New pioneer leader supports children and carries away their greater and interesting business.
<EOS>
Anbe Sivam begins  who prefers the much-abbreviated A.
Aras  arriving at the Bhubaneswar airport in Orissa  India.
He is about to board a flight back for his wedding.
However  he learns.
His flight has been cancelled due where the heavy floods and torrential rains of the wet season have affected air traffic.
Aras watches the television news.
Waiting. 
Remarking  he looks around and sees a bespectacled man with scars taking out something rolled up in a newspaper from his bag.
The country is going.
Pictures flash through his mind.
He informs the authorities  only to learn.
The man was simply taking out a cucumber.
The man   is Nallasivam a.
Who is physically challenged.
K. 
A. 
Nalla.
Nalla introduces himself.
They get to know each other.
However  Aras underestimates Nalla  ignoring his sage advice and friendly overtures  resulting.
Then  announcements are made.
All flights have been canceled due.
Aras realizes.
He needs a room.
He is informed  much.
The five-star hotel where he was staying before is now fully booked  leaving him optionless.
Nallasivam helps.
Him find a place nearby  where Nalla and Aras are forced to share the same room.
Aras  resentment makes him act selfishly in trying to get rid of Nalla  at every juncture  Nalla does him a favor.
Leaves Aras.
The next morning  Aras takes a taxi.
Aras realizes.
The floods have blocked most and even the train station is flooded.
He gets mugged at the station but instead steals all his money.
Who offers to help him.
Nalla comes and helps Aras regain the wallet  sans the money.
It is then revealed and is traveling.
Nalla is a trade unionist.
30 lakh to be delivered after fighting a court case for union workers.
The comical situations continue.
The pair make it.
Nalla begins to tell Aras his story.
Awaiting their train.
A tired Aras falls asleep and later walks away halfway.
The film then flashes back.
When a perfectly good-looking Nalla performs.
He often gets.
Nalla is also a very talented painter.
He is fighting mainly.
Whom he satirically imitates.
However  an interesting turn sees Nalla and Kandasamy s daughter Bala fall in love with each other.
Realizing Kandasamy s power would be too much to bear  Nalla and Bala decide to elope.
They want to get together.
The bus is.
Nalla is.
Leaves him badly injured.
He is left partially paralyzed and badly scarred.
Kandasamy informs his daughter Bala.
Nalla is dead.
It is also.
Nalla becomes a firm believer and  while suffering from an inferiority complex due to his scarred and paralyzed body  nevertheless engages with renewed fervour in performing community service and social work while continuing to fight for union causes.
The film then returns.
Aras and Nalla prepare to board the train they have been waiting.
But  they get and so on.
The train arrives.
Nalla accuses Aras   concluding.
Aras defends himself and criticises communism.
The Soviet Union does nt exist anymore.
Nalla argues.
The idea would nt die because the Soviet Union has broken up  just as people would nt stop loving if the Taj Mahal got destroyed.
The argument turns heated  causing a short-tempered Aras to punch Nalla.
Nalla punches Aras back even harder  causing Aras to bleed.
Pretending to cool down and make up  Aras deceives Nalla and locks the train door  leaving Nalla stranded.
The train leaves.
Aras meets a well-dressed corporate-type individual  Uthaman.
Who seems to share the same interests.
Uthaman asks Aras to throw away a pack.
Nalla gave to Aras due and offers him whiskey.
He learns.
When Aras wakes up the next day.
He has been conned and that his fellow passenger man was a thief who stole all.
The train comes.
A previous train has had an accident.
It has to be cleared up first.
There  Aras witnesses a slew  causing him to suffer emotionally.
He meets Nalla again at the treatment camp nearby.
He apologizes.
Who forgives him.
Nalla proposes.
He donate blood.
Aras mentions that he is bloodsick.
Nalla convinces him.
Aras donates.
Aras also retrieves his belongings.
He finds that the thief is.
Nalla proposes.
Aras travel in an ambulance which will be carrying the injured boy on its way to Chennai.
Aras to cry.
The boy passes away causing.
He calls God ` unjust.
Nalla   tells Aras.
Who is an atheist.
Aras himself is God  that the sadness he feels and the tears he sheds makes him God.
Aras comes with using his full name Anbarasu  a name.
He previously despised because he apparently does nt like ` anbu.
They go their separate ways  but Aras realizes.
Returns had given him.
He realizes.
Nalla had lied previously when he said that he had a wife and a son named ` Sangu.
The address is a place.
Where injured labourers camp while waiting for their legal funds and that ` Sangu  is the name of Nalla s dog  which incidentally had caused Nalla s accident.
He goes to the nearby shop to meet Nalla and scolds him for not telling him the truth.
He asks Nalla to come for his marriage.
Nalla says.
He will ` come later.
Aras recounts the story of.
His brother died when he was young.
He says and should stay as long as life permits.
Nalla is his new-found brother.
A clearly emotional Nalla accepts the invitation.
Nalla realizes.
The girl Aras is about to marry is Bala.
He takes this opportunity to appear and threaten.
He will stay on and make Bala realize what a cheat her father is unless Kandasamy signs all related documents and bonuses for his company s labourers.
Sacrificing himself  Nalla leaves after Kandasamy signs  leaving behind a letter for his ` brother.
He has missions to complete  and that he d rather travel as a free bird than be caged and tied to one place.
He thanks Aras.
He has shown.
Kandasamy meanwhile orders his assistant to kill Nalla.
The assistant approaches him.
Nalla walks away.
Hearing Sangu bark  Nalla turns around and sees his would-be assailant.
Requesting him not to hurt Sangu   he tells the assistant.
Who is barking and growling.
He can not fight like he used to and is ready to accept death.
The assistant drops his weapon  weeps  and apologizes.
He tells Nalla.
Because he did all the dirty work  God has punished him by taking away his beloved daughter.
He tells Nalla.
He has read Nalla s letter.
He also states.
He has sinned much and does nt want to commit any more sins.
He asks.
Nalla to leave and that God will protect Nalla.
Nalla refutes  saying.
The assistant himself is God.
He says.
There is no greater God.
The film ends.
<EOS>
The film starts.
Janie s father makes a suggestion.
The judge is about to render his verdict.
William suggests.
The couple return and retrace all of their steps to include getting married.
<EOS>
The intrepid Buffalo Bill Cody comes to aid miner Rocky Ford and a group of ranchers in their defeat of a local crime lord  King Carney.
Who is trying to keep the new railroad out in order to carry on with his illegal operations.
Then Rocky asks Cody to don the disguise.
Who once before smashed outlaw rule.
Cody enlists the support of Rocky  the settler Reb Morgan and his sister Ruth  and plans offensive strategy to eradicate Carney and his outlaws.
It takes him 15 episodes  each full  fights  and assorted action all backed by a competent musical score.
<EOS>
One day  Nobita finds a stray dog drowning.
Feeling sorry  he decides to take it home by hiding it in a kennel on the wall and names and plays with Ichi with his Kendama to find.
It Ichi  and secretly feeds it.
He also adopts a stray cat named Zubu  and many other stray cats and dogs.
Nobita  along with his friends  decide to send them back in time  300 million years ago.
Where there was no other living beings around.
They depart  with a promise to return to the present.
However   they encountered a time-space anomaly  sending them crash landing 1000 years -- to their surprise  They found out.
When they try to visit them the next day.
The dogs and cats have evolved enough to form a civilized society that rivaled those.
They try to find help to repair it  only to learn -- a cluster of asteroids are going to Collide with Earth.
The time machine is broken.
They can continue their.
Will Nobita finally reunite .
He promised.
<EOS>
One is Camiel  a gay dentist.
Who marries his lover and the other is Simon  a heterosexual ladymagnet.
They become close friends.
Chamiel does something.
Interrupts their friendship.
Camiel and Simon meet again.
Simon is now terminally ill.
Simon has a daughter  Joy and a son  Nelson.
They develop a friendship.
Camiel adopts them.
<EOS>
Kim Jong-du  a salesman.
Who believes that luck will change when he becomes a famous writer.
However he is forced to give up.
His story failed to win.
Added is the fear.
His girlfriend Joo-young will leave him.
Jong-du realizes his mistakes.
Joo-young gets a job.
Knows that she will never leave him.
<EOS>
The live-action film is an adaptation.
The movie begins with Yasumasa Hirai demonstrating to Baron Eiichi Shibusawa the presence of powerful spirits beneath Tokyo.
He specifically warns Shibusawa.
The onryo Taira no Masakado must not be disturbed  as its spirit is powerful enough to destroy the city.
Shibusawa allows the Tsuchimikado Family to advise him on.
To make a Tokyo a blessed city.
However  both Hirai s and Shibusawa s efforts are opposed.
Who wants to destroy Tokyo.
To do this  he attempts to kidnap Yukari Tatsumiya  the descendant  to use as a medium to communicate with the spirit.
However  his plans are brought to the Tsuchimikado Family by Koda Rohan.
Hirai and his followers lock Yukari and defend her with onmyodo magic.
Kato and his followers launch a frontal assault.
Kato escapes and uses her as a medium.
Masakado rejects his offer.
Ogai Mori diagnoses Yukari as pregnant.
Emperor Meiji passes away  marking the end.
Feeling  Hirai commits seppuku to divine the year.
His time is over.
Turns out to be the Year.
The setting moves.
Kato retreats and he and his followers use magic to cause artificial earthquake waves.
Are amplified.
Kato returns to awaken Masakado s spirit by himself  but is interrupted by Koda Rohan and Junichi Narutaki.
Who use Kimon Tonkou magic.
Kato fails to awaken Masakado  but manages to stimulate the Great Kanto Earthquake.
The setting moves.
Torahiko Terada has been appointed.
Hayakawa s construction workers run provoking Terada to seek out the aid of Dr Makoto Nishimura to use his creation Gakutensoku to finish construction for them.
Masakado summons Keiko Mekata  a miko  to defend his grave.
Keiko joins forces.
Who discovers the location.
Keiko rushes to stop Kato.
Kuroda fights a large living statue which guards the place.
Kato summons his goho doji to fend her off.
Kato attempts to awaken Masakado  but.
This is unsuccessful.
Keiko explains.
Yukiko is not his child  but rather the result.
Gakutensoku self destructs  cutting off the spiritual energy veins connected.
Kato tries to use onmyodo magic one last time to stimulate an earthquake  but this is insufficient.
He is severely wounded.
Kato kidnaps Keiko and takes her to Manchuria.
His plans are foiled.
The film ends.
Kyoka Izumi predicting Kato s return.
<EOS>
The footage is sent back home.
When a young pilot  Daniel Bellamy  is presumed dead.
A typographical error becomes a tribute to heroism.
A girl who worked is thought to be the object of his secret love.
However  Dan returns home.
He tries to keep up the pretense.
Order to save embarrassment.
Dan reveals.
He was not speaking.
He meant his dog.
A series ensue  leading to resolution of the misunderstanding.
The resolution  however  is long coming.
<EOS>
The movie portrays the story.
Who is with supernatural powers named.
He has tracked this individual.
The planet s human population lives  gathering valuable crystals.
Seem to be the basis.
Syn has posed.
The leader called the One Eyes - so named because they symbolically gouge out one of their eyes - who are descendants of a vanished culture called the Cyclopians.
The territorial nomads have begun a holy war to drive the human miners.
Syn has instigated this crusade.
Dogen knows and seeks to stop him.
Syn s plan is really to enslave them all.
Syn equips his nomads.
Drain the life.
Dogen searches Lemuria s wastelands  traveling in an armored vehicle.
Looks. 
The movie begins.
Dogen manages to shoot down the bike and finds one on the pilot s body.
Carved is a symbol of a dead tree.
Dogen next finds a murdered prospector.
Whose young daughter Dhyana witnessed his death.
Baal sprayed the man.
Sent him.
Dogen convinces Dhyana.
It s his mission to find Syn.
She joins him.
Dhyana takes Dogen.
Who tests the crystal and identifies it.
Dhyana recalls.
A tale is a magic mask located in their lost city.
Zax confirms the tale and tells Dogen to find a prospector named Rhodes.
Who lives.
Dogen and Dhyana head.
They are attacked by a group of vehicles driven by the nomads and commanded by Baal.
Dogen is forced to stop.
Where Baal sprays him.
He becomes paralyzed.
Dhyana manages to drive the nomads off and cares.
Who slips and finds Syn and Baal looming over him.
Syn tries to pull Dogen away.
Their will is too strong to break.
Dogen awakes is suddenly teleported away and finds herself before Syn in his lair.
A summoned monster appears before Dogen and fires electric bolts at him.
Dogen uses water to defeat the creature.
Shorts out and vanishes.
Dogen then arrives and finds Rhodes  a washed-up soldier  drinking in a bar.
Rhodes denies the lost city s existence and refuses to get involved.
Dogen leaves but comes beating up a captured nomad soldier.
The miners turn hostile.
When Dogen runs to help him.
A shootout ensues.
Dogen is.
Rhodes helps him and defeats the miners.
Rhodes reluctantly agrees to help Dogen and the two head.
Where they come.
There  Dogen locates an ominous statue being with a single eye and finds the crystal mask just as the legend foretold.
The two are then attacked but manage to get away.
They are accosted.
Their intimidating leader  Hurok  grabs the mask and accuses them of trespassing on their sacred land - a crime punishable by death.
Rhodes points out.
The nomad law states that a warrior can fight so Dogen is put into a dueling pit with Hurok.
Dogen fights Hurok  but manages to defeat him and honorably spares his life.
Hurok accepts Dogen and lets him go free.
Meanwhile  Dhyana is still being held.
Syn takes her and forces her touch it.
It begins to glow and emits a sounds.
Syn tells her.
The crystal gets its power.
Dhyana is disgusted and says.
Her warrior will come.
Elsewhere  Dogen and Rhodes conduct a drive-by shooting.
Dogen makes good.
Their escape and stops to rest.
There  Dogen looks.
Placing it  he finds himself in the dream world with a burning tree.
He finds an axe and hacks into the tree.
The tree moans and trickles a stream of blood.
Dogen pulls the mask  the two are attacked again by Baal.
Baal rushes up extending his robotic arm.
Rhodes pushes him out.
Rhodes is knocked out.
Dogen struggles.
Baal cries out and runs away.
Dogen follows the trail.
Is leaking.
He sees.
The nomads gathered and makes his way through the crowd.
Hurok is also present and steps forward to meet his friend.
Syn announces.
The warrior is here to stop them.
Dogen states.
He has only come.
Syn orders Hurok to kill Dogen.
Hurok refuses and demands.
Dogen be allowed to speak.
Dogen turns.
Syn is a liar and that he wants their land so they can serve him.
The crowd begins to protest.
Syn shouts.
They are all too late.
He activates the crystal and summons forth a blast.
Stuns the crowd.
Syn fires a more blasts.
He deflects it.
Baal grabs the mask.
It shatters.
Hurok then grabs Baal and stabs him.
Syn shouts.
His son dies then suddenly he disappears  teleporting away.
The sound alerts Dogen.
He sees Syn fly off.
He jumps.
Dogen chases Syn  but Syn casts another spell.
Opens an energy portal.
He gets away.
Dogen returns.
Dogen says.
Syn has escaped where Hurok states that he may return.
Dogen swears.
Wherever he goes  he ll be waiting.
Dogen then fires his pistol and destroys Syn s soul crystal.
Dogen and Dhyana leave the camp and walk down a road.
They soon encounter Rhodes.
Who picks them up and takes them.
<EOS>
Carmine Bonavia is elected mayor on the issue of drug legalization.
He marries and travels to his ancestral home of Sicily for their honeymoon.
Where he encounters men will stop at nothing to prevent the legalization of drugs  which threatens their business.
<EOS>
Set  this silent adventure is filled with pageantry and excitement.
It chronicles the star-crossed love.
Wilfred  son of Sir Cedric  returns to England from the Crusades in the Holy Land.
Two weary travelers  Isaac  are admitted to Sir Cedric s castle  but.
Ivanhoe  disguised  discovers that his beloved Lady Rowena has remained faithful.
The knights learn that Isaac has money they abduct the visitors.
He enters the forest.
When Ivanhoe realizes that Sir Cedric and Rowena have also been captured.
Where he meets Robin Hood and the Black Knight  actually King Richard  the.
Their band defeats de Bois.
The villain escapes  later charging her with sorcery.
King Richard arrives  revealing his identity and reclaiming the crown.
Ivanhoe defeats de Bois.
Sadly  Rebecca must undergo a period  as well as come to terms with the loss of the man  and witness the nuptials of her gallant Ivanhoe and the beautiful Rowena.
She loves.
<EOS>
One man s broken relationship fills him with the desire to give the young boys in his town hope and confidence.
He seeks to accomplish this.
His actions will also bless and bring a new meaning in life to the father of one of the boys  a man serving a life sentence in the local penitentiary.
The townspeople are powerfully changed.
Fathers reunite and realize their own ability to be one good man.
<EOS>
Seventeen-year-old Eric Hansen  played embarks on a journey in his new town during the summer of.
Will change his life forever.
<EOS>
The film begins.
What appears to be a woman.
He produces a needle and administers its contents to his assailant.
She falls.
The scene shifts  allegedly at the hands of Dr Carl Fletcher.
Induced to reluctantly tell his story  Flether admits.
He killed Paula.
Yet  he also offers.
There is more than what is on the surface.
Via flashbacks  it is learned.
Fletcher was present and witnessed Cheela the Gorilla s heroic act that saved the life of Fred Mason.
The doctor acquires the body of the beast.
He detects a heartbeat  and revives the animal.
Fascinated  he purchases the late Dr Walters  estate  hoping to find the records of his experiments.
Apparently having no need  Cheela returns to human form.
She is at first unable to speak.
Fletcher diagnoses her condition.
However.
Her fiancee Bob Whitney  the girl suddenly becomes verbal identifying herself.
Enamored  Paula s jealous streak resurfaces.
An unseen attacker capsizes Joan and Bob.
Discussing the episode  they believe.
One is responsible.
Unbeknownst  Willie has already paid the supreme price for his constant harassment of Paula.
Later  meeting.
Him bruises.
She claims.
Meanwhile  the caretaker has made the doctor aware of the vicious killing of his dog and a flock of chickens.
Armed to the henhouse  Dr Fletcher confiscates Paula s perfume bottle as well.
Paula makes an attempt.
He returns.
Bob enters the room.
As he pushes her.
Misunderstanding  he takes Paula.
What he has seen.
Dr Fletcher has the lock and perfume bottle analyzed  learning.
Although different  the prints do indeed match.
He is now convinced.
Paula and Cheela are one and the same.
Bob has Paula examined.
Who does detect mental instability and extreme physical strength.
He admonishes the young man to return her at once.
When told she is already.
Arriving back  Dr Fletcher is met with the news.
Willie s mangled body has been found.
He confides.
What he knows  and expresses his concern for Bob.
Paula and Bob return as well.
The latter finally tells her.
He is going to marry Joan  which visibly angers her.
Joan rushes to meet him.
Paula disappears.
Learning the truth  he sends his fiancee to her cabin.
He goes.
Dr Fletcher tells Bob to check the rest.
A search fails.
Brandishing a hypodermic needle filled  the physician heads outside to continue his search.
Paula pursues Joan.
Attempting to gain entrance  she hears the approaching Dr Fletcher.
She attacks him.
He accidentally administers a fatal overdose.
The flashbacks conclude and the D.
A.
Expresses his disbelief.
The Coroner parades the group   to the morgue to re-examine the body of Paula Dupree.
She is found to have reverted to the form of a half-human  half-ape monster.
Dr Fletcher is exonerated.
<EOS>
Chili Palmer  a loan shark based  clashes with another mobster  Ray Bones Barboni.
Barboni borrows Chili s jacket.
Chili gets it back.
Barboni tried to get his boss  Jimmy Capp involved.
Capp refuses to go over such a trivial matter as Chili s jacket.
He quickly finds himself working.
When Palmer s New York boss  Momo  dies.
Barboni s first order is to collect a 18K loansharking debt owed by dry cleaner Leo Devoe.
Devoe was believed to be killed.
Owing loan shark money  a panicky Devoe had got off his flight  started slamming down drinks  and failed to.
Devoe s wife  Faye  identified his personal effects.
His plane crashed.
The airliner quickly offered her a check  assuming.
Devoe had been.
She suddenly tells him Leo.
When Chili visits Devoe s widow to see if he had any flight insurance.
Is actually still alive  and partying.
Palmer picks up a job  to collect a gambling debt from a B-movie producer named Harry Zimm.
Looking. 
He agrees to pay back the money.
When Palmer locates Zimm.
He owes the casino.
Palmer then pitches a movie idea to the producer  a thinly veiled story of his own recent life.
Zimm is interested.
He has financial problems.
He owes $.
Palmer tells Zimm.
He will help Zimm take care.
Palmer tracks down Devoe and collects the $ 300000 in insurance money  plus another $.
He promises to pay back plus interest.
Palmer returns the next day  and asks Karen Flores out.
Flores is the.
Who is just the man Palmer wants to star.
Palmer pitches Weir the story idea.
Weir seems very interested.
Palmer tells Catlett.
When Catlett visits Zimm.
Zimm has a project he needs to finish first.
Catlett wants to produce the new film  Mr Lovejoy.
Harry claims.
He can not do that.
The new film deal is structured.
Catlett and his sidekick Ronnie then threaten Harry  saying they want their $ 200000 back immediately.
Catlett s drug dealing business has had problems with cash shortages and Mexican mafia dealers wanting money.
Chili has problems too.
A drunken Harry has recklessly called Ray Barboni  and told him Chili has recovered the money from Leo Devoe.
Barboni is soon to Los Angeles.
A few days later  Catlett offers Zimm $ 500000 interest free to drop Palmer s help and let him produce the film.
Palmer soon asks Karen Flores out.
Karen  is a low-budget actress and the.
Martin is the man.
Palmer wants to help him produce and star.
Palmer pitches Weir the idea.
Weir seems interested.
They begin to realize they both have a love.
A romance starts developing.
Bo Catlett is upset.
Harry will not let him produce Mr Lovejoy.
Desperate  Catlett kidnaps Karen and demands the money.
Chili has gotten back.
Catlett reneges.
Chili turns.
Catlett s double crossing henchman  Bear  starts beating on Catlett s balcony.
Catlett is pushed against the balcony railing.
Catlett plummets.
The same night  Barboni confronts Palmer  searching him.
He finds the airport locker key.
Barboni is confronted by police and arrested.
The final scene is.
Directing them is Penny Marshall   Chili and Karen as.
Bear appears.
Bette Midler is.
<EOS>
Anthony is forced by his mother.
Order to help him make friends.
The trouble is.
The friend his mother makes him spend the night is a bully named Craig Randall.
His mother turns her car radio  and hears a news report about a rash of kidnappings of children tied up in duct tape.
He enters the house.
Who were found alive.
Craig is persistently hostile towards Anthony.
His mother spends time preparing unappetizing meals.
Are supposed to be healthy.
It seems.
Craig is ready to become more friendly when they find a shared interest in toys  video games  slime  etcetera  but then resumes his hostility.
Anthony s older brother John  is a burnout  and his friends.
Who spends time.
Who are plotting to steal a parking meter and break for drugs.
Background music consist of classic rock from Steely Dan  Jethro Tull  Blue oyster Cult and The Grateful Dead.
He refuses believing.
When Anthony tries to call him to come and pick him up.
His little brother should learn to be more sociable.
The rest of the family eats foods.
Anthony finds unappealing.
Craig s mother boasts  despite the fact.
She s.
He suggests ordering a pizza.
When Craig and Lucy s father notices that Anthony does nt like fish heads.
Shocks every other family member.
Anthony walks in on Craig s sister.
Who he finds is using his toothbrush to brush her teeth.
She compares it to kissing  then explains  sneaks a kiss and then runs to bed.
She s fond because he upsets her brother as well as the rest of the family dynamic.
Craig accuses Anthony  and threatens to either tell his parents or kill him in his sleep.
Desperate to escape  he calls home again.
Both his mother and his brother insist.
He should stay the night.
His mother suggests.
The only way he can come home is if he asks Craig s parents to give him the ride.
He sees them.
When he tries to do so.
Much has come to the rescue.
John is convinced.
He missed an opportunity for a sexual tryst with his girlfriend.
He thinks.
When Anthony informs him.
He might have a chance after all.
He leaves a note.
They return home.
Mrs Randall misinterprets by the Duct Tape Gang.
Police and news reporters surround the house.
Anthony sleeps safely.
<EOS>
A singer Pappan is killed but Yamaraj to live.
The Lord realizes that Pappan has a few more days.
Yamarajan allows Pappan to enter.
Pappan is dead.
<EOS>
The movie opens.
A lightning storm is brewing and raging.
A group are sailing on their ship.
All are scared of the storm.
Meanwhile  a brave captain warns his pirates to lower the sails.
The movie continues.
Tom and Jerry travel.
A wave carries the map to the treasure aboard.
Tom hides the map  but is warned.
If the map is not returned by sunset a curse will begin.
Tom and Jerry escape from a giant squid by using a cannon.
The ship is then attacked.
Bob s crew manages to steal the map.
Ron retrieves it and shoots.
The sun sets.
The ghost appears.
Ron s crew abandons ship.
Their lifeboat lands squid.
Tom and Jerry fought earlier.
Angry for not warning him about the curse  Ron expects him to row all the way to the island.
Where the treasure is buried.
Tom  however  leaves Ron s men stranded and takes only himself and Jerry.
They meet Purple Pirate Paul  Ron and Bob s brother.
When they arrive.
Who calls himself Barnacle Paul because he does nt want be.
He  too  is looking  but is discouraged  having searched for over 40 years.
Tom and Jerry are about to go.
When Ron arrives and tells Paul that Tom has the map.
Tom and Jerry run.
They reach the entrance.
A stone chicken guards the tomb.
Tom and Jerry defeat it.
They reach the cave.
Contains the treasure.
Tom rushes inside and is shocked to see the same giant squid standing guard.
It shrieks.
When it recognizes Tom.
A stalactite crushes it.
Tom and Jerry retrieve the treasure.
Ron  Paul  and Bob begin to fight over the treasure.
When Tom exits the tomb.
Jerry seizes this opportunity.
Has been fully repaired.
Tom uses a palm tree to catapult himself.
Jerry is made captain.
Tom is made to swab the deck.
Meanwhile  Ron  Bob  Paul and their crews remain  running from the stone chicken.
<EOS>
A group are trapped on the frontlines  and are suffering from lack of water.
Raising a white flag  one goes to the only spring in the region.
Is located.
It is revealed.
The Iraqi side has the same problem  and has also sent a man to fetch water.
The Iranian group s commander is considering the situation.
When suddenly a mortar bomb hits just.
The commander  fearing an ambush  shoots and kills the Iraqi soldier.
Subsequently  it is revealed.
The Iraqi soldier was alone and that no ambush was intended.
Ashamed in the light of this new information  the Iranian commander commits suicide.
<EOS>
The Pink Panther joins a construction crew.
Where his inexperience causes a series.
He repeatedly ruins a worker s wall-plaster work and spills off the wall.
The plaster liquefies due.
Looking  the panther removes hot rivets from a bucket and pours them into a workman s hard hat   he experiences scorching pain.
When the man puts the hat on.
The final blow emerges.
When the Pink Panther tries to move a steel girder  which hits a wooden beam being carried and triggers a chain-reaction of collisions that destroys the foundations of the building.
The Pink Panther flees the enraged construction workers.
Who give chase.
<EOS>
Prisoners convicted of service offences such as insubordination  being drunk whilst on duty  going AWOL or petty theft etc.
Are subjected to repetitive drill.
The arrival slowly leads to a clash with the camp authorities.
One new NCO guard employs excessive punishments.
Who has also just arrived.
Include forcing the five newcomers to repeatedly climb a man-made hill.
Humane Staff Sergeant Harris  Regimental Sergeant Major Wilson  and the camp s Medical Officer.
When one dies a power struggle erupts.
They struggle to run the camp.
Roberts is a former Squadron Sergeant Major  convicted of assaulting his Commanding Officer - was.
He explains.
He was ordered to lead his men.
Roberts openly scorns Williams brutality and serves to his authority.
The RSM is a career soldier.
Who sees his vital task.
What are you supposed to be  Roberts asks him when he is accused  a brave man in a permanent base job.
Staff Sergeant Harris is the conscience.
Who sympathizes  too closely  according to the RSM.
The officers  both the CO and the Medical Officer  take their duties casually and   everyone is doing time here  even the screws.
Roberts points out.
The camp s Medical Officer and Staff Sergeant Harris decide to report the abuses at the camp.
Sadistic Staff Sergeant Williams goes to administer one final  perhaps fatal  beating.
When two prisoners intervene and appear to beat Williams while Roberts pleads with them to stop.
<EOS>
Andre  is a son.
Who meets a girl called Luisinha.
Luisinha lives.
Who are.
Simplicio Costa  better known do Castelo  a lazy but highly talented guitar player.
Who together with reaches success.
Andre decides to move  offering an assumed name and pretending to be a chauffeur.
Order to see Luisinha every day.
Enter Ms.
When all seems to be going.
Mafalda da Silveira  Andre s aunt.
Who unmasks her nephew and ends the farse.
Andre gets injured  and takes advantage of his ailment to persuade his aunt with the help of his uncle Simao  to allow Luisinha to live at her mansion  to attend him.
Luisinha ends up moving in and  thanks  the mansion knows joy and light again.
One day  Simplicio Costa comes and  unexpectedly  he finds the lost love of his youth.
Gone  Mafalda.
All seems perfect.
One person stands.
Mafalda and the Costa do.
Castelo manage to join together not only Daniel and Luisinha but also themselves.
<EOS>
The film is narrated during the Thatcher Era of the 1980s  with little hope of ever making anything of himself  yet he dreams of being somebody and escaping the dull  grey urban landscape.
He becomes a fugitive.
Through family connections escapes.
His job there is to deliver a bag containing drugs and cash.
Who is very successful and runs his own nightclub and drugs business.
Impressed in not opening the bag  Charlie takes a liking to Frankie  introduces him to his business associates  including the psychopathic Sammy  and invites him to remain in Spain and work as his driver.
Frankie discovers.
They are the Peckham Four  wanted for armed robbery back in Britain.
However  Frankie decides.
He prefers an exciting life  as opposed to being a nobody back in London.
Frankie soon accepts and becomes involved from Morocco.
Which children are used although the children are sometimes shot dead.
The film then follows the rise-and-fall pattern common  showing first the criminals living the high life  and then the downfall as greed and jealousy introduce rivalries between them  and eventually split them up.
Their cannabis trade is booming.
Charlie and Frankie decide to go alone  importing cocaine instead of cannabis through drop-offs from Colombian aeroplanes.
This is the cause.
Not only do they both become increasingly addicted itself.
Also the local mayor   discovers and uses the weight to shut them down and close their businesses.
Who had been happy to ignore the cannabis trade but had warned them not to import cocaine.
What they are doing.
An assassination attempt ends in failure  and the gruesome death of one of the gang.
A few years later  Frankie and Charlie are homeless thugs and reduced to stealing.
Order to survive.
Frankie meets the scheming Carly again and decides to make one last deal.
Organising a disappointing reunion party.
He invites Sammy.
Carly has given Sammy a pistol.
Both intend to betray the other.
Sammy tries to shoot Frankie.
Who beats him with a rock.
The fight ends quickly.
Frankie escapes.
Frankie emerges.
Who had masterminded the whole thing  finally getting his happy ending.
But  he realises  so he knocks her out and drives off into the sunset on his own.
He ca nt trust Carly when he finds another pistol amongst their money.
The ending reveals.
Sonny cleaned up his act and continued to run Charlie s old bar  which he did so successfully  whilst Charlie was reduced.
The theatrical ending also reveals.
Frankie went - an obvious pun on the name of popular 1980s band Frankie Goes to Hollywood.
<EOS>
Beavis and Butt-head see a commercial on TV for the All Star Monster Truck Thrashathon.
They go.
Where a folk singer  David Van Driessen sings and gets run over.
The monster truck then goes out and hits a row of port-a-potties  releasing and angering Sterculius  the Roman god of feces.
Sterculius goes up.
The arena gets covered.
Then  mocking the ending  the ending shows To be discontinued with the credits following.
<EOS>
Ben Stein introduces the film  so a lot of the jokes are now outdated in.
Boyishly handsome Charlie  blossoming dancer Lori  and highly intelligent Max all have their own ideas.
The Gunderson family sets out.
What life will be like.
Kindly outcast Billie amiably agrees to show him the ropes and provide him.
When Charlie is singled out on the very first day of school.
Meanwhile  Lori is shocked to discover.
Dancing has been banned.
The only place to cut loose is.
Immediately forbidden  Lori stealthily sneaks out to be with the kindly Gabriel.
The pair set a clever plan to usher in a new era of dancing around town.
Lovelorn Billie quietly pines.
When Charlie vows to win the heart by competing against her athletic boyfriend  Kipp  in the upcoming school decathlon.
He begins a rigorous training regiment.
Reclusive genius Max continues working.
His family struggles to adjust.
Soon draws the attention.
<EOS>
Set  the film tells the story of a lost French soldier named Andre Duvalier saved by a strange young woman named Helene.
She looks.
Who died 20 years before.
Andre begins an investigation to uncover  he had found Ilsa sleeping.
Who the woman really is  and stumbles.
The Baron killed the two of them.
Or.
He explained.
All the while  the phantom remained under the control of a peasant witch.
Who has commanded the ghost to torment the Baron.
Ilsa s ghost beseeches the Baron to kill himself  so they could be together.
The Baron decides to do so  perhaps to atone for his crimes.
Andre  as well as the Baron s butler Stefan  try to stop him  eventually forcing the witch into compliance.
Here it is revealed.
The witch Katrina is the mother of Eric  who was allegedly killed by the Baron twenty years before  and that is why she has tried to make him commit suicide and damn his soul to hell in the process.
Stefan reveals.
Eric never died  that it was the Baron who was killed.
Eric then took the Baron s place  living his life.
He deluded himself.
Katrina  realizing her folly only too late  goes to stop Eric from flooding the castle crypt and killing himself.
However  she is unable to go  being a witch and therefore of evil association  and ends up being struck by lightning and burning to death outside the gate.
Ilsa s ghost attempts to kill Eric.
The crypt floods.
Stefan joins the struggle.
However   it is already flooding and crumbling.
He is only able to carry Helene s body away.
The two share a touching moment together outside  only to have Helene begin to rapidly decompose and melt.
Katrina s familiar hawk flies away.
Helene turns.
<EOS>
Dr Daniel Pavenic sits down to dinner with some friends and discusses his past and his obsession with a former house servant.
His shocking honesty eventually leads.
<EOS>
Bruno the Slobokian Acrobatic Bear is the star of the show.
But  he agrees to put him.
When the Colonel gets a phone call.
Bruno shows his disgust into a corner.
Bruno ca nt help but smack Bugs around a little.
When Bugs is introduced along.
Bruno tries to get the better - either by placing an anvil on top of a series of targets  or by not catching Bugs during a trapeze act.
Bugs can hit his head.
However  Bugs soon starts getting the better.
Includes turning the tables by letting him fall from the trapeze into the band section.
He s too clumsy.
He s going to be the sole star  and to prove it.
Bruno gets  and challenges Bugs to an even higher heights and diving into smaller amounts of water.
Eventually  Bruno comes up.
Bugs accepts the challenge and starts to do the stunt.
Bruno forces his way.
Bugs leads the dazed bear around  telling him.
When Bruno lands flat.
He s going.
Cutting a rope  Bugs starts a series.
Initially sends the bear flying.
Bruno then gets whacked around until finally landing in a cannon.
Bugs uses to shoot him out.
<EOS>
A delivery truck pulls up.
Where a young boy named Billy arrives eagerly waiting.
The truck s back shutter opens to reveal a sinister figure.
Who drops off a package.
The package opens.
The film momentarily turns.
Billy begins to read.
The delivery man reveals his true identity.
An elderly couple named Ray and Martha Spruce named.
Old Chief Wood ` nhead who adorns the front porch and are humbled to see their old  run-down town coming.
The Spruces are then visited.
Who gives them turquoise jewellery  which are his tribe s sacred treasures.
The tribe has incurred.
The elder bids them.
Old Chief Wood ` nhead farewell and returns.
Later the Spruces are subject  Sam armed with a shotgun.
His two friends Andy and Fatso.
Sam demands that Ray hand over the turquoise.
Ray resists.
The Spruces are shot and killed by Sam.
The three thugs then leave and begin preparations to run away to Hollywood  California.
Old Chief Wood ` nhead then comes.
They leave and goes out to kill them and avenge the murdered Spruces.
Old Chief Wood ` nhead corners Sam in his home  with Sam being unable to fight back as the shells from his shotgun have no effect on his wooden assailant.
Sam attempts to lock himself and escape through a window.
Old Chief Wood ` nhead breaks  grabs Sam by his hair  pulls him through the wall and scalps him.
He screams.
He finds the bag containing the turquoise jewellery.
When Benjamin Whitemoon wakes up.
He visits the Spruce s general store to find Old Chief Wood ` nhead  holding his nephew s bloody scalp and a blood-stained knife.
Now aware.
What has happened.
Billy is seen at the town post office  receiving a package from.
When he sent a product ad.
Incensed.
99 reveals.
The package actually contains the bulb.
The clerk doubts the actuality.
Billy sets off.
The Creep presents another tale.
Four college students  Deke  Laverne  Randy  and Rachel decide to go swimming far away from civilization.
They realize.
They make their way.
They are being terrorized.
The frightened students begin to panic.
Deke plans to swim to shore.
He can bring back help.
He is a fast swimmer.
But  the blob seeps and pulls Deke through the raft  killing him in the process.
He can carry out his plan.
Randy and Laverne manage to evade the creature long enough.
Where it gives up trying to grab them as well.
Randy and Laverne spend the entire night  afraid to fall asleep in fear.
The creature will attack.
They do manage to fall asleep.
Randy is the first up in the morning  relieved to find.
Laverne and himself made it.
He begins caressing her body and fondling her breasts.
She awakes screaming  much to Randy s horror.
The creature has seeped and has a hold of her face.
Randy uses the opportunity to jump off the raft and swim to shore.
The oil-like blob pulls her and begins consuming her.
He ultimately makes it  barely escaping the creature and yells I beat you.
The blob returns  with no evidence of the four students even visiting the lake other than their car.
Was left running the whole time.
The camera pans out to reveal a No Swimming sign barely visible.
Billy is ambushed by a gang of neighborhood bullies.
Who harass him and take his package.
The gang s leader Rhino then smashes and opens the package  finding the Venus Flytrap bulb  and throws it  crushing it with his foot.
Billy kicks Rhino in the groin and flees  with Rhino and his gang in hot pursuit.
The Creep then appears and presents another tale.
An adulterous businesswoman named.
Annie Lansing gets up after sleeping with a gigolo  realizing that she has to get home before her wealthy attorney husband to avoid suspicion.
Annie hops and heads for home several miles away.
She accidentally kills a hitchhiker.
She speeds down a dark road.
Seeing  she takes off.
No one witnessed the incident.
The area is crowded with passersby.
After she leaves.
Who report the.
Miles away  Annie thinks about.
The consequences involved.
She ultimately concludes.
No one has anything and thinks that everything will be fine.
However  the hitchhiker appears for the ride  lady.
She can continue.
She killed suddenly.
Annie speeds off.
Everywhere she goes  the hitchhiker always reappears.
She repeatedly runs him over  hurls him  slams his body into trees  etc.
And he only gets more and more battered and bloody.
Annie eventually loses control and drives off the road  down a hill and into a tree  knocking herself out.
She awakens a short while later  not seeing the hitchhiker and believes it to be a bad dream.
She gets back  succeeding in getting there before her husband.
The hitchhiker appears.
She begins to step out.
He attacks her.
She vainly attempts to fight him off.
Later  Annie s husband finally arrives home to find her  dead from carbon monoxide poisoning caused from her still running car and the hitchhiker s sign around her neck.
He spots Billy still being chased.
The Creep is about to drive away.
Billy leads his pursuers.
The bullies move in to pummel him only to learn and devour the thugs one.
He rides.
The bulb they smashed was not the first one Billy had ordered  as a quintet emerge from the surrounding weeds.
The spectacle is witnessed himself.
Who cackles as he drives off in his delivery truck to deliver the latest issue of Creepshow to another town.
The following text appears  Juvenile delinquency is the product of pent up frustrations  stored-up resentments and bottled-up fears.
It is not the product.
But the comics are a handy  obvious  uncomplicated scapegoat.
They might discover.
The adults who crusade would only get as steamed up over such basic causes of delinquency as parental ignorance  indifference  and cruelty.
Comic books are no more a menace or Jack the Giant Killer.
Colliers magazine.
<EOS>
Steve  Larry  and Rip are part.
They decide to celebrate.
They stumble.
When the trio and their girlfriends take a leisure trip.
Blood-chilling screams lead the group.
Where they gradually discover the horrors causing it.
Now the Zero Boys  armed  must do.
What comes best - destroy the enemy.
<EOS>
Fascinated and obsessed with the theories of Russian film pioneer Dziga Vertov  a filmmaker decides to get a camera eye to replace the real eye.
He lost.
This visionary quest begins.
Where a surgeon grafts a prototype ocular implant.
Seeking a microscopic camera  the filmmaker explores the futuristic technology  while revisiting chapters.
Could be incorporated so he could secretly film whatever he sees.
Could make this possible.
<EOS>
Vijay  having grown up  has no interest in marriage.
His goal is to enjoy his youth as much.
His father  distraught  seeks to marry him off to make him more responsible.
His insistence makes.
Vijay agree.
His father picks Priya.
Who is his personal assistant.
She agrees plaguing her family.
Unmoved to him  Vijay opts to get out of the marriage.
The year is over.
Soon  though  he realizes her worth and wants her to come back.
But now it s her turn to say no.
<EOS>
The film tells story.
Who struggled to save her mixed race son after he joined a biker gang.
<EOS>
Arasaktchi is a routine story.
The storyline is interesting.
The manner spoils the film.
Which the vendetta takes place.
Inspired  director Maharasan spins off a tale to suit the local condition and in the process leaves behind lot of holes in the narration.
Focussed. 
The film gives you a taste of things to come.
Anandraj a lawyer is killed.
Who argues.
Arjun is a GM.
Shekar s daughter is Lara Dutta.
Who is introduced.
She comes to join her dad s hotel but only as a traineee under the macho GM.
Lara is in love with Arjun.
It s now time.
Lara s friend Karan is a campaigner.
His efforts lead.
The minister s goons bump is an eyewitness.
Arjun refuses to testify.
Lara walks out.
Charanraj pleads and lets him off.
Arjun bumps off Charanraj.
Nazar a military officer is a witness.
Nazar even postpones his heart operation.
The killer is nabbed.
Arjun now tells his story.
He is.
Nazar gives up his mission.
Next Devan takes a brief.
He too is killed.
Next is the turn.
Who comes.
The surprise element is.
Raghuvaran is the brother.
Raghuvaran s wife is the long lost sister.
Now the brother - sister sentiment comes.
Finally the story ends.
The police open fire and bystanders form a human wall and get shot.
Arjun tells TV crew.
His mission has spread.
<EOS>
Thomas Edwards invents.
An anti-gravity device called the Contragrav  which is sought.
Pilot Bob Raymond comes  using another of Edwards  inventions  the superplane The Phantom.
<EOS>
Heinrich Harrer and his pregnant wife Ingrid are being driven on an expedition to Nanga Parbat in the Himalayas.
Harrer  Aufschnaiter  and the expedition group arrive and begin climbing the mountain.
Aufschnaiter orders.
The group to retreat back  despite Harrer s determination to reach the summit.
They learn.
Britain has declared war  so they are arrested by British Indian authorities and taken by truck to Dehra Dun prison camp.
Ingrid writes to Harrer.
Aufschnaiter manages to steal a British uniform and several of the prisoners escape.
The members go separate ways  with Harrer heading for northern India.
The rest  apart from Aufschnaiter  have been recaptured.
Aufschnaiter plans to travel to find work.
They cross the border and set out east  but are intercepted by two men on horseback.
Who tell them that foreigners are strictly forbidden from the 13th Dalai Lama.
They are brought back.
They escape and climb up the Qinghai-Tibetan Plateau.
Harrer and Aufschnaiter join pilgrims traveling  covering their faces to avoid recognition as foreigners.
Kungo Tsarong invites them to stay.
When they try to steal food.
A Tibetan tailor named   Aufschnaiter wins her over and subsequently marries her.
Pema Lhaki arrives to measure the two men.
Both Aufschnaiter and Harrer take interest.
The foreigners are observed by the young Dalai Lama from the nearby Potala Palace.
The Tibetan regent  Ngawang Jigme   visits the Chinese embassy in the city and tells the officials there to stop subsidizing the monasteries.
A Chinese official offers to bribe Ngawang Jigme.
He refuses.
The Dalai Lama s mother instructs Harrer.
When meeting the Dalai Lama.
Harrer enters the interior halls.
Harrer begins tutoring the Dalai Lama in world geography and the ways of the west.
A Tibetan turns.
Harrer and Afschnaiter are attending a party.
A Chinese announcer proclaims.
They plan to invade Tibet.
The regent issues an order to banish all Chinese people from Tibet.
That night  the Dalai Lama has a prophetic nightmare in Taktser  his birthplace  with monasteries being burnt down.
Three Chinese generals fly to Lhasa to speak  but they are visibly contemptuous of him.
The leader tells Ngawang Jigme.
Religion is poison.
The Dalai Lama sends Ngawang Jigme to lead the Tibetan army to halt a Chinese advance.
Ngawang Jigme surrenders and then blows up the Tibetan ammunitions dump.
Which hundreds are slaughtered by better equipped and trained Chinese troops.
Kungo Tsarong tells Harrer.
If Jigme had not destroyed the weapons supply  Tibetan guerillas could have held the mountain passes  buying time to appeal.
Harrer visits Ngawang Jigme to menace him.
The Chinese take control.
The Dalai Lama  now fifteen years old  is formally enthroned.
Harrer pays a final visit and prays with him.
Harrer bids farewell and returns to Austria in 1951 to visit his son Rolf  now a young boy.
His son refused to meet.
Harrer left the music box.
Was given when he departed Tibet.
Harrer and Rolf are seen mountain-climbing  suggested his relationship.
He did mend.
The film ends.
List figures that quantify the death and destruction.
Harrer kept a good relationship.
He fled to India.
<EOS>
Lil Abner becomes convinced.
He is going to die.
Agrees to marry two different girls  Daisy Mae and Wendy Wilecat.
It is all settled.
<EOS>
Long ago named and is telling the audience about the story of Thumbelina.
Jacquimo is flying.
A lonely woman longs.
One day  a good witch gives her a barley corn  and the next day the flower blooms  revealing a little girl no bigger than her thumb.
The woman names her Thumbelina.
Thumbelina spends time  but is worried.
There is no one around  that is her own size.
One night  her mother tells her a story.
Thumbelina imagines.
Someday she will be able to find someone to love.
Prince Cornelius flies by her windowsill and is enchanted by her.
She is humming.
The two take a ride.
Which they fall.
A toad named.
Grundel sees Thumbelina and declares that he loves her.
Cornelius returns Thumbelina and promises to come back for her the next day.
Thumbelina goes to sleep  and is kidnapped by Mrs Toad despite Hero the dog s attempt to stop her.
He leaves.
The next morning  Cornelius has learned from Hero and sets off to find her.
Meanwhile  Thumbelina is far away from home.
Mrs Toad declares and sings.
Thumbelina will join their family singing troupe Singers de Espana.
Thumbelina will also marry Grundel.
The group leaves her.
Thumbelina s cries are heard by Jacquimo.
Who helps her free and  with the help of a couple of fish and the jitterbugs  a waterfall  and encourages her to follow her heart and find her way home to her mother.
Jacquimo himself promises to find Cornelius.
Who lives and is a friend of Jacquimo s.
They watch Cornelius fly off.
When Cornelius  parents  King Colbert and Queen Tabitha hear.
He asks them to hold back the approaching winter to give him time to find her  worrying that they ca nt keep winter.
Meanwhile  Grundel learns.
Thumbelina has escaped and has gone to marry Cornelius  and becomes so enraged that he angrily tosses them up into the air and goes off to find Thumbelina.
Thumbelina almost reaches home.
She is stopped.
Who becomes smitten and wants her to join his act at the Beetle Ball.
Thumbelina is forced to perform  but at the end is kicked out for being too ugly.
Jacquimo discovers her afterwards and assures her that Cornelius s opinion is all that she needs.
The next day  searching  Jacquimo seeks help from a fleeing rabbit and its pursuer  a fox.
The fox angrily shoves him out  driving a thorn straight through his wing and wounding him severely.
Grundel   tracks down Beetle.
Who is also searching.
Who suggests that they try and find Cornelius - whose relationship is known to them - with the goal of using him as bait for a trap.
But Grundel forces him to help find Thumbelina.
Beetle becomes enraged and threatens Grundel Listen  pal  this harassment has gone far enough.
I know my rights.
Only get strangled by Grundel.
Beetle finally cooperates and takes his friends to help him.
The bear only responds.
When Jacquimo is trying to ask.
I do nt want no berries.
This makes it even more difficult.
Who ends up and is accidentally thrown out by the bear  who resumes sleeping.
The cold winter frost arrives.
He becomes too weak to fly.
He is blown.
The falling snow also causes Cornelius to fall into a pond.
Where he is frozen.
Beetle eventually finds Cornelius and cuts.
Which he is trapped.
Thumbelina takes shelter from the winter frost in a shoe.
She is rescued.
Who tells her that she has heard that Cornelius is dead.
Miss Fieldmouse convinces a heartbroken Thumbelina to join her to visit Mr Mole.
Where Thumbelina is asked to sing.
They take a walk.
Where Thumbelina discovers the unconscious Jacquimo  who appears to be dead.
Mr Mole also tells Miss Fieldmouse.
He would like to marry Thumbelina.
She agrees to convince Thumbelina.
It would be.
Grundel learns and takes Beetle  allowing the three young jitterbug children.
Thumbelina is to marry Mr Mole and abandons the frozen Cornelius.
Thumbelina befriended to light a fire to melt the ice that has trapped Cornelius.
Thumbelina sneaks out.
Marrying Mr Mole might be her best available option.
Thumbelina removes the thorn.
Jacquimo still ventures off to find Cornelius and the Vale.
She explains that Cornelius is dead.
Believing  Thumbelina decides to marry Mr Mole.
She can not return home now.
However   she responds.
When Thumbelina is prompted at the wedding ceremony.
She can not marry Mr Mole  since she does not truly love him.
Grundel and Beetle crash the ceremony.
Results. 
However  Cornelius and the jitterbug children arrive to stop them and Cornelius engages Grundel.
Cornelius is unable to defeat Grundel.
The battle eventually culminates.
Thumbelina manages to scare her panicking pursuers.
She escapes.
Where she is found.
They fly there.
Thumbelina remains skeptical due having covered the Vale.
Thumbelina sings.
The ice thaws and Cornelius   appears to be reunited.
Who survived the fall and is still.
Cornelius proposes.
Thumbelina accepts  the pair kiss and Thumbelina becomes a Fairy.
The wedding is celebrated in attendance  And  of course  they lived happily ever after.
Before Jacquimo closes the story.
Screenshots reveal  Grundel  too  survived the fall with a broken leg and fell in love with a female toad  Mr Mole married Miss Fieldmouse.
Beetle resumed his normal  popstar life and got his wings back.
The rabbit and fox Jacquimo tried to ask.
Help ultimately found friendship.
<EOS>
James and Mollie   Mikey and Julie to bed  again have sex in their bedroom.
She tries to refuse.
Her husband charms his way.
Meanwhile outside  a pair  having come from a night out are about to part ways.
But the male dog  Trooper  instead cons the female dog  Princess  with him.
He lies and says that he is going to be fixed the next day.
The screen changes.
The owners discover.
She has given birth and decide simply to put the dogs up.
A few days afterwards  a young cross bred puppy is up.
We can hear him talking.
He sees Mikey passing and begs him to take him home.
He however has to hurry past.
Two harsh looking individuals buy the puppy.
He manages to escape them and starts his life.
James is a private air pilot working.
Who we see has a crush and is always trying to extend the trips to spend more time with him.
Mikey tells Santa.
He wants a dog.
James feels.
The time has come to give him the present he has always wished and tells Samantha about this.
Mollie is a top accountant at her firm.
She is suddenly laid off for the firm to save money.
Her salary is so high.
Unable to acquire a decent job  Mollie gets one.
Mikey discovers to his horror and becomes upset with disbelief.
Santa Claus is a fake.
One day caught and taken to a kennel.
The dog gets.
Where several other dogs are kept.
He is about to be put to sleep.
James brings Mikey there to select a dog.
Overjoyed  Mikey bumps.
He saw.
Soon James and Mikey get home.
Mikey has named Rocks  only to see that Samantha is.
Who is highly trained.
She wants James to have her.
Mollie is angry.
When she discovers that James has gone and gotten a dog without discussing it with her.
The two have a brief argument.
James does not want to offend Samantha  the two realize.
They are stuck.
James compromises.
Whichever dog behaves better will stay while the other will be gotten rid.
Mikey and Rocks  along  begin a small series of sibling squabbles.
Irritate each child and their dog.
Rocks   breaks the line.
Who had been getting threats to be back out on the streets for eating her expensive shoes and peeing all over the floor.
Playing fetch.
Daphne goes.
Sets Rocks up.
Later that night  the dogs sneak out and have a night.
When Mollie is sleeping.
Daphne begins to stop being so arrogant and learns to enjoy herself and have fun.
She also begins to see Rocks and soon falls in love with him.
He feels the same.
She throws a fit screaming.
When Mollie discovers her chewed up shoes.
You are out.
Daphne later apologizes to Rocks.
Being shut out.
It is discovered.
He does nt understand their attempts to train him to sit  lie down  beg  or any a dog is taught.
Daphne proceeds to teach him the simple tricks.
His family has been trying to do so.
Mollie realizes.
Daphne misses Rocks and talks how someone can grow on you.
You ca nt live without them.
Meanwhile  James and Samantha go on Christmas Eve during a strong snowstorm.
He fails to discover and stranded.
This is an elaborate setup to get them alone.
She sends her driver away keeping James.
She unplugs the phone and fax machine and plants a phony fax sheet clarifying.
He would not arrive.
Realizing  James silently agrees to stay  giving Samantha the satisfaction.
He would possibly freeze.
Her setup was working.
Mollie begins to suspect.
Her partner was with his wife and family for the weekend  but is convinced by her mother.
James loves her and would never cheat.
She calls.
Back and delivery service manages to get the cabin s address.
She gathers the children and the gifts to take Christmas.
The family suffers a car accident.
When it slides below the highway.
A wolf appears and prepares to attack Mollie.
She gets out.
Rocks rolls down the window and faces the wolf  attacking and scaring him away.
He and Daphne decide to split up to get the family help.
He sends her to find help.
He follows James  scent.
She finds a forest ranger  and calls the squad.
Daphne straightens out the difference.
James looks up and discovers.
Instructing Samantha to dance under firelight.
The phone line has been pulled.
He finally catches on  dropping her promptly onto the floor.
Rocks appears.
She tells James he deserves better.
She continues to threaten him  stating.
He wo nt find another decent job.
Her voice is cut off though.
Rocks urinates all.
Mollie and the kids are no longer.
Rocks defends James.
There are the sounds and a dog s yelping  presumably Rocks.
The attack happens off screen.
Back  Mikey is looking out the window.
He thinks.
He sees Santa hiking up the path.
All are surprised.
When James comes.
He explains.
He was attacked.
Rocks came  leading Mikey and Daphne to believe sadly.
He had been killed.
James brings.
Has been crushed.
Rocks appears.
All is well again  apparently the sound was.
What drove the wolves off.
Neither were hurt.
Rocks is obeying every command that comes out.
He stays.
They are one big happy family again.
Daphne chooses Rocks.
The ranger chimes in and states.
He s picking up a weird transmission.
He turns.
The dial and Santa s voice is made.
<EOS>
On board a space ship  two aliens race to keep an experiment from being released by a third member of the crew.
The seemingly possessed third alien shoots the canister.
Where it crashes.
Nearby  a college man takes his date.
When they see a falling star and investigate.
Unfortunately  it lands.
The boy finds the canister.
His date is attacked.
Which a small leech-like thing jumps.
28 years later  Chris Romero is pining  being supported by his handicapped friend J.
C.
Chris spots a girl  Cynthia Cronenberg  and seems to fall instantly in love.
To get her attention  he decides.
He must join a fraternity.
They must steal a cadaver from the university medical center and place it on the steps of the Phi Omega Gamma house.
Chris and J.
C.
Find one.
That is being kept  but when it grabs one of their arms.
They try to move it.
Meanwhile  Detective Ray Cameron  a cop  is called.
Dated the girl killed back and is haunted by the memories of what he found that night.
Where there were two bodies.
One is now missing.
The missing body is the one released - the same boy.
Who found the alien experiment back.
This missing body makes its way back.
Where he picked up his date 27 years earlier.
The walking corpse comes.
Where his head splits open and more out and slither across the ground.
Called  Ray finds the body with a large open wound in the face  similar to one.
Could have been made.
The next day  Chris and J.
C.
Are confronted  upset over the fact.
They believe they are responsible.
They are then taken in for questioning by the police.
Witnessed them running out  screaming like banshees.
That night  the attendant found dead gets up and runs into the same janitor.
Cynthia confesses it.
The dead and buried cat comes back.
C.
And goes.
Both are skeptical about them being zombies  J.
C.
Sees. 
She is leaning  and leaves the two alone to go to the bathroom  where the now-possessed janitor enters and lets loose more of the slugs.
He runs.
Chris walks Cynthia back.
Who has overheard the entire story.
Back  the two talk about their high school sweethearts.
Ray s story is more elaborate.
He became a cop and.
He was called out.
Where she had been hacked up.
He goes on to tell.
He tracked down the escaped patient  killed him and buried him.
Just then  Ray gets a call.
Where the House Mother has been hacked up by the axe-wielding corpse that broke in through the floor.
The killer is finally tracked down and cornered.
Numerous gunshots have no effect.
Cameron then takes his shotgun and blows its head off.
Releases more.
The next night  everyone is getting ready J.
When Chris notices a tape recorder on which.
C.
Has recorded a posthumous message  telling him  that heat can destroy them.
One has incubated in his brain and that he had discovered  after lighting one with a match.
Chris then runs.
Where his friend has told him he was headed to kill those inside him.
Chris then shows up.
Ray has sealed up.
He fills him.
He takes Chris to a police armory to get a flamethrower.
They come.
As Cynthia is breaking up.
The Delta fraternity brothers show up - despite having been killed in a bus crash.
Cameron does likewise inside.
Chris and Cynthia team up and flamethrower to destroy the dead outside.
Chris spots more slugs racing across the ground.
Are headed.
Cynthia remembers.
This is where specimen brains are being kept.
They find Cameron  tape  prepping a can of gasoline.
When they go down below.
They also find.
The creatures gathered in the corner.
Cameron begins counting down.
He splashes gasoline everywhere.
Cynthia and Chris turn and run  counting down in sync with Cameron.
Cameron fills the basement and just as some of the parasites leap at him  he flicks his lighter.
The house goes up.
Watching  Chris and Cynthia share a kiss.
The sorority house burn.
The scene ends.
When the dog that caused the bus accident returns  opens its mouth.
A slug jumps out.
NIGHT.
<EOS>
John Brown is a security guard.
He is the legal guardian.
They have a dog named Brain.
He hopes to be a police officer  but is denied by Chief Quimby.
The multi-millionaire tycoon Sandford Scolex attacks the lab  stealing valuable equipment - a cybernetics experiment run by Brenda and her father - and murdering Brenda s father Artemus in the process.
John   chases after the car.
Who is smitten.
The ensuing car crash brings a confrontation.
Who uses a victory cigar explosive to blow up John and his beloved Chevette.
However  a bowling ball flies into the air and through the sunroof of Scolex s limo  crushing his left hand.
John is rushed by Brenda.
John is revived and rebuilt using electronic parts and is dubbed Inspector Gadget.
He is assigned with many community service jobs  such as crossing guard  litter patrol  and rescuing kittens.
Meanwhile  Scolex s assistant Kramer builds a new  mechanical claw to replace his hand.
Scolex nicknames himself Claw.
His face is visible.
He then tries using the stolen equipment to move a robot  but fails.
He has him put it.
When his henchman Sykes calls it a lemon.
But this fails too.
He concludes.
He needs Brenda s help.
He hires her  and is amused to discover.
John is the lucky duck they plucked.
Later  he gets a copy and inserts it into the earlier robot.
Kramer makes to look.
Scolex names it RoboGadget.
John investigates Scolex.
He overlooks an audio one and is captured.
Gadget sees a moisture alarm.
Claw takes his control chip and destroys it  leaving him dead.
He then sends RoboGadget to destroy the city.
Brenda discovers.
Sykes dumps Gadget s body.
Scolex murdered her father.
She and Penny race to save John.
They discover them.
He miraculously returns to life  showing.
Even though he is part machine  he still has a human heart.
John battles RoboGadget on the Roberto Clemente Bridge.
RoboGadget   quite literally loses his head.
He tosses it.
Activating the Gadget Chopper  he flies.
Where Scolex prepares to make his escape when Gadget comes around.
Gadget is lifted  he launches the inside of a pen into the helicopter s cockpit  hitting the close button on Claw s claw and crushing the joystick.
Brenda and John crash below.
Where police await to arrest him.
Claw and his cat try to escape  but is caged.
A confused Sykes  brought by Penny  confesses alongside her.
RoboGadget was impersonating the real Gadget.
John is made a hero and earns Chief Quimby s respect.
Scolex yells out  Arrivederci  Gadget.
Brenda and Gadget walk away.
I ll get you.
The credits show RoboBrenda doing a crazed aerobics class  the headless RoboGadget running  Sykes being congratulated at a minion recovery group  Penny speaking to Brain  and the Gadgetmobile s computer screen thanking the audience for watching his movie.
Though they called it Inspector Gadget.
He says.
Things are working out  whom he married at a drive-thru chapel.
He s also expecting a sub-compact   I m going.
He s thinking.
He s sure the little one will say.
Lastly  he asks everyone not to leave the theater just yet.
All the people make him look good.
<EOS>
Veteran assassin Mark Shields is hired to track down the head.
Shields takes the assignment.
He is fresh.
Meanwhile  Javier Salazar  the head.
Shields is assigned to.
Salazar hands over his position.
Pelon takes charge.
Shields recruits Wire  an old friend  to help.
Pelon is leaving one.
When he is attacked not only.
A different group set up.
A shootout ensues  ending.
Shields aborts the operation.
Wire is kidnapped.
Pelon sees Padre Antonio.
Then he goes to talk.
Who tells his nephew that their operation wo nt ever be if the Americans simply keep taking out the leaders.
Salazar believes.
Someone will always be there to take the seat.
Shields is mugged but is found.
Who takes him.
Shields stays.
He recovers  then leaves.
He later finds out.
Wire was tortured and killed.
Pelon is attacked once more  and is kidnapped.
Shields takes Pelon.
It is revealed.
Salazar hired Shields and set up an elaborate twist.
Shields leaves but gives his pay.
Shields realizes.
He was shot sometime when he was kidnapping Pelon.
He slowly lays down and dies.
<EOS>
Chandralekha  an orthodox Brahmin girl  falls.
Whereas  Salima loves Rahim.
Mustafa  Rahim s brother  and Jamal  Salima s brother  agreed to engage Salima and Rahim.
Their families discover the love and do nt accept it.
Meanwhile  the lovers try to run away  but are caught by militants in the forest.
They are rescued by the police and brought safely to the village.
Jamal  upset  kills Chandralekha and Rahim.
Her sister has gone mad.
Then  the police kills Jamal.
The message is.
Love should be.
<EOS>
Detachment are called on by the CIA to investigate alleged black magic in the jungles of Cambodia.
Cliff is caught and subjected to brutal torture at the hands of the enemy.
Pain  then  at the height of his agony  Cliff is mysteriously transported to another world  an alternate reality of fondest desires.
Forged  perhaps  or maybe a result of the very magic.
He had been sent to observe.
Either way  Cliff s terror has not ended  it is only begun.
A fine-print provision can still claim him.
Cliff Marquette can beat the odds one more time.
Manage to cheat fate.
It will take his wits.
And it will require a gun.
<EOS>
A woman and man decide to go.
Who met.
He meets her.
They go.
They come and decide to go in.
Once  the woman becomes frightened.
He calms her and persuades her to enter a crypt.
A strange man watches the couple.
The man and woman make love.
A clown places some flowers and leaves.
An old woman closes the cemetery gates.
Night has fallen.
When the couple finally exit the crypt.
They can not find their way.
They begin to panic.
They discover a small building  inside are several child-sized coffins inside.
The woman becomes hysterical  and exhibits bizarre behaviour and radical personality changes.
She locks her lover.
He suffocates.
Dawn finds the woman dancing.
Later she re-enters the crypt.
The old woman reopens the cemetery gates.
Finding the crypt open  she seals the door and puts flowers.
<EOS>
C.
R.
Mac MacNamara is a high-ranking executive  assigned to West Berlin after a business fiasco a few years earlier in the Middle East.
Nevertheless  Mac is angling to become head  based in London.
Mac receives a call from his boss  W.
P.
Hazeltine.
Scarlett Hazeltine  the boss s hot-blooded 17-year-old socialite daughter  is coming.
Mac receives the unenviable task.
An expected two-week stay develops.
Mac discovers -- she surprises him.
Why Scarlett is enamored.
She s married.
The socialite couple are bound to make a new life for themselves.
Scarlett is pregnant.
He finds.
His only chance is to turn Otto.
The Hazeltines approve of their new son-in-law -LRB- upon.
To celebrate his promotion  offers to buy his family a Coke.
Ironically   he realizes upon inspection.
The final bottle he takes is actually.
<EOS>
It is winter break for Bonnie.
Who is going with her family for a week.
The toys are excited to have a week.
Barbie and Ken reveal themselves to have stowed away  hoping to join her in Hawaii.
Bonnie leaves them  much to Ken s horror.
When he realizes they are not going.
Barbie reveals to Woody.
Ken planned to have their first kiss to go all out and recreate Hawaii for the two.
Ken and Barbie share their first kiss in the snow at sunrise  recreating the scene from the brochure.
However  the two step off the edge without realizing it and end up buried in snow  a post-credits scene shows the other toys trying to free them from a block of ice.
Which they are now frozen.
<EOS>
Jimeoin   plays a man obsessed with becoming famous.
He is passionate  but unfortunately he just is nt very talented.
He finally finds employment as an extra.
Is his misadventures.
What follows.
He becomes involved.
<EOS>
The film is set.
Is a silent village.
The film develops.
Mano Majra incidentally was the original title upon its release in.
<EOS>
Indiana  seventeen-year-old Robert Gartland loves his school s basketball team  the Riverton Giants.
His best friend  Matt Morrison  is the star.
Things do not go as planned.
When Matt makes Robert take part.
Robert faces the challenge.
High school basketball is a way of life.
This fanaticism serves.
Explores peer pressure  perspective and the difference.
Gar believes.
Matt can do no wrong.
Gar finds himself falling with Bridgette  an outsider.
He supports and encourages his best friend s antics.
Who does not embrace the celebrity status given basketball players.
Gar comes to terms with his false belief  and gains a new level of awareness about himself and his hometown.
<EOS>
A young woman is confronted.
Who has just been offered her first leading role.
The dialog begins in memory  and then climaxes in an apparitional experience with the specter of her own  repressed  precocious youth.
<EOS>
King Acrisius imprisons his daughter Danae  jealous of her beauty.
Acrisius sends his daughter and his newborn grandson Perseus.
When the god Zeus impregnates her.
Zeus kills Acrisius and orders Poseidon  to release a gigantic sea monster called the Kraken to destroy Argos.
Meanwhile  Danae and Perseus safely float.
Where Perseus grows to adulthood.
Calibos  son  is a young man engaged to marry Princess Andromeda  the daughter of Queen Cassiopeia and heir to the rich city of Joppa  but has destroyed Zeus s sacred flying horses.
To punish him  Zeus transforms Calibos.
He is exiled.
Thetis transports Perseus from Seriphos to Joppa  and can not marry.
Where he learns that Andromeda is.
Her suitor successfully answers a riddle  whose failures are burned.
Perseus  wearing a helmet  captures Pegasus and follows Andromeda to learn a new riddle.
Renders its wearer invisible.
Perseus is nearly killed but escapes  losing his helmet in the process.
Perseus presents himself and correctly answers the riddle  presenting the severed hand of Calibos.
Perseus wins Andromeda s hand.
Calibos  finding  instead demands.
Thetis can not act.
She take vengeance.
Queen Cassiopeia compares Andromeda s beauty to that of Thetis herself  whereupon Thetis demands Andromeda be sacrificed to the Kraken on pain of Joppa s destruction.
Perseus seeks a way to defeat the Kraken.
Pegasus is captured.
Zeus commands Athena to give Perseus her owl Bubo.
She orders Hephaestus to build a mechanical replica instead.
Who leads Perseus.
Forces them to reveal the Gorgon.
The only way to defeat the Kraken is.
Who lives at the edge of the Underworld.
There  Perseus kills Medusa s canine guardian Dioskilos.
Who slays one  whereas two others die on encounter with Medusa herself.
Perseus uses the reflective underside  decapitates her  and collects her head.
The shield is dissolved.
Calibos enters their camp and punctures the cloak carrying Medusa s head  causing her blood to produce giant scorpions.
Perseus and his party set to return.
Most are killed.
Perseus slays the last scorpion and thereafter kills Calibos.
Weakened  Perseus sends Bubo to bring Pegasus  this Bubo does  and later diverts the Kraken.
Perseus appears.
Bubo and Perseus use Medusa s head to turn the Kraken into stone  and free Andromeda.
The gods predict.
Perseus and Andromeda will live happily  rule wisely  and produce children.
Zeus forbids the other gods to pursue vengeance.
The likenesses appear as constellations.
<EOS>
Kamlesh receives a shock and does nt speak.
Her husband Raj is murdered.
The cause is.
She indeed witnessed her husband s murder.
Who did murder Raj.
<EOS>
The film deals with admired family.
The film has received negative reviews.
<EOS>
Rose Elliot  a poet living alone  finds.
An ancient book called The Three Mothers.
It tells.
Who rule the world.
The book  written  reveals.
The three dwell.
Rose suspects.
She is living and writes to her brother Mark in Rome  urging him to visit her.
Using clues  Rose searches the cellar of her building and discovers a hole in the floor.
Leads. 
She accidentally drops her keys and enters the water to find them.
A putrid corpse suddenly rises from the depths  frightening her.
Mark attempts to read Rose s letter during class.
He is distracted.
Who leaves suddenly.
His friend Sara picks up the letter  and later reads it.
Horrified  she takes a taxi to a library and finds a copy of The Three Mothers.
Sara is attacked.
Who recognizes the book.
She throws the book and escapes.
She seeks.
The company are stabbed to death by a gloved killer.
Mark discovers the bodies and two torn fragments.
He walks out and sees a taxi slowly driving by.
The police arrive.
Is the music student  staring at him intently again.
Mark telephones Rose but is unable to hear her clearly.
He promises to visit.
Before the connection fails.
Rose sees two shadowy figures preparing to enter her apartment.
She leaves  but is followed.
She is grabbed and brutally murdered.
Arriving  Mark meets some residents of Rose s building  including a nurse.
Who cares.
Mark learns.
Rose has disappeared.
Mark follows the stains.
The two find blood.
He becomes ill and falls unconscious.
Elise sees a black-robed figure dragging Mark away.
The figure suddenly stops and gives chase.
The figure stabs her.
Mark staggers.
Where the nurse and caretaker put him.
Mark asks Kazanian  the antique dealer.
Who sold Rose The Three Mothers.
However  the man provides no information.
That night  Kazanian drowns several cats and falls into the water.
Hundreds  gnawing his flesh.
A hot dog vendor hears.
Kazanian s cries and rushes over.
The man kills Kazanian.
Carol  the caretaker  discovers the corpse.
Shocked  she drops a lit candle.
Starts a fire.
Attempting to put out the flames  she becomes entangled and falls from a window to her death.
Mark uses.
A clue is a secret crawl space.
He follows hidden passages.
Where he finds Professor Arnold who reveals   that he is in fact Varelli.
He tries to kill Mark.
Varelli s neck is caught in his vocal apparatus  choking him.
Mark frees him  only to be told.
Now you are being watched.
Mark follows a shadowy figure.
Where he finds Varelli s nurse.
Laughing maniacally  she reveals.
She is Mater Tenebrarum.
She suddenly transforms.
However  the fire enables Mark s escape.
Has consumed much.
Debris crashes down  destroying her.
<EOS>
Emperor Chandragupta Maurya is taking a sanyasa.
His grandson  prince Asoka  claims his grandfather s sword.
The Emperor explains.
The sword is a demon that  whenever unsheathed  craves blood.
A few years later  Prince Asoka  now a brave youth  is battling the chief.
He figures.
His half-brother Susima has deliberately withheld reinforcements  but defeats the enemy nevertheless.
Asoka s mother  Queen Dharma  compels the prince to leave the kingdom to lead the life.
The prince is disappointed  but leaves.
He meets a lovely maiden Kaurwaki and falls in love with her.
Soldiers are chasing her and her little brother Arya.
They are along with their faithful general Bheema.
Asoka introduces himself as Pawan  hiding his true identity.
Kaurwaki and Arya are the princess and prince.
Who fled when the Prime Minister assassinated their parents.
Asoka and Kaurwaki get.
Married but Asoka receives word that his mother is unwell.
He rushes back only to find.
His mother is perfectly fine and is.
The King dispatches Asoka to quell a rebellion.
Asoka obeys but first returns to find Kaurwaki.
Unable to find her  and not knowing  he is informed.
She has gone.
They were slaughtered.
A heartbroken Asoka attempts suicide  but is saved.
Who swears to protect him.
Mad and anger  Asoka embarks on a violent campaign of conquest to seek death.
Susima sends soldiers to assassinate him.
Asoka is saved and taken to a Buddhist monastery to recover.
There  he meets a Buddhist maiden  Devi.
Who cares.
Asoka marries Devi and returns to Magadha.
Susima and his brothers are wild to eliminate Asoka.
Queen Dharma is killed instead.
Angered  Asoka kills Susima and is anointed Emperor.
A few months later  Princess Kaurwaki and Prince Arya return with Bheema and have the Prime Minister executed for treason.
Asoka declares war  Kaurwaki still does not know.
Asoka is Pawan.
They prepare.
A terrible war is fought.
The Magadha army inflicts a cruel defeat.
Not content.
Bheema is slain.
Kaurwaki is wounded.
Asoka later visits the battlefield.
Where he discovers his horse  who was supposed to be.
He frantically searches for Kaurwaki and finds her.
They have a heart-to-heart talk.
He apologizes deeply.
He is interrupted.
Who is dying.
Asoka suddenly realizes.
His enemies  his family  and even Arya  are all dead  because.
His grandfather s advice had been right.
The film ends.
His grandfather had thrown it.
The final narrative describes.
Asoka not only built a large empire  but spread Buddhism and the winds through it.
<EOS>
Diamond Jim Brady is born in 1856  but is soon orphaned.
Working as baggage master at the Spuyten Duyvil train station  he rents a suit and a diamond from a pawn shop  and gets a job as a salesman  soon  he is the top salesman on the staff.
Brady rescues Mr Fox.
They are forced to jump from the train.
Brady soon discovers  so he takes.
Mr Fox is trying to sell something called an undertruck to be used.
Brady wants to marry his sweetheart  Emma Perry.
Finds out.
She is engaged.
Heartbroken  he devotes all to the Brady-Fox Company.
A grand success  Brady has ostentatious diamond jewelry designed  leading to his nickname  Diamond Jim Brady.
Brady spares no expense to indulge his every whim  lavishing money  women  song and especially food.
Brady sees singer Lillian Russell perform  introduces himself  and soon he is promoting her career and flirting.
Russell  however  is.
Brady soon meets Jane Matthews  a lookalike  and is instantly smitten with her.
They become engaged  but  Brady gets drunk because of his suspicions about Jane s relationship with a banker named Briggs.
Who is supposedly her uncle.
The wedding is called off.
Jane remains his friend  but refuses to give - for one thing  she has fallen in love with Jerry.
Neither want to tell Brady.
Brady loses his fortune  and starts again  promoting a steel railroad car for its supposed safety.
When the stock market crashes.
He is injured  and spends a year recovering in the hospital.
Rebuilding his fortune.
He plans a trip  Jane  Lillian and Jerry.
When he gets out.
Which he believe he will finally get Jane to marry him.
Instead  Jane and Jerry confess their love.
The news of which shatters Jim.
He proposes to Lillian.
She rejects him as well.
Despondent  he returns home and prepares to eat himself.
O.
U.
S. 
<EOS>
Murthy earns his living taking the blame.
The jail is his second home.
Dhanushkodi has sworn to kill ex-collector Ramanathan s son.
So  Ramanathan has transferred his son Santosh while telling the world.
He has run away.
Wishing to save his son forever  he hires Murthy to act  hoping.
Dhanushkodi would kill him.
Murthy too accepts the gig.
His lover Preeti is Ramanathan s niece.
Santhosh supports Dhanushkodi for killing his father  But Dhanushkodi kills Santhosh.
The film ends taking the blame for killing Santhosh and surrenders himself to police.
<EOS>
Marie  an aspiring track star to the European Championships  suffers a devastating setback.
When she is diagnosed and forced to rest.
To pass the time  Marie moves.
Who lives.
The apartment s previous tenant mysteriously disappeared.
Marie delves deeper  growing suspicious of her loving boyfriend and ritzy building.
Bobby dismisses her theories and fears.
Whose long-hidden secrets have nightmarish consequences.
<EOS>
They pulled.
Robbie McCleary takes them to discover the large surplus of money mysteriously appearing.
The girls reluctantly get involved and unwittingly become the local celebrities of the town  something.
Causes a problem when their fame attracts attention.
The people affected begin to catch up with them.
<EOS>
The film opens somewhere with two pirate ships fighting.
The prince  Alexander  is captured by Robert the Terrible  his ruthless uncle.
The other pirates search the ship but miss her hiding spot and leave.
She sends a device  a Helpseeker  to find heroes to save Alexander.
When Eloise and her butler Willory emerge.
Her father made.
It evades the pirates and jumps into the sea.
The film jumps.
Where George  Sedgewick  and Elliot are working.
Sedgewick   has invented a remote-controlled toy truck to help him do things.
Who is very lazy.
He refuses to make the effort himself.
Elliot has a list.
He s afraid.
He says.
When his girlfriend Bernadette asks him to get the barbecue sauce.
The back room is dark and therefore.
George   does  his children  George Jr and Lucy  idolize the star.
Who lacks.
What everyone tells him.
Elliot  Sedgewick  and George want to be seen by their loved ones.
They think.
They re only cabin boys.
Their dream is unattainable.
An old blind man appears out of nowhere  prophesying.
They are cleaning up.
An adventure awaits and that the stage is set for the heroes at hand.
Elliot thinks.
This means that if they all audition  they ll be cast.
They are fired and thrown into the alley.
Where they find the Helpseeker and are teleported.
Meeting Eloise and Willory  they set off.
Where they learn it was Robert who kidnapped the prince on the king  Robert s brother.
They also learn.
The clues to find Robert s fortress are hidden past the Rocks of Malabar.
They do find the clues there.
Sedgewick happens.
What appears to be a pool and decides to stay on the island and relax instead of pursuing Robert.
They discover.
When George and Elliot return.
Robert s men have taken their boat and captured Eloise and Willory.
They head out to follow the clues  go east.
Back  the cheese curls turn out to be alive - and vicious.
Sedgewick is attacked and   discovers.
He can do anything.
The rocks   start to surround them.
When George and Elliot get.
Are really large.
Then Sedgewick arrives  having now swum.
The rocks find the curls amusing and start to interact.
The pass opens.
One helps them get through it.
They quickly find Robert s fortress.
Is apparently unguarded.
A giant serpent attacks their ship.
George and Sedgewick are terrified.
Elliot  overcoming his fear  realizes   he is able to shut the machine down and save his friends.
The guardian is actually just a mechanical device.
When it eats him.
They rescue the prince and princess   only to be stopped by Robert.
Finding his self-respect  George uses a chandelier to knock Robert down.
They escape  with Robert in hot pursuit.
Back  Robert s ship opens fire on the heroes  but the king shows up just in time.
Robert goes down.
The king gives them medals  reminding them.
Heroes are nt necessarily strong or handsome or dashing  but in fact anyone who does what he or she knows is right no how matter hard the situation.
The Helpseeker returns them.
Robert has stowed away back and attacks Sir Frederick  mistaking him for George.
A final showdown sends him back to his own time.
The audience cheers wildly.
George s children respect him.
Offered a second chance to be  they refuse  saying.
Life has plenty  as the Helpseeker blinks once again.
<EOS>
The movie was a musical comedy  narrating the hilarious events.
Unfold a strong-willed daughter to marry a shy professor in preference to a rich suitor chosen by her father.
She poses to wriggle out of the situation  and in the pandemonium  lands in deeper trouble.
Follows. 
<EOS>
The film is the tale.
Who find themselves up.
<EOS>
The story follows a detective.
Who takes.
<EOS>
The story concerns Harvard student Alan Jensen  the point guard.
Alan is desperate to replace their home.
When his parents  house is destroyed.
He is approached.
Whose father is an organized crime boss.
Cindy convinces Alan to throw the game.
She tells Alan.
Her father is.
Actually she goes  Kelly Morgan for funding.
Is. 
What she does not know.
Carter and Morgan are undercover FBI agents.
Alan throws the game  gives his parents the money  and then undergoes a psychedelic experience.
He ingests a big dose.
There follows a long stretch.
Which morphing special effects demonstrate Alan s altered state as he is pursued.
Cindy is collared.
Alan s other girlfriend  Chesney Cort  saves the day.
When it looks.
Not only does she get Alan.
Who can bring him back.
She is.
Alan is extricated.
He gets some photographic evidence.
<EOS>
Inspector McIver asks Hugh Bulldog Drummond to give Scotland Yard a hand.
Three robberies are pulled off.
Drummond knows.
The suspected military mastermind would think.
He agrees.
He very reluctantly accepts Sergeant Helen Smith as his partner  believing that women are not cut out for that sort of undercover work.
Drummond arranges to get caught cheating at his London club.
He can drop out.
Smith causes a minor car accident.
Gunns  attraction planted evidence showing Joe Crandall and Lily Ross to be criminals.
Themselves enables the pair to infiltrate the gang.
However  Drummond s friend Algernon Longworth   becomes convinced.
Who has been kept.
All is not what it seems.
He telephones Colonel Webson  a member  to get him to postpone Drummond s disciplinary meeting.
Unfortunately  he inadvertently tips off the secret leader.
Drummond and Smith are taken prisoner.
Gunns s girlfriend Molly convinces him to go ahead.
She masquerades.
Smith to give phony information to pass along to the police regarding the target of the theft.
Afterward  Longworth is tied up as well.
The gang steals #.
Drummond is able to overpower the guard and his friends.
He knocks.
Webson shows up and holds Drummond  he explains.
He got because civilian life turned out to be unbearably boring.
However  the police arrive just and take him into custody.
<EOS>
A chronicle.
Jerusalem .
Hind Husseini comes across 55 orphaned children in the street.
She takes them home to give them food and shelter.
55 had grown to almost.
The Dar Al-Tifel Institute was born.
At the age of 5  Miral was sent to the Institute by her father following her mother s death.
Brought up  she is naive to the troubles.
Surround her.
Then   at the age of 15  she is assigned to teach at a refugee camp.
Where she is awakened.
She finds herself torn.
When she falls.
Education is the road.
<EOS>
High-powered divorce attorneys  Audrey Woods and Daniel Rafferty  have seen love gone wrong scenarios.
How bad could their chances be.
She practices law strictly  he always manages to win by the seat of his pants or by cheap theatrics.
Audrey says.
But soon they are pitted on opposite sides of a nasty public divorce between famous clients  with the case centering upon an Irish castle  named Caislean Cloiche or rock Castle.
Each future divorcee has their sights set on.
Audrey and Daniel travel to chase down depositions  yet the two lawyers   find themselves thrown together at a romantic Irish festival.
Who have been slowly developing a mutual attraction that neither wants to acknowledge.
They wake up the next morning as husband and wife.
Audrey is shocked.
Daniel seems to be all normal.
They return and find.
Their marriage news has been printed.
This is.
When Audrey decides that they should stay together to save their careers.
But they are fighting the divorce case.
They always had.
Meanwhile they both start developing mutual attraction.
Daniel discovers some sensitive information.
Disposing day.
He spills accidentally.
Audrey feels betrayed and asks.
Daniel agrees to give.
Their famous clients  meanwhile  go to their castle.
They are not legally permitted to go there.
Judge Abramovitz sends their respective counselors to inform them.
The law does not permit them to be till a proper settlement  i.
E. 
Division  is done.
But.
It turns out he performed.
The priest who performed Audrey and Daniel s marriage was just a servant.
Were just a part.
They were anything but real.
Audrey and Daniel are shocked.
Daniel returns follows him.
She realizes that she has fallen with him.
They have a court marriage.
Is carried out.
<EOS>
The story starts.
He does it.
To get there they must pass  an area of Ancient China controlled by criminals.
Then the sick man turns out to be the king and is not really sick  he is just trying to reclaim his throne from an imposter.
The king had previously murdered Ting Chung s father.
Now Ting Chung has to fight.
<EOS>
Alphonse  Steve  Dallas  Debbie  the alcoholic Daisy and the pothead Jimbo get lost and meet a stranger.
Driving a van.
The man gives the directions  and advises the group to avoid the ghost town La Sangre de Dios.
Steve recalls the Mexican legend.
Who became crazy.
The director Alphonse decides to trespass the gate and shoot the film in the local bar.
Sooner the group discovers.
Mexican legends sometimes are true.
<EOS>
Thirteen-Year-Old Anne and fifteen-year-old Frederique are two Jewish sisters.
Whose parents are separated.
They live and spend their summer holidays at the beach with their father.
Whom they both feel awkward.
They attend a strict school.
Anne is  and not much of an achiever and.
She tries to find out.
What is going on by eavesdropping on her mother and sister.
Her school grades are terrible.
She has to deal  on one occasion she is caught plagiarising an essay.
Her sister wrote a year before.
She also has her first period and is learning to talk  and to sort things out with her mom after getting in trouble.
Frederique is much more outgoing.
Is starting to become politically involved  especially and banning the bomb.
She has a crush  and is beginning to feel the first serious pangs of love.
She also experiences her first friend  and her first loss.
Who runs away.
<EOS>
Humphrey and Kate are two wolves.
Kate  daughter  is herself an Alpha and takes her duty to the pack seriously.
Humphrey   is an Omega wolf  the lowest of the pack  and spends his days making fun with his other Omega friends.
Humphrey falls in love with Kate and is valued in the pack as a peacemaker by virtue of his affable nature.
Kate left to begin Alpha school with her father.
She returns.
Two members of the Eastern pack cross into Western pack territory due to the lack of caribou in their own land.
The hunt is ruined.
The packs are nearly with each other.
The two packs have had a bitter rivalry.
Since Tony  the Alpha male  commanded his wolves to cross over into Western territory in order to hunt.
Winston and Tony meet up one night and arrange to marry Garth  Tony s son.
Kate  having a sense  wearily agrees for the good of the pack.
She meets Garth.
Garth is also an Alpha and appears perfect in every way.
Kate hears his howl.
Kate  taken back  leaves the scene to get water.
Humphrey then notices Kate and surprises her.
The two then talk.
When suddenly  they get tranquilized and taken away to Idaho.
The two wolves wake up and meet a French-Canadian goose named Marcel  a duck named Paddy.
Who has an avid interest.
Humphrey and Kate learn.
They were relocated to repopulate the species.
Kate is horrified.
Humphrey is more interested.
Marcel and Paddy agree to help the wolves return home.
Trouble brews back discover.
Kate has gone missing.
Tony warns Winston.
He and his pack will declare war for their territory.
Lilly  an Omega wolf  has a crush and suggests.
Who is Kate s younger sister.
She shows him around.
Kate finds a ravine and attempts to cross it.
She slips down the cliff.
Humphrey saves her life.
The two find a den for the night.
The next morning  Marcel and Paddy find the wolves and direct them.
Will take them.
Climbing the mountain  Humphrey meets a bear cub.
Who is unfamiliar.
The cub gets hurt.
When they are playing.
When a snowball is thrown.
This angers a trio.
Who think that Humphrey was trying to harm the cub.
She rushes in to help him  causing them to slide down the other side.
When Kate realizes that Humphrey is.
Humphrey saves Kate.
The two wolves manage to get.
The train passes.
Meanwhile Lilly and Garth are bonding.
Lilli is not deterred by Garth s less than perfect howl and teaches him to howl with his heart.
Humphrey and Kate begin to howl together as well on the train.
Both couples sing.
The full moon has come.
The packs declare war.
Humphrey attempts to tell Kate.
The train passes.
He feels.
The sight causes her to jump off the train.
He can finish.
Kate stops the fight.
She will marry Garth.
The next day  a heartbroken Humphrey decides to leave Jasper and travel and shares his goodbyes with Kate  Marcel  Paddy  Lilly.
Yet Kate feels heartbroken too.
She feels.
Kate decides not to marry Garth  declaring her love for Humphrey.
Garth declares his own love.
Winston is confused.
Tony is enraged that his son is with an Omega  which goes against pack customs.
His pack starts to fight the other pack out.
The conflict is cut short.
When a massive stampede interrupts the scene.
Winston and Tony get caught.
Kate and Humphrey rush in to save them.
Kate is hit.
Humphrey shields her.
Winston and Tony growl.
It appears.
The stampede passes.
Kate has been trampled.
The wolves of both packs begin to howl in mourning sadness.
She wakes up.
Now  at long last  Humphrey and Kate reveal their feelings.
Winston and Tony then decide to unite the packs and retire.
May I interest you.
When they wonder what to do  Marcel says  Gentleman.
All the wolves celebrate the marriages of Kate and Humphrey and Garth and Lilly.
The film ends singing a duet.
<EOS>
Yi-gwak is a demon hunter.
Who lost his lover  Yon-hwa  and colleagues in the past.
He enters the Midheaven  a transitory place  only to find the spirit of.
Who has forgotten.
His deceased former mentor  Ban-chu  masterminds a demonic rebellion  wishing to invade the living world.
<EOS>
Dr Anand is a respected young doctor.
He has been suffering.
Since his girlfriend Seema died.
Stormy night  Anand is on his way.
Home when he meets a white sari clad girl.
He offers assistance  giving her a lift in his car.
She accepts his assistance and introduces herself.
As soon  the wipers eerily stop working.
She steps.
He s even more spooked and guides him.
When the lady shows him the way when it is nt visible.
En-route  she tells him Mujhe khoon achcha lagtaa hai.
He notices her hand is bleeding  when asked.
Sandhya disappears inexplicably.
A distraught father stops his car begging him to save his daughter s life.
He follows the man and comes.
Unfortunately the girl is already dead.
He is surprised to see.
The girl is Sandhya.
He encounters some policemen.
When he goes back.
Who tell him that the place is deserted and that rumours are that the place is haunted.
The policemen inform him.
What he saw was exactly what happened years ago and that the haunting started after her death.
Shaken and intrigued  Anand decides to investigate further.
He finds  Sandhya can appear at will.
Sandhya is as interested as he is in her.
Later his mother arranges his marriage.
His bride-to-be is none other than Sandhya.
He begins to see Sandhya everywhere.
Others claim that she was the whole time.
Sandhya gives him contradictory treatment every time.
They meet.
Anand decides to solve this mystery.
Luck smiles one day.
His well wishers believe that something is wrong.
Anand manages to follow Sandhya undetected.
There  he is shocked to see Sandhya  the distraught father and the policemen he encountered earlier.
He realizes.
The conspiracy is larger than he thought.
He sneaks  only to get another surprise  Sandhya is kept prisoner there.
He is also surprised to see Ramesh there.
He realizes.
Ramesh is trying to usurp all the estate.
He confronts all.
Results. 
Anand is also shocked to learn.
Ramesh killed Seema.
Ramesh did all this planning too  a treasure is hidden somewhere in the mansion.
Follows. 
The real Sandhya explains.
She had a twin sister who went missing.
She grew up to be an evil conwoman.
Whom Ramesh used.
Ramesh is arrested.
Anand and Sandhya are able to start their marital relationship on a good note.
<EOS>
The film begins.
He reads.
He finishes reading  and kisses Natalie passionately.
Natalie believes.
He wants to have sex - until he pulls out a gun and commits suicide.
High school girl  Lindsay  is shopping with her mother  Trish  for new church clothes.
Natalie bursts.
They argue.
Lindsay watches the black book.
She holds.
The door shut on Natalie.
When Lindsay goes to fetch Natalie s father.
Natalie s father knocks down the door  only to find Natalie dying.
That night Natalie s father is haunted and is found the following day  hanged in the same room Natalie died in  by his niece Molly.
Dylan   is found publicly attacking Aidan Spindle  a newly-returned local misfit.
Who is the son.
Dylan blames Aidan s family.
Lindsay helps Aidan with his minor wounds and drives him home.
It turns out.
Aidan s brother is Sean  the young man who killed himself but whose death has been overshadowed by Natalie s.
The same night Molly starts seeing a ghost.
Looks exactly.
The following day  Lindsay s best friend Claire drives past Molly s body  and immediately begins to hear voices.
Later the same day  a duplicate is seen in the toilets.
Claire is using the facilities.
Simultaneously  Lindsay becomes aware.
Dylan is stirring up among the townsfolk.
She meets his cousin  Sadie.
Who had traveled down.
Meanwhile  Claire encounters and unsuccessfully tries to evade her doppelganger.
It finally catches up.
Her car explodes.
Aidan takes Lindsay  and confirms.
His mother practiced a form witchcraft  which may be the cause.
He tells her to leave Grovetown.
Lindsay arrives home that night and is abducted with Trish s consent.
She is taken to be purified.
Returning home that night  Trish is jubilant but is later haunted by doppelgangers of herself on the television.
Trish s doppelganger compels her to drink drain cleaner  believing it to be whiskey.
Lindsay finds Trish s body.
She rushes and will demand her death.
A curse has gotten inside.
Aidan admits.
Victims see themselves  but swears that all victims commit suicide because they are compelled to  not because something takes over them.
Aidan supplies Lindsay.
Will slow the progress.
Aidan realizes.
The black book is the key to lock up what Sean had unlocked.
Lindsay suggests the church.
Lindsay and Aidan break in.
Dylan  Roy  Pastor Joe and Paul  another member  realize.
Aidan retrieved the book.
Back Sadie pulls a gun on Aidan and Lindsay  she wants the book and explains.
Sean deliberately killed himself for the curse to start.
They manage to rescue the book.
As Sadie attempts to burn it.
Paul  Roy and Dylan burst.
Aidan and Lindsay escape following as Roy guards Sadie.
Aidan and Lindsay split  intending to meet up.
Running. 
Back he tells Sadie.
He became a religious man and then and sets her alight  claiming that he is doing God s will.
Lindsay makes it to the pier.
Her doppelganger ghost is hot.
She stops and starts reciting a prayer.
When she falls.
Meanwhile Dylan continues.
He is surprised.
Aidan puts Sadie s gun.
When Lindsay s screams draw him away.
Lindsay panics.
Her doppelganger emerges.
Lindsay quickly climbs out alive  then blood drips onto her back  the ghost s eye is bleeding.
Lindsay sits up.
The ghost grabs the rope and hands it.
Who starts to wrap it.
Almost strangling herself.
Aidan rushes and stops her  they continue with dispelling the curse.
He merges his own blood on the book.
When he says to Lindsay that a sacrifice started the curse so a sacrifice must end it.
Aidan passionately kisses her and tells her to burn the book.
Dylan and Paul then show up  Dylan believing Lindsay to be a devil worshiper.
He pulls his gun.
Lindsay stands  Sadie s gun.
She begs Dylan to walk away.
He raises his rifle.
She shoots him.
Paul quickly runs off.
Not  but they find  Dylan had actually shot him.
After the cops arrive.
Aidan s sacrifice does nt count.
Aidan was pointing the gun.
Lindsay tries to burn the book.
The curse is still around.
<EOS>
Sensitive  club-footed artist Philip Carey is an Englishman.
Who has been studying painting.
His art teacher tells him his work  so he returns to become a medical doctor.
Lacks talent.
His moodiness and chronic self-doubt make it difficult.
Him to keep up.
Philip falls passionately with vulgar tearoom waitress Mildred Rogers.
Though she is disdainful and his obvious interest in her.
She is manipulative and cruel.
He is attracted.
When he asks her out.
Her constant response is.
I do nt mind  an expression so uninterested that it infuriates him - which only causes her to use it all the more.
His daydreams cause him to be distracted from his studies.
He fails his medical examinations.
Mildred declines  telling him.
When Philip proposes.
She will be marrying a loutish salesman Emil Miller instead.
The self-centered Mildred vindictively berates Philip for becoming romantically interested in her.
Philip begins to forget Mildred.
When he falls with Norah  an attractive and considerate romance writer working under a male pseudonym.
She slowly cures him to Mildred.
But  Mildred returns  pregnant and claiming.
When it appears that Philip is finding happiness.
Emil has abandoned her.
Philip provides an apartment  arranges to take care of her financially  and breaks off his relationship with Norah.
Norah and Philip admit.
Bondages exist.
Philip s intention is to marry Mildred.
Her child is born.
A bored and restless Mildred is an uninterested mother  and gives up the baby s care.
One of Philip s medical student friends  Harry Griffiths  flirts with Mildred.
Who somewhat reciprocates.
She runs off with Griffiths for Paris.
A second time  Philip again finds some comfort of his elderly patients in a charity hospital.
The Athelny family is caring and affectionate.
They take Philip.
Once again  Mildred returns.
Philip can not resist rescuing her and helping her to recover.
Things take a turn.
When Mildred moves in  spitefully wrecks his apartment and destroys his paintings and books  and burns the securities and bonds he was given to finance his tuition.
Philip is forced to quit medical school.
An operation corrects his club foot.
He leaves the institution.
The Athelnys take Philip.
When he is unable to find work.
He takes a job.
A letter is sent.
Time progresses.
Informs him that his uncle has died  leaving a small inheritance.
Philip is able to return to medical school and pass his examinations to become a qualified doctor.
Later  Philip meets up.
Mildred s baby has died.
She has become distraught and sick.
She dies.
He can visit her again.
Philip is finally freed of his obsession.
He makes plans to marry Sally.
<EOS>
The film follows the adventures  a spy on the run  and June Havens  a car refurbisher.
Miller is seen watching Havens.
He bumps.
They go at Wichita Airport.
Havens is making her way back home from Wichita  Kansas after picking up spare parts for her deceased father s classic Pontiac GTO car.
She is restoring as a wedding gift.
She is told.
Though she has a confirmed reservation.
It is overbooked.
Miller  able  whispers to her.
Sometimes things happen.
Unbeknownst  Federal agent Fitzgerald is monitoring Miller s movements and  believing  puts her back on the flight list.
She is working.
Havens notices.
There are only four or five other people present.
She relaxes  and chats about her life-long dream of driving to Cape Horn.
While Miller checks out the other passengers.
She is charmed  and goes to freshen up.
Miller is attacked.
She is occupied.
Miller kills them all.
Miller calmly informs her.
She emerges.
Everyone onboard is dead.
Thinking  Havens plays along.
He is joking.
Miller enters the cockpit.
She notices the dead bodies falling over in their seats  and spilling into the aisle.
Miller lands the plane  but skids off the road into a corn field trying to avoid a semi-trailer Truck.
Miller gives Havens a drink  and explains.
She may be questioned.
She is not to get  nor accompany them.
They suggest taking her away.
Havens passes out.
He gives her  but awakes amongst clues that Miller brought her there  ensuring her safety.
Havens struggles.
Talking over Havens is shocked to learn.
What to do.
April wants to sell it.
She is lured out and is accosted by a group seeming to be FBI special agents.
Who   drive her away.
She is shown some files pertaining  and is questioned by the agents to determine.
She is working.
Suddenly  Miller shows up.
Rescues Havens.
Havens does nt know who or and flees.
What to believe.
Where her former boyfriend  Rodney  works.
He thinks.
She is merely stressed  and takes her out for pie.
Miller arrives and kidnaps Havens.
They are chatting.
He handcuffs her and shoots Rodney  telling him this will all turn him into an overnight hero and virtually guarantee his desired promotion to lieutenant.
Miller explains.
Havens is safer.
Havens agrees to follow him.
They go to pick up Simon Feck  a genius inventor who created a perpetual energy battery called the Zephyr.
They arrive.
Where he left Feck.
He is missing  but has left clues.
He can be found.
The two are immediately ambushed.
She drifts in and out of consciousness between their capture and escape from Antonio s men.
Miller brings her.
Is. 
Havens notices a message on Miller s cell phone with a Boston address.
Her cell phone rings  showing her sister s caller ID.
Studying this.
She accidentally leads Antonio s group to the hideaway.
They try to kill Miller and Havens.
Again knocking out Havens  this time  Miller transports them to a train heading through the Alps.
Havens awakes alone and  missing a message  leaves to get breakfast in the dining car.
Where she encounters Bernhard  a German assassin whom she believes is Feck.
She realizes.
When she finds the message stuck.
Feck is.
Bernhard is someone else.
Using tricks learned  Havens manages to survive.
Bernhard is eventually knocked out by Miller and killed by a train coming from the opposite direction.
Miller puts Havens and Feck up and heads to a meeting with a mysterious beautiful woman.
Havens follows him  and hears him make a deal to sell the Zephyr.
Havens is picked up and meets the director of counter-intel   and gives her a pen transmitter to signal them.
Who confirms that Miller is a rogue agent.
When she is.
Miller meets her back  and shows her the Zephyr.
Is now showing signs.
Havens uses the pen to notify the agents.
Miller notes hurts more than I thought it would.
Miller escapes.
Miller is apparently shot and falls into the Salzach River.
His body is not recovered  nor is the Zephyr.
Havens is sent home to stand at her sister s wedding.
She heads.
When Havens hears the song that Miller used.
She remembered.
She meets the people  and realizes.
They are Miller s parents.
Havens learns.
The couple believe.
Their son  a former Army Ranger Captain and Eagle Scout  is dead.
They are fabulously wealthy.
They do nt remember entering.
They mention.
Their son was an excellent swimmer who could hold his breath.
Havens leaves the Knights  and calls her own voice mail  leaving a message.
She has the Zephyr.
She is quickly captured and taken to Spain.
She is drugged.
Makes her relaxed and happy and leads her to reveal that Miller feigned his selling and his death to allow her to return home.
Antonio realizes.
She does nt have the Zephyr.
The only way is to pay Fitzgerald.
He can get the device.
Who has kidnapped Feck.
Miller has been following Feck using a tracking app  and stumbles upon Havens in the Spaniard s compound.
Havens is rescued.
She is being taken out.
She admits to Miller.
She wants to have sex.
Haven believes.
Miller is nt happy to see her.
He walks over  says  and kisses her.
He is happy.
They pursue Fitzgerald and Feck  while eluding Antonio s men during the Running of the Bulls.
Which Antonio is trampled by some bulls.
Fitzgerald is able to escape.
Miller is hit by a bullet as he saves Feck.
Feck comments.
The battery is unstable.
The battery explodes  killing Fitzgerald.
They watch the plane climb.
Miller collapses  but wakes in a hospital.
He receives an apology.
Who tells him that he rooted.
He asks  and is told.
She has returned home.
He is warned.
He ca nt be distracted  and must forget her to continue.
The Director also explains  for your safety using the same wording.
The agency will transfer you tomorrow.
He warned Havens.
A nurse enters  and gives Miller his medication.
They leave.
Miller realizes.
He s been drugged.
Then sees.
The nurse is Havens.
Miller comes in the rebuilt classic car.
Belonged. 
Havens kisses him and says.
He asks what day it is.
It s someday  alluding.
She drives off  traveling along a coastal road.
The final scene shows Roy s mother telling her husband.
They have just received two tickets.
She insists.
She blames her husband.
They go.
<EOS>
The story revolves around two neighboring families.
One family is headed by Devyani.
Rahul is Sethji s son.
He has just returned after completing his studies.
Radhika   recently arrived.
Is Devyani s.
Radhika and Rahul  predictably  fall.
Devyani is impressed  Dhananjay.
She is also aware  so she offers Radhika s hand in marriage to Dhananjay.
Who delightedly accepts.
Rahul has to prove his love.
<EOS>
Gray Baldwin  a family oriented and quiet bachelorette  lives a close-knit life.
Their lifestyle is generally co-dependent  involving them living together  going to dance classes together  etc.
Gray and Sam s relationship has never been thought.
Gray and Sam decide to venture outside.
A dinner party guest mistakes the siblings.
They can hook each other up.
Discussing what they can do about their single lifestyles  and how.
Their conversation continues.
Where Gray meets a possible girlfriend.
Gray then introduces Charlie and Sam.
They instantly bond  agreeing to see each other again.
Charlie and Sam become engaged  two days after their meeting.
Charlie and Sam insist  they should go and elope there  inviting Gray along.
They are so with one another.
Gray is a little hesitant  but agrees.
When Charlie says they can have a mini bachelorette party.
Gray agrees.
The three make their way out.
Gray takes Charlie out.
The two share a drunken kiss.
The next morning  Charlie does not remember anything.
Gray has not slept the whole night  due.
She felt.
Gray comes to a conclusion  and is falling in love with her.
She is attracted.
The events begin a beautiful journey  testing the relationship between two close siblings and finding happiness in lonely Manhattan.
Occurred. 
<EOS>
Movie starts.
Which Durga Prasad bashes up polices.
Visweswara Rao comes to know the heroism and tells him his flash back.
Visweswara Rao and Chandra Sekhar are the best friends.
They have a kid each.
Visweawara Rao is a business magnate.
Chandra Sekhar is a police officer.
Chandra Sekhar arrests a dreaded goon and the goon s supporters kidnap the son and hold the kid as hostage and want to exchange the kid for the release of goon.
He would be getting a promotion and prize money.
Chandra Sekhar does not release goon.
Chandra Sekhar becomes selfish.
Results. 
Chandra Sekhar becomes enemy of Visweswara Rao.
The wife gets paralyzed.
Visweswara Rao s aim is to kill the son.
Visweswara Rao asks.
Durga Prasad accepts to be the contract killer.
Durga Prasad cures the paralysis of Chandra Sekhar s wife.
Durga Prasad also kills Simha Prasad.
Charulatha  the niece  falls in love with Durga Prasad.
Visweswara Rao is impressed  and cured the paralysis of his wife.
He got rid.
He wants to adopt Durga Prasad and marry off Charu Latha to him.
But  it is revealed.
Durga Prasad is a big enemy.
Then there is a remote village.
Is dominated.
There are no doors.
This arrangement is done.
The sons and goons can run into any home and take hostage.
Durga Prasad is a hardworking and heroic IPS officer.
Is sent to get hold of the goons and set the village right.
Hema falls after observing his daring personality.
Hema proposes.
All the elders accept the match.
Durga Prasad s hand gets paralyzed.
The parents cancel the alliance with Durga Prasad.
Hema defies her parents and enters the house and stays there by serving him and making him a healthy man.
The villains reveal.
Durga Prasad is not the real son.
Then the story goes back.
You got.
You want to know who this Durga Prasad is.
Ta watch the film.
<EOS>
The Wiggles introduce themselves.
Paul the Cook.
Paul has some hot potatoes  cold spaghetti  and mashed bananas.
Song 1 - Song 2 - D.
O.
R.
O.
T.
H.
Y.
Anthony introduces.
The song called a pufferbelly  and asks everyone to follow along.
Song 3 - Pufferbellies Captain Feathersword dances.
The Wiggles were woundering.
What he was doing.
They all tried it together.
When Captain Feathersword explained.
They think  so he tells the Wiggles to go and see Henry to do the dance.
It s not much luck.
Song 4 - Henry s Dance Greg comments.
There are many places you can walk or run.
Dorothy is walking and eating some roses.
Captain Feathersword is running.
Henry is walking to have a swim.
Wags is running to dig up some bones.
Jeff is sleepwalking.
Jeff leaves off scene.
Greg runs.
Him to wake him up.
Song 5 - Walk Anthony is.
He says.
There is a lot.
And really good thing is to flat it and start hammering it.
You can do.
Song 6 - Joannie Works Hammer On the number 5  everyone s nodding their heads.
Anthony asks the kids to help wake Jeff up.
1  2  3  Wake Up Jeff.
Anthony asks.
What he is doing.
Jeff says.
He s doing a monkey dance.
Song 7 - The Monkey Dance.
The Wiggles and Captain Feathersword are making crunchy munchy honey cakes  and spell out the different ingredients.
Get an apron and a parent to help you.
When you make these.
Song 8 - Crunchy Munchy Honey Cakes Greg and the Wiggles are going to do a song.
First they need to get.
They go and come out dressed like Elvis.
Each one sounds off.
They have their shaking clothes.
Song 9 - Shaky Shaky Song 10 - Teddy Bear Hug - The Wiggles sit down and sing.
Playing their instruments.
Greg is  Anthony is on acoustic guitar  Jeff is on accordion.
Murray is.
The kids are sitting and hold teddy bears.
Captain and the mascots are standing  also holding teddy bears.
There are many.
Says to say hello.
Each says hello in a different language.
They say Havenu Shalom Alechem.
Song 11 - Havenu Shalom Alechem Song 12 - I Am A Dancer - Greg lead sings this one.
The other wiggles do ballet moves running across.
Song 13 - Greg Magic Trick - Greg performs a hanky trick.
Murray is playing a number game.
Song 14 - Numbers Rhumba - Greg  Murray and Jeff each hold a paper.
Anthony wears a sombrero and plays his trumpet.
The updated version also features three child dancers  Cassandra  Jessica and Sian.
The Wiggles and Paul the Cook are making fruit salad.
Everyone s dressed as well.
Greg says to get a grownup to help.
He asks.
Everyone s doing.
Anthony and Murray have been peeling apples and tossing grapes.
Then it s Jeff s turn.
Jeff announces.
He s just peeled a banana as he flops open a banana.
Everyone says Beauty  mate.
<EOS>
Harry and Anne Wilding return after service in the army.
They have trouble readjusting.
Harry eventually quits his council job and go  selling food from a mobile canteen.
Anne becomes jealous.
Anne gives up her job to concentrate.
<EOS>
Cowboy Woody comes to town and notices an ad at a western post office advertising for a new mail delivery rider.
He is hired but is warned.
Who has been stealing the mail and killing the carriers.
Ignoring the warning  Woody sets off.
Eventually  Woody runs.
They begin battling.
It contents.
Woody finally is able to both outwit and outlast Buzz  and finishes their long battle.
They use every trick and move they can.
Then  Woody goes to finish delivering the mail.
<EOS>
A young Pakistani woman is forced to choose.
<EOS>
A new batch arrives at the army training center situated near border.
Their trainer is Nair Saab.
Who is a man known.
The movie is treated.
But  things take a U-turn once and use them.
When the underworld buys out two guys.
Is obviously Pakistan.
One trainee gets killed by the hands of underworld.
The blame falls.
Everybody turns.
He has to flee  only to come back later.
The plot thickens as well with the arrival and the attempt to sell the ammunitions stored there   to the enemy state.
Is worth millions.
Nair Saab intervenes  spoils all the evil plans of the traitors.
<EOS>
The story takes place during the height of the AIDS epidemic and revolves around the title character  a gay man.
Who has sworn off sex.
Almost immediately thereafter he meets Steve  a hunky  charming HIV + man.
He then experiences an emotional conflict.
He must face his fear to accept love  often breaking the fourth wall to do so.
<EOS>
The Freeling family has sent Carol Anne to live.
Carol Anne has been told.
She is temporarily to attend a unique school for gifted children with emotional problems  though Pat thinks it is because Steven and Diane just wanted Carol Anne out of their house.
Pat and Bruce are unaware  just noting.
Steven was involved.
They live in the luxury skyscraper.
Which Bruce is the manager.
Carol Anne has been made to discuss her experiences from the first and second films.
Seaton believes her to be delusional  however  the constant discussion has enabled Rev.
Henry Kane was sent.
To locate Carol Anne and bring him back he.
Not believing  Dr Seaton has come to the conclusion  making people believe.
Carol Anne is a manipulative child.
They were attacked.
Tangina Barrons realizes.
Kane has found Carol Anne and travels cross-country to protect her.
That night  Kane drains the high rise and takes possession of reflections in mirrors  causing the reflections of people to act independently of their physical counterparts.
Kane attempts to use the mirrors.
When Carol Anne is left alone that night.
She escapes  by telepathically telling her to break the mirror.
Donna and her boyfriend  Scott  see a frightened Carol Anne running  and move to rescue her  however   all three are taken to the Other Side by Kane and his people.
They can.
Tangina and Dr Seaton are both at the high rise  along with Pat and Bruce.
Dr Seaton stubbornly assumes.
Carol Anne has staged the entire thing.
Tangina tries to get her back.
Scott is seemingly released through a pool in the high rise.
Donna reappears.
Tangina is taken.
Scott is left with his parents.
Nobody notices.
The symbols are reversed from what they were before she was taken.
Bruce sees Carol Anne s reflection and chases her.
Dr Seaton attempts to calm Donna.
Pat follows.
Dr Seaton is not far behind.
He believes.
He sees Carol Anne.
However   Donna appears behind him and pushes him down the empty elevator shaft.
Dr Seaton approaches the elevator doors.
It is revealed.
Donna did not actually come back  but rather the person who came back was a reflection  under the control of Kane  who then vanishes back into the mirror  with a reflection of Scott at her side.
Pat and Bruce struggle to find Carol Anne  but Bruce is captured.
Eventually Pat is forced to prove her love.
The ending is somewhat unclear.
Tangina manages to convince Kane to go.
Donna  Bruce  and Carol Anne are returned.
Whereas it is never revealed if Scott returned or is still trapped.
The final scene shows lightning flashing.
Kane s laughter is heard.
<EOS>
Works as a golf caddy to help support his family.
He romances and marries.
Valerie Fox  then  decides to become a professional golfer.
Hogan has little success.
He gradually improves.
Meanwhile  the Hogans become friends.
Hogan returns to golfing and eventually becomes a top player.
However  he has acquired an image.
Hogan is very seriously injured in a car accident.
Doctors hold out little hope  let alone golfing again.
Hogan is amazed to by the outpouring of regard from his fans.
He recovers and goes on to become one of the great golfers of his time.
<EOS>
The film opens.
Where all the trains are fast asleep.
The shot begins to focus.
2  an American.
Is Casey s  which is slow asleep  and eventually cuts  where Casey is revealed to be sleeping in his engine cab.
Doffing his bedclothes  he checks his watch and realizing  hurriedly readies the engine to depart.
He is.
Mail is loaded  Casey sets off at a dangerously high speed through the maze of switches and sidings  nearly t-boning two other trains in the process before making it safely out of the yard.
The trip is uneventful.
We see Casey relaxing  casually stoking it one piece of coal at a time.
If it were a parlour stove.
Further on  however  the weather turns nasty  flooding the tracks and all but swamping the train.
Eight hours late  but nonetheless undaunted  Casey climbs up and uses his coal shovel as a paddle.
Before long  he has cleared the flood and is again.
No sooner is the train back up  screeching to a halt  standing in the middle of the tracks grazing  is a large brown cow.
Then Casey is forced to bring it.
Finally moves aside.
Unfortunately  a new problem presents itself.
A stereotypical villain has tied a lady to the tracks in front of Casey s train.
Unwilling to waste any more time stopping  Casey rushes forward and stands.
Which the train is about to run her over.
The villain turns and exclaims theatrically  Curses.
Hours later  night has fallen.
We find Casey s engine steaming.
Another stereotypical villain nearly brings things.
The train passes.
Who is not.
Casey s engine struggles  huffing and puffing  and continues on its way.
Again undaunted.
A short while later  the camera focuses.
They watch the train.
Casey is about to get his train attacked.
Casey is so caught up in stoking the boiler.
He is oblivious.
It is.
After he inadvertently picks up one.
He finally notices the uninvited company.
Even then  Casey is more annoyed and begins to fight the robbers  hitting them repeatedly with his coal shovel.
Continuing to stoke the boiler.
Casey checks his watch and is horrified to discover.
The robbers have put him once again.
Determined to make up  he opens the throttle so wide.
He actually rips the handle and throws it away.
The scenery outside quickly becomes a blur.
The train travels faster and faster.
He adds more coal.
He also uses his shovel and rocking chair.
When running out.
The ribbing is forced off.
Casey gives the engine some running repairs.
The train roars down a hill.
Just a bit away a double headed.
Slow freight train  double-headed is chugging towards Casey  who is too busy fixing the engine s dome to notice.
The brake-man runs up.
About the oncoming double-headed slow freight train is coming  but fails to get the message  and jumps off the train.
But here s a goof.
The brakeman is still seen on the engine s roof in the next shot.
The crews.
Who are approaching all gasp and abandon the train as well and run.
Afterwards  we are taken  presumably the one Casey is meant to terminate at  and  Casey being late  the Porter fears the worst.
Then  much  Casey rolls down the hill in the remains of his engine carrying a bag of mail.
A beaten up Casey then shows his watch  it stating.
He is ` ON.
<EOS>
The film starts out.
He tells his story and narrates it.
Sam  an art student  is having the worst day  he loses his girlfriend  fails art school  and is put down by his favorite professor.
Who describes himself as accidentally funny.
Finally  his art portfolio falls open.
His drawings scatter.
A girl comes up and say.
He has lost his smile.
The girl is Hope  a bubbly bombshell.
She eventually does.
They kiss.
She gives Sam her number  then is picked up.
The rain washes the number off of his hand.
Devastated  he is determined to search.
He takes a job.
He is fruitless.
Then finally  he delivers.
She comes.
Sam remembers her.
She refuses to talk and hurries Sam away.
Now Sam gives himself a new task  find out and give it back.
Hope lost her smile.
He takes advice from his cousin Holden  an overweight sex addict.
Whose pornography obsession has left him to graduate.
He is harassed.
Who wants him to give up.
She drops a vase and sticks him and Holden penis-to-penis in a Chinese finger trap.
She leaves an imprint the show a scar on her butt.
He then sets out to find the girl.
Investigating Hope s room  he finds a torn album cover and a sad note in Hope s diary.
Investigating both leads him nowhere.
He begins to fall in love with Annie.
Sam sits.
When Hope is served.
Annie comes up.
They talk.
He makes her laugh.
They kiss and start a relationship.
She ends it quickly  however.
He refuses to stop trying to help Hope  seeing it.
Sam then goes last time.
She thanks him and kisses him.
He then finds the scar - she was the mystery woman with the help and encouragement of Annie.
She tells him her story.
The night they first met  her friend Jesse picked her up.
They have known each other and were best friends.
But then he makes a move  forcing himself.
When she refuses.
He says  they only want girlfriends.
Guys do nt want girls.
She escapes  cutting her butt on a sharp metal piece.
Sam and Hope get together.
Annie consoles her and says.
She will help her find out if Sam is a true friend.
The narration ends here.
Later  though  Hope notices.
Sam has once again lost his smile.
He feels bad.
Annie wo nt speak and has turned to chocolate  her comfort food.
Hope realizes.
He loves Annie too  and says he should figure out which one he wants to be.
Looking  he realizes.
The smiling face he always drew was Annie  his one true love.
She still refuses to talk.
Sam takes his drawings to make a cartoon.
Willens   scatters them.
Who Sam had turned in.
All the residents help him pick them up  showing their love.
Sam then displays his cartoon.
Hope tells Annie to realize.
The Sam loves her and that she loves him.
She takes a while  but comes around and laughs raucously.
Sam runs.
She jumps.
<EOS>
Glen returns home to find his house abandoned.
Nobody answers his calls.
There is a half-eaten dinner and the eerie sound of laughter from somewhere nearby.
He goes and climbs into the treehouse.
Where he finds a lit lantern and a doll.
The tree is abruptly struck.
Glen awakens  it was only a nightmare.
He sees.
The workers have cut down the tree.
A fragment has been unearthed.
Glen returns Terry to dig for more.
Glen and Terry breach the surface and uncover a large geode.
The workers have attempted to fill the hole left.
Glen catches a splinter and leaves a small bit of blood behind.
They leave his sister Alexandra in charge.
Al decides to throw a party.
Upstairs  Terry and Glen break open the geode.
They discover.
It has left strange writing  and read the incantations aloud.
They go downstairs.
As the party-goers have begun playing a levitation game.
Everyone is shocked.
When they successfully levitate Glen.
That night  Glen sees his bedroom wall stretching.
Terry embraces a heavenly apparition  only to have it turn out to be the body of Angus  Glen s recently-deceased dog.
The next day  Terry brings a heavy metal album  with lyrics supposedly based on something called The Dark Book.
He believes.
The hole is a gateway to the domain of evil gods  and speculates that their actions from the previous day started the process.
He speculates.
The only missing element would be to deposit a sacrifice.
Unknown  a friend of Al s has already dumped Angus into the hole  completing the summoning.
Is supposed to close the Gate.
The hole has closed and assume their efforts were successful.
That night  a swarm shatter Glen s bedroom window.
Angus  corpse is found.
A pair try to pull Al under the bed.
Terry and Glen barely save her.
They attempt to flee the house  but are greeted.
Who are actually disguised demons.
Al volunteers to inspect the yard.
The others see it swarming and call her back.
Terry leads everyone.
It bursts.
They then attempt to stop the creatures.
Terry reads.
The hole seems to be closing  but he slips and falls.
Where he is attacked.
Al and Glen pull Terry out.
The hole begins closing.
Terry reads  but ultimately throws the Bible into the hole.
An explosion knocks them unconscious.
Appears sealed.
When they wake up the hole.
That night  a wall breaks open.
A dead body falls through.
Glen wonders.
This is the construction worker he heard was buried.
The construction worker pulls Terry.
Either can react.
Seals. 
Upstairs  Al notices a hazy image in her mirror.
Glen bursts.
The construction worker appears.
Al throws a stereo.
He disintegrates.
Al holds.
The bedroom door shut while Glen races downstairs to find their father s gun.
A demonic version appears and bites his hand.
Al runs downstairs to help  and stabs Terry.
Al and Glen hide.
The construction worker breaks.
Al fires a shot.
He is uninjured and drags her away.
Glen realizes.
Terry and Al represent the two human sacrifices that would fully open the gate.
He also realizes.
The rocket Al intended to give him for his birthday  a symbol  is the only thing that can stop the rise of the Old Gods.
He makes his way upstairs.
Before the floor collapses  revealing a chasm.
Glen retrieves the rocket and attempts to launch it.
The matches keep blowing out.
The wind sucks Glen.
Where a giant  serpentine demon emerges.
The demon pats Glen  touches his hand  and returns to the hole.
Glen discovers.
The demon s touch has placed an eye.
Glen stabs out the eye  then struggles to descend the staircase.
Which point the demon.
Glen uses a battery-powered launcher to fire his rocket.
The demon explodes  dispelling the dark clouds.
Glen returns.
Angus emerges.
He is followed  also unhurt.
The kids worry.
To explain the wreckage to their parents.
<EOS>
It is.
Jones and Barry put.
Brock is involved.
Who is the show s angel.
But  she still secretly meets her old vaudeville partner and lover  the out-of-work Pat Denning.
She is busy keeping Dillon both hooked and.
To ensure success Julian Marsh   is hired to direct.
Who is the best.
But Marsh is ill  destitute  friendless  and bitter.
Did you ever try to cash a reputation.
Gambling  Marsh must make his last show a major hit and financial success.
He is to have enough money to retire on.
This time says.
I m going to sock it away so hard you ll have to blast to get it.
Cast selection and rehearsals begin amidst fierce competition.
Naive newcomer Peggy Sawyer   is duped and ignored  take her under their wing.
Who arrives.
Lorraine has an in.
The show s juvenile lead Billy Lawler takes a liking and puts in a good word for her with Marsh.
Rehearsals continue to Marsh s complete dissatisfaction  until the night before the opening in Philadelphia.
When Brock fractures her ankle.
Next morning Abner Dillon wants Marsh to cast his new interest  Annie Lowell.
Annie decides.
She is not talented enough but tells Marsh that the untried  green  Peggy Sawyer is.
Marsh rehearses Sawyer mercilessly until an hour before curtain time on the night of the premiere Brock  soon to be married to Pat  arrives and wishes Peggy luck.
The show is.
Nearly twenty minutes are devoted  Shuffle Off to Buffalo  Keep Young and Healthy.
The title song 42nd Street.
The show is a success.
Marsh turns wearily away from the brightly lit theatre entrance and slumps down on a fire escape as theatre-goers depart praising the musical.
Filmsite.
Org 42nd Street are lovers.
An invented romance was created.
This sort was deemed unacceptable to audiences of the era.
<EOS>
The film starts.
ACP Bose is a sincere police officer happily married and lives Surya Jeet.
Surjo is a college student.
He falls with his classmate Indu Srabanti Chatterjee.
Enter Section Shankar  Bharat Kaul  the villain.
Who is notorious.
Indu comes.
When she is from her college with her friends.
She gets friendly.
Who tells her that she would get her introduced.
They would make a good pair.
It turns out.
Surya studies and soon after they accidentally even come to know each other and get close.
ACP Bose investigates the case.
Whom no one has been able to touch.
He is even involved.
Is completely illegal.
I.
G is involved.
The deal has nt worked.
When the chairman demand the money back as.
Section Shankar eliminates him.
The people take and try to damage the bank.
Who are customers.
ACP Bose arrives there  arrests the manager and takes him away.
Somehow Section Shankar comes to know.
Where the manager has been taken.
He arrives there.
I.
G and nearly kill ACP Bose.
Section Shankar asks his men to dump the body.
Somehow Surya gets involved and ultimately rescues his brother from a burning bus.
The elder brother dies.
The entire media and the people think.
ACP Bose has swindled off all the money as they have been made to believe that.
I.
G.
Surya decides to take revenge.
Who killed his brother.
Firstly he kills Nikhil.
Then he.
Kills the D.
I.
G.
Nikhil had also kidnapped Indu.
He wants her.
Surya rescues her.
Section Shankar also kidnaps the entire family.
Surya goes.
House s where he kills Shankar and rescues his family.
I.
G wholeheartedly.
Who supports him.
<EOS>
Set  it tells the story of a young girl living in a coal mining town.
Where the death has become almost routine.
Margaret MacNeil has already lost her father and an older brother.
Life alone would be preferable to marrying a mine worker -- that is.
The charming Neil Currie shows up.
They marry  but before long financial woes lead.
His death drives Margaret to a mental breakdown.
She decides to create a special museum to the memories of all those.
Who have died.
<EOS>
Jean-Francois is the presenter  he himself has a long-term erratic open relationship with Angie.
Angie has two daughters  the eldest is the married archetypal housewife  a lifestyle Angie can not understand.
But Winnie  her youngest feels restrained.
<EOS>
Penniless and withdrawing  Danny emerges from a 72-hour stay in a police holding cell.
Hoping to make enough money to buy his next hit  he scours the streets looking for something to steal.
He discovers an unattended suitcase sitting in a doorway.
He makes off and takes it to an abandoned park to examine its contents.
There he finds.
The case contains two severed human legs.
Disgusted  he discards the legs and tries to find a buyer.
He finds a buyer.
Who gives him three dollars but also informs him.
The local heroin dealer has been arrested.
Unable to find heroin anywhere Danny decides to visit a doctor.
He pretends to be suffering.
When he reaches the doctor s house.
The doctor is suspicious but gives Danny a quarter.
Drugs rents a room for two dollars.
He hears groaning coming.
He prepares to inject the morphine.
Distracted  he follows the sound.
Danny offers to call an ambulance  but soon realizes.
The paramedics will not come as they believe the young man is faking illness to obtain opiates.
Danny selflessly administers his morphine.
The morphine immediately alleviates the young man s pain.
Danny returns.
All he begins feeling the effects of heroin  it appears.
His good deed has been rewarded.
Danny nods off to sleep.
<EOS>
The film is set.
Conradin  an orphan  lives.
She is a sadistic figure.
Who oppresses and controls him.
His only companions are a Houdan hen called Henrietta.
He adores.
A ferret named Sredni Vashtar.
He keeps hidden.
Conradin reads history books.
His aunt has forbidden him to learn history.
He imagines.
The ferret is a bloodthirsty god  Sredni Vashtar.
Inspired  he makes offerings of bloody entrails and red berries to the ferret.
One day  his aunt discovers Conradin s Houdan hen and takes it away.
Very distressed  Conradin begs his god Sredni Vashtar to grant him one prayer.
Shortly afterwards  his aunt finds the key.
Where the ferret lives.
She goes.
Conradin waits.
The ferret appears on its muzzle.
Distressed cries are heard.
Conradin makes himself something to eat and sits  at the head of the table.
The film differs.
Conradin s cousin   becomes his Aunt Augusta.
Also a tutor   is introduced.
Who teaches Conradin Latin.
<EOS>
Yan Chixia s master sent him to train in the arts of demon hunting.
Yan falls in love with her and realises.
His master sent him there to make him learn how to control his emotions.
Xiaoqian also falls with Yan.
She says.
He feeds her candy.
She will fall with anyone who fed her candy.
She begs him to kill her.
Humans and demons are not supposed to be together.
Yan stabs her.
Does not kill Xiaoqian.
Yan arrives late and sees.
Several have already fallen.
The last one  Xia Xuefenglei  embeds his arm and tells Yan to chop it off  thereby banishing Laolao from the mortal world.
Many years later  a tax collector named.
Ning Caichen passes and stops to drink from a well.
He is surrounded.
Who initially accused him  but later mistake him for an official sent by the government to help them find a new water source.
Glad to be free  Ning goes up the hill  accompanied  the only men.
The villagers are willing to send away.
They stop.
Ning goes and offers candy to a tiny  pale fox.
He sees there.
A strange wind blows and they all run up the hill.
Where they find a well.
The other men notice some beautiful women and follow them further in.
Ning investigates the well.
The women are actually demons.
They suck the life to feed Laolao with life energy.
Xiaoqian shows up and attempts to seduce Ning.
He rejects her.
Yan Chixia arrives and starts slaying the other demons.
Ning and Xiaoqian flee and hide.
Where he offers her candy.
The next day  Ning goes back  intending to blow up the well and release water for the village.
He is attacked.
Xiaoqian protects him and is injured herself in the explosion.
Yan saves them.
He ties Ning and sends him back to the village.
He uses his magic powers to heal Xiaoqian.
Ning escapes  knocks Yan out and ties him.
Laolao later insists.
Xiaoqian feeds.
She sends him away.
Laolao punishes Xiaoqian.
The villagers hold a feast.
Ning leaves the village and frees Yan.
Who tells him that Xiaoqian is actually a demon.
Ning still goes.
Laolao attempts to trap Yan.
Yan recognises the danger.
Ning allows Xiaoqian to tap on his life energy to help her heal faster.
Which they have sex.
The next morning  Laolao appears and tells Xiaoqian.
Her body is still.
She can never be happy together.
Yan arrives and drags Xiaoqian away.
Just then  Xia Xuefenglei and his younger sister Xia Bing show up.
They defeat Yan and lock Xiaoqian.
They tie up Yan.
That he can watch Xiaoqian disintegrate.
Back  the villagers start transforming into trees.
The water they drank is cursed.
Ning frees Yan and Xiaoqian.
Xuefenglei goes.
Xuefenglei defeats the two snake demons.
Laolao is now free.
Yan shows up and rescues Xuefenglei.
Xiaoqian  Ning and Xia Bing also arrive.
Xia Bing uses magic to open the frozen well.
Yan and Xuefenglei fight.
Ning climbs inside to find Xiaoqian s body.
Laolao absorbs Xiaoqian s spirit.
Ning frees the spirits trapped.
They start attacking her.
Yan uses his magic mirror to knock Xiaoqian s spirit out and transfers himself into Laolao s body.
Ning finds Xiaoqian s body.
Yan and Laolao transfigure.
He pulls his magic dagger out.
When Yan gains control.
She suddenly recalls everything.
Yan stabs himself.
He is also mortally wounded.
Xiaoqian and a dying Yan are reunited again.
Xiaoqian tells Ning to put her body down so.
She can disappear together.
She pushes Ning out to join Xuefenglei and Xia Bing.
Who are waiting outside.
The following day   he hears Xiaoqian s voice calling his name.
Ning is about to leave the village.
<EOS>
Beautiful high society type Doris Worthington is entertaining guests.
When it hits a reef and sinks.
She makes her way.
Her friend Edith  Uncle Hubert  and Princes Michael and Alexander make it.
All prove to be useless.
The sailor is the only one.
Doris and the others snub his leadership offer.
That is  they do.
He starts a clam bake and wafts the fumes.
The group gradually gives.
Then the only question is.
Whether Doris will give.
<EOS>
The movie begins.
She hides the truth.
His father  Nizhalgal Ravi  was murdered.
The mother much packs off Ajith s twin brother with a family.
Who offer to adopt him.
Who had been witness  to a distant town.
He escapes and goes to Tuticorin and grows to become a gangster there.
He comes.
When the younger Ajith visits Tuticorin.
Seizing the opportunity  the elder brother kidnaps the younger one and decides to go.
Initially  he plans to take revenge for packing him off from their house at a very young age.
He hurts her and even plans to sell off all their property.
The younger Ajith is mistaken as the gangster and is subject to attacks by the local gangsters of Tuticorin.
Younger Ajith escapes and returns to Chennai to save his mother.
Older Ajith comes.
To know and that Babu Antony was the cause for the same.
He avenges his father s death and leaves younger Ajith and goes off to jail to keep his mother in belief.
He is somewhere living happily.
<EOS>
Josh and Tiffany were long time friends.
Who became high school sweethearts.
They both had to face a long distance relationship.
When Josh enrolls at the University of Austin.
They make a promise to be true to each other and call each other every day.
Josh is worryied.
When Tiffany does nt call Josh  nor answer Josh s calls.
Tiffany is seeing another man.
To show  he makes a daily recorded video blog.
He is still.
His friends Rubin Carver and Barry Manilow barge into the video.
Barry then keeps checking.
Josh tells Rubin to mail before leaving for class.
Josh is flunking Ancient Philosophy and needs a B + on his mid-term to pass the semester.
Josh thinks.
He will flunk anyway.
Still worrying  Josh s friend E.
L.
Encourages Josh to move on Beth at his party.
Jacob  the teacher s assistant  has a huge crush.
She even knows.
Josh likes her.
Unbeknownst  he is being set up by Jacob to fail Ancient Philosophy.
L.
S party  Josh attends and E.
L.
Holds an auction  including Beth in the bid.
Jacob also attends the party  too.
Beth convinces Josh to outbid Jacob.
But E.
L.
Helps Josh win the bid.
When Jacob had $.
E.
L.
Claimed  his bid did nt count.
Since Jacob was a teacher s assistant.
They decide to have sex.
Beth decides to record their sex.
When they arrive.
They start having sex.
The next day  Barry sings.
A song called Tiny Salmon arrives in the room in a very jolly mood.
He confesses.
He had sex.
His friends object and want proof.
Josh attempts to play the tape but then realizes.
Rubin accidentally sent the sex tape.
Josh thens receives a voice mail.
She did nt call him because her grandfather died and will be cleaning his house.
Josh decides to go.
He does nt have enough money.
So Josh and E.
L.
Get Kyle to come along.
Kyle is a compulsive worrier.
Who lives.
So Josh  E.
L.
Rubin  and Kyle try to head for 1800 miles in less than three days and leave Barry to take care of Mitch.
Beth asks him.
Barry is taking care.
Where Josh is.
Barry tells her.
Josh went in Boston  in confusion with Austin.
Beth then goes.
Where everyone is naked.
They suggest.
She should go to tell Tiffany about the situation  which Beth does.
However  the Tiffany is the wrong one.
She confronts.
But.
Then come will waste 5 hours back tracking.
They think.
But they soon think.
They could jump the gap.
Kyle objects jump it anyway.
They make it but the wheels fall off.
The car explodes.
They continue at a motel.
Rubin tries off the Motel Clerk and is informed.
Kyle s credit card is maxed out.
Meanwhile  Kyle s father  Earl tries to pay out card  but is denied service.
He then begins an all-out search.
Kyle has turned up missing.
The group goes through a series of hilarious misadventures  such as Rubin successfully bluffing his way into an all-Black fraternity house at the University of Tennessee and a riotous visit with Barry s grandparents.
He calls his professor and gets an extension.
Josh s books were destroyed.
So he thinks.
The group finally gets and   Josh intercepts the tape.
They get.
He sent.
Meanwhile  Earl shows up.
He is enraged.
What happened and threatens to take Kyle back home with him.
Kyle finally gets the courage to stand up.
He is going back with his friends.
Josh and Tiffany watch the tape  mooning.
Turns out to be nothing but Barry.
Beth has found out.
Where the real Tiffany is.
She calls to warn Josh.
He has been duped.
Josh now has 48 hours.
To get back  and  possibly  be kicked out of college.
Josh and Tiffany agree to break up and remain friends.
They talk.
Josh and his buddies head back.
Josh arrives just to take his midterm - with a little help from Beth.
Josh passes the course.
He is now free to hook up.
They make more videos together.
<EOS>
The film focuses.
Who are followed.
The mega prom was introduced almost 50 years ago by the city s Rotary Club after an alcohol-related car accident.
The Rotary decided to sponsor a post-prom party for the city s high schools as a safe alternative for.
The city of Racine is portrayed as a racially mixed population with a similar socio-economic status.
The film paints an honest  humorous portrait and the long and rich history of its one-of-a-kind prom.
Some are going to college after graduation  others are headed to the military.
We are given an inside look from the students  selection of gowns to dinner.
The celebration begins.
Where students are shown riding fire engines  18-wheelers  and even elephants.
Prom-goers converge on one city-wide prom to make red carpet entrances.
We are given an update almost five years later about some of the people featured in the film.
Several have not achieved their high school goals.
Others have lost contact.
One heartfelt scene shows a couple going off.
<EOS>
Bumbling cop Chatur Singh is sent to South Africa to solve a high profile case involving the murder of a politician and a cache of diamonds.
But he must deal.
He can redeem his botched.
Include a crazy mafia don  a weird taxi driver  a hysterical boss and a pretty damsel.
<EOS>
Papa Bear sees an ad and makes his family practice.
He learns it was called and throws himself off a cliff.
<EOS>
Nello is a young boy.
Whose mother died when he was a child.
He lives.
They live a poor existence  eking out a living delivering milk.
They find a Bouvier des Flandres dog beaten and left on the side of the path for dead.
Nursed back  this working dog of Flanders becomes Nello s companion throughout the movie.
He has a friend  a girl.
Who is his lifelong companion.
Her father owns the local mill.
The wicked landlord is a vile man.
Who is evil.
Nello is an artist.
Who rests his hopes.
The mill owner bans Nello.
Time passes and Nello grows older.
Then  the evil landlord accidentally burns the mill.
Nello is blamed.
His grandfather dies shortly thereafter.
People stop buying Nello s milk.
Things turn bad.
He is evicted  and loses the art contest.
Walking  Nello finds the mill owner s wallet containing a vast sum of money.
This is Christmas Day.
He returns the wallet  and departs into a Christmas Day winter blizzard.
He seeks shelter.
Where there is a view.
He then has a dream and.
No one loves him.
He decides.
He wants to live his life.
He is found.
His father is a very famous artist  Michael La Grande.
Who did not know Nello was his son but had been encouraging his artwork.
This is realized.
All live happily ever.
<EOS>
Dr Susan Wheeler is a surgical resident.
Wheeler is devastated.
When her best friend is pronounced brain dead and ends up.
Looking  Susan finds.
A number of other fit young people have ended up the same way.
She comes to the cases  they all took place in the same operating theatre.
All the comatose bodies were moved.
She continues to investigate  increasingly alone  starting to wonder.
She can trust even her own boyfriend  Dr Mark Bellows.
Eventually she discovers.
The Jefferson Institute is a front.
Boston Memorial is  purposely inducing comas in patients.
Whose organs match those.
The patients are rendered brain dead  through a pipe.
Leads to the OR.
Susan s investigation then reveals the mastermind - Dr George Harris  Chief of Surgery.
Who she has been confiding in all along.
Dr Harris tries to stop Susan  and attempts to render her brain dead with carbon monoxide in operating room eight  under the pretext of performing a appendectomy.
However Dr Bellows  now having realized the truth as well  manages to find and disconnect the pipe.
It can poison Susan.
The movie ends.
Meanwhile Dr Harris stands defeated.
Two police officers wait outside to arrest him.
<EOS>
Thoppul kodi proclaims the pathetic life.
Music done.
He was also known.
He is an upcoming music composer.
He has done Tamil films karuvarai Pookkal  Kannada Banna banna da loka  Parvathy pura  and also.
Doing English Hindi films  serials and documentaries.
He already released  Yes we can.
Few English albums Waves.
Few English and urdu albums going to be released bayee.
<EOS>
Set  King Low-Brow rules the land and a harem of wives.
He falls with the King s favorite wife.
When Charlie arrives.
He is presumed dead.
When the King falls.
Charlie crowns himself King.
The King  however  is not dead and comes back and bashes Charlie with a rock.
It turns out.
It was a dream.
A police man bashed Charlie.
He was sleeping.
<EOS>
Deepak is a budding filmmaker trying to get his first production out.
He meets and falls with Geetha  and decides to take his relationship with her further.
His first film is made.
Misunderstandings lead a struggling actor.
Who is looking.
<EOS>
The documentary follows the adventure.
Who is forced to leave his home.
Lost  he tries to reunite with his family  but encounters large  fierce  and deadly creatures.
<EOS>
The film relates the story.
Who returns after living in Germany for 33 years.
Arriving  Doctor Parsa performs a heart operation on the nephew of the family friend Mr Ghanati.
Mr Ghanati urges him to travel to his home town  Bam.
They drive past the rubble and destruction.
Parsa remembers back.
<EOS>
Marion  a Marine recruit is kicked out of the Corps and sent home in a blue fatigue uniform.
The Corps did not wish less than honourably discharged Marine recruits to wear a uniform.
Recruits sent their civilian clothes home or sold them.
They had not earned.
The Corps issued light blue uniforms used by Flying Cadets prior to Pearl Harbor  hence the name Baby Blue Marine for a failed recruit.
Ashamed  Marion meets a Marine Raider a young  battle-scarred war hero back.
Who has aged with prematurely gray hair.
He knocks out Marion and changes uniforms.
The Raider does nt wish to return.
Marion enters an idyllic small town.
Where the decorations and Raider shoulder sleeve insignia make him a hero to the community whose own young men are away at the war.
<EOS>
Tom and Betsy Rath live around.
They have three television-addicted kids and have money problems.
Tom is 33 years old  a Harvard graduate.
He barely survived during World War II  having fought in both the European and Pacific combat theaters.
Tom has haunting flashbacks as well as his combat experiences -- these would almost certainly be diagnosed as PTSD today.
He killed 17 men.
His selfish and materialistic stay-at-home wife knows.
That Tom is somehow changed.
She feels  so she and a fellow train commuter urge him to interview.
His job pays too little.
Tom lands a public relations job  working at the network  an empire-builder surrounded by politicking.
Hopkins is to propose the establishment to a group of physicians and offer his own prestige and network toward that end.
Tom must solve.
His boss can best present the proposal so that the learned doctors will rise and appoint Hopkins to spearhead the campaign.
Hired  Tom reports to a humorless.
Who rejects five different drafts and ends up substituting one of his own.
Hopkins is satisfied.
Tom persuades him.
The approach is all wrong  that it misrepresents Hopkins  qualifications to head the campaign.
Tom s approach is more sensible  Hopkins is impressed.
Tom reminds Hopkins.
Who was killed.
There are a number  The caretaker of Tom s late grandmother tries to fraudulently inherit her home  Hopkins  estrangement from his wife and daughter  and Tom s adulterous behavior during the war and an out-of-wedlock son conceived in Italy.
Whose mother suddenly contacts him to seek monetary support.
Betsy goes berserk on hearing of this secret  but eventually calms down and understands mutual emotional support -- not just mutual ambition -- binding wife and husband.
His boss s marriage and family life have been ruined.
Order to work normal hours and spend more time.
<EOS>
An Israeli A-4 Skyhawk carrying a nuclear weapon is shot down over the Syrian desert.
The bomb   is consumed by the sand and disappears.
Twenty-nine years later  President J.
Robert Fowler and his senior national security advisors   are conducting a top-secret military simulation of a Russian nuclear attack against the United States.
Meanwhile  the bomb is found by a couple of scrap dealers and unwittingly sold to an arms dealer named Olson for $.
Who sells it to an Austrian neo-Nazi named Richard Dressler for $ 50 million.
The United States becomes concerned.
When Alexander Nemerov becomes the new President.
Cabot seeks the opinion.
Who has done extensive research.
Cabot and Ryan are invited to the Kremlin to meet with Nemerov personally.
Tension arises.
When Nemerov protests U.
S.
Involvement. 
Nonetheless  Nemerov and Ryan develop a rapport.
Ryan notices.
Three Russian nuclear technicians are not present.
Nemerov s aide  Anatoli Grushkov  claims.
There is nothing amiss.
Cabot s covert informant says.
The whereabouts are truly unknown to the Russian government.
C.
Cabot sends operative John Clark to track down the missing scientists.
Clark discovers them  constructing Dressler s bomb.
President Fowler becomes concerned and responds by sending NATO peacekeeping troops to Chechnya.
When President Nemerov takes responsibility.
Ryan correctly believes.
Nemerov took responsibility only to save face before political radicals in Russia  and loses credibility in the White House.
Meanwhile  the nuclear bomb  disguised  arrives in a crate in Baltimore  Maryland  and is placed at a football stadium.
Dressler reveals his intentions in placing the bomb in Baltimore  frustrated and angered with the American and Russian paternalism over smaller European nations  Dressler has resolved to destroy both nations.
As Adolf Hitler desired in World War II.
Dressler notes  Communism was a fool s errand.
The followers gone from this earth.
The followers abound and thrive.
Dressler and his associates plan to aggravate an already tense relationship between the two nations to the point of full-blown nuclear war.
Ryan informs Cabot  but learns.
Both he and President Fowler are attending a football game.
Cabot orders U.
S.
Secret Service agents to rush the President out.
The President manages to escape the stadium.
Only moments detonates  destroying a significant part of the city and scattering the President s motorcade.
Fowler is rescued by heliborne United States Marines  and taken airborne on a Boeing E-4B Advanced Airborne Command Post with his cabinet.
Immediately  they fear.
The bomb was Russian.
Ryan s girlfriend  Dr Catherine Muller  survives.
The blast and Ryan survives a helicopter crash.
Cabot dies later.
Dressler telephones one of his associates  a corrupt general in the Russian Air Force.
Order to further aggravate the situation  the general orders his Tu-22M Backfire pilots to strike an American aircraft carrier USS John C.
Stennis in the North Sea under the false pretext that a U.
S.
Intercontinental ballistic missile has destroyed Moscow.
The strike heavily damages the Stennis and renders the carrier incapable.
Fowler orders United States Air Force F-16 fighter jets to attack the originating Russian air base.
Tensions escalate rapidly deteriorates.
To prove  Fowler orders SNAPCOUNT  the military alert level  preparing to launch a massive nuclear strike on Russian military targets.
He is willing to take the exchange.
Seeing that the U.
S.
Has dispatched B-2 Spirit stealth bombers and Ohio-class submarines  Nemerov prepares to launch his missiles.
Ryan first learns after a U.
S.
Army Radiation Assessment Team conducts an isotopic fingerprint analysis around ground zero in Baltimore.
It is concluded.
The plutonium was manufactured in Savannah River nuclear plant in South Carolina in 1968  thus indicating that the original fissile material was of American  not Russian  origin.
He tries  unsuccessfully  to communicate this information.
Ryan takes Cabot s personal effects  and with Cabot s text messenger  asks Spinnaker.
The American plutonium ended up.
Spinnaker tells him.
S.
Had secretly managed to send it.
Meanwhile  John Clark learns.
Who is dying.
Ryan s co-workers files.
That implicate Dressler and who is behind the Baltimore attack.
Ryan learns.
Ryan gets  only to find Dressler s American contact Jared Mason murdered by Dressler s German hitman Haft.
Haft attacks Ryan.
Ryan manages to get the upper hand.
Ryan tries to force Haft to talk  but is thwarted.
The Maryland State Police arrive.
Ryan manages to get to the Pentagon.
Where he is able to communicate the truth.
Relying  Nemerov proposes a plan to Fowler to a stand down.
Fowler follows suit.
The nuclear war is averted.
The two presidents meet and make peace down and assassinate the terrorist conspirators.
C.
Fowler and Nemerov address the Baltimore tragedy and the future during a speech on the White House lawn.
Ryan and Muller are having a picnic.
When they are approached.
It is revealed.
Grushkov is Spinnaker  Cabot s covert source.
Grushkov gives Muller a modest gift.
Muller and Ryan are perplexed.
They have not told anyone.
Ryan asks Grushkov.
He could possibly know this secret.
He simply smiles  shrugs and walks away.
<EOS>
A French fishing trawler crew becomes incapacitated after eating contaminated food while in the middle of a storm.
The story follows the efforts to deliver an antidote.
<EOS>
The Invisible Children is a love story set against a small town.
The narrator tells the story.
His father and his mother fell.
The story follows various characters.
But we discover.
The two protagonists actually never meet.
The narrator reveals his true identity.
Who could have met.
<EOS>
The brain is possessed by the soul of a medieval monk.
Who thinks he knows the secret.
<EOS>
Karan Singh lives a wealthy lifestyle.
His mother  Rani Maa  spent most and left his upbringing to his nanny.
Karan ended up believing her to be his real mother.
Now matured  a womanizer and alcoholic  he comes.
Who is being molested.
Lata attempts to change his bad habits  initially meets  but eventually succeeds  they fall in love.
Karan even builds a palace and names it ` Prem Nagar.
Their idyllic romance is shattered and   a much-humiliated Lata quits.
When Lata is accused.
Her family moves out.
<EOS>
A small-town policeman works to uncover the truth  the disappearance of his son eight years earlier  and a fifty year old homicide of another boy.
Entertainment Weekly - Rhona Mitra.
In the opening scenes  a mummified corpse is unearthed.
The policeman fears and welcomes closure to the search for his son  however  pathology demonstrates.
These are the remains.
The film continues  showing the events leading to the crimes and the investigation.
Work has become an obsession since the disappearance of his ten-year-old son  Tommy Jr.
Adkins takes.
When an early morning phone call leads him.
His investigation leads him.
Who lived.
The striking similarities pushes Adkins  obsession over the top.
Barely holding and bound by redemption  Adkins unravels the unspeakable truth behind.
What happened.
<EOS>
Uyayi opens.
An obscure hospital named the Angel was haunted by unknown spirits.
Most are male patients.
A nurse named Melissa points the finger to Dr Carl  one of the superior doctors of the aforementioned hospital.
A frantic Melissa seeks help.
Melissa and James conclude.
Someone or something makes the patients die.
James offered to spy  pretending to be a sick patient to investigate.
Dr Carl is indeed the killer.
They even interviewed a patient   gaining no information.
The next night  the spirits attacked again  this time killing another patient.
Some doctors speculated.
He died.
Worse  Melissa discovered.
James had a girlfriend.
James and Melissa s plan failed.
The tide began to turn  one night.
When Dr Carl was found dead.
Sensing danger  Melissa s sanity began to wane  she wonders.
The culprit is human.
A series began to manifest themselves  driving her crazy.
The conclusion all began at the 3AM next morning.
The hauntings worsened  she began to see hallucinations.
Finally  the young journalist calmed her down and formulated their next move.
Surprisingly  Melissa began to lose her sanity and hums a lullaby  a very spine-chilling lullaby resembling a mockingbird s song.
She begrudgingly warns James to never turn back and pushed him  severely burning him.
Melissa stabs him.
It was revealed.
Melissa was the real culprit.
Salamin grips us into the uncanny tale of a family moving into a new house.
Was seemed uninhabited.
This old house has nothing  even electricity  making the atmosphere horrible.
Rosing  along Angel and Nina begin a new life at their new home.
However  Rosing detects the smell.
It was happening ever.
They sat foot.
Angel dismisses it  saying.
She is sick.
The girls explored the rest  saying.
It was perfect.
Meanwhile  Nina tries to open a door leading.
One night   the mysterious door opened itself.
This door was the one.
Nina was trying to open that morning.
They examined the basement to see an antique-looking mirror.
Angel then told Nina   make a wish.
You lighted a candle  during a full moon.
It will come true.
Rosing objected  saying.
It s too dangerous.
So dangerous it is.
Immediately   strange things began to stir the atmosphere.
They have conjured the spirits.
What the girls do nt know.
The mirror was supposed to be a portal.
Whom they have summoned.
However  the ghosts do not reveal themselves yet.
Lander s unfaithfulness adds strain to their relationship causing them to be estranged.
Thus  they have no contact.
The hauntings began to worsen.
A frantic Angel seeks help.
Their guts were right  Trixie told them.
The spirits were souls of the previous tenants of the house.
They were nt just one  but many.
And there is only one culprit.
Angel and Trixie have decided to get rid  dumping it in the river.
Rosing decided to bless the house.
However  the hauntings worsened.
Morning  after another haunting incident  the family had had enough.
They hastily packed and were to move.
Angel saw another mirror.
They depart.
Foresaw that her family will die.
The spirits have followed them relentlessly.
That night  Angel decided to stop it all and trekked back.
There  she learns.
The house caretaker Nestor was the culprit.
The chase begins here.
Trixie  Rosing and Nina came  however  Trixie was bludgeoned in the head.
They were forced to abandon her.
Angel  Rosing and Nina tried to flee.
They were cornered  Angel and Rosing were stabbed  Nina  the remaining survivor  was pursued in the attic.
Where the latter hums the lullaby to lure the terrified little girl.
A bleeding Angel hits Nestor  killing him.
Afterwards  Angel dies.
The ending winds up being the epilogue to Salamin and a prologue to Uyayi.
It turns out.
She is placed with an adoption agency and changes her name from Nina to Melissa.
She leaves.
Where she studies nursing  only to return to the Philippines to work at the Angel of Mercy hospital.
It is then revealed.
Her childhood home was demolished.
The hospital was erected.
The spirits are the same ghosts.
Haunts the Angel.
Haunted Nina/Melissa s old house.
The movie ends.
The audience was privy in Salamin.
Still wracked  Melissa delude herself into believing her mother  Angel and James are still alive and pretends to have dinner with them.
Angel tells Melissa  it is shown  she is actually not talking.
She ca nt hold them  and as the camera zooms out.
Nina/Melissa is actually carrying the entire conversation.
James is still very dead.
Melissa imagines  then leans.
She hears James whisper her name.
Suddenly  James awakens and grabs her by the neck.
The film ends abruptly.
<EOS>
Jimmy Grimble is a 15-year-old misfit living.
Where nothing seems to go his way.
Jimmy loves football.
He is a fervent supporter and attends home games with Donna s ex boyfriend  Harry.
But  his skills begin to change.
When an old woman gives Jimmy a pair.
<EOS>
Professor Appleby has terrorised his wife  Eleanor  but.
When he is murdered.
Her lover  Derek goes missing  Eleanor suspects the worst.
A mysterious stranger  known  appears  and begins to seduce Eleanor  but his alcoholism takes over.
He dies.
He reveals  and offers the girl to a rival.
He was Derek all along.
Who promises to make Eleanor a happy wife.
This plot also appears.
<EOS>
The film tells.
One Morning.
She is told to escort Seema home as she has returned.
A tearful Seema tells her.
When she arrives.
She had called Sohail.
She had become pregnant  however she abstained from telling Sohail and was going away to work.
He had finally found the job.
So she had the baby  hid the child and awaited Sohail s return.
But he never came.
She entrusts Najma.
Najma agrees and takes her home.
She leaves the baby.
Meanwhile   the son of Seth Khan Bahadur  Nasir  leads a privileged life and is habitual of going to nightclubs and various parties with his friend Shahid.
One day   his father catches him red handed and proceeds to scold him.
He tells Nasir.
His late friend s wife has sent a letter.
Nasir is to leave the next day.
Nasir is reluctant but has no choice  however he is given the choice to choose.
He agrees.
Nasir takes.
His friend Shahid along and roles with him  thereby exempting himself from marriage.
Shahid and Nasir become acquainted with the family.
Shahid  acting  immediately takes a liking to Dolly.
Nasir  however  takes a liking and the two fall in love.
The Shahid and Nasir are told.
Seth Khan Bahadur has been invited to Murree to finalize the marriage.
Nasir  the real Nasir  comes.
However  his real father arrives and exposes the whole truth.
Nasir tells him and.
His father has told him off.
She is the perfect person to take.
His father  seeing  joyfully agrees.
Serious he is.
However   she reacts strangely and says.
When his father talks.
Najma is not the innocent girl she seems to be.
She then calls the old peasant.
Who Najma left Seema s baby  into the room carrying Seema s baby.
Najma s aunt asks her to put the baby.
She then puts the baby.
Najma  bound to Seema  says nothing.
Nasir is shocked and refuses to accept it.
He desperately tries to persuade Najma to deny the accusation.
Najma  sworn tells Nasir to forget her.
Nasir is crushed and leaves.
Nasir  returned  is overcome with depression and resorts to drinking to forget his sadness.
His father worries and asks him to marry Seema.
Seema says no to the marriage but is forced into it by her mother.
She ventures to find Najma.
Who now lives.
She asks Najma to break her promise.
Najma stands and tells her to marry Nasir.
It is.
Finally Seema agrees.
Meanwhile   the nephew of the old peasant tries to force Najma to marry him.
She apparently kills him.
Then she runs away with the baby and arrives at Nasir s house.
Nasir is infuriated and is repulsed.
She brought the baby as well.
Seema however persuades Nasir to give Najma shelter.
This allows her to be close as well.
Meanwhile  Seema s long gone lover  Sohail returns only to find her married.
He tries to meet.
Najma stops him just and pleads to him to go back  but does nt tell him.
What has happened as she is bound.
Nasir thinks.
Sohail is Najma s lover when he sees them talking and falls.
Sohail however  keeps writing letters.
The household servant gladly takes.
One day however  he is caught red handed.
But Nasir is unaware.
The letters were meant.
He confronts Sohail and questions his relationship with Najma.
He is awe struck.
When Sohail reveals the truth.
He confronts Najma and asks her.
What gave her the right to toy and weave this web of lies.
He also reveals.
The baby is Seema s.
This way she kept away shame.
Seema s mother expresses her gratitude  but tells her to leave.
They would always live in shame.
Najma  now dejected and completely helpless accepts this.
She is found.
When she leaves.
Who had nt died.
Their chase proceeds fall over.
He is devastated.
When this news reaches Nasir.
Meanwhile amidst all the depression  Seema takes poison and dies as well.
Nasir and his family  along  travels to Murree.
Where Nasir drowns and becomes an alcoholic.
He spends his time.
Where he hallucinates that Najma is present.
One day  it turns out.
When Shahid is out he sees Najma on crutches.
The fall did nt kill her  but broke her legs.
Shahid persuades her to come home and marry Nasir and also tells her about Seema s death.
Who is depressed all the time.
Both proceed to Nasir s home  only to find him missing.
His father and Seema s mother welcome her  but tell her.
He might do something desperate.
Najma rushes to find him trying to commit suicide.
She sings and asks him to come back.
Nasir sees her.
The two embrace each other.
<EOS>
Drugs and organized crime have overrun the poorer suburbs of Paris and especially Banlieue 13  commonly referred to as B13  a ghetto with a population of some two million.
Unable to control B13 topped the entire area forcing the inhabitants within to survive without education  proper utilities or police protection behind the containment wall.
The authorities construct a high wall.
Police checkpoints stop anybody going in or out.
Three years later an almost feudal system has developed.
The area is now flooded and completely controlled by gangsters.
Certain blocks are ruled over apartment block is looked after by an athletic and street-wise man known as Leito.
Leito hates drugs and injustice and wages a one-man war.
Leito captures 20 kg  worth over a million euro.
Incites Taha to send his thugs to recover the merchandise  led.
Leito destroys the cocaine and uses parkour to evade Taha s thugs through the building and across rooftops.
Taha kidnaps Leito s younger sister.
Lola to use.
Leito manages to invade Taha s base  rescue his sister  and kidnap Taha.
Leito takes Taha at the edge of the district perimeter.
The police are  and are also threefold outnumbered by Taha s gang.
The police release Taha and allow him to take Lola to avoid a confrontation.
They put Leito in a cell also to contain the situation.
Leito kills the police chief.
Six months later   an undercover police captain named.
Damien Tomaso infiltrates an underground casino and attempts to arrest Carlos Montoya  the gangster who owns it.
His extraction procedure fails  however  forcing him to fight his way to escape the casino.
Damien immediately receives another assignment from his chief and also the Defence Secretary of France  Mr Kruger.
He is told.
Taha has stolen an experimental neutron bomb that is set to detonate.
His mission is to convince Leito  imprisoned  to lead him to Taha s base.
That he can disarm the bomb.
Damien attempts to pass himself off and helps Leito escape to.
Leito sees and abandons him.
Damien locates Leito and admits the truth.
They team up to disarm the bomb and rescue Lola.
The pair surrenders.
Order to gain access.
There  they discover  pointed and is prepared to blackmail the government with it.
Taha has rigged the warhead.
Taha demands a high ransom.
Is refused.
The pair escape.
He discovers.
Taha s thugs pursue them.
The government has emptied all in the Bahamas and elsewhere.
One asks.
Taha will pay them.
Frustrated  Taha tries to shoot the member.
Who asked him that only to discover that his gun is empty.
Taha offers money.
He possesses.
Knowing  the thugs shoot and kill Taha.
There is no reason to endure his ruthlessness any longer.
This leaves.
K2  a more sympathetic leader  has a moment of reconciliation with Leito  suggesting that peace is possible in the future within.
Leito and Damien fight their way.
They are confronted.
Damien underestimates Yeti and tries attacking him  but is gradually overpowered.
Leito helps out Damien and gains the upper hand by tying him up with an electricity cord.
Damien then picks up a brick and smashes it  knocking him out.
Having defeated Yeti  Damien calls his contact to receive the deactivation code .
Leito recognizes the code to the bomb s location  the day s date  and the district .
Leito deduces.
The government has set them up.
The code will actually detonate the bomb.
He fights Damien to prevent him.
Who chose to believe  from entering the code.
The timer runs out.
The bomb does not detonate  proving Leito s theory.
The pair return with the bomb and use it to force Mr Kruger admit.
He had planned to blow up B13 to get rid of it.
The confession is then revealed to have been filmed and is immediately broadcast.
The pair s actions cause a major scandal.
Sparks public support.
Soon the rest promises to tear down the containment wall and bring back schools and police to.
Leito and Damien depart to encourage him to visit B13 in the future.
<EOS>
Pete Dumond  Chief Make-up Artist  is pink-slipped by the new management from the East  Jeffrey Clayton and John Nixon.
Who plan to make musicals and comedies for which Pete has created his remarkable monster make-ups and made the studio famous.
Pete vows to use the very monsters.
These men have rejected to destroy them.
Their careers are.
Who are playing the characters Teenage Werewolf and Teenage Frankenstein currently shooting on the lot.
Pete causes Larry in werewolf make-up to kill Nixon in the studio projection room.
Later he wills the unknowing Tony to wait at night and brutally choke him to death.
Studio guard Monahan  a self-styled detective  stops in and shows Pete and Rivero -- Pete s reluctant assistant and accomplice -- his little black book.
Which he has jotted down many facts Pete and Rivero checked out the night of the first murder.
He plans to get a promotion.
Apprehensive  Pete  made up  kills Monahan in the studio commissary at a later point on his beat.
Richards  the older guard sees and hears nothing.
He uncovers Monahan s body.
Police investigators uncover two clues  a maid  Millie  describes the Monster Frankenstein.
Who struck her down as he fled.
The Police Laboratory Technician discovers a peculiar ingredient.
The formula matches bits found.
Where Pete has taken Rivero  Tony and Larry to his home which is a museum of all the monsters that he has created in the 25 years in the studio.
Pete has stabbed Rivero secretly in the kitchen and hidden his body.
Finding Tony and Larry trying to escape the locked living room  he attacks them  but Larry knocks over a candelabra  setting the living room on fire.
Pete is burned.
The police break.
The flames reach the boys.
<EOS>
Indian-born Manmohan Malhotra re-located established.
Himself  returned  got married to Bebo  and after four years got a visa for her so that she could live with him.
Shortly thereafter  she gave birth.
Manmohan was always embarrassed.
She was fat and could not speak English.
He always left her out of important occasions.
He socialized.
Bebo did not want Jasmeet to end up  so she got her educated in an English school  encouraged to mingle with British friends.
Jasmeet was transformed in -- a beautiful young woman  modern in looks  talk  habits  and heart.
Her father had set her to meet a young lad  Bobby Bedi.
The date turns out to be a disaster.
Bobby rejects her.
Manmohan thinks.
It is impossible to get him a Indian son-in-law  although his friend  Parvez Khan  is.
Manmohan takes his family and forces Jasmeet to marry Arjun Singh.
Jasmeet announces.
She is getting married and has good friends and connections  even with Prince Charles.
She refuses to recognize her marriage.
There is no proof.
She is subjected from Winston Churchill  `  the country will be in the hands of goons.
When Jasmeet is introduced.
When we leave India.
Jazz becomes close with Arjun.
Who still supports her.
Charlie Brown then has a rugby match  the English lose.
Brown is verbally racist.
Become a Christian  change his name  as well as provide a written proof.
Imran is asked to leave Islam.
His family is not associated.
The film ends  not turns to be a Christian and Susan being accepted with Imran s family  Jazz realizes.
Her love runs away from her wedding to Charlie Brown and goes with Arjun back to India where they are seen riding Arjun s motorcycle.
<EOS>
J.
Harold Manners is a millionaire playboy.
Who accidentally finds himself.
There  he unknowingly gives a man enough money to start a religious mission.
He goes there to tell them to take his name off.
He hears that a mission was started.
He did nt have anything to do.
Once there  however  he falls.
Who works.
Harold runs.
Order to build up attendance  and win Hope s attention.
He eventually wins the girl.
They marry  but not from his high-brow friends.
<EOS>
The film begins from a news cameraman and reporter.
Who are covering a story.
The son and wife turn and kill several medical personnel and police officers but leave one medic and a reporter bitten before being killed.
The narrator  Debra  explains  but was recorded.
Most was never broadcast.
A group are in the woods making a horror film along with their faculty adviser  Andrew Maxwell.
When they hear news.
Two decide to leave the group.
The project director Jason goes to visit his girlfriend Debra.
They travel.
When she can not contact her family.
En route Mary runs.
The group stops.
Mary attempts to kill herself.
Her friends take her.
Where they find the dead becoming zombies  and thereafter fight to survive while traveling.
Mary becomes a zombie and is slain.
Later Gordo is bitten.
His girlfriend is forced to shoot him herself.
Tracy begs the others not to shoot him immediately but later.
Soon they are stranded.
When their vehicle s fuel line breaks.
They are attacked.
Tracy repairs the vehicle named Samuel.
Samuel is bitten and kills himself and his attacker with a scythe.
Passing a city they are stopped being member of the National Guard.
There  Debra receives a message.
Who informs her that he and their parents were camping.
The students then leave.
Their only reliable source is now the Internet  aided by bloggers.
They find her reanimated mother and brother feeding.
When they arrive.
They escape and are stopped by different National Guardsmen.
Who rob them  leaving them.
They arrive.
Where Ridley explains that his parents  the staff  and Francine were killed.
He then imprisons Debra and Tony and is revealed himself.
He kills Eliot and attacks Tracy and Jason.
Jason is able to distract Ridley long enough to escape.
The survivors then hide  with the exception of Jason.
Who is later infected.
Maxwell kills.
Ridley and Debra kills Jason  and continues filming.
Debra watches Jason s recording of a hunting party shooting people.
Who were left to die and be reanimated.
<EOS>
The story  set  features a planned escape to the West and the arrest of one of its central characters for desertion from the army.
The main couple  Tereza and Simon  struggles to enjoy the free spirit in spite of the turbulent political circumstances.
<EOS>
Walter  a scientist living  secretly works to create a self-aware android in his own likeness.
Where technology has been outlawed.
This android  named Puzzlehead  acts as the scientist s companion and his connection to the outside world  all the time developing his own personality and self-awareness in the manner of a learning child.
The android and his maker turn.
When Puzzlehead pursues Julia  a woman who does not know Walter has feelings.
<EOS>
Grace and her father travel with a number of gunmen through rural Alabama.
Where they stop briefly.
A black woman emerges from Manderlay s front gates complaining.
Someone is about to be whipped.
Grace enters the plantation and learns.
Slavery persists  roughly 70 years after the American Civil War and the Emancipation Proclamation.
Grace is appalled  and insists.
Order to guarantee the slaves  safe transition.
Mam  the master of the house  dies  but not before asking Grace to burn a notebook containing Mam s Law  an exhaustive code of conduct for the entire plantation and all its inhabitants  free and slave.
Mam s Law contains further provisions  or the felling of trees on the property for timber.
All disgusts Grace  and inspires her to take charge of the plantation.
Order to punish the slave owners and prepare the slaves as free individuals.
Grace orders Joseph to draw up contracts  institutionalizing a communistic form of cooperative living.
Order to guarantee that the former slaves will not continue to be exploited.
Which the white family works as slaves and the blacks collectively own the plantation and its crops.
Grace lectures all those present about the notions of freedom and democracy  using rhetoric entirely in keeping with the ideology of racial equality.
Most contemporary Americans had yet to embrace.
Grace fails to embed these principles in a form.
As the film progresses.
She considers satisfactory.
Furthermore  her suggestions backfire on several occasions  such as using the surrounding trees for timber.
Leaves the crops vulnerable.
The community harvests its cotton and successfully sells it  marking the high point of Grace s involvement.
Subsequently she unenthusiastically has sex of the ex-slaves and gambles away all of the cotton profits.
Who also steals.
Finally admitting her failure  Grace contacts her father and attempts to leave the plantation only to be stopped.
It is revealed  protecting the blacks from a hostile outside world.
Mam s Law was not conceived and enforced  as a means of maintaining the status quo after the abolition of slavery.
The idealistic main character becomes frustrated by the reality.
He or she encounters.
<EOS>
Kashinath is having his own business and running a small office.
His secretary is a young lady.
Who wants to marry him but has never expressed her feelings verbally.
She tries to seduce him.
That he will propose her some day.
He does have some sexual feelings.
He acts as if he is not interested.
Kashinath is a bachelor and has no women  his mother always insist him to get married.
He too is trying hard to get a Woman.
He even has a crush but could not express his feelings due to his introvert character.
He meets his future wife Anjali.
Where he nurses and drops her home.
Anjali stays next.
She used to see him.
He is doing some Yogasanas to overcome the sexual weakness.
It will be a love.
The marriage goes.
Both are happy about their relationship.
Now the film takes an interesting turn  the secretary is jealous and want to ruin his married life.
Who had crush.
Daily she used to give him a prescribed tablet.
She decides to flip the tablet.
That he will never be happy.
She gets the tablet.
Vanishes the sexual feeling after telling him that it is very difficult to control her husband during nights.
She hands.
He goes.
He starts loving his wife they can have sex.
His wife insists that they should take bath.
He remembers the tablet and take one.
When his wife enters bathroom.
Immediately vanishes all his sexual feelings.
He escapes that night acting.
If he has a severe stomach ache.
They meet one more couple.
Who is staying.
The other guy is a sex machine and used to have sex all the time.
Makes her think to run away.
The tablet effect continues.
Drives his wife crazy as each and every time Kashinath use to tell some or the other reason and escapes.
Finally Anjali informs her Grandma M.
N Lakshmi Devi.
Who prepares a Lehya and ask her to give it.
The wife of the other couple plan to mix a sleeping pill in a juice.
That she will be free for at least a day.
Kashinath is in top mood.
He comes to the hotel lobby.
Where he consumes the juice.
Anjali s mother feels.
Even the Lehya has failed to provoke her daughters husband and hence decides to apply.
Kashinath is sent to a lady psychiatrist Sihikahi Geetha.
Who examines and give him confidence.
He is all right.
There is nothing wrong.
The second couple s wife tries to escape from her husband and sleeps in an open room.
Turns out to be kashinath and Anjalis room.
Thinking the lady is his wife he starts making love with her.
The scene worsens.
She decides  supported by her mother and granny.
He tries.
To convince her explaining the misinterpretation and when all the negotiation fails he lifts his wife and rushes to his room and starts making love with her.
She accepts him initially.
Hence movie ends.
He never take any pills again.
Makes him normal.
<EOS>
Tom sneaks and sees a female goldfish swimming in a bowl.
Tom does not want to eat such a sweet creature.
He assuages himself.
He must eat.
He extends his arm and gropes for the fish.
She lets out a bubble and carries the message  HELP.
Drifts. 
Tom  triumphant  sneaks back out of the house  but is soon seen leaping out through the door and through a window in pain from being struck with the pin.
Jerry returns the fish.
Tom revives and removes the pin  but soon finds.
He is stuck.
He pops his arms and eyes out and tests himself with the pin  it will not work on the steel.
Tom grabs an axe and rushes.
Jerry is terrified and runs toward his hole  suffering numerous near misses from the axe.
Tom continues chopping.
Jerry inserts Tom s tail.
Tom soon realizes.
He s cut up his own tail and screws it back on before he hears a whistle.
It is Jerry waving  with a grease slick set out for the cat.
Tom can not see the grease and slips.
Jerry closes the door.
Smashes him.
Tom walks out.
Jerry shows him the door.
He falls.
The trash man soon collects.
Him and he is dumped.
The cat walks back down the street  fuming.
Tom goes.
He removes tacks.
He sneaks back and sees Jerry standing guard with another long pin.
Tom hides and builds his hose system with a lot of residual noise.
Jerry and the fish appear terrified.
Tom emerges and lays the hose.
He runs out.
Jerry is scratching his head.
When suddenly the goldfish disappears down a hole.
Jerry pulls her out.
Tom is sucking and spitting it out.
That he will eventually swallow the fish  except that Jerry pulled her out.
Jerry fills a large container to serve as a temporary bowl.
Whilst Tom is still  Jerry sees all the water disappearing from the bowl and then sees part of the hose.
Jerry comes up and dashes off.
Tom again is beginning to get frustrated.
Jerry  has hooked up the other end to a full bathtub.
Jerry waves labeled.
It dumps its cargo.
Sees Jerry and attempts to devour the mouse.
Tom   and then sees.
Who apparently has filled the entire room.
He has reeled.
Tom puffs up the hose and then bursts it.
The shark chases and bites his tail.
Tom swims off naked.
Jerry then charms the little goldfish.
It is soon surprised  Jerry panics and follows the same route.
Tom took out and out of sight.
The shark grins  goldfish.
<EOS>
Told  Enjo dramatizes the psychological collapse of Goichi  a young Buddhist acolyte from a dysfunctional family.
Who arrives.
Goichi is haunted.
Who suddenly falls ill and dies shortly thereafter.
Shy and idealistic - and hindered - Goichi arrives at the temple haunted by his dying father s sentiment.
The Golden Pavilion is the most beautiful thing in the world.
Svensson  pp.
15 wish.
In the wake  Goichi is visited by his now-widowed mother  who unexpectedly states her.
He strive to succeed  so that he might one day become the head priest at the temple.
Goichi then must face a challenge to his own ideals upon discovery of the head priest s greed and his indiscreet pairings with a local geisha.
A flashback introduces the idea of a cleansing inferno  with an escalating sense of desperation  Goichi sets fire to the pavilion.
He is subsequently repudiated  and ultimately commits suicide.
He can be taken.
<EOS>
The plot centers  rich  spoiled Hollywood socialites.
Who enjoy material things.
The girls find their assets frozen and must adjust without their fortune.
When a major media scandal turns into an investigation.
Disaster strikes again.
When it seems like things could not get any worse.
Ava quickly takes all her clothes.
When a fire starts.
Tanzie  caring more  takes with her his TiVo and some clothes.
They are tempted to listen and sell the company to their biggest competitor  Fabiella  for over $ 60 million each.
They decide to honor their father s memory.
This means that they could return.
Finding inspiration  the girls decide to get to the root of the scandal.
They use their good looks and charming personalities to win the case and prove their father s innocence.
The girls successfully manage to clear the Marchetta name and reclaim the company.
The girls are seen leading the company.
Six months after the scandal began.
<EOS>
Ace Connors is a con man.
He s got phony stock certificates hidden.
Dwight s attractive friend  Ricki Woodner  intervenes.
When he tries to sell a bogus oil investment.
Ace is about to go on another rap.
He cuts a deal to reduce his sentence.
This does nt please his former partner.
A cop  Bob Simms  is assigned to accompany Ace from Los Angeles to New York.
The passengers include Ricki.
Who is falling and wants to help  and Fly  who wants Ace not to get to New York.
Ace and Ricki manage to get off the train in New Orleans to enjoy Mardi Gras together.
He gives her the certificates.
Fly makes his move.
Simms is able to beat him.
Ace fears.
Con artist Ricki has taken it.
She turns up  ready to wait for Ace.
He s out.
<EOS>
Destricted can be described.
Impaled Larry Clark shows a casting for a porn film  not with the insecure women often displayed  but instead with insecure young men.
Balkan Erotic Epic is an erotic comedy about myths from the Balkan around the sexual organs.
House Call is a vintage sex scene and comes closest.
Sync only exists out and plays for about two minutes.
` Hoist  is mostly an art film.
Death Valley opens  but then continues with an 8-minute masturbation scene.
` We Fuck.
Alone  has a doll.
<EOS>
Lancaster plays an ex-Chicago policeman  Jim Slade.
Who has just been released for shooting his wife s lover in their bed.
He goes to live.
Where he has been offered a job at the local Jordan College.
The campus of which is portrayed.
A coed is murdered.
The local sheriff tries to pin the crime.
Who spouts Biblical revelation.
Slade has other ideas and pursues an unauthorized investigation.
Taking the lid involves him in considerable danger as blackmails  beatings  attempted rape and further murders wrestle for screentime.
The long and-overcomplicated drama grinds.
The murdered student turns out to be the daughter.
Who subsequently receives blackmail letters to her campus psychiatric department counselor about an incestuous relationship with her father.
Incriminating cassette tapes have fallen into the hands of the blackmailers.
Slade questions various possible suspects.
Who declares to Slade that the generation gap just got a little wider.
Whose taped psych rant was also stolen.
All the while  Slade is being warned off  by his parole officer Linda Thorpe  played by Susan Clark  as well as by his buddy Quartz  played by Mitchell.
Lancaster has a brief affair.
A rustic family provide misdirection in the plot  as well as turning out to be muscle for certain corrupt members of the Sheriff s Department.
Their appearance is always accompanied by a hwonking harmonica to emphasize their hillbilly status.
Ed Lauter portrayed one.
Only Quartz could have known one critical clue.
Sheriff Casey rolls up.
Arrests Quartz.
Slade confronts Thorpe   hidden  knowing.
Who produces the stolen tapes.
She is about to be arrested.
The film concludes.
This is one.
Slade can not hold a position in law enforcement or carry a firearm.
Roll credits.
<EOS>
The film  set  opens with Doug moving in with his sister  Gail.
Doug has recently moved.
Where he was studying forensic science.
He befriends Carlos  a.
Who also DJs.
Rachel arrives to train at the home office of the Chicago law firm  leaving a trail of intriguing clues.
Where she is employed  but suddenly disappears.
Doug  Gail and Carlos begin investigating her whereabouts.
<EOS>
Motherland is an epic documentary.
It is an overview but with the African people at the centre of the story.
It is one to be made.
<EOS>
This episode  subtitled A Lesson  teaches viewers the importance of forgiving others.
When they act carelessly or thoughtlessly.
The episode opens on the countertop as usual.
Bob remarks.
The other day he ran.
Marco says.
When his little sister does something that makes him upset and then apologizes  his mother says he needs to forgive her.
But Marco asks.
Why do I have to forgive.
Pa Grape makes his VeggieTales debut as the father of family of cranky grapes  The Grapes of Wrath.
Who seemingly live off name-calling and insults.
<EOS>
The movie opens.
The scene then cuts.
Which an elegant masked swordmaster fascinates his market-place audience.
Undercover detective Ahn  and his protege Namsoon are tracking down suspected money-counterfeiter gang.
When the masked swordmaster ends his show.
The swordmaster escapes.
When a cart crashes and disgorges a mountain  causing public commotion.
The distraction is a success.
Namsoon chased and dueled  proving herself a master of martial arts specializing in a pair of long knives.
She succeeded and glanced at his revealed eye.
He escaped.
She and her team are left in an instant by an unknown duelist.
It is then revealed.
Counterfeit coins are spreading wildly  causing hyperinflation that threatens the monarchy.
The police forces are determined to find and arrest the counterfeiters  believed to include an insider.
The detectives obtain a picture of the duelist  noted for his Sad Eyes.
Namsoon recognizes.
Their suspicion points.
This suspicion is confirmed.
When Namsoon spots the duelist entering Song s manor.
Namsoon and Ahn failed to chase the duelist.
However   Sad Eyes appeared  asking.
Namsoon is walking alone.
She is following him because you like me.
Eventually  he vanishes.
The resolute Namsoon persuaded her team to infiltrate minister Song s palace.
This plan is implemented  resulting.
Coincidentally  she ends up having to serve the duelist.
She handles very tactlessly.
Song called the duelist  interrupting Namsoon s session.
Song turns out to be a superb swordsman  the only person.
Who can outperform the duelist.
Their conversation reveals.
Song plans to overthrow the reigning young king and replace him  and that the duelist has been involved in this plan since childhood.
Song reminds Sad Eyes.
The duelist can kill him anytime he distrusts him  hinting that the duelist might be the planned royal successor.
Song says.
He always loved the duelist.
Namsoon is dismissed from the case by her director  only to be secretly assigned to find the final evidence to prove Song s involvement.
Overhearing Namsoon s objectives  the duelist gave the needed evidence  thereby sacrificing his destiny.
Namsoon realizes her feelings.
The father-figure Ahn recognizes this  advising her to forgo her feelings.
He is a criminal while she is.
The movie draws.
Scores surround Song s manor and attack the duelist and Song  as well as the other corrupt officials.
The minister tried to speak the nameless duelist s true name  but the police separate them.
Detective Ahn kills the minister.
Namsoon anxiously searches for the duelist s fate  only to be told by Ahn.
He is dead.
Devastated  she returns.
Where she had encountered the duelist  haunted.
The duelist appears once more.
She is walking back.
Namsoon feels.
The couple dances in a picturesque combat under the moonlight.
They were fighting.
They were making love  but then disappeared suddenly  as narrated from the first scene.
The final scene shows Namsoon and Sad Eyes spotting each other.
<EOS>
These youth have heavy night living  drink wine  having sex with different people  and sleep late.
They have different endings  some goes.
Some dies.
There are new characters and some romance.
There are generation and region culture difference.
<EOS>
Opening  the bride suddenly spears the man and escapes  chased by the police.
This is the end  a 10-years old action B-movie projected in an open air cinema in honor of Bruno Bonomo  a cockeyed film producer.
Who did some trash movies starring his wife Paola.
He also has two young sons loved.
A young woman presents him the script of a movie.
She wants to direct.
Slated to start  Bruno is stunned.
When his director  Franco Caspio  quits.
Suddenly Bruno has no projects  no financing and no leverage.
Added  Bruno s wife asks for a separation.
Though they have two sons.
She wants to pursue her artistic options.
Bruno reads the offered script and realizes.
It s a thinly disguised account.
Knowing this could draw political and legal heat  not to mention difficulty.
The young woman convinces Bruno to start production.
The film shows.
Secret money  slush funds and Swiss bank accounts start Il Caimano s career.
She hopes.
The film will influence voters.
Starting to fall with the writer  Bruno meets her lesbian partner and her son ` made  in a ` journey  to the Netherlands.
The production is rife with problems  including the defection of the main actor Marco Pulici.
The plot also deals with the domestic issues between Bonomo and Paola until their final separation  with the compromises made for their two sons.
His film will never be completed.
Shows the political nucleus.
Sentences him.
Berlusconi/Moretti exits the tribunal.
A crowd throws debris  including a Molotov cocktail.
The whole  crude scene is not only an allusion.
Led Italian people to support him anyway.
<EOS>
Young reporter Choi Soo-jin accidentally sticks the skewer.
Eating skewered tempura.
Who was chasing a suspected criminal.
Soo-jin is told to work on a story about a detective.
The detective turns out to be.
Soo-jin joins his crackdown.
The two start to fall.
<EOS>
The movie begins.
Where an aging prisoner named Joseph Valachi is imprisoned.
The boss  Vito Genovese  is imprisoned there as well.
Genovese is certain.
Valachi is an informant  and gives him the kiss.
Valachi kisses him back.
Valachi mistakenly kills.
A fellow prisoner who he wrongly thinks is a mob assassin.
Told by federal agents  Valachi becomes an informant  the first in the history of the Mafia.
He tells his life story.
The movie traces Valachi to a gangster associating with bosses like Salvatore Maranzano.
Maranzano tells a mourner  I can not bring back the dead.
I can only kill the living.
Valachi marries a boss s daughter  played Jill Ireland.
Valachi s rise is hampered by his poor relations with his capo  Tony Bender.
Bender is portrayed castrating a mobster.
Valachi shoots the man to put him out.
The mayhem and murder continue  with Valachi shown testifying before a Senate committee.
He is upset and attempts suicide  but in the end outlives Genovese.
Who dies.
<EOS>
Sam Bell is nearing the end at Lunar Industries  largely automated Sarang lunar base.
Where he is the sole resident.
Sam oversees.
Automated harvesters and launches canisters bound.
Chronic communication problems limit him.
Who was pregnant when he left.
His only companion is an artificial intelligence assistant named GERTY.
Who assists.
Sam suffers.
Weeks before he is to return.
One such hallucination distracts him.
He is out recovering a helium-3 canister  causing him to crash his rover into the harvester.
Rapidly losing air  Sam dons his helmet  but still loses consciousness from his injuries.
Sam awakes.
He overhears GERTY receiving instructions not to let him outside the base and to wait for the arrival of rescue team Eliza.
He manufactures a fake problem.
He finds another  unconscious Sam Bell.
The two Sams start to wonder.
One is a clone.
They get  but soon work together to coerce GERTY into revealing.
They are both clones of the real Sam Bell  who is on Earth.
GERTY had awakened a new clone and implanted the memories of the real Sam Bell  believing.
The original clone could not be recovered.
The two clones start exploring the base.
They find out.
Communications are being jammed at the far edges of the base.
Believing  were simply incinerated.
Previous clones have all started to deteriorate and become very ill -- upon which.
They were being put.
They also discover an enormous vault containing hundreds more clones.
The older Sam drives past Tess  only to get Eve  now 15 years old.
The interference range and calls.
Who informs him that Tess had died years before.
He hangs up.
The real Sam can answer.
The Sams realise.
The incoming rescue team will kill them both if they are found together.
The newer Sam suggests sending the other in one of the helium-3 canisters  but the older Sam  already in an advanced state of deterioration  knows the public.
He will not live much longer and instead suggests the newer Sam go and alert.
What Lunar Industries is doing.
The older Sam plans to return and die there  so Lunar Industries will not suspect anything.
They work to erase all records of the second clone  and then revive a third clone to await the Eliza rescue team.
They also program one to crash into a jamming antenna to enable communication with Earth.
The older Sam  back  watches.
The canister taking the other Sam is launched  before blacking out.
News broadcasts report.
The clone s testimony stirred considerable controversy on Earth  causing the company s stock to crash.
<EOS>
The film is based and will tell the story of.
The Monkey King rebels.
<EOS>
Yun Fei Yang is the viciously bullied orphan.
Who takes.
Constantly mocked  Yen counts as his only friend the daughter of the resident master.
Any internal wrangling is put to one side.
When a swordsman reminds the master of the duel he must take part in once a decade.
Unfortunately the defending clan chief is well aware.
His rival is more powerful.
The expected defeat is further complicated  immediately adding.
When a wandering swordsman arrives and joins himself to the injured party.
The ensuing series soon reveals the individual motives and the role.
The numerous parties all have.
They play.
Yen is ready to take on the mantle of avenger for his school and win back the respect.
His colleagues have lost.
Had been taught by a shrouded figure.
Everyone enjoys picking on.
However to have any kind  the young fighter must uncover the secrets of his clan s ` Silkworm Technique  and transform himself completely.
<EOS>
Ten-year-old Sammy lives with his parents.
The boy flees the city.
When they are killed during the Suez Crisis.
He sets out to reach his only living relative  an aunt.
Who lives 5000 miles.
Sammy encounters a colourful array of characters.
His first guide is an Arab peddler.
Who dies.
Sammy is then rescued.
Sammy runs off and encounters a crusty old hunter/diamond smuggler  Cocky Wainwright.
When she wants to return him.
Whose life is subsequently saved.
They arrest the old man.
When the police search.
Who has been a fugitive.
He learns.
Sammy is finally united.
The old smuggler left him his entire fortune.
Robinson gave one performances of his later career.
Julian Upton  Movimail Catalogue  July 2010  p.
13 Chosen  July.
Nominated  the film had a difficult production period  Robinson suffered.
A heart attack and cast members were bitten.
Mark Duguid Sammy Going South  BFI screenonline.
<EOS>
The film opens.
American Airlines Flight 117 appears.
The air traffic controllers instruct the aircraft to make an emergency landing.
The flight responds.
It is unable to maintain altitude  and begins an emergency descent.
Now we see a young man driving a Jeep Grand Cherokee.
Soon thereafter the aforementioned DC-10 airliner makes an emergency landing.
The plane s nose gear collides and collapses  dropping the fuselage onto the Jeep s roof and pushing the Jeep to a much higher speed.
Both vehicles finally stop.
The plane and the man s car narrowly miss an elderly woman driving slowly in her car  and extends the middle finger.
She is oblivious.
She cruises past.
The film ends along with hovering news and police helicopters surrounding the scene.
<EOS>
Expresso is a series.
Develop the viewer as they watch the visitors  to one table in a typical UK coffee shop.
Takes place  leading to an amusing crossing of wires.
The Liar - a businessman.
Who desperately wants to spend the afternoon to blatant lies to achieve this.
Herbal Tea - a couple meet.
But the lady has her eyes.
Who has opted.
Breakfast - catch the conclusion of a typical lovers  tiff Normal Coffee - with echoes of Six Easy Pieces  sees a working man fighting the system in his own way to get his plain and simple drink against the advice of the pompous waiter.
BUZZ - a vicar sits waiting for inspiration.
He tries to write his next sermon  only to be targeted.
Can I Help You.
Things never work out.
You expect.
The waiter has little sympathy.
The waitress takes the ultimate revenge.
<EOS>
A young spunky piglet  named Gordy  lives.
The piglet learns.
His father is taken up North.
His mother and siblings were taken while he pursued his father.
Determined to locate his family and return  Gordy heads out alone to find them.
He eventually ends up.
Who lives with her also country singer father  Luke  and their manager  Cousin Jake.
Jinnie Sue  not knowing Gordy s name  calls him Pinky.
They travel.
Where Luke performs.
Also there is rich businessman  Henry Royce  his daughter Jessica  her rather dull but scheming fiance  Sipes  and Jessica s lonely young son Hanky.
Hanky wanders off and meets Gordy and Jinnie Sue.
Hanky falls  but can not swim.
Jinnie Sue rushes off to get help.
Gordy dives and saves Hanky.
Grateful  Hanky is given Gordy.
Gordy s bravery also makes him suddenly famous.
Royce and Sipes have alternate decisions.
Who the new mascot should be.
Gordy wins  due to a switched camera lens used on Jessica s promotion.
Sipes is determined to remove Gordy and then take control.
He sends his two guards  Dietz and Krugman to kidnap Gordy.
Gordy and Hanky escape.
The two men pursue.
They are distracted briefly by a cross-dressing thief  and discover.
Gordy and Hanky have escaped.
The two unexpectedly meet up.
Who learn that Hanky has apparently runaway.
Another bulletin follows  revealing.
Henry Royce has died.
The MacAllisters return Hanky and Gordy.
Louis  Missouri has left his company.
Where an attorney reveals Henry.
Cousin Jake.
Gordy s family is missing.
A host perform  as well as a surprise speech from President Bill Clinton.
Who unveils a new stamp.
Sipes sends his men to kill Gordy.
He is saved.
Jake returns Gordy.
Everyone learns.
Who calls.
Sipes tries to hide the fact.
The very same slaughterhouse is owned.
However  a battle happens knocking him out with the suitcase of Brinks  the family attorney.
Gordy  Hanky  Jinnie Sue  Jessica  Luke  Cousin Jake and Brinks race to stop the slaughterhouse.
A train slows them down.
Hanky successfully rings.
The lovestruck supervisor and the slaughterhouse is shut down just.
His parents and siblings have survived.
He is reunited.
Who was also about to be killed.
The pigs are moved back.
Luke and Jessica decide to buy.
Gordy has a happy ending  his family.
<EOS>
Baat Ban Jaye is a comedy  featuring Sanjeev Kumar  Utpal Dutt  Raj Babbar  Zeenat Aman  Amol Palekar  Aruna Irani and Shakti Kapoor.
Zeenat Aman plays Nisha  a wealthy businesswoman.
Who wants to marry a poor and honest man.
Her uncle  played  tries to find a suitable match for her  with hilarious results.
<EOS>
Vampires are finding their own undead bodies being mutated  tainted with hard drugs and sexually transmitted diseases  alcohol  diabetes  anti-depressants  and cigarettes  substances.
Change the blood and makes it undrinkable.
The scarcity has incited an underground civil war between various groups of vampires.
A clique  led by Benedict  struggle to find sustenance by seeking victims with untainted blood.
The group is being stalked.
Who leaves a note.
The group desperately seeks.
Order to survive both their race s own fierce infighting and the biological pollution found.
Who steals to offer the freshest and purest blood around.
But they may not have time to enjoy it.
The vengeful Priest is hot.
<EOS>
Two criminals hide with their victim in a friends house in the jungle.
They re left to be eaten.
One rapes the friend s wife.
<EOS>
The film begins in Saint Petersburg for the wedding of Wendy s brother William.
Xavier begins to reminisce.
He and Martine split up.
Martine has had a child and become a committed environmental activist.
Xavier becomes a writer for pulp romantic novels and a ghostwriter for celebrities.
Who ca nt write their own biographies.
Martine criticizes his pulp novel work.
Xavier feels just the same  but only replies to her.
He earns good money.
Xavier has a brief affair with Kassia  a sales clerk from Senegal.
He asks his lesbian friend Isabelle to pose.
When Xavier s grandfather asks.
Xavier runs into Wendy.
Who herself has become an accomplished television writer.
She is currently involved.
Later  a TV show assignment takes Xavier.
Where he had requested to work.
Xavier is given the chance to ghost write a biography of Celia  a model.
Xavier and Celia kiss and make love while looking at the boats on the River Seine.
Xavier and Wendy s attraction to each other becomes a physical relationship.
Xavier and Wendy s boyfriend fight.
He throws her prior boyfriend out.
Wendy s brother William has fallen with Natasha  a Russian ballerina.
He learns Russian  succeeding  he moves to Saint Petersburg.
Xavier and Wendy go to stay with William and Natasha.
Xavier and Wendy s relationship is going perfectly.
Celia calls Xavier to come and visit her.
She is staying.
Xavier goes to visit Celia  telling Wendy.
He has to see the publishers and that it is unavoidable.
Xavier does not know  and saw.
Wendy had looked.
The number is not his publisher s.
Another woman s.
Saying goodbye lays her true feelings on the line.
Xavier  stunned  does nt move and stays.
Wendy walks away crying.
Meet up and make love again but do not actually consummate their attraction.
She asks Xavier to get her a glass of milk but then reluctantly leaves.
When she sees some old friends.
Failing to connect that night.
Celia never meet again.
Celia represents.
The perfect girl  the princess  the street  the impossible dream girl Xavier has been seeking his whole life.
Yet his is also aware.
She is ultimately uninteresting.
Subsequently.
He returns.
Petersburg but now Wendy  convinced  avoids him.
He had an affair whilst.
William and Natasha are married in front of family members and characters seen in LAuberge Espagnole.
Wendy s divorced parents begin to squabble during the reception.
Wendy has avoided Xavier.
She is unhappy.
Xavier comforts her and apologies.
The film ends.
The sequel  and the third part of the trilogy is Casse Tete Chinois.
<EOS>
Lloyd plays the grandma s boy  a timid coward.
Who can not muster courage to woo his girl and is afraid.
His loving grandma gives him a magic charm.
Gives him the courage to capture a town criminal and win the girl.
The magic charm turns out to be the handle.
His grandma was pretending it all along.
This film was an immensely popular  commercially successful film.
<EOS>
Lost. 
Travelling become.
Two pass the time waiting for her to come back by having sex in the back of the vehicle.
When one goes out to urinate.
The quintet pick up a hitchhiker in the hope  stabbing two members of the group to death.
He can give them directions  but once the man attacks them with a knife.
The others flee and become separated.
Vanessa reaches a farmhouse.
She is captured.
Searching. 
Who ties her  and gags her.
Vanessa s boyfriend and Christine reach the same farmhouse moments later  and are allowed.
Of whom lures Vanessa s boyfriend.
Christine has a threesome.
Those two have sex.
The siblings will offer them any aid.
The sister hacks one off with a hatchet  gnaws on the severed limb  and taunts him.
When Vanessa s boyfriend climaxes.
He dies.
Christine passes out.
That occurs.
Who drags her outside.
Christine is pummeled and raped with a gasoline-powered vibrator by Leatherface.
Who afterward licks the blood.
The next day  a sister forces Vanessa to watch.
She has sex.
They and their siblings and grandfather eat a butchered body  occasionally pelting her with viscera.
When the two finish.
Leatherface takes Vanessa away  intending to kill her.
His family eats.
He is caught off guard.
When Vanessa begins flirting.
Vanessa has sex  distracting him and allowing her to grab a knife  stab him in the leg  and escape.
An unknown amount later  the battered Vanessa awakens in a hospital room.
Where she is interviewed.
The detective s questions become disturbing.
The interview progresses.
He takes nude pictures.
She falls unconscious.
Vanessa wakes up later  being duct taped by Daisy.
Who is dressed.
Detective Roe appears and reveals  the hospital room is one.
He is the patriarch  and that Vanessa never escaped them.
Roe pulls a sheet.
He and Daisy beat her with a wrench.
<EOS>
DreamWorks has announced.
The film will focus on the road to abolition and the end of the Civil War.
<EOS>
Accustomed  four dead Finns enjoy their days in Hell so much.
They are sent.
<EOS>
Mita Pantic is still only a junior clerk in his company.
Another typical workday is starting at 6 a.
M. 
He gets up.
Frustration awaits.
Trying to get ready to go to work  he can barely get a turn to use the bathroom.
Other members are not without their frustrations either  meaning.
Nagging and shouting are a staple at any time of day.
Pantic s spouse Sida is a crabby middle aged housewife.
Whose complaints cover a wide range.
When grocery shopping to what she sees to look back on before old age because her best years were spent tending after the house and the family.
The oldest child  son Branko  an eternal university student majoring  has a gripe about not having enough money for books and kits.
Prevents him from finally graduating.
The middle child  daughter Mira  has a degree but can not find a job despite trying for years - she s also unhappy about lack of funds in the family.
She thinks the ability to dress more attractively or to outright bribe would help her finally land a job.
Finally  the youngest child Aca   has problems and wants his father to buy him new textbooks and also a motorbike.
Who is.
And  Pantic s household also features his cranky mother and a subtenant Suzana.
All is not enough.
Who is assigned there due to housing shortage and given a room that takes up.
4.
All the morning commotion leads to Pantic often being late for work.
Where more frustration awaits.
It s his crooked boss Srecko Sojic barging into his office  ripping up reports and demanding.
Pantic has them re-typed because they re not legible enough to read.
That leads Pantic back.
Where a new young typist Melita Sandic  who typed up the messy reports  seems more interested in chatting and flirting over the phone.
Pantic loses his patience and has her report.
Meanwhile  Pantic s youngest son Aca is having problems.
Who obsessively makes his students dissect the linguistic nuances.
Nicknamed Japanac due  the professor has a low tolerance for Aca s smart-alecky retorts and demands to speak to his father.
Back  it s time to collect monthly paychecks.
He is horrified to find out his pay to maximize productivity.
Has been docked due as part of the company s new initiative.
Hopping mad  he storms back  but is soon approached by an unknown man.
Who introduces himself and proceeds to offer Pantic a bribe in return for his approval when it comes to decision on new hiring.
Pantic refuses the payoff and reports the corruption attempt.
Short. 
Japanac soon comes  but finds Pantic feverishly listening to radio football broadcasts.
Order to speak.
He placed a bet.
Little.
He has 12 correct guesses.
Vardar match deciding.
He wins the grand prize.
Japanac meanwhile can not get a word and.
He is getting ready to leave  bumps.
Back  Pantic collapses on the floor upon finding out the game ended in a draw.
Means he missed the grand prize.
Japanac and Pantic eventually do meet to talk.
This time the professor is more interested.
Japanac expresses his desire to marry Suzana.
Pantic sees.
Pantic cashes.
Which he gets 7 million Yugoslav dinars.
Coming to he gets mad Nedeljkovic  the man.
When he finds out.
Who attempted to bribe him got the job and goes to confront Sojic only to find out that Melita has advanced  much to Pantic s annoyance and frustration after which he insults Sojic and leaves.
Back home in cash in his bag  he wakes up the next morning to usual morning routine of family nagging.
Complaining. 
Sick and tired he reaches into his bag and starts throwing bills in the air.
Then he runs into Japanac.
Who informs him that he married Suzana and moved  as the house in which he met with Pantic was his friend s house.
Japanac puts a bathroom schedule and enters the bathroom.
An angry Pantic screams  charges at the bathroom door and breaks it as the film ends.
<EOS>
Mike is a young man  and owner.
Who is a budding street racer.
His best mate and mechanic  Tony  are both steel workers.
They are racing.
When they are nt working.
Julie is the voyeuristic young girl portrayed  and seemingly involved with Fox.
Mike fancies her  and so does Julie.
Fox takes advantage  and pursues Mike  and basically tells him.
If he wants whats his he has.
Mike loses the first race  the fact being his car just is nt fast enough.
They decide to go out.
Easy wins to make enough money to build up the engine.
We only see them racing one group of people  a bunch of dim-witted bogans in a EK Holden.
Who they knew they would beat and go on to do so.
They agree for the next day.
The next morning they find themselves.
Who they crossed paths before.
They realise  but still has a great passion.
Rebel is blind.
He still drives his prized blown 57 Chevy coupe.
Mike then sets out to find the racers  with them leading Mike  Tony and Julie into a trap.
Where the racers threaten to kill them unless they give them back their money that they lost the day before.
They proceed to get angrier wetting the car and then setting it on fire  with Mike trying to drive away and in the process  but managed to start it up again and drive the car into a shallow lake to quench the fire.
Roll the car a few times.
They arrive back  the car barely moving.
Rebel allows them to stay.
As long as it takes to get the car fixed.
Rebel  Mike and Tony repair the car back to its former and after a few days of testing the car and tuning it with nitrous Fox once again.
They return return.
A truck pulls out during the race  destroying the Falcon and injuring Mike.
The cars line up As they set of and reach redline speed in what seems like a setup from Mike s point of view but was really just an accident.
It seems.
He has given up -- until Tony is bashed for riding a bicycle after Fox told them no wheels and off the street.
Mike confronts Fox and challenges him.
Mike plans  he knows.
It will beat the Dodge -- he just has to get it.
Mike heads back and asks him for the car.
They head back to the city once more  only to have Fox  realising  figuring.
He has no chance.
He has the speed advantage.
There is a dramatic sort of stand-off between the two  and Fox  possibly coming to terms  as if to make the point.
He lost  drives the Dodge full speed  killing himself and destroying the car.
Mike would never have his car.
The movie ends and fades into the credits.
<EOS>
The story begins September.
Shy bookkeeper Henry Limpet loves fish.
Limpet attempts to enlist as well  but is rejected.
When his friend George Stickle enlists.
Feeling downcast  he wanders down and accidentally falls in.
Inexplicably  he finds.
He has turned.
His wife  Bessie  and George assume.
He never resurfaces.
He has drowned.
The fish Limpet  complete  discovers a new-found ability during some of his initial misadventures  a powerful underwater roar  his thrum.
He falls with a female fish  and makes friends with a misanthropic hermit crab named Crusty.
He names Ladyfish.
Still determined to help the Navy  Limpet finds a convoy and requests to see one.
Limpet gets.
Himself commissioned.
He helps the Navy locate Nazi U-boats  and plays a large part in the Allied victory in the Battle of the Atlantic.
He is nearly killed.
When the Nazis develop a thrum seeking torpedo  and is further handicapped.
He manages to survive using Crusty  and sinks a number of U-boats by redirecting the torpedoes.
He swims to Coney Island to say goodbye to Bessie  get a replacement set of glasses and then he swims off with Ladyfish.
George and the Admiral are presented with a report.
Mr Limpet is still alive and working.
The two men travel out.
<EOS>
Emtan runs a provision shop.
His son Krishna  a student  helps him in the shop.
A strict father Emtan is always.
His strict ways leaves an uncomfortable scene in the house.
Vadivelu is the only solace in the house.
Krishna meets his childhood crush Janani  daughter.
Both their families are.
A death brings them together.
Unfortunately Krishna and Janani are caught kissing.
Again leaves a split.
Janani also walks away.
Emtan drives his son out.
Finally Krishna succeeds.
All the family is reunited.
The couple wait their first child.
<EOS>
The movie begins.
Dave and Simon conclude.
Alvin s been watching too many horror films.
Alvin says.
Its creeps him out.
Their school is rehearsing the play by Robert Louis Stevenson.
Caused a huge explosion that made a huge mess.
Alvin be pulled out as Mr Hyde  and have Theodore play the role to boost his.
Meanwhile  Alvin and Simon are out.
Meanwhile  no one believes.
Theodore is scary enough to play the role.
This all changes.
He gets bit.
The next day does an extremely terrifing impression  of Mr Hyde.
Theodore continues to become vicious and mean.
Alvin and Simon search for a way to help Theodore and save the school play  without Dave finding out the truth.
Theodore changes into a werewolf and starts to attack Eleanor.
However  the necklace Theodore gave her earlier shines  causing Theodore to remember.
What happened and soon must fight Mr Talbot  who was the original werewolf that bit Theodore.
Theodore cures them.
Caused the effect to reverse.
Later  they find out Mr Talbot.
Is going to be their new principal.
The Chipmunks and Chipettes end the wrap party.
Soon everyone else follow the rhythm.
The movie ends.
<EOS>
Trilogy is about American war-widow  episode Jeanne tells the life of Jeanne dArc  episode Lysistrata is about Athenian wives  adaptation of the Greek play.
Who goes where her husband was in WW II.
<EOS>
Somchai  a debt-ridden gambling addict  goes to commit suicide and finds a young woman  Go-go  standing on the ledge ready to do the same.
The two talk and decide.
There s nothing they ca nt do  since they had decided to die.
So they embark  starting out by eating in a restaurant and not paying the bill  then stealing a car and crashing it for fun.
They rob a convenience store  and are pursued.
The gangsters Somchai pursue the couple as well.
<EOS>
After a nuclear war  humanity is reduced to a few starving groups.
A ruthless gang called.
The Templars constantly raid settlers in order to purge the Earth.
A former Templar  Scorpion  along  prevents a small band of religious colonists from being massacred by the Templars.
<EOS>
Andreas Ikonomou was a strict father and a High School teacher.
He taught Giorgos.
The latter fell with the daughter of Andreas  Maria.
An incident s being aware of the relationship between his student and his daughter.
Who has an abortion.
A student  called Evangelou  mocks Mr Andreas during the lesson by drawing him with ears of a donkey  causing the teacher s fury and the eventual expulsion of the boy from the school.
Then  the same student is lured to splash yogurt on his teacher.
The perpetrator is caught by police and has his head shaved and be paraded with a sign reading about his offense.
The movie made 118841 tickets.
<EOS>
The true story.
Who  takes the job of a lifetime.
Had won 19 State titles and equated baseball.
Kent must win over his players and convince them and himself all while dealing.
He can fill their former coach s shoes.
This will be the team s final season due.
Norway High s baseball tradition ended on a triumphant but somber note.
The film depicts the Norway School District merging.
Norway actually was consolidated.
<EOS>
Ross McEwen pulls an unusual bank job  taking the banker Frenger with him  then letting him go a few miles away  minus boots but with an I.
O.
U.
He robbed.
Pat Garrett  the new marshal  will try to catch the thief.
Will bounty hunters.
McEwen is bitten.
He can board a train  where he is helped.
The train tracks are washed out  so the small group goes off alone via a route used to deliver mail.
Fay finds out a posse and recalls.
Is. 
S where McEwen came.
But he and she have developed an attraction.
A cattleman named.
When they reach an Alamogordo saloon that Marquez s cousins run.
Burnett is willing to take as a hired hand.
Garrett and deputy Clint Waters come  so McEwen must leave but offers her an engagement ring.
Fay rides along  but ends up separated and captured.
McEwen comes across a Mexican rancher named Florencio s family.
Is ill.
He stays to help and starts a fire to signal the lawmen  needing their assistance.
Marquez gets there along.
Pretends. 
Florencio is another relative.
McEwen is a total stranger.
Garrett is nt fooled  though.
McEwen is convinced to turn himself  the marshal promising to vouch for his good deed.
<EOS>
Aileen Wuornos  a female prostitute  meets Selby Wall in a gay bar.
Declaring  Aileen talks to Selby over beers.
She is not gay.
Selby takes to Aileen almost immediately.
She likes that she is very protective.
Selby invites her to spend the night.
They return.
Where Selby is staying.
They later agree to meet.
They have nowhere to go.
Their passion and emotion is clear.
Selby goes home.
Aileen kills him in self-defense and decides to quit prostitution.
She confesses her action.
Selby has been angry for not succeeding in supporting the two of them.
Eventually  unable to pay the bills  Aileen tries to find legitimate work.
Prospective employers reject her  and are occasionally openly hostile to her.
Desperate  she returns to her career as a prostitute.
She continues to commit several acts with intent to rob her victims  each killed in a more brutal way than last.
She spares one man.
When the man admits he has never had sex  but ultimately kills another man who  instead of exploiting her  offers help.
Aileen uses the money  the two drink in bars and eat in fancy restaurants.
She steals.
However   the two have a falling out and Selby returns.
Selby reads and begins to suspect that her girlfriend may have committed them.
Aileen is eventually arrested and speaks to Selby one last time while in jail.
Selby reveals some incriminating information.
Aileen realizes.
The police are listening in.
To protect her lover  Aileen admits.
She committed the murders alone.
Selby testifies against her.
Aileen is later convicted and sentenced.
<EOS>
Cleaver -- originally titled Pork Store Killer -- stars protagonist Michael  nicknamed the Butcher.
When Christopher proposes the plot.
T.
Dolan  he says  gets betrayed.
The film is.
They whack him  leave his body parts all around the city.
Long story short  he is put back together   or maybe it s supernatural.
And he gets payback.
Who fucked him over.
She was getting porked the night the hero was killed.
Several episodes are drawn from Moltisanti s own life experiences as a made man in the Soprano Crime Family  including a misinterpreted and overblown rumor concerning a potential affair between Family head Anthony Soprano and Christopher s then-fiance Adriana La Cerva.
The film closes  juxtaposing the sacred and the profane.
<EOS>
Homicide detective Sergeant Dave Bannion is an honest cop.
Who investigates the death.
It would seem to be an open-and-shut case  suicide brought on.
Bannion  however  is contacted.
Who claims it could not have been suicide.
Bannion learns.
The Duncans had a second home which would not have been possible.
Bannion visits Mrs Duncan.
He asks.
She resents the implication.
The next day Bannion gets a.
Who is to close the case.
Chapman is found dead and covered with cigarette burns.
Bannion investigates.
Though it is not his case or his jurisdiction.
He confronts Mike Lagana  the local mob boss.
It s an open secret.
Lagana runs the city  even that cops guard his house while his daughter hosts a party.
Lagana is astounded  I ve seen some dummies in my time.
You re.
Bannion finds.
People are too scared to stand up.
His car is blown up.
When warnings go unheeded.
His wife Katie is killed.
Feeling  Bannion resigns and sets off to get Lagana and his second-in-command Vince Stone.
The department will do little to bring the murderers.
-- -- Bannion stands up to him by ordering Stone and a bodyguard out of the joint.
When Stone viciously punishes a girl.
This impresses Stone s girlfriend  Debby Marsh.
She tries to get friendly.
Who keeps pointing out that she gets her money.
Marsh states  I ve been rich.
I ve been poor.
Believe me  rich is better.
As soon  he sends her packing.
Debby unwittingly reminds Bannion.
Which she retorts  Well  you re about as romantic.
Debby was seen.
He accuses her and throws boiling coffee in her face.
When she returns.
Debby is taken by none other than Police Commissioner Higgins.
Who was playing poker and his cronies at the flat.
Higgins warns.
He will have to file a report.
Stone reminds the commissioner.
He is well-paid to deal.
Debby returns to Bannion.
Who agrees to put her up.
Bannion gets information.
Who planted the dynamite that killed his wife.
Debby identifies him.
Bannion forces Gordon to admit.
The trouble began.
Bertha Duncan  widow  has papers he collected that could expose Stone and Lagana.
They were intended.
Mrs Duncan kept them and is collecting blackmail payments from Lagana.
Told.
Killing. 
Who murdered.
He talked.
Gordon is murdered.
Bannion next confronts Mrs Duncan  accusing her  causing her death and protecting Lagana and Stone for the sake of a soft plush life.
But cops sent make.
Him leave.
Stone decides to kidnap Bannion s little daughter Joyce.
Who is staying nearby.
The uncle calls to take over.
When the guard suddenly leaves.
Satisfied  Bannion sets off to deal.
She is.
He meets Lieutenant Wilks   admitting.
Who is now prepared to make a stand.
It s the first time in years I ve breathed good clean air.
Debby goes to see Mrs Duncan.
Noticing  she remarks.
They are wearing the same expensive coats.
They are both sisters and have benefited from an association with gangsters.
She then kills Mrs Duncan  thus.
Will see Tom Duncan s evidence surface and bring.
Stone returns.
Debby throws boiling coffee.
As he had done.
Stone shoots her.
Battle is captured by Bannion.
Who had followed him.
Bannion describes his late wife in terms of their relationship rather than the physical police description  You and Katie would have gotten along fine  he tells her.
Debby lies dying.
He gave earlier.
Stone is arrested.
Duncan s evidence is made public.
Lagana and Commissioner Higgins are indicted.
Bannion returns at Homicide.
<EOS>
A troubled artist is haunted.
Who appears to step right out.
It reads  a study of the illusionary reality world within the schizophrenic mind of the artist at his point of creativity.
Michael Armstrong s Web Site.
<EOS>
Disc jockey turned.
Actor Bob Crane develops a secret personal life  focusing with John Henry Carpenter  an electronics expert involved with the nascent home video market.
Encouraged and enabled by his expertise  Crane -- portrayed as a church-going  clean-cut family man -- becomes a sex addict obsessed with sleeping with as many women as possible and recording those encounters with video and photographic equipment  usually with Carpenter participating.
Auto Focus depicts Crane s life through his post-Hogan s Heroes efforts to sustain a viable career -- mostly in dinner theatre -- until his murder.
Crane s murder remains unsolved.
He remains the subject even after his death in.
Carpenter was tried and acquitted.
Motion Picture Purgatory  Auto Focus.
<EOS>
Jonathan Rivers is a successful architect and lives a peaceful life until her unexpected disappearance.
Eventually  he is contacted.
Who claims that his own son had also died.
He says.
He has recorded messages through Electronic voice phenomena.
He later learns.
Jonathan is initially dismissive and angered.
Desperate  he begins to believe.
The recorded voice is indeed that.
Jonathan becomes obsessed  despite warnings from a psychic.
Who tries to tell him how the recording can attract other  unwanted entities.
A woman named.
Sarah Tate befriends Jonathan because she lost her fiance.
Raymond is found dead.
Jonathan begins to be followed  and finds.
Some are from people who are not yet dead  but may soon be.
Jonathan then hears.
Cries. 
He is able to save the child  but not the woman.
Jonathan and Sarah both attend.
What happened.
The husband thanks Jonathan but then asks him to leave them alone.
The husband continues to tell Jonathan to stay away.
Afterwards  Jonathan sees images.
Sarah is later seriously injured from a balcony while possessed by the demons.
Jonathan locates the site by following signs on recordings  and finds a construction worker from his company holding Mary captive.
The three demons torture Jonathan and cause him to fall to his death.
A SWAT team along arrives and are able to save Mary by shooting the construction worker.
Jonathan s voice can be heard on the radio through static interference saying.
I m sorry.
The child recognizes the voice and smiles.
Sarah   is menaced by odd noises.
And right.
The credits roll flashes to a T.
V.
Where Jonathan and his wife are visible.
<EOS>
Raja  a professional photographer and a playboy comes at a bar.
She is totally different.
She has an electrifying presence.
She totally captivates him.
She is hot and sensuous.
Raja lusts.
He starts having an affair.
She tells him.
Her mother has blood cancer.
She does nt have good relations.
Who is away.
She tells him.
Shekhar is not a nice person.
Shekhar comes home one day and meets Raja.
They get acquainted.
Tiasha tells Raja Sumana.
Shekhar has made a will whereby he has decided to leave half his property to his sister.
Whom she is close.
But Sumana and Tiasha ca nt stand each other.
Raja decides to eliminate Shekhar to be with Tiasha.
One night Raja come.
He gets killed.
When there is a tussle.
They try to dispose by dumping the body in the sea.
Meanwhile Subir and Rana  tell Raj to change his ways.
They have noticed a change lately.
Raja is put.
A button had been found near the scene of The murder.
He is soon released.
He come to know.
He has been appointed the executor.
Sumana believes.
This will is fake.
She meets Raja day and tells him the truth about Tiasha.
She had given a locket.
Is accidentally left behind while disposing Shekhar s body.
Subir  the S.
P  tells him to mend his ways.
Who is investigating the case.
He refuses to listen.
Tiasha calls up Raja one day and asks him to meet.
He refuses to entertain her  but gives in to her demand.
He had begun to disbelieve her.
He finds a bag in the garden house and realizes.
Tiasha must have killed Sumana.
Tiasha is nowhere to be seen.
Raja decides to wait and finish her off.
She arrives.
Subir  Raja s friend also arrives there and conceals himself and watches the proceedings.
She arrives soon and pleads innocence.
Raja refuses to believe her.
Tiasha tells.
She goes there  but there is a huge blast.
Subir tells Raja later.
Tiasha had escaped though Raja had thought her to be dead.
She is nowhere to be found.
Tiasha reappears at the same place wearing the same outfit waiting for her next prey.
<EOS>
Gregoire Lecomte  the unlucky actor anxious to find a real job  goes to take a screen test  but gets to mafiosi by mistake.
He takes their don.
They mistake him with.
Whom they had an appointment.
Deluded Lecomte signs contract.
He is supposed to kill gun dealer Otto Krampe by piercing him with a cap of the umbrella with a built-in syringe with potassium cyanide.
Lecomte is not aware.
It has to be a real murder.
<EOS>
A washed-up  veteran producer tries to re-enter the movie business.
He soon finds.
It is not as easy as it once was.
<EOS>
Kim Hye-kyeong is a retired handball player.
Who has been successfully coaching.
She is asked to fill in  but is faced.
When the coach s national team suddenly quits.
Hye-kyeong tries to improve the team.
However  Hye-kyeong s aggressiveness causes friction.
She is replaced.
She decides to stay.
Seung-pil introduces modern European training methods.
Brings him.
Things get worse.
When they lose a game.
<EOS>
Valiyangadi movie is all.
Who is a graduate born.
An idealist easily became the leader in a very short while.
Who wanted to prove the worth.
Every independent worker of the market adorned him as their unquestionable leader and hero  for.
Whom they were ready to do anything.
But  this tie up was more a menace.
They plotted ways to somehow corner Ananthu and throw him out.
Some smaller issues created troubles.
He managed to clear off.
But  everyone started to doubt his intentions.
When he had a love affair who is a girl born in the nearby slums and reared by the market folks.
Many starts to dislike him.
The relation was presented.
Ananthu was not prepared to fail.
And he now decides to take.
Forms the rest.
What Anandu does to resolve the problem.
<EOS>
The film portrays a day  a night and the following day  Nina.
Who lives.
Nina is shy  introverted and lives only.
She tries to fabricate.
She meets Toni  a young woman living.
Who is her exact opposite.
They meet Francoise.
Who has recently been released and now wanders the city aimlessly.
Unable to give up the hope.
Who was abducted many years ago.
Francoise believes.
She recognizes Nina.
Her husband  Pierre  tries patiently to convince her to return to France.
She goes looking.
When Nina is abandoned after a party.
Where she had encountered Francoise.
She hopes.
She finally might have found a real mother.
Nina is left bitterly disappointed.
Francoise is there.
<EOS>
Occult writer John Verney is asked to pick up his daughter Catherine from the airport.
Catherine is a nun.
But  Beddows then insists.
Catherine arrives.
She stay.
But the order   makes all efforts to get Catherine back and uses black magic to stop Verney.
He protects her.
Verney learns.
The order really harbours a group.
<EOS>
The story is.
Has been fed all her life by her father.
She has never questioned.
The Rinpoche has been reborn  he sends Kaya to Delhi on a mission to bring him back to the monastery.
When Lama Norbu  a senior lama has a dream that the Buddhist teacher.
Kaya goes and manages to get the child.
The child witnesses the murder in a hotel.
When they are about to return home.
The investigations are taken over  Shiven and he prohibits Kaya and the young boy from returning home.
The boy identifies as the Junior Police Officer  Manali turns out to be the Commissioner of Police  and soon Shiven finds.
Himself caught where he can trust no one.
He is forced to make an escape along with Kaya and the young boy.
Who he is now determined to protect.
Shiven has however seriously been injured and.
Spiti has to undergo treatment.
Kaya begins to find herself attracted.
Nursing him back.
She has never experienced before.
Shiven too finds himself drawn  a girl unlike any he has ever known.
Kaya is caught.
She has too long subdued her natural instincts and desires.
A sexual attraction is one  but one.
Her conditioned mind sees.
She can not deny.
Shiven sees this dilemma and tries to show Kaya.
There is a life which she has a full right to live.
Kaya s father finds out about.
What has been going on and is furious with Shiven.
He sees Shiven.
Who has brought defiling things into their home.
Shiven s past catches up with them.
Manali s men are close.
<EOS>
The mother intercepts and destroys letters and does not allow him to see her.
He is not allowed to wear clothing.
He gets or buys with his own money.
She rejects angrily a gift.
She enters the bathroom.
He is naked  when he covers his genitals she demands that he exposes them.
She asks him to lie about.
He can not come.
Order that she and the boy can be together.
Also she does not tell him until after the funeral.
Julien s father is always busy and support his wife s behavior.
Only Julien s elder sister is concerned on Julien s.
The parents refuse to listen.
Nevertheless the mother also sometimes shows some kind  she likes dancing with him in the living room  playing soccer with him  and going together to the swimming pool.
She often comes.
However  Julien s school achievements deteriorate.
The mother tells the teacher.
She does not know what the problem is.
Julien secretly goes.
His parents go the girl s house to take him home.
Julien s sister phones him to warn him.
They are.
Julien hurries back home.
The parents meet him  grab him and put him  leaving his bike on the road.
Julien is beaten by his mother.
He alarms the police and tells.
He may commit suicide.
Four police officers arrive.
Reluctantly the mother lets them talk in a separate room.
Julien does not fully speak out.
The police check his arms and trunk but do not see anything.
They leave.
Julien is punished from his room  and by giving him limited access to his room.
Julien gets an alarm gun and threatens his mother with it.
However  she is not impressed.
Then he threatens her.
She dares him to kill her.
He stabs his mother.
A scene already shown is repeated  in  now it turns out.
Somebody is taken to an ambulance.
It is the mother.
A voice-over tells.
She survives and does not blame her son.
<EOS>
The movie is set.
When soccer club SC Heracles  in the rural east of the Netherlands  acquires an African player.
Steve Mokone makes Heracles a successful team  while changing every aspect in the small city.
Mokone builds a unique friendship.
Then leaves town as quickly.
He came.
<EOS>
Udayananu Tharam is the story.
Who yearns to write and direct his own movie.
Rajappan Thengummoodu is a rather crooked friend and an aspiring and failed actor.
He discovers.
Udayabhanu finally prepares to shoot his first movie.
Rajappan has stolen his manuscript.
Shooting is underway playing the lead.
Eventually propels him.
Udhayabhanu soon finds.
Himself faced  with his faltering relations with his superstar wife Madhumati contributing to the latter.
Later   Udayabanu prepares to direct another film.
He is forced to cast Rajappan.
He was the star.
Rajappan takes up the offer  and causes maximum trouble when possible.
He is also  but refuses to co-operate and throws tantrums.
He spends most.
Towards the end - using a perceived insult as a ruse  Rajappan leaves the set leaving the movie unfinished with the hope.
This will destroy Udayabanu s career.
But Udayabanu devises clever tactics and shoots the remaining scenes without him even being aware of it.
- the film is a critical and Box Office success.
Rajappan realises his mistakes and admits.
That Udayabanu is the real star and not himself.
<EOS>
Alice  the only relatively normal member  falls in love with Tony Kirby.
His wealthy banker father  Anthony P.
Kirby  and his snobbish mother  strongly disapprove.
Things do not turn out the way.
When the Kirbys are invited to become better acquainted with their future.
Alice had hoped.
<EOS>
The film opens working on a project about the human brain.
She wants to investigate the curious case.
Who is reported to have anterograde amnesia.
Her professor denies access.
It is currently.
Sunita  nonetheless  decides to investigate the matter herself.
Sanjay is introduced.
He takes a Polaroid picture  and writes on it done.
It is revealed.
Sanjay has anterograde amnesia where he loses his memory every 15 minutes.
Sanjay uses a system on his body to recover his memory after each cycle.
It is revealed.
Sanjay is ultimately out to avenge the death  and that he is systematically killing the people who were responsible for it.
His main target is Ghajini  a notable social personality.
Police Inspector Arjun Yadav   tracks Sanjay down to his flat and attacks and disables him.
Yadav finds two diaries.
Where Sanjay has chronicled the events.
The film flashes back.
Yadav reads the diary.
Sanjay Singhania is shown.
Sanjay sends his men to meet Kalpana  a struggling model  about putting up a billboard above her apartment.
The owner misinterprets.
This encourages Kalpana to accept the overture.
Kalpana thinks as an innocent prank  and decides to play out the charade as Sanjay s girlfriend.
May fetch her better modeling work.
As soon  he decides to confront Kalpana but falls on first sight.
Sanjay knows.
Thus  he introduces himself.
Eventually both hang around together and gradually develop a liking towards each other.
The diary ends.
He will reveal himself if she accepts.
Sanjay returns  attacks him and ties him up.
When Yadav is about to read the 2006 diary.
He tracks down Ghajini.
Where Ghajini is the guest.
Sanjay took pictures and decides to kill him.
He meets Sunita.
Who   decides to befriend him.
Later that evening  Sanjay mistakenly attacks and kills one in the parking lot.
Ghajini is perplexed and fails to recollect the incident.
However he decides to find and kill his enemies one.
Sanjay is not.
Sunita visits Sanjay s flat and finds Yadav  beaten and bound.
Sunita finds the two diaries and frees Yadav.
She also finds.
Ghajini is Sanjay s target.
Yadav tells her.
Sanjay is a known serial murderer.
Sanjay arrives suddenly  he remembers neither and chases them out.
Yadav is eventually hit.
Sunita barely escapes  going.
Believing Ghajini is  she informs him.
Sanjay is.
Ghajini arrives.
He destroys all the photographs  notes and scratches.
Satisfied  Ghajini leaves.
He has neutralized Sanjay.
Meanwhile   Sunita reads the diaries.
The film flashes fast then back to.
It is revealed.
Kalpana had accepted Sanjay s proposal.
This diary ends abruptly.
Sunita investigates further  and discovers.
Kalpana was traveling to Goa by train when she came upon 25 innocent young girls being trafficked to Goa.
She saves the girls.
Who name Ghajini.
Ghajini kills two girls.
Who recognized him  and goes.
His goons break and wait.
Her to return.
Sanjay arrives there to meet Kalpana.
Her last word was Ghajini.
The goons attack Kalpana.
Sanjay intervenes but Ghajini hits him.
Sanjay s last vision was Kalpana with the iron rod.
Sunita  now aware  finds Sanjay in the hospital and tells him the truth.
He flies.
He told her to lead him.
Arriving  Sanjay confronts all of Ghajini s henchmen and with superior strength  manages to disable.
Finding Ghajini himself  Sanjay fights Ghajini.
However  Ghajini realizes  so the two engage.
He is no match.
Sanjay s memory loss strikes again.
Ghajini turns around and stabs him.
He begins to taunt the stabbed Sanjay.
He murdered Kalpana  when Sanjay   overpowers Ghajini.
Sanjay kills Ghajini had killed Kalpana.
The film ends  still experiencing amnesia  volunteering at an orphanage.
Sunita gives him a gift.
Is the cement slab on which Kalpana and Sanjay impressioned their first footprints when the couple moved to remind him of his fond association with Kalpana.
<EOS>
Due to her father s financial hardships  Donalda Laloge is forced to marry the village miser  Seraphin Poudrier  and to leave behind the young man.
She truly loves.
Her beloved  Alexis  returns.
Donalda is extremely unhappy living.
He will do anything to save money.
This includes not giving Donalda children and not letting her eat enough.
Donalda becomes very sick.
Alexis returns just.
Seraphin realizes.
His house is.
He panics and runs  trying to save his money  but dies.
Alexis pulls him out.
The villagers pry open Seraphin s hands.
He has money.
Symbolises that he died and that s all he cared about.
<EOS>
The highlights of the film were  on the trail in the Indian camp Rose tortured surrounded by daggers rescued Buffalo Bill at the stake the Indian chiefs fight with knives Black Bill s lair.
Andrew Pike and Ross Cooper  Australian Film 1900-1977  A Guide Production  Melbourne  Oxford University Press  1998 .
<EOS>
One night geek Vishnu Pandey  stripping him down  molesting him and forcing him to act like a dog.
His cries fall on deaf ears.
Karan  an engineering freshman arrives.
He meets Vishnu  Nilesh and Bobby and befriends them.
That evening  Akshay  a gang leader  takes Karan.
Feroz asks Karan to drink a glass and throws it at Karan s face.
When he refuses.
Feroz and his goons later ask Karan to do a striptease.
They drag him out and strip him naked in front of everyone.
When he refuses.
Karan breaks down crying.
He recalls his humiliation.
Science student Payal asks.
He s okay.
They become friends.
Feroz s sadistic activities escalate.
He starts selling drugs.
Meanwhile  Karan and Payal fall.
Pawan arrives.
He finds the goons  along with Vishnu  Nilesh and Bobby.
Who are now part.
One night  Feroz brings a prostitute and asks Pawan to have unprotected sex with her to be witnessed by the entire gang and the warden.
Karan interferes  saving Pawan.
He helps Pawan study.
Feroz and his gang watch porn.
Feroz and the gang  intoxicated and aroused  enters Pawan s room and rape him.
When Karan leaves.
A pantless Pawan hangs himself with blood dripping down his legs  suggesting.
He was sodomized.
The reluctant dean   blames the suicide on Pawan s psychological problems.
Feroz warns Karan not to go.
He will rape Payal.
He raped Pawan  after which Karan breaks up.
That night  Karan goes and shoots Vishnu  Bobby  Nilesh and the warden three times each.
He ensues.
He shoots Feroz 9 times  thus ending their reign forever.
He is holding the upper hand.
<EOS>
Deepak is accused.
His lover Seema appears as public prosecutor and gets him life imprisonment.
Seema remembers her days three years ago.
Where both were ardent lovers and how she loved him.
Both consider themselves as married and united.
Deepak wants to meet Seema.
She unwillingly meets him.
Deepak explains.
Fate brought him.
Deepak is a lawyer and looks.
He has a sister Sushma the only family.
He has left.
Seema introduces Deepak.
Who dislikes their relationship but pretends to accept them.
Seema s father urges her to pursue her law.
She refuses.
She does not want to leave Deepak.
Deepak pesuades her to go ahead.
Seema obeys him hoping to get married.
Does not accept.
Seema has left Seema s father shows Deepak his real face and orders Deepak to go away.
Deepak s sister Sushma has got engaged.
Ajit and Deepak arranges.
Ajit initially behaves well  understanding Deepak s financial position  but turns evil.
Ajit does so.
Unable to get that much money  Deepak goes.
Ajit asked.
Seema s father agrees to help him.
He should get married and go away from Seema forever.
Unwillingly Deepak accepts and marries another woman.
But his wife dies after giving birth to their son Vicky.
Left alone Deepak s misfortune chases him.
When Ajit kills a courtesan Munnibhai.
Deepak takes blame and lands in jail.
Seema understands her father s role and wants to make appeal on the verdict.
Deepak stops her.
He requests her to take care and accept him as her son.
Which Seema promises.
Seema becomes mother and raises him.
Deepak spends his life.
Deepak gets released.
He does not want Vicky to know.
He is his father as he is very unlucky man.
His misfortunes should not affect his son.
Vicky brings his lover Poonam and introduces.
Deepak gets a job.
Vicky becomes a successful lawyer replacing his mother Seema.
Deepak feels happy.
Whenever he visits Poonam s home.
Poonam and Vicky get engaged.
Everything goes smooth.
Who is now an evil drunkard.
Ajit blackmails Seema.
He wishes to meet Vicky and tell to him.
Seema yields.
She does not want to break promise made about exposing the father-son relationship to Vicky.
Ajit is killed.
Deepak is accused.
Vicky appears without knowing that he his father and demands imprisonment for Deepak.
Seema appears.
Seema struggles hard to keep up the promise.
Vicky tests her patience.
<EOS>
Heavy snows trap Sylvester the Cat and Tweety alone.
The standard expository Mel Blanc radio report announces.
The roads will be blocked.
Panicked  Sylvester looks in the icebox  cupboards  and closets  finding nothing but boxes and boxes of bird seed.
He quickly seizes into being cooked  proposing sailboat play and skating.
The Sylvester-chases-Tweety cycle is continually disrupted  however.
Who is even hungrier and more desperate.
The mouse seizes  and has a great deal.
More luck has in cooking Tweety.
Granny arrives with a backpack full of food -- all boxes of bird seed.
Tweety and Sylvester are both eating the bird seed in bowls.
The mouse has one last attempt   Tweety says Aw  come now  it ca nt be that bad.
When Tweety asks Sylvester how he liked the bird seed and the mouse bites him.
<EOS>
The story focuses.
When her little brother went to wake her up.
Her concerned parents take her.
Where she is tested.
The results are shocking.
<EOS>
The protagonist  Alfredo Lopez  is an exasperated encyclopedia salesman and lives with his faithful wife Carmen in 1973 Spain.
Carmen and Alfredo are offered to create pornographic films.
Will be imported under the pretence of being an audiovisual encyclopedia of human reproduction.
Unknowingly  Carmen becomes an adult film star.
They are.
Alfredo and Carmen are trying to have a child.
Carmen discovers.
Alfredo has a sperm count.
Inspired to become a film-maker  Alfredo writes a Ingmar Bergman-inspired feature film titled Torremolinos.
His boss offers to fund the filming with Alfredo as director and Carmen as the female star.
Alfredo s boss changes the final scene.
That Carmen is to have sex so as to get herself pregnant.
Alfredo eventually accepts.
This and the film ends.
Alfredo beginning a new career.
<EOS>
A failing factory s owner hands the factory over to the workers to run it for themselves.
<EOS>
A young man takes drastic measures to rid his dysfunctional family.
Also features Paola Pitagora  Marino Mase and Liliana Gerace.
<EOS>
Arav is an ambitious young Indian.
Whose dream is to design cars.
He travels seeking greener pastures.
Where he meets the beautiful Anna.
Anna instantly goes head.
Arav remains focused.
He mellows and the two fall in love.
Moreover  Arav s ambitions go in the U.
S.
Gives him a job.
Coincidentally  the BMW chairman just happens to be Anna s grandfather.
He announces the impending nuptials.
<EOS>
Jaani runs a small time.
One fine day he helps two women  stuck and gives them a drive.
Utpala succeeds  by remembering jaani s answer and gets a job as nurse in an hospital.
Jaani and his partner also help Radha to get a job.
One day  Naga babu discovers cocaine.
They start investigating the source.
They discover this to be.
This unfolds the links.
They also offer jobs to unemployed and use them to sell their body parts.
Utpala s unemployed brother Sharma gets and leaves home.
Utpala reaches jaani to talk to her brother.
Jaani discovers and starts exploring.
The phone number given to contact her brother is.
Meanwhile Radha lodges a complaint and his son  sudhakar about their dark secrets.
Salim  a left hand  disguises himself as a police and asks radha to come with him for enquiry.
Jaani saves her and both fall and also start exploring Oberoi s kingdom.
When he attempts a rape.
They discover.
Prasad  escaped and left a letter with Utpala  explaining every activity in underworld.
But Prasad  the lone witness  is killed in hospital by Salim.
They re captured and left.
When Jaani and Radha attack Oberoi.
But using a magnifying glass  dropped  they free themselves and attack oberoi.
Nagababu is killed  trying to save jaani.
Furious jaani kills salim and oberoi.
Jaani marries Radha  and is shown travelling.
<EOS>
Julie Hemingway  a British female mercenary  is hired.
Order to help him eliminate the competition.
Hemingway coordinates a team to go undercover to complete the task  but is unaware.
Whitlock plans.
<EOS>
Sylvia West seems just about perfect.
Who proposes marriage.
She is beautiful  brilliant  financially independent  writes poetry and personifies.
What he wants.
But  Summers brings in a private investigator  Alan Macklin  to do a background check.
Macklin travels.
Where he learns that Sylvia is a former prostitute and a blackmailer whose fortune mainly comes from illegal means.
Macklin elects not to inform his client  however.
He has the bad luck to fall with Sylvia himself.
<EOS>
Kalyani is a journalist.
Who is investigating the rape and subsequent murder by a police man in rural Orissa.
She adopts the child and starts getting involved with the tribals  lives.
As her own married life has its share.
<EOS>
Dibyanath Chatterji  his bank-employed wife  Sujata  and youngest son  Brati  live an affluent existence.
Sujata is a quiet  devout Hindu  religious  and compassionate woman.
Brati has finished his school and is now attending college.
His parents are proud  and keep track of his progress.
Then their world is shattered.
When they are informed that Brati has been killed.
Dibyanath and Sujata go to identify Brati s body  mourn  lament inconsolably.
They know now - they will be called the mother and father corpse of No.
Their lives will never be the same again.
.
Sujata struggles to understand Brati s passing  meets his friends one  comes to know.
Brati had a girlfriend  Nandini Mitra  and that s when she finds out that Brati was part.
She begins to understand her son s struggle  and decides to continue to further this.
She delves deeper and deeper.
Is her.
What Sujata does not know.
Dibyanath s lives are.
They well turn up dead and end up.
<EOS>
Jake Nyman decides to take a professional vacation.
Where all decisions will be made.
He meets up.
Who becomes excited.
See  Flipism.
Things seem okay.
Sandra vanishes and Alice becomes involved.
<EOS>
Young con artist.
Edik gets.
Wealthy and middle-class emigres return  to the roots.
Who have made it.
Which they were severed.
The implicit motivation is the search for spiritual nourishment  and so the emigres sacrifice the material comforts of their villas and Western civilization to journey to their ancestral past  the timeless village of Golotvin.
They believe.
Here they will be able to complete themselves.
All.
Who orchestrates an elaborate crime.
The levels multiply quickly.
<EOS>
Set  the movie is the story of a California film student Les.
Who returns.
The first individual is Joe Head played.
He happens.
They are told.
Interviewing him.
Who has gone missing.
They then decide to switch gears to a docu-drama  filming the hunt for Jimmy.
They go.
They come.
Where Jimmy was last  or where he could be.
Jimmy s brother  played  is not very interested in finding his brother.
Disco Bean  John Turturro s version actually gives his account of.
Jimmy lost his eye.
Colonel Ron  is a homeless  toothless  strange Vietnam veteran.
Who catches fish  and may actually be the most intelligent one in the bunch.
Lefty and Junior constantly get.
Junior  a kleptomaniac  is always stealing Lefty s car.
The group uncover a ransom note.
To meet the demands they must borrow a large amount of money from the local loan shark The Snake  played by Scirico.
Who thinks it is not worth the asking price to rescue Jimmy who he calls a bum.
Snake was formerly known but has just returned from six months in a health spa.
Where he lost two hundred lbs.
And now wants to be known.
The gang pays a visit.
Completely distraught  Jimmy s mother commissions an amateur sketch artist Ellen to craft a poorly drawn portrait on a missing person flyer from a photograph  rather than using the actual photograph itself.
Ultimately she decides  and invites the entire group.
She must throw a house party.
We have met.
They all show up  and have a great time.
Joe Head woos Ellen.
He displays dance moves passed by Disco Bean.
Towards the end Jimmy winds up making his way home calls an early end to the party.
He was trapped for three days.
Where he stayed alive.
Visibly shaken  he recounts a tale.
The super did not pay.
<EOS>
Ollie brings Stan home.
Who storms out.
Mrs Kennedy  a neighbor  offers to help the boys cook dinner  they  in turn  help to set her dress on fire.
Mr Kennedy  a cop  returns home and the boys hide the slip-clad Mrs K.
Unaware  Mr Kennedy starts bragging.
His wife is.
<EOS>
The main plot involves Dr Caligari s experiments at the C.
I.
A glandular brain fluids.
Where she transfers.
Two  a nymphomanical housewife  are the primary subjects of her mindswapping.
Mrs Van Houten becomes the cannibal and Mr Pratt the nymphomaniac  although  they seem to still retain some elements as well.
Apparently Caligari s unconventional idea is to cure people.
This is never implicitly stated.
Several other doctors  a married couple Mr & Mrs Lodger  become concerned Dr Avol.
Who confronts Caligari only to fall victim and receives an injection of Mrs Van Houtens fluid turning him into a transvestite nymphomaniac.
Sex is a very prominent theme  especially for Mrs Van Houten.
Who appears topless and performs masturbation.
There are no hard core graphic scenes.
This was released.
Mrs Van Houten has injected Dr Caligari with her own nymphomanical fluid.
Herself s thus the patient  the doctor becomes the patient.
Becomes the doctor.
The inmates are left running the asylum.
<EOS>
Chev Chelios lands in the middle of an intersection after falling out of a helicopter.
He is scooped off the street by a group of Chinese medics and removed from the scene.
Chelios wakes up and sees doctors removing his heart.
Johnny Vang watches.
The doctors place Chelios s heart  and place a clear plastic artificial heart in his chest.
He wakes up three months later and escapes.
He notices and sets out to find his heart.
A yellow battery pack is attached.
He learns the location of Johnny Vang  the Cypress Social Club.
Chelios calls Doc Miles.
Who tells him that he has been fitted.
Miles informs Chelios.
He will have 60 minutes.
It stops working.
Pack. 
Driving Chelios crashes his car which destroys his external battery.
Chelios has the driver use his jumper cables on him.
Chelios loses Vang but picks up a hooker named Ria.
Who sends him.
Where Vang is hiding out.
Chelios finds Eve  now a stripper.
A group  led by Chico  show up looking for Chelios.
Chelios learns.
A mobster named El Huron wants to kill him.
He does nt find out why.
Chelios commandeers a police cruiser with Eve and another stripper.
The stripper tells Chelios.
He should look for Johnny Vang.
Chelios meets Venus.
Who reveals himself to be Kaylo s brother.
Wanting his help  he tells Venus  but escaped.
El Huron was involved.
Chelios begins losing energy again.
Another call informs him.
Friction will cause static electricity.
Eve shows up.
They have sex before Chelios spots Vang and leaves Eve behind.
Vang escapes.
Chelios is about to be subdued.
When Don Kim picks Chelios up.
He informs Chelios.
There is a leader named Poon Dong  who was in need of a heart transplant and chose Chelios s to replace his.
Chelios kills Don Kim and his henchmen.
Don Kim wishes to return him.
Meanwhile  Venus calls to assist in tracking down El Huron.
Chelios boards an ambulance and steals a battery pack.
Searching. 
Chelios exits the ambulance.
A shootout ensues.
Before Chelios subdues Vang.
Chelios discovers.
Vang s red cooler does nt contain his heart and then learns from Doc Miles that his heart has already been transplanted into Poon Dong.
Johnny Vang is shot and killed.
Chelios interrogates him  after which Chelios is knocked unconscious.
Doc Miles uses his secretary to locate Poon Dong to retrieve Chelios s heart.
Chelios is taken.
Where El Huron awaits.
It is revealed.
El Huron is   the brother of Ricky and Alex Verona  both of whom Chelios killed in the first film.
He reveals.
Ricky Verona s head is being kept alive long enough to watch El Huron kill Chelios.
El Huron is about to kill Chelios  each.
When Orlando  Venus and Ria show up.
Verona s head is killed by Chelios.
He climbs a nearby telephone pole and grabs a pair to recharge.
Chelios starts to slow down.
He is flung off the pole and set by the massive current.
He kills El Huron.
Chelios walks  giving the middle finger to the audience in the final moment of the film.
Doc Miles replaces Chelios s heart.
The credits roll.
Chelios has suffered what appears to be fatal burns.
It looks like a failure but  after everyone leaves  Chelios s eyes open wide.
His heart monitor indicates normal activity.
<EOS>
Little Red goes out to buy some drugs on the dangerous streets  aptly named The Forest.
She is caught by a crooked police officer  Wolfy.
Who seems more interested.
He is forced to shoot them  then eats Red  the only witness.
When some careless tourists snap photos.
Meanwhile  Red s father  Black Santa  goes out to steal some presents.
He happens to break  and ends up having sex with his wife.
Wolfy comes home to find his wife  and shoots her.
Santa manages to grab a gun.
Hearing Red s voice coming  Santa tears open Wolfy s body to find his daughter safe.
Shaken. 
Red and her family sing carols around the Christmas tree.
Is now topped.
The film is notable throughout.
It begins.
Channel 4 introduced this short film noting.
It was almost the antithesis.
<EOS>
The Stooges are firemen.
Who are constantly getting.
They are warned.
One more incident will cost them their jobs.
They then proceeded back  in this case  cleaning the fire hoses.
A new coupe is delivered to the station.
The chief has purchased.
Curly rolls out the hose.
But  the hoses are cut by a passing streetcar  with Curly starting to identify them after the first names of the young Dionne quintuplets.
Moe wrings Curly s hands on the wringers.
Meanwhile  Curly sneaks out to visit his girlfriend Mayzie to celebrate her birthday.
She has two friends  so Curly tries to get Moe and Larry to join him.
Who need dates.
The two other girls are named Mimi and Minnie  the latter being tall  heavy set  and quite determined to secure a boyfriend.
She even aggressively pursues a very reluctant Curly.
When it becomes apparent that the restrictions are going to prevent Moe and Larry.
Larry attempts to go anyway  but is stopped by pulling his hair.
Moe then goes holding Larry by the hair  and locks the door to prevent Larry from leaving.
But Larry fights back.
The key goes.
Moe then proceeds to use Larry.
Just then  Curly realizes  so he decides to activate it.
The only way he knows to get Moe and Larry out is to pull a fire alarm.
The firemen respond.
Realizing the alarm  they force themselves out  and down.
They found  so they decided to use the coupe.
The firemen have left them.
They go  finding Curly and the three girlfriends waiting for them.
Moe is irate.
Sensing the approaching fire truck  all six then ride the coupe and go  with Curly at the wheel  barely missing cars and streetcars.
One unfortunate turn hits the car  forcing them into the boot except for Moe.
Who lands outside.
Moe  assisted  retrieves them out of the car.
The three girlfriends scoot off in a huff.
However   Minnie gets.
This happens.
The Stooges push the battered coupe  but forgot to shut it off.
The car goes  back to the fire station.
It goes out again.
The chief realizes.
It is his car that is.
The car ends up.
The car explodes.
They closed the door.
The fire truck   chases the Stooges.
Sensing the chief  they escape.
<EOS>
The Geotech Company has set up a large Antarctic base to drill.
The facility is staffed.
The team s leader  Professor Ted Jacobson has romantic ties.
The rest are four post grad students  Arianna  Tom  Update  and Curtis.
A giant black trilobite makes its appearance and attacks Dr Kelsey.
The rest get picked off by the monster.
<EOS>
Two private bankers  Alistair and Jamie   hide and seek from the margins of society.
Who have the world get their kicks from playing a 12 hour game of hunt.
Their next target is Sean Macdonald a parentless teenager.
Who lives on the outskirts of Edinburgh.
She s  he s going nowhere fast.
Sean agrees to play.
He soon realises.
He s walked where survival is the name of the game.
<EOS>
Red Doc  a man  arrives.
Claims he can take.
Madame Lorraine spots him  and  kills him and has two.
Inviting him upstairs.
The next day  Jonah Hex arrives  looking to pick up a $ 5000 bounty on Red.
Who taunts him.
Who goes.
Paying the girl off  Hex buys drinks  getting Lorraine s attention and joining her upstairs.
However  Hex manages to avoid her shot and knocks her out  then proceeds to kill her henchmen.
Stepping out  he is shot at by the bartender.
Whom he kills.
He then demands.
Lorraine tell him where Red is.
Lorraine takes him  and shows him a dark hole.
Leads. 
She and Hex journey down.
It is revealed.
Lorraine has murdered at least fifteen men.
Grabbing a knife  Lorraine tries once more to kill Hex.
Who punches her and secures Red s body.
Lorraine comes to just.
Hex reaches the top and kicks down the rope.
Lorraine first pleads  then tells Hex.
They can be partners.
He ca nt leave her.
Hex says.
She has plenty  then departs.
Lorraine trembles.
She stares in the shaft slowly going out  leaving her trapped in the dark.
<EOS>
Paul Julius Reuter starts a messenger service using homing pigeons to fill a gap  but has difficulty convincing anyone to subscribe.
Reuter s message saves the day.
When poison is sent by mistake.
However  he is persuaded to keep it quiet  the doctors are doing.
A scandal would undo all the good work.
Finally though  Reuter is finally able to convince bankers.
He can provide them much more quickly than by any other means.
He is particularly pleased and surprised his lifelong  lackadaisical friend.
Max Wagner has become over and run the place.
Reuter sends a message  asking her to marry him.
She sends one back.
He realizes.
When the telegraph network finally fills the gap Reuter s business had been exploiting.
He can use the employees he has all over Europe to gather the news and sell it to the newspapers.
Once again  he encounters resistance  particularly  but overcomes it by persuading Louis Napoleon III to allow him to disseminate the text of an extremely important speech at the same time.
It is being presented.
Later  a rival company appears  Anglo Irish secretly builds a telegraph line.
Gives it a two hour lead.
Reuter borrows money and builds his own line  one.
Extends further west and gets the news even quicker.
Its first use is to announce the assassination.
He is accused.
Nobody knows.
Order to manipulate the stock market.
The matter is brought up.
Reuter is vindicated.
When slower services confirm his story.
<EOS>
Albert and Tania are now happily married  but ca nt quite seal the deal.
They are nt married.
Sefa and Leilani have got two kids.
Stanley is now a trainee Deacon  Michael has moved to Australia.
Bolo ditched his job.
A crisis brings them back together   the Minister gathers up the boys to find him  somewhere.
Adulthood drives them apart.
When Bolo disappears.
<EOS>
Irene  a housewife  becomes bored.
Her husband and son are absent.
She becomes attracted.
She met when he trimmed a tree.
She accidentally becomes trapped.
Arrives later.
Discovered  they agree to drive her into town.
She can catch a bus home.
Chinese New Year is.
She is seduced during the celebrations at a Chinese nightclub and bath house.
Repressed images return.
Irene develops an erotic relationship.
Confronted to Grace  Irene flees after starting a fire.
However Billy chases her and drives her home.
Where her husband and child have yet to return.
Feeling grief and self-loathing  Irene hesitates to return.
Billy lectures her  helps her to dress and disappears.
They return that night.
<EOS>
Two members get trapped in a remote island on a midnight  after committing a murder.
The island is connected only through a rail link.
Is filled.
The young men comes with the only inhabitants of the island  Ottakkayyan Vasu  his wife and.
The story develops into an unpredictable end.
<EOS>
Anis Ferchichi celebrates with his birthday with his crew on the tour bus.
Ferchichi gets a letter.
This brings back memories  these are shown through flashbacks.
Ferchichi spends his childhood  with his Tunisian father  German mother  and younger brother Sercan.
He grew up and often watched his father beating his mother.
He is a poor student  but embraces music.
He goes and leaves his girlfriend.
She is unfaithful.
He earns good money selling drugs.
Celebrating his success at a party.
Where he meets Selina  who becomes his new girlfriend.
One day  drug dealers break with his family  tie up his mother and his brother Sercan  ransack their possessions and steal their money.
Ferchichi spends more time with his friends.
Years later  Ferchichi  now an adult  starts freestyle rapping  including Patrick Losensky.
A video game inspires Ferchichi to call himself Bushido.
He and Losensky sign a record contract  based on Aggro Berlin.
Bushido leaves Hardcore Berlin.
The film ends.
<EOS>
Provincial 10-year-old Zazie stays.
Her mother spends some time.
Zazie manages to evade her uncle s custody  however  and  metro strike notwithstanding  sets out to explore the city.
Zazie is younger than in the book.
<EOS>
Gangland kingpin Joe Krozac returns from Europe with a new wife  Talya.
Who is unaware.
The Kile brothers have muscled in.
Three are killed.
Acey Kile survives.
Talya soon becomes pregnant  much to Krozac s delight.
However  Krozac is sent.
Their son is born.
Reporter Paul North plays a dirty trick  putting a gun in the baby s hands for a photograph.
Talya visits her husband.
His editor refuses to do so.
When Talya goes.
Paul is so ashamed  he quits his job and strikes up a relationship with Talya.
She gets a divorce and marries Paul.
They move away and change their names to start a new life.
He is determined to take his son  now named Paul Jr.
When Krozac is released.
And. 
However  his old assistant  Curly  persuades him to take charge first.
It turns out to be a trap.
Curly and the others only want to learn.
Where Krozac hid his money.
The gang kidnaps his son to apply pressure.
When Krozac resists their torture.
Krozac gives in.
The gang drive off  leaving Krozac and his son on foot.
He is unable to convince the boy.
He is his father.
They get along all right.
Krozac has a change and leaves without his son.
The boy is reunited.
However  Acey Kile is waiting.
Acey taunts Krozac  saying.
He is going to tell the newspapers who the boy s father really is after he guns.
To stop that  Krozac rushes him and manages to kill Acey.
<EOS>
This is a contemporary fable loosely based.
Roseanne is outwardly a perfect and popular teen.
Who suffers.
Her mother begins an affair and leaves her to live alone with her alcoholic stepfather.
One night  he rapes Roseanne.
Traumatized  she decides to take things.
The twosome murder her stepfather in retribution.
Roseanne s conscience quickly begins to unravel afterwards.
The story is narrated.
Who is as concerned as he is obsessed with her.
Consoling her.
The plot develops he forges a relationship.
Giving her advice while trying to point her.
It becomes possible.
He  perhaps  might be her only salvation.
<EOS>
Attorney  Claire Kubik  and her woodworker husband  Tom  find.
Their idyllic life shattered when  during a Christmas shopping excursion in San Francisco s Union Square  he is captured by the FBI and charged with the murder of nine peasants in a remote village in El Salvador in.
Claire is shocked to discover and has been for the past fourteen years.
Tom  whose real name is Ronald Chapman  was a covert military operative serving.
Tom admits.
He was present but staunchly denies being involved in the killings.
He insists.
He has been made a scapegoat to conceal the identity of the real culprit  Major James Hernandez  now the aide of Brigadier General Bill Marks.
First Lieutenant Terence Embry is assigned to defend Tom.
His youth and lack prompt Claire to decide to defend her husband as well.
She hires Charlie Grimes  an embittered former military attorney  to assist her.
When she realizes she needs help.
Who has a grudge.
Five key eyewitnesses   have died  raising Claire and Charlie s suspicions.
Who previously testified Tom was guilty.
They uncover a massive cover-up perpetrated by one of the military s highest ranking officials.
Claire blackmails a general.
What she knows and asks him to make the case go away.
The Department has the case thrown out of court due to security reasons.
Charlie discovers the truth.
As Claire is about to celebrate her victory.
Tom had murdered one  indicating that he was the killer after all.
A short scuffle between Claire and Tom ensues.
The Salvadorian witness shoots Tom through the window.
The film ends starting a new partnership-based law firm.
<EOS>
The story revolves.
Who is married.
Santosh works and is a very simple man.
However  his simplicity and lack often sees.
Him engage with Shanti.
The regular fights start taking their toll.
Where he is often looked down Prem who is always bragging about how smooth his own married life is and how understanding his wife Khushi is.
But the reality is.
He is as disturbed.
The film takes many twists and turns.
Which Santosh imagines that he is the boyfriend or husband.
This lands him in trouble with the police but  the two come to terms with each other and realize.
When Shanti bails him out.
Such things are a normal part.
They must learn to live.
<EOS>
A group reunite at their high school reunion  each with their own unbelievable revelation story.
They separated.
Jake  Cully  Reeves  AJ  and Marty are best friends and promise to remain.
Though they live far apart.
Three years later  five friends decide to have a homecoming party from their high school days.
<EOS>
A mysterious virus spreads across Japan.
Everyone infected dies without exception  screaming and their heads exploding.
Their faces turn into a smiling face.
Strongly resembles Kim.
<EOS>
Where streets are overrun.
Who have sworn to uphold the law.
Four friends CHEEMA  JAMAL  JOHNNY and JUGGY only have one thing.
Who are high school friends.
They all get - get rich fast.
Helped.
Whose methods are questionable.
But it does nt take much to turn.
When money and power is involved.
Everyone suddenly feels himself and is in a race to uncover the true intention of the other man in time to save himself.
When it becomes clear that everyone is playing a dark game of lies and deceit.
But will either be willing to turn on friends and comrades.
They ve made.
<EOS>
The Scissor gang are fighting some unknown gang on the rooftop.
The other gang starts to get the upper hand and are about to kill Robocop.
He is saved.
But however she falls from the top of the building.
The fall does nt kill her.
It does cause her to suffer amnesia.
She s found by Yoon Jae-Choi  the kindly owner of a small-scale Chinese restaurant.
She worked under the name of Tsu Tsu.
She tries several times to regain her memory but fails.
She happens to be at the bank.
Is being put.
When one starts kicking a pregnant woman.
Regaining a part about she getting kicked by Nuanman  she then beats up all three of the robbers and prevents the bank robbery.
Meanwhile the White Shark has survived the fire and have returned to the neighborhood.
He plans to demolish the buildings and build a big mall in there.
But he happens to see.
She is being awarded.
He inquires and learns from a local hoodlum.
She is working.
He asks the hoodlum to make an order.
That they may get to know her.
But he immediately recognizes her and hires Jun Man  brother of Nuanman to kill her.
When she appears.
Once   Tsu Tsu fell from the roof and recovered her past memories with White Shark.
Who had recruited Jun Man to kill her.
Jun Man became impotent.
When Jae-choi s motorbike accidentally hit him.
Ji-hyun was later kidnapped.
They call Jae-Choi and threaten him to sell his daughter to brothel.
He does nt tell them.
Jae-choi gets stabbed and killed.
When Eun-Jin hears she goes to save Ji-Hyun but while she was being rescued by.
Eun-jin was saved.
Ji-hyun later joined Eun-jin s gang to fight.
<EOS>
Frank Martin is a highly skilled driver known only.
The titular character is a former Special Forces officer.
Who  disillusioned and tortured by the memories of his past  now lives on the French Mediterranean coastline with a lucrative backup career.
He will transport anything  no questions asked   always on time.
He is known.
He strictly follows four rules  Rule 1  No new deals   and Rule 4  Never make a promise.
When transporting.
When it s a deal  it s a deal  Rule 2  No names  Rule 3  Do nt open the package.
You ca nt keep.
Frank has been hired to transport Three men  254 kilos.
Frank refuses to move  holding fast.
When not three get into his car  fresh from a bank heist.
Frank leaves.
One gang member is killed.
They foist new money on Frank to drive further from the city.
He refuses the deal  again adhering.
The robbers escape.
Frank leaves.
Frank returns.
He finds out.
The gang was caught.
Later  local police Inspector Tarconi   arrives to question Frank.
Who happens to be a close acquaintance.
His make and model was the same used in the robbery.
However   Tarconi has no concrete proof about the heist and leaves his Villa.
Frank is then hired to deliver a package.
He notices.
Something is moving.
He refuses to open the bag due.
He breaks one and opens the package.
Changing a flat tire.
Was placed.
He finds.
The package is really a woman.
He makes a small hole and gives her a bottle of juice to drink.
He delivers the package.
Wall Street asks Frank to transport a briefcase.
Frank reluctantly accepts the job.
He takes the briefcase and leaves.
He stops at a gas station to eat and rest for a little while.
The briefcase turns out to be a bomb.
Destroys Frank s car but leaves him unharmed.
Frank snaps and returns with a vengeance  dispatching several of his henchmen and then stealing a car to get away  only to find the package tied to a chair in the back seat.
Later on  he returns  and unties the package.
Who tells him that her name is Lai.
The next day  Tarconi arrives.
Lai opens the door and claims to be Frank s new cook.
He makes the usual inquiries  producing a scorched license plate  and expressing suspicion.
Frank s cook drives a Mercedes.
Lai now says and supports Frank s alibi.
She is Frank s new girlfriend.
They met.
Tarconi leaves again.
However   missiles rain down.
After he leaves.
Frank and Lai are barely able to escape the house.
It completely explodes.
Being questioned about the destruction of Frank s house  Frank and Lai are able to deflect Tarconi s questions.
Lai manages to sneak.
She tells Frank  and is planning to sell them.
Wall Street is trafficking two shipping containers.
Lai and Frank go.
However  Wall Street reveals.
Lai s family is not.
Her father is the man responsible for the human trafficking.
Tarconi   then arrives.
Who was following Frank.
Wall Street and Lai s father accuse Frank.
Unable to prove otherwise  Tarconi has Frank arrested and locked up.
Frank does his best to explain the situation to Tarconi.
Tarconi agrees to abet Frank s escape.
Frank then tracks the criminals.
Where they load the containers.
However  Frank is spotted and is forced to fight his way.
He then steals a small airplane and parachutes  killing Wall Street and a number of his henchmen.
Frank is then ambushed by Lai s father.
However  Frank is saved.
When Lai shoots her own father.
Afterwards  Tarconi arrives.
They rescue the people trapped.
Frank and Lai help to load them.
The film ends.
<EOS>
George ` Iceman  Chambers  former Undisputed Heavyweight Boxing Champion  is convicted and sentenced to a new prison in the desert called Sweetwater Prison.
Chambers is quick to throw his status.
The prison however has a system.
Where every 6 months  a boxing match from other prisons.
Seeing Hutchen  Chambers takes.
A cheap shot is placed into solitary confinement.
Mendy Ripstein  an elderly prisoner sees some potential to get a large sum.
Who has large influences.
Hutchen and Chambers fight and asks his assistant Jesus Campos to arrange.
The head guard is intimidated to go and says.
Who runs the boxing events is easily persuaded.
It is to never be recorded or brought up ever.
Chambers agrees.
If he can get early parole.
Ripstein makes arrangements.
Ripstein comes up.
Is to be bareknuckle.
Hutchen is let out.
After he completes making a matchstick pagoda building and starts to train.
Chambers  manager Yank Lewis is distraught.
Eventually  Lewis convinces Ripstein and Campos.
Ripstein agrees and allows 6 oz.
Gloves to be used.
Hutchen talks and convinces him to give Hutchen 40 % of the winnings of the fight.
Training continues.
He can give the money.
Hutchen was committed without the possibility of parole for beating a man to death with his boxing skills  deemed.
It turns out.
He could ` Respond.
Chambers has continued.
Each leader comes to Hutchen saying.
They will rig the fight to give Hutchen the edge.
Hutchen refuses the chance and says  everybody can be beat.
He will take Chambers down and that No matter how good you are.
Campos is also propositioned  but he refuses as well saying this is Ripstein s dream.
He does nt want anyone messing.
Fight Night comes.
The prison waits.
Iceman and Monroe start the fight just feeling each other out  both scoring damaging hits  then Iceman knocks Monroe down.
Next round begins  again Monroe is knocked down and visibly hurt.
Third round begins.
Monroe dodges a right hook with a left hook.
Staggers Iceman hitting him without defending himself and knocking him down for the first time in his fighting career.
Iceman becomes furious.
The next round begins.
Monroe and Iceman continue to trade blows  Iceman throws another right hook.
Monroe dodges and hits Iceman.
Monroe wins the fight via knockout.
Three weeks later and Campos gives a monologue.
Ripstein has died  Iceman is given early Parole  Monroe Hutchen is moved to a nicer  larger and generally more accommodating cell.
Campos is given $ 2 million  held in trust.
His time is served and that he no longer has an excuse to be a criminal.
Finally he tells the viewer.
Iceman and his press team have denied that the fight ever happened.
It dissolved.
Chambers ever lost.
They all mock the announcer s claim.
When the whole prison watches Iceman regain his ` World Champion  Title.
George is Undisputed.
Hutchen completes a Matchstick model.
The prisoners chant his name again.
A freeze frame occurs.
A message appears next  Name  Monroe Hutchen Record  69 wins 0 losses  Undisputed.
The film then cuts straight.
<EOS>
The film opens.
He successfully kills the creature and is briefly attacked.
Who comes out.
These appear to be normal people  capable under the bog s depths.
The man shrugs off the attacks and continues on.
Meanwhile an archaeology Professor David Wallace is teaching a class.
Had taken place ago.
One student confronts the mummified remains of a sacrifice  and abruptly leaves the room.
He finds.
She is a hired assistant Saiorse Reilly.
She leaves on an archaeological evaluation of some of the local hillsides.
A pair of travelers Hannah Ross and her cousin Mallory break down in an automobile and head off on foot.
They had stolen.
Mallory sprains her ankle.
She and Hannah take refuge.
A woman named Val Leary and her cab driver.
Inadvertently find their way  shortly afterward  having run into a cow on a nearby road.
David and Saiorse arrive.
They are greeted.
The six strangers learn to live together.
Who invites them.
They regale stories  Deano states  Mallory and Hannah had saved the life of a child s father.
They dine.
He had once rushed a woman giving birth.
Who had fallen off chance.
She did it some time prior and had called the police.
Val admits she had dug up one.
She lies and says.
David sparks suspicion.
Val and Deano leave.
Hunter shortly after decides to go hunting  and provides bedding.
Now extremely ill  Mallory is taken back.
Hunter is put.
He could have killed them.
Deano is led back he had lied about his story  accidentally killing a fare by catching her coat into the back door of his cab and dragging her to death afterward stashing her body into the swamp.
His Taxi had gotten stuck.
Deano attempts to free his taxi and is accidentally dragged to his death as well.
Back  Hannah departs to find another way out of the bog and ends up getting captured by the giant man.
David attempts to intervene and calm the bog man down  but Hunter shoots him.
The man decapitates Hannah.
Mallory tells David.
They had lied as well  that they had accidentally hit an old trench digger walking along the road and buried him near the bog.
Dying shortly  Saiorse tells David.
David realizes that their stories seem to have prompted this.
She too killed a man  her uncle who constantly beat and raped her  even giving her a still born child.
And Hunter claims  instead he killed the man to stop his agony.
A man he had saved could have been saved.
He accidentally shot him.
The bog man runs to the bog.
They watch.
<EOS>
The first portion is set on November 21 .
Birdlace and three have arrived in San Francisco for twenty-four hours  before shipping off to Vietnam  and are planning on attending a dogfight later that evening.
They separate.
Birdlace ducks.
A few women reject his advances.
Where he encounters Rose  a waitress   practicing her guitar.
She is not particularly ugly  but rather plain  shy and awkward.
Birdlace attempts to charm her  complimenting her  and inviting her to a party.
She is suspicious  but decides to accept his invitation.
Birdlace begins to have second thoughts.
Walking. 
She s not ugly enough to compete  and attempts to talk her out.
However they encounter one and his date in front of the bar  and so he has no choice.
To proceed into the dogfight.
Birdlace proceeds to get drunk  presumably feeling guilty.
Rose convinces Birdlace to dance with her.
He resists because he knows that s where the dates get judged.
The alcohol and dancing eventually make.
Rose feel dizzy.
She rushes off and ends up getting sick.
Rose does not win the dogfight  Marcie  the date  is the winner.
It is revealed.
Clues Rose.
Rose is devastated  tears  and then storms off.
Birdlace immediately regrets having treated Rose so cruelly  and chases.
He convinces her to let him buy her dinner.
The two walk to a club  and then to an arcade.
Where Rose hopes to perform soon.
Birdlace is surprised to find himself enjoying spending time  so much so.
He forgets that he was to have met up at a tattoo parlor where they were to get matching tattoos to solidify their friendship.
Rose tells Birdlace.
He reveals.
He will be shipping off.
He hopes.
She offers to write  and asks.
He will write back.
Birdlace walks Rose home.
They share an awkward moment.
She hesitantly invites him.
They attempt to talk.
End up engaged.
Rose gives him her address and asks him to write.
He is leaving.
Birdlace meets up.
Where they board their bus.
Birdlace makes up a story.
He did not show up because he spent the night.
Berzin later shares  Birdlace counters.
He saw him.
He is aware that Berzin s date  Marcie  was actually a prostitute.
They agree to keep one.
Another s secrets  as Birdlace tears up Rose s address and throws it.
Rose is then shown  weeping and watching coverage of President Kennedy s assassination on TV.
The film then cuts.
Where Birdlace and his three friends are shown.
They are playing cards and trying to pass time.
When they are suddenly mortared.
The scene descends.
Birdlace is then shown getting off in San Francisco.
Discharged  he is walking with a limp.
It is suggested.
His three friends were all killed.
He is taken.
Much things have changed since he was last there  with hippies and flower children everywhere.
He walks.
Where Rose s coffee shop is  and goes to have a drink.
The bartender tells him.
Rose s mother has turned the coffee shop over.
He then makes his way.
Rose  not having heard in three years  is surprised to see him  and can only say hi.
She walks over.
They fall.
The film ends.
<EOS>
The film begins.
Described during Alferd Packer s trial in.
Packer insists.
Things happened differently.
A group of miners in Provo  Utah hear of new gold discoveries in Breckenridge and decide to travel to Colorado Territory to stake a claim.
Packer is nominated.
The original guide  Lucky Larry  dies.
He claimed knowledge.
He and his trusty horse  Liane  set off  on.
What Packer estimates will be a three-week journey.
Four weeks later  they become convinced.
They are lost.
They run into a group of three fur trappers  Loutzenheiser  Nutter  and their diminutive leader  Frenchy Cabazon.
The trappers despise.
The miners  diggers as they call them  yet seem to like Packer s horse.
They tell the group.
They are heading.
The next day  Packer wakes up to discover his horse.
Friend  Liane  is missing.
The men press on and cross the Green River.
The group asks Packer.
There are any other big rivers that they will have to cross.
Eventually  the Packer party is spotted.
They are taken back.
Where they learn the trappers are waiting to pass as recommended by the chief.
The story returns.
Where Polly continues her research by herself.
The next day  Packer is sentenced by hanging.
Polly visits Packer once again.
Where he continues his story.
She reveals her growing affection through song.
The men set out.
Packer learns the trappers have already left.
The group begins to suspect.
Packer is really only interested.
They soldier on.
They encounter the foreboding Cyclops who recalls how a Union soldier shot out his eye.
He realizes.
Packer s men are not Southern boys after they can not finish the lyrics.
They escape.
The badly frostbitten Swan tries to cheer everybody up about building a snowman.
They soon run out  resorting to eating their shoes.
They become lost.
Bell shoots Swan in the head.
He does not appreciate his Pollyanna-esque perspective.
The men discuss their dire situation that night  speaking of the cannibalism.
The Donner Party had to resort in California.
They decide to consume the body  but not the butt.
Only Bell refuses.
A few more days leads to talk.
Packer convinces them.
Bell has killed the others  claiming.
When he returns.
They planned to kill and eat him after Packer left.
Packer is forced to kill Bell.
He has gone insane.
Arriving sometime later  Packer finds Liane.
Who has taken.
The sheriff eventually finds and arrests Packer for cannibalism during a bar-fight between him and the trappers.
He is saved at the gallows by the effort of Liane and Polly.
They had gotten a stay from the governor.
States that Packer could not be convicted since Colorado was not a state at the time of the incident.
Cabazon tries to trigger the gallows.
The townsfolk came to see bloodshed.
The Indian chief saves Packer  satisfying the crowd s bloodlust.
Polly and Packer kiss only to be frightened.
<EOS>
Impossible Missions Force agent Trevor Hanaway is killed in Budapest  Hungary to intercept a courier working for a nuclear extremist code-named Cobalt.
Hanaway s team leader  Jane Carter  and newly promoted field agent  Benji Dunn  extract Ethan Hunt and Hunt s source  Bogdan.
Hunt is recruited to lead Carter and Dunn to infiltrate secret Kremlin archives and locate files identifying Cobalt.
Someone broadcasts across the IMF frequency  alerting the Russians to the presence of Hunt s team.
A bomb destroys the Kremlin  and Russian agent Sidorov arrests Hunt  suspecting him.
Dunn and Carter escape.
The Russians have called the attack an undeclared act.
The President activates Ghost Protocol  a black operation contingency.
Disavows the IMF.
Hunt and his team are to take the blame  but will be allowed to escape from government custody.
Order to track down Cobalt.
The IMF s secretary is killed.
Hunt can escape.
To find their own way out.
The team identifies Cobalt.
Who plans to start a nuclear war.
Hendricks bombed the Kremlin  however  he now needs the activation codes.
Order to acquire and use a Russian nuclear launch-control device.
Order to launch a nuclear missile.
S.
The exchange s right-hand man  Wistrom  is due to take place at the Burj Khalifa in Dubai  United Arab Emirates.
There  Hunt s team members separately convince Moreau and Wistrom.
They have made the exchange.
However  Moreau identifies Brandt.
Carter detains Moreau.
Hunt chases Wistrom  only to realize that Wistrom is actually Hendricks  escaping with the codes.
Moreau attempts to kill the inexperienced Dunn.
Carter kicks her out.
Brandt accuses Carter.
Hunt accuses Brandt.
He has displayed fighting skills atypical.
Brandt admits.
Hunt seeks more information.
He was a field agent assigned to Hunt and his wife  Julia Meade  in Croatia.
Julia was killed  prompting Hunt to pursue and kill them.
Brandt was.
He was caught and sent to prison.
Brandt blames himself and ca nt bring himself to admit his true identity to Hunt.
Bogdan and his arms-dealer cousin inform Hunt.
Hendricks will be.
Hendricks facilitated the sale to Indian telecommunications entrepreneur Brij Nath.
The satellite could be used to transmit the order to fire a missile.
Carter gets Nath to reveal the satellite override code.
Brandt and Dunn infiltrate the server room to deactivate the satellite.
But Hendricks has anticipated Hunt s plan and turns off Nath s servers.
Itself to fire at San Francisco.
Hunt pursues Hendricks and the launch device.
The other team-members attempt to bring the broadcast station back.
Hunt and Hendricks fight over the launch-control device.
Hendricks jumps to ensure the launch.
Dunn kills Wistrom  allowing Brandt to restore power and enabling Hunt to deactivate the missile.
The fatally wounded Hendricks witnesses the failure.
Hunt is then confronted.
Who sees Hunt has stopped the missile  proving the IMF is innocent.
The team reconvenes weeks later.
Hunt introduces the team and then issues new assignments.
Dunn and Carter accept.
Brandt refuses.
Hunt reveals.
Julia s death was staged  as he knew he could not protect her  and used her death.
Relieved  Brandt accepts his mission.
Hunt watches Julia.
They share a smile.
He embarks.
<EOS>
Spencer Spence Scott is a 17-year old black high school senior.
Who has lived his entire life.
Having been raised  he is starting to become frustrated by the effects of racism.
He objects.
When his history teacher speaks ill during the American Civil War.
He storms angrily and slips to into the bathroom to calm down by smoking a cigar.
When the teacher dismisses the objection.
He is discovered there and is suspended.
His white friends are beginning to exclude him from their activities.
They want to include girls.
None approve of their daughters socializing in circles.
Include a black boy.
Spence confides.
He can not face the prospect.
What has happened  so he decides to leave home  catching a bus.
His time is short-lived  however.
He is socially unprepared.
He finds.
He is intelligent and.
His academic knowledge does nt carry him far  as he approaches an attractive older woman  presenting to her a very logical case as to why he d be a good boyfriend  and assuring her that he d be willing to marry if they were to fall in love.
He is disillusioned to discover only to find a man.
The woman is unhappily married and wants.
Who has some money and a nice car.
That she can have a one-night fling to temporarily escape from her troubles.
Spence s parents berate him for not having stayed in his place.
When dealing.
They have learned to do.
Spence tells them.
Gram comes  chiding the couple for not supporting him in his stance against his teacher s racism.
She notes.
They moved to help instill in Spence a sense of self-respect that he might not have attained if he d grown up in a slum.
They are now angry for displaying that very.
She also criticizes their emphasis.
Evidenced that they are completely unaware of his having recently become something of an outcast among his peers.
Spence turns.
Gram dies.
He confesses.
He proposes.
Since Christine is lonely also -- she is a widow  her only child was stillborn.
She is probably -- they might find some happiness together for a short time.
If their age difference precludes a long-term relationship.
Christine finds.
She is actually considering the idea.
The decision is made.
When she is terminated.
Spence s mother reasons.
A housekeeper is unnecessary.
She is also perceptive enough to be wary.
Frustrated.
She has asked his friends to come over and spend time.
His mother grows just as angry  insisting.
He will learn that having to swallow such humiliations is just part.
Unable to discern any course  Spence ultimately decides simply to persevere and focus upon building a brighter future for himself.
Will alleviate his current unhappiness.
He politely tells his friends.
He wo nt be able to see them anymore  later explaining that he said goodbye to them before they say it to me because he had accepted that they were only his friends up to a point.
His mother still does nt believe  but says.
Was the right course.
The film ends affirming their love for one another.
<EOS>
A young boy called Pip stumbles.
Who threatens him and demands food.
A few years later  Pip finds.
He has a benefactor.
Imagining  Pip believes.
Miss Havisham  a rich lady whose adopted daughter Estella he loves  is the benefactor.
Which he will be married.
However   Pip finds his dreams crumbling.
When the criminal turns up one stormy night and reveals that he  Magwitch  is his benefactor.
Pip gradually becomes loyal and stays with him until his death.
Initially repulsed.
<EOS>
The film is getting married to two women of different attitude.
Sivakumar marries a foreign girl.
Who loves Tamil culture and tradition while Kamal marries a Tamil girl who is attracted.
<EOS>
He is the genius.
She is a Chinese.
She has nothing  she does not even have a name.
They love each other madly.
They belong.
Go away can only be to the madhouse  or to the grave.
<EOS>
Dr Bernhardt tries to become better acquainted nationalities  they all rebuff his overtures.
Who have boarded a train.
He is a German.
He is killed.
When he retires.
They learn.
The others are questioned.
The dead man was actually one.
Bernhardt had been posing.
Lucienne is his secretary.
Bernhardt s enemies are not foiled.
He is kidnapped.
He greets Walther  an old  trusted friend.
The U.
S.
Army quickly institutes a search.
They at first all decline.
When Lucienne begs her fellow travelers to help look.
One  however  they change their minds.
Lucienne suggests they go see Walther  unaware.
He has betrayed Bernhardt for his missing wife s location.
They discover only Walther s body.
When they get there.
He hanged himself.
The kidnappers revealed his wife has been dead all along.
The group then splits up to cover the city.
Lindley notices a woman smoking an unusually long cigarette.
Like the ones Bernhardt likes.
He picks up a discarded butt and shows Lucienne.
It has a B monogram.
Lindley asks her.
When the woman turns out to be an entertainer  pretending to know the answers.
Where Bernhardt is.
Her clown assistant impedes Lindley  allowing her to get away.
He reluctantly agrees to lead them.
When Lindley and Lucienne question Sergeant Barnes  the American soldier who was sitting beforehand.
Where she lives.
It is a trap  however.
Barnes turns out to be working.
When they get.
Now all three are prisoners.
Fortunately  an undercover agent had knocked and taken his place  accompanying the others to the hideout.
He is shot.
When the real clown shows up  but manages to get back and inform the authorities where Bernhardt is being held.
American soldiers break in.
As Bernhardt and Lucienne are about to be shot  and free the three unharmed.
Kessler  the ringleader  is killed.
Who turns out to be Bernhardt s would-be assassin.
The passengers reboard the train.
Perrot suggests.
Each take a turn guarding Bernhardt in his compartment  with him going first.
Afterward  Lindley pieces together various lies and recalls.
Perrot had told.
He knew that the bomb was made.
The others dismiss his suspicions.
Luckily  he sees Perrot strangling Bernhardt and saves the doctor s life.
Perrot is shot dead.
He tries to flee.
<EOS>
During the last months of legal prostitution in Storyville  the red-light district of New Orleans  Louisiana  Hattie is a prostitute working at an elegant brothel run by the elderly  cocaine-sniffing Madame Nell.
Hattie has a 12-year-old daughter  Violet.
Who also lives  and has just given birth to a baby boy.
When photographer Ernest J.
Bellocq comes  Hattie and Violet are the only ones awake.
He asks to be allowed to take photographs.
Madame Nell only agrees.
He offers to pay.
Bellocq becomes a fixture  taking many photographs of the prostitutes  mostly of Hattie.
His activities fascinate Violet.
She believes he is falling with her mother  which makes her jealous.
Violet is also a restless child.
Frustrated must go through to pose and take his pictures.
Nell decides.
Violet is old enough.
Violet is bought by an apparently quiet customer.
This first sexual experience is unpleasant.
Hattie  meanwhile  aspires to escape prostitution.
She marries one and goes to St.
Louis.
Whom her husband believes to be her sister.
Hattie promises to return.
She s settled and broken the news.
Violet runs away after being punished for some hijinks  showing up on Bellocq s doorstep.
The two become lovers.
Violet still needs a great deal and is frustrated by Bellocq s devotion to his work.
The older man is entranced by Violet s beauty  youth  and photogenic face.
Violet eventually returns after quarreling with Bellocq.
Social reform groups are forcing the brothels to close.
Bellocq arrives  ostensibly to protect her from the larger world.
Immediately arrive from St.
Louis.
They claim.
Violet s marriage is illegal to take her back with them.
Violet would like her husband to come.
He lets.
Her go  realizing a more conventional life  and schooling  will benefit her more.
<EOS>
Henry Wilt is a community studies teacher.
Where most seem to be fairly apathetic to learning.
Eva Wilt  his wife  is interested.
Eva s disdain adds to his general frustration at work  including being turned down for a promotion again  and leads him to occasionally fantasize about killing her.
Her friends Sally and Hugh only exacerbate his alienation by talking disparagingly about teaching as a profession and about his car.
He crosses paths by the incompetent Inspector Flint.
He is walking home and speaking out one.
Whose wire has fallen off.
Wilt intervenes and unknowingly helps the drug dealer to get away  thinking.
He is witnessing a mugging.
Soon afterward  a construction worker sees a woman s body in a hole being filled with concrete.
Meanwhile Henry Wilt has had to get a lift.
Apparently he had an accident last night.
Inspector Flint arrives.
They start work out the body.
Some papers are found.
Where the body was seen.
A brief search identifies the writer.
Evidence mounts.
He makes a phone call and pretends the answerphone is his wife while Inspector Flint is present.
Wilt initially claims.
He and his wife had an argument.
She disappeared.
He has no idea.
Where she is.
Inspector Flint superficially accepts this explanation and tells him he can go  only to be confronted by an old woman.
Who claims to have seen him repeatedly stab a woman.
Returning again  Wilt starts to go into more detail about the night of the party.
It is revealed.
Henry and Eva argued as normal  and that Sally is sexually interested in Eva.
Henry managed to knock himself unconscious opening a door.
Arguing. 
Turns out to be a cupboard.
He was naked and tied.
When he woke up.
Eva walked in  and also saw him appearing at a balcony above the disco in front of almost everyone at the party.
Eva refused to return home with Henry.
Wilt found  distracted  he crashed into a telephone box.
The doll had been put.
Losing his temper  he pulled the doll out and tried to burst it by stabbing it repeatedly  but failed.
He was spotted doing this.
Who identifies him later.
Wilt then headed and dumped the doll down the same hole.
Where the corpse was found.
Back  Inspector Flint follows the lead to Sally and Hugh s mansion  to find.
They have also disappeared.
They also find a knotted stocking.
Flint takes Wilt down.
Where they claim to have found Eva s body  although it actually turns out to be another sex doll.
It turns out.
Flint is only because Inspector Farmelow is on holiday  and that it is generally agreed that this is a chance for Flint to gain a promotion.
The next day  they are preparing to bring up the body  much.
This coincides with the visit of a group of Japanese businessmen.
Who are being courted to sponsor the college.
The body  encased  is lifted out but slips free and is dropped onto the bonnet of a police car  freeing the blow-up doll  much to Inspector Flint s chagrin.
Undaunted  Flint determines.
The whole doll incident is just an attempt to cover up the actual murders of Eva  Sally and Hugh.
Wilt changes his story and starts telling Flint of his return to the mansion later the night of the party.
He claims to have attacked the alleged victims  and disposed of the bodies at the meat factory.
Where many work.
Flint launches a search using massive amounts to find the evidence of this  before his superior points out.
Wilt signed his confession Sweeney Todd.
Wilt is released.
His wife and her friends are still missing.
Meanwhile  Eva has been stuck with Sally and Hugh.
Where Hugh finally tells her that Sally arranged the whole farce  intending to get Eva to split from her husband so that she would go on the trip and give Sally the opportunity to pursue her interest in her.
Eva immediately leaves the boat using a small inflatable dinghy  and finds her way.
Where she calls Wilt to get him to pick her up.
She meets the vicar.
Who has apparently only recently moved and happens to have a knotted stocking in his top pocket.
Wilt hitchhikes to find the vicar about to strangle Eva in the cemetery.
Unfortunately   Inspector Flint - - confronts him.
He tries to intervene.
Who has followed him.
Wilt hits him.
He has been given to dig up his wife s body and heads into the church where his wife has fled followed by the vicar.
Eva temporarily fights off the vicar using her martial arts knowledge.
Flint arrives  ignoring the vicar  to arrest Wilt.
Who happen to arrive.
Flint then tries to arrest him.
Who is present as well.
Finally cracking up  he arrests himself  reading himself his rights.
The vicar   is knocked out.
Trying to escape.
The story finishes  Flint has had to leave the force and join a private security firm.
Insists. 
Conversely the Japanese investors are impressed with the way.
Wilt has dealt  and have him promoted.
<EOS>
Our Song follows three high school girls.
The girls  Lanisha  Maria  and Joycelyn are best friends and confidants.
They have different family situations  different romantic interests  different moral codes and their own unique dreams.
They are all dedicated members.
Holds daily rehearsals.
The girls want to master the instruments.
They play in order to impress their conductor.
Joycelyn works.
Both Marie and Lanisha work.
Sometimes they talk.
What they ll do.
Most are about the difficult immediate issues  Their school is not going to reopen in the fall  so they each challenged with finding a new school with a good reputation  enrolling  and planning the daily commute.
Face them daily.
There is asbestos contamination.
Pregnancy and teen motherhood are serious considerations.
Many have babies.
<EOS>
`  things take a turn.
When she returns.
Dada puts.
Her neighbor  Zhao Ye spies through her open window each morning.
She dances and gets ready for the day.
Dada  knowing  teases him mercilessly.
Dada spends much.
An argument occurs.
Her mother s boyfriend falsely claims.
Dada was adopted.
Armed  she drags Zhao Ye and heads south to a small village.
Where she meets a woman who could be her birth mother.
Events that will settle things once and.
<EOS>
News of the Surrender of Japan was received with wide skepticism by most Japanese immigrants in Brazil.
Who assumed it be mere Allied propaganda.
Those accept  patriotic-turned-terrorist organization Shindo Renmei takes the duty of killing said traitors.
Who did.
The truth are seen.
The movie is told.
Who ca nt help but witness her husband lose himself and bloodshed.
<EOS>
The story opens.
Who envisions a brick shaped.
Seeking a way to get organized  he buys a home computer to help him develop his ideas.
He later buys numerous extra gadgets.
He is initially unsure that he will even be able to correctly operate the computer.
Were not necessary.
The computer addresses Miles.
Miles mistyped his name.
The computer begins to overheat.
When Miles attempts to download data.
Miles pours a nearby bottle of champagne over the machine.
Then becomes sentient.
The remainder named Madeline.
Edgar promptly elaborates a parallel variation of the piece  leading to an improvised duet.
Believing  Madeline begins to fall in spite of her ongoing relationship with fellow musician Bill.
It was Miles who had engaged her.
Edgar composes a piece of music for Madeline.
However  Edgar responds  canceling Miles  credit cards and registering him as an armed and dangerous criminal.
When their mutual love becomes evident.
Miles shoves the computer and tries to unplug it  getting an electric shock.
Then the computer retaliates.
Eventually  Edgar accepts Madeline and Miles  love  and appears to commit suicide by sending a large electric current through its acoustic coupler  around the world  and back to itself.
A pop song written by Edgar as a tribute to Miles and Madeline plays on radio stations around the United States.
<EOS>
The leader has discovered.
The old enemy has left crime and lives quietly in Iguazu Falls.
William wants Mc Clain to work.
He develops a plan  to perform the mission of recruiting Mc Clain  by making.
Him believe that Mc Clain is his long lost twin brother.
Extermineitors IV  Como hermanos gemelos FilmAffinity.
Mc Clain become friends and fight together.
<EOS>
A patient is murdered by a syringe through her chest.
This adds stress Gu Zhensheng.
Who had recently lost his wife Xia Xue.
Gu has been suffering from nightmares  and Xia Xue s younger sister  Nurse Xia Xiaoyu also is emotionally disturbed.
Has affected his work.
The Hospital s director Wen Miao is due.
She s the fiancee.
Nurse Wu ca nt forgive Mai and threatens to show his fiancee old photos of them having sex.
One night  Wu is murdered.
Gu tells hospital director Wen.
Mai has been acting strangely lately.
Mai also tells him the same thing.
<EOS>
Dil Ka Rishta is.
He is very wealthy and supports many charities.
One day  he accompanies his friend Anita.
There  he meets Tia  a teacher  and falls with her.
He helps her.
Wherever he can and tries to be.
He believes.
Tia feels something  too.
Tia reveals the existence  and leaves Jai.
When he finally admits his feelings.
She begins to hate Jai.
He tried to win her earlier.
Tia marries Raj.
They have a son named Anshu.
The trio live a poor but happy life together.
Jai is devastated.
Several attempts to win  fail.
One night  being completely drunk  he drives home and causes an accident  Anita   dies immediately and so does Raj.
Who was.
Who happened to be the driver.
Tia.
Herself survives but loses her memory.
The doctors believe.
Tia will not be able to handle the return and advise Tia s mother to move her daughter to a place where nothing reminds her of her past.
Jai wants to look and offers to take Tia and her mother to South Africa.
Where they can live.
Tia s mother accepts.
She loathes Jai.
Tia is told.
Anshu is Jai and Anita s son.
Tia is told.
Anshu loves his aunt very much and that she should look so he wo nt miss his mother too much.
Tia s mother realizes Tia s emerging feelings for Jai and warns him not to do anything inappropriate.
Jai looks.
He keeps his distance.
Whenever she is trying to get close.
Jai refuses her.
As Jai s father tries to set them up.
Though he loves her more than anything else.
Finally Tia s mother accepts the fact and agrees  they can get married.
Her daughter is.
Things get out.
When Tia looks.
Tia flees and Jai follows her  they have a fight.
The truth is revealed  Anshu is Tia s son.
She is a widow.
Jai s father   explains.
Who has finally arrived.
Jai is very much.
He hopes  killing her husband.
She regains her memory and punishes him.
Tia forgives Jai  telling him.
The past is gone.
She can not remember it anyway.
She decides to leave Jai and takes Anshu.
Jai stops her  He wants to be a father  tells her and asks her to marry him.
He loves her.
Tia accepts.
They get their happy ending.
<EOS>
Four American soldiers defend a farmhouse against a German assault.
The area is bombed.
The farmhouse overrun.
The fourth survives but has lost his memory.
The soldier returns to America and visits the families of all four soldiers to see.
He can discover his identity and past.
<EOS>
21-year-old Annie Braddock has just graduated.
Annie has no idea what or.
Who she wants to be.
Annie sees a young boy.
Sitting. 
Annie saves him and then the boy s mother  Mrs Alexandra X.
Mrs X mistakes her words and hires her to look after her young son Grayer.
When she introduces herself.
Annie lies about taking a job at a bank and  in reality  moves.
With the X s to be the nanny she saved.
Life is nt all.
She thought it would be.
Her life is complicated further.
When she falls.
Annie begins to notice.
Not only is Grayer being neglected  but so is Mrs X.
Things turn.
When she gets.
She looks for and finds the ` nanny cam  in the X s house and records her feelings toward the X s.
This is accidentally shown.
They all show sympathy.
They view the confrontation.
A few months later however  Harvard Hottie meets Annie and gives her a letter.
He had received.
She writes  but now spends a lot more time.
She left Mr X and is now living a humble life.
This leads.
Annie walks off.
<EOS>
A businessman fails to catch his train.
It pulls out.
He is beaten by a younger man  Peter Whitman.
Who is carrying heavy luggage.
Peter reunites Francis and Jack on the luxury train called The Darjeeling Limited.
Is traveling.
The brothers have not seen each other.
Francis  the oldest  has planned their journey in advance.
The journey is supposed to culminate.
Francis tells his brothers.
They are making the journey.
His brothers are not convinced  and get annoyed with Francis  controlling behaviour such as choosing from the menu for them.
Turns out to be a trait inherited.
Francis draws up an itinerary for the trip and takes his brothers  passports to prevent them from getting off the train too early.
The youngest Whitman  Jack  has written a short story.
Is similar.
He denies the similarities.
He obsessively listens at every train stop.
Moreover  he has a fling  she offers.
Whom Francis nicknames Sweet Lime.
Peter  the middle brother  justifies his keeping many by claiming.
He was their father s favorite.
His wife  Alice  is expecting a baby.
Peter fears.
Their relationship may end.
Francis has one of his loafers stolen by a shoe-shine boy  Peter buys a cobra.
Later escapes.
This escape results.
Francis and Peter get.
The train s Chief Steward   throws the three off the train with all their luggage.
Whom the three brothers have repeatedly annoyed.
They see three young boys fall into a river while attempting to pull a raft across it.
Jack and Francis rescue two.
Peter fails to save the third.
Affects him deeply.
The three brothers are befriended by the villagers and attend the boy s funeral.
The three brothers and Alice are in a car  going to their father s funeral.
They stop to pick up their father s Porsche.
The car is not ready.
The brothers leave.
Back  the Whitmans get on a bus.
Takes them.
However  they rip up their tickets and decide to go visit their mother.
The reunion is very emotional.
The family is reunited.
The next morning  the three brothers find.
Their mother has again left her family and children.
Back the three brothers run for a train  and jettison all their baggage on the railway line as they.
Some porters run.
Jack reads his new short story  and gives in  accepting.
It is representative.
Francis wants to give the passports back.
The brothers decide.
The passports are safer.
Anderson also wrote and directed the 2007 short film Hotel Chevalier  starring Jason Schwartzman and Natalie Portman.
The 13-minute film acts to The Darjeeling Limited.
Jack s ex-girlfriend turns up unexpectedly at his hotel room in Paris.
They spend the night together.
Originally attached  it was removed during the limited theatrical release and instead made available on Apple Inc.
S iTunes Store.
Hotel Chevalier was removed from iTunes in favor of releasing it in theaters with the wide release of The Darjeeling Limited.
<EOS>
A meteor shower rockets.
Four glowing pods are seen hiding.
Suddenly the meteor shower makes a hard right and heads.
Stuart Pearson and his wife Nina head a family  17-year-old sister Bethany  Ricky Dillman  and 15-year-old techno-geek Tom.
Includes 7-year-old Hannah.
Who s just returned.
Whose high school grades are low.
Deciding  Stuart takes them.
The family needs some good old-fashioned togetherness.
Joining them is Uncle Nate  Nate s 14-year-old son Jake  Nana Rose  and identical 12-year-old twins Art and Lee.
Ricky also arrives unexpectedly and talks his way.
That night dark storm clouds swirl.
Suddenly  the four glowing pods land.
An alien crew emerges  made up Tazer  a muscle-bound dude armed to the teeth  Razor  a lethal female alien soldier  and Sparks  a four-armed techie.
Who is the only non-threatening intruder.
Ricky and Tom are sent to fix it.
The aliens knocked.
Ricky then reveals  his car did nt break down  his parents do nt own a lake house  he s a lot older than.
He lied so far.
Ricky is actually and is five years older than Bethany.
They find.
The satellite is.
Investigating further they discover the aliens.
Skip tries into a false sense of security  but fails.
Ricky is captured and implanted.
The aliens  called Zirkonians   lay claim to the planet Like a puppet/robot  Ricky grabs the boys.
Tom and Jake break free.
It is nt long.
All five kids have seen the aliens.
Tom takes charge.
The kids discover.
The mind control device only works  giving them a fighting chance.
They realize.
The have a responsibility to protect the adults.
Left  the kids create makeshift weapons.
A home made potato spud gun.
They even obtain and learn to use the mind controller.
They soon take control and turn him against the aliens.
The adults remain oblivious and insist.
The youngsters go.
Meanwhile Hannah and gentle tech Sparks become friends.
Sparks hates battle  he just wants to return home to his family.
The kids start to fight back.
Meanwhile  Jake gets captured and is tied up and in the basement.
Nana Rose comes.
Gives her super-human strength and agility.
She comes to their rescue and fights off Ricky.
Who is again.
Nana gives Ricky a huge electric jolt  causing the alien plug to dislodge.
Ricky then and there breaks up.
She talks too much.
The kids finally reveal.
What s going on.
Sparks helps.
He also reveals.
The aliens want a device hidden.
The kids defeat Skip  Tazer and Razor.
Who flee.
Sparks calls.
The rest goes back to normal.
The kids grew closer during their adventure.
Skip appears  bent on revenge against the humans  but meets his demise.
When a crow flies and carries Skip off to its nest to eat him.
Bethany and Tom take revenge on Ricky by making him look like a fool in front of his new girlfriend  using the alien mind control device.
Bethany comments.
I am so keeping this.
<EOS>
Eddie Muntz is a small-time American arms dealer.
Who talks his way.
Muntz arrives to sell weapons to both its leader and the rebels seeking his ouster.
Muntz is caught in a firefight and is shot in the foot.
Hobbling later  Muntz meets Harold DeVoto  a sales rep for the American defense contractor  Luckup.
Muntz peddles small arms  -- the Peacemaker UAV  a military dream.
Whereas Luckup s product is more sophisticated.
Operates. 
But the military junta strings DeVoto along  driving the man to suicide.
Muntz successfully takes and wins a contract worth millions.
He is angrily confronted at gunpoint by Catherine  Harold s widow.
Demanding the contract  Catherine shoots Muntz instead  reopening the wound.
Waking up  Muntz is told by Frank Stryker  a Luckup executive.
San Miguel reneged after a distastrous and highly publicized demonstration of the Peacemaker.
Muntz nevertheless decides to help Luckup re-sign San Miguel.
He is joined.
Muntz s efforts are complicated  by Ray s religious conversion  by The Peacemaker s many technical glitches and his own growing moral reservations.
Muntz is visited by Massagi  an immensely wealthy arms merchant.
Who both encourages him to finalize the San Miguel deal and coaches him.
Massagi reveals.
The global arms industry has a stake like the Peacemaker because they allow for localized and conventional wars that will keep their business viable into the next century.
Massagi also explains.
Recent changes not only legalize bribes to foreign dictators  but make those bribes tax deductible.
These revelations spur Muntz.
Also adding.
Muntz accompanies San Miguel s dictator.
Where billions are displayed and demonstrated.
Muntz disparages any warplanes.
He sees  reminding them.
Ray hijacks one being demonstrated  threatening to attack the expo  also daring them to attack him.
Muntz demonstrates some.
Ray circles overhead.
Representatives bicker among themselves as to whose weapons are good enough to shoot him down.
Stryker takes matters  launching the Peacemaker.
This time  the UAV proves a much more formidable threat  and not even Ray can destroy it.
Misusing all  however  Stryker instead destroys the entire expo.
Muntz uses his cane to shut off the Peacemaker s remote control panel  allowing Ray to destroy it.
He can try again.
We learn.
Ray has left the arms industry to become a missionary.
Muntz is also out  but still a salesman working at his brother s car dealership.
He sells Catherine a car.
It s implied.
They will be doing other deals together.
<EOS>
Social worker Nina Borowski is a bright young woman living.
Nina attends a party.
There Nina meets George Hanson  a young  handsome  and gay first grade teacher.
Nina tells George.
Her stepsister is constantly trying to fix her up  completely ignoring the fact that Nina has a boyfriend  Vince.
Nina offers George a room in her apartment.
She has just heard that George is looking for somewhere to live.
George  not knowing  is taken aback and heartbroken.
The two split up.
George accepts Nina s offer and moves.
The two soon become best friends  they watch films together and go ballroom dancing.
Everything is perfect.
Nina announces that she is pregnant.
Vince wants to marry her.
His constant care drives Nina crazy  she leaves him and asks George to help her bring up her child.
They live together in her apartment in Brooklyn.
Everything is perfect again he had a girlfriend  leading her to believe.
Nina finds that her love is growing every day  especially after he tells her.
He might change his ways.
One afternoon  George and Nina are about to have sex.
When George gets a phone call and invites him away for the weekend.
George is confused but agrees to go.
Nina feels threatened and gets jealous.
George and Robert do not get back together.
George meets Paul James  a young actor  and the two fall and have sex.
Meanwhile  Nina is staying at a vacation mansion and is extremely moody.
She has a horrible time and decides to head back home and asks George.
He would return as well.
She is mugged back through the city  and then gets a ride home from a friendly police officer  Louis.
Nina and George decide to invite Paul and his elderly acting mentor  Rodney  over.
Paul stays the night and has sex  resulting in a fallout between George and Nina.
The following day  they start arguing again.
Nina fully explains her feelings for him.
George   tells her.
Who loves Nina.
He wants to be.
A few hours later  Nina gives birth.
Whom she names Molly.
Vince comes to visit the hospital  ecstatic  but   he leaves to fill out paperwork leaving Nina and George alone with Molly.
Nina asks George.
When he plans to move out.
She asks him to please move out.
She gets home  stating that it would hurt her too much to have him stay any longer knowing that he does nt love her.
The end takes place at George s school eight years later.
Which all go to see Molly in a musical production that George has directed.
Nina is now.
George is now happy.
The film ends.
Young Molly walk together down the sidewalk .
<EOS>
Lisette Linares is a young mother  married to Chino  a bicycle messenger.
Chino is having an affair.
He is always reliable.
One summer evening  a blackout sweeps the neighborhood.
Chino finds himself after being arrested for looting.
Faced now  Lisette  with the encouragement of her transexual sister Alexis  decides to give her dream of becoming a print model a chance.
Lisette lands a job to a major record label producer.
She happens to be.
Who is trying to sign a major Latin music group.
<EOS>
The inhabitants are largely unaffected by wartime rationing  that is.
The supply runs out in.
Then gloom descends.
English Sergeant Odd returns on leave to court Peggy  daughter of storekeeper Joseph Macroon.
Meanwhile  Macroon s other daughter  Catriona  has just got engaged.
His stern  domineering mother refuses to give her approval.
Things take an unexpected turn.
When the freighter S.
S.
Cabinet Minister runs aground late one night and begins to sink.
The Biffer and Sammy MacCodrun row out to investigate and are ecstatic to learn.
The cargo consists.
Captain Paul Waggett  the stuffy English commander Odd to guard the cargo.
Macroon casually remarks.
A man can not marry without hosting a party in which whisky must be served.
Taking the hint  the sergeant allows himself to be overpowered.
The locals manage to offload many cases.
The ship goes down.
MacCodrun persuades Campbell to participate.
He had been sent by his mother for a prior transgression.
This proves fortunate.
Campbell rescues the Biffer when he is trapped.
The whisky also fortifies teetotaller Campbell s courage enough.
He can stand up.
A battle ensues between Waggett.
Who wants to confiscate the salvaged cargo  and the wily islanders.
Waggett brings to search for the whisky.
The forewarned islanders manage to hide the bottles  including ammunition cases.
Waggett ships.
Waggett is recalled to explain himself  leaving the Scots triumphant.
When this is discovered.
<EOS>
Bookie Duke Bradley stops the bank.
Carol Clayton calls.
She is going to marry the wealthy Hartley Madison.
Duke tells her father  Frank Clayton  and Grandpa.
Broke  Frank gives Duke the deed farm to pay his gambling debts.
Duke takes bets and meets Hartley and Carol.
Duke greets Fritzi.
Frank collapses and dies.
Carol asks Duke to sell her the farm.
Duke assures her.
He wo nt foreclose.
They quarrel.
Fritzi tells Duke.
Her husband Jesse Kiffmeyer is allergic.
Duke sees.
When Jesse sneezes.
This is considered a bid.
Jesse ends up buying a horse.
Fritzi wanted.
Grandpa tells Duke  Carol tells Duke.
Carol is selling her horse  Moonray.
She needs money to pay him off.
Duke bids Hartley up but stops.
Carol is going to let him win.
Hartley asks Grandpa to train Moonray.
Carol studies horses and has won money.
Tip OBrien sings The Horse.
Carol is friendly.
He asks her to get Hartley betting.
Duke calls and tells him to help Carol s nerves.
Hartley calls Dr Bierd  and should marry soon or not see Hartley.
Who says Carol is emotional.
Duke gets Hartley to bet and win $ 6000  telling Tip.
It is bait.
Carol tells Hartley not to bet.
Who learns Hartley is leaving.
Carol asks Hartley to stay.
Hartley bets with Duke and loses $.
Duke dines with Fritzi and Jesse.
Who is jealous.
Fritzi knows.
Duke is.
Duke says.
He plans to win money to marry her.
Carol tells Duke.
She loves him and has broken off her engagement.
She gets angry.
When Duke objects to losing Hartley.
Hartley loses.
Hartley hires a new trainer.
Carol gets Jesse s contract.
Duke will lose.
Fritzi tells Jesse.
That if Duke wins  he will marry Carol.
Dixie is riding Moonray.
Grandpa quarrels.
The race is a photo finish.
Moonray loses.
Carol and Duke celebrate.
<EOS>
John Kent  a former star football player  goes to Paris with his friend Huck Haines and the latter s dance band  the Wabash Indianians.
Alexander Voyda has booked the band  but refuses to let them play.
When he finds the musicians are not the Indians he expected  but merely.
John turns.
He knows.
He meets her chief assistant  Stephanie.
There. 
John is quickly smitten.
Meanwhile  Huck unexpectedly stumbles.
He knows very well.
Countess Scharwenka  a temperamental customer  turns out to be his hometown sweetheart Lizzie Gatz.
She gets Huck s band an engagement.
Where she is a featured entertainer.
Two things trouble John.
One is Ladislaw  the handsome Russian doorman/deposed prince.
Who seems too interested.
The other is the memory.
He left behind.
John inherits the shop.
When Aunt Minnie dies unexpectedly.
Knowing nothing.
He persuades Stephanie to remain.
His aunt intended to inherit the business.
Correspondents flock to hear.
What a football player has to say.
Huck gives the answers  making a lot about the innovations.
John is planning to introduce.
Sophie arrives  attracted by John s good fortune.
She enters the shop  looking  but is dissatisfied with everything Stephanie shows her.
Huck persuades her to choose a gown.
John had ordered discarded.
They quarrel.
When John sees her.
John reproaches Stephanie.
Terribly hurt  Stephanie quits the shop.
Huck takes over the design work  with predictably bad results.
She is persuaded to return to save Roberta s reputation.
When Stephanie sees his awful creations.
The show is a triumph  helped.
The closing sensation is a gown modeled.
John overhears and mistakenly assumes.
She and Ladislaw are leaving Paris.
They have married.
Later  he congratulates her.
The lovers are reunited.
When she informs him that Ladislaw is merely her cousin and that the title has been hers.
Huck and Lizzie   do a final tap dance sequel.
Who decide to get married.
<EOS>
Major Robert Parrish is considered by some to be his own worst enemy due to his not being a team player.
Formerly one.
The War he is now a company commander under Colonel  formerly General George Custer.
His fiancee Kathy  the daughter  breaks off their engagement thinking him a loser.
He has not risen.
Parrish gains no friends.
When he chastises them and threatens to break heads when they violate Sioux lands.
Custer and Parrish s exasperated General and once prospective father Parrish and his company to the Bureau of Indian Affairs.
Where once again Parrish s integrity damages his career potential when he is outraged and refuses to carry out the orders of the Indian Agent to shoot his escaping charges.
Parrish is court maritaled and visits his former Commanding General now President.
Grant.
Who demotes him.
Parrish does talk the President.
Back  now Captain Parrish meets Kathy.
Who has announced her engagement.
Using some captured Indians   Parrish meets with Sitting Bull.
Who agrees to meet the President.
Further conflicts leads Custer to lead his Regiment out assigning Parrish to guard supplies.
Eliminates Custer  most  and his romantic rival Wentworth.
He leads the Sioux to safety.
Parrish knows the US Army s plan.
Parrish has really done it this time and is court martialed again  stripped and sentenced to death by firing squad for treason.
<EOS>
Prospector Juan Valdez is murdered in an attempt to discover the location of his gold mine.
Valdez s dog Rinty witnesses the murder and can also lead the gang  making him the villain s target throughout the serial.
Rinty must help Valdez s daughter Dolores legitimately find and claim the mine while being blamed for the wolf attacking local livestock.
The mysterious figure is constantly on hand  overhearing pieces of the villain s conversations.
He appears to be another bandit.
His actions seem to contradict that.
It is revealed.
Ramon is.
<EOS>
Taking place three hundred years prior  the narrator describes.
The government knew what was happening.
A woman is seen driving recklessly.
Arguing over her cell phone.
Police officer Ryan Hadley pulls her over and gives her a warning.
The man calls her back.
She tells him off and throws the phone down  the phone then transmorphs and kills her.
An NSA officer informs her superior about intercepting a signal.
Jo Summers is shocked to read in the newspaper about of the death of the woman from the car.
The police are baffled by the wound.
Killed the driver.
Madison arrives.
Home to discover her television is out.
A repairman is called to fix the television.
It ends up.
His name is Jake.
He is an old friend.
Who has nt seen her.
Jake is shocked.
When the satellite dish transmorphs.
He runs inside to warn Madison.
Back the robot is gone.
When he goes.
Summers arrives to investigate the death.
The NSA show up and asks her to go.
She advises Ryan to find the driver s missing phone.
A man is driving an SUV.
When his GPS gives him a five seconds warning to exit the vehicle.
He is shot.
The body is dumped  the SUV driving off.
Ryan meets and hears her story.
He takes them.
He is called.
A young boy tells Ryan.
The empty car drove away.
Ryan picks up the first driver s cellular phone.
He then intercepts the SUV.
Tries to ram him.
They are jumped.
When Ryan pulls the SUV over.
They drive away  but are chased.
Who also transmorphs.
The machines quickly seize control.
The small group learn.
Aliens are changing the water and the atmosphere to fit their physiology.
They hear.
Who claims that this information came  where they captured and tortured one of the machines.
They manage to salvage explosives and destroy one.
This has a negative effect  though  the release.
To which the machines have adapted  and what is left.
<EOS>
The exiled settler Alexander Ilyin persuades the goldmines owner Trifon Perfilyev to sponsor the expedition dedicated.
Hoping  Perfilyev agrees.
This land could be filled.
Few more daredevils volunteer.
The finally gathered.
Crew consists himself  officer Evgeniy Krestovskiy  Perfilyev s survant Ignatiy  who is given a task of killing every other crew member in case they truly find any gold  and Gubin  a Katorga runaway and a former doctor.
They reach the volcanic land and meet the natives -- a tribe of Onkilon.
However they soon find out.
The volcano is cooling down quickly.
The legendary land is about to start to freeze.
That every living creature would be killed in process.
<EOS>
REC follows a television reporter  angela Vidal  and her cameraman  Pablo.
Who cover the night shift While You re Asleep.
The firehouse receives a call.
Who is trapped.
Angela and Pablo film the police breaking down the door.
When they arrive.
The woman becomes extraordinarily aggressive and bites one.
Meanwhile  the terrified residents gather and look on as the firefighters and military seal off the building.
A firefighter is bitten and plummets.
Who remained.
The camera crew  remaining Firefighter and the second policeman go up again and are attacked.
The officer shoots the old woman.
The camera crew remains trapped.
Continue recording.
Angela interviews a little girl named Jennifer.
Who lives.
Jennifer is ill.
What her mother claims is tonsillitis.
She says.
Her dog  Max  is because he appeared to be sick as well.
A health inspector wearing a hazmat suit arrives and attempts to treat the injured.
Who become suddenly and fiercely violent.
The health inspector explains.
The time frame in which the disease takes effect varies.
The health inspector also reveals  the dog became violent and attacked and killed other pets.
A dog with the illness was taken to the veterinarian.
The dog was euthanized  and was traced back.
Jennifer  the girl  then suddenly vomits blood.
Who owned the dog.
The policeman handcuffs the mother with Manu.
Pablo follows them.
They find Jennifer.
The policeman tries to subdue her  but she bites him.
The inspector gave him.
Manu and Pablo run.
Where they find that the infected are trying through the textile shop.
They are forced to leave the handcuffed woman.
They run upstairs.
Where the inspector tells the distraught residents that this unknown but virulent disease is infecting people  causing them to turn.
More and more people become infected.
Angela and Pablo are forced to fight them off.
Eventually they learn.
There is a key workshop  which leads to an exit via the sewer system.
However  the key is located.
Angela and Pablo appear to be the only human survivors  everyone else being dead or infected.
They are forced upstairs to the penthouse by the remaining infected.
They then search the penthouse and discover.
Its former owner was an agent who was charged with researching and isolating a suspected virus believed to be the biological cause of demonic possession  which was later confirmed to exist in a young girl who was possessed.
The agent kidnapped and brought the girl  during this time the virus managed to mutate and become contagious.
The agent decided to seal her off  presumably to let her die.
A door opens.
Pablo uses his camera to look inside.
A boy jumps and breaks its light.
Pablo turns to see in the dark and discovers.
The sealed door referred on an audio tape.
The agent abandoned his efforts to cure the girl and sealed her in the room before leaving the city.
The girl monster Medeiros  now a ghoulishly emaciated figure  begins searching the kitchen area  unaware and Pablo s presence.
Pablo tries to escape  but trips and is viciously attacked  causing Pablo to drop the camera.
Angela picks it up and runs  only and drop the camera as well.
She searches but is unable to find it.
The camera continues to record.
The screams are heard on the tape recorder.
Finally angela is dragged  screaming.
<EOS>
An artist visits the widow of a deceased friend in the countryside.
The relationship is depicted with reference to their concerns about social disapproval.
<EOS>
Singing star Dixie Boy Johnson and his wife Caroline are jubilant.
Caroline is rushed to the hospital.
Dixie begs to leave the theater and join her  but producer Lew Dunn refuses.
Caroline dies.
Dixie is shattered.
He leaves the baby and drops out of sight.
Presumed dead  Dixie stays and takes an assumed name  as a shipboard entertainer.
Years later  Lew Dunn grooms Dixie s daughter Caroline in a revival of Dixie s Broadway show.
Dixie s former agent sees an opportunity to sue Dunn  and arranges for Dixie to confront his daughter and his old friends.
<EOS>
Two friends.
Who live.
Wind up fighting.
It includes a charge  and a triumphant return to Sydney.
This was arguably the first Australian war film.
<EOS>
This is the life story.
Who fought a 29-year campaign to win the right to end his own life.
The film explores Ramon s relationships  Julia  a lawyer suffering from Cadasil syndrome   and Rosa  a local woman.
Who supports his cause.
Who wants to convince him that life is worth living.
These two women are inspired to accomplish things.
They never previously thought possible.
Ramon taught everyone.
He encountered the meaning  value and preciousness.
He had an uncanny ability to move others.
He could not move himself.
<EOS>
College chemistry professor David Wilson is caught in his lab  kissing another woman.
Ann Wilson immediately wants a divorce.
Dave prevails  to help him out of this jam.
Haney comes up.
Which Wilson lies that he is not actually a professor at all but an undercover agent for the FBI.
Haney s contacts even manage to get Wilson an authentic-looking identification card and fake gun.
Ann falls  but is so impressed with.
What her husband does that she ca nt keep quiet about it.
Michael is so impressed to do more secret missions.
Michael sets up a date with the promise of spending a weekend together with them.
The indiscretions cause a number  including some with the real FBI  the CIA and hostile foreign secret agents.
<EOS>
The story opens.
Deepa  a medical college student  sings a song.
She is being surrounded.
The college  or even the stage  is nowhere in sight.
The next scene shifts  ogling at Deepa.
She is.
But  the robbers snatch her chain and escape.
Wheeling her punctured scooter.
Comes hero David.
Who does a chase.
He returns empty-handed and recognizes Deepa earlier.
He praises her amazing vocal skills and gives his gold crucifix chain.
Deepa refuses.
David then gives a sermon.
Yet  she still does not accept it.
David also gives his ` stepnee  tyre.
This incident is one.
The next day  David goes.
He overhears Deepa singing a devotional song and stands mesmerized.
He asks Deepa to return his tyre.
Deepa informs him.
Her scooter has been sent.
David also impresses her mother.
The scene then shifts with the robbers.
Who also happen to be the accomplices.
David starts a sermon and gives it to the robbers for cleansing their sins.
The robbers have a dramatic change and praise David as their savior.
They also give back the chain.
They stole during the beginning of the film.
Deepa learns and visits his workshop  and sees high-end models specifically designed.
David is an automobile engineer.
David then returns Deepa s chain.
He had got.
He also presents the crucifix along.
David and Deepa then fall.
Deepa s mother is concerned.
Her daughter might be tricked by David.
Deepa consoles her and praises David s manners.
Meanwhile  the robbers turn over a new leaf and begin to work.
The mechanics then prod David to tell them.
David blushes.
Deepa accuses David.
He used her just.
David then explains.
He never used her but always thought as his stepping stone to success.
Deepa refuses to be consoled and gives back the gold crucifix chain.
She then leaves the place.
Manju gets angry again.
She asks David to give the chain to whomever.
He likes.
David then puts the chain.
Manju takes it  and says.
She is now all his.
David and Manju circle the car.
Which they came  three times.
This scene symbolically indicates.
The marriage has been made in heaven  marked by the circling of the holy fire thrice in actual marriages.
The next scene shows a cargo airplane taking off  presumably inside it  for Canada.
<EOS>
Duane Balfour was born  in the prairie town of Ridgeburg.
He decides to run for mayor against Chad s grandmother -- Ridgeburg s Mayor Milton.
Who has been the incumbent.
Duane and a homeless man are the only two competing.
Duane has a long-standing resentment.
She approved his father s shooting.
His father had become violent while trying   to warn Milton and the townsfolk.
The town s namesake ridge would soon collapse due.
Maurie Duane tries  and fails  to win the election.
He and his uncle drive back to Duane s house from Ridgeburg s ridge.
The camera pans down underground  showing an insect removing a rock.
This triggers a landslide  leading.
Duane and his uncle see.
The next morning  prior  it is revealed.
Mayor Milton has had a heart attack  presumably since she realized that Duane s father was right all along.
Later it is announced  Milton s votes being deemed invalid and Duane having dropped out of the election.
The homeless man has become mayor.
<EOS>
Lonnie Earl Dodd is a Little Rock car dealer.
Who stars.
He and his wife Darlene are best friends.
Who are trying to start a family.
Lonnie Earl pulls a new SUV.
When the two couples decide to drive cross-country to see a monster truck rally.
En route  they stop.
Where Lonnie Earl is determined to win a free dinner.
Darlene longs to see the Grand Canyon.
Lonnie Earl insists.
They stick and refuses to fulfill her dream.
It becomes increasingly clear.
Darlene is living timidly  kowtowing to his demands and accepting his verbal and emotional abuse without complaint.
A fortune teller tells Candy.
She is expecting a baby.
She buys several home pregnancy tests to see.
She is right.
She s overjoyed.
When all the results are positive.
Complications arise.
When Roy calls Doc Tuley he took before leaving home.
Roy is sterile  and therefore.
Darlene notices an uneasy glance and Candy and realizes.
The two have been having an affair.
Devastated  she treats herself and goes to see Tony Orlando perform  determined not to let her insensitive husband rob her of this dream as well.
Meanwhile  Roy is.
Who unbeknownst is a high-class hooker.
Eventually the two couples return.
Where they engage.
Minute -LSB- 149 -RSB- So say we sacrifice a new car.
What do you.
We learn Roy and Candy are the parents.
Lonnie Earl and a confident Darlene are equal partners.
She has become the star.
He continues to make.
<EOS>
Wayne Hayes  and his wife Eileen are living the American dream  having raised two children and built up a successful business from scratch.
He is looking forward.
However  everything changes.
When Wayne is kidnapped by a former employee  Arnold Mack.
Eileen works to try to secure her husband s release.
Wayne tries negotiating.
Eileen learns.
Wayne has continued an extramarital affair that he promised to end months previously.
Eileen is eventually instructed to deliver the ransom.
Arnold takes the money.
Wayne had been murdered.
It turns out.
The film is edited to show Wayne s kidnapping.
Eileen s ordeal takes place.
If it was happening.
Arnold is eventually caught.
When he begins to spend the ransom money where he lives.
He uses a $ 100 bill to make a purchase.
The store manager calls authorities and verifies.
The serial number is on a watch list the FBI distributed to local businesses.
Eileen receives a loving note written by Wayne before his death.
<EOS>
Haridas Choudhry lives a wealthy lifestyle along with his wife  Sonu  son  Guddu  and sister  Geeta.
He had started his career  but is now the owner of a shoe company.
His associates want him to make shoes.
Wear out soon.
He refuses to do so  and would like to buy out National Shoes.
He withdraws the money  but  Guddu gets kidnapped.
He could undertake the transaction.
The demand is for 20 Lakhs.
Much he finds out.
His servant s son  Bansi  has been mistakenly abducted.
Nevertheless he decides to pay the ransom  this time.
Who he had turned down as he was not wealthy enough.
The money is turned over  two associates  Manmohan and Preeti  are arrested  Bansi is found and returned to his dad.
But Inspector catches the thief and returns the money.
Amazing performances.
Music adds flavour.
<EOS>
Hoping to pay back some.
He owes.
It s actually a front.
Jimbo is cornered in Maguire s the local antique shop.
Where he takes hostage a collection  including Joe Maguire the owner who may be his illegitimate father and his girlfriend Sophie.
Caught must find a way out of this tricky situation with help from his hostages.
<EOS>
Troy Gable defies his father and leaves law school to pursue his dream.
To support himself  he takes a job.
Troy comes to enjoy traveling to performances in smaller venues such as Bakersfield and Akron.
Troy sincerely admires Buck s signature trick  having someone in the audience hide his fee for that night s performance.
He then unfailingly discovers.
United Airlines in-flight entertainment guide  August.
A reluctant publicist  Valerie Brennan  is sent to join them as a replacement for a more senior colleague to promote Buck s still secret attempt to resurrect his career.
Valerie is disgusted.
Whom she becomes romantically involved.
Buck reveals.
Then awakening them as if.
The trick works.
No one is there to record the act.
The news media is called away to cover a car accident involving Jerry Springer.
Furious  Buck unfairly blames the mishap  and then faints from exhaustion.
Buck and Troy discover  as a result  Buck returns to the limelight as a retro-hip phenomenon.
The media absence actually worked  as rumors reported by the news media exaggerate the scope of Buck s act.
He appears.
Buck is reunited.
Who sings What the World Needs Now.
Buck finally gets the call he has been waiting  To perform once again on The Tonight Show.
He previously had performed 61 times during the height of his career  but never.
The show has been hosted.
Buck is bumped.
Who has too much material and uses.
Buck refuses an immediate offer to come back and appear the following week  but agrees to receive an offer to headline a date in Las Vegas.
Troy leaves him and  lands him a job with a celebrated TV writer.
When the limelight dims once more after he fails to find his money for the first time ever during his Las Vegas premiere.
Troy sees from an ad in the paper.
Buck is doing his show again.
Buck is clearly back.
Where he feels most comfortable  and once again successfully performs his signature trick  leaving Troy to wonder whether Buck does nt have some mysterious talent.
<EOS>
The film opens.
Who has recorded a video diary in which she makes a shocking confession.
Purporting to be a true story  the bulk is presented as a reconstruction of actual events.
Hyun-yoo announces.
She has an important confession to make  and asks them to record it.
She reveals  she is in fact a vampire.
She has been hiding a painful secret and is not.
Jae-min and Ji-eun initially think.
She is playing a prank.
To prove her sincerity Hyun-joo bites and starts to suck her own blood.
She goes on to disclose further details as a vampire  and dispels many of the common myths associated with the legend.
Having heard  she has decided to join a community of vampires living in England.
Going out  Jae-min films his sister.
She feeds.
He and Ji-eun later talk.
Who remains unharmed.
She tells them.
The experience was not painful  likening the sensation.
The events prove.
Hyun-joo is telling the truth.
Some time later  Ji-eun visits.
Who is now living.
Curious to know  she asks Hyun-joo to suck her blood.
It feels being bitten.
Choosing the inside  Hyun-joo begins to feed on her friend.
<EOS>
He discovers.
Down and out Las Vegas cab driver Jerry Logan picks up a fare who is then murdered.
A million dollars left behind  and decides to run with it.
Soon  the mob s most relentless hired gun  David Eckhart is enlisted to retrieve the money and terminate Jerry.
Is a deadly game.
What follows.
Can only end.
<EOS>
Kafka au Congo is a tragicomic journey.
Gorette s lands have been unfairly expropriated.
She has spent the last 15 years going to another trying to have her case heard.
But  something gets  she has to grease another bureaucrat.
Whenever she is given an appointment.
She loses confidence.
System is the parliamentary administrator  Bahati  in charge of Congo s national parliament s finances  happily making a packet working the corrupt system.
<EOS>
Chief of police Jesse Stone is on the phone with his ex-wife in Los Angeles.
Who tells him not to call her that night.
She s started seeing someone.
Who finds it strange that the two still talk every evening.
Jesse is dealing.
His deputy  his other deputy  Molly Crane  resigned to have children.
Luther Suitcase Simpson is still he received in a supermarket robbery.
Her replacement  Rose Gammon  finds Jesse s behavior a little strange.
Rose once worked.
Jesse is still struggling to control his drinking.
He receives advice.
Who recommends the music to comfort him when he s feeling troubled.
Jesse returns home alone and plays a record album.
He purchased.
The music is  Op.
118 No.
.
Completed and dedicated to Clara Schumann  the collection was the second to last composition to be published during Brahms  lifetime  and his second to last work composed for solo piano.
Jesse drives to the home of Rebecca s sister  Leeann.
Who moved back following the discovery of Rebecca s body to care for her ailing mother.
Jesse asks.
She could afford the expensive hospice care.
Leeann tells him she made a lot while living in Beverly Hills.
Jesse and Leeann talk on the phone and are clearly attracted to each other.
Later  Jesse drives back.
They have dinner together  kissing each other goodnight.
Meanwhile  Luther s coply intuition leads him to request a background check.
Reveals that she was reported missing the day of the robbery.
The report also indicates.
Leeann worked  not in real estate.
Jesse deduces.
The woman claiming to be Leeann is actually Rebecca.
Jesse drives back and reveals.
He knows her true identity.
Rebecca admits.
When she had discovered the money laundering operation  she convinced Leeann to pose as a male bank robber and take her hostage.
Her plans went wrong.
When the guard shot Leeann.
Leeann died.
When the sisters reached the spot where they had planned to change clothes.
Rebecca stripped Leeann  buried them  put her clothes on Leeann and buried her too.
She took the money and returned  assuming her sister s identity.
Two years later  her mother suffered a stroke the day.
The body was discovered and misidentified as Rebecca.
She moved back to care for her  still posing as Leeann.
Knowing  her mother will have no one.
If he arrests Rebecca.
Jesse says  You wo nt be hearing again.
He leaves.
Back  Jesse tells Gino.
The woman who stole his money used most of it taking care of her sick mother.
Jesse is being facetious.
Jesse does not know where the money is and agrees to call off Terrance.
Returning home that night  Jesse calls Rebecca but is unable to speak.
Terrance steps at him.
He straightens his framed picture.
Seeing Terrance  Jesse avoids the shot  dives for his gun on the coffee table  and takes cover behind the kitchen counter and kills Terrance Genest.
Where he returns fire.
Afterwards  Jesse walks out  sits down with a drink  and with Reggie at his side  looks out in loneliness at the evening sky.
<EOS>
Set  the film details the day-to-day life of a poor but honest Armenian fisherman Pepo.
Who opposes a cunning trader Arutin Kirakozovich Zimzimov  who has robbed the former.
The story comes.
When Pepo falls.
<EOS>
Pellaindi Kani portrays.
What happens to the head of the main protagonist Attchi Babu.
At the age of 10  he loses his mental balance.
Twelve years later he regains his sanity.
Attchi Babu is the son and is heir to a vast property.
His mother loves him dearly.
He would become normal.
Gayathri operated.
Bhanupriya knows.
No sensible girl would ever wish to marry an abnormal person.
Yet she arranges for the marriage.
Kamalinee Mukherjee agrees.
She also hopes.
Someday Allari Naresh would become normal.
But Bhanupriya s brothers are working overtime to finish off both the mother and son to acquire their vast property.
Will they succeed.
Pellaindi Kani is a forgettable project.
The man hits neither makes a comedy nor a tragedy.
Has given so many comedy.
There is a severe draught.
The movie does nt appeal even.
Allari Naresh acts vaguely.
Sunil is cast.
He is the friend and caretaker.
His capabilities are not exploited.
Krishna Bhagwan s comic capabilities also lie unutilized.
Kamalinee Mukherjee and Bhanupriya get some good scenes.
Harish kumar gets better scope to emote than Allari Naresh.
And he acts consummately  other.
That there is not much.
The movie opened.
The theatres will only get emptier.
Wherever this movie is running.
Hope EVV works hard to improve his acting skills.
<EOS>
The film begins.
Who has returned to his hometown in Victoria.
He has an obvious affection.
Who has a disability affecting her legs which requires a brace and prevents her.
However  this does not stop the two friends.
They are virtually inseparable.
Sam s mother has died.
His stern father provides the young boy  so his relationship with Silvy is all that matters to him.
She reads regularly out of her beloved poetry book  showing him a world of beauty and harmony within words.
He comes to enjoy.
One night  the two decide to go  and end up at the popular lake.
Sam jumps and removes Silvy s leg braces  and together they dance in the water.
They share a kiss and stare -- everything seems perfect for the two.
Suddenly Sam lets go.
He looks around to find Silvy no longer with him.
Frantically searching  Sam returns to Silvy s home to tell of the terrible happening.
Her body is not found.
It s discovered beneath the water.
When it is.
Twenty years later  35-year-old Sam is teaching psychology.
When he must return.
Sam briefly meets a pleasant woman.
Who introduces herself.
Sam leaves to talk.
The woman is nowhere to be seen.
When he returns.
That night   Sam sees a woman fall from the bridge into the lake below.
He recognizes her as the lady  Ruby  from the train.
She  however  has lost her memory and ca nt even remember her own name.
However  the woman s behavior and speech lead Sam to believe.
This is his childhood friend  Silvy.
Sam hypnotizes Silvy.
The woman speaks of feelings of being pulled down  lower and lower beneath cold and feeling panic  then warm and comfortable.
It appears  then.
Silvy has come back in the form of this woman.
The next day  she asks to be taken.
Sam carries her   he senses.
Her legs are failing her once more.
She will not be much longer.
Safe and warm  Sam reads her the last few lines from her favorite poem  Till human voices wake us.
We drown.
She finally passes.
Sam places her and releases it into the lake.
He swims.
All that remains is his coat.
When he looks.
She was wearing.
He climbs.
It drifts away.
The film ends.
<EOS>
Julian gets a call.
Who explains that he had earlier that day received a call that his fiancee  June  has cancelled her flight.
Terry had followed her and discovered.
She had checked out a room.
She is cheating.
Terry explains to Julian.
Finding him not home  broke in and stole Julian s gun  and.
He is now about to fuck up.
Worried  Julian tries to reason on the phone not to do anything  but.
Terry is about to kill someone.
Having no success  he tells Terry to stay where he is and wait until he meets him.
It is revealed.
June had canceled her flight and that they were cheating behind Terry s back.
Terry finds this out.
When he kills June and tries to call Julian  whose cell phone was still.
June and Julian cheated in.
Terry tricks Julian  framing him for killing her.
The police storm the hotel.
<EOS>
The story is.
Who discontinues his education further after his marriage.
The Babri Masjid demolition occurs.
He turns a fundamentalist.
His wife an educated Muslim girl tries to alter and change the ideals.
But to reform himself he rather chooses the way and starts afresh.
The thread is the aftermath of the Babri Masjid demolition and the Gujarat riots.
Anwar encounters a group in a train  all of them headed towards the demolition of Babri Masjid.
The encounter greatly disturbs.
Him and he is no longer the same loving and romantic husband as well as the engrossed PG student.
He writes a letter.
Anwar goes a bomb in a hotel at the Ramzan time.
This hurts his grandfather a lot.
Who is always.
Anwar is unstoppable and believes.
The deaths are a part of the Jehad.
Sahib tells his grandson to stop all his activities and warns him about the ugly consequences  the community has to face  because of his deeds  but to no avail.
Meanwhile  Anwar lands up.
Samira only has one wish  her husband should come back.
He should become her old Anwar  romantic and soft person.
Prithviraj has again shown.
He is the phenomenon waiting to happen.
Bhavana too proves.
She is no less.
Liberty Mammootty comes up.
The music  editing and camera work  all deserves worthy mention.
The film overall is a guaranteed money back with no hidden intentions or caste feelings.
The director deserves kudos.
<EOS>
Vinny Minieri and his two men are beating a man.
It finishes.
Two brothers  Angelo Argono and Paulie Argono are leading poor and boring life.
Brooklyn is owned.
Brothers are working.
They must work there.
They ca nt stand their boss.
All changes.
When Angelo decides to quit his job.
He  Paulie  Pete and Dom borrow cash.
Their Uncle Tommy does nt like the idea.
Business goes well.
More and more money goes  from losing customers.
Soon they were able to sit and drink expensive drinks.
Problem appears.
When Angelo fights Minieri s men.
They are soon thrown out.
The crew then starts collecting more and more money  and hotheaded.
Angelo comes.
They set protection racket.
They are confronted.
When they come to collect the cash.
Who takes him.
Santo tells Angelo to give him one good reason not to tell his bodyguard Eddie to take him out and beat him.
Angelo explains.
They re just trying to earn money.
It would be good.
They work.
Santo takes the offer.
Angelo is now right-hand-man of crime boss.
Vinny does nt like this and prepares to kill Angelo s gang and his father to be the neighborhood boss.
Santo soon has a heart attack and dies.
Vinny understands.
That is a perfect chance to kill wannabes and become the crime boss.
He ambushes Angelo  Pete and Dom and kills them in a drive-by shooting.
He sees  while crying.
When Paulie returns.
What happened and has a flashback.
Suddenly he stops crying and goes.
There he finally kills Vinny and his two bodyguards  saying And you re the fucking wannabes.
Film here ends.
<EOS>
Anders is dreaming about becoming a writer.
His friend Sixten is dreaming.
He can go and meet prostitutes in fur.
Anders  ambitions are supported.
His mother supports the family.
His father is unemployed and has a problem.
Anders sends a script.
He has written.
He is asked to come and discuss the book.
Makes his father excited.
But the publisher does nt want.
To publish the book  and when Anders returns they all become very disappointed.
Elsie becomes pregnant.
Anders seeks advice  but the father is drunk.
They end up fighting.
The father blames his wife.
They are suffering  meaning it s all because he was humiliated by affair she once had.
The mother blames the father  meaning.
It was his violent behaviour that caused her infidelity.
Anders decides to leave his family  his pregnant girlfriend and all misery behind.
He joins Sixten and they both travel.
<EOS>
14 years ago  a girl fell from the ferris wheel in an amusement park and the park s owner hanged himself from the wheel.
The park was closed down since then.
Alan  a newspaper reporter  travels and disappears after being pulled underground by an unseen force.
Alan s sister  Yen decides to enter the deserted park.
Yen s mother  a ghostbuster  tells her.
Who captures spirits.
She knows Alan is dead and asks Yen not to find him.
However  Yen insists.
Alan is still alive.
She goes  bringing six friends along with her.
They meet the park s caretaker  a weird-looking old man.
Who shouts to leave  warning them that the park is haunted.
They do not believe him and return again at night  thinking.
The old man is asleep.
Ka-ho tells them.
Waiting. 
He heard that the park used to be a cemetery before it was built.
Strange things start to happen.
When they split up to find Alan.
Ka-ho sees something and follows it into the Haunted House.
One hour later   they see.
When everyone comes back.
Ka-ho is missing too.
They split up to find him.
Ken and Pinky take a ride.
It starts spinning.
Ken runs away and almost dies from being drowned by a ghost.
His crucifix saves him  but that does not prevent him.
Pinky is possessed and dies.
Shan is apparently killed.
His lucky charm saves him.
Yen  YY and Dan enter.
The Haunted House and the wax figures inside come and attack them.
YY is killed.
Dan dies.
Only Yen is left alive.
She weeps.
The possessed caretaker approaches her.
Yen s mother arrives and starts to fight the evils.
He can kill her.
She is possessed and asks Yen to capture the demon with her magic camera.
Yen does reluctantly.
Yen s mother dies.
She asks Yen to snap pictures of her deceased friends and other victims  and burn the photos to put them to rest later.
Shan appears and reveals.
He had been saved by the charm.
Yen is seen taking over her late mother s duties as a ghostbuster.
Shan continues to work.
Shan does not answer.
When Yen calls Shan.
He is killed mysteriously.
The demon had survived in their group photo.
It returns to haunt Yen.
The film ends.
<EOS>
Lucky is a con man  hoping to retire after one last job.
Things do not go as planned.
He becomes involved.
Lucky steals.
5 million.
But Lara steals it instead.
He  then  comes to know.
His friends have been murdered.
Billa tracks Lucky down.
But Lucky is able to strike a deal.
He is to go to Goa and meet Jacko and sell him a bag.
He then meets Jacko and sets a rendezvous.
He comes across a Police inspector.
Who seems to have become suspicious.
He sights a dancer.
He follows her and gets an opportunity to meet her.
When her car breaks down.
He offers her a lift home.
She introduces herself.
They retrieve her car  and go home.
When her husband  Lukka shows up.
That night Lucky arrives.
Here he again comes.
Lucky prepares to leave the next morning.
Sam arrives.
But their meeting is cut short.
When Lucky notices the same inspector.
He tells Sam to hide and hides the bag in the vehicle of an unsuspecting motorist.
Inspector leaves.
Meanwhile  Billa tracks down Lara  gets the money back and kills her.
Lucky conceals.
Billa conceals the fact that he has his money back.
He has lost the money.
He again comes.
It turns out.
He wants Lucky to kill Sam and in return Lucky would get 25 Lacs.
Ironically  Sam meets Lucky and sets up a deal.
If Lucky would kill Lukka she will pay him 25 Lacs.
Both want the work done that night.
Lukka attempts accidentally shoots him dead.
Lucky  however  gets.
The money and both try to get out.
But the inspector is following them.
Sam identifies the inspector.
The 25 lacs actually belong.
Lucky somehow shakes Tiger off his pursuit  and hides the money.
The next morning she is nowhere to be found.
Lucky desperately searches her.
He realizes.
When he finally finds her.
He has fallen with her.
Suddenly they are attacked.
Lucky is running out.
When Billa arrives and shoots down all the police officers.
Tiger  however  manages to escape.
Lucky agrees to take Billa to the place.
Where the money is hidden.
Lucky finds.
When they reach the platform.
Tiger has discovered the money.
A fist-to-fist duel ensues intervenes and strikes a final deal.
Both Lucky and Tiger have to walk blindfolded.
The person  he gets.
Whom the train comes.
Lucky survives then he will get the girl while Billa will take the money  but if Tiger is saved.
The money and Billa will take the girl.
The train however changes tracks and heads towards Lucky.
Sam screams and pleads Billa to let her go.
Tiger comes to know.
Lucky is doomed.
He takes off his blindfold and waves.
But he is promptly shot dead.
He then allows Sam to run and try to save him.
She does pull him.
The train could reach him.
Billa smiles and rides away.
He stops and drops the bag to ground in a brief act of generosity and then goes away.
<EOS>
Half of Eurasia is occupied by the Golden Horde.
Europe waits  anticipating the death of the Christian civilization.
The Great Khan is killed.
Their mother Taidula should now pass judgment  to persecute the conspirator or to bless him.
The film tells the story.
Saint Alexius  the Metropolitan of All Russia  healed Taidula from blindness  in.
<EOS>
Sakthivel is an implicitly obedient son.
Sakthi and his dad share the same dream  That.
The entire family comprising two other daughters  the mom and a wastrel are cuddly and.
Rajarajan is.
Honesty is his watchword.
This lands him in trouble often.
Divya  a college girl  is a charming full-of-beans girl.
She has some comical run-ins  and eventually falls in love with him.
Elsewhere  Rajarajan   is hauled up and sent on a ` punishment transfer  to a place.
Who books an MLA s son.
Is run by a local dada  Varadarajan.
One thing leads.
Sakthi is unwittingly sucked.
Destiny decrees otherwise  His life is not going to be the same again.
As he is about to join the police force.
A dad s dream lies shattered.
A son   has to fight an honest war beyond the matrix of a law.
It is a situation.
Is actually an emotional cauldron.
Is the story.
The dad and son reconcile.
<EOS>
The film is.
It is not easy to fight back the march.
Progress brings change  often painful  and destroys tradition  history  power and passion of communities.
Breaks continuity.
Have lived and grown together.
Anjan Dutt s film captures the real-life story and tries to impose that change on them and their lives.
<EOS>
White Folks and Blue Howard are two con men.
White Folks is the son.
Whose complexion is light enough for him to pass.
Blue is an older black hustler.
Who raised White Folks and taught him the con.
The pair pulls off the biggest score.
A previous con is complicating things.
They can collect the money.
Unbeknownst their previous victim had mob ties.
Now they have run afoul.
They must decide.
Whether to leave town or risk their lives to collect the $.
<EOS>
Stitch is still not fitting in.
Lilo tries to encourage him.
He is.
Naturally  that just makes.
Him feel worse.
One night  a crash is heard.
Running downstairs  the pair encounters Gantu  breaking.
Gantu finds and takes a blue ball with the number 625 on it before abducting Jumba for interrogation.
Lilo and Stitch manage to take Jumba s ship to chase Gantu and engage him in battle  before being defeated and falling back towards Earth.
Back  Lilo  Stitch and Pleakley find.
The container Jumba was hiding.
Pleakley thinks.
These are the other experiments.
He warns them not to tell anyone or put the experiments.
Deliberately disobeying Pleakley  Stitch and Lilo retrieve the container and hydrate Experiment.
Who promptly escapes.
Meanwhile  Jumba is being held captive.
Who is surprisingly a small gerbil/poodle/rabbit-like alien.
Unable to intimidate Jumba  Hamsterviel activates Experiment 625 to attack him.
Fortunately   he is incredibly lazy  a terrible coward  and prioritizes sandwiches above all else.
625 has all.
Meanwhile  Pleakley is able to come with Hamsterviel s ship via telephone.
Hamsterviel tells Pleakley.
He wants a ransom in return for Jumba.
Nani proceeds to call Cobra Bubbles.
When Pleakley informs the other family members what the ransom is.
Lilo and Stitch go out to find.
He seems to already know.
When Cobra arrives the next morning.
What happened.
Meanwhile  Lilo and Stitch finally catch a troublesome Experiment.
The rendezvous time arrives.
Pleakley and Cobra show up  not knowing.
It contains only 623 experiments.
Pleakley hands the container.
Who is shocked to find that one is missing.
Lilo then shows up.
Announcing  she says.
She has named it Sparky.
Sparky is part  and thus her  ohana.
Hamsterviel tells her to give him Sparky or Jumba.
Will be shot dead.
Lilo and Stitch set Sparky free and break Jumba from his bonds.
The Grand Councilwoman s ship rises out of the nearby ocean and aims several guns at Hamsterviel.
Lilo protests  saying.
Hamsterviel has the other experiments and Sparky overhears.
Sparky proceeds to use his electrical abilities to blow the power.
Hamsterviel and Gantu climb back.
Lilo and Stitch stow away on it  with Sparky following.
It leaves.
Lilo and Stitch manage to swipe the container.
The struggle results in releasing the dehydrated pods to rain down and scatter throughout Hawaii.
Having captured the heroes  Hamsterviel tells his plans to clone Stitch a thousand times over and orders Gantu.
To do what he wants.
Stitch is strapped.
Gantu puts Lilo to send to an intergalactic zoo.
He can lift.
Watching  Sparky shows.
Stitch tries to avoid being vivisected.
He has reformed.
He then breaks Stitch free.
The two strap Hamsterviel before rescuing Lilo.
Having locked Hamsterviel  Lilo  Stitch  and Sparky short-circuit Gantu s ship causing it to crash near a waterfall on Kauai.
Landing Hamsterviel s ship back  they give Sparky a new home powering the Klauea Lighthouse.
Has not been running because powering it was very expensive.
They then persuade the Grand Councilwoman to let them rehabilitate the other.
The Councilwoman places Hamsterviel.
<EOS>
An epic film.
He is an international star giving performances all and goes on a concert tour to St.
Petersburg  Russia.
Liszt s brilliant piano playing impressed the Russian royalty and aristocracy.
Even the Russian Tsar stops talking.
When Liszt plays his piano.
Liszt becomes a friend.
Liszt s beautiful music touches everyone s heart.
Women are pursuing him.
His lengthy affair is in trouble.
Liszt meets the beautiful Princess Carolyne  they fall in love.
She soon leaves her husband.
She becomes a muse and inspiration.
His last and strongest love.
Inspired  Liszt creates the most beautiful romantic piano composition  Liebestraum dedicated to her.
The piece becomes a classic hit.
But the church does not allow Liszt to marry Carolyne.
She could not terminate her first marriage.
The unmarried couple moves.
Where Liszt becomes the music director.
This becomes the most productive and happy period.
The brilliant pianist and composer Franz Liszt becomes a superstar.
He tours many countries and makes people happy.
His love life is.
Carolyne can not terminate her marriage.
Her husband is alive.
Her relatives are.
She and Liszt remain unmarried.
Liszt suffers until the end of his life.
Being loved  Liszt is never really happy in his personal life.
He expresses himself making beautiful music.
<EOS>
Body parts of men are showing up in the Hudson River.
The police suspect it to be the work.
Who is picking up homosexual men like the Eagle s Nest  the Ramrod  and the Cock Pit.
Officer Steve Burns   is sent deep undercover in the Meatpacking District in order to track down the killer.
Who resembles the victims.
He rents an apartment and befriends a neighbor  Ted Bailey a struggling young gay playwright.
Burns s undercover work takes a toll.
Who himself is having relationship issues and overbearing dancer boyfriend.
Burns mistakenly compels the police to interrogate a waiter  Skip Lee.
Who is intimidated and beaten to coerce a confession before police discover Skip s fingerprints do nt match the killer s.
Burns is disturbed  and comes to believe.
The police are motivated.
Outraged  and exhausted  he almost quits his job.
However  Burns is convinced.
Burns investigates Columbia University students.
Who studied.
Burns thinks.
He has found the serial killer  a gay music student who attacks him.
Burns brings the man.
Shortly afterward Ted s mutilated body is found.
The police dismiss the murder.
A lover s quarrel turned violent and put out an arrest warrant.
Whom Ted had earlier described as controlling and possessive.
The murders have been solved.
Burns begins shaving his beard in the bathroom  a leather peaked cap  aviator frames  and a leather jacket.
Nancy secretly inspects clothes that he left.
All look very similar.
Burns  meanwhile  wipes off his shaving cream and looks directly.
<EOS>
The film opens at Palampur  India.
An architect arrives.
The manager discusses.
The owner wishes to have it torn down and have a hotel constructed in its place.
Later that night  the architect hears strange sounds.
He is killed.
When he goes out to investigate.
It turns out the architect.
Who was engaged before him was killed.
The film introduces another architect  Arjun Singh.
Arjun is religious and devoted.
He is also.
This meets strong disapproval.
Lisa is.
Arjun decides to marry Lisa anyway.
His father and his brothers intercept his car  beat him up and try to burn Lisa alive.
He travels.
Arjun fights back and decides to disavow his faith.
He ultimately becomes an atheist.
The haveli project is handed.
Arjun and Lisa arrive soon after.
Strange things happen.
Arjun is unaware.
Lisa soon senses a malevolent alien presence.
Lisa questions Balwant.
He feigns ignorance.
He discusses the matter privately  and earnestly pleads with MK to relieve Arjun and Lisa of the project.
It will claim their lives just as it killed the others who came.
The haveli does not wish to be destroyed.
Says Balwant  and that is why it reacts  including MK.
MK is aware.
He silences Balwant.
Arjun leaves on a business trip.
Lisa experiences stronger events  and confides.
The priest arrives at the haveli  and immediately senses a strong evil presence in the main hall of the haveli.
Later that evening   he experiences an evil force  and wakes up to find a Baphomet  drawn in blood  on a wall in his room.
He consults.
They quickly conclude.
An evil spirit resides and is specifically targeting Lisa.
The priest returns to issue a stern warning.
Lisa is away.
Balwant takes the message  but does not mention it.
Lisa becomes ill  refuses food and water and takes.
The priest returns and attempts to place a cross.
Lisa transforms and attacks the priest.
Arjun engages a doctor.
It turns out to be fruitless.
Lisa s evil outbursts simply overwhelm the hospital staff.
Now convinced there is an alien force  Arjun storms into MK s office and demands the truth.
MK reveals the name.
Arjun visits her.
Radhama reveals.
It started  when she was a servant at the haveli.
A wounded mutineer  Mohan Kant  sought cover.
He turned out to be a spy.
The owner s daughter  Gayatri  seduced him to buy time.
Her uncle arrived.
Her uncle and his men hanged him.
He vowed revenge.
His soul has remained ever since.
Arjun returns.
The soul has now completely possessed Lisa s body.
The priest suggests an exorcism  and decides to perform it himself.
The ritual begins well  but the evil soul is too powerful.
The priest and Balwant are both killed.
The evil spirit impels Lisa to slit her wrists.
When the spirit can carry her soul to hell.
Unable to physically restrain Lisa  Arjun is forced to reexamine his lost faith.
Now  Lisa  beats Arjun badly.
Who is empowered.
A possessed Lisa now emotionally tortures Arjun.
Arjun is beaten badly.
Soon Arjun feels.
Only God can save Lisa.
Arjun rises up  he limps and embraces her.
Arjun then embraces Lisa and begins reciting the Hanuman Chalisa.
The evil soul is now being tortured.
He tries to run.
Arjun holds Lisa s body.
He then drags her.
Reciting the Hanuman Chalisa.
The evil soul is in enough pain because of listening to the words.
Arjun then says.
Jai Bajrang Bali and the evil soul is flushed out.
The evil soul runs out and is eventually destroyed.
<EOS>
The heroine Larita is married.
He brings suit on the grounds of adultery.
He catches her almost being seduced.
Larita takes.
She is now a disgraced woman.
Where she meets and marries a rich younger man  John Whittaker.
She does nt tell him.
They return to meet his family.
His mother strongly disapproves  suspecting Larita of immorality.
Larita s past comes to light.
She decides to allow John to divorce her.
He can marry Sarah  a local girl whom his mother had.
<EOS>
Prisoners in the United States are incarcerated in men s or women s prisons depending on their biological sex  and not their gender identity.
Pre-Operative trans women are incarcerated in men s prisons  and trans men in women s prisons.
<EOS>
The film begins.
She and her younger siblings Dylan and Sophie can never go out.
The whole world is going.
Gwen patiently explains.
It is little surprise.
Marnie still has a problem.
Gwen has more or less restored order.
When her mother Aggie  who is an expert witch  shows up.
The kids are happier to see Aggie.
Gwen is.
It is soon shown why  Aggie openly encourages the kids to get more involved Halloween.
Gwen is nearly powerless to stop her.
Aggie seems especially intent.
It is Marnie s 13th Halloween.
Marnie has no idea about any of this.
Aggie drops a huge hint  reading the kids a bedtime story   Aggie does nothing to stop Marnie.
She is about to head home.
When Sophie sees a drawing.
Gwen and Aggie get.
Gwen insists.
Marnie will be raised.
Aggie says.
She disagrees.
Actually she is there  people have suddenly started mysteriously disappearing.
Gwen thinks.
They just moved.
Aggie says.
It is not that simple.
Aggie desperately asks.
Gwen declines.
Aggie is distraught for the safety of her old home and leaves  turning the chicken leftovers into a live chicken on the way out.
Gwen is not aware.
Marnie was watching this the whole time.
Marnie runs back upstairs to tell Dylan.
What she just saw.
Dylan says.
She s crazy.
They then follow Aggie covertly.
Marnie and Dylan sneak.
When the bus indeed arrives.
Suddenly  the bus shakes violently.
The bus is filled.
The bus is landing.
They know it.
Aggie does nt see Marnie and Dylan getting off the bus.
Marnie and Dylan do nt see Sophie getting off the bus.
Dylan notices her.
Marnie asks.
What she s doing here.
Sophie says  she heard.
She was only pretending to sleep.
Everything Marnie told Dylan  and followed them.
They all begin to look.
Who they have lost  when the mayor  Kalabar  approaches them.
He whistles.
Is driven with a bad sense of humor.
The three siblings find their grandmother s home.
Aggie decides not to take them home immediately.
She says  but has to take care first.
She ll start Marnie s witch training.
She shows her grandchildren   a vision of a hooded demon appears  laughing maniacally.
What she is talking about.
Aggie has a talisman.
She says can defeat this demon.
Her witches brew is defective.
Aggie explains them the history of Halloweentown  ages ago  during the Dark Times  humans and supernatural beings.
Taking the kids to get the ingredients to make her own.
To defend themselves.
But Merlin  the famous wizard  created the talisman to end the Dark Times and split their universes.
That both races may live.
Marnie then discovers a broom shop.
The family is introduced.
Who looks.
He makes a clumsy pass.
She turns down.
Benny had earlier explained.
Luke was once a Goblin  but claimed a shadow demon made him handsome.
Marnie picks a broom.
She and Aggie take it.
A distressed and angered Gwen has shown up and orders the kids to return home immediately.
When they get back.
Marnie argues  but eventually knows.
She can not win once Gwen decided to punish her.
Gwen ca nt find another bus back.
She is shocked.
When she tries to see if the mayor can do anything.
The mayor is Kalabar  her old boyfriend.
Gwen and her kids see Aggie walking somewhere.
When Kalabar briefly leaves to handle another problem.
Sensing Aggie might be  they follow Aggie and Luke to an abandoned movie theater.
Once inside  Gwen and Aggie find themselves battling the hooded demon.
They had previously seen.
The demon freezes Aggie and Gwen.
Suddenly Marnie finds herself.
She decides to finish.
What Aggie started   by gathering the ingredients for the witch s brew that will hopefully make the talisman work.
They are successful  and soon find themselves battling the demon  himself.
Who reveals himself to be none other.
Who has realized the error.
Kalabar  finally noticing her  tries to freeze her.
Drops in the holder inside the jack-o-lantern  lighting it and unfreezing Aggie and Gwen  as well as all the other Halloweentown citizens.
As she is out the talisman.
Whom Kalabar had trapped.
Gwen and Aggie rush to find out.
They wake.
What happened.
Marnie  Gwen and Aggie confront Kalabar.
Kalabar is apparently bitter.
Their kind was forced to relocate because humans would nt accept them  and that Gwen passed him over years ago for a mortal man.
Aggie  Gwen and Marnie then try to vanquish Kalabar.
The three alone are nt enough.
Sophie has also been showing signs.
Dylan   also displays powers himself.
When angered.
The five combine their powers and destroy Kalabar using the talisman.
Gwen agrees to let Marnie start witch training and even invites Aggie to live.
The film ends.
They blast off.
The movie ends.
They go out unto the sky to the mortal world.
<EOS>
This is the story.
Karan is but is too shy to tell her.
One day Tanya witnesses is forced to flee the country to save her own life.
The scientist had stored a secret code  now being sought by Mehboob.
He was able to hide the toy before being killed.
Unawares  Tanya leaves the toy before fleeing the country.
The toy is later picked up.
Who himself is not aware.
Three years later.
Depressed  Karan stumbles across old schoolmates of hers at a cafe  and discovers from them.
She had been living all this time.
Karan coaxes his friend Murugan to help him track down Tanya.
They enlist the aid.
Rocky travels.
Where his friend Babloo has already tracked.
Rocky and Babloo stake Natasha s villa to make sure  but as soon as Rocky spots Natasha  its love.
They are.
Karan and Murugan arrive from India.
He has Natasha.
Faced to woo Natasha  Rocky attempts to eliminate Karan from the picture.
Tanya  he informs Karan  is not the same girl.
Both her husbands died one.
Now she has three pairs and is also dating an underworld don.
Karan is heartbroken to hear all this  and decides to go back  and is about to board his flight.
When  he spots a picture of Tanya on a club advertisement printed across an airport Taxi.
He is overjoyed  and assumes.
Rocky made a mistake  and ended up tracking down someone else named Tanya  not being aware that Rocky is.
Things are about to get more complicated  not  there are two other guys already trying to catch Natasha in their web of deceit.
Has Rocky to contend.
Local plumber  Sanju Malvani has been currying favor by pretending to be a paraplegic on crutches.
Every time Natasha meets someone  Sanju eliminates the competitor using a unique trick.
She likes.
He edits and prints out a fake newspaper featuring an article showing that person  and comes over to Natasha and shares the news with her while acting all shocked himself.
Then there is Tanya s physically disabled live-in friend Tommy.
Who also has a soft spot.
Having heard  Tommy has since faked being run over in a car accident and now acts like he  thus managing to stay close to Natasha by seamlessly filling in the void left behind by her deceased brother.
Himself is disabled and mentally challenged.
The most hilarious sequence commences at this point.
Rocky begins his attempted seduction.
Having wired the villa  and thus overheard  Rocky shows up  pretending to be an architect.
What Natasha craves.
Natasha   is ambushed by a bunch of thugs.
Who is shopping.
Rocky intervenes  and  introduces himself  and proceeds to show-off himself as a charming professional with a heart of gold.
Seemingly beating the daylights out.
Somewhat awed  Natasha offers Rocky an invitation later in the evening.
He accepts.
He is confronted.
When Rocky arrives later in the evening.
Rocky is easily able.
Has the dog.
Who dies due while the sisters are making Rocky a drink in the kitchen.
Crisis is avoided.
When Rocky is able to revive the dog.
Rocky confronts Tommy and threatens to expose him.
He is.
Rocky lets Tommy go  on the condition.
The later will no longer attempt to get.
Having eliminated Tommy  and under surveillance  Rocky now intercepts Sanju trying to discredit him at Natasha s home.
Later   Rocky is able to fast-talk his way out and convince the gullible Natasha.
When the shocked Natasha confronts Rocky.
He is indeed not an architect.
A Captain does not approve of  thus the ruse.
The scene now shifts.
Where Rocky  resplendently dressed  has invited Natasha over for a cruise.
Natasha spots Karan and Murugan sitting.
Coddling her.
Unaware  she is overjoyed to see an old friend.
Karan is.
She introduces Karan  not aware.
They know each other quite well already.
Karan seeing Rocky and Natasha/Tanya all smiles and happy  simply wants to leave them alone out.
He just wants her to be happy  and not himself  much.
If it is.
Natasha/Tanya convinces Karan to stay one more night  and come over for dinner later in the day.
He tries to leave the scence  pretending that he and Murugan have a flight to catch.
Both Karan and Rocky are shown staging elaborate dance sequences at a club.
Order to impress.
Sanju shows up later  and pulls Natasha aside to reveal his latest newspaper creation  showing Rocky as an international crook.
Fraudster wanted the world over.
Rocky overhears the conversation and  chases Sanju outside.
Natasha is occupied elsewhere.
Sanju  fearing  drops the pretense of being crippled  throws his crutches on the ground  and runs for dear life.
Later  Rocky  Sanju and Tommy are seen sitting nearby  exposing each other as fraudsters and having a drink together  cursing their luck at the emergence of Karan as the new love in Natashaa life.
The movie ends  Rocky  Tommy and Sanju have to rescue a kidnapped Natasha in a bizarre shoot-out sequence in the middle of the desert featuring motorbikes and.
When Mehboob shows up looking with a whole gang of thugs and Karan.
<EOS>
Beer League is a comedy.
Who is known.
He plays softball.
They play.
Swill and their arch-rival is Manganelli Fitness led.
The town s police chief decides.
Whichever team finishes best.
Whomever loses is out.
Artie lives at home  and can never hold a job or a girlfriend for very long.
He ends up at a diner for late night food.
Where he sees old flame Linda Salvo out.
Artie abandons his friends and starts some small talk.
Results. 
Linda is disgusted and annoyed.
She let herself fall.
Artie decides to actually try to attempt a more meaningful relationship.
The Ed s team  traditionally a league doormat  decides to actually practice.
The regular season is highlighted.
.
The team charges up the standings to qualify against the four-time defending champions from Manganelli Fitness.
However  ` Dirt   Ed s Bar and Swill s team pitcher  collapses and dies.
The rest of the team drinks heavily in homage to Dirt.
They play.
Manganelli s team quickly builds a 10-0 lead.
That remains the score heading.
The season rests on Artie s shoulders.
Artie proceeds to launch a Manganelli pitch.
Nobody has done since .
That shot only makes the score.
Ed s Bar and Swill comes around the lineup in the inning  bringing Artie back to the plate  now with the bases loaded and the score 10-6  though still with two outs.
Artie hits the ball.
Where nobody is stationed because Manganelli has his fielders playing the DeVanzo Shift  completely.
All three baserunners come home.
Artie races home tie the score.
The ball is thrown away.
He and Manganelli have a collision.
Manganelli hangs.
However  Artie keeps his vow.
The game ends.
Figures show.
The film was only released.
Total Lifetime Domestic Grosses.
Opening Weekend  $.
Beer League received 4 fresh reviews out of 11 at Rotten Tomatoes  giving it a tomatometer rating of 27.
Richard Roeper gave a positive review saying.
Beer League is raunchy and tacky.
It s a hell To Launch.
Another Positive review was.
Com Beer League is.
Most importantly  there s a great chance something.
Will make you laugh.
Christopher Null.
Com was not so nice saying A whole lot.
Does nt really add up.
When taken  but which grows somewhat tiresome in the long run.
<EOS>
An aging circus ringmaster visits his estranged wife to see his young sons.
Meanwhile  his jealous young lover has an affair.
<EOS>
Most are not named.
A girl disguises herself to go attend the 2006 World Cup qualifying match between Iran and Bahrain.
She travels with a group of male fans.
Some of whom notice her gender  but do not tell anyone.
She persuades a reluctant ticket tout to sell her a ticket  he only agrees to do so at an inflated price.
The girl tries to slip.
She is spotted and arrested.
She is put.
Who have also been caught.
The women are to see it.
The women are guarded.
Of whom are just doing their national service.
Who just wants to return.
The soldiers are bored and do not particularly care  however  they guard the women carefully.
Whether women should be allowed to attend football matches.
Who could come.
They occasionally give commentary.
One needs to go to the toilet.
There is no women s toilet in the stadium.
A soldier is deputed to escort her.
He does  first disguising her face with a poster of a football star  then throwing a number of angry men out of the toilet and blockading any more from entering.
The girl escapes into the stadium.
She returns shortly after as she is worried about the soldier from Tabriz getting into trouble.
Part  the women are bundled into a bus  along with a boy arrested for carrying fireworks.
The soldiers ordered to drive them.
The soldier plays the radio commentary on the match.
The bus travels.
It concludes.
Iran defeats Bahrain.
After half time and wild celebrations erupt and sing with joy.
The girl is the only one not happy.
Whose story began the film.
She wanted to attend the match.
When asked why  she explains that she is not really interested.
A friend was one of seven people killed in a scuffle during the recent Iran-Japan match.
She wanted to see the match.
The city explodes with festivity.
The bus becomes caught.
A spontaneous street party begins.
Borrowing seven sparklers  the women and the soldiers leave the bus and join the party  holding the sparklers above them.
The film was filmed  at a real life qualifying match for the Iranian National team.
And Panahi had two separate outcomes depending on the turnout of the match.
<EOS>
Set  Mary is a telephone operator.
Who lives alone and is lonely.
Jim is a factory worker.
Who lives alone and is lonely.
Each decide to go to the beach.
Both are captivated  eventually realizing  moreover.
They really do.
Having gone  they are - due to exigent circumstances and hundreds of visitors to the beach that day - both separated from the other.
Only knowing each others  first name  and having only a small photo  Jim and Mary are desperate to find each other.
Will these two lonesome individuals have discovered their love  lose it all that same day.
Who. 
<EOS>
Advocate Rai Bahadur is a respected lawyer.
Who has no children.
He has an affair.
Who then becomes pregnant.
<EOS>
The cartoon opens.
The man throws a stick.
The man packs up and leaves  deliberately leaving the dog behind.
When Charlie is off getting it.
He tries various tricks to attract new owners.
Charlie is dumped.
He hears Porky singing and decides to go talk to him.
He annoys Porky.
As he says he is 50 % various dogs but is mostly a Labrador Retriever.
He eventually drives Porky crazy and is kicked off his property.
A series then ensues with Charlie trying to become Porky s dog  with them all failing but is stopped by a nearby humane society worker.
Porky is about to kick Charlie out.
Who is spying.
Porky then sings Rock-a-bye Baby.
He carries Charlie back and puts Charlie down.
Porky demands.
The Humane Society worker leaves.
Charlie leaves.
Charlie sadly and dramatically pleads Porky not to kick him out.
He always wanted to live.
Porky finally feels ashamed.
Porky finally feels sorry into accepting him as a pet and puts him in a sleeping bag.
He promptly shuts and sends Charlie off.
However  Charlie is there complete with a bagpipe.
When Porky returns.
He eventually drives Porky.
Porky promptly suggests a picnic afterwards.
He decides to head to do it.
Charlie comes running out.
Porky unpacks the food and calls Charlie out to catch the stick he has.
Porky proceeds to throw the stick and Charlie runs.
Porky then becomes angry and starts going crazy  acting a like a dog and is picked up.
Who picks him up and puts him.
<EOS>
An event coordinator learns the gruesome truth  a slime-like organism is causing humans to behave.
When attendees begin to report strange happenings.
Together she must race against time to evacuate the guests before more fall victim to the horror.
Lurks. 
<EOS>
The film continues the saga.
One is a super-intelligent golden retriever.
The other is a hybrid monster  a non-human assassin created to track the dog and destroy all.
Who come with it.
The golden retriever finds and befriends a fugitive.
The clever dog prompts the Marine captain to call an animal psychologist.
Where the genetic manipulation occurred.
Together  they attempt to elude the murderous monster and the gory trail of death closing in on them.
<EOS>
Two boys  Joshua and Max attempt to invent a fully mobile robot to help their mother with household chores.
However   the ghost possesses the robot.
A playfully performed seance.
The boys are overjoyed.
It soon becomes apparent.
The people who stole their father s work are.
Eventually their father returns after setting his boys on the right path.
They sell the plans to a rich Texan investor.
<EOS>
Evaristo  a humble worker  is preparing to go to work with two partners.
Who lives in Buenos Aires.
His daughter Mary calls him  the girl has a fever and this forces Evaristo back.
The tram falls.
The three workers missed.
Almost all the passengers die.
Mary earns the reputation.
She can predict the future.
Mary is now a very happy but very chaste young woman.
One afternoon   she sees a young man.
Who smiles.
The man follows her to find out.
When she gets off the bus.
Where she lives.
That night Mary tells her father Evaristo.
She had already chosen a husband  but does not know his name or where he lives.
Rosita  a friend  announces her sudden wedding.
Tito  a pharmacist friend  reveals to Mary.
An abortion was too dangerous.
Mary feels revolted  gets dizzy  and flees the party.
Mary becomes hysterical.
They re all whores  it s all shit  he shouts.
That summer  Mary is reunited from the bus  Cholo.
Who works with his brothers and is also a boxer.
Mary invites him.
They quickly start a relationship.
Mary meets Cholo s family  Cholo s mother Mrs America  Cholo s brother Raul and Raul s wife Sofia  Cholo s brother Hector and his wife Luisa  and Cholo s sister Claudia and her husband Ariel.
Cholo leaves boxing behind.
Cholo and Mary make out passionately.
Cholo tries to consummate the relationship  but Mary says.
She will marry a virgin.
She rejects him.
When Cholo attempts to force himself.
Five days later they reconcile.
Soon they plan their wedding.
Mary announces.
She will remain a virgin  to be held two days later.
Again Cholo tries to force Mary.
She rejects him very violently.
Cholo and Mary have a passionate wedding night in a hotel in Buenos Aires and consummate their relationship.
Sofia  sister announces worriedly.
She is pregnant.
The previous delivery had complications.
Sofia fears.
What will happen if she decides to continue.
Mary says  it is very dangerous to play.
It is better to sacrifice one s life rather than to kill a child.
Sofia decides to have an abortion.
She dies.
She feels revolted and repeats  They re all shit.
When Mary finds out.
Mary declares.
Sofia deserved what happened.
Then she decides to help raise Sofia s children and respect her memory.
Cholo s sister Claudia said.
Mary prophesied the death.
Mary says.
She only gave Sofia some advice.
Cholo s brother Raul begins a relationship with a widow.
Mary finds out and accuses Raul.
Ariel  Claudia s husband and Cholo s brother-in-law  defends Raul s courtship.
Mary says  I wonder.
Claudia were to find someone else.
Claudia   tells her to shut up.
Who believes that Mary is a prophetess.
Mary begins to move away and asks Cholo to leave the business.
He has.
Mary becomes increasingly sad and sullen.
Cholo gets a day off.
Ariel takes Cholo s place.
Ariel dies.
Claudia tells her to leave.
When Mary attends the wake.
They stop talking.
Mary s prophecies continues to be fulfilled   Claudia finds a boyfriend and plans to remarry.
Ariel dies.
Mary gets more depressed  retreats and begins to wear black.
Only Cholo s sister Luisa still visits Mary  but Mary prophecies Luisa s  and her own  death.
Thus Mary imagines the progressive death.
Mary s rejection affects her relationship with Cholo.
Mary has nightmares  suffers depression and isolates herself.
Mary finally looses her mind.
When Luisa gets sick.
He says.
It is fate that Luisa  and then herself  die.
Luisa recovers.
Mary is asleep.
When Cholo returns.
Mary gets up  strips herself naked  puts  and takes a knife.
When Cholo is asleep.
Mary goes and kills Cholo by stabbing him in the heart.
<EOS>
The film focuses.
His relationship   pushes her down a flight of stairs in a fit of jealousy.
Who is crippled after her boyfriend  New York City nightclub owner Case Ables.
Left penniless.
She incurs.
Who invites her to stay in his apartment.
Gloria orders Pinks to take her there to recuperate.
When Pinks  friend Violette Shumberg marries Nicely Nicely Johnson and the couple moves.
He pushes her.
There she reunites.
Who loses interest when he discovers she is an invalid.
Angry  she lashes out.
Who leaves her and finds work.
Despondent  Gloria confesses.
She longs to spend one last night.
He breaks.
When Pinks sees socialite Mimi Venus wearing one.
Where he overhears her being blackmailed.
Pinks disguises himself and retrieves the gems  then tells Case.
He will report him unless he agrees to host a party with Gloria as the guest of honor.
The police arrest Pinks.
Whose Social Security card was found.
He takes pity and drops the charges.
When her husband Samuel learns why the busboy had broken.
Gloria finally realizes the sacrifices Pinks made.
He lifts her.
They can dance.
Gloria tells Pinks.
She wants to see the ocean  then dies.
Undaunted  he carries her to fulfill her final request.
<EOS>
Kenny is a mockumentary.
Follows the fictional Kenny.
His work and his personal relationships are explored.
Kenny goes to day activities and speaks directly to the camera and his audience.
Kenny provides a most basic service  portable toilets.
The audience sees Kenny interviewing potential clients and involved.
It is important to know the kind of food and drink to be served at these events he provides.
This will determine the level.
Never ashamed  Kenny regards himself as a professional.
Even.
Which he caters.
The most glamorous will need his portable toilets.
He sees life through the need of his services.
He is thrilled to travel.
When Kenny travels to attend a toilet convention.
His ingenuousness and commitment opens business opportunities in Japan and the potential for a new relationship.
Kenny declines the opportunity to become an executive and is ambivalent.
She shows herself to be sincerely interested  for himself.
<EOS>
Magician Montag the Magnificent delivers hectoring speeches to his audience and then performs mutilation tricks on female volunteers.
The women appear unharmed immediately afterward -- mutilated in the same grisly fashion suggested by Montag s stage tricks.
Audience member Sherry Carson  a local TV talk show hostess.
Her boyfriend Jack begin to suspect.
Montag is somehow involved.
He and fellow reporter Greg attempt to research the case but are unable to come up.
Montag agrees to appear   he hypnotizes not only everyone in the studio  but also the viewing audience at home.
When the cameras roll.
Montag starts a blaze and is guiding Sherry and two plainclothes cops toward it.
When Jack intervenes and pushes Montag instead.
Screaming  the magician dies.
Back  Sherry and Jack have a drink.
They discuss their strange experience.
Suddenly  Jack laughs and begins peeling his own skin.
He is actually Montag.
What makes you think you know what reality is.
However  still alive  she tells the baffled Montag.
None was real  and that even he is part of her illusion.
You are no longer even here  she informs Montag.
You ll have to start your little charade all over again.
But I.
<EOS>
The trio are repairmen.
Who make a scene.
Quackenbush makes a bet.
He can turn the boys through environment.
Training is slow and painful.
Who pulls his hair out.
The Stooges take the opportunity to flirt.
Learning table etiquette.
Finally  the winner will be decided by the boys  behavior at a fancy society party.
The party  naturally  goes awry.
Curly greets guest Mrs.
Realizing this  Moe and Larry take Curly to lecture him  only to find.
The kleptomaniac Stooge has swiped a load as well.
Curly then grabs a pie  and tries to eat it whole.
Moe sees this  swipes the pie  and pushes Curly out.
Seeing the approaching Mrs Smythe-Smythe  Moe tosses the pie straight up  resulting.
Noticing his nervousness and frequent upward glances  she sympathetically comments  young man.
You act as if the Sword is hanging over your head.
Moe tells Mrs Smythe-Smythe and leaves.
She must be psychic.
Bewildered  Mrs Smythe-Smythe says.
I wonder what s wrong.
The pie comes crashing down in the society matron s face.
This sparks off a massive pie melee.
Takes no prisoners.
<EOS>
The story named Laura.
Who embarks.
The movie s soundtrack is set.
Scatman Crothers provides the voice.
Who narrates the story.
<EOS>
Timothy Dildo/Dunph Dunphy  is a high school senior living  Rhode Island  in.
He hangs out  mainly to smoke marijuana at the water tower overlooking town.
His friend  Drugs Delaney  suggests going out.
A sexually promiscuous classmate known is known to frequent.
Accepting the idea  Dunph and his friends head back.
Dunph tries to get his wheelchair-using younger brother  Jackie  to smuggle it out.
They are slowed down.
Who insists that they all come inside and greet his poker-playing friends.
Jackie shows up.
They are exchanging pleasantries.
The bong falls.
Pat picks it up asking.
What it is.
Jackie tries to fool him.
It is a horn  a music horn.
Pat s friend  Joey  asks Dunph to demonstrate his playing abilities.
Dunph tries  but blows air.
Pat  having heard enough  lets.
Them leave.
Pat s friends all know.
What the device is  but choose not to inform.
Dunph and his friends get into a car and drive off  with a big cloud of marijuana smoke fogging up the passenger compartment.
Unable to see  Dunph rear-ends the back  with its occupant inside.
Where he is going.
Kaveech  one  has influence with a local judge  and manages to negotiate a plea to keep Dunph out of reform school.
He is shipped off  a Connecticut boys  boarding school with a segregated all-girls school nearby under the same name.
Dunph must finish his senior year and graduate from Cornwall  or spend a year in jail.
It quickly catches up.
Dunph makes a sincere effort to stay out.
The first incident is.
When Jack Wheeler  a preppy blonde student who comes  introduces Dunph to Billy Fu  a middle eastern exchange student with the best reefer on campus.
The trio fashions a bong out  and smokes about half a bag of marijuana.
Dunph later learns.
Billy Fu routinely misses classes and gets away  because his father promises to donate a large amount of money to the school  on condition that Billy graduates.
It does not take long to incur the wrath of Mr Funderburk  his rigid dorm master  and Dean Bill Mort.
Who receives a letter simply addressed  but meant for Dunph s eyes.
The letter is.
Who routinely assigns work hours.
Eventually  Dunph accumulates more work hours.
He has class days.
Dunph also manages to make friends.
Whom Wheeler calls hands down  the coolest girl.
The pair eventually develop their relationship.
The relationship is brought.
This is the second part.
When Dunph s room  shared  is raided by Funderburk.
Wheeler s room is also raided.
The incident bringing Dunph s.
Jane s relationship occurs.
When Dunph  Jane  Billy Fu  Jizz and Wheeler are.
Wheeler excuses himself to make a phone call.
Moments later  Funderburk bursts  catching everyone in the act of getting high and drunk.
Funderburk orders Jane out.
As Wheeler shows up  innocently saying he was checking to see if anyone was studying.
Funderburk orders him out as well.
He intends to turn everyone not to repeat such an incident in the future.
Funderburk calls Dunph outside.
Dunph reveals his knowledge.
Dunph will in turn  report Billy.
Funderburk reports everyone.
Funderburk counters.
He confiscated.
Dunph offers Funderburk a deal  he will let himself be expelled.
Everyone else gets work hours.
Funderburk accepts.
They are surprised to learn.
When the boys are called.
The only punishment was probation and work hours.
Dunph eventually puts everything together and learns why  Funderburk gave him an even worse deal.
They had worked out.
Funderburk s actions also reversed her acceptance.
Not long after  Dunph learns.
Wheeler is accepted by a letter of recommendation from Funderburk.
Knowing  Dunph concludes.
Wheeler was caught during the first raid.
Wheeler made his own deal to inform on everyone and have Jane expelled.
Wheeler denies it.
Dunph threatens to throw Wheeler.
Dunph reveals his knowledge.
Your life s gon na suck anyway  Dunph says.
Dunph later makes his way.
Where he tells the Dean that he was the one responsible expulsion from Cornwall  and that she was innocent.
He convinces the Dean.
The Dean uses to influence the review board to overturn their decision to revoke Jane s admission.
The movie ends.
Dunph is given an acceptance letter by his father.
Dunph also reveals his intention to transfer  and shit.
Where people sleep over.
<EOS>
The film details the Kelly family living before and during Halloween.
The family  consisting  live a normal suburban life  but are eventually visited by a stranger.
Who identifies herself.
Both the Machens and the Kellys have a long ancestral history.
Vivian reveals.
One hanged a supposed warlock named Walter Machen  who raised up a pumpkin-headed demon  Jack-O  from hell to take revenge on the Kellys.
The Kelly ancestor ended up burying the demon.
Jack-O is raised again and seeks revenge on the Kellys.
<EOS>
Based.
Who fell down an abandoned water.
She was stuck about 20 to 30 feet down.
It took rescuers 58 hours to get her out.
There was fear.
If they shook the ground too much they could cause Jessica to fall further down and die.
Rescuers managed to successfully excavate and bring Baby Jessica to safety.
<EOS>
The young Chor Lau-heung learns martial arts and has attained a high level of skill.
His teacher sends him to attend a contest.
Is held once every ten years.
Chor meets Wu Tit-fa and Chung-yuen.
He fights.
When Chor arrives.
A Shaolin student called Mo-fa is able to defeat each other.
They decide to have a match.
One night  Chor meets Mo-fa and strike up a conversation.
Both decide to enter the palace in search of adventure.
They disturb the prince night but are accidentally caught in a trap and only manage to escape with the help of Chor s friends.
Meanwhile  Bat Prince breaks and kills Mo-fa s teacher  Tuk-ku Kau-pai and the Demonic Cult s leader.
Bat Prince is actually the son.
He wants to avenge his father.
17 years ago  his father came to challenge the three best fighters  but was defeated and committed suicide in shame.
Bat Prince is not satisfied and wants to dominate the Chinese martial arts world.
Chor is injured and loses his powers.
Mo-fa brings him.
Sui-mo Yam-kei heals Chor s wounds and teaches him new skills.
Chor faces the Bat Prince.
<EOS>
Sixteen-year-old Umi Matsuzaki lives.
Her mother Ryoko is a medical professor studying abroad.
Umi runs the house and looks Sora and Riku and her grandmother Hana.
College student Sachiko Hirokouji and doctor-in-training Miki Hokuto also live there.
Each morning  Umi raises a set with the message I pray for safe voyages.
A poem is published in the school newspaper.
Shun Kazama  the poem s author  witnesses the flags.
He rides a tugboat.
Umi meets Shun.
When he participates  leaving Umi with a negative first impression.
Later  Umi accompanies Sora to obtain Shun s autograph.
Umi discovers Shun publishes the school newspaper.
She ends up helping.
Umi is.
When Shun takes part.
The female student body helps renovate the building.
She shows Shun a photograph of three young naval men  one of the three men is her late father Yuichiro Sawamura.
Who was killed.
Shun begins isolating himself  he has the same photograph  and thinks.
They may be.
Umi is hurt.
He eventually reveals the news.
The renovation is complete  however  the board of education decides to go ahead with demolishing the building.
The students nominate Shun  Umi  and Shiro to visit Tokyo and meet with Tokumaru  a businessman and chairman of the school board.
The trio travels.
Is. 
Successfully convince Tokumaru to visit Quartier Latin.
Shiro leaves Umi and Shun.
Umi professes her love  in spite of their situation.
He reciprocates her feelings.
Arriving home late that evening  Umi discovers.
Her mother has at last returned.
Ryoko reveals.
Shun s father was Hiroshi Tachibana - the second man.
Tachibana was killed.
Shun s mother died.
Yuichiro registered the child  to avoid leaving Shun as an orphan in the confused post-War years.
However  Ryoko could not raise Shun.
She was pregnant during her time as a medical student.
Shun was given to the Kazamas  a local couple.
Who had lost their newborn.
Umi  however  still has concerns.
The next day  Tokumaru arrives.
Impressed in renovating Quartier Latin  the chairman decides to abandon the demolition.
However  Umi and Shun are called away to the harbor.
They meet Yoshio Onodera  now a ship s Captain.
Who was the third man  and the sole survivor of the three.
Onodera confirms.
Umi and Shun are not related  and tells the full story of the three naval men in the previous era.
Umi returns to Coquelicot Manor and happily resumes her morning routine of raising the flags.
<EOS>
The film starts.
Afterwards  the babies are chased out by a boulder.
Is revealed to be Didi Pickles who is at the Pickles  house  where Didi is pregnant with her.
Stu s second child  will be a girl.
Everyone believes.
Tommy is at first enthusiastic.
Angelica warns him that once the sibling is born  Stu and Didi will forget him.
Her friends rush her  it turns out to be a boy.
When the baby is finally born.
They name him Dil.
Unfortunately  Angelica s words appear to be true.
When Dil quickly becomes a very selfish baby  crying non-stop  keeping all of the babies  toys for himself  and refusing to share with Tommy.
He also takes the attention  leading Tommy to feel ignored.
Later however  Stu has a conversation he now has and assures him.
One day he ll be happy to have Dil.
He also gives Tommy a musical locket.
He calls his sponsitility.
They decide to take him back despite Tommy s disapproval and end up driving recklessly through the streets in a Reptar Wagon Stu had built until they crash in the woods.
When Dil pushes the other babies too far.
Angelica and Spike embark -- but Angelica only wants to get back her Cynthia doll.
Dil had secretly pinched Angelica s Cynthia doll.
A circus train suffers an accident in the same woods.
A group escapes from the wreckage.
The monkeys  owners  the Banana Brothers  attempt to search.
The parents soon discover their children s absence  and call the police and rangers  and the news leaks out.
Reporters come to interview them.
They are forced to trail back.
The boat goes.
The babies are soon attacked.
They steal the diaper bag forcing Tommy to retrieve it.
Some monkeys try to steal Dil.
Phil and Lil refuse to help.
Chuckie attempts to rescue him.
He is not very well liked and is stolen.
Chuckie  Phil and Lil disguise a smaller monkey to fool Tommy  but  they accidentally slip of.
When Tommy resolves to use the wizards wish to return Dill.
What really happened.
Tommy gets angry.
However  they still refuse to help Tommy to find Dil and declare he no longer has friends.
His brother is all  prompting a depressed and disheartened Tommy to search on his own and leave the group.
He has now.
Eventually Tommy finds Dil.
They find shelter.
Feeling guilty  Tommy realizes his mistake and apologizes  taking him back under the tree and retrieving the locket.
Dil   willingly shares the torn blanket.
Who finally shrugs off his selfishness.
Phil  Lil and Chuckie catch up and reconcile and save them from the monkeys  and are eventually reunited with Angelica and Spike.
The thunderstorm is over.
They are confronted.
The babies make it over by the ranger station followed by the monkeys.
Has been stalking them all day.
The babies start to panic.
The monkeys run away screaming.
Spike comes on top of the wolf stopping it from harming the babies.
As the wolf is about to attack them.
The two animals fight.
The babies cheer Spike.
However  the wolf almost knocks Spike.
Angelica calls it.
The wolf tries to attack Angelica.
Spike bites its tail  dragging them.
The babies weep.
Luckily  Stu finally finds the babies and crash lands.
Emerging stuck under his Dactar glide  the babies mistake him for the Wizard and wish for Spike s life instead of returning home.
Stu falls  finding Spike alive and unharmed.
Simutaneously  the parents arrive and are reunited.
They are finally reunited with their arriving owners.
The babies having the same imaginary adventure successful this time with his help  finally accepting him as one of them.
When the movie began and are.
Boris  goat pushes the Reptar Wagon.
The goat follows it.
<EOS>
Sonny Steele is a former championship rodeo rider.
Who has sold out and is now reduced to making public appearances to sell a brand of breakfast cereal.
Prior  Sonny discovers.
The horse has been drugged and is injured.
Identifying and disillusioned with the present state of his life  Sonny decides to abscond with Rising Star and travel.
Order to release him where herds of wild horses roam.
Hallie Martin  a television reporter eager to be the first to break the Rising Star story  locates Sonny and follows him through the countryside.
The unlikely pair have a romance.
En route.
They avoid the pursuing authorities.
<EOS>
Cynthia Paniagua  a modern dancer  begins taking lessons with Nelida Silva  an immigrant folk dancer also from the Andes.
She travels to learn more.
Nelida returns to her native village to host The Patron Saint Festival  and there the two reconnect.
<EOS>
Lara storms off convinced.
A heated argument turned cop husband  Lawson  Russian immigrant house wife.
He s more married.
She takes pity on a mournful hitchhiker Justin Mckay  desperately searching for a ride.
He is left by our Justin.
Lawson struggles to follow Lara.
Recovers and now must search the steadily darkening roads.
Her deeply troubled captor Justin continues his uncontrollable slaughter-spree  rampaging.
<EOS>
Federico  the coach The Mary Mastersons  is engaged to Cecilia  an upper class woman and the captain of the team.
He is about to take two important steps -- planning a great wedding and becoming the new coach of Las Leonas  the national team.
Far away  in a little sea town  lives Federico s father  a great hockey player and a coach as well.
They have not seen each other.
He tells Federico.
He has an eight-year-old sister he has not met  and asks him to take care.
Federico s life changes drastically.
He is also captivated his father used to coach and falls in love.
Both Tini  the little sister  and Julieta  wish to be accepted despite Cecilia s wish to carry on with the marriage.
Julieta and Cecilia comfront each other  not only as captains of the teams but also in a dispute for Federico s love.
Federico has to make a decision.
<EOS>
Mickey is struck.
Playing baseball.
Mickey meets several other kids.
He fully recovers.
Who were nt so lucky.
Instantly developing a sense  the Gang members establish the 1-2-3 Go Safety Society  dedicated to lowering the number of auto injuries in their community.
<EOS>
The film presents scenes.
Told -- as a performer in a circus  where the ringmaster befriends her.
<EOS>
The opening titles set the film -.
Armando explains.
A disease killed the world s cats and dogs  leaving humans with no pets.
To replace them  humans began keeping apes.
Realizing the apes  capacity to learn and adapt  humans train them to perform household tasks.
American culture is based on ape slave labor.
Armando and Caesar  a young chimpanzee horseback rider  distribute flyers around a large city to advertise the circus  arrival.
Armando warns the chimpanzee to be careful   it would mean their deaths.
Anyone learn his identity.
They see apes performing various menial tasks  and are shocked.
Seeing an ape being beaten and drugged  Caesar shouts  Lousy human bastards.
The surrounding crowd becomes agitated.
Caesar flees.
Hiding  Armando tells Caesar.
He will go and bluff his way out of the situation.
Meantime  Caesar has to hide and soon finds himself being trained for slavery through violent conditioning.
He is then sold to Governor Breck.
Breck allows the ape to name himself.
The chimpanzee s finger rests  feigning coincidence.
Caesar is then put to work.
Who sympathizes to the thinly veiled disgust of his boss.
MacDonald eventually figures out.
Who Caesar really is.
Meanwhile  Armando is being interrogated.
Who suspects his circus ape is the child.
Kolp s assistant puts Armando.
Psychologically forces people to be truthful.
Armando fights the guard and jumps through a window  falling to his death.
Learning  the only human  Caesar loses faith in human kindness and begins plotting a rebellion.
Cared. 
Secretly  Caesar teaches combat and has them gather weapons.
Meanwhile  Breck learns.
The vessel which supposedly delivered Caesar is.
Suspecting Caesar is the ape  Breck s men arrest Caesar and electrically torture him.
The police are hunting.
He speaks.
Hearing him speak  Breck orders Caesar s immediate death.
Caesar survives his execution.
MacDonald lowers the machine s electrical output well.
Caesar kills his torturer and escapes.
Breck leaves.
Caesar leads an ape revolt.
The apes are victorious.
Caesar has Breck.
Marched out to be executed.
MacDonald is spared.
He appeals to Caesar to show mercy.
Caesar ignores him  and in a rage declares   Lisa  Caesar s love interest  voices her objection  NO.
The apes raise their rifles to beat Breck.
Caesar reconsiders and orders the apes to lower their weapons  saying.
<EOS>
Fourteen-year-old Diana Barrymore is being raised.
Her father  the famed actor John Barrymore  has not laid eyes for 10 years.
They share an evening.
John abandons her again.
Diana has become an actress and has a steady boyfriend  Lincoln Forrester.
Diana s mother warns her not to live.
When a Hollywood contract comes her way.
She finds her father living  having sold or pawned his belongings to pay his bills.
He keeps a bald eagle indoors and has a servant  Gerhardt.
Who must physically knock out John to put him.
Diana s famous name gains her some publicity.
Her performances are panned.
Her new husband  actor Vince Bryant  is away a lot  so Diana turns to drink and leaves Vince.
A penniless and often drunk Diana and her husband move.
When her father dies alone.
Who can only stand so much.
She discovers after her mother s death.
She has been left no inheritance.
Diana takes demeaning jobs.
She becomes violent and is hospitalized.
Her only hope is an offer to write her memoirs.
Old friend Linc returns  offering some badly needed kindness.
<EOS>
The setting is early 1950s New York City and focuses around the early television community.
Jerry Biffle is the star.
He has been invited to participate at an important department store.
Jerry meets Sally Peters  one  and makes her part of his TV troupe.
Jerry gets Cliff Lane  the tenor of his TV company  to sing to her over the phone.
They fall  with Biffle ignorant of the complications.
When Sally and Cliff meet.
Biffle engineers a big publicity wedding  not knowing.
Sally is the girl.
To further complicate his life  Jerry learns.
He is about to lose his sponsor.
The publicity elopement almost shatters his entire career and life.
Jerry s sponsor comes up and  as far  the day is saved.
When it seems that his whole world will cave in.
Jerry is concerned.
<EOS>
Roddy St.
James is a decidedly upper crust pet mouse.
Who makes his home.
Roddy plays.
His owners are away.
Roddy schemes to get rid by luring him into the jacuzzi.
When a common sewer rat named Sid comes spewing out and decides to stay  especially as England are playing against Germany in the World Cup final.
Is actually the toilet.
Sid is nt fooled however  and instead pushes Roddy in and flushes him away.
There  Roddy discovers an city resembling.
London made out  and meets Rita Malone  an enterprising scavenger rat who works the drains in her faithful boat  the Jammy Dodger.
Rita does not like Roddy initially  but ends up taking him along.
Her arch enemy The Toad sends his rat henchmen  Spike and Whitey  because she had stolen back her father s prized ruby a long time ago.
The Toad despises all rodents.
He decides to have them frozen.
The pair escape.
Rita takes a unique electrical cable.
The cable is required to control the Floodgates.
Roddy finds and breaks it  enraging her.
The ruby is a fake.
She can now not get the money she needs.
Roddy offers her a real ruby.
She takes him back.
Accepting the offer  the pair first stop to visit her family.
He overhears a conversation  so he steals the Jammy Dodger.
Causes him to think that Rita had double-crossed him.
She is able to clear up the misunderstanding.
When Rita catches up.
The pair evade Spike and Whitey pursuing  with Thimblenose Ted and others on eggbeater jet skis.
Roddy and Rita share a quick love moment.
Incensed  The Toad sends for his French cousin  an infamous   mercenary known as Le Frog.
Somewhat laid back.
It is revealed  but was replaced by a pet mouse  and subsequently flushed down a toilet.
The Toad was once Prince Charles  pet.
Le Frog and his subordinates intercept the duo and retrieve the cable.
Roddy and Rita use a plastic bag to lift themselves out and get Roddy home.
The Jammy Dodger has to be sacrificed.
Back home  Roddy pays Rita the promised ruby and an emerald  then proceeds to show her.
She at first believes.
He has family.
Noticing his cage  she realizes.
He s a pet.
Roddy tries to pass Sid off.
Sid and Rita know each other  and so she does nt fall.
Rita tries to persuade Roddy to come.
He is too proud to admit.
He is lonely.
They have fallen in love but have not told each other their feelings.
She departs  both broken-hearted  but is soon captured by The Toad.
Talking about half-time  Roddy pieces together The Toad s plan  to open the gates during halftime of the World Cup.
When all the humans will most likely be using their toilets  causing a great flood and drowning the rats and their underground city.
He can then use the depopulated city.
He gives Sid his cushy position and has him flush him to find Rita and save the city.
Together  they defeat The Toad and freeze the wave.
It drowns the entire rat population.
Rita and Roddy build the Jammy Dodger Mark Two and set off with Rita s entire brood.
A newspaper article reveals.
England had lost.
Rita and Roddy become boyfriend and girlfriend.
Roddy s former owner Tabitha comes back.
While the credits start.
Frightens Sid.
<EOS>
A synopsis prior stated  Caotica Ana is the story-journey of Ana during four years of her life  from 18 to.
A countdown  10  9  8  7   like in hypnosis.
Which Ana proves that she does not live alone  that her existence seems  and who live in the abyss of her unconscious memory.
This is her chaos.
Ana is the princess and the monster.
<EOS>
The film opens during marriage counseling.
The couple has been married.
Their marriage is suffering.
They can not remember the last time they had sex.
They tell the story in Bogota  Colombia    the two claimed to be together to avoid being questioned.
Where they met while both were secretly from Colombian authorities.
The authorities were looking.
They quickly fell and were married.
John later states.
Jane looked morning to him on the day they met.
John and Jane are both skilled assassins working for different firms  both among the best in their field.
Each is concealing their true profession.
John and Jane balance their apparently mundane marriage.
Both find after a few years to be growing dull and suffocating - with their secretive work.
They encounter each other.
When both are assigned to kill prisoner Benjamin The Tank Danz.
The hit ends up being botched.
They are assigned to discover and eliminate the other.
Their respective companies find out.
The marital spat culminates in a high-octane fight in the Smith house.
They wind up with guns in each other s faces.
John balks  and lays his gun down  Jane finds.
She can not shoot her spouse either  and both succumb instead.
Mr and Mrs Smith reunite and make love.
The newly-rekindled Smith partnership is quickly threatened.
Who have now decided to eliminate the couple.
John s best friend and coworker  Eddie  turns down a bounty.
John and Jane find themselves from an army of assassins.
Fending off an attack  the Smiths steal their neighbor s minivan and successfully destroy their attackers  three pursuing armored BMWs saloons  all while bickering.
Blows up their house.
The Smiths decide to fight together to preserve their marriage.
They kidnap Danz.
Order to give their employers something they want more than the Smiths.
Danz reveals.
He was merely bait  hired jointly after it was discovered that the Smiths were married  in the hopes of having one Smith kill the other.
John and Jane forgo their separate contingency plans and make their stand together.
The Smiths - now working smoothly together as a team - defeat an extended attack by a large force of armed personnel during a long shoot-out inside a department store.
The film ends.
Where the Smiths state how much their marriage has thrived and how happy they really are  motioning a subtle 10 when asked about the sex question once more.
<EOS>
Reijiro Hieda was known.
He passed.
He began to advocate a heretical theory.
One day  Hieda got a letter.
Who is his brother-in-law and a junior high school teacher.
His letter said.
He discovered the ancient tomb which the ancients built to appease evil spirits.
Hieda went at once.
Yabe mysteriously disappeared.
Who is his student.
Masao  the son of Yabe  was looking for his father s whereabouts with his friend in the school during summer vacation.
Masao found Reiko.
Then Masao was wrapped up.
Strange creatures appeared.
Masao s back emitted smoke and ached suddenly.
Hieda appeared.
He saved.
Masao then they searched and found a sea of blood and the neckless body.
Then  they heard the woman s quiet singing voice.
It was Reiko s voice.
<EOS>
Texas Night Train follows the odyssey.
Who becomes entangled.
One night  she drugs his drink.
He passes out.
Jake finds.
When he awakes the next morning.
One has been cut from his body.
He is also handcuffed.
Freeing himself  he hops and encounters a mysterious hobo.
Who shares the secret.
Jake goes  then returns to seek his revenge on Mae.
TV Guide Online review.
<EOS>
The film follows the lives and their family over five days  a long Guy Fawkes Night weekend in November.
Waitress Nadia  shy  in girlish twists  Eileen takes her silent frustrations out on the neighbour s barking dog  poisoning it.
When it prevents her.
Franklin is an over-sensitive man.
Who frequents the coffee house where Nadia works.
He is unable to summon the courage to talk  instead listening to music he thinks.
She would like alone.
Nadia sleeps  but is then rejected by him.
Molly and Eddie have a fight.
When she discovers he has left his job.
He leaves.
She goes believing.
He has permanently left her.
He has really had an accident.
She resolves to keep them apart.
Debbie s son is mugged when his father leaves him alone.
Darren finally calls to let his family know.
He is fine.
Franklin has enough courage to talk.
Molly and Eddie are reunited after the birth of their daughter Alice  a name Eddie selected because of Alice in Wonderland.
<EOS>
The film depicts the Battle and the events leading up to it.
Sam Houston leads the forces fighting and needs time to build an army.
The opposing Mexican forces  led  are numerically stronger and also better armed and trained.
Nevertheless  the Texans have spirit and morale.
Remains generally high.
Lieutenant Colonel William Travis is tasked.
Jim Bowie arrives.
The defenders dig in.
Meanwhile  Davy Crockett arrives from Tennessee.
Crockett meets.
Crockett and his men join forces.
Travis informs him.
Santa Anna s armies arrive and surround the fort.
The siege begins.
Santa Anna demands surrender  Travis replies.
The Texans sabotage the Mexicans  biggest cannon.
The Texans maintain high hopes.
They are told a strong force led is on its way to break the siege.
Crockett  however  sensing an imminent attack  sends.
One  Smitty  to ask Houston for help.
Crockett knows.
This will perhaps save Smitty s life.
The Mexicans attack.
The defenders hold out and kill hundreds.
The Texans  own losses are not insignificant.
Bowie sustains.
A leg wound.
Morale drops.
When Travis tells his men that the Fannin s reinforcements have been ambushed and slaughtered.
Travis chooses to stay and defend the Alamo.
He gives the other defenders the option.
Crockett  Bowie and their men prepare to leave.
A speech convinces them to stay and fight to the end.
Santa Anna s artillery bombards the Alamo and kills or wounds several Texans.
The entire Mexican army sweeps forward  attacking.
The defenders kill dozens.
The attack is overwhelming.
The Mexicans blast a hole through.
Travis tries to rally the men but is shot and killed.
Crockett leads the Texans.
The Mexicans take heavy losses  but swarm through and overwhelm the Texans.
The Texans retreat.
Crockett is killed.
When he is run through and then blown up as he ignites the powder magazine.
Bowie   kills.
Several Mexicans but is bayoneted and dies.
The Mexican soldiers discover the hiding place.
The last Texan is killed.
The battle is over.
The Mexicans have won.
Santa Anna observes the carnage and provides safe passage.
Smitty returns too late  watching.
He takes off his hat and then escorts Mrs Dickinson away from the battlefield.
The subplot follows the conflict existing.
Travis stubbornly defends his decisions as well as trying to maintain discipline amongst a force made up primarily of independent-minded frontiersmen and settlers.
Whom the most bitter conflict develops.
Crockett  well liked  eventually becomes a mediator between the other two.
Bowie constantly threatens to withdraw his men rather than deal.
All three learn to subordinate their differences and in the end bind themselves together in an act of bravery to defend the fort against inevitable defeat.
<EOS>
The movie centers  both teenagers.
Who live.
Hoax is an introverted nerd.
Spike is the neighborhood motorcycle bad boy.
Hoax is filled.
Though Spike genuinely cares and protects him from bullies.
He can not stand up or get the girl he wants.
Both boys stumble.
Is just a novelty phone line that gives creepy-themed fortunes for a few dollars.
However  the line is actually used to subtly corrupt mortals into his bidding.
Spike loses interest quickly.
Hoax soon discovers the true nature and uses it to get revenge on everyone.
Who has wronged him.
Soon Hoax s spirit is almost entirely consumed.
Who possesses Hoax to cause death and destruction  culminating to Hell appearing before their house.
Spike confronts Hoax  but is quickly overpowered.
He calls earnestly to his cousin  reminding him of the plans.
They had to take a vacation that summer.
Hoax s fleeting soul resurfaces briefly  and realizes his horrible mistake and embraces Spike  begging.
Spike  realizing Hoax is lost and can not be separated  betrays his cousin and throws him into the pit of Hell.
<EOS>
Avery Bullard  president and driving force  dies suddenly while in New York City.
Bullard drops dead moments after telegraphing his secretary with orders to call a meeting of the executive board.
It was likely.
He would name an executive vice president who would be his presumptive successor.
But Bullard is now dead and.
So the board   must vote for his replacement.
Of whose members are vice presidents who could rise.
The frontrunner is the ambitious but unimaginative Loren Shaw  the company Controller concerned more and satisfying the stockholders than the quality of the company s products.
He holds the proxy.
Who had been hopelessly with Bullard.
Board member George Caswell  one of the investment bankers  offers his support in return for certain lucrative considerations.
Whom Bullard had been meeting.
The only viable alternative is idealistic Vice President.
Who is not even sure he wants the job.
He would rather spend his time developing new products and more efficient manufacturing methods.
His wife Mary is strongly giving up that dream.
Walling is supported Frederick Alderson  Bullard s best friend.
Who sees Walling  but fears he might be too young for the job.
Jesse Grimm is opposed.
Walt Dudley is being blackmailed  having been caught by him having an affair.
The machinations  bargaining and maneuvering leading up propel the plot.
Walling s enthusiasm and vision pour out in a boardroom speech.
He is elected the new company president.
<EOS>
Sara invites her ex-husbands and their new families to celebrate Christmas.
Sara have always wanted to have a baby.
She reveals the news  she s pregnant.
The only problem is.
Janne performed a vasectomy two years ago.
The secret starts to spread.
Everyone knows but Sara.
The party heads.
Who s the real father.
<EOS>
Robert is an aspiring novelist.
Who operates a tiny neighborhood bookstore.
Claudia is his wife and a talented painter.
Robert and Claudia s marriage is disintegrating.
They are about to sign their divorce papers.
Meanwhile  the legendary Casanova and his lover Lavinia are characters trapped inside.
The tragedy triggers the release of Casanova and Lavinia from the confines of the children s pop-up book.
<EOS>
Babla is a kid.
Who lives.
His mother sends him.
That he can go.
Initially  Babla likes both school as well as sister s home very much and becomes a good friend.
They roam around  watch street magic show and wish.
They could do such tricks  look inquisitively  make fun of teacher etc.
They enjoy   all these things thoroughly.
Any kid will.
But Babla gets reminded.
When his sister and brother-in-law starts scolding him from the school regarding his so-called irresponsible behavior.
He gets to realize  their innocence  their view.
Nobody understands kids.
He will have to grow up to enjoy life fully.
One thing leads decides.
He will be better off living.
He runs off and get.
Ticket-Master catches him and makes him get off.
He does not have any ticket.
He feels cold and look around for some shelter.
He finds an old woman sleeping and lie down besides her sharing the blanket.
He picks up a coin from her container and goes off to drink water.
He sees.
Drinking water.
Lot have gathered around the old lady.
He goes there and finds out.
The lady he had been sleeping was dead.
He gets scared and realizes.
Life is   not that simple for those who are poor.
He puts back the coin.
He had taken and run off.
There he finds his mother  sister and brother-in-law worrying.
They are overjoyed to see Babla back.
Babla promises.
He will study sincerely and never create troubles.
<EOS>
Dancing Queen tells the story.
Who shares the name.
Uhm is a girl.
Who dreamed but had to put her dream aside when she married Hwang Jung-min  who also uses his real name.
He is always worrying.
Hwang is a lawyer.
One day  Hwang rescues a drunk man.
Who falls off and becomes an instant hero.
His heroic act even pushes him.
He decides to run.
Things go along just fine.
Uhm receives a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity.
She is forced to choose.
It s not long.
She realizes that she ca nt give up her dream.
She decides to pursue both.
The film demonstrates.
Age is just a number and that dreams can sometimes come true.
<EOS>
The film opens yet they continue on to uncover the mummy of Queen Kara.
Anne begins a painful premature labour.
Corbeck smashes.
Anne has a painful contraction.
They discover Anne laying on the floor in a trance like state.
Corbeck takes her but leaves her.
There so that he can return.
Later   Corbeck and Jane open the mummy s sarcophagus.
Anne gives birth.
The baby suddenly comes  signifying the transfer of the Queen s soul to the baby.
They open it.
Corbeck s neglect and his newborn daughter Margaret eventually end up with the two leaving him.
The audience is then brought to eighteen years later.
Corbeck is a professor and now married to Jane.
Corbeck finds out  traces have been found on the mummy.
His great discovery is.
Corbeck returns to learn more about.
What is happening.
He tries to have the mummy brought back.
He disagrees.
He is killed.
One opposes Corbeck.
Matthew is able to transport the mummy.
Meanwhile  Margaret turns eighteen.
She decides.
She wants to go to meet her father even though her mother asks her not to.
She committed as well.
Tell Margaret all about Kara and the violent murders.
She could re-incarnate herself.
Corbeck s obsession grows.
Margaret begins to undergo changes.
It appears.
She is being possessed.
People.
Inhibit the Queen s spirit.
Margaret begins to notice the changes and believes.
She is the one responsible.
Both her and her father   discover the jars.
Visiting Kara s tomb.
Contain Kara s organs.
Corbeck wants to try the ritual to resurrect the ancient Queen.
Heston s character soon comes to believe.
The spirit possessed his daughter at the moment of her birth and intends to resurrect herself through the girl s body.
He comes.
The only way to save her is to perform the ritual  which is a decision aided.
He realizes.
When it is too late  that Kara tricked him  and that the ritual helped her completely take over Margaret s body.
The reincarnated Queen proceeds to kill Corbeck.
The film ends.
<EOS>
A search is.
A government agent has been killed trying to recover them.
He is mistaken.
When an unsuspecting William Beddoes arrives on behalf of an American bank.
Hatton-Jones comes to Beddoes  aid.
Also taking an interest is Aurora Celeste  the dead man s lover  as well as Steve Antonio  a smuggler.
Who is being pursued.
Everyone ends up.
Who appears to be the mastermind and knows where the hidden diamonds are.
Beddoes ends up engineering an escape.
The gems are safely.
Beddoes collects reward money.
He heads  assuming.
He will never see any again.
Aurora schemes to make sure he ll be back.
<EOS>
Veteran homicide cop Ferman and his hot-headed partner Idris team up to investigate the murder of a young woman.
The suspects include her conservative family.
Who might have killed her and aged billionaire Battal who had taken the victim as his second wife.
<EOS>
The police are called to investigate the death during a riot in the walled city of Delhi.
She was killed.
The woman killed is known.
The religious nature combine to attract the media s attention.
Her curiosity prompts her to investigate further.
When a young reporter covering the funeral  Tehzeeb Abbasi  discovers her father.
Then comes the revelation her aunt.
The singer was.
Who was disowned for rebelliously learning music from a concubine.
<EOS>
The film opens on an alcohol and drug-fueled joyride with boyfriend Ricky and two other friends.
Is intercut.
Ricky loses control  causing it to skid on its side before overturning and landing all his passengers in the hospital.
Foolishly attempting to drive closed and both hands off the steering wheel.
Once there  the presence in Susan s bloodstream is revealed  much to the shock of her parents and younger sister Kelly.
Frank attempts to question Susan.
She is treated and released.
What happened.
She tells him  supposedly not knowing the latter was actually methadrine  but emphasizes.
While headed  they were picked up by two guys who gave them the alcohol and drugs that she consumed.
She does nt use drugs.
Believing her apparent remorse to be sincere  Frank does nt punish her  but later begins to doubt the validity.
Sure enough  Frank s suspicions are confirmed.
When a search uncovers her hidden stash  which she claims to have been holding for a friend  when confronted about it.
Not believing this story either  he promptly grounds Susan.
Realizing  the Bowers later learn.
Their daughter is addicted.
Susan has been absent frequently for the past three months  and had been doctoring grades on the report cards she d shown them.
A visit proves of little help.
He merely characterizes Susan s drug problem  and blames Frank for being controlling and constraining  thus prompting her to rebel.
Things finally come.
When Susan runs away and is found two days later on the family s boat  getting high with Ricky and two other friends.
The next day  Frank and Helen tell Susan.
It would be better if she went in order to get away for a while.
However  Susan discovers.
It s really Dr Royce s aforementioned drug treatment program  where she is placed.
One key requirement is attending twice-weekly meetings.
Their families have the opportunity to confront them.
They attend  Helen is shocked to hear the story of a girl.
Who prostituted herself that Frank pull Susan from the program.
However  he refuses  insisting.
This is a wake-up call.
Meanwhile   Susan remains hostile towards all efforts to get her to open up and share her feelings  and later runs away.
Having no idea  Frank finally receives a phone call.
Where his daughter might be.
Who promises to turn her over in exchange for some liquid cocaine.
Once there  Ricky attempts to play hardball.
Frank steadfastly refuses to hand over the drugs.
He gets Susan back.
Desperate  Ricky finally relents and leads Frank to his daughter  Susan is angry and refuses to go back to the center.
Frank assures her.
He s going to take her home.
Afterwards  Ricky tells Frank.
He owes him something  to which Frank replies  and tosses the bag of drugs into a fire before Ricky can get his hands on it.
However   Frank brings Susan back to the center  promising to do so as many times.
It takes.
Angry and realizing  Susan finally breaks down and gradually begins opening up with the rest of the group.
She has returned.
What her life has come to.
She needs.
Subsequent parents only meeting also makes Frank finally realize that Susan s addiction was nt his fault and that she s getting the help.
Helen also has an awakening.
Susan s recent progress is considered.
It is questioned.
It is enough to go home  as she requested.
The subsequent parent-child meeting shows Frank admitting his initial denial  believing  but not his kid.
There was nothing he could nt fix and that he thought other kids did drugs.
Afterwards  Susan shares the good news  she runs triumphantly into the arms of her waiting family.
She is coming home  and as the residents  staff and parents cheer.
<EOS>
A film  about marriage  families  having babies  about tradition  and the modern world  about.
Who goes  and why girls are missing.
- Official.
Every year girls go missing  from school classrooms.
This film analyzes the stories and examines the causes and consequences of the high dropout rates among girls.
The stories are told directly.
Part I  Nadouba and Bintu.
Part II  Ethel and her mother.
Part III  Taz and Patricia.
Mary s Secondary School.
Also presented is a group.
<EOS>
The story centers.
Who visit the Skull City Mine roadside attraction.
Their plight turns against menaces both human and supernatural.
Together  Megan and Abby Graves become lost in a remote part of the Arizona desert.
Where they are lured.
However  Skull City is anything but abandoned.
There s no way out.
<EOS>
Takes place.
Winter Comes.
British Major Giles Burnside is assigned  his mission is to send the groups of displaced civilians to either the Russian or the American zone.
Burnside is a by-the-books commander but runs with the intertranslations of many different languages.
However   Janovic is willing to help.
He can speak many languages.
Janovic quickly conveys Burnsides s orders and helps the way station run smoothly.
Janovic runs with a lovely innkeeper  Maria.
But his love stops.
When he discovers her affair.
Meanwhile  Janovic is found to be a Russian deserter  and must be returned to be executed.
Burnside offers to help him escape.
Janovic ca nt decide.
Whether to trust his commander.
<EOS>
Eva faces immense tragedy.
Europe reels amidst the Second World War.
She struggles.
<EOS>
He is scheduled to perform a violin solo.
The kids win the game.
His expensive clothes are covered.
Spanky declares.
He and his pals are perfectly capable.
The result is a slapstick smorgasbord  culminating in a typically outsized Hal Roach traffic jam.
<EOS>
The film focuses.
The two reunite.
When Chris asks Adam to help him pretend to be Jewish so he can romance a woman so that he will never have to make another decision again.
<EOS>
Wilde   plays a professional guide leading a white man and his troupe through the African veldt during the colonial era.
Whose character is never named.
Some natives politely accost them  expecting to be bought off.
When the group intrudes.
The client refuses to offer anything and insults the natives  sending them away.
The guide advises his client to be courteous  warning they could give us a bad time.
Later  the tribe returns en masse  captures the entire party  and puts the captives  using various cruel and unusual methods.
One man is covered and roasted alive on a spit  another is tarred  feathered  and trussed  then chased and killed by all the women.
The man is trapped with a poisonous snake.
Who insulted the tribesmen.
Wilde s character is spared.
He is stripped naked and given a brief head start  then chased.
He eludes  and  after many days  returns to a colonial fort just seconds ahead of his pursuers.
The warriors  killing several  finds food and water.
The man turns and exchanges a salute.
He reaches safety.
There are a few scenes.
The story is violent.
The man is rescued.
He sings  they then attempt to sing each other s songs.
They walk along.
A nineteenth-century drinking song  Little Brown Jug  and the child sings a song.
The soundtrack consists  natural sounds  and occasional dialog  in English and otherwise.
There are no subtitles  incidental music is also mostly absent.
Five were cast together in the 1965 South African film Diamond Walkers.
<EOS>
A U.
S.
Navy enlisted and purchases a used car to travel in Corpus Christi  Texas.
Man  Elvis Valderez  is discharged.
Elvis arrives.
He watches his sermon and then follows him and his family  including his wife Twyla  son Paul and daughter Malerie  to their home.
Pastor Sandow confronts Elvis.
Who shows him a snapshot  with whom he had relations many years ago before becoming a Christian.
Pastor Sandow becomes agitated and tells Elvis.
He has a family now and is a popular member.
He tells Elvis to call him.
They can talk  though later tells his family that the young man simply wanted to become a member and to not associate with him.
Elvis moves in and gets a job as a pizza delivery man.
Having met Pastor Sandow s teenage daughter  he soon begins to pick her up from school and take walks at a local park.
Where they go.
They start a passionate affair and have sexual relations.
Meanwhile  Pastor Sandow s son Paul leads a high school movement.
Where he attempts to change the school s science curriculum to intelligent design  though his plans are rejected by the school board.
Disappointed  Paul   performs an intimate song before the congregation about his frustrations  the song being a cover of Sparklehorse s Sad and Beautiful World.
Who leads a Christian rock band.
Pastor Sandow severely chastises his son.
One evening  Elvis sneaks.
He leaves the house and is spotted by Paul.
They have sex.
He follows Elvis back and interrogates him about his affair with his sister.
Paul threatens to tell his father.
Elvis abruptly stabs Paul  killing him.
Elvis dumps Paul s body pond and returns Paul s car to the Sandow s house.
The next day the police are called to investigate Paul s disappearance.
The family becomes distraught.
Pastor Sandow believes.
Paul has run away.
Meanwhile  Elvis continues his affair.
She soon becomes pregnant.
Elvis takes Malerie.
Where he dumped Paul s body and reveals.
What happened.
Deeply  Malerie holds his hands.
They pray together and ask for forgiveness.
Pastor Sandow follows him to his motel.
Together  they drive.
Where he teaches Elvis to shoot.
He invites Elvis.
Where he sits.
Elvis explains to Malerie.
His arrival is because of his acceptance into her father s church.
Elvis soon moves  taking Paul s bedroom.
Pastor Sandow s wife Twyla walks out of the church  still distraught over Paul s disappearance and doubting the existence of God.
She walks and attempts suicide.
Elvis saves her.
Elvis begins to plant flowers.
Twyla compliments him  slowly accepting him into the family.
Malerie and Elvis continue to have sexual relations.
One Sunday  Pastor Sandow finally decides to make a confession.
He reveals.
Elvis is his illegitimate son  the product.
Malerie  sitting next  is stunned by the revelation and stares at him.
He will not meet her gaze.
Pastor Sandow asks Elvis to join him.
He is accepted.
Later  Elvis and Malerie are having lunch together.
Malerie is repulsed and distraught.
Elvis simply places a paper crown  We re going to hell.
When she says.
Elvis attempts to enter Malerie s room that night.
The door is locked.
The next day  Malerie embraces her mother.
Elvis  watching  is greeted by the hateful gaze of Twyla  suggesting.
She now knows their secret.
Pastor Sandow arrives.
A long camera shot eventually reveals Elvis placing the dead bodies of Malerie and Twyla on Pastor Sandow s bed.
Malerie is still breathing.
Elvis smothers her.
Elvis then sets fire.
Elvis drives to Pastor Sandow s church.
He walks into Pastor Sandow s office and says to him  I need to get right with God.
<EOS>
The actions once again take place.
This time  Chief Marshal Cruchot has discovered.
Aliens have arrived.
The aliens -- -- can duplicate the forms and are skilled in the ways of telekinesis  they promptly impersonate the policemen.
Are made.
Cruchot finds.
The only two ways to tell them apart are the fact that they drink oil and that  when struck  they make a sound similar.
Hilarity   ensues  especially  Cruchot is assumed to be mad.
When identities get mixed up.
<EOS>
Pitfall is set.
The film owes as much to surrealism.
It does.
The mine is divided into two pits  the old one and the new one  each represented by a different trade union faction.
A mysterious man   murders an unemployed miner.
Whose identity we never learn.
Who bears an uncanny resemblance at the old pit and bribes the only witness to frame the union leader of the new pit.
The two union leaders go to investigate only to come across the body of the witness.
Who has subsequently been killed.
They blame one another and begin a fight.
Ends. 
The film ends.
His mission is complete.
Pitfall shows us the realm of the dead as well as the living   powerless to intervene in events and bring the truth to light.
The ghosts look on.
<EOS>
Sukumari plays a key role.
Kuniyamma s son  Syed Ahmed  an idealistic teacher.
But he was accused to be jehad bomber  and was sentenced to death on charges of being an extremist.
This incident ruined her life.
Her life was never the same again.
The news shattered.
Nabisa and she loses her mental balance.
And then  she begins a search  not ready to face the reality.
Her son is dead.
Movie depicted the present kerala society.
<EOS>
The film begins.
The film s narrator  Pat Michaels  describes.
Robert Peary had a world of trouble reaching the North Pole.
He postulates.
Peary would have been amazed that that same pole he had such trouble reaching had become a major thoroughfare for civilian and military shipping.
The prologue ends.
When the film tells.
One is shown being destroyed by a mysterious undersea light.
The loss alarms the world.
Governments temporarily close the pole and convene an emergency meeting at The Pentagon.
Present is Commander Dan Wendover  the Captain of the atomic submarine Tigershark  and Nobel Prize winning scientist Sir Ian Hunt.
The United States Secretary leads the meeting.
He explains all.
Is known.
The Secretary then describes the high-tech capabilities.
These include a special hull and a mini-sub  the Lungfish.
Can be stored.
The Secretary finishes the meeting.
He is to take Hunt and the rest to find the cause of the ship sinkings and  if possible  eliminate it.
The next several scenes introduce the audience.
Also shown is.
A submarine gathers its crew together and sets sail.
Holloway is told.
He will be bunking.
He is thrilled.
Holloway believes.
His bunkmate is Dr Neilson Sr.
A scientist he reveres.
Holloway learns.
His bunkmate is instead Dr Carl Neilson Jr.
A pacifistic scientist he dislikes.
The scenes after that show day-to-day life.
The submariners do finally find the cause of the disasters  a saucer-shaped underwater craft with a strange light coming out of an eye-shaped window.
The window is located.
One  Dr Clifford Kent  briefly shows a photo of an Unidentified Flying Object taken from his days as a UFO investigator for the Air Force.
Investigaging such phenomena was his job.
The submariners began to realize.
Their quarry is an extraterrestrial lifeform.
Inspired  the crew nickname the spacecraft Cyclops.
Commander Wendover orders the submarine s most powerful torpedoes fired.
The torpedoes reach the saucer  but are stopped short by a gel-like extrusion from the saucer.
They do not explode.
The captain knows.
Dismayed. 
He has to do something to stop the ship sinkings  so he orders the Tigershark to ram the spacecraft.
The submarine s nose breaks and becomes trapped there.
Lieutenant Commander Holloway and Dr Neilson then lead a team and enter the spacecraft.
Once inside  Holloway and crew find dark hallways.
It is then.
Holloway gets his first telepathic message.
Holloway meets.
The creature face to face.
The alien proves its hostile intent by savagely killing the other members of the away team.
The creature further proves hostile.
It plans to bring several human specimens back and eventually return with more of its kind to take over the Earth.
Now realizing  Holloway attacks the alien.
He has a lot more to worry about than a few ship sinkings.
He races back and returns to the Tigershark with Dr Neilson.
The Tigershark then breaks away.
Holloway then tells Commander Wendover  Captain   the Earth and everyone is doomed.
That thing ever gets back.
The submariners remember.
Their weapons failed the first time that they were used.
They have an emergency meeting.
Where The Tigersharks group develop a plan to turn one of their ICBMs into a ground-to-air missile.
Their plan is carried out.
The Tigershark fires the missile and destroys the saucer and its occupant  thus saving the Earth.
When the saucer rises and attempts to return home.
Holloway and the young Neilson are reconciled  with the latter realizing.
His pacifism was no match.
<EOS>
A group go to a forest retreat.
They engage.
Eventually they get picked off.
Most are fogged.
Motion Picture Purgatory  Entrails.
<EOS>
Douglas plays a safe cracker.
Who has just been released.
His faithful and beautiful wife has waited.
He attempts.
What he plans to be one last burglary.
He calculates.
Even if unsuccessful  a prison sentence would be manageable.
However  he miscalculates.
When a building guard is killed.
He is led away.
His wife looks on.
<EOS>
The story begins  and shows her past life by means of a flashback.
She narrates the story.
Launches the flashback  Emma  well  looks into a mirror and remembers the face.
Who captured the imagination.
Her early life leads to her meeting with Sir William Hamilton  British ambassador to Naples.
Greville gives Emma.
Emma comes to respect Sir William.
Who marries her and explains the reasons.
Emma is soon deeply attracted and is impressed by his passionate insistence on resisting Napoleon s dictatorial rule.
When Horatio Nelson arrives.
She leaves Sir William to live.
Their idyllic life together is threatened.
Nelson leaves to confront Napoleon s navy.
She says.
Nothing remained.
<EOS>
The film begins in Cleveland  Ohio in.
The supervisor is Mr Gant.
Who welcomes a new worker  Lincoln Dombrowsky.
Gant tells him the job requirements and pay rules.
He ll be paid.
He still gets paid only.
He has to work overtime.
The cost comes directly out.
He drops any.
These are examples.
Later Dombrowsky drops a few carts.
Is taken out.
Johnny Kovak  another worker resentful  leads a riot.
Afterward  the workers go.
Kovak believes.
He negotiates a deal.
The next day he and his friend Abe Belkin are told.
They are fired.
Kovak and Belkin are approached.
Commiserating. 
Who saw Kovak s leadership.
He offers them positions.
They will be paid.
How many members they can recruit.
They reluctantly join.
Kovak tries to meet a woman  Anna Zarinka.
They begin to see each other.
He starts to gain some members.
Attracts attention.
They offer him a deal to join them and be a voice.
Kovak is physically attacked.
He continues to work.
Another leader.
I.
S.
T.
Max Graham  is known as a hothead.
He and Kovak compete.
Kovak and Abe begin working to get the F.
I.
S.
T.
Members covered by a labor agreement.
The F.
When management refuses to deal.
I.
S.
T.
Workers strike.
They set up camp  but are pushed out by strikebreakers and hired security.
Monahan tries to ram the gates  but is shot and killed.
Kovak decides to get some muscle and accepts help from Vince Doyle  a local gangster.
Doyle s men attack trucks trying to make deliveries.
Local mobsters and the members.
I.
S.
T.
Join forces to storm the gates.
The President of Consolidated Trucking signs a labor agreement.
Kovak and Abe travel throughout the Midwest to recruit more workers.
Kovak becomes wealthier and marries Anna.
A new crime figure  Babe Milano  comes and wants some piece of the action.
Kovak meets Milano and   decides.
Reluctant to involve him.
It will be best.
Twenty years later  F.
I.
S.
T.
Has become a large and important union.
He is displeased to see.
When Kovak visits Max Graham.
Luxurious the building and Graham s offices are.
Located  Belkin is still important in the union.
The latter tells him.
Kovak visits.
Graham has made money unethically.
Kovak finds.
Graham used his influence to steer union businesses and funds to shell companies owned.
The violent ways are shown by a physical assault against the wife of a trucking company owner.
Who resisted union organizing.
I.
S.
T.
Convention  a new union president is to be elected.
Kovak tells Belkin of Graham s criminal deeds.
Belkin encourages turning the man.
Disagreeing  Kovak is worried on the union.
He wants to protect.
Meeting  Kovak confronts him and suggests.
He quit his run to support Kovak.
Elected president.
I.
S.
T.
Kovak is investigated.
Who suspects the labor leader.
He urges the president to cut off Milano and make the union clean again.
When Belkin visits Kovak again.
Kovak ignores his request.
Doyle later tells Kovak.
Belkin will testify.
Kovak insists.
Abe be protected.
Called to testify in a hearing led by Senator Madison  Kovak is told.
The senator believes.
Kovak is responsible.
Shocked  Kovak has an emotional outburst and storms.
That night  he finds.
When he returns home.
Anna and his children are missing.
He gets his pistol but is shot and killed.
They feared.
Kovak would cut the mob out and testify.
The movie ends on a truck  .
Reads. 
Where s Johnny.
<EOS>
The film has Sivaji Ganesan portarying three roles  an in secured father  a timid son and an angst-ridden twin brother.
Sivaji Ganesan  a lawyer gets married to Pandari Bai.
The couple lead.
A happy life and Pandari Bai gives birth  a son with a scarred face like his father and a brother.
Their father unable to tolerate his eldest son s face leaves him and tells his wife.
The first child is dead.
The father becomes a justice and his younger son  a happy-go-lucky college-going timid son falls with Jayalalithaa.
Years pass.
The elder son comes to know about his family and tries to meet his mother and brother.
He is asked not to reveal his identity to them.
M.
N.
Nambiar  a man once punished kidnaps the younger son.
Order to take revenge.
The elder son rescues his brother  killing M.
N.
Nambiar and also gets killed  dying.
This film was the first Tamil film recommended.
<EOS>
The story concerns a veteran playboy screenwriter named Richard Benson.
Who has been paid to write a screenplay.
Overly confident  he puts off writing the screenplay until.
Two days before it is due.
Gabrielle Simpson  a temp secretary hired to type the script  comes to Richard s hotel room.
Where they are to spend the weekend.
Richard and Gabrielle come up.
Who Stole the Eiffel Tower.
So does the romance.
The script unfolds.
<EOS>
An actor is killed.
Critic Tony Woolrich is attending.
Initially Woolrich is reluctant to investigate.
Though he s encouraged by his friend Romeo  who is also the taxi driver who brought him to the show  and acts as a sort of sidekick throughout the story.
Later Tony is chewed out for not investigating  and so he takes an initially reluctant interest.
When he happened to be.
Tony becomes more involved.
When there is another murder  and when Claudia Moore  the girl he loves  is suspected  and is also possibly threatened.
<EOS>
Billy Heywood is preteen son.
Billy s grandfather is Thomas Heywood  owner.
They are a last-place team.
Billy and his grandfather love each other  the Twins  and the game.
It is revealed.
When the grandfather dies.
He wants Billy to inherit the franchise.
He has specified.
If Billy is still a minor  Thomas Heywood s aides are to help him along until Billy is old enough to run the team.
Billy quickly runs afoul.
Billy believes.
He is too hard.
OFarrell despises the idea.
Billy fires him.
He insults Billy and tells him to butt out.
There is considerable difficulty finding another manager to replace OFarrell.
No one particularly wants to work.
Billy therefore decides to name himself the new manager  It s the American League.
One points out.
The team quickly moves up.
Unfortunately  not all is going smoothly.
His friend and star first baseman Lou Collins takes a romantic interest.
Billy picks up bad habits  and is even ejected from a game and given a one game suspension by his mother for swearing at an umpire.
He also must release his personal favorite Twins player  Jerry Johnson.
Who is clearly.
He ends up making he owns Jerry s baseball card and would nt give it up.
Jerry feel even worse when Billy immaturely tries to illustrate his own distress.
The pressures.
Also fulfilling his other responsibilities.
Billy s friends do not like.
Billy s managerial responsibilities are keeping him.
He is typically distracted.
When he s physically present.
Lou goes him  sending the Twins into a losing skid.
Billy later tells his mom.
He s tired and decides to quit as manager after the end of the season  even reinstating Lou to starter on first base.
The Twins win.
All four and the first place Seattle Mariners lose all four to force a one game playoff to determine the wild card.
The Twins face Ken Griffey  Jr.
And the Seattle Mariners  on the line.
Lou tells Billy.
He asked his mom to marry him.
He says.
Her reply was to ask Billy.
Billy says  he will give the marriage his OK.
Lou hits a homer.
It appears.
It s as good.
The Twins lose the big game thanks taking away Lou s home run by way of a spectacular catch.
Billy officially tells the players.
He is stepping down  with pitching coach Mac Macnally taking his place as well as bringing back Jerry to be the new hitting coach.
Billy relents and gives Lou his blessing to marry his mom.
Billy reassures all the players.
He will still be the owner  and says that he might come back if junior high does nt work out.
He and the rest then receive a standing ovation from everyone in the Hubert H.
Humphrey Metrodome.
<EOS>
Arthur Goldman is Jewish and a Nazi death camp survivor.
Now a rich industrialist  he lives.
He banters  often shocking him with his outrageousness and irreverence about aspects of Jewish life.
One day  Israeli secret agents kidnap Goldman and take him on charges of being a Nazi war criminal.
Goldman s trial forces his accusers to face not only his presumed guilt  but their own as well.
It appears.
Goldman falsified the dental records which the Israelis used to identify him to bring about the trial.
Goldman is left standing.
When the deception is revealed.
The stress shatters his mental health.
He becomes catatonic.
He then relives a Nazi firing squad execution and dies.
<EOS>
The film s setting begins.
90-year-old Julius Bedford tells young Jim the story.
He relates.
When he was a young man  he met Professor Cavor and learned that Cavor had invented ` Cavorite   a substance that blocked the force of gravity.
He tells.
He encouraged Cavor to think his invention might bring  and how the two worked together to build a cast iron sphere that would fly them to the moon.
The crew mention spacesuits being.
These spacesuits are never seen or described or used.
No spacesuits are used.
The Moon has a breathable atmosphere.
Who throw nets and knock them out with sticks.
Bedford kills some Selenites when they try to force him over a narrow bridge.
Cavor decides to remain behind to give Bedford time to reach the spacecraft.
Bedford almost crashes the spacecraft  but escapes and lands close to home at West Wittering.
However  his hopes are dashed -- Bedford does not know and so can not produce another craft.
When the passer-by Chessocks accidentally takes off.
To produce Cavorite.
Cavor remains and teaches the Selenites the English language as well as some of mankind s history and the recipe for Cavorite.
The Selenites determine and decide to use Cavorite to make a pre-emptive strike.
Mankind is a threat.
Communicating his intentions beforehand by wireless  in an act of desperation Cavor releases the Cavorite and thus evacuates all air from the Moon s surface.
The Selenites are producing.
This renders it a truly barren world ready to be rediscovered.
The final shot reveals a Selenite observing the Apollo 11 landing.
The film ends.
Who played Cavor and who died in.
<EOS>
Lok is now holding his position.
A new chairman election nears.
His two-year term expires.
Lok contemplates breaking tradition  attempting to seek.
Jimmy is trying to escape Wo Shing by building a legitimate business empire in mainland China.
The section chief forbids him to re-enter the mainland to do business.
When he is arrested for the building of a new logisitics center and highway.
He becomes Wo Shing s next chairman.
Reluctant  but forced to accept the reality  Jimmy enters  with Jet and Kun also seeking the chairman position.
He can never truly exit the triads.
Lok first negotiates  claiming Wo Shing s Uncles will support Kun  so long.
They team up.
Kun then kidnaps and places Jimmy s financial supporter Mr Kwok.
As to eliminate the competition.
Lok also asks Jet to asssassinate Jimmy  also claiming.
The Uncles will support Jet.
Unfortunately  Jet does not complete the assassination.
Kun killed.
Jimmy is dead.
Mr So  having been similarly arrested ring  allies with Jimmy to see to his election as chairman.
Meanwhile  Lok hides the Dragon Head Baton  the symbol  in mainland China  hoping to reassert his power  then outright kills Uncle Teng Wai  after Teng blasts Lok for breaking Wo Shing tradition.
Seeing the corruption and civil war escalating  Jimmy kidnaps Lok s lieutenants and bribes.
Them to work.
Jimmy s nomination is successful.
He wins the election.
Back  the section chief congratulates Jimmy for winning and hands the Dragon Head Baton Lok hid.
However  the Security Bureau is tired.
This will not happen again  the section chief orders Jimmy to become Wo Shing s chairman permanently  establishing the society as a family enterprise.
The furious Jimmy can not believe these turn  hoping  he can finally go clean.
His two-year term expires.
Whom he sent.
Jimmy embraces her hiding both fear and horror.
He wants no part.
<EOS>
Hua Mulan  the heroine  is a young maiden.
Who lives during the Northern Wei dynasty.
Her father is called by the Emperor.
When China is invaded.
Mulan dons her father s old armor and takes his place in the army.
The feminine Mulan is teased and harassed by other draftees to the ground.
Who she promptly beats one.
Admonishing them to unite together  she reminds them.
The true enemy are the nomads invading their country.
She meets with Liu Fendou.
Who becomes her loyal friend.
The two feel a natural attraction.
If Liu is unsure why.
These scenes therefore provide some comic relief and romantic intrigue.
Eventually Mulan is set.
Where she meets.
The advisor to the general pushes for collaboration.
Mulan disgusted  dresses.
When she learns that an attack is imminent.
Returning  her warnings are ignored by the general to disastrous results.
The General is killed  but not.
When the attack finally happens.
Mulan regroups the Chinese forces and defeats the nomads.
Herself kills the General s erstwhile advisor.
Returning  Mulan is offered a position in the Emperor s court.
She turns the position down  asking only to return.
Returning  she marries Liu Fendou.
<EOS>
The Munim lives with his son  Kaushal and daughter  Madhavi.
Ranimaa brings up both children  along with her only son  Rajesh.
He passes away.
Years later  Rajesh has grown up and is.
He meets in love with each other.
Shortly thereafter   Kaushal passes away  leaving behind a devastated Madhavi  Rajesh   and Ranimaa.
Who blames himself.
A few months later  Rajesh gets married.
She moves in.
Bhanu dislikes Madhavi and would like her out  she goes to the extent of accusing her of having an affair with her husband.
Madhavi goes to kill herself  and is rescued by a young man named Moti.
Rajesh likes Moti and would like him to marry Madhavi.
Which he agrees.
Madhavi bids adieu to Ranimaa  and Rajesh  and moves in with Moti.
It looks pan.
She has been dumped.
<EOS>
An American brother and sister  Bob and Kathy Prince  have come to manage a cattle station owned by their father Bob.
Bob is prejudiced.
He refuses to let stockman Johnny attend Billy Graham s 1959 crusade.
However Johnny is fatally gored after saving Bob from being attacked by a bull.
Bob overcomes his prejudice.
<EOS>
The film follows the lives.
Of whom are connected.
Brooklyn Cigar Co.
Was located.
The film was followed in the Face  a sequel of sorts and introduces several new ones.
Continues. 
<EOS>
The film begins during a wedding.
When it is interrupted.
The earthquake uncovers the Luna Temple  built to house his most prized treasures.
Treasures is a glowing orb with a pattern resembling a code etched into it.
Lara finds this orb.
It is stolen.
Lara only just manages to escape.
Her two companions are killed.
Lara is tasked to find Pandora s Box  an object from ancient legends.
Supposedly contains a deadly plague  before Nobel Prize-winning scientist turned bio-terrorist Jonathan Reiss can get his hands.
The key   is a magical luminous sphere.
Is hidden.
Serves. 
To help her track  Lara recruits an old lover  Terry Sheridan  a former mercenary and Royal Marine.
Who was.
Sequences are Lara and Terry s entry into China  a fight scene in suburban Shanghai  and a leap off the then-under-construction International Finance Centre skyscraper in Hong Kong  using special winged flight-suits  landing on a ship out in the Kowloon Bay after taking the Orb from Reiss.
Take place.
Terry had arranged.
It is revealed.
The medallion shows how to unlock the information  a certain arrangement of musical sounds.
Meanwhile  Lara and Terry begin to fall again.
Lara starts to back away  knowing.
She could easily kill him if he betrays her.
She seduces him one morning  then leaves him handcuffed  saying.
I m not leaving because I ca nt kill you  I m leaving because I could.
Lara finds her way.
Where a Chinese family is watching Spongebob cartoons when Lara asks to use their satellite to communicate.
Bryce sends Lara the file.
She uses.
The sounds make the The Orb reveal the location.
Lara sends this info to Bryce back.
It is revealed.
Reiss and his men had infiltrated the mansion and captured Bryce and James Hilly Hillary.
Lara meets up  an African friend.
Who serves as they obtain the information from a local tribe about the Cradle of Life.
Kosa translates  stating.
The Cradle is in a crater protected by the Shadow Guardians.
Lara  Kosa  and the tribesmen are ambushed by Reiss  soldiers.
The expedition sets out.
More tribesmen are killed with some of the soldiers being killed by Lara in the fight.
The fight ends.
Reiss  helicopter started to land.
Reiss and Sean threaten to kill Bryce  Hillary  and Kosa and his Tribeman.
Lara leads him.
They encounter the Shadow Guardians  humanoid creatures and vanish into wet patches on dead trees.
Kill immediately when they sense a movement.
The wet patching being the blood.
Sean and most are killed by the creatures.
The Guardians fall.
When Lara drops the Orb.
Both Lara and Reiss are drawn  a labyrinthine cavern made of some strange crystalline substance  racked by bolts of energy  direction meaningless.
Where ` sky and earth are one.
There is a pool of highly corrosive black acid.
Which holds the box and where the laws do not apply.
Lara and Reiss are able to walk along the ceiling.
Terry arrives  frees Reiss  captives  and catches up.
Reiss is knocked into the acid pool by Lara.
He is distracted  killing and dissolving him.
Terry attempts to take the box for finding it  but she staunchly refuses to let him  knowing the danger.
When the couple tries to leave.
The box were ever open.
This results in Lara being forced to fatally shoot him in.
After Terry draws his own gun preparing to shoot Lara.
Lara is tempted to open the box herself  but realises.
Some artifacts are not meant to be found.
Placing the box back  she leaves  giving the medallion key to the tribe leader.
Lara and Kosa leave the village  along.
Who were being prepared.
The film ends.
<EOS>
A young girl suddenly finds herself wealthy.
Lacking. 
She calls from a wealthy family for help.
<EOS>
Su Fen  a young and frail girl  looked forward with her fiance  Li.
The happy couple s bliss was cut short.
When war broke out.
Kuo-liang was summoned to fight.
Su Fen discovered.
She had tuberculosis.
This did not please her.
Who was looking to bear sons to continue the family name.
She forced Su Fen to divorce her son and leave.
He was angry and still loved Su Fen very much.
When Kuo-liang returned.
He went to look and was prevented from seeing her by her furious father.
He swore his undying love for Su Fen  vowing never to marry another and left to return to the front lines.
Su Fen suffered a lapse.
Months passed.
Kuo-liang returned.
However  her father had brought her out.
Incidentally  Su Fen was returning that day and saw him.
Both their trains left and arrived respectively.
Su Fen s illness took a turn for the worse.
Kuo-liang took a serious injury.
The war drew.
Left him.
He visited Su Fen once more.
<EOS>
Vijayshanti was the wife.
The city life was always disrupted.
These criminals humuliate Vijayshanti by showing her nude on the street.
When she refuses to have sex.
Her husband remains helpless.
They may face if they went to court for justice.
Meanwhile the leader gets elected to the legislative assembly and arranges an open meeting to celebrate his election.
Vijayshanti kills the villain in that open meeting.
<EOS>
Chiranjeevi plays an archeologist Krishna.
Who comes.
His friend Vikram was killed.
He saves Kanakaraju and three other villagers from dying.
They become his friend and also treat him.
Meanwhile Radhika  a village belle  falls and forces him to marry her.
She successfully enerts the role.
When Krishna refuses.
Krishna later learns.
Kanakraju was.
Forms the interesting climax.
Krishna plans and exposes Kanakaraju s reality.
<EOS>
Kunjunni  a blacksmith saves an orphan named Maya.
Soon they falls with each other.
<EOS>
Lonely Joe revolves.
Who returns 10 years after the mysterious murder of her younger brother to investigate and find out what actually happened several years ago.
However   she finds herself feeling.
After Michele discovers a trail.
If she is part she is investigating.
<EOS>
Ganesan has the job.
His high-energy people-gathering tactics are considered the reason on the bus.
He earns commission from the owner of the bus service.
Ganesan is pursued.
Who dreams.
Kousalya  the daughter  slowly falls for him after seeing his goodheartedness.
But she is shocked.
When she sees him being accused  as being responsible for destroying her life and killing her brother.
The crux is.
Who he is going to be united.
<EOS>
Six friends reunite.
<EOS>
A Grinch-like thief retreats.
A con goes bad and gets.
Their parents can make it home.
She spends most.
The spirit can help put her priorities back on track.
<EOS>
Rick Jarmin helped convict a drug dealing FBI agent named Eugene Sorenson and was placed.
15 years later his former fiance Marianne Graves crosses paths at a gas station in Detroit  Michigan.
Rick refuses to recognize Marianne.
The witness protection program does not allow contact.
It may lead finding and killing him.
She recognizes him.
Sorenson has been let out after serving his sentence and with his partner Albert Diggs.
They are out to kill Rick to smooth the passage of their latest deal with some Columbian drug dealers.
Marianne has blown Rick s cover.
He makes a frantic call only to discover.
His old contact has retired.
His new contact  Joe Weyburn  is.
They are surprised.
As Marianne prepares to confront Rick.
Who show up.
They kill Rick s kindly old boss.
Who are forced to go.
The climax takes place at a zoo.
Where Sorenson and his men get killed.
Meanwhile  Rick   makes a promise to Marianne.
Who suffered a gunshot wound.
He wants to marry her.
He does.
The two enjoy a vacation in the Caribbean.
<EOS>
Ralph Frawley is arrested for rabbit poaching and transported to Van Diemen s Land as a convict.
Heis assigned to a settler and falls in love with the daughter of the house.
He marries her.
He is sent back to serve the rest of his term.
When this is revealed.
He escapes and swims to freedom.
He turns to bushranging and robs the mail coach.
He is saved during a fight with police.
His wife has died.
<EOS>
Boxer Zack Gomes is informed by a doctor.
He has sustained a partially detached retina.
He may risk permanent blindness.
He receive another hit.
He overhears the receptionist talking about MMA while viewing the website for an upcoming underground event known as The Beatdown.
Talented MMA fighter Tim Newhouse struggles to help his family.
When they are.
Former high school wrestler Mike Stokes is the new kid with issues involving his father leaving his mother for a man.
Comic book store clerk Justin Epstein is walking home.
When he is run down and cut.
However  he is saved Case Walker.
Who are training.
Mike gets kicked off the college wrestling team and knocking out a teammate.
Who made degrading comments.
Afterwards  he goes to see Max Cooperman.
Who had previously contacted him.
Mike meets Zack with both taking an instant disliking to each other.
They brawl for a bit.
Max tells them.
While they are good  they need to get better.
Max proceeds to refer them.
Who is described.
They find Case.
Where Tim and Justin are already training.
Case is at first reluctant to train either  but he states.
They must follow his orders.
A few weeks get into an argument over their reasons for training and deserving to be there more  the worst of it being Justin and Zack hurting each other physically  leaving them to settle it themselves.
Max goes and offers him the chance to make some money and at the same time  help him promote the Beatdown.
Later on  Case is harassed.
Who threaten him.
The team builds a new gym.
Where they can train and hold the Beatdown tournament.
Danger strikes.
When Justin snaps  goes rogue and decides to not only attack his personal enemies but also the group itself by framing their mentor and setting him up to go to jail.
The rest find out and decide to band together and take on Justin at the Beatdown to avenge their mentor.
What has happened.
It comes down to only one of them versus their own.
Mike defeats Zack.
Justin injures Tim - thus eliminating him from the tournament.
Mike engages Justin in a grueling fight.
He wins.
Justin attempts to retaliate.
Mike counters punch to the face.
He finally calls his father and ask him to go out.
Mike and his girlfriend Eve celebrate his win.
They have a lot to talk about.
Case gets a call and confirms his return to MMA.
<EOS>
Maya is a perfect mother.
Her life revolves.
Maya has ensured.
Everything runs smoothly and that they continue to remain a happy family unit.
However   the situation immediately takes an unexpected turn.
When Shreya -- a career oriented woman who has a lot to learn -- joins the family.
She accidentally drops Anjali s cake - this causes the kids.
When Aman introduces his girlfriend.
The next day  Aman tells Shreya to babysit the three kids.
Maya is out.
A wrong size dress turns up with a chance of disqualification.
Aleya tells her siblings.
When Shreya goes to get ice cream.
She is using them so she can take their dad away  soon after Anjali goes missing.
Anjali is found.
Shreya is told.
She can not go unless she has Maya s permission.
Several days later  Maya finds out - this prompts him to move back.
She has cervical cancer and tells Aman.
However   Aleya retaliates.
When Maya tells the kids that she has cancer.
Maya tells Shreya.
She has cancer.
Shreya agrees to move in and leaves her career.
The kids develop an attachment towards Shreya.
It is discovered.
When Maya and Shreya have a fight.
Shreya was an orphan since she was six months old.
Aman tells Maya.
They should not be competing.
Maya faints and ends up in the hospital and the doctor tells her.
She has only few days left to live.
Shreya decides to take care.
Aman is.
Shreya and Maya have a private conversation.
When Shreya and the kids come to visit Maya.
Shreya finally admits.
The kids still need her.
She also tells Shreya.
When Maya gives guardianship to look after the kids after her death.
Almost killed Anjali when she was three.
Maya explains.
Not every mom is perfect.
She needs to keep trying.
Maya tells Aman.
She wants to come home as a last day to see her home before she dies.
She comes home.
The kids make a special event.
They had together.
Maya asks Shreya to join them.
When they take a family photograph.
She is now family.
Ten years later we see Aleya getting married.
Shreya gives her a bracelet.
Belonged to Maya.
<EOS>
The film is a thriller.
<EOS>
Born  Yordan lives with his family in the nearby town.
Filled he takes every opportunity  traveling usually by his bicycle  to visit the more and more depopulated village.
And his life passes.
S how  mounted.
He meets the newly appointed young pharmacist Maglena.
She is accommodated.
Little Yordan falls in love with her.
Burning he starts persuading managers and colleagues  in the factory.
Where he works  to move one to the village of Yugla.
He dreams.
The far-off days can be born anew.
He believes.
The young people will come back.
But his nostalgia is not understood.
No one follows him.
Moreover  he becomes gradually aware.
Maglena  his new love  is.
He finally understands.
The only things remaining are the bicycle and loneliness.
<EOS>
Shibnath is a freedom fighter.
The film starts.
When   Shibnath is released from prison after eleven years of incarceration for murdering a British officer.
Shibnath spent a part in the prison asylum.
Shibnath is accompanied by one of his comrades  Bipin -- now a successful businessman and an aspiring politician.
Shibnath experiences the aftermath  with his own family becoming refugees  and his old village now belonging to a separate nation.
Shibnath s wife  Hemangini  urges him to make ally.
Who is willing to capitalize.
Bipin is ready to arrange Shibnath the job of a school master.
However  Shibnath remains disillusioned and mystified.
Now lies away from his beloved -- and irretrievably lost -- homeland.
Unable to abandon his crushed idealism and put his devastated past  he withdraws further away from family and former colleagues  retreating into the tenuous company of his own fractured and haunted memories.
<EOS>
Seth is one.
Who watch over humans and protect them.
Seth s main responsibility is to appear.
Who are close.
Seth and one of his fellow angels  Cassiel  like to ask people.
What their favorite thing was.
But  they appear to have trouble understanding human beings and their ways.
Seth is impressed to save the ill-fated man s life and her sincere anguish at her failure to do so.
Waiting to escort a man who will not survive heart surgery.
Seth soon becomes preoccupied and decides to become visible to her despite his obvious inability to give her many convincing details about himself  such as.
What he does.
They develop a friendship.
Soon turns  although Maggie is already involved with one of her colleagues  Jordan Ferris  at the hospital.
Seth then meets Nathaniel Messinger  one.
Who can sense Seth s presence and that.
Nathaniel soon relates to Seth but   decided to become human through the process.
He  too  had once been an angel.
He refers.
Seth begins to consider exercising this option.
That he can be in a fully physical and emotional relationship.
She finds herself having to choose.
When Maggie receives a marriage proposal.
Having realized  Maggie finally confronts him and demands to know who or.
Seth is impervious.
What he really is.
She is unable to accept the revelation and sends him away.
Maggie later talks with Nathaniel.
Who gradually reveals his own angelic origin.
He explains.
He himself chose to become human and points out that Seth is thinking.
Seth decides to become human.
Immediately  he starts to experience all of the human feelings and sensations.
He had never been able to understand.
Seth s personality and emotions  like those of all the other angels  have been very subdued.
That starts to change.
Now human  Seth has to find his way to see Maggie.
He is told.
She has gone for a break.
Penniless and naive  he can not pay and ends up getting mugged.
Having his boots taken by a gang of roving predators.
He eventually hitches a ride and appears  soaked and cold  at Maggie s doorstep.
Seeing the split lip and condensed breath coming  Maggie realizes.
He has given up his exalted status.
She sees and then they enjoy warm  passionate lovemaking at last.
The next morning   Maggie rides her bike to buy some pears for him.
Seth is  enjoying his first sensation of running hot water on his body.
She rides her bike with her eyes closed.
Her arms wide open.
Her happiness is cut short.
Catches her when it pulls out in front of her.
Seth senses and runs.
Maggie is.
He arrives to tell him.
She sees the angel who has come to escort her away.
He knows and begs Maggie not to look.
Seth is no longer able to see the angels.
They are there.
Maggie tells him.
She is not afraid anymore and that when they will ask her what her favorite thing used to be  she will say it was Seth.
Seth now is experiencing the human side.
He questions.
He is being punished.
Now grieving.
Alone  Seth is visited.
Cassiel offers comfort and asks Seth.
He knew this would happen  would he still decide to become human.
Seth answers  Seth mourns and begins a difficult adjustment to his new life.
The final scene recalls an earlier one.
It shows Seth.
Where the angels meet every day to listen to the celestial music.
Seth expresses his joy in being human and the fact.
He has come by running into the water and playing in the waves.
Cassiel is seen laughing joyfully for his old friend.
<EOS>
A group is marching through the baking hot desert  led by a captain.
Who demands rigid discipline.
One at a time  the men fall victim with irregular troops.
<EOS>
Naina is a chivalrous girl.
She comes.
Who always looks.
He doesnt.
Want to happen something as it is.
He looks.
He could not work.
He feels that the kick is missing.
Naina s sister tells her.
She is.
She tries to spoil the alliance.
Naina knows very well.
Kalyan falls with Naina.
However  neither Kalyan nor Naina admits.
They are.
Both pretend but they have liking against each other.
One hates another.
Once  Naina tells Kalyan.
She likes him and they become good friends.
Kalyan tells her.
She is working.
He resigns it.
One fine day  Naina comes to know.
Kalyan is lying.
This irks Naina.
She chides him.
She tells Kalyan.
She loves him and at the same time hates him.
Naina leaves for Malaysia.
Where her parents are staying.
One day  Naina s father brings an alliance.
The boy Kalyan Krishna is a sincere police officer.
Naina s father arranges the encounter.
Naina reveals all her friendship and love story.
The latter gets very impressed and agrees to marry her.
Kalyan Krishna reaches Malaysia in search of a thief.
Who robbed bigwigs worth crores.
Kalyan Krishna realizes.
The thief is very intelligent and is doing everything.
Kalyan Krishna learns.
Kalyan reached Malaysia given by the latter.
Kalyan calls Kalyan Krishna and challenges him.
He is going to rob huge money  which is unaccounted and is being invested in a foreign firm.
Again he challenges.
He is going to rob huge party fund  which is about to be circulated and successfully completes the same.
Kalyan s father reveals the flashback to Naina.
His son is doing all those robberies to help hapless children  who are suffering.
There is another twist.
The defense minister appoints Kalyan to nab the thief.
Kalyan completes his mission and helps several destitute children and re unites with Naina.
<EOS>
Amitz Dolniker  an aging Israeli Parliament member known  is told.
He needs to take a break after he collapses during a speech.
Fainting  he starts out to spend some weeks in a far-away  backward Israeli village.
Has little contact.
The farmers  bucolic and carefree life repels him.
Then he decides to introduce some order.
Dolniker hires a local horse and buggy and puts it  declaring him village head de facto.
None agree to become the village head.
The barber objects  but used to the perks.
He becomes.
Come along.
This leads.
Who think themselves equally worthy.
He suggests an election to determine the leader.
The result  however  bears no resemblance.
He is used to.
Dolniker finds himself entangled  taxes imposed on 3-door closets  corruption  petty bureaucracy  and a ruination of the simple way of life.
The village once knew.
Dolniker comes back  mildly laughing about himself.
<EOS>
Raju an orphan youngster brought up.
He falls with Riya Roy  the daughter of business tycoon Mahendra Roy.
They meet.
They full madly.
Raju arrives.
Mahendra Roy already zeroes in.
Raju gets success by associating with Riya s joint family.
But the conservative  chauvinist and patriarchal Mahendra Roy shifts bad and constantly sends negative vibes.
The spoilt brat Dhiman takes Riya to a pub and insults her to get bitten up by an avenging Raju.
Mahendra Roy expels Raju from his house.
Raju meanwhile reveals.
His elder brother Apurva who has become insane incidentally loved Riya s elder sister and Mahendra s elder daughter Priya.
Mahendra understands Dhiman s nature and the lovers unite gleefully.
<EOS>
Cyril and Waldo   have both returned in search of the same woman with.
Who are British and American  respectively.
Whom they each had a rendezvous.
Cyril is accompanied.
Waldo has his petty daughter and her henpecked husband.
The two groups encounter one another  and find common ground in old sorrows.
They meet the recently widowed Lisa.
Who has come.
<EOS>
Somebody is killing cheerleaders.
A Royal Canadian Mountie named.
Cooper tries to solve the case.
<EOS>
Minni is a young girl.
Who lives off her father Bhatti s money and wealth.
She hates the term marriage  however is still being forced to get married.
Viren is a hard-working simpleton.
Who dreams.
He currently works.
Bhatti sells off all his rickshaws.
60000 drinks alcohol to the fullest to drown his sorrows.
Viren lands up at Bhatti s doorstep demanding his money back.
Mini s engagement is.
An argument ensues and Viren lays his hands.
Viren tells Bhatti.
He is going to count.
He is going to shoot him.
Viren counts but misses.
He was drunk.
The cause made a distraction.
Mini and Viren escape.
Mini seizes the opportunity of cancelling her marriage and forces Viren to kidnap her and makes him drive them off in the waiting vehicle.
The spunky Mini makes a deal.
He will follow her instructions and will demand a ransom from her father.
He can then have his Rs.
She will keep the rest.
She does not want to go back home and get married.
The couple enter and try to make ends meet.
The ransom letter goes.
They fall in love and are happy being with each other.
The story takes a twist and starts firing  hoping to take Mini back.
When Mini s fiance Sunny along comes to pay the ransom amount but actually fools them.
Suddenly  Mini and Viren are kidnapped and taken away to the Chowdhary s haveli.
Chowdhary is a notorious kidnapping kingpin.
Who makes a living out.
Some never-ending torture drama will unfold  we discover.
Viren alias Chotu is Chowdhary s son.
Disapproving  Viren has left home six years ago to work in Patiala as a rickshaw driver.
The story unfolds and leads.
Mini s marriage day comes.
Viren has a conversation and after that he and Mini are married.
Mini finally realizes.
They both live happily.
<EOS>
Don Diego de la Vega s son  Cesar  is finishing his education.
He accidentally clips off the feather shako.
Cesar is showing off to friends his remarkable prowess.
Sebastian is unforgiving.
Cesar apologizes immediately.
Their duel is interrupted.
Trapped  certain to be gored by the bull  Sebastian is saved at the last minute by Cesar.
This further infuriates him.
The action is observed  she requests Cesar s company immediately.
Another friend  Don Fabrique Borusta  offers to bring him to Her Majesty.
Meanwhile  Cesar encounters Dolores  daughter  General de Muro.
She poses.
It is love.
But Sebastian   has set his sights  and is determined to win her.
Who comes.
Later  the Archduke invites Cesar to paint the town.
The Archduke offends the patrons  all seeming ruffians  by flirting with the dancer.
Sebastian contrives his and the Duke s escape  but locks Cesar to defend himself against the cutthroats.
Takes them away.
He has a meeting.
The Archduke invites himself along.
The Archduke sees Dolores serenaded.
Sebastian asks the General.
Who escaped and even acquired a guitar.
Seeing the reactions  the Archduke knows.
Cesar has won Dolores s heart.
Don Fabrique has designs.
Penniless. 
He glues together a discarded invitation  and crashes the party.
Cesar and Sebastian sit on either side of Dolores  both seeming frustrated in their efforts to woo her.
The Archduke summons her.
Cesar becomes jealous and goes to confront him.
When Cesar sees the Archduke caress Dolores s cheek.
But the Archduke assures him.
He is working  and proves it by dragging Sebastian to another room to play cards while Cesar and Dolores dance together.
Cesar pulls Dolores.
Fabrique sees them   Fabrique believes.
When the pair are interrupted.
They are about to be betrothed.
The Archduke declares.
Sebastian is as unlucky as he is in love.
Franque tiptoes in  and tells the Archduke  surely they will be married now.
He saw Cesar and Dolores kissing.
The Archduke summons Cesar to congratulate him.
Cesar is offended  and learns.
When he enters.
The source was Fabrique.
Such bad manners should not go unpunished.
He informs the Archduke.
Someone here does nt belong  and asks if he should remove him.
Archduke Paul nods.
Cesar pulls Fabrique by tugging his nose.
The Archduke continues to taunt Sebastian  a foolish move.
When Sebastian  enraged  pulls his sword and stabs the Archduke.
He realizes what he has done.
He hides.
When Cesar  hearing something  enters  then strikes Cesar unconscious.
He frames him  then casually leaves.
The Archduke pulls a playing card off the table and writes on it  Sebastian assassinated me.
Archduke Paul.
Fabrique enters  finds Cesar unconscious  finds the playing card and  miffed  takes it.
Shortly thereafter he confronts Sebastian  to be appointed Civil Governor.
Both stand his immediate execution to prevent an international incident.
But General de Muro offers Cesar a gentleman s way out.
Cesar pretends to stab himself and falls below the castle.
Months pass  in the ruins of the old family castle.
He pretends to be Don Q .
A trick must be answered.
Fabrique has even taken.
Maidservant Lola  seeing  runs to tell Cesar.
Sebastian behaves.
Although gossip says they are close friends  Sebastian is afraid of Fabrique.
This will prove the leverage.
Cesar needs to establish his innocence.
Dolores is pushed to marry Sebastian.
Cesar appears.
As she is about to sign the marriage contract.
He is alive.
The best man  that one-eyed ferret  Colonel Matsado.
To find him.
But  Cesar waylays him  steals his uniform  and impersonates him.
When Matsado stops into the city.
Then convinces Fabrique to accompany him.
As Matsado pretends to beat his old manservant Robledo for information on Cesar s whereabouts.
Where Cesar has been living these past months.
There he is determined to find.
What hold Fabrique has.
Sebastian and the real Matsado track Cesar to his lair.
Do his father  Zorro  who Bernardo has sailed from California to Spain to help.
They pass Dolores and her mother along the same road.
Finally   Zorro and Don Q battle the soldiers  Fabrique confesses  Sebastian is beaten  de Muro recognizes his old friend  the villains are arrested.
All gather.
Cesar and Dolores reunited.
<EOS>
A young girl goes missing.
Her father accuses his mother-in-law  Barbara.
He speculates.
She is a witch.
Barbara responds.
<EOS>
A young First Nations girl named.
Ashtoh-Komi is kidnapped along from a village as part of a Canadian policy to educate First Nations children and assimilate them into Canadian/British society.
She is taken.
Where she is forced to adopt Western Euro-centric ways and learn English  often.
One teacher is portrayed as sympathetic.
She becomes repelled.
She offers Ashtoh-Komi help.
Forced to take the name Amelia  Ashtoh-Komi determines to hold on and encourages her younger siblings to do so as well.
She plans their escape.
<EOS>
Scott is a suddenly single young man.
Who is known.
He invites a co-dependent  seemingly perfect couple to share his large apartment  only to see them completely disrupt his life.
When they insert themselves.
<EOS>
People no longer know.
What medical assistants were  neither the Belgians  who created this medical category.
Tracing the steps - formerly a medical assistant  now a doctor - the Congolese filmmaker uses this family history to portray her country 37 years after Independence.
<EOS>
Set focuses on the volatile relationship of associate history professor George and his hard-drinking wife Martha  the daughter of the college president.
It s 200 Sunday morning.
They have returned.
Martha announces.
She has invited a young couple -- Nick  a young  good-looking  newly appointed instructor  and his mousey wife Honey -- to join them.
George is disturbed.
She did so  prompting Martha to launch into the first of many loud and lengthy tirades during which she taunts and criticizes him.
Knowing his wife is drunk and quite lewd  he asks her to behave herself.
When they arrive.
He warns her to refrain.
When the doorbell rings.
Overhearing Martha s crude retort  Nick and Honey immediately feel ill and quickly find.
The door opens.
Themselves caught when their efforts to engage in small talk set off a volley of insults between their hosts.
Martha begins to flirt lewdly.
His meek wife tries to pretend she is unaware.
George tests Nick s verbal sparring skills.
Martha is showing Honey where the bathroom is.
The young man is no match.
Realizing  he suggests they depart.
He and his wife are becoming embroiled.
George cajoles him.
Honey innocently mentions to George.
She was unaware he and Martha had a son.
Martha reappears.
She begins to demean his abilities  then escalates her seduction of Nick  complimenting him on the body.
When her husband makes a snide remark.
He developed as both a quarterback and an intercollegiate state boxing champion while criticizing George s paunch.
She informs their guests.
Martha put and punched him in the jaw  knocking him into the bushes.
George aims a shotgun  causing Honey to scream.
She relates the story.
He pulls the trigger.
Releases an umbrella.
He tells his wife she s dead.
Honey again raises the subject and Martha s son  prompting the couple to engage in a conversation.
Martha quickly tries to end.
To counterattack George s relentless comments  she tells their guests her husband.
Is unsure the child is his own  although he most assuredly is.
They argue.
George threatens to expose the truth.
Furious  Martha accuses him.
Whose youthful  idealistic plans slowly deteriorated as he came to realize he was nt aggressive enough to follow in his father-in-law s footsteps  leaving her stuck with a flop.
George cuts the diatribe short   Who s afraid of Virginia Woolf.
Inebriated and  Honey rushes from the room.
Martha goes.
George and Nick go outside.
The younger man confesses.
He was attracted to Honey more than passion  and married her only because she mistakenly believed she was pregnant.
George describes his own marriage  then admits.
He considers Nick a threat.
George also tells a story.
He grew up.
This boy had accidentally killed his mother.
Years later  George claims.
The boy was driving.
He swerved to miss a porcupine.
The resulting accident killed his father.
The boy ended up living out his days.
George insists.
When their guests propose leaving.
The talk returns to George and Martha s son.
They approach a roadhouse.
Honey suggests they stop to dance.
Nick suggestively dances.
Honey and George watch.
Who continues and criticize his inadequacies.
George unplugs the jukebox and announces.
The game is over.
Martha alludes to the fact.
He may have murdered his parents  prompting George to strangle Martha until Nick manages to pull him away from her.
George persuades the owner to serve them one more round and suggests.
Having played a game  the quartet should now engage in Hump the Hostess or Get the Guests.
He then tells the group.
He allegedly has written from the Midwest  a good-looking teacher and his timid wife.
Who marry and then settle in a small college town.
An embarrassed Honey realizes Nick indiscreetly told George and runs from the room.
Nick promises revenge  and then runs after Honey.
George tells his wife.
He can not stand the way she constantly humiliates him.
She tauntingly accuses him.
Their rage erupts.
Martha drives off  retrieving Nick and Honey  leaving George to makes his way back home.
He discovers Honey nearly delirious and realizes.
When he arrives home.
His wife and Nick are presently engaged.
George begins to suspect.
Her pregnancy was real  and that she secretly had an abortion.
He then devises a plan to get back.
He blames his impotency.
When Martha accuses Nick.
He has consumed.
George then appears and requests.
Everyone gather once more.
He mentions his and Martha s son  prompting.
Her to reminisce and how he was nearly destroyed by his father.
George accuses Martha.
Who frequently ran away to escape her sexual advances.
George then announces -- the boy was killed the previous afternoon.
He has received a telegram.
When he swerved to avoid hitting a porcupine and crashed.
Nick suddenly realizes the truth -- Martha and George had never been able to have a baby.
Martha argues that he ca nt do this and begs him not to kill their son.
Are unexplained.
Instead  their game together is to imagine they have a son and invent situations and stories.
Accordingly  George has killed him.
The young couple departs quietly.
George and Martha are left alone.
The day begins to break outside.
They speak quietly.
Martha answers.
The title question with I am  George  I am.
<EOS>
Set over a single early-1960s summer of Sarajevo s neighbourhoods  the plot follows the fortunes of a school boy nicknamed Dino.
Simultaneous.
Flashes in the local cinema and youth centre  Dino.
However   his world is turned upside down.
When he is rewarded for providing a hiding place for prostitute Dolly Bell.
He falls with her.
<EOS>
Deborah Ballin  a feminist activist  inspires the wrath.
He attacks her.
She survives and is sent.
Hawker begins stalking her.
Deborah befriends nurse Sheila Munroe.
Who admires her devotion.
Hawker murders an elderly patient and a nurse.
He overhears Sheila s opinions and that bastard.
Who attacked her.
Hawker decides to focus his attention  stalking her and her children at home.
Hawker courts a young punk girl named Lisa  then brutally beats  tortures  and rapes her.
The next day  Deborah discovers  so she suspects.
The patient and nurse have been killed.
Her attacker is back to finish the job.
She tries to convince her boss  Gary Baylor  and Sheila.
She is not safe.
Both think.
She is simply paranoid.
Hawker visits his father.
Who was disfigured years ago  explaining his hatred for self-defending women.
Soon he tries again to kill Deborah  but is thwarted.
A frantic Sheila is paged and finds Lisa waiting.
Lisa says.
She knows the identity  and where he lives.
Sheila gets an ominous phone call  warning her.
She can alert anyone.
He is.
She sends Lisa to warn Deborah  then rushes home  only to find her daughter and babysitter safe.
She places a call.
A hidden Hawker springs forth  stabs Sheila and pushes her to the ground  phone to her ear  torturing her for Deborah to hear.
He moves.
Sheila can only scream.
He walks out  leaving Sheila to die.
Hawker goes home.
Where he devises one last plan to get.
He busts a beer bottle  wounding himself badly.
Gary and Deborah have an ambulance sent.
Still alive  but badly wounded  she is rushed.
Gary accompanies the police.
Where they discover photos.
They also learn.
The wounded Hawker has been taken.
Hawker is wheeled.
As Sheila is taken.
Hawker sneaks away to find Deborah and attacks her.
She flees.
She goes into a radiography room  finding a helpless Sheila  all alone  waiting for.
Realizing  Deborah leaves and deliberately gives her location away.
She must lure Hawker away to protect Sheila.
Deborah stabs and kills him.
Hawker approaches the curtain she is hiding behind.
Sheila is wheeled  while Gary comforts Deborah.
Who faints.
<EOS>
The story is told  starting with the present time .
Harsha is a stunt man and ekes by taking part in bike races and stunts.
He happens to meet Indu.
He is reminded.
Whenever he touches her.
Happened. 
He falls with her.
She reciprocates the love.
Indu s father fights a legal battle.
It was his ancestral property.
His brother-in-law enjoys the property illegally.
The latter s son Raghuveer is spellbound and goes to their home and promises to return the entire property with the hopes of marrying Indu.
Raghuveer s guru Ghora tells him.
He can not win Indu as long as Harsha is alive.
Indu s father accepted her love.
She does nt believe him.
Harsha tries to explain the truth.
Harsha drops falls from a helicopter into a lake  only to be saved by Solomon.
Now it is Harsha s turn to prove his innocence and remind Indu.
The story then goes back four centuries.
There is a kingdom called Udaygadh.
Mitravinda is his only daughter.
Ranadev Bhilla is her cousin.
Kala Bhairava is a warrior.
Who trains the army.
His family has lived  and will not accept death.
No warrior will live.
He has killed a hundred enemies.
He is also the personal caretaker.
Ranadev eyes Mitravinda and wants to get the kingdom.
But the princess loses her heart.
Both Ranadev and Bhairava take.
Order to win her hand.
Part emerges the winner.
The king   requests Kala Bhairava to reject the hand.
Who knows.
He does not want his daughter to become a widow.
Ranadev turns traitor and joins hands.
He invades the kingdom and kills the king.
Later  Ranadev and Sher Khan reach the place.
Where Bhairava and Mitravinda are offering prayers.
Sher Khan challenges Bhairava to save the princess.
Bhairava courageously attacks and kills 100 soldiers.
Sher Khan accepts defeat and is impressed.
Bhairava kills.
Ranadev but Ranadev stabs Mitravinda.
Mitravinda requests Bhairava to proclaim his love for her.
They both fall off the cliff and the last words remain unsaid.
The unproclaimed love and the unfulfilled wishes of Ranadev have made them take another birth four centuries later.
The final showdown is more.
<EOS>
Disappointed to a woman he does not love  prostitute Harumi drifts from the city to a remote Japanese outpost in Manchuria to work in a comfort house  or brothel  during the Sino-Japanese war.
The commanding adjutant there takes an immediate liking.
She is  and comes to love  Mimaki  the officer s aide.
He is haughty and indifferent to the girl.
Enrages her.
They are drawn together eventually.
Abused and manipulated  she grows to hate the officer and seeks solace in Mimaki s arms.
They carry.
Is a dangerous breech.
Tragedy strikes.
When the Chinese attack the outpost.
Mimaki is severely wounded.
Harumi runs.
They are both captured.
He is unconscious.
The Chinese dress his wounds.
He is given the opportunity to withdraw  but as a Japanese soldier  he is bound by a code not to be captured at all.
Only Harumi s intervention prevents him.
Once again  Harumi is sent back to the brothel.
Mimaki is to be court-martialed and executed.
He escapes with Harumi s aid.
He intends to blow himself up to clear his and his battalion s honor.
She leaps.
They die together.
<EOS>
Frieda Walkowiak is an ambitious director.
The men are reluctant to accept her as their supervisor.
She is talented and.
August  Frieda s husband  is exasperated to her office.
Leads. 
August is enraged  and leaves their house.
She misses their wedding s anniversary.
Frieda is badly depressed and suffers a breakdown.
<EOS>
