She is taken.
August hears  comes back to his senses and returns.
The family reunites.
<EOS>
She decides to testify  much against her in-laws  wishes.
Even Shekhar seems to be reluctant to aid her.
The case stands.
Indrajit Chaddha  a corrupt lawyer fighting  embarrasses Damini by asking her uncomfortable questions in front of the court.
Chaddha also succeeds.
Damini has mental problems.
Damini is declared insane and sent.
Her confidence is crippled.
She soon recovers and manages to escape.
Damini runs.
It is revealed.
Govind failed to bring the criminals.
He reluctantly agrees to see into the case.
Govind decides to come out.
When Chaddha meets Govind personally.
The case is reopened.
However  this time  Govind turns the tables and methodically thwarts all the pressure tactics.
Now  however  it is revealed.
Urmi  the victim  committed suicide  which both Damini and Govind suspect from side of police.
However  things turn awry.
When Bajaj decides to kill Shekhar as he might buckle.
He also sends his goons to kill Damini.
Damini escapes and counter-attacks the goons.
Here  the judge is tired and is about to give a decision in Gupta s favour.
Damini enters just to declare.
She wants to withdraw the case.
Govind tries to talk her out.
She vents her anger.
Happened. 
Shekhar   steps in and testifies.
Who is thoroughly ashamed.
He tells the truth and asks Damini s pardon.
The villains are arrested.
Shekhar is given a lighter sentence.
Govind leaves happily.
Mamta s father is seen thanking him and Damini.
<EOS>
Filmed but set in Belfast  Northern Ireland  during ` The Troubles   You  Me & Marley centres around the lives of five Catholic friends.
They go.
<EOS>
Lord Vishnu listens.
There were nt many people singing songs.
The Lord sends Nandaka to be born as Annamacharya to a childless couple in Tallapaka village  Kadapa District.
Growing is in love with his 2 cousins Timakka and Akkalamma and thinks.
His cousins are the most beautiful creations.
Lord Vishnu appears in disguise and accepts a challenge from him to show someone more beautiful than his cousins - GOD in the form of Lord Venkateswara in a temple in his village.
Annamayya is lost in a different world and ends up making a pilgrimage to Tirumala Venkateswara Temple without planning or informing his parents.
He is lost and is helped herself in the form of an old lady by informing him.
His find pilgrims enter the holy hills.
His footwear was preventing his progress.
Also weakened  Annamayya accepts Laddu - a prasadam from the food consecrated by the Lord himself.
He is enthralled by the beauty of God and settles there to write and sing hymns in praise of the Lord.
Meanwhile  Annamayya s parents get worried.
Then  the Lord Venkateshwara  hearing the prayers  himself comes in the disguise of a Hunter along with his consorts and tells them.
Annamayya lives.
Then  Annamayya s parents  cousins  aunt  uncle and his 2 friends come and watch him worship the Lord.
He refuses saying.
When Annamayya is asked to marry his 2 cousins.
Marriage would become a hindrance.
But  he is then convinced himself.
Who has now taken the form.
The Lord personally conducts the wedding - Timakka and Akkalamma.
Annamayya settles in Tirumala leaving his children in the care of his parents.
He comes in contact with the ruler of the country - Saluva Narasimha.
Who becomes a fan and make him the court poet.
The King and Queen request.
Annamayya sing a sankeertan as well  something Annamayya rejects as he would sing only for the Lord and not for any human being.
Jailed  Annamayya invokes Lord in the form of Narashima and to the surprise of the King  jailors and everyone - the iron rods burst into flames and releases Annamayya.
Realising  his wives give up their lives freeing Annamayya.
Their husband was born.
Annamayya realizing the divine order takes and reaches old age.
Priests and Brahmins unhappy try to destroy his writings.
A significant portion is saved by Lord s grace from the fire.
When Annamayya decides to sacrifice his life because all his works were lost.
Saluva Narasimha and Annamayya s sons convert his work.
The Lord and his consorts appears one last time  in their divine form.
The Lord grants salvation and Annamayya s soul returns.
<EOS>
Maggie Prescott is a fashion magazine publisher and editor.
Who is looking.
She wants a new look.
Maggie wants the look to be both beautiful and intellectual.
She and famous fashion photographer Dick Avery want models.
Who can think as well as they look.
The two brainstorm and come up to find a sinister looking book store in the Greenwich Village neighborhood of Manhattan.
They subsequently locate a bookstore named Embryo Concepts.
Maggie and Dick take.
Is being run.
Jo thinks  it is chichi  and an unrealistic approach to self-impressions as well as economics.
The fashion and modeling industry is nonsense  saying.
Maggie decides to use Jo  to give it a more intellectual look.
Maggie locks Jo out of the shop to shut her up.
Jo wants more than anything else.
Professor Emile Flostre s lectures.
He sees something.
When Dick gets back.
Which is new and fresh  and which would be perfect  giving it character  spirit  and intelligence.
They send  pretending.
They want to order some books.
They start treating her  trying to make her over  pulling at her clothes and attempting to cut her hair.
She arrives.
She is outraged and runs away.
To hide where Dick is working.
Jo becomes very interested in  and is finally convinced.
When Dick mentions Paris.
She would get a chance to see Professor Flostre.
Soon Maggie  Dick  and Jo are to prepare for a major fashion event  shooting photos at famous landmarks from the area.
Shoots Jo and Dick develop feelings for each other.
They fall.
One night  she learns.
When Jo is getting ready.
Professor Flostre is giving a lecture nearby.
She attends  forgetting the gala.
Eventually Dick finds her.
They get.
Results. 
Jo goes to talk.
Maggie and Dick make it into Flostre s home.
They confront Jo and Flostre.
This eventually leads causing Flostre to fall and knock himself out.
Jo urges them to leave.
He tries to make a pass.
When Flostre wakes up.
Shocked  she smashes a vase over his head and runs out.
There is a final fashion show.
The group leaves.
Jo and Maggie try to get with Dick.
Who has made plans to leave Paris.
Jo does the runway show.
She looks out the window and sees the plane  take off.
Dick was supposed to be.
Heartbroken  she runs off the runway.
Meanwhile  Dick is.
He runs and learns.
Jo bashed him with a vase.
Dick  realizing  goes back to find Jo.
Much he cares.
He goes back  only to find.
Jo is nowhere to be found.
Finally   Dick finds Jo by a little church.
Where they shared a romantic moment.
They embrace and kiss.
<EOS>
The film is presented and shows the first day of work for newly-qualified forklift truck driver Klaus.
The film highlights the dangers of unsafe operation of machinery.
Beginning. 
The film progresses the injuries/deaths become more brutal.
He was lifted improperly.
Had been.
Who has already been cut and hit on the head by an emergency warning bell.
It is stopped.
The man stares.
It cuts.
What the saw is about to do.
Finally the saw breaks the hammer and drives.
We see a POV shot.
The film ends.
Klaus is killed.
Two men are left stuck.
The forklift drives off.
The men continue to scream.
<EOS>
Porky Pig purchases a new home.
Turns out to be a dilapidated old house.
His cat Sylvester is frightened.
Porky finds it quaint and peaceful  and looks forward.
Before long  Sylvester learns.
The house is overrun.
Sylvester is forced to dodge various knives  projectiles  trap doors  and other obstacles intended to kill him and his master.
Porky  however  is completely unaware.
Anything is wrong  and is embarrassed that Sylvester is acting.
Porky is interrupted in his sleeping and scolds Sylvester then.
Porky orders him out.
Sylvester tries to shoot himself.
Alarms Porky  who tells Sylvester to cut it out.
The mice have taken up primary residence.
Where Sylvester does not dare to tread.
Porky finds  but  Sylvester has been lowered down into the mice s lair while in the basket.
Sylvester fainted and leaves him.
A while later comes up.
Porky tells him to take off  but the disguise was actually just Sylvester turning white.
What Porky thought was make up.
Porky  sick and tired  decides to show Sylvester.
What a coward he is.
Sylvester feels humiliated.
Porky goes.
Sylvester peers into the kitchen.
Sure enough  the mice have Porky bound  gagged  and.
Sylvester   scrambles out of the house.
His conscience appears and indicates.
He rests to catch his breath.
He is a coward  reminding him  showing him the comparative sizes of a cat to a mouse  and demanding that he get back in there and FIGHT.
Suddenly bursting  Sylvester   grabs a whole tree for use as a weapon  races back into the mice-infested house  fights at full power and sends the hordes of murderous rodents running for their lives.
Who s changed to a real hero.
Having got rid  Porky graciously thanks Sylvester for saving his life.
One leftover mouse pops out.
Seeing this  Porky warns Sylvester to look out  but too late.
The mouse clobbers Sylvester  knocking him unconscious  much to Porky s shock.
The mouse then yanks off his hood  revealing a Napoleon army hat  and declares  Pussycats is the cwaziest peoples.
<EOS>
Captain William W.
Morgan is a well-respected businessman.
Who owns a fleet.
He is very close and tells her.
She must marry a man who is a whaler and a Quaker.
His son and daughter-in-law were lost on a whaling expedition  eventually  their baby  his granddaughter Dot  was found floating near shore on a raft made of branches.
He has raised her ever since.
Dot is a mischievous  rebellious child.
Who wants to be a whaler when she grows up  an ambition that is not acceptable.
One day  a childhood friend arrives in town  recently back from college.
He and Patience renew their acquaintance and fall.
He goes to ask Captain Morgan to marry Patience.
Captain Morgan turns him out  informing him.
He is not a suitable husband because he is neither a Quaker nor a whaler.
Meanwhile  Samuel Siggs  an effeminate Chinese man masquerading  connives to steal Captain Morgan s ships to transport African gold.
He dresses up and acquires a position of authority in Morgan s business by pretending to be an experienced whaler.
He also plans to finagle his way into marrying her.
Learning  he has his fellow con artist Jake Finner  fearless  lawless and godless  drug the young man s drink and has him kidnapped  tied up  and placed on the next outgoing whaling vessel  hoping never to see him again.
Is Dot.
Who has dressed and stowed away below deck.
It is rumored.
Dexter and Dot joined the Oregon Wagon Train and have gone west together.
Miles out  Dexter is untied and immediately put to work.
Wanting to prove himself  he decides to put all his effort into working long hard hours to win his chance to harpoon a whale.
Would make him an accomplished whalesman.
Meanwhile Jake Finner   finds Dot  discovers  and attacks her.
Who has killed the captain and taken.
She is a girl.
They mutiny  appointing Dexter as Captain.
He has been treating the men.
Dot s friend Jimmie  the cabin boy  rescues her.
He was abducted.
Meanwhile  Captain Morgan has fallen ill  fears  and commands Patience to marry Siggs.
He is dying.
She reluctantly agrees.
Dexter arrives just to save Patience from her terrible fate.
The lovers are reunited.
The last scene is a memorable shot of 16 year old Clara Bow frolicking in a brightly lit field of flowers.
<EOS>
The movie is centered.
Who is the Mayor.
Her life has enough problems.
When Cottonwood becomes the victim  causing devastation and chaos.
<EOS>
A young boy commits suicide.
A close friend Certificate.
Order to get revenge.
This young man organizes a complex scheme to steal copies of the test papers from the Department of Education and  upon winning  show the world.
He has beat the system.
<EOS>
Two miners compete.
One attempts to sabotage the other but fails.
<EOS>
A barkeeper saves a yakuza boss  life and thus makes his way up.
However  his fear soon causes problems.
<EOS>
Jeff Carter is testing a vaccine.
He is working.
Who takes the credit and the profit.
Roger cares more and tests it on Jeff s son.
Jeff resigns and is blacklisted.
He heads to perfect the formula.
Graham has used this opportunity to release the drug and romance Jeff s attractive wife  Mary.
He takes revenge.
When Jeff hears that his son has died.
<EOS>
Hallam Foe is a teenage loner.
Who lives.
His hobby is spying.
Hallam is convinced.
His stepmother is responsible by drowning two years earlier.
Hallam s sister leaves home to attend university.
It becomes clear.
Verity and his father want Hallam to move on as well.
Hallam initially refuses due.
She uses his diaries first to have sex and then to blackmail him into leaving.
To escape his father and stepmother  Hallam travels.
Hallam sees Kate  an administrator at the Balmoral Hotel  located in the city centre.
Kate bears a striking resemblance.
He manages to persuade her to give him a job.
Hallam makes his home over Kate s home in a top flat.
Where he can spy.
He also spies through a skylight on her roof  clambering over the roofscape to reach his vantage point.
Hallam learns.
Another senior hotel employee is having an extra-marital affair.
Alasdair then discovers Hallam s lookout.
Hallam attempts to blackmail Alasdair.
Alasdair dismisses him.
Hallam retaliates.
He wishes  to inform her.
Hallam eventually works his way up.
Kate invites Hallam to have a few drinks after work.
Whilst drunk  Hallam reveals his continuing love.
This seems to fascinate Kate.
She likes creepy guys.
A complex relationship starts to build from this point.
Kate first invites him home that night.
He begins to get uncomfortable.
When she attempts to seduce him.
Instead they sleep.
The next day he asks her.
She rejects him  but later she asks him.
They have sex.
Alasdair confronts her and begins to act violently.
When Hallam is watching Kate.
Hallam comes.
Results. 
She tells Alasdair to leave.
She punishes Hallam.
He was spying.
She feels bad.
He tells her.
She lets him stay.
She puts.
Hallam keeps that used to be his mother s.
He cries.
When Hallam sees her.
They fall asleep together.
Hallam s father and stepmother track Hallam down.
Hallam had reported his suspicions to the police in Edinburgh.
They track him down.
His father has run up significant debts and needs to develop some.
Hallam is entitled under his mother s will.
Hallam refuses to co-operate due.
Hallam s hatred consumes him entirely.
He tries to drown her by his father s house.
However  his humanity takes over.
He revives her.
Only does his father reveal.
He had made no attempt to prevent Hallam s mother.
This revelation allows Hallam to realise.
His anger is for leaving him.
This cathartic moment enables him to move on.
We leave him happy and content walking the streets.
<EOS>
The young dArtagnan arrives with dreams of becoming a king s musketeer.
Quite unused  he makes a number of silly.
He comes.
Each of whom challenges him.
Later  DArtagnan helps them to defend themselves.
Who arrive.
He is invited to join them.
Who wishes to increase his already considerable power.
DArtagnan also begins an affair.
Who is the Queen s dressmaker.
Meanwhile the Duke  former lover of the Queen  turns up and asks for something in remembrance of her  she gives him her diamond necklace.
The Cardinal learns and suggests to the none-too-bright King to throw a ball in his wife s honor  and request she wear the diamonds.
He gave her.
The Cardinal also sends Milady de Winter to steal the necklace.
She seduces the Duke and steals two.
Meanwhile  the Queen has confided her troubles.
Who asks dArtagnan to ride and get back the diamonds.
DArtagnan and the three musketeers set out  but encounter the Cardinal s men.
Only dArtagnan and his man make it.
Where they discover the loss of the diamond studs.
The Duke replaces the two studs and dArtagnan races back to deliver the necklace and save the Queen from embarrassment.
He encounters Porthos  Athos  and Aramis  they are wounded but not dead.
Dartagnan had feared.
The film ends.
<EOS>
A kind and generous woman is killed.
Who is then tracked down and lynched.
The film consists   Scene.
The tramp rises.
Scene.
The tramp enters and asks meal.
The woman gives meal.
Money does not give.
Then the tramp kills the woman and runs.
Scene.
Police dogs start to search.
Scene.
Police dogs continue to search.
Scene.
The tramp sits under a tree.
He sees police dogs and climbs.
Scene.
Police dogs search under a tree.
The tramp falls.
Scene.
The tramp runs.
Scene.
The tramp understands.
Can not escape  and falls.
Scene.
The tramp rises and runs.
Search is started over again.
Scene.
The tramp gets a revolver and shoots.
Scene.
The tramp arrest and Lynch s court begins.
Scene.
The portrait is shown.
<EOS>
The plot consists coming to life and dancing to the song.
Eventually a baby chick jumps down and starts interacting.
A cat sees the chick and starts chasing him.
The other advertisements rally to protect the chick.
<EOS>
Japanese troops occupied Southeast Asia with the intention of making new colonies.
Thailand was one country.
Allowed the Japanese troops to transport their weapons and gold.
This was the perfect opportunity to commit a crime.
Meanwhile  Toe  the leader has a plan to stop the train.
The situation becomes more difficult.
When Kom and Toe are forced to help a secret agent.
<EOS>
The Munster family is tired.
They find.
Marilyn s father  Normann Hyde  is missing.
Her Mother Elsa Hyde is.
Marilyn details this burned the mail.
This comes to the Munsters.
The family must find out  and find a way to revive Elsa.
What has happened.
They also have to try to live.
They try to fit in.
It turns out.
Norman was trying to find a way to make his peaches.
Cream daughter  Marilyn  look a little more  but somehow the experiment backfired.
Norman Hyde became Brent Jekyll.
This is a take.
Brent Jekyll is running.
As part is trying to get foreigners out of America.
There is a more sinister part.
It seems that Hyde was sabotaged and transformed  to bring forward a politician without a past who people would listen to.
The family tries to save the day.
The story unfolds.
Grandpa creates a replica of him from spare parts and uses it to help him escape.
They flee.
<EOS>
Chinese Civil War ends with the defeat of Republic of China and the establishment of Communist China.
The 93rd Division s soldiers take their families  exit southwestern China and enter northern Burma.
The hike is full of disasters and short of supplies.
The survivors reach and settle.
They build a village  and ally to resist Burmese government s attacks.
Later  the relocated government offers to take the soldiers and dependents to Taiwan.
Some are disappointed and decide to stay.
<EOS>
Norton Cyberdyne provides.
High-Tech military technology and their latest super weapon is Syngenor.
A prototype breaks loose and starts leaving a trial.
Emerge. 
Bodies pile up other Syngenors.
<EOS>
Chaplin plays a handyman.
His love interest is the girl played by Edna Purviance.
A young man arrives and appears to have an eye for Edna too.
Chaplin tries to win her back.
<EOS>
Herr Spring  a fat German cuckoo clockmaker  finds.
He now needs a cuckoo bird to occupy it.
He therefore goes out to find one.
Woody Woodpecker hears.
The clockmaker calling  Cuckoo  Cuckoo as he enters the forest.
He decides to humor him  thinking him a little crazy.
Woody pretends to be a cuckoo bird.
Order to live and to upset the clockmaker s journey.
Woody s trapped inside a bird catcher s net  and takes delight in tormenting the clockmaker.
A big brown bear  peacefully sleeping  is rudely awakened by a club in Woody s hands  swung from within the net  resulting in the bear taking his vengeance out on the German.
It is a battle of wits between Woody and the clockmaker trying to capture the elusive Woody.
<EOS>
Balu is a US-born care-free boy.
He dropped.
The course that he was doing because he was missing home and did nt wanted to carry on.
His dad tells him off.
He want his son to be.
He and his dad argue.
Their points do nt match.
Meanwhile Swapna  born  moved to the US and is Balu s neighbour.
She does nt know English.
She does nt speak when she is outside home  so everyone thinks she is mute and ca nt speak.
He tried to talk.
When Balu sees Swapna.
She does nt reply.
He follows her.
He wants to talk and want to know her name.
Where both family was present.
He follows her and teases her.
One day Swapna tells him  he also says.
She loves him and want to be forever.
He loves her too.
But their families dislike one another.
Balu s dad feels Swapna s family is a low class Indian family who do nt know how to live.
They both get separated.
When they find out.
Swapna tell them.
Order to convince Balu and her family.
They will have a contract which will say that if Balu and Swapna see or talk  their family can get their marriage where ever they like.
Balu moves.
Where he meets Sandhya his boss.
She lost her love and father in car accident.
She did nt move on and still loves her dead lover.
Swapna s cousin comes and wants to marry her.
Who likes Swapna.
Swapna s mom wants the same  but ca nt get her married due.
Swapna s cousin creates a misunderstanding and tells Balu.
She is getting married and shows some fake engagement photos.
Balu believes him and breaks down and starts dating Sandhya.
Swapna s cousin creates the same misunderstanding.
Balu is getting married.
Swapna does nt believe.
One day Sandhya finds Swapna and Balu s video and pay a visit to Swapna without telling her.
She is getting married soon.
Swapna tells Sandhya.
Much she loves him and their love story.
She also tells her.
People believe he is getting married.
She does nt believe.
She trusts Balu and will wait forever.
Sandhya   goes back and tells Balu.
Who has lost her love before.
It was all misunderstanding.
Swapna still loves him.
She is waiting to return.
He should go back.
When Balu returns.
They will not let this marriage happen.
Balu and Swapna jump off a waterfall  telling them.
If they ca nt let them live happily they rather die.
Swapna and Balu s parents believe.
They are dead.
The truth is.
They came out and ran away so they can live together.
<EOS>
Le Masque A somewhat artificial looking young dandy goes.
Where he finds a young woman to be his dance partner.
A doctor is called.
When he faints.
He discovers.
The dandy is in fact an old man wearing a mask to hide his aged appearance.
The doctor takes the old man home.
She explains.
Her husband Ambroise used to attract the ladies who frequented the hairdresser salon where he worked.
He lost his looks.
He goes out.
La Maison Tellier Julia Tellier  the well-respected madam  takes her girls on an outing to her brother s village to attend the first communion of her niece.
Her regular patrons are taken aback.
When they discover the whorehouse closed night.
One finally discovers a sign explaining the reason and is relieved.
Julia s brother becomes infatuated  and promises to visit next month.
Le Modele An artist falls with his model.
Things are idyllic.
They begin to quarrel constantly.
Finally  he moves in.
She eventually finds him.
He wants no more to do.
He ignores her threat to jump  and is so.
When she does so immediately that he marries her.
<EOS>
The Editor hires amateur criminologist Steve Colt to solve a series of murders  all involving poisonous spider bites.
Meanwhile  King Hitomu has sent his daughter Sombra to fulfill his plan for global domination.
There she poses and  with a gang of henchmen  attempts to steal a prototype Atomic Rocket Engine.
<EOS>
Janusz Wieszczek  a young Polish officer held by Soviets as a POW  is interrogated by NKVD.
They bring his wife and extort  a statement condemning Janusz.
When the Soviets can not force him to admit he is a spy.
He is sentenced to 20 years in one of the Gulag forced labour camps deep in Siberia.
Janusz meets Mr Smith  an American soldier  Khabarov  an actor  Valka  a hardened Russian criminal  Tomasz  a Polish artist  Voss  a Latvian priest  Kazik  a Pole suffering from night blindness  and Zoran  a Yugoslavian accountant.
Khabarov secretly tells Janusz  passing Lake Baikal.
He is planning to escape south.
Mr Smith tells Janusz.
It is just one.
Janusz decides to implement the plan.
He escapes and Kazik during a severe snowstorm in order to cover their tracks.
Kazik freezes to death after losing his way to the hide-away while looking for wood  and is later buried by the group.
The group reach Lake Baikal.
There they meet Irena  a young Polish girl   and her escape.
Who tells them a story.
Mr Smith realises  but agrees to let her in.
Her story is a lie as Warsaw is ruled and that she is a Russian.
Valka decides to stay.
When the group reach an unpatrolled border.
He still sees Russia  and Josef Stalin as a hero.
The rest continue.
Soon they see images.
Janusz realises and tells the group.
Mongolia is.
India is the closest refuge.
Lack weakens the group.
They continue south.
Irena collapses several times and soon dies.
A few days later  Tomasz collapses and dies.
Mr Smith is.
He decides to rejoin the group and the four find a stream of water and avoid dehydration.
They are rescued.
They reach the Himalayas  all.
Who takes them  where they regain their strength.
Mr Smith decides to go.
Where one will help him get back to America.
The remaining three continue to trek and soon reach India.
The final three say their goodbyes.
Zoran and Voss stay in India and Janusz keeps walking around the world.
When Poland gets rid.
The final scene shows Janusz  fifty years later  returning to his house  seen in several hallucinations  and reuniting with his wife.
<EOS>
LaMB takes.
Place called Cerra.
The story features a prison system.
Which prisoners are sealed.
Prisoners go.
Where they are fitted.
They can move around and completed work assignments.
Can not be done.
Law-abiding citizens are protected.
The criminals become members.
This process ensures.
Convicted criminals remain productive members.
The story encompasses the dichotomy.
The lamination process and system has made both jails and the death penalty obsolete in a world.
Where human ingenuity  creativity  and labor continue to be precious commodities that can not be replaced.
The system also sparks off philosophical debates.
The story follows protagonists Sara Integra and Jack Griswold s struggle.
Major Sara Integra is a former weapons specialist.
Innocent lives were lost.
She was.
She was convicted and sentenced to 200 years encased in a laminated suit.
Sara forever became known.
Eve was assigned a Shepherd.
When she became a LaMB.
Shepherds control the actions and movement.
Included are.
LaMBs must only act.
They can not speak  nor can they touch another human being.
LaMBs can hear others.
Ordered. 
Dr Jack Griswold was assigned to be Eve s Shepherd.
Griswold is a scientist  specializing in advanced botanical engineering.
He has been assigned the task to restore vegetation.
Is Keiko Suzuki  Chief Scientific Advisor specializing in biophysics.
She has been deeply affected and has made revenge her ultimate goal in life.
Griswold tends to display workaholic traits  presumably.
His curiosity and soul-searching thirst to understand the complexities drives his research.
He tends to spend more time.
Anywhere else and his intense focus makes him appear awkward when in comes to social interaction.
Griswold inadvertently gets pulled.
Keiko s anti-LaMB organization and conspiracy is discovered.
She is put.
Her suit is part plant possibly.
She goes and tries to destroy Eve1135  she is immobilized by touching Griswold.
She attacked him.
She loses her balance and falls off the building.
Eve1135 is eventually released.
She is just Sara Integra and she kisses Griswold.
They put flowers.
<EOS>
The footage  interspersed  begins with the McPherson family gathered for Thanksgiving dinner.
The power goes out   Tommy follows.
Kurt and Brian go outside to check the fuses.
They head into the woods to investigate a transformer.
Is throwing sparks.
They find a UFO.
Two aliens exit the ship and use a.
They watch.
The three men are spotted.
They rush back and try to convince their incredulous family to flee.
There is still time.
They see lights and a furtive figure outside a window.
The family refuses to believe the brothers  story.
Tommy plays them the tape.
Suddenly  a high-frequency screech incapacitates everyone.
Kurt straps a flashlight and decides to get everyone in his truck and leave.
When it stops.
The truck wo nt start.
The battery has melted.
They return.
They hear scrabbling sounds and discover.
They take stock.
An alien has made its way.
Kurt leads the way and begins to search.
Tommy takes the opportunity to go and change his soiled pants -- it puts him in a trance  investigates his camera  and slips away  leaving Tommy with no memory of the encounter.
When he is ambushed.
Tommy is awakened.
Who has trapped an alien.
They are greeted.
Kurt responds.
Everyone retreats downstairs.
A ball floats into the house and puts Renee into a coma.
Kurt and Brian go outside to try to swap out the truck battery to get the family to safety and take Renee to a hospital.
Gunshots are heard outside.
Minutes after they leave.
The lights begin to flicker.
Those experience a series.
Who remain.
Which Rose seems to be immune.
Tommy puts the camera down.
When she is left alone.
Later  everyone feels a burning sensation.
Where they discover triangle-shaped burns.
The group becomes.
Hysterical as more shots are heard.
They go.
Where Tommy discovers a couple  but not his brothers.
The camera pans to reveal strange lights and two approaching figures.
Everyone races back.
Where they barricade themselves.
The camera is dropped and goes black.
Tommy then gives a tearful testimonial   and wonders.
He ll live to see tomorrow.
He searches and suddenly comes face-to-face with an alien.
Tommy drops the camera and stands frozen.
The tape stops.
The family and their guests have nt been seen.
An alternate ending is presented.
The family is seen re-entering the house.
The survivors gather around the table to eat and spirits.
Order to keep up their strength.
It is implied.
Rosie unlocks the front door because the aliens gain entry and subdue the family with what appears to be psychic powers.
An alien disables the camera.
The family is seen.
The actors  credits roll  showing.
The tape is a depiction.
The film is   a work of fiction.
<EOS>
Claire and Luke are two young employees.
Is about to close.
Claire and Luke are the only employees working.
Claire   has recently dropped out.
Who suffers.
Luke runs a website chronicling the hotel s supposed hauntings.
Both are ghost hunting enthusiasts and are fascinated.
Includes the legend.
That afternoon  Luke checks.
Whom Claire recognizes.
Claire is starstruck and has an awkward encounter.
Delivering towels.
Who is relatively unfriendly.
The following night   Claire hears noises coming.
Taking out the garbage.
Where there is a door leading.
She padlocks the door and returns inside.
She uses Luke s ghost-hunting equipment to record EVPs around the hotel.
She hears faint voices and music  and see the grand piano by itself.
Recording. 
She runs.
Leanne reveals.
She is actually  and that she has left her career as an actress to become a medium.
She warns Claire not to go.
Early that morning  Claire awakens in her room.
Later that day  an elderly man arrives and asks.
Luke explains.
The third floor rooms have been stripped.
However  Claire offers to provide the man.
The rooms still have their beds.
She takes him.
He requested.
Luke and Claire decide to investigate the basement.
Where Madeline s corpse was hidden.
There they encounter disembodied voices and other paranormal activity.
Luke becomes so frightened.
He leaves the hotel.
Claire awakens Leanne and asks for help.
Leanne goes.
Where she makes contact  and then tells Claire that they need to leave the hotel immediately.
Claire rushes upstairs to retrieve the elderly man.
His wrists slashed.
Entering his room  she finds a suicide note and discovers his body.
Panicked  she runs downstairs and finds.
Luke has returned.
He goes upstairs to find Leanne.
Claire hears more noises coming.
She approaches the stairwell.
Where she is startled.
She falls down the staircase  injuring her head.
Disoriented  Claire is followed by the elderly man into the basement and finds herself in the room.
Where Madeline s body was kept.
She tries to open the door.
Leads  forgetting she had locked it.
Confronted  Claire dies of an asthma attack.
The next morning  Luke tells police.
He heard Claire s screams coming but could not pry open the door to save her.
Luke and Leanne leave.
Leanne tells Luke.
Claire could nt have been saved.
The film ends.
<EOS>
The film begins.
A group walk up to Bleek Gilliam s brownstone and ask him to come out and play baseball with them.
Bleek s mother insists.
He continue his trumpet lesson.
His father becomes concerned.
Bleek will grow up to be a sissy.
A family argument ensues.
Bleek continues playing his trumpet.
His friends go away.
The next scene brings us  with an adult Bleek performing on the trumpet at a busy nightclub with his jazz band  The Bleek Quintet.
Giant  is waiting  and advises him to stop allowing his saxophone player Shadow Henderson.
To grandstand.
The next morning Bleek wakes up.
She leaves to go.
He meets his father for a game of catch  telling him that while he does like Indigo  he likes other women too and is not ready to make a commitment.
Another woman named.
While he is practicing his trumpet.
Clarke Bentancourt visits him.
She suggests he fire Giant  he suggests.
They make love.
She bites his lip.
He becomes upset  saying  I make my living with my lips.
He examines the bleeding bottom lip.
Giant is  betting on baseball.
Then he goes and argues with the doormen about.
What time to let the patrons.
He meets Bleek inside  except for the pianist  Left Hand Lacey  and is scolded by Giant.
Who arrives late.
Later Giant goes  points out.
Busy the club has been.
His band began playing there  and unsuccessfully attempts to renegotiate their contract.
Giant meets his bookie the next morning.
Who is concerned that Giant is going too deep.
Giant shrugs it off  and places several new bets.
He then stops off.
Shadow confides.
He is cheating.
This leads.
Where Bleek is.
She asks him to let her sing a number.
Which he declines.
Bleek and Giant are fending off requests.
Bleek goes to see about more money   reminding him.
They refuse.
It was Giant who locked him.
That night  both Clarke and Indigo arrive at the club to see Bleek.
They are wearing the same style dress.
Bleek had purchased.
Bleek attempts to work it out  but they are both upset with him over the dresses.
Again they leave him.
He sleeps.
However  tension rises.
Who has feelings.
Bleek and Giant go.
Where Bleek insists that he do a better job managing and bringing in money.
Giant promises to do so  then asks Bleek.
Bleek declines.
Later Giant is apprehended.
Who demand payment.
Giant ca nt pay and gets his fingers broken.
Later Giant tells Bleek.
He fell off his bike.
Bleek does not believe him.
Giant asks the other band members and Left loans him five hundred dollars.
He goes for a place to stay.
When loan sharks stake.
Bleek agrees to help him raise the money  but fires him.
Bleek misses both his girlfriends  leaving messages.
Clarke has begun a new relationship.
Bleek finds out  and fires Shadow.
The loan sharks track Giant down.
Bleek can come up  take him outside and beat him while Bleek plays.
Bleek goes outside to intervene  and gets beaten as well.
Additionally  one loan shark takes Bleek s own trumpet  and smacks him.
This not only puts Bleek.
It also permanently injures his lip  making him unable to continue playing trumpet.
Months later  Bleek reunites.
Who has gotten a job.
He drops.
Who are now performing together.
Shadow invites him.
They play together.
Bleek still has scars  and is unable to play correctly.
He walks off the stage  gives his trumpet  and goes directly to Indigo s house.
She is angry.
She has nt heard in over a year.
She tries to reject him  but agrees to take him back.
When he begs her to save his life.
A montage flashes.
Miles is ten years old  and wants to go outside to play with his friends.
Indigo wants him to finish practicing his trumpet lessons.
However   Bleek relents and allows his son to leave and play with friends.
This final scene uses exactly the same dialogue  with changes only in the delivery of the dialogue leading to an alternate conclusion.
<EOS>
Bravo  My Life.
But  it more importantly is his first day at junior high.
Where the kids are interested.
Gwang-ho s mom  Mal-sun   devotes everything  despite a nagging illness  Gwang-ho  meanwhile  has his first stirrings for a pretty neighbor  nurse.
Whose husband is working.
<EOS>
The movie tells the story and painter  Ching-cheng Huang.
Consult for instance  Meizhen Zeng et al.
Taiwan mei shu yu shehui mai dong.
Kaohsiung 2000 .
He has already completed his studies and even had a few successful exhibitions.
It is war  he plans to see his parents and then wants to go on to Peking.
Order to deepen his knowledge.
But the passenger liner Takachiho Maru to Keelung.
The artist is returning with his fiancee  a young pianist  both - together with hundreds of others - lose their lives on board.
Is tragically torpedoed while on its way.
We do not only see Huang in his Tokyo studio  or attending an exhibition of his works  or on the steamship mentioned  looking forward to an encounter with his father  mother  and elder brother.
We also see Huang.
A boy and adolescent  growing up  situated in the Taiwan Straits.
It is here.
We encounter him.
We also learn.
Who wanted his son to follow as a pharmacist and therefore did not support him anymore when Ching-cheng decided to become an artist.
The narration switches.
An important strand is focused on the restoration of ` lost  works created by the artist - a difficult task.
Were discovered recently.
Is carefully accomplished.
The movie is also focused.
The film is a celebration  of the land  its people and their contribution to the common Chinese heritage.
Incidentally  Ching-cheng Huang is a relative.
<EOS>
David and Mia meet and fall.
David proposes to Mia.
They will be married.
David travels back up his three best friends  sensible Tom  naive Graham  and recently dumped-in turn depressed Luke.
The groom and his best men trek.
But Mia s parents  Barbara and Jim  are sceptical.
All hell breaks loose.
When Jim s prized sheep gets involved.
<EOS>
The disillusioned and disgruntled redshirt Crewman Averson is stuck on an unknown planet.
When he meets optimistic Crewman Leeds  who is new.
Averson tells Leeds the true nature of redshirts as cannon fodder  Redshirts die first and goes on about his opinions on Captain Kirk  Spock  and other fixtures of the show.
Leeds says  wants to learn to speak Klingon just for fun and his observation about  The Phantom Menace  A New Hope.
He is eager to serve.
Qui-Gon Jinn does nt disappear.
Does Obi-Wan Kenobi.
Eventually  the two encounter an alien resembling a floating orb.
Leeds is stuck admiring its beauty and is killed.
Averson hides.
Averson tries to contact the Enterprise.
He finds is broken.
<EOS>
Emotionally uprooted  Esther Kern is trying to return to normal life after completing her shiva -- a weeklong period of family mourning mandated in the Jewish religion.
Wilson  Ken.
Austinite returns.
.
June 7 .
Mrs Kern s children -- a successful ophthalmologist and the wife -- have long since moved away to start families of their own  setting aside the traditions of the Jewish faith.
She so cherishes.
Tentatively embarking into the world  Mrs Kern is visited by a cable repairman.
Who has come.
Deprived as both wife and mother  she tries to forge an emotional connection with this stranger -- telling stories about her family and bringing him cake and coffee.
All to fill the void left by her recent loss.
But unsure.
What to make.
Lingers. 
<EOS>
Captain Nemo uses his high-tech submarine to wreak vengeance on the surface world.
This version takes place.
It begins.
The sub runs and is lost  though not before getting off a rescue beacon.
The USS Abraham Lincoln finds the beacon and calls to assist in this deep-sea rescue.
The Aquanaut  captained.
Arronaux  has been developing a water-to-air converter.
Is thought to be useful.
Command is  unfortunately  taken from Arronaux and given to Lt.
Cmdr.
Conceil.
Who presents to Arronaux s confident but laid-back temperament.
She and her assistant Blackwell are both administrative theoretical-techie types and end up stripping the Aquanaut.
Leave the Aquanaut as they descend to the level the Scotia is wrecked at.
The equipment loss leads.
They come to on board the Nautilus and meet an apparently charming Captain Nemo.
It soon becomes clear.
The good captain is a bit unhinged and tending.
The Aquanaut s crew is imprisoned and brought out to be attached.
Arronaux escaped his escort and is loose to try and pull everyone out.
He finds nuclear missiles.
He is found and aided.
The crew is able to make it back.
One is lost.
They find and board the Scotia  finding.
Nemo lied.
Much is still alive.
Having reprogrammed the remote device  the ship is then sent back.
Nemo had planted.
Where it intercepts the missiles attempting to fire.
The backlash scuttles the larger ship.
It crashes  presumably with total losses.
The Scotia is able to contact the Abraham Lincoln.
The remainder gets underway.
Conseil shows Arronaux stolen plans.
<EOS>
Southern Airways Flight 932  a McDonnell Douglas DC-9  clipped trees on a ridge just one mile short of the runway at Tri-State Airport in Ceredo  West Virginia  and crashed into a gully.
Huntington  West Virginia s Marshall University chartered to transport the Thundering Herd football team  North Carolina  via Stallings Field in Kinston  North Carolina  and back to Huntington.
The team was returning.
There were no survivors.
75 people lost their lives.
The deceased included the 37 players  head coach Rick Tolley and five members  Charles E.
Kautz  Marshall s athletics director  team athletic trainer Jim Schroer and his assistant  Donald Tackett  25 boosters  and five crew members.
President Donald Dedmon leans towards indefinitely suspending the football program.
He is ultimately persuaded to reconsider players.
Who did nt make the flight.
Dedmon hires a young new head coach Jack Lengyel.
Who  manages to rebuild the team in a relatively short time.
They are aided.
The new team is composed.
The Young Thundering Herd ends up losing its first game  29-6 to the Morehead State Eagles.
The Herd s first post-crash victory is a heart-stopping 15-13 home win.
<EOS>
Gelsomina  a credulous young woman  learns.
Her sister Rosa has died.
Now the same man has returned a year later to ask her mother.
Gelsomina will take Rosa s place.
The mother accepts 10000 lire and her daughter departs the same day.
Zampano makes his living.
Gelsomina s naive and antic nature emerges  with Zampano s brutish methods presenting a callous foil.
He teaches her to play the snare drum and trumpet  dance a bit  and clown.
He relies on intimidation and even cruelty at times to maintain his dominion.
Finally  she rebels and leaves  making her way.
There she watches the act.
He forcibly takes her back.
When Zampano finds her there.
They join a ragtag travelling circus.
Where Il Matto already works.
Il Matto teases the strongman.
He can not explain what motivates him to do so.
Zampano chases after his tormentor with his knife drawn  as a result  both men are briefly jailed and eventually fired.
Gelsomina s difficulties are the subject of frequent soul searching.
He proposes.
There are alternatives  and imparts his philosophy that everything and everyone has a purpose -- even a pebble  even her.
A nun suggests.
Gelsomina s purpose is comparable to her own.
But  Zampano brushes her off.
When Gelsomina offers the possibility.
The separate paths cross for the last time on an empty stretch of road.
When Zampano comes.
The strongman strikes the clown several times.
Gelsomina watches.
Il Matto complains  then collapses and dies.
His watch is broken.
Zampano hides the body and pushes the car.
The killing breaks Gelsomina s spirit.
Her affect remains flat.
Her eyes lifeless.
Finally Zampano abandons her.
She is taking a nap.
Some years later  he overhears a woman singing a tune Gelsomina often played.
He learns.
The woman s father had found Gelsomina and kindly taken her in.
However  she had wasted away and died.
Zampano gets drunk and wanders.
Where he breaks down and cries uncontrollably.
<EOS>
The story dealt over Ravana  were child artists.
Which all the characters played.
<EOS>
Shalom  a young Israeli  was born into a bourgeois family in.
His parents wish.
He would go.
Shalom does nt feel.
His father is nt quite convinced.
His beloved son is doing the best he can.
When not doing anything at all.
Shalom has a dilapidated station-wagon  two girlfriends and do nt think twice  it s all right.
One sings to her sweet babbling infant.
Shalom goes out.
He comes across a group of artists debating over Israel s social-political fate.
War and peace  occupied territories and settlements  rich and poor.
One thing is not up  the future does nt seem bright.
Shalom makes up his mind to leave it all and go.
Makes up his mind  but stays.
<EOS>
He becomes involved.
When a young man is befriended and made a partner in the business.
He covers up a murder committed.
<EOS>
The evil ruler of the kingdom  El-Carim  plans to capture his rival  Sindbad  as soon and marry Princess Jana.
He arrives back.
The Princess convinces Galgo to turn her.
That she may fly off to warn Sinbad.
She flies off.
As Galgo is found out  and taken to.
Sindbad and his crew sail onward.
The Princess-Firebird soon arrives.
But  El-Carim transforms the guards  to drop rocks onto Sindbad s ship sinking it.
She can deliver the message.
However  Sindbad and some have survived.
They carefully make their way to shore.
Galgo makes his arm stretch out  long enough to grab El-Carim s magic ring.
The evil king wakes up to burn Galgo s hand.
Sindbad manages to get arrested  and soon appears.
El-Carim is not fooled  and knows.
Orders him executed.
However  Sindbad breaks free and challenges the ruler.
Sindbad stabs the King with a sword  but as El-Carim has no heart  and can not be killed.
El-Carim plans to put Sindbad the next day  in the public arena.
Soon  the poor prisoner is tossed   the Thing knocks over a torch  starting a fire in the arena.
Where he must do battle Fortunately.
Incites a mass exodus  allowing Sindbad to escape.
Sindbad visits Galgo  and finally convinces Galgo to tell him the secret  the madman has had his heart removed.
It is kept safe  guarded by supernatural forces El-Carim insists  but she refuses  and so is slated for execution.
The Princess marry him.
Sindbad and his men traverse the swamps.
Order to reach the tower.
They encounter carnivorous vines  giant prehistoric monsters  volcanic lava pits and whirlpools  finally battling an ogre with the multiple heads of a dragon.
He begins to climb the immense rope.
When they reach the tower  Sindbad.
Sindbad reaches the top  and finds El-Carim s beating heart encased in crystal.
The heart is protected.
Chases Sindbad.
Sindbad throws the hook.
Dislodges the evil heart  giving El-Carim a heart attack.
Sindbad then manages to vanquish the monster hand.
El-Carim and Galgo fly.
Sindbad is about to impale the evil heart.
When El-Carim arrives.
The two have a fierce swordfight.
Galgo steals the wretched heart  and tosses it.
El-Carim faints  and falls.
It falls.
The entire kingdom then has a celebration.
<EOS>
Set  the film recounts the sacrifice of Joymati  a medieval Ahom princess.
Who was tortured and killed for refusing to betray her husband.
The event is interpreted.
The hills are represented.
Who shelters the fugitive Prince Gadapani.
<EOS>
The business developers have him murdered.
When a fisherman stands.
His wife Migiwa  a pearl diver  plots to revenge his death.
<EOS>
Louie is owed money over to collect the debt.
They return as payment.
Local gangsters want the horse and switch their horse  Tarzana.
They boys discover.
The ruse and the horses are switched several more times.
Sach rides the real My Girl in a horse race  beating Tarzana and the gangsters.
<EOS>
A drifter named.
Hogan spots and saves a naked woman.
He later learns.
The woman  Sara  is a nun working.
He agrees.
When Sara requests that Hogan take her.
He had previously arranged to help the Mexican revolutionaries attack the French garrison if they are successful.
Hogan is surprised.
The duo heads.
The nun smokes his cigars and drinks his whiskey.
He is shot.
When he attempts to detonate a charge to destroy a French ammunition train.
Sara is able to bandage him.
He is still unable to shoot the charge to disable the train.
Sara assists him.
The two are able to destroy the train together.
Eventually the two reach Juarista commander Col.
Beltran s camp and Sara reveals the layout.
She then reveals to Hogan  infiltrate the fortress and open the gates to swarm through.
She is not a nun.
An epic battle ensues  Hogan demonstrates great bravery by singlehandedly gunning down several French soldiers.
The French retreat and the Mexicans capture the fort.
Hogan receives a big portion.
Promised. 
Now wealthy and his job completed  Hogan and Sara set off together.
All twists revolve around the anachronistic use of dynamite.
Both the item and the word dynamite were invented by Alfred Nobel.
The events depicted are supposed to take place  between 1861 and 1866  before M.
Nobel obtained patents.
This anachronism is to be related with the 1971 Sergio Leone Film Duck  You Sucker.
<EOS>
Xueyan is a 40-something single mother.
Who lives.
She has a daughter and is part of a part-time Min opera troupe from the village.
She comes.
When she is invited to perform for a show.
Who is now a businessman.
Meanwhile  the troupe struggles to survive with the traditional performance art.
<EOS>
A shaken survivor travels to her aunt and uncle s Louisiana plantation to recuperate.
Her relatives have other ideas.
<EOS>
A counterfeiter is attacked by two masked men and threatened to inform them.
Where a certain amount is.
The counterfeiter pleads ignorance and is subsequently killed.
Tommy ` Hopscotch  Hopkins   learns and begins to fear for his own safety.
Who has the money.
Consequently  he asks his friend  the street smart Frankie  to assist him.
He has organised.
Frankie reluctantly agrees to assist his friend.
The two attend the venue.
Is the house.
Danny believes.
He is being assisted in order to arrest Frankie and Hopscotch.
Instead the other two men shoot and kill Danny and attempt to kill Frankie and Hopscotch.
Frankie manages to shoot the two men.
They kill Danny and he and Hopscotch flee the house and the fake money which is contained in three suitcases.
Frankie also pulls some paper out.
The shootout is witnessed.
Who was hiding.
Distraught  she mistakenly believes.
Frankie killed her brother and provides the police.
Frankie escorts Hopscotch to the house of the latter s brother  Marty.
Frankie advises Hopscotch to lie low.
He conjures up a plan.
Marty seems concerned.
His brother is associating.
Colleen is comforted.
He advises her.
They will do whatever is necessary to find Danny s killers.
The investigation is led by Vic.
Who is Colleen s former lover.
It transpires.
Vic had ended his relationship previously.
He spends time with Colleen to help her combat her grief.
However  struggling to restrain her emotions  Colleen becomes frustrated into her brother s death.
She begins to believe that little progress is being made.
He advises her.
She persistently approaches Captain Evans.
They believe Danny was a ` dirty  cop  something which   she strenuously refutes.
She loses faith with her brother s former colleagues and decides to conduct her own investigations.
She manages to track down Frankie and asks to be allowed to perform.
He admits  but states.
She is pretty enough to do the job.
She ought to think it over.
Meanwhile   he and Hopscotch decide to bury the three suitcases in the desert to ensure.
Frankie is attacked.
They are safe.
Hopscotch is killed.
Frankie is forced to engage.
The killer is revealed to be one and Hopscotch s brother  Marty.
Frankie persuades Marty is Vic.
To inform him.
Vic kills Marty and requests.
Frankie tell him.
Frankie declines to do so and returns.
Where he watches Colleen audition for a job.
Afterwards  Frankie takes Colleen.
Where they begin kissing.
Suddenly  Colleen pulls out a gun and confronts Frankie.
Frankie is initially confused but then elucidates.
He advises her.
Danny appeared to trust the other two men who were when he was killed and that they turned on him.
To convince Colleen he manipulates the gun.
He is telling the truth.
That Colleen only needs to pull the trigger in order to kill him.
Colleen believes Frankie.
He escorts her.
That she can travel home.
Vic sees Frankie and Colleen together.
He advises Frankie to stay away.
When Colleen is gone.
The next day Frankie visits Colleen and produces the piece.
He took.
The piece is part of a map with directions on it in red ink.
Frankie advises Colleen.
He believes that Vic was involved.
He tells her to tell Vic s superiors and take them to the desert.
Frankie advises Vic.
Colleen travels.
He has changed his mind and that he will share the money.
Frankie and Vic drive.
Where they dig up the cases in.
Meanwhile Colleen and Captain Evans arrive.
Evans advises Colleen to wait.
He investigates.
She finds the other half.
He leaves.
Evans walks up a hill and sees Frankie and Vic.
Vic manages to hit Frankie in an attempt to take all of the money for himself.
Which Evans confronts him.
Colleen arrives.
Evans shoots Vic.
He then hugs Colleen and tells her.
It is all over.
Colleen  now aware then shoots Evans.
Both Vic and Evans were responsible.
Afterwards she and Frankie arrange Vic s and Evans  bodies to make.
It seem as though they had killed each other.
They then walk off.
<EOS>
Five students -- Allison Reynolds  Andrew Clark  John Bender  Brian Johnson  and Claire Standish -- report on March 24  1984 at Shermer High School in the Chicago suburb of Shermer  Illinois.
Each comes from a different clique  and seem to have nothing in common.
Not complete strangers.
They gather.
Where they are ordered not to speak or move or sleep by the assistant principal  Richard Vernon.
They are to remain.
He assigns a 1000-word essay.
Then leaves  returning occasionally to check.
Bender   disregards the rules and riles the other students  mocking Brian and Andrew  and harassing Claire.
Who has a particularly negative relationship.
Allison remains oddly quiet.
The students pass the hours.
Gradually they open up and reveal their inner secrets.
They also discover.
They all have strained relationships and are afraid of making the same mistakes as the adults around them.
However  the students are afraid.
Once the detention is over  they will return and never speak to each other again.
Brian is asked to write the essay Mr Vernon assigned earlier.
Challenges Mr Vernon and his preconceived judgments.
Brian does so.
He writes a letter to the teacher objecting to his request to describe to him  and stating to him.
Who they are.
He already has judged who they are  and that he will not accept any different accounts about who they are.
He signs the essay and leaves it at the table for Mr Vernon to read.
When they leave.
Claire and Bender kiss in the closet  then the students are walking down the hallway to leave the school.
Outside  Allison and Andrew are seen kissing.
Claire gives Bender her earring.
He puts on after she leaves.
<EOS>
Set  Believe tells the story of Adam Pendon  a struggling truck driver.
Who was recently laid off at the steel mill when it closes.
Adam is approached.
The salesman  Mark Fuller  offers Adam a business opportunity.
Adam agrees to meet Mark.
This meeting is filled  such as Dan Bretenheirmer and Sally Bretenheirmer.
Who are unable to succeed.
Though they sincerely try to work the program.
Tom and Amy Hawks are a focused couple.
Who also meet Adam.
The owner is Howard Flash.
Who claims to have lived until the business of Believe saved his life and made him wealthy.
Adam decides to join Believe and succeeds unexpectedly.
He is invited to be a speaker.
The crux is Adam at a crossroads of either enjoying wealth and fame from Believe or walking away.
He believes he is misleading other people.
Kaleidoscope Pictures.
<EOS>
Steven Gold is a struggling medical student.
Who moonlights.
It quickly becomes evident.
He is lousy.
And yet   he cracks.
When he is given a chance.
Lilah is a dedicated housewife.
Also yearns to be a comic.
She has the raw talent but does not have the command.
Steven possesses.
He does nt give Lilah the time of day but slowly they bond.
He teaches her the fundamentals.
All is the right gags  Steven tells her.
You need.
He s right.
She discovers her natural gift.
Lilah has some decent material.
An uneasy friendship develops.
They must resolve  Steven s desire to make it big vs.
His inability to do so and Lilah s love.
Her love.
Steven also develops a romantic attraction.
She rejects.
Steven expresses his anger and frustration.
The film culminates.
Where Steven  Lilah and other aspiring comedians have been performing.
Television executives are.
The winner is promised a chance at stardom.
The characters also grapple for success on stage versus their loyalties to one another and the expectations of their families.
They compete.
Lilah is declared winner.
Steven is second place  only gaining interest of the five judges.
But Lilah declines  and leaves.
The announcement is declared.
She leaves.
She won.
It s good enough.
They leave the Gas Station and the two share ideas.
Steven is declared the winner of the show.
<EOS>
A couple living in America  Ewelina and Pau  travel to Poland to meet the girl s family.
Strange phenomena occurs.
The film goes.
Her reluctant non-believing boyfriend  just pokes fun instead of supporting her.
She is actually having a hard time.
<EOS>
Two boys are born on the same day in the most different circumstances imaginable.
Tom is the son.
Edward is a prince and the heir.
One grows up  hungering for something better for himself and his family  the other in isolated luxury  with a strong curiosity about the outside world.
They meet and are astounded to each other.
When they are youngsters.
They exchange clothes.
The Captain mistakes the prince for the pauper and throws him out of the palace grounds.
Tom is unable to convince anybody.
Everyone else is convinced.
He is mentally ill.
Hertford threatens to expose Tom.
When Henry VIII dies.
He does as he is told.
Hertford also blackmails the Captain.
Meanwhile  Edward finds an amused  if disbelieving protector.
An attempt to assassinate the boy of Hertford   changes Hendon s opinion of Edward s story.
Who fears if the real king lives.
Edward manages to re-enter the palace just in time to interrupt the coronation ceremony and prove his identity.
Tom is made a ward  Hertford is banished for life.
Hendon is rewarded.
<EOS>
Soni Razdan is a budding actress.
Shah is a military man.
Amol Palekar is an established actor.
Shabana Azmi is a fellow actresS.
Ajit Vachani is a film producer.
Pankaj Kapoor is his mentally unstable brother.
Sushma Seth plays Mrs Bhal  a retired actress now doing character roles and pushing her reluctant daughter to obtain fame and fortune.
The filming unit enters Pahalgam.
Razdan mysteriously commits suicide.
The police are about to call it an open and shut case.
When Shah enters the scene.
He pretends.
He is a special officer sent to investigate the death.
His cover is blown.
When police come to arrest him just as he about to accuse Mrs Bhal as he found Razdan s missing earring hidden under Mrs Bhal s mattress in her hotel room.
Shah reveals his true identity.
Some days had sent him a letter that she had gotten the lead role for a prestigious project.
He refuses to believe.
She committed suicide.
The crew accept.
Razdan had indeed got the coveted role.
They are less enthusiastic.
The only person is Azmi.
Who believes that Razdan was murdered.
Who heard the Razdan practising her lines.
Azmi realises.
Razdan was portraying a village girl  and that she suddenly started shouting something before she became silent.
She agrees to help Shah catch the culprit.
They join forces to become detective but the murders continue.
First  then the male housekeeper.
Finally  all clues point.
Who confesses that Kapoor killed Razdan when she spurned his advances.
Vachchani confesses.
He was just covering  while his brother was the killer who was mentally ill and a drug addict.
Kapoor goes  killing Vachchani in the process.
The case seems to conclude  1 -RSB- Kapoor s revolver had already been emptied.
When Shah realizes two things.
He shot his brother dead.
2 -RSB- Vachchani had posted a mysterious letter  and.
What did the letter contain.
Azmi tells Shah.
She knows where the other gun used to kill Vachchani is as she tries to tell Shah he drives off to find the letter.
Azmi finds the gun missing  she leave.
An unseen person comes and puts.
The gun back Azmi sees who it is.
Palekar - is the real killer.
Meanwhile it is also revealed.
When he reads Vachchani s letter  which turns out to be his confession.
Palekar explains  he had no intentions to marry her.
His aim was to be a top politician and that Razhan got she was pregnant with his child.
She was going to talk.
Vachchani witnessed the murder and then agreed for money to become his accomplice  and did everything to cover up the truth.
Palekar killed the others  she will would have to be killed  it would be made to look.
They were a risk and now that Azmi knew.
Shah gets there just.
Palekar tries strangle Azmi.
Shah then fatally shoots Palekar.
<EOS>
The film starts off  They soon end up having a baby boy Shaan.
Shaan is friends.
Who belongs than his family.
The first encounter was.
When Shaan gave her dummy  when he was only around four years of age.
The families then spilt leaving the two friends separated.
They meet each other.
Older. 
She drops him.
Reema s jogging  Shaan accidentally splashes her  This causes her to do the same on him  but instead of a bit of mud.
They fall.
Their meeting leads.
She does not love.
Returning home Reema finds out that her father has planned her marriage.
He does this.
Reema refuses and spends her time.
Shaan s parents meet their son s child-friend and his lover  and accept their relationship.
They go as a daughter in law.
He throws it back with a cowdly no.
Nadeem begs him.
He does not give in.
Nadeem s wife dies through a heart attack.
<EOS>
The film revolves.
Who is.
Lucy tries to compete.
Order to gain his affection.
<EOS>
Anandh  an MBA graduate  runs to post in search of job.
He stays.
Whose daughter Chandra returns home.
She slowly gets attracted.
He shows love and affection.
Meanwhile  Anandh comes.
Who misplaces his academic certificates.
Bharathy is a woman and looks after her whole family.
A sequence brings them close leading to Nandhana developing love towards him.
Meanwhile  Anandh comes.
She is an orphan brought and goes to find a job herself and settles in life all out of her own efforts.
Anandh rescues her and rushes her to a hospital.
They become very close friends eventually leading to Divya Daisy opening her heart to Anandh.
Caught.
Who Anandh decides to marry.
<EOS>
Ten complete strangers are invited to spend the weekend off the English coast.
Once there  they realize.
None know their unseen host  who has identified himself only as Mr Owen.
Using a prerecorded gramophone  Mr Owen accuses them each.
The law was unable to punish  and promises swift retribution.
Soon thereafter the first guest dies  the victim.
The remaining guests come to realize.
The killer is murdering them.
They realize.
When their attempt to locate Mr Owen proves fruitless.
The unknown assailant is.
<EOS>
The film picks up immediately.
Where the first film had left off.
Laurie Strode is sent to the hospital due to the injuries inflicted by Michael Myers.
Dr Loomis attempts to track him down after he had gone missing.
Meanwhile  Michael is still and kills a girl named Alice in a nearby house  He later learns of Laurie s location from a radio broadcast and makes his way to the hospital.
He seeks shelter to recover.
Laurie begins having flashbacks  her sedation leaving her in a semi-conscious state most of the time  and her friend  developing romantic feelings for her despite the chagrin of the head nurse.
Jimmy Lloyd begins to worry.
Who is trying to keep her resting comfortably.
Dr Loomis and Sheriff Brackett continue to search  only to accidentally kill Ben Tramer   in the process.
Who was dressed and was Laurie s crush in the first movie.
Michael kills the security guard  Mr Garrett  and moves on into the hospital.
The business hours come.
He begins killing off the hospital staff.
Whatever means come available.
He cuts off the phone lines  cutting off all communications.
Rouses Laurie s suspicions when she discovers the phones are nt working.
He kills the head physician Dr Mixter and a nurse named Janet.
Laurie attempts to flee.
Michael can find her.
Meanwhile  Loomis follows clues connecting Michael and the occult.
Might explain his seeming indestructibility.
He is interrupted from the mental institution.
Who says she had been ordered to take him back.
En route  she tells.
Loomis that Laurie Strode is Michael Myers s younger sister and Loomis realizes that she is his target.
Jimmy discovers the head nurse  Mrs Alves  drained before slipping  falling  and sustaining a concussion.
Renders him unconscious.
Meanwhile nurse Jill finds a sedated Laurie walking around and is killed.
When Michael stabs her.
Laurie manages to barely escape Michael and up to the parking lot outside  discovering the security guard s body along the way.
She is unable to start any cars and also notices.
All have been flattened.
Jimmy arrives and once again falls unconscious.
Loomis  the nurse and trooper arrive and just barely save Laurie.
The nurse goes to call for help  Michael cuts the trooper s throat.
Loomis and Laurie flee.
Laurie shoots  causing him to blindly swing at them.
Loomis fills the room.
He then ignites it  blowing up a good bit and evidently immolating them both in the fire.
Laurie is loaded onto an ambulance  having visions of Michael s burning body.
She is driven off.
She sees a familiar shape sit up on the stretcher beside her in the ambulance.
It turns out to be Jimmy.
<EOS>
Chapter headings were  the dinner party the first sign of the inebriate.
The success the drunkard s action the curse of drink the love of a woman cured the nurses  intrigue this is our child repentance the great railway smash men do love women.
<EOS>
Three cheap musical boxes  manufactured  are sold at a local auction house.
However  a criminal gang is determined to steal and recover all three.
If it means committing murder.
Sherlock Holmes tries to recover the music boxes and crack the secret code contained.
The gang can get what they want.
<EOS>
Sequel in-name alone has a good-hearted drifter named Tony get targeted by a vicious gang.
When he attempts to stop a kidnapping.
He must turn and use his wits to stay alive.
<EOS>
-LCB- -LCB- Plot | dateThe LibraryThe DrownedThe LibraryThe ColdThe LibraryWhispersThe Library Final Segment is confronted by the head monk.
Who assures him that all will be fine if he opens the door.
Lovecraft admits.
He dropped the key.
Furious  the monk warns Lovecraft to replace the book  but the author is attacked beneath him.
The last opens up.
The head monk reveals himself to not be human at all.
He begins stretching his body to enter the room.
Lovecraft uses a sword.
The monk mocks Lovecraft  telling him the secrets do not come cheaply.
It will cost your life.
Lovecraft is forced to use his sword once more to wound and stun the monk.
Who is then devoured.
Gathering his things and grabbing the book  Lovecraft begins to depart  being caught.
Who warns him  telling him he will pay for his misdeeds.
Lovecraft then escapes.
It to leave.
It leaves unpursued.
<EOS>
Scrawny Harry Berlin is a barely functional human being.
He is distracted from fifteen years ago.
As he attempts to leap off the bridge.
Harry does nt really recognize him.
There appears to be a contrast with Milt boasting of.
Well he is doing while Harry tries to listen.
Milt takes Harry.
She is complaining.
Their sex life is.
Milt has a secret lover.
Milt convinces a barely-there Harry to make a go with Ellen.
That she is not left lonely when he will divorce her.
It takes a while.
Harry and Ellen eventually fall.
They marry and go for their honeymoon.
This is.
When Ellen realizes that Harry is the world s worst roommate and childish.
She quickly realizes.
Milt and Linda start to settle down.
He has an addiction.
She immediately dumps him.
Leads to Milt to want Ellen back when he realizes how much he loves her.
She admits.
She does nt really love Harry as much as she thought  as his bizarre day-to-day activities get.
Milt and Ellen plot to get back together and convince Harry to divorce her.
He loves her and sets out to prove it.
Milt and Ellen then get the idea.
But  they think of trying to convince Harry to commit suicide once again over the bridge.
It is only.
When the four end up over the bridge that Harry finds love with a bikini-clad Linda.
<EOS>
Maadhu is an orphan.
Who does many odd jobs.
He also attends college.
Who understand his situation  and are ready to help.
He overhears one.
Who is said to be psychologically challenged.
He forcefully makes his mind to love their daughter.
Before they propose a marriage  so as to calm himself that the girl is none other he loved and not some unknown psychologically challenged girl.
Forms the rest.
She proves that she s indeed a normal person and also helps Maadhu to prove his worth.
<EOS>
Playing himself  and having filmed the final scene  Jose Mojica Marins gives an interview discussing his plans for his next film.
Marins replies.
An interviewer asks Marins.
Coffin Joe does not exist.
A camera light then explodes.
He states.
He will leave at the country home of his friend Alvaro to write the script for his next film  which he plans on calling The Demon Exorcist.
He arrives.
He is met there.
Marins is taken and greeted by Alvaro  his wife Lucia  and their three daughters  Betinha  Luciana  and Vilma.
Vilma is soon to be married.
Soon odd things occur around the house and property being frightened.
That night Mr Julio frightens everyone.
When he begins tearing off his shirt and declaring.
Marins investigates the house that night and finds a locked hallway  but is attacked.
The lights turn off.
Betinha sees tarantulas and a snake.
The scene cuts to a strange woman.
Who carries a white cat and is surrounded  and has a framed portrait of Coffin Joe behind her on the wall.
Lucia admits.
Vilma is promised to Eugenio  who is the son of Satan.
Vilma is actually the daughter.
Lucia obtained her to her husband s infertility and faked the pregnancy with the promise to raise Vilma and return her as an adult for the marriage to Eugenio.
The recent occurrences are the result of the witch s anger at Vilma s engagement to Carlos.
Carlos is injured fearing it to be the action of the witch.
The scene then shows the witch biting the head.
Marins then returns and hears Vilma moaning in the next room.
He finds Vilma wandering naked.
She strikes him.
Marins wakens.
He sees the red-gowned hooded figures  Mr Julio and the witch  as well as Vilma and Eugenio side by side.
The constant sounds fills the room.
Some sparks fly and Coffin Joe appears.
The dancers raise their arms.
Marins is shocked to see his creation  shouting rants and pronouncements typical of Coffin Joe  such as may the blood of those.
Who do nt deserve to live burst out.
Coffin Joe walks up a staircase to witness the festivities  mainly topless women dancing exotically to the constant screams of torture and terror.
Fill the background.
Coffin Joe places the rings and Vilma s fingers  announcing may pain and blood spread among us.
When the wedding starts.
The scenes are a series.
Follow. 
The ceremony takes place  Marins hearing it from the next room.
He returns.
When Marins hears the screams.
He found fallen  and brandishes it saying I believe in God.
He then uses the crucifix to quickly exorcise the family members.
Marins and Coffin Joe struggle.
A transparent image is seen leaving Marins  body.
Marins is knocked.
The witch and Eugenio both die.
Marins wakes.
He goes to check and sees Mr Julio setting the table for Christmas dinner  Vilma and Carlos in a loving embrace.
Betinha and Luciana opening presents.
Marins silently takes his leave.
They sing Christmas carols.
The film ends with a serious expression.
The camera zooms.
Shows Coffin Joe who is laughing.
<EOS>
Sasha walks  leaving a bloody trace behind him.
He is chased.
But evil be.
Who will manage to draw up.
The more he becomes a rectification tool.
The older he grows.
The more appalling is a crime  the more dreadful is his punishment.
Shocking and unfathomable events slash the tissue.
Gradually Sasha becomes too dangerous to live.
One day the entire world revolts.
He possesses a supernatural power  enabling him to destroy everything.
SHE makes her sudden appearance.
Ignorant  she falls in love with him.
<EOS>
The plot is basically the same significant difference.
Ed Earl and Miss Mona had a one-night stand fifteen years earlier.
They maintain an ongoing affair.
The relationship brings about not only the accusatory scene.
When the sheriff -- disappointed that Mona has broken her promise to close the Chicken Ranch down long enough -- calls her a whore  but also the happy ending  when he proposes marriage to Mona  even though that might endanger his chances to be elected as a state legislator.
The house used is located at Universal Studios in Hollywood and can be viewed as part of the backlot tram tour.
The inspiration came from a real ranchhouse located outside Austin  Texas.
Is featured.
The role.
Thorpe is based.
<EOS>
Rajalingam and Kannamma are two young people.
Who meet.
The former  knowing  introduces himself.
The latter is.
He is later revealed.
Rajalingam and Kannamma eventually meet.
Where the former finally proposes his love.
Kannamma   accepts him.
Both get married secretly.
This is however witnessed.
Who then promises to keep their marriage.
His father eventually finds out.
When Rajalingam goes.
Her to forget.
Further trouble arises.
When Kannamma is revealed to be pregnant.
She refuses to reveal about.
Whom she slept.
Both leave to a nearby village.
She finally gives birth to a baby boy.
Who is however taken away.
He lies.
Her son was stillborn  leaving her.
The boy grows up and is named Selvam.
Murugan knows.
Selvam is Kannamma s son  which Selvam does nt know.
Meanwhile  Rajalingam   discovers.
Who had returned shortly.
Kannamma had left Kalathur  leaving him angered.
His father arranges to another girl.
Who he accepts soon.
Kannamma later gets a job at the orphanage  without recognizing him as her son.
Where Selvam is.
Rajalingam is later invited to a stage performance  and gets a liking for him.
Where Selvam is performing.
But  Rajalingam finds out.
The show ends.
Kannamma is Selvam s teacher.
Thinking her to be to dismiss her.
Selvam s close friend feel himself.
Mani soon dies  making the former.
Rajalingam soon takes him  and accepts him as his son  despite his father s initial reluctance.
One day   Selvam comes.
When they go.
She explains.
She is his mother.
He also accepts it.
But he also alerts her to Devika.
Kannamma refuses to see Rajalingam s face.
Kannamma finally arrives and reveals to Rajalingam.
She is Selvam s mother.
Rajalingam  however refuses to believe her and orders her to leave.
But his father explains  and reveals.
It was he who was the reason.
Selvam is indeed his grandson.
Rajalingam soon reconciles.
His marriage is cancelled.
<EOS>
Innocent female doctor Mineko was seduced in her younger days.
Mineko begins dating a male coworker  and accepts an invitation.
Sachiko comes out  enraged with jealousy  and begins tormenting Mineko and her boyfriend.
<EOS>
The film stars Pascale Bussieres.
Camille is confused to Petra  a sexy  free-spirited circus performer.
When a carnival subsequently comes.
The cast also includes Don McKellar  Clare Coulter  Tracy Wright and Tom Melissis.
<EOS>
An announcer reports during a blackout.
The Second Front has begun   and that five Royal Air Force fighters have been shot down.
The downed pilots split up and make their way to try to arrange their escape back to England.
They break into a tavern in search of civilian clothes.
Squadron Leader Paul Lavallier  a member  knocks him out and takes his money.
When a German soldier shows up.
Paul contacts an old teacher of his  Father Antoine.
Who agrees to hide the reunited men.
Baby  one  has been shot in the shoulder along the way.
It attracts the attention.
When he slumps over.
Paul manages to distract him  allowing Baby to slip away.
Then the German starts.
Paul tries to hide.
Where he is served.
The agent finds him.
The airman tears the sleeve of Joan s dress.
He then enters the first unlocked room.
He can find.
It is Joan s.
She discovers him hiding.
When she goes to change.
To allay her fears  he tells her.
Father Antoine sent him to give her enough money to buy a new dress.
He persuades her to deliver a message  describing his predicament.
They fall.
They begin working together.
Later  Paul gets Father Antoine to visit a British spy and is to be executed.
Who has been caught.
The priest is able to overcome the doomed man s suspicions and obtains the name.
Father Antoine asks the unsuspected Joan to meet Rosay.
The church is being watched.
However   she passes the shop.
Where she bought her new garment.
A second Gestapo man has traced.
The bank note she used to the robbed soldier and follows her.
She and Mademoiselle Rosay barely escape capture.
Rosay arranges.
Gestapo head Herr Funk plays a cat and mouse game.
Funk apologizes and releases him.
When Paul is picked up.
He can lead the Germans.
That night  Paul finally tells Joan his real identity.
He promises to marry her.
When the war is over.
However  he is unable to shake the Gestapo agent.
Joan takes the map to the others.
Baby dies.
They wait.
Meanwhile  Paul finally manages to kill the Gestapo man.
Funk then offers Joan a devil s bargain  Paul s life.
She leads him.
She agrees.
Finding Paul praying  she tells him.
The others are still waiting.
She then leads Funk  giving the airmen time to make good their escape.
Later  she faces the firing squad bravely.
<EOS>
The movie opens.
Where three dangerous criminals Atlaf  Bohra and Hussain receive 20 years each.
The criminals are unremorsefully casual  and play Chinese Chequers.
The judge reads out their sentence.
En route remarks  we ll be walking free in 20 days.
You just watch.
The scene morphs to complete darkness and the starting credits roll.
The movie now opens.
The perpetrator is shown to be Sugirtharaja a charismatic antagonist with a flair for sadistic mockery.
Back  a visibly distraught panel of ministers and military top brass led by MrRao mull over the dangerous prospects of a nuke falling into terrorists  hands.
They appoint A.
K.
Vikram a government operative  to locate the AgniPutra.
News somehow reaches Sugirtharaja.
Who promptly orders Vikram killed.
But the henchman accidentally shoots to death his three-month-pregnant wife.
Filled  Vikram rebukes Rao for the costly leak and deftly exposes the mole in his office - the trusted secretary Thangaraj.
Thangaraj names Sugirtharaja as the mastermind in front of the panel  but jumps to his death without giving any further details.
Never conduct interrogations on the eighth floor.
Rao introduces Vikram.
Who knows the design.
She is initially annoyed  but mellows down eventually.
Later whilst  Vikram spots Sugirtharaja in a news reel footage.
Further investigation reveals.
All the bad eggs are.
Vikram and Preethi embark on a mission to disarm the nuke by infiltrating Salamia.
They tag along.
Who intend entertaining the winsome Sultan.
Once  the charming princess Inimaasi  sister of the Sultan  falls head-over-heels for Vikram despite the language barrier.
She falls too.
Preethi is constantly put off.
Vikram identifies the location and also discovers.
Where the nuke is held.
The High Priest is a traitor who is secretly using the Eli Kovil to enrich AgniPutra s nuclear capabilities.
One night he sneaks  tweaks the AgniPutra s on-board computer and inadvertently forays into a males not allowed zone.
Where he meets Inimaasi.
His attempts to expose the priest s treason are met.
She is only interested.
The sultan catches the couple hand-in-honey and sentences Vikram to be decapitated.
Vikram however  escapes execution and flees.
Where a gun-toting Sugirtharaja chases him until he gives.
Vikram is bitten.
Sugirtharaja leaves him.
Back  the High priest stages a coup and holds the Sultan at gunpoint.
Inimaasi manages to escape  and finds the delirious Vikram in the desert.
She nurses him back with an amorous touch of love.
The couple then return and fight off the armed sentries.
The Sultan impales the high priest.
Sugirtharaja  oblivious.
AgniPutra s on-board computer has been tweaked.
The Indian officials watch in despair.
Their computer screen shows a 2D animation.
Their despair turns.
When the missile soars back and plunges far away into the Bay of Bengal  thus not harming anyone.
Back the royal guards have almost taken back the palace.
The siege has almost been annulled.
A disillusioned Sugirtharaja forces Preethi and takes off.
Vikram follows the plane  throws a lasso at the skids and eventually climbs onto the wings.
A high-action scuffle ensues.
Sugirtharaja sets-off a bomb and jumps.
Vikram and Preethi jump off.
The plane explodes.
A tense fight ensues the freely falling trio.
Sugirtharaja loses the backpack and falls to his death.
The latter parachutes down to safety cuddling and kissing his girl.
The buxome princess arrives back.
The film ends  with the hero running away from two gorgeous dames close on his heels.
<EOS>
Ryan Dunne is a local baseball prospect.
Who gets an opportunity to play for the Chatham Athletics.
Dunne was born and raised of playing in the major leagues.
He helps his dad and takes care of Veteran s Field.
Where the Chatham A s play.
Ryan falls with Tenley Parrish.
Whose family vacations on Shore Road in Chatham.
Ryan is distracted and feels a lot of pressure from scouts  family  the Parish family  and friends.
Then-Philadelphia Phillies  players Mike Lieberthal  Doug Glanville  and Pat Burrell  along.
Make. 
Other notable cameos include Kevin Youkilis  Curt Gowdy  Hank Aaron & Carlton Fisk.
<EOS>
The film traces the origins through its fictionalized narrative  based around rural empowerment.
When a young veterinary surgeon  played based on then  National Dairy Development Board chief  the 33 year old Dr Verghese Kurien  Manthan Review Channel.
Tribhovandas Patel   Gujarat.
Who joined hands.
Led up a local milk cooperative  in Anand.
Upsets. 
Who were hitherto exploiting the villagers.
Leads as well.
<EOS>
Geraldine Ferraro Elementary is.
Who are either drunk or having sex.
Who extorts money.
It is up to rally the lazy teachers  expose the principal s corruption  and turn the school around before an end of the day board decision.
Is certain to lead.
<EOS>
The film begins at a psychiatric hospital daring a fellow nurse  Nicole  to go into the hospital s basement for a game of Bloody Mary.
Playing  she releases the vengeful spirit and is snatched away.
What the others call The Mirror Game.
Her writer/reporter sister Natalie decides to investigate.
When Nicole is reported missing.
More people are killed.
The film progresses.
Mary herself.
Almost all of the main characters are dead except for Natalie.
Who discovers that Bloody Mary is actually her mother.
<EOS>
This classic western film takes place and stars the sheriff Upton.
Who tries to keep the law.
His main problem is his friend Cheyenne  but has long since been reformed.
Who was a criminal.
Cheyenne becomes   the prime suspect.
When the bank is robbed.
Only his friend seems to be convinced.
<EOS>
Susana grollo fernandez is full.
The heroine  Susana  is a beautiful inmate.
Who escapes.
The correction officer says Imagine  she s been here two years and is worse.
She asks God s help  facing a shadow of the cross formed by the window bars from.
Where a spider crawls away.
The window breaks open.
She escapes.
She ends up.
Soon the whole household is involved.
Jesus  the young ranch helper  Alberto  the family s son and heir  and Guadalupe  Alberto s father   a God-fearing man and the faithful husband  patient Dona Carmen.
<EOS>
Elliot Hopper is a workaholic widower.
Who is about to land the deal at work  which he hopes will win him a promotion and a company car.
Elliot attempts to make it up by promising her.
He forgets his daughter Diane s birthday.
She can have his car when he secures the deal.
Elliot then ends up hailing a taxi from work  and speeds out of control.
Is driven.
Elliot convinces Curtis and commands him to stop the taxi.
He is Satan.
Shocked to see his Evil Master  Burch has an accident and drives off a bridge  causing him and Elliot to fall below.
Elliot emerges and approaches a police officer on the scene.
He quickly learns.
He is   a ghost when the police officer begins urinating on his shoes.
Elliot returns home and is shocked to find his three children.
Are capable  but only when he is in a dark room with no light.
They soon learn.
They are unable to hear him.
He is a ghost.
Struggling to tell his family  he is suddenly whisked away by a paranormal researcher named Sir Edith.
What has happened.
Who tells him he is a ghost who is yet to enter the and that he has until Thursday before his soul crosses over.
The pressure.
Helping his children lead to a comedic series of events.
Which he struggles to keep his job to ensure his family s survival without him.
One day  he is faced.
He eventually decides.
His family s happiness is more important and walks out.
Dejected  Elliot reveals himself  Joan.
Who is initially shocked  but later sympathetic.
Edith arrives  he is simply a spirit.
He is not dead.
Jumped out in fright.
Diane trips on a pair of skates.
Elliot s youngest daughter Amanda left  causing her to fall down the staircase and get seriously injured.
They rush her.
Elliot is confronted   she takes it all very humorously  flying excitedly around the hospital ward.
She had also jumped out.
Elliot begs her to get back  imploring her not to waste her life.
His body starts to flicker.
Diane becomes concerned collapses on the floor  and races into the intensive care unit.
Where she discovers her father s body.
She then helps him.
Where he learns his body had no identification  as the taxi driver had taken his wallet before the accident.
Elliot returns and wakes up  along with Diane.
Who jumps off the operating table excitedly and tells the rest what has happened.
Reunited  the family are just leaving the hospital to return home.
When Elliot spots a yellow taxi parked outside.
He discovers Burch  delighted to see his Evil Master and gives Elliot his imitation Gucci wallet back.
Elliot then tells Burch to go and sit on red hot coals and wait for him.
It snows.
<EOS>
The story.
Who recapitulating her childhood memories.
She remembers the detachment.
Malini is now a well-versed photographer working.
Her photographic skills explores.
When they are dead and seeks to find out the emotions.
She comes in contact with Urmila Sanyal  the leading social activist.
Who has dedicated her life.
The story then takes a turn.
Who is the lavish brat.
There is the family expectations tied to her.
There is urge for preserving her.
Is ready to bear its outcomes.
She gets romantically involved.
It is then  she realizes the real faces.
When she becomes pregnant.
Whom she has been respecting and admiring so much.
She is being out cast and constantly pressurized to surrender to the patriarchal will.
But revolting she comes to discover the illegitimacy of her own birth and finds Urmila Sanyal as her escapist mother.
Who was scared.
<EOS>
The Stooges are artists living.
The boys skip out and wind up accidentally joining the French Foreign Legion.
When the landlord comes.
They confuse.
Posted  their assignment is to guard Captain Gorgonzola from the natives.
The boys must disguise themselves and try to rescue their captain.
When the captain is kidnapped.
<EOS>
The story follows a young boy named Leo.
Who is invited to spend his summer holidays at a Norfolk country house during the early.
He finds himself a ` go-between  caught up.
Leo stays there.
She loves.
Dominic Guard plays.
The young Leo and Michael Redgrave plays the same character.
Pinter s screenplay - his final collaboration  following The Servant and Accident.
<EOS>
The film covers Karen Carpenter to her untimely death by cardiac arrest in.
The movie begins Agnes Carpenter discovering Karen s body in her parents  Downey  California home on February 4  1983  and then returns by flashback to.
The story touches from 1966 on  the duo s signing with record label A&M their initial success and subsequent decline Karen s development of anorexia nervosa her on-stage collapse in Las Vegas her search for treatment for her anorexia nervosa her attempt to restart her career.
Claim that she gradually developed a reliance.
An unusual facet was.
Instead  almost all parts were played by modified Barbie dolls.
Haynes detailed Karen Carpenter s worsening anorexia by subtly whittling away at the face and arms of the Karen Barbie doll.
Sets were created properly scaled.
Interspersed were documentary-style segments detailing the times and also detailing anorexia  these segments were seen as dry and melodramatic parodies of the documentary genre.
Which Karen Carpenter lived.
The underlying soundtrack included many popular hits  including songs by Gilbert OSullivan  Elton John  Leon Russell and the Carpenters themselves.
The tone was sympathetic to Karen  especially in regards to her anorexia.
Much was gained by making the other characters as unsympathetic as possible.
Karen s parents  Harold and Agnes  were portrayed.
After she turned.
The duo s initial meeting was intercut with stock footage of Vietnam War scenes.
Richard Carpenter was portrayed.
Who frequently sided against Karen  and was also depicted as more concerned with his and Karen s careers than with Karen s health.
This culminated  What are you trying to do.
Haynes even insinuated - which   would have destroyed the Carpenters  clean-cut image and the group s career.
Richard was homosexual.
It had been reported.
Haynes  treatment was quite dark  his choice of black captions often blended in with the scene  rendering them unreadable.
Additionally  Haynes worked spanking with a repeated segment featuring a black-and-white overhead view of someone  possibly Harold  administering an over-the-knee spanking to a bare-bottomed adult Karen.
The meaning is never discussed  leaving it to the viewer s imagination - it may be an actual event  a representation of Karen s self-loathing regarding her inability to be the perfect child  or a representation of the self-discipline involved with her anorexia.
<EOS>
America was divided over the Vietnam War.
Johnson announced.
He would not run.
Democrat Robert Kennedy  the Presidential hopeful  was assassinated that summer.
The Democratic National Convention was held.
Where leaders planned a protest.
Chicago Mayor Daley used police force to brutally quell the rally.
Rioting broke out in the streets.
One person was killed  hundreds were injured.
Thousands were arrested.
One year later  newly-elected President Richard Nixon gave the green light to prosecute eight men.
Who were accused to incite a riot.
The FBI brought them.
Where they stood trial.
They were known thereafter.
<EOS>
Priest has retired back in the streets of New York.
Now living comfortably with his lover Georgia -LRB- Frazier.
He plays cards with  he comes into contact with Dr Lamine Sonko.
A native.
Dr Sonko is a revolutionary living and would like Priest to assist him with supplying guns for his fellow countrymen to defeat colonialism in his country.
Priest is not interested.
Dr Sonko  having learned some things upon him he has an obligation to help African people.
Having time to think and perhaps feeling a sense for his cocaine hustling days  Priest decides to visit Africa to see things for himself against the wishes of Georgia.
Returning back from his visit  he decides to assist Dr Sonoko.
He is able to acquire the guns needed.
Dr Sonko needs him to get the guns without detection.
Priest agrees to do.
Priest is captured and detained.
Arriving. 
The officials suspect gun smuggling  but do not find any evidence.
When searching the wooden crates delivered.
They question Priest without getting answers.
Leads them to beat and lock him.
Priest cleverly rigs an electric light switch to kill one of the officials and ambushes a second to escape capture.
Who guard him.
Beaten and exhausted  he exits the dark room similar.
Entering the daylight to prayer echoes all around.
Priest has now fulfilled a certain sense  and seems to be absolved from his past life.
He returns.
They embrace and walk away together.
<EOS>
The film tells.
Who comes.
The Harvard student meets and falls in love with Jennifer Cavalleri  a working-class  quick-witted Radcliffe College student.
The two decide to marry against the wishes of Oliver s father.
Who thereupon severs ties.
The couple struggles to pay Oliver s way through Harvard Law School with Jenny working as a private school teacher.
They rent the top floor  in the Agassiz neighborhood of Cambridge adjacent to a local laundromat.
Graduating third at Harvard Law  Oliver takes a position at a respectable New York law firm.
The pair of 24-year-olds decide to have a child.
They consult a medical specialist.
Who  informs Oliver that Jenny is ill and will soon die.
She appears to have leukemia.
This is not stated explicitly.
Oliver attempts to live a normal life.
Instructed. 
Jenny nevertheless discovers her ailment.
Jenny begins costly cancer therapy.
Their days together numbered.
Oliver soon becomes unable to afford the multiplying hospital expenses.
Desperate  he seeks financial relief.
Oliver says yes.
When the senior Barrett asks if he needs the money because he got some girl.
Jenny speaks with her father about funeral arrangements  then asks for Oliver.
She tells him to avoid blaming himself  and asks him to embrace her tightly.
She dies.
They lie together.
He is met.
A grief-stricken Oliver leaves the hospital.
Who now wants to apologize.
Oliver replies.
Love means never having to say you re sorry and cries.
<EOS>
Happy end tells the life story  however  it is told entirely in reverse  giving rise to a different story than the one a forward-flowing narrative.
Would depict.
It thus begins.
He sets out and soon marries.
He has to assemble his.
The reversed chronology also applies  lines are read in an ostensibly reversed order  variously resulting in sheer situational comedy and dada.
<EOS>
Kay Dowling  the spoiled daughter  is sent by her father to his ranch in Ursula  Wyoming  fearing.
She will be named a.
Kay s suitor  Herbert Forrest  proposes marriage.
She leaves.
She chooses the ranch over a honeymoon cruise.
Later   Kay falls reluctantly and impulsively marries him.
Spending her days.
He disowns her.
When her father learns.
Kay and Tom are forced to live.
Tom tries to expand his cattle herd.
One year later  Kay is unhappy.
One day she receives a telegram  and tells Tom.
Her father is sick and that she must be.
Back  Kay writes a letter to Tom  asking for a divorce.
Tom arrives at the estate and explains.
He left the ranch to become a professional bronco rider.
Kay assumes.
He never received the letter.
Tom never mentions it.
One night  Tom overhears the guests making fun of him.
He tells Kay.
She can have her divorce.
Later   Kay visits Tom.
She realizes that life would amount to a life of playing golf.
He is thrown from a bronco and hurt.
Kay rushes.
The two reconcile and decide to return.
<EOS>
The day begins  jokingly asking Marty Rantzen  the school nerd  to have sex with her in the women s locker room.
Marty is surprisingly exposed.
He removes his clothes.
Who tease him  including jabbing at his crotch with a javelin  giving him an electric shock and dunking his head into a toilet bowl.
This prank ends.
When the students  coach comes in to find out what is happening.
The students are forced to perform a vigorous workout.
Still  two students give Marty a marijuana joint laced.
He smokes where he is working on a chemistry project.
The joint makes him so sick.
He runs.
Skip  one  rigs the experiment to explode in Marty s face.
He is gone.
The set-up works  causing Marty to panic  and a great fire to erupt in the lab.
He knocks.
Marty accidentally bumps into a shelf.
Where a precariously placed jug sits  causing the jug to fall and break.
Splashes acid  leaving him horribly disfigured.
The sound attracts the attention.
Who stand.
Years later  those are invited back to the school for a reunion.
They discover.
The building is  awaiting demolition.
They begin to think.
One was behind the invitations.
Everyone denies it.
They decide to break.
Are filled with their old belongings.
They notice Marty s old locker.
The alumni begin questioning.
What happened after the.
Skip tells them.
Marty is doing fine and probably forgot all.
He has supposedly been.
Soon thereafter  the friends begin to die at the hands of a mysterious killer dressed like a jester.
One s stomach explodes  one melts away  one is impaled on a javelin  one is chopped up by a riding lawn mower.
They quickly come to believe.
It is Marty  deranged and bent.
All the former students wind up dead.
Then come back as ghosts and the film closes.
He wakes up.
The film ends.
<EOS>
Billy Hoyle is a former college basketball player.
Who makes a living hustling streetballers who assume he can not play well because he is white.
Hoyle never downplays his skill to increase the stakes  it is the black basketball players  own assumptions.
Are. 
Such a talented but arrogant player is Sidney Deane  a star  California outdoor courts.
He is humiliated twice in front of his friends  losing a wager.
But he also recognizes a good thing.
When he sees one and immediately begins to think.
Billy and his girlfriend Gloria Clemente are.
A voracious reader  making note  Gloria s goal in life is to be a contestant on the television show Jeopardy! and make a fortune.
Sidney s mission is to buy a house for his family outside the rough Baldwin Village  Crenshaw District neighborhood of Los Angeles.
He talks Billy.
They hustle other players.
But  it turns out  making Billy lose $.
When they unexpectedly lose a game.
Sidney has double-crossed Billy.
Gloria is incensed and is also suspicious of.
It happened.
She tells Billy   you really lose.
When you win.
And sometimes  you really win.
When you lose.
And  you actually tie and sometimes  you actually win or lose.
When you win or lose.
When you tie.
Winning or losing is all one organic globule.
Which one extracts what one needs.
Gloria agrees to share some provided.
They get to his wife for fairness.
Sidney and Billy are willing to team up again.
Sidney and Billy do win the grand prize  largely due to Billy s ability to disrupt his opponents  concentration.
They bicker incessantly.
Billy s most notable claim is.
He is.
Sidney is pleased  yet he can not help mocking Billy about his inability to slam dunk.
White men ca nt jump  he notes.
Billy  however  claims.
Dunking the basketball is unnecessary grandstanding  while expressing a belief that black guys would rather look good and lose than look bad and win.
Billy insists.
He can indeed dunk.
Sidney clearly disagrees.
Infuriated  Billy claims.
He is willing to bet his share.
Sidney accepts and gives him three chances.
Billy fails  losing his share.
She leaves him.
When he tells Gloria.
One works.
A security guard.
He agrees to get her.
Billy can sink a hook shot.
To begin  Gloria stumbles  but makes a comeback with a pet topic  Foods That Start With The Letter ` Q.
She wins $.
Gloria and Billy get back together.
Billy sings Gloria a song.
He has composed to win her back.
Everything is all right again.
Now it is Sidney.
Who suffers misfortune and needs a favor.
He and his family are burglarized and become more desperate.
Billy is supposed to get a steady job and settle down.
Sidney needs him to play basketball again and use his share of Gloria s take.
Gloria warns.
If Billy gambles we are through.
Billy feels.
He must honor the obligation he owes Sidney.
They play a final game.
A.
Scene  The King and Duck.
Sidney and Billy prevail  the winning points coming.
When Sidney lobs an alley-oop pass.
Returning home happy  Billy discovers Gloria has kept her word and left him.
He is crushed.
Then the mobsters track him down.
Who are.
He pays off his debts.
Billy once again asks Sidney to set him up.
Billy says.
Gloria has left him many times  but that this is it.
Sidney remarks Maybe you.
Two were better off.
Billy launches.
The closing credits are about to roll.
They are right back -- but  this time.
Where they began.
<EOS>
Peter and Joey drive their 1960 Chevrolet Impala.
Who can find them.
But their relatives hide.
What they see.
The two are set adrift.
The men find minimum wage jobs for a 40-hour week  still much better pay than anything they could have found back home.
They soon turn their good fortune.
Both men start romances.
Joey decides to get married.
When he gets his girlfriend pregnant.
He pursues a lifestyle undreamt.
The larger apartment and payments start to strain his finances.
He becomes desperate.
The expenses start to mount.
Disaster strikes.
When Peter and Joey get laid off.
Unable to find steady work.
Having bills to pay and a baby  they come up with a harebrained scheme to rob groceries from a Loblaws supermarket  a plan.
Inevitably results.
<EOS>
Prior to the Normandy landings  Gus Lang  an Allied agent  is sent to occupied France.
Order to rescue an overlord captured - one of the key people with intimate knowledge of when and where the D-Day invasion will actually occur.
Several people will help him to succeed  a secret friend.
Who is a highly placed mole  and the French resistance.
The SS  however  will try to block their plans.
<EOS>
Tiger Haynes traps wild animals  and bears the scars of his dangerous occupation on his face.
He cares.
Toyo tells him.
When he returns from his latest foray in the jungle.
She and Bobby Bailey  the son  have fallen in love and are engaged.
Initially opposed  Tiger gives them his blessing.
Bobby protects the girl.
Tiger and Bobby take the captured animals down the river to Bobby s father.
Bobby becomes infatuated with the alluring Madame de Sylva.
They regard each other.
When Bobby introduces Tiger.
Tiger takes Bobby.
He explains.
Waiting. 
Madame de Sylva is Toyo s mother.
She ran away.
When Toyo was only a baby.
Aghast  Bobby makes.
Tiger promise to keep the whole incident secret.
Tiger is worried.
When they reach the port.
Bobby and de Sylva will be sailing on the same ship.
Bobby reassures him.
However  Madame de Sylva arrives unexpectedly and is welcomed.
De Sylva uses all her feminine wiles to try to lure Bobby away.
She tells Bobby.
Toyo overhears the truth.
She only wants him to be happy.
That frees Bobby.
Tiger secretly opens the cage.
Who still remembers being mistreated long ago.
It is implied.
The femme fatale is killed.
Tiger rushes and is gravely injured.
When Toyo and Bobby come out to see what is going on.
Afterward  hiding the seriousness  Tiger watches the young couple get married by the Padre.
<EOS>
A married couple and their three young adult children  a son and two daughters  live.
A tall fence surrounds.
The property and the children have never been of the outside world  even of the existence of the telephone.
They are taught different meanings.
They are told.
A zombie is a small yellow flower  and that sea is a chair.
The parents promise.
Each child will be ready to venture once she or he has lost a dogtooth.
He never appears.
The children are told they have a brother.
The only non-family member is Christina  a young woman.
To come.
Who works as a security guard.
She is driven to the compound - travelling both ways blindfolded.
Where she performs sexual favors.
Dissatisfied  Christina seeks oral sex from the elder daughter in exchange for a headband.
The elder daughter obliges but does not recognize the significance.
Later  she gives the headband  in exchange for being licked on the shoulder.
Is marked.
The parents have tricked the children.
Overhead planes are merely toys.
They allow the children to search.
They have planted.
The child owns it.
Finds the toy.
One day the older daughter finds her brother playing  she retaliates by cutting his arm with a kitchen knife.
The father visits a dog training facility and demands to have his dog returned.
The trainer refuses.
The dog has only reached the second stage.
He lectures the father.
Its training is complete.
He poses the question  Do we want an animal or a friend.
The parents tell the children  but promise.
When the arrival is considered imminent.
The mother will soon give birth.
The birth can be forgone if the son and daughters show improvement in their behavior.
The siblings are terrified.
The son ambushes and kills it with a pair of pruning shears.
The parents decide to take advantage.
The father shreds his clothes  covers himself  and comes home.
Where he tells his children that their unseen brother was mauled by a cat  the most fearsome creature.
The children are taught to get down and bark maniacally as a precaution against cats.
A memorial service is held.
Which the family members lob flowers  in mourning.
Christina is again brought to perform her services.
She once more requests oral sex.
However  the daughter rejects Christina s offer  choosing instead the two films in Christina s bag.
Christina refuses to hand over the films  but eventually agrees.
The elder daughter watches the films.
They have a significant influence.
She recreates scenes and quotes them in her free moments.
The father finds the videotapes  fashions one  and uses it to beat his daughter s head.
Then he goes  removes her VCR player from the wall and knocks her off her chair with it.
He curses her future children to be corrupted.
He leaves.
The son s knee is injured with a hammer.
He accuses his younger sister.
She claims.
He was attacked.
The father accepts her story.
The parents quickly decide.
They should allow the son to choose one of the daughters as a replacement.
He chooses the elder.
Fondling both sisters simultaneously closed.
Who is later dressed and prepared.
The elder daughter is visibly uncomfortable  and afterwards recites a threatening passage from Rocky IV to her brother.
The elder daughter s agitation begins to show.
Staged. 
She dances the choreography to exhaustion and then devours her dessert.
Later   she smashes her face with a dumbbell to knock out a dogtooth.
Smiling and bloody  she runs undetected.
Where she lets herself and closes it over her.
The father discovers her blood and tooth fragments.
He runs.
The other three remain just  barking like dogs on all fours.
The son and younger daughter hold each other and kiss.
The father drives to work  unwittingly carrying the elder daughter.
The father goes inside.
The car sits  unattended.
The daughter remains.
<EOS>
Wealthy  newly retired sea captain.
James McKay travels to join his fiancee Patricia at the enormous ranch owned by her father  Major Terrill.
Terrill has been feuding.
Patricia s friend  schoolteacher Julie Maragon  owns the Big Muddy  a large ranch.
She is caught.
She has been allowing Hannassey to use her water  while Terrill has been trying to buy her land in order to put Hannassey out of business.
McKay refuses to be provoked  having sworn off such behavior.
His father died.
He does nothing to stop Hannassey s trouble-making son Buck.
He declines a challenge  to ride an unruly horse.
Patricia  Terrill  and Leech consider this to be cowardly.
McKay stays and successfully rides the unruly horse while telling no one except ranch hand Ramon.
When Terrill and the men ride in retribution for Buck s harassment.
One morning   McKay rides to the Big Muddy  using a map and compass to navigate the terrain  and persuades Julie to sell him her land by promising to continue her policy of allowing both the Terrills and the Hannasseys access to the river.
Meanwhile  a search party spends two days looking  believing.
He is lost.
McKay finds the search party and explains.
He was not.
Leech -- -- calls him a liar.
Who is clearly motivated by his jealousy of McKay over Patricia.
McKay again refuses to be goaded.
He and Patricia agree to reconsider their engagement.
She becomes upset.
Early the next morning   McKay settles.
Anybody else is up.
They fight away  without witnesses  to an exhausted draw.
Leech begins to respect McKay.
Later   Julie tells Patricia.
McKay has moved.
He bought the Big Muddy and privately rode the horse.
Patricia visits him.
He plans to allow water access  she becomes enraged.
When he tells her.
They break the engagement permanently.
Meanwhile   Leech and his men chase Hannassey s cattle away from the Big Muddy.
Hannassey   kidnaps Julie and uses her as bait to lure Terrill into an ambush in the narrow canyon leading to Hannassey s home.
Buck tries to rape her.
His father stops him.
He rides with Ramon.
When McKay finds out.
Buck tells Julie.
He will kill McKay unless she says she is there willingly.
McKay shows Hannassey the deed and promises him equal access to the water.
McKay declares to Hannassey.
When Hannassey says he intends to fight Terrill anyway.
The fight is really a personal vendetta.
McKay and Buck fight.
Hannassey stops the conflict.
When Buck draws his gun  and decides they will settle their quarrel with a formal duel.
Both men turn and aim.
Buck fires.
Hannassey prepares to kill Buck.
Required. 
McKay stops him.
Buck drops and crawls behind a wheel.
McKay slowly and deliberately takes aim.
McKay fires.
Hannassey spits.
Buck grabs a gun.
McKay and Julie start to leave.
Order to kill McKay.
Hannassey shoots his son dead.
Meanwhile  Terrill insists.
Initially  Leech refuses to accompany him.
The other men follow his lead.
However   Leech catches up with him.
The remaining hands again align themselves by following.
The group soon rides.
Acknowledging the truth  Hannassey orders.
His men to stop shooting and challenges Terrill.
Hannassey and Terrill kill each other.
McKay  Julie  and Ramon ride out together.
<EOS>
The movie opens.
Another officer approaches him and informs him.
He is needed.
They depart immediately.
Varma arrives and sees the body of Ouseppachan s daughter-in-law  Omana on the grounds behind the house  in an apparent suicide.
He is then introduced.
The initial report conducted concluded.
Omana had committed suicide below.
Varma questions the members as well as neighbors and servants about Omana s relationship with her husband Sunny.
Sunny admits she died and throwing her onto their bed before leaving to drink  but swears he never hit her.
He also tells Varma.
Omana had attempted suicide before.
Ouseppachan claims.
He came home that night  dropped off by his driver  Vasu  only to find himself locked out of the house.
He decided to go around the back.
Where the cook s quarters were located when he stumbled.
Dissatisfied from several suspects  Varma immediately suspects foul play and is determined to find the truth.
The next morning  the Regional Medical Officer concludes.
Omana died at 8pm the previous night.
Omana s cousin Chacko  a police officer working  finds this autopsy report suspicious and tells Varma and Officer Alex.
He has doubts.
He informs them.
It rained severely Omana allegedly committed suicide.
Her corpse would have been wet.
She had died.
The blood would have been mixed in with the rain water.
Alex   warns Ouseppachan to do.
Who is taking bribes.
What he can to get Varma and Chacko.
Sensing  Ouseppachan implores his best friend  Narayanan  a local politician  to call his politician friends to have Varma transferred.
Varma will cause him trouble.
They also managed to transfer Omana s cousin  Chacko.
A new Dy SP  Devadas  takes.
Devadas   intimidates Omana s grieving family and any witnesses.
Who is also being bribed.
May implicate Ouseppachan or Sunny.
He quickly concludes the investigation stating.
Omana committed suicide.
Omana s father Thomachan and her sister Annie are determined to seek justice.
They implore the CBI to re-open the case and find the truth.
The Director assigns Sethuraman Iyer to head the investigation.
He is assisted.
Iyer and his team find evidence  citing an increased amount of phone calls to Ministers and Party Leaders from Narayan s phone number  and thousands of rupees worth of cash withdrawals from Ouseppachan s bank.
Were never reported.
Iyer meets.
Who help him by informing him of inconsistent testimony from suspects and the inconsistencies with the Regional Medical Examiner s autopsy report.
Later that week  Iyer and his team bring two dummies the same height and weight to Ouseppachan s house.
They take the dummies to roof and drop one straight.
As if it jumped  and threw the other.
If someone had thrown the body.
They find  and concluded.
Omana s body landed approximately as the dummy that was thrown.
She could not have jumped that far.
Next  they decide to track down Ouseppachan s driver  Vasu.
Who has been missing after Omana s death.
Harry finds out.
Vasu had given a local banker some jewelry for a loan.
Was a bracelet belonging to Omana.
Immediately put all suspicion.
They finally find him and take him.
Where he confesses that shortly after he got home  Narayan came to his house and told him that Sunny had accidentally killed Omana during a domestic dispute.
Vasu then said.
Narayan and the others implored him to carry Omana s body to the roof and fling her off.
It was alone with Omana s dead body.
Vasu had noticed her gold bracelet and decided to steal it.
Iyer is not convinced.
Sunny had left the house after hitting Omana.
That would mean.
She died.
However  Iyer examines photographs and finds.
Omana still bled when she was dropped some 2 hours later.
She could not have died.
Dead bodies do not retain heat thus causing the blood.
Iyer notices a small blood stain on Omana s saree below the waist.
Iyer is convinced.
The autopsy report stated that she sustained no injuries.
The blood was left behind.
They find.
It is O-negative  a rare blood type.
Remembering  Iyer goes and finds.
The town had imposed mandatory blood tests recently by the local authorities to combat malaria.
The blood type was so rare that only two people had it.
Iyer arrives at Ouseppachan s house with a large police backup unit and places Ouseppachan under arrest for the murder of Omana.
Shocked  Ouseppachan vehemently denies killing her.
Iyer would not relent.
Seeing his father being arrested.
He committed.
He killed Omana accidentally.
Iyer tells Sunny.
Omana did not die when he hit her  that she only fainted.
Iyer then goes on to explain.
The blood  which did not match her own  was left behind by the real killer.
He informs them.
One is Johny  Ouseppachan s.
Confronted  Johny confesses Omana had died.
He had come the night.
Finding her passed out   he suffocated her to death.
He attempted to rape her  but when she woke up and started screaming.
He accidentally cut himself and left his blood on her saree.
Thomachan and Annie thank Iyer  Harry and Vikram.
Bringing Omana s killer.
The movie ends to Sukumaran Kurup  a real life notorious fugitive wanted in India for murder.
Who is still on the run.
<EOS>
Michael Chambers returns home to celebrate his mother s remarriage.
Michael had fled his hometown and had left his wife Rachel to deal with the mess.
He created.
He must now reassimilate  renew his relationships with his family and friends and  most of all  seek out his ex-wife to woo her again.
Michael obtains a job working.
He almost seems the perfect prodigal son.
He finds his niche back back into his ex-wife s heart.
His troubles increase.
When he and Rachel are caught by her hoodlum boyfriend Dundee.
To get out  Michael must concoct a plan to steal a payroll being transported by his armored car company.
<EOS>
The story opens after VE Day.
General Patton  orders.
Gold reserves held be transported to Frankfurt.
But the train is robbed.
The shipment arrives.
Its US Army MP guards are killed.
It s then revealed.
A group  led by a colonel  are behind the crime.
The investigation  started  initially leads to OSS Major Joe DeLuca.
It seems.
The robbers used his plan to steal the gold.
This prompts DeLuca to start his own investigation.
His first stop is to see his old wartime commander  Colonel Mike McCauley.
Who is now living.
Meanwhile   the corrupt American officers hire Webber  a professional assassin  to kill Patton.
The investigation gets closer.
Soon DeLuca meets Mara  a former girlfriend.
Who can help him find the culprits.
But before they can do.
They find out that Webber is and also planning to kill Patton.
The pair now have to save the general and catch the villainous officers.
<EOS>
Ruby and Garnet are identical twins.
Who once lived.
Their mother  Opal died.
They are happy together.
Then Dad gets a new girlfriend  Rose.
The twins and Gran hate her.
Dad decides to make things worse.
When he loses his job.
He sends Gran and takes his three girls to the country  to open a bookshop.
The bookshop more or less fails.
The twins make enemies.
They nickname Blob and his gang.
The twins are brunettes.
They are redheads.
They do everything bad and then regret it.
They totally loathe their new life.
They apologise to Dad and make him biscuits.
Ruby comes across a Newspaper Advert for an audition for a Television adaptation of the novel The Terrible Tempest Twins.
Was probably named.
Garnet is nt keen.
Ruby insists.
He clearly says no  so Ruby steals money and makes Garnet go to Birmingham with her to the audition.
The casting director is very impressed.
But then it s Garnet s turn.
She goes completely blank.
Dad turns up.
He is furious.
Ruby appears.
When they are watching the news that night.
Then they show the filming location  a boarding school called Marnock Heights.
Ruby insists.
Her a place.
They get a reply.
Then they realise.
When they show Dad and Rose.
It costs # 10000  unless they get a scholarship.
They sit an entrance exam.
Only one girl can get the scholarship.
Ruby is so confident  desperate to be different.
It s her  that when Garnet gets the place  she goes.
Garnet copies her to be her twin.
Then Ruby loses the rag completely and violently chops off her pigtails.
She wo nt talk to Garnet at all and says and then the day comes.
They are split.
When Garnet is going.
They make up.
Garnet later calls her.
Everything is brilliant  considering.
She was really nervous beforehand.
The film closes.
We ll always be Ruby and Garnet  and ever.
<EOS>
Teenager Matt Banting wants to work.
He gets more.
He bargained.
Matt is forced to confront his inner monsters.
<EOS>
American writer Tom Ricks arrives to be closer to his young daughter.
Who is living.
Completely broke  he accepts a job.
Stationed  his only task is to push a button.
When a bell rings.
The tranquility  he hopes  will help him focus on his new novel.
His days become more exciting  she will only see him twice a week.
When he starts a romance.
He should ask no questions.
He begins to believe.
When people suddenly start dying.
A dark force has entered his life  punishing anyone who has recently done him wrong.
Tom tries to use his weekly visits as an alibi  only to find out.
The police accuse him.
She has nt lived.
<EOS>
Eadie runs away.
Where her stepfather had her working.
She tells her man-hungry friend Kitty.
She has ideals and plans to marry a somebody so she can accomplish something worthwhile.
She lands a job at a party at the mansion of wealthy Frank Cousins.
There  she manages to see Cousins alone  oddly  he offers her expensive gifts.
She refuses to accept them.
They become engaged.
She is surprised.
When he readily agrees.
Unbeknownst.
R.
Paige had just before refused to save Cousins.
He shoots himself.
However  the evening is nt a total waste  she becomes acquainted with T.
R.
Can ask embarrassing questions.
When she gets him to retrieve the cufflinks before the investigating policeman.
Eadie visits her new friend.
When she says she has been fired and that she is determined to marry a rich man  an alarmed T.
R.
Gives her some money and leaves.
Eadie and Kitty follow and visit T.
R.
S office.
Eadie is spotted.
R.
S son Tom.
Not knowing  Eadie tries to brush him off.
Who he is.
He is very persistent.
Eventually  she learns his identity  but remains cool.
It becomes clear that he is not interested.
Tom finally manages to get her alone.
She defends her virtue and   he lets.
Her go.
Tom tells his father.
He wants to marry Eadie.
T.
R.
Gives his blessing  but  calls the district attorney.
Tom tells Eadie.
They are going to get married.
A man sneaks.
He leaves however.
Some photographers catch her.
The district attorney accuses her.
She tells Tom.
When Tom and his father come to see her.
R.
Must have framed her  but Tom s father is much more persuasive.
Tom breaks up.
Tom s rival  the married Charlie Turner  bails Eadie out.
She sneaks into T.
R.
S stateroom.
He and Tom are taking.
She emerges unexpectedly  clad only  and embraces a surprised T.
R just as photographers take his picture.
Having been disillusioned  Eadie gets drunk and turns.
However  Kitty keeps them.
Alone together as long as she can.
Tom arrives just  having changed his mind  and puts Eadie in the shower to sober up.
T.
R.
Follows. 
To save his reputation  he has told the press.
She was innocent and that she was married to Tom.
He is also impressed.
A quick wedding is arranged.
<EOS>
Mal Granger somehow rises to head of a major illegal gambling operation and Lt.
Wright is out to get him.
Knowing  small-time bookmaker Chippie Evans proposes a scheme.
Much Granger likes to bet.
Which Granger s expertise would provide gangster Vince Walters with race results in advance.
Granger accepts the offer and also takes an interest.
She is arrested.
Granger s new method makes him invaluable to Walters.
He threatens to cut Walter s off cold.
He is cut.
Walters gives in.
One is uttered  Chippie  Walters  would nt cut his grandmother in Granger  I know.
When Granger tells Chippie before.
He will.
I got him.
That line got .
Granger takes full control.
East Coast mob henchman Larry Mason is sent to get a piece of the action.
He travels west and uses his own wife Gail.
Who is nt aware he is being cheated until Trudy returns and tells him.
Granger is being short changed for necessary expenses he his told.
He vows to get even.
Granger is anyway and incensed.
When Mason beats her.
He hires a man named Gizzi to kill Mason.
He blackmails him instead.
Gizzi realizes who Granger is.
Granger runs Gizzi s car HE is his new partner.
When Gizzi tells him.
Using his telephone know-how  Granger places a call.
Wright appear.
Makes it.
He is and has an alibi.
He is actually  then goes to meet Gail in Palm Springs.
The police trace Grangers  car  tieing him to Gizzi s death.
& match it.
Gail and Chippie try to get the Syndicate s money with a pass post phone line swindle.
Chippie is recognized by a former bookie.
Granger had roughed up.
The mob grabs.
Chippie  determine Granger is  call Lt.
Wright.
Granger and Gail flee.
They are cornered by police.
Granger is killed.
Gail is placed.
<EOS>
Dr Sagar is a London-based psychiatrist.
Who works.
He is strongly opposed to shock therapy.
Is a source.
One day he accidentally saves a girl  and takes her home.
Who is being attacked.
The girl  Dhara  is behaving extremely childishly.
Sagar quickly finds out.
She is mentally disturbed  but not retarded.
He decides to keep her out  and to take care of her at his own home.
Dhara s condition gradually improves.
Simultaneously  they slowly fall with each other.
Sagar even plans marrying her.
His friend Sahil comes to visit him  and decided to stay.
When Sagar has to leave.
He returns.
There he stumbles now.
The two fall quickly.
He catches them.
When Sagar returns.
Sagar  completely broken  loses his mind himself.
Now it is Dhara s turn to take care.
However   she loses it herself again.
She succeeds.
<EOS>
The story takes place  in an imaginary alternative Tokyo and in.
Has taken a different history.
World War II never happened.
Aristocrats continue to thrive.
They have.
There is a wide gap and the poor with aristocrats owning 90 % of the wealth.
The right-wing military industrial complex have developed a Tesla-style energy beam with the ability to cause Tunguska-style devastation.
However.
There are rumors.
Endo Heikichi is a circus acrobat.
One day  he is deceived  and arrested as.
The old man turns out to be K-20 himself.
Heikichi succeeds to escape.
He decides to hunt down the real K-20 to prove his innocence.
Meanwhile  K-20 sets his eyes.
Whose fiance is Akechi Kogoro  who is a famous detective and once arrested Heikichi.
Heikichi happens to help Yoko.
Who is chased.
He somehow convinces Yoko and Kogoro.
He is not the real.
He begins to fight with Yoko and Kogoro  with his courageousness and incredible physical dexterity.
<EOS>
The film begins.
Which it zooms.
They sit to rest.
Where the porter finds that this is Minamoto no Yoshitsune  Benkei  and his advisors.
Their job is to cross a border checkpoint  so they disguise themselves as monks.
<EOS>
The Hong Kong government banned smoking in all indoor areas  causing smokers from neighboring buildings to gather for cigarette breaks during office hours at trash bins with ashtrays near their work premises.
The regulars started sharing small talks.
Dirty jokes became known as the Hot Pot Pack.
Jimmy is an advertising executive.
Who befriended Cherie  a cosmetic sales girl  shortly.
Jimmy broke up.
Cherie s flirting during their cigarette breaks  through text messages and excursions at night eventually led to Cherie s break up with her lived-in boyfriend.
This sudden change  including a failed one night stand at a love motel  caused them to confront the change in their relationship and consider.
Whether they are viewing each other during lonely nights.
<EOS>
Rajendra Prasad is a talented but very lazy tailor.
Who believes to become a rich person without doing any work.
He is the only tailor.
Subhalekaha Shudakhar  the assistant  and Mallikarjuna Rao  the cloth vendor  urges him to work rather than believing in the luck factor.
One day soothsayer.
Rallapalli tells Rajendra Prasad that he will become rich person if he marries a lady who has a mole.
He flirts with many ladies in the village and promises.
He would marry them.
The rest revolves around.
He deals and lies.
Rajendra Prasad is beaten up.
The end everyone discovers the truth.
Finally he apologizes and realizes his mistakes.
The movie ends.
Who loves him truly.
<EOS>
The covert world comes crashing down.
When he is critically injured.
But  he discovers.
When Leight s radiation treatments are sabotaged.
He has the ability to move only by risking potentially fatal metabolic damage.
<EOS>
Representative Jack Tanner is an obscure liberal Democratic politician.
Who struggles to find a voice.
His campaign manager  T.
J.
Cavanaugh  uses an unscripted  impassioned hotel-room speech caught as part of an advertising campaign focusing on Tanner s authenticity and integrity.
Using the slogan  Tanner emerges from a wide field of contenders to battle for the nomination against two high-profile and better-funded candidates  Jesse Jackson and eventual nominee Massachusetts Governor Michael Dukakis.
Are his college-aged daughter Alexandra.
Whose illness was why he earlier left politics and who has left college  and his girlfriend Joanna Buckley  Dukakis  deputy campaign manager.
Others are Emile Berkoff  a compulsive statistician  Deke Conners  an EEast Village filmmaker hired to produce Tanner campaign ads  and Andrea Spinelli  T.
Who appear.
J.
S innocent and ditzy but well-meaning assistant.
The candidate s father  General John Tanner   also occasionally appears.
Who has a contentious relationship.
He does run a serious and credible race.
Tanner does not win the nomination.
The series ends.
Tanner considers a third party run.
Several members are mentioned  with several making statements to the press accepting the appointment.
He become president.
Those mentioned include  Something Borrowed  Something New Lee H.
Hamilton  Secretary  Secretary of Defense Ralph Nader  Attorney General Robert Redford  Secretary of the Interior Jim Hightower  Secretary of Agriculture Studs Terkel  Secretary of Labor Gloria Steinem  Secretary of Health and Human Services Joan Claybrook  Secretary of Transportation Nicholas von Hoffman  Chairman of the Federal Reserve Barbara Jordan  Ambassador to the United Nations Art Buchwald  Ambassador to France.
<EOS>
James Bond -- agent 007 -- goes to Miami Beach.
There he receives instructions via CIA agent Felix Leiter to observe bullion dealer Auric Goldfinger.
Who is staying.
The agent sees Goldfinger cheating and stops him by distracting his employee  Jill Masterson  and blackmailing Goldfinger into losing.
Bond and Jill consummate their new relationship  however  Bond is subsequently knocked out.
Who then covers Jill  killing her by epidermal suffocation.
Bond learns.
His true mission is determining how Goldfinger smuggles gold internationally.
Bond arranges to meet Goldfinger socially and wins a high-stakes golf game with a recovered Nazi gold bar at stake.
Bond follows him.
Where there is an attempt to avenge the death of her sister  Jill.
Bond sneaks and discovers.
He smuggles the gold.
Bond also overhears him talking.
Leaving  Bond encounters Tilly  they attempt to escape.
She is about to make another attempt  tripping an alarm as they leave.
Oddjob kills Tilly.
Bond is captured.
Goldfinger ties Bond.
Begins to slice the table.
Bond lies to Goldfinger.
MI6 knows  causing Goldfinger to spare Bond s life to mislead MI6 into believing that Bond has things in hand.
Bond is transported.
Flown to his stud farm near Fort Knox  Kentucky.
Bond escapes and witnesses Goldfinger s meeting.
S.
Mafiosi  needs.
Who have brought the materials he.
Goldfinger tempts them.
They are each promised $ 1 million.
They could have the million today  or ten million tomorrow.
They listen.
Goldfinger kills them all using some.
Bond is recaptured and tells Goldfinger the reasons.
Such a plan wo nt work.
However  Bond soon learns.
He has no intention.
To place an atomic device containing cobalt and iodine   increasing the value and giving the Chinese an advantage resulting from the ensuing economic chaos.
Would render the gold useless.
Operation Grand Slam begins.
However  Bond had seduced Pussy  convincing her to replace the nerve gas and alert the U.
S.
Government. 
The military personnel convincingly play dead.
They are certain that they can prevent the criminals escaping the base.
Believing the military forces to be neutralised  Goldfinger s private army break itself.
Goldfinger then arrives.
Oddjob handcuffs Bond to the device.
The U.
S.
Troops attack  Goldfinger takes off his coat  revealing a colonel s uniform  and kills Mr Ling and the troops seeking to open the vault.
Bond extricates himself.
Oddjob attacks him.
He can disarm the bomb.
They fight.
Bond manages to electrocute Oddjob.
Bond forces the lock  but is unable to disarm it.
An atomic specialist   turns off the device.
Who accompanied Leiter.
Bond is invited for a meeting with the President.
Fort Knox safe.
However  Goldfinger has hijacked the plane carrying Bond.
Bond shoots out a window  creating an explosive decompression.
Goldfinger is blown out through the window.
Bond rescues Galore and they parachute safely from the aircraft.
<EOS>
A Vietnam veteran returns home to find.
Drug dealers and addicts now rule his old neighborhood  and that even his own wife has fallen victim.
Together  he fights back.
<EOS>
A young boy is taken in and raised by a preacher.
Years later he comes face to face.
Killed his family.
He is tempted into violence.
<EOS>
Set  the film revolves around the personal story of a middle-class Bahraini family and an account of the hopes and faith.
The Arab world had.
<EOS>
The film focuses.
Where they try to make a name.
The team s new female coach soon realizes.
She will have to work very hard if she wants the team to become a success.
<EOS>
Andrew Beckett is a senior associate.
Beckett is not open.
He lives.
He has AIDS.
He is assigned the firm s newest and most important case.
Shortly thereafter  Beckett stays home to try to find a way to hide his lesions.
He has been assigned and then brings it  leaving instructions for his assistants to file the complaint in court on the following day.
He finishes the complaint for the case.
Marks the end.
Beckett suffers at home and is rushed to the hospital.
Later that morning   he receives a frantic call.
The paper copy can not be found.
There are no copies.
However  the complaint is finally discovered and is filed.
The following day  Beckett is dismissed.
Who had previously referred as their buddy.
Beckett believes.
Someone deliberately hid his paperwork to give the firm a pretext to fire him  and that the firing is actually.
He asks several attorneys to take his case.
Whom he had been involved.
Miller   initially declines to take the case and immediately visits his doctor to find out.
Who is admittedly homophobic and knows little.
He could have contracted the AIDS.
The doctor explains the methods.
The doctor then offers to take a sample  suspecting and was trying to hide it.
Miller was asking because he suspected he had contracted it.
Miller dismisses the request.
Unable to find a lawyer willing to represent him  Beckett is compelled to act.
Miller sees Beckett.
Researching a case.
Others begin to first stare and then move away.
A librarian announces that he has found a book for Beckett.
The librarian suggests Beckett retire.
Disgusted  Miller approaches Beckett and reviews the material.
He has gathered.
It is obvious.
He has decided to take the case.
The head of the firm  Charles Wheeler  worries about the damage.
The lawsuit could do  although one partner unsuccessfully tries to convince them to settle out of court with Beckett.
Wheeler takes the stand  claiming.
The case goes.
Beckett was incompetent and claiming that he had deliberately tried to hide his condition.
The defense repeatedly suggests.
Beckett had invited his illness and was therefore not a victim.
It is revealed.
The partner who had noticed Beckett s lesion had previously worked and so would have recognized the lesion as relating to AIDS.
To prove  Miller asks Beckett to unbutton his shirt while  revealing.
The lesions would have been visible.
His lesions were indeed visible and recognizable.
Beckett admits.
He was originally planning to tell his law colleagues that he was gay  but changed his mind.
He confirms.
When asked.
He engaged with another man at a pornographic movie theater.
However  he and Miller gain an advantage.
When the partner who advised settling out confesses he long suspected Beckett had AIDS but never said anything  and how he regrets his inaction.
Beckett collapses.
The jury votes in his favor  awarding him back pay  damages for pain and suffering  and punitive damages totaling more than $.
Miller visits Beckett after the verdict and overcomes his fear enough to touch Beckett s face.
He tells Miguel.
Beckett s family leaves the room.
He is ready to die.
A short scene immediately afterward shows Miller getting the word.
Beckett has died.
The movie ends.
Where many mourners   view home movies of Beckett as a healthy child.
<EOS>
The 1973 Chilean coup detat results.
This film tells the story.
Who were arrested and incarcerated.
These men must survive the freezing temperatures.
<EOS>
Ari Folman was a 19-year-old infantry soldier in the Israel Defense Forces.
He meets with a friend from his army service period.
Who tells him.
Folman is surprised to find.
He remembers nothing.
Later that night he has a vision  the reality.
Which he is unable to recall.
He and his soldier comrades are bathing at night by the seaside in Beirut under the light of flares descending over the city.
Folman rushes off to meet a childhood friend.
Who advises him to seek out other people who were in order to understand what happened there and to revive his own memories.
Folman converses.
Who served Ron Ben-Yishai who covered Beirut at the time.
Folman eventually realizes.
He was  and that he was among those soldiers firing flares into the sky to illuminate the refugee camp for the Lebanese Christian phalange militia perpetrating the massacre inside.
He concludes.
His amnesia had stemmed that he was as guilty of the massacre as those who actually carried it out and his childhood second-generation trauma as a son of a Nazi holocaust survivor of a concentration camp.
The film ends.
<EOS>
The titular character is a temperamental.
Ernest Heron  Virginia s beau  returns.
That night he is attacked.
The gem is stolen.
The only clue is a camellia.
Ernest is found clutching.
Suspicion falls.
Who was a houseguest.
Grumpy follows him.
When he returns.
Knowing Jarvis is a suspect  Berci turns him away.
The thief  frightened  eventually returns to the country  returns the jewel  and is arrested.
<EOS>
The movie is set  and revolves around two English cartographers  the pompous Garrad and his junior  Anson.
They arrive to measure its mountain - only to cause outrage.
When they conclude that it is only a hill because it is slightly short.
The villagers  aided and abetted  conspire with Morgan to delay the cartographers  departure.
They build an earth cairn to make it high enough to be considered a mountain.
<EOS>
Hurlyburly is an adaptation.
Whose dysfunctional personal lives are more interesting.
Rabe wrote the screenplay  condensing the action of the three-hour plus play into two hours and updated the setting from the mid-1980s to the late.
<EOS>
Newly-married Mary Sage is distraught.
When her husband Charlie receives his call-up papers.
He travels.
Who is devastated.
The new recruits are assigned.
Grimshawe is retiring and takes on a # 50 bet with Sergeant OBrien.
His last bunch will be his first champion platoon.
Grimshawe decides to use some psychology and treat his charges kindly rather than simply shouting at them.
But basic training does nt start well.
He struggles to take his squad.
They include failure Herbert Brown  upper-class cad Miles Heywood  rock n roller Andy Galloway  delicate flower Peter Golightly and supercilious university graduate James Bailey.
His attempts seem doomed.
Mary is determined to spend her wedding night and smuggles herself into the depot to get a job in the NAAFI  a situation Charlie is eventually able to legitimise.
Strong spends most.
It is only the adoration.
He initially rejects.
Makes him realise his potential and inspires to become a real soldier.
Grimshaw is in despair.
He is overheard bemoaning his lot.
The squad decide to win the best platoon prize.
They indeed beat the other platoons at all tasks.
Grimshaw is awarded the cup.
<EOS>
Lee Clavering  a playwright  falls in love with an Austrian countess.
An animated  precocious flapper Janet Oglethorpe is also.
He has nt noticed yet.
We learn.
Countess is actually 58 years old  and has retained her youth.
Lee s plans to marry the countess are thwarted.
When one reveals her embarrassing secret and  in the end  Lee discovers happiness with Janet.
<EOS>
It is a sad story.
This film narrates.
Ravunni Nair and Saraswathi Amma were colleagues teaching.
They married late.
The latter was.
The great regret is.
They are a childless couple.
After retirement from service  walks in Maya  an ex-friends daughter.
Whom Saraswathi Amma had stayed.
She had got admission.
She was.
Maya  motherless  brings with her some cheer.
The old couple almost adopt her.
Some time later comes Ravi.
Whom Maya was.
Who had gone away.
Maya s father Bhadran Nampoothiripadu having disapproved Ravi  Ravunni and Saraswathi Amma bless Ravi and Maya and get them married.
But then Ravi has to go back.
He leaves-behind Maya  an expectant mother.
A male child is born.
Maya dies.
The lonely old couple lose a major prop.
They are left.
Whom they look.
One day  Ravi appears out.
Now the other prop is also gone  they console each other and re-adjust themselves to live out the remaining years.
<EOS>
Gopi and Mohan Babu are brothers living.
Gopi is youngest brother and educated up.
Sc.
Agriculture and he willing to live after marriage.
Mohan Babu is an elder one who is uneducated person.
Gopi and Mohan Babu marry  Mohan Babu marries Devi.
Who is an educated person.
Gopi marries Lalithamba  who is an uneducated girl.
Lalithaba perfers to live after marriage.
Lalithamba and Devi try their level.
Mohan Babu does nt agree.
Lalithamba and Devi escapes from their house  one night without their husbands knowledge.
Lalithamba has one friend Shakuntala.
Devi and Lalithamba unable to locate Shakuntala house  roaming on streets were caught in the hands of one woman.
Who attempts to sell them.
But their contract does not materalize.
That woman does nt sell devi and lalitamba.
Angered Ganga Devi sends her persons.
Here Ganga Devi s persons kill that woman  but could not catch Lalithamba and Devi.
But their badluck chases them.
Lalithamba and Devi enters Ganga Devi s house  without knowing her character.
But later they understand and plan to escape.
Meanwhile  lalithamba finds her friend Shakuntala.
Lalithamba and Devi tries to escape from there  but Ganga Devi s persons catches them and locks them in one room.
Chiru and Mohan Babu   they gather information of the whereabouts of their wives.
They enters and saves Lalithamba and Devi from her clutches.
Is arrested  and these 4 return.
Usual police arrive.
Good comedy written and directed make this a good entertainer.
<EOS>
Karen Walker  the parade director  fires him and must find a replacement immediately.
When the department store Santa Claus gets drunk.
She spots an old man berating the inebriated Santa  and begs him to take over.
He claims.
His name is Kris Kringle.
Kris does so well.
He is immediately hired to be the store s main Santa.
All the children begin to believe.
He is the real Santa.
Karen s boyfriend  Bill Schafner  does his best to convince Susan to believe.
She would like a dad  a house  and a baby brother.
Being babysat one night.
Kris asks.
She would begin to believe if she got all those things.
Susan agrees.
She would.
Kris is credited.
One night  when he is arrested  then sanctioned.
Later  the truth emerges.
The man he assaulted was the original drunk Santa  who set up Kris to be arrested  from a rival department store.
The case ends up.
It soon becomes clear  Bill must prove.
To get Kris acquitted and freed.
Not only does Santa exist  but that Kris is the real one.
It is a seemingly impossible task.
Bill comes up.
<EOS>
David Norton is used.
He decides the fate of his characters  his heroes  his villains  their lives and deaths.
He is invited.
But his fiancee receives a strange call and jumps from their hotel balcony  he has been lured into a trap.
People start inexplicably committing suicide.
He begins piecing answers together.
Now David has become the reluctant hero.
This time he has no idea.
It will end.
<EOS>
Inayat Khan is the Senior Superintendent.
One day  his young son Irfaan suffers an accident and is taken.
Unfortunately.
Instigated forbidding doctors to treat policemen  as one doctor named Aktar  his wife  and daughter fell victim to the terrorist group after treating Khan.
Khan angrily swears to kill the doctors.
They do nt treat his son.
They still refused  saying.
They are willing to die to ensure their families  safety.
Irfaan dies.
Khan swears to put an end.
The group is taking refuge in the village of Dalgate.
Unfortunately  a family is caught.
They are killed as well.
A young boy named.
Altaaf is the only family member who survives the shooting.
He is severely traumatized and sister of the police officers.
Die and is haunted by the memory of the masked face of one.
Who shot.
Police officer is Khan.
Altaaf falls unconscious and is jailed  much to Khan s anger.
Who then berates his officers.
Khan s wife Neelima  having just lost Irfaan and feeling sorry  attempts to persuade Khan to let them adopt the boy.
Khan.
Altaaf may one day discover the truth and get revenge.
He finds Khan s mask and realizes.
When Altaaf seemed to have settled down and accepted Khan and Neelima as his new parents.
Khan was one.
The angry Altaaf runs away and is found and brought up by a terrorist group led by their Pathan leader Hilal Kohistani.
Who brainwashes him and trains him to become a terrorist.
Ten years later  Hilal and an adult Altaaf are assigned the task.
So Altaaf is told -- killing the Indian prime minister.
Hilal uses Altaaf s hatred  all the while encouraging Altaaf to target Khan in revenge of his family s death.
Altaaf visits his childhood friend and TV personality Sufiya Parvez and   he still uses her to try and make Hilal s side plans successful.
He falls with her and helps at her concerts.
He makes another unsuccessful attempt and  in the process  Khan recognizes him and begins trying to track him down  much to Neelima s discomfort  resulting a fallout between Khan and Neelima.
Sufiya learns of Altaaf s occupation as a militant  and breaks off her relationship with him  feeling somewhat betrayed  despite knowing.
His family tragedy has caused him to go that way.
Atlaaf s family was murdered  Altaaf makes another attempt on Khan by having three of Hilal s men to plant a bomb on Khan s briefcase.
Unfortunately  this time  Neelima falls victim  much to the distraught of both Khan and Altaaf  with the former being unable to apologize for his argument with her and the latter screaming in remorseful agony for killing her.
Eventually  Khan manages to invade one and discovers evidence and information about Mission Kashmir after catching the men.
Who planted the briefcase bomb.
He realizes  instead  the true goal of Mission Kashmir is to launch missiles on the local Muslim mosque and the local Hindu temple to escalate Hindu-Muslim conflict across the subcontinent  thereby dividing Kashmir and turning it into a war zone.
Mission Kashmir has nothing to do.
It also turns out.
The attack was planned to spread the rumor of murdering the Prime Minister to cover up the terrorists  true goal.
Hilal deliberately does not tell Altaaf  Hilal secretly tells one  ordering his death.
What Mission Kashmir really is  knowing that Altaaf would not support it and would try to stop it  this was evident.
He does nt consent over what the true targets will be.
Allowed one to escape.
They are distraught to hear.
Altaaf and the other terrorists have left.
They still do nt have any idea or time to find out where the missiles will be launched.
Deciding to play wise  Khan offers to make a deal with Hilal  going under the false pretense of allowing Hilal and his men to continue forward with Mission Kashmir in exchange for Altaaf.
Whom Khan swore to kill.
He secretly lies.
He is more occupied.
Seeing.
To ensure no other mistake will be made  Khan goes alone to the missile hideouts.
Hilal tells Altaaf.
Hilal and Khan reached the swamps.
An enraged  hate-filled Altaaf starts attacking a weary Khan to exact his revenge for his family s demise.
Khan reveals the true goals of Mission Kashmir  stating.
Doing so.
Kashmir will be turned if the Hindu-Muslim conflicts arise by the missiles.
Having had enough  Altaaf attempts to shoot Khan in the head.
Khan  expressing his dear love and his dear remorse for killing his family  is willing to accept his fate  but begs Altaaf to stop Hilal and his plans.
He then remembers.
Altaaf struggles to do it.
The comment Neelima said.
Unwilling to betray his mother  Atlaaf decides to put his plan aside and aids Khan into stopping Hilal and his men from targeting the holy shrines.
Hilal throws a bomb to distract them.
As things are about to end.
Altaaf redeems himself.
Khan fights back.
Eventually  Altaaf gets shot.
He falls.
Khan then jumps in and safely takes the unconscious Altaaf back  evading the explosion of the hideouts caused by Altaaf s act of redemption.
The plans are revealed to the public by the media.
The terrorist sponsor s hideout is found.
Who shoot the sponsor offscreen as he tries to get away.
Altaaf wakes up.
He drew in Khan s house  where he reconciles with Sufiya and forgives Khan.
<EOS>
Mandy Jenkins  an African American cook  discovers her husband.
Cornell is having an affair.
A violent fight ensues.
When she confronts her husband and Eloise.
Eloise leaves Birmingham and relocates.
Where she gets a job under the false name of Cora Smith.
She is followed by her husband  Lem.
Who becomes mixed up.
Mandy also arrives  having left Cornell.
She gets a job.
Where Eloise is performing.
Mandy is recruited and becomes a musical star.
When Eloise breaks her leg.
The revue is transferred.
Cornell   reunites and agrees never to cheat on her again.
Who is now destitute.
<EOS>
Jack Torrance arrives to interview for the position of winter caretaker  with the aim of using the hotel s solitude to work on his writing.
The hotel completely snowed in.
Itself is built and becomes.
Manager Stuart Ullman warns him.
A previous caretaker developed cabin fever and killed his family and himself.
Jack s son  Danny  has ESP and has had a terrifying premonition.
Jack s wife  Wendy  tells a visiting doctor.
Danny has an imaginary friend called Tony and that Jack has given up drinking because he had hurt Danny s arm.
The family arrives and is given a tour.
The African-AmericanHallorann s race is than in this story.
The ghost butler and Jack Torrance refer to Hallorann using racial slurs.
African-Americans are a recurring motif in King s novels.
Chef Dick Hallorann surprises Danny.
He explains.
He and his grandmother shared this telepathic ability  which he calls shining.
Danny asks.
There is anything to be afraid.
Hallorann tells Danny.
The hotel itself has a shine along with many memories  not all of which are good.
He also tells Danny to stay out.
A month passes   Danny and Wendy explore the hotel s hedge maze.
Jack s writing project goes nowhere.
Wendy becomes concerned being out due to the heavy snowfall.
Danny has more frightening visions.
Jack  increasingly frustrated  starts acting strangely and becomes prone.
Danny s curiosity gets the better of him.
When he sees the room s door open.
Later  he shows up injured and visibly traumatized  causing Wendy to accuse Jack.
Jack wanders.
Where he meets a ghostly bartender named Lloyd.
Lloyd serves him bourbon.
Jack complains about his marriage.
Wendy later tells Jack.
Danny told her that a crazy woman was responsible for his injuries.
Jack investigates Room.
Where he encounters the ghost  but tells Wendy he saw nothing.
Wendy and Jack argue about.
Whether Danny should be removed to the Gold Room  now filled with ghosts having a costume party.
Here  he meets the ghost.
Who tells Jack that he must correct his wife and child.
Meanwhile   Hallorann has a premonition and takes a flight back to Colorado to investigate.
Something is wrong.
Danny starts calling out redrum frantically and goes referring to himself as Tony.
Wendy discovers his typewriter  he has been typing endless pages.
Searching. 
No play makes Jack a dull boy formatted.
She is confronted.
Who threatens her before she knocks him unconscious.
She manages to drag him and lock him in the pantry.
This does not solve her larger problem  she and Danny are trapped.
Jack has sabotaged the hotel s two-way radio and snowcat.
Later  Jack converses.
Who then unlocks the door  releasing him.
Danny writes REUM on the bathroom door.
The letters spell out MURD.
When Wendy sees this.
Two of the six letters are displayed backwards  the middle DR for REDRUM and the final ER for MURDER.
Jack begins to chop.
Wendy frantically sends Danny out  but ca nt get through it herself.
Jack then starts chopping  he leers through the hole.
Wendy screams.
He has made  shouting Here s Johnny.
Hearing the engine.
Hallorann has borrowed to get up the mountain.
He kills Hallorann and pursues Danny into the hedge maze.
Wendy runs.
Meanwhile  Danny walks backwards behind a corner  covering his tracks with snow to mislead Jack.
Who is following his footprints.
Wendy and Danny escape.
Jack freezes.
Jack Torrance smiles amid a crowd of party revelers.
<EOS>
Pinkie Brown  a sociopathic member of a Brighton gang  murders.
A man who has himself killed the gang leader  Kite.
He befriends Rose  a young waitress.
Who had witnessed gang activity  so as to keep an eye.
She falls with him.
He marries her.
Order to prevent her.
Ida  Rose s employer and a friend  takes it upon herself to save the girl from the monster.
She has married.
<EOS>
Joe Gideon is a theatre director and choreographer trying to balance work with editing a Hollywood film.
He has directed.
He is a workaholic.
Who chain-smokes cigarettes and.
He would nt have the energy to keep up the biggest show of all -- his life.
His girlfriend Katie Jagger  his ex-wife Audrey Paris  and daughter Michelle try to pull him back.
It is too late.
Decades have gotten to Gideon.
He flirts with an angel of death named Angelique.
Gideon s condition gets progressively worse.
He is rushed after a particularly stressful script rehearsal and admitted with severe attacks of angina.
Joe brushes off his symptoms  and attempts to leave to go back to rehearsal.
He collapses and is ordered to stay in the hospital for three to four weeks to rest his heart and recover from his exhaustion.
The show is postponed.
Gideon continues his antics.
Champagne flows  endless strings frolic around his hospital room.
The cigarettes are always lit.
Cardiogram readings do nt show any improvement - Gideon is playing.
Gideon has a massive coronary and is taken.
The paltry reviews come in.
The backers must decide now.
Whether it s time to pack up or replace Gideon.
Their matter-of-fact money-oriented negotiations are juxtaposed with graphic scenes of open heart surgery.
The producers realize.
The best way to recoup their money and make a profit  is to bet.
Meanwhile  elements are staged in dazzling dream sequences of musical numbers.
He directs on life support.
Realizing  his mortality unconquerable  Gideon has another heart attack.
His death is imminent.
He goes through the five stages of death -- anger  denial  bargaining  depression and acceptance - featured in the stand-up routine.
He has been editing.
Gideon himself takes center stage.
Death closes.
<EOS>
Vasanthi is the daughter.
Who does a lot.
Bhavana instantly falls.
Jeeva  nurturing a dream to go back  keeps on discouraging the girl.
Who is stubborn.
Jeevan s heart  influenced  starts melting slowly.
Enters Bose Venkat  the cousin.
He joins.
The whole family is eagerly awaiting their marriage.
Problem arises.
When the family comes to know.
The inspector and his uncle try to eliminate the boy.
They keep.
Meanwhile the refugees get a chance to go back.
Jeevan has to go.
He promises Vasanthi.
He would come back to marry her.
The family is determined to stop him.
Vasanthi decides to end her life.
Jeevan does nt turn up.
<EOS>
This film is a coming.
Their lives can change.
The film is set.
Four orphan boys - Maps  Misty  Spark and Spit - were all born in the month of December.
They are sent on a holiday to the beach to stay with Mr and Mrs McAnsh.
They meet Fearless  a man.
There. 
Who claims to be the risk motorbike rider  and his wife  Teresa.
Misty  Spark and Spit instantly become closer.
Maps  the eldest  is still reluctant to talk to her.
He instead finds more fun.
Who had come to stay with her uncle.
He often goes up  and meets her there.
A few days later  the orphans peek.
Misty  being the most religious  throws a rock at the wall to make them go away.
Misty runs back and looks through the small opening of a door to see someone in the shower  only to find.
It is the sickly body.
They soon realise.
She has breast cancer.
One night  Misty overhears Fearless talking about the possibility of adopting one of the orphans.
Excited  he keeps it to himself.
He decides to reveal it.
The other boys realise.
He is taking too long.
They force it out.
He is finished.
He is pinned.
Misty  Spark and Spit are eager to compete.
Maps is less than excited  even saying.
What s the big deal  anyway.
There  she tells him to promise.
He will always remember her.
The next day  he goes up  only to realise.
Lucy is not there.
Her uncle tells him.
She s left the beach to return  and will not be back until next summer.
Heartbroken  he goes to find Fearless and talk to him  but discovers  and instead cleans up after the animals.
He is not a motorbike rider there.
Furious lied.
He d.
All along  he finds a painting made as the son of Fearless and Teresa  and destroys it.
Misty attacks him and hits him.
He d put the painting.
The bond is broken.
Fearless finds Maps  and explains to him.
What had really happened.
It is revealed  and did all of the stunts with Teresa riding in the back.
Fearless was formerly a bike rider.
Then  there was an accident.
Kept Teresa  making her unable to have children.
That was the reason.
They had wanted to adopt one.
Maps returns and finds out from Spark and Spit.
Misty had gone  and was drowning.
Maps goes despite the fact.
He can not swim.
Both he and Misty nearly drown.
Underwater  they open their eyes to see a vision  possibly meaning.
They are dying.
The two boys are grabbed and brought back to the shore.
They can reach out.
Maps and Misty reconcile are friends again.
The next day  the boys are called.
There  they reveal.
The couple is going to adopt Misty.
He take leave.
He watches.
The three orphans leave and begin playing.
Misty realises  and asks Fearless and Teresa.
They were his true family all along.
He can stay instead.
They accept.
He returns home.
Several decades later  Misty   drives to the same beach with Spark and Spit  along with the ashes of Maps.
Who had died helping refugees.
Lucy s ring.
She gave.
They let the ashes loose  remembering their time there.
<EOS>
Gangster Benjamin Bugsy Siegel   goes and instantly falls in love with Virginia Hill  a Hollywood starlet.
Who works.
The two meet.
When Ben visits his friend  the actor George Raft.
He buys a house  planning to stay.
His wife and two daughters remain.
Siegel is in California to muscle control of betting parlors away from Los Angeles gangster Jack Dragna.
Mickey Cohen robs Dragna s office one day  and is confronted.
Dragna claimed losses  Cohen admits to robbing $.
Siegel theorizes.
He should be with the guy that did the robbery  not the guy that got robbed.
Mickey Cohen is put  Jack Dragna is forced to admit to a raging Ben.
Jack stole $ 14000  and is told he now answers to Cohen.
A humiliated and degraded Jack Dragna leaves the house.
Everybody needs a fresh start  says Ben.
A suddenly quiet Ben Siegel returns to eat his cold scampi.
Virginia makes a romantic move on Ben  in the dining room.
Siegel comes up with the idea for a casino in the desert.
He acquires funding.
Who approve the deal.
The funds are approved.
When the associates make an unannounced visit at his Scarsdale  New York Home.
Ben is caught.
His wife  Esta  is full  Daughter Millicent feels abandoned on her birthday  Associate Meyer Lansky is conflicted between wanting to fund Ben s Casino-Hotel and worrying about Ben s obsession with wanting to kill Mussolini.
Bugsy puts Virginia and begins construction of the Flamingo Las Vegas Hotel Casino  Las Vegas  Nevada  but has no sense of control and the budget soon rises to $ 6 million.
Bugsy tries everything to ensure.
It gets made  even selling his share and most of his belongings.
Bugsy returns to Italy.
Charlie says Congratulations Ben.
Virginia will make a great wife.
But I hope.
You know what you re doing.
Bugsy pummels Joey A.
For a previous insult made regarding Virginia.
Bugsy is visited by former associate Harry Greenberg.
Harry has ratted out his old associates to save himself.
Harry has also run out  from a combination of his gambling habits.
Being extorted.
Who want his testimony.
Ben is Harry s last and only friend.
We do nt see Ben kill Harry.
There is a gunshot.
Virginia waits.
Ben and Esta are out in a restaurant with their two daughters.
Ben suggests.
Maybe the anticipated move is not such a good idea.
Esta and Ben have a confrontation  away from earshot of the children.
You want a divorce.
Ben has a guilty look.
He watches their cab drive away.
Bugsy is arrested.
But incarceration is short.
The only witness is a.
Who dropped off Harry.
The cab driver is escorted by Mickey Cohen.
Meyer is waiting outside the jail.
Meyer has a satchel.
He gives.
Charlie does nt have to know  he tells Ben.
But he also tells Ben  I ca nt protect you anymore.
Upset.
The casino is a failure  and that $ 2 million is unaccounted for.
Bugsy discovers.
Virginia stole the money but tells her to keep it and save it rather than return it.
He then calls Lansky and tells.
Him never to sell his share and that he ll live to thank him someday.
A.
Later that night  Bugsy is killed.
Virginia is told and becomes upset  rushing out of the casino.
The final text states.
She returned the missing money a week later and committed suicide after that.
It also states.
The $ 6 million invested in Bugsy s dream of Las Vegas had generated revenues of over $ 100 billion.
<EOS>
Kunjunni s parents separate soon.
He s left to be cared.
He is brought up with the help of his grandmother  an estimate manager and his friend Meenakshi  the daughter of a maid servant working in Kunjunni s house.
Inspired.
Who was initially a Gandhian  and eventually a Marxist.
Communism is the answer.
Eventually he joins an extremist Marxist group.
His affairs land him.
Kunjunni is arrested and taken to court  but later acquitted of all charges.
Kunjunni finds himself maturing  yet he feels lonely and disillusioned.
Kunjunni tries to turn his life around  and sets off.
Meenakshi and he do so.
Later he sells all his property.
Whose father was once a servant.
Then he move and try to live in a normal family life with his wife and son.
One day one arrives to his home for an interview.
Kunjunni denies it.
Later Kujunni   publishes his first story Karaksharangal but due to its Marxist supporting content and revealing nature  government banned it.
He began to laugh.
When Kunjunni read this news with his family.
Then he and his family laugh together.
Reveals that the revolution had not yet happened completely.
<EOS>
Johnny Adams goes  under a false name  with the intention of killing the captain White  a bastard guard.
Who had been Johnny s father.
Rev.
Thomas Stoner newcomer  is the chaplain  the father is the mayor s opposition Schafer.
Stoner finds out the intentions and persuades him to follow his plan  but when Blackie Drew kills White  Johnny blamed.
<EOS>
Jack is a thirty-something New York City advertising executive  living a life forged.
He is successful and stylish  and extremely bored.
Jack meets Jill.
Jill is looking and asks Jack for directions.
Jack suggests Jill s name.
Later he drives Jill and realizes.
The neighborhood may not be all that safe.
He helps Jill move out in together by week s end.
The pair pieces together a playful manifesto to live by.
Jack s best friend and business partner  George  notices a more playful side  and wants to meet the cause.
Jill s free-spirited nature causes some friction  however.
Jack forces Jill.
When her long absences go unexplained.
Her disappearances are a result.
Jack is furious for violating their pact of honesty.
They break up.
A talk incites Jack to find Jill.
Jack tracks down her wacky friend  Lucy  and pleads his case.
Convinced  Lucy admits.
He truly loves Jill.
Jill is catching a Greyhound bus.
Jack reevaluates his life.
A bomb threat is called.
As he quits his job.
Jack goes outside.
George tells him.
The bomb threat was called.
Jack realizes.
The culprit has to be Jill.
The two make up.
They hit the highway  with no destination in sight except for a life together.
Rule 1 Be honest Rule 2 Believe time as our friend Rule 4 Make sure.
The nooky is good Rule 5 Promote beauty.
Wage a sustained campaign Rule 6 Abandon the pursuit of happiness and its false promise Rule 7 Show compassion  except to pirates Rule 8 Less TV Rule 9 Always be willing to admit.
When you re wrong.
<EOS>
Veerabhadraiah is a feudal lord presiding along with his hench men.
Includes his assistant and the village sarpanch.
Veerabhadraiah lends money.
Who is a local farmer living.
His son  Sooryam is a hard working student living and falls in love with Veerabhadraiah s daughter - Madhulatha.
Realising this Veerabhadraiah asks Venkateswarlu to ask his son to stop seeing his daughter.
Venkateswarlu does not agree.
Veerabhadraiah kills Venkateswarlu and asks Sooryam to pay the money.
He had given.
Sooryam asks.
Raises crops to repay.
Not only destroy the crop but also try to sexually abuse Sooryam s sister.
As the crops are ready.
Which she commits suicide.
Being the village head  Veerabhadraiah implicates Sooryam.
He was forcing her.
Sooryam is arrested.
The rest.
Sooryam escapes.
<EOS>
Gregory Fitzgerald and his friend Tony are leaving New York to fly.
Where they will study.
French fashion designer Francesca flirts with the handsome Greg  unaware of his vocation  and gives him her phone number.
Greg goes to see Father du Rochet  leaving.
Who is feeling ill.
He ends up sharing a taxi.
Who drops a St.
Christopher s medal.
He picks it up and follows her.
Where it turns out Monica is a singer.
Greg arrives.
As three French policemen are questioning her.
He speaks the language and is shocked to hear Monica using him.
Monica panics and runs.
Where Greg fights off a man who tries to grab her.
Monica goes  but flees from three men.
Who knock Greg cold.
Tony is concerned and even calls Francesca  wondering.
She s heard.
Greg wakes up and is told.
Monica has been.
He goes.
Monica says she witnessed the murder and is now being pursued by men.
Who work.
Monica makes a romantic advance.
They find a place to hide.
Who resists.
She later learns.
They are to join a seminary.
Francesca is willing to help.
She takes Greg to meet Trevelle.
The story is.
He is told.
The murdered man was Trevelle s brother  Michael  who had been romantically involved.
Where Du Rochet is saying Mass.
She shot Michael when he tried to break up.
She leaves and is shot.
Where Greg administers the last rites.
<EOS>
A drunken Gypsy couple spending the night accidentally resurrect the werewolf Imre Wolfstein.
When they remove the silver cross.
He not only kills the Gypsy couple  but also wreaks havoc.
Alive. 
The villagers attribute the attack  form a hunting party to kill off the animals.
Count Waldemar Daninsky is attacked and is afflicted with lycanthropy.
He seeks help from specialists  Dr Janos de Mikhelov and his wife.
Who turn out to be two vampires.
They revive the first werewolf  Imre   and force the two werewolves to battle each other.
Waldemar kills Imre Wolfstein and then destroys the two vampires.
To be killed by a bullet fired by the woman who loved him most.
<EOS>
Sundaravadiveluan is a wealthy school manager and a landlord.
Who is a hedonist and a sadist.
He finds pleasure.
His wife Lakshmi is a goodhearted homely wife.
He has two children.
Sundaravadivelu never respects his wife s feelings.
He is an irresponsible husband and a father.
Lakshmi s father is indebted.
He had borrowed money.
Using this  Sundaravadivelu proposes Lakshmi s sister.
But Lakshmi s sister and father do not approve this.
Sundaravadivelu is infuriated and forces out his wife falsely accusing her of having an affair with the health inspector of the village.
Lakshmi   passes away soon.
Who is seriously ill.
Sundaravadivelu marries again.
His second wife shows no love or care.
Meanwhile  Lakshmi s sister develops a liking.
The teacher  knowing Sundaravadivelu s sadism and ill mindset  resigns and then proposes Lakshmi s sister.
The marriage is set.
Lakshmi s sister goes to Sundaravadivelu s house  requesting him to send his kids with her.
That she can take care.
Sundaravadivelu molests her.
Is seen.
His wife ditches him and go her way.
The villagers are provoked and maddened now.
They corner Sundaravadivelu and ask him to choose his way  and finish his life.
Sundaravadivelu commits suicide.
He realises.
He was always a sadist.
Moments he shares a tender moment with his kids.
<EOS>
The film takes place.
Rosy Ryan is bored -- much to the chagrin of the local priest  Father Hugh Collins  an old  sharp-witted and highly influential person.
Who knows all that goes on.
Rosy falls with the local schoolmaster  Charles Shaughnessy.
She imagines.
He tries to convince her otherwise  that he will add excitement.
They marry.
Rosy quickly becomes discontented.
The villagers are nationalist and exclusionary  taunting Michael and British soldiers.
They are resentful.
Ryan pretends to be a staunch nationalist -  he strongly supports the recently suppressed Easter Rising  referring to the rebels as our boys.
He is an informer for the British.
Major Randolph Doryan arrives to take command.
A veteran  he has been awarded a Victoria Cross  but has a crippled leg and suffers from shell shock.
Rosy is instantly and passionately attracted.
Michael s absent-minded banging causes Doryan to flashback to the trenches.
He collapses.
He is comforted.
When he recovers.
The two passionately kiss.
They are interrupted.
The next day  the two meet.
Charles becomes suspicious  but keeps his thoughts to himself.
He finds Rosy and Doryan s footprints and tracks them to a cave  later he finds a conch shell in Rosy s dresser  but refuses to confront her about it.
Michael has also seen the two lovers  however.
Having improvised a British officer s uniform  he tips off the townspeople.
The townspeople turn  deriding her as a British officer s whore.
One night   IRB leader Tim OLeary - - and a small band of comrades arrive in Ryan s pub and strong-arm him into helping them recover a shipment of German arms from the storm.
Who had killed a police constable earlier.
Ryan is left alone.
When they leave.
Soon  the entire town arrives.
He and his followers are stopped on the road and arrested.
OLeary is shot and wounded while attempting to escape.
Charles tells Rosy  but hopes.
He is aware.
It will pass.
Charles decides to leave her.
Rosy declares the affair over.
That night he sees her return.
He wanders in his nightclothes to the beach.
Where Father Collins finds him.
A mob  accusing Rosy  strip her and shear off her hair.
Father Collins arrives.
They can do any worse.
Ryan  deeply ashamed  has been unable.
He s the informer.
Rosy   takes the punishment.
Who guesses his guilt.
Meanwhile  Doryan walks along the beach and comes.
Who leads him.
Doryan commits suicide.
Michael runs off.
The next day  Rosy and Charles leave  enduring the taunts of the villagers.
They go.
Father Collins counsels him.
Charles gets.
Rosy  kisses him.
Before the bus leaves.
Who had previously found Michael repulsive  very touchingly.
<EOS>
Shankar and his mother live a poor lifestyle.
To earn money he sells.
Being the lone bread winner  he is unable to meet the needs.
His debt starts rising higher and higher.
When he gets addicted.
He is attracted.
Who also lives a poor lifestyle along.
Shankar departs to the city  gives up drinking  earns a lot of money.
He then returns back home and pays off his mortgage.
He proposes to marry Parvati.
But he is then told.
Parvati s marriage has been arranged elsewhere.
Unable to live  he takes up drinking again and heads on to a path of.
<EOS>
The story is.
Who believes he can do anything.
He receives a job offer and moves there with his wife Aarzoo.
They live a happy life together.
Kunal s boss is revealed to be an underworld gangster.
The company Kunal works  Kunal has no idea.
It happens illegally.
His boss  Mr Zakaria  sends his hot colleague Rosa and take him away from his wife.
The plan works.
Kunal begins to work  with Aarzoo having no idea of this.
Soon enough  Kunal realizes the crime and leave Cape Town.
He is a part and decides.
However  Zakaria knows.
Kunal is aware to keep him silent is to kill him.
Will Kunal survive.
<EOS>
A plane carrying beauty contestants crash lands.
Captain Maximus Powers and co-pilot Mike Saunders have to take care  while avoiding the dangers of Jurassic Pork and a group of apes busy trying to relaunch Noah s Ark.
An R2D2-like droid projects an image M.
J.
Who has been assigned to manipulate the castaways for the Vatican s own purposes.
<EOS>
LCDR Charlie Madison  USNR  is a cynical and highly efficient adjutant.
Madison s job is to keep his boss and other high-ranking officers supplied with luxury goods and amiable Englishwomen.
He falls from the motor pool  Emily Barham.
Who has lost her husband  brother  and father.
Madison s sybaritic  American lifestyle scarcity both fascinates and disgusts Emily.
She does not want to lose.
Another loved one and finds the practicing coward Madison irresistible.
Jessup obsesses over the Army and its Air Corps overshadowing the Navy in the forthcoming D-Day invasion.
The mentally unstable admiral decides.
The first dead man must be a sailor.
A film will document the death.
The casualty will be buried.
To avoid the duty.
Who will be the first.
Cummings forces him forward.
When Madison tries to retreat.
A German shell lands  making him the first American to die on Omaha Beach.
Hundreds covers reprint a photograph of Madison on the shore  making him a martyr.
Jessup  having recovered  regrets his part in Madison s death but plans to use it in support of the Navy.
When testifying in Washington.
Losing another man she loves.
Then comes unexpected news  Madison.
Is not dead  but alive and well.
A relieved Jessup now plans to show him as the heroic first man on Omaha Beach.
Madison  angry  uncharacteristically plans to act nobly by telling the world the truth of.
What happened  even if it means being imprisoned for cowardice.
Emily convinces him to instead choose happiness by keeping quiet and accepting his heroic role.
<EOS>
Todd and Terry are twins.
They are blonde  cute  bright and identical  with one exception.
One is a murderer.
This starts one night.
When a teenager was slaughtered while his girlfriend watched.
Todd is found guilty and is locked away in an asylum.
Years passed.
Terry lives happily.
Who smothers him.
All is fine.
When they receive news that Todd escaped.
Terry goes.
Todd goes back.
His first kill is his mother s fiancee.
When he chops off his arm  before stabbing him to death.
Meanwhile  Dr Berman and her assistant  Jackie  go out.
Jackie meets a sticky end.
When he is stabbed.
Dr Berman also suffers the same fate.
Whilst  she comes across Terry.
Who cuts her  leaving her to die.
Terry changes from his bloody T-shirt in to a vest.
He then proceeds.
Where his new neighbour  Andrea  is babysitting a young newborn baby.
They then begin a mini relationship.
The parents come home.
A friend bumps into Todd thinking.
That was happening.
He is Terry.
So  she panics and runs away  telling her friends.
When Todd announces himself.
Karen later tells Terry.
He then disappears.
Karen  Gregg  Brad go back.
Terry tells Maddie.
Todd has escaped.
She starts to panic.
Meanwhile Todd comes.
Back  the parents are looking forward to a night.
Together - until Terry knocks.
The father answers the doors and is decapitated.
The mother goes to check.
Where the father is and discovers his head hanging.
Suddenly  Terry jumps out and kills her.
Later on  Andrea and Gregg leave the party to play tennis.
They are unaware.
Terry is watching them.
They both leave soon and have sex on the diving board by the swimming pool.
Terry surprises them and kills them.
He later meets up.
Brad goes off to find the now dead Gregg and Andrea.
He meets Todd.
When getting.
Who asks him to help him get Terry as he is killing people.
Brad does nt believe him  that is.
Todd holds a gun up.
Karen and Terry meanwhile are have a sexual moment together.
Brad knocks.
Terry answers it and sees Todd holding a gun.
Todd later disappears.
Brad and Terry go running off to find Todd.
Brad meets his maker.
When Terry stabs him.
Karen finds Terry and discovers his secret.
When he attempts to kill her.
He chases her.
She discovers Brad s body.
She runs and discovers the mother s corpse.
She takes the baby and runs.
Her live when Terry enters the house.
Whilst all  Maddie finally discovers Terry s secret.
Is happening.
When she finds his bloodied.
She goes  only to discover him dead.
The final showdown comes at the swimming pool.
They both battle.
They both tumble  Todd becomes weak and almost drowns.
Maddie then appears and shoots Terry - killing him.
Maddie and Todd embrace.
She picks up a gun and shoots herself.
Maddie thinks she has killed Todd  and when Todd tell her who he really is.
Karen  shocked  runs away  wander.
Todd s fate is unknown as the police arrive making the audience.
What will happen now.
<EOS>
Scanners are people  and the power to cause things to happen simply by thinking about them.
ConSec  a purveyor  searches out and captures scanners  ostensibly to protect the public from them  but actually to use them for its own nefarious purposes.
Most scanners are unhappy people  condemned.
Cameron Vale has uncommonly powerful scanning abilities but can not handle the pressure and has withdrawn completely.
A homeless derelict  he lives.
He inadvertently induces violent convulsions.
When he psychically overhears two women denigrating him.
Attracts the attention of ConSec agents who tranquilize and abduct him.
Meanwhile ConSec is holding a press conference  attempting to convince the public  the public is protected.
Their roundup is a good thing for everyone involved.
The scanners become useful members.
Dr Paul Ruth  head  introduces the company s senior scanner.
Who offers to scan a volunteer to demonstrate the banality.
Unfortunately his volunteer  Darryl Revok is a renegade.
Who has declared war and all scanners who voluntarily work for it.
The demonstration does not go well  the ConSec scanner s head explodes.
Consec security agents try to detain Revok.
He escapes  killing several in the process.
Ruth meets to mull Ruth s two biggest challenges  hunting down Revok and infiltrating the secretive scanner community.
Ruth thinks.
Both problems can be solved simultaneously using Vale  who might be the only scanner to challenge Revok.
Vale is reluctant  Revok s whereabouts are unknown.
The only lead is Benjamin Pierce  an artist and unstable scanner.
Who tried to kill his family.
And even.
He can find Revok  how will he subdue him.
Vale tracks down Pierce.
Pierce is  he has rejected Revok s offer to join his renegade faction.
Makes him a liability.
Four gun down Pierce.
Vale flings the four assassins scans the dying man s mind to learn.
What he knows.
Pierce s dying thoughts lead Vale.
Who has formed a telepathic alliance.
Vale is invited.
The gathering is ambushed.
Who kill Obrist s scanner friends before Vale and Obrist can kill them.
Vale learns.
A large quantity is about to be delivered to Revok s clandestine organization.
Vale and Obrist travel to inform Ruth of this development.
Keller   then attempts to capture Vale and Obrist.
Who is actually a traitor working  kills Ruth.
Who escape.
Vale infiltrates Revok s computer network.
He orders ConSec computer scientists to rig the computer to.
When Keller discovers this.
Vale is plugged.
The plan backfires.
The laboratory explodes  killing Keller.
Vale and Obrist pursue their only remaining lead  the illegal ephemerol shipment.
Their investigation takes them.
Where Obrist becomes aware that someone is scanning her.
She realizes.
She is being scanned.
They are ambushed  tranquilized  and abducted.
The two can question Frane.
Vale regains consciousness.
Where Revok tells him that they are brothers and that Ruth is their father.
Ruth had experimented with ephemerol on their pregnant mother.
All scanners are the children.
Who had taken ephemerol as a morning sickness sedative.
Revok s plan is to conquer the world - born decades ago and now mature.
He invites Vale to join him  but Vale refuses.
A psychic battle ensues.
Vales body ignites.
Revok screams.
Obrist awakens to find Vale s incinerated corpse.
She senses Vale s thoughts and calls out.
Hidden under Vale s jacket  is Revok -- but with Vale s blue eyes  and without Revok s trademark forehead scar.
He smiles.
We ve won  he says.
<EOS>
The film starts off.
Papich assassinating a Panamanian rebel leader.
Afterward  they take up a position and wait out until nighttime for an extraction.
However  they are extracted to the dismay of Beckett.
An experienced rebel sniper  formerly trained  kills Papich as the two reach the helicopter.
Beckett is able to retrieve his body and bring it.
Infuriated  Beckett blames the helicopter CO.
Beckett is paired up.
Their goal is to eliminate a rebel general.
Who is being financed.
Miller is a SWAT team sharpshooter  but lacks combat experience and has no confirmed.
Kills. 
His helicopter is attacked with an assault rifle.
When he is.
Who kills most.
Miller takes out his rifle and acquires a bead  but is unable to pull the trigger.
Fortunately  the chopper s dying machine gunner manages to kill the guerrilla.
The surviving co-pilot thought.
It was Miller that made the killing shot  earning Miller a false reputation.
Friction immediately occurs.
When Beckett and Miller set off.
Miller was given.
Miller has no experience or aptitude.
Early on  they encounter a group.
Who agree to lead them  in return for a favor.
They want the team to eliminate El Cirujano  an ex CIA torture master.
Who s working.
Beckett agrees to do so  and informs Miller  and is skeptical aboard the helicopter.
He expects Miller to make the kill because he s not certain.
He is again unable to do so  and instead makes a warning shot.
When it comes time to take the shot.
He follows up.
Cirujano seems to duck before he is hit.
The firefight leads.
Ensues. 
They refuse to help the team any further.
The Indians do not directly blame either Beckett or Miller.
Miller assures Beckett.
Cirujano was killed.
The two men continue and realize.
They are being followed.
They head to a village priest.
Would provide details.
However  they find.
The priest was tortured and murdered before they arrived.
Beckett speculates out loud.
It is the work  calling into question Miller s credibility.
That night  Beckett leaves a piece before setting up camp.
Beckett remains  watching for their follower.
Miller falls asleep.
Ends up being the same sniper that killed Papich earlier.
This brings the enemy sniper out.
Miller is asleep and obviously not alert.
Beckett manages to shoot the sniper  first.
Realizing  Miller is infuriated.
He was used.
Beckett tells him that you were.
The two men finally reach the general s hacienda and take up positions.
It is revealed.
They are waiting to emerge.
Cirujano is alive.
Miller is nt hidden very well  and is seen.
Who attempts to sneak up.
Beckett kills Miller s attacker.
Miller shoots and kills the drug lord.
The two rendezvous.
Where Beckett insists.
Miller refuses.
An argument erupts  leading.
Ends when the latter runs out.
Miller then calms down afterward from Beckett.
Beckett attempts to provide cover fire  but is subsequently captured by rebels.
Rebels close in.
Knowing  he discreetly releases a round before surrendering  letting the bullet hit the ground  unnoticed.
Miller is watching.
Miller picks up the bullet and loads it.
Beckett is taken away.
That night  Miller notices a helicopter coming in to pick them up.
He can easily leave the mission behind  but instead decides to head.
Where Beckett is being held.
He encounters the general and kills him with his knife  then sees Beckett being tortured and getting his trigger finger amputated by El Cirujano.
Beckett sees Miller watching  and distracts El Cirujano by pretending to finally reveal the secrets.
He was being tortured.
Cirujano does nt understand  and puts his head closer.
What Beckett is saying.
Beckett discreetly mouths to shoot both Cirujano and himself with one shot.
Both their heads are lined up.
Instead  Miller only kills Cirujano and rescues Beckett.
The two run.
Miller insists.
Beckett go first while he stands guard.
Beckett reluctantly agrees  but notices a sniper about to ambush Miller.
Pulling out his pistol  Beckett shoots the sniper using his left hand.
The both are finally able to escape.
<EOS>
Jeffrey Buckenham  a Canadian Second World War veteran  sees Sir Mark Sebastian Loddon.
Traveling. 
Buckenham was held  becomes convinced another former POW  Frank Wellney  an actor.
He is.
Buckenham publicly announces his suspicion  and has taken the young nobleman s place.
Wellney murdered Loddon from the POW camp.
Loddon sues Buckenham.
His mind is still battered.
Occurred even his loyal wife begins to doubt him.
<EOS>
The first few scenes themselves set the tone  first  a hesitant and bashful Venugopal trying desperately to carry  in her picturesque home in Nagercoil.
The conversation proceeds quite well.
It hits an unexpected snag -- Venu was hospitalised during his school years  he still stammers as the result of the strain  and when he s unexpectedly put into stressful situations.
Ranjitha  unimpressed and wary of his behavior  rejects him.
And thus begins the saga.
Who owns a wedding invitation design shop  works.
Somehow  he s never successful.
When it comes.
A second alliance is arranged  this time.
Actually gets  but then goes down the tubes.
Vidya elopes before her marriage  leaving her father Manickavel distraught and furious.
Remorseful  he promises.
He will make sure Venu gets the perfect bride.
But life holds no cheer.
Who s scarred that perhaps he s just not the man who will ever experience romance or marriage.
But life has a few surprises.
A rather charming story unfolds now.
Whose mission is to inspire people and inspire he does  as he outlines his own emotional love story.
Nedumaran s zest and obviously joyous marriage inspires Venu.
Who continues.
Another prospective bride Gayatri is interested  frank and pretty.
She has a back story too  a hilarious  touching one.
Venu turns away  dejected  only to approach an inspector  Senthamarai.
But  destiny suddenly re-aligns itself.
When he s stunned.
<EOS>
Beavis and Butt-head wake up to realize.
Someone has stolen their television.
The pair then embark.
They visit a low-quality motel.
Advertises TVs.
There  they encounter Muddy Grimes  hired hit men his wife  Dallas.
Who is waiting.
Muddy  thinking  says.
Beavis and Butt-head are the killers he has contacted.
They must do his wife.
Thinking  Butt-Head convinces Beavis.
Muddy means score with.
They can buy a new television.
Muddy hands them a photograph with instructions on.
Where to find her.
He then drives them.
Where they are staying.
Their room happens to be adjacent.
They accidentally burst in.
Dallas soon realizes.
They have no idea what they have been hired.
The police arrive to arrest her.
Beavis and Butt-head begin fighting over who will do Dallas first.
Thinking quickly  she plants a stolen biological weapon known in Beavis  pants.
Order to get rid.
She then gets them tickets.
C.
Instructing them do her there.
She will be waiting in the Capitol of the United States and will let them.
The stolen biological weapon attracts.
The attention  headed by Agent Flemming who orders a body cavity search on everyone he encounters and in spite of his tough talk  relies on fellow Agent Bork s assistance virtually all the time.
Flemming becomes convinced  cutting the power.
The duo are criminal masterminds after they accidentally release the water.
They visit landmarks including the Grand Canyon and Yellowstone National Park.
They wander through the desert.
Where they meet two men who are implied to be their fathers.
Part ways can make the kinship connection.
They soon begin to die of dehydration.
The next day  Beavis and Butt-head are found.
Who plans to kill them.
However.
Hearing that Dallas is going to meet up.
C  Muddy decides to take them the rest.
Butt-Head opens the trunk with a car jack.
They escape.
Beavis and Butt-head casually walk and get back on the tour bus  stopping at the United States Capitol Building before finally reaching the White House.
She is confronted by Muddy.
Dallas can meet to recover the weapon.
Muddy and Dallas then briefly reconcile.
They are arrested.
Faced  Dallas betrays Muddy by saying.
He hid the weapon.
She still gets the sentence.
The ATF is dispatched due to Beavis and Butt-Head being there on the same day as the Give Peace A Chance conference.
Beavis consumes.
Caffeine pills  sugar and coffee while  then transforms into Cornholio.
He wanders and picks up the red phone in the Oval Office  causing the military to go to DEFCON.
Meanwhile  Butt-head wanders.
Where he runs.
Where he is detained.
Beavis leaves the White House and goes.
Moments later  Anderson catches Beavis whacking off and angrily throws him out.
The ATF spots Beavis walking and confront him  thinking.
He has the weapon.
They are just about to open fire.
When Anderson opens his camper door  telling Beavis to take his pants.
The pants are ripped open.
The weapon  landing safely  is recovered  Butt-head simply hands it to Flemming.
Blame is ultimately pinned on Anderson.
Who is arrested along.
Agent Flemming informs Beavis and.
Their adventure will remain top secret.
Beavis and Butthead are shown seeing President Bill Clinton.
Who then makes Beavis and Butt-head honorary ATF agents  and gives them a contract.
B&B return and find their TV in front of the motel.
The film ends.
Insulting each other  then Beavis suggests going.
<EOS>
Eddie Ryan  a tough  no-nonsense  abrasive and racist Irish cop  has to turn to find out  Maureen.
Scuffling suspect who then falls to his death from a rooftop  but that does nt stop him from heading out on a one-man crusade.
Who killed his partner all the while neglecting his new live-in girlfriend.
Ryan s search leads him.
A shipment independenistas.
<EOS>
Aditya joins a law college.
The law college is notorious.
Aditya is shown.
There are several flashbacks to his story.
He makes.
The unruly students mend their ways.
We come to know and is serving his life term in Vizag central jail.
Aditya is a criminal facing murder charges.
He attends the college.
Aditya lives with his parents.
He has finished his intermediate studies.
He wants to pursue engineering.
His father wants him to study law.
This presents a tension  leading to a confrontation.
Meanwhile  Aditya unintentionally murders a goon.
Saving a girl raped.
Aditya s father disowns him at a police station.
The rest is.
Aditya wins the heart with the law degree he earns.
<EOS>
Aging New York cabbie James Flanagan still hopes to succeed.
He can recite any Shakespeare sonnet and is.
<EOS>
A mad scientist named and creates a virus.
Dr Viktor Vasilienko is disillusioned.
Is designed to make people rage.
He begins testing the virus on innocents.
His experiments do nt go.
Planned and his infected victims escape.
There  the infection spreads.
Vultures eat the remains and become out of control with the compulsion to eat human flesh.
<EOS>
Teresa de Jesus was originally broadcast to 30 April 1984  in the following 8 episodes  DVD booklet  section entitled About the Film.
Episode 2  Camino de perfeccion.
Teresa s illness continues.
She experiences a coma  but experiences a miraculous cure.
She attributes.
Joseph.
She experiences spiritual aridity  but is inspired.
Augustine s Confessions.
She experiences mystical visions.
Provoke distrust and opposition.
Episode 4  Desafio espiritual.
Founding convent  in avila  despite strong opposition from the neighborhood residents.
First experiences.
Episode 6  Visita de descalzas.
Teresa is appointed as prioress of her original convent.
She continues visiting and managing challenges.
She meets her confessor Father Jeronimo Gracian  Episode 7  Las moradas.
Conflicts come.
Those are also sometimes called the Reformed.
Teresa s reform was restoring original practices.
Who did not adopt her changes.
St.
John is imprisoned and tortured by monks of the unreformed order.
Eventually  The Pope approves autonomous status  shielding them from interference from the unreformed.
Includes a 16-page booklet.
It included a 16-page booklet  Discussion questions include.
Throughout the film  men are attracted to Teresa.
What do you think it is that they find attractive.
<EOS>
The main plot heads.
Her trying for making it sensibly.
<EOS>
Jack Watson is a millionaire playboy.
Who is about to turn 81 just as his grandson David is about to turn.
Jack laments his old age and wishes to get back once more.
Jack gets to live his grandson s life and all  school  sports and romance.
When an accident switches their souls.
It entails.
Unfortunately  David gets the raw end.
Not only is he trapped.
He is also.
Jack gets to approach his family and does nt always like  he s been a distant parent for his son Arnie and has repeatedly disregarded his ideas for improving the family company.
What he sees.
The college fraternity is bullying him and forcing him to write their test finals for them.
He coerced David.
He also finds out.
His trophy wife Madeline is unfaithful when she tries to seduce him  whom she thinks is her young.
Jack s family decides to disconnect his 81-year-old body.
Knowing  Jack has to rush back to save him and set things right.
This will kill David.
<EOS>
The gang is trying just about anything to pass the time.
Mickey and Jack are trying to win the affections of Mary.
The village blacksmith  Dad Anderson  receives a lucrative contract to produce a creation of his  a sail-propelled scooter.
The gang is lucky enough to get a hold  and happily sail down the city streets.
<EOS>
Emily Delahunty is an eccentric British romance novelist.
Who lives.
The train is bombed by terrorists.
She is.
She invites three.
She wakes up.
Are The General  a retired British Army veteran  Werner  a young German man  and Aimee.
Who has now become mute.
The explosion is being investigated.
The group recovers.
Responding  Aimee begins to speak again.
The local authorities seek out any relatives who might be able to take her.
They eventually locate her uncle  Tom Riversmith  a university professor.
S.
He agrees to take Aimee back.
S.
To live.
Himself  though they have little time and are particularly concerned about trying to raise a child as well as the Professor.
Who has been.
Who had no experience raising children.
Mrs Delahunty works hard to find common ground and eventually convinces him to leave Aimee with her in Italy rather than taking the child back to America to a loveless home.
Meanwhile  Inspector Girotti discovers.
Werner was involved.
The plot departs substantially.
<EOS>
Ex-con turned.
Private investigator Bradford Galt suspects someone is following him and maybe even trying to kill him.
He dives deep into a mystery in search of answers.
Galt turns the tables.
Who claims to be a private eye named Foss  hired.
Jardine has begun having an affair with the much-younger wife of Hardy Cathcart  a wealthy art-gallery owner.
It appears.
Jardine is setting up Galt to take another fall.
But it turns out.
Foss is not a private eye.
He ambushes Galt  knocking him out  then murders Jardine and places a bloody poker in Galt s hand.
Kathleen has fallen with Galt  so she aids him in covering up the crime and in trying to find out.
Who s.
Cathcart   pushes him through a window to his death.
It appears.
Cathcart has thought.
Someone else arrives to ruin Cathcart s diabolical plan.
As he is about to eliminate Galt.
<EOS>
The film loosely follows the central plot.
British secret agent James Brum infiltrates the Pub Royale.
Where he beats opponent Le Dough.
Escaping  Brum gives chase to Le Dough on a modified bicycle to rescue love-interest Lambretta.
Brum sellotapes live hedgehogs to the road.
Puncture the tyres.
It hurtles.
<EOS>
The plot centres.
Whose life circumstances change and who is forced to take up the life.
<EOS>
The Stooges are wannabe detectives.
Who inadvertently get their chance to crack a case.
They manage to stumble.
The trio head for Squid McGuffy s cafe asking for the whereabouts of Dapper.
They manage to convince everyone.
They are actually police.
The Stooges stumble.
Searching several rooms.
Who hastily hides the Punjab diamond.
The boys refuse to leave  suspecting Dapper will eventually show his face.
Shemp starts to flirt  and manages to swallow the ice along with some mints from the candy dish.
Killing time.
The gal nearly has a nervous breakdown but quickly discovers.
The Stooges are not actually real detectives.
She calls and frantically try to pry the diamond out of frazzled Shemp.
Dapper decides to cut him open.
All else fails.
Moe and Larry are locked by Muscles.
Shemp is tied down by desk-turned-operating table.
There happen to be a bag.
Luck would have it.
Moe and Larry use to saw their way out on the other side of the wall.
The gorilla knocks Moe  Larry  Dapper and Muscles cold.
The beast  however  befriends Shemp  and helps him cough up the diamond.
Moments later  Shemp explains.
He managed to swallow by actually doing so again.
<EOS>
Ram Chand is unable to obtain suitable employment  and works.
Well qualified.
One day he meets.
Who is.
Him to live.
Ravi gets employed as Ram  albeit as a Manager  and falls in love and marries a co-worker named Lata.
Ram s parents would like him to get married too.
He goes to see them and meets his bride-to-be  Kusum Sharma.
Ram sends a photograph to Ravi and Lata  and is disappointed to learn.
Ravi does not approve.
Ravi gives very elusive responses.
When Ram attempts to find out the reason.
Ram takes it to find out.
Ravi disapproves so much.
It is then Ram.
Will come to know.
<EOS>
Helen Kane stars.
Who has a crush.
The professor however is.
She s such a poor student.
She disrupts the classroom.
He kicks her out.
However Later Helen ca nt get over her feelings for Professor Hotchiss.
Helen bump s.
They both confess.
They re love.
Helen then begins to sing.
I Love Myself Cause You Love Me.
<EOS>
A man gathers the attention of the passengers in his train car  saying.
He has an announcement to make.
The passengers at first seem to think.
The man is one that frequent metro trains.
But the man says.
He is simply looking.
He says.
He is well off  educated  and not unattractive  and that he is simply looking to share life s precious moments with.
The man says.
Any interested women should get off.
A woman promptly stands up as soon  and steps off.
The train slows down.
Obviously excited  she is waiting to step off to join her.
The man tells her  it was only a sketch  The train doors shut and train speeds off leaving the woman standing alone and dejected on the platform.
She stares his way.
The screen cuts.
The man s voice is heard saying  We hope.
You enjoyed the show.
A small contribution would be most welcome.
<EOS>
Three robbers  Lylle Corbett  Dolph Kostis  and Darlene  steal one-million dollars to the United States.
But   decides to kill him  withouth Darlene  knowing it.
Informs her.
When returning.
Lylle is out and that she should forget about him.
Darlene  had been visited.
Dolph had returned.
Who was there to request her to turn down the volume.
Livio sees a one-thousand dollar bill  and quickly knows.
They are the robbers  that he had recently heard about  and that they call themselves Mr and Mrs Smithopolis.
Away  to not getting caught  Dolph and Darlene  make a get-a-way on a rental boat.
However  they unaware and has planted a bomb  to kill the pair  and take off for she and her brother  Lylle   is also in the boat.
The owner is in the back of the boat.
Who is supposed to be dead.
Who later holds them hostage.
Arriving ensures everyone.
He is.
However  Lady Xenia and her butler Jannis  are.
Lady Xenia can die.
Also arriving is hotel owner  Livio.
Who has left his girlfriend  Madame Benoit.
But is  everyone else there knows.
What Dolph  Lylle  and Darlene  do nt know.
They re the robbers  and that they want the money.
People are starting to be killed  with the killer being unknown.
Lylle  suspects the killer to be the holder or a person looking for it.
Lylle goes insane searching.
Dolph dies  following after.
Lylle  finds out.
Sandra  the so innocent-looking girl is the killer and the holder.
Lylle and Sandra  fall over a cliff  as a result of fighting for the money  and die.
Darlene  now the last woman standing  drowns herself.
The police are arriving.
<EOS>
The film documents the lives on the isolated shores of Lake Natron in northern Tanzania  revealing the breeding and parenting habits of the species.
The flamingos breed chicks  always on the move trying to enjoy their lives.
Grow up.
They encounter vicious marabou storks.
Who kill many unborn and newly born chicks and a villainous spotted hyena who takes no pity.
It focuses.
The film progresses.
Is separated from her mother and the flamingo clan when the Storks attack.
She successfully dodges the Storks and rejoins the clan of flamingos.
Where she grows up.
The mid sized flamingo has to teach itself the key habits.
No mother or father to look up.
She successfully grows up to become a large  pink feathered flamingo and survives.
When the clan is attacked.
Her story is focused on to show the strength and determination the flamingos have.
<EOS>
Betty holds a Betty Boop Exposition.
Where she displays the latest modern inventions.
Her creations included an ultra-streamlined car  a roadster  a multi-level baby carriage for quintuplets  and a grand piano.
Can change.
Her final invention is her dress.
Can change with a train.
The dress is a sensation.
Soon everyone is wearing the latest Boop creation.
<EOS>
We see Frosty s hat escape from a locked chest in an attic  fly out a window  and descend on the picture perfect town of Evergreen.
Frosty first reveals himself Mr Tinkerton.
Tommy dares not to accept Frosty s invitation to play.
He s afraid.
So Frosty instead befriends Tommy s best friend  Walter Wader.
Who shocks everyone  especially his very strict mother.
Walter s rule-breaking gets all the kids.
It greatly upsets Principal Pankley.
Who is even more adamantly opposed than Mr Tinkerton.
Principal Pankley uses the arrival to sow doubts among the townspeople about Mayor Tinkerton s leadership.
Little he begins to take over the town.
But  it is nt easily contained.
Magic is stirred up.
Frosty wins over the other kids of Evergreen  including Sara Simple  Tommy s brother  Charlie Tinkerton  and Sonny  Sully  and Simon Sklarew.
Frosty befriends each through the simple means of believing in them.
Inspires them to begin to believe.
Increasingly desperate to deny the existence and keep Evergreen fun-free  Principal Pankley tricks Walter Wader into helping him lure Frosty for some ice-skating fun  then tricks Frosty into venturing onto thin ice.
Frosty falls and melts.
Walter can save his friend.
Principal Pankley captures Frosty s hat.
Is the key.
Tommy Tinkerton   has been sitting  watching his best friend  his brother  and his hoped-for sweetheart experiencing adventure and magic.
All unfolds.
Who was the first one to whom Frosty appeared.
Which he could share.
But he has held back.
Though he yearns to meet Frosty  to his dad.
Everything changes  though.
When Tommy finds a secret room.
Most of the comic book is blank.
Each time Tommy checks it again  new panels appear.
Tommy learns.
Frosty s magic is and that Principal Pankley  a childhood friend of his father s  took Frosty s hat and hid it away in an attic  causing young Mr Tinkerton to lose his faith in magic.
The comic book also reveals.
What Principal Pankley has just done to recapture Frosty.
All this time  Tommy has held back.
Who has always told Tommy not to believe.
But now Tommy sees  but was tricked.
His dad once believed  too.
And Tommy realizes.
The most loyal thing he can do is not to hide  but to help his dad rediscover that magic is indeed real.
Tommy explains.
What s really going  and leads a daring rescue of Frosty s hat in which all the kids help out.
A climactic series follows.
In which Principal Pankley tries and fails to recapture the hat  then tries to deter the townspeople.
But Mr Tinkerton refuses to be deterred.
Tommy is able to reintroduce his dad.
Who Mr Tinkerton had long since stopped believing in.
Meanwhile  the other parents are confused and angry .
Are their kids out.
And one join in.
The town  which had forgotten how to have fun  gives itself over joyously to a snowball-fighting  horseplaying  lark of a good time.
A brief epilogue shows us Evergreen transformed.
All along  the story has been narrated.
Who appears periodically.
The narrator or Thomas reveals.
He is Tommy Tinkerton  all grown up and now married.
He has been telling us his own story.
<EOS>
Harry  prompted  journeys to discover the true circumstances surrounding her murder.
When his wife is killed.
<EOS>
Kaspar is partnered.
He locates the hideout.
Trowel has been unable to find because he is too focused.
Trowel hires safecracker Frederick Fenzer and his bodyguard  Noname  to set up Ruthie to be kidnapped by the ring.
She is supposed to wear a tracking device.
She s taken.
She can put it on.
Fortunately  Kaspar already knows.
Where the hideout is.
Ruthie is killed and replaced with a confused alien.
This is supervised.
Who is a slave.
Aph accidentally led Utaya.
Another human looking alien  teaches the replacement Ruthie.
To function.
She also kidnaps Trowel.
His body could to be used.
Freddie s brother Junior shows up to deliver his brother s stash and give Aph s apprentice  Prudence  a hard time.
Prudence and Kaspar end up bound together.
Utaya wants Fenzer s help.
He also wants Kaspar s body ready.
The dead are usually vapid and confused or become zombies.
Junior attempts.
She shoots him.
Freddie complains.
Utaya is simply Trowel high.
Puffing his joint complains  I do nt work.
Who ai nt straight.
Meanwhile  romance has blossomed  so Aph gives the couple a ride in his convertible.
<EOS>
Vir is a bachelor.
A handsome  charming  macho idiot  yearns and lusts after any woman.
Who flirts.
Who is friendly but seems unattainable.
- Vir is suckered by them all.
Whom he ogles as she wipes his floor.
Ego  Confusion  Commitment.
It s so difficult to stop flattering and lying -.
<EOS>
Sue Ellen Crandell is a 17-year old high school graduate.
Who  can not go to Europe for the summer with her friends.
Sue Ellen remains optimistic.
Their mother travels.
Much hires a live-in babysitter  Mrs Sturak  a seemingly sweet  humble old woman.
Who assures Mrs Crandell that she can take care.
Eventually  Sue Ellen and her siblings find.
Mrs Sturak had died.
They agree to stuff the babysitter in a trunk and drop her off at a local funeral home  with a note attached reading Nice old lady inside  died of natural causes.
Sue Ellen finds work at a fast food restaurant called Clown Dog.
She quits because of the obnoxious manager.
Sue Ellen then forges a resume and applies at General Apparel West  hoping to secure a job as a receptionist.
However  Rose Lindsey  a company executive  finds her resume so impressive.
She offers Sue Ellen a job.
Sue Ellen has to balance the adult responsibilities thrust upon her while still trying to enjoy herself as a teenager.
The double life causes a strain.
When she discovers that he and Carolyn are brother and sister.
Sue Ellen finds.
Herself tested when she learns that GAW is.
She takes it to create a new clothing line.
Rose suggests holding a fashion show to exhibit their new designs.
Sue Ellen offers to host the party  convincing her siblings to help clean up the house and act.
It comes  shortly followed by Mrs Crandell herself.
She manages to pull off the party.
When Bryan unexpectedly shows up to apologize.
Who has come home early.
Sue Ellen has no choice.
To confess the truth.
Sue Ellen learns.
Apologizing after the party.
Her unique designs had saved GAW.
Rose then offers the real Sue Ellen the job.
She respectfully declines.
Sue Ellen and Bryan make up  but are soon interrupted by Mrs Crandell.
Who inquires.
The scene cuts away to the cemetery.
Where two morticians look.
<EOS>
Dhanalakshmi a.
K. 
A. 
Dhana is the lone daughter.
Who has crore property.
Her father marries another woman.
She lost her mother.
However  Dhana faces neglect.
There is no one to console her and the only friend.
Dhana s father passes away.
Who showed affection was Balaji.
He too leaves her.
She completes her Class X.
She bequeaths her father s property and her mother eyes it and wanted to marry Dhana.
Dhana grew up.
So Dhana escapes and takes shelter in her friend s house in Hyderabad.
Aravind  son.
Who moves.
He comes and loses his heart to her.
However   Dhana gets caught by her stepmother.
Aravind helps her.
When she was about take her away.
This makes Dhana to befriend.
She reveals her childhood friendship and tells Aravind.
She is and ca nt imagine any other in his place.
Aravind decides to go to Kolkata in search of a job and at the same time  Dhana also comes to know.
Balaji is.
They both again meet.
Accidentally Dhana misses the train.
So Aravind helps her reach Kolkata to meet her childhood friend Balaji.
Aravind gets severely hurt in the hands of a criminal.
Who tries to implicate Dhana.
Later  Aravind takes Dhana.
Dhana s stepmother also reaches Kolkata and agrees with Balaji.
Dhana realises.
When the marriage was about to take place.
Her stepmother enacted a drama and created a fake Balaji to impress Dhana.
Again Aravind comes.
Time Dhana realises that she was.
The film ends.
<EOS>
A radio talk show host  his wealthy wife  their mentally challenged son and a federal judge are taken hostage by a group of terrorists.
The group demand.
A new trial was wrongly convicted of manslaughter.
The radio listeners are asked to act as the jury and to telephone in their verdicts to the radio station.
<EOS>
To peacefully small-town live entry man  young hooligan Bejby  he with his eccentric clothes  guittar and craze for rock n roll disturb slack water of not only boy s world  but too into adult s world  striving not think about hard times.
What time they lives.
Interfere into live waiter s helper Eda Drabek  warder Prokok and his son  nicknamed and in a way too into live chanteuse Milada and her Husband  arrogant member of StB Pemek.
<EOS>
The movie has a fixed point showing a bed with two characters on it  Sedgwick and Piserchio.
Chuck Wein is heard speaking but is just out.
Sedgwick is wearing a lace bra and panties.
Piserchio  wearing only jockey shorts  engage.
Wein asks Sedgwick questions seemingly designed to harass and annoy her.
Piserchio is more or less a bystander not interacting.
The dialogue seems created adlib.
No conclusions are reached.
The only conceivable climax is  she throws a glass ashtray  breaking it.
When Sedgwick finally becomes so mad.
<EOS>
Felix is a hungry cat  looking for food remnants in a trash bin.
Finding nothing inside  he heads.
He finds roast chicken hanging next to an upper window.
To reach it  he sneaks.
Then propels him upward.
Felix gets his hands  only to have himself grabbed and thrown back down by a resident.
Felix is walking  still wondering.
To obtain some food.
Suddenly spotting Father Time standing  Felix asks the old time master to put him in a period.
May do well.
Father Time at first declines  but agrees.
When Felix offers a silver dollar.
The time wizard brings out a wand.
A grants Felix his wish.
Father Time sends him.
Where cavemen and dinosaurs were common.
Looking to eat  Felix picks up a large bone  only to be chased by a giant lizard.
Felix finds himself in front of a pre-historic tailor shop.
A caveman is looking for a suitable garment but appears uninterested in the few clothes.
The tailor shows him.
The tailor steps outside and notices Felix.
Finding the cat s pelt  the tailor lures him into the shop.
Where a frenzy happens.
The caveman then emerges wearing a black garment.
Felix shows up almost entirely bones.
The caveman removes the outfit to go.
Felix uses this opportunity to get back his pelt.
He continues wandering.
He comes.
Father Time has been napping until his alarm clock rings.
He wakes and finds.
It is time to return Felix.
Felix is still having trouble but the time wizard s magic finally takes effect.
Felix is at last sent back.
He figures.
He has to return.
It is better.
<EOS>
William Shakespeare is a poor playwright.
His love was cheating with his patron.
Suffering  he is unable to complete the play  but begins auditions for Romeo.
A young man named.
Thomas Kent is cast after impressing Shakespeare with his performance and his love of Shakespeare s previous work.
Kent is actually Viola de Lesseps  the daughter   she must disguise herself.
Who desires to act but.
Women are banned.
He and Viola begin a passionate secret affair.
Shakespeare discovers his star s true identity.
Inspired  Shakespeare writes quickly  and benefits from the advice of playwright and friendly rival Christopher ` Kit  Marlowe.
Shakespeare and Viola know  however.
Their romance is doomed.
He is married.
Long separated.
Viola s parents have arranged her betrothal.
Shakespeare dons a woman s disguise to accompany her.
When Viola is summoned.
He persuades Wessex to bet #.
A play can not capture the nature.
Shakespeare will win the money.
Romeo and Juliet is a success.
The Queen   agrees to witness the wager.
Who enjoys Shakespeare s plays.
Edmund Tilney  the Master  learns.
There is a woman.
Orders the theatre closed.
Left  it seems.
Romeo and Juliet must close before it even opens  until Richard Burbage  the owner  offers his stage to Shakespeare.
Shakespeare assumes the lead role  with a boy actor  playing Juliet.
Viola learns.
The play will be performed  and after the ceremony secretly travels to the theatre.
Shortly  the boy playing Juliet starts experiencing the voice change.
The play begins.
Viola replaces him and plays Juliet.
Their passionate portrayal inspires the entire audience.
Tilney arrives.
Who has deduced his new bride s location.
Tilney plans to arrest the audience and cast.
The Queen is.
The Queen does not unmask her  instead declaring.
She recognizes Viola.
The role is being performed by Thomas Kent.
However  even a queen is powerless to end a lawful marriage  so she orders Kent to fetch Viola.
That she may sail to the Colony of Virginia.
The Queen also states  the exact amount Shakespeare requires to buy a share.
Romeo and Juliet has accurately portrayed true love so Wessex must pay Shakespeare #.
The Queen then directs Kent to tell Shakespeare to write something a little more cheerful next time.
Viola and Shakespeare part  resigned.
The film closes  Or.
Shakespeare begins to write Twelfth Night.
Her name will be  Viola  a strong young woman castaway.
Who disguises herself.
<EOS>
Prem and Divya are married couples.
Arrive  to seek divorce.
The movie starts both.
The actual movie unfolds.
Both remember - how they met and fell.
They also face parental opposition.
They eventually marry and start a separate life altogether with their friends.
Prem then starts an advertising firm.
He is helped.
Eventually he becomes quite successful.
He starts.
Is found.
Thus Divya abandons him and moves out and goes to live with her parents.
Prem tries unsuccessfully to woo Divya back.
Fall flat.
Finally Divya understands her husband and returns.
Is the last blow.
Prem and Ramya are granted Divorce.
A criminal tries to flee  Prem fights to free her from the criminal and is stabbed to death.
They are leaving the court.
Divya realises Prem s true love for her and confesses the same at the hospital.
<EOS>
Trapped  murderous prom queen Mary Lou Maloney   manages to escape her chains by severing them with a nail file.
Who burned.
Returning  Mary Lou kills the school janitor and one of her many former boyfriends Jack Russell by electrocuting him with a jukebox to the point.
His pacemaker bursts.
The day  Principal Weatherall  officially opens Hamilton High s recently reconstructed gymnasium  accidentally severing one of his own fingers while cutting the ribbon with a pair of scissors  an act to wreak havoc through the gym with powerful winds.
Prompts an unseen force.
Hours   leaves a date with his girlfriend  having been told by snarky guidance counselor Ms.
Who dreams.
Sarah Monroe to get his textbooks to study for an upcoming test.
Richards will never reach medical school and be left to do little more.
His grades mean he.
Alex is approached.
The two ultimately have sex.
Waking up  Alex redresses and   Mary Lou appears to him  both during his biology test and during a football game.
Mary Lou helps Alex win  much.
Mary Lou murders him  pinning his hands before stabbing him in the face with a mixer and stuffing him with food  mostly fruit.
When biology teacher Mr Walker fails Alex s test.
Finding Mr Walker s body  Alex hides it in the football field before going off to have sex with Mary Lou.
Who seduces him.
Alex s grades skyrocket.
He makes the honor roll and becomes a football star.
His secret romance also strains his relationship with Sarah.
Richards with battery acid.
The counselor becomes suspicious.
Richards s body.
Richards  Alex is confronted.
Who had earlier kicked him.
The two get.
Ends when Mary Lou kills Andrew.
Growing tired and her obsession over him  Alex tries to break things off with Mary Lou.
Enrages the ghost.
Trying to go on after dumping Mary Lou  Alex tries to patch things up with Sarah by asking her to the prom inaugurating the new gym  only to learn.
She is going.
Finding himself stalked  Alex tells his best friend Shane Taylor everything.
Prompts Mary Lou to kill Shane.
Shane s death is then blamed.
Who Shane s parents see fleeing with blood on his hands.
Tracked down  Alex is arrested and put in jail.
Alex is approached.
Who  after Alex rejects her once more  leaves to kill Sarah  electrocuting a pair and leaving behind the keys to Alex s cell  which Alex uses to escape.
Sarah is attacked by Mary Lou.
Who had killed Leonard.
Reaching the gymnasium  Alex willingly goes with Mary Lou  making her promise.
Mary Lou is about to kill Sarah.
If he goes she will leave everyone else alone.
Sarah follows them  jumping.
Mary Lou and Alex descend.
It closes.
Fighting off zombified versions in a nightmarish version of Hamilton High  Sarah tracks Alex down to Hell s equivalent of Hamilton High s gym.
Where Mary Lou is about to kill Alex so he can be her prom king.
Managing to briefly incapacitate Mary Lou  Sarah and Alex avoid the swarms of zombie students after them and reach a car in the Underworld school s garage.
Sarah hotwires.
Sarah and Alex seemingly escape back by hitting Mary Lou with the car.
The zombies overwhelm them.
Driving  Alex  realizing  asks Sarah for some  and witnesses her be killed by Mary Lou.
The phone only takes dimes.
Who drives her hand.
<EOS>
E.
Hotchner  the film follows the story.
Louis is committed to a sanatorium with tuberculosis.
His father  a German immigrant and traveling salesman working  is off on long trips from.
The boy can not be certain he will return.
<EOS>
Donner the reindeer s wife gives birth.
The two are shocked to discover.
Rudolph s unusually red nose is capable.
Santa Claus visits their cave to meet their son and warns them  so Donner tries to conceal Rudolph s nose with dirt.
Rudolph will be unqualified to pull the sleigh if he continues to carry the trait.
A year later  Rudolph s parents take him to participate.
Where he  along  will be trained to fly and help Santa deliver toys.
Rudolph meets a friendly reindeer named Fireball.
There. 
Whom he quickly befriends and romps about.
The pair come.
Who seems to take a romantic interest.
Fireball encourages Rudolph to speak.
She happens to like him  giving him the strength to perform a dazzling leap.
However   the cover pops off Rudolph s nose  unveiling his secret.
When Rudolph and Fireball engage.
Costs him his friendship.
All poke fun at Rudolph s nose.
He is prohibited from taking part in the Reindeer Games.
Clarice   stays around to try to comfort him.
Who is not the least bit bothered.
Clarice s father forbids her to hang around with Rudolph.
Shatters the young buck s heart and prompts him to make the decision to run away.
Later  Rudolph meets an elf named Hermey and has also decided to run away.
Who aspires to become a dentist  but is ridiculed.
He agrees to join Rudolph.
They set off together.
They meet.
A cheerfully boisterous  loud prospector named Yukon Cornelius  who dreams.
The trio struggle to find a place to stay called The Island.
When they come.
Where unwanted playthings go to live until the island s ruler  King Moonracer  a brown winged lion  manages to find homes for them.
Rudolph  Yukon Cornelius  and Hermey tell King Moonracer  to ask Santa Claus to deliver the toys.
They need shelter  so he agrees to let them stay for a promise from Rudolph  as soon as he returns to the North Pole.
Later that night   Rudolph decides to leave the island knowing.
His nose is going to be a burden.
Eventually  Rudolph grows older and decides to go home.
Where he is agitated to find that his matured peers still poke fun.
He finds.
When he returns.
His parents  along  have left to search for him.
Rudolph leaves to search and is angered to find.
They have been kidnapped.
Rudolph headbutts the monster  only to end up getting knocked unconscious  Fortunately  Hermey and Yukon Cornelius   eventually find him and rush.
Who have been searching.
They distract the monster  allowing Hermey to extract his teeth.
Rudolph awakens.
He and his family are unable to escape.
Yukon Cornelius chases the Abominable Snow Monster.
Where he dogpiles the monster.
They both fall over.
He is assumed to be dead.
The misfits return home and are no longer mocked.
Who are sympathetic.
Much  Yukon Cornelius returns with a tamed Abominable Snow Monster.
Whom he has taught to place a star.
The now reformed monster decides to live.
However  a horrific blizzard is about to prevent Santa.
He is caught and asks him to lead his sleigh.
Announcing the news.
Rudolph agrees.
They set off to deliver the presents  but not.
<EOS>
The film  set  tells the story of Rosario  a young schoolteacher engaged to be married to Crispin.
Crispin leaves Rosario to fight the Japanese.
A Japanese-Filipino officer named.
Masugi rapes her.
Masugi later returns.
Rosario at first refuses.
Matters are complicated.
When Rosario s father Mang Andoy is arrested to Masugi.
She is pregnant.
Rosario must make a choice  accept Masugi s proposal to make her his wife  or reject him and the baby.
They have conceived together.
<EOS>
Bill Rago is a divorced advertising executive down.
The unemployment agency finds him a temporary job  teaching.
When he loses his job.
S.
Army training base  Fort McClane.
Initially unenthusiastic  Rago finds.
He has only six weeks to teach a group achievers  the basics of comprehension and use of English language.
Most are only semi-literate and equally unenthusiastic.
Unable to connect and desperate to spark their interest  Rago quotes from his favorite play  Hamlet by William Shakespeare.
They have never heard.
A small initial spark is generated.
Rago further introduces them.
Generates further interest.
Who is revealed.
His Captain friend does nt expect them to pass  adding that if they fail  they will be discharged.
However  they succeed.
The climax comes.
One proudly gives Cass the St.
Crispin s Day Speech while in full combat gear in the middle of the rain during a night exercise.
Rago realizes.
He has finally achieved success.
Rago also does some investigation.
Which one is awarded the medal his father was to have been given posthumously  after he was killed on duty in Vietnam.
Rago is saluted by his ` graduates   and signs on for a further period of teaching.
<EOS>
The story is set  and involves the efforts of a US uranium processing company s representative and a woman medical missionary  to thwart the efforts of agents of a foreign power  abetted by a disaffected native witchdoctor  to gain control of a large uranium deposit on lands owned by the latter s tribe.
<EOS>
Kitty Moran  a radio star  finds out.
She is pregnant.
Kitty and her husband Jack move their show and become determined to adopt a baby.
She miscarries.
<EOS>
Viswanathan  a famous director  is haunted.
Whom he accidentally hit while driving.
Later he meets Shyama  the daughter  still struggling with the death of her boyfriend  the man.
Whom Viswanathan had killed.
<EOS>
A plus soul is chased.
Ichigo Kurosaki and Rukia Kuchiki appear and dispatch and send the soul off to Soul Society.
Comically  Ichigo finds.
His body inspected  having turned into a Soul Reaper without placing an artificial soul within his body.
He escapes.
Unidentified ghost-like spirits begin appearing in Karakura Town.
A mysterious Soul Reaper appears and begins destroying the spirits.
Who calls herself Senna.
Ichigo and Rukia return then confront her.
She refuses to answer any questions and leaves.
Kon notices a figure wearing dark armor among the spirits.
Ichigo follows Senna.
Rukia returns in order to search for answers.
Ichigo encounters Toshiro Hitsugaya and Rangiku Matsumoto.
Following Senna  who tells him to come to the Urahara Shop  having been sent to earth to investigate why the real world is suddenly appearing as a reflection in the sky in Soul Society  having been noticed by Ikkaku Madarame and Tetsuzaemon Iba.
Back  Kisuke Urahara explains.
A dimension  the Valley of Screams  has expanded to the point that it is connecting the two worlds.
The spirits seen earlier are Blanks  souls.
Were lost.
Comprise the Valley.
The memories combine to form a single entity  the Shinenju.
Deducing  he instructs.
The Soul Reapers assembled to find the Shinenju before this mysterious group does.
Ichigo once again follows Senna around.
Where they make a scene.
Shortly afterwards  Senna is attacked.
Ichigo arrives to fend them off  not knowing their motives.
Senna and Ichigo travel.
Trying to help a soul find his father.
When suddenly officers appear at the monastery along with some armed forces.
They declare  and order Ichigo to hand her over.
Senna is the Shinenju.
Ichigo  valuing her  refuses.
The mysterious group arrive  calling themselves the Dark Ones  and are identified seeking revenge for the past  appearing and capturing Senna.
Managing to fight off the Soul Reapers and Ichigo.
Ichigo is mortally wounded and is taken back to Urahara Shop.
Where Orihime Inoue proceeds to heal him.
The Dark Ones take Senna and attach her to a device powered by the Blanks.
Will cause the Valley  resulting in a collision between the real world and the Soul Society that would destroy both worlds.
Ichigo travels to rescue Senna.
Rukia goes to get reinforcements.
However  Captain-Commander Shigekuni Yamamoto-Genryusai wants to destroy the Valley.
It collapses and refuses to order a rescue mission.
Ichigo is overpowered by the large number of blanks and by the Dark Ones.
He is saved.
Jushiro Ukitake convinces the Captain-Commander to prolong the destruction of the Valley.
That the Soul Reaper force may complete the mission and escape the Valley beforehand.
The Soul Reapers quickly defeat the Dark Ones and Blanks.
Ichigo battles and eventually defeats their leader  Ganryu.
The Soul Reaper force then quickly leave the Valley and reappear.
However  the process has gone too far to be completely stopped.
Senna sacrifices herself to push the two worlds back apart to save Ichigo  using the power to trigger explosions between the Real World and Soul Society.
Order to stabilize both.
Afterwards   Senna  weakened asks Ichigo to take her to the graveyard.
When both worlds have been saved.
She can see her name.
Ichigo lies and tells her.
The stone had the name whose memory Senna had.
Her name is.
Believing him  she expresses contentment.
She once had a life before fading away.
Rukia notes.
Once the power fades away  so will all memories of Senna.
However  the last scene shows Ichigo walking.
Where the portal was and sees a red ribbon  the one that he had bought Senna  floating down from the sky  and sees a girl who looks just like her running past him  causing him to smile.
<EOS>
A modern-day evangelical Pastor  Dan Day  accidentally shoots atheist Dr Paul Blaylock.
Discussing a new book idea.
Pastor Day tries to make.
It look  fearing the damage to his reputation if word were to get out.
However  reborn church-goer and ex-deadhead Carl witnesses the act.
Carl has to endure attacks.
Who kidnaps him looking to blackmail both Carl and Pastor Day.
<EOS>
The setting is the Old West town.
Where a young woman  Mercedes Murphy  co-owns and operates a combination saloon and dance hall called the Red Hen.
Her little half-sister  Olive Live Sumner   lives.
Who is crippled.
Her and she makes every effort to protect the child.
A tough  but good-hearted businesswoman  Mercedes shows a tender side.
Her partner  Slick  and a cowboy called.
The Heller  who has a heart  are both interested in Live.
A reform movement comes with the arrival of Reverend Gavin McGregor  and sets up a church next to the saloon and dance hall.
Who wants to clean up the town.
Initially  Mercedes is opposed.
There is immediate antagonism.
He and Mercedes come to respect each other  however.
She is so impressed.
She closes down her business.
Mercedes blames the reverend and is filled.
When her little sister is sexually abused.
She begins a vigorous attack and goes gunning for him.
But the Heller discovers.
It was actually Mercedes  partner  Slick  who compromised Live s virtue and shoots him dead.
She and the reverend become friends.
Mercedes learns that it was Slick and not the reverend who betrayed Live.
She closes down the saloon and dance hall permanently and prepares to leave town.
The reverend then professes his love and begs her to stay.
<EOS>
A cop forced by ill health is persuaded by his brother to buy a race horse.
It all goes a bit wrong.
When the horse is stolen.
<EOS>
The film is.
Who has no recollection.
He spends his time.
The only friend is his manager Manolo  an Indian trying to escape poverty.
He has.
However soon Jack s violent past catches up.
When he sees a woman he has not seen.
The film is most notable.
Which Jack s Muay Thai style  wrestling  ju jitsu  capoeira and karate.
<EOS>
Professor Brij Mohan Agnihotri is a confirmed bachelor.
He firmly refuses to get married.
He has a student named Ramesh.
Who considers him his mentor.
Brij meets his friend s beautiful daughter  Punam  and falls in love with her.
Throwing all caution  he changes his appearance  and attempts to conquer Punam.
He later finds.
Punam is attracted.
Now the professor has to decide.
Whether to get rid  or to reverse their roles and make him his mentor.
<EOS>
Wedding coordinator Toni  is a girl.
Who believes.
She is considered to be an old maid by her married sisters  aunts  and friends.
Always the bride s maid  never the bride  Toni has yet to find Mr Right.
Is Lorenz  is a wedding photographer.
Who does nt believe.
He always catches Toni unaware.
To make matters worse  these photos were published  making Toni the renowned perennial bridesmaid.
Lorenzo s problems become worse.
When his boss offers a boost  so long as he makes a pictoral article on Toni.
Toni  finally agrees.
Who protests.
Lorenzo and Toni gradually being to fall.
<EOS>
The film opens and stumble upon a Maori burial cave.
When Philip Wayne and Paddy Clarke are exploring part.
Captured  they manage to impress them enough to be offered a trial by challenge.
Wayne succeeds in.
The Maori chief  Hongi Tepe adopts Wayne.
<EOS>
The story revolves to her.
<EOS>
A young priest arrives.
He is not welcome.
The girls laugh at him in a prank.
Whereby only one appears to know the Scriptural basis of the Eucharist so that the rest of them can laugh at their private conversation.
His colleagues criticize his diet.
Concerned  the priest visits the Countess at the family chateau  and appears to help her resume communion with God after a period of doubt.
She dies  allowing her daughter to spread false rumors.
The priest s harsh words had tormented her.
Refusing confession  Chantal had previously spoken.
The older priest talks to his younger colleague about his poor diet and lack of prayer.
He remains unable to focus.
The priest goes to the city to visit a doctor.
Who diagnoses him.
The priest goes.
Who has lapsed and is now an apothecary and who lives.
He dies after being blessed by him.
Two famous lines include.
God is not a torturer -LRB- Scorsese s favorite lineRobert Castillo  Gangster Priest  The Italian American Cinema.
Toronto  University is grace.
<EOS>
George Petty tries to convince car manufacturer B.
J.
Manton to use pretty women to help advertise his dreary new car model.
He is not succeeding.
When Manton s daughter  the often-married Mrs Connie Manton Dezlow  interrupts the business meeting  takes a liking  and makes herself his patron.
Soon  she has furnished him.
She also talks him.
Meanwhile  Victoria Braymore  the youngest professor  attends a conference in New York to defend the school against charges.
It is outdated and.
She has led a sheltered life  raised after the death of her parents  and is only allowed to go with a chaperone  her friend Dr Crutcher.
George meets Victoria.
She resists his attempts to become better acquainted  but finally agrees  provided.
He finds a date.
Desperate  he gets Beardsley to pretend to be his uncle Ben.
The dinner is a disaster  Beardsley gets drunk  Dr Crutcher thinks.
She is George s date.
Victoria is distant.
Finally  George decides to leave.
When Victoria surprises him.
She goes.
When a drink is spilled.
Where the attendant offers to iron it.
However  the police raid the establishment   Victoria ends up getting arrested dressed only in her slip.
Her picture is published.
She cuts short her trip and returns.
When she gets out.
George follows her and gets a job.
Using the newspaper photograph  he blackmails her.
Their first two dates end badly.
Then   she is seen.
When he has her sneak out to pose.
Who misinterprets the situation.
Victoria cheerfully quits  finally agreeing.
The other professors are inclined.
She is being stifled there.
Victoria goes.
Where she meets her rival.
She tries to persuade George molding him to satisfy her wishes and expectations.
Mrs Dezlow is doing the same thing that the professors did to her  namely.
He does not agree.
Victoria then sneaks and replaces one of the paintings with the one George painted of her in a bathing suit.
The resulting publicity lands her a starring role.
Embarrassed  George gets an injunction preventing her.
Victoria crashes the stuffy private party being given to promote George.
The injunction only applies.
There  she  a male quartet  and twelve beautiful women  each representing a month  perform a musical number  much.
J.
Manton.
The businessman changes his mind.
George realizes.
Victoria is right.
They kiss and make up.
<EOS>
Mickey falls asleep.
An astral projection leaves his body and wanders through his mirror into an alternate version of his house.
His furniture and possessions have come.
Mickey eats a walnut and shrinks.
He is now tiny and begins to tap dance his way.
The joker  the king of hearts.
Who fights.
Chaos ensues and Mickey escapes.
Eventually he is awakened.
It has all been a dream  and goes back to sleep.
<EOS>
Mondo Video was a spoof.
The logo copies the original Mondo Cane logo.
The film is largely plotless  a series linked together by interstitial pieces featuring Mr Mike discussing.
Upsetting and odd the sequences were.
He introduces some.
Some open.
Sequences include  Aykroyd displaying his webbed toes were not.
He prodded.
A church A French restaurant.
Worships Jack Lord.
Prides itself.
Dream Sequence  a series bracketed by large light-up signs reading Dream Sequence and End Dream Sequence.
Tracked and away from the camera.
One was merely performance footage of Klaus Nomi.
Another featured home movie footage shot with stop-motion animation.
Short films made.
Cleavage  was a closeup of a hand working its way out from between a large pair of breasts  feeling around gently  realizing  and working its way back in.
Where it was.
Crowd Scene Take One.
Uncle Si and the Sirens was an anonymously-directed silent-era nudie-cutie short found.
The presentation  Laserbra.
This piece was the last.
Chronicled the attempts to obtain the classified footage.
The film was in fact someone s home movies  in the second  the violin case contained a violin.
National Lampoon writer Brian McConnachie appears.
<EOS>
Bugs is pursued.
Coyote.
Who fancies himself.
Bugs is able to easily foil Coyote s plans.
Where Bugs acts goony considering Coyote to be his father joyfully greeting him after he comes back.
Bugs thought he had been run over.
Coyote throws him down.
When Bugs greets him.
Bugs starts to cry.
Bugs ducks.
When Coyote charges him and falls.
Bugs again thinks.
Bugs gets away.
He plans to go and tell.
Bugs finally stops his hungry rival.
Coyote tried to use.
A dazed Coyote emerges from the rabbit hole saying.
Do you do.
My name is Mud.
Is there a doctor.
<EOS>
The film begins.
The warhead was secretly.
International pressure has forced North and South Korea to hand over the device and close the facility.
North Korean officer Major Kang  displeased  rebels and steals the warhead with the help of several of his loyal soldiers  even killing some North Korean guards in the process.
The leaders of both sides can not request reinforcements to apprehend the officer  and instead dispatch a South Korean special forces platoon under the leadership of Major Jung-Woo Park.
Who was present.
The platoon intercepts the rebellious Kang and his squad and begin a firefight in the dead of night.
However   a comet travels dangerously close to Earth.
This causes a time rift linking the present in the comet s 433-year cycle of close approaches to the Earth.
Three modern Korean men find themselves time traveling back from 2005 to 1572  and wind up in the middle of a skirmish between Joseon-era Koreans and Jurchen invaders.
A grenade blast routs the Jurchens.
The soldiers immediately wind up.
They also meet.
Who turns out to be none other.
However  this General Yi acts  he is a petty thief and ginseng smuggler.
Nothing illustrate him.
Who just failed his military Gwageo exam  and seeing no sense  has turned to crime in order to survive.
Yi also stole and hid the group s smallarms.
Unfortunately  a little peasant girl caught him burying the weapons and later retrieves one  whereupon sent to look for the Heavenly Soldiers.
She is caught.
Major Park attempts to train Yi.
Nothing better to do other than try to fix history.
He was so known.
Major Kang and his men relentlessly search the area.
Not understanding  Yi is highly resistant.
What this is all about.
He ends up captured.
The North Koreans   stumble and free him  and also find the nuclear warhead in the tent of one of the war leaders.
Who are still looking.
However  Kang is forced to kill the son.
The Jurchens initiate movement into the local Korean village to violently root out the modern Koreans.
The Heavenly Soldiers prepare to leave the past.
It currently stands.
Yi  incensed and determined to seek revenge  returns to the modern Koreans with their weapons and the elders of the girl s village.
Who plead to help them.
The modern Koreans relent.
Yi  beginning to find his legendary tactical competence  successfully argues.
When Majors Park and Kang debate over the strategy that would work best.
That night   the modern Koreans prepare to leave the past.
The comet would unexpectedly perigee later the next day.
Yi protests but is knocked out and carried off.
When Park advises Yi to save his life as well.
Major Kang   goes back  the other modern Koreans stay behind for their own reasons as well.
Who knows he will be hunted down as soon as he returns.
Meanwhile  the stubborn Yi manages to escape his confinement and joins the Heavenly Soldiers and the villagers.
The invaders are defeated.
Only Park and North Korean sergeant Choi survive the engagement.
Dr Kim and the warhead make it back.
Where she reports their experiences.
The men have made to preserve Korea s present and future.
Dr Kim visits a local memorial to the still-venerated Admiral Yi.
The scene switches.
Where Yi and only 13 Korean ships successfully destroyed an over 300-strong Japanese armada.
Yi makes a rousing speech to his men and then gives the order to charge into battle  with Park and Choi by his side as his staff officers.
<EOS>
M.
Stupendous is interrupted by Daffy asking for an acting position  and quickly responds No.
Stupendous then phones Director von Hamburger and orders him to finish the picture.
He s working.
All the crew rushes to follow Hamburger s order for a.
Who starts smoking a cigarette.
Daffy then swipes and starts smoking the cigarette  spelling out Warner Bros.
Hamburger asks.
The sound is.
Daffy whistles.
He orders the lights turned   causing water to gush out and down on the set.
Daffy has connected the emergency fire hose.
It starts shooting bullets Daffy planted.
When the camera rolls.
Hamburger begins crying.
Daffy sympathetically gives him a gift  promising to stop being screwy  and walks away.
However  Daffy then pops up out  bites Hamburger s nose and starts jumping around.
A typical romantic scene plays out.
Filming begins.
Daffy jumps in and kisses the hen  he is so excited.
When the inevitable kiss comes up.
He does it again.
Hamburger declares the scene ruined and gives orders to cut the scene.
The time being noon  Hamburger asks  turkey with all the trimmings.
However  Daffy is and bites Hamburger s nose beak again  then jumps away.
Then   Daffy begins clipping and pasting together random film clips.
He switches out when Hamburger tells Stupendous that his film is finished.
Hamburger shows the film.
Contains humorous live action clips.
Stupendous approves highly of the film.
Daffy is now the director  uttering the same line asking for turkey at lunchtime as Hamburger  complete with Hamburger s accent and clothing.
Hamburger is now the screwball  hiding  biting Daffy s nose  then jumping away.
Daffy did earlier.
<EOS>
Two brothers camping try to frighten each other by telling stories.
They start.
Then there are two main narrations  one involves strange happenings  the other  a teenage boy with a peculiar interest.
<EOS>
Police Inspector Ghote lives a middle-class life along with his wife  Pratima.
He has been employed.
His wife is generally disgruntled and wants a better life.
He is assigned to investigate the deadly assault.
Who is the Secretary.
Inspector Ghote commences his investigation and is displeased.
When his superiors ask him to work by the name of Axel Svennson.
Axel is thrilled to get a closer look  but also realizes.
Ghote may not be one.
He gets invited  and gets to meet Pratima.
When their friendship develops.
Their investigation   takes them.
Prima Facie simple enough.
Both had not expected.
<EOS>
C-3PO and R2-D2 travel to Biitu and confront an evil Abominor named The Great Heep.
Built from the remains of other droids.
<EOS>
Michael Finnegan  a past-his-prime journalist  has been relegated.
He and his wife live  his wife  still despondent over losing their young son  lives in a fantasy world.
Finnegan retains his optimism  he knows human beings begin again  and again.
He gets his own chance to begin again.
When   he meets Liz DeHaan  an art teacher who is having an affair with a married man.
<EOS>
This is not a direct adaptation.
A postmodern gothic reinvention set.
It recasts the doctor as a tragic hero determined to stop him  the primary action involves two police detectives.
Who enlist the aid.
<EOS>
Delmar Youngblood is a single mother  she dreams of opening.
Her own restaurant called Food  but in reality has a low-paid job as an insurance adjuster.
Her best friend and roommate Hortense believes.
She would be a perfect wife  though he wishes to advance his career before making a commitment.
The two women host regular dinner parties for an assortment of family and friends.
These include Jethro  Delmar s brother   and his best friend Marlon  a freelance writer.
Who is a Mayan anthropology professor.
There is also their pianist mother  Hannibal Youngblood  and her boyfiend  Mr Ringold.
Missy Bainbridge comes to collect the body  and strikes up a relationship.
When a friend unexpectedly dies on one of these gatherings  her estranged daughter.
Jethro and Marlon meet and befriend Moses Grady  a former convict.
Searching. 
Who joins the gang and finds new purpose when he becomes attached.
Things get serious  he wants her to become a surrogate mother.
When Stanley makes Delmar an offer.
Whose wife is unable to conceive.
This arrangement would provide Delmar.
She needs to open her restauarant  make Stanley a partner  and give Hortense the engagement ring she craves.
Delmar accepts  and opens her restaurant.
She decides to keep the baby.
<EOS>
Celeste is an alien sent to Earth  Steven Mills is a widowed scientist.
Who is working to send radio waves into deep space.
An accident causes a loss.
She s sent to investigate.
Who could affect gravity and how it was done.
She s aided.
Which hides to aid Celeste with her encounters on Earth.
The Bag is able to create diamonds and designer dresses almost instantaneously.
Celeste s inexperience leads.
Jessie Mills  Steven s 13 year old daughter  notices Celeste s strange habits.
However  she ca nt convince her smitten father.
There is something unusual.
Celeste encounters a lot.
Eventually  Celeste falls with Steven and likes his daughter.
She attempts to convince her home world.
The attack was actually an accident and that Earth should nt be destroyed.
<EOS>
Marlon Brando and David Niven portray two charming scoundrels.
Who prey.
Niven s plans to oust his competitor backfire.
Masquerading. 
When the brash Brando portrays Niven s dim-witted brother.
Brando s zany antics prevent several women.
Both men compete  agreeing.
When Shirley Jones appears.
Loser leaves town.
They discover her true financial situation.
<EOS>
His wife  the master of the house  is blackmailed by his Cockney maid.
Who demands promotion.
He again attempts murder.
She steadily takes the place.
<EOS>
A filmmaker and his crew spend a weekend making a documentary.
Their film is never completed due in the building.
<EOS>
Nathan Hayes is a religious man trying to hold and keep his family in line.
A real estate developer is trying to buy most in the area  including Mr Hayes family farm  in the hope.
The Tennessee Valley Authority will choose the town.
The night  an unidentified  glowing object crashes on the Hayes farm and with it comes a horrible curse for the Hayes family and the members of the community.
<EOS>
Arthur Bach is still rich and still drinks too much.
He and Linda are now happily married.
The one thing missing is a child.
Seeking revenge  billionaire Bert Johnson  the father.
Whom Arthur jilted.
Susan wants him back and is willing to break up Arthur s marriage.
That s what it takes.
Arthur tries to sober up to rise up and find a job  knowing his financial plight could ruin any chance he.
Linda have.
Linda assures a representative.
Arthur would make a good father.
Arthur plots to get even with the Johnsons and get his money back.
He not only is able to get his money back and adopt a child.
Linda discovers.
She s pregnant.
<EOS>
Andrea Orsini  an artistic minor nobleman  serves the Machiavellian Prince Cesare Borgia as a soldier.
Who is equally skilled.
Pleased  Borgia selects Andrea to accomplish an intrigue  arrange the marriage of his widowed sister  Lucrezia  to Alfonso dEste  the son of the Duke Ercole dEste of Ferrara.
Borgia will remove Ferrara as an impediment to conquest of central Italy.
However  Andrea earns the enmity of Don Esteban  an ambitious captain and rival.
Andrea travels to sell some of his paintings to raise money for expenses.
He meets.
The lovely Camilla di la Baglione  young wife  gallantly gives her a painting he was haggling to sell for 100 ducats.
An assassin attempts to kill Andrea.
He thwarts the attack and spares the assassin to learn  the Duke Ercole dEste.
Who hired him.
He hires the assassin  Mario Belli.
Resuming the mission  Andrea stops to visit the farm.
She is actually his mother.
He is.
He pretends to be.
The reunion is a rocky one.
The mother does not approve.
Belli spies through a window.
Andrea continues.
Where he succeeds.
Andrea s next mission  again chosen  is as ambassador to Citta del Monte  with orders to help Borgia conquer the mountaintop city by spring  using a romantic conquest of Camilla to facilitate a correct elimination of the elderly count.
Borgia secretly hires Belli to spy and report.
His loyalty wavers.
Andrea learns.
When the old count has a problem to solve  he climbs.
Belli is delighted.
It would make it easy to kill the count.
Andrea is moved.
Camilla   grows to admire his artistic soul.
He paints her portrait.
The count defies him.
When Borgia   orders the count to allow passage of his army and to supply troops for it.
Andrea changes sides to join his cause.
Belli  a self-professed born traitor  gives notice and returns to Borgia.
The count reveals.
He married Camilla only to protect her after her father died  and has treated her.
He is mortally wounded.
Andrea takes up the defense.
The city is at its last extremity.
Don Esteban offers Camilla terms.
Are generous  but would require her to surrender Andrea to Borgia.
She rejects the terms.
Andrea gives himself up.
Who has begged him to spare Andrea s life.
He brings Andrea s mother to confirm it.
Borgia orders his death  now a lieutenant in Borgia s service  protests and demands to gouge out Andrea s eyes in front of everyone and make him a blind beggar.
However Belli has secretly remained loyal and fakes the disfigurement.
Mother Zoppo takes her son home.
Retake their city.
Borgia moves on  Andrea and Belli plot to free the imprisoned Camilla and help the people.
Belli aids Andrea.
The signal is given.
They can make their escape.
Andrea kills Don Esteban  but is about to be killed by another officer after Andrea stumbles over Esteban s corpse.
However the officer  weary  recognizes and spares him.
The uprising sparks widespread resistance.
Andrea and Camilla are married.
<EOS>
Luis is reuinted with his estranged daughter  Elisa after a 20-year separation.
Luis writes.
What appears to be both an autobiography and a novel.
The book is played out.
When Luis walked out and is mixed with fantasies about Elisa s adult life as well as her failed marriage.
<EOS>
The plot is a lift.
The plot has been indianized to make it relevant.
Everything else is similar except for the motive of the killings.
There is no role.
The story begins.
Who comes to the city for an interview.
He manages to find place to stay.
Who is actually a defaulter.
He is absconding but then leaves his key.
Kunjidhapadam takes the key and stays.
He also manages to get a job.
There is Angel.
Who grows and works with a mineral water company.
She does nt have a place to stay and gets going.
She locates those houses and stays there for a night.
One such instance gets her.
All this apart  there are two dons Pavadai and Vembuli.
Who are out to kill each other.
Vembuli is successful.
So he vows to kill Vembuli s son.
A twist occurs.
Pavadai s goons mistake Kunjidhapadam to be Subrahmanyam and get him to take money.
Kunjidhapadam gives an idea to kill Vembuli s son.
He is given a 16 day deadline to kill.
Else Pavadai threatens to kill him Vembuli come s to know and tries to kill Kunjidhapadam.
But he comes alive.
Kunjidhapadam again meets Angel and tries to get money from her to give it back to Pavadai.
His distant relative Subramanyam has to give.
Pavadai realizes and confirms.
Kunjidhapadam has to kill Vembulies son.
He back.
He mets the opposite gangsters and tries to escape.
The gangsters get his files.
Contain his degree certificate.
He meets Angel and returnes her money.
Pavadai returned.
He meets Angel and both plan to stay.
Both follows a men working under Vembulie and went inside a restaurent.
Where he managed to get information.
And he is.
He tries to stop the bus and wants to talk with Vembulie s son.
He tells.
All things happened and ask him to give him a job with security from Pavadai.
But they plays a life game and ordered not to face again or else he will be killed.
Both went to stay at night and in morning.
They managed to escape.
A police tries to escape them.
He brings both.
Mistakenly he makes them to get married.
And brought them.
It is 100th marriage done.
First night has been arranged.
Both Angel and Kunjidhapadam becomes closer and get good affectionate.
Both caught.
Next day he tries to see Vembulie s son.
Who is.
Some were playing in beach.
They throws him.
He manages to swim and reaches the boat and asks.
They all played and tornes all his cerfificate.
One asks him to send his Angel to him for prostitution.
Now Kunjidhapadam got angry and kills all and kills Vembulie s son too and brings the body in a small boat to beach all the mens in the gang.
Where all gangsters were playing and kills.
He brings the body to Vembulie s house and kidnapps Vembuli as well as Pavadai.
And keeps both tied and murders all.
And again joins and starts back to Hydrabad.
The film ends.
With got good job  they became parent.
<EOS>
Ho-Kam Ang  a weak  disadvantaged but kind lunch delivery boy  happens to fall with Lily  the girl of his dreams from a local sports center.
However  his dream is crushed.
When bullying Judo master Black Bear  who also admires Lily  intervenes.
That night   Lily tells Ang.
She dislikes weak and pathetic men.
Ang seeks shelter at a convenience shop owned by Tat  an eccentric handicap.
Tat promises to teach Ang kung fu to cure him  in exchange for money.
However  Tat  a self-professed Sanshou master  is merely a swindler taking advantage  and teaches Ang useless  fantasy kung fu techniques.
But  Ang is intent on being a full-time student.
He tells Tat.
When Ang loses his job and runs out.
He will follow him.
Tat attempts to rid by persuading him to use a false technique called The Invincible Wind and Fire Spin  a move.
Would almost certainly kill or at least seriously injure anyone.
Involves holding and rolling down a huge flight of stairs  using the enemy to soften all the blows of the stairs.
Ang is considering implementing the move  but decides.
However  he becomes reassured.
When he witnesses Tat himself falling down the stairs and surviving it  though that was an accident.
Emboldened  Ang thanks Tat and leaves.
Determined to change Lily s views  Ang approaches.
And Black Bear while they are arguing  wearing a Garfield mask a ` la superhero.
Ang manages to defeat Black Bear by utilizing the Spin.
The next day  Ang tries to tell Lily.
It was he who saved her.
Lily meets up.
He can.
Who looks down.
To win Lily s heart  Lau lies.
He is the Garfield warrior who saved her.
Infuriated  Ang plans.
Tat is just a junkie and a liar.
However   Ang and Tat secretly watch Lau  a Taekwondo master  a boxer  a Kenjutsu practitioner  Black Bear  and a principal managing the fitness center.
Arriving with a letter of challenge.
He wants karate.
Lau is now.
Enraged  the four other elite martial artists attack him.
Lau defeats them.
Frightened  Ang is about to cancel the challenge.
Lau manages to get the letter and read it.
Amused  he accepts.
The principal insists.
But Lau reveals a startling revelation  Tat is and has defeated many in tournaments.
However  Lau s master broke his leg at Japan.
Tat has been living ever since.
To redeem himself  Tat promises to prepare Ang against Lau  but only after receiving one month s training.
Also  Lau personally seeks to kill Ang  so.
Ang can survive all three rounds.
An agreement is made.
The upcoming match receives much publicity and reporters follow Ang and Tat  wanting to see.
A delivery boy be converted.
But   Ang and Tat are only seen partying and eating.
Tat replies.
When asked.
This is their training  unnerving some  even Lau.
A month passes.
The match arrives.
Lily rushes to cancel it  worrying for Ang s life.
However  she and her friends are stranded.
Ang is voted the odds-on favorite to win by the judges because of his lack of fear.
Ironically increases Lau s own trepidation.
Lau rushes in to attack  but stops.
The match commences.
When Ang simply turns around and keeps still.
This is in fact Tat s strategy  to confuse Lau.
Tat instructs Ang to wear down Lau with submissions and sucker punches  all the while  Tat deliberately distracts Lau by juggling and things in the air.
A commercial break ends round two.
Frustrated  Lau tries to end the match once and.
But Ang surprisingly grapples and locks him.
Tat tells Ang  he must execute the Golden Snake Restraint defensive technique  hence the grapples and locks.
To prevent himself.
Will prevent Lau.
Visibly irate  Lau unsuccessfully tries to throw Ang off.
Finally  round three ends.
Lau is announced the winner.
Ang wins the bet since he survives the match.
Incensed  Lau starts ravaging the place  beating up even the referee and judges.
To stop Lau  Ang decides to use the Invincible Wind and Fire Spin  using an immense lottery wheel as help.
The two spin wildly.
It explodes.
Out emerges Ang  exhausted but victorious.
Lau collapses.
Lily  realizing Ang is the Garfield warrior  rushes over to kiss him.
Tat reintroduces Sanshou.
<EOS>
Woody arrives.
Finding the shop s proprietor out  Woody attempts to cut his own hair and those of other customers.
The primary customer is a burly Italian construction worker.
Who asks.
He proceeds to lather his client s face  chin  mouth  and boots.
Woody blow-torches the man s construction helmet.
Woody then produces a sharp razor and begins shaving the man.
Woody elevates the barber s chair  allowing the man to fall to the ground and destroy the chair.
Woody then begins liberally swinging the razor.
Who runs to escape him.
A chase ensues.
Woody doubles the tempo  until the woodpecker corners the man in the barber s chair and proceeds to give him a shave and haircut at manic speed.
The construction worker is dusted off and sent out the door.
The angry client enacts a quick bit.
The man picks Woody up and slings him and back inside the shop  falling from a broken shelf.
Where the woodpecker lands and is bopped.
The barber s pole falls on Woody.
Whose head is seen caught.
<EOS>
An aristocrat marries a singer  but then tries to murder her.
When he falls with another woman.
<EOS>
The film is based.
Aniruddha and Usha  the daughter fall in love with one another.
Bakasura does not assent.
Aniruddha is saved.
Who defeats Bakasura and liberates Aniruddha.
Bakasura  eventually  patches up and conducts their marriage.
<EOS>
Young horse trainer Sally befriends Sonny and Peter.
Who have been hired to look her family once owned.
Concerned  she sneaks aboard a train taking the horse and its caretakers to New York City.
En route she meets talent agent Steve Raleigh  sets her.
Who  impressed.
A subplot involves a boarding house.
Who is trying to find a big break.
<EOS>
Annapoorna lives  and struggles to get by  trying to earn a living from the teashop near a railway station once owned by her now deceased husband.
Her son Kannan does.
He fails his exams.
His mother sends him  hoping.
He will find employment.
This seems to be the family s only hope  however this option is expensive.
Eventually Kannan is admitted.
Annapoorna pays a hefty sum to a man associated with the camp.
Later  Kannan is killed.
His bereaved mother brings his body back home.
Annapoorna s daughter waits anxiously.
<EOS>
Middle school student Roy A.
Eberhardt has just moved from Montana.
He is mercilessly teased and bullied.
He is exasperated  but then makes the acquaintance  and her stepbrother  Mullet Fingers.
Meanwhile  the corrupt and ruthless CEO is attempting to construct a new pancake house on a nearby vacant lot.
There is a problem however  a group live on the site.
They will be killed.
Their habitat is bulldozed.
The trio embark.
Fingers continually sabotages construction efforts.
Roy is drawn.
Meanwhile  Delinko  an incompetent police officer  is assigned to find out.
Who is vandalizing the site.
Leroy ` Curly  Branitt  an inept construction foreman  is trying to keep the construction schedule going.
The trio reveals to Delinko and the rest of the town.
There are burrowing owls.
They then manage to get everyone to be quiet long enough to emerge.
The CEO is subsequently arrested.
The construction site eventually becomes an owl preserve.
Roy s parents decide to stay in Florida  Delinko finally gets to be a detective  Dana goes to military camp  Chuck Muckle does community service.
Finally  Mullet Fingers and Roy pass a sign.
Says The Dunes  Condominium development.
300 Luxury units coming soon.
<EOS>
Sailing around the Mediterranean Sea.
This ship was wrecked.
<EOS>
Damayanthi Kariyawasam is a mischievous school girl.
Sugath Weerasekara is a shy and introverted boy.
Who is new.
He is quiet and gifted.
Dhammi is immediately attracted.
They become friends.
The friendship eventually develops.
Sugath   has a brother.
Who has lost his parents when he was very young.
Who is attending university.
He tells his brother  Sarath.
Dhammi tells Sugath.
Not to keep any further hopes.
Sugath is heartbroken and comes home to meet Sarath.
He passes his exams with flying colors and Sarath marries Champa.
Who is willing to accept Sugath.
But Sugath is unable to forget Dhammi  and keeps thinking and begins to drink heavily to alleviate his pain.
He also loses his job and leaves the home.
He shares.
One day  Dhammi comes to meet Sugath and reveals the secret.
She states.
Her family arranged her marriage when Dhammi was very young.
She tells Sugath.
She loved him.
She begs for playing with his feelings and asks him to change for her sake  and to return home.
<EOS>
English antiques dealer Maurice Lawes is a witness to the night-time murder of a gendarme.
The killer spots Lawes  and realises.
He has been seen.
The following evening  Lawes  daughter Janice finds her father also murdered.
An investigation is launched.
The initial assumption - - soon comes.
Lawes was murdered.
Several other individuals connected are revealed to have plausible motives for the murder.
Lawes  son Toby is found to have been embezzling funds  Toby s fiancee Eve  living directly opposite the murder scene  is investigated and found to have in her possession bloodstained clothing.
She can not satisfactorily explain away.
Eve s ex-husband Ned turns out to have a particular interest  and may have killed Lawes.
Is discovered to be missing.
When disturbed.
Eve comes.
It is considered she could have been an accomplice.
It falls to Kinross to unravel the actual chain and arrive at the correct solution.
<EOS>
Young Wokulski is forced to work as a waiter at Hopfer s  a Warsaw restaurant.
Dreaming. 
He is sentenced to exile in Siberia.
He becomes a salesman at Mincel s haberdashery.
Marrying the late owner s widow  he comes and uses it to set up a partnership with a Russian merchant.
He had met while.
The two merchants go during the Russo-Turkish War of.
Wokulski makes a fortune supplying the Russian Army.
The enterprising Wokulski now proves a romantic daughter of the vacuous  bankrupt aristocrat  Tomasz ecki.
Wokulski begins frequenting theatres and aristocratic salons.
To help her financially distressed father  founds a company and sets the aristocrats up.
The indolence   are too lazy to undertake new business risks  frustrates Wokulski.
Who secure.
His ability to make money is respected.
His lack is condescended to.
The girl becomes aware of his affection.
She consents to accept him  but without true devotion or love.
<EOS>
The threesome are Aravindan  Chandu and Joy.
Who lend reason.
They value friendship.
Chandru resists the advances of Aravindan s sister Uma.
Aravindan falls with Padmini.
When the trio take up a painter s job.
Who lives there.
Padmini s jealous cousin makes.
Him believe that his overtures are reciprocated.
Padmini rejects him outright  Chandu stands up and speaks ill of her.
This makes.
Her swear to separate the friends.
Aravindan realises the hand of Abhinaya behind all the mishaps.
Padmini too realises.
Chandu is innocent.
Then the marriage is arranged.
This is not liked.
Who leads.
Subsequetly frienship is paralysed.
Years later  Chandru is brought to Aravindan  and amidst all the accusations  an emotionally overwhelmed.
Chandru hears.
Aravindan shows the first sign since his accident.
<EOS>
A pirate ship  fighting on the side of the Spanish Armada  suffers extensive damage and must put into a village on the British coast for repairs.
The village is small and isolated.
The Spanish convince the villagers.
The English fleet has been defeated and that they  the Spanish  are now their masters.
This results.
Rumors and unrest begin to spread and soon the Spanish pirates find themselves facing a revolt.
<EOS>
Ambitious  callous  narcissistic  and  Henry Turner is a highly successful Manhattan attorney.
Whose obsession leaves him little time for his prim socialite wife Sarah and troubled preteen daughter Rachel.
He has just won a malpractice suit.
Which he defended a hospital  that he warned the hospital of a problem.
Running out to buy cigarettes one night  he is shot.
When he interrupts a convenience store robbery.
One bullet hits his right frontal lobe    causing excessive internal bleeding and cardiac arrest.
Controls some behavior and restraint.
The other pierces his chest and hits his left subclavian vein.
He experiences anoxia  a lack  resulting in brain damage.
Henry survives  but initially he can neither move nor talk.
He suffers retrograde amnesia.
He regains movement and speech.
The almost childlike Henry is impressed by the surroundings.
He once barely noticed.
He slowly realizes.
He forges a new relationship.
He does not like the person he was.
His firm allows him to return to work out to the firm s success.
Henry finds it difficult to remain a lawyer.
His firm takes away his old assignments and large office and essentially assigns him.
The family decides to relocate.
He resigns.
He finds letters.
He had  becomes angry and upset  and leaves home.
He is confronted.
Who reveals that they were also having an affair and that he had said he would leave Sarah.
Henry  realizing  returns and is reconciled.
Everything had been wrong before.
Also  he gives.
Documents was in the right.
He also goes to take Rachel out.
Where she is unhappy.
<EOS>
The film is.
Who hitched a ride and begins to explore the city.
Otto is discovered.
Who begins to make a documentary with the support of her girlfriend  Hella Bent  and her brother Adolf.
Medea is trying to finish Up.
She has been working on and convinces its star  Fritz Fritze  to allow the vulnerable Otto to stay.
Otto discovers.
He has a wallet that contains information.
He arranges to meet him.
Where they met.
<EOS>
Main Aur Mera Haathi is an action family drama.
Where Mithun and Poonam Dhillon playing the lead role  supported.
<EOS>
Charley Varrick is a crop-duster and former stunt pilot.
The aging trailer-park dweller has clearly not been too successful.
Together  a heavily disguised Varrick robs a small bank in Tres Cruces  New Mexico.
Two policemen and the fourth robber are killed.
Nadine is mortally wounded.
Varrick and Sullivan find themselves.
They expected.
The bank manager  timid Harold Young  reports only $ 2000 stolen.
Realizing  Varrick and Sullivan find themselves not only with the police but with several shady characters  in particular mob money man.
They have stolen the proceeds.
Maynard Boyle and an amoral hired killer called Molly.
Also being threatened.
Who wants to spend the money immediately.
The heat is off.
Sullivan can do the same.
He makes a plan to flee the country and puts with Jewell Everett  a pretty photographer.
She promptly betrays Varrick and puts Molly.
The sadistic Molly catches up  brutally beating and killing him.
Attempting to determine Varrick s whereabouts.
Boyle  meanwhile  terrifies the mousy bank manager Young.
The mob will suspect the robbery to be an inside job.
One.
Boyle suggests.
Young involves a pair.
Young commits suicide.
Rather than submit.
Varrick flies his plane.
Where he surprises and seduces Boyle s secretary  Sybil Fort  who urges Varrick not to trust her boss.
Nonetheless  Varrick sets up a meeting in a remote automobile wrecking yard back in New Mexico  arriving for it in his crop duster.
He greets Boyle so warmly.
Molly becomes convinced the men must be partners.
Molly angrily runs down Boyle.
Molly then proceeds to stalk Varrick.
Who tries to escape.
Molly damages the crop-duster s tail.
It can take off.
Varrick s crippled plane flips over.
Flat  Varrick can do nothing to save himself.
Tell Molly where the money is hidden.
Varrick has actually set a booby trap for Molly  flipping the plane on purpose  a trick.
He learned back.
Molly goes to retrieve the hidden money and is blown up.
Are a number of hundred-dollar bills and Sullivan s body  to be mistaken for that of Varrick.
Who had earlier switched dental records.
Varrick scoops up the remaining money and makes his getaway.
<EOS>
Narrated  leader of the elite espionage and assassination division known as the Turks  Last Order switches between the Nibelheim incident and Zack Fair s escape to Midgar with his unconscious friend  Cloud Strife.
Sephiroth  insane after discovering his origins  sets fire to the village of Nibelheim.
He proceeds to the Nibelheim reactor.
Where Jenova has been encased.
Tifa  a resident  attacks him.
After he arrives.
Sephiroth knocks her aside and continues.
Zack follows Sephiroth.
They engage  but Sephiroth is able to disarm and incapacitate him.
Sephiroth returns  but does not notice Cloud approaching.
Cloud is impaled and hung over the reactor core  a scene also explored in other Final Fantasy VII series  titles.
Doctor  I ll say it again  he s got Mako poisoning.
I ve never seen a case this bad  An immense amount was put into his brain all at once  rendering him in an unconscious  non-reactant state.
Zack escapes with the intention of returning to Midgar  the headquarters of Shinra.
However  Shinra orders their paramilitary and the Turks to find and eliminate the two escapees.
Tseng decides to capture them alive.
Who had hitched a ride.
One takes aim.
Zack jumps.
<EOS>
Tora-san discovers.
His family is arranging a marriage.
He leaves.
Where he falls with the manager of an inn.
Unaware  Tora-san confesses his love.
She is involved.
<EOS>
Teenage Billie endures a miserable existence.
She is cruelly punished every day  both physically and emotionally.
Family Demons - Movies - Citysearch  she is not allowed to get a job.
She has never been.
She is not permitted to leave the house  ever.
Billie s bizarre upbringing has resulted in her becoming a virtual prisoner in her own home.
No friends  no outside contacts  just her drunken mother.
A starving Billie sneaks out of the house in search of food.
There are no groceries.
Billie finds her way and buys food.
She is attacked by a gang of thugs.
Family Demons - Film -  Australian FIlm Awards Seeing Billie outnumbered.
The next-door neighbor Sean tries to protect her.
She makes her escape and Billie runs home.
Unfortunately  her mother catches her coming.
She is chained.
IFM World Releasing Inc Hearing Billie s cries  Sean breaks into the house and frees her.
The two have a day of fun together.
Her mother discovers this and gets angry.
A violent struggle ensues.
Billie s repressed anger is unleashed.
She pushes her mother  knocking her head on the corner of the table.
Family Demons - Sean arrives and helps Billie bring her mother to the hospital.
Sean offers to take her away.
Her mother suddenly appears and attacks her.
She waits.
Billie runs and eventually kills her  burying the body in the backyard.
Family Demons Sean still has nt arrived.
The phone rings.
The doctor informs Billie.
Her mother has passed away.
Frightened  she runs.
It s Sean  she cries.
Billie is next shown giving birth  alone.
Time skips later  Billie s daughter  chained up  watches.
She was.
Billie pours herself a drink and stares drunkenly  like her mother did.
<EOS>
The evil alien Ro-Man Extension XJ-2 has destroyed all human life  except for eight humans  using the Calcinator Death Ray.
The survivors include an elderly scientist  his wife  two daughters and son  his young assistant and two pilots taking a spacecraft.
All eight have developed an immunity since receiving an experimental antibiotic serum developed by the scientist.
Ro-Man must complete the destruction.
If it means physically killing them one.
His mission to subjugate the Earth is complete.
He destroys the rocket ship headed for the orbiting platform with a laser.
He later strangles the youngest daughter  Carla  off-screen and tosses the assistant scientist Roy.
His mission is waylaid  though.
He develops illogical attraction.
He refuses to eliminate her  forcing the alien leader  The Great Guidance  to personally finish the genocide.
He kills Johnny  the young son.
He then releases prehistoric dinosaurs and a massive earthquake  rendering the scientist  his wife and Alice.
The only humans left.
Ultimately the youngest family member  the son  wakes up.
The film had presumably all been a dream.
However  The Great Guidance is then seen coming out.
<EOS>
Fatty plays a somewhat lazy young man.
Who disrupts his mother s life.
He has two loves.
He is able to save Luke from the dog catchers and express his love for Lizzie through a hole in the fence.
Fatty  Lizzie  mom and Luke go to the amusement park.
Where Fatty is first outwitted but then retrieves his losses by pointing a fake gun at them.
To extract revenge  they kidnap Lizzie  and take her to an abandoned shack  with a gun attached to a timer pointed at her head.
Where they tie her.
Plucky pup Luke follows the crooks  and is able to warn Fatty to perform the last-minute rescue  with the help of the Keystone Cops.
Fatty  Lizzie and Luke embrace in a joint kiss.
<EOS>
Nakshathrakkannulla Rajakumaran Avanundoru Rajakumari revolves.
Claims that they are the descendants.
Bhageerathi Amma has two sons  Veerabhadra Kurup and Kochchukurup  and a daughter Subhadra.
Who constantly feud.
The elder Kurup s daughter Aswathy is.
Their parents object.
They are encouraged.
They hope.
Aswathy s brother Karthik will come.
But he turns.
Suddenly  Raziya Begum turns up  claiming to be Karthik s lover.
Ananthu and his gang use this opportunity to fix Karthik.
Kochukurup gives them a lot.
The couple are united.
<EOS>
Comanche Indians have trapped the evil in a monster made up of a mixture of other animals.
The Comanche have placed a protective spear.
A young boy pulls the spear.
Pocketing a rabbit foot talisman.
He starts to play.
A Comanche catches the boy  and startled  he runs away.
The Native American places the spear back  realizing too late.
The rabbits foot is now gone.
White men come and start drilling for oil.
Skip  a divorced father  Mance Cashen  moves to the area with his new wife  baby  and his son from his first marriage  Willy.
Who is visiting.
Willy notices something peculiar and tries to warn his father and.
They do not believe him.
Willy is attacked while.
The creature grabs his foot.
Willy struggles  eventually getting away.
He eventually befriends the local drunk  T.
C.
Van Houten.
A nice old man.
Who knows something well and was in a situation similar to Willy s.
A Comanche Indian  Chief Sam John  comes to warn Mance of the evil and the need to keep it contained.
Sam John informs Mance.
The evil was originally intended to stop the white man.
It is indiscriminate.
Whom it kills instead.
Mance will have none.
Willy eventually takes a spear.
He finds to Sam John and tries to find out what is going on.
Sam John convinces Willy to promise to stay out and come get him.
Anything happens.
Willy   has plans of his own and sets booby traps in the basement.
He plans to trap it.
He can prove he is nt lying.
The creature gives him a scare.
He lays the traps.
Willy runs away.
T.
C.
Dies. 
Willy decides to be more bold and makes another trip.
Order to stop the monster.
This time armed.
The monster interrupts him.
Willy must run away again.
Willy takes his Mance s ex-boss s son  Tommy Boatwright.
Order to set up bait.
Tommy falls in.
The monster eats him.
The police suspect foul play on account of him being fired.
Mance locks Willy was telling the truth.
Willy electrocutes the monster  saving his dad.
But the monster is only stunned.
Mance disappears and Willy  his step-mom  and the baby escape.
Willy grabs some dynamite and rigs it up.
Mance escapes to the water hole.
Mance and Willy blow the monster up together.
Escaping. 
<EOS>
Venu is a high profile news cameraman working.
He graduated but preferred to shoot news rather than the manipulated visuals for movies.
He is mostly based but has come to Kochi to appear for a case.
Which he happened to involve.
He is assigned to cover a sex scandal.
Where he gets.
Renuka is the executive editor.
Venu and Renuka have a story to tell.
We go.
Two lovers turned.
Involves misunderstandings.
Rishikesh is another channel head.
Who is going  as some of his star performers have gone in search of greener pastures.
Venu and Renuka come together to investigate a particular story.
Who had lost his fame and name.
Form the crux.
How Bharathan Pillai uses a decoy to trap Venu and Renuka and how they find a way to escape.
<EOS>
Antonio Badalamenti  a Sicilian  takes a vacation  leaving behind the modern conveniences of his home in northern Italy  to visit his ancestral home in Sicily and introduce his blond  northern Italian wife  Marta  to his mother  father and other relatives back home.
Who has been settled and is employed in a car factory in Milan.
Antonio becomes reacquainted.
His wife suffers and has trouble adapting to the culture of Sicily.
He also pays a visit.
Who is a crime boss.
The don smooths.
Antonio had to buy some property on the island.
Antonio is tasked with carrying out a hit for the mob.
A crack shot  Antonio is seen.
Antonio leaves.
His wife is sleeping one night.
What is purportedly a hunting trip.
He is put inside a wooden crate and smuggled aboard an airplane into the United States.
Where he goes to carry out his task.
The job done  he is returned in the same manner and arrives back at home.
If he s just finished the hunting trip.
<EOS>
Dr Kaff  an evil scientist bent  creates an army of giant robots to kidnap world-class athletes and conquer the world.
To fight off this attack  Dr Kim creates Robot Taekwon V.
Kim Hoon  the taekwon-do champion eldest son either mechanically or through his physical power by merging his taekwon-do movements with the robot.
Comic relief is provided.
He has fashioned himself by cutting eyeholes in a tea kettle and wearing it on his head.
Kim Hoon s girlfriend  Yoon Yeong-hee  is a pilot and taekwon-do practitioner.
She can also operate Robot Taekwon V  and pilots Kim Hoon in and out of the robot.
<EOS>
Dr Scholz is a chemist working for IG Farben.
His corporate superiors support Adolf Hitler  and subsequently  the whole of Europe.
He develops new types and a gas which he believes to be a pesticide.
Director General Mauch and his fellow managers   are cleverly using the Second World War to earn a fortune.
Who jokingly call themselves ` the council.
Scholz  fearing to lose his position  turns a blind eye.
As he realizes what the gas he developed is used.
American bombers do not destroy IG Farben plants.
They are pressured in the United States to leave its infrastructure intact.
The Americans acquit most from charges of crimes against humanity and secretly use their experience to produce chemical weapons.
The war ends.
Would be deployed.
Scholz - - can not remain silent.
An explosion kills hundreds.
Who is now a communist.
He publicizes the truth  warning.
They plan yet another to make more money.
An immense demonstration takes place.
The American general supervising the managers proposes to disperse them.
Mauch refuses  fearing the crowd s reaction.
The demonstration turns.
<EOS>
The movie follows a group.
Who arrive and crash a wedding party in the evening.
That night they go out.
One hooks up with a girl.
They both head.
Where they engage at the bottom of an empty swimming pool.
The following day  the four friends rob a bank.
The getaway is complicated.
When a policeman spots them as they leave.
They are forced to leave the car and split up  Ramiro and Cucurucho remain together and dash down the railroad tracks  they eventually get.
Where they hide.
They split up  Ramiro stashes himself.
Drives off  whereas Cucurucho hides  attacking a group of nuns at gunpoint  and  later on  a blind woman s house.
The driver is pursued.
Who torches the shed he hides in.
He is shot  he kills the boy.
He escapes.
Wounds him.
Wading down the river  he manages to get.
Where she bandages him.
Just then a policeman storms in.
He is shot and killed.
They re behind.
The fourth member has a friendly encounter.
Who helps him.
He is killed.
Various characters falsely attribute other crimes to the robbers as means of using them as scapegoats.
A man asphyxiates his wife and claims  a woman likewise accuses one of them of rape.
The robbers did it.
Ramiro has a brief sexual encounter.
Cucurucho escapes the blind woman s house and reunites.
He steals the very truck in which he was hiding.
They have seemingly escaped.
When they re suddenly forced to stop  and are cornered by various arriving truckloads of angry villagers.
The camera freezes.
They are stoned.
A text then appears  telling.
The following day everything had reverted back to normal  and that nobody ever knew what happened to the money.
<EOS>
16-year old Guillermo does not exactly hide his sexual orientation.
Though his parents disapprove.
He also seduces his English language tutor.
Who introduces him  and moves on to frequently cruise the toilets of the local mall for gay sex  getting caught once by mall security guards.
His parents learn of his activities  and take him to a mental health therapist  and in no need of conversion therapy but recommends further sessions for his parents to help them accept their son s sexual identity.
Who pronounces Guillermo to be mentally healthy.
This short film was shown.
It is included.
<EOS>
A Los Angeles Police Officer investigates the death.
He enlists the help.
Who lost his hand before.
<EOS>
The Yokoyama family come together every year to commemorate the death.
Who drowned accidentally.
His father Kyohei  a retired doctor  and mother Toshiko are joined.
Who has recently married a widow  and their daughter Chinami  her husband and their children.
The family share nostalgia  humour  sadness and tension are shared.
Ceremonies performed.
<EOS>
Jacob and Anna are college students.
Who become a couple.
Anna is a British exchange student.
Who  having fallen with Jacob  a design student  spends the summer with him  overstaying her student visa after it had expired on graduation.
She returns home.
She is detained  denied entry  turned away  and sent back by Los Angeles airport immigration officials  throwing the couple into an awkward and strained long-distance relationship.
When she flies back.
Anna is banned.
The deep love is strained by the distance and frustration of not being able to see each other except.
When Jacob can make the time away to visit Anna in England.
Anna s family hires an immigration lawyer to try to get the ban lifted and allow Anna to return to Jacob in the United States.
Anna s father suggests.
Marrying may help to get the ban lifted.
He begins a relationship with someone else  a work colleague.
Anna continues to struggle for Jacob and eventually phones him up suggesting.
They should marry.
No other relationships that they experience are.
Jacob returns and marries Anna in a small court ceremony with her parents as witness.
They are told to wait 6 months.
Jacob returns after these 6 months for the appeal.
Is again unsuccessful.
The relationship is compromised.
They again begin relationships.
Anna and Jacob still feel a profound connection.
Anna gets promoted to a position.
She is really happy about.
Anna s boyfriend proposes to her.
Anna finds out from her lawyer.
Her ban has finally been lifted.
She gives up her job  her current boyfriend and her apartment.
She returns to Jacob.
Jacob greets Anna have the reconciliation.
They did nt have after Anna was first banned.
It seems the passion you see earlier in their relationship.
Reunited and  Anna and Jacob are shown to be starting a life together.
The film closes in the shower reminiscing their initial courtship.
They appear somewhat strained.
Because their journey together has had many ups and downs.
The movie ends.
The future and Anna s relationship is unclear.
<EOS>
A group seek refuge in a cloistered convent.
The sisters reluctantly aid the ailing men  but not.
A day offers an image of a big tent Italy.
Which the differences that had earlier cleaved society   are temporarily tabled for the higher cause of national unity.
<EOS>
Inspired  the story opens with a down-on-his luck novice blacksmith name Kai.
Whose girlfriend  Ronja  leaves him.
Ronja tries to dispose.
What appears to be an urn.
The ashes are his burned  used by blacksmiths to prevent rust.
This sets off a mythical series.
Holds Ronja back.
The ashes open a mythical chest.
Causes Kai to remember a past life where he was a half-Chinese half-Finnish warrior named Sintai  fated to battle a demon  threatening to enslave all of humankind.
Sintai is fated to be rewarded upon dying in that lifetime.
He killed the demon.
Sintai is abetted -- and then ultimately disheartened.
Who has captured his heart.
Pin Yu unexpectedly finds her lost lover  Cho.
Who is Sintai s friend.
Sintai uses a magical chest to imprison the demon and escape Nirvana.
He then commits suicide to be reborn.
Who is being instructed to build the Sampo  an item that will open the gates to hell.
Kai s remembering and the sampo building are transposed.
Finally  Kai realizes  he decides to fulfill his original quest and kill the demon.
What he has done and knows his complete past life and.
<EOS>
`` black night  hooded figures dressed with black mantles walk in deep silence  only broken by the noise of a rattle and by the canticles of a young Veronique rising in her hands a sheet with the bloody face of Christ stamped on it.
She sings a song in an understandable language  telling an old story.
The chorus answers to her complaints  echoed by a music band.
Now under a burning sun  other figures appear  bent on the earth  other voices  other sweaty faces.
The portrait is drawn  the true story is told.
The rattling and the Veronica s song sounds again.
And the procession proceeds.
Which   the coffin cover falls over the body of Christ.
The story is and wandering.
Is told.
The motive is the same.
When people talk with a slice of cheese.
We can see.
Something happened.
Now we can see.
That  extinguished all hopes  the Alentejo  a singular and attaching land  still had a memory  was still alive.
The actors tell.
What happened.
The main character is Man.
<EOS>
Tom and Jerry are the owners.
Where they perform their duties to the music.
The food ca nt resist dancing.
Eventually a quartet sends the car rolling onto an active track.
Where it hits a real locomotive.
<EOS>
Shailu is a harried  ill-tempered businesswoman living  trying to care for her mother and young nephew and manage her bills.
KK   helps her find a new perspective.
Who opens a shop across the street from hers.
Shailu falls with KK.
Learns. 
When she declares her feelings.
He already has a wife  Vidya.
The film relates the romance of KK and Vidya.
KK was himself an abrasive businessman.
When he sought a mate.
Instead  he winds up courting and marrying Vidya  an employee.
KK s dilemma is simplified.
One is dying from chronic leukemia.
<EOS>
Struggling writer emile Zola shares a drafty Paris attic.
A chance encounter leads to his first bestseller  Nana  an expose of the steamy underside of Parisian life.
Other successful books follow.
Zola becomes rich and famous  he marries Alexandrine and settles down.
One day  his old friend Cezanne  still poor and unknown  visits him.
He tells Zola.
He has become complacent  a far cry.
Meanwhile  a French secret agent steals a letter addressed.
The letter confirms.
There is a spy.
The army commanders decide.
Jewish Captain Alfred Dreyfus is the traitor.
He is courtmartialed and imprisoned.
Later  Colonel Picquart  the new chief  discovers evidence implicating Major Walsin-Esterhazy as the spy.
He is ordered.
This revelation would embarrass them.
He is quickly reassigned.
Years go.
Finally  Dreyfus s loyal wife Lucie pleads to take up her husband s cause.
Zola is reluctant to give up his comfortable life.
The evidence piques his curiosity.
She has brought him.
He publishes a letter.
Zola barely escapes.
He is brought.
He had expected.
His attorney  Maitre Labori does his best.
The presiding judge refuses to allow him to bring up the Dreyfus affair and the military witnesses all commit perjury.
Zola is found guilty and sentenced.
He reluctantly accepts the advice to England.
Where he continues to write.
A new administration finally admits  those responsible are forced to resign or are dismissed.
Dreyfus is innocent.
Walsin-Esterhazy flees the country.
However  Zola dies the night before the public ceremony.
Which Dreyfus is exonerated.
<EOS>
The film follows the life and travails.
Raju and Radha are orphans.
Who lose their mother.
Raju loves his sister very much and raises her very dearly.
Raju and Anandan work and become fast friends.
When Anandan bails Raju with the Mill foreman.
Anandan and Radha fall.
Their love affair continues unknown.
Anandan makes Raju join the union much.
Who is a union leader.
The workers call a strike.
This leads losing his job.
Raju is very worried as.
He is going to support the family when Radha comes up that she has saved.
Raju is amazed and overcomes his initial anger for having worked without his knowledge.
Radha convinces Raju.
They can earn more if they start their own business making dolls and toys.
Raju and Radha make it big.
Who is unable to run the mill offers the mill and asks him to buy him out.
Raju reluctantly agrees to take over the mill and becomes its owner.
Raju is shown receiving education and becomes much more sophisticated.
Meanwhile Anandan and Radha are married.
Her in-laws are very greedy.
They treat Radha badly.
Culminates. 
Finally  Raju gets bedridden.
He dies.
Radha comes to see his dead-body  and cries hugging him  and dies in the same position.
<EOS>
What s the Matter.
Bush.
The movie shows.
Kansas  once home  became very conservative in the late 20th century.
Abortion is a particularly volatile issue.
Pro-Life activists had long staged protests.
He was one.
The largest  the Summer of Mercy campaign in 1991  sparked a conservative takeover of the state s Republican Party.
The movie features a variety conservative  but focuses on three main characters.
Angel Dillard is a mother  and a Republican activist.
We first meet her.
Where she is volunteering For Life booth.
Brittany Barden is a tireless veteran.
Her mission is to return America as a Christian nation.
She s 18 years old.
Donn Teske describes himself.
He also says.
Corporate greed is not very Christian.
He fights to save his family farm and others.
Angel and Brittany both attend Terry Fox s 6000-member Immanuel Baptist Church.
Fox thunders.
He urges his flock to vote to preserve Kansas  conservative movement.
The winds of change blow through Kansas.
Terry Fox s church forces him to resign.
He quickly found a new one.
Angel follows Fox  and invests heavily in the park.
Wild West World suddenly goes bankrupt.
The owner skips town.
Republicans  even in Kansas  lose heavily in the 2006 midterm elections.
There is a question.
Whether Angel s faith - - will be stretched past its breaking point.
Meanwhile  Donn Teske finds.
The United States Congress is finally listening.
He reminds them.
Family farmers care.
The Christian Right remains defiant  organized and ready.
We may lose an election or two.
We ll be back  says Pastor Fox  speaking.
<EOS>
Four kathoey -- Mod  Som  Kam-pang and Wa-wa -- move to attend St.
Mary s High School.
Once there they try to join the school s cheerleading team  only to be rejected.
Instead they join the school s struggling rugby team  making friends.
They score a number.
Toey  another kathoey  comes to Bangkok with the idea of forming a new cheerleading team.
They name The Queen.
The boys have to face a number of problems.
They manage to get to the finals of the national cheerleading competition.
<EOS>
Sundar and Uma are classmates.
They are always fighting.
But Sundar is very much.
He expresses the same.
When they perform at Madurai and later move on to Kodaikanal.
Uma asks him to climb up a peak so.
She will consider his love.
Sundar suffers.
He feels giddy while climbing up and almost swoons down.
When Uma realises the problem.
She accepts his love.
Back home  Sundar has a cousin Shanti residing.
She takes.
Care works as her parents are dead  and so is Sundar s mother.
She is so fond.
She would do anything.
She has a desire to marry him.
Sundar s father being her uncle also wants the marriage to take place.
But Shanti accidentally comes to know and changes her mind.
Father asks Sundar to marry her.
He refuses  revealing.
He is.
His father becomes furious and starts looking to marry Shanti.
Meanwhile Uma leaves.
He  an Army Major is the only relative.
She goes there to obtain his permission.
She informs Sundar.
She would be sending a letter.
Sundar eagerly waits.
The day comes.
The letter arrives.
Mysteriously  Uma informs.
She is getting married as she could not go against the wishes of her brother.
That literally shatters Sundar.
Who becomes bed ridden.
But got.
What actually happened was Uma s brother.
Killed along with his wife and his three children have nobody left to look after other than their aunt Uma.
She decides to renounce her love and take care.
So she tells a lie.
That Sundar does nt come.
Sundar  unaware is very upset and dejected.
Shanti takes care all the time.
Leads. 
That causes Sundar s father to fly.
He decides to marry Shanti.
When Sundar realises how much his father and his cousin had suffered.
Six years pass.
Sundar is now a successful businessman settled.
He and Shanti have a daughter Geetha.
Who is studying there.
Nagesh is the Principal.
Who was earlier the professor studied.
A.
Ashokan is the Correspondent.
Uma has now joined with the recommendation of Nagesh.
Who had put her nephews and niece.
She is the class teacher.
Both Uma and Geetha develop a good relationship.
Shanti makes.
She comes home.
Eventually the meet.
Happens and that starts an emotional upheaval.
The family life also takes.
A beating and the child being a witness is also psychologically affected.
Added to dismissed.
The correspondent who has an eye spells trouble for her by getting her.
She has not played ball.
Seeing things going out  Sundar and Uma decide to meet up.
This is overheard.
Who also decides to leave Sundar s life  as she feels that Uma should take her rightful place.
Where once they expressed their love.
Uma asks Sundar.
Whether he is ready to renounce everything and come with her.
Forms the ending.
What Sundar replies.
<EOS>
Adela prepares enough food to accommodate her children.
Who all promised to be present.
She goes and helps those.
Who are.
She tries to treat it -- doing her daily chores and duties.
The widow ca nt hide her loneliness.
Adela has three children  an OFW  a drug addict son  and a daughter.
Who works.
Who is currently.
Who works.
They all fail to show up and greet her  prompting her to spend the day alone.
Where mangroves are abundant.
<EOS>
Dudley Murphy s artistic  simple.
Musical film classic has a tragic plot.
Features the talents and famous musical prowess.
Duke Ellington and His Orchestra play noteworthy and famous Ellington pieces such as Black and Tan Fantasy  Black Beauty  The Duke Steps Out  and Cotton Club Stomp  as an artist to artist tribute for a fellow great African-American performer  Florence Mills.
Who died.
The film starts.
Which it is established that Duke Ellington s band is struggling to book any sort in order to make money and save his possessions such as his piano and apartment.
Two heavily racially stereotyped black men arrive to take possession.
Fredi Washington   achieves fame and great acclaim way beyond the acknowledgment for the band.
Who is a dancer.
She walks in and offers the movers ten dollars.
The movers refuse the payment.
The lithe and stunning Fredi Washington offers them gin instead.
The movers are persuaded to speak nothing and act completely unaware of the piano.
Recently landing a dancing job  Fredi offers the solution to solve all of Duke Ellington s problems by offering a venue for him and his band to perform at  but requires herself to perform with her star presence and dancing expertise.
Order to land the pending contract that the club is offering.
Unfortunately the famous and deeply has a heart condition.
Will become more detrimental if she continues to dance.
Being warned to give up her career  Fredi boldly ignores her health issues and selflessly assures Duke  herself to the Duke Ellington s tune  Black and Tan Fantasy.
She is healthy enough to perform.
Ultimately leads.
There is a heavy emphasis on the music and symbolism of African American influence on jazz  the struggle and rage of the Harlem of the 1920s  and the realities of the era for the African-American people.
Some.
Are played.
Features the talents.
Black Beauty is played.
There is a more profound symbolism found in her dancing.
She dances.
Greatly portrays her struggle to shine and perform but unfortunately can not.
Therefore prevents her.
<EOS>
He tries to carry out Mike s dying wish.
Con artist Joe Dolan accidentally kills his father Mike.
Mike s twin brother Lou stole.
But Uncle Lou is also a confidence artist.
Joe is soon drawn.
<EOS>
The story revolves mostly.
R.
Pantulu.
Who plays the role.
Uncommon is.
He plays a positive role.
Bustling actor Narasimharaju is also there.
Film has some sentimental and emotional moments and laughable moments too.
It has some classroom incidents.
Film also has some village politics.
Continues to influence the school master character.
The Film teaches life lessons.
<EOS>
The movie begins.
He mistakes his wife  Lily.
When he enters the house.
She reads the will.
The Munsters have inherited an English manor known.
Herman inherited the name Lord Munster.
The family boards the SS United States.
Herman gets seasick  Marilyn encounters Roger Moresby.
Grandpa gets turned upon accidentally consuming a wolf pill.
Grandpa is sneaked.
Cousin Grace and Freddie are furious.
The American Munsters are getting the house  and that Herman will be Lord Munster.
Grace and Freddie   try to get rid of the Munsters  so the estate can be theirs.
Arthur Malet and Richard Dawson have minor roles.
The American Munster couple feels right at home.
When Herman s relatives try to scare them.
Freddie disguises himself  but screams and runs.
When he encounters Herman.
Grandpa sneak out.
They find out a counterfeiting operation.
Is. 
Herman enters a race  driving the Drag-u-la car.
Grace and Freddie attempt to interfere  by setting up a plot to kill him.
Herman wins the race.
The British Munsters are all exposed and apprehended by the authorities.
Herman arrests Freddie and Grace.
Lady Effigie is sent with her butler by Lily and Eddie.
Herman and his family donate the land and Munster Hall.
Roger and Marilyn get together and hope to see each other again.
Herman and his family head after an exciting adventure in England.
<EOS>
Four men and a young woman are shipwrecked.
The men fight.
<EOS>
The film begins  Bid me discourse  I will enchant thine ear  from the poem Venus and Adonis by William Shakespeare.
A voice-over explains.
The camera pans.
Ballroom dancing is treated with suspicion.
Shohei Sugiyama is a successful salaryman.
He works.
However  Sugiyama begins to feel and falls into depression.
If his life has lost direction and meaning.
One night   he spots a beautiful woman.
Coming home.
This is Mai Kishikawa  a well-known figure.
Sugiyama becomes infatuated and decides to take lessons.
Order to get to know her better.
Sugiyama s life changes.
His classes begin.
His teacher is Tamako Tamura.
Who becomes an important mentor.
He meets his classmates  Tokichi Hattori  and Masahiro Tanaka.
Who joined to impress his wife.
Who joined to lose weight.
He also meets Toyoko Takahashi  another student.
He further discovers.
One is a regular at the dance studio.
Aoki   is revealed to be leading a secret life.
Who is balding and mocked.
The classes increase his infatuation for Mai.
His secret thus becomes twofold   he must also hide them.
Only must he hide the lessons.
It is considered embarrassing.
Later   Sugiyama discovers to his surprise.
His passion outweighs his infatuation with her.
Indeed dancing  rather than Mai  gives Sugiyama the meaning.
He was looking.
Masako  noticing his odd behavior  thinks.
He is having an affair -- so she hires a private detective to follow him.
Meanwhile  along  Sugiyama enters an amateur competition - only to find out.
His wife  having finally learned the truth is in the audience.
Surprised  he stumbles and nearly knocks his dance partner to the floor.
He accidentally rips the skirt off.
He is able to catch her.
Both leave the contest.
Later  they learn.
Tomio won the contest.
Sugiyama stands up and tells them not to make fun.
When Tomio is ridiculed after his colleagues read of his success in the newspaper.
They do nt understand.
Sugiyama s wife tries to understand her husband s new passion by asking him to teach her to dance as well.
He is invited.
Who is leaving.
Mai joins him to dance  asking him Shall.
We dance.
<EOS>
A complex story.
Falls. 
Various individuals want the jade  particularly a con-woman played by Shirley Yu.
Her hired help to get it played.
Who hide.
Her hired help played  and a handless off and on villain played by Lu Feng.
Previously Xiao Quiang and Chiang Sheng offered a duel.
To defeat his new sword technique and if he lost he would lose his hand.
The sword was made.
Who formerly made weapons.
However  he retired.
Lu Feng used his new sword to try to kill Kuo.
Lu Feng indeed lost his hand and lived.
A reformed vagabond about the jade  so he approached Kuo Chui to apologize and ask for a new weapon to replace his hand.
Kuo Chui refuses.
Shirley Yu and Lo Mang approach Wang Lung Wei and offer him a price  however Fu Sheng hears this and challenges Lo Mang.
Who is also a knife expert.
Chiang Sheng approaches Shirley Yu and tries to rape her however he is killed by her forcing his employer to go solo in getting the jade.
Eventually a police captain and his daughter hear.
Kara Hui goes undercover and captures the attention of the interested Fu Sheng.
Gets him.
Lo Mang approaches Kuo Chui but again Kuo refuses to make weapons causing Lo Mang to get angry and attack Kuo.
Kuo counters all and destroys them leaving Lo Mang with no weapons to defend himself and retreat.
Another approaches Kuo about and kills a bunch of thugs.
He does have weapons.
Who also came looking to make weapons.
Lastly another individual arrives.
Is the owner.
Kuo offers to help but gets assistance  he makes an iron hand with darts for Lu Feng.
Feng offers to help and goes straight  he also makes replacement knives if he also helps and offers to go straight in which both of them agree.
Kuo Chui and Lu Feng and the captain waiting at the hotel.
Who employed Chiang Sheng.
Everyone arrives.
Kuo gambles.
He wins he keeps the jade and if he loses he dies.
Kuo rigs the gambling piece.
That the outcome will be death either way.
Wang Lung Wei attempts to escape but is killed.
Lu Feng grabs the jade and returns and threatens to kill everyone with his new iron hand.
He does nt get the jade.
Lo Mang attempts to apprehend him.
Lu Feng catches his knives and kills the.
Lu Feng tries to fire another dart.
Backfires and kills him as Kuo rigged his iron hand to need to be reset after the fourth dart is fired.
It will backfire.
Lo Mang and Fu Sheng then get to settle the previous duel  this contest ends up being another draw.
Was a draw.
Fu Sheng throws a magnetic knife which catches Lo Mangs knives and kills him.
Kuo Chui tries to give the jade to give it back to the police.
Shirley Yu takes her hostage and escapes.
Kuo goes.
Shirley Yu goes to check on Kara Hui.
Shirley Yu has the jade  but then is murdered.
Who does nt find the jade but escapes anyway.
The innkeeper ends up finding the jade  but Kuo convinces him to give it up.
Kuo proceeds to return it.
The policeman  Kara Hui and Fu Sheng arrive looking.
The policeman tells him to go find Kuo  explaining.
A trap has been set up by the escort service  who wants to keep the jade  as it s worth more than the reward.
Kuo meets the escort service but is ambushed and injured.
The innkeeper returns to tell Fu Sheng.
Who tracks to save Kuo Chui.
He kills the boss and his men and returns the jade.
<EOS>
The movie takes place and centers around a high society girl  Ella.
Who joins the dangerous 19th century Gold rush.
She risks her life multiple times and falls with one of the guys.
Doing her job and search.
<EOS>
The film is a melodrama.
Helius is an entrepreneur.
He seeks.
Who has written a treatise  only to be ridiculed by his peers.
Helius recognizes the value.
A gang have also taken an interest in Mannfeldt s theories.
Meanwhile  Helius s assistant Windegger has announced his engagement.
This is disconcerting.
Who secretly loves Friede.
He is mugged by henchmen of the evil businessmen  commanded by an American named Turner.
They steal the research  taking other valuable material.
Professor Mannfeldt had entrusted and also burgle Helius s home.
They then present him  they know  either he includes them in the project.
He is planning a voyage.
They will sabotage it and destroy his rocket.
Reluctantly  Helius agrees.
The rocket team is assembled  Helius  Mannfeldt  Windegger  Friede and Turner.
Who represents the interests.
They discover.
Gustav  a young boy who has befriended Helius  is aboard with his collection of science fiction pulp magazines.
Windegger emerges as a coward.
The feelings become known to her  creating a romantic triangle.
Mannfeldt and Turner prove Mannfeldt s theory.
They get.
There is gold.
They struggle.
Mannfeldt falls.
Turner attempts to hijack the rocket.
He is shot and killed.
Gunfire damages the oxygen tanks.
They come.
There is not enough oxygen to make the return trip.
One person must remain.
Helius and Windegger draw straws to see.
Who must stay.
Windegger loses.
Seeing Windegger s anguish  Helius decides and take his place  letting Windegger return to Earth with Friede.
He makes Gustav his confidant and the new pilot.
Helius discovers.
The ship takes off.
Friede has decided to stay on the moon.
They embrace passionately.
<EOS>
Two itinerant adventurers  Jim Rainbolt and Shaun Garrett  stumble.
They hide the gold behind a giant boulder.
Shaun is wounded.
Doc Gates patches him up and is made a full partner.
They take refuge.
There they are introduced  an Indian maiden called Tita.
One day  McCracken rides up and takes Shaun and Doc captive.
Jim and Gondora are away.
He kills Doc.
He is unable to tell the hiding place.
Shaun does know it and   agrees to take McCracken to the spot.
There the boulder rolls.
Who is trapped and left there to die.
Everything seems all right and demands the money.
Gondora puts friendship aside.
Jim and Shaun run and must cross a treacherous river.
The gold gets away.
The current carries it out.
All is laugh.
The three men can do.
<EOS>
Olivier is a small-time crook.
He and a friend happen to meet a woman  Ariane.
Whose plumbing needs to be fixed.
They fix the pipes and learn.
The landlord downstairs is away.
They take the opportunity to burgle him.
However they discover -- she is a professional dominatrix.
Ariane has a torture chamber.
Olivier assists her with her work and slowly becomes obsessed with her  but struggles with her sado-masochistic activities.
Olivier tries to understand and take control.
Whom he believes frightened.
<EOS>
Running about 23 minutes  Pig is a disjointed  heavily stylized and minimalistic film depicting a serial killer journeying out.
Where he proceeds to ritualistically murder an unidentified man.
The movie opens.
The individual places several items  appearing among them a deck of cards  a notebook  and a copy of the children s novel Mr Pig and Sonny Too -- a real publication written in 1977 by the American author Lillian Hoban.
The book s title has an obvious connection.
The individual closes up his brief case  standing upright and turning to reveal the bleeding  half-naked body of another man lying prostrate on the floor.
The living man kicks aside the corpse and continues downstairs  packing up his belongings into a black car and driving away along a deserted road.
The suited driver continues.
His vehicle passes an outcrop.
It appears to read either.
Perhaps being unintelligible.
Another sign crops up immediately  written in black  though is essentially unreadable.
The film cuts.
He wanders until reaching a telephone poll and sitting down .
The driver s car pulls up.
The masked figure enters.
The two drive down another path and stop.
They exit the car   all the while carrying his brief case.
Where it can be seen now that the driver is leading the masked figure.
The dilapidated doorway is shown to have the number 1334 laid out in small bones at the top  otherwise adorned with a dominoes  a crucifix  caution tape and various photographs of someone s arms being bound.
Scenes flash.
The camera zooms.
A box opens up to reveal a keyhole.
A pig mask can be seen sticking through a broken wall.
The scene cuts again - the word Look is graffitied along the wall.
Where the masked man is bound to the ceiling.
The camera spins before showing the two men outside again  this time the masked victim being led by his rope to a cellar.
There the victimizer empties his brief case  his deck of cards  a large metal key  a wig and a book entitled.
God Permits Evil printed on the cover.
The captor places his hand and pulls part of the bandage-mask from his eye  exposing his darting sight and sense of fear.
A collection can be seen below.
<EOS>
The film was shot.
It s.
Min Htin Si is the boyfriend.
Moe Thout also loves Wai La too.
There was a problem.
Min Htin Si s father died.
Moe Thout s father had love stories.
Therefore  Min Htin Si s father and mother had conflicts.
So  Min Htin Si hated Moe Thout s family.
He was a child.
Moe Thout did.
Everything Wai La want while Min Htin Si was using Wai La.
However  Wai La never thought.
Her boyfriend  Min Htin Si  is using her.
But  she tried to hate Min Htin Si.
When she know that her boyfriend is using her.
<EOS>
Harry Palmer   is told to take a package to Helsinki.
Who has left MI-5 to work.
The package contains six virus-laden eggs.
Have been stolen at Porton Down.
He is met by Anya  Harry s old friend Leo Newbigen.
Who takes him to meet her handler.
Leo is.
Harry knows.
She is only pretending to reciprocate.
Leo takes Harry.
Where a computer issues daily instructions.
The computer speaks.
Summoned Harry.
He can not trust either Leo or Anya.
Who coerces him.
Harry is ordered.
Where he embeds to obtain intelligence for Leo s operation.
He is extracted from Russia by Colonel Stok  an old contact from the Red Army.
Back  Anya tries to kill Harry.
She seduces him.
She confesses.
The computer told her to kill Harry.
Harry locks her and waits for Leo at the computer s location.
Leo offers to pay off Harry.
Harry insists.
Leo is getting.
The pair go.
Where Harry meets oil tycoon ` General  Midwinter.
The General proudly displays his billion-dollar ` brain.
Is a room.
The General is.
He thinks will trigger the fall.
His plan is to infect the Red Army.
Using his Latvian agents to begin a rebellion invades.
Meanwhile  Leo subverts the General s computer orders and escapes.
The General realizes.
Harry is a double agent.
He sends Harry regardless.
Back  Leo and Anya board a train for Russia with the eggs.
Harry intercepts them  escorting Leo.
Anya shoots Harry s bodyguards.
The train pulls away.
Leo runs.
He hands the eggs.
Anya pushes him and shrugs.
He tries to pull himself up.
He looks in bewilderment.
Leo then offers to help Harry stop the General s insane plan.
Could trigger World War III.
The General leads his private army across the frozen Baltic Sea into Latvia.
Harry and Leo attempt to catch up.
Who orders their car to be fired.
Leo is killed.
Meanwhile  Col.
Stok is fully aware on the convoy  breaking the sea ice.
The entire convoy falls.
All the vehicles and soldiers sink to a cold  watery  Baltic Grave.
Harry awakes alone.
Col.
Stok arrives.
He gives the eggs and confirms.
Anya is one.
She bids Harry farewell.
He walks off the frozen sea back  Harry apparently now has a long walk.
Back  Harry delivers the eggs to his MI-5 superior.
Who agrees to reward Harry.
However   he finds.
When he opens the package to inspect the eggs.
Harry has replaced them.
<EOS>
The film  based and set in Lapland  centers on the young woman Pirita.
Pirita and Aslak meet  and soon marry.
It is not long  however.
The shepherd husband wanders off  leaving his wife lonely and heartbroken.
Pirita visits the local shaman.
Who indeed helps her out  but in the process turns her.
<EOS>
Diana Emerson is looking for a copy of the book Dark Safari  written by the famed explorer Cuddleford.
Buzz Johnson overhears Diana saying.
She will pay $.
He devises a plan to pass off his friend Stanley Livington.
Who accompanied Cuddleford.
He can reproduce the map.
They agree to accompany her.
He feels.
When Bud overhears that Clyde Beatty has been offered $ 20000 to lead the expedition.
The map is worth considerably more than $.
They travel.
The boys learn.
The true expedition is.
Buzz plans to renegotiate the deal.
Unfortunately Stanley can not reproduce the map.
He has never seen it.
The two attempt to bluff their way.
Eventually the entire expeditionary team arrives.
Where the chief offers several diamonds.
They start to chase Stanley.
Buzz buries the diamonds before the tribal warriors are finally frightened away.
Meanwhile  another gorilla has dug up the diamonds.
Buzz has hidden.
Stanley owns the department store  along with the gorilla  and Buzz works for them as the elevator operator.
<EOS>
Earth can hear the radio signals of intelligent beings from a planet of the star system Shedar.
A project is set up  proposed Vitya Sereda  to send a spaceship to reach the planet.
The flight will last.
Decades  so the crew  is to be recruited from teenage students.
The project is all carefully thought.
So reaching its target.
<EOS>
The Reverend Dean Maitland falls and impregnates her  despite being engaged to another woman.
Alma s father attacks.
Maitland and Maitland accidentally kills him.
His best friend  Dr Henry Everard is convicted and sentenced to twenty years in gaol.
He comes.
When Everard is released.
The Dean confesses his guilt publicly and collapses and dies.
<EOS>
Frederick Clegg is a lonely young man.
Who collects butterflies.
He buys an isolated country house and begins stalking pretty  young art student  Miranda Grey.
Frederick kidnaps and chloroforms Miranda.
He loads her unconscious body to his house  locking Miranda in the windowless stone cellar.
He has prepared.
Frederick confesses his love  and explains.
When Miranda awakens.
He only wants time to get to know him.
Miranda angrily demands to be released  but later agrees to stay for four weeks  but.
If he gives her his word that he will let her go.
Miranda stays locked  except for occasional baths in the main house.
Frederick proudly shows her his massive butterfly collection.
She is shocked.
He has destroyed  and realizes.
He s collected her.
Four weeks go.
Which Frederick discovers and prevents a number by Miranda.
Frederick surprises Miranda with a formal dinner and champagne.
He presents her and asks her to marry him.
Frederick becomes suspicious.
When Miranda agrees.
They argue.
He chloroforms her and locks her again.
Miranda attempts to seduce Frederick.
He is appalled  and tells her he has lost all respect.
He ca nt allow her to leave.
Miranda realizes.
Just how unstable Frederick is  and that she will never leave alive.
She seizes a nearby shovel and strikes Frederick with it.
Being taken back.
Frederick is wounded.
He manages to pull her back  breaking the heater during their struggles.
Frederick then drives his van and is helped inside by a nurse.
Miranda remains locked  soaking wet.
Frederick returns a few days later to find Miranda terribly ill.
He goes to get a doctor.
There  Frederick stops himself.
He enters the cellar to find Miranda dead.
He says.
It was Miranda s fault.
He reveals.
Miranda is buried in a box he made.
She got everything.
She deserved.
He says.
His only mistake was trying to deal like Miranda  who was much too clever and of a different social background.
He has decided.
He needs to find someone simpler and more common that he can teach.
The final scene shows Frederick back  stalking a young nurse.
<EOS>
Eat.
The Document includes footage.
Dylan s band were The Hawks.
Songs include Tell Me  Momma  I Do nt Believe You  Ballad of a Thin Man  and One Too Many Mornings.
Other scenes include Dylan and Robbie Robertson writing and working through new songs.
Of which remain unreleased and unpublished.
I Ca nt Leave Her Behind.
Was later covered for the I m Not There soundtrack.
The film also includes a piano duet.
Some bootleg versions include a long scene featuring a possibly alcohol - or drug-impaired Dylan in a limousine with John Lennon on 27 May.
Lennon urges him to get a grip  Do you suffer from sore eyes  groovy forehead  or curly hair.
Dylan shows signs.
Pull yourself together.
Lennon would later recall  I was nervous as shit.
He and Dylan were both  and both on fucking junk  and all these freaks around us.
I was.
S why I was so nervous.
<EOS>
Eva Lovelace is a small town theater performer.
Who hopes to make it big.
She goes and tries to get a role in an upcoming play.
Would help her make it.
Several other actresses auditioning make the cut.
There. 
They are cast.
They have more experience.
A theater coach   agrees to give her acting and theater coach lessons.
Whom she meets while auditioning.
She later meets Joseph Sheridan.
Who agrees to give her a small part.
The star starts making demands for money in a contract.
The play is about to begin.
She wants.
She storms off the set.
When she is not obliged.
The show is.
The production crew frantically tries to find a replacement.
They choose Eva Lovelace to play the star of the show.
She gets her big break.
She quickly rehearses her lines and makes an excellent debut.
<EOS>
The gang travels to stay at the La Serena Spa.
When Fred has difficulty trying to come up.
There  they meet Mr Hubley.
Who works there.
Shaggy asks.
There is anything to eat.
Hubley says no  but there is a barbecue.
The gang goes.
All but Shaggy and Scooby-Doo go off to see the paleontological dig.
Shaggy and Scooby are too full to walk right away.
A gila monster steals a biscuit  causing Scooby to go after it.
When they set out.
He meets the Phantosaur and runs away.
Later  Shaggy and Scooby are chased and narrowly escape.
Meanwhile  Professor Svankmajor shows the rest.
Velma meets Svankmajor s student  Winsor.
She instantly sees him.
They plan to go out.
Which Fred replies.
Back  Shaggy is in terrible shape after a fright.
Mr Hubley helps.
Shaggy becomes more calm  but freaks out again.
When Mr Hubley tells them the legend.
The legend says.
The Phantosaur was summoned to drive out Spanish conquistadors.
It turned instead.
Hubley has an advanced hypnosis machine.
He hypnotizes Shaggy to become fearless and unstoppable  and to switch back.
When he heard the word bad.
When he hears it again.
Then he orders Shaggy to forget everything  unfortunately  Hubley himself is affected.
He ca nt remember the key word.
Daphne  Fred  and Velma go back to look for clues.
Velma is so lovestruck.
She s not much use.
She misses an obvious clue.
Where Winsor says they never go.
Meanwhile  Scooby and Shaggy go and start to eat it out of business.
Then a biker gang comes in.
Shaggy accidentally squirts the contents of the bikers.
Who grabs him and says something.
Suddenly Shaggy is fearless.
He knocks all out.
Then the gang leader  Tex  arrives and challenges him.
Shaggy confidently accepts.
Though he s never ridden a motorcycle before.
He says.
Tex leaves.
He wo nt kill Shaggy bad.
Then  Vincent told.
Tex that if he does  he will get got.
Suddenly back  Shaggy is terrified of the challenge.
He just accepted.
Meanwhile  Randy warns the girls to pass it on.
That night  Daphne decides to give him motorcycling lessons.
She drove a motorcycle when she was five.
Shaggy and Tex have a motorcycle race.
Shaggy hears bad and almost wins.
He thinks.
The monster must think it s so bad  which is enough to make him cowardly again and get chased.
Eventually  they figure out.
There were two phantosaurs.
They were robots.
The culprits were two mining engineers.
Who wanted the silver they found.
Once back they find the hologram projector gone.
They get attacked.
They learn.
It was Professor Svankmajor and Winsor  much.
They had found a complete Allosaurus encased  a beautiful and priceless find.
They wanted to keep it.
They wanted to scare everyone off.
They could dig it out and take it away.
They disguised three other graduate students  and created an original red Phantosaur with an advanced holgraphic projector and paint-stripper devices.
Blasted super-heated air.
The dynamite charges.
They are underground.
Svankmajor set to blast free the dinosaur crystal go off.
Shaggy s hypnotic bravery comes in again.
Daphne praises him that he s not bad.
Scooby realizes the keyword but is unable to tell the rest.
Shaggy has to complete the rest on sheer guts  and with some help from his new biker friends.
Svankmajor and Winsor are arrested.
Velma says.
She will date Winsor again when he gets out.
They then go back.
Mr Hubley tries to un-hypnotize Shaggy  accidentally making the entire gang.
The end shows them driving away in the Mustard Machine.
<EOS>
The film is set during the Black Death.
Ten young Florentines take refuge from the plague.
But  they have lusty adventures  bawdy exchanges  romance and swordplay.
There are randy nuns  Saracen pirates  and a sexy cow.
The Florentines are set to go.
Belonged. 
Pampinea escapes.
Is going on.
She meets with Lorenzo.
Who thinks Pampinea to be the most beautiful but is unaware that she is there.
Pampinea kisses Lorenzo blindfolded and he falls with her.
Pampinea sets out.
Where she is to get married after he tricked her into believing that it was her father s wish to marry him.
The priest marries them but then comes Count Dzerzhinsky to stop the wedding.
He is the one who is supposed to marry Pampinea.
Believing he fights Gerbino and knocks his sword out.
Pampinea is Elissa.
Then Lorenzo convinces the Count to let him fight Gerbino.
Gerbino falls and dies.
Lorenzo and Gerbino are sword fighting.
Pampinea ends up.
He finds out that it was she who gave him the kiss.
They live happily ever.
The Count is as well.
<EOS>
A man marries an enchanting woman.
Then things begin to go terribly wrong.
He discovers her shocking secrets.
Those begin to die horrible and violent deaths  one by one.
He soon learns.
You really do nt know someone until you marry them.
<EOS>
Army medical officer Tom Owen returns home.
He learns and is heavily named Dan Reasonover.
His brother Floyd  a mine safety engineer killed  might have been negligent in his duty.
Twice divorced Helen Curtis   asks Tom.
Who is Dan s daughter.
He is warned  but ca nt resist.
Knowing  Helen persuades him to accept a position.
Tom has vowed to pay his late brother s debts.
New nurse Joan Lasher is disappointed.
Tom treats wealthy society patients when he could be doing more good elsewhere.
She is impressed.
Who is concerned more in need.
Emergency surgery is needed.
Her physician  Gleeson  pleads to perform the operation for him.
Tom does  unethically.
Joan quits.
Helen s aunt offers a $ 10000 reward.
Gleeson offers to split.
Joan and Jim are trapped.
Tom arrives to rescue them.
Jim dies.
He resigns.
Helen leaves him  but Joan now stands.
<EOS>
Judy Peabody saves an old man.
He turns out to be Jerry Bates  J.
B.
Pop to Judy.
Who mistakenly believes the wealthy old-timer to be poor.
Pop instructs his lawyer to reward Judy.
A hat check girl is for her bandleader boyfriend Danny to return home from the Marines.
She can sing.
A letter informs the young lady  no strings attached.
She now has a brand new apartment  free  and a line of credit at a fashionable department store.
She promptly buys dresses and furs.
Pop comes to keep an eye on her.
She lands him a job.
That does nt work out.
She invites Pop to share her apartment.
Danny comes home  excited to see her.
He sees the apartment  the clothes and the old man.
Believing her to be a kept woman  he falls out.
Billingsley is invited to hear the band.
Impressed  he gives them a job.
Judy finally discovers.
Pop is responsible and is able to win back Danny s love.
<EOS>
The film is.
Who tries to uncover and stop an unknown serial killer who sniped three victims and plans.
<EOS>
The movie is building a harbour on a Caribbean island.
When they accidentally uncover two dinosaurs that have been frozen.
They are a Brontosaurus and a Tyrannosaurus rex.
That night   the beasts are struck by lightning and come back to life.
The islanders have no idea.
The dinosaurs are alive and are now roaming the island.
Also awoken is a caveman.
Who befriends Julio  an island boy  and along get into a series of wacky misadventures  which lead to the death of the Brontosaurus and the caveman.
Meanwhile the islanders have found refuge by hiding in the old fortress.
Is protected.
To ensure  the hero Bart drives out to face the beast.
The Tyrannosaurus does not get in.
The two duel is knocked into water  ending the island terror.
The film ends  with THE END followed by.
There was no sequel.
Though the movie ended.
<EOS>
Successful author Mort Rainey suffers a psychotic break.
When he catches his wife  Amy having an affair.
He procrastinates finalizing the divorce.
Depressed and suffering  Mort is confronted one day by the mysterious John Shooter  a Mississippi dairy farmer.
Who accuses him.
Shooter leaves.
His manuscript Sowing Season which he alleges was copied.
Mort dismisses Shooter as mentally ill and throws the book away.
His cleaning lady digs it out and presents it back to him.
Mort reads the story and is surprised to discover its resemblance to his own story Secret Window.
The following day  Mort is accosted by Shooter.
When he explains his story was published years before Shooter s existed.
He is given a three-day ultimatum to provide the proof.
That night  Mort finds.
Chico  his Australian Cattle Dog  stabbed with a screwdriver in his neck.
Mort immediately suspects Shooter and reports the incident.
Who reacts.
Mort then drives.
Where his estranged wife Amy is living to obtain a copy as he watches her leave with her new lover Ted Milner.
He used before.
Ken travels to watch over the cabin and to interview Tom Greenleaf  the only witness to Mort and Shooter s conversation.
Amy later calls saying.
Their house was burned down  consequently destroying the copy.
He begins to suspect Ted.
Shooter shows up again  this time demanding Mort fix the story s ending.
Mort feigns agreement.
The next morning  Mort is perplexed to find his Jeep Cherokee idling.
When he leaves with Ken.
He shows up late.
Where they planned to meet  but learns.
Ken never showed up at all.
Back  Mort receives a call from Shooter.
Requesting a private meeting and when he arrives he finds Ken and Tom dead in Tom s truck.
Shooter indicates.
He has implicated Mort  requiring Mort to cover up the crime by running the truck into a water-filled stone quarry  losing his watch in the process.
Mort s literary agent sends.
A copy picks it up at the post office.
He opens it to find.
When he arrives home.
The specific pages containing the story have been cut out.
Mort s inner voice tells him.
Since the magazine was  Shooter could nt have tampered with it.
Prompting leads Mort to realize  brought to life through Mort s dissociative identity disorder and created to carry out malevolent tasks like killing Chico  Ken and Tom and burning down the house.
Shooter is merely a figment.
Amy coincidentally arrives to get his signature to finalize the divorce settlement.
As Mort comes to realize his psychosis.
She finds the cabin disheveled  and suspects Mort s drinking as the cause.
Mort suddenly reveals.
Himself and Amy is struck when she spots a carving explaining that shooter actually implies Mort s desire to shoot her.
Mort  now wearing Shooter s hat and speaking  chases Amy outside to her car and stabs her in the ankle to prevent her from leaving.
Ted arrives shortly afterwards.
Amy watches helplessly.
Mort ambushes and beheads him.
Mort then recites the ending.
He murders Amy.
Mort recovers from his writer s block and becomes less reclusive  he seems blissfully unaware of despite obvious rebuffs.
Though he is now the town pariah  a fact.
Dave stops to advise Mort and will be arrested.
He is the prime suspect and Ted s disappearance.
The bodies are found.
Mort nonchalantly dismisses the threat.
Dave leaves.
Mort again recites the perfect ending so they will decompose.
He dines from his garden  hinting that Amy and Ted s bodies are buried in the ground beneath the corn crops  and that the corn is breaking down the nutrients from the bodies.
The police will never find them.
<EOS>
Lieutenant Harry Faversham realises.
His regiment is being deployed where they would see combat.
He promptly resigns his officer s commission  stating  Ethne.
He did not wish to leave his fiance.
He was questioning the cause  and was fearful of seeing combat.
His fiance and three friends present him with white feathers  representing cowardice  and turn their backs on him.
Faversham realizes.
He has made a grave mistake  and that he will never be able to live any quality unless his honour is restored.
Disguising himself  Faversham makes his way to Sudan determined to find his unit.
He learns  and tries to make it in time to save them.
His closest friend Captain Jack Durrance becomes engaged in close combat.
Which he is blinded when a black powder rifle goes off next.
Faversham attacks the Arabs.
Who surround Durrance  and rescues him as he staggers blindly.
Faversham is able to help his regiment  and redeem his honour.
<EOS>
September 1950  an exhausted platoon of the 24th Infantry Division is cut off.
The platoon is harassed by unseen North Korean infiltrators.
Who silently kill the Americans and take their weapons.
Platoon commander Lieutenant Benson has only vague instructions to reach a certain hill to link up.
The patrol stops a jeep driven shocked passenger the Colonel from the First Cavalry Division.
The Colonel is unable to speak and is tied.
The tough experienced.
Where our men fell.
Montana decided he.
His Colonel   have had enough.
Whom he treats.
Benson commandeers their jeep.
The platoon makes its way.
Montana disobeys Benson.
Who turns out to have a concealed weapon.
Sergeant Killian is killed.
Montana takes his place and feigns fatigue  luring the infiltrators.
Where he kills them.
The cynical Montana transforms the platoon back.
Also curing Zwickley s neurosis.
The platoon successfully carries on.
They find.
When they reach the hill.
It held.
Montana shoots three enemy soldiers disguised.
A North Korean prisoner is used and killed by his own men.
Benson and his men launch an attack.
Montana and the Colonel sit it out.
The Colonel comes  joins the assault  and is killed.
Shamed  Montana joins Benson.
They use grenades and a flamethrower to destroy a pillbox and machine gun nest.
Only Benson  Montana  and Sergeant Riordan survive.
Montana produces a container.
When American reinforcements arrive.
The Colonel meant to award his men.
Benson calls the roll.
Montana throws the medals  while Elmer Bernstein s title song plays in the background.
<EOS>
The movie is.
Whose life is imprisoned.
A young man destroys the demon and marries the demon s daughter.
<EOS>
It deals.
Who comes to Calcutta to be a film actor  and gets involved.
<EOS>
Tries to get deeply into character since the film is very important to her career.
She may go too far.
When incidents begin to pattern themselves.
<EOS>
The film is segmented  Inventors The individuals The individuals Interviews the Teters.
Who started creating snowboards Pioneers.
Who started riding snowboards before it was a sport Back Country The individuals who risk their lives riding The individuals who have lost limbs or their eyesight but continue to snowboard Families.
The film also has one mini section.
Snowboarding has influenced their lives.
<EOS>
Characters   see Kerberos saga characters.
Main characters  Moongaze Ginji Foxy Croquette O-Gin Crying Inumaru Cold Badger Masa Beefbowl Ushigoro Hamburger Tetsu Medium Hot Sabu Frankfurter Tatsu Crepe Mami Baked Bean Pastry Amataro Secondary characters  Tokumitsu Shinada Manager Kamiyama.
<EOS>
A country boy  Jim Conroy  is leaving a dissolute life  running around with vamp Helen Ross.
He is dumped to the bush.
When his father cuts him off.
He works and falls in love with Kitty Carewe  daughter of John Carewe  the squatter next door.
John is impressed and invites him to train his finest horse  Swagman  hoping to win enough prize money to save his farm.
A jealous farm hand plots to fix the race.
That the latter can take  letting Swagman go and run with the brumbies.
However Jim rescues the horse and rides it.
Smith frames Jim but he is proved innocent.
Jim marries Kitty.
<EOS>
Christopher Rocket is a man loyal but unable to fulfill his girlfriend Anne or anything else in his personal life.
He came back after his estranged father Tom Rocket suffers a stroke.
Jane Rocket  his mother  is a central figure.
<EOS>
Set  Wings of Desire follows two angels  Damiel and Cassiel   a painter struggling to find inspiration  a broken man no longer loves him.
They roam the city  unseen and unheard  observing and listening to the diverse thoughts of Berliners  a pregnant woman in an ambulance on the way to the hospital.
Who thinks his girlfriend.
Their raison detre is   to assemble  testify  preserve reality.
Cassiel says.
The film is also a meditation on Berlin s past  present  and future.
Damiel and Cassiel have always existed  they existed in Berlin.
It was a city  and before there were even any humans.
They encounter.
Their wanderings is an old man named Homer  who   dreams of an epic of peace.
Cassiel follows the old man.
He looks  and finds only the graffiti-covered Berlin Wall.
Damiel begins to fall with a profoundly lonely circus trapeze artist named Marion.
Damiel and Cassiel are pure observers  visible only  and incapable of any physical interaction with our world.
She lives in a caravan  dances alone to the music of Crime and the City Solution  and drifts through the city.
A subplot follows Peter Falk.
Who has arrived to make a film about Berlin s Nazi past.
It emerges.
The film progresses.
Never experiencing  renounced his immortality to become a participant.
Eventually  Damiel too longs.
To become human.
He experiences life  he bleeds  sees colors for the first time  tastes food and drinks coffee.
When he sheds his immortal existence.
Meanwhile  Cassiel inadvertently taps just about to commit suicide by jumping off a building.
Cassiel tries to save the young man but is unable to do so  and is left haunted and tormented.
Eventually  Damiel meets the trapeze artist Marion.
They greet each other.
If they had long known each other.
Damiel is united with the woman.
He has desired.
The film ends  To be continued.
The story is concluded.
<EOS>
Superstar singer Film is involved.
He is  he ca nt remember.
Rescued  but because he has amnesia.
Who he is.
A paparazza named.
Jaa has followed Film.
Film and Jaa were enemies.
Now he thinks.
She is someone he might have loved.
<EOS>
Bridget Gregory steals $.
She stops in a small town  Beston  a suburb of Buffalo  and meets Mike.
Meanwhile  Clay gets his thumb broken.
Who is looking.
Clay   frantically searches for his wife and the money.
Bridget changes her name to Wendy Kroy and gets a job at the insurance company.
Where Mike works.
Bridget invents a plan.
When Mike tells her how to find out if a man is cheating by reading his credit reports.
She pretends to travel to kill a cheating husband  but instead goes to Buffalo to meet Mike s ex-wife  Trish.
She shows Mike the money she has taken a cut from the new widow as payment for the supposed killing.
She stole to convince him.
She tells.
To prove.
He loves her.
She tries to talk Mike.
He rejects the idea  but agrees after receiving a letter from his ex saying.
She is moving.
The letter was forged to change his mind.
Mike goes into the apartment of the attorney.
Who turns out to be Clay.
He manages to work out.
Clay is tied up.
What is happening when Mike mentions Bridget s alias  and convinces him.
They then hatch a plot to double-cross her.
She turns the tables.
She tells a stunned Mike to rape her.
She tells him.
When he refuses.
She knows the truth.
She then tricks Mike.
She has.
Mike is arrested.
She escapes.
<EOS>
The further adventures.
S.
Marshal Rooster Cogburn hellbent.
Which he battles injustice.
<EOS>
Frankie Madison and Noll Dink Turner are rum-running partners.
They get after their liquor  attracting the attention of the police.
The two men split up  but not.
If one is caught  he will still get an equal share when he gets out.
Frankie is sent.
He goes to see Noll.
When he is finally set free.
Noll has built up a swanky nightclub.
Noll stalls  sending him with his singer girlfriend Kay Lawrence.
When the impatient Frankie shows up there.
Noll instructs Kay to find out.
What Frankie is.
He learns.
Frankie expects him to honor their old bargain.
He tells his old partner.
The deal only applied.
Dave  the only member  had him sign legal papers to that effect some time ago.
Frankie s share is less than $.
Furious  Frankie slugs Noll and leaves to take.
What he figures he is owed.
However  Noll had Dave tie up ownership  with bylaws.
Make it impossible for him to hand.
Furthermore  the men supposedly backing Frankie actually work.
Frankie is beaten up and left.
Meanwhile  Noll informs Kay.
He intends to marry wealthy socialite Alexis Richardson  explaining that he is doing so to ensure the success.
He sees no reason.
They can not continue their relationship.
Repulsed and strongly attracted to Frankie  Kay quits and  overcoming Frankie s suspicions  joins his side.
Dave  aghast tells him.
Frankie has been treated.
He is willing to pass along what he knows  which is enough to bring Noll down.
However  he foolishly tells Noll  and is killed.
What he intends to do.
The murder is pinned.
Evading a police manhunt  Frankie and Kay go.
Frankie manages to take it away.
Noll is waiting.
The three drive.
Frankie extracts a written confession from him.
He gives when they show up.
Noll is taken away  but gets free and goes gunning.
He is shot dead.
<EOS>
Hooked  Zankie Albo is admitted to Synanon House  a rehabilitation center.
Chuck Dederich  a recovering alcoholic  is.
Zankie is placed during his early  painful stages of drug withdrawal.
She  too  is a rehabbing junkie.
Any further mistake could permanently cost her custody of her child.
An attraction develops  resulting in jealousy from another man interested in her  Ben  a parolee and graduate of the center.
Ben reports them after catching Zankie and Joaney in a romantic tryst.
A patient is persuaded to share it  with leading to a tragic end.
Who manages to get high.
<EOS>
No one stands.
The sexual abuse is the delicate issue to be handled by Peter and Emmeline Guitry  devout Catholics.
Whose lives are shattered when their son Robbie reveals that he has been sexually abused.
They begin a persistent but painful campaign to remove Aubert from the clergy  and have him prosecuted as a sex offender.
The Catholic Church attempts to cover up the abuse and place Aubert back  causing a nationally publicized lawsuit.
<EOS>
The story is set around a college campus.
Where rivalries take place.
The story is basically the same.
The script s touch is notably lighter  verging on comedic in places.
Several witchcraft.
Order to advance their husbands  careers.
Joshua Lightman does not believe  and makes her cease practising witchcraft.
His wife Margaret s spells and hocus-pocus have been helping her.
Immediately things begin to go wrong.
He cuts himself shaving  he is accused.
A disgruntled female student tries to kill him.
Meanwhile  Vivian Cross is controlling several.
Which a being is hatched.
This winged creatures.
Whose eyes shoot green flames chases Joshua Lightman s car and nearly kills him.
Vivian Cross destroys it.
Vivian   then hatches a plot to trade bodies.
Who is close.
Margaret is sent driving off a pier.
Joshua uses magic to save her.
Vivian succeeds  but the tables are turned on her  Vivian is destroyed.
Margaret is returned and starts practising witchcraft again to help Joshua.
<EOS>
Sylvie is fascinated.
She is upset.
When her father  Baron Eduard  is forced to sell the painting.
The Baron hires an actor to appear on the eve of Sylvie s 16th birthday  as a joke.
Two admirers decide to also appear as ghosts.
All this annoys the actual ghost.
He too makes an appearance.
<EOS>
Flamboyant Zani is a kindly young man.
Who grew up entirely and works.
His only true friends are the zoo s animals.
Indeed Zani has been chastised for being too nice to them.
Who wear them.
Zani meets Eve  a young and beautiful orphan girl.
Hiding out.
Eve must somehow escape.
She is faced.
Zani and Eve together hide overnight.
Dr Grunbaum  the zoo director  is forced to organize a search party.
Zani proves too elusive and harbors Eve.
Zani saves Eve.
When evil zookeeper Heinie discovers them.
More scuffles result.
When dangerous animals become freed.
The resourceful Zani brings pacification and redeems himself.
Grunbaum is played.
P.
Heggie  the South Australian actor known stage as The Man with the Golden Voice.
His kindly personality   is perfect here.
Was also shown.
The film is a fantasy.
Its audaciously creative approach to was far from the conventional style.
What is now called sound design.
Where actors shouted.
<EOS>
The film opens.
Are only a handful of people  including fisherman Jonas Persson and his wife Karin  and Tomas s ex-mistress  the atheistic Marta.
Tomas   prepares for his 3 oclock service in another town.
Coming down.
However  the Perssons arrive to speak.
He leaves.
Jonas has become morose.
China is developing an atomic bomb.
Tomas speaks  but asks Jonas to return after taking his wife home.
No sooner have the Perssons left.
Marta enters  attempts to comfort the miserable Tomas  and asks if he s read the letter she wrote.
He has nt.
Tomas tells her  and wonders.
He will have anything to say  since he is as well.
Marta states her love  but also her belief.
He does nt love her.
She leaves.
Tomas reads her letter.
Bergman has Marta face the camera and speak the contents of the letter.
She coldly attacks Tomas for his neglect of her  relating a story of.
A rash that disfigured her body repulsed him.
Neither his faith nor his prayers did anything to help her.
Tomas finishes the letter  and falls asleep.
Awakened  Tomas clumsily tries to provide counsel  before finally admitting.
He has no faith as well.
He tells the depressed man - God loved humanity  but Tomas most.
His faith was an egotistical one.
Serving during the Spanish Civil War  Tomas could not reconcile his loving God with the atrocities being committed  so he ignored them.
Tomas finally tells Jonas.
Things make more sense if we deny the existence  because then man s cruelty needs no explanation.
Jonas leaves.
Tomas faces the crucifix and declares himself finally free.
Marta   is overjoyed to hear this  and embraces Tomas.
Who has been lurking.
They are interrupted.
Who tells them that Jonas has just committed suicide.
Tomas drives  alone.
Shot stoically helps the police cover Jonas s body with a tarp  then stands guard while waiting for the van to collect the body.
Arrives shortly.
Marta arrives.
She and Tomas drive off.
Where she invites him in to take some medicine.
Waiting  Tomas finally lashes out at her  telling her first.
He rejected her because he was tired.
Tomas then tells her.
When that fails to deter her affections.
He was tired  and that Marta could never measure up to his late wife  the only woman he has ever loved.
Marta agrees to drive to the Persson house.
Shocked. 
Informed  Karin collapses onto the stairs and wonders.
She and her children will go on.
Tomas makes a perfunctory offer  and leaves.
Arriving at the second church  Tomas and Marta find.
The building empty.
Fredrik tells Marta.
She should leave the small town and Tomas and live her life  rather than stay and have her dreams crushed.
Algot questions Tomas about the Passion.
Algot wonders.
So much emphasis was placed.
He asks  Was nt God s silence worse.
Fredrik and Algot wonder.
They should have a service since no one showed up.
Tomas replies.
Someone has shown up  Marta.
Tomas begins the service.
The film ends.
<EOS>
Ed Malloy  a tough bouncer  is dragged into a twisted web of lies  magic and kung fu by Sam Crain.
<EOS>
Young bachelors and best friends  Fred Flintstone and Barney Rubble share a trailer while trying to find decent girlfriends.
They meet.
A little green alien called the Great Gazoo  who was exiled by his species in order to study the human mating cycle.
Gazoo   decides to follow Fred and Barney to gather information.
Whom only Fred and Barney can see.
Though his superior knowledge and personality annoys them.
Wilma Slaghoople  meanwhile  is living.
Her control-freak mother  Pearl  thinks.
Her daughter s wish to do common things is silly and wants her to marry rich smooth casino-owner Chip Rockefeller.
Wilma angrily storms out of the house and goes to a Bronto King in Bedrock.
Where she is waited on.
Betty mistakenly thinks and offers to share her apartment.
Wilma is a caveless person.
Wilma is also given a job.
They are smitten and manage to talk them into going to a carnival with them.
When Fred and Barney go.
Fred goes.
Betty and Barney goes.
They later exchange girls.
Wilma later takes Fred  Barney  and Betty.
Where Fred intends.
They are all shocked to find out.
They get there.
Wilma comes.
Fred changes his mind.
He meets Chip and realizes what he is up.
Fred and Barney humiliate themselves and Wilma  but Wilma tells everyone.
They walk out.
Chip  however  devises a plan to get Wilma back.
Wilma will leave him.
The four enjoy the start of their trip.
Chip gives them a huge comfortable suite  access to the pool  and spa treatment for Wilma and Betty.
Fred decides to gamble  but never bets any high amount.
Chip and his girlfriend Roxie are visited.
Who reveal that Chip owes their boss a lot.
Chip tells them.
He will soon be married and will use her family s money to pay off his debt  and Gazoo witnesses the entire conversation.
Chip then invites Fred to play poker  and make more money.
Barney tries to prevent Fred.
Chip then tells Barney  and gets Roxie to seduce him into escorting her there.
Fred gets.
Caught up that he forgets that he and Barney were supposed to meet Wilma and Betty for dinner.
Betty sees him wiping cream off and misinterprets.
Looking. 
He is touching her breast.
She begins crying and is approached.
Who is attracted.
She tells him.
Her boyfriend was cheating and he comforts her  then invites her to go out on a date with him  which she accepts.
Fred and Wilma get with gambling.
Wilma breaks up.
Chip then arranges to have Fred lose all.
He won so he will be left.
Wilma runs.
She tells him.
He then tells her.
There have been burglaries and should keep her pearls in a safe.
Fred   goes.
Who has lost all his money.
Chip puts Wilma s pearls.
He then announces.
Someone has stolen the pearls  and tells Fred to empty his pockets  and shows all.
Fred has the pearls.
Security arrests Fred  and Barney as well.
When he tries to help Fred.
Wilma and Chip get back together.
Fred and Barney are visited.
Who tells them.
They realize.
Barney can slip.
He steals the guard s keys and unlocks the cell.
Meanwhile  Wilma and Betty think into tears.
Fred and Barney disguise themselves.
Accidentally run.
Barney tells Betty.
He loves her.
They get back together.
Chip proposes.
As Jagged comes to sing.
It is revealed to be Fred.
He turns around.
He sings.
She realizes.
She still loves him.
He comes off stage and confesses his love and proposes to her.
She rejects Chip and agrees to marry Fred.
Fred and Wilma get married announcing them as man and wife  everyone sings Meet the Flintstones.
Mick Jagged sings Viva Rock Vegas.
Wilma throws back her bouquet.
Betty catches it and looks with a smile on her face.
They kiss.
The newly married Fred and Wilma drive happily away waving them goodbye.
<EOS>
Her elderly fiance has false teeth.
She contemplates suicide.
She is rescued.
Whom she has a baby  which she eventually delivers.
<EOS>
Sivagiri is a bladesmith.
He has a lovable sister named Karpagam.
He runs.
Sivagiri confides.
He wants his sister to be after her marriage.
Sivagiri also nods his acceptance.
When a city guy proposes.
He accompanies the newly weds.
He finds a girl named Shuba welcoming them.
They both fall.
Sivaguru rescues a court witness from Pattasu Balu  a don dominating central Chennai.
He also learns.
Who controls North Chennai  and who is troubling Karpagam s husband s canteen business.
Kannappan gets murdered by a thug named Saniyan Sagada.
Who dominates South Chennai.
Karpagam s husband told sivagiri to leave chennai.
He wants his sister to be happy.
Then   he leaves his home town stating.
He got a job.
But he comes with a mission in Chennai.
Then  he warns Saniyan Sagadai stating.
The latter too will be killed.
He also calls the commissioner and warns him.
He will kill all the thugs as the police department fails in their duty.
Later on  Sivagiri s friend Veluchamy  comes to know.
Who is also an inspector.
Sivagiri challenges Veluchamy.
He will give up his mission if the latter keeps any one thug at least for a single day.
Veluchamy not only fails but also loses his son.
He was killed.
This harsh lesson makes Veluchamy to help Sivagiri.
Thus  Veluchamy lists Sivagiri the entire mafia network by providing the specification of.
Who leads the various areas.
Sivagiri decides first to kill Pattasu Balu.
He goes and kills pattasu balu.
Then  one day  Shuba meets Sivagiri and finds.
He is not working.
But still  Sivagiri manages to make.
Shuba believe that he is working.
Thus  Shuba gets a promise.
He should meet her and spend time quite frequently.
Later on  Sivagiri provokes Panparak Ravi to kill his own brother.
Him think that his brother is the person who is killing people.
Ravi hides himself in a politician s house to be away and safe from the hands of police.
That politician damages his own car and house and makes the police to believe.
Someone has attacked his house.
Thus  the police decide to provide security.
This makes.
Ravi feel happy  considering that Sivagiri ca nt come by fooling all these inspectors and kill him.
Then  Sivagiri s friend inspector Veluchamy finds diplomatically.
Ravi is hiding.
Later on  Sivagiri states.
Who lost their money  that the fraud financier is hiding in the politician s place.
This makes.
Sivagiri enter Ravi s fort and later on Ravi gets killed by Sivagiri successfully.
Later on  Sivagiri decides to kill Saniyan Sagadai and successfully complete his mission.
Thus  Sivagiri warns Sagadai.
This makes Sagadai to seek the protection from Chennai.
Sivagiri uses this.
Thus  Sivagiri ignites a war.
Sivagiri disguises himself and enters the fort of Sagadai.
Veluchamy too helps Sivagiri.
Finally Sivagiri destroys the entire mafia gang before the birth of a new year.
Then  Sivagiri surrenders and later on he gets released after 6 months.
Shuba welcomes Sivagiri  his sister and his sister s husband.
<EOS>
Mr Hobbs is an overworked banker.
Who seeks a quiet seaside vacation.
Is a very dilapidated beach house.
What he finds.
Complications mount up.
His teenage son Danny only wants to watch television.
His youngest daughter Katey  embarrassed  refuses to leave the beach house.
And his grandkids do nt want anything to do.
Furthermore  one is unemployed.
Mr Hobbs must entertain Stan s snooty potential employer.
An older daughter is married.
Who has unorthodox ideas.
Mr Hobbs tries to solve each problem.
He finds time to take Danny on a boating trip.
Where they get very lost but bond as father and son.
He also manages to take Katey.
Where he bribes a handsome young man named Joe to pay attention.
The bird-watcher and his prim wife do nt turn out to be and chaos reigns.
What they seem to be.
But  Joe turns out to be a suitable suitor for Katey.
The family is almost sad to leave the beach and return home.
<EOS>
She has been struggling.
Since Pam Cheney lost her baby.
She is not only supported.
Who have also lost a baby.
One year  Pam decides to finally take a proposal to adopt a toddler.
Going proves unsuccessful  partly due to Pam s age  partly due to the growing demand of adoption.
She is advised to take care instead.
Sean refuses this option.
Instead  she meets a lawyer.
Pays him a large sum of money to meet with a homeless couple  Gary and Lily Ward.
Who are selling their daughter Emily.
He allows his wife to meet.
Though Sean has severe doubts and the morality of this kind of adoption.
It immediately becomes clear to Pam.
Ella is unwilling to give up Emily.
Ella insists that she wants the best.
Gary allows Pam and Sean to adopt their kid.
Pam is delighted and soon grows used.
Trouble starts.
When Gary and Lily  having recently been thrown out  demand to take back Emily  pointing out that the contract allows them to change their minds for the first thirty days after the adoption.
Pam is desperate to prevent this.
Grants Gary his one wish  she buys him a car.
Though the contract forbids her to support Gary and Lily financially.
Hoping  she keeps the deal a secret.
This has changed Gary s mind.
However   Sean feels  Gary and Lily are con artists.
When Gary returns  demanding.
His doubts are confirmed.
He wants to give up Emily.
He and Pam get involved too much emotionally.
It proves too late  Pam is unwilling to leave Emily.
Alternatively  she recognizes Gary and persuades Lily to leave him.
He agrees.
Gary is able to seduce Lily - now pregnant again - back.
Meanwhile  Ella   convinces Terry to give parenthood another chance.
Who accompanied Pam where she met with Lily and became moved by a poor orphan.
They meet.
Lily commits.
Later finds out.
Gary has granted the adoption.
Realizing  she leaves him to be beaten.
Her husband is no good.
Sometime later  Lily gives birth.
Gary shows up to claim Emily and the boy.
Lily  however  convinces him and should be brought up.
They are bad parents.
Gary leaves the hospital  leaving his children behind with the adoptive parents.
<EOS>
Chandni is.
Who desires to come out.
She finds a shortcut to be rich and sets off.
Is to marry a rich man.
She meets a man and asks him to marry her.
Whose stands he is a rich man.
But she finds.
He is not a rich man she dumps him immediately.
The man is actually Neeraj.
Who aims to become a playback singer.
He steps every possible studio to meet musicians to get a chance.
He can not succeed.
Chandni lands.
She plans to settle Doctor Rana.
To let her stay.
Dr Rana finds and allows her.
Chandni is an innocent village girl.
Chandni takes the incharge and dismisses the servants.
Annoys Rana.
But he feel good after his wife s death.
Neeraj attempts to get a chance.
Whose brother is a musician.
He poses to her but gets caught him.
When he goes to Dr Rana as Chandni exposes.
Neeraj gets angry and oaths to ruin her plans.
Scares Chandni.
Chandni plans to make Dr Rana propose to her.
Neeraj gets frustrated to be a singer.
He meets a famous film actress Saritha and request her get a chance.
Saritha invites him stay.
He goes.
Saritha actually plans to marry him and not to get chance.
He gets out.
When Neeraj finds this.
As he does not want to marry Saritha.
The reason is.
When he analysed.
He loves ChandniDr.
Neeraj proposes Chandni.
She refuses.
Want to marry a rich man to get out.
Neeraj repeatedly attempts to win her love.
Finally Chandni accepts him.
Chandni finds.
Dr Rana actually has love and feels bad for her immatured acts.
Neeraj manages to get a chance to sing.
He. 
He got out.
He meets and loses his voice.
Doctor Rana dies.
Chandni is again back.
He goes away unwilling to be burdern.
When Chandni meets Neeraj.
Neeraj dumped her because she is a poor girl.
Neeraj decides to make Chandni a playback singer and support her.
Chandni becomes a famous singer.
Expected. 
She hates Neeraj.
Would Chandni come to know about Neeraj.
<EOS>
A janitor Jake Rogers wakes up next with no memory of.
Who he is and how he got there  but gradually comes to believe he is a secret undercover agent  and after fleeing the hotel and meeting his wife Diane and girlfriend Jake goes.
<EOS>
Ernest is working at a golf range in Valdosta  Georgia  but fantasizes about being a war hero.
A friend tells him.
If he joins the Army  he will get to drive large vehicles and never have to go.
He enlists  but is deployed.
Where his unit has to save the country.
Ernest and his team investigates a dictator.
He began.
Who was responsible.
Suddenly  he finds a lost boy and has to keep him safe.
His father is found.
<EOS>
Archie Andrews   has become a successful lawyer and is getting ready to marry his fiancee  Pam  and move to the big city.
However  he returns home to Riverdale for his high school reunion.
Archie and company are all now  with the trials and tribulations  Betty  a grade school teacher  is constantly bossed around by her crummy boyfriend  Robert.
One might expect to have happened.
Veronica  having lived since graduation  has been married four times.
Jughead  now a psychiatrist  is also a divorce.
Jughead carries emotional baggage.
Manifests itself.
This is played.
When it turns out that Big Ethel is no longer the gangly  awkward teenager she once was but is now a striking beauty.
Moose and Midge have gotten married and become chiropractors.
They also have a son  Max.
Who hits it off.
Threatening his engagement.
When Archie sees Betty and Veronica  all his old feelings for them come flooding back.
It does nt help.
The girls renew their pursuit that he has a fiancee.
Meanwhile  Archie also tries to keep gym owner Reggie  helped along  from evicting Pop Tate from his soda shop.
Archie ultimately saves the Chock ` lit Shoppe.
He loses Pam  and decides to stay in Riverdale.
<EOS>
The film is split  Xixo trying to find his lost children Two elephant poachers traveling in a truck starts with two elephant poachers crossing the area.
Which Xixo s children are stuck A zoologist and a lawyer stranded fighting each other The story.
Which Xixo s tribe lives.
Curious Xiri and daughter Xisa climb into the water tank trailer and are subsequently taken for an involuntary ride.
The poachers continue.
Xixo follows the truck.
A young lawyer named.
Ann Taylor arrives to participate in a lecture.
She accepts the invitation to take a joy ride in his two-seat  twin engined ultralight aircraft.
She has some spare time.
They go to see scientist Dr Stephen Marshall.
Who exchanges places so he and Ann can continue on.
The plane crashes  stranding them.
War is brewing  personified by a lost Cuban soldier and his Angolan enemy.
Who repeatedly attempt to take each other prisoner.
All these people cross paths with Xixo and/or his children.
Finally  the plot culminates.
Xixo manages to save them.
One   gives Xixo directions to his children.
Who is actually a nice guy kept.
The boss poacher is captured  both soldiers come without further violence  Taylor and Marshall return to civilization.
Xixo and his family are happily reunited.
<EOS>
Olivier  a carpenter  knowingly takes on Francis Thorion  the murderer of his son  as an apprentice.
Who teaches.
Francis is unaware from five years ago.
Olivier  tormented from his wife  develops a slight obsession with Francis.
He stalks him home  steals his keys and explores his apartment.
Slowly discovering more.
Francis looks up  seeing him as a surrogate.
Olivier is ultimately torn between hatred for the murderer of his son and the moral ambiguity of accepting this child from a broken home and disillusioned past.
<EOS>
The story begins sometime with Valtor defeated.
The magical dimension safe.
An unseen narrator begins to speak.
Who discovered that she was a fairy and a princess  Bloom.
It is one.
Her story is a magical one.
The story will only have one.
When the girl writes the.
E. 
Creates the ending.
The scene changes to show six cloaked figures  the Winx.
Bloom and her friends are.
Could change Bloom s life forever.
The girls are.
Who once forged the Sword.
The girls successfully sneak but due to Stella s mistake  are forced to battle Hagen s robot guards.
Fortunately  Bloom ends the battle.
Hagen then holds Bloom in anger for the Winx girls trespassing his castle.
Faragonda arrives to stop him.
Bloom  Hagen and Faragonda talk in her office.
Faragonda explains.
Some fairies are leaving the school to end their journey and become Guardian Fairies  All except Bloom  as her Enchantix is still dangerously incomplete.
Bloom then asks Hagen.
He can sense the sword that he forged.
Hagen states.
He has been searching to find her parents  but has not sensed it at all.
Hagen tells her  her birth parents are not coming back.
She must face reality.
Bloom  faced  runs off in tears and avoids her friends.
Her dreams are over.
She goes.
Where she watches the graduation ceremony.
There  she befriends a small cat.
She appears.
Whom she names Purr.
Talking  she explains  there is no more hope.
She feels that the world has lost all it s colors.
Sadly  she sees her five best friends become Guardian Fairies and graduate.
Whispering  she turns away.
She loves them.
Sky appears and comforts her.
Bloom is upset.
All she and the Winx have done wo nt matter any more.
Sky however tells her  School might be.
Life goes on.
Riven also speaks  asking him.
He left the Company.
Hagen explains  the key is keeping the darkness.
They all have darkness and light.
That night  there is a party and Bloom dances on the grounds.
He encourages her to keep looking despite Hagen s words.
Unfortunately  a ship arrives.
Sky is forced to leave.
He promises Bloom.
He goes.
He will explain everything and never leave her.
Back  the girls decide to remember the good times by partying together one last time.
The next morning  Bloom leaves to stay with her adoptive parents for the.
Mike feels.
She seems happy.
Bloom is uncomfortable living.
Vanessa agrees  stating  This is not her world anymore.
One night  Bloom sees.
What happened.
Her father was pulled by the Ancestral witches.
Her mother absorbed herself in order to be with him.
Daphne then appears and tells Bloom  their parents are still alive.
There is still hope.
She gives Bloom her mask  telling her it will help her to see Domino.
It was destroyed.
She also tells her  a book.
Their father  Oritel  kept that tells the whole entire history.
Daphne gives Bloom its location.
She vanishes  telling Bloom that she is not alone.
The restoration triggers the sword of King Oritel  deep within the Obsidian Circle.
Its glow troubles the spectral  spiritual forms.
They believed they destroyed all.
Obsidian s Keeper  Mandragora  appears.
She can search.
The witches agree.
Bloom is surprised to see all of her friends plus Sky.
There to celebrate her birthday.
Bloom tells them her plan.
They all agree to help her.
They head.
Where Bloom wears the mask and finds that Domino was actually a beautiful place before it was destroyed and covered.
The group head.
Where the book is hidden.
A legendary bird named the Roc is guarding the library.
The boys climb the mountain but thanks s arguing  the Roc awakens and flies off with the guys hanging on for dear life.
The girls run and manage to calm the bird with Musa s music and let it land.
They meet Bartelby  Oritel s scribe in spiritual form.
Who shows them the Book.
They discover.
Oritel as well as all the people are trapped in a horrible dimension called Obsidian.
Bloom learns.
She must travel there to free them.
Wanting to learn more  Bartelby lets her turn the page but discovers jumbled words  the future has not yet been written.
Meanwhile  Riven is bitten and becomes her puppet.
Alfea is attacked by Mandragora.
The Winx  Mirta  the teachers and Faragonda are able to stop her.
Bloom asks Faragonda to tell her more about its cruel nature.
All the nightmares are within it.
Bloom looks and is shocked to see her parents wedding photo turn into a picture of her and Sky at the altar.
Before they leave.
Throwing the book aside  the picture changes into everyone fixing the school.
Soon comes true.
The group head.
Where they enter the Tree.
Only Bloom stays and can not miniaturize.
As she is not yet a guardian fairy.
Unfortunately  Jolly triggers an explosion.
Causes the keys to become jumbled.
Thankfully  Lockette finds the correct key.
They all head.
Mandragora appears.
The girls enter.
Riven begins to battle Sky.
Musa jumps and is injured.
He is about to stab him.
Riven sees.
What he has done and recalls all that they have been through together.
He lifts her up and tells her.
They kiss passionately.
The girls battle their greatest fears but survive.
Next  Bloom sees a figure.
Looks. 
The Ancestral Witches tell her.
The figure is her father frozen as all inhabitants of her planet.
The witches force her to make a choice.
Luckily  Bloom sees.
Her father is not sneezing as he pets Ron-her father is allergic to cats - and realizes that it is a trick.
Sky arrives moments later and takes the sword  but supposedly dies.
He is not a king.
Only a king can take the sword.
Feeling all alone  Bloom is ready to give up.
When Daphne appears and reminds her that she is never alone.
Bloom wears the mask.
Daphne joins to destroy the witches.
However  Mandragora returns and  using her body  the Ancestral Witches begin to strangle Bloom.
Sky stabs Mandragora  destroying her and the entire Obsidian Circle  freeing everyone and placing Miriam back in fairy form.
Sky explains.
He is now King and that his coronation was the night he left Bloom at Alfea.
Domino is restored.
Bloom is finally reunited.
There is a party afterwards.
Where Oritel and Miriam promise Bloom that they will be around.
Mike and Vanessa are there too and Bloom hugs them affectionately.
Oritel begins the traditional father-daughter dance but lets Bloom dance.
Sky swings by Brandon and Stella and takes a beautiful blue and silver box from Brandon.
Moving away  Sky shows her a diamond ring.
Leaning down  he whispers quietly  asking her.
She will marry him.
Happier than ever  Bloom accepts and kisses him passionately.
He proposes again.
Bartelby then appears  telling the audience.
There is a new Company.
However  the three Ancestral Witches have not been destroyed.
Instead  they were freed and are finding new bodies to take over and destroy the Winx.
They are shown.
Could imply that they have taken.
<EOS>
It is the year.
India gets her first female defence Minister.
Who declares that the all-male infantry division has to allow women.
Are there any women.
The infantry will never be the same again  Written  the film will release in.
<EOS>
A raw Welsh novelist is humiliated by a money-loving Frenchwoman.
Who erotically ensnares him.
<EOS>
A Korean patriarch refuses to obey the law to change the family s name to a Japanese name.
Tani  a member  is sent to persuade Sol to comply with the order.
Tani is conflicted to Sol s daughter.
<EOS>
Retired detective Charlie Chan is asked by the San Francisco police to solve a new series of murders.
His son Lee is   by his side.
Prime suspect.
The killings is a shady lady known.
Soon Chan s suspicions fall elsewhere.
<EOS>
Edward is.
He is quitting his job  doing volunteer educational work to promote safe sex and combat the spread of AIDS.
To see him off  his mother Patricia and sister Cynthia have organized a family vacation and bon voyage party in the Isles of Scilly in a cottage.
They often rented years before.
An invitation has also been extended.
Who appears to have expressed the vague intention.
His mother and sister have deemed this a family-only vacation and have forbidden Edward to bring Chloe  his girlfriend  much.
They have nonetheless invited some outsiders  Christopher  a local artist.
Who has been hired to teach Patricia how to paint the beautiful surrounding landscapes.
And bizarrely   Patricia has hired a professional cook  Rose to prepare all their meals and clean.
Though there will only ever be three.
Things start to fall.
The trip quickly turns.
Edward starts to wonder.
His mother and sister have created this whole vacation.
He seems all too ready to be talked out.
He actually does nt have the smallest idea what to do and comes close to trying and seducing Rose.
The bitter brother-sister relationship boil over over the course of the vacation.
It comes  but it is insisted.
Edward thinks that not inviting Rose to sit at the table is ridiculous.
Because Rose has been hired  asking her to join them would be uncomfortable.
To make up  they invite her to a restaurant meal.
Where Cynthia spoils it.
Edward s African trip begins to look unlikely  upstaged  so beautiful and exotic.
Rose decides to leave earlier.
She had planned.
She leaves a note in the kitchen.
Edward finds.
Towards the end Edward and Cynthia reconcile and and say goodbye to the house and rejoin their lives back in reality.
<EOS>
This story takes place.
Where the successful and controversial defense attorney Earl Rogers is known.
His father  the Reverend Rogers  instilled moral values.
Rogers puts during the trial.
He has a beautiful and faithful woman named Belle  and daughter Nora.
<EOS>
Paula Tessier is a 40-year-old interior designer.
Who has been the mistress of Roger Demarest  a philandering business executive who refuses to stop seeing other women.
He falls with her and insists.
When Paula meets Philip  the 25-year-old son of her wealthy clients.
The age difference will not matter.
Paula resists the young man s advances  but finally succumbs.
When Roger initiates yet another affair.
Her friends and business associates disapprove.
She is initially happy.
<EOS>
Ali Hassan is a reporter.
He is keen to migrate for a better life and wants to work for an American news channel.
He gets a chance to fly  but ruins it on board while filming his own audition.
He recites the words Hijack and Bomb too many times  thus scaring his fellow.
As soon  he is deported immediately.
He reaches the USA.
Furthermore  his visa application is refused six times in seven years.
He comes upon an idea to make a fake Osama tape.
Covering a local event.
He manages to convince his assistant Gul.
He is able to make the tape by tricking Noora into unknowingly posing as Bin Laden.
He then sells the tape  hoping to raise money for a new false identity  a new passport and a renewed attempt at getting the elusive US visa.
However  the gravity strikes them.
When the US Government takes the tape seriously and gets involved.
Do the Pakistani intelligence agencies.
Noora too comes to know and goes into a hiding.
Ali decides to diffuse the situation.
Which Osama would be declaring ceasefire.
He manages to convince Noora and Qureshi.
Noora unwittingly detonates a grenade.
Kills his beloved cock.
Depressed  Noora runs away on him  forcing Ali and his team to follow suit.
They manage to get hold and try to convince him for another shoot.
Meanwhile  the FBI team  led  head of the Pakistani intelligence agency track down the location of Ali and his team and with their help  the police arrests Noora  Ali and his team.
Ted is delirious.
He could at last catch Osama bin Laden.
However   the truth is revealed.
To save Ted s face  Ali convinces him.
The film ends.
Ali is at last able to make it.
Noora too changes his lifestyle  marries Zoya and helps her.
<EOS>
Last season  the Cleveland Indians won the division title.
They were defeated by the Chicago White Sox.
The success has changed the attitudes of the Indians.
Pitching sensation Ricky Wild Thing Vaughn is now a bland yuppie concerned  causing him to lose the edge on his fastball.
Home run hitter Pedro Cerrano underwent a spiritual conversion  to placid Buddhism.
Affects his competitive spirit.
Conceited player Roger Dorn retired and bought the team.
Aging catcher Jake Taylor has also retired to become one.
Who work.
And Willie Mays Hayes is still as fast.
He has added some power from performing stunts in his new movie.
However  Dorn signs arrogant power hitting catcher Jack Parkman.
Minor league catcher Rube Baker makes the team out  despite his throwing problem.
The Indians get off  as egos clash.
The signing has put Dorn in a financially tough spot  as well as putting a strain on the clubhouse  so Dorn trades Parkman to the Chicago White Sox  the team.
Defeated the Indians last season  keeping them from the World Series.
The Indians receive Isuro Kamikaze Tanaka  a gifted left fielder with a penchant for crashing into the walls.
Dorn  still short  sells the team back to Rachel  but is retained as General Manager.
He then announces his comeback  but can not regain his former form.
Rachel sees this.
What happened last season.
Them have a losing season this time.
He gets Jake to take over.
When Lou has a heart attack.
Baker and Tanaka aid Hayes and Cerrano regain their competitiveness.
The Indians begin to win again.
A notable turning point comes after an emotional victory in Game 2 of a double-header against the Boston Red Sox.
The Indians clinch the division  giving the team their second consecutive division title.
They go on to face the Chicago White Sox.
The Indians take a 3-0 lead.
Jack Parkman scorches the Indians forcing a Game.
Vaughn finds the Wild Thing  and retires Parkman for the final out.
The Indians would go on to defeat the White Sox sending them.
<EOS>
The film largely stays true.
It begins Meyer moored underneath a bridge while fishing.
When a young woman is thrown.
McGee dives in and saves.
To be surprised when she adamantly insists that there be no contacting the police.
She admits.
The reason was her involvement in a prostitution ring and a murder scheme.
The trio eventually travels to investigate the still-continuing murderers  and lure rich  lonely men traveling on Caribbean cruises in to their confidence.
Who work.
The climax involves McGee and Meyer dismantling the operation.
<EOS>
It is Dug s birthday.
This Golden Retriever wishes.
Alpha  Beta and Gamma run.
Irritated  they come up with special missions for Dug to help capture the bird.
However  these are just ploys to keep Dug out.
Alpha assigns Dug to watch a large rock and make sure.
It does nt move.
It is the bird s favorite rock.
Dug accidentally causes a pebble to roll down an incline and topple the large boulder.
Nearly crushes Alpha  Beta and Gamma.
He is then told to sit and wait.
Dug starts sinking down the hole.
The three dogs leave him there.
Turns out to have quicksand.
Dug falls and ends up falling on top of the three dogs right.
They are stalking Kevin.
Dug is then assigned to sit.
They re standing to fall.
When Dug jumps.
Numerous scenes follow getting caught or captured by traps intended for Kevin  due to actions of Dug as a result of commands given to him by Alpha.
The trio is scooped up  then they are shot with darts.
Of which hits Beta  knocking him out.
Dug then runs.
Alpha  Beta and Gamma chase.
The rocks fall down.
The three scream.
Alpha contacts Charles Muntz in his airship to report.
Dug has caused them to not capture the bird and that he is a bad dog.
Dug  feeling dismayed  suddenly sees Muntz s Spirit.
Fearful and emotionally hurt  Dug runs off.
Gamma and Beta talk to Dug and comment on  Beta sarcastically wishes Dug a happy birthday.
He is gon na get it now.
Sad and lonely  Dug runs off.
He sees a rock.
Resembles a turtle  followed.
He asks.
When he hears a voice saying I see you back there.
The man is okay.
Dug then realizes.
He has received his birthday wish  a new master.
The clouds clear  the sun comes out.
Dug sits proudly.
The short comes full circle.
It reflects the point when Dug is introduced.
Russell notices him and briefly thinks.
Dug is a rock.
Dug says Hi there.
<EOS>
The film opens.
Who operate a local store.
The man discovers Darius dead in his bedroom with Lawrence sitting on the couch unable to speak.
Lawrence then walks and shoots himself in the chest.
He survives.
It is revealed that Darius committed suicide.
Depressed and unable to return.
He owns.
He shared.
Meanwhile  James  Darius  estranged pubescent son  steals Lawrence s gun and holds him to buy crack.
James and his mother  Marlee  are targeted.
A failing to repay debts.
Unable to return home  Marlee confronts Lawrence and moves into Darius  vacant apartment.
James convinces Lawrence to buy them food.
She is fired as a cleaner.
He does.
Bound  the trio form a defacto family  determined to move forward  starting with Marlee convincing Lawrence to let her run the store.
The pair loosely decides to raise James together  to keep James away from the negative influences.
Led him in the first place.
The film ends.
When Lawrence discovers that ammunition is missing.
He confronts James  fearing  only to find  to prevent Lawrence.
He has found himself another gun.
James had thrown the bullets.
<EOS>
A Hong Kong assassin  Ah Jong  is.
Accidentally damages flash.
The eyes named Jennie with a muzzle.
Ah Jong begins to watch Jennie perform at the nightclub and escorts her home.
When she is attacked.
Jennie and Ah Jong begin to fall during his frequent visits at her apartment.
Driven to help her secure the money  he accepts one final hit.
A police detective  Li Ying  spots Ah Jong completing the job.
The Triad leader Hay Wong Hoi double crosses Ah Jong  and instead  sends a group of hitmen to kill him.
A young child is injured by a stray bullet.
Ah Jong rushes the child to the hospital while being followed by Li and his partner Sgt.
Tsang.
Ah Jong escapes Li and Tsang.
The child regains consciousness.
Li becomes obsessed.
He and Tsang find out Ah Jong visits Jennie  they plan to arrest him the next time.
He visits her.
Ah Jong visits Jennie and is caught.
Which he manages to scramble away.
Li and Tsang explain to Jennie.
Ah Jong was the assassin that blinded her.
Ah Jong meets and demands his payment for finishing the job.
Fung Sei brings a suitcase.
Who discovers it to be filled before finding himself in the middle of a Triad ambush.
He kills all  but leaves Fung Sei alive.
The next day   Ah Jong does a hit-and-run  wounding the Triad leader and killing his driver and bodyguard.
Fung Sei s pleas fall on deaf ears.
Li begins  Tsang is killed after revealing the location of his home.
Tsang follows Fung Sei.
Fung Sei leaves a large stockpile of weaponry for Ah Jong.
The home is another ambush  Li is first to attack.
Li gets caught.
Ah Jong and Li flee.
They find themselves bonding and becoming friends.
Ah Jong s wounds are mended.
Ah Jong tells Li  otherwise  he is to use Ah Jong s money to fly her overseas to have her surgery performed.
Should anything happen  Li should either have Ah Jong s eyes donated for Jennie s surgery.
Li  Ah Jong  and Jennie wait to return with Ah Jong s money.
Fung Sei arrives.
Who have followed him.
He is mortally wounded.
When the hitmen barge.
He and Li engage all over the church.
Ah Jong ends Fung Sei s misery.
The battle ends.
Ah Jong manages to wound Wong Hoi.
The Triad leader lands two bullets before the latter dies of his wounds.
Wong Hoi begs to be taken.
When a police squadron arrives.
Frustrated  Li fatally shoots Wong Hoi before he.
Himself is arrested.
<EOS>
The film opens.
The Turkish soldiers believe  but a sudden change occurs.
They are having an ordinary visit.
11 allied.
Turkish special forces soldiers and 13 civilians are arrested  in the northern Iraqi Kurdistan town of Sulaymaniyah.
They are forced to wear hoods while  and are released some time later.
A Turkish officer  Suleyman Aslan  a member  unable to bear the shame of  commits suicide.
What happened.
He writes a letter to his friend  Polat Alemdar.
Alemdar is a former Turkish intelligence agent.
Who has recently severed links.
Determined to avenge his friend s humiliation  Alemdar travels to Iraq along  seeking vengeance on the American commander.
Whose actions led.
Alemdar and his team kill.
Three Iraqi Kurdish paramilitary troops called Peshmerge.
They attach explosives.
Which they demand Colonel Sam William Marshall  who was responsible  come.
Polat wants him to put a sack and to publicly leave the hotel with him  allowing journalists to take photos  taking the same insult.
When Marshall arrives.
He committed.
The group threatens to blow up the hotel.
Marshall and some let themselves be led out of the hotel while hooded.
Marshall refuses and brings.
Alemdar gives in and leaves.
Marshall raids an Arab wedding.
One soldier states  Now they are shooting  now they are terrorists  they attack a wedding party  the barrel.
When the usual celebratory gunfire starts.
Where a small child named Ali sticks a branch up.
The soldier just hushes the boy away  the second time  he opens fire and afterwards looks astonished.
He sees the little child dead.
The rest  beat up the bride  shoot the groom  the guests and children.
The survivors are captured and forced and sent to Abu Ghraib prison.
En route  an American soldier complains.
The prisoners might be suffocating.
One then fires on the truck  spraying the detainees with bullets.
See  now they wo nt suffocate  he says.
He is promptly shot.
When the soldier threatens to report the incident.
A group of American soldiers  among them the sole female Westerner in the film  is making naked human pyramids from those arrested in the wedding  aided by an Arab interpreter.
The prisoners are washed in.
What appears to be cattle stalls.
The execution of a Western journalist by Iraqi rebels is about to take place.
The sheikh Abdurrahman Halis Karkuki   prevents it  and offers the journalist the opportunity to kill the rebel.
Who is esteemed.
Who was about to kill him.
The rebel does not resist.
The journalist declines the offer.
Thereafter  the bride talked out by the Sheikh.
Who survived the earlier massacre  Leyla  wants revenge  but is.
Leyla hurries.
Where Clnel.
Marshall is having a meeting.
She arrives too late.
Alemdar and his men   are led to safety.
Who are there to assassinate Marshall.
Alemdar and his team then attempt to kill Marshall again.
Is being delivered as a gift.
The bomb explodes prematurely.
Marshall survives.
Alemdar and Leyla then go  to meet the sheikh.
Marshall tracks them down  however.
A big firefight ensues.
The entire village and mosque are destroyed.
Together they manage to kill Marshall.
Leyla is also killed.
<EOS>
The film tells the tale  a country girl played by Mila del Sol   after being infatuated with images of Hollywood and the attention lavished on her by the son of the wealthy hacienda owner.
Who begins to sing American songs.
Actor Ely Ramos plays the son.
Who is also the bandleader.
She finds fame  and moves.
Eventually  she becomes disillusioned  and returns  singing Filipino music.
She also returns.
<EOS>
The film is set.
<EOS>
Wandering sorceresses Lina Inverse and Naga the Serpent get involved.
Lina sides.
Naga joins Marlene s side.
<EOS>
One single mother barely supporting her handicapped son.
The other  a working mom precariously balancing her family - on one extraordinary day.
Each woman s life frays and spirals out of control.
Pieces fall into place - maybe this was nt just a tragic car accident after all.
Police officers race to save them.
Both women fight.
Ultimately  only one will survive.
All.
Where one woman cuts off another.
Beth Welland is a divorced woman working as secretary in a law firm having problems with her boss and also financial difficulties to raise her ten year old handicapped beloved son  Benji.
Beth s life is completely affected.
When she is cut off by the executive Diana Burke and misses the last exit in a highway  arriving late to her job.
Meanwhile  Diana is  depending on her presentation to an important client to be promoted in the company  but having family problems at home  with her unemployed husband  two teenagers and a secret pregnancy.
Where she works.
This incident early will entwine and affect their lives and destinies.
<EOS>
Sam Alexander  a fun loving automobile workshop cum garage owner is more keen than running his business.
A theater addict  Sam  along  is now working on Shakuntahlam  the famous play by Kalidas.
Gracy Kutty  his mother is too worried.
Who was supposed to play the role.
Accidentally  one day  he meets up.
Whom he fell with.
He attempts all methods to woo her.
Finally she falls in.
Sam casts her.
She unwillingly agrees without the knowledge of her parents.
Sreedevi  daughter  of the rich businessman in the city  thus acts in the drama.
Both Sam and Sreedevi are caught red handed by Vishnu Menon  her brother.
Ravindran Nair  the I.
G.
Had plans of getting his son Rajkumar married to Sreedevi.
That he could own up a huge part.
Sam is beaten up by police.
Once out  both Sam and Sreedevi elopes away and spend a few days away from the worries.
The duo are again caught by Menon.
Sam is arrested and is jailed.
He comes to know  but has no way to save the kid.
Sreedevi is pregnant.
Sreedevi is pregnant.
Once  she gives birth  the attitude of Menon and Vishnu changes.
They started looking upon him.
But  sensing danger  Ravindran Nair sends Rajkumar to kidnap and kill the kid.
Vishnu realizes the plan and tries to save his sister and kid.
Sam escapes from jail and reaches out the house.
Where Sreedevi stays.
She attempts to commit suicide to escape from Kumar  but is saved miraculously by Sam.
Who makes a dramatic entry.
He defeats Kumar and saves the kid.
Menon and Vishnu happily get both united.
<EOS>
Charlie Drake plays an honest locksmith.
Whose problem is that he can not resist the challenge.
He gets smoothtalked.
He is duped into opening a car and safe  and lands in jail for a year.
He is released  but gets trapped again.
He finds himself  and receives a three year jail sentence and an undeserved reputation as a master thief.
He helps trap the crooks and clear his name.
<EOS>
A mother gives birth.
Unfortunately  they are separated.
One ends up in neighbouring Pakistan and grows up a devout Muslim named Tauheed.
The other grows up as a Hindu named Ajay.
Both find themselves on the opposite side  and must battle each other.
The only way is.
They can unite.
Who himself has become the target.
<EOS>
Mike  a 15-year-old school leaver  finds a job.
There he is trained.
Who is ten years his senior.
Working turns out to involve providing services to clients of a more or less sexual nature  in exchange for a tip.
An older woman is sexually stimulated by pulling his hair and suggestively about football.
Mike is confused.
Does not want to accept the tip he gets.
Susan tells him.
These services are a normal practice  for his male clients  whenever a client prefers the opposite sex.
Mike falls with Susan  and follows her in the night.
Her fiance takes her.
Mike follows them and takes a seat.
He touches her breasts.
She plays being disturbed.
Her fiance leaves.
The auditorium to warn the manager  but when he is gone Susan kisses Mike  and shows being amused.
Mike is pleased and relieved.
He is nevertheless questioned.
However  Susan and her fiance leave  so the police let.
Him go.
The police now blames the manager.
He promises to have a severe talk  and gives the two officers a drink.
Settles matters.
The fiance follows Mike to take revenge.
Mike tells a police officer.
Who questions the fiance.
Subsequently Mike discovers.
Susan is cheating.
Who was Mike s PE teacher.
Who he touches inappropriately.
Mike is jealous and smashes the fire alarm  cutting his hand.
Mike goes to the club.
Susan told she would go with her fiance.
He has to become a member.
To enter  but while considering this Susan and her fiance leave.
He quickly hides.
He hangs around and finds  in front of a strip club  a topless cardboard cut-out of a girl.
May or may not be Susan.
He is uncomfortable and steals it  he hides in a room of a brothel  and is welcomed by a prostitute with a leg cast.
Who offers her services.
Mike declines   drink and emotions.
Which she complains that she has already provided him her time.
He leaves anyway.
He confronts Susan with the picture.
She neither confirms nor denies.
It is her.
He returns.
Where nobody is around because it is night  and swims nakedly.
Mike joins the PE teacher s running race and puts pieces of a broken bottle under his car s tyres  puncturing them.
When Susan drives.
She discovers.
Mike did this and hits him  losing the diamond.
Mike helps her to collect the snow.
Where the diamond might have fallen.
They take it to melt it.
The pool area has no wall sockets  Mike connects the wires.
They melt the ice.
Meanwhile the coach arrives  upset  Susan tells him indifferently.
She lost the car keys she borrowed.
He leaves angrily.
Mike finds the diamond and lies down naked with the diamond on his tongue.
When Susan is.
He gives the diamond.
She undresses.
Which she is about to leave.
She reconsiders and lies down next.
Mike says.
He is sorry.
Susan says.
It does not matter.
Meanwhile an attendant has arrived.
Who  unaware  fills the pool with water by opening a valve.
Susan is about to leave.
Mike wants her to stay  and the large ceiling lamp at her  severely injuring her.
She falls unconscious.
A tin is knocked over by the swinging lamp  mixing with Susan s blood.
Mike embraces the dying Susan underwater.
Both are still nude.
<EOS>
Francesco  the spoiled son  returns home from fighting in the war between Assisi and Perugia.
Struck.
Has forced him to leave the war.
When he was a boisterous  arrogant youth.
He slowly finds God in the midst of all  in poverty  chastity and obedience  experiencing a recovery not only of his body but of his soul.
Healthy again  Francesco returns as a rich young man.
However   he begins to spend lots of time surrounded by nature  flowers  trees  animals and poetry.
He becomes more and more reluctant to resume his prior life style.
Pietro s obsession now fills Francesco with revulsion  creating an open confrontation between Francesco and Pietro.
Francesco rebuffs offers to take and throws the textiles out of the window.
Pietro  frustrated  beats Francesco and humiliates him.
Francesco renounces all his worldly possessions and his noble family name Bernardone and leaves Assisi naked and free.
Francesco goes.
Where he hears God s voice asking him to restore it.
Much  Francesco gradually gains a following amongst the poor and the suffering.
His friend Bernardo happily joins him.
Left him.
Two other friends  Silvestro and Giocondo  admiring Francesco s new life style  help to rebuild the chapel of San Damiano.
Clare  a beautiful young woman  serves and cares for lepers of the community.
She joins the brothers.
The high classes of nobility  including the Bishop  protest against Francesco and his group  worried about them corrupting the whole of Assisi s youth.
They command Francesco s friend Paolo to hinder and stop the so-called minor brothers.
One day the chapel is set by the establishment.
One is dead.
Francesco decides to walk to the Vatican in Rome to ask Pope Innocent III for advice.
Once  Francesco becomes stunned by the enormous wealth  power  lust and emptiness.
Surrounds the throne.
Peter.
Francesco breaks.
When brought to face the Pope.
Christ s words are totally opposite.
Francesco and his friends are jailed  and  finally accepting his admiration toward Francesco  Paolo decides to join them  revealing to Francesco.
Ashamed he is to be dressed in front of a humble and kind man dressed as a beggar.
Apparently convinced  the Pope orders Francesco and his friends to be brought back.
S astonishment  the Pope kisses Francesco s feet and blesses him and his companions  wishing for them a long world-wide society of men and women willing to serve God in just that way.
Some place the sincerity of the Pope s display in question   Do nt be alarmed  his holiness knows.
The words speak.
What he is doing.
This is the man.
Who will speak  and bring them back to us.
The film finishes.
<EOS>
The plot focuses during World War II.
Who helped to save the lives from the Holocaust by lodging them in Spanish safe houses in Budapest.
There s also a romantic storyline.
Who falls with the daughter of an Arrow Cross official.
He slowly turns to save themselves.
<EOS>
The film takes place in present day Frankfurt  Germany.
Miriam Kreisl is a young schoolteacher.
Who narrowly misses her car hitting an old man carrying a box.
Reluctantly  she takes.
Is. 
What she does nt know.
Their meeting is no accident.
Moebius is the elder.
She has been chosen to give birth.
<EOS>
There is no real plot.
Faces of Death IV provides over 50 gory scenes of dying  murder  accidents  police brutality  execution  cult rituals  and other macabre events.
Some include a bungee jumping trip gone awry  a magician s fatal mishap with a Houdini trick  a mechanic  a Satanic ritual and more.
Who has his left leg severed.
Ends. 
John Alan Schwartz cameos yet again.
The earlier films were of a more serious nature and tone   Dr Louis Flellis sits at his desk in front of a glowing red lava lamp  with a plastic skeletal foot on the desk in front of him during introductions to most sequences.
Whereas this installment leans more.
Flellis is also shown eating a plate immediately before showing slaughterhouse footage.
<EOS>
Mann Kapoor lives a middle-class lifestyle.
He wants to be a singer but is unable to secure any firm to back him up.
He would like to be represented.
He successfully woos.
Order to do this.
His attractive daughter  Radha  gets her to fall with him  and in this way secures a contract to make an album with her dad s company.
His friends arrange.
Head with Roma Fernandes  also an upcoming singer and dancer.
Partying he meets and falls.
Roma also falls with him  but is.
When she finds out that he is.
Torn he made with Radha  a lovelorn Mann returns home - not knowing and weds her at any and all costs.
Fate will disrupt his life when Radha and Umesh eventually finds out that he has been two-timing Radha  and a confrontation.
<EOS>
Karthik Swaminathan  referred to as ` Genius   is a freelance photographer.
Who aspires to become a Wildlife Photographer.
His close friends Sundar  Shankar  Padmini and Vindhya support him and his sister.
One day  Sundar introduces Yamini to Karthik and his friends.
Karthik and Yamini have a bitter experience.
They slowly develop a special bond.
Karthik tries to stay away.
He does not want to break his friend s heart.
A sequence brings them closer.
Eventually  Sunder s dad arranges to be married.
Karthik learns.
Madhesh had used a photograph that Karthik had taken to win an national award.
He turns into an alcoholic and people start doubting his sanity.
But Yamini does not give up and supports him hoping.
He ll succeed one day.
One day  Karthik s drunken fit leads.
Which she stops talking.
This makes him come.
He mends his ways.
He finally gets a break and becomes a Professional Wildlife Photographer.
One gets nominated for an International Photography award.
He finally wins.
Karthik thanks his friends Sundar and others for their support and Yamini for her faith in him and reveals his love for her.
Yamini finally relents and talks.
The film ends.
<EOS>
Fuad Ramses III returns to reopen his grandfather s defunct catering company.
This arouses the interest.
Who holds Fuad s family reputation.
Fuad is soon  however  asked to cater the sheriff s wedding  Mrs Lamply  and fiancee  Tiffani.
He becomes possessed by her evil spirit.
He then goes on to create the ` blood feast.
His grandfather failed to do.
<EOS>
Woody gets bullied.
Happily roller skating.
Who has just avoided being served a summons.
Thinking.
The woodpecker might want to seek mild revenge.
Gypem tells Woody.
He will pay him a dollar to serve Buzz.
Woody happily accepts the offer.
Buzz manages to stop all attempts.
Woody then stumbles.
Declares. 
Woody reads the book cover to cover.
Then decides to practice his newly acquired skill.
He has some fun by putting the reluctant buzzard to sleep.
Then  Woody turns him.
Finally  Woody blindfolds himself  begins walking and tells Buzz  I am your master.
You must protect me.
The two encounter several death defying close calls.
Woody manages to secure Buzz and escort him.
Gypem s office.
Supposedly thankful  Gypem has the audacity to serve Woody  accusing the woodpecker of practicing hypnotism out of season.
Incensed  Woody hypnotizes Buzz.
Gypem is a tasty ham sandwich.
<EOS>
December night  a state execution transfer vehicle crosses into the quiet backwater town of Snowmonton.
Is serial killer Jack Frost.
Who eluded police and left a trail of thirty-eight bodies across five states before finally being arrested  by the sheriff of the same town the truck had just entered.
Frost is scheduled to be executed that night.
However  due  a tanker containing genetic material collides with the prison truck  freeing Jack.
Is driving the other direction.
The burning truck breaks the compression tester.
He tries to make his escape.
The acid contained breaks free  melting Jack s skin and skeleton.
Jack s remains are fused with the snow.
Sheriff Sam Tiler is still haunted.
Sam can not forget Jack s threats of vengeance against the sheriff  his family  and the whole town.
The sheriff s fears soon prove to be founded  his head forced back as.
When Old Man Harper is found murdered.
Soon afterwards  a local bully named.
Billy and his ski patrol gang is also killed.
The snowman pushed the boy in the way.
Billy s parents are murdered  Jake having an axe shoved down his throat.
Sally being strung up.
Paul Davrow  the sheriff s friend  witnesses the murders.
No one believes him.
Sheriff Tiler has his deputies.
Lock him up.
Hearing  Agents Manners and Stone arrive in Snowmonton  claiming to be from the FBI.
Sheriff Tiler puts the town on 24 hour curfew and sends his officers out to gather all the townspeople.
However  one is killed.
When Jack Frost melts down and refreezes  running the officer over.
Two teens are also killed.
When they sneak.
Jack Frost returns to the station  finally confronting Sam.
Agent Stone reveals himself to be a representative.
Created the acid and reveals that the snowman is a mutated Jack Frost.
He also reveals.
The human soul exists and that the acid was going to be used to contain DNA in case of a nuclear holocaust.
They attempt to destroy Jack.
They then use blowdryers to drive Jack.
Evaporates the snowman.
Unfortunately  Jack condenses  killing Agent Stone.
Jack Frost traps Sheriff Tiler and his son  Ryan.
The sheriff escapes.
His son made him  burning the snowman s head.
His son  not wanting his father to be cold  put antifreeze  believing.
It could help keep the oatmeal.
Sheriff Tiler tells his friend  Paul Davrow to fill the bed with antifreeze.
Jack chases Sam through the halls of a church and finally catches him  driving an icicle into his chest and almost killing him.
The truck arrives just in time  however.
Jack and Sam crash.
Jack Frost melts.
The antifreeze is buried deep.
Tiler s wife Anne  realizes.
The state police are.
Tiler says  we ll tell them.
When Paul asks Tiler what they are going to tell them.
It s too late.
But one is shown to be bubbling  suggesting.
Jack is contained  and is still alive.
<EOS>
Bailey is buckling.
Too many dead end jobs and family arguments Bailey becomes self destructive - resorting to violence and severing all ties of friendship and love.
Bailey returns to London to apologise.
However  things have changed  and not everyone is sympathetic.
There are other.
Who will stop to make Bailey s life a living hell.
Faced  Bailey must accept his own limitations and confront the demons of his past.
<EOS>
A hand picked team of U.
S.
Marine Corps amphibious.
Reconnaissance scouts is landed with the mission of contacting an intelligence agent who has crucial information.
Each Marine is not only experienced but has a special skill.
Grenier  an air crew radioman is taken off the PBY s air crew.
When the original radio operator suddenly became medically unfit.
He is given the sick Marine s radio and camouflage jacket to carry.
He serves to the audience.
The patrol commander Captain Alonzo Davis is killed while ambushing a small group of Japanese soldiers.
First Sergeant Corey takes command.
Pvt.
George George and Pfc.
Henry Reynolds are killed.
And Cpl.
Stanley Parrish is killed soon after.
Amado is shot while scaling a small hill.
They walk on.
The marines let.
Him die to keep their presence secret.
Grenier is eventually told.
They were sent to recover some important information in a tea house whose radio was destroyed  thus explaining the radio s importance to the mission.
Grenier s inexperience and incompetence arouses anger.
His only friend is easy going but professional Gunnery Sergeant Wartell no nonsense 1st Sgt Corey and Grenier  explaining each one.
Who acts.
Rooney provides the only comedy relief.
When his character is captured and interrogated.
The surviving squad members eventually arrive but  unfortunately  Amado was the one.
Who was supposed to meet the contact as he was the only Filipino.
Desperate  the group sends Corey to met the contact  Miyazaki a Filipino-American woman.
Corey crashes across a straw bridge then blow it up with a grenade  escaping from the soldiers.
Sneaking out.
Meanwhile  a large skirmish has killed Cpl.
Alvin Ross and Platoon Sergeant William Maccone  shot the radio up.
Wartell  knowing  tells the reluctant Corey to leave him behind.
He will slow the survivors down.
He plants grenades and is captured by the Japanese soldiers.
When they leave.
He sets off the grenades  taking them all out in the blast  and leaving Corey and Grenier the only surviving marines.
The explosion is heard.
They sadly track on.
Corey and Grenier learn.
The Japanese are expecting the invasion fleet and have placed a mine field powerful enough to destroy the entire fleet.
Arriving  Corey and Grenier are able to escape a Japanese patrol by boat.
But Miyazaki is killed.
She seduced to buy the guys some time.
Grenier becomes a squared away Marine.
He and his First Sergeant infiltrate the enemy base with the Japanese radio transmitter.
Grenier is able to detonate the mines.
Corey provides a one man army diversion.
Grenier then steals a radio and goes to tell Corey  only to find Corey dead of blood loss from wounds.
He got while holding off the Japanese.
Grenier escapes for pick up.
Leaving him the sole survivor.
The movie ends.
He listens as he awaits pick up.
<EOS>
A young boy loses his mother.
Vikram Singh is horrified and adopts the boy Raju.
His son  Maan  is less than impressed and makes his dislike very  very obvious.
His daughter  Poonam  is rather pleased.
Vikram Singh being exasperated by his son s behaviour sends him off to boarding school.
Vikram Singh also has a brother Pratrap Singh.
Who spends too much money.
Vikram Singh fed up threatens to stop supporting him.
Soon Pratrap smothers him  hoping to get away with it.
Vikram was known to be a heart patient.
Unfortunately he was nt quite as unobserved.
He believed himself to be.
Vikram Singh s sudden death makes Raju  life miserable.
Raju is treated.
Pratrap Singh shares his nephew s dislike.
Though he does nt know that Raju saw him killing his brother.
Raju is used.
When Maan goes out riding.
The only friend for Raju is an elder Khan.
Years pass  Maan Singh grows up to be Danny Denzongpa  Raju grows up to be Rajesh Khanna.
Poonam grows up to be Salma Agha.
Maan Singh continues to treat Raju badly.
Khan is kind.
Raju says.
Its his love that has kept him there.
He wo nt leave as long.
She loves him.
His fond childhood reminiscences leads us.
One day  Poonam insists.
Has nt yet been broken in properly.
Raju rescues her.
Unluckily  the two are observed.
Who takes his anger out and gives him a thorough beating.
Meanwhile one dancing girls is very interested and would like to elope with him.
He stalls her.
He first needs to embezzle more.
Meanwhile  Poonam has taken some flowers.
Who is even more smitten after this.
Then Maan Singh s fiance  Sonia visits the mansion.
Sonia dresses but appears to be a nice girl  and gets concerned about Raju.
Who has a high fever.
This worries Poonam.
She goes to look.
Then Poonam is bitten.
Raju sucks out the poison and carries her.
Where he is beaten again to touch Poonam.
Sonia stands up and points out.
Normal people would thank him.
She also takes some medication to counteract the poison.
He inadvertendly swallowed.
He goes to see.
Poonam is and declares his love.
Days pass.
They are spotted.
Who is just prevented from shooting Raju there and then.
But Mann beats Raju.
She dips her hand and confronts her brother.
When Poonam finds the injured Raju.
Again Maan makes next attempt to kill.
Raju is.
Raju mentions.
He knows that Pratap Singh killed his brother.
Poonam realises.
It is very likely that her brother will one day succeed if at all possible.
She decides.
Raju is staying.
The way forward is to tell him that she does nt love him.
She does.
This and a heart-broken Raju leaves.
Alas  Pratap Singh does nt want an eye-witness  so he tries to kill Raju but leaves Raju for dead  but Raju manages to stay alive.
He is picked up.
He finds himself.
When Raju wakes up.
Who very eagerly enquires.
It turns out.
Raju is actually this gentleman s grandson.
The old man had threw his son out.
He married a lady and has been looking for them for years.
The Raju actually is.
That it has turned out.
The instrument is Mubarak Ali  an employee of Raju s grandfather   as well as an embezzling uncle.
Who makes Maan Singh a profitable business offer  which he gladly accepts as he is feeling the pinch somewhat financially  what.
Mubarak Ali says.
He works.
There is a gallery.
When the aforementioned businessman finally deigns to meet Maan Singh and his family.
He looks just.
However  almost makes Rai Bahadur Rajev Singh  walk out.
Suggestion that he looks similar.
However  good relations are restored.
Rajev never seems to warm completely.
The secret is revealed.
Who always cared and who Raju still cares for  Khan.
Back  Raju causes more confusion for Poonam by flirting with Sonia  sending her flowers and generally paying a lot of attention to her.
Suspicions are further aroused.
The tension heightened.
When Pratrap finds himself.
Maan Singh starts losing money  taking the advice of Mubarak Ali and Raju.
What will happen next.
<EOS>
Burke and Wills are portrayed.
Burke is anxious to return  and win fame and honor for himself in the ` race  across Australia.
Wills is the consummate English gentleman and faithful follower.
Impressive Australian desert vistas help to build the dramatic tension.
<EOS>
The plot opens an electronics engineer.
Who introduces himself.
He meets Viswanath.
When he fights to grab a bag.
Ravi chases the man to catch him but gets a glimpse of the man s face.
Viswanath offers Ravi a job.
Which he is the CEO.
The bank promotes its new branch.
Ravi also applies.
2 Crores to start his own business.
Ravi meets a girl Nandhini  a divorced news reporter club and friendship  love develops step by step between them.
Ravi once is attacked by Nandhini s ex-husband Raghu.
He counter attacks him and goes home.
He meets Fareed.
There are evidences to prove.
Fareed also kidnaps Nandhini.
Is confident he did not kill him.
Ravi and Fareed plan to rob the bank.
Has infra red  laser  four leveled lock system Vault.
Meanwhile Ravi records the conversations going on and hands it over to his assistant Devaki to save himself.
Ravi demands Rs.
2 Crore  the photographic evidences.
Fareed initially gives.
It but takes it back and gives Ravi another bag similar.
Fareed enter into the vault.
Attempts to kill Ravi but Ravi manages to escape by locking them inside the vault.
He meets Viswanath.
Where he also sees Nandhini.
The robbery is actually a plan.
Who did it in order to grab the bag which has evidences actually named Eswari.
The stranger chased.
Who was.
When he first met Viswanath was Eswari s ex-husband actually.
The man safely places the evidence.
Viswanath could not kill him.
If the man was killed the evidences will got by police.
So to steal the evidence.
He plans a robbery.
The man was actually an new employee.
Who Ravi was told to be killed.
Viswanath apologises created by him to Ravi.
He telephones to surrender but kills himself.
Fareed  Eswari are arrested and all his gang members die.
Ravi destroys all the evidence and finds Rs.
2 Crore.
Which actually was demanded from Fareed and which he actually opt for to start his new business.
<EOS>
Movie critic Dana Stevens describes the film plot.
Are so loosely connected that it feels like you re watching a non-narrative film.
Slate.
Com  March 30  2007 defined.
There are no acts  plot arcs or character development  as conventionally.
Stan works long hours.
The monotonous slaughter affects his home life.
And Angela.
-- some friends try to involve Stan in a criminal plot  a white woman -- a mosaic of an austere working-class life emerges.
Propositions Stan attempt to buy a car engine.
Which Stan feels unable to affect the course.
<EOS>
The film presents an idealized image.
It culminates.
There is a note - both engines were scrapped before.
The two original locomotives are used in the film  although this is false.
A romantic story with love  treachery and revenge is also here.
Main stars were George OBrien and Madge Bellamy.
<EOS>
Max Devlin is a shady landlord.
Who is rather jaded and callous.
One day  he is run over and killed.
Chasing an errant tenant.
He descends and meets the Devil s chief henchman Barney Satin.
He is told.
He is doomed to spend eternity.
However  he is given a chance to save himself.
He returns and begins his frantic quest with three months to complete his mission.
Barney appears frequently.
A running joke is.
Nobody   can see or hear Barney.
He discovers his innate decency  the fact all along.
He really was nt so bad.
He falls with the boy s mother.
They plan to marry.
The deadline is up.
Eventually   he obtains all three signatures on the fatal contract.
However   Barney appears and tells him.
He will take these chosen ones right now rather than let them live natural lives.
Max is horrified and enraged and prepares to tear up the contracts.
Satin appears in full devil regalia and screams at Max of his terrible fate of torment in Hell.
He burns the contracts.
Max does so anyway  to sacrifice himself  and suddenly realizes.
He is living again.
His kind  unselfish act has deemed him unfit.
The last scene shows Max looking upward and saying Thank you very much.
<EOS>
The new town sheriff moves.
It seems.
There s a special house for the sheriff to live in for free.
Unfortunately it s haunted.
Have a strong craving.
<EOS>
Marcus Boyd has recently graduated and is headed to Laos for a year to work with Doctors Without Borders.
Unbeknownst have been living together and would like to get married.
They both head off.
Meanwhile   Marcus  father Brad is coming out of a meeting.
When he sees his car being towed.
Brad tries unsuccessfully to halt the tow.
Both Miguel and Brad hurl various racially-based insults.
Brad and Miguel meet later that evening and discover.
They will soon be.
Both Marcus  and Lucia s family try to out do one another to make the wedding more African-American or.
Lucia has also not told her parents.
She recently dropped out to volunteer teach at a charter school catering to recent immigrants.
This leads Miguel to believe.
She will be supporting Marcus as he volunteers without pay.
Lucia says nothing.
When Miguel tells Marcus that he disapproves.
Marcus feels abandoned and ultimately calls off the wedding.
Lucia s sister Isabel makes.
Lucia and the rest realize that Marcus makes Lucia happy and that race should not matter.
Lucia goes  they reconcile.
They end up having a wedding.
Embraces both African and Mexican customs.
<EOS>
Ram  a final year B.
E student studying comes to visit his joint family in Mysore in the vacation.
His cousin s marriage is fixed.
But his cousin loves another NRI Boy.
Knowing this Raam helps his cousin to get her married.
His uncle gets angry and throws him out.
He goes back.
He sees a girl and falls at first sight.
His friend gets depressed.
Ram decides to bring her and get her married.
He goes.
R.
Kalyana Mantapa kidnaps the bride unconscious and brings her.
And later gets to know.
He has kidnapped the wrong bride.
He loved.
When Ram saw the girl he becomes happy for it was the girl Pooja.
She is extremely happy.
When she gained conscious.
She did not wanted to get married.
She forces Ram and his Friends to leave her.
To escape Ram and pooja gets lost in the forest.
They find the way and leaves her to the Bus Stand.
Where he meets his friend.
They leave Pooja and carry on.
She calls her friend and gets to know.
It takes 15 days.
She is depressed.
Some goons follow her.
She runs.
Ram and his friend rescue her.
He tells her to stay by lying to them.
She is an orphan and Shastri who is Ram s family friend brought her up.
She tells the same.
Later Ram apologises and comes back.
Love blossoms.
Elders decides to get them married.
They take her.
S family members.
Some Men take her away.
Later Ram tells the truth.
What was going on.
They decide to help Pooja.
The people away are attacked.
Who takes Pooja.
The other Man take her away.
Raam beat him.
He is unconscious.
She tells him her story.
Pooja s father s 2 sisters.
Were married.
The 2 brothers get separated due.
And Pooja grows up And she is the sole heiress of 100 crores.
Her parents die.
Then she comes to live with her uncles.
But come to know.
The 2 brothers are separated.
The 2 brothers want to get their sons married for her money.
Both fight.
Ram had kidnapped her from marriage hall.
Ram promises her.
He will marry her without violence using his brain.
He joins her uncles house.
Ram s uncle and aunt comes as Chicago Chandrashekar and his wife and asks for Pooja s Uncle s son for their nonexistent daughter.
They tells him.
They own 150 crores.
Knowing this Pooja s uncle leaves Pooja.
S son.
Ram s parents come and as Dollar Dinesh who is Chicago Chandrashekar s brother and asks for Pooja s second uncle.
Pooja s second uncle agrees.
Ram s last uncle comes and lies.
Pooja s father had taken a loan.
Pooja s uncles decide to get her married.
He had no money.
They get her married manner.
They come to know the truth and regret their mistake and ask Pooja for forgiveness.
Her uncles unite and bless the newly married couple and thank Ram and his family and send Pooja with Ram and his family to Mysore.
<EOS>
The story opens.
Clam and Raj relating the tale up.
The first segment reveals.
Raj and Clam meet.
They find a common enemy.
Who is the camp bully.
Most follow Edward s lead.
Lazlo makes his appearance.
Builds Edward s growing resentfulness  and Lumpus  dissatisfaction with the three new scouts behavior.
What follows.
Lazlo builds a totem pole to decorate their new cabin.
When Lazlo hears an animal.
He goes to find it and help it.
Clam and Raj choose not to accompany him.
Lazlo finds a bear  and pulls it out  earning the bear s gratefulness.
The bear  now named Fluffy  follows Lazlo home.
He hides it.
They both attempt to confront Lazlo  but are instead met.
When Edward tells Lumpus that Lazlo has left camp.
Protecting Lazlo  Fluffy attacks Edward and Lumpus.
Lazlo follows Fluffy   the others assume.
Everyone hides.
When Lazlo s torn beanie is later found.
Lazlo was mauled and possibly eaten.
He concocts a story.
When Edward can find neither the bear nor Lazlo.
He scared Fluffy off  and demands the camp s respect.
The next series deal with both Edward spinning a web of lies  and Lumpus trying to come to grips with Lazlo s disappearance  but only due to Lumpus s fear of Commander Hoo-Ha  not over any real concern for the missing scouts.
Finally understanding  Raj and Clam find Lazlo  alive and well.
Edward was lying.
Lazlo explains the incident.
Lazlo is reluctant to return.
It s a joyless place.
Clam and Raj leave Lazlo.
They ve unknowingly ended up convincing Lazlo to return.
He finds an angry-turned Fluffy ravaging the camp.
This time  he has two pinecones stuck.
Lazlo calls Fluffy off.
The bear approaches Edward and begins to attack him.
He tells Edward to help Fluffy.
When Lazlo understands the bear s situation.
He is free to go and then  the rest.
Edward pulls the pinecones out.
Fluffy thanks Lazlo takes his departure from Camp Kidney.
Lazlo appears.
The story closes.
Seeing Lazlo  Clam and Raj are overjoyed and rush to greet him.
He replies that he has been.
The movie then ends.
They were talking.
<EOS>
The film starts.
Introduces the audience.
When the figure turns.
Who has recently been brutally beaten.
The film reveals her past.
Lilja lives a fairly bleak life down apartment block in a squalid  poor town in an unnamed former republic of the Soviet Union.
She is a normal teenage girl.
Lilja s mother tells her.
They are emigrating with her new boyfriend.
Lilja is left behind  in the care of her aunt.
A forced move is only the beginning.
A succession are heaped upon Lilja.
Lilja s best friend encourages her to join her.
Lilja decides not to follow through.
However  the friend claims.
When the friend s father finds the money.
She was the one who sat while Lilja prostituted herself.
Not content  the story soon goes round school.
She now really does have to prostitute herself to live.
Lilja has been abandoned.
One glimmer is her friend Volodya  abused and rejected by his alcoholic father.
Whom she forms a tender protective relationship.
She buys Volodya a basketball.
She has earned.
Volodya s father punctures it.
Another glimmer is Andrei.
Who becomes her boyfriend and offers her a job.
But all is not.
What it seems.
Only bad things await Lilja.
When she arrives there.
She is greeted by her future employer and taken to a nearly empty apartment.
Where he imprisons her and rapes her.
Lilja is then forced to perform sexual acts  all the abuse is seen from Lilja s point of view.
Volodya commits suicide  devastated.
Lilja had abandoned him.
Volodya comes to Lilja to watch over her.
He transports Lilja to the roof of the apartment  and gives Lilja the world as a present.
She simply finds it cold and unwelcoming.
Lilja is brutally beaten by her pimp.
She then escapes again.
Finally  and much of Volodya she commits suicide herself in the continuation of the scene from the beginning of the film by jumping from the bridge.
The film s conclusion shows two alternate versions  a.
Lilja and Volodya  now both dead  angelic and happily playing basketball  safe from all harm the world can do to them.
B. 
It is also shown.
Somehow Lilja was sent back to when she made the decision to go to Sweden with Andrei.
She finds herself exactly at the moment  however this time she rejects Andrei s offer to go to Sweden.
She first made the decision.
She and Volodya are shown to presumably live happier lives.
<EOS>
The film tells on a great white whale.
Who has bitten off the captain s leg.
The film  just as The Sea Beast  is an extremely free adaptation.
It implements a prequel and sequel element.
Did not exist.
Captain Ahab is seen as a handsome  romantic hero with a pretty girlfriend and both legs before embarking on the odyssey to kill the whale.
Later maimed him.
Ahab survives the ordeal and returns home.
Who loves him.
<EOS>
Gangster Angelo Snaps Provolone promises his dying father.
He will give up a life  and instead go straight.
A Month later  Snaps awakes and begins his important morning.
He has a meeting.
He hopes to donate a large sum and join the bank s board of trustees  thereby having an honest job and keeping his word to his father.
Anthony Rossano  Snaps s young  good-natured accountant  arrives and sets all events in motion.
Anthony tells his boss  asks  then tells Snaps the true love.
He s.
He speaks of is actually Snaps s daughter.
Snaps does not want his daughter marrying Anthony and goes to talk.
Anthony professes his love.
Lisa Provolone is the only child.
Lisa is a spoiled daughter.
Whose dreams run into a roadblock because of her overly protective father.
Wishing to move out  she lies to her parents and claims to be pregnant.
Snaps  believing the father to be Anthony  is shocked.
When Lisa says the father is Oscar  the former chauffeur who is now out.
Things get even more complicated.
When Anthony learns that Theresa  the woman he fell with  is not actually Snaps  daughter  but was merely pretending to be.
Snaps tricks him.
Anthony can catch on.
Who is supposedly pregnant.
Both Lisa and Anthony are unhappy.
The pair luck out.
When Lisa falls with someone else - Dr Thornton Poole  Snaps  dialectician.
Meanwhile  local police lieutenant Toomey is keeping an eye  believing.
Snaps is meeting soon.
Also watching Snaps is mob rival Vendetti.
Who  too  believes that Snaps is meeting Chicago mobsters.
Vendetti plans a hit.
Toomey plans a raid to catch Snaps.
Snaps meets his mansion s new maid  Roxie.
Anthony seeks.
Roxie is an old flame.
It turns out.
The pair talk memories and the life.
Never was.
Theresa comes and is revealed to be Roxie s daughter - - making Snaps her dad after all.
Who was actually fathered long ago.
The impromptu celebration is cut short by the arrival of the bankers.
Snaps senses.
The bankers are giving him a raw deal.
The meeting is interrupted.
Who is embarrassed to find no money or gangsters present.
He leaves the mansion to crash right outside.
Toomey smiles the men.
Snaps decides to abandon his short-lived honest ways and return to a life of crime.
The final scene shows a double wedding for both his daughters.
Oscar himself finally appears and objects.
He is carried off happily.
<EOS>
Seongjun heads to meet a close friend.
Who lives.
Seongjun wanders and runs into an actress.
When the friend does nt answer his calls.
He used to know.
The two talk  but soon part.
He makes his way down and drinks makgeolli by himself.
Some film students ask him to join them -- Seongjun used to be a film director.
He soon gets drunk and heads.
But Seongjun is still wandering.
Whether it s the next day or some other day.
He runs again.
They talk and soon part.
He eventually meets his friend.
They head.
His friend knows.
The owner has a striking resemblance to Seongjun s.
He plays the piano.
Seongjun goes with his friend and mentions.
Whether it s the next day or some other day.
It was the first place he chased.
Later  they have drinks.
Who had been doing business.
The same female professor joins them.
The four go.
Seongjun gets drunk and ends up kissing the owner  Seongjun may have spent a few days in Seoul with his friend.
It may still be his first day there.
He may have learned something  or may have to meet the woman  for the first time.
Resembles her again.
Seongjun also has no other choice.
Life presents itself.
To face his today.
<EOS>
Harry Garmes is an aging American career criminal.
Who was once a driver.
He is living in Albufeira  a fishing village in southern Portugal.
Where he seeks occasional companionship.
Unexpectedly  Harry received a job  his first  to drive an escaped killer and the man s girlfriend across Portugal and Spain into France.
He accepts the job.
Will end badly.
Harry and his passengers are pursued by both the police and Harry s former mobster cronies.
Harry gets shot on the beach in Albufeira  moments away from escaping.
<EOS>
Charles Richardson is a civil servant  working in the Department of Development  Salt Lake City  Utah  and an impetuous romantic.
One day he meets Laura Conley.
It is love.
Laura is a married woman.
Who has just moved out.
She is disillusioned and wants to find herself.
Charles gathers courage and asks her out.
Soon she moves in and seems happy.
But she starts having second thoughts.
He loves her too much.
You have this exalted view.
I hate it.
There must be something wrong.
You think I m that great then.
Laura leaves Charles and goes back.
Sam  recently unemployed  moves in with Charles.
Who tries to grapple.
Charles s mother  meanwhile  is an eccentric.
Who has suicidal thoughts.
Charles begins to make efforts to win Laura back.
Charles finds out.
Laura has left Ox once again and is living.
<EOS>
Aspiring actress Cicely Tyler marries ambitious newsman Christopher Tyler but their life together is interrupted.
When he is assigned.
She stays behind  confiding.
She is pregnant.
Separations  reunions and reconciliations follow.
Cicely and Christopher struggle to balance their romance and their careers.
<EOS>
A LTTE carder called.
Kamala Velayudan is surrendered.
She was handed over.
Order to bring her colombo IBM headquarters.
She has a big news.
Was so much important to attack LTTE leader.
Her brother was killed.
When he was going to elope.
The jeep was attacked.
When they started the journey.
So both leave there and arrives Periyumbutur by a boat.
Then   his head is injured.
So she wraps his head and says not to speak anything.
Both pass.
LTTE & ARMY points and continue the journey.
Meanwhile both fall love immensely.
He goes hand over Kamala to IBM.
There she reveals and asks his pardon.
The things she said is a lie.
Captain Wasantha was angry.
He could nt say anything.
Brigadier called him to come.
Both goes and BGD asks the information.
He says a date and a time.
He pondered.
However  SL air force attacked.
The place and a group were killed.
Meanwhile  Captain leaves to Elephant Pass.
It was attacked.
His mother receives a letter.
He is missing while the operation was going.
His mother falls with crying.
Kamala and Wasantha are smiling and playing with their child at a flat in Toronto  Canada.
<EOS>
The now retired.
Marshal Matt Dillon is.
Assuming that only confused him.
He realizes.
There is a reward.
<EOS>
A group take over a high school.
Whilst outside  authorities work to negotiate  a group of students lead a revolt.
Order to prevent a disaster  led.
<EOS>
Navy Commander Sam Keenan is a decorated U.
S.
Navy SEAL  sent.
Keenan is sent.
S.
Embassy to become the new Security Attache there.
Keenan learns.
When he arrives.
Moldavia is.
Keenan meets with Ambassador George Norland.
Who makes Keenan the deputy ambassador.
Recently  the U.
S.
Installed a new government.
It is a government led.
Amirev wants the nation to be run.
Communist insurgents have caused a riot at the presidential palace  threatening the fragile democracy.
The insurgents are loyal to dictative former president Alexei Kirilov.
Who is a communist who abused Moldavia s people.
The insurgents storm the palace  demanding Amirev s head.
When the palace guards start firing without Amirev s.
Keenan volunteers to bring Amirev.
But events reach critical mass.
The insurgents open fire.
Keenan barely makes it back.
The fight is nt over yet.
Fifty Americans are holed up.
Tavarov and his massive army have arrived  with plans to crash the building and drag Amirev out by any means necessary.
To add  Norland is killed by a rocket.
Was launched.
To defend the embassy  Keenan has only 15 Marines  CIA bureaucrat Frank Gaines  limited ammunition.
His martial arts skills to hold Tavarov s army off arrive.
To make matters worse  Keenan s girlfriend  reporter Michelle Whitman  is one.
A power struggle takes place between Keenan and Gaines  with help hours away  it will be up to Keenan to rescue the hostages.
<EOS>
The film opens.
Who has been having secret sexual encounters.
The story is shut down  however.
When the source clams up.
Rowena s editor  a supporter  puts a stop to the story.
The editor also insists she take a vacation and wo nt take no.
Rowena meets her childhood friend  Grace Clayton.
Walking home.
Who seeks her help.
Grace gives Rowena her.
Hill recently ended.
A few days later Grace is found dead  leading Rowena to suspect Harrison.
Rowena goes undercover as a temp at his company.
She flirts.
He fires her.
When he catches her snooping  believing her to be a corporate spy.
Rowena discovers a shrine to her and explicit pictures of Miles and Grace.
Miles arrives home.
Rowena confronts him.
Who defends himself.
She goes.
Who arrest Harrison.
Miles visits Rowena.
He then tells her.
He knows she is the real killer and has been using this investigation to frame Hill.
Rowena flashes back.
A younger Grace watches.
They bury his body.
Grace has been blackmailing Rowena.
Miles describes.
She had plotted the murder to end Grace s blackmail and pinned the murder.
Miles asks.
She intends to keep him quiet  implying she might sleep  since he has long lusted after her.
However  Rowena stabs him and ransacks the kitchen.
She then calls the police  claiming.
To have been attacked and that he might have been the real murderer.
The film ends.
What really happened and hence echoing that the blackmail chain was going to keep continuing as before.
<EOS>
Murders taking place turn out to be the work of a disfigured actor and will stop at nothing to cease the sale of the back lot to developers.
Who has been living there.
The film seems to place a lot on the chalk outline.
One character is even heard  We re going to be running out of chalk.
Standing over a murder scene.
<EOS>
One evening opens itself.
The king s castle folds open.
Other story and nursery rhyme books do.
The same thing and several famous characters leave their homes to go Old King Cole s party.
There  all characters have a small sing-and-dance act.
Their dance is so catchy.
When the Ten Little Indians get.
Old King Cole and all the other characters join in as well.
The mice tell everyone.
Old Mother Hubbard accidentally pushes King Cole.
It s midnight and that everyone should go home.
All the characters return.
King Cole sings a farewell song and puts out a bottle of milk for the milkman.
The cartoon closes.
<EOS>
A teacher named.
Seiji Hasumi is loved and respected by his peers.
However  his outward charm masks his true nature.
Hasumi is a psychopath.
Who is unable to feel empathy.
Specifically  he has a severe antisocial personality disorder.
Hasumi chooses to deal with problems like bullying and overbearing monster parents the easy way -- by systematically murdering his students.
<EOS>
Lewis and Clark and George opens at a water tank site wearing prison jump suits.
The scene is desert scrub.
The two state prison escapees have just located a buried metal box.
A road trip begins off through the desert to find the treasure.
<EOS>
Hannah  the first child born  visits the town of Gatlin to find her real mother.
She picks up a street preacher by the name of Zachariah.
Who tells her  then vanishes.
Hannah is taken into town by a police officer.
Once there  she finds out Isaac  but instead went.
Was not killed.
The hospital appears to be filled.
They talk.
She is nearly driven off the road.
She leaves the hospital and begins back.
She finds a dead crow and a strange smiling child.
She meets a pair of romantically-involved teenagers  a girl and her boyfriend  Matt.
They then check.
The next morning   a small crowd gathers.
Hannah is leaving the motel.
Meanwhile  the scene changes.
It is revealed.
Isaac has awakened and that he has a son.
Hannah returns.
Where she begins having visions  before Gabriel appears behind her.
He shows her.
She can look.
She is almost killed.
They are.
When Jake tries to split her head open.
Gabriel leaves Hannah alone to take Jake back.
Hannah finds.
Left alone.
A scythe pinning what she thinks is her birth certificate.
A strange woman tries to touch Hannah  but leaves.
She is lying.
She realizes Hannah is awake.
Hannah recognizes her truck.
Drove her.
She follows the truck into the middle of a field.
She runs  another strange teenager carrying a large blade.
She can follow the person.
He tells her the owner is Rachel Colby  the same name on the birth certificate.
Hannah finds GET OUT OR DIE.
Back  Rachel confronts Isaac.
It is revealed.
Rachel is the wife.
She believes her daughter to be dead.
Isaac tells.
When she leaves.
She will be punished.
Rachel later talks.
Who just wants to move on.
He tells Rachel to do.
Whatever she needs to do to try to stop Isaac.
He finds.
When Dr Michaels comes back.
Jake has clogged the sink and caused water to go all and is now muttering mindlessly on his knees.
Isaac steps out  displaying supernatural power.
Michaels stands  unafraid  warning him to leave Hannah alone  exposing himself as the one.
Who took Hannah away.
Isaac pulls a sparking electric cord and drops it on the wet floor  electrocuting Michaels.
Later  Isaac approaches the son.
Who is revealed to be Matt.
He is proud.
His son will carry.
Matt  though  seems less than enthusiastic.
Hannah is meanwhile driven off the road again  this time.
Gabriel talks.
He hands her a shovel and tells her.
She yells.
He is a descendant and for her to trace her lineage.
Hannah begins digging up the grave.
The bloody dead body falls right  however  this turns out to be only an illusion.
She digs.
Rachel is and warns her.
There s no going back if she continues.
Hannah then says.
She ll only leave if Rachel tells her the truth.
Rachel denies her this  calling it repulsive.
A desperate Rachel tells her the prophecy  The firstborn daughter will return on the eve of her nineteenth birthday to find out.
Hannah prepares to open the casket.
Who she is.
He-Who-Walks-Behind-The-Rows will awaken.
Hannah opens the casket to see it is empty.
Rachel knew and was nt dead.
Hannah was her child.
She tells a hurt Hannah.
Isaac wants Hannah to make a new pure race.
Hannah accuses her and runs away.
All of the cult has gathered and celebrate.
Matt is branded.
She is surrounded.
Hannah is walking that night.
Of whom injects her.
Hannah wakes up surrounded.
They place a crown her hand like.
They did Matt.
They begin to perform a union ceremony.
Hannah escapes.
They try to catch her  activating the irrigation system and driving motorcycles.
Rachel appears  claiming.
Isaac is a fraud.
Matt s girlfriend attempts to help Hannah escape.
She wants to be.
They are soon cornered.
Who capture them.
It turns out.
Gabriel was.
Matt s girlfriend  though  is nt so lucky.
Isaac orders Matt to kill her.
Matt refuses  so Isaac  cursing his son  intends to kill her himself  splitting her.
Matt runs into the cornfield.
Gabriel cares in a barn  tending her wounds and helps her bathe and  in the barn  he kisses her.
They begin to partake at the exact moment.
The clock strikes twelve.
Matt then soon appears and Hannah asks about her mother and   leaves to look for her.
Not receiving any answer.
Gabriel shows Matt his collection and promises.
Matt will be.
He leaves.
The barn impales himself on a scythe.
Rachel is being held in the basement.
Hannah is being led by visions of her being beaten by Cora.
She meets Jake .
Who warns her.
Hannah now confronts Isaac.
Who now believes himself to be ` He-Who-Walks-Behind-The-Rows  and has gone mad.
Gabriel storms down the halls and   has her kill herself.
When Cora tries to shoot him.
He then confronts Isaac and exposes.
He was the firstborn child and that Isaac denied him his birthright in favor of his own son.
Gabriel tells Hannah to kill Isaac.
Listening  Hannah does not.
Gabriel goes on to explain.
Everything that has happened has gone.
He then levitates Isaac and reveals himself to be `.
He restrains Isaac and stabs him with the broken end of a lead pipe.
Rachel stabs Gabriel.
Together  they flee.
Gabriel  though  is healed almost instantly and begins to set off explosions.
Kills Jake.
Rachel and Hannah are then seen walking down the road.
<EOS>
Dr Kersaint blows his former home a kiss.
A passenger ship sails.
He tells its tragic story  segueing.
When a fellow passenger asks him.
The natives of the island of Manukura are a contented lot.
Terangi  the first mate  marries Marama  the daughter of the chief.
She has a premonition and begs him not to leave  or at least take her on the ship s next voyage.
He makes her stay behind.
The crew goes to a bar to celebrate.
Terangi strikes him and breaks his jaw.
When a racist white man orders them to leave.
Unfortunately  the man has strong political connections.
The governor is forced to sentence him  over the objections of Terangi s captain  Nagle.
Back  Dr Kersaint begs recently appointed local French Governor Eugene De Laage to have Terangi brought home to serve his sentence under parole.
De Laage refuses to compromise his stern interpretation  despite the pleas of Captain Nagle  Father Paul  and even his own wife.
Unable to bear being confined  Terangi repeatedly tries to escape  lengthening his sentence  much to the delight of a particularly harsh jailer.
Finally   Terangi succeeds in getting out  but at a terrible price  he unintentionally kills a guard.
He steals a canoe and returns after an arduous journey.
He is rescued from his overturned canoe by Father Paul.
Who promises to remain silent.
He is reunited he has never seen before.
Chief Mehevi recommends the family hide.
Where no one will look.
However  De Laage discovers their preparations and commandeers the schooner to hunt them down.
Terangi turns back to warn his people.
He sees birds fleeing the island  an unprecedented  ominous event that Marama had dreamed before.
A once-in-a-lifetime hurricane strikes the island.
A few  Dr Kersaint and his pregnant patient  weather the disaster in a canoe.
Terangi ties his family and Madame De Laage.
The rest drown.
The island is stripped bare.
The tree floats away.
Terangi later finds a war canoe.
He uses to get his party.
Terangi signals it before fleeing in the canoe with his family.
When they spot the schooner.
Governor De Laage embraces his wife  but then spots something far away.
Madame De Laage insists  suspecting Tarangi saved.
It must be a floating log.
His wife   he agrees with her.
<EOS>
The film is essentially a two-part program.
The first half consists.
Who is drafted but really wants to join the air force.
He falls in love with Kathryn  the daughter of his commanding officer.
Who has similarly put her singing career in order to serve by providing entertainment for the troops.
The character Kathryn has only recently met her father for the first time.
She was a baby  her parents having divorced.
A related subplot has Kathryn conniving to get her parents to reconcile.
Grayson sings several numbers.
Kelly performs one  dancing with a mop as a partner.
The secondary plot involves preparations.
Will feature many MGM musical and comedy stars.
All pretenses of a storyline are effectively abandoned.
The film instead becomes a variety showcase.
The show portion is hosted.
<EOS>
Ashley is depressed.
Her father Jack spends all his time focusing instead of her and her older brother Joshua.
She constantly records his radio show and listens.
One day  her father takes them.
Was popular.
They rented a cabin next.
Who was confined.
Jack meets a local psychiatrist named Wanda.
Who is trying to aid some local men who claim that they have been possessed.
Jack also has the same experience whilst looking.
When Ashley runs away.
He becomes more devoted to his children.
Ashley and Joshua find out.
The reason that Orky is possessing people is to try and tell them that he is dying because a businessman is dumping toxic waste.
Ashley and Joshua help the old man to find a totem pole in the woods.
They expose the businessman s illegal dumping.
Orky  however  still dies.
The old man summons a lighting bolt.
Enters a hole.
Ashley and Hiro stay overnight and leave some cookies out.
Ashley screams.
When she realises that the cookies have been eaten.
Suggests that Orky is still alive.
<EOS>
Thirteen commuters took the last trip of the Manila LRT Purple Line at nearly midnight.
Jean met her long lost ex-boyfriend Cesar.
The train in midnight.
Who  they last saw each other since they were college.
Jean introduced her son  Jimmy.
The passengers were further annoyed.
They were chanting.
Who preaches verses.
They saw.
They traverse.
The gate were closed.
Minutes crawled.
Annoyed  the passengers decided to find a telephone.
Someone pulls Martin up the balcony.
They find a telephone.
His heart is pulled out  Someone or something was lurking.
When they found him.
Who eats human hearts.
Another passenger  Lita  was swiped away.
Alarmed the passengers make their way back.
That something appeared out of nowhere  it was a hideous and foul eyeless monster.
It further killed many more.
This monster  vigilant and strong-sensed  forgave no one hunt down the passengers  save for Steph  Don  Nina  Jimmy  Jean and Cesar  one by one.
Nina was separated.
She and her boyfriend Rocky wandered and saw dead bodies.
The monster appears and killed him.
Nina escaped.
Steph and Don escaped the train Jenny and Rico were killed by the monster.
Steph and Don met.
Who were losing contact.
The two friends went out to find an exit.
They were also killed.
The remaining survivors Jean  Cesar and Jimmy  found an emergency exit.
Cesar pledges his still-living love for Jean.
He urged Jimmy and Jean to run.
He wards the monster off.
Cesar  too  was killed.
Authorities arrived immediately.
The terrible truth was unveiled  The monster is the mutant son  and.
The passengers are being set up to be the food of the monster  with any survivors being killed off by the police.
Then  the film ends.
Nina  Jean and Jimmy scream.
<EOS>
The film opens.
When young twins Jane and Beth Hudson are famous child stars.
They have completely similar personalities.
Jane is persistent and dominates her shy sister Blanche.
Who spends most.
Nevertheless   Blanche became a bigger star as soon.
They grew up.
The public eventually forgot.
Nowadays  the sisters are living together.
Jane grew jealous of Blanche s fame and tried to kill her.
The ` accident  only resulted.
Blanche relives her fame due being showed on television.
Jane s films are unavailable.
Jane lacks  and spends most of her day trying to look as youthful as possible.
Though neighbors see her.
She is reluctant with her neighbors Connie and Frank.
Who are very open.
Blanche realizes.
Her sister has mental problems  and worries when she finds out that she has started drinking alcohol again  as well as turning her fan mail.
Her massage therapist.
Dominick worries that Jane might have find out that she is selling the house and is therefore acting out.
One  includes cutting her hair too short  and putting worms in her food.
Meanwhile  she is trying to work  and goes to a video store in an attempt to retrieve one of her old films.
Billy Korn  the store s owner  is impressed.
Jane  flattered  allows him to take her out.
Billy suggests.
Jane him.
Back  Blanche tries to warn her doctor.
Jane has stopped taking her pills.
Jane overhears the conversation and physically attacks her.
Blanche now realizes.
Her sister has lost control and tries to get out  screaming for help.
Jane forces her and withholds her from any possibility of outside contact.
Later that day  Jane meets - - to discuss their project.
Who is now being blackmailed.
She is bothered.
He now complains.
She tries to explain.
She should not murder her.
There would not be any cheques coming in anymore.
Jane would be locked away.
Jane calmly leaves the room and then locks the door.
Downstairs  she learns.
Billy has arranged to perform on stage again  but only if she appears with her sister.
Grateful  she drops him off  though has a manic episode  and oversees Billy interacting with his blackmailers.
He leaves.
Meanwhile  Blanche has made an audio tape calling out.
She throws.
She then finds out.
Jane has forged her signature.
It would mean.
Successful. 
There is no reason.
She tries to get out  but falls from the stairs and loses consciousness.
Jane   finds the audio tape and tries to hide Blanche s unconscious body.
Who has returned home.
She finds it.
Dominick arrives sometime later  forces himself into Blanche s room and finds.
Her tied up.
Dominick tries to save her  but is stabbed by Jane.
She is almost caught while trying to get rid of his body.
Jane prepares herself for her second debut  and finds out on stage.
Billy is posing as Blanche.
Jane is ridiculed and bursts out in tears.
Jane gets and   she stabs Billy to death.
Returning home.
Afterwards  she turns.
Who is severely dehydrated and deprived from food.
Blanche admits.
At the night she was paralyzed  she was driving herself  though never cleared Jane because she hated her at the time.
She then apologizes.
They are happy together.
The police arrives sometime later to arrest Jane.
Blanche has already lost consciousness.
Jane walks.
The police tries to save her.
<EOS>
An old man named.
Fred is packing his truck.
A ragged and somewhat feral teenage girl approaches.
Annoyed  Fred addresses her.
She offers to trade.
What she has.
The old man refuses.
They walk.
Fred scolds her.
What she and they have done.
Ruby says.
Her family ambushed a nearby airfield because they were hungry.
No one passes anymore.
She pleads to take her with him.
He tells Ruby.
If the pack   learns what she is doing  she could be in danger.
A noise distracts them.
Ruby hides.
The Carter family is traveling.
Parents Bob and Ethel are driving  accompanied Bobby and Brenda  eldest daughter Lynn  along with Lynn s husband Doug  baby daughter Katie  and their dogs  Beauty and Beast.
They stop.
Fred tells them to stay.
Later  they skid off a desert road and crash  owing.
What is later revealed to be a booby trap.
Bob walks back to get help.
Fred s son and his son s family dwell in the wilderness.
Which the Carters are traveling.
They are commanded.
He killed his mother  Fred s wife.
He killed the livestock on his father s farm and later murdered his sister.
Fred attacked his son and left him in the wilderness to die.
Jupiter survived  and mated.
Together  they had three sons  Mars  Pluto and Mercury  and their abused daughter Ruby.
They survive.
Bob reaches the gas station.
Night falls.
Where Fred tells him the origin.
Papa Jupiter arrives  kills Fred and takes Bob prisoner.
Doug and Lynne are sleeping.
Everyone else stays.
Bobby gets locked out and asks Doug for his keys.
Bobby does not know.
The trailer is locked because Pluto is looking  while Ethel and Brenda sleep in the next room.
Papa Jupiter sets Bob ablaze.
Bobby enters the trailer.
Ethel  Lynne  Doug and Bobby rush.
Brenda stays.
Everyone tries extinguishing the fire  while Pluto and Mars rape Brenda.
The Carters extinguish the fire.
Bob dies shortly.
Pluto runs away.
When Ethel and Lynne return.
Lynne finds Mars taking her baby.
She attacks Mars.
Ethel hits him.
Mars shoots Ethel and Lynne.
Pluto abducts the baby and flees.
Doug rushes in to find Lynne dead  Ethel dies shortly.
Doug sets out to find his baby.
Bobby and Brenda remain behind.
Beauty has been savaged.
Ruby is forced to eat it.
She is chained.
Where the clan live  tormenting her.
The men return to the cave.
Mercury is ambushed and pushed off a hilltop by Beast.
Papa Jupiter and Pluto return.
Pluto is incapacitated.
Papa Jupiter is killed.
Doug sees Ruby knock out Mama and escape into the hills  followed by Mars.
Doug catches up.
Mars follows them.
Ruby interferes.
He tries to kill Doug.
The film ends.
Ruby weeps.
<EOS>
Oliver Aliciano  a college professor  began to leave Manila.
He was blamed.
Ominous visions and hauntings happened there.
<EOS>
With the aid of some brilliant chess moves  the life of a woman and the different men in her lives take centre stage.
<EOS>
A general returns home to glory and prosperity.
The king rewards him and claims.
All enemies will be intimidated.
The general no longer practices martial arts.
He eats  drinks  lives the glamorous life  and does nt bother anymore.
His own arrogance leads.
When the enemy one day returns.
<EOS>
Brian Cohen is born from the one.
Which Jesus is born.
Initially confuses the three wise men who come to praise the future King.
Brian grows up an idealistic young man.
Who resents the continuing Roman occupation.
Brian becomes infatuated.
Attending Jesus  Sermon.
His desire and hatred for the Romans lead him to join the People s Front of Judea  one of many fractious and bickering independence movements.
Who spend more time fighting each other.
Escaping  the fugitive winds up in a lineup of would-be mystics and prophets.
Who harangue the passing crowd.
Forced to come up  Brian babbles pseudo-religious truisms  and quickly attracts a small but intrigued audience.
Order to blend in and keep the guards.
Brian tries to put the episode.
The guards have left.
He has unintentionally inspired a movement.
He grows frantic.
When he finds that some people have started to follow him around.
Brian runs into Judith.
They spend the night together.
Brian opens the curtains to discover an enormous crowd of people outside his mother s house  all proclaiming him to be the Messiah.
Brian s mother protests  He s not the Messiah  he s a very naughty boy.
Brian finds himself unable to change their minds.
His every word and action are immediately seized.
Neither can the hapless Brian find solace back.
Where people fling their afflicted bodies.
Brian finally is captured and scheduled to be crucified.
Meanwhile  a huge crowd has assembled.
Pilate tries to quell the feeling by granting them the decision of.
Who should be pardoned.
The crowd  however  simply shouts out names containing the letter r.
Order to mock Pilate s speech impediment.
Eventually  Judith appears and calls for the release of Brian.
The crowd echoes.
The name contains the letter r.
Pilate then agrees to welease Bwian.
The order is eventually relayed to the guards  but in a moment parodying the climax of the film Spartacus  various crucified people all claim to be Brian of Nazareth.
The wrong man is released.
Various other opportunities are denied.
One step forward to explain why they are leaving the noble freedom fighter hanging in the hot sun.
Hope is renewed.
When the Judean People s Front come charging  but fail to rescue Brian  as they are a suicide squadron  and kill themselves rather than dying in battle.
Condemned  Brian finds his spirits lifted by his fellow sufferers.
Who break with Always Look on the Bright Side of Life.
<EOS>
This science fiction film tells the story.
Who goes to work with a group of individuals who have isolated themselves from civilization and maintained an independent community  vaguely similar to the Amish or a religious commune.
Melodye is unnerved.
All fun  games and activities she proposes are forbidden.
Valancy  an elder  advises Melodye to stay   and Melodye.
She senses that things are about to change.
Herself is a part.
Melodye soon discovers.
The secluded and backwards residents are actually aliens.
A natural disaster destroyed their planet.
They are hoping to establish a life.
Landing  initially they shared their secret with local residents  but found.
Themselves condemned.
Many were killed.
The survivors forbade their children ever to use their abilities  even.
Young adults have been pushing for an end to these restrictions.
<EOS>
JB is a wealthy industrialist.
Who decides to take a break away from business concerns.
He lands there to find.
His caretaker has rented his house  taken the rent and left for Kasi with his wife.
His daughter Manorama and brother are left in charge of the house and the guests.
JB decides not to reveal his identity and pretends to be a wealthy man  Balu  willing to pay rent.
Nagesh takes the money and gives him JB s room.
He keeps playing practical jokes they keep clashing.
She brings her friends and tries to drive JB.
Who are.
She gets angry and tells her parents to get her married force pilot.
He gets the friends.
Balu confesses his love.
Asokan turns out to be a school friend.
He also agrees to play along.
Asokan discovers.
Balu and Geetha are actually aside.
Geetha thinks and tries to run away.
When Balu is finally revealed.
The wedding plans are yet another.
He finds her.
All misunderstandings are cleared.
The two get married.
The plot is broadly based.
Features Rock Hudson and Gina Lollobrigida.
<EOS>
Susan  a newly married young woman still wearing her bridal gown  leaves with her new husband and eventually arrives at a hotel.
Another woman seems to be stalking the couple.
She has a violent fantasy.
When Susan is left alone.
She insists  and so they do.
When her husband returns.
The couple arrives.
Where the husband apparently grew up.
This is.
Where the rest unfolds.
The wife sees the woman.
She does not tell her husband.
Susan notices.
There are paintings but none of the wives.
She is told.
The wives  paintings are.
Susan notices.
One has the face cut out of it.
Susan s husband tells her.
The woman is named Mircalla Karnstein  one of his ancestors  who two hundred years before murdered her husband on their wedding night because he supposedly made her commit unspeakable acts.
Susan has violent dreams involving the mysterious woman.
She has been seeing.
She wakes up and finds a dagger.
Susan starts to become detached from her husband.
The husband calls.
Why she is having all and what is wrong with her.
Soon Mircalla is invading Susan s dreams  persuading her to use a mysterious dagger   to butcher Susan s husband.
Keeps reappearing no matter where it is hidden.
Mircalla did hers.
One day  the husband discovers a naked woman buried  with only her snorkel providing air.
Strolling out.
He digs her out and takes her home.
Where she reveals herself to be Carmilla.
Susan falls.
Who seduces Susan and puts the bite to drink her blood and possess her in a lesbian relationship.
The husband finally catches on.
Carmilla is really his ancestor Mircalla Karnstein and a vampire  and that his life is.
The repressed Susan s desires are awakened.
She embarks.
They kill the doctor  the guardian.
They try to kill the husband too  but he kills them.
The two women are resting as vampires.
The servant s daughter arrives  and reveals  she then kneels and allows the husband to shoot her once.
This happens.
She was bitten too.
He returns.
The scene cuts.
The husband was found and arrested.
<EOS>
The film takes place  with footage from a fictional pop group Dessert opening the movie  and closing during the credits.
Tokyo  May 27th  54 teenage schoolgirls commit mass suicide.
At a hospital  two nurses commit suicide by jumping out of a window.
Rolls of flesh are found  with the missing skin matching removed flesh on corpses.
Three detectives - Kuroda  Shibusawa  and Murata  are notified.
Shows the number.
May 28   a group of students jump off the roof during a lunch break  due to an escalating series of events  sending the city in search of a Suicide Club.
The suicide boom has spread all over Japan.
Mitsuko is.
When she gets hit.
Mitsuko is taken for questioning.
Where the police strip search Mitsuko and discover that she has a butterfly tattoo.
The police receive a call from a boy.
Who warns that  another mass suicide will take place at the same platform.
The detectives organize a.
Order to prevent another mass suicide.
There is no suicide.
Meanwhile  the individual and smaller-scale group suicides continue all  claiming many lives  including Kuroda s entire family.
He gets a call.
Who warned them.
Meanwhile  Kiyoko is caught.
Whose hideout is a small subterranean bowling alley  where he resides.
Genesis performs a song.
Stomping bound in white sacks.
Kiyoko e-mails the authorities information about her whereabouts.
The police arrest Genesis.
It is assumed.
The Suicide Club is caught.
Mitsuko goes to her boyfriend s home to return his helmet.
Where she notices the Dessert posters and recognizes a pattern.
Soon  the boy calls her to tell and to invite her to a secret concert.
Her there is no Suicide Club.
Mitsuko sneaks into the backstage area.
Where she wanders.
She sees a group.
Who ask her a series.
Mitsuko impresses the children  so they take her.
Where a strip is shaved off  where the butterfly-tattoo is located.
A new roll ends up with the police.
Detective Shibusawa recognizes.
That evening he sees Mitsuko.
She is standing.
The credits roll.
The train pulls out.
<EOS>
Shelby Barret is a stable hand  called Nicko.
Who rides show horses.
She meets Johnny Wyatt  the destitute son.
Who plays polo.
Nouveau-riche Gene Fairchild  a horseman  is.
Who rides his own entries.
Nicko is with Johnny  who has curried her favour.
However   Shelby and Johnny fall in love.
Nicko and Fairchild are jealous.
Nicko fires Shelby.
Only encourages Johnny to leave her employ.
They elope to marry.
Johnny brings Shelby home.
His snobbish family does not approve and treat her frigidly.
They frown even more.
When the newlyweds start a business handling the horses.
Shelby had been expecting a loan in Kentucky to start the business.
Shelby borrows without telling the proud but broke Johnny.
When he is unable to provide the money.
Nicko soon shows up and starts gossip.
Does not help matters.
Fairchild invites Shelby.
When Johnny is away.
She tries to contact Johnny  but.
When that fails she accepts the invitation.
The client and his female companion  chorus girl Olga  show up drunk.
Olga accidentally falls overboard and drowns.
Fairchild is accused.
He intends to keep Shelby out.
It looks bad  while Shelby is afraid of scandal.
The Wyatt family talk.
The case is  with one of the ship s officers saying that he saw Fairchild leaving the ship with a mysterious woman in red.
Shelby snaps and confesses.
She is the woman.
She shows up to provide witness.
The Wyatt family also come.
Shelby tells the court.
It was her.
Thus she saves Fairchild.
She knows.
She is risking her marriage  and wonders whether Johnny will understand and forgive her  although she has done nothing to be forgiven for.
Eugene proposes.
Shelby divorce Johnny and marry him.
Shelby admits.
She still loves her husband.
Shelby and Johnny are reconciled.
Johnny chooses her love.
<EOS>
The film starts.
He goes to visit his friend   and finds a letter.
Who has been helping him collect his mail.
Manoharlal writes.
He is willing eleven lakh rupees.
It was originally willed.
Though  Manoharlal decides to give the money to Madan.
Madan promptly gets a truck and sets off.
His friend drags him to a wedding.
The two discuss the wedding.
If he was  he would run away.
True enough   she decides to run away and hide.
When an eavesdropping friend tells the bride  Raksha.
Raksha disguises herself with the psedonym of Sardar Nihal Singh and hides in his truck.
Madan discovers him and the two quarrel nonstop.
Madan is compelled to take him along.
The boy has money  food and water.
The disguise soon comes loose.
Sardar Nihal Singh is revealed to be a girl.
Madan does nt know her past.
The two fall in love  with Madan teasing her on several occasions  calling her a thief.
Raksha   finally finds happiness travelling.
Who was unhappy.
Madan goes off to see his friend  Radheshyam  but is informed.
When the two reach Bombay.
Manoharlal has died.
A shocked Madan takes out the letter and finds out.
It is a few months old.
Radheshyam says.
All the property has gone.
<EOS>
Harold Crick is an auditor  living his entire life based on the timing of his wristwatch.
He is given the job to audit an intentionally tax-delinquent baker  Ana Pascal.
Whom he is awkwardly attracted.
He begins hearing the voice of a woman.
Is omnisciently narrating the events.
He is unable to communicate.
Harold s watch stops working.
He resets it using the time  the voice narrates little did.
He know that this simple  seemingly innocuous act would result.
Worried  Harold turns to a psychiatrist.
Who attributes the voice.
There really is a narrator  he should then visit an expert.
Crick visits Jules Hilbert  a university literature professor  and relates his story.
Jules first comes.
Harold s dull life is not something commonly seen.
However  Jules then recognizes aspects  and encourages him to help identify the author  first by determining.
The work is a comedy or a tragedy.
The two begin to fall.
Harold proceeds to audit Ana.
Ana angrily tells him to leave  making.
When Harold refuses to accept cookies that Ana made on the grounds that they could be viewed as a bribe.
Harold believe the story is a tragedy.
Harold spends the next day at home to try to control his own destiny and stop the plot of the book by doing absolutely nothing.
His apartment is partially demolished.
Jules then believes.
Since Harold can not control the plot that has been set  he should accept that he will die and enjoy whatever time he has left to the fullest.
Harold takes this  he takes an extended vacation from work  develops his friendship with his co-worker Dave  fulfills his dream of learning to play the guitar and starts to see Ana on a regular basis.
Harold believes and now reassesses it.
He may have mistaken his story.
Harold inadvertently identifies the voice from a television interview as noted author Karen Eiffel.
When he returns to Jules.
Jules  an admirer  reveals.
Every book she has written is.
Karen has been struggling and is currently researching numerous ways to have Crick die.
Her publisher has sent an assistant  Penny  to make sure.
The book gets completed.
Harold finds Eiffel.
She is horrified.
When Karen learns that Harold is a real person and has experienced everything she s written.
All may have also resulted in the deaths of real people.
She tells Harold.
She has finally written a draft  but has not typed it up yet  since all the events in the book become true when she strikes the period key.
Penny suggests.
Harold read the book and the drafted ending to get his opinion.
Harold is unable to bring himself to read it and gives the manuscript to review.
Jules confirms its excellence  labeling it  and makes clear.
Harold s death is integral.
Jules comforts him  this one death  at least  will have a deeper meaning by completing the book.
Harold is deeply distressed.
Harold reads the manuscript himself  he returns the manuscript to Karen  telling her the death.
She has written for him is beautiful and that she should keep it as it is.
Accepting his fate  he spends one last night.
The next day Harold prepares to return to work  despite Karen s voice narrating the fateful day.
She types up her planned ending.
He arrives in front of the arriving bus but falls.
Harold s watch is three minutes fast.
Karen continues to write  narrating  saving the boy  however Karen is unable to complete the sentence confirming Harold s death.
Harold leaps and pushes the child out of the way.
Harold wakes up to find himself but alive  Ana by his side.
He learns.
Fragments helped to block the right ulnar artery in his body after the collision  preventing him from bleeding to death.
He notes.
When Jules reads Karen s final manuscript.
The story is weaker.
Karen admits the flaw    the story would have lost its tragic impact.
She points out that the story was meant to be.
His wristwatch -- anthropomorphized throughout most of the film -- is now the character.
Who died tragically.
<EOS>
The story is set.
A journalistic anachronism.
When media houses have become.
It is helmed  it has among its ranks an intrepid scribe Dheeran.
He is no journeyman journalist.
He is writer as well as a doer.
He uses the hands.
When the power looks like slackening.
Push the pen  so to say.
And then there is harried colleague Erimalai.
Who is just a step away.
Meghala is an enterprising intern.
Who drives Dheeran distraction.
Dheeran runs.
Represented. 
Dheeran frustrate all the evil plans of the duo.
But a new water bottling plant becomes a major confrontation issue.
Dheeran goes hammer and tongs.
It would be harmful.
Dheeran painstakingly exposes all the chinks.
Shanmugasundaram has to come.
He sure does and thinks.
He has done away.
Did he.
Shanmugha Sundaram and Alankaram had come a long way.
But Dheeran  slowly but stealthily  exposes them.
He exposes all their bad deeds.
.
The satellite rights has been bageed.
<EOS>
A relic is created in 50 AD and then hidden by Jews from a Crusader mob in medieval.
An academic under instructions from Magnus Martel is seen with the relic - the Loculus - researching on the ground to find the right place to hide it.
Magnus s son Jake  an ace cryptographer  is released and recruited by his father for research on the Loculus.
Magnus reveals -  Magnus realises the Loculus  massive power for good or evil and has hidden it to ensure.
The Loculus relates.
It does not fall.
Jake hides whilst members of the organisation kill and flay his father.
Jake then flees and seeks help from the Roman Catholic priest Father Ray Connolly.
The trail takes the three characters.
They discover.
The Loculus is related and has been hidden on Patmos  writing-place of the Book of Revelation.
Father Connolly stays behind.
Mira and Jake go and find the Loculus hidden in a crypt beneath a Greek Orthodox church and former temple to Mary Magdalene as Aphrodite.
Using the reflective properties they reveal a hexagram built into the floor  an occult symbol.
Jake and Mira disrobe and make love to unlock it  experiencing a vision of themselves as Christ and Mary Magdalene before fleeing into the crypt.
When they hear a pursuer approaching.
The pursuer turns out to in fact be Father Connolly.
Together they finally work out the Loculus s meaning - its significance lies in the four nails holding it together.
Are those used to crucify Christ and retain organic matter.
The Templars and the order have continually attempted to use the DNA to resurrect Christ  but have failed until the genetic advances of the present day.
The three argue as.
What to do.
Ray wishes to take it.
Ray prevails and traps the other two.
The order s Grand Master seizes the Loculus  puts Ray under torture and sends troops to kill Mira and Jake.
The couple manage to flood the chambers to kill the troops.
The church s monks are alerted by an emergency postcard sent by Connolly before his departure  but only Mira manages to escape - Jake is fatally buried.
The Grand Master has cloned Christ and.
Him not only proclaimed the Messiah but put under his own tutelage and control.
That he can brutalize him and rule the world.
The film closes.
She has given birth by a Martel and that she must keep him secret from the order so as to oppose the Grand Master s puppet Christ.
<EOS>
Jas  Ellen and Rosie spot two new students.
Have just moved to Eastbourne.
They are brothers -- fraternal twins Robbie and Tom.
Georgia announces.
It is Boy stalking time.
Soon the girls follow the boys.
Who are exploring Eastbourne.
Jas and Georgia find out.
Robbie and Tom s mother owns a small  local  and organic vegetable store.
They go there  pretending to be customers  and Jas and Tom quickly bond.
Jas quickly tells Georgia.
She s interested.
Georgia agrees.
She soon realizes that Robbie  the other brother  has a cat and plays.
Georgia hatches a plan to get closer to Robbie  by pretending.
Her cat  Angus  has gone missing.
Jas has had Angus  but he escapes.
She is watching Tom playing sports.
Tom ends up rescuing him.
Georgia had discovered.
Robbie s parents were divorced while they were looking.
Tom asks Jas out.
The pair begin dating.
Georgia discovers that Robbie is seeing Georgia s rival - Lindsay.
Georgia s father has been offered a job in New Zealand.
He goes to prepare for the family to move out with him.
Georgia s mum hires.
A handsome builder called Jem to re-do the living room  and begins to spend increasingly longer periods with him  making Georgia worried as to the state of her parents marriage.
Also  Georgia becomes the unofficial head by doing a vast majority of the cooking.
The looking.
Georgia is upset at school.
Jas is constantly abandoning the Ace Gang to hang out.
She wo nt walk with them  eat lunch with them  or leave school with them.
Georgia explains this to her.
Jas quickly tells them later.
She s gotten them all invited.
The Ace Gang goes.
Who would help out.
Who were having trouble kissing.
Peter Dyer took a severe liking  and kept calling her and not leaving her alone.
He confronts her  by practically forcing her to dance with him  and tells her.
He needs to talk.
He drags her outside against her will  and begins talking to her.
He claims.
Kisses her.
Georgia  not to kiss him back  falls backwards and into some bushes.
Robbie and Lindsay  and Jas and Tom arrive at the party together.
Robbie sees the exchange and angrily goes inside   her skirt came up.
Lindsay pokes fun by rudely commenting on the size of Georgia s underwear for  when Peter and Georgia fell.
Jas looks.
Georgia tries her best to get out with dignity.
Tom invites Jas to go swimming.
Georgia expressed her humiliation of the events at the party the other night.
Jas explains  and tells Georgia.
She will be going.
This will be the perfect opportunity to explain the events to Robbie herself.
She hears.
When Georgia wants to know where Lindsay will be.
Lindsay does nt like the water.
Georgia meets them and brings her sister along.
She is stuck babysitting her.
Georgia manages to get Jas to come.
She shows Jas.
Libby is changing.
What she has accidentally done.
She put some spray tan onto them.
They turned orange.
She used too much.
Helpfully asks Tom to take Libby swimming.
When they all come out again  and after Georgia hastily introduces Libby.
Robbie asks Georgia to swim.
Then Georgia tells Robbie.
She s not dating Peter  and that it was all a big misunderstanding.
Robbie is pleased.
They enjoy a brief splash.
Then  Georgia suggests.
They do handstands.
Robbie gets a good look.
She does hers.
Georgia  embarrassed  says.
She is a pathetic excuse.
Robbie playfully comments.
They look.
Georgia covers her face.
Robbie pulls Georgia s hands away  leading.
Georgia has been wanting.
Robbie awkwardly pulls away  then leaves  claiming.
He has to sort some things out but that he will call Georgia later.
Georgia calls Jas and tells her.
Jas is very happy.
Then  Georgia tells Jas.
Where she and Robbie left their conversation.
Jas does nt understand.
What Robbie meant some some things out either.
Then  Georgia tells Jas.
Robbie said that he would call her.
Jas tells Georgia.
Tom called her the same day he d told her that he would be calling her.
Georgia says goodbye.
It is her dad  telling her.
He s really enjoying New Zealand  but that he only wants to speak.
Georgia hangs up.
When the doorbell rings.
She goes to see.
Who it is.
It is Peter.
Who is very happy to see Georgia  and goes in to kiss her again.
Georgia steps outside and closes the door her mum.
Libby wo nt hear.
She tells Peter.
She is still recovering and that she ca nt go out with him.
Georgia says the only thing  I ca nt go out.
When Peter demands to know why.
She can come up.
I m a lesbian.
Dave the Laugh passes Georgia notes in the library  asking Georgia.
She is really a lesbian.
Georgia.
Who sent the note.
She is nt.
Then  Dave says.
Robbie said that she was nt.
This sparks new interest.
Then Dave tells her.
The Stiff Dylan s are having a gig  which upsets Georgia because Robbie did nt tell her about it.
Georgia ends up asking Dave the Laugh   Women are from Venus Georgia hatches a plan to make Robbie to realize his feelings for her by going to the gig with Dave the Laugh.
Reading Men are.
Robbie tries to talk at the gig  but is stopped by Lindsay.
Who tells him that she is holding a party.
Dave walks Georgia home.
Dave confesses.
He really likes her.
He tries to kiss her.
Georgia makes.
Him give her a handshake instead.
He then respectfully kisses her  and says see you around  beautiful.
Upsets Georgia.
The next day wo nt talk to Georgia.
He s found out that she was only using him to make Robbie jealous.
He calls Georgia a heartless user and tells her.
When Georgia confronts Dave.
He is upset that she tested her elastic band theory.
Dave ends up telling Robbie.
Georgia was only using him.
He stops talking.
He and Dave are best.
Georgia soon finds out.
It was Jas that leaked this information.
They have an argument.
Quickly turns physical.
They vow never to speak again.
Feeling  Georgia decides.
There is no point  because she no longer has any friends and is very upset in general.
It is best if they would move to New Zealand.
She makes major changes  including taking better care of the house due to her mother s frequent absences  cooking and looking after Libby  throwing out her teen magazines  listening to dolphins  and doing yoga for relaxation purposes.
She even dyes a streak.
Would be there and apologizes.
She leaves she goes.
Robbie tells her.
He dumped Lindsay  which makes Georgia sit down to take.
Robbie also tells her.
He wrote a song and that he wrote it when he was pissed off at her  but that he still likes her.
He stands up.
She does the same.
He offers her his hand.
Georgia thinks.
He is merely calling a truce.
Robbie laughs and calls her a moppet and tells her to hold his hand.
That they can walk together.
They are about to kiss.
Robbie discovers her blonde streak  and tells Georgia not to dye her hair.
Georgia s mum takes her to a club for the first time.
It turns out to be a surprise fifteenth birthday party.
Jas had secretly organized.
She is greeted  with Jas and Georgia befriending each other again.
Georgia s mother tells her that.
Begs her mother not to get a divorce.
Her mother does nt know  and reveals something else.
What she s talking about.
Georgia realizes.
Georgia s father has returned from New Zealand  deciding to stay in Eastbourne for a better job opportunity.
Another man comes up and stands.
When her mother asks Georgia to clarify what she was talking.
He wishes.
Georgia a happy birthday  and Georgia s mother says that this man  who is Jem s boyfriend  owns the club.
They ve all become friends.
Georgia could have the party that she wanted.
The Stiff Dylans are performing the song Ultraviolet.
Robbie had written.
Georgia introduces Ellen to Dave.
Who is still upset.
They are immediately attracted  and end up sharing a kiss.
Georgia also introduces an unnamed girl.
We do nt know.
What happens.
The Stiff Robbie.
Dylan s are interrupted mid-song and tells.
He would either have to take her back or lose her forever.
Lindsay calls Georgia several rude names  and calls herself perfect  and declares.
It s perfectly obvious which one he should choose.
Robbie takes Georgia s hand and pulls her on-stage  tells her.
Georgia is the one he wants  and that she s perfect.
Jas  and the other members join them.
Jas says.
Robbie prefers girls that are un-fake and pulls Lindsay s jellies.
Robbie apologizes.
Lindsay tried to ruin her party.
Georgia asks Robbie.
He really thinks she s perfect.
Robbie says.
He thinks she s mad  but that she s perfect.
He kisses Georgia.
The movie ends.
Begins with her parents  Libby  and Angus.
She tells us.
Now she is very happy  and that she does nt mind if her parents show their affection in front of them.
She does nt mind Libby s weirdness.
She does nt mind having a big nose.
We see Robbie waiting.
She walks out.
That they can walk together.
The scene changes on a date  simply walking around London and laughing together.
<EOS>
The film begins  with Father Lorenzo and Mother Agueda being tried before the Spanish Inquisition.
Lorenzo agreeing to confess and tell his story torture.
Order to escape.
The setting then turns.
Where Lorenzo is a charismatic and admired priest.
He listens by a young nun named Sister Ines   and reports her to the covenant s leader  Mother Agueda  despite the girl s pleas for help.
Who has become pregnant.
A young monk named.
Juan reveals she is actually a woman  Matilde de la Venegas.
Matilde is a wealthy orphan.
Entered his covenant.
Order to be.
Lorenzo goes to report her.
She threatens to commit suicide  claiming.
She does not care.
The nuns are gathered and debating.
What to do.
Some want to report to her the Inquisition  following protocol and ensuring the girl a fair trial  but Agueda  angered by Ines s denials of her advances  convinces the nuns.
The girl s obvious guilt allows the covenant to deal.
They imprison Ines.
Matilde continues to pursue Lorenzo.
He still wants her to leave  as he is attracted and afraid of breaking his priestly vows.
She agrees to go.
He is bitten.
Lorenzo reaches.
He recovers only to discover.
Matilde saved his life  poisoning herself gravely ill in the process.
Lorenzo is overcome.
They make love  breaking Lorenzo s vows.
Ramon  a young nobleman and Ines  lover  coming looking at the covenant  but is turned away.
Agueda lies.
When he later returns from the covenant.
Ines died.
Lorenzo becomes the confessor  and impassioned by his regained sexuality  begins pursuing the woman s innocent daughter Angela.
He becomes distant and confronts Angela  but she denies him.
He is thrown out.
Matilde convinces Lorenzo to continue  saying  and reveals.
She will do anything to make him happy.
She knows black magic.
Lorenzo agrees.
Matilde creates a potion.
Will leave Angela helpless.
That night Angela s mother discovers Lorenzo administering the potion.
Lorenzo kills her to keep her.
Matilde appears in a demonic form  and instructs him to cover up the murder by making.
It appear as though she committed suicide.
Ramon arrives.
Lorenzo is attempting in the bedchamber of the covenant.
Needing to hide  Matilde attempts to kill Angela but is stopped by Lorenzo.
Who regrets aloud conspiring.
The inquisition discovers them to the present.
Where Lorenzo is still being tried.
Agueda is imprisoned.
Lorenzo is convinced  and is burned at the stake.
<EOS>
Paulie is having a pretend tea party and his doll in the garden.
His father and mother watch.
Paulie s father  Jim  is annoyed.
His son is wearing his mother s dress and takes him to buy a ferret so that they can go rabbit hunting.
Paulie picks a ferret and calls him Mickey.
Jim takes his son.
Jim tells Paulie to release the ferret.
Who scares the rabbits out.
Paulie is upset.
When he learns that the true meaning is to kill bunnie rabbits.
They arrive home.
Which Jim s wife complains what she is to do.
He tells her to make rabbit stew.
Paulie tells him.
When Jim goes.
He fed Mickey eclairs so he is nt hungry anymore and so wo nt have to kill any more rabbits.
Paulie refuses to eat the rabbit meat and runs out to the shed.
He tells him to put Mickey back and go finish his food.
When Jim confronts Paulie.
Paulie refuses and tells him to do it himself.
Holding the ferret up.
Jim is actually scared and backs up knocking some petrol cans over  causing the ferret to bite Paulie on the lip.
Jim realises.
Returning the ferret.
It was his intolerance.
Caused Paulie.
Back  Paulie is upset about losing Mickey.
When Jim sits and invites him on a fishing trip.
He says  I suppose  and hands him his doll.
When Paulie declines.
You ll need this then.
The two sit together and have a pretend tea party.
<EOS>
Major George Daviot is left.
He has fallen with another woman  Josie Bradford  the wife of one of his fellow officers.
Daviot goes off.
The tension is obvious during grouse shooting.
Bradford is clearly aware.
That evening played.
For high stakes Daviot is accused.
None believe the accusation.
Though they are unaware that Bradford has against Daviot.
Bradford sticks from Daviot.
The other guests frightened.
The scandal becomes widely known  persuade all to hush the matter up.
Daviot agrees to keep quiet.
Though he still wants to clear his name.
Daviot proposes to Josie and live in spite of the scandal.
She leave her husband.
Her lukewarm response leads him to realise.
Her interest is shallow.
She subsequently reconciles.
They go abroad to spend time together.
Daviot tries to continue.
Rumours begin to spread.
His life disintegrates.
He no longer finds himself welcome.
His friends begin to cut him socially.
Who know him to be innocent.
Hounded out  Daviot retreats to a cheap boarding house in Bayswater.
Where he ceases to go out or even open letters.
His one remaining hope  is dashed.
He begins to consider suicide.
Ann Daviot  meanwhile  has been touring aimlessly  possibly never to return to Britain.
As soon she returns to help him.
She hears he is.
He is unresponsive and derides her.
Eventually she goads him.
He initiates court proceedings.
If he loses he will be allowed to take gentlemen s way out.
Daviot attempts to clear his name by suing Bradford and Grant for slander.
<EOS>
A bather -LRB-  A policeman grows  witnessed by a growing crowd.
Is not appreciative and trouble.
The bather tries to escape but is eventually caught by the collar.
A crowd accompany his arrest.
<EOS>
Shankar is a Delhi-born and bred just-He lives a life anyone would envy  I love you  my dear son  without making it sound like a threat.
Who cant even say.
He also has a younger brother.
Who is shown to be a pilot.
This is not.
Shankar is happy telling him.
Where he belongs.
Shankar s Delhi-based girlfriend is a Kannadati and does a pretty neat job teaching our Hindi-speaking friend some Kannada.
Shankar s mom is making arrangements to have him married.
This jolly little couple has their head stuck.
Reluctantly Shankar agrees to see the.
He realizes.
The letter B stands for ` Bangaadi  which is either a person or a town of some sort.
Shankar finally finds a ray.
To add more oxygen he discovers.
He is a Kannadiga too.
It has been so long.
I have heard that language.
A shiver runs.
We see ourselves mirrored.
One brilliantly shot scenes in the movie.
Anant confesses.
He walked away since it  according to him  betrayed his father and no longer wishes to be a part of it.
Shankar   has found new light.
He will not let anything stop him.
Shankar takes off on his unknown journey.
He visits his college mate and is shocked to realize.
` Bangaadi  actually is a small village not far.
He visits his roots.
Another scene was.
Appealed. 
When he places his hand.
It is then.
You realize he has found his home.
His real home.
Shankar meets his grand-father s sister  an old and frail lady appear.
Who is shocked and relieved to see her brother s.
She narrates the story and the incidents.
Led. 
She shows him the piece.
Belonged him to re-build the now in ruins house of theirs.
Enter Shaanbog sir.
Having run the old lady s life all these years  the idea does not please our man.
He has a young and cheerful daughter.
Who teaches.
The village belle plucks out her heart and hands it over.
Is customary since they began.
-LSB- Sometimes I wonder.
I too should find a village and go there since the city girls do nt seem to be caring that I too am a ` videsi babu.
-RSB- Meanwhile Shankar returns home.
He can not wait to tell them all and take the entire family with him to Bangaadi.
None agree to return except a disappointed Shankar.
We would know it.
Another neat scene is.
When he waits.
There comes a moment.
Where he almost alights and walks away from his quest.
His heart and his grandmother s words stop him.
Shankar has embarked.
A weeping ` I-don ` t-love-you-enough-to-support-your-cause  girlfriend watches the train disappear.
Once back accelerate.
And not.
Manages to gracefully build a strong bridge.
Great will comes great grace and hence Shankar.
A bridge does so.
The Shanbhog swears never to step on but.
More development projects catch.
Speed supply that our engineer-babu manages to generate He turns to the back bone of our nation - agriculture and starts working on his land much to Shanbog s envy and rage.
The teacher girl manages to blend herself and starts dreaming of a life together with this noble man.
Enter Shankar s long-lost Delhite Kannadati girlfriend.
The rest is cliche.
The remaining part is up for grabs.
It involves all the necessary elements.
<EOS>
Martian invader  Mota  attempts to conquer the Earth.
Mars is worried.
They consider.
It would be much safer  and beneficial  if the Martians were in charge.
Mota  having been shot down  blackmails American scientist  and former Nazi  Dr Bryant into assisting him and hires some criminals to be his henchmen.
Kent Fowler  the private pilot  gets caught up while working security for atomic industrial sites.
Who shot down Mota.
<EOS>
The lives  in downtown Mexico City  are as closely knitted as the threads of a rug.
Fifty-something Don Ru owns a small cantina.
Where all the men spend afternoons playing domino.
He s tired with Eusebia and has recently discovered new feelings inside his heart.
It does not matter  it s platonic love.
These feelings are not aimed after all  as one of the characters says.
Don Ru s son Chava does not like.
What he sees and almost kills his father s lover.
Running away  Chava escapes to the USA with his friend Abel.
Who is deeply with beautiful Alma  the daughter of Dona Cata  a tarot reader with bad luck in love.
Susanita  the ugly landlady looking  Guicho  Don Ru s cynical employee  Maru  Don Fidel  Dona Flor  Zacarias and mean Jose Luis complete the cast of characters of this complex portrait of lives.
<EOS>
The story has been adapted by shojo manga artist  Kaim Tachibana.
The manga is also entitled Boys Love.
<EOS>
A small poor community called.
Jave is.
The only way to prevent this is to prove the town s historical value.
They have no choice.
Most are illiterate.
To ask  a man to keep his job in Jave s seldom-used post office.
Who has been ostracized ever since it was discovered that he had sent out letters as a way.
He now has the task.
The city was founded.
What happened.
<EOS>
Four men plot a bank robbery using heavy ammunition to intimidate clients and the police force expecting to have better life.
However  one employee activates the silent alarm.
The criminals are chased.
They fire about 20000 shots  kill one policeman  hit eight others  and damage many cars and one helicopter.
The two survivors are sentenced to life without parole.
<EOS>
Countess Diana Gaston meets Vittorio Serra  the grandson.
Convinced  she does all.
She has met the man.
She can to keep him.
Unfortunately both are.
This leads.
Vittorio s passion leads to continued diagreements between he and the countess.
The two separate over their disagreements.
Remaining civil.
Though both believe that they can not live.
He meets Adriana.
When Vittorio attends a party thrown.
Who immediately falls with him.
His indecision causes her to try and make him jealous.
He does not fall.
Vittorio then leaves to Sicily  he learns.
Diana and Adriana have been corresponding.
The jealosy does arise.
Vittorio asks Adriana to marry him.
Though he loves the countess more.
She refuses.
She throws a tantrum and breaks objects precious.
When Diana learns.
She knows he superstitiously depends upon.
Vittrio then learns.
Adriana has married Bonelli  his friend and fellow auto racer.
Vittorio removes his lucky bracelet.
Diana has a premonition.
Before she learns the news that Vittorio has died.
<EOS>
The Spanish Conqueror Hernando Cortes and his small army rode into the Aztec capital of the vast Aztec Empire.
Where they were welcomed.
The Aztec civilization was in a state of orphanage  the survivors having lost their families  homes  language  temples.
Gods The Other Conquest opens.
When Topiltzin  a skillful Aztec scribe who is one  survives the Massacre of the Great Temple by hiding under a corpse.
He finds his people dead.
The Spaniards leave the sacred site.
Topiltzin is still striving to preserve the cult of Tonantzin  based upon the Aztec Mother Goddess.
Two incompatible ways come face to face.
When a squadron commanded discover the clandestine human sacrifice of a beautiful Aztec princess.
Violence erupts.
Topiltzin manages to escape.
Friar Diego believe he is drawn.
He is eventually captured and presented.
Who has just returned to Las Hibueras.
Cortes has taken Emperor Moctezuma s daughter and heiress  the notorious Tecuichpo  as his new mistress and interpreter.
She reveals.
A skeptical Cortes spares the young man s life  but.
Turn decides to convert him with the aid of Tecuichpo and Friar Diego.
Topiltzin is confined in the Franciscan Monastery of Our Lady of Light.
Five years later   Tomas is struggling to reconcile two worlds.
Which could hardly be more different but which also share some basic truths.
However  Friar Diego realizes.
Tomas and Dona Isabel are forging Cortes s correspondence.
Things become even worse.
When Friar Diego discovers them making love.
Friar Diego takes it  and asks Cortes to keep Dona Isabel from returning to the monastery.
A pregnant Dona Isabel is secluded.
The overwhelming absence erodes.
What is left.
He falls.
A well-meaning Indian nun applies medieval remedies.
These only help turn his feverish attacks.
Merge Christian and Aztec imagery.
Tomas has a vision.
Whereby the Virgin Mary is revealed.
The arrival  a token of gratitude from Cortes to Friar Diego  now causes Tomas to become genuinely drawn to the statue as a substitute for all.
He has lost.
He sets to conquer her.
Redemption will follow.
He absorbs her powers  if he fuses.
Is the Indian s conversion real.
Who is in fact converting whom.
<EOS>
The film follows the journey from the Middle East.
The pilgrim buys a flute.
Who is visibly ill.
The pilgrim starts to show signs of illness and is transported to the city s General Hospital.
His disease is initially misdiagnosed.
The smallpox virus starts spreading very quickly.
The authorities attempt to subdue the outbreak.
The disease is correctly identified.
Eventually  these measures prove to be effective to subdue the epidemic.
<EOS>
Na-young is an office worker  and loud cynical mother .
Who lives.
She is becoming more and more like her mother.
One day her father suddenly disappears.
She skips her international airplane flight to find him.
She is somehow transported back in time to.
When her parents  relationship was just beginning.
She meets her mother  now a poor woman working hard never received.
Her father / teaches.
Is a charming man who delivers the mail and befriends.
To read and write.
Na-Young is taken and   the two become very close.
They are now roughly the same age.
Na-Young is able to experience the trials  heartbreaks  and celebrations before she herself is suddenly transported back into the present time.
<EOS>
It is the early.
Distinguished philosopher Leopold and his much younger fiancee  Ariel  are going to spend a weekend.
Is womanising doctor Maxwell and his latest girlfriend  free-thinking nurse  Dulcy.
Old romances reignite  new romances develop.
Everyone ends up sneaking off.
<EOS>
First Lieutenant Shunichi Maki is a prestigious F-15 Eagle jet pilot.
A lifelong fan.
He was a child  being a pilot.
Unfortunately  his duties distance himself  Yoko   and his son  Tsugumu.
Who always ends up being neglected.
Who has a congenital blood disease and has a high risk.
Maki decides to quit the Air Force to devote more time and to spend.
Whatever is left.
He takes a part-time job.
Who allow him time to work and to also take care.
However  Yamashima are alerted to a strange red light streaking towards Japan.
Maki s plane collides.
However  he has suffered no ill effects other.
He later discovers.
The images are due to telepathic messages from the strange being in the light.
<EOS>
Canadian ex-serviceman Bob Regan returns  the English town  hoping to find Pat Lane  the girl with.
Where he was stationed.
He fell.
He meets up.
Who now manages Oldchester United  the local football club.
He also renews his friendship.
Mike tells Bob - the money is theirs.
Oldchester United win promotion.
Not it goes.
He remembers Bob  and asks him to sign up for the team to boost the promotion quest.
Bob agrees.
The nephew Nick Hammond is determined  and is worried.
The money will be his.
Bob s football prowess may well propel the team.
He is acquainted and persuades her to join him in a scheme to scupper Oldchester s chances.
Knowing.
Pat cares nothing.
The team fails  he will give her a share of the inheritance.
The mercenary Pat jumps  begins to work her charms on Bob and soon lures him to London to be with her.
He is talent-spotted  and signed up by Arsenal F.
C.
Bob becomes aware of Pat s true colours  seeks his release from Arsenal and returns to Oldchester.
Where reformed jail-bird Tony Warren becomes his unofficial bodyguard.
The end approaches with Oldchester needing to win their final home match to gain promotion.
The game starts well.
However Nick   succeeds in kidnapping Bob at the half-time interval.
The tables are turned.
Bob is freed.
He gets back during the closing stages of the match  to find Oldchester trailing by one goal.
Returning  he scores two late goals to seal Oldchester s victory  promotion and financial windfall.
He realises his attraction to Jackie and the couple embrace.
<EOS>
Cale Bryant is an eighteen year old boy.
He decides to delve deeper  debuting in the world of Motocross.
He decides to choose his own future   independently  to help him become a champion with the support of parents and his girlfriend.
That he is an adult.
Cale  decided to enroll in the National Championship for amateur motocross  convinced.
He can win.
<EOS>
Two teenage friends find themselves in love and have to face the prejudices of a conservative society.
<EOS>
Hayate  Nagi and the gang spend the last days at Nishizawa s countryside vacation home.
But a mysterious spirit has concocted a scheme to separate the butler.
<EOS>
A young American man arrives by plane.
A taxi driver immediately gets word to Frank Ginetta.
Who hides  armed  until he realizes that the visitor he s been warned about is actually his kid brother  Vinnie.
Frank happily welcomes his brother and takes him home  catching up.
But his wife  Ida  reminds him  suggesting.
They re going to send someone.
Perhaps Vinnie is the one.
Frank recalls better times in New York  beginning with Vinnie s homecoming from military service and subsequent marriage to Emma Bertolo.
The father is a Mafia don.
Is the groom s brother  Frank.
And are mob leaders like Egan  Rotherman and Levin.
Who are the equals in the New York region s organized crime.
The board is increasingly unhappy.
Who seems to oppose every new idea.
Frank also dispenses justice  without seeking approval from the others.
When two kill a stool pigeon in the marshes  tying him to a chair with a canary stuffed in his mouth.
Frank still fondly remembers his father.
Who also was a Mafioso before someone ordered his death.
Vinnie is more.
They intend to pursue.
Frank resents this  striking Vinnie and insisting to the board.
Vinnie will have no part in what they have planned.
Older  no longer consulted members make it clear to Frank  Frank s father included.
It was Dom Bertolo who gave the orders long ago to kill.
He seized power.
Frank takes irreversible action.
When it becomes clear that the board is planning a similar fate.
He pretends to befriend Dominick and offer a truce.
When he is taking him to a deserted warehouse to be executed.
Frank hides out  but knows.
His days are numbered.
Realizing  Frank accepts.
It is Vinnie who has been sent to do the job.
His fate  hands Vinnie their father s shotgun  then is killed.
<EOS>
Internet-Video and pornography obsessed teenager Robert arrives first at the scene of two older girl twins dying due to drugs contaminated with rat poison.
Confused  Robert does not call but rather simply walks over to the girls and sits on the floor with them  pulling one into his lap.
She dies.
This scene  caught  is repeatedly shown  but always from the same angle  with Robert s back to the viewer.
The viewer can not see her death but only hear her cries slowly subside.
This is all caught.
Robert was using.
The girls die.
An atmosphere sets in among students and teachers  Robert being affected as well.
The school claims and enforces a new  much harsher  drug policy.
The drugs were bought.
Wherein bags are searched.
Students are expelled.
Robert and another student  Amy  are assigned to make a memorial video.
The school is not happy and has it re-edited  to make a smoother version.
Robert and Amy begin a romantic relationship.
Making the video.
Wherein they both have sex.
However  it is later hinted  as well.
Amy and Rob s roommate may be involved romantically.
He fights.
Who sold the drugs  and shouts that he killed the girls.
The school questions him  and is relieved.
Robert says it was not substantiated.
Robert is asked to take a leave from the school.
Toward the end  we are finally shown the scene of the girls  deaths from the front and see Robert pressing his hand over her mouth and nose  smothering her.
Later  Robert is shown  taking a daily dose of pills  an act are for mental health.
Robert is seen previously to not be involved in  showing that Robert is now.
<EOS>
Toby and Les meet.
When Toby interrupts a crowd.
Les requests get coffee and two of his colleagues.
Toby go.
Toby is stopped by Kharma s agents from the inside of a building and asked to see.
The photographers are looking.
The agents guide Kharma past Toby.
The photographers look away.
The photographers catch on and rush  colliding with Toby and spilling some coffee.
Later that night  Toby approaches Les  scaring him.
He claims  but eventually asks to stay that night  saying and does nt have a place to stay.
He was bringing his change back.
He is really cold.
The next day  Toby offers to be his assistant.
Les accepts.
Later that night   Les and Toby overhear a celebrity s agent talking about.
Where his client is getting surgery done.
Toby writes down the address.
They show up there the next day.
Les gets a shot of the celebrity  referring to it as the shot heard ` round the world.
He only gets $.
Les offers to take Toby s headshots free.
Eventually  their partnership begins to wear thin.
Kharma takes Toby backstage  angering the latter.
The next day   Toby gets a call from Kharma.
Who invites him.
Toby agrees.
He can bring Les along  making it up.
However  even after agreeing not to do so  Les takes pictures of Kharma with Elvis Costello  getting him.
Toby thrown out.
Toby is extremely angry.
Who feigns dropping his camera s memory card and offers to print up Toby s headshots and show them to a few people.
The next day  Toby says.
His stomach hurts and that he can not go.
Toby tries to leave.
He leaves.
Him only to find that Les has locked him.
He then walks and gets on his computer  discovering the pictures of Kharma and Elvis Costello on it.
Feeling betrayed  Toby escapes.
Later  we see Toby walking again.
A couple nears him.
He runs up  and stabs him in the stomach.
The woman tries to talk him out  but forgets her line.
A bell rings.
It is revealed.
The park is a film set.
Toby is the lead character.
Les repeatedly tries to talk by calling Toby s agent.
Toby finally speaks.
Les offers to apologize.
Toby declines.
Soon  Toby professes his love.
Skyrockets his popularity.
A jealous Les soon finds a vintage camera.
His father gave.
The camera is actually a hidden gun.
He resolves with it.
He walks down the red carpet with Kharma.
Les shows up  and raises the camera  getting ready to shoot him.
Then sees him kissing Kharma  and stops.
Toby sees him and asks him to come back.
He is trying to leave the crowd.
They shake hands.
Les takes his picture up close.
Les tells Toby to go.
Toby walks down the red carpet.
Les   is proud.
Disappointed that he is still an unknown photographer.
Les is shown on a Hollywood talk show discussing his picture of Toby.
The interviewer refers to  surprising Les greatly.
<EOS>
A sleepy seaside town.
Emily  a seventeen-year-old schoolgirl  lives.
Emily never knew her father.
He was a tom cat - a tourist.
Who wandered summer and was never seen again.
Susan is struggling to forget the past.
She has nt spoken for years.
Since she shamed the family.
Emily actively pursues a friendship.
Who spends his days fixing boats.
But Stephen has his own troubles  constantly haunted.
Stephen s sister Elizabeth is married.
Elizabeth suspects but is scared to uncover the truth.
Carl is being unfaithful.
Her son Joel has a secret love.
Emily is the first to realise.
When a Bible turns up.
Hoping is not enough.
<EOS>
One night  Wallace and Gromit are relaxing.
Where to go.
Wallace gets up to prepare tea  only to discover.
They are out.
Wallace suggests.
They should go somewhere where there is plenty.
They ultimately choose to go to the Moon.
Everybody knows the moon s made.
The two build a moon rocket  complete with easy chairs and a wallpapered cabin.
Wallace lights the rocket s fuse.
He realizes.
Only a minute to go.
They have forgotten to pack crackers.
He rushes out and hurries up to the kitchen to get crackers  making it back to the rocket a few seconds before the engine ignites.
Even  the rocket refuses to lift off.
Gromit realizes.
He has forgotten to release the hand brake and does so  allowing the rocket to lift off.
Is. 
They try out the lunar cheese  trying to determine.
What kind it is  but realize it s.
They decide to try another spot.
Where they find a mechanised storage facility   called the Cooker.
Wallace puts a coin.
Nothing happens  so he and Gromit continue.
The Cooker springs with two robotic arms springing out from either side of it.
They ve left.
It discovers Wallace and Gromit s picnic site  agitated  it cleans up the mess of dirty dishes.
It then discovers a magazine advertising skiing holidays lying  and develops a desire to travel to Earth and go skiing.
Wallace and Gromit had sampled earlier back together.
It gives them a parking ticket and is annoyed.
Shortly afterwards  the Cooker notices Wallace.
Aggravated  the Cooker sneaks up behind Wallace to bludgeon him with a truncheon.
It runs out and shuts down.
As Gromit notices the machine.
The previously-oblivious Wallace notices the Cooker  decides to take the truncheon  and inserts another coin into the Cooker in exchange for the truncheon.
The Cooker comes back.
Wallace and Gromit leave.
Realizing  the machine chases.
The rocket can take it where it can fulfill its dream of skiing.
Thinking  prepare.
It s angry for taking a large basket of lunar cheese.
The Cooker breaks into the rocket with a tin cutter.
Blundering  the Cooker lights a match near the fuel tank  causing an explosion.
The Cooker tries to hang on  but eventually is thrown as the rocket launches  ripping off two strips of metal from the rocket.
Initially crushed  the Cooker realizes.
It can use the metal strips.
The Cooker waves goodbye.
Happily skiing.
Who return home.
<EOS>
U.
S.
Based Anjali Thapar has repeated dreams in India  the temple of Devi Maa Durga  & some sword-wielding men on horseback.
She and her mother consult a pandit.
He advises them to go to clear this matter up.
This pertains.
Mr Thapar will only let Anjali go there  so Anjali decides to run away.
She marries the man.
Her father alerts a ruthless CBI Officer Sikander Baksh.
Who is soon.
Anjali meets  and then begins her journey into a past life  as Nandini  the lover of freedom fighter Abhay  and his subsequent death at the hands of British-aided traitor Tejeshwar Singhal.
Anjali does not know.
Tejeshwar is still alive  is a powerful minister  and has decided that he will make history repeat itself by separating the two lovers again - this time with the help of the government machinery.
<EOS>
Robert Martin lives with his dysfunctional family.
Who are long suffering wife Kat  accident prone son and pregnant teenage daughter next door to the Galleria shopping centre above the A1 about 25 miles north of London.
Competition addict Robert dreams.
He flips and tracks down the elderly winners  threatens them  ties them up in the cellar and steals their tickets.
When he fails to win a competition in which he feels cheated out.
The family enjoy the holiday.
However  the Police catch up  he s convicted and goes to jail.
He is later released to find.
His family life has improved since he was released.
<EOS>
Dorian Gray is a handsome  wealthy young man living.
He is naive and easily manipulated.
Generally intelligent.
These faults lead into sin and  ultimately  misery.
Dorian meets Basil s friend Lord Henry Wotton.
Posing by his friend Basil.
Wotton is cynical and witty  and tells Dorian.
The only life worth living is one dedicated entirely.
Youth and beauty will bring him everything he desires.
His portrait could age instead.
He makes this statement.
Supposedly has the power to grant wishes.
Dorian visits a tavern.
Where he falls with a beautiful singer named Sibyl Vane.
He eventually enters a romance.
They are engaged.
Dorian is again persuaded to pursue a more hedonistic lifestyle.
Initially overjoyed.
Dorian sends Sibyl a hurtful letter  breaking off their relationship  and compensating her.
The next morning  Lord Henry informs Dorian.
A heartbroken Sibyl Vane had killed herself the night.
Dorian is at first shocked and guilt-ridden  but then adopts Lord Henry s indifferent manner.
He surprises Basil.
Returning home that night  Dorian notices a change.
Basil had painted.
Now hangs.
The portrait now looks harsher.
A shaken Dorian has it locked away.
He becomes even more dedicated.
Years later  Dorian is nearing his fortieth birthday.
He looks the same.
He did when he was twenty two.
The townspeople are awestruck.
The portrait remained locked away  with Dorian holding the only key.
Dorian had grown more and more paranoid  and would even fire the servants.
He thought might suspect something.
The painting of the young Dorian had warped into that of a hideous  demon-like creature  to reflect Dorian s sins.
Basil eventually catches a glimpse and attempts to talk Dorian into reforming his life.
However  Dorian panics and murders his friend  leaving the body locked with the painting.
Dorian blackmails an old friend.
He then enters.
Who was a young child when the portrait was painted.
Those begin to find him suspicious.
Gladys had always loved Dorian.
Who were once close.
Dorian begins to realize the harm.
His life is doing.
He is assaulted.
Who had sworn revenge.
Dorian calmly tells James.
He is too young to be the same man before.
However  James soon learns the truth  but is shot at Dorian s estate while hiding in the bushes.
Dorian knows  and realizes.
He is guilty.
He can still spare Gladys.
He returns to his old school room to face the painting.
Dorian collapses and dies.
Dorian s body is found.
It is now the monstrous creature.
The portrait once again depicts Dorian.
<EOS>
Woody is an elderly woodpecker.
Who tries to peck away at a tree.
Unfortunately  his best years are.
His beak was too weak.
Depressed  he begins to reminisce.
When he was a little bird.
It becomes apparent.
Woody was a mischievous  rascally bird who made his hapless father s life a living nightmare.
A despondent Woody jumps over the side of a cliff in an effort to commit suicide.
An offscreen cartoonist breaks the fourth wall  erases  and replaces it with a Fountain of Youth.
The grave Woody was bound.
Rejuvenated  Woody returns.
Unfortunately  he chooses a petrified tree.
Knocks him cold.
<EOS>
Karan and Priya are the lead pair & in love with each other.
They land a gig.
Raj   does nt know.
Who is attracted at first sight.
Priya and Karan are.
Raj quickly falls.
She is totally swept off her feet.
Raj continues to romance and woo Priya.
Karan is unaware.
Eventually Raj proposes.
She eagerly agrees to marry him.
The story takes a twist.
When we find out that Priya and Karan have been scheming and plotting all along to take Raj s money.
So begins a treacherous love triangle.
Where greed  ambition and love cause turmoil.
Priya eventually marries Raj and continues to plot to get hold of the fortune.
Then  unexpectedly  Priya starts to develop feelings and falls in love with him.
Raj eventually finds out but forgives her.
The climax is.
When Raj attacks Karan.
Priya picks up a gun and kills Karan.
She and Raj get on.
<EOS>
The poem by Lewis Carroll is read.
A wardrobe is shown moving.
The wardrobe contains a strange playroom.
Is watched over.
The film switches.
The ending contains an ink blob escaping from an occurring maze  freeing itself from life s constraints.
It then defaces the image and flees out of the window.
<EOS>
A mysterious black freighter steams.
Detecting a Cruise ship close  the ship alters course as ghostly voices shout in German  Battle Stations.
Outside  the freighter heads right  blasting its horn.
Collides with the cruise ship  sinking it.
The next morning  a handful  their children Robin and Ben  a young officer named Nick  his love interest Lori  the ship s comic Jackie  and a passenger  Mrs Morgan  are adrift on a large piece of wreckage.
Ashland surfaces nearby  and is brought.
Later  the survivors come  unaware.
It is the ship which attacked them.
Finding a boarding ladder slung  try to climb it with the injured Ashland.
They climb aboard  but not before the ladder plunges.
Jackie tries to rally the survivors  but a cable seizes him by the ankle.
When all are finally aboard.
He is lifted and swung outboard of the ship s cranes  before cutting him loose  to be swept astern and lost.
Lowers the thrashing comic.
Shocked  the survivors explore the corridors  finding only cobwebs and 1930s memorabilia.
Hatches open and close go on and off.
A swinging block knocks.
Meanwhile  a delirious Ashland hears  It is your new ship  Your chance has come.
A disembodied voice speaking in German  telling him This ship has been waiting for you.
Finding a record player and a movie projector  the survivors come to believe.
Play. 
The ship is somehow alive.
Eating a canister  Mrs Morgan becomes grotesquely deformed and stumbles back to the bunk room.
Where a German-speaking Ashland strangles her.
Ashland dons a German naval officer s uniform and announces.
He is the captain.
Marshall and Nick make a horrific discovery  the ship was once a Nazi prison ship.
The ghosts are still aboard.
They both decide to escape  but are thwarted and drift away.
When the ship s two lifeboats lower by themselves.
Despairing  the survivors are further taunted.
Who tosses Lori overboard.
Marshall and Nick are attacked.
The projector now shows films.
Nick lunges  but instead plunges into a net holding skeletal remains.
Ashland drowns him.
Marshall manages to stab a gloating Ashland  apparently killing him and stopping the ship.
Searching below  Marshall finds a life raft.
Margaret is captured and is trapped in a chain locker.
The children are jumping overboard.
Marshall is knocked out  but awakens in time to find Margaret.
Who has escaped.
Captain Ashland attempts to shoot the escaping Marshall family  but ran out of bullets.
He tossed away the empty gun to find others ways to destroy the Marshalls.
Meanwhile  the ship detects another cruise liner and begins to give chase  ignoring Ashland.
Who wants it to run down the Marshalls  raft instead.
Trying  Ashland storms into the engine room  but is pushed into the steering gear and crushed.
His agonized screams echo  joining those of its earlier victims.
Above  the Marshalls rejoice.
The freighter turns and steams away.
They are spotted by a search helicopter and rescued.
Afterwards  the Death Ship is shown steaming along.
It heads.
The sounds are accompanied by the triumphant blasting of its horn.
<EOS>
Caroline Ellis  is a New Orleans nurse.
Who takes a position.
The lady Violet Devereaux  looks after her husband Benjamin Devereaux  a stroke victim.
Who is expected to pass away soon.
Caroline is unsure about taking the job  and condescending towards her.
Violet is very hostile.
She accepts the position.
Caroline   soon discovers.
The mansion has a dark past.
Finding her way.
Violet gave her.
Violet reveals  shown through flashbacks.
The room belonged.
The couple  Mama Cecile and Papa Justify were renowned practitioners.
The couple   were lynched.
Revealed. 
When it was discovered that they were performing Hoodoo spells.
Violet also told her.
They do not keep mirrors because they see the reflection of the servants.
Caroline  however  remains a skeptic.
She takes the advice and goes to a local cleaners with a hidden Hoodoo shop to acquire a defense against the supposed Hoodoo being used on Ben.
Order to find answers.
Caroline does not believe  but she thinks.
Ben does.
Making might help.
Him believe that he is getting cured.
There  an old woman tells her the same thing.
Jill told her  that hoodoo can not hurt you if you do not believe.
The woman gives her various things and teaches her a ritual to cleanse Ben s illness.
She also tells Caroline.
Is meant to keep away those who mean one harm.
It returned some.
When she did the ritual.
He tells Caroline to get him out.
Violet is a threat.
Caroline tells Luke.
Luke   rebuffs her idea.
Who is afraid that Caroline might leave the couple.
They then travel.
Caroline previously noticed to be lined.
There  a blind woman tells her  the conjure of sacrifice.
Caroline had previously discovered a record in the secret attic room and feels.
Though it had something to do.
The old woman tells Caroline.
This powerful spell is one.
She begins to sense.
When this is revealed.
Ben is.
Again  Luke tells her.
Questions her.
He thought she does nt believe  to which she answers she really does not  but the people do and that accounts.
Caroline uses some brick dust to confirm her suspicions of Violet.
She then drugs the old woman and tried to escape.
However  the gates are locked.
This pushes Caroline to hide Ben and escape all  promising the old man.
She ll be back.
Violet tries to shoot her.
She is able to escape.
Caroline seeks help from Luke.
Caroline discovers clues leading to the revelation.
Luke is.
Luke captures her  ties her up and gags her to take her back.
As Caroline is about to act.
Caroline is held captive but manages to get free and scatter brick dust.
This enchantment succeeds.
Violet gets a powder in her eyes.
Distorts her vision.
Caroline manages to push Violet down the stairs and breaks her legs.
Caroline flees.
Luke and Violet now downstairs.
The room has been set up.
She follows the instructions.
She snatched earlier and forms a protective circle around herself.
However  the protective spell was a trick intended to capture Caroline instead of protect her.
Violet comes and explains.
Hoodoo magic only works.
They have been waiting to believe.
Caroline realizes.
It was she who was in danger and not Ben.
Caroline tries to deny the fact.
She now believes but can not convince herself.
Violet pushes a mirror.
Initially contains the image.
The mirror smashes  knocking her unconscious.
Caroline then wakes up and walks over.
Who is barely awake.
She remarks.
It has become much harder for them to make people these days believe.
This reveals.
The soul is now inside Caroline s body.
Caroline s soul is now.
As well  Luke s body is revealed to be possessed.
Ben   is revealed to be the real Luke.
Who was previously the host.
Caroline/Mama Cecile gives Violet/Caroline a liquid.
Causes a pseudo stroke.
This prevents her.
She ca nt reveal the presences.
Luke/Papa Justify informs her.
When Caroline s friend Jill arrives.
Ben and Violet left the house  thus leaving Mama Cecile and Papa Justify to continue occupying the house.
The film ends looking at each other helplessly  trapped in Violet and Ben s bodies.
It was actually the children.
When Mama Cecile and Papa Justify were lynched.
Who were lynched.
<EOS>
The Western  The Outsider  takes place.
Wounded outlaw Johnny Gault is given refuge.
This puts Rebecca with her own people  a pacifist Amish sect.
They incurs the wrath.
Who wants the Amishs  land.
He was also responsible.
The two enter.
Is forbidden since he is an outsider.
She is shunned.
She is ready to confess her sins and be forgiven.
She decides.
She must go back.
She is not able to walk away.
When the time comes for her to do so.
She leaves the meeting and runs back.
Had been set up.
Rebecca is hit by an enemy s bullet.
She eventually recovers.
They live happily.
After as they ride off.
<EOS>
The Shogun family employs a group of Iga ninjas to take over the Akizuki clan s lands.
The Akizuki hire the Fumi ninjas  a group.
Who enhance their fighting ability.
Tsukinojo  the leader  marries Lord Akizuki.
When the Akizuki emerge victorious.
<EOS>
Inspired  Part.
I  Genesis From Within The Earth  is set in November 1952 just days after the first secret tests of the.
Rookie FBI Agent Cooper and his partner Agent Thompson are.
When they encounter a mysterious man dressed.
Minutes later  Agent Thompson has been vaporized.
Agent Cooper has been stunned unconscious.
He is teamed up.
Who works.
Together they set out to put the stops.
Who hails.
Diabolical Tales  Part II is set years after the events of Diabolical Tales  Part I.
A group  led by the partially deaf arch-villain Zerg  are sent up from their underground fiefdom to capture the Sapphire of Agartha  a mystical relic.
Was stolen and handed.
Diabolical Tales  Part III is set  and picks up with Agent Cooper.
His wife Kate is kidnapped.
Meanwhile  the evil men led by the cunning and maniacal Zerrath  launch a two-pronged attack against the ` surface-dwellers  in an effort to retrieve the still-missing Sapphire of Agartha and conquer the world.
The events will solidfy Agent Cooper s destiny.
Unfold. 
<EOS>
The film begins into the life of Bharti Rai  the daughter of Chief Minister Ramnath Rai.
She rebels against her father and joins the rival party of leftist leader Bhaskar Sanyal.
Bharti develops an illicit relationship.
Who .
He is abandoned in a boat by Brij Gopal  Bharti s brother.
Bharti later marries Chandra Pratap  the younger brother.
Bhanu leads the Rashtrawadi political party.
The story then shifts to present.
Bhanu suffers a stroke.
He hands over power to his brother Chandra.
Chandra s son  Prithviraj Pratap tries to take advantage and starts to impose his own decisions on the party.
Results. 
Chandra also starts to take side  sidelining Veerendra.
Veerendra gives his support.
When Prithvi rejects the nomination.
Unknown  Sooraj is Bharti s abandoned son.
Who was found and raised.
He asks Sooraj.
When Chandra and Prithvi try to kick Veerendra out.
Sooraj ends up assassinating Chandra.
He is returning after seeing off his younger son  Samar Pratap.
Prithvi is arrested by police under the influence of Veerendra and put on trial for a true case of raping a woman party worker.
Samar comes into dropping all charges upon his brother  promising.
His brother will resign and that he will move to the U.
S.
However  Samar does not keep his promise.
He  along  begins rallying public support.
The latter splits and contests elections under Jana Shakti party  a new party with Gopal as his mentor and Samar as the executive.
Bhanu officially expels Prithvi.
Meanwhile Samar s American girlfriend Sarah arrives to see the situation.
To raise funds  Samar shrewdly ensures Prithvi s marriage to their childhood friend Indu  the daughter of a powerful businessman.
Indu had always loved Samar  however  Samar only thought as a friend and loved Sarah.
The film gets murkier.
Allegations and counter-allegations are made.
Subsequently  Samar uncovers  and decides to take revenge.
The real murderers are Sooraj and Veerendra.
Prithvi executes the former police officer   and the woman worker at a farmhouse.
Who had arrested him.
Veerendra again seeks.
Help makes a plan to assassinate Samar  being aware that Samar was behind all the tricks.
Amidst realizes.
Her love accepts her love in return.
Also  Sarah is revealed to be pregnant.
He will go with her and leave politics.
A car bomb is planted.
Prithvi goes to save Samar and Sarah.
Who were to be dropped off.
He manages to save Samar but gets killed.
Devastated  Samar decides to retaliate.
He suggests Indu to take the reins and arranges the election campaign.
Meanwhile  Sooraj is revealed to be the first child.
Who implores him to join his younger brother Samar.
Sooraj refuses with Veerendra and asks his mother to leave.
Exit polls predict a victory  Samar lures Veerendra and Sooraj to an unused factory by spreading a rumor about electronic voting machine being hacked.
Veerendra and Sooraj fall.
Veerendra gets shot.
Sooraj requests Samar to leave him and Veerendra.
They reach the hospital.
Veerendra dies.
Gopal prompts Samar to shoot Sooraj.
Who questions the morality.
Gopal convinces him to take the revenge.
Samar shoots Sooraj and takes the revenge.
Later the election results are declared.
Indu emerges and is made Chief Minister.
Samar is seen asking forgiveness and is seen attempting reconciliation.
Explaining his decision to return  he reflects.
He always wanted to stay away as politics is a game that brings out the inner devil.
Indu is also revealed to be pregnant.
Samar leaves India to look and settle there.
<EOS>
Tony Fiala is a working-class boy.
Whose greatest desire is to become a member.
His father however is reluctant.
He wants his son to follow as engine driver.
Tony s father also sees no future for the boy in music.
Tony manages to join the Vienna Boys  Choir.
Once there  he meets Peter   so  he immediately feels threatened.
Who is the leading boy.
When Peter finds out that Tony has a wonderful clear treble voice.
Peter s jealousy will prompt him to do everything.
The sabotage will eventually end.
The break will change the events drastically.
<EOS>
Pluto keeps bothering and interrupting him.
Mickey Mouse is working.
Pluto swallows a flash light and gets stuck on a piece of fly paper.
<EOS>
Kate Brady  a young rural girl  takes a room with her friend  Baba Brennan.
She becomes involved.
Who eyes her and ignores her more worldly roommate.
<EOS>
The movie depicts the series.
<EOS>
Darius Britt is a disillusioned college graduate.
Who lives at home and interns at a Seattle magazine.
One  Jeff Schwensen  proposes to investigate a newspaper classified ad  Jeff s story idea is approved by his boss  Bridget.
Reads. 
Jeff selects Darius and Arnau  a studious Biology major interning  to assist him.
They travel to find and profile the person behind the ad.
Jeff later reveals an ulterior motive -- to track down a long-lost love interest.
Who lives.
Darius discovers.
The person is Kenneth Calloway who works as a stock clerk at a local grocery store.
Jeff s attempt to contact Kenneth alienates him  so he orders Darius to make contact.
Darius  disaffected attitude serves her well.
She quickly endears herself.
She poses.
Darius gains his trust.
Kenneth is paranoid and believes that secret agents are tracking his every move.
She participates in the woods around his house  and begins to develop feelings for him.
She tells Kenneth.
When she was young  and that her mission is to prevent it.
Kenneth says.
His mission is to go back and prevent the death of his old girlfriend Belinda who was killed when someone drove a car into her house.
Meanwhile  Jeff tracks down Liz  his fling.
They reconnect.
She does not embody his fond youthful memories.
He asks her to move.
She believes.
This is just another fling  so she refuses.
Upset  Jeff takes Arnau out on the town.
They pick up some comely young women.
Jeff tells Arnau to not waste his youth and convinces him to spend the night.
The next morning  Jeff learns.
Who has been following the notes  that Belinda is still alive.
Darius goes to interview her.
Belinda says.
She was only friends  and that Kenneth had driven into her then-boyfriend s house.
No one was injured.
Darius is questioned by two government agents and believe.
Who have been following Kenneth.
He may be a spy with government scientists.
Darius returns.
Kenneth claims.
If Belinda is alive then his time traveling worked.
Jeff then comes in to warn.
The government agents are also.
Kenneth panics and runs.
Darius follows him  and finds Kenneth with his time machine.
Darius apologizes and tells him everything else.
They shared was real.
Darius joins him.
Kenneth tells Darius  saying.
The mission has changed.
He now wants to go back.
Kenneth activates.
Jeff  Arnau  and the two government agents watch.
His time machine and the boat disappears.
<EOS>
Silent film star George Valentin is posing for pictures outside the premiere of his latest hit film  A Russian Affair.
When a young woman  Peppy Miller  accidentally bumps.
Valentin reacts to the accident and shows off Peppy for the cameras.
The next day  Peppy finds herself with the headline.
Who s That Girl.
Valentin and Peppy show great chemistry.
Performing a scene together.
Peppy slowly rises through the industry  earning more prominent starring roles.
Two years later  Zimmer announces the end at Kinograph Studios.
Valentin is dismissive  insisting.
Sound is just a fad.
Valentin begins hearing sounds from his environment  but can not speak himself  then wakes up in a sweat.
He decides to produce and direct his own silent film  financing it himself.
The film opens.
Now Valentin s only chance is for his film to be a hit.
Unfortunately audiences flock instead.
Valentin is ruined.
His wife  Doris  kicks him out.
He moves.
Peppy goes on to become a major Hollywood star.
Later  the bankrupt Valentin is forced to auction off all  and fires Clifton  telling him to get another job.
Depressed and drunk  Valentin angrily sets a match.
He is overwhelmed and passes out inside the burning house  still clutching a single film canister.
The nitrate film quickly blazes out.
However  Valentin s dog attracts the help.
Valentin is hospitalized for injuries suffered in the fire.
Peppy visits the hospital and discovers.
The film he rescued is the one she was first.
She asks.
Him to be moved.
Valentin awakens  to find.
Clifton is now working.
Valentin seems to remain dismissive having taken him in  prompting Clifton to sternly remind Valentin of his changing luck.
Peppy insists to Zimmer that Valentin co-star  threatening to quit Kinograph.
Zimmer does not agree.
He returns to his burnt-out apartment.
Valentin learns that it had been Peppy that had purchased all his auctioned effects.
Peppy arrives  panicked  and finds.
Valentin is about to attempt suicide.
The two reconcile.
Remembering Valentin s superb dancing ability  Peppy persuades Zimmer to let them make a musical together.
Sound finally comes in.
The film starts rolling.
The two dancers are heard panting.
The choreography is complete.
The only time is heard coming from Peppy.
Who otherwise says nothing.
The director calls out audibly  Cut.
Beautiful.
Could you give me one more.
The camera then pulls back.
They prepare to shoot another take.
<EOS>
Los Angeles police sergeant Tom Valens is.
When he is forced to defend himself.
The trouble is.
The dead man turns out to be a prominent physician and pillar.
There is no gun to be found.
Valens is.
It does nt help.
Valens is still carrying the memory.
He is placed by the force.
A prosecutor named Sanderman files manslaughter charges against this one.
Setting out to clear his name  Valens meets resistance from many including Ruston s financial adviser  Calvin York  and the doctor s alcoholic and flirtatious widow  Doris Ruston.
Also unwilling to be to Valens is the doctor s nurse  Liz Thayer.
Who knew Ruston only as a humanitarian who made many trips to unselfishly aid people in need.
The controversial cop s lone defender is acerbic television personality Perry Knowland.
Who turns out to be doing so only to increase his viewership.
Even the elderly lady  Alice Willows  speaks only to the doctor.
Whom Dr Ruston often came to visit.
Who was very kind.
Brandishing a gun  Valens meets Alice Willows again.
She has him buried at a nearby pet cemetery.
A sympathetic ear are his estranged wife  Joanie  and another apartment resident  Walt Cody  a playboy pilot.
Cody volunteers to fly Valens down to see.
Dr Ruston commuted there so often.
Complications arise.
When Liz Thayer is found dead  obliging Valens  partner  Sgt.
Ed Musso  to try to place his friend.
But  Valens realizes.
Learning that Ruston s office was ransacked.
What has been happening.
He overpowers Musso  locks him  then goes to the pet cemetery.
Where  once again  Valens must decide whether to pull the trigger.
<EOS>
The film explores.
Cynthia developed her unique pursuit  follows the ups and downs with a shy guitarist and an extroverted glam rocker  and goes along for the ride.
Cynthia prepares.
<EOS>
Don Justo hands to his overbearing son and daughter-in-law and escapes to search for his lost dog Badface.
Roberto is a love-struck obsessive-compulsive traveling salesman.
Who drives to surprise one of his clients by bringing a cake for her son s birthday.
Finally  Maria Flores travels.
She has won a spot.
The film captures a lot.
Make a realistic and moving depiction.
<EOS>
Suzume Katagura is an ordinary housewife.
Whose spouse is sent overseas.
He keeps regular contact  but is more concerned with the welfare of his pet turtle  Taro.
She dreams.
She accidentally floods her apartment  causing her to send in a plumber.
Her best friend  Kujaku Ogitani leads a much more interesting life and still wants more  namely a husband in Paris with a house with a view of the Eiffel Tower.
Later on   a cart filled accidentally unloads  prompting her to duck  and notice a tiny flyer advertising.
She is.
Spies wanted.
She replies to the advert and goes into a ramshackle home to meet the spy masters  unemployed couple Shizuo Kugitani and Etsuko Kugitani.
Who work.
They instruct her.
Her job is to remain completely boring and ordinary.
She has this.
When she buys a pair to make herself feel more like a spy.
Suzume meets Kujaku in line for a chance to spin a wheel and win marvelous prizes.
They do win a fishing trip.
They miss out.
Suzume is more excited.
Suzume explains.
She can never say no  because  when they were young  Kujaku cut off the power in the village so that Suzume could see her childhood sweetheart  Kato  in his pajamas  electrocuting herself in the process.
The fishing trip is cut short.
When a body is discovered.
An unnamed group takes notice  and was probably a spy.
The corpse did not belong.
Starts an investigation to look.
Meanwhile  Suzume meets Kato only to discover.
He is bald.
His son comes looking  takes him away.
He meets her again the next day.
He is never seen again.
Eventually  the spies are contacted.
Who instruct them to return.
Suzume is told to say goodbye.
She may never see them again.
However  Kujaku is missing.
The mysterious group appear.
She sees Kato s son drowning  rescues him.
Suzume prepares to throw her old life away.
Witnesses report their statement  and soon artist s impressions of her face appears all over the news.
The mysterious group are already patrolling the streets  making escape impossible.
When the order is given to return.
To make sure  Suzume cuts the power.
Her fellow spies can return safely.
Kujaku did when they were young.
Shizou tells Suzume.
When the spies all finally meet.
The government say it would be best for her to remain.
An old lady reveals herself to be the leader of the operation  and opens a trap door beneath her bench.
Suzume waves goodbye.
They walk inside.
Suzume then explains.
Kujaku got her wish in France with a view of the Eiffel Tower  as she has been arrested for espionage in a prison overlooking the tower.
The film ends.
<EOS>
Monica Gokhale works.
Her plans go against Maharaja Hari Holkar.
To stop Gokhale  Holkar has her kidnapped.
However  she is rescued.
This not only brings fame  but also makes Holkar join hands with Zala to bomb the Secretariat building and recruit scientist Vishwas Atmavishwas Pinakin for the same.
Realizing their plan  Gokhale reveals her true identity and joins hands to stop the crooks from destroying the city.
<EOS>
A Cockney flower girl is in love with a policeman.
Whom she wants to marry.
Unfortunately  her father opposes the union.
He is involved.
Fortunately  the young woman wins a lottery and is able to find wealth and marital bliss.
<EOS>
Pu is a young woman.
Who is having some bad dreams.
Her father  meanwhile  has fallen with a karaoke bar hostess girl named Yok.
Who s the girlfriend.
A hitman named.
Noi is then dispatched to kill the father.
Pu ends up falling with Noi.
<EOS>
Dharamchand and Karamchand  are two detectives.
Who are.
Who is an.
They have is that.
Eventually they also succeed.
A rollicking comedy  starring Raj Kapoor and Rajendra Kumar.
Who re being seen together.
The film is directed and has music by Ravindra Jain.
The supporting cast includes Shailendra Singh and Prem Chopra.
<EOS>
Adela is a 43-year-old spinster.
Who lives quietly alone.
She spends her days sewing and doing charity work.
Never feeling particularly attracted  she is waited upon in her home by a faithful lady s maid named Isabelita.
Who adores her.
One day  the local bank manager starts to court Adela and sets his sights.
Adela  repelled  resolves  after an argument with her Isabelita over the situation  to consult a doctor.
Adela fires Isabelita  but sees the doctor anyway.
Adela discovers.
She is not a woman.
The former Adela takes then a new masculine identity  and moves from the village to Madrid.
Juan arrives and accidentally meets Isabelita  the servant girl.
He fired when he was Adela.
Juan searches in his life with his new identity.
Life is very hard.
Madrid and Juan uses his sewing skills to bring him a small income and enable him to obtain a work permit.
However  he has problems securing an identity card.
He falls in love with Isabelita  but denies himself consummation of their affair for fear of a poor sexual response.
Eventually  Juan is able to fulfill his duties and is successful with Isabelita.
He warns.
Making love.
One day he will tell her a secret.
Isabelita says then  There is no need  senorita  showing.
She has known.
<EOS>
Singles centers  living in an apartment block in Seattle  Washington  and is divided into chapters.
It focuses.
The film stars Bridget Fonda.
Whether to commit.
The events are set against the backdrop of the early 1990s grunge movement in Seattle.
<EOS>
The great warrior Hercules learns.
His lover  Princess Deianira  has lost her senses.
Daianara s only hope is the Stone of Forgetfulness.
Lies deep.
Hercules   embarks on a dangerous quest for the stone.
He is unaware that Dianara s guardian  King Lico  is the one responsible to have the girl for himself as his bride upon her revival.
Lico is with the dark forces of the underworld.
It is up to stop him.
The climax has Hercules smashing Lico and throwing similarly large rocks at an army of zombies.
<EOS>
Clio plays a fun loving girl.
Who likes men.
She leaves her home town and meets up.
They hook up together and become prostitutes.
Enter Tony.
Who falls and opens a gas/food/lodging establishment.
They marry.
Tony slowly gets fed up.
After her beautiful daughter arrives.
An erotic yet tragic film.
<EOS>
Elvis Presley stars.
Whose family still lives.
He returns.
He proceeds to drive cattle.
Joe persuades his Congressman to give him 20 heifers and a prize bull.
He and his father can prove that the Navajos can successfully raise cattle.
Then the government will help all the Navajo people.
Their experiment is successful.
But Joe s friend  Bronc Hoverty accidentally barbecues the prize bull.
Joe sells the heifers to buy plumbing and other home improvements.
Joe is able to borrow a bull  Dominick.
The bull is lackadaisical and shows no interest.
Mamie Callahan  the daughter ca nt seem to stay away from the girl-chasing Joe.
Joe also trades at a used car dealership for a red convertible automobile.
Which he sells the parts off to obtain cash.
He rides around.
Almost all are sold.
Joe organizes a contest.
Order to raise money.
Which riders have to stay.
Joe himself has to ride Dominick and stay on.
Order to win the prize money.
Joe wins the contest and receives the prize money.
Joe and his friends are involved in a large fight.
Destroys the house they have been building.
The screenplay was adapted  and retained many of the same plot devices and characters  including Joe s grandfather  preferring his ancestral teepee.
Who refuses to live.
<EOS>
Nathaniel Mayweather is a snobbish  self-centered  virginal man.
He is invited.
He is forced to walk the rest of the way.
Nathaniel makes a wrong turn.
Where he meets the imbecilic cabin boy/first mate Kenny.
He thinks.
The ship  The Filthy Whore  is a theme boat.
It is not.
Captain Greybar finds Nathaniel and explains that the boat will not return to dry land for three months.
Nathaniel unsuccessfully tries to convince each fisherman to set sail  but convinces Kenny into doing so.
However  the crew reaches Hell s Bucket  a Bermuda Triangle-like area.
Where weird events occur.
The ship is caught.
Kenny is knocked overboard and drowns.
Greybar forces.
Nathaniel do the chores for taking him to Hawaii.
And  the crew decide to sail to fix up the boat there.
The fishermen decide to give Nathaniel another chore.
Involves dragging him.
Nathaniel has little to eat or drink  begins consuming salt water and suffers extreme sunburn.
He also realizes.
He might be going insane.
He is saved by a.
Nine days later  Nathaniel is pulled back and tells.
What happened.
It is revealed.
The shark-man is known.
Nathaniel spots a beautiful young woman named Trina swimming.
Nathaniel becomes smitten.
She is pulled up.
Not pleased  the fishermen decide to strand Trina and Nathaniel on the island.
They re sailing.
Finally reaching the island  the crew searches to fix their boat.
Nathaniel tries to get closer.
Who constantly rejects him.
Greybar and Skunk suggest.
A woman named Calli can help build his confidence.
Nathaniel again meets Trini.
Who becomes attracted immediately.
Calli s husband Mulligan  a giant  comes home to find a man s bag.
Realizing  Mulligan decides to find her lover and kill him.
What Calli has done.
Nathaniel tries to save everyone.
He s the one who slept.
Mulligan is about to kill Nathaniel.
When Chocki saves him.
Nathaniel then kills Mulligan.
Finally reaching Hawaii  Nathaniel offers his newfound companions a job.
Where his father is the owner.
They refuse.
All they know how to do is fish and stink.
They mock Nathaniel.
Who should stay where he belongs.
Nathaniel and Trina part ways.
His father  William Mayweather  expresses disappointment.
Not wanting to live the fancy-lad life  Nathaniel leaves to find Trina.
Then both join the crew.
<EOS>
Rose Morgan  a shy  plain  middle-aged English literature professor  shares a home with her vain  overbearing mother Hannah.
Her attractive sister is empty.
Claire starts preparations to Alex  who used to date Rose  so she begins to feel her loveless life.
Gregory Larkin  a Columbia Mathematics teacher complicates matters.
Who feels sex.
He seems to lose all his rational perspective as soon as he is aroused.
He decides to look and places an ad in a newspaper.
His last girlfriend dumps him last night stand before she gets married  based on a suggestion by a sex-phone service.
Claire reads the ad and answers.
Gregory is intrigued  so he drops.
When Claire tells him that Rose teaches English literature.
She was making.
They begin dating.
He is impressed and seems to be fascinated by her quirks and mannerisms.
Usually drive people crazy.
She is also fascinated and even helps him improve in his teaching techniques.
He proposes marriage.
It will be largely platonic.
If she needs it.
The prospect seems far worse than a marriage on those conditions  so Rose accepts.
Rose s attraction grows.
One night she attempts to seduce him  much.
He had hoped.
She had given up on the idea of sex  though he admits he initially raised its possibility.
He abruptly breaks off their attempt and fears.
When he finds himself becoming truly aroused.
It will change the safe  comfortable feelings he feels.
Rose embarks  she diets  exercises  changes her hairstyle  learns to use makeup  and outfits herself in an updated wardrobe.
When Gregory departs.
He finds a very different woman waiting and is too startled to express his feelings  and leaves him.
When her husband returns.
She admits that she made a mistake accepting their passionless marriage.
All the while Rose realizes.
Everyone   is behaving differently now towards her improved-self  though not always to her liking.
Gregory and Rose realize.
Their mutual love has been hindered on marriage and sex  and finally recognize their deep affection.
<EOS>
Dedicated Egyptologist Erica Baron is researching a paper to Pharaoh Seti.
She witnesses the brutal murder of unscrupulous art dealer Abdu-Hamdi  meets a French journalist named Yeon  and is befriended by Akmed Khazzan.
Who heads the antiquities division.
She finds herself the target.
When she journeys to search a tomb reportedly filled with treasures.
<EOS>
What am I doing here.
Now  fresh out to prepare for  the highly motivated and strictly disciplined Jason returns to the small Southern United States town he grew up in to spend the summer studying.
He quickly reconnects.
It is an encounter.
Changes his life forever.
David offers Jason a part-time summer job.
He reluctantly accepts it.
But  he begins to discover a passion.
He gets to know the kids and their personal struggles.
He did nt know existed.
He soon realizes.
His dad s lifelong question has now become his own.
<EOS>
Within the Ruby Mountains  Gideon roasts hare over an open fire.
Suddenly  gunshots ring out striking his left arm.
He grabs.
What he can and races down the mountain.
His attackers emerge.
Colonel Morsman Carver  a former Confederate officer  is accompanied.
Who are all engaged to apprehend him.
Carver shoots the horse.
Parsons is preparing to load the dead body to take.
He declares is his  leaving Parsons to walk the 30 miles back carrying the body.
Encountering a railroad  Gideon hitches his horse and steals some food.
The foreman recognizes the stolen horse and detains Gideon.
Carver and his remaining man  Hayes  come.
Meanwhile  Gideon escapes and makes off with another horse.
Gideon s horse can no longer take the strain and collapses.
Carver and Hayes draw.
Gideon euthanizes the horse.
Hayes dismounts and marvels would disembowel the creature.
When Carver and Hayes finally reach the horse s carcass.
Suddenly  Gideon leaps out.
Where he had been hiding.
Carver does nt give up his gun.
Carver instead decides to shoot Hayes.
Carver and Gideon recall the events.
Confronting each other.
Put them.
Gideon was ordered to track down former Confederate officers.
The American Civil War had concluded.
Carver was out.
When he arrived at Carver s home to interrogate him.
To coerce Carver s wife.
Their house was empty.
The blaze quickly spread.
Carver emerged.
His wife and son ran to save their infant child.
The soldiers detained him.
Who was still.
Trapped  all three perished.
Gideon  racked  is seen dropping his gunbelt and walking away from his men.
<EOS>
Baran  a eskya  is released from prison in a town in Eastern Turkey.
He witness the fact.
When returning.
The world has changed dramatically  with the village itself underwater after the construction of a dam.
Then he also finds out.
The person who masterminded the betrayal that brought him was Berfo  a friend who had once been closer to him than a brother.
Berfo seized his best friends gold and had Baran arrested.
Order to snare Keje  Baran s sweetheart.
Then Berfo purchased Keje  and disappeared.
He is in Istanbul.
Baran meets Cumali  a young man.
Traveling by train.
Cumali was raised.
Cumali dreams.
He takes Baran.
Cumali and his friends discover.
Baran used to be a bandit.
They ca nt take it seriously.
Cumali s dreams include Emel  his girlfriend.
Emel has a convict brother  Sedat.
Who is.
His life is.
He needs a high amount to get out.
Cumali promises Emel to get the money as soon as possible.
Thus   he steals a quantity  enough to secure the escaping and also later to get him in trouble with Demircan  the mafia boss.
When he deals.
Meanwhile  the bandit is going in a daze  lost in a totally alien world  with no idea and the mortal enemy.
Where to start looking.
Who has stolen her.
He happens to see Berfo on TV.
As a powerful businessman changed.
<EOS>
Somebody in a ski mask is murdering women with tools  such as a nail gun  a screwdriver and a drill.
Meanwhile  a tenant s daughter  15-year-old Laurie Ballard  is kidnapped.
Detective Jamison  investigates the murders  and stumbles.
<EOS>
The Polish artist Julia and her husband Piotr  a talented and successful composer  live.
The life is falling apart.
When Julias s mother  Barbara falls ill.
Julia accompanies her mother.
Her husband Piotr is and leaves her to cope with this difficult situation.
Only her friend Adrian is.
Her father Jurek is also overwhelmed.
Her father takes comfort from alcohol.
Shortly.
The father dies.
Julia found only to rest.
This destroyed her marriage to Piotr.
She is now alone in the world with an uncertain future.
Where Adrian is.
<EOS>
Ashaant is a Story.
C.
P.
Vijay Bombay Police and A.
C.
P.
Vishnu Bangalore Police to bring peace i.
E. 
Shanti.
The wage  s and security.
A war notes and have become threat to country.
These Mafia dons.
Kaka and Rana are operating.
But  the decide to shift their roots.
When the pressure mounts on them.
Rana is nabbed and is arrested.
They enter Bombay.
Vijay starts his investigation to reach the roots through Rana.
When orders come to shift Rana from Bombay custody to Bangalore court for many previous serious crimes.
Vijay ACP Amit take join them to re-arrest Rana.
Vishnu  s case.
Who  s incharge.
Gets them permission that Vijay and Amit can  t use their weapons and police uniform.
Rana splits away fromKaka and forms his own Mafia eich gradually becomes more powerful and ruthless.
Vijay and Amit along make a team to capture Rana and now Kaka also.
Sonali a dancer s hotel  joins this team of three against the two mafia operating in city.
Kaka manages to create misunderstanding to brak their unity and divide their power.
Vishnu starts suspecting illegitimaterelationships.
The degree rises.
Amit finally wipes the misunderstanding Vishnu and Vijay.
They join each other and then manages to smash both the Mafia.
Rana and Kaka are destroyed.
<EOS>
Widow Birdy Wemys has become a devoted member.
Birdy has turned her sizeable home as a church and a recruiting ground.
Her son Kenny has also fallen.
Kenny is a troubled individual  dominated  introverted and socially inept.
He has taken the teachings to heart  and feels repulsed by.
What he sees.
The film opens.
The girl is finally cornered.
A boy is symbolically submerged.
Kenny works two jobs  as a part-time lifeguard.
He returns to morning newspaper headlines screaming Third Nude Body Found.
Birdy meanwhile is  she is dependent on insulin to control her condition but has to obtain supplies surreptitiously.
The use is strictly forbidden by the Brethren s beliefs.
A local nurse Brigitte is hired to care  against Birdy s wishes  and becomes alarmed at.
What she sees.
She passes to her sister Paddy  a campaigining journalist eager to write an expose of religious cults.
Paddy decides to pose.
Order to infiltrate The Brethren.
Kenny descends.
He is outraged.
When a young woman removes her bikini top and later follows her home.
Servicing a client.
He stumbles across a prostitute.
She too is brutally despatched.
Naked female bodies turn up  dropping out of a cement mixer or dangling from a meat hook.
Birdy takes such a shine.
The Minister begins to suspect a suppressed lesbian attraction.
Accusing Birdy  he orders.
Her to fast in order to cleanse her soul.
Birdy slips.
Paddy attempts desperately to administer an insulin shot  but is accidentally locked by Kenny.
Kenny locates a supply and rushes to his mother  but it is too late.
She dies.
Kenny finally finds the courage to stand up to the Minister.
Having confessed his identity  he exacts vengeance by leaving the Minister crucified in his own church.
<EOS>
The film centers office worker John Sims.
Who meets and marries Mary.
They start.
A family  struggle to cope  all while lost amid the anonymous  pitiless throngs of the big city.
<EOS>
Facing the Giants is the story.
The Shiloh Eagles are considering replacing him as head coach.
This is not the only problem  his car is breaking down  the players  fathers are trying to get him fired.
Taylor is facing.
He discovers.
He is the reason that his wife Brooke can not become pregnant.
He creates a new coaching philosophy and decides the result.
He guides and urges each one of his players to give the maximum effort  and motivates them to believe.
They can win.
He loses only one game but eventually goes on to win the state championship.
His prayers are also answered.
When he and his wife have two children.
<EOS>
The film unfolds.
Ramasamy is an influential man.
He is a devoted since his childhood.
He is.
Their feud runs.
Even their grand children are.
They form gangs to express their enmity.
However a romance changes the warm atmosphere.
Susheela  brought up is a school teacher.
Who is.
Understanding their true love  the children forget their enmity and try to bring both families together and get them wedlocked.
Did they succeed.
Their attempts forms the climax.
<EOS>
Jeff applies to the Wolfe Brothers brokerage firm for his dream job as a stock broker.
He is forced to abandon his love and values.
He finds.
Leaving the brotherhood is harder than joining.
<EOS>
Migs Mijares was so with Joy.
He asked for her hand in marriage.
Migs s decision to marry his present girlfriend was resolute.
When Bela  the childhood sweetheart  returned from Canada and made an attempt to win him back.
But early on  a tragedy struck the blissful marriage.
Migs had an accident.
Caused his isolated retrograde amnesia.
His last memory was that and.
He forgot everything.
Joy did her best to bring things back.
Her husband could not feel any emotional connection.
Migs could not take his mind.
Meanwhile  Bela tried so hard to distance herself.
The latter was persistent.
Joy became too interfering  always checking the whereabouts of her husband and monitoring his calls.
This provoked Migs to make a choice  Be.
Joy made a last-ditch effort to save the marriage.
The meeting was futile.
Migs and Bela were happy.
But  Migs started missing his wife.
He became confused again.
Slowly  he realized the girl.
Who is his one true love.
Fall with One True Love pep.
<EOS>
The film opens.
The camera cruises down a dark city street.
The stark nighttime scenery immediately establishes a noir atmosphere.
The police officers are getting ready to the squad room.
It is announced.
It has been two weeks.
The culprit is still.
Detective Jim Wilson and his partner  acting  visit Myrna Bowers.
Her very abusive boyfriend  Bernie Tucker  is supposed to be a partner.
Jim convinces Myrna to reveal Bernie s hideout.
He beats him.
He tracks Bernie down.
Jim s actions lead.
Brawley  cautions him to take it easy.
Later   the detectives hear.
A woman scream and discover Myrna being beaten.
Jim grabs one and starts to rough him up.
The next day  Brawley yells and assigns him to assist in the investigation of a young woman s murder in the rural north.
He is becoming a liability.
Jim Wilson has lost control  and says .
He s restrained from beating up a suspect.
What kind is this  anyway.
Siberia  he wryly notes.
Wilson s exile marks the beginning of his journey of redemption.
He is given a job similar.
Wilson is brought together with a blind woman  Mary Malden  the sister of the fugitive.
Wilson s redemption is a foregone conclusion.
It is his journey  Wilson has made his way on dangerous ground.
Matters most.
<EOS>
A young pilot witnesses the unintentional murder and  following a court s decision not to press criminal charges  she decides to get her revenge.
<EOS>
Angel portrays a young migrant worker.
Big Joe is a telephone lineman.
Angel feels.
He can trust no one.
Big Joe sets out to prove him wrong.
<EOS>
The film opens.
Army Major Kuldip Singh Chandpuri and airforce Wing Commander Anand ` Andy  Bajwa meet and speak about the possibility of opening of the Western front in light of the East Pakistan conflict.
Kuldip takes up command  arguing the light defense being assigned to the military post of Longewala.
He meets his second.
The company moves and begins to expand the rudimentary BSF post and does a recce of the area up to the international border with Pakistan.
They meet the post s BSF commandant Bhairon Singh  a deeply patriotic man.
Who expresses his love.
Kuldip  Lt Dharamvir and Bhairon Singh come across a suspicious bunch of locals.
Who turn out to be insurgents having informed the identities to the Pakistani military.
The trio get.
When Dharamvir hesitates to shoot one  as he had never killed anyone.
Kuldip severely derides him and shoots the insurgent himself  prompting Dharamvir to vomit.
A badly shaken Dharamvir is comforted about their personal lives.
Dharamvir recounts.
How he met his fiancee Kamla  a lively young girl who he had fallen for and how he got his mobilization orders on the day of his engagement to Kamla.
Bhairon Singh recounts his wedding night  his first night.
When he was called back to post and how he bids a tearful goodbye.
The unit is joined with 2 106mm jeep-mounted RCL guns to serve as an anti-armour unit.
The company wireless operator picks up a spy transmitting.
Dharamvir sets out to investigate.
He ambushes the spy and kills the man  bringing the body back to prove.
He has overcome his fear.
The unit settles down to wait.
They keep track.
The Indian army starts moving forces.
Pakistan tries to open the Western front.
This gives hope tired of the long wait in the hot and desolate desert.
Subedar Mathura Das is granted leave to attend.
The men receive letters from back home and talk among of themselves of the people they left back home to serve their country.
The unit receives word.
The enemy has attacked and that war has been officially declared by the Indian Prime Minister Indira Gandhi.
Dharamvir and five are sent to patrol the border within a section.
Bhairon Singh and his men are assigned to clear out the nearby villages.
Pakistani artillery batteries start shelling Indian positions and villages.
Bhairon Singh is briefing the villagers.
Kuldip joins.
Heavy shelling occurs leveling a whole village.
Pakistani tanks and infantry crossing the border into India.
He reports back the enemy movement and is ordered to secretly follow the tanks without engaging them.
Kuldip radios support and speaks to Wing Com Bajwa.
Who tells him that there can be no air support.
His base has only Hunter-Fighters  which can not fly.
Bajwa then tells Kuldip to defend the post as and.
He and his pilots will ready in the break of dawn.
Kuldip radios his CO and explains his untenable position.
He is given the option.
He decides to stay.
Kuldip then give the company the choice.
They should leave the post or not.
They all prefer to stick and face the Pakistani to their deaths.
Mathura returns and apologizes.
The unit digs in to face the enemy assault.
Kuldip thanks him and assigns him to the RCL units  promising Mathura.
He will return when the war is over.
The post is surrounded.
The shelling continues relentlessly.
Fortunately  Kuldip manages to get the company to bury anti-tank mines.
The Pakistani commander Ghulam Dastagir hurls expletives at Kuldip addressing him by name and tells him to retreat or die.
Kuldip lashes back and swears and insults Dastagir  addressing him and insulting him.
The tanks open fire begins with Kuldip ordering Mathura to destroy some more tanks.
It was nt.
The tide is turning good for the Indians at first.
Is hit.
Mathura is fatally wounded.
When he goes to extract a recoil spring and dies in Bhairon s arms.
Subedar sacrifices himself to throw away an exploding tank shell to prevent several from being killed.
Another tank targets Bhairon s machine gun nest and destroys it  wounding Bhairon.
He charges the same tank and destroys it  killing himself and the Pakistani soldiers inside the tank.
Dharamvir breaks to post.
His entire patrol is wiped out.
The Pakistani commander orders a bayonet charge.
The attack is beaten back with Dharamvir being severely wounded.
The Indians capture a Pakistani private  Jodhpur  and reach Delhi by night.
Who reveals that the Pakistani column plans to capture Jaiselmer.
The Pakistanis launch a last-ditch attempt to overrun Longewala post  ignoring the danger of the anti-tank mines.
Dawn nears.
Are still buried.
Kuldip gathers the remaining and prepares for a suicide counter-attack on the advancing enemy.
The Indians engage with Kuldip jumping from tank to tank lobbing grenades down the turret hatches.
Dawn has broken.
The fight heats up.
Bajwa s squadron finally takes off to aid Kudip s besieged coy.
Kuldip falls on the ground into the sights of a Pakistani tank but  it is destroyed by cannon fire from an Indian Air Force jet.
The tank can open fire to kill him.
Bajwa s squadron arrives.
The tide turns.
The Pakistani attack breaks.
Tank is hit by the planes till they decide to beat a retreat back across the border.
The battle ends.
A soldier tries to tell Dharamvir and realises that he has died.
The unit is relieved.
Indian tanks and artillery arrive and more air-strikes beat back enemy reinforcements.
The end credits roll.
The Indians launch their counter-offensive and news.
<EOS>
A guide and three geologists head.
Nearly running out  they succeed in finding diamonds in Bolshaya Zemlya.
They are trapped.
They can return.
Cuts them off.
Now the battle is to survive.
<EOS>
The show follows the lives  a once-glorious high school football player turned hard-luck salesman of women s shoes  his obnoxious wife Peggy  their attractive but dim and promiscuous daughter Kelly  and Bud  their girl-crazy  wise-cracking son.
Their neighbors are the upwardly mobile Steve Rhoades and his wife Marcy.
Who later gets remarried.
Most storylines involve Al s schemes being foiled.
His rivalry and loathing for Marcy play a significant role in most episodes.
<EOS>
The story has the great horror author Edgar Allan Poe suffering and short on cash  tormented by a black cat.
Will either destroy his life or inspire him to write one.
The story is woven in with fictional happenings and details from his life.
<EOS>
A noisy cat is preventing Betty Boop.
It replies not.
When Betty asks the cat to be quiet.
Pudgy tries to chase the cat away.
He seemingly succeeds.
All the cats appear outside Betty s window.
<EOS>
An in-depth two part exploration  through the eyes of more than 50 industry professionals.
Part one  Artists and professionals tell the story of the struggle to build a private but Statefunded film industry.
Part two  Managers  politicians and professionals talk and discuss the perverse effects of building a cultural industry on the basis of performance metrics  revenues and private profits.
<EOS>
Retired John Paul Jones  the namesake of the ship he served on in World War I  sunk in combat while saving an aircraft carrier from being torpedoed.
Navy Chief Bosun s Mate Steve Boley Boleslavski helps build the destroyer.
He returns and wrangles a berth as the ship s leading chief bosun s mate.
When he finds out that an old shipmate  Lieutenant Commander Clark  is the ship s new captain.
However  Boley soon alienates the rest.
Whom he replaced.
The ship s crew and equipment perform poorly on the Joness shakedown cruise.
Boley is demoted.
When the latter goads him.
Donahue becomes leading chief again.
To further complicate matters  Donohue and Boley s daughter Mary fall.
Secretly marry.
Mary talks Donahue.
He is injured rescuing crewmen.
Boley will recover but is barred and sent to collect his gear.
The Jones has been assigned to carry mail to Dutch Harbor  Alaska  and its disgruntled crewmen applied for transfers to fighting ships.
Boley returns them.
As they are packing their gear and talks.
A Japanese fleet is spotted trying to bring reinforcements.
The crew eagerly answers the general order to converge on the enemy.
Higher headquarters contemptuously changes their orders and sends them.
En route  the Jones is attacked  shooting down all of them but struck by a torpedo during the fight.
The crippled ship has to flee.
When a hostile submarine is detected.
It manages to evade attack.
Night falls.
The list extinguishes its boilers  stopping the engines.
The captain has no choice.
To give the order to abandon ship.
Boley is given a chance to stay aboard  to try to weld shut the hole.
He succeeds just.
When the submarine attacks.
The destroyer drops.
Depth charges  forcing the submarine  then rams and sinks it.
Boley learns.
When the ship docks.
Donohue has married his daughter.
He willingly returns.
The crew expresses its reluctance to see him go.
<EOS>
Seth Davis  a 19-year-old college dropout  runs an illegal but successful underground casino in his Queens apartment.
His father Marty  a New York Federal District judge  disapproves and worries.
Seth s criminal living may cost him his judgeship.
Seth joins J.
T.
Marlin  a brokerage firm based  NY.
Greg Weinstein comes and offers him a job at the firm.
Seth agrees and becomes a trainee.
Everything seems to work out in the early days of his job.
Arriving.
T.
Marlin  he learns.
What he needs to do to become a millionaire working.
Seth learns the ways and does very well at his new job.
He also embarks.
Which Greg shows disapproval and who often worries about her effect on his friends and workers.
Seth also becomes part  including Chris Varick and Richie OFlaherty  and lives a high-life type of lifestyle with them  usually going out to restaurants with them and seeing their fights with other people.
He hits a few snags.
He has with Greg.
When Greg becomes too worried  and when Seth closes down his casino because his employees do nt appreciate their significantly increased salaries.
Seth is unaware.
The FBI have been tracking the firm.
The company is a chop shop brokerage firm.
Runs a pump and dump  using its brokers to create artificial demand and selling them shares at prices set by the brokerage firm  which include a large commission to the brokers.
The investors then have no one to sell their shares.
When the firm is done pumping the stock.
The price plummets.
This becomes a problem.
Who is a purchasing manager.
The stock market plummets and gets Harry.
Seth sells him one hundred shares at eight dollars each.
Seth sells him even more worthless shares  convincing Harry to invest his $ 50000 downpayment.
When Harry calls Seth back asking why the investment has done so poorly.
He was saving.
Seth promises a smooth process  however this promise does not live up and causes Harry to be abandoned by his family.
Now well aware  Seth becomes deeply.
Unnerved and how he has knowingly scammed Harry.
T.
Marlin s illegal activities confronts and disowns him.
Seth later shows up to get his father to go along on a scam.
Would rob J.
T.
Marlin.
He would leave the firm soon.
His father angrily refuses.
Orders him to leave.
Seth emotionally explains.
He is escorted out.
He closed the casino  and joined the firm not only to gain his father s approval  but also to turn his life around.
He ca nt help due to his job.
Seth walks out.
Seth is set up  and is arrested by the FBI for the violation of SEC regulations.
He is taken.
Who was taken in.
Seth is given federal immunity  meaning.
He can not be arrested as he agrees to testify against J.
T.
Marlin once all the suspects are taken.
He does this.
His father does not get involved etc.
Seth and his father sit alone.
He is taken overnight.
Seth s father explains.
He has regretted every day that he has been a harsh father.
He tearfully says.
I am more sorry than you will ever know.
The two tearfully embrace.
Seth is released and instructed to return to work the next day  only to gather evidence and leave shortly before the FBI raid the building by midday.
To deliver evidence  he copies files onto a floppy disk and hides it away.
Can be used.
Seth attempts to get Harry s money back by lying to J.
T.
Marlin the way.
They do.
Michael Brantley  one  agrees to go along with Seth s explanation  saying.
In order to complete the process  Seth needs a ticket sale signed that his direct supervisor  Greg  has explicitly said that he would never do.
Seth leaves Chris a note asking to meet in private.
Which point he informs Chris and convinces him to sign the sale ticket.
Chris then hastily gathers a few belongings and quickly leaves.
Seth is then shown walking past Abbie  ignoring her  and then leaving the building deciding.
What to do now that his job and ties with J.
T.
Marlin are finished.
Several cars are seen speeding into the parking lot from  ready to raid the building.
He leaves.
FBI agents emerge.
The DVD release includes an alternate ending.
Where  after Harry s family leaves him  he goes and gets a.
45 automatic.
Seth backs up his hard drive and leaves.
He still drops a note  but they do not speak in the stairwell.
Harry s sell ticket goes unsigned.
He bumps.
Seth is walking out.
Who s in.
Harry s briefcase gets dumped.
Seth helps Harry and they part ways.
Seth contemplates.
Whether Harry even knows what he looks.
<EOS>
An old man Anzerul  prophet and magician  announces the end of the world.
The sun will not return to the village.
The village will descend.
The villagers give way  one  to panic  piling up wood or giving themselves up to drink.
Only Isabelle Antide  holds up.
She urges them not to give  and to struggle against a damaging fatalism.
Each year  she leads them above the cover of fog.
Hangs. 
<EOS>
Harry Joy  an advertising executive.
Who is known.
He believes himself to be either in a hellish version of the world.
He knew  or with his eyes opened.
He eventually discovers  his dissolute daughter trades sex with his deviant son.
His wife is unfaithful.
His latest client is a carcinogenic polluter.
Harry tries to reform and steer a morally correct path  abandoning most  to the dismay and disruption of everyone around him.
He is also seemingly ` tested.
Harry is dragged through a bizarre and blackly humorous chain of events.
Which he smokes marijuana  then has his car crushed by an elephant and is finally arrested.
The extended version was cut from the original theatrical release after its premiere at Cannes.
The full length scene featuring a tour-de-force monologue was restored for the film s re-issue in the.
Fighting  Harry flees his home and takes up residence in a hotel.
Where meets a young hippie country girl  Honey Barbara  who prostitutes herself and helps a friend sell marijuana to the city to bring money back to their forest commune.
Harry decides.
Barbara is his true love.
He is soon drawn back  and she with him.
She eventually rejects Harry s lapse back to the commune  refusing to see him.
Harry pursues her patiently  living alone near her commune  and eventually winning her heart with a ` gift  of plantings of the type of tree.
Provides Barbara s favourite honey.
<EOS>
Simon Sinestrari  a cynical Ceremonial magician  is.
Simon lives  selling his charms and potions for money.
When he is befriended.
Turk introduces Simon featuring a goat and Andy Warhol star Ultra Violet.
Death and mayhem ensue  with the district attorney s daughter.
<EOS>
Inspired  Celadon   convinced of his infidelity.
Who is madly with the beautiful Astree  who flees from him.
The story is set.
It was filmed at Les Gorges de la Sioulle in May.
<EOS>
The film details the life right from a childhood to his marriage to Nagammal to his pilgrimage to Kashi.
He was refused meals.
Exclusively fed.
Having starved severely  Periyar found no other better way than to enter a choultry disguises himself.
It is found out and is disgusted.
Periyar is path-breaking and later becomes the Chairman.
Periyar returns and joins his father s business.
He gives and joins the freedom struggle and becomes the President of Madras Presidency and later quitting and joining the Justice Party.
His role.
His second marriage and the formation.
It covers his entire life.
Periyar  New attempts.
<EOS>
The film focuses.
Who has recently moved.
Recently having recovered  Devon is encouraged by her parents to make friends.
She is pushed to sell cookies.
Devon leaves the gated community  and meets Trent Burns  a poor man  and.
Selling cookies.
Who lives.
Who does landscaping work.
An imaginative child  Devon imagines her life to be.
The film makes parallels.
Devon   continues to come to his property and slowly befriends him  despite the innocence of their friendship  he insists.
She keep it a secret due.
Trent begins having altercations.
Working. 
Who live there.
Who is having an affair.
Who flirts.
Brett attempts to molest Devon in the garage.
She escapes.
She tells her parents  but then insists.
Brett was only trying to tickle her.
Clare begins to notice Devon s apparent friendship.
When he comes to do lawn work  and becomes alarmed.
Meanwhile  Brett and Sean terrorize Trent and start a fight with him.
They wrongfully believe he stole CDs.
Devon and Trent s friendship continues to grow.
The two go to visit Trent s mother and his father  a Korean War veteran.
Who is dying.
Trent and Devon go for a drive in the country.
Devon insists.
Stopped. 
Since the two are best friends  she can show him her surgical scar.
She asks him to touch it.
Then demands his abdominal scar.
He show her.
He sustained.
The two see Sean s dog running through the field  having escaped.
They accidentally run him over.
Trying to chase the dog down.
Trent kills the badly-injured dog for him not to.
She runs home.
Clare and Morton  concerned  ask her.
What happened.
She refuses to provide details  only saying.
Trent killed Sean s dog and mentions that she and Trent took turns showing each other their scars.
Assuming  Morton drives out.
Trent molested her.
Who is a security guard.
The three men confront Trent.
Devon sits.
Morton and Sean take.
Turns beating Trent.
Morton accuses him.
Morton attacks Trent  beating him to the ground  and hands it to Sean  but  Devon exits the car with her father s handgun  obtained from the glovebox  and shoots Sean in the abdomen.
Sean can hit him.
Devon urges Trent to leave.
Sean bleeds on the ground.
They say their goodbyes.
Armed her dad to lift her up into a tree.
She and Trent had decorated.
She imagines a river and a forest rising up.
He drives away  protecting him as he escapes.
<EOS>
Ganga Singh live with her brother  Karam.
One day she comes.
Who has come to study the source of the holy river Ganga  and to get some holy water for his wheelchair-bound paternal grandma.
Both are attracted get married  and spend the night in close intimacy.
Narendra leaves  but promises Ganga.
He will be back soon.
Months go.
He does not return.
She gives birth.
She starts her journey  to confront Narendra and ensure a better future for their son.
Soon she is able.
She is exploited by two women and a man  escapes and takes shelter in a crematorium.
Then  she is molested by a Pandit  rescued by the police and given a ticket to Calcutta.
The train leaves.
When she alights en-route to get water.
She falls.
Who feigns blindness and lures her.
It is here.
She is introduced.
Is. 
What Ganga does not know.
Bhagwat s daughter  Radha  is Narendra s bride-to-be  that Jeeva is none other  and that soon she will asked to dance at his wedding reception.
<EOS>
Prince Yosho met a young girl on Jurai.
It turns out.
The girl is actually a demon named Yuzuha and was driven away.
Seven hundred years later  Yuzuha wakes up and discovers.
Yosho is alive and.
Yuzuha believes.
Tenchi Masaki thinks he is prince charming due he is surrounded by a group of women.
So  she decides to send Tenchi a present.
She obtains a lock and takes a piece of her own and places it in a container.
Walking down the steps  Tenchi meets a teenage girl.
Who calls him daddy.
Tenchi takes.
Where she introduces herself.
This  however  angers Ryoko.
She attacks Mayuka   but  Katsuhito stops her.
Who defends herself.
She can attack.
Washu tells the group.
Tenchi is in fact Mayuka s father and suspects that she is.
Mayuka takes Tenchi away and tries to transport him to Yuzuha.
Ryoko breaks the trance and carries Mayuka away.
She is able.
Katsuhito finds Mayuka and brings her back.
Where she once again tries to bring Tenchi.
Katsuhito and Washu interferes.
Mayuka runs off.
Yuzuha erases Mayuka s memories and takes Sasami hostage.
Leads Tenchi and Ryoko enter Yuzuha s world.
They can rescue Sasami.
Mayuka attacks Ryoko and injures her.
She then attacks Tenchi.
Assaults her.
Yuzuha kills Mayuka and transforms into a giant creature.
Ayeka appears and gives Tenchi a branch.
He transforms  defeats Yuzuha.
They return home.
It is shown.
Washu recreated Mayuka as a baby.
<EOS>
Jerome  is a successful young footballer.
Who. 
He accidentally bumps  lead by drug dealing loanshark and gangster Baron.
When he goes to visit his mum.
Jerome offers to take the lads.
Baron  living  takes advantage of the situation and asks him for # 10000 to tide over his cashflow problem.
Jerome agrees to give him the money  but no sooner does  he finds.
He do so.
Baron has enlisted his younger brother Aaron to help him.
Baron informs him.
When he confronts Baron.
In order to keep his brother safe  he will need to stump up another #.
Not realising  Jerome agrees.
He is being blackmailed.
A week later  Baron threatens him.
Realising  he enlists the help to inform Baron.
He is being taken.
He wo nt be getting any more money.
However  the warning soon backfires  leaving him in intensive care.
When Baron trashes his car and attacks Andy.
To put a stop  Jerome arrives at his flat to confront him  only to be stabbed in the leg by Baron in the process.
The arrival of one of Baron s heavies stops a fight between the two.
Baron orders.
Him to shoot Jerome  only for him to shoot Baron.
Jerome is left.
<EOS>
12-year-old Mark Evans is taken to the hospital by his father.
Jack to visit his dying mother  Janice.
Having been assigned to Tokyo  Japan  Jack takes Mark to stay with his brother Wallace and sister-in-law Susan in Maine.
Mark is re-introduced  including his cousins Connie and Henry.
Mark and Henry get along at first.
Henry seems to be nice and.
Henry expresses an abnormal fascination with death  making Mark uneasy.
Henry continues to display increasingly psychopathic behavior.
Mark is unable to tell Wallace and Susan  due.
Later  Henry implies.
He will try to kill his sister.
Terrified something will happen  Mark spends the night in her room.
The next morning  Mark awakens to find.
Henry has taken Connie ice skating.
Henry purposely throws his sister in the thin ice.
The ice collapses.
Connie nearly drowns.
She is rescued and taken.
Susan becomes skeptical.
When he visits Connie s room  planning to smother her.
Susan  sitting  interrupts him.
Susan then finds a rubber duck  it had once belonged to Richard and was with him in the bathtub.
The night he drowned.
Which it went missing.
He coldly reminds her.
When Susan confronts Henry.
The toy had belonged before it had been Richard s and asks for it back.
Susan refuses to give it back.
Henry demands.
He tries to get it.
Susan becomes scared.
Henry engage over it.
Henry then violently takes it and runs out of the shed to the cemetery and throws it in the well indicating.
Richard meant nothing.
Henry later implies.
He will kill Susan  rather than let Mark continue to develop a relationship.
Mark was trying to kill Henry.
Henry asks a suspicious Susan to go with him.
Mark escapes the den and chases.
Susan firmly asks.
Henry killed his brother.
Henry shrugs and says .
What if I did.
He flees.
Susan chases him  afraid.
He will try to kill himself.
She arrives.
Henry shoves her off.
She holds on precariously.
Henry picks up a large rock he intends to throw down.
Just then  Mark arrives and tackles his cousin.
They fight.
Susan climbs back up.
The boys roll off the cliff  and are caught by Susan.
She arduously hangs.
Henry holds on.
Mark s one-handed grip is slipping.
Wanting to save them both  and yet understanding she can save only one  Susan sees Henry icily calm again  confident.
His mother will save her ` good  son.
Susan now knows -  he will likely kill his mother anyway.
Agonized. 
Far Henry is willing to go.
Saved. 
That she knows the truth.
She lets.
Him go  choosing to save Mark  while a shocked Henry plummets.
She pulls Mark up.
They both look down to see Henry s dead body.
Is washed away.
Susan and Mark then share an emotional embrace.
He wonders  but knows.
When Mark returns.
Susan would again make the same choice to save him.
It is something he ll never ask her.
<EOS>
Rob and Chris have a baby boy named Robbie.
All think.
Later get used.
Later  the Hearing Aid  gets out and passes everyone.
Who was left from the past owner.
Who is asleep.
Toaster then sees him and follows him up.
Toaster gets very suspicious.
When he was talking.
The next morning  Toaster tells.
What happened last night then they all agree to stay till he comes out.
Later   everyone falls asleep.
When it is midnight.
When Hearing Aid escapes.
The little master   awakes and gets out of his crib and follows Hearing Aid.
They call baby Robbie.
The appliances awake and find Robbie going up the stairs.
Lampy tries to get him down  but is dragged up the stairs.
His plug slips out and falls down the stairs.
The appliances appear.
When a big beam appears.
The appliances chase.
Then Robbie disappears through space.
And  they all find out.
He was sent.
They get Wittgenstein  the old supercomputer  to help them and gives them advice.
They get the microwave and cheddar cheese popcorn to help them fly.
It is organic  a laundry basket  and the ceiling fan.
They set off to go to Mars and find Robbie.
A pack of balloons appear.
Who fly endlessly from hands who let them go.
The appliances crash and find the baby.
They meet.
A Christmas angel named Tinselina who was sent.
The appliances follow a group.
Who had just arrived.
They then learn.
They are going to blow Earth up because their old owners threw them out.
Toaster tries to talk them out.
Robbie is able to push a hand out of his bubble.
His hand touches Supreme Commander.
The refrigerator suddenly begins to turn pink.
He smiles  before returning his original color.
Toaster ends up.
We learn.
Toaster wins the election and is the new Supreme Commander.
The appliances go and find the brother of Hearing Aid.
Who he has nt seen.
He says.
When asked why Surpreme Commander changed his mind about blowing up Earth.
The touch reminded him that not all humans are bad.
They are all about to return.
When suddenly Hearing Aid s brother forgets to deactivate the rocket.
The missile counts down.
Toaster jumps off and destroys the rocket.
Toaster is almost left.
The others come back.
Tinselina gives up her clothes.
Toaster is.
They can have something organic to get back.
The appliances happily ride back.
The appliances return just in time  finally wakes Rob and Christine up.
The baby monitor that Ratso  their pet rat  had been restraining all night.
One day  Rob finds.
When they are taping Robbie.
Tinselina can and fixes her up.
It is a happy ending.
It is a happy ending.
<EOS>
The film s lead character George Weygate  a kind family man  meets a young woman.
Driving home suggests she is suffering from a diabetic seizure and demands him to take her to a block of flats as soon as possible to fictional Walker Street.
He complies  but is left wondering.
What is going on.
The girl departs without saying a word  heading towards the block of flats.
When they reach their destination.
Weygate  realizing  goes.
She left her belongings.
Her to return them.
He realizes.
He has been mysteriously locked in.
He begins to scale the building.
A neighbour tries to stop his escape  but is unsuccessful.
He later discovers the girl slumped.
He goes to help her.
She screams for stealing her bag.
Eventually he manages to escape the building and returns home.
<EOS>
Chris Emerson  a young disgraced former surfing pro  and his younger sister Nicole move to live in a house owned by their Aunt Jillian following the death of their parents.
Chris leaves his address.
Chris is approached by former pro surfer Shane Powers.
Who invites him.
Chris and Nicole go.
Where Shane and his tribe are entertaining themselves.
Chris showers named Lisa.
Shane gets Nicole alone  chats her into drinking his blood.
He angrily  and protectively  takes her home.
When Chris learns that Nicole has been.
Where she begins.
But  she is knocked out.
She hurts Chris.
Who reveals that he is a vampire hunter.
Nicole has been infected.
Chris throws Edgar.
Then  Lisa shows up and pretends to chat.
She finally tries to seduce and feed.
He accidentally impales her on a mounted rack of antlers  killing her explosively.
Finally  convinced.
What Edgar said.
He was right.
Edgar explains.
Nicole is only half-vampire  and will remain that way unless she feeds.
She can be turned human again.
They kill the head vampire.
Chris interrupts her.
Before she can feed.
Nicole is surprised.
What she almost did.
However  Shane draws her.
Chris and Edgar - - plot to join the tribe of vampires.
Who lost an unnamed sibling.
Order to learn the location.
He drinks Shane s blood and begins to develop vampire traits.
He refuses  and kills one in.
When the tribe feed.
Edgar joins him.
They go  killing the tribe members one at a time.
Meanwhile  Shane goads Nicole to kill Evan.
Whom they have bound and gagged.
She refuses.
She kills Shane  returning them both to normal.
They thank Edgar.
Who promises to bill them.
Evan takes the opportunity to ask Nicole.
They are confronted by their aunt   and promises zero tolerance.
Who believes they have been doing drugs.
Edgar encounters Sam Emerson  now a vampire.
They exchange some dialogue and charge.
The credits resume.
<EOS>
Penny  a young woman traumatized.
Killed her parents.
Orianna hits  but does not seriously injure  a hitchhiker.
Who she then offers a ride.
The hitchhiker is silent.
To point out his destination.
They discover.
He has punctured one.
Orianna sets off to get reception  but fails to return.
Penny goes off to find Orianna  but trips and falls.
She s back.
When she wakes up.
Has been wedged.
Orianna   is.
Whose death has been recorded.
Penny tries to call.
The hitchhiker continues to terrorize and torture her.
Several people nearby are killed.
Who live and work.
When they attempt to help her or get.
Penny is tortured.
The hitchhiker grabs her right foot and cuts off one.
When she tries to crawl out.
She turns around to find the hitchhiker sitting in the back wearing Orianna s clothes   Do nt forget your breathing exercises  Penny.
Who then pulls off the hood and tries to strangle her while saying.
She manages to fight off the hitchhiker and escape from the car  only to trip from her injured foot.
The hitchhiker finds her and tries to attack.
A man driving a pick-up truck drives past to hit the hitchhiker.
The hitchhiker appears to be dead.
The truck driver is panicking.
He tells Penny to wait.
He assists the hitchhiker.
Penny feels.
A bit as she watches the man and the dead hitchhiker.
But terror boils up.
When she realizes the hitchhiker is still moving.
<EOS>
Margaret Maggie Fitzgerald  a waitress  shows up in the Hit Pit  a run-down Los Angeles gym.
Is owned and operated.
Maggie asks Dunn to train her.
He angrily responds.
He does nt train girls.
Maggie attempts to win Frankie over.
When others discourage her.
Eddie Scrap-Iron Dupris  Frankie s friend and employee  encourages and helps her all he can.
Scrap also narrates the story.
Frankie s prize prospect  Big Willie Little  signs after becoming impatient with Dunn s rejecting offers for a championship bout.
Frankie reluctantly agrees to train Maggie.
He warns her.
He will teach her only the basics and then find her a manager.
His most important advice is.
She should protect herself.
Frankie leaves Maggie with another manager  much to her dismay  but rejoins her in the middle of the bout  and coaches her to victory.
Maggie makes.
Him promise not to abandon her again.
Maggie turns out to be a natural.
She fights her way up  winning many of her bouts with first-round knockouts.
Estranged.
Who returns his letters unopened.
Dupris becomes concerned  and arranges a meeting with Mickey Mack.
When Frankie rejects several offers  though.
She is loyal  and is rewarded for her loyalty.
When he begrudgingly accepts a fight against a top-ranked opponent in the UK.
He bestows a Gaelic nickname.
Energizes the crowd.
The two travel Europe.
She continues to win.
Maggie s own white trash family cares little.
Maggie saves up enough.
She berates Maggie for endangering her welfare payments and Medicaid benefits.
She also belittles her daughter s success  saying.
Everyone back home is laughing.
Frankie is finally willing to arrange a title fight.
He secures Maggie a $ 1 million match  Billie The Blue Bear  a German.
Who has a reputation.
Overcoming a shaky start  Maggie begins to dominate the fight  but  Billie knocks her out from behind.
A round has ended.
Maggie lands hard  breaking her neck and leaving her a quadriplegic.
Frankie can pull the corner stool out.
Frankie refuses to accept the bleak prognosis.
Dozens unanimously confirm.
There is no hope.
He half-heartedly places the responsibility  but in the end blames himself.
Maggie looks forward to a visit from her family.
Frankie repeatedly calls them.
Eventually  the family arrives -- but visiting Disneyland and Universal Studios Hollywood -- and with an attorney in tow.
Their lone concern is to arrange the transfer to them.
She sees.
Them to leave  threatening to sell the house  which they have not claimed if they ever show their faces again.
Frankie never leaves her side.
He reads  urges her to go back to school and invites her to come live with him.
However  Maggie develops bedsores and undergoes an amputation.
The days pass.
She asks a favor  to help her die.
She can still remember the cheers she heard  saying she got what she most wanted out.
A horrified Frankie refuses  but seeks the advice.
Whom he has tormented.
Horvak warns him.
Euthanasia is a grave sin  and that he will be lost forever if he goes through.
Maggie bites her tongue.
The medical staff saves her life each time and takes measures to prevent further suicide attempts.
Frankie sneaks night.
He finally tells Maggie the meaning of a nickname  Irish for my darling  and my blood.
He gave her  Mo Chuisle.
He then disappears.
Scrap s narration is revealed to be a letter  informing her of her father s true character.
<EOS>
It tells the story.
<EOS>
A woman named.
Thereby leaves the hostel nor her the hostel authorities.
She realises that neither she is happy.
Her friends due to her behaviour.
Goes to a doctor Dr Vijay for treatment.
Her dreams are.
Who tried to strangle her years ago.
Dr Vijay decides to take her outside the city  far away from the city  to a remote hilly area.
Is the ancestral mansion  where she spent her childhood and is a replica which she fantasies about.
Shoba  a close friend  also decides to accompany Asha to the mansion.
Asha and Vijay gradually start liking each other and fall with each other.
There   Asha witnesses lots of things.
Makes her more scared.
Vijay does not agree.
Vijay starts suspecting the daughter to be the person.
Who is playing some prank.
Later Ashok  a cousin  comes to India to meet her all alone.
Asha is angry.
He has married a Christian woman.
Later   Ashok s wife gets murdered.
This further changes the life.
The rest is full of suspense till the end.
<EOS>
Ilija Cvorovic  a former Stalinist  is contacted to routinely answer questions about his sub-tenant  Petar Markov Jakovljevic  a businessman.
Who spent several years on Goli otok.
Who spent twenty years living  and now has returned to Belgrade to open a tailor shop.
Ilija is free to go  however  he is starting to suspect.
His sub-tenant might be a spy.
He becomes convinced  to a great surprise of his wife Danica.
Petar  a modern man  represents a great threat to national security and the socialist system  and starts spying on Petar.
Who is more concerned.
Ilija phones inspector Drazic  claiming does not take him seriously.
Petar was meeting suspicious people -LRB- which are actually his intellectual friends.
Ilija decides to take matters.
He begins his own surveillance operation.
Eventually  he bars his house  buys a guard dog  arms himself  and even gets help from his brother ura  both of them becoming convinced.
Petar is a foreign agent.
One evening  Ilija is accidentally hit.
He sees.
Soon  even Danica starts to believe Ilija.
Sonja believes.
Her father is suffering.
uro manages to capture several  holding them in his basement  beating them up and making them reveal their terrorist plans.
Petar comes.
Where he finds Danica.
Petar says.
He wanted to say goodbye  as he is traveling  and asks Danica why are Ilija and his brother following him  thus revealing that he was aware of their surveillance operation.
Ilija and ura crash  sending Danica away  tying Petar to a chair  beating him and forcing him to confess.
Petar keeps claiming.
He is not a spy.
The brothers do not believe him.
ura leaves the house  to bring one of Petar s friends.
Who admitted it all.
Ilija continues to interrogate Petar.
However  Ilija gets and has a heart attack.
Petar manages to get and call the ambulance.
Then. 
Which he is tied.
Lija  while  phones ura s house and tells his wife to tell him to stop all the flights from the airport.
He then crawls out  and starts crawling after Petar  with his dog following him.
<EOS>
All Morrie s wife wants.
Is to start a family.
When Morrie s two siblings show up needing a place to stay will they be able to juggle the pressure  or will it all be too much.
<EOS>
The Alamo is a dive bar.
The regular patrons gather to reminisce and discuss the future.
Cowboy Regan tries a last-ditch effort to save the place.
Who is now a powerful politician.
<EOS>
The setting is early America.
An elderly  down  Mr Cox finds himself in the town of Henrietta.
Using unconventional methods  he convinces himself and local Don Day.
There is oil.
The financially strapped Day puts everything  but at.
What cost.
<EOS>
Gary and his gal pal Linda visit an island.
Where a haunted resort hotel looms to do research.
They are joined.
They are subjected.
When a storm prevents them.
Who will not quit until all die.
<EOS>
Peter  a football crazy motorcycle taxi rider  decides to turn his back and quits his job - until his sleazy loan shark boss Bosco persuades him to do one last job.
It s the job.
Will change his life forever.
<EOS>
The film takes place.
Is overrun.
The film does not make clear.
The virus has infected the entire world  or just a small  isolated area.
It is suggested.
It is global to locate radio signals or contact anyone via the Internet.
Renchard has been forced to live against the mutants.
One day  Renchard is contacted by Brianna  another survivor.
Who was stranded.
A.
While trying to find Antioch  a community.
She asks Renchard to help her.
Renchard   refuses.
Who has placed time bombs.
Two men claiming to be arrive at his home seeking his aid.
Renchard is forced to cooperate.
Initially unpersuaded that Brianna carries the cure to the virus in her blood.
The bombs are set to detonate.
They must find and free Brianna.
The mutants or the bombs can destroy them.
Mikey is killed  Vincent shoots Renchard and captures Brianna.
He tells Renchard the way.
He did it because he liked the world.
It was and leaves him to die.
He short-circuits a car and chases to save Brianna.
Renchard recovers his strength.
Renchard kills Vincent.
Who was attempting to rape and kill Brianna.
The bombs explode  and they both head to make a cure.
However  it is revealed.
A single zombie has survived the explosion.
<EOS>
Paul Marnac and his infirm wife Genevieve move in the French countryside.
The estate is also the site.
Who was known.
There is a legend.
Alaric rises.
The estate is currently inhabited.
Right  mysterious things begin to happen.
Paul and Genevieve arrive.
Genevieve begins to wonder.
The legend is true.
<EOS>
A spoiled woman named.
Carrigan Crittenden attends the reading and learns he has only left her the old Whipstaff Manor in Friendship  Maine.
Learning there may be treasure hidden Paul Dibs Plutzker visit the house but discovered.
It is haunted.
Carrigan hires several professional to remove the ghosts with no success.
Casper learns.
Who helps ghosts complete their unfinished business and move on  and immediately falls with his daughter Kat.
He manipulates Carrigan.
Dr Harvey travels the country.
They move.
Casper s attempt to befriend Kat backfires.
When his uncles arrive home and cause havoc.
The next day  Casper tries to keep the peace.
Dr Harvey begins the Ghostly Trio.
Who claim they know where Amelia dwells.
Fatso pulls a prank.
Kat begins her first day.
Unintentionally convinces the class to hold their Halloween party.
She also is befriended.
Who asks her by order of his friend Amber  the stroppy  spoiled class president who originally was going to host the party.
Kat learns Casper has no memories and searches the house for a way to help him remember.
She finds Casper s bedroom and helps him remember his childhood.
However   he remembers.
Finding an old sled.
He died after staying out too late in the cold.
Kat finds.
A newspaper article  describing how Casper s father attempted to create a machine named Lazarus  designed to resurrect his dead son but was sent.
Carrigan and Dibs sneak in.
Casper and Kat go to find Lazarus.
The Ghostly Trio drag Dr Harvey out.
The Trio consider killing Dr Harvey  certain.
Out. 
He will become a ghost and join their band.
They decide they too much to simply murder him.
When he tells them that he wo nt force them out.
Meanwhile  Casper and Kat find a secret passage down.
Carrigan and Dibs spot a vault where they assume the treasure is.
Brings back the dead.
The potion will work.
Carrigan confronts Casper and Kat  spiriting herself  and seemingly kills Dibs by throwing him out of a nearby window.
Casper and Kat fool Carrigan.
She has no unfinished business  forcing her to cross over.
Casper s ` treasure  is revealed to be an autographed baseball signed.
Dr Harvey and the Ghostly Trio appear  the former having died.
Dr Harvey has no memories.
Who is heartbroken.
He is shocked.
When she reminds him.
What he has done.
Casper gives up the chance to become human.
The Halloween party kicks off downstairs.
Kat realizes.
She was tricked when Casper s uncles chase them out of the manor.
Casper sits sadly alone.
The spirit appears and grants him a wish in gratitude for caring for her daughter and husband - to spend one night alive  allowing him to dance with Kat until ten oclock.
Amelia then visits Dr Harvey and tells him.
The reason why he could nt find her ghost was because she had already crossed over and entered the afterlife  though Casper s uncles were able to get in gratitude for giving them the most fun they ve had in years.
She tells him he can move on.
Ten oclock chimes.
Casper kisses Kat just.
He transforms back  scaring away all of the party guests  leaving Casper  Kat  Dr Harvey and the Ghostly Trio to celebrate Halloween themselves.
<EOS>
Tired.
Lease a dilapidated nightclub called The Zoo from an old drunk named Leatherface.
The Zoo becomes their home away  that is.
The Donnelly Clan catches wind.
Little Joe Donnelly and his brawny but dimwitted twin brothers are a walking  talking trio -  trouble is sure to follow.
Where they go.
And  a fight is.
When they enter The Zoo ripe.
What they get.
They have pushed The Zoo Gang too far.
The battle is on.
The film ends.
<EOS>
Chhotu is an intelligent boy.
Born  he is pawned off by his mother to work at a roadside food stall under the somewhat kind owner  Bhati.
The mother says repeatedly Schools is not.
The movie is.
There is no such destiny.
Such supposed destinies can be changed.
One day Chhotu watches President Dr A.
P.
J.
Abdul Kalam inspires him.
Chhotu changes his name and decides.
He wants to become someone who wears a tie and who is respected.
Chhotu/Kalam is quick to learn.
To prepare tea and other things needed.
He impresses Bhati.
He delivers the tea by camel.
The European and American tourists love.
The other employee  a young man going  envies and mistreats the boy  at one time destroying all of his books.
There is a heritage hotel in the palace of an erstwhile royal family.
Chhotu/Kalam strikes up a friendship.
The prince is forbidden from mixing with commoners.
The two boys secretly meet often.
Chhotu/Kalam helps the prince to improve his Hindi.
The prince helps Chhotu/Kalam to learn English.
Kalam writes a speech for the prince for a contest.
The prince has broken his arm and can not write.
The speech wins first prize.
Guards search Kalam s room and find clothes and books.
The prince had given as a present secretly.
He does not reveal the source.
Though Kalam is accused.
Order to protect the prince.
Kalam hitches a ride.
Where he tries to meet the president.
Meanwhile  the prince tells his father.
He gave the clothes and that Kalam wrote the speech which earned first prize.
The nominal king realizes his mistake and sends the prince to find Kalam.
Kalam is found and is brought back home.
The king tells him.
He can study and employs Kalam s mother as well.
Bhati offers to pay the school fees.
Kalam says.
He will pay for them himself.
<EOS>
Libby Meredith and her husband  Roger move to a small house in backwoods Tennessee.
Their neighbor  Will Cade  is very helpful.
She comes to like the country life and finds.
Her intellectual husband is busy writing a book and paying her little attention.
Herself attracted.
Start up a middle-aged affair.
He is married.
Libby s daughter  Ellen  arrives asking.
She attends Harvard.
Soon enough  Will s son finds out  leading to drastic consequences for all.
<EOS>
The film focuses Greek Theo Tomasis  Liz Cassidy  the beautiful widow of the assassinated President of the United States.
Who rose to become an influential mogul who owns oil tankers  airlines  and Mediterranean islands and longs to be elected President of Greece  and considerably younger.
The two first meet.
When she is visiting his island estate.
Theo immediately is attracted and  despite the fact  begins to woo her aboard his yacht.
She obviously is happily married.
Her husband is deep with the former Prime Minister of the United Kingdom.
Theo s beloved son Nico dies.
The plot unfolds.
Theo ends his affair to comfort and eventually marry grieving widow Liz.
<EOS>
The film is.
Who is killed during Desert Storm.
He is brought back on the Fourth of July  as Uncle Sam.
He then proceeds to wreak havoc.
<EOS>
Devar madom Narayanan is accused  for being cruel to his mother  at the age of 13 and serves a sentence in a juvenile home.
He becomes leader.
When he returns.
He ensures.
The village is devoid by expelling them from the village.
His enemies are his uncle Kunjambu Nair and wife Indrani.
Kunjambu Nair hated Narayanan killing his brother.
Kunjambu Nair and his son Giri tried to kill Narayanan.
Giri almost succeeded in killing Devar madom Narayanan.
But Narayanan again did nt react.
He was.
Giri tries to sell his land to some outsider.
Whose arrival  Narayanan knew  would destroy the harmony.
That is.
When Narayanan decides to react.
Finally it turns out.
Kunjambu Nair was the one who actually killed his father.
Narayanan helps Ali Raghavan  the real son  to gain his birth right.
He kills his stepfather.
When Giri finds that he is the stepson.
But the family drives him away with the help of Narayanan.
Rest is about how and if Giri take revenge on Narayanan.
<EOS>
The film is set in Fort Lauderdale  Florida  Texan singing waitress Kelly Taylor meets Pennsylvanian college student Justin Bell.
They fall.
Various romantic complications ensue.
Kelly s friend Kaya falls with charming busboy Carlos  Kelly s other friend  Alexa  schemes to keep Justin and Kelly from meeting  Justin s friend Brandon is always getting on the wrong side of a sexy beach patrolwoman.
Justin s other friend  Eddie  tries to hook up.
<EOS>
An amendment comes.
People are no longer rulers.
One such kingdom is about to be seized.
Who refuses to lose his position.
He continues to rule the jurisdiction to pay tax for him.
People protest is police Inspector Dhirendra Singh.
He is transferred to a small village.
His parents arranges his marriage.
Who is the daughter.
But Janki is with Manu Pratap Singh.
Whose paternal uncle is the husband.
Janki s aunt warns her.
Their love would not be accepted.
But both are strong in their love and have intercourse before the marriage.
Manu Pratap Singh s younger brother is.
All are happy.
Jaipal Singh rapes Kamli.
She runs away.
Meanwhile Jaipal Singh asks Janki to Janki s father.
Fury s him as he is an old man.
A father despite he is a king.
Manu and Bhanu protest and so Manu was not able to meet Janki.
Both Manu s father and Janki s father strongly oppose their love.
Janki is married.
She is kidnapped.
Janki leaves.
He tries to rape her.
But Manu shoots him death.
He fells.
Who is fainted due.
Dhirender misunderstands.
Janki was raped.
He can not touch her.
He comes to know about Janki s pregnancy and misunderstands.
It is due and tells her to abort the baby.
But Janki refuses and insists.
She will go out.
But Dhirender s love permits her to give birth to the baby.
Janki gives birth.
She goes to inform Manu about it.
But Manu advices Janki to live and forget him.
Who finds Dhirender is a very nice man.
Janki obeys him and apologizes Dhirender.
Dhirender.
Who initially refuses to see the child but accepts the baby.
All the three live happily.
Dhirender promises.
He will have that baby alone.
Jaipal Singh sends his daughter Jaya to shut her mouth.
When she starts questioning him.
Manu-Bhanu Pratap s father was killed.
Bhanu waits to take revenge.
Seven years pass.
Now Dhirendar Singh is Superintendent.
He finds.
Many dacoits have formed.
They plunder but he has no evidence to prove that.
Many areas and root cause is Jaipal Singh at underground.
Bhanu now a bandit named Bhavani and help the poor.
Who steals money.
Manu is released.
He stays.
There he meets his son.
Who is very affectionate.
His affection is overflown.
He can not expose himself.
Kamli lives an illegal life.
Jaya  daughter returns from abroad.
Bhanu kidnaps her to take revenge.
Who once raped his lover.
Bhanu forcefully marries Jaipal and Kamli.
Jaya understands with Bhanu.
She finds.
Bhanu is a well educated and kind man and both fall.
Manu misunderstands.
His father and borther are killed and sets off to kill him without knowing that Bhavani is his brother Bhanu.
Dhiren comes to arrest Bhavani.
Jaya admits.
She is her.
Dhiren find.
The people are very much affected and want to portest against him.
Dhiren compels them not to take law.
He will take action lawfully.
He gathers evidences and goes to arrest Jaipal.
But he drops the action.
Dhirend finds.
Manu is the real father.
He decides to save the child and give it and let live Manu with Janki and her son and leaves to arrest Jaipal.
Manu promises Janki.
Her marriage will not be broken.
He sets to save Dhiren.
Jaipal is killed.
Much struggles and fights.
Manu is injured.
When he protects Dhirendra.
Manu tells Dhiren.
A man can not be a father just because he gives birth and tell Dhiren can be the father and dies in his arms.
Dhiren lets.
The child to lit the funeral pyre understands the truth about the child on seeing Janki.
Dhirendra unites.
<EOS>
The picture tells the story.
Who takes an instant dislike.
Bud blames the stranger and sets off a campaign to smear his name and spreads vicious rumors.
His new-found dog is turns up dead.
His parents ca nt seem to handle the boy.
Bud comes to realize.
Bud endangers the crops by his vandalism of the neighbor s oil tank  and is told the dog got killed by eating poisoned meat meant for coyotes.
People are not always.
What they appear to be.
<EOS>
The movie starts off.
No animals or birds are around at all.
They discover a pile.
Have been dismembered and laid.
They are then chased.
It drops dead.
Something sounding is heard heading for them  the screen goes black.
Richard has a heart attack  and dies.
Then he.
Richard Vineyard and his wife Cynthia  as well as his daughter Sadie and young son Danny  are shown leaving their suburban home to go  they wish to remove themselves from civilization and bond together on their camping trip in the Barrens  a forest in southern New Jersey.
They notice a mutilated deer crossing the road.
The Vineyard family stays in a campsite.
Is crowded and inundated.
Richard has a flashback.
Setting up his tent.
Occurred. 
Later that evening   the campers pull a prank.
When a fellow camper explains the origins.
Scares the Vineyard family.
Richard overreacts and is irate  much and dismay of the rest of the Vineyard family.
Later that night  Richard has a nightmare.
Where he is being chased by an unknown creature.
He is awakened  and was stopped by his wife.
He had literally run.
He then proceeds to jealously accuse his wife.
Who responds.
Richard apologizes and   he goes.
His wife goes back.
Where he witnesses a deer carcass fall.
The next morning we discover.
Richard has a previous wound form before they left their house that he is taking pills  and that Cynthia is a stepmother to the Vineyard children.
It is also revealed.
One has gone missing  and that the hikers from earlier in the story were found the previous week dead.
Richard   leads his family deeper  away from all the other people.
Who appears physically weak.
The son Danny notices the disemboweled body  but says nothing.
Stopping. 
Richard begins hallucinating and being short.
They stumble.
Where they notice a deteriorating dog corpse  hanging furs  but no people.
They decide to set up camp there.
Richard Vineyard goes to dispose.
Where he discovers that one  has been following them.
Richard reveals.
He saw the Jersey Devil.
It begins to rain.
Richard returns.
Where he becomes aggressive.
His wife tells him.
They are going home when it stops raining.
It is revealed.
Richard killed the family dog  before they left  after it bit him.
That night  Sadie goes.
When she is scared.
It is revealed.
When the dog bit Richard  it had rabies.
Richard s mental state deteriorates.
Richard sleep-walks again.
Awakens barely intact.
They leave immediately.
Danny and Richard disappear.
Cynthia and Sadie stumble with Richard s knife next to the body.
Calling the police.
They find Danny face-down and resuscitate him.
Richard reappears and has a seizure.
He then attacks Cynthia  breaking her leg.
Richard is knocked unconscious  tied up.
Saddie and Danny run to find help  leaving an injured Cynthia.
Breaks free  Cynthia passes out.
Richard sees.
The Jersey Devil appear.
Saddie and Danny are found  the police find the bodies of the campers.
Cynthia knocks out Richard.
Richard comes.
Is attacked off screen.
The hunter and the kids stumble.
Then a bleeding Cynthia.
A fight ensues and Cynthia and the kids escape.
Which the hunter is knocked out.
Richard corners his family behind his family.
The police corner the Vineyards.
The rest notice it as well  horrified.
Richard attempts to shoot it  but is shot  missing his shot.
The Jersey Devil then kills.
The policemen then returns to finish off the Vineyard family.
<EOS>
Jeena Sirf Merre Liye is.
Pinky and her father come every year during Pinky s school break.
Pinky looks forward.
They get separated.
Puja s father  a tycoon  goes back.
Karan get adopted also from the city.
Puja s father sends her.
Time passes.
The two live.
They try to find each other but are unable.
Puja hears her watch but is unable to realize.
Karan is the one.
She writes to find Karan and comes across Seema.
Seema has come and believes him to be her boyfriend.
Puja later realizes.
Karan is her childhood love  as does Seema.
Seema goes to tell Karan.
He gets a call.
He s going to find Puja.
His sister s wedding has been canceled.
The reason was Puja s father  he did nt approve.
Puja finds out and marries Karan in front of her father.
He shoots Karan.
Who survives.
They live happily ever after.
<EOS>
Brad Collins  a San Francisco shipping executive  was once involved in New York.
Who recently married Nan Lowry Collins.
A stevedore.
The couple meet Christine Norman  an old flame of Collins.
Nan immediately dislikes her.
Collins becomes the target.
Who orders the murder drowned after a brief interrogation.
The executive to sabotage the shipping industry in the San Francisco Bay by resisting union demands in a labor dispute.
He claims.
It is impossible to leave the Communist Party.
Meanwhile Norman  bitter  is ordered to become closer to his brother-in-law Don Lowry by indoctrinating him with their Communist world view.
Norman  though  genuinely falls  with Vanning claiming.
She is not meant to be so emotional.
A friend and former boyfriend of Nan  union leader Jim Travers can not understand.
Collins has become unreasonable to deal.
Travers is concerned being able to take it over  and suspects Norman of being a communist  or at least a fellow traveler.
He discusses this.
Who is a new colleague.
Lowry denies Norman s politics  apparently still free.
Where his   future wife s friends are coming from politically.
She confesses.
When confronted.
She shows him a photograph and reveals his communist past.
Lowry rejects her.
Vanning interrupts them.
Angry for breaking orders  she was supposed to be in Seattle for another two days on her day job as a photographer  he tries to lean on Lowry.
He is now able to expose the influence the party has regained.
Lowry travels.
What he has learned.
T Arnold observed the earlier killing.
Who had.
Nan  previously informed  tries to convince her husband.
Her brother is.
Lowry s killing was not an accident.
He pretends to be unconvinced.
Confronting Christine  Nan is told.
Christine informs her.
Bailey was probably responsible.
Preparing a suicide note  Christine is interrupted.
Who thinks this is a good solution.
It is unclear.
She does commit suicide  or whether she is thrown out.
Intent  Nan befriends Bailey at the fairground.
Where he has legitimate employment  and goes off.
The hit man is saved.
When she is identified.
Nan is kidnapped and taken.
Collins tracks his wife down.
Bailey and Vanning are killed.
Collins fatally injured.
Nan says.
She still loves him.
<EOS>
Nicholas Tse plays a special agent.
He  however  is not an ordinary police officer and has the ability to see ghosts.
Tse s partner is Sam Lee.
However it is Sam s time to reincarnate and so a new partner must be found.
The new partner comes.
Who can also see ghosts.
Fung thinks.
It is great being the partner.
Everything runs smoothly.
Fung finds out that the unit only operates in order to continue working for 2002 one must die.
<EOS>
Martin  a US student  wants Arthur Seldom as his thesis supervisor.
He idolises Seldom and has learned.
He takes accommodation at the house of Mrs Eagleton  an old friend of Seldom.
Is her daughter  Beth.
Who is her full time caregiver -- which she resents bitterly -- and a musician.
Seldom quotes Wittgenstein s Tractatus to deny the possibility of absolute truth.
Hoping to impress his idol  Martin disputes this  asserting his faith  I believe in the number pi.
Seldom humiliates him  ridiculing his arguments and making him look foolish.
Disillusioned  Martin decides to abandon his studies and goes.
There  he encounters his office-mate  a bitter mathematician Podorov.
Who also failed to become a student.
Martin then returns.
Where he finds Seldom arriving to visit Mrs Eagleton.
The two men enter the house together and find Martin s landlady murdered.
Seldom tells the police.
He had received a note.
He argues.
Seldom is an authority.
A serial killer is using murder.
The only perfect crime is not the one  but the one.
Exists. 
Remains unsolved.
Is solved.
Elijah wood  Hollywood Reporter.
June 28  2010  the credit   goes to Guillermo Martinez Martin and Seldom discuss.
Was highlighted.
Easily the murder might have been overlooked  particularly as she already suffered from terminal cancer.
Martin suggests - meaning.
The murderer is committing ` imperceptible murders.
The killer is choosing victims who are already dying therefore meaning that the police would be less likely to suspect foul play.
Martin goes.
Where his girlfriend Lorna works.
There he meets a religious fanatic.
Who has a daughter.
He also runs.
Who is visiting a former student who went mad and suffers.
The patient dies of an apparent lethal injection.
Who shares the room.
The authorities receive a second symbol  two interlocking arcs.
Martin and Lorna s relationship becomes strained.
He becomes more obsessed and discovers that Lorna had once been Seldom s lover.
Martin sees Podorov acting suspiciously.
The police give chase  only to discover.
Podorov had merely intended to hang an insulting banner.
Collapses and dies.
They are distracted a member.
A drawing is found on his music stand.
Afterwards  Seldom tells Martin a story.
Who had written a diary listing ways to kill his wife.
She killed her husband but was acquitted.
When the wife discovered the diary.
Decades later  the diary was discovered to have been forged.
Seldom uses this story to explain.
The perfect crime is not one which is never solved  but one which is solved incorrectly.
All is excited.
A local researcher claims to have solved Fermat s last theorem.
The Mathemeticians  including Seldom and Martin board a bus to head.
Martin jumps out.
The two reconcile and agree to take a long vacation away.
Martin realizes.
The sequence the killer has sent them all consist and that the fourth one will be a tetractys  consisting of ten points.
The police  thinking  believe.
The killer is obsessed.
He means to target the bus which Seldom and the other mathematicians are.
However  the killer   is actually the man.
Martin realizes.
He had met.
The man is a bus driver.
Seeing the students as unfit to live and wanting to provide organ donors to save his own daughter s life he blows up his bus  killing the children inside and himself.
Afterwards the police theorize and had committed the other murders to present the deaths of the schoolchildren as the work of a serial killer  thus shifting blame from himself.
He had planned to escape the blast alive.
Afterwards  Lorna and Martin prepare to leave Oxford.
However  Martin realizes.
Seldom has been lying.
Martin travels to meet Seldom.
Lorna leaves.
He explains.
What he has figured out.
Beth  wanting to be relieved  had murdered the old woman.
The police had initially suspected.
She had called Seldom.
Who came over to help cover up the crime.
But Seldom arrived.
As Martin did and so could not clean up the crime scene.
Instead he invented the story.
Order to throw suspicion off.
The man had died of natural causes with Seldom merely creating a fake injection mark and leaving a symbol behind.
The death was a fortuitous accident.
Seldom took advantage.
Seldom argues.
While he did indeed lie  his actions resulted.
However  Martin points out.
The bus bomber took his inspiration.
Seldom counters.
All actions have unintended consequences and that Martin s flirtations had led to her murdering her mother.
The characters debate several mathematical  physical and philosophical concepts Heisenberg s Principle of Uncertainty  Godel s Theorem  circles  the Vesica Piscis  the possibility of perfect crime  Fermat s Last Theorem and its proof by Professor Wiles  the Taniyama conjecture  the tetraktys and the Pythagoreans.
There are references  also.
Logic series is not actually an established topic.
Contrary.
What Seldom states at the beginning of the film.
It is not expressed  the argument is rather a philosophical argument expressed in normal  albeit idiosyncratic  language.
Professor Andrew Wiles   is represented.
Who solved Fermat s Last Theorem.
Fermat s Last Theorem is represented.
<EOS>
New York Police Sergeant John Kennedy once guarded Abraham Lincoln away deeply impressed by the man.
He was campaigning  and came.
Kennedy has infiltrated a cabal and discovered.
An assassination attempt will be made as the president-elect makes his way to Washington  DC.
His boss  Superintendent Simon G.
Stroud  dismisses the threat.
Does. 
Whom Stroud is meeting.
Kennedy resigns.
Having already sent a copy to the Secretary of War  he telegrams Lincoln  urgently requesting a meeting in Baltimore.
He boards the Night Flyer Express train bound for Baltimore and Washington.
Where Inspector Reilly is to give him his train ticket.
However  Kennedy can not find his friend.
He is forced to get off by conductor Homer Crowley.
There are no more tickets to be had.
Jeffers sprints aboard anyway.
The train starts pulling away.
Are Mrs Charlotte Alsop  an anti-slavery writer  Lance Beaufort  a soldier from Georgia.
Who plans to resign and enlist.
Kennedy finally discovers Reilly s body on the exterior platform of a car.
The corpse slips off the train.
He is reaching.
He finds an imposter claiming to be him and.
When he returns.
The conductor is summoned.
Fellow passenger Jeffers vouches and gives him a spare ticket to share his compartment.
The imposter forces Kennedy.
When the train whistle sounds.
Kennedy manages to grapple.
The commotion attracts Jeffers  attention.
The colonel shoots and kills the conspirator.
Jeffers offers Kennedy first use.
When they reboard.
Jeffers steals the derringer and shoots him.
Kennedy appears to be dozing.
He had loaned the.
Fortunately  Kennedy had become suspicious and tampered.
Jeffers confesses.
He is to protect his shares in Northern cotton mills  which would be adversely affected by war.
Kennedy tries to have Jeffers arrested  but Jeffers obtains confirmation by telegram from Stroud.
Kennedy is no longer a police officer.
It is Kennedy.
Who is taken by Lieutenant Coulter.
Rachel tries to give Kennedy an urgent message  but is brushed off.
Kennedy manages to escape and get back.
Meanwhile  the exasperated conductor is ordered to hold the train.
A special package is delivered.
Passenger Mrs Gibbons meets and takes.
Kennedy runs.
Who informs him that Beaufort is getting off as he had claimed.
He is taken prisoner and tied up in Jeffers  compartment.
The plotters are disappointed  however.
When they receive news that Lincoln has cancelled his speech  where Beaufort was to assassinate him.
Jeffers gets off.
He remembers Mrs Gibbons  he surmises.
The train is pulling away.
Her husband is actually Lincoln.
Running  he manages to alert Beaufort.
Kennedy  however  frees himself and   sends the would-be assassin tumbling from the speeding train.
Afterward  Mrs Gibbons tells Kennedy.
She is an undercover Pinkerton agent  and that his report was read by Allan Pinkerton  who persuaded Lincoln to cancel his speech and travel incognito.
<EOS>
Junoon tells the story.
Who nearly gets killed.
His friend is killed by the tiger.
Vikram manages to shoot the beast.
Still  the tiger wounds Vikram badly.
It dies.
Later  Vikram s hopes of survival are minimal.
But the spirit gets into Vikram.
Vikram is treated.
He begins to like her.
Vikram realizes.
The days go.
There is an evil present.
His dead friend s spirit tells him.
Himself will become the same beast on the upcoming full moon and every full moon thereafter.
His friend also tells Vikram to kill himself.
Vikram refuses saying.
He will accept whatever his future has.
Vikram s liking turns into an obsession.
He comes to know that she is.
The evil comes forward.
He plots to separate Nita and Ravi.
Then he consoles and convinces Nita s father to allow him to marry Nita.
The night is the night of the full moon.
That night Vikram transforms and kills an unknown woman.
The following nights  Vikram s hunting spree continues.
He kills more people.
His wife Nita finds something fishy going on.
Every night Vikram leaves the house.
That is.
One night she manages to keep him.
Vikram transforms and tries to kill her.
She manages to escape.
Where the beast came.
Who has doubts.
But both the villager and the policeman are killed trying to save Nita.
A priest informs Ravi and Nita.
There is a dagger.
Ravi and Nita go and are successful in finding the dagger.
But  Vikram shows up and demands the dagger.
Ravi and Nita can get out.
That is.
When a fight ensues.
They manage to slay him and end the curse.
<EOS>
A naive monk  Brother Ambrose  is sent to raise $.
Order to save their monastery.
He goes.
Where he encounters a number.
He is at first robbed and later befriended  and meets a prostitute named Mary.
Who lets him stay.
Mary grows to care and seduces him.
He is taking a cold shower to try to alleviate his lustful thoughts.
He visits several churches  performed by the televangelist Armageddon T.
He is.
Thunderbird.
He sees the focus being a request for money in exchange for salvation.
Ambrose is angered and tries to meet a number of times with Thunderbird  being ejected each time.
Dr Melmoth and Ambrose travel the city.
Which they hold church services.
The brakes of the bus release and the bus rolls downhill into a river.
The passengers escape safely and are shown on the local news being baptized by the pair.
Catches Thunderbird s attention.
He prays.
O.
D.
For guidance and it tells him to work to make more money and has a clean image.
Ambrose is an innocent.
Thunderbird has his minions kidnap Ambrose and bring him.
Where he outlines a plan on wheels.
He says.
He will pay Ambrose the $ 5000 the monastery needs if he assists him.
Thunderbird mentions that G.
They are talking.
O.
D.
Audibly talks is surprised because he.
When he prays.
Himself has never heard in this way.
Ambrose agrees to work.
They go to town holding services in their own bus.
Ambrose overhears Thunderbird praying to G.
O.
D.
And. 
When he hears G.
O.
D.
Speak back  he is intrigued.
He sneaks and discovers that G.
When Thunderbird leaves.
O.
D.
Is a sophisticated master computer  linked.
He talks.
O.
D.
And reads the Bible  giving it morality and a conscience.
G.
O.
D.
Decides to give all away and tells Ambrose.
What to do to accomplish this  which results.
Thunderbird discovers.
Someone has been interfering and rushes back to headquarters where he tries to capture Ambrose and destroys the computer.
Ambrose grabs the paid monastery mortgage certificate and escapes in a chase through the city.
She learns.
Mary and Dr Melmoth look during his escape.
Melmoth is the father that left her family when she was a child  due.
They eventually find Ambrose and rescue him.
Ambrose goes back and gives the abbot the mortgage certificate  then leaves and marries Mary.
Who is pregnant together.
The end titles show Melmoth s bus traveling down the road  saying they all lived happily hereafter.
<EOS>
The story starts once successful actress now on the decline of her career  laughing hysterically while looking herself in a mirror.
She then smashes the mirror and kills herself.
The film then goes an actress filming for her film.
She constantly gets appreciated.
She gets.
Nominated her wins all the filmfare awards.
Shanaya is madly with Aditya and urges him to marry her as soon as possible.
Aditya  still a struggling director  says.
Once his film becomes a hit he will marry her.
Everything goes smoothly  a struggling actress comes into picture.
Sanjana is much younger and pleads for the directors to offer her even an extra in a film.
Everyone refuses.
Aditya sees her and is immediately smitten.
She s.
He offers her the lead role.
The film becomes a huge hit.
She gets numerous appreciations and becomes noticeable.
Sanjana keeps getting offers.
Everyone seems to beforgetting Shanaya.
Sanjana comes into spotlight and wins all the award.
She is nominated.
Shanaya begins and decides to quit acting and marry Aditya.
Aditya is but chooses Sanjana.
Shanaya  heartbroken and depressesd  leaves Aditya.
Shanaya is unable to think and finally drives towards Aditya and creates a racous.
Causes him to slap her.
Shanaya  even more depressed slowly becomes mad.
She seeks help a tantrik.
Who helps her to practice black magic and calls.
She asks her to make Sanjana s life a living hell.
The ghost agrees her and begins to taunt and torture Sanjana more and more.
She becomes suicidal.
Aditya  unable to see her goes to a tantrik.
Who helps him find a way to get rid.
As soon  Aditya comes and taunts the ghost about her past life.
The ghost approaches to kill Sanjana.
The ghost unable to bear the torture vanishes and takes revenge by posessing her.
The film then comes.
Shanaya does the same.
What she did.
<EOS>
An in-flight NASA Shuttlecraft carrying a plutonium payload is forced to crash land.
Is unfriendly.
The surviving astronaut  Dr Beverly Owens  is taken captive  Akmed Najah.
The U.
S.
Government fears the plutonium  Zach Taylor.
Will be used to create a nuclear weapon and seeks help from ace stunt pilot.
Stockdale Flying Sequence  Zach works.
Who bares personal bitterness.
Najah had earlier destroyed Murphy s home  killing his wife and child.
Zach learns.
The downed spacecraft crashed.
He and Murphy seek the aid.
Who have lived their lives.
One is Desiree Jones  daughter.
Whom she found when he was a baby.
The boy  is now 8 years old but appears to be quite capable  even demonstrating the capability.
Together  they set off to locate the terrorists and rescue Dr Owens.
Owens detached the nuclear container from the onboard satellite before being taken captive.
Akmed Najah systematically tortures the astronaut.
Order to force her to disclose the container s location.
He discovers and sends out teams to stop them.
A rescue search party is.
Leading the killer Dacoits is a young man named Taj-a-tali   son.
Zach  Murphy  Desiree and Jason  are attacked but manage to fend off the assault and capture.
Later  Taj escapes to his father s jungle lair.
Akmed Najah is displeased.
Him killed together.
Owens had succumbed to torture and revealed the plutonium location.
No longer needing her  Najah orders.
She and his son be dropped.
Zach and Desiree are separated and.
Multiple misadventures discover the terrorists  hiding location to save Owens and Najah s son.
Zach locates the space shuttle satellite and sets it to explode.
Akmed Najah orders.
The craft s payload container be flown out to an unidentified eastern power.
He later dies.
Desiree escorts Owens and the boy decimates the terrorist lair.
Learning  Zach and Desiree set out to stop the aerial pickup.
The plutonium is about to leave the jungle.
Jason arrives.
Had been left back.
The young boy flies the plane the same way.
He drives a vehicle.
However  he manages to land the craft.
Zach climbs aboard.
A motorcade appear  firing weapons at the fleeing trio.
Desiree draws their fire.
Zach and Jason turn the plane.
She leaps aboard the plane.
It lifts.
Zach skillfully pilots the aircraft and stunt maneuvers steals the aerial pickup from the Dacoits.
It can be scooped by others.
Zach pulls the plane and then down toward the ground  suddenly flipping it over at the last minute.
That it flies upside down.
The rapid spinning causes Jason to become ill.
Desiree drops a hand grenade.
The plane approaches the Dacoits.
Both droppings fall explodes setting off surrounding explosives.
High fly toward a setting sun.
Zach asks Jason.
He would like to fly.
A very sick little boy replies  No thank you.
Murphy learns.
His arch nemesis has been killed.
Murphy opens a pocket watch given him by his dead wife and child.
Taj-a-tali awakens and recognizes the music.
The music plays.
The group comes to learn but is instead  Murphy s son.
The boy is not Najah s son.
The boy had been kidnapped the night.
Akmed Najah killed Murphy s wife and destroyed their home.
Jason  smiles and say simply  This has been a good day  a very good day.
Who is feeling much better.
<EOS>
Judd Holdren   plays Captain Video  the leader.
What was only his second starring screen role.
He faces an interplanetary menace   the traitorous earth scientist Dr Tobor are planning to conquer the earth.
<EOS>
A beautiful woman  Kate  is released.
While she was away her husband John has begun an affair.
The two sisters live together block  and find themselves stalked by some mysterious strangers  Rosa and Duncan.
John is away.
Marianne believes.
She is being confused.
It turns out.
The whole thing is a plot to revenge herself on Marianne and John.
Marianne accidentally shoots John.
Who has murdered Rosa.
<EOS>
One day Moomintroll wakes to notice.
Grey dust is covering everything.
He runs to ask the philosophical Muskrat.
He knows what is happening.
Who advises him that things tend to look before an awful fate coming from the sky hits the Earth.
Sniff and Snufkin build a raft and head out on a challenging journey to the observatory in the Lonely Mountains hoping to find out more from the wise professors there.
The friends have to overcome several adversities.
Order to make it there.
They find the professors deep.
When they arrive.
They reveal.
A comet will reach the Earth.
The group decides to get back home as fast.
They can to share the news.
They encounter more dangerous creatures and obstacles as well as some old and new friends  including Snork Maiden and her brother Snork.
Who join them.
The sky continues to become redder and the air hotter.
They are shocked to see.
When they get.
The sea has completely dried up.
A walk brings more excitement and danger.
Eventually they make it back home and discover another shocking detail  the comet is supposed to land right in their own garden that very night.
Ultimately  the big question is.
They can get everybody.
<EOS>
The film is set early  beginning on Thursday  June 2 of.
This day was a Friday.
Millie Dillmount s ambition is to find work and then marry him -- a thoroughly modern goal.
Millie befriends Miss Dorothy Brown into the Priscilla Hotel.
She remarks  Sad to be all alone.
When house mother Mrs Meers learns Miss Dorothy is an orphan.
Unbeknownst  the woman is selling her tenants into white slavery.
Those are her primary targets.
Millie meets the devil-may-care paper clip salesman Jimmy Smith.
Whom she takes an instant liking.
However  she carries.
She sets her sights.
When she gets a job.
Jimmy later takes her and Miss Dorothy.
Where they meet eccentric widow.
Jimmy tells the girls.
His father was Muzzy s former gardener.
She is determined to stick and marry Trevor.
Millie is falling with Jimmy.
One morning  she goes to work dressed and attempts to seduce him.
Her effort fails.
Eventually  Trevor sees Miss Dorothy and falls with her and vice versa  leaving Millie heartbroken.
Meanwhile  Jimmy s attempts to talk are continually thwarted by no-nonsense head stenographer Miss Flannary.
He eventually climbs up the side.
She tells him she is quitting her job.
When he finally gets to talk.
Mr Graydon is no longer available.
Mrs Meers makes several attempts to kidnap Miss Dorothy and hand her over.
Millie manages to interrupt her every time.
Millie finds Trevor drowning his sorrows.
When Mrs Meers finally succeeds.
He tells.
Her Miss Dorothy stood him up and checked out.
Jimmy climbs and lets Millie in.
They find all still there.
Millie realizes.
Miss Dorothy is just one who have vanished without a word to anyone.
They try to piece the puzzle together.
Millie mentions.
When Jimmy asks what all the missing girls had.
They all were orphans.
Jimmy disguises himself  and casually mentions.
She is an orphan.
Mrs Meers spots Trevor sitting  becomes suspicious  and shoots him with a tranquilizer dart.
Mary James is subsequently captured.
Millie follows them.
Where the unconscious Jimmy has been hidden where Miss Dorothy is sleeping.
Trying to look casual  Millie has been smoking a cigarette.
She tosses it  setting off the fireworks.
When she begins to choke.
Millie dashes and finds several white girls tied up and about to be sent off to Beijing.
A series tear through the building.
She unties a couple.
Who then free the other girls  and then bumps.
They carry Jimmy  and head for Long Island and Muzzy.
Mrs Meers  Bun Foo  and Ching Ho follow Millie and the gang.
Everyone manages to subdue the nefarious trio.
Millie then discovers.
Muzzy is their stepmother.
Who sent them out to find partners who would love them for who they were and not for their money.
Millie marries Jimmy and Miss Dorothy marries Trevor.
<EOS>
The gang are running their own taxi service  and come delivering laundry to J.
William McAllister  the wealthiest man.
His doctor and his wife have both convinced him.
He s sick.
They convince him otherwise.
When the kids visit him.
They all drive off and have the time of their lives.
<EOS>
Tony Banks  a retired mob torpedo  now settled about his daughter s new hippie boyfriend Stash  and his own paternity of Darlene.
Cesar Romero and Frankie Avalon appear.
A father-and-son pair  Hechy and Angie  who bring Tony the news that top mobster God wants him to carry out one last job -- liquidating his old pal  Blue Chips Packard  before Packard can testify before the US Senate s Crime Commission.
Tony refuses.
Harry  shot  goes along with God s wishes and  now wearing a convict s striped outfit  finds himself in the island prison of Alcatraz  a futuristically high-tech institution.
Discovering another old friend.
Where Packard is held.
Stash and his friends   are invited by Flo to stay at their house.
Who have been charged.
She visits Angie to persuade him to either cancel the job  or take her.
She can ask personally.
Angie wo nt take Flo.
He will take Darlene.
Who nonetheless insists.
God takes a liking.
Does God s tall  supermodel-like black mistress.
Both are frustrated.
One turns out to be a draft dodger called Fred the Professor  an electronics wizard.
Who has renounced technology  but makes an exception.
Banks realizes.
Will probably never leave the prison.
He writes his wife  on stationery borrowed from Fred.
Discovering the hard way  enough to send the whole prison.
All the stationery is soaked.
One says  Hey   I would nt have to rape anybody anymore.
If I take some.
Fred guides Tony come to terms with his worries about Darlene and his past while plotting their escape.
Darlene and Stash spend the night and his friends about their location  and a coded plea for help.
Tony and Fred build a makeshift balloon  dump the whole supply of stationery into the prison s lunch  and fly out of the prison.
The hippies mount a rescue.
Everyone below begins to freak out.
Both the hippies and the balloon arrive at the same time.
It happens.
Feeling trapped  God adopts the stooped Groucho posture  skulks and closes the door.
We last see Flo and Tony.
The film ends.
She pulls him  while in the main cabin  God s Skipper  holding open a copy of Gabriel Vahanian s iconic 1961 book  The Death of God  performs a marriage ceremony between Angie and God s Mistress  who then proceeds to become overly affectionate with surprised best-man/father-figure Hechy.
The dismayed Angie tries to separate them.
Another ceremony  performed by a hippie minister named Geronimo  using the Skipper s Death of God book  joins this brother and this sister in holy union.
The scene cuts  in calm waters  of a small sailboat  with sails decorated in large psychedelic designs of the words LOVE and PEACE  holding two occupants -- Fred the Professor and God  both dressed in Hare Krishna/transcendental meditation garb.
They smile beatifically.
Nilsson s voice is heard singing I Will Take You There.
The words Stop.
Members can rise from their seats.
The entire credit sequence is then sung  with various asides.
<EOS>
Sidhardha  a Delhi based youth wing leader is sentenced to jail for murdering Ambikaratnam  the women wing leader of the ruling party.
He had to face a series of physical torture for questioning the injustice happening inside.
Kalimulla  the jail superintendent  along is running a crime syndicate inside the jail.
Siddhardha witnesses the brutal atrocities happening inside.
Special treatment meted out.
A re investigation is ordered on Ambikaratnam murder case and is handed over to CBI.
Akhila  a dashing and aggressive officer is assigned to re probe Sidhardha s case.
She visits him.
His response was hostile.
Sidhardha refuses to.
The entire the system is corrupted.
But Akhila moves ahead.
She finds out.
Sidhardha is innocents and was falsely inducted.
Justice Varma  a retired Supreme Court judge is working.
He claims.
Titled  the book has chapters on the illegal underworld connections of Jyothikrishna  the aspiring Prime Minister of the country.
Popularly known.
K.
He had been involved.
May even hurt the security.
J.
K.
His lieutenant approach Justice Varma and offers several sops including a governor post.
Varma refuses to buy it.
Sidhardha escapes and reaches at Varma to explain him the realities happening inside central prison.
He refuses to accept Varma s advise to surrender and informs him.
Who had framed him.
Sidhardha meets Akhila to explain his side.
Sidhardha  an emerging youth leader was involved.
He was accompanied.
Who desired to bring a change.
Sidhardha and Ambikaratnam questioned the policies and opposed the ways of J.
K.
Calling him a threat.
Order to obliterate Sidhardha  J.
K.
Took the help.
K planted a bomb.
Exploded killing her.
Sidhardha was accused and was arrested.
Dharman rose in short time and has become a trusted aide of J.
K.
Meanwhile Swami Somendra plans a conspiracy to topple the government.
He is the mentor.
K and runs an underworld.
Several politicians.
Who questioned J.
K were found missing.
She is shocked to find.
Even the top CBI officers are a part.
K s coterie.
Swami Somendra tries all ways.
Sidhardha along decides to opt for violence to save the nation before the elections.
They open up a secret jail and picks up several criminals and political leaders and kills them  creating a panic.
He reaches.
K and Somendra and makes them confess and kills them.
Whereby delivering justice.
<EOS>
Pretty  popular and athletic Aly has been banking to college.
She has an active life and never seems to sit still.
She realises.
When she injures her knee.
She will have to fund her education.
She resents her mother  her mother became ill as a consequence binge eating and used the money from her daughter s college fund.
Order to pay her hospital bill.
Aly is overly critical.
She even refuses to eat a cake.
Her mother purchased.
Aly enters a documentary film contest.
Order to fund her further education.
Convinced  Aly decides to take a summer course wearing a fat suit and hidden camera to prove.
Her overweight younger brother and mother use their struggles.
Personality can outshine physical appearance.
But this high schooler has no idea.
Harsh the world can be.
Aly soon realises.
Difficult the world can be.
She is shunned by other students  despite her resolve to be kind and not to alter her personality.
She meets Ramona.
Who is overweight and taking the same class.
Ramona shares aspects with her new friend and feels betrayed.
When Aly uses Ramona s words.
<EOS>
Montine McLeod is a flight attendant.
Who gets stuck after their flight gets grounded in Longview  Texas the morning of Sept.
11 .
Omar is an unaccompanied minor.
Ensues Montine becomes his temporary guardian.
She later discovers.
Omar s father works.
She decides to drive the boy home his father is at home waiting in New York.
He informs her.
They begin to bond and learn more about each other.
Montine makes a stop.
She receives a call that her mother is dying.
She arrives to find her mother dead.
She makes it.
She continues to head back on the road to take Omar home.
They learn.
When they get there.
Omar s father has not been home since the destruction of the towers.
Later that night  Montine receives a call  and is forced to bring Omar.
Montine is terminated.
Omar taken and is given to his school head master for the night before leaving for a new school the following day.
The day Omar is set to leave  he locks himself in the bathroom and refuses to come out.
Montine is asked to come.
She coaxes Omar.
She walks him to his flight to Los Angeles.
<EOS>
Jimmy and Michael were best friends.
They played guitar and sang together.
Dreamed. 
Their partnership ended.
When Michael decided to become a priest.
Jimmy eventually became a university lecturer.
The two meet again.
Twenty years later when Jimmy sees posters advertising one in his church hall.
The two are delighted to see each other.
They gradually remember the events.
Drove them apart.
The events are shown.
Jimmy catches sight of Maureen and tells Michael.
He has fallen.
Maureen becomes topless.
Michael s concerts.
The events are mirrored in the present day.
Father Michael is good friends and her son Paul.
Who idolises him and wants to become a priest himself.
However Jimmy and Mary get together.
The IMDB entry describes this as an act of revenge by Jimmy.
Paul discovers them making love and runs away.
Michael insists that Paul return home.
Thus Michael loses the friendship.
He is shown bereft.
<EOS>
Long-time friends Bacon  Soap  Tom  and Eddy put together #.
That Eddy  a genius  can buy in to one of Harry The Hatchet Lonsdale s weekly high-stakes three card brag game.
Harry learns.
Eddy is a card savant.
Knowing decides to fix the game.
He can not win he.
He does so.
Eddy loses not only his # 100000 buy-in  but an additional #.
Harry bullied him to play out the biggest pot of the night.
Harry demands repayment.
Knowing  he pulls Eddy s father s bar  in an attempt to get his own revenge on Eddy s father.
Eddy and the others have slim chances.
Barry the Baptist tells Eddy.
He will remove a finger for every day the debt is overdue.
Eddy returns home and overhears his neighbours  a gang of thieves led by a man named Dog  planning a heist on some marijuana growers supposedly loaded with cash and drugs.
Eddy relays this information  intending.
Them to rob the neighbours as they come back.
They install taping equipment to record the conversations.
Tom acquires a pair from an underground dealer  known as Nick the Greek   to buy the stolen drugs.
Who also strikes a deal.
Nick had purchased the guns  his only desire was the two antique shotguns.
Who had stolen them.
The guns had been sold.
The neighbours  heist gets  despite a gang member being killed by his own Bren Gun  and an incriminating encounter with a traffic warden  the job is a success.
The gang is ambushed by the four friends.
Who take the loot and return later that night to stash the goods next door.
Rory discovers.
The drugs he was going to purchase were stolen  as the marijuana growers were in his employ.
Rory interrogates Nick.
Where the four friends live.
Meanwhile  furious  Dog throws one of his men through the wall of their flat and discovers the taping equipment and eventually the stolen goods.
His men prepare an ambush.
He counts the money.
Gary and Dean  trying to recover the antique shotguns  call Nick.
Who directs them  while Big Chris  Harry s debt collector  departs with his son to the same destination.
The four friends drive home.
Rory and his gang assault the flat and have a shootout  resulting in the deaths of all but Dog and the lone chemist  the latter taking off with the marijuana.
Dog is mugged during his escape  Gary and Dean spot Big Chris with the guns and hastily follow him.
The four friends return to find their loot missing.
Big Chris gives the guns and cash.
On his return finds Dog threatening to kill his son.
He does nt retrieve the loot.
Desperate to get the guns  Gary and Dean attack Harry and Barry  realizing their mistake.
They kill each other.
The four friends arrive  find everyone dead  and take the cash back.
Big Chris suddenly crashes  then brutally bludgeons him to death with his car door.
He takes the debt money back but allows Tom to leave with the antique shotguns.
The friends are arrested  but declared innocent.
The four reunite s bar and decide.
Tom should dispose.
Big Chris arrives to admit  but instead gives them an antique guns catalogue.
He is keeping the debt money.
Reveals that the antique shotguns were each.
They quickly call Tom.
The film ends.
He has to decide.
Whether to answer the phone or drop the guns.
<EOS>
Shudra  The Rising has a storyline.
Concerns the caste system.
` Shudra  The Rising   film  to release in February - NewsReporter.
- The film depicts the four basic castes the - Kshatriyas  the Brahmins  the Vaishyas and the Shudras.
The initial part narrate the invasion to India.
They were.
They take over the local tribe and start controlling them.
Finally a learned scholar Manu Rishi creates a cast system.
Turns the local population.
They are suppressed and exploited by the upper caste people.
The film shows various rules imposed.
Novel / fiction / verifiable source the film is set in the Harappan Civilization.
<EOS>
A Novel of the Pontiac Conspiracy  the film focuses on Abby Hale   then offered clemency.
Who is condemned by a British court.
She will become an indentured servant.
There is a bidding competition.
Holden wins.
He then sets her free.
Unfortunately  Garth is a sore loser  he kidnaps Abby and takes her.
Where he is involved to the Native Americans.
Soon  Holden becomes involved and is reunited with Abby  he also has further confrontations with Garth and his henchman.
<EOS>
Diner waitress Bonnie Parker is just as tired.
She is.
Bonnie is fired.
When she goes too far  fending off Guy.
Bonnie teams up with Guy on a series of small holdups.
She also kills a cop.
Who s chasing them.
Leads. 
Guy s incarcerated cousin Chuck is paroled  so Bonnie and the Darrows travel north to Missouri and Iowa for more robberies.
Bonnie thinks it s time to stop thinking small and aim.
She also decides.
The gang should bust Duke out.
Their daring breakout succeeds.
Chuck is shot.
The trio begins making some big scores.
That her husband s.
Become America s most wanted criminals.
But  things continue to go wrong.
When a big scheme to rob an armored truck backfires  the guards locking themselves inside a vehicle that s bulletproof.
When Guy accidentally kills Duke.
Bonnie decides it s time to hide out in Louisiana.
It s only a matter.
Steel and the Rangers find them.
Bonnie and Guy go down.
<EOS>
The main focus.
Where the Boys Are.
Merritt Andrews  the smart and assertive leader  expresses the opinion.
The film opens that premarital sex might be okay.
Her speech eventually inspires the insecure Melanie Tolman to lose her virginity soon.
The young women arrive.
Lauderdale  Florida.
Tuggle Carpenter   seeks to be a baby-making machine  lacking only the man to join her in marriage.
Angie rounds.
When it comes.
The girls find their beliefs challenged.
Merritt  a freshman meets the suave Ivy Leaguer Ryder Smith  a senior and realizes.
She s not ready.
Melanie discovers.
Frank  the boy she thought loved her  was only using her.
Tuggle quickly fixes her attention at Michigan State  but becomes disillusioned Lola Fandango.
When he becomes enamored.
Who works.
Angie stumbles with the eccentric jazz musician Basil.
Merritt  Tuggle and Angie s adolescent relationship angst quickly evaporates.
When they discover Melanie.
Strongly suggests.
Not mentioned directly.
She was sexually assaulted.
She ends up.
Now sobered up joy  the friends realize the potentially serious consequences of their physical actions and resolve to act in a more responsible  mature manner.
The film ends  with Melanie recovering in the hospital.
Merritt looks  with promises to continue a long-distance relationship with Ryder who offers to drive them back to their college.
<EOS>
Newlyweds Jen and Mitch Mckenzie ask their best friend Danny to move in.
Order to afford their dream house.
The plan works beautifully.
Danny brings home Blair  a stunning and beautiful temptress.
Blair tries to seduce Mitch.
When she is.
This makes Mitch make behavioral changes.
Later  Blair electrocutes Danny.
Then  it is revealed.
Blair s earlier boyfriends had also died after meeting her.
Mitch allows Blair to stay in house falling to her temptations.
This widens the gap.
Blair is confronted by Sharon.
Who tries to blackmail her and warns her that she knows how she killed her boyfriends just.
Blair kills Sharon and hides her body in the house.
Later that night Blair  tries to seduce Mitch.
He refuses her  remembering.
Angered  Blair then tries to kill him but is interrupted by the arrival of Jen back at the house.
A fight ensues is killed by Jen.
When she is run her over.
Mitch is saved and both unite.
When the police arrive.
<EOS>
The film focuses.
Nandu is heavily indebted farmer.
Rajaram  Nandu s best friend  comes to earn bread and butter.
Rajaram  a graduated  feels disappointed.
He did not find good job.
He wants to make some money but his mother prevents him from doing this.
The story continues.
The film establishes.
Poor farmers are being wronged too.
Nana Patekar lent his voice to narrate few lines.
<EOS>
Vasanth is a son and grows up with a possessive attitude.
This is shown.
Where he breaks a gift he likes solely because it had already been bought.
He pays the owner to cover the damages.
He responds -  nobody can.
I ca nt get it.
He happens to visit Rajastan  immediately.
Where he meets Priya and falls.
Priya is injured.
Vasanth s friend rescues her.
Being unconscious  Priya does nt know the face  only the name Vasanth Kumar.
Vijay tries to enter the picture  using the confusion and making use of the soft-corner in her heart for her donor.
She recovers.
Vijay claims to be her donor.
They both develop their romance  using this.
How long will this deception go on.
<EOS>
Bill Johnson is a former baseball player.
Whose fanatical devotion has cost him several jobs.
He remains steadfast  he hates umpires.
Matters are complicated.
His father-in-law Evans is a retired umpire.
Johnson is forced by his father-in-law to matriculate in an umpire school.
Johnson initially tries to get himself expelled  but eventually comes to enjoy his new job.
He becomes an ump   earning him a nickname as Two-Call Johnson.
Where blurred vision  caused  causes him to see everything twice.
The crowd accuses him  leading to a.
When he calls a popular player out.
Which the involved player is knocked out cold.
Johnson must disguise himself  and engage in several madcap subterfuges  to get to an important game on time.
His reputation is restored.
When the player he had originally called praises him for his honesty as an umpire.
The crowd accepts.
This  although quickly reversing its opinion again  inevitably  makes another call they do not like.
The film s climax is a manic chase scene  scripted.
<EOS>
A hitchhiking drifter has his life irrevocably changed.
When he meets a seductive young woman who lures him.
<EOS>
Rajaraman  nicknamed Vasool Raja is a small time don  making a living by collecting money from people or dilly-dally in paying their debts to others  with the help of his right hand man Vaddi.
Who refuse.
His father had wished him to be a medical doctor.
Whenever his father and mother Kasturi visit him.
One year  however  Raja s plan goes awry.
When his father meets an old acquaintance  Dr Vishwanathan and the two older men decide to marry Raja.
The truth about Raja is revealed.
Vishwanathan insults Raja s parents and calls them fools.
Raja s father and mother  aghast and later heartbroken  leave.
Raja   decides.
The only way to redeem himself and to gain revenge is to become a doctor.
He decides to go to obtain an M.
B.
B.
S.
Degree  the graduate medical degree.
Raja gains admission to the SLR Institute of Medical Sciences.
Where he again encounters Dr Vishwanathan  who is the dean.
His success there becomes dependent.
He transforms those.
Raja s skills are minimal.
He shows.
Raja constantly seeks to impose a more empathetic  almost holistic  regimen.
He defies all convention by treating a brain-dead man  intimidating Dr Kalidas into admitting and treating a suicide patient interacts on familiar but autocratic terms with patients  humiliates  effusively thanks a hitherto-underappreciated cleaner  helping a terminally ill cancer patient Zakir  and encourages the patients themselves to make changes in their lives.
If the man were able to perceive and understand normally.
School bullies.
That they do not need drugs or surgery.
Dr Vishwanathan   is unable to prevent it.
Who perceives all this.
He becomes increasingly irrational  almost.
Repeatedly  this near-dementia is shown.
When he receives unwelcome tidings.
He begins laughing.
Implies that he has gone mad.
This behavior is explained.
Seems to have backfired.
Diffuse it.
Meanwhile  his daughter becomes increasingly fond.
Who becomes unreservedly infatuated with her.
Some comedy appears here.
Raja is unaware that Dr Janaki and his childhood friend Paapu are one and the same  an ignorance that Janaki hilariously exploits.
Vishwanathan tries several times to expel Raja but is often thwarted.
Which the others regard Raja  having gained superior self-esteem by his methods.
Eventually  Raja is shamed  His guilt for not being able to help Zakir gets the better of him.
The bed ridden man miraculously awakens from his vegetative state  at this point Janaki gives a heartfelt speech.
Wherein she criticizes her father.
Vishwanathan eventually realizes his folly.
Raja later marries Dr Janaki  learning.
She is Paapu.
<EOS>
The story  set  involves the conflict between the Norwegian ninjas  King Olav V s secret army tasked to maintain Norway s independence  and a clandestine stay-behind group.
Who carry out false flag operations that get blamed.
<EOS>
The film opens.
However  the narration states  the B-17 has yet to prove itself.
The time and range needed were not available in the European theatre  some people thought.
The film then switches  with a captain telling his pilots.
What to bomb and where.
The film then follows them.
They have shot down.
The B-17 was a mission accomplished.
<EOS>
Edward Styles is accused of being the notorious Haymarket Strangler  the brutal killer of five women.
James Rankin  a novelist and social reformer  launches an investigation to prove.
Years after he is tried and executed.
Styles is innocent.
His search leads him first to the sleazy Judas Hole music hall  - in order to exhume his body.
Where the Strangler picked his victims where Styles was buried.
Rankin s theory seems to be vindicated.
When the killings start again.
However his growing obsession signals a most unwelcome revelation as to the true identity of the murderer.
<EOS>
The story takes place and is told through the eyes of Valentin  an eight-year-old small cross-eyed boy.
Whose thick black-rimmed glasses sit heavily.
He lives due to the divorce of his parents.
He dreams and intently follows the on-going space race between the U.
S.
A.
And the Soviet Union.
He no longer sees his Jewish mother.
Who was chased out by his imperious  dictator-like father.
He misses her badly but hardly remembers her.
His anti-Semitic father only occasionally visits  preferring to live the life of an Argentine playboy.
Valentin is friends and the piano teacher Rufo.
Who lives.
Both talk to Valentin.
If he were an adult.
It seems.
Valentin is wise.
His uncle takes him and.
Where a priest talks an Argentinian doctor who was killed recently.
He talks a man  and.
Who believed.
Who believed that injustice could be overcome.
Please  do nt leave here  the way had.
You ve asked yourselves.
Che gave all he.
Everything stayed the same.
Leticia  his father s latest romantic interest  pays a visit.
Both she and Valentin spend the day together going  seeing a movie and sharing a meal.
Valentin tells her personal things.
Leticia rethinks her relationship with his father and breaks up with him.
His father is quite upset and blames Valentin.
One day Valentin realizes.
His grandmother is ill but refuses to see a doctor.
Valentin makes plans.
To get her to see Dr Galaburri.
The plan seems to work.
He cooks up.
She makes certain lifestyle changes.
To thank the doctor  Valentin is thoughtful and buys a painting to display in his office.
However  one day his grandmother passes away.
When she goes.
Valentin comes to stay from school.
One day a thoughful man visits Valentin and gives him a shirt.
His mother sent.
They have a conversation.
Valentin begins to understand.
His mother has stayed away.
The film ends.
He sets up a blind date and his piano teacher Rufo.
They all have a meal together.
Valentin tells us.
He decided to become a writer and that Leticia and Rufo lived happily ever.
<EOS>
The main protagonist is Chander  a tourist photographer.
Who lives.
Nirmala -LSB- played and is seduced by her beauty.
He meets a stage dancer named.
He takes photographs and later befriends her  serenading her with sweet nothings about taking her across the moon and stars and promises to take her to the city of dreams  Mumbai.
She agrees to be  despite objections from her guardians  her uncle -LRB- played by and aunt.
Who had other plans.
Her career as a star begins under a new name  Garima.
Chander sells his camera  as well as his studio to raise money for the realization of their dreams.
A film director named.
Arman Khan discovers Garima and gives her the lead role.
Garima attains fame and wealth.
She eventually starts.
Her assistant Kapoor dislikes Chander and plots to get rid.
He succeeds.
Chander s friend advises him to return.
Chander learns.
His father has died and that his mother is staying.
Johnny advises Chander to start fresh and returns his camera.
Chander returns.
Eventually  he runs and pleads with her to take him back.
She eventually agrees.
They get back together.
<EOS>
Poole celebrate their fifth wedding anniversary by turning in an application to the Rock-a-Bye adoption agency.
Encouraged  Dick and Alice Pepper   is determined.
Who have three children and another due  Isolde  who has been unsuccessful.
She and Augie will eventually be parents.
Isolde decides.
Awaiting news to the agency.
She and Augie should continue to try to have a baby.
She enthusiastically follows all the latest advice.
Augie worries.
Exhausted. 
They are living as he struggles to make a success as a serious cartoonist.
Dick  editor  assures Augie.
His publication would gladly hire Augie to write gags.
Isolde insists.
Augie hold out.
Dick criticizes Augie  compared to his own lighthearted manner.
Includes perpetual infidelity.
One afternoon some weeks  Estelle Novick  a striking young representative from Rock-a-Bye  visits the Pooles  neighborhood.
Having learned from other neighbors  Alice takes Isolde home to dress her properly for the interview.
Augie is unaware and  believing she works for a local charity  drinks two cocktails and behaves casually.
When Estelle comes.
However  she is outraged and reveals her identity.
When Dick comes over and makes a pass.
Reminding the men  Estelle waves aside their abject apologies and insists.
Dick is the Pooles  reference.
She must report her findings.
Isolde is hurt and angry and goes home with Alice.
When Estelle departs as soon.
Dick tries to comfort Augie.
Augie might relax if he had an affair.
Dick offers.
When Augie scoffs.
Him tranquilizers and leaves.
Moments later  Estelle returns  apologizes for her severe behavior and accepts.
The cocktail Augie offered her earlier.
Augie is emboldened to ask Estelle to dinner.
However  Augie panics and takes one.
Driving. 
Later   Estelle drives him and checks him into a room to let him sleep off the pill s effect.
When Augie becomes drowsy.
The next morning  Augie is mortified to find himself and  finding a note from Estelle thanking him for his kindness  believes.
He has been unfaithful.
Three months later  Isolde is disheartened to have heard nothing or any of the other adoption agencies.
Augie visits Dick and confesses the incident  from.
Whom he has just received a call informing him that she is pregnant and leaving the area.
Fearful  Augie pleads to hire him at the magazine  then give him a thousand dollar advance.
She will demand money.
Later that day  Estelle drops by to visit the Pooles to advise them.
She believes.
Isolde is delighted.
Augie weakly announces his new job.
Alone later  Augie presses the money on her  then demands an explanation.
Estelle promises to repay the loan  then explains.
She owes the Pooles to her.
A few months later  Dick and Alice throw Augie and Isolde a party.
Isolde confides.
Dancing. 
She has found a mysterious thousand dollar imbalance.
Realizing  Dick invents a story.
This must be the money Augie has given Estelle.
Surprised but pleased  Isolde asks.
That night  Isolde tells Augie and  panicked  Augie hastily admits.
He borrowed money and paid it back in full once he was employed.
Certain  the next day Isolde tells Alice.
Augie is covering.
Who promises to repay the money.
Some weeks later  Miss MacCracken telephones to schedule a visit.
Unnerved  Augie wonders.
He should confess everything.
Miss MacCracken arrives and informs Isolde and Augie.
A baby has just been born.
They have been moved.
Thrilled  Augie and Isolde welcome the infant baby boy later.
Soon everyone notices the baby s similarity.
Weeks afterward   Isolde becomes suspicious.
The physical similarity grows.
Alice mistakes it  Isolde furiously accuses Augie of infidelity and declares.
She is leaving him.
Miss MacCracken returns to make an inspection with the baby.
Isolde is packing.
Realizing  she declares.
The couple is breaking up.
She must make a report.
Augie pleads agrees.
Desperate to stop Isolde  Augie then confesses the incident with Estelle.
Just then  however  Estelle arrives to congratulate the Pooles and repay Augie the loan.
She explains.
The money made it possible.
She and the baby will join him in Australia.
Well the agency did placing the Pooles.
Isolde apologizes to Augie  then admits to feeling unusual.
The Pooles then realize and retire.
Isolde is pregnant.
<EOS>
Michigan Governor James Reynolds Pryce is a popular liberal politician.
Who  while running  finds out to what a great degree his life and career are influenced by the women in his life.
Pryce owes the success of his campaign to his manager Lauren Hartman and his wife Jennifer.
Pryce has not yet chosen a vice-presidential running mate and has a hard time making the decision.
Senator Parker Gable was something to Pryce in his early political career.
Gable is a womanizer.
Makes Pryce uncomfortable.
Nevertheless  Gable s Washington socialite wife Meg considers Gable to be the best choice and tries to exert pressure to make this happen.
Pryce s other choices are Senator Mitchell Morris  a lobbyist  and Senator Terrence Randall.
Whom Pryce dislikes due to Big Business.
Who is disliked fundraising manager Shawna Morgan.
Being previously sexually involved before marrying Jennifer is a fact.
Makes listening all that much harder for Pryce.
All four women are seemingly more intent.
<EOS>
The film begins.
Who tells him that she s returning to be with Finbar OShaughnessy  her sweetheart of long ago.
She tells Barry her way.
While she gave Barry s father 35  she s going to start living life.
She really loves.
It is later revealed and abused his family prior to his death.
This could be interpreted.
He was an alcoholic.
Fast forward five years.
Barry s brother Jack has purchased their parents  home and lives with his wife Molly.
Who is pressing Jack to start a family.
The truth is.
Jack is torn.
Jack begins an affair.
Meanwhile  Barry and the youngest brother  Pat ask to temporarily move in.
Which he reluctantly agrees.
Pat and Barry   are torn between prolonged adolescence and commitment to marriage.
Pat plans to break his engagement  but becomes depressed.
When she breaks up  citing his indecisiveness about their relationship and the problems that could come between two faiths  as Susan is Jewish.
Pat is a devout Catholic.
Barry shows no interest.
He meets Audrey  a woman whom he accuses.
They warm up and start a relationship.
Things do not go well at first.
Molly learns after finding a wrapped condom in his pants.
She is cleaning up.
She confronts Jack.
He refuses to discuss it.
His brothers also try to intervene  but.
Susan decides to take Pat back.
But almost immediately  Pat decides to end the relationship.
She does so.
The reason is Leslie  a girl-next-door type  a sharp contrast  Leslie offers Pat nothing more than simple friendship.
Who likes to work.
The friendship develops.
When they decide to head out that Leslie has her eye on.
Jack  knowing  finally breaks it off  despite his repeated attempts to do so in the past.
He has to make a choice.
Hurt  Ann tells him to never call her again.
She s heard many times.
He then returns home determined to rebuild his wounded marriage  but not.
He will be a better husband than his father was.
Barry decides to move in and take their relationship to the next level.
The movie ends.
<EOS>
Set  SS Doomtrooper opens with an SS officer  Lieutenant Reinhardt  arriving at the Citadel  a castle in the French countryside being used as a German laboratory.
He meets Dr Ullman.
Whom he relieves.
He finds a cage.
The dogs are horribly mutated  they have extremely exaggerated muscle mass and light glowing.
Ullman reveals.
This is his latest experiment and requests one for a demonstration.
One is strapped into a capsule in Ullman s lab and injected with some sort of chemical  then exposed to a great amount of an unknown type of radiation.
Moments later  he falls out  begins a horrifying transformation  his skin turns blue  his arms gain massive amounts of muscle and grow claws.
Soon  the rest changes in a similar fashion.
A veteran of the war  Captain Malloy  is commissioned for a mission to locate and destroy the Citadel.
He forms a team.
Who are offered their freedom with the help of his friend  Sergeant Digger.
They prematurely parachute from a German air attack.
Two soldiers are separated and continue on to the meeting point.
Reinhardt   gives Dr Ullman permission to use the creature to fight Malloy s team  it is sent to a nearby French village.
Johnson and Papadakis encounter the Doomtrooper.
They attempt to kill it.
The Doomtrooper just shrugs off their bullets.
Johnson runs and is shot by the machine gun attached to the creature s arm.
Papadakis prepares to fight the Doomtrooper but the rest arrives in time to fire at the Doomtrooper.
They repel it long enough to get up the ladder and escape.
The group throw grenades and assume.
It is dead.
Papadakis rejoins them afterward.
He is pleased to recover the Doomtrooper.
When Reinhardt is informed that the Doomtrooper has engaged the Allied soldiers.
Ullman simply remarks  this prediction comes true.
The soldiers will be killed.
When the Doomtrooper opens fire and slaughters them.
It also demonstrates a previously unknown ability.
The Allied soldiers try to find a place to hide.
They attempt to secure an empty building.
They stumble.
The soldiers and French Resistance decide to team up to kill the monster and the Germans.
The Allied team s wiring expert  Private Parker Lewis  strikes an immediate adversarial relationship.
The allied unit teams up  and plan to take munitions from an ammunition dump  and use it to destroy the Citadel.
The Doomtrooper ambushes the hideout and kills most of the French Resistance in a brutal firefight.
One US soldier  Potter  is able to briefly disable the Doomtrooper.
He walks up and punches it in the face.
Seeing the Doomtrooper recover.
This surprisingly harms the Doomtrooper.
It quickly recovers  picks up Potter  and shoots him three times  cutting his body.
Private Lewis twists his ankle  but the Doomtrooper s gun runs out.
He flees the building and is nearly killed.
He escapes.
The Doomtrooper discards the gun but fails to notice the soldiers hiding  and walks off.
Back  Reinhardt angrily terminates Ullman s position and orders.
Him to return after ending the Doomtrooper project.
Enraged  Ullman shoots Reinhardt and his assistant  then takes command his assistant to gather more men.
He can grow new Doomtroopers.
The team spots a German panzer.
Was ordered to destroy the Doomtrooper.
The team s sniper Papadakis kills the tank commander.
They steal the tank.
The Doomtrooper appears and engages them  having been attracted.
As they commandeer the tank.
They fire a round into the Doomtrooper s chest at point blank range.
It is only stunned.
Jones  the team s disguise specialist  dresses up.
They proceed.
Jones distracts the Germans.
The rest takes control of a guard post with a turret.
They open.
When Jones can not buy anymore time.
Fire and all the Germans are killed.
The Allied team decides to detonate the munitions.
Captain Malloy and Mariette lure the Doomtrooper by using a flamethrower.
Captain Malloy and Mariette escape using an elevator and close the bunker door to trap the Doomtrooper inside.
The rest hide outside.
Forgetting to lock the door  Jean-Claude - - attempts to bar it to prevent the Doomtrooper.
Who has just befriended Private Lewis.
The Doomtrooper electrocutes him.
Nevertheless  the team rendezvous  and detonate the entire ammunition dump.
The team then makes their way.
The Germans already know to stop the Allied team.
They encounter an enemy sniper.
The team orders Jones to distract the sniper so that Papadakis can take him out.
Papadakis is about  but is shot in his eye through his scope.
Enraged  Jones runs  and ends up getting shot.
He was too afraid to distract the German sniper.
It buys Captain Malloy time to finally kill the German sniper.
They decide.
They must leave Jones behind because he will slow them down.
Jones discovers.
They leave.
His royal family medallion has blocked the bullet and saved his life.
Meanwhile  the team steals a German Kubelwagen and get into the German castle by disguising themselves.
Their cover is almost blown.
The German soldiers are distracted.
When Jones returns at the Germans with a rocket launcher and leads the bulk of the German guards deep into the forest  where he is eventually killed.
Taking advantage  the Allied team kills most the remaining garrison  but the rest of the German unit returns.
Digger blows himself up with explosives to destroy most of the remaining Germans.
The team goes and are captured by Professor Ullman s assistant.
Who takes them.
The remaining Allied team  break free.
The doctor is explaining his plans.
Malloy and Mariette grab the guns and attempt to hold Ullman and his assistant hostage  in the process killing the German soldier in the capsule about to be transformed into a Doomtrooper.
They examine the lab.
Lewis realizes.
He can short circuit the lab s power.
However  Ullman strikes Mariette down and wounds Lewis before being fatally wounded by Malloy.
Ullman s assistant tries to escape but finds herself facing the original Doomtrooper.
Who survived the ammo dump explosion and killed all the guards.
Ullman orders.
It to kill everyone.
It begins.
A knife suddenly cuts right.
Order to buy Lewis time to hotwire the system  Malloy engages the Doomtrooper  cutting its hand off with a knife  despite the fact that the Doomtrooper had previously absorbed gun shots and missile explosions without being damaged.
Meanwhile  Lewis short circuits the power but is electrocuted and killed.
Malloy picks up two cables flowing with electricity and jams them under the creature s helmet  killing it by overexposing it to the radiation.
It was created.
Malloy escapes.
Surviving German soldiers almost kill them  however  the Germans are killed.
Escaping. 
Who survived the explosion.
Together  they exit the crumbling castle  and stumble  and realize.
He was the one who distracted the Germans.
Back  Captain Malloy tells General Carmichael.
What happened.
Malloy says.
When the general asks if they saw any experiment records or data.
It only killed his friends and should never be recreated again.
Outside  Malloy says.
The General would nt mind if they borrow his car.
He rigs the car.
Malloy  Digger and Mariette drive away happily laughing.
<EOS>
Jade is a webcam girl.
Who broadcasts herself.
She seeks a tattoo.
Leads her.
Jade becomes entranced.
She wants the same design.
Takeko refuses  telling her.
The flowers are cursed.
Takeko s father   had the same tattoo.
Who was killed.
Her younger brother witnessed the incident and was traumatised  left with no memory except for the image of the flowers.
Takeko decided to get the same tattoo.
It would help her brother s recovery.
Nevertheless  Takeko finds herself drawn  and begins designing a new tattoo for her.
Meanwhile  a young police officer is trying to ambush Jade and the rest.
However  he takes.
He is supposed to be working on.
Eventually he falls.
It s too late and before she s caught.
He blurts out.
He loves her.
Jade  mistaking him  goes to her.
They make love.
This causes Takeko to become distracted and forget to pick up her brother.
Desperate and frightened  he goes out  but is involved in a car accident.
He recovers his memory.
Takeko finds her brother.
Where he has slipped.
Devastated and guilt-stricken  she sends a farewell message to Jade saying.
She will not be able to finish Jade s tattoo.
Later  Jade decides to go  and wait for Takeko.
The policeman finally confesses his true identity to Jade and tells her.
She must get offline immediately.
She cries  realizing.
It was not Takeko whom she thought had confessed.
Eventually  Takeko s brother awakes with his memory intact.
A joyful Takeko sends Jade another message apologizing  and saying.
She will wait in the tattoo shop.
The last image is a footage of Jade  coming to meet Takeko.
<EOS>
The Empire had been at war with China since 1937 before declaring war on the United States and the United Kingdom.
Jamie Graham  a British upper middle class schoolboy living in Shanghai  is separated from his parents.
He spends some time living and eating remnants of food  eventually  he ventures out into the city and finds it bustling with Japanese troops.
Jamie is captured along.
Who nicknames him Jim.
They are taken  but are eventually moved to Suzhou Creek Internment Camp.
A few months before the end of the Pacific War  Jim has established a good living  despite the poor conditions of the camp.
He has an extensive trading network.
Dr Rawlins  the camp s British doctor  becomes a father figure.
Jim befriends a Japanese teenager.
Who shares Jim s dream.
Still idolizing Basie  Jim frequently visits him.
Basie charges him to set snare traps outside the wire of the camp.
The real reason was actually to test the area for mines  not to catch game.
Jim succeeds  thanks from the other side.
Basie allows him to move into the American barracks with him.
Basie then plots to escape.
Nagata visits Basie s barracks.
Nagata beats him.
His possessions are stolen.
Basie is.
One morning  Jim witnesses a kamikaze ritual of three Japanese pilots at the air base.
Overcome at the solemnity of the ceremony  he begins to sing the Welsh song Suo Gan.
Later  the camp comes by a group of American P-51 Mustang fighter aircraft.
The Japanese decide to evacuate the camp.
Basie escapes  leaving Jim behind.
He had promised to let Jim come.
The camp s population marches  of fatigue  starvation  and disease.
Where many die.
Jim witnesses a flash from the atomic bombing of Nagasaki hundreds of miles away  and later hears news of Japan s surrender and the end of the war.
Jim sneaks away and goes back to Soochow Creek  nearly dead from starvation.
He encounters the Japanese teenager.
He knew earlier  who has since become a pilot and appears distraught.
The youth remembers Jim and offers him a mango  cutting it with his katana.
Basie reappears.
Jim is about to eat it.
Who have arrived to loot the Red Cross containers that were dropped.
One  thinking  shoots and kills the Japanese youth.
Jim is.
Jim  furious  beats the American.
Who shot his friend.
Basie drags him off and promises to take him back to find his parents.
Jim refuses the offer and stays behind.
He is found and put in an orphanage in Shanghai with other children.
Who had lost their parents.
Jim is so scarred.
When his parents come looking.
He does not recognize them.
<EOS>
Homer Wells  an orphan  is the film s protagonist.
He grew up.
His first foster parents thought.
He was too quiet.
The second parents beat him.
Dr Larch is addicted and is also secretly an abortionist.
Larch trains Homer as an apprentice  despite Homer never even having attended high school.
The film continues.
Homer decides to leave the orphanage.
They had come to have an abortion.
Wally leaves to fight.
Homer and Candy have an affair.
Wally is away.
Later  Wally s plane is shot down.
He is paralyzed.
Candy takes care and leaves Homer.
When he returns home.
Homer lives.
He is away.
He goes to work picking apples.
Arthur and his team are migrant workers.
Who are employed seasonally by the Worthingtons.
Mr Rose rapes and impregnates his own daughter.
Homer   realizes.
Who disapproves.
He must perform one for her.
Later   she stabs him.
When Arthur makes another attempt.
The dying Arthur asks the other workers to tell the police.
His death was a suicide.
Eventually Homer decides to return from inhaling an ether overdose  and works as the new director.
Homer learns.
Larch had faked Homer s medical record to keep him out  and later made fake credentials for Homer in order to convince the board overseeing the orphanage to appoint him as the next director.
Finally  Homer fills the paternal role.
Larch previously held.
<EOS>
During the political turmoil in Argentina  two sisters flee their country right after Natalia s politically active boyfriend Martin disappeares  one goes to Spain  and the other to Texas  United States.
Natalia travels to Texas to visit her sister Elena.
Who s now a suburban wife and mother.
She brings.
The unpublished novel reveals the story during the Argentine dictatorship.
Using extensive flashbacks in Argentina during the junta dictatorship  the director reveals family guilt and suppressed resentment.
<EOS>
Elizabeth  Jeremy  and Harry Martin are three children.
Who have had.
Soon  they meet.
A mysterious gardener named Mrs Cavour  who tells the siblings disappear.
Their mother has disappeared along with their memories of her.
Mrs Cavour tells.
The children called the Mommy Market  where they have about every kind of mother one can think of.
The Mommy Market has a policy  however.
One receives three tokens to take one.
They could not return.
The children do not find a suitable mother.
Unfortunately they pick  a snappy French woman  a nature-hiker  and a circus performer  do not sit well with the kids  now feeling lost without a guardian to look after them.
They want their own mother and try to remember something to break the spell.
<EOS>
Murphy Barfi Johnson is an optimistic  charming young man.
Who was born.
He lost his mother.
His father raised him alone  working.
Barfi meets Shruti Ghosh.
Who has just arrived and is engaged to be married in three month s time  and is immediately smitten.
She falls.
Barfi but Shruti is dissuaded.
Shruti takes her mother s advice  gets married  and moves  breaking all contact with Barfi.
Meanwhile  Barfi s father falls ill.
Barfi must somehow raise the money.
He attempts to kidnap his childhood friend  Jhilmil Chatterjee to hold her for ransom.
Jhilmil is the autistic granddaughter.
Who left all his money after his death.
Barfi finds.
She has already been kidnapped.
Sneaking.
He spots her.
He collects the ransom but finds.
His father has died just as he makes the payment.
Dejected  he tries to drop off Jhilmil but she refuses to leave him.
They soon move  with Barfi assuming responsibility of Jhilmil and taking care of her  a strong bond grows between the two in this time.
Barfi happens to meet Shruti again.
She is unhappy.
They rekindle their friendship  much.
Who then goes missing.
Shruti files a missing person s report  the Darjeeling police learn about the report and resume their pursuit of Barfi  arresting him.
Another ransom demand is made.
He is being interrogated.
She is apparently killed.
Her body is never found.
The police attempt to frame Barfi.
Order to wrap up the case.
The investigating officer takes pity and asks Shruti to take him away  offering him a second chance at life.
Who grows a soft spot after chasing him all these years for his nuisances.
Which she agrees  hoping that now that Jhilmil is gone  she can finally be.
Barfi  however  is deeply affected and finds living with Shruti unfulfilling.
Barfi deduces the location.
Where Jhilmil had spent her childhood.
It is revealed  the second time  they faked her death.
Jhilmil is alive  both kidnappings having been fabricated.
That she could return.
Barfi has a sweet reunion.
The two get married.
Shruti spends the rest alone  regretting having lost her opportunity to be with Barfi.
Barfi is deeply ill and close.
Jhilmil arrives and lays.
Shruti narrates that the two peacefully passed away together  not wanting to leave each other behind.
The film closes showing the last days as credits roll.
<EOS>
Singing-and-dancing stage star Julie is told.
Husband Marty is reported missing during Korea.
She makes plans to marry Vernon.
Who is Marty s best friend.
Marty turns up at one of Julie s shows.
Marty demands his rights as her first husband.
Julie soon finds.
She is legally married.
She soon realises.
She must choose who she wants to be  if only to avoid being branded a bigamist.
But Julie loves the idea and so she decides to try to live with them both  to the annoyance and disapproval of Marty and Vernon.
Who both know that her idea will not work out.
Meanwhile  Julie s close friend Gwen has a secret crush and hopes to get with him.
Only Julie could make her as to who she wants.
Julie decides.
She is more.
She ditches Vernon.
Who has now fallen.
<EOS>
The plot revolves.
She loves dinosaurs and longs to be able to accompany him  but her father thinks.
She has to settle.
A mysterious accident revolving.
An oblong fossil rock happens while Ally s father is away.
Ally is magically transported back.
She visits are the Cretaceous.
When the Tyrannosaurus and Pteranodon existed.
Ally is also transported.
Where she meets renowned historical figures.
These include dinosaur painter Charles R.
Knight and paleontologist Barnum Brown  arguably one.
The shining moment  is.
When Ally discovers a T.
Rex nest and then defends the nest  earning the mother T.
Rex s respect.
Where Ally actually strokes the T.
Rex is shown hitting the earth  blasting Ally back into the present day.
There  she is reunited.
The fossil rock begins to shake and  with only the museum cat watching  the rock breaks apart  revealing a still living  baby Tyrannosaurus.
Ally and her dad leave the museum.
<EOS>
Lou falls.
Who does nt know.
They move.
Order to bring their careers forward.
Where they get.
Soon they start a princess/daddy role-play  Lou plays.
Sass takes.
<EOS>
Lady Divine is the owner and operator.
The show is free.
The various performers must persuade and even physically drag reluctant passers-by to attend.
Lady Divine comes in and robs the patrons at gunpoint.
This arrangement seems successful.
Lady Divine becomes bored  and decides to murder the patrons rather than merely robbing them.
She comes home to her prostitute daughter  Cookie  and her new boyfriend  Steve  a member of the Weather Underground.
Lady Divine receives a call  proprietor of the local bar.
Who informs Lady Divine that Mr David had been with another woman.
Divine heads there to catch them  but is raped by two.
The Infant appears and leads her to a church.
Contemplating these events.
Making her way uncertainly  Lady Divine prays  but is then approached and seduced by a strange young woman.
They have a sexual encounter.
Describing the Stations.
Now lesbian lovers  Lady Divine and Mink go with the intent to kill Mr David and his mistress.
They are too late  David and Bonnie  his lover  have left.
Mr David returns to kill Divine  but finds only Cookie and fellow performer Rick there.
An argument ensues and Bonnie accidentally kills Cookie.
They tie up Rick and hide Cookie s corpse.
Before Divine and Mink return.
Divine attacks and kills her.
When Bonnie tries to shoot Lady Divine.
She then turns and eviscerates him as well  devouring his internal organs and becoming more frenzied.
Rick appears and surprises Mink.
Who shoots him.
Divine accuses Mink of betraying her and stabs Mink.
Divine becomes even more crazed.
Exhausted from the ordeal  a giant lobster enters and rapes Lady Divine.
She destroys a car  then runs around Baltimore  insane  bloody  and wearing a mink coat  trying to kill anyone.
She can get.
The film ends.
Who surround Lady Divine and shoot her down.
<EOS>
Oh Su-bi engages.
Her husband is.
Her husband is released.
She is preparing to leave with one of her lovers.
She returns.
<EOS>
The film addresses the decadence during the Gamal Abdel Nasser era.
It tells the story.
Who can not tolerate the hypocrisy and the illiteracy of the Egyptian public and decides to hide from all the problems in the country by taking up smoking hashish in a shisha  a popular smoking habit in Egypt  to escape from reality.
Anis meets by chance.
Ragab invites him.
And Anis discovers soon enough.
He is nt the only person who smokes shisha.
A bunch are all on the boat.
He soon discovers.
Everyone is smoking to forget the reality and hypocrisy.
<EOS>
Charles Lodge  a freewheeling film director  interrupts the well-ordered life.
Who lives.
When he convinces her younger sister Irene that she should become an actress.
However  Margit is determined.
Irene will marry her fiance.
Fed up decides.
She is infatuated.
Charles pretends to return her feelings.
He can stay close.
He agrees to give up Irene.
Margit will let him paint her portrait.
However  Irene comes unexpectedly  believing.
He lied  angrily destroys the painting and has him arrested.
Charles arranges.
Circumstances push him.
Charles and Margit finally admit.
Waldo arrives to punch Charles out and take back his fiancee.
<EOS>
An offscreen English gentleman converses  badgering him into doing some housework.
Typically  the Pink Panther encounters several mishaps.
He manages to soak himself.
Trying to fix a leaky faucet  leading.
The panther also sets.
A power saw  slicing off his tail and ultimately cutting his house in half.
Plus  the basement lightblub continually goes dark every time.
The panther enters  leading him to stumble down the steps each and every time.
The English gentleman persists  irritating the feline.
Finally  the Pink Panther loads a blunderbuss  giving the Englishman the impression.
He shoots the faulty basement lightbulb  but backfire causes the panther to get trapped.
He took the blunderbuss.
<EOS>
The film is a retelling until his battle with Ravan at Sri Lanka.
<EOS>
Second-rate actor Jack Albany finds himself mistaken and whisked off to master gangster Leo Smooth s fortified mansion.
He is forced to continue.
What. 
When he finds he is to play a deadly role.
But at least there is lovely art teacher Sally.
Who could become an ally.
She ever believes his story.
Further complications ensue.
When the real Ace Williams shows up  making it even more difficult to keep up his false identity.
Eventually  Albany outwits the gangsters and foils the robbery.
<EOS>
Is hit.
Who repeatedly countermands her orders.
Brennan and FBI agent Scott Wallace track doen the sabateur  Michael Ives  a former pilot seeking revenge  but are themselves caught in a trap.
Mark is himself killed.
He set at 33000 feet.
<EOS>
A crowd is rallying at an anti-American speech.
The crowd excitedly waves rifles and banners.
The movie then cuts  showing a regular day at the old Kokomo High School.
Several students are stuck after school.
Four terrorists cross the US-Canadian border.
They attempt to attack the Blackriver Nuclear Power Plant.
The remaining three escape  pursued.
This fails.
Chief Rawlings  the Kokomo Police Department police chief  played  is radioed.
He and the other officers join the chase.
Two terrorists manage to survive and escape.
Where they hold the detention s students and teacher hostage.
The Kokomo SWAT team surrounds the school.
Chief Rawlings attempts to negotiate the release.
Meanwhile  the terrorists kill several hostages.
Attempt to resist them.
Chief Rawlings agrees.
They can get.
The two terrorists drag a girl out.
They board the school bus.
A boy running along the roof manages to jump on top of the school bus and tries to get in the bus.
The terrorists lead the police.
Eventually  the bus tips over.
The lone surviving terrorist attempts kill himself and the girl.
The boy knocks him out.
He and the girl manage to escape before the grenade explodes.
The majority was shot in Kokomo  Indiana  save for the opening scene  and some parts in Michigan City  Indiana.
Amazon.
Com listing Squad.
Although most were professional actors  many residents of Kokomo were hired to work as extras or assistants on the set.
Kokomo residents will notice   scenes were stitched together after filming.
The paths do not make sense.
The Kokomo-Howard County Public Library keeps two copies specifically.
Kokomo-Howard County Public Library on-line catalog.
<EOS>
The Goseigers and Gosei Knight are overwhelmed by the Zangyack s first invasion force.
They are saved.
A.
K.
Q.
S Big One and are told.
All the Sentai teams are gathering.
Super Sentai and the teams proceed to battle the numerous Gormin and Zugormin.
The battle reaches its end.
When Akarenger tells everyone to join their powers together so their combined powers can wipe out the armada.
Having survived  the Gosei Angels learn.
They and other Super Sentai have lost their powers  which have dispersed all.
Alata believes.
They can still protect the planet as the teams go their separate ways.
However  a new Zangyack invasion appears a year later.
Luckily  having witnessed the battle  Aka Red managed to gather the Ranger Keys  the Super Sentai s sealed power  leading to the formation of the Gokaigers.
Who use the Ranger Keys.
The Gokaigers use the Go-onger  Dynaman  and Fiveman Keys to take out waves of the grunts.
Agri and Moune steal the Goseiger Ranger Keys.
They can use the Goseiger Keys.
Their team can regain their powers.
The Goseigers ask to restore the Groundion Headder to his usual form.
Barizorg and Insarn forced to withdraw.
The Gokaigers demand the Goseiger Keys back.
Having no idea that they have it.
Gosei Red sees no choice.
To fight.
The battle ends in a stalemate with the pirates withdrawing.
Meanwhile  aboard the Gigant Horse  Warz Gill and his crew are notified.
The entity  revealed to be the Black Cross King  the resurrected Black Cross Furher  manifests and proposes an alliance.
He can have his revenge.
He accepts Black Cross King s offer.
Warz is initially unwilling.
When he promises to leave the Earth as all he wants is to kill the Gokaigers.
Back   Doc finds the Gosei Knight Key in the Gokai Treanger Box with Captain Marvelous deciding to use it as bait.
He and his shipmates have familiarize themselves.
However  the Gokai Galleon falls.
Gokaioh forms to fight back.
Gosei Red sneaks into the Gokai Galleon s living quarters to get the Gosei Knight Key.
But found out  Gosei Red is forced to steal the entire Gokai Treanger Box.
The two red warriors take their fight outside.
Gosei Red manages to get the Gosei Knight Key.
The Gigant Horse enters Earth s atmosphere and opens fire with the Black Cross King taking the Gokai Treanger Box before resurrecting Brajira of the Messiah  Hades God Dagon and Yogoshimacritein.
The three villains teleport the two groups away.
Afterwards  Navi investigates the scene and finds the Gosei Knight key.
Alata dropped.
Daigoro Oume makes his way before meeting Ryo of the Heavenly Fire Star.
This all happened.
He saves a salaryman.
P.
D.
Officer Koume Umeko Kodou.
The three soon learn.
His inability to sell off a toy replica made.
Him consider suicide.
The heroes  however  encourage him not to lose hope.
Ryo offers him a serving.
The three Sentai warriors  along  witness the Black Cross King appearing in the sky.
He announces that he has their powers and will soon acquire the powers before enacting his revenge.
Finding themselves  Marvelous and Alata find themselves needing to defeat Brajira while dealing with his Bibi Soldiers.
Order to return.
Doc  Ahim  Eri and Hyde have their trouble.
His Zobils contend with Yogoshimacritein and his Ugatz in a Feudal Japan movie set within a thirty minute timeline.
The Gokaigers and Goseigers find common ground with each other and manage to defeat the three resurrected villains and return to their space.
Where are welcomed back.
Deciding to accept a team up  Captain Marvelous and his crew face the Black Cross King.
He has them fight the animated Ranger Keys.
The Gokaigers and Super Goseigers manage to revert their numerous opponents back into Ranger Keys.
Upset  the Black Cross King assumes his full size to finish the two Sentai teams off himself.
However  the Ranger Keys suddenly glow and enveloped the Super Sentai groups.
The two teams find themselves surrounded.
They are spoken to by Tsuyoshi Kaijo  Sokichi Banba  Kanpei Kuroda  Rei Tachibana  Shiro Go and Riki Honoo.
Who see the two teams holding the morals and values they themselves strive.
His crew have their teams  Great Powers  Captain Marvelous demands all their aid.
Answering his call  the Ranger Keys create the Super Sentai Bazooka.
The Gokaigers and the Goseigers use to destroy the Black Cross King before the Ranger Keys fly back.
The Black Cross King  however  reveals his true form.
Gokaioh  Gosei Great and Gosei Ground attempt to stop him.
They are overwhelmed with Gosei Knight taken out of the fight.
Nozomu Amachi and the salaryman  remembering the sentai heroes  words  urge the citizens not to lose hope and cheer.
This support restores.
And Gosei Great as they are joined.
They are all destroyed.
The Black Cross Colossus attempts to counter.
The Gokaigers have Gokaioh combine with Variblune to form Goren Gokaioh before finishing off the Black Cross Colossus with the Gokai Hurricane Cassiopeia.
The 33 past Super Sentai mecha vanish as the crowd thanks the Gokaigers and Goseigers for saving the day.
Later  the Gosei Angels give the Goseiger Keys back.
Hoping the pirates would begin to love their planet.
Its departure is watched.
The Gokai Galleon sails off.
<EOS>
Mickey and Idriss are two skaters.
Who witness   the killing of three people.
The killers notice them and pursue them through the streets of Paris.
The two young men understand.
Their pursuers are actually corrupt inspectors.
<EOS>
The story exploits both the darker and brighter sides.
The story is set.
Where people make their living.
<EOS>
A man hides in a nagamochi to scare his wife.
He is locked and can hardly breathe.
He manages to make a noise.
When his wife comes home.
She saves him.
We now then enter a live action world.
Where Poe-inspired mystery writer Edogawa Rampo has written a book.
The book is banned.
Who claim the work to be too disturbing.
He is asked to burn his manuscript.
However   his publisher shows him a newspaper story with an account of events just like his forbidden story.
Who is labeled.
Shizuko offers him her own music box.
He has showed interest.
He later stalks her.
She asks him to go away.
She later asks him to meet her.
She s sorry and has read his book and was impressed.
He again excuses.
She is then picked up.
He avidly follows her.
Here his younger literary alter.
Ego Kogoro Akechi picks up the story.
Akechi finds out.
Shizuko has an affair.
He decides to pay this duke a secret visit.
He lands.
The duke directs.
The duke sucks out his arm wound and then invites him home to treat the wound.
They have dinner together.
Here he sees Shizuko serving him an aphrodisiac.
Akeshi observes the duke.
He s horse-riding  cross-dressing and smearing his facial make up all and projecting a stag film on her body.
He frightens the guests with a recital of a text of Poe - accompanied with images of war  the film gets stuck at the end of the text  burning the film depicting a the face of a corpse.
The next day he follows by committing suicide with his white horse  running of the cliff.
Edogawa Rampo returns - he needs no instructions from his writer - entering the nagamochi.
He finds out and tries to enter the room where Akeshi is willingly.
Shizuko has opened.
The layers start to merge into one cosmic flashback occurring.
Rampo navigates.
And after he gets.
Rampo holds Shizuko.
<EOS>
Two childhood friends are reunited and discover their feelings for one another have taken a new turn in this drama  the first feature film from writer and director Adaora Nwandu.
Raymond  known as Rag  was born in England to parents  and as a child  or Tag for short.
Who were expatriates.
His best mate was Tagbo.
Whose folks were emigres.
He and Tag lost touch  and went on to live different lives as adults -- Rag has left behind a girlfriend and child in the North of England to move to London.
When Rag was sent to live.
Where he s ended up  while Tag has graduated with honors from law school and is looking for work while dating Olivia  a white political activist.
Rag and Tag meet again one day.
They soon become fast friends again.
Rag and Tag seem to understand one.
Another do not.
Their friendship moves.
When Tag brings Rag along to Nigeria.
They become lovers.
~ Mark Deming  All Movie Guide.
<EOS>
Which the wraparound element linking the stories was a horror comic.
Which characters collide with each other during the film.
There is also a hotdog stand.
Brochures  ads and other things are peppered throughout.
Alice is a stuck-up  snotty teenager.
Who comes home to find her father meddling.
The whole family changes ethnicity.
Whenever she presses one on the device.
Alice gradually mutates into.
What is supposedly her true form.
Is back revealing Alice s true form.
When Alice thinks everything.
Her family is absolutely horrified.
The story ends.
Notable is the obvious link to Lewis Carroll s Alice in Wonderland.
Victor  the vampire  makes an appearance.
Jerry is a part-time security guard  however  this mysterious new radio is far.
Who buys a radio to replace his old one which has stopped working.
It can have a conversation.
Very soon Jerry is stealing money and murdering people  all.
Who lives.
She will kill him.
He refuses and destroys the radio.
Right  the hooker finds his gun in the car and shoots Jerry  killing him.
She is shot.
After she kills him and wipes the gun clean.
The shooter is revealed to be the pimp living.
Another radio tells him to go and start a new life.
When the pimp returns.
Alice s father also appears  investigating the various murders and strange goings-on taking place.
The killer call girl  Rachael  also makes an appearance  as well as the pimp and the two boys from The Professor s Wife.
Rachel  a murderous call girl  receives a request.
Rachel thinks.
He will be just another easy victim.
Scenes are flashed.
When Rachel gets there.
There is no evidence.
Rachel then chains him and proceeds to stab him in the chest  suffocate him by a pillow over his face  and then has a quick shower.
She then keeps hearing Victor s voice saying  You killed me.
Rachel removes the pillow and reveals a gruesome creature.
It is then revealed.
Victor is a vampire.
He kills Rachel and hangs her.
Whom he s already killed.
The two young men appear in this segment.
Two former students come to visit Professor Dayton and meet his fiancee  Kathy.
Having been victims in the past  they suspect.
Kathy is actually a robot  which the professor has supposedly spent the last 20 years working on.
She also behaves and does not eat or drink.
Further indicates that she is probably mechanical.
They decide to dismantle Kathy to see.
When the professor is out.
What she looks.
They learn.
Kathy really was a human being.
The professor later buys an ` advanced  voodoo kit to put Kathy back together in time for the wedding.
Rachael  the killer call girl  makes a brief appearance.
A cruel  miserly doctor  Dr Farwell  is working a 30-day court-ordered sentence.
Where he is very insolent and rude.
He even goes as far and mocks an elderly woman.
To show no sympathy with a brain tumor.
Who is going blind.
One day he buys a hot dog.
Dr Farwell accidentally drops it.
He sadistically decides to give the dirty hot dog.
Who has been bothering him.
The homeless man dies.
He returns to haunt the cruel doctor.
The story ends.
Victor also appears in this segment.
He seems to be.
The homeless man can be heard muttering  Thanks.
Is no doubt a reference.
The Hispanic woman also makes an appearance in this story.
Also  it is revealed.
The street vendor/homeless man got the two radios in The Professor s Wife.
<EOS>
The Bug s first victims are square record moguls Lawrence Milk and Jive Davis   and ` Scream  Dorsey.
Who are hypnotized or otherwise prodded.
Whose car is simply taken over and then run off a cliff.
The Bug  his henchmen and henchwomen are opposed.
Eager Believer.
The J-Men include Agents Spike  Claire and Lance  Buzz Cufflink  James Armhole  Rocket Jock  the Lone Star  the Caped Madman  Spy Swatter  Sleeve Coat  Juicy Withers  and Admiral Balzy.
Many appear to die horrible  inescapable deaths in the course of the film.
The J-Men work with the F.
C.
C.
Opposing the Lightning Bug  then with a bomb to blow up the Lightning Bug s base on the Moon.
However  the Lightning Bug beats them  by turning his stereo up too loud and blowing up the Moon himself.
Agent Barton mournfully recites the list of.
Who supposedly gave their lives against the Bug.
The Chief laughs  then starts choking.
He is smoking.
The Chief points out.
He stops choking.
J-Men are flexible enough to survive any life-threatening situation.
The final clips show.
How each J-Man escaped their particular peril.
<EOS>
A trio rob a stagecoach secretly assisted by one of the passengers.
The fleeing bandits come.
Who they shoot and steal their horses.
One survives and informs the tribe.
Who sets his tribe.
The commander.
Who is friendly.
<EOS>
The plot focuses by the name of Mirai Ozora  living in Tokyo in the year.
Being obsessed  one would never expect her big brother Hiroshi to be a brilliant inventor for ZIC  a major technological corporation.
It all begins  a device capable of allowing an object to operate outside of the normal laws of physics.
Flight  super-speed and strength  invulnerability  all capable.
The only catch  however  is.
It can only stay active.
Such a device would have changed the world.
Hiroshi s motives are not so much for the world.
It is.
Using the Mol-Unit and its power  Hiroshi develops a new superheroic personality.
Captain Tokyo becomes a media sensation.
Hiroshi eats it up.
However  things backfire.
When  out  Mirai finds the Mol-Unit and tampers with the costume it generates  giving it a more feminine appearance.
The Mol-Unit malfunctions  causing the costume to randomly alter between Hiroshi s design and Mirai s.
Hiroshi is forced to lend the Mol-Unit to Mirai.
Whose own personal use seems to be more lighthearted than her brother s.
However  things are not right.
A mysterious man  among them the destructive android group known as the Machinegal Dolls is bent on causing havoc upon the world.
To make matters worse  Nozumu  the youngest  has developed his own Mol-Unit and created a supervillain persona to oppose his brother and sister out of spite.
Completely unaware  but obligated to do something  Mirai finds herself thrown into the world of superheroism.
She takes.
<EOS>
A group are invited to a fighting contest  Dead or Alive  on an isolated island within an advanced complex  with the ultimate prize being $ 10000000 dollars.
Are Kasumi  a shinobi ninja-princess looking for her brother Hayate  Tina  a professional wrestler setting out to prove  her treacherous partner Maximillian Max Marsh  and Hayabusa  a friend of Kasumi and Hayate.
She has more potential  complicated.
Who follows Kasumi to keep her safe  using the invitation.
A final competitor is Helena Douglas  daughter.
They are monitored  Dr Victor Donovan   is gathering data from the fights for some mysterious project.
When they arrive.
Who  aided.
To add  an assassin from Kasumi s colony named Ayane  has followed Kasumi to kill her and wipe away the disgrace.
The princess has caused.
The contest plays out.
Only Kasumi  Christie  Hayabusa and Tina are left.
Max and Christie form a plan to steal over $ 100000000 stowed away inside a hidden vault.
Christie sees.
The key is a tattoo on the back of Helena s neck.
Meanwhile  Kasumi begins to suspect Donovan.
Hayabusa  infiltrating the main facility to find the truth  is captured.
She is more than once confronted and nearly killed.
Who Kasumi tries to convince that Hayate is alive.
Also  Weatherby begins to fall.
Tells her  and that before Helena s father could shut the project down  he died.
Where Hayabusa is.
Where they find Hayabusa unconscious.
They are then gassed and captured.
Meanwhile  Helena resolves to stop the mystery project  and has to fight the armed staff  sent to kill her and Weatherby by Donovan.
They are followed inside.
Who finds his way  and is then knocked out by Bayman  who is working for Donovan.
Donovan shows the four semifinalists the project.
He has been developing  an advanced form to become the ultimate fighter.
He then shows.
He kept Hayate alive and to test the technology.
He challenges Hayate to fight and win.
The others are to survive.
Hayate accepts and is defeated  then thrown to die.
Hayate is saved.
The two apparently accept each other.
Donovan prepares to sell the technology around the world  and begins downloading it to the watching buyers.
Weatherby stops the broadcast and alerts the CIA.
Provokes Donovan to head.
Helena keeps Donovan back  but both are defeated.
Weatherby frees the others.
Donovan activates a self-destruct sequence.
Will obliterate the base.
Kasumi  Helena  Christie  Tina  Ayane and Hayate urge to go back.
Launch a combined attack  while Hayabusa and Weatherby find Max and escape with him  despite Max s.
Donovan s glasses are knocked off.
He is easily paralyzed.
The fighters then all escape.
The base explodes and Donovan is consumed  making their escape by a hijacked pirates  boat.
The film ends preparing to fight an army of ninja in Kasumi s palace.
<EOS>
Michael  his wife Mary and their son buy a farmland.
Was coveted.
The rich man and his nephew Maruthu try everything.
Order to drive away all prospective buyers.
They cover up a spring water source to make things hard for Michael and thus try to force him to sell the farm.
When they realise that Michael has bought the farm.
Michael and his family stay.
They work.
The farm struggles due the lack  and Michael s vices.
To support his brother  Chandy comes.
Chandy is an active party worker and sometime acts as a muscle for his party s needs.
His arrival changes the fortunes and brings to light the activities of Nedumudi Venu.
To support his brothers activities  Antappan arrives as well.
To counter Chandy s threat  Nedumudi Venu spreads a rumour.
Things come.
When one morning Maravathoor wakes that Chandy and Mary have run away together.
The movie starts and has to face the wrath of his nephew and the villagers.
His explanation culminates the end of the story.
<EOS>
Rock star Roddy Usher is confined after murdering his wife.
He is given various shock treatments by Nurse Smith and Dr Calahari  resulting in a series of bizarre and nightmarish adventures.
<EOS>
Venkata Ratnam Naidu  a young boy  lives in Kondaveedu  a village in Guntur District.
His stepfather is always partial.
Constantly angers Venkata Ratnam.
He starts to not care.
What other people think.
His anger grows.
He runs away.
His stepfather  Naidu catches him and joins him.
21 years later  a scene shows a gang.
When Gabbar Singh  now a cop  tries to recover the money.
It is revealed.
Gabbar Singh is now posted.
His anger remains the same  and lives separately from them.
He wants to live.
She instead wants him to stay.
Ajay is a gambling addict and has loans.
Gabbar Singh falls with a handicraft vendor named Bhagya Lakshmi.
Whom he chances that he conducts against gambling.
It is revealed.
The robbers who tried to steal are actually the henchmen.
He want to be an MLA of Kondaveedu.
He meets Gabbar Singh and tries to appreciate him.
Gabbar Singh flatly refuses and tells Siddhappa.
He actually knows who he is and tells him to behave himself.
Angered  Siddhappa Naidu sends goons to disrupt the market yard in Kondaveedu.
Gabbar Singh confronts the goons and defeats them.
Even more enraged  Siddhappa now plans to kill Gabbar Singh.
His uncle instead advises him to speak about transferring Gabbar Singh out of Kondaveedu.
Siddhappa and his uncle meet.
The minister  who simply denies their request stating that Gabbar Singh is a sincere and honest cop and transferring him would be bad for the party.
He also advises Siddhappa to make peace.
It would hurt his political aspirations.
Meanwhile  Gabbar Singh meets Bhagya Lakshmi and proposes marriage.
She rejects it saying.
She has to look.
She can not marry.
He is alive.
Gabbar Singh then comes home to find his mother dead.
He goes.
He is the only family left.
His stepfather rejects and despises him.
Gabbar Singh is then attacked by Siddhappa s men   he kills all of them in a fight and goes to Siddhappa s house.
When he is.
He confronts Siddhappa and warns him to stop bothering him.
Tells him.
He will not allow Siddhappa to become a MLA.
Provoked  Gabbar Singh s brother hits one of his creditors brutally and injuring him.
Siddhappa calls the police station to warn them.
Gabbar Singh beats up his brother  thus disgracing him.
Siddhappa decides to take advantage and suspend Gabbar Singh.
He takes Gabbar Singh s brother and his father.
But Naidu resolves the situation.
Angered  Siddhappa tells Gabbar Singh and tells him to stop it.
Something big will happen.
He can.
Gabbar Singh interrogates the henchmen and finds out.
Siddhappa arranged the marriage by paying her father a lot of money.
Gabbar Singh goes.
Whether she loves him or not.
Bhagya Lakshmi reveals her love.
Gabbar marries her.
Siddhappa  tries to bribe the high command to get a party nomination to contest in the election.
He offers INR5 crores to get the ticket.
Gabbar Singh comes to know and steals the money.
Siddhappa sends.
Gabbar Singh s brother is approached by Siddhappa.
He offers help and money.
Asks him to work for his elections.
Siddhappa orders.
Him to deliver a cellphone and a box to the Minister s house.
But  unknown  a bomb is placed in the sweet box.
It explodes  killing the Minister.
He leaves the house.
Knowing  the police commissioner suspends Gabbar Singh.
It was Gabbar Singh s brother who did the blast.
Gabbar Singh confronts his stepfather.
Naidu tells him.
Naidu suffers a heart attack and is hospitalized.
Gabbar Singh takes care at the hospital  thus bonding again.
Gabbar s brother is convinced to kill Gabbar before the later catches him.
Who is shocked.
He accepts to do it to escape and meets Gabbar Singh.
He has no intention to kill his brother.
He confesses to Gabbar.
He was sent to kill him.
He reveals to Gabbar.
Siddhappa made him plant the bomb and that he never knew what was.
Gabbar tries to take him.
But Siddhappa calls Gabbar and reveals to him.
He killed Gabbar s mother.
Gabbar arrives to Siddhappa s house and takes down the goons and kills Siddhappa.
It is shown.
Gabbar Singh hires most and gives them police jobs.
<EOS>
Madhavan Nair  a lorry driver is loyal and honest.
Panicker offers him a lorry  and a house in.
To stay along.
Madhavan Nair turns into a rich businessman.
Who owns several buses  automobile workshops  and trucks.
Balachandran  his elder son runs his business.
Rajendran  younger son is.
Rajendran fells.
Balachandran is with Indu  daughter of Varma  an old feudal family  who had lost all his wealth with time.
Both Rajendran and Balachandran marry their heart throbes.
But life turns.
Both Indu and Usha gets.
Things even went out.
Madhavan Nair and Lakshmi interferes.
Accidentally  the blow hits.
<EOS>
Chandu and Vijay are brothers.
They belong.
The elder brother  Vijay  is a responsible person.
The younger one  Chandu  is a spoiled brat and womanizer.
Vijay is.
Chandu meeta a woman named Geeta.
Geeta is a tough nut to crack  so he plays different tricks to attract her.
One day  he expresses his love and deflowers her.
The next day he takes the train to Hyderabad.
Where Vijay and Sandhya are preparing to marry each other.
Sandhya and Geeta turn out to be sisters.
Sandhya breaks her marriage plans.
When she finds out her younger sister was used to satisfy his lust.
Chandu realizes his mistake and repents.
He approaches Sandhya and pleads.
She gives him an opportunity to change  then she will endorse his marriage.
Chandu is a changed man.
The rest is about.
Chandu convinces Geeta.
<EOS>
A neurotic businessman tries to improve his sex life by encouraging her to have a threesome involving another woman.
Fortunately  she likes the idea.
Unfortunately  she decides.
She does nt need her husband to have fun.
She ends up preferring them.
<EOS>
The plot is unusually complex.
Some details remain hazy.
Private detective Philip Marlowe calls at his Los Angeles mansion.
The wealthy general wants to resolve gambling debts.
His daughter  Carmen Sternwood  owes to bookseller Arthur Gwynn Geiger.
General Sternwood s older daughter  Mrs Vivian Rutledge  stops him.
Marlowe is leaving.
She suspects her father s true motive.
Is to find his friend Sean Regan  who had mysteriously disappeared.
Marlowe goes.
Agnes Louzier  Geiger s assistant  minds the shop  the front.
Marlowe follows Geiger and hears a gunshot and a woman scream.
Breaking  he finds Geiger s body and a drugged Carmen  as well as a hidden camera with an empty cartridge.
Marlowe picks Carmen up and brings her home.
Marlowe later goes back  but discovers.
The body is no longer there.
Later  Marlowe learns.
The Sternwood driver has been found dead.
Vivian comes the next morning with scandalous pictures of Carmen.
She received for the negatives.
Marlowe returns  and discovers.
They are packing up the store.
Marlowe follows a car leaving the bookstore.
Who previously blackmailed General Sternwood.
Marlowe returns.
Where he finds Carmen.
She initially claims ignorance but then insists Brody killed Geiger.
They are interrupted.
Marlowe follows Vivian   and later  Carmen.
Where they join Brody and Agnes.
Who wants her photos.
Marlowe takes the photos and sends Vivian and Carmen home.
He is suddenly shot and killed  the assailant flees.
Brody admits he was blackmailing both General Sternwood and Vivian.
Marlowe follows and apprehends Carol Lundgren  Geiger s former driver.
Who has killed Brody for Geiger s death.
Marlowe visits Mars  casino.
Where he asks.
Mars is evasive and tells Marlowe.
Vivian is running up debts.
Vivian later tells Marlowe.
She wants him to take her home.
A stooge attempts to rob Vivian.
Marlowe waits.
Marlowe intervenes and punches him out.
Subsequent robbery was a setup.
Her to try to show Mars and Vivian had animosity.
Vivian still wo nt say anything.
Marlowe then returns home to find Carmen waiting.
She admits.
She did nt like Regan and mentions that Mars calls Vivian frequently.
She attempts to seduce Marlowe.
Who throws her out.
Vivian calls Marlowe to say.
Regan has been found  and that she is going to see him.
Harry Jones  an associate  and Agnes  lover  conveys an offer from Agnes to reveal the location of Mars  wife for $.
However   Canino  a hired killer  attempts to find Agnes himself and then poisons Jones.
When Marlowe goes to meet Jones.
Marlowe then meets Agnes himself.
She telephones the office where Jones was killed.
She reveals.
She s seen Mona Mars by an auto repair shop.
Canino attacks Marlowe  tied up  being watched by Mona.
Who wakes to find himself.
Vivian then comes in.
Mona throws a drink and leaves.
When Marlowe tells her that Mars is a gangster and a killer.
Vivian fears and frees him  allowing him to get to his car and his gun.
Marlowe kills Canino and they leave together.
Vivian helps distract him.
Vivian unconvincingly tries to claim.
She killed Sean Regan.
Marlowe calls Eddie Mars and says.
When they arrive.
He is still.
They arrange to meet  giving Marlowe ten minutes to prepare.
Mars arrives.
Who set up ambush points outside.
Marlowe holds him.
When Mars enters the home.
Marlowe reveals.
He has discerned the truth  Mars blackmailed Vivian  saying Carmen had killed Regan.
Marlowe begins to fire his gun  causing him to run outside.
When Mars threatens Marlowe outside.
Where he is mistakenly shot dead.
Marlowe then calls the police  telling them.
Mars killed Regan.
He tells them.
Vivian helped him  exempting her from criminal prosecution and that her sister Carmen needs a doctor s help.
<EOS>
Koga Shuko  a crime lord and businessman  explains about a powerful  magic medallion called the Double Dragon.
Has been split.
He obtains one half and orders his henchmen to find him the other.
Teenage brothers Billy and Jimmy Lee  along Satori  are heading home after citywide curfew from a martial arts tournament.
They are accosted by gang members.
Who rule the streets due to an uneasy pact made with the police department to keep them from running amok during the day.
They get away thanks to help headed by their friend Marian  daughter of the police chief.
Unfortunately  Abobo  a gang leader  discovers.
Satori holds the second medallion half and reports this.
He is mutated into a hulking giant.
Satori explains to a skeptical Billy and Jimmy about the Double Dragon and.
Their piece must be protected.
She places it.
Shuko   pays the Lees a visit  intent on taking the other half.
He reveals the ability.
Holds the power  by temporarily possessing Satori.
Billy and Jimmy successfully incapacitate Abobo.
Shuko has the place doused and lit on fire.
Satori sacrifices herself.
The brothers can escape.
Unable to find the brothers  Shuko unites and takes over the gangs by displaying his power and sends them after the Lees.
Billy and Jimmy narrowly get away  and seek refuge.
Marian agrees to help them  using this.
The three decide to go to Shuko s office building to steal his medallion.
They ultimately fail and are forced to flee.
Jimmy is captured.
Billy and Marian return.
None have been able to figure out how to use their Dragon piece.
Marian points out a discovery  meaning Shuko is not able to possess him as long.
They made that the wearer is immune to the powers of its counterpart.
He has it.
Suddenly  the gangs attack the hideout.
Jimmy reappears.
Billy is elated  however  Jimmy is merely being controlled.
He tries to pummel his brother.
Billy then accidentally activates his medallion s ability  and effectively makes.
Is the power.
Him invulnerable to harm.
Knowing this  Shuko threatens to kill Jimmy instead.
This does nt succeed either  so he releases Jimmy to distract Billy long enough to get the medallion.
Shuko unites the halves and turns that disintegrate anything.
They slice through.
The Lee brothers fight  but can not beat him.
Abobo   reveals.
Who had previously been taken prisoner and since reformed.
Shuko s weakness is light.
Marian reactivates the hideout s generator.
The shadow warriors are rendered powerless.
Billy and Jimmy attack  forcefully recombining the shadows  and are given the Double Dragon halves.
They combine the two pieces  granting them matching uniforms and the medallion powers.
They briefly see a vision.
She gives them encouraging words.
The brothers wale.
Jimmy possesses him to make him do embarrassing things.
Marian s father shows up  intending to bring Shuko to justice and take care of the gangs once and for all.
Jimmy has Shuko write a check before encouraging the police chief to arrest him.
Shuko is sent  the police department has renewed strength to fight the gangs instead of compromising with them.
Billy and Jimmy can now keep both halves safe.
<EOS>
Earth is devaststed.
The sky is red  and was once the United States has become Deathlands inhabited by mutants.
Communities ruled are called villes.
The one known asFront Royale had been ruled.
Who is killed.
His son  Harvey Cawdor  kills one and partially blinds his young brother Ryan Cawdor.
Who then escapes.
The one-eyed Ryan returns to Front Royale accompanied by his girlfriend  Krysty Worth  the teenage mutant Jak Laurent  and weapons specialist J.
B.
Dix to face his stepmother and brother and avenge his father s murder.
<EOS>
Rae discovers.
Her man  Michael  spent the $ 15000 they set aside.
Rae promptly dumps Michael and hops a ride to the airport.
Michael loses the car.
When a young kid cons him out.
Michael soon finds his day.
When he s caught up at the convenience store he s now stranded at.
The cops show up ready.
Michael finds himself trying to convince the gunman to let him.
The other hostages go  all while trying to plan.
To get before Rae s flight leaves.
<EOS>
Young Lord Geoffrey Braemer is supposedly an English aristocrat.
He is a fraud.
He is a willing assistant to con artists Jim Hampstead and Doris Clandon.
Who took him.
He conveniently faints  distracting the employees and allowing Jim to steal a valuable necklace.
However  an astute insurance investigator catches him.
He is sent.
If he does not behave himself  he will be transferred.
The school is headed.
Briggs assigns longtime model student Terry OMulvaney to take Geoff.
However  Geoff is not interested in  he only wants to return to London to be reunited with Doris and Jim.
He soon antagonizes all  with the sole exception of the irrepressibly cheerful Albert Baker.
Geoff uses the opportunity to run away.
When the residents invite the boys to a banquet.
Terry tracks him down and   takes him back to school.
Unfortunately  it is very late.
Terry is caught sneaking.
He loses his chance.
When he shields Geoff.
The other students punish Geoff.
The bleak isolation takes its toll on Geoff.
He does nt want to show it.
He learns several life lessons.
Geoff confesses his runaway attempt.
That Terry might possibly be reinstated.
He asks Captain Briggs not to tell the boys.
The information clearing Terry came.
Briggs selects Terry and Geoff to join the crew.
He refuses to go back  and tells them he is going to sail on the Queen Mary.
When Doris and Jim finally manage to contact Geoff.
Jim sews it.
The stolen necklace is too well known.
When Geoff is not looking.
The necklace is found  forcing Geoff to choose between conflicting loyalties.
He chooses wisely.
Doris and Jim are nowhere to be found.
Geoff is taken in.
He will miss the sea voyage.
Luckily  one recognizes the crooked couple on the Queen Mary.
They are arrested to board the ship and join Terry.
<EOS>
Six years has taken its toll on young Robert Graham.
The penitentiary s resident doctor and psychiatrist recommends.
Warden Brady see him and proposes that he offer him a drastic change before his psychological damages become irreversible.
He agrees to give him a chance and offers him a job.
When the warden realizes who the inmate is  or rather was  and recalls that it was he that helped put him.
Graham enjoys his new employment  especially.
He is frequently.
He improves and regains his morale.
Meanwhile  one tries to escape at night with two other prisoners.
One turns out to be a stool pigeon  breaking the Prisoner s Code and lures the men into a death trap.
The guards brutally shoot down and kill Graham s cellmate.
Ned Galloway  Graham s other cellmate  vows to avenge this death and  more importantly  punish the violator.
He develops an elaborate plan secretly and carefully warns Graham to stay away from the man.
Ill-fated Graham   walks in on the crime.
No one was supposed.
The perspicacious warden again knows.
Graham is not the murderor.
He does however clearly see.
Graham knows who committed the crime.
Promising him a speedy parole   the warden pushes Graham to reveal the name.
His sincerity is somewhat doubtful.
He is morally torn.
Still an inmate  Graham can not bring himself to go and remains loyal to Galloway and the other inmates.
Who represent the Hawksian group  an ever-present theme in the director s films.
The situation also deeply troubles Brady   hoping.
Who feels impelled to send Graham.
It will change his mind.
A week or so later   Mary returns home to the penitentiary and is surprised not to see Graham working as valet.
Her surprise turns to shock.
When she finds out where Graham has been sent.
She urges her father to release him.
The warden criticizes his daughter  but reconsiders her plea.
She proclaims her love.
He descends into the prison dungeon to let out the devastated prisoner.
The other inmates logically think.
Graham has spoken the name.
Having previously smuggled a pocket knife down  they hope.
Graham will be punished.
Galloway   understands.
What is really happening.
He purposely insults a guard and is promptly sent downstairs faithfully to protect his cellmate and loyal friend.
Once  he kills the other prisoner and  in addition  cuts Gleason s throat.
The other guards finally shoot him down.
Graham  safe and unharmed  is immediately sent up to see Mary Brady.
The two lovers embrace passionately.
<EOS>
John Walton  a district attorney  is presented  A medical practitioner has been arrested for distributing ` indecent  birth control literature.
He makes a case for his thesis.
Breeding and financial planning are integral.
That sex education and contraception information should be available.
Meanwhile  Walton s wife has been keeping a secret  She has been seeing a doctor  one Herman Malfit.
Who performs abortions so that her busy social life will not be interrupted.
She suggests it.
Who is.
Mrs Carlo has the abortion.
The Waltons receive two new guests  and the maid s young daughter.
Smitten  the maid s daughter is seduced and soon finds herself in trouble.
She is taken and then abandoned by the boy.
The operation goes wrong.
Making her way back  she collapses and dies from the botched abortion.
Walton examines the doctor s ledgers and realized.
His wife and many are listed as having received ` personal services.
He returns home  furious  to find them lunching.
He banishes his wife s friends  saying .
I should bring you.
The couple must contend.
The years pass.
They might have had.
<EOS>
The vast rice fields.
Clark s love with Thong Kwao.
But fear is disappointing.
Because Clark s until The land was mortgaged confirmed  but love it.
Clark promised.
If the sale to engage Thong Kwao.
Clark s hit that poor and seize the land to Chom Thong pack and Ruby Thong Kwao parents.
Is sent to live.
Thong Kwao was introduced.
Aunt nephew The war gold hope for kids  both married.
So do not become the property.
Thong Kwao.
Clark s wanted to come but to ask parents to call the bride Thong Kwao ten thousand.
Thong Kwao meaning but hurried back to find.
Clark s was.
Thong Kwao made.
Mistake Thong Kwao has agreed to engage Thammarak.
But Thammarak already has a wife.
Rue war is chasing gold Thammarak and wife back.
But news announced the ear piece bandit.
Thong Kwao.
Capture the war.
That Clark s and police to help.
Gold pieces  refuse.
His father and mother Ruby did not dare.
The couple has married.
<EOS>
Set  two couples hide out in a lakeside cabin hoping to survive the crisis.
They forge an uneasy alliance.
Resources run low and external threats increase.
They ca nt know.
Long they must endure living.
Unspoken animosity fills the air.
A suspected affair is driving a wedge.
Poorly equipped to cope without technology and saddled with completely conflicting worldviews  everything begins to disintegrate.
Finally  each faces a critical decision.
They never thought they d have to make.
<EOS>
Calvert College begins taking football more seriously.
Coach Gore is brought and given a free rein.
He uses to pay money.
He is so obsessed.
He ignores his wife  Claire.
The president s son  Phil Sargeant  is also an outstanding athlete  but is far more interested.
He is persuaded to join the team  however  and becomes the fourth.
Who begin leading Calvert.
Football stars begin feeling entitled.
One  Weaver  even makes a pass at the coach s wife.
Phil Sargeant is offended.
When he did nt even complete.
He quarrels and quits the team.
Gore catches his wife having dinner and kicks Weaver off the squad.
Soon the team is losing games and funds.
Even threatens the future.
Phil decides to play again.
Claire explains.
The dinner was innocent.
Weaver is reinstated.
The coach offers to quit  but is given a second chance.
<EOS>
The movie revolves from the past.
Amar and Mansi unfold their past.
Amar works.
When he is alone.
They converse before and after marriage.
Amar is married but does nt seem happy.
Rita says.
S because married people do nt have dreams left.
The dreams gets replaced.
People see when they are.
They get married.
She herself had been married.
She walked out.
Amar keeps thinking of his wife and feigning a headache.
He walks out.
He stops to buy a bouquet of flowers.
Back home  Mansi is at home.
Sunil  Amar s childhood friend comes home and wishes her.
It s Amar s and Mansi s wedding anniversary.
They do nt remember it themselves.
Uninvited guest  he s not sure.
He is.
There s enough food.
But Mansi tells him Amar.
Might have dinner and come since it s so late already.
So he might as well stay back.
Dinner or else the food will get wasted.
Amar overhears this conversation  walks.
He has a terrible headache.
She serves dinner and sits holding her child.
He eats.
She goes back.
When all that mattered was to spend quality time.
Amar is lying down in the dark  also thinking about their past - of the time.
When he had gone to meet Mr Sharma  Mansi s father to ask.
Lying down  they both think about their past - about.
Happy they were.
They think.
When they were madly  when nothing seemed impossible.
They start off  their small world is brimming with love and is perfect.
A whole year and they are still happy.
They decide it s time to extend their family and plan to have a child.
We see Mansi s father against their relationship.
Strong outbursts and Mansi s father take place.
Amar thinks.
When Mansi cared so much.
Now he s sleeping.
She s not even bothered.
They are very happy and excited.
They are blessed.
Whom they both adore a lot.
But somewhere the enchantment seems to fade away leaving both.
They live.
They had despised themselves.
Amar starts finding fault.
Mansi does even suspecting that there s something going on.
Mansi also knows.
Amar wishes.
Mansi was.
But though there are problems.
They sort them out.
Fragments keep flashing across their minds.
Mansi gets up the following morning.
When the milkman comes.
And she sees the flowers.
When she goes out.
Amar had left.
Amar comes and sees her pick them up  he hugs her.
They walk.
<EOS>
Jesco White is the last.
He is the son.
D Ray tried to keep him.
Since Jesco was a child.
Would put him.
Dancing was just one way to keep Jesco.
But  there was temptation drawing him away from D Ray  away from the dancing.
There were the voices  tormenting him.
Maybe that s.
Jesco loved to get high.
Hooked  Jesco was constantly finding himself in trouble with the law.
He landed more than once.
It was here.
He spent most.
Jesco had to endure the brutal and senseless murder.
Incarcerated. 
Years  Jesco had made the best of staying true to his daddy s word.
He tried to stay as straight.
He could  and used the dancing to do so.
But the devil has his ways too.
Soon Jesco was back.
Whatever local dives he could.
Enid liked to be called Percilla.
An off-beat pair  the two managed to keep all their wickedness.
Life was good.
One logging season brought two visitors  Long and Davie -- the two men responsible for killing D Ray years earlier.
It was.
Though God were testing Jesco again  tempting him.
And so this temptation was satisfied.
Jesco got the revenge.
He craved.
Running  Jesco hid himself in a small cabin deep in the West Virginia hills.
It was here.
Jesco reached a dead end.
Jesco s soul would have been lost forever.
It was not.
<EOS>
Jonathan Jordan finds himself recently divorced and once again a member of the LDS single adult world -- a world.
Whose ultimate goal is Eternal Marriage.
Disenchanted  Jordan stops going.
He even creates a stand up routine lampooning the Mormon way.
His resistance continues.
He falls.
Suddenly  Jordan finds going.
Is he attending church again just to impress her.
<EOS>
Dr Joe Darrow and wife Dr Emily Darrow work.
He is the head.
She specialises.
Occasionally  Emily takes trips to help the native people.
Who are unable to afford healthcare.
She was needed by the people in Venezuela.
Joe disapproves and insists she stay home in case she delivers the baby.
Her husband feels.
The weather takes a turn.
Where she is located.
The entire village is evacuated.
The bus is hit by a landslide  rolls off the road and plunges into the river below.
Which Dr Emily and the people were.
Joe tries his best to function as normal.
He does not take time to grieve his wife s death.
He returns to work.
If nothing has happened.
One night he is awakened.
Falls across the room.
His wife always had a passion.
She has a birthmark.
Resembles a dragonfly.
They had promised one another.
His wife died.
To look if something were to happen to either one of them.
A few nights later  he falls asleep.
One is brought in by the medical staff  unconscious.
There. 
The staff tries to revive him  but are having little success.
He hears the child calling his name over and over  Joe  Joe  ca nt you hear me.
Naturally  he follows the staff to confirm.
What he is hearing is real.
All the monitors show no heartbeat.
Finally  the child responds.
His heart begins beating.
The following afternoon  he returns and questions him.
The child asks him she sent.
He is Emily s Joe and tells him.
Him back to tell Joe something.
All are drawings of a curvy cross.
He asks the boy.
He knows what it is.
The boy replies.
He does nt know.
The boy said  saw all.
He had a near death experience  and when he was clinically dead.
Was going on.
Then  the boy said  he saw a light.
There was a woman standing there.
She showed him an image  and told him.
He had to go back.
The boy then suddenly points.
He drew  saying.
What I saw.
Later   Joe sees.
Passing. 
The same drawing and the boy immediately knows who Joe is and tells him that he must go then points to the symbol on the wall.
He too does not.
When Joe asks the boy if he knows what it means.
Still no one understands or can explain.
What it means.
His parrot mysteriously goes.
When he arrives.
The parrot knocks out the light and breaks a pot.
Joe spots something outside.
He sees a dragonfly flying.
When he goes.
There is no light around  yet it still flies.
He also briefly sees Emily.
Later   he sees the same wavy cross symbol drawn.
When he comes back to look.
Days pass.
Joe still does not know.
What is taking over his life.
His neighbour and longtime friend  Miriam Belmont  tries to bring him back  to no avail.
The breaking point occurs at the hospital.
He is alone.
When he believes his wife speaks.
Joe tries to stop the surgical procedure.
Security is called in to arrest him.
Miriam bails him out.
He decides to sell his home and go.
The lightbulb burns out.
Packing away his wife s belongings.
All the belongings are suddenly back.
When he returns.
He had packed away.
He believes.
He is losing his grip.
He runs out the front door and pleads for help.
He enters his kitchen.
Where one has blown open.
He sees the mysterious curvy cross symbol.
He calls a friend.
Who tells him the wiggly cross is the map symbol.
He then sees a photo  he then realizes.
What the boys meant.
He decides.
He has to go there.
He takes a trip.
Where his wife spent her last days.
Somehow  he believes  he might get closure.
He could find out where the accident took place.
Joe s pilot  Victor  takes him.
He looks.
Joe asks his native guides  they start arguing.
They know where his wife is buried.
He should be brought.
Joe s attention then shifts.
He runs off.
He then comes and sees the bus  and remains near the scene of the accident.
Had never been removed.
Joe then jumps and enters the semi-flooded bus  but this seems to cause the bus to shift.
It moves further downriver  flooding.
It goes until it s completely submerged.
Joe is trapped.
When one gets jammed under the seat.
He fights to escape.
Calms appears.
When a bright glow fills the bus and his wife.
She reaches her hand out.
They connect.
The events flash before him.
He sees.
She survived the initial accident and was pulled to safety.
He is then suddenly rescued out.
Determined to reach the village  Joe runs.
Who says they need permission first.
Reaching it  he s surrounded.
He holds up a photo.
A native woman walks up and begins speaking to him  saying.
They could nt save her body.
They saved her soul.
Perplexed  he follows her  and inside is a female infant in a basket.
The child had survived the accident.
His wife was carrying.
Immediately tears begin to flow.
The woman shows him a birthmark  it is in the shape of a dragonfly on the inside of her ankle.
He drops and begins to sob  realizing.
He embraces his daughter.
What his wife was trying to tell him.
The film ends.
Who is now a toddler  having the same wavy blonde hair and who is the very image.
<EOS>
The film opens.
Who also engages.
Who is also a talented physics academic.
The audience is provided into the world of the opening section s primary characters.
Concurrently observing the public reemergence.
The ending is signified by the sudden death of Matheson from a chronic vascular condition at the same time.
One takes place  an incident that is particularly significant due to the death of a former nemesis of Silver  a skeptic who investigated the psychic s work  under similar circumstances.
Matheson had also previously been involved and appears on a televised panel in anticipation of Silver s return.
Matheson refuses to cooperate with Buckley s insistent call to undertake another investigation of Silver  warning Buckley against such an undertaking due to her previous experience with the psychic.
However   the assistant becomes increasingly obsessed with investigating Silver for the purpose of exposing the popular psychic as a fraud.
A series of inexplicable events occur -- electronic devices explode  dead birds appear.
Buckley s laboratory is vandalized.
Buckley s paranoia intensifies.
He believes Silver is.
Buckley s calm and rational disposition eventually degenerates.
Resembles the late Matheson s intense disregard.
Silver agrees to participate in an investigation proposed by an academic from the same university.
Matheson was employed.
Buckley joins the observation team.
Buckley s assistants manage to reveal the manner.
Which Silver defrauds the public.
Buckley exposes Silver at one of the psychic s public performances.
Silver is left dumbfounded.
Buckley then reveals.
He actually possesses paranormal abilities and has been responsible.
Buckley explains a realization  the revelation clarifies.
Which he arrives that his decision to work with Matheson  despite the possibility of loftier career opportunities as a physicist  was the result of an unconscious attempt to seek out others like himself.
Buckley s choices were made.
<EOS>
Filmed  the story concerns the somewhat uneasy relationship between a Scotland Yard Detective  Johnoe and the Squad Chief  Bestwick over the use of paid informants.
Johnoe continues on.
One is murdered.
Immediately he finds himself his only option is to enlist the help of the murdered man s brother.
<EOS>
The inhabitants  a small village in western Portugal  perform the Passion of Jesus every year according to text from about the 16th century  Oliveira stumbled upon this during the production of a film in 1963  the film is also remembered for a furious apocalyptic montage.
Links Christ s death.
<EOS>
Crystal White Girl Van Meter is a 15-year-old prostitute and robbing johns.
Who is sentenced.
Transferred to seek treatment for bulimia  White Girl teams up with Angela Cyclona Garcia  a teenage serial killer.
Together  they escape  despite White Girl injuring herself on a barbed-wire fence.
Cyclona is convinced her beloved Sister Gomez.
Can help White Girl.
They head.
Cyclona murders a family and has sex with the dead bodies.
White Girl is not happy.
Cyclona has stopped taking her meds and insists she continue to take occasional doses should they continue together.
They steal the family s car and make their way south.
Cyclona reveals.
Sister Gomez saved her.
They crash and fall down a hill laughing.
Undaunted  the two fugitives catch a ride only to be assaulted by a transient crack addict.
Cyclona kills him to protect White Girl.
The two make off.
Venturing  they leave a trail of crack.
Is picked away with crow feathers on their hats.
Lost and confused  they make it only to have a stand-off with two customs officials.
Of whom Cyclona kills.
White Girl violently pistol-whips Cyclona and.
Crystal/White Girl makes money by luring men to dark alleys on the promise of a good time  and mugging them.
Cyclona and White Girl check.
Where they have a moment as White Girl finally gives into Cyclona s sexual advances.
They find a poster.
Shows Sister Gomez is.
Sister Gomez appears to be a Catholic/spiritualist healer  Cyclona is very keen.
They visit her.
Sister Gomez has protected her  and might be able to help them.
They visit Sister Gomez.
Sister makes an enormous roast feast and the friend with the hungry demon  referring to her bulimia.
Cyclona then disappears.
White Girl is forced to work as she has been doing  in exchange for food.
Finally  Crystal grows weary and makes her way.
Where she finds small children.
F.
O shaped lantern.
There is blood everywhere.
Cyclona is hanging.
She tells Crystal.
Sister Gomez made her watch while she chopped up children and made food out.
She reveals.
Her ultimate plan was to fatten her up with the meat of the children  and then  serve Crystal up for dinner as well.
Crystal concludes.
Sister Gomez is the.
Ready to deliver justice  White Girl/Crystal frees Cyclona and kills all the cult members  she also reveals Sister Gomez to be a rather well-endowed man.
Not succumbing  Gomez is thrown in the oven.
Burning  Gomez screams Jupiter.
Will ensue.
Crystal  keeping a promise made earlier  is forced to kill Cyclona rather than allow her to be captured.
Cyclona  wishing to leave  hopes to be reincarnated as an eagle.
White Girl makes a deal  stating.
I m not hungry anymore.
<EOS>
Scotland Yard s Inspector Higgins gets wrapped up.
Began. 
Soon everyone killed.
Who was close getting.
His brother Sir Cecil swears.
He sees his dead brother jaunting.
Higgins teams Peggy Brand and his bumbling chief Sir Arthur to unmask this villain.
Who is killing folks.
<EOS>
Maksim is appointed state commissar in charge of the national bank.
He learns the complexies of the banking trade and begins to fight off sabotaging underlings.
Dymba  now a violent enemy  tries to rob a wine store but is arrested with Maksim s help.
Maksim also exposes a conspiracy.
Who prepare an attempt.
He then joins the Red Army.
<EOS>
Junior risk analyst Seth Bregman  his more senior colleague Peter Sullivan  and trading desk head.
Will Emerson watch as a contracted temporary human resources team  hired  conducts an unannounced mass layoff action  right on their trading floor  at the start of an otherwise normal business day.
One is Peter and Seth s boss  Eric Dale.
Who heads risk management.
Dale attempts to tell his now former employer.
The firm should look.
The contracted human resources staff have no interest other.
He gives Peter a USB memory stick.
Dale is being escorted out.
He had been working on.
As he boards the elevator.
That night  Sullivan finishes Dale s project and discovers.
Built-In volatility backed securities will soon exceed the historical volatility levels of the firm.
The firm will suffer a loss greater than its market capitalization.
The firm s assets decrease by 25.
He also discovers.
This loss must occur.
So Sullivan alerts Emerson.
Who calls floor head Sam Rogers.
The employees remain with progressively more senior executives  including division head Jared Cohen  chief risk management officer Sarah Robertson  and finally CEO John Tuld.
Jared s plan is.
The market can react.
Rogers warns Cohen and Tuld.
Dumping the firm s toxic assets will spread the risk and will destroy the firm s relationships with its counterparties.
Rogers also warns Cohen  but will accept none whatever.
Their customers will quickly learn.
They realize that the firm is only selling the toxic mortgage-backed securities.
That is they will not barter or swap  one mortgage-backed security.
The characters finally locate Dale.
Who had been missing after his company phone was turned off and is eventually persuaded to come.
Meanwhile  it is revealed.
Robertson  Cohen  and Tuld were aware.
Tuld plans to offer Robertson s resignation as a sacrificial lamb.
Rogers tells his traders.
The markets open.
They will receive seven figure bonuses if they achieve a 93 % reduction.
He admits.
The traders are effectively ending their careers.
Meanwhile  Robertson and Dale sit  Robertson vigorously defends herself.
She warned although perhaps not loudly enough.
Emerson manages to close the positions.
His counterparties become increasingly agitated and suspicious.
The day wears on.
Rogers watches the same human resources team begin another round of layoffs on his floor.
He confronts Tuld and asks to resign  but Tuld dismisses his protests claiming.
The current crisis is really no different.
Sharp gains and losses are simply part.
He persuades Rogers to stay  promising.
There will be a lot to be made from the coming crisis.
Rogers sees Sullivan meeting.
Emerson survives.
It is implied.
Bregman will be let go.
Rogers is shown burying his dog.
Has died.
<EOS>
Viruta and Capulina are two brothers.
Who are trying to invent a system in which water works.
Don Caritino  their landlord  has tried to get their fourteen-month due rent.
Viruta and Capulina refuse to pay their due rent  so Don Caritino proposes them to convince their goddaughter Gloria to date him.
He ll let them forget.
But Viruta and Capulina are surprised  along Reynaldo  their great uncle s monetary estate and mansion in El callejon de las animas.
When they are told they have inherited.
There is a hidden treasure.
Their great uncle tried to find.
The mansion s butler and his wife  urgingly tying to find the treasure  scare Viruta  Capulina  Gloria  and Reynaldo.
That their plan they can go on.
Their luck turns around.
When Reynaldo calls the sheriff to arrest the butler and his wife.
Viruta and Capulina show their water-energy invention.
The butler had poured gasoline.
So Capulina lights a match and pours it.
An explosion occurs.
The explosion cracked a column  Viruta and Capulina found the treasure and gives some But Reynaldo s greatest treasure is Gloria.
Where the treasure was hidden.
Who has developed a romantic relationship.
<EOS>
Eddie Harrington and Albert Mansfield are plumbers.
Who receive a call.
The leak is keeping him awake.
The costume ball is not.
His wife is throwing downstairs.
Eddie and Albert enlist the aid to take them to the mansion.
Peter Evans  a guest dressed  mistakes Elsie for another costumed guest  despite her insistence.
They are upstairs attempting to fix the leak  but flooding the room instead.
She really is just a cab driver.
He winds up inviting her.
Where a valuable painting The Plunger is to be revealed.
Meanwhile  Eddie and Albert mistakenly receive their own invitation.
Mrs Van Cleave was intending to send them a letter that they inflicted on her home  but instead mails them her invitation to Briarwood.
They think  and look as a chance to meet other wealthy clients.
It is a reward.
However  a loan shark named Drexel.
They owe money.
Drexel and Marlow  a crooked chauffeur  attempt to steal the painting themselves.
When they refuse to go through.
Gloria Winthrop  accuses Elsie  Eddie  and Albert.
When the painting is discovered.
However  they clear their names.
When Eddie and Albert   capture Drexel and Marlow and recover the painting.
<EOS>
Hubert Flynn returns home and transforms into a rat.
Hubert s family each have different views.
That he became a rodent.
His wife Conchita thinks.
This change is supposed to be a lesson and that the reason he transformed is his own fault.
Their son Pius  destined  feels.
Because his father is now an animal  his family should kill him.
Their daughter Marietta feels.
The rat is still her father and that they should treat him.
Ghostwriter Phelim Spratt convinces Conchita to write a book of the story.
He suggests.
Phelim wants to write to Hubert in the face of adversity.
They take Hubert out and bookie to see his friends and to show the public that they are proud of him.
Conchita sends.
Whom she describes.
Matt feels.
They will have to undergo.
Hubert would be more comfortable.
This decision is further solidified.
Hubert treks forty miles back.
The family leaves him.
Conchita calls the doctor and sends Pius to get Father Geraldo to perform the last rites and an exorcism.
They put him.
The doctor tells Conchita to cool Hubert.
Father Geraldo then arrives and performs the exorcism.
Hubert emerges.
Phelim and Conchita are nervous.
Hubert turned back.
No one will believe their story.
They decide to lock Hubert and use a replacement rat for public appearances.
However  Hubert s old flame and neighbour  Daisy becomes sceptical.
When she hears him yelling that he needs to use the bathroom and calls to investigate.
He remembers.
Hubert is.
He saw Phelim hide the manuscript of the book in a cupboard.
He takes the manuscript and hides it.
Conchita goes to tell him.
When the family realize that Hubert should be away.
They are sending him until the book comes out.
Marietta finds a letter written saying.
When the police arrive.
He feels the same way that he did before he turned.
A rat then runs out the door.
The family chases it.
Phelim tries to put it.
When they get the rat back.
It bites him.
Hubert then appears behind them and explains.
The rat Phelim is holding is Conchita.
He says.
When he bit her earlier  he felt something leave his body and enter hers.
He then explains.
Phelim has been writing about their thoughts of killing Hubert and plans to abandon him at the maggot factory.
They throw Phelim out and tell him never.
Marietta is worried.
Hubert says.
She will turn back when she serves her time.
The film ends  singing karaoke.
It also shows a rat.
Has an earring.
<EOS>
This film is journeying backwards while telling  re-telling and re-imagining the story of Adam and Eve.
This film consists.
Reveal the dark tragedies.
<EOS>
Manon de Florette  the daughter of Jean  is living in the countryside of Provence near Les Romarins  the farm.
Her father once owned.
She has taken up residence.
Who teach her to live off the land  tending and hunting for birds and rabbits.
Ugolin Soubeyran  also called Galinette  has begun a successful business growing carnations with his uncle  Cesar Soubeyran -- also known as Papet -- thanks to the water provided by the spring there.
Ugolin develops an interest in Manon.
She seems disgusted and almost certainly by the memory of his involvement in her father s downfall.
When he approaches her.
But Ugolin s interest becomes obsessive  culminating in sewing a ribbon from her hair onto his chest.
Manon becomes interested in Bernard  a handsome and educated schoolteacher recently arrived in the village.
Manon had suffered the loss of her father.
Who died to the head while using explosives in an attempt to find the water source.
Cesar and Ugolin then bought the farm cheaply and unblocked the spring.
Manon witnessed this.
The two men profited directly.
Manon realises.
When she overhears two villagers talking.
Many knew of the crime but had remained silent  for the Soubeyran family was locally important.
Manon finds the underground source.
Searching. 
Supplies water.
To take her revenge.
Who knew but did nothing.
The villagers quickly become desperate to feed their crops and run their businesses.
They come to believe.
The water flow had been stopped to punish the injustice committed against Jean.
Manon publicly accuses Cesar and Ugolin.
The villagers admit their own complicity.
They had never accepted him  and was physically deformed.
He was an outsider.
Cesar tries to evade the accusations.
An eye-witness  a poacher  steps forward to confirm the crime  shaming both Cesar and Ugolin.
Who was trespassing.
Ugolin makes a desperate attempt to ask Manon in marriage.
She rejects him.
The Soubeyrans flee.
Rejected  Ugolin commits suicide by hanging himself from a tree  apparently ending the Soubeyran line.
The villagers appeal to Manon to take part to the village s fountain  hoping.
Acknowledging the injustice will restore the flow to the village.
Manon unblocks the spring in advance.
The water arrives.
The procession reaches the fountain.
Manon marries Bernard.
She is last seen very pregnant and leaving a church service.
Meanwhile  Cesar has been broken.
Delphine  an old acquaintance  returns to the village and tells him.
Florette  his sweetheart  had written to him to tell him she was carrying their child.
Receiving no reply  she had tried to abort it.
Florette left the village  married a blacksmith.
The child was born alive.
Cesar  away  never received her letter and did not know.
She had given birth.
Jean  the man  was the son.
He drove to desperation.
He had always wanted.
Devastated  and lacking the will to live any longer  Cesar dies quietly.
He leaves his property to Manon.
Whom he recognises.
<EOS>
Vicky  an expert  lives in Australia and never compromises in his life  a principle.
He adheres since his childhood.
He believes.
One should be oneself.
One should nt change one s orientation.
He also encourages his friends to follow his principle.
But Vicky s principles and attitude leads.
Who constantly advises him to adjust his character.
Vicky s parents arrange a wedding alliance between him and Priya  Vicky s childhood friend.
Who is a doctor.
She and Vicky are poles apart   Priya is traditional and conservative and is ready to compromise.
Vicky is modern and is not ready to compromise with his life.
Initially  Vicky and Priya do not get along well.
Both play practical jokes.
But later   Priya attempts to change her attitude towards Vicky.
Soon Priya falls.
Vicky does not like it.
Vicky too begins to fall with her and is ready to accept the wedding proposal.
He finds out that Priya has compromised.
He rejects the wedding proposal and returns.
Back  Vicky is matched up through a Cadbury survey with Maggie  a free-spirited modern girl.
Who shares his no-compromise attitude.
Both meet at a mall and interested in each other  begin to date and soon decide to get married.
However  Maggie s father is none other.
Who is unwilling to let Vicky marry Maggie.
Maggie s father agrees to let Vicky marry Maggie on the condition.
He should stay.
He can marry her.
Vicky manages to win over at least 2 relatives.
He would get a business.
Soon  the relatives begin pouring in  to Vicky s shock  is Priya.
Who happens to be the groom s cousin.
With the help of Priya  he manages to win over the entire family.
It is clear.
Vicky is going to win Maggie s father s challenge.
Priya leaves.
Vicky wins the challenge  heartbroken that Vicky is marrying someone else.
Vicky receives a message.
Priya had recorded prior rejecting her on his mobile phone where she had declared her love for him.
He gains a change and realises.
Much Priya had loved him and was willing to change  in spite of his faults.
He also realises the need.
Vicky conveys his feelings not to marry Maggie.
Maggie understands his feelings and accepts his decision.
Vicky returns to win back Priya.
Priya accepts Vicky s love.
They live happily ever.
<EOS>
The man called.
Obam struggles.
The African natives want their land and lives back.
Obam s motives are questioned  in particular his brother Kanda.
Will he be able to get things under control before the country self-destructs.
<EOS>
Carl Schaffner is a crooked American businessman.
Who flees after stealing company funds.
Schaffner decides to evade authorities drugs and switches identities.
Travelling. 
Who looks and has a Mexican passport.
He throws Paul Scarff  injurying Scarff.
Carl later discovers.
Scarff is wanted as a political assassin.
Carl then track down Scarff to get his original passport.
Who was resting.
Carl arrives  and get capture by the local police believing him to be Scarff.
Carl then fights to show his true identity.
The plan seems foolproof.
He is forced to care.
The local police chief and Scotland Yard inspector Hadden conspire to keep him trapped in an effort to get him to cross the bridge back into the U.
S.
And face justice.
The misanthropic Schaffner has grown attached and is tricked into going across the dividing line of the bridge to get the dog.
He is accidentally killed trying to escape the authorities.
The final irony is.
The discovery his own humanity has cost the cynical  friendless Schaffner his life.
<EOS>
The mogwai Gizmo becomes the guinea pig of the mad scientists working at Clamp Enterprises  an automatic state-of-the-art office building in Manhattan  run by the eccentric billionaire Daniel Clamp.
Gizmo reunites with his friend Billy Peltzer and his fiancee Katie  both.
Who work.
Clamp himself visits and quickly befriends Billy.
Gizmo is left and spawns a new batch of mogwai.
When he gets wet.
The new batch eat and transform into Gremlins.
The other Gremlins cause the fire sprinklers to go off and spawn an army of Gremlins.
Mohawk tortures Gizmo.
Quickly throw the building.
Billy quickly comes up.
The Gremlins invade the laboratory  one devouring a brain serum and becoming the intelligent Brain Gremlin.
Who plans to inject a genetic sunblock formula so they can survive in sunlight.
Other Gremlins devour serums and are genetically altered.
Billy traps.
All the while Grandpa Fred catches the chaos  broadcasting it to the world  he dreams of being a proper anchorman but only works at Clamp Enterprises as an actor.
Murray Futterman  Billy s neighbor and former victim of the Gremlin s antics  visits New York City with his wife Sheila and  upon encountering a Gremlin  sneaks into the Clamp building to aid Billy.
Consumed a bat serum.
Billy  Dr Catheter  and the chief Forster team up to defeat the Gremlins  but Dr Catheter is killed by the electric Gremlin.
Forster is chased off.
Mohawk finishes torturing Gizmo and devours a spider serum  transforming.
He attacks Kate and Marla.
Gizmo confronts Mohawk and kills him.
A rainstorm frustrates Clamp s plan.
The Gremlins gather.
Billy formulates a second plan to kill the Gremlin army  having Mr Futterman spray the army and then releasing the electrical Gremlin  electrocuting and killing all of the army including the Brain Gremlin.
Clamp charges in  but is so thrilled by the end result and gives Mr Katsuji Falls  tranquil setting from Billy s drawing.
He gives Billy  Katie  Fred and Marla promotions and gives Grandpa Fred a job.
Who is a photographer and cameraman a job to be Grandpa Fred s cameraman while Clamp decides to start a new project.
Forster calls Clamp.
Where he is trapped.
The female Gremlin approaches Forster.
Forster shrugs and resigns himself.
<EOS>
The film is structured as the elderly Charlie Chaplin recollects moments from his life during a conversation with fictional character George Hayden  the editor of his autobiography.
Chaplin s recollections begin.
Which he escapes.
There are references.
<EOS>
The film explores the true origins through interviews to several figures of the artistic media  Musician David Bowie.
Pop artist Roy Lichtenstein.
Glass sculptor Dale Chihuly.
Dance choreographer edouard Lock.
Dancer Louise LeCavalier.
Potter/poet Nora.
Architect Tadao Ando.
<EOS>
A musical.
One - Tullio Carminati vehicles of the.
London Melody was one.
This time around  Carminatti is cast.
Marius makes the chance acquaintance.
It s love.
Hero and heroine must undergo a dizzying series before the climactic clinch.
Meanwhile  Jacqueline rises  never dreaming.
It s all the secret handiwork.
<EOS>
A young cyclo rickshaw driver pedals his cyclo.
He inherited the cyclo.
Who died while a truck hit him when he was driving the cyclo.
His father did not want his son to take up his profession and desired him to live a better life.
The cyclo driver s grandfather repairs tires.
Despite his failing health  his younger sister shines shoes delivers water to local grocery stores.
Their poor but peaceful lives are jeopardized.
When the cyclo is stolen.
The cyclo driver is beaten.
When he frantically chases.
He pays a visit.
Who dotes her mentally retarded adult son.
Nowhere to go  he is forced to join the criminal dealing under the supervision of a brooding gang leader.
Who is also a poet.
The cyclo driver sees one of the men.
Who stole his cyclo  but is thwarted.
The poet detains him.
He begins to get involved.
Meanwhile  his older sister also comes and becomes a prostitute.
They develop feelings.
She visits his house.
Where he is beaten.
The poet brings the cyclo driver.
Who kills a victim.
Ho Chi Minh City is hit.
Different gangs start fighting.
A helicopter inexplicably crashes.
The cyclo driver blinds one eye.
Who stole his cyclo  but manages to remain unseen.
He pays another visit to pay a part of his debt.
She refuses and becomes busy.
Who has covered himself.
The poet assigns the cyclo driver the job.
His two accomplices give him a gun and teach him.
To kill their intended target.
They also hand him a bottle.
The poet and the cyclo driver s sister visit his childhood place.
He leaves her.
She is abused.
Both the poet and the man realize their mistakes.
The man tries to compensate.
But the poet kills the man and then kills himself.
Where he lives.
Meanwhile  the retarded son is killed.
When he is hit.
The cyclo driver takes two tablets.
He has received.
He becomes hallucinatory and fails to carry out the job.
Instead  he goes and covers himself with blue paint.
The next morning  the lady sees him and is reminded.
She releases him.
The movie ends  still contemplating the memory of his father  driving his cyclo with his grandfather and his two sisters on it through a crowded road of Ho Chi Minh City.
<EOS>
The musical centers.
Who meet once a year  where they rejoice with their leader  Old Deuteronomy.
One of the cats will be selected to go to the Heaviside Layer and be reborn.
The cats  introduce themselves.
Who may be considered.
Act 1 The musical starts out.
The lights then comes.
The cats then start to gather and explain the Jellicle tribe and their purpose.
The cats then give details.
The different cats are named.
Munkustrap appears and introduces the first cat  Jennyanydots.
She sits and sits and sits all day and rules and teaches various activities to them.
Jennyanydots finishes  greets the other cats  but is interrupted.
The music instantly changes and The Rum Tum Tugger makes an extravagant entrance.
The Rum Tum Tugger is a tom and leopard spots on his chest.
He is very fickle and unappeasable.
He will do as he do do.
There s no doing anything.
He flirts.
His music is cut short.
An old grey cat stumbles out and looks around.
It is Grizabella.
All the cats back away and glare with resentment.
The cats sing  with Demeter elaborating.
Grizabella leaves.
The music becomes upbeat.
Bustopher Jones  a fat cat  appears.
Bustopher Jones is  belonging to many clubs and making many speeches at various events.
There is a loud crash.
Macavity  the most wanted criminal cat  is thought to have appeared.
However  two black and orange calico cats sneak out.
They are Mungojerrie and Rumpleteazer  two petty thieves.
Who are very mischievous  and enjoy causing trouble.
Soon  the Jellicle Patriarch  Old Deuteronomy  appears.
He is a large old cat.
Has lived many lives and buried nine wives.
He is the one.
Who will choose which Jellicle cat will go.
Munkustrap and the cats proceed to entertain Old Deuteronomy  but were scared away by a superhero-like cat called the Great Rumpus Cat.
Another loud crash is heard.
The cats again suspect.
Macavity is around.
He appears lurking  but withdraws.
And the cats come out again.
Munkustrap once again states.
The celebration begins.
Grizabella shows up once again refusing to be left out.
Once again  she is.
Shunned  but that does not stop her from singing.
Grizabella leaves.
The cats sing.
What happiness is.
Gus shuffles forward.
He is the cat but now he is old and suffers.
Once was a famous actor.
Makes his paws shake.
He is accompanied.
Who sings in the theatre.
Skimbleshanks is sleeping.
He is unofficially.
He is very clever and very important.
If he is gone the train ca nt start.
Another crash and an evil laugh is heard.
It is indeed Macavity.
He kidnapps Old Deuteronomy.
Demeter and Bombalurina sing.
Suddenly  Old Deuteronomy comes back again  led.
Demeter realizes and exposes him.
Old Deuteronomy is an imposter.
It is Macavity.
Macavity battles after trying to kidnap Demeter  eventually escaping.
The Rum Tum Tugger suggests they find Mr Mistoffelees to help them look.
Mr Mistoffelees is black and small and can perform many feats  and succeeds in bringing back Old Deuteronomy.
No other cat can do.
He is praised.
The Jellicle choice can now be made.
Old Deuteronomy sits down.
Grizabella appears.
Old Deuteronomy allows her to have a chance to address the cats.
Her faded appearance and lonely disposition have little effect.
The appeal succeeds.
She is chosen to be the one.
A large tire rises up.
Once Grizabella finishes the journey herself.
Old Deuteronomy gives his last speech.
The show ends.
<EOS>
Seetha Kalyanam is the story.
Sita s father King Janaka arranges a swayamvara.
He announces a contest and declares that.
Whoever can wield Shiva Dhanush will be given Seetha s hand.
Rama  the prince  wields the bow and marries Sita.
Several kings and princes fail to do so.
<EOS>
Tagline .
One is your depravation.
Women to a girl captive in an elevator.
Other stories are tied  a female teacher  a teenager s deception  the adventure of two porn actors  and the amusing plans of a single man  and Cero y van cuatro  Fernando Sarinana.
Who is flirted.
Joins again.
Who find love.
Who just wishes to be kind  From the producer and director of Todo el poder.
<EOS>
Lawrence Bourne III is a spoiled rich kid.
Lawrence Bourne Jr.
Lawrence escapes his angry debtors.
To pay his son s debt.
Jumping to Southeast Asia.
There he is assigned to build a bridge with Washington State University graduate Tom Tuttle and the beautiful  down-to earth Beth Wexler.
Is lord Chung Mee.
What they do not realize.
The bridge is coveted.
<EOS>
Armed forces stationed  he was a son of a drunkard pal of the Germans  the destruction of a German military airport in Crete.
Nikitas and Lefteris  leader loved each other with the same lady Martha.
The resistance blew up a bridge.
The commander was strangled.
The Germans saw Lefteris s father and Martha.
When they helped  Nikitas did not help  since he thinks.
It occurred a small resistance team.
Aimed  brought a rough battle and freed his father and Martha.
<EOS>
23rd century.
A reconnaissance starship discovers a dead alien spaceship.
The crew are found to be humanoid bodies  made.
One humanoid woman appears to be alive but has memory loss and is brought back.
Scientist Sergei Lebedev settles her.
Some time later  Niya finds out.
She has supernatural abilities.
Prof.
Ivanova finds a special neurocenter.
Can be used to control the humanoid clones.
Niya suddenly remembers her home planet Dessa.
Where businessmen eager destroy nature.
A rescue mission is sent to her home planet.
Her brain falls.
When she arrives there.
Who is trying to make the Earth expedition fail.
However  Niya is strong enough to resist the control and saves her civilization.
<EOS>
Radio singer Tony Martin s rating are slipping  so he makes travel plans to find new talent.
The Ritz boys get wind.
Marjorie Weaver and the Ritz Brothers make a trip.
There they pose.
Order to be discovered.
<EOS>
Claude Eastman is a composer and the conductor.
Who has recently married beautiful Daniella  a much younger woman.
He sends a message Norman Robbins to keep an eye on his wife  but the message is garbled by Claude s Italian valet Giuseppe.
Travelling. 
Norman hires a private detective named Keller to investigate her.
The private eye s report   is.
Comes. 
Daniella had an assignation - who is well known as a ladies man.
Claude at first does nt directly confront Maxmilliam.
It is.
When Maxmillian eventaully meets Daniella.
Where Claude  overwhelmed  duels Maxmilliam with violins by playing Csardas  the famous composition of Vittorio Monti.
Claude confronts Daniella   only not the one.
Who feels guilty because she is keeping a secret.
He thinks it is.
Claude is enraged.
When she tells him that it s no big deal.
An elaborate plan to kill Daniella and frame Max runs through his mind.
He conducts Tchaikovsky s Violin Concerto.
Afterwards   unforeseen circumstances intervene.
When he tries to carry out his plan.
<EOS>
Avinash is an action thriller  featuring Mithun Chakraborty  Parveen Babi  Poonam Dhillon  Prem Chopra  Kalpana Iyer  Tom Alter  Anil Dhawan  Avtar Gill and Sujit Kumar.
<EOS>
John Howard Payne leaves home and begins a career.
Payne begins to lead a life of disrepair soon leading to ruin and depression.
He thinks of better days  and writes a song  Home.
<EOS>
The last are aroused by prison inmate Ronald Perkins.
Years after officer Dwayne Hooper s son disappeared.
Dwayne searches Perkins  house and discovers a collection featuring the missing victims from the past.
Dwayne kills Perkins.
But things get complicated.
When a wave sweeps the town  with reports of Dwayne s own son amongst the marauding psychopaths.
<EOS>
The movie broke.
An Insult.
The Traitor.
The Secret Marriage.
Arrest.
Transported.
Botany Bay Settlement.
The Recognition.
The Mark.
The Confession.
Kind-Hearted Warder.
A Sensational Escape.
A Cold Bath.
The Police Baffled.
Black Sal s Strategy.
Rescue.
Acquitted.
A Good Friend.
The Dismissal.
<EOS>
Yat-tong has got a new flat mate named Leslie.
Unfortunately Leslie soon gets divorced and is deeply immersed in sorrow.
She breaks away from the sad history and starts her new life.
They get along so well.
Obviously they are turning to be something more than friends  at least everyone around expects that would happen sooner or later.
Maybe just a matter.
However  they have a large barrier.
Leslie s ex-husband is the elder brother.
That means  they are indeed.
Truly  this is not just a matter.
<EOS>
The film tells the story.
He s trying to find his way.
He has an easygoing lifestyle.
He works.
The film begins.
He describes his father  Bernardo Perelman.
Perelman   is a popular public defender.
He s known.
Who meets his clients where they work or so he can determine what they are all about.
Most are generally poor.
He s very close.
His wife died fifteen years ago.
Work fills Perelman s days.
Ariel is astonished.
Who takes his class.
She teaches.
Not much happens.
Sandra is sued.
Ariel reaches out and wins the law suit.
Sandra falls in love with the younger Perelman.
They marry.
She begins to decorate their home.
They have a child.
They name Gaston  who is a quite charming young boy.
Ariel s university building is shut down.
It had collapsed.
He is given some time off.
However  he does nt share this news.
His father starts spending some quality time with Ariel.
Makes him think something must be wrong.
Ariel is asked.
Gaston attends to participate and swim classes with the other fathers.
Ariel first rebels but gives in.
The film ends at Ariel Perelman s life in his.
<EOS>
Young couple Katie and Micah have recently moved to the suburbs.
Katie claims.
An evil presence has haunted her periodically and believes that it is still following her.
Each night  Micah mounts a video camera.
Occurs while they sleep.
The first night  the camera records running footstep noises.
Katie hires psychic Dr Fredrichs.
Who assesses that she is being haunted.
He says.
The demon feeds off negative energy.
Its intent is to torment Katie no matter.
Where she goes.
He advises them not to taunt or communicate and to contact demonologist Dr Johann Abrams for help.
Micah does not take it seriously.
Katie seems interested.
The camera captures a low rumble and the bedroom door moving by itself.
Demonic noises are heard before Katie awakes from a nightmare.
A loud thump is heard.
Micah begins to taunt the demon and the phenomena worsen.
Night  Katie is awoken by a noise in the hallway before a screech and a loud thud.
The chandelier is found to be swaying.
When they investigate downstairs.
Micah later captures a demonic grunt.
Night  Katie gets up and stares at Micah sleeping for two hours before going outside to sit on the backyard swing.
Micah tries to convince Katie to come inside.
She refuses.
He hears a bang and finds.
When Micah goes inside to get her a blanket.
The bedroom TV turned on.
Micah is then startled.
Who followed him inside but says that he woke her up.
Katie remembers nothing the next day.
Katie  irritated to the situation  becomes irate.
When Micah brings home a Ouija board.
The two go out  leaving the Ouija board in the living room.
The curtains and plants start to blow around.
The Ouija board s planchette moves erupts on the board and extinguishes itself.
Micah sprinkles talcum powder in the hallway.
They find non-human footprints leading.
When the couple is awoken.
Micah finds a burnt photograph of a young Katie.
Was previously thought to have been destroyed.
Night  loud footsteps wake the couple up and are heard running out of the bedroom slamming the door.
The demon continues on the door.
When they leave to investigate.
Dr Abrams is unavailable  so Dr Fredrichs comes instead.
When Micah finally agrees to invite him.
Dr Fredrichs immediately has a sense of dread and apologetically leaves despite their pleas for his help  stating.
His presence is only making the demon angry.
The bed covers move  the closet light turns on and off.
A shadow is seen.
Katie is woken up.
Micah discovers a woman.
Who became possessed and killed herself.
Katie is pulled out by an unknown force during the twentieth night and discovers bite marks on her back.
Later Micah finds.
Katie gripping a cross so tightly that it bloodies her palm.
Katie insists  her voice flat.
As he is set to leave.
They will be okay now.
The following night Katie gets out and stands beside it staring at Micah for approximately two hours and then walks downstairs.
Katie screams Micah s name  waking Micah.
Who rushes.
The camera records Katie screaming incessantly.
Then Katie s screaming stops.
A brief silence is followed coming up the stairs.
Micah s body is violently hurled at the camera  knocking it over sideways and revealing Katie standing in the doorway.
She then slowly walks.
Crouching over his body  she sniffs Micah s body and then slowly looks up.
Her face takes.
She lunges.
As the scene cuts.
An epilogue text states.
Micah s body was discovered  and that Katie s whereabouts remain unknown.
The film featured a different ending.
After going downstairs on the final night and waking Micah with a scream  only Katie is shown returning to the bedroom  holding a large bloody kitchen knife  her shirt bloodied.
She sits  holding the knife and rocking herself  until about 2 p.
M. 
The next day  calls and leaves a message expressing her concern.
When her friend Amber.
M. 
That night  Katie is still sitting and rocking.
Amber can be heard entering the house.
Katie stops rocking.
She resumes her motion.
When Amber screams and runs out.
M. 
Police enter the home and discover Micah s body.
A light turns on down the hallway.
They are checking Micah.
The light turns off again.
The police see it.
They discover Katie  still sitting.
She wakes and seems confused.
They call.
They ask her to drop the weapon.
She approaches them  knife  calling for Micah.
Suddenly the bedroom door shut  startling them and causing them to shoot Katie.
Who collapses.
The police then call dispatch and check the bedroom  but find nothing.
They discover the video camera  still running.
A dedication to and a picture are then shown.
The original ending was available for a time for viewing on the Internet before Paramount exerted a claim of copyright on the material.
Katie gets out of bed and stands staring at Micah.
She did  except she does not move to Micah s side of the bed.
About three hours pass  then she finally goes downstairs.
She lets.
Wakes Micah up.
He runs downstairs.
The screaming continues.
The sounds are heard.
The noises abruptly stop.
There is silence.
Loud footsteps are heard.
Katie then walks.
She closes and locks the bedroom door.
She then lifts.
The knife and slits her own throat  then falls.
<EOS>
The movie is divided.
The Overnight Nation is sixty-nine minutes long.
He joins Philanthropy.
Order to stop Metal Gears.
Snake teams up attempt to find out.
What s really going on.
The movie is set  taking place before or right after the first part of Metal Gear Solid 2  Sons of Liberty.
A quote states  Philanthropy explores ideas such as genetics.
Is a recurring theme  memetics  the study of how culture  habits  and information evolve  expand  how it is used and abused.
There is currently no word.
When the two proposed sequels will begin production.
<EOS>
The story centers.
Who works and lives in a boardinghouse in New York.
Into her life comes a generous benefactor.
Who gives her a million dollars.
Pam is excited.
Who lives.
Much seem to change overnight.
They are not as overjoyed.
She imagines they would be  and rather resent her.
Her boyfriend tells her and breaks it off with her.
She s an Elsie Dinsmore.
Pam finally decides on a course  as well as those around her.
Makes her happy.
<EOS>
A witch named.
Mamba is tortured and skinned alive.
Her skin and organs are then used to make a cursed game.
They are granted a wish  however.
A player wins the game.
A player loses the game they are killed.
Present day  Jason   acquires the board game.
Shopping and Tomas  girlfriend Lisa.
The three friends travel back.
A party occurs on the beach.
Jason meets Erica   causing most to leave  leaving behind only Jason  Erica  Tomas  Lisa  Elena  Miguel and Pablo.
It begins to rain.
Erica suggests.
The group should play the game  to which they all agree.
However  Pablo is soon eliminated and takes Tomas  car to go and get beer.
Pablo stops to urinate  but falls over the edge of a cliff.
He survives the fall  but is barely alive.
A group then attack Pablo  gouging out his eyes and killing him.
Meanwhile  Miguel  Lisa  Elena and Tomas also lose the game   cutting the game short.
Detective Izar arrives and alerts the group.
The group attend Pablo s funeral.
Where Erica realizes his death mirrors the games prediction.
Tomas  Lisa and Miguel travel to a wood-cutting factory   to have a photo shoot.
Belongs but is currently empty.
She feels unwell and stops the photo shoot and leaves.
Lisa models.
Miguel is attacked by snakes.
He attempts to climb a stack  but a snake bites him.
He falls.
Kill him.
Meanwhile  Jason and Erica start up a romance.
They witness ghostly versions.
They are.
They receive a call telling them of Miguel s death.
Jason and Erica meet Tomas  Lisa and Elena.
Where they tell the others they suspect the group are dying.
Tomas  Lisa and Elena remain skeptical however.
Lisa becomes more ill.
Jason  Erica and Elena have left.
Tomas tends.
The pair go.
The following morning  Lisa has aged significantly and is rushed to hospital.
Jason  Erica and Elena arrive and tell Detective Izar their theory about the game.
They then go in to see Lisa.
Elena becomes distraught and about her friends deaths  leaving despite Tomas  attempts to get her to stay.
Lisa soon dies  prompting Jason  Erica and Tomas to seek answers.
They find Malek.
Where he is no longer handicapped.
He explains.
He won the game and wished to no longer be handicapped.
Meanwhile  Elena is traveling home in her car.
When she is involved.
Her car leaks gas.
A broken electrical wire ignites it  burning Elena.
Jason  Erica and Tomas go.
Where they find Detective Izar looking.
Jason and Erica escape.
Tomas is caught.
Who puts him.
Later  Jason receives a call  but Tomas attempts to escape.
The Detective shoots him dead.
Jason and Erica decide to play the game in hope.
They can win and wish for it to be a week  so their friends would be alive.
Erica is eliminated  and realizes.
Her death will involve the sea.
Jason wins the game  and will get his wish as long.
He passes the game.
Jason and Erica go.
Erica discovers  so she enters the sea.
She must die to get his wish.
Jason wakes up and rushes out to save her.
Detective Izar shows up and takes the game away and leaves.
Erica then emerges and reveals herself to be Mamba  granting Jason his wish.
However  Jason and his friends then become trapped  forced to relive the week again and again.
<EOS>
An American military patrol discovers a spaceship.
Has. 
A nearby Nazi unit also sends a patrol to investigate the crash and to capture the aliens.
Possible. 
<EOS>
The story is set and opens with images of a Soviet military parade on the Red Square.
A high-ranking Soviet intelligence officer defects to the West with his wife and daughter.
CIA agent Nordstrom debriefs him and learns.
Russian missiles are to be posted.
Nordstrom enlists the aid Andre Devereaux  encouraging him to accompany his daughter Michele on her honeymoon with journalist Francois Picard as a premise to get him to New York.
Andre accepts.
His wife Nicole is worried.
Andre entrusts a familiar contact  Philippe Dubois to get hold of some seriously damaging papers concerning Soviet plans in Cuba from the visiting Cuban official Rico Parra.
Parra is to appear at the United Nations and stays at the Hotel Theresa in Harlem to show solidarity with the masses.
Dubois  taking the identity from Ebony  sneaks into the embassy  manages to take photos of some of the documents and then runs away  chased by Cuban revolutionaries.
Dubois shams bumping and overthrowing Andre   and slips the camera into his hand.
Cunningly dodging away.
Who was watching events.
A Cuban guard helps Andre to get up  stares  and lets him go.
The photos confirm.
The Soviets are secretly transporting and placing missiles.
Devereaux  unheeding  jets off to Cuba to find out more details.
He catches up  she acts undercover and collects information as Parra s lover.
Andre   finds Parra leaving Juanita s mansion.
Devereaux asks her to somehow take photos of the missiles.
They are unloaded at the harbour.
But Juanita s people are arrested and tortured.
Parra s man   recognizes Andre s face from the incident in front of the hotel.
Parra   confronts Juanita and  hugging her  shoots her to save her from being tortured to death.
Who has heard that Juanita is their leader.
Juanita is seen from overhead  her dress spreading out on the floor like a bloodstain on the big black-and-white pavement tiles.
She collapses.
Andre is searched thoroughly.
The Cuban authorities are unable to find the carefully hidden microfilms.
Provide crucial information about Soviet activities in Cuba.
He finds his home empty  his wife deserted him due and returned to Paris.
When Andre arrives back.
He is also recalled.
He is informed about the existence of a Soviet spy organization called ` Topaz  within the French intelligence service.
He leaves.
He is given the name certain member  NATO official Henri Jarre.
Who leaked documents.
He attempts to get to the bottom of the leak.
His daughter Michele wants to reconcile her parents.
He invites some  including Jarre  to a lunch at a fine restaurant  Chez Pierre.
Andre tells the others.
Jarre eats.
Order to provoke some reaction.
Jarre answers.
All this is a piece  since he knows that the Russian official in fact died a year ago.
But he begins to panic  and visits the man.
Who is the leader.
But Granville   is waiting for somebody.
A woman arrives.
Jarre is leaving Granville s house.
It is Nicole  Andre s wife  and  Devereaux  Nicole and Granville were old friends together in the French Resistance.
They kiss we see a photo.
Devereaux sends his son-in-law Francois to interview and extract information.
Francois calls Devereaux.
The call is cut short.
Devereaux and Michele rush together  and find him dead.
Francois has disappeared.
Andre and Michele return.
A short time later Francois arrives  he was clubbed  but came to and managed to escape.
He has overheard a phone number and shows a sketch.
Nicole  then turns around and tells her family.
Who was staring.
The phone number is Granville s  so he must be the leader.
Granville is exposed and then either apparently commits suicide or flees.
<EOS>
The film is centered.
Who moves and runs.
He s been with since he was a child.
Spencer is plagued  winning the girl of his dreams  finding success in his new job  and dealing with his two ambiguously-oriented roommates  is a contest.
Who are obsessed.
<EOS>
Conjoined twins Bob and Walt Tenor try to live.
Normally as possible.
Outgoing and sociable Walt aspires to be a Hollywood actor  however.
Whereas shy  introverted Bob prefers the quiet life.
They run Quikee Burger  a diner   a testament to how skilled and in sync Bob and Walt are with each other.
Guarantees free meals.
Bob is the shyer  and carries on a long-distance relationship with a pen pal named May Fong  and is unaware.
Walt is comfortable socializing.
Whom he has never met.
They are conjoined twins.
Pene gets a role.
Bob stays as much in the background.
He has a tendency to get stage fright.
Walt decides to follow his dream to Hollywood and persuades his hesitant brother to go along for the ride.
They rent an apartment and become friends with fellow aspiring actress April Mercedes.
Walt explains.
When she expresses curiosity.
They share a liver that is mostly Bob s  and that because surgical separation provides a high risk  Bob would not consent to the surgery  even though Walt favored it.
Walt s efforts to find acting work are fraught with difficulty.
His agent  Morty OReilly  is little help  offering to get him a job in a pornographic film.
Cher is upset.
She has ended up starring.
She wants out   certain the show will get cancelled.
She decides to hire Walt.
The producers  realizing Cher s scheme  foil it.
The show is a surprise hit.
Walt becomes famous.
Walt arranges to come to California.
Bob and May Fong develop a romantic relationship   sometimes using creative solutions.
He did this.
The twins  attempt to keep their conjoined nature a secret proves challenging  especially since Walt must accompany the new couple everywhere.
Eventually however   she concludes.
When May discovers the twins.
They are a homosexual couple rather than brothers.
May is nonetheless at the deception  and flees.
Bob shows May that they are indeed conjoined twins.
Morty informs the twins.
Word has leaked being conjoined.
The twins decide to embrace it.
Rather than hide this.
They both become huge celebrities  making commercials and appearing with Jay Leno.
He knows.
Walt enjoys this success.
Bob is unhappy because he misses May.
Resolving  Walt demands they be surgically separated.
Bob needs to be independent in order to be happy.
Bob refuses.
Walt eventually convinces him to acquiesce    they eventually end up spending the night   Bob was behind the wheel sober.
He changes his mind.
He starts to make a fool by getting drunk and accidentally snatching a woman s purse.
Though Walt was drinking.
They get.
When they are released the following morning.
Bob decides to go.
May shows up and apologizes to Bob for running out the way.
She did.
Bob informs her   he knows.
They re getting separated.
She does not want them.
It s best.
May and April keep a vigil until learning.
The surgery was successful.
Bob and May   decide to move back.
Being small-town people.
Bob finds the separation and is unable to do the things by himself  such as maintain Quikee Burger s three minute challenge or play hockey.
The twins used to do together.
Walt   loses his job  and finds it difficult to find subsequent work.
When Honey and the Beaze is canceled due.
He is also emotionally devastated.
What s best.
One year later  Walt and Bob are back running the restaurant together  Bob and May have married.
May is pregnant.
The twins simulate their former conjoinment.
Attaches them.
Walt finds creative fulfillment continuing  including a musical.
Which he and Meryl Streep play Bonnie and Clyde.
<EOS>
The last prophet.
Who. 
He loves.
Ex Cathedra follows the story.
Kevin s mundane world is falling apart and through seemingly accidental circumstances.
Is lured.
He meets Alexis.
Who has already to succumbed.
Could Kevin be the only chance.
Alexis has to escape this bleak existence.
<EOS>
Alison Gertz is an upscale and self-assured Manhattanite.
Gertz meets.
A bartender named Darren and has an one-night stand.
This results.
The film shows.
Gertz overcomes her fears and becomes an advocate educating high schoolers and collegians.
<EOS>
There are two sons - Arun and Vishnu.
Who look similar.
The hasty nature separates.
Vishnu stays.
The confusion and hasty nature is high in son Arun.
He grows up.
He wants to become an IPS officer.
He starts Security Agency.
He falls with Katherine but suspects her.
The suspicion is imbibed.
What Arun s mother had.
That leads to mental asylum.
He is treated.
The patient believes.
He is alright.
He is suffering and thus.
Confused state is a big question mark for the doctors.
His brother Vishnu takes up the case.
He had to pretend a lot to bring his brother in order.
Arun is made to believe so many things.
He comes out.
He received.
Arun is taken.
He has killed his wife and her brother when his mother dies from a fall.
Arun receives a blow to his head.
That is the main cause.
<EOS>
The plot revolves around the efforts of debate coach Melvin B.
Tolson to place his team on equal footing with whites in the American South during the 1930s  and lynch mobs were a pervasive fear for blacks.
When Jim Crow laws were common.
The Wiley team eventually succeeds to the point.
Where they are able to debate Harvard University.
This was their 47th annual debate team.
The movie also explores the social constructs during the Great Depression including not only the day-to-day insults and slights African Americans endured  but also a lynching.
Also depicted is James L.
Farmer  Jr.
Who   was on Wiley s debate team after completing high school.
Another character depicted on the team  Samantha Booke  is based on the real individual Henrietta Bell Wells  the only female member of the 1930 debate team from Wiley College.
Who participated.
Wells also happened to be a minor African American poet.
Whose papers are housed.
The key line  used several times  is a famous paraphrase of Augustine of Hippo  An unjust law is no law at all.
Another major line  repeated according to context  concerns doing.
What you have to do that we can do what we want to do.
These vital lines are spoken by the James L.
Farmer Sr.
And James L.
Farmer  Jr.
Characters. 
Historical background The film depicts the Wiley Debate team beating Harvard College.
They did not debate Harvard  however.
The debate depicted instead mirrored the match up between Wiley and the University of Southern California.
Who were the reigning debating champions.
Wiley College did indeed win this matchup.
The film omits another reality   the Great Debaters were not allowed to call  blacks were not admitted.
Though they beat the reigning champions.
Themselves victors because they were not truly considered to belong.
After World War II.
<EOS>
A master Mahjong player named match to win him back.
Fanny gets divorced and must play in the King of Mahjong.
She must rely to beat up the famous cheaters such as the Japanese woman  a very strong man  the triplets and much more and win allied with her classmates  master  and brother along with her Nipple Twister.
She plays.
The film ends.
She now had the power her ex-husband use to have.
<EOS>
A San Francisco earthquake orphan is adopted and gets wooed by a Romeo there.
She turns him down to return.
<EOS>
A group.
A new government law forbids women to operate heavy machinery.
Is determined to lift the ban.
Who will produce the greatest quantity.
The men are certain.
They will be victorious.
One  Ernst Hollup  is angered by his wife s involvement with the other team.
He demands.
She will resign and become a housewife.
The women develop a wagon.
Carries the molten iron and greatly simplifies their work.
They win the competition  as well as the respect.
The government lifts the ban.
<EOS>
Lingam  the younger son  leads life in his own way.
He along goes around town enjoying.
But Lingam s father is.
He often compares him.
Who runs a software firm.
Lingam falls with Radhika.
He decides to make her sister Indira enter wedlock.
Chandran takes Indira to Hyderabad.
But she comes.
Chandran is none and that had hid this truth to his family.
The onus now falls to set things right.
He promises Indira and Radhika.
He would bring his brother back.
But a hindrance is Boppala Ram Babu.
Who has a score to settle.
Does Lingam succeeds or not forms the climax.
The film also gained popularity appearing glamourous in the songs for the 1st time in her career.
<EOS>
Speedy Delivery follows David.
Intercut  the film explores David Newell s life of service  as both playing the character Mr McFeely and as director of public relations for Family Communications  Inc.
The parent company founded.
This company created and produced Mister Rogers  Neighborhood on air since its debut in.
The film follows David Newell.
He appears at the opening of the Schenley Plaza Carousel  meeting and greeting with fans.
Next  he travels to help open up a special Mister Rogers traveling exhibit  including a replica of the set.
Finally  he returns for two more appearances in Bridgeville  Pennsylvania and Cranberry Park.
All uses retrospective interviews with former cast members and current co-workers to discuss topics like Newell s childhood  the passing of Fred Rogers.
Where the character Mr McFeely came and what kept Mister Rogers  Neighborhood successful and authentic for over four decades.
<EOS>
Sydney Baxter  a jockey  tries to shield a friend.
He joins up and sets of to tour country race meetings.
Baxter goes to work and falls in love with his daughter  Betty.
Grayson gives Baxter the chance to ride his horse  Brigade.
Baxter is victorious.
<EOS>
A young man is recruited to watch a much older man s sexual liaison  but ends up witnessing.
What turns out to be his murder.
The next day the young man s opera diva mother  played  informs him.
His estranged father has been.
Seeking help  the young man comes across an eccentric actress.
Who has come totally unhinged.
The young man embarks on a madcap mystery  reminiscent of an Agatha Christie novel  with Paris as the backdrop.
<EOS>
Play Pals has recovered from bad publicity arising from Chucky s murder spree.
The company releases a new line and recycles Chucky s remains.
However  the soul still inhabited the remains.
Chucky is soon revived.
Chucky is unwittingly given to Play Pals  CEO Mr Sullivan.
Whom Chucky tortures and kills using various instruments.
He then uses computer records to relocate Andy Barclay.
Still troubled with Chucky  sixteen year old Andy has been sent to Kent Military School.
Colonel Cochran  the school s commandant  begrudgingly enrolls Andy  but advises him to forget his fantasies.
Andy befriends cadets Harold Aubrey Whitehurst  Ronald Tyler  and Kristin DeSilva.
Whom he develops romantic feelings.
He also meets Brett C.
Shelton  a lieutenant colonel.
Who routinely bullies the cadets.
Not long  Tyler is asked to deliver a package.
Andy arrives.
Tyler is fascinated after seeing an ad on the TV upon their comeback.
He realizes.
The package contains a Good Guy doll.
Excited  he takes the new toy and unwraps it.
Chucky scolds Tyler.
Freed. 
He was suppose to give.
But realizing  he decides to tells Tyler his true identity to take over his body instead.
He has a new body.
But  they are interrupted.
As Chucky is about to possess him.
Who takes the doll away.
Cochran throws Chucky.
Chucky escapes.
That night  Chucky attacks Andy and tells him his plans.
But  Shelton comes in and takes the doll.
Andy can attack Chucky.
Andy tries to get the doll back.
Shelton catches him.
The doll has vanished.
Andy tries to warn Tyler  but is initially unheeded.
Chucky lures Tyler into playing hide-and-seek in Cochran s office.
Where he attempts to possess the boy again.
However  they are interrupted and  moments later  Cochran himself.
Cochran is confronted.
When the cadets leave.
The resulting shock causes Cochran to suffer a fatal heart attack.
Shelton declares.
The school s annual war games will proceed as planned.
However  Chucky secretly replaces the paint bullets.
Chucky accosts Tyler  then threatens the boy.
When the simulation begins.
When he refuses to take part.
Tyler stabs Chucky  trying to find Andy.
Chucky then attacks DeSilva and holds her hostage  attempting to lure the teams.
Chucky forces Andy to exchange DeSilva.
Suddenly  the red team descends and obliviously opens fire with their live rounds.
Shelton is killed.
Amidst the chaos  Tyler makes a quick getaway.
Chucky tosses a live grenade at the quarreling cadets.
Recognizing the danger  Whitehurst bravely leaps and sacrifices himself to save the others.
Andy heads off in pursuit of Chucky  with DeSilva close behind.
Eventually the chase leads the group.
Ronald tries to get a security guard to help him.
Chucky kills the guard and kidnaps Tyler.
Chucky shoots DeSilva in the leg  leaving Andy to fight Chucky alone  once again.
Chucky seizes the opportunity to possess him.
When Tyler is inadvertently knocked out.
Andy intervenes  shooting him several times.
Enraged  Chucky attempts to strangle Andy.
Andy uses Tyler s knife to cut off Chucky s hand  dropping him.
Slices him.
Afterwards  Andy is taken away  but ensures DeSilva.
He will be okay  as he s dealt before.
DeSilva is taken.
The police car drives away.
Tyler s fate is never revealed.
A janitor walks around the park cleaning up the place.
All the rides are shutting down.
He then walks.
Where Chucky was killed.
<EOS>
The Honourable Richard Rollison is a well-known private detective.
Who has friends and contacts.
He likes to take  and is feared by the criminal underworld for his fearsome reputation of always getting his man.
Pretty young secretary Fay Gretton comes  worried and can not be contacted.
Her employer has not shown up.
Rollison breaks and finds a body - not that of Fay s missing boss  but the son of a millionaire businessman.
The missing man is the prime suspect.
It is up to get to the bottom of the case  aided by his East End contacts.
Including Fay being abducted and tied up  the truth is finally revealed  the missing man is found.
Rollison proves.
He is innocent.
<EOS>
The film begins.
15-year-old Danielle Miller has murdered a man  who was the latest lover.
Danny s father  Luke Miller describes the events.
Led. 
Army Air Forces hero Miller is in San Francisco for a parade in his honor  and meets Valerie Hayden at an art show.
Where one is being exhibited.
He is invited by Valerie  mother  Mrs Gerald Hayden.
Who offers him a job and dowry to marry Valerie.
He storms but is followed by Valerie.
Who says she is unable to go but that she admires him for having refused her.
A relationship develops.
The two marry   Sam Corwin predicts.
A former suitor.
The marriage will fail.
Luke Miller becomes a successful architect and refuses another offer of employment from his mother-in-law  however the influential and vindictive Mrs Hayden uses her contacts in the banking industry to ensure.
Miller is refused loans to help him build his business.
He relents and accepts a position.
Their daughter  Dani  is born.
The relationship begins to deteriorate with Miller declining into alcoholism  and Valerie indulging in a promiscuous lifestyle.
The marriage ends.
Mrs Hayden insists.
She divorce him.
Years pass.
Dani eventually becomes her mother s rival.
Back  Danny claims.
She was defending Valerie.
A verdict is ruled.
When the case is brought.
An investigation.
Where to place Dani.
Neither investigator Marian Spicer nor psychiatrist Dr Jennings can persuade Dani to open up.
She still refuses to reveal herself  Valerie reveals.
Danny was trying to kill her  and that the man was only killed when he tried to defend Valerie.
Valerie returns home and commits suicide.
Luke Miller tries to help Dani rebuild her life.
<EOS>
A training exercise goes terribly wrong.
When they find themselves pitted while trapped in an abandoned hangar  armed with nothing but blanks.
<EOS>
An aspiring poet has spent six months without leaving his apartment because of his obsessive delusions concerning cruel doctors  rappers  and spiders.
Meanwhile  a woman is dumped and finds herself flat broke on the streets of LA.
Who appears to curse things.
Soon she runs.
Our hero calls her at a phone booth trying to dial a talk line and invites her to his place.
There they are forced to aid each other.
<EOS>
Struggling to come after breast cancer  Julia gets more - the frank-talking sister of the.
She bargained.
OPEN YOUR EYES is a poignant and humorous look.
What it really means to be whole.
<EOS>
The film shows the everyday lives.
Who are obsessed and led by their passions.
Seven independent stories are told in a comical tone.
<EOS>
Jack Mosley is an alcoholic  burned-out NYPD detective.
His lieutenant orders.
Him to escort a witness  Eddie Bunker to the courthouse 16 blocks away to testify on a police corruption case before a grand jury at 10 a.
M. 
Bunker  a taxi driver  tries to be friendly  telling him of his aspirations to move to Seattle to become a cake baker with his sister.
He has never met.
Mosley is disinterested  and stops.
They are suddenly ambushed.
Mosley drags Bunker to take shelter and call for backup.
Mosley s former partner  Frank Nugent  and several other officers arrive.
Nugent and his men have ulterior motives  telling Mosley and try to frame Bunker at an officer.
Bunker is not worth defending as his testimony will likely in on the corruption scheme.
They kill him.
Mosley intervenes  rescuing Bunker and fleeing.
Mosley briefly stops Diane s apartment to retrieve guns and ammo  learning.
The police have already approached her.
He and Bunker take steps to further elude the police.
Mosley is wounded.
They become cornered search floor by floor.
Mosley calls the district attorney to arrange  but purposely gives the wrong apartment number  suspecting.
There is a mole involved.
They are able to escape.
Mosley is forced to treat the passengers.
The police follow them.
The bus crashes and is soon surrounded by the ESU.
Aware  Mosley allows the passengers to go free  using their cover to allow Bunker to sneak off the bus.
Nugent will likely order the ESU to raid the bus risking the safety.
Mosley finds a tape recorder  and prepares a farewell message to Diane.
Bunker returns to the bus   he is made to stand down by a superior officer.
Nugent is ready to fire.
Bunker had come to see Mosley and wants to be there.
Him to see this through.
Bunker s tenacity convinces Mosley to get  and manages to drive the bus into an alley  temporarily blocking the police from following them.
He finds.
Bunker has been wounded  and calls Diane  an emergency medical technician  to bring an ambulance around to help.
Mosley and Bunker s wounds are cared.
Bunker still needs further treatment.
The police stop her  but discover the ambulance empty  she had a second ambulance pick up Mosley and Bunker.
Diane s ambulance drives away.
Would not be.
Mosley gets off a block  and wishes Bunker luck in his bakery.
Bunker promises to send him a cake.
Mosley enters the courthouse  encountering Nugent alone.
Nugent reveals.
Should Bunker testify  not only will Nugent be convicted but so would Mosley.
Mosley ignores this  and continues.
Where the police and ESU are waiting.
One tries to shoot Mosley.
He is killed.
Mosley reveals.
He will be testifying  revealing that he had recorded the conversation with Nugent in the garage on the tape recorder and submits it as evidence.
Two years later  Mosley is freed from his reduced sentence.
Nugent and others wait out longer sentences.
He celebrates his birthday  and is surprised to find.
The cake had indeed come.
<EOS>
The film s narrative structure is a largely non-linear series.
Of which the audience ultimately learns are evoked from within edith s own memory as she dies.
The film is anchored at the beginning by predominance of elements from her childhood  and at the end with the events prior to and surrounding her death  poignantly juxtaposed by a performance of her song  Non  je ne regrette rien.
The film opens as a small child in 1918  crying on a stoop after being teased by other children on the streets of Paris.
Her mother stands  busking for change.
Edith s mother writes.
Who is fighting  informing him that she is leaving edith with her mother so she can pursue the life of the artist.
Her father returns and scoops up a sick edith  then in turn leaves the child with his own mother.
Who is a madam.
Now living is taken  especially Titine  a young troubled redhead.
A child  surrounded by the often brutal and demeaning business of prostitution  edith.
Who becomes emotionally attached.
Titine sings  plays with  and tenderly cares for edith through travails including an episode of keratitis-induced blindness.
Is healed to St.
Therese.
Years later  edith s father returns.
He takes the child away to join him.
He works.
She watches a fire eater practicing.
Edith is outside cleaning up night.
In the flames sees an apparition.
Who assures her that she will always be.
She carries for the rest of her life.
Her father leaves the circus and begins performing on the streets of Paris.
When edith is nine years old.
Edith holds a hat.
Edith is part.
The half-interested audience does nt leave.
Years later  a nightclub owner named.
Louis Leplee approaches edith while she sings for supper money with her friend Momone.
He invites her.
Impressed  he hires her.
Soon  Leplee is shot dead  suspected.
Who has demanded a large portion.
She is jeered and shouted off the stage.
When edith next attempts a show.
She soon meets her next mentor -- Raymond Asso  a songwriter and accompanist.
He enlivens her performances  and works with her on enunciation and other aspects of stage presence  including.
To battle her initial fierce bouts that almost prevent her from taking the stage for her first music hall performance.
Edith meets Marcel Cerdan  a fellow French national.
Performing. 
Who is a boxer competing.
Edith tells Momone.
She quickly learns that he has a wife  who runs their pig farm while he s away.
She is falling with Marcel.
The affair.
Ensues  while supposedly secret  results.
The morning  she wakes up.
Edith has persuaded Marcel to fly from Paris to join her in New York.
She joyfully hurries to get him coffee and her gift.
She mocks and exasperatedly shouts as they listlessly stand around her apartment.
They finally break the news.
Marcel s plane crashed.
Edith hysterically searches.
Was lounging just a few moments before  crying out the name of her lost lover.
The narrative bookends these scenes with repeated vignettes of an aged-looking edith with frizzy red hair  being nursed and tended to.
She spends much.
She has the stooped posture and slowness.
When she stands.
Another set shows edith with short curly hair  plastered to her face  and to the morphine addiction.
She is feverish  singing and collapsing while she tries to sing  a moment when edith herself realizes that her body is betraying her  when she is hosting a party at a Parisian bistro  and topples a bottle of champagne because of her developing arthritis.
Ultimately plays a large role  as she injects the drug with a young lover in her bedroom.
She travels with him  Jacques Pills.
Her husband persuades her to enter rehabilitation.
The audience sees the sober but manic-by-nature edith being driven around  laughing  joking  teasing her compatriots and generally being the life of the party.
She takes the wheel and promptly drives.
The hilarity is uninterrupted.
Edith gets out and pretends to hitchhike -- the whole episode appearing to be a metaphor to be happy and distracted by entertaining others  through all manner of disasters.
Years later  Piaf  now frail and hunched  squabbles.
Whether or not she will be able to perform.
No one thinks.
She will be ready to attempt the feat.
She ultimately faces this reality herself.
Then  a new songwriter and arranger shows up and edith exclaims  You re marvelous.
It s incredible.
It s me.
She announces.
She will indeed perform it.
Memories   are interwoven through the film  foreshadowing the tragic end to a stellar but prematurely ended stage life.
When she collapses onstage.
The memories appear to almost haunt Piaf.
Prior to  edith is finally ready to go onstage after a series of delays.
What turns out to be her last performance.
When she asks that she always wears.
She sits and   experiences more memories of her past.
Her staff rush away to get it.
The film presents more flashbacks  Je ne regrette rien.
Edith puts and shuffles out onto the stage.
She is singing one.
She relives a sunny day.
When an older edith graciously answers the simple and polite questions of an interviewer  what is her favorite color.
You were to give advice  what would it be.
.
.
Louis easily carries edith  tiny and wasted away  into her bedroom and tucks her into bed.
Though he is carrying a swaddled infant.
The subtitle removes any illusions that this is other.
She is afraid.
She says.
She can not remember things  but has a disjointed series that somehow define all our lives more than the big moments do -- scrambled and fragmentary as a dying person might experience -- her mother commenting on her wild eyes  her father giving her a gift of a doll  and thoughts of her own dead child  Marcelle.
The film ends.
Is implied.
<EOS>
An aspiring beauty queen Danielle Stevens and her overbearing mother Cathy Stevens may have resorted to ensure a win in an upcoming pageant.
An investigation reveals the suspects to be the former lover Riley Baxter s stepmother Patrice  rival contestant Danielle  and Danielle s highly ambitious mother Cathy.
It turned out.
The murderer was Danielle Stevens  who was found guilty and sentenced lifelong imprisonment.
She was already serving her prison sentence.
<EOS>
We start with flashbacks featuring a Goofy-like version of Christopher Columbus.
Who is given a cigar.
His three ships bring it back  with smoke floating from them.
A man rolls a cigar with a leaf and a midget lights it with a small torch.
We see the impact today.
Then we fade  in the role of George Geef.
Who is an extreme nicotine addict  smoking various cigarettes  cigars and pipes.
We watch him smoke and as he goes to bed  when he wakes up in the morning  as he shaves  as he drinks coffee and at work.
But soon his throat tickles and his eyes get irritated.
He can not blow out his matches.
So he throws away all and decides to quit.
It works fine  and feels.
He can do it.
But then the boss congratulates George.
He says.
He lights up a cigarette.
It ai nt easy.
I d quit.
It was.
Almost everyone still smokes.
George admits.
He loves smoking.
He babbles and runs out of the office like a madman  leading into the following montage  Throughout the rest of the cartoon  George is searching for a smoke .
He keeps crying  Smoke.
He tries to go.
It s now closed.
He then swipes a cigar.
He is about to light it.
A voice calls.
He finds some tobacco.
He then tries to roll his own cigarette the old-fashioned way  but fails.
He tries to pick up a discarded cigar.
A foot steps  flattening it and gets his hand in the process  leaving an imprint on his hand  Pussyfoot.
Reads. 
He picks up another cigar  but the door closes on the cigar.
So does the cigar.
The elevator rises.
He goes  but is kicked out.
It s only.
He struggles.
The hobo wins and bops him.
He tries to grab a cigar rolling down the street.
It falls.
He grabs.
What looks with a bunch of them.
It s actually a now-leaky fountain pen.
He picks up a white pipe.
It gets.
Blasted as a target in an amusement park shooting gallery.
A barker then says  And the little man wins a big cigar.
He eagerly holds out his hand to get it  and even tries to use a ladder to get it.
It s spent completely  nothing are left of the cigarette.
When he does.
Finally  an elderly gentleman gives him a cigar  but it s an exploding cigar.
George still smokes.
The narrator says  Give a smoker enough rope.
He ll hang  on.
<EOS>
The film starts.
ACP Bose is a sincere police officer happily married and lives and younger brother Chandu Tottempudi Gopichand.
Chandu is a college student.
He falls with his classmate Indu Anushka Shetty.
Enter Section Shankar Yashpal Sharma  the villain.
Who is notorious.
He kills anyone.
Who comes and does not leave any evidence or witness behind.
He takes a loan from a private bank with the help of a conniving DGP and a politician.
He kills the bank s chairman and puts the blame.
Order to avoid repayment.
Bose tries to stop Section Shankar.
Chandu also gets.
<EOS>
Three aliens   visit earth to know the true meaning of Christmas.
Who bear a strong resemblance.
Peter  a young boy  and Lucy  his goose  are the first to encounter them.
Unable to find the true meaning in town  Peter takes them to his family s house in the woods.
Marvin  one  steals Lucy.
Peter s grandmother tells the aliens.
Marvin falls through the ice in a lake.
Peter attempts to rescue him but falls.
The townsfolk   attempt to save the boys.
Who were out searching.
Their human chain is nt long enough to reach them.
The three aliens   decide to help.
Who had sworn not to interfere.
Order to learn the meaning.
The rescue effort is successful.
The townsfolk are quick to condemn Marvin  but have a change of heart.
When they realize that Marvin stole Lucy because he had nothing to eat.
Peter offers Marvin and his friends the chance to join them.
The aliens realize.
Family and the spirit are the true meaning of Christmas.
<EOS>
She almost loses her life  chasing the windblown pay check  over the guardrail of a bridge.
When Mary Beekman  Irene Ware  loses her waitress job.
Socialite Kenneth Alden  Sidney Blackmer  catches her.
He s lost everything.
Is nt already mortgaged.
Both down  they assume.
The other is there to jump off the bridge.
Instead  Mary has an idea.
They ll have enough money to pass Mary off in society  long enough to meet and marry a wealthy bachelor.
Ken sells shares  in a phoney beauty product.
Then  they can pay everyone back.
The con might work.
That Ken has too much integrity to marry.
When she falls.
Who has secrets.
The plot boils over.
When Mike shows up to blow the lid off.
There s a police chase.
Mary is hauled off  and  someone gets socked in the jaw.
It looks  but  it s not  in this curious  romantic comedy  about the social set  in 1930 s America  from Chesterfield films.
No one is going to end.
<EOS>
Chow  as in several  stars as Sing  a mainland country boy hoping to earn a living in Hong Kong.
He finds his luggage stolen  but soon becomes fast friends with the thief  Smart.
Together  they try to improve their financial situation.
Smart discovers Sing s special ability  his extremely strong right arm  and then convinces him to enter a martial arts tournament.
The two soon learn.
They need to be registered to compete.
Some scenes do bear some resemblance including the dojo fight.
Where the Japanese man is forced to eat the sign.
<EOS>
Firelight follows a group.
They investigate a series.
Are a dog  a unit of soldiers and young girl named Lisa.
Whose abduction induces a heart attack.
The film has sub-plots involving marital discord and the obsessive quest of Richards to convince the CIA.
Alien life does not exist.
The twist comes.
The Aliens  represented  reveal their purpose  to transport Freeport to their home planet Altaris and create a human zoo.
<EOS>
Max Tracey is the head waiter.
He falls at first sight with Sylvia Robertson  an aristocratic woman  and poses as a prince to win her love.
He is aided by Mr Westlake  a Ruritanian monarch.
Who owes him a favour.
She is appalled.
When Sylvia discovers Max s deception.
The situation is resolved.
When her father tells her that he was once a hotel dishwasher.
<EOS>
Ellsworth Bumpy Johnson is paroled by the warden.
Who is impressed while incarcerated  but believes Johnson does not regret committing the murder that sent him to prison.
Johnson returns and reunites with friends  most notably Illinois Gordon.
Johnson is quickly established.
His friends include Stephanie Madam Queen St.
Clair.
Who runs the numbers racket despite competition from the Italian Mafia.
Dutch Schultz  a Mafia associate  asks with the Queen.
Who reports.
Who declines the offer.
She disapproves.
Friends arranges for the Queen to be arrested.
The Queen asks Johnson to take charge during her incarceration.
The Queen instructs.
Johnson avoid bloodshed.
Schultz s men grow increasingly violent.
Most divides its attention between the mob war  and Johnson s relationships with other Harlem residents  most notably a romance with Red Cross nurse Francine Hughes.
Results. 
A key subplot centers.
Who wants to become a boss.
Who is pressured to keep Schultz in check.
<EOS>
Set  Teza tells the story of a young Ethiopian.
He returns.
Anberber comes back.
Working he witnesses a brutal murder and finds himself at odds with the revolutionary gangsters running the country.
He is ordered to take up a post in East Germany and uses this opportunity to escape to the West.
The Berlin Wall falls.
Ethiopia s military regime is overthrown.
Now aged 60  Anberber finally returns.
He feels alienated by his absence from home for so long and is disillusioned and haunted by his past.
He finds comfort.
<EOS>
Nico and Dani are two 17-year-old friends spending the summer together.
His parents are away traveling.
They aim to meet girls and lose their virginity.
They practice mutual masturbation and other sexual practices.
They meet a pair.
Nico is much more interested.
Dani is.
Nico has sex  making Dani jealous of her.
Dani realizes and tells him this  causing an argument.
He is.
Dani then goes out to get drunk and meets a gay writer friend.
Dani proposes and returns home to Nico.
The two have sex  but runs away.
The friends reconcile.
<EOS>
The Movie is.
Who returns after seven long years of working hard in the Gulf.
He now plans to settle.
Whatever he managed to save over the years.
The movie traces his plight to spend the rest of his life running a bus in a state.
Where employee strikeouts are a common day-to-day event.
Forms the crux.
He finally has to return back.
<EOS>
Min-joon is a believer and always very dedicated to her current boyfriend.
However  men always break up - her latest boyfriend ends their relationship on her boy friend s birthday.
Distracted  she bumps into a car and a man steps out of it.
Who turns out to be her new boss  Robin Heiden.
Heiden has very clear ideas  both are a game of power.
Min-Joon seeks advice.
She does nt want to get dumped again.
However   she realizes  she does nt see love and never will.
When she starts to treat men like Heiden treats women.
She prefers her older behavior  even if that means that she gets dumped again.
Heiden   starts to soften.
Who has to deal  as he loved a woman so much that she had to shoot him to get the message across that she was nt interested in him.
He eventually falls with her.
Both get.
One is.
Robin Heiden speaks only English because he finds Korean hard to speak  while Min-Joon speaks.
The two seem to understand each other perfectly.
This was a new style.
It is partially credited.
<EOS>
Yamuna  one  comes to Madras from finishing her studies.
Major Madhavan is the husband.
Who infatuates after seeing a photo in a letter sent by Yamuna.
Meanwhile  Yamuna meets Jeeva.
Who gives his ticket as she had not taken her own.
Later one day  Jeeva decides to express his love to Yamuna by writing 1 4 3 in a letter and giving it to her.
But he witnesses a group beating a boy.
Who did the same thing.
So he crumples the letter.
It is found.
Who realizes his love.
One day tries to remove the dirt.
When they were walking together Jeeva.
He kisses her.
Yamuna is angry.
Jeeva senses it and gets wet and gets a cold.
Hearing this Yamuna meets him.
Jeeva expresses.
She is the only medicine.
He needs her.
Yamuna promises.
She will marry him.
Jeeva jumps into her house and presents her a puppy.
One day  fearing  he decides to marry her.
Yamuna s father might not marry him.
But Yamuna refuses.
Jeeva leaves angrily.
Meanwhile Madhavan settles his father-in-law s debts and earns his trust.
He also pays.
But his wife is unaware.
One day Madhavan s wife finds it and starts to realize his true identity.
Madhavan then expresses his love affair to his wife.
This makes her so upset.
She attempts to go and live.
Madhavan prisons her day.
He tells her that she can go by flight and tricks her by putting a sleeping-pill in milk and makes her drink it.
She falls unconscious.
Madhavan then murders his wife  and lies to everyone.
She died.
He then makes.
Yamuna and her father stay to look after his baby.
He has other plans.
Hearing this Jeeva comes.
One day he sees Yamuna.
Who ignores him.
Later he sees her carrying the puppy.
He presented and tells why she needs the puppy when she does not need him.
Yamuna leaves the puppy.
Later that night Yamuna comes to take the puppy.
Jeeva sees this and realizes.
She really loves him.
Couple later Yamuna s father decides to get Yamuna married to Jeeva.
This shocks Madhavan and he decides to stop the marriage.
Yamuna s family meets Jeeva.
A Singh dashes.
Jeeva was talking.
And Madhavan steals Jeeva s purse.
He argues.
When Jeeva senses his purse missing.
Later he suspects Madhavan and wants to check him.
This angers Yamuna s father.
He blindly believes Madhavan.
Later Madhavan arranges some men to pour liquor and lay him in the middle of the road.
Madhavan makes.
Yamuna and her father believe that Jeeva is a drunkard.
Madhavan later gives Jeeva s flight ticket and wants to send him.
But Jeeva makes a fool and spends the day with Yamuna.
Madhavan makes his baby get wet in the rain and calls Yamuna to look for his baby.
Meanwhile Jeeva complains.
Who is a friend and higher officer.
He does not believe Jeeva.
Later he had presented.
When celebrating Holi  Madhavan asks Jeeva the puppy.
Jeeva gives it.
Madhavan purposely throws it.
The puppy dies.
Madhavan makes.
Everyone believe that Jeeva threw the puppy.
An argument ensues.
Madhavan tries to kill Jeeva but leaves him on behalf of Yamuna.
One day Hariharan finds the truth and questions him.
An enraged Madhavan arranges men and kills Hariharan  faking it to be a car accident.
Madhavan hides brown sugar and informs the police.
Jeeva lands.
One day  Madhavan tells him.
Meeting Jeeva.
He cruelly killed his own wife.
Yamuna overhears this and informs her father.
They plan to escape.
Madhavan arrives and hits Yamuna s father and holds her imprisoned in his house.
Jeeva escapes and arrives there.
A fight ensues.
Which Jeeva gains the upper hand.
Yamuna and Jeeva take the baby.
It fainted.
Yamuna s father locks the doors  opens the gas cylinder and lights a match stick.
Which they both die.
Jeeva is released from prison and is united with Yamuna and the baby.
<EOS>
The film focues.
Soup vendor Ah Gu is having a hard time dealing.
Nearby  young children are forced to raise their even younger siblings.
<EOS>
Mario Suarez  a middle-aged theatre director  is left holed up in his apartment  licking his wounds.
When his girlfriend Laura leaves him.
Seeking distraction  he throws himself.
One evening   he is introduced.
Meeting. 
Angelo asks Mario to audition Elena.
He does so and is immediately captivated.
Eventually  he takes her out and gives her a leading role.
An affair develops.
The possessive Angelo has her followed  and threatens her.
She leaves him.
Elena entered his life.
The investors are unhappy.
They do nt like a routine and torture.
Criticises the violent military repression.
Angelo has been given a small part.
He takes very seriously.
The lines begin to blur  during a scene in the musical showing immigrants newly arrived in Argentina  two men fight over the character played by Elena.
She is stabbed.
Only slowly do.
We realise that her death is not.
<EOS>
Three high school teachers  Ed  Doris  and Carl  are driving to a Dodgers game in Los Angeles.
The group s Chevrolet Belair has some trouble.
They are forced to pull off.
Ed concludes.
The fuel pump will need to be replaced.
Doris and Carl search the junkyard looking.
They can not find him.
Carl finds a warm meal with a table set for four.
Oddly enough nobody is.
The three realize.
This is very peculiar and start to seriously worry.
A rather large man wielding a Colt.
45  and his girlfriend Judy show up.
Charlie and Judy have spent the past several days heading west  leaving a trail of corpses behind them.
Law enforcement is.
Charlie has managed to stay a step.
Who offer their help.
Charlie demands.
Ed finish repairing the car and informs him that he and Judy will be stealing the Belair and taking off when Ed is done.
Charlie threatens.
If the three do nt cooperate it ll be the end.
Charlie and his girlfriend torment Ed  Doris  and Carl.
<EOS>
Legendary film director Donald Baines lies dying alone  watching the films.
He has devoted his life.
Having isolated himself  he now regrets many personal sacrifices.
The rejection brings him the most pain.
Donald saw him only once  30 years ago.
Late one night  Donald is awakened.
Who has been dead more than 35 years.
Suddenly Donald finds his deathbed transported.
Stan informs Donald three films - three visions - each vision representing a different period.
He has come to help and that he will show him.
The first vision brings Donald.
Who is.
A rebel and a romantic  Christopher proclaims his love.
He has only seen it all for an opportunity to spend some time with her.
A nagging voice   echoes  telling him.
Sounds. 
He is not worthy.
A wild romp marks the second vision.
He tries to escape an artistic maelstrom and finds himself face to face.
His life takes a brutal twist.
He finds but again loses his love.
The last vision is the return now.
Donald sees.
A mature man  wearied has thrown him.
Again looking  this is his last and perhaps only chance of.
To rid himself.
What he imagines to be his father s haunting disapproval.
<EOS>
The Cosmonaut starts.
When Stas and Andrei arrive  where the first cosmonauts trained to go into space  and where a race against the clock to beat the Americans into space takes place.
Stas and Andrei will witness first-hand the political plots  the fights and the successes and failures of the Soviet Union in some of the greatest achievements of the 20th century.
They will meet Yulia  a communications technician.
Whom they will strike up a strong friendship  always close to love but never consummated.
The Cosmonaut is the story.
Happened. 
The team  one of the youngest ones in Spanish cinema  has spent a year preparing the portrayal of a period  with meticulous photography  art direction and acting.
Has never been told before  full.
The main influences are the works of some of the world s most renowned filmmakers.
The project s dossier.
Project Dossier mentions specifically the names  among others.
There are many links especially.
These ties are more evident  among others  the names of Eduard Artemyev  and Marina Tarkovskaya.
The fictional Program K   is based.
Whose hummingbird icon is one  and which also gives its name to the virtual community of producers of the film.
Attempted to place a Soviet cosmonaut.
<EOS>
Fur trapper Jason Starbuck comes.
A general store owner challenges him.
His rider s fiancee  Roxana Reil  gives a helpful tip.
To win the race.
A romantic attraction develops.
Roxana s father advises her not to marry a man.
She does nt love.
Roxana sets sail  however.
Her boat is attacked.
Who kill her father and take Roxana captive  making her a slave.
Starbuck pursues her.
He is introduced.
S.
Consul. 
Who is impressed.
He is offered a position and given a slave of his own  Lilith.
Roxana has been sold.
Who could be plotting.
Starbuck challenges Omar  with the winner acquiring the other s rifle and slave.
Starbuck wins and intends to return home.
They are betrayed.
Who fights Roxana and tells Omar.
Starbuck is taken prisoner.
Lilith has a change  however.
Changes clothes to fool the guards.
They help rescue Starbuck.
Who leads the escape.
He throws Omar.
He and Roxana are free  and   Hassan is given a new slave  Lilith.
Jeff Chandler recorded the song.
I Should Care from the film.
<EOS>
The plot revolves.
Who grows up watching the fictional anime Luis Monde III.
She decides.
Animation is something she wants to do  and so enrolls.
She is delighted to find a job.
When she gets out.
The director shows her around and gives her the nickname Kuromi  a name meant to abbreviate her own.
Very soon arrives and leaves his post.
The director falls seriously ill.
Not  Time Journeys.
He appoints Mikiko  on the second episode of the studio s current anime.
The audience follows Mikiko s frantic attempts and schemes to convince the studio s artists to work harder and produce their key frames to send them for production.
Mikiko Kuromi Oguro is still working.
Thanks she did  she is now in charge of 3 anime series.
Luckily she has some help from a veteran producer in the form of Takashimadaira.
Unfortunately Takashimadaira is concerned only.
If it means cutting.
This leaves Mikiko.
Is the more important  the quality or the deadline.
<EOS>
A family must confront life-threatening decisions  they have to face a difficult new life.
They face an earthquake.
Grievances change and make an outcome.
Personal diffculites must be faced.
They realize that they must make these decisions to live a life.
A touching story to live life to the fullest in search of  longing Forgiveness and self recovery.
What truly is.
<EOS>
Shah Jahan was known.
When he was about 19 years old.
Khurram was Emperor Jahangir favourite son.
Whom Jahangir wanted to be the future Emperor and his wife Noor Jahan was well aware of this fact.
Noor Jahan was earlier married once.
Jahangir married her.
When her first husband died.
Ladli Begum was Noor Jahan s daughter.
Noor Jahan was a shrewd lady.
Who wanted the best.
She wanted to get Ladli Begum married.
That she become the Empress.
Khurram had a passion in a jungle  he met Arjumand Bano.
Theirs was a love.
Khurram gets attracted  while Arjumand got impressed by Khurram s great personality.
Arjumand Bano was Asaf Khan s daughter  Empress Noor Jahan s brother.
Khurram and Bano again meet.
Where finally both declared their love for each other.
Ladli Begum comes to know.
She keeps.
Noor Jahan sees this love.
She succeeds.
Noor Jahan sends her secret lover and the warrior Mahabat Khan to fight Khurram and to get Arjumand Bano killed.
Therefore a war takes place.
Which forces were also sent.
He declares.
When Khurram meet Jahangir.
Arjumand Bano was superior than the Mughal Dynasty.
These turn relations even more bitter.
But Arjumand Bano  agreed to forget Khurram and ask him to marry Kandahari Begum  an Iranian Princess.
Who was a peace-loving person.
Who was chosen.
Khurram due got married to Kandahari Begum.
Ladli Begum got married to Khurram s brother.
Khurram became Prince Shah Jahan and became the ruler.
Emperor Jahangir died.
He finally get married.
Who became Mumtaz Mahal  onwards they both lived happily.
Khurram has to leave.
Aarjumand is pregnant but she goes.
She used to accompany Shah Jahan.
Khurram tries to return back but takes long time to reach.
He forgets his way.
Mumtaz Mahal dies.
Giving birth.
Mumtaz Mahal asked Shah Jahan to construct her tomb in a beautiful mausoleum.
Would be so beautiful  that it could express their love to everyone who would visit the mausoleum.
Mumtaz s death was the greatest tragedy.
He becomes a completely reformed person.
He starts off to fulfill his wife s last wish and makes Taj Mahal as beautiful  In future his sons and daughter grow up.
Went on to become the Seventh Wonder.
Sons have a greed  they keep him in a room from.
Where he can easily see Taj Mahal.
He sees his sons fighting to become the Emperors of India and the Mughal Dynasty.
Everywhere there is violence and warfare.
Beheading and even brothers is no big deal for anyone.
Khurram dies.
Looking. 
Taj Mahal show Shah Jahan.
Took an astonishing 22 years to be made.
His body was laid down next to his love hence resulting in the culmination of their love after death.
Plot review.
<EOS>
The film portrays the relationship and a young woman with borderline personality disorder.
<EOS>
She left her native country  Egypte.
When she was still young  Dalida  then Dalila.
Order to have her chance.
She met Lucien Morisse.
Who permitted her to start a beautiful career.
Dalida and Lucien got married finally but divorced soon.
Some others lovers would leave her.
Would push her.
But her wish to have a child.
Would never come true.
Finish her decline so that she decided to kill herself.
<EOS>
Former U.
S.
Army Special Forces sergeant Chris Vaughn returns.
Looking  he finds.
There is a new casino  owned by his school friend Jay Hamilton.
Is taking advantage.
Vaughn stumbles Deni.
Checking out the casino.
Who is now working.
Later  he notices.
The craps dealer use loaded dice and demonstrates this.
Vaughn is subsequently assaulted and manages to beat a number of them before being subdued with a taser.
The security staff take the unconscious Vaughn and torture him by cutting his torso with a stanley knife before dumping him on a roadside.
He is found and hospitalized  but recovers quickly.
Vaughn goes.
The Sheriff refuses to allow him to do.
Because the casino is viewed as too important  stating that because of their position.
The casino is considered a no fly zone.
Vaughn also learns.
His nephew  Pete  experimented.
Infuriated  Vaughn goes.
Using a piece as a club  brutally beats.
The security guards.
Vaughn is apprehended on the way home.
All of Hamilton s security and staff testify against Vaughn.
He fires his appointed attorney.
When the judge allows Vaughn to present his defense.
Who is implicitly.
Vaughn tells the jury and the rest of the town.
If he s cleared  he will run for sheriff and clean up the town.
To further prove his point  Vaughn reveals the grotesque scars from his being tortured by the casino staff.
He is then acquitted and wins the election.
He dismisses the entire police force and deputizes his friend  Ray Templeton.
Whom he knows will remain loyal and fight.
Vaughn and Templeton find drugs and head of security Booth  Templeton having planted them on him.
They take him.
They tear his truck apart.
He does not talk.
Vaughn assigns Templeton to stand watch.
He knows Hamilton will likely target his family.
Vaughn himself remains.
He is visited.
Who comes.
The two end up having sex.
The next morning  the former Sheriff and his deputies arrive.
Where they blow up Vaughn s truck and fire.
Booth pleads to let him out of his cell  prompting Vaughn to use Booth s perilous situation as leverage for information.
Booth reveals  but is immediately killed.
The old mill is where the drugs are being produced.
Vaughn manages to kill all with Deni s help.
Vaughn s parents  house is attacked.
Templeton and Vaughn s father are able to dispatch all.
Vaughn heads for the mill.
Where he discovers a meth lab as well as Hamilton  calmly waiting.
Hamilton attempts to kill Vaughn by dropping him through a trap door.
Vaughn drags Hamilton down and the two fall through a chute.
Vaughn   manages to tend.
Whose leg is injured.
Hamilton attacks him.
The two fight  with Vaughn ultimately coming out on top by beating Hamilton with a nearby uprooted tree.
Vaughn arrests Hamilton and   shuts down the casino.
<EOS>
John Little and Jimmy Price are police officers charged with enforcing the law.
Jimmy is chosen as Sheriff to the dislike of a few in town.
Jimmy works as hard.
He can.
Time and the town may be.
A radio ad  tick  tick  tick  running out.
The film summizes the story simply.
Is the sound.
<EOS>
A powerful wizard named.
Larigot is hunted.
Evading Divatox s Piranhatrons  Larigot transports himself to seek out his friend Alpha 5 and ask Zordon for help.
He ends up landing and quickly becomes weakened by the planet s ultraviolet light.
Seeking out regular animals to find Alpha he eventually finds a pack of chimps to take him with them.
Meanwhile   Rocky becomes impatient and makes a bad move  causing him to fall out and injure his back.
Practicing to fund the Angel Grove Youth Shelter with Adam and Tommy.
Justin  is particularly upset and goes to visit Rocky in the hospital.
Who is one.
He hides.
When Tommy  Adam  Kat and Tanya come to visit.
Inadvertently witnesses Zordon summon them  revealing their identities to him by mistake.
Bulk and Skull become.
Are suddenly accosted  but are rejected.
She needs two spirits.
She then spots two perfect specimens diving.
She captures them.
Using tracking devices  Tommy and Kat teleport to find Larigot.
Kat is nearly attacked.
Tommy wrestles  sending Kat over the edge of a large waterfall which injures her leg.
They find Larigot.
Who heals Kat s leg.
They return.
Divatox contacts Zordon and the Rangers using a telepathic transmission from Larigot s wife Yara.
Their baby Batel.
She threatens.
Them harm if Larigot does nt turn himself over.
She offers.
Her captured specimens  former Power Rangers Jason Lee Scott and Kimberly Hart.
Elgar tricks them and takes Larigot  leaving dummies.
When they go to meet.
To give chase  the Rangers are given new Turbo powers and powerful car-like Zords.
Justin joins them.
They board the Ghost Galleon  a ship undetectable.
However she detects their presence and sends Putripods after them.
They manage to subdue the creatures and join their Power Keys to traverse the dimensional barrier.
Meanwhile  Jason  Kim  Bulk and Skull open the bilge and everyone.
They are being held.
Kim is caught shortly after and becomes Divatox s prisoner again.
Meanwhile  the Rangers morph and track Divatox.
Kim and Jason are sacrificed to Maligore and made evil forcing the Rangers to fight them as well as Divatox s minions.
Larigot and Yara are reunited and use their powers to cure Jason and Kimberly.
Who help turn the tide.
Maligore awakens fully.
Divatox sicks him  the Rangers form the Turbo Megazord and defeat Maligore.
Leaving Divatox  threatening her revenge on the Rangers for ruining her plans.
Jason  Kim  Bulk and Skull are picked up.
The latter pair faint.
Later  Jason joins Tommy and Adam.
They win the competition  securing the Youth Center s funding.
Later  back bid Larigot and his family a fond farewell  the day having been saved once again.
<EOS>
David Gale is a prisoner.
His lawyer negotiates a half million-dollar fee to tell his story to Bitsey Bloom  a journalist from a major news magazine known for her ability to keep secrets and protect her sources.
He tells her the story.
He ended up.
Gale is head.
He loses a televised debate.
When he is unable to point.
Later  a graduation party  he encounters Berlin  an attractive female graduate student  corners the inebriated Gale and succeeds.
Who had been expelled.
She then falsely accuses Gale.
Later  she drops the charges and flees.
The negative publicity costs Gale his career  marriage  and reputation.
Constance Harraway  a fellow DeathWatch activist  is a close friend.
Who consoles him after his life fall apart.
However  Harraway is found raped and murdered  suffocated taped over her head.
An autopsy reveals  a psychological torture technique utilized.
She had been forced to swallow the key.
Gale and Harraway had both protested.
The physical evidence points to Gale   ironically  sentenced to death.
Who is convicted and is.
Bloom investigates the case in between her visits with Gale.
She comes to believe.
The apparent evidence does not add up.
She is also tailed several times by a figure.
Who turns out to be Dusty Wright  the alleged one-time lover and colleague.
Wright slips evidence.
Suggests Gale has been framed.
The real murderer videotaped the crime.
Bloom pursues this lead.
She finds a tape revealing that Harraway  who was suffering  had committed an elaborate suicide to look like murder.
She and Wright are both seen  showing.
They framed Gale.
Bloom does not find this evidence.
She tries to give the tape to the authorities in time to stop the execution.
She arrives.
As the warden announces that it has already been carried out.
The tape is then released  causing a media and political uproar.
Later  Wright receives the fee.
Bloom s magazine agreed to pay  and delivers it to Gale s ex-wife in Spain  along with a postcard from Berlin apologizing for the false rape accusation.
His ex-wife looks distraught  knowing.
Gale told the truth and that she effectively stole their child away.
Much later still  a videotape labeled Off the Record is delivered.
This tape picks up.
Where Wright confirmed that Harraway was dead.
It was.
Gale left his fingerprints.
The plot has some parallels  but with a different outcome.
<EOS>
Chester is desperate.
To impress his boss  he claims to have been a good soccer player and is badgered into coaching.
A girls  team called the Ladybugs.
The Ladybugs are sponsored and also includes the boss s daughter  Kimberly  as a player.
The team makes a dreadful start.
The boss is less than impressed.
Chester is engaged to Bess.
Who has a son  Matthew.
Matthew just happens to be a great soccer player.
Chester invites Matthew to watch the Ladybugs practice and to get some tips.
Matthew falls the second.
He sees her.
It is partly due.
Chester persuades him to dress and play for the team under the name Martha.
The team wins the rest of its games to get to the championship game.
Kimberly makes friends  not knowing.
She is.
Bess finds out.
Matthew has been dressing to play.
She becomes angry  making him drop Matthew from the team.
Kimberly   is also dropped.
Who has not been playing well.
The Ladybugs go down.
Matthew reveals to Kimberly and the rest of the team.
He is Martha.
His honesty fires the team up and  Kimberly scores the winning goal on a penalty kick.
Chester gets his promotion.
The Ladybugs win the championship.
Bess and Chester get married.
Matthew and Kimberly begin dating.
<EOS>
Alice meets the White Rabbit  the bad-tempered Cook and the Duchess.
She joins a mad.
The Cheshire Cat leaves his grin behind.
The Caterpillar becomes annoyed.
The Queen threatens to cut off her head.
Alice meets the Mock Turtle and the Gryphon.
Alice finally becomes fed up with all the strange events and people.
<EOS>
Angel Williams is an assistant manager.
Who has just moved to Jakarta to be with her ex-patriate family.
She  is haunted.
One day  her family is slaughtered  leaving no one alive.
Her parents  her only sister Safara  her maid  security  all are dead.
She was also chased down and shot but somehow she manages to survive  having a vivid memory of  but not knowing.
What the killer looked.
Who he is.
Angel begins seeing apparitions and sees visions of events.
Led. 
A detective investigates the tragedy but believes.
Angel s experiences are just her psyche acting out.
Angel decides to follow the trail and discover himself.
Her sister s apparitions lead her to.
Who her sister has become  with the trail leading straight to the killer.
<EOS>
Betty Boop is queen.
She get annoyed.
Bimbo does Italian scatting to confuse the king.
Bimbo and the king pull.
Her skirt goes up  showing her underwear and her two garters.
But a little creature pins the dress.
Then  Betty flips a coin to see.
The king or Bimbo wins her affections  but does nt really work.
So the king and bimbo fight wi thwooden swords.
Bimbo loses and is taken away.
Bimbo soon realizes and asks him to marry her.
It is Betty.
<EOS>
An army  called.
EYES prepare to safely transport the world s monsters where they will no longer be troubled by humans.
Gloker Pawns appear to stop the project.
Cosmos arrives to temporarily stop the attack.
When Ultraman Justice enters the battle aiding the alien invaders.
Cosmos is defeated.
The aliens destroy the spacecraft.
Were to be used.
It becomes apparent.
These aliens do nt want Earth s species to leave the planet.
The invaders begin an onslaught against the Earth s major cities.
Every attack is witnessed.
Who shows no emotion and no desire to interact.
The world is defenseless.
It is soon revealed.
The mysterious woman Julie is Justice who has been sent by a Universal peace-keeping organisation called the Universal Justice to oversee their plans.
Justice appears leaders to deliver a message from the organisation  In the near future life on Earth will become a threat to peace in the galaxy from the conclusion of the incident of Sandros.
The aliens have come to destroy all life then restart it with new species  a massive space craft called Giga Endra.
Will be more acceptable.
The destruction will begin in 35 hours.
There will be no negotiations.
Nothing are powerful enough to so much as scratch it.
The Earth s forces try to stop the advance.
EYES  tried to protect the people from the wrath of Gloker Pawns while putting all their efforts in getting a communication with Delaxion  one of the higher officials of the organisation.
Order to convince her to stop the attack.
Justice is able to see the good in mankind.
Cosmos mentioned as two Gloker Pawns combine to form the Gloker Rook as they re being attacked and defeat them.
Justice attacks the Gloker Rook.
With EYES  help and changing into his Crusher Mode  destroys the robot with Crusher Victorium Ray.
But the aliens release their next robot  the Gloker Bishop.
Try  Justice is not strong enough to defeat it.
He might.
Cosmos  friends combine their energies to resurrect Cosmos.
Holding no bad will  Cosmos changed into Future Form and recharged.
Justice and the two take.
The Gloker Bishop is overcome.
All is left is the life resetter  Giga Endra.
The massive robot cannon is far too powerful to overcome and killed the two.
But they were combined to form Ultraman Legend.
The super Ultraman catches Giga Endra s resetter beam and pushes back.
Delaxion appeared  asking him.
Giga Endra destroyed.
The legendary warrior is going that far to protect the life.
Legend then split back.
Both convinced the Universal Justice to retreat their forces.
Delaxion stated.
The they should believe.
Julie and Musashi was eating sweet bits given by the girl.
She saved.
Musashi s friends waves and leaves Julie behind.
She smiled in the end of the scene.
<EOS>
The greatest tectonic disaster in the history of mankind occurs.
Eurasia  Africa and Australia have sunken underwater.
The Japanese islands remain untouched.
Japan suddenly discovers.
It is the destination for all the world s surviving refugees.
Consequently  they are all forced to make uncomfortable adjustments.
Order to share the world s last habitable landmass.
<EOS>
The film is narrated.
Lachance recounts a childhood journey to find the body of a missing boy near the fictional town of Castle Rock  Oregon  over Labor Day weekend in September.
Young Gordie is a quiet  bookish boy.
He is rejected  following the death of his football-star older brother Denny.
Denny paid Gordie much more attention.
His parents did.
Gordie spends his time  Chris Chambers  Teddy Duchamp  and Vern Tessio.
Who is and is usually stereotyped accordingly  even though he does not conform to the perceptions and stigmas attached to his family.
Who is eccentric and physically scarred after his mentally unstable father held his ear.
Who is overweight  timid  and often picked on.
Vern overhears his older brother Billy and his friend Charlie Hogan talking.
Brower was a boy.
Whose disappearance and subsequent police search was a big news story.
Gordie  Chris  Teddy  and Vern decide to embark.
They can find Ray s body and become local heroes.
The boys set out  first encountering Milo Pressman and his dog Chopper.
When they pause to fill their canteens.
They then walk.
Vern and Gordie are nearly run over.
The boys set up camp.
Gordie tells the boys a story.
Later  Chris reveals to Gordie his fear of being stereotyped as a criminal and never making anything of himself.
They continue.
It is infested.
Gordie faints.
Desperately removing them.
They should go on.
Gordie ends up being the decisive one  knowing.
They have put not to see the body.
They locate the body.
It reminds Gordie.
His father liked his brother better.
Local bully Ace Merrill and his gang consisting of Eyeball Chambers  Vince Desjardins  Charlie Hogan  Billy Tessio and two other hoods show up in their cars to take the body.
Gordie threatens Ace.
Chris had brought.
Gordie decides and reports it.
No one will get credit.
The boys return and say goodbye to each other.
Gordie states.
Vern later married  had four children and became a forklift driver at a local lumber yard.
Teddy tried to join the Army  but was refused entry.
He eventually served jail time and now was doing odd jobs.
Chris was able to stick it out and get with Gordie and later moved out of Castle Rock and became a lawyer.
However   Chris was recently stabbed and killed.
Revealed. 
When he tried to break up a fight.
Gordie then finishes his memoir  and takes his son and his son s friend swimming.
<EOS>
The scene is from the point of a man on a motorcycle at night.
The man gets off the bike  walks  shoots one of the patrons with a pistol and then gets back on the motorcycle.
The scene then cuts.
What the man looked.
The descriptions vary wildly  - the man walked with a limp.
The police are then with a limp.
They arrest one man walking down the street carrying a briefcase.
His briefcase comes open  spilling the contents - some sex toys - onto the sidewalk.
The man is arrested.
Such items are illegal.
Another man witnesses the arrest.
He turns and walks away.
He is the gunman.
His name is Sergeant Sommai.
Sommai now works as a barber in a small shop in a canal community of suburban Bangkok.
One day Sommai is cutting hair.
When his young son is attacked by some neighborhood boys.
They are taunting the boy.
Sommai must leave the shop  making a customer angry  to attend.
Sommai s son collapses and starts having some sort.
The neighborhood bullies are chased away.
A local doctor is ill-equipped to treat the boy and recommends he be looked.
Sommai has a problem  being a single father.
Needing to work  he must find someone else to look.
He asks his vain  selfish.
Who left Sommai after he lost his leg.
She refuses.
But Nid  the younger sister  readily agrees.
The two   then bond as family unit.
Meanwhile  the Bangkok press is abuzz  Special Branch Inspector Thanu  known as the Black Hand  for the trademark black leather glove.
He wears.
He cultivated a fearsome reputation.
Though the kills he claims credit for were often the work.
Thanu also has difficulties  with a dissatisfied wife.
One  Officer Chalam  independently investigates the shooting by the one-legged gunman.
He determines.
The gunman is likely an ex-military man  which narrows the suspects down considerably.
Chalam immediately suspects Sommai  however Thanu tries to divert attention.
It turns out.
Thanu was Sommai s lieutenant.
It was.
Sommai was left with a leg blown off  to be captured by the Pathet Lao while Thanu and the rest of platoon escape to safety on a helicopter.
Thanu would rather not confront his old sergeant again.
Thanu goes as far.
Sommai s son s illness is growing worse.
Another doctor says.
The cause is a tumor  and that a specialist doctor in an overseas hospital can possibly save the boy.
The pressure is now to take more assassination jobs.
His wheelman is a mute motorcyclist named Khan.
The two plan more jobs.
Chalam has disobeyed orders to stay away from Sommai  and has informants following Sommai s every move.
Thanu can no longer ignore Sommai.
One shooting is narrowly averted  leaving the intended target only injured.
Thanu is then given the job.
Sommai has taken  and succeeds.
His mute motorcyclist friend Khan betrays him.
Sommai is able to free himself and kill him.
He then visits.
His handler  just as his handler and another man are plotting Sommai s demise  obtains the payment  and then kills the two men.
Sommai then goes.
Thanu s team is waiting.
Sommai takes Thanu hostage.
Holding an automatic pistol  he and is able to obtain a promise from the prime minister.
Nid and the boy will be allowed to leave the country.
Sommai surrenders  and hands his pistol.
Nid arrives that she will be okay.
Who takes it and aims.
However  Chalam raises his pistol  and of Thanu .
Who shouts No.
<EOS>
Jyothi Lingam is a bright student and son.
Who leads a happy life.
One day tragedy strikes.
His father the only earning member dies while crossing an unmanned railway gate.
Young boy now has to look.
He is forced to abandon his studies.
He comes first.
Get jobs as sales boys in a textile showroom in Ranganathan Street in Chennai.
Jyothi  along  are employed at the Senthil Murugan Stores run by the big Annachi.
There are around 50 to 60 sales boys and girls.
Who work from early in the morning to late night  without any rest.
He meets Kani  a fiery independent girl.
The difficult and harrowing times bring them together.
They face up.
There is no escape.
Jyothi says.
Where employees are treated than without any human dignity.
Angadi Theru is.
How these two survive and what happens when fate perpetually smiles very cruelly at them.
Sneha lights up the happenings by doing a commercial advertisement for that Stores.
This film is considered to be a milestone cinema due its raw content.
This movie is loosely based in Ranganathan Street in Chennai.
<EOS>
Tony Petrocelli is a Harvard-educated attorney.
Who practices.
He works.
He is a zealous advocate but because of the vast distances of western prairie he must cross in order to meet clients  investigate his cases and make court appointments.
A big case lands.
When he is asked to defend a young  prosperous physician who expects to be charged.
<EOS>
Jess Slocum is a mountain girl.
Who was stolen by moonshiner Jim.
She was raised to hate America  but is now taken.
When Jim is sent.
Earle takes care.
Who is wounded.
She is afraid and soon runs back to the mountain.
She overhears a group of Mexican planning to destroy the nearby camp.
She rushes back to warn them and is declared a hero.
Jim confesses.
Jess is the daughter.
He took revenge.
When he was thrown out.
Jess is reunited and falls in love with Earle.
<EOS>
MI6 agents stolen.
James Bond and Eve assist to recover a computer hard drive.
Contains details.
Bond and Eve chase the killer  mercenary Patrice  and attempt to recover the disk.
Bond is shot in the shoulder.
Presumed killed.
Fighting Patrice  Bond is accidentally shot and is later considered missing.
The head comes under political pressure to retire during a meeting with the Intelligence and Security Committee Chairman  Gareth Mallory.
MI6 is hacked.
An explosion occurs  killing a number of MI6 employees.
Bond  having used his perceived death to retire  learns to London.
Shrapnel taken helps identify Patrice.
Bond tracks the mercenary.
Meanwhile  five NATO agents are killed.
Their identities are exposed.
Further releases are threatened.
Assassinates a target  he and Bond fight.
Patrice falls.
Bond can learn.
Searching Patrice s equipment  Bond finds a gambling chip.
Leads him.
Severine   warns him  but promises to help him.
Who Bond saw earlier.
He is about to be killed.
He will kill her employer.
Bond beats his attackers and joins Severine.
They travel.
Where they are taken prisoner and delivered to Severine s employer  Raoul Silva.
A former MI6 agent working holds her responsible for his torture and imprisonment by the Chinese.
Silva kills Severine.
Bond overpowers his guards and captures Silva to the UK.
Back Q attempts to decrypt Silva s laptop.
Inadvertently enables it to hack the MI6 systems allowing Silva to escape.
Pursued  Silva disguises himself as a policeman and attacks M during a public enquiry into her handling of the stolen hard drive.
Bond arrives to join Mallory and Eve.
M is hurried by her aide  Bill Tanner.
Bond drives M away and takes her to his empty and remote childhood home in Scotland  Skyfall Lodge.
He instructs Q to leave an electronic trail to follow  a decision supported by Mallory.
Bond and M are met by Kincade  the gamekeeper to the Bond family estate.
The trio are only lightly armed.
They improvise a series.
Bond  M and Kincade fight off the first assault.
When Silva s men arrive.
M is wounded.
Silva arrives with a second wave.
Bond sends M and Kincade off to a chapel on the grounds.
The second assault uses firepower.
Silva throws incendiary grenades.
Bond detonates two gas canisters and retreats down the same tunnel as M and Kincade.
The resulting blast causes the helicopter  killing a number of Silva s men.
Silva sees Kincade s torch beam  follows and arrives.
Bond attacks Silva s sole remaining follower  and the two fall.
Where Bond kills him.
Silva meanwhile makes his way and forces his gun into M s hand.
Where he begs her to kill them both.
Bond arrives and kills Silva.
M collapses and dies.
Her position is taken by Mallory.
Eve -- introducing herself -- decides not to return to the field as an agent  but to work as M s secretary.
<EOS>
The film is.
Results lost.
<EOS>
Connie Sumner and Edward Sumner are a couple.
Who live.
Their marriage is solid and loving.
Lacking passion.
One day  Connie journeys.
Where she is caught.
She bumps.
She seeks a taxi.
They both fall.
Connie scrapes her knees.
The stranger offers to let her use his apartment to clean up.
The stranger introduces himself.
Who buys and sells used books.
Connie becomes uncomfortable and decides to leave.
When Martel makes small advances.
He lets.
Her go but gives her a book.
Later that night  Connie mentions the incident.
The next morning  she visits Paul s apartment.
Where they share coffee and discuss literature.
She gets scared and leaves.
When he tries to engage her physically.
Unable to stop thinking  she returns to his place a third time and  after some initial hesitance on her part  they have sex.
Connie and Paul begin a passionate sexual affair.
Edward soon suspects something.
When his wife increases the frequency to Manhattan.
She uses her work.
Edward finds holes.
When he speaks.
Eventually  one catches a glimpse of Connie and Paul fawning over each other in a cafe and tells Edward.
Who hires a detective to follow Connie.
The detective returns.
Devastates Edward.
Connie sees Paul and attacks him.
He denies.
The woman is special.
She is enraged.
They begin to fight  but their anger turns into passion.
Edward decides to visit Paul s apartment but leaves  and misses seeing Connie leave.
When unable to enter.
He returns moments later  gets in and confronts Paul.
Already upset  he is stunned to see a snow globe there.
He recognizes to Connie.
Paul says.
Connie bought it as a gift.
Edward hits the other man and kills him.
Edward cleans up the blood  wipes away his fingerprints and wraps Paul s body.
The phone rings.
He works.
Edward hears Connie leaving a message.
She must end the affair.
Edward erases the message and leaves  putting the body.
Later that night  he drops it off.
Two police detectives arrive.
They explain.
They had found Connie s phone number.
She claims to have met him only once.
A week later  the detectives return and tell Connie.
They found Paul s body.
She becomes upset  Edward backs her up and adds.
He never met Paul.
Later that night  collecting Edward s clothes  Connie finds the private detective s photos and realizes.
Edward knows.
She concludes.
He murdered Paul.
Underneath the globe  she discovers a hidden compartment containing a photograph with an anniversary message from Edward.
Causes Connie to cry.
Edward and Connie confront each other.
She burns the photographs  he offers to turn himself.
Connie rejects this and insists.
They will get together.
Later the couple are shown  outside  the traffic lights change several times from red to green and back.
The camera pulls back to reveal their car.
<EOS>
The body is discovered in the basement of a New York City factory.
Arthur Gilpin  the African-American janitor  is arrested and charged.
Who discovered the body.
Arthur s sister Ida May contacts her former boyfriend  the attorney Sidney Wyeth  to defend Gilpin.
Wyeth redirects attention for the murder away from Gilpin to Anthony Brisbane  a white man with a history of sexual deviancy.
Gilpin is exonerated.
Brisbane is revealed.
<EOS>
The film starts  then goes straight into one of the most common places in Korean Culture.
A Room salon.
Where Korean Mobster Jin Ho Chun is running the place.
The Room salon is running smoothly and greeting customers.
Chun is making his usual errands.
Chun goes and checks.
Where also his mistress Sook Hee is.
Chun then grabs the bag and makes his way into his car.
Another car blocks his way.
Chun s driving off.
He gets shot.
An ambitious young lawyer is introduced  John Kim.
Who has just taken.
The Case revolves.
Who is accused.
Kim takes.
Kim is discussing the case.
Who is still.
Kim assures Lee.
They will win the case.
There s nothing to worry about.
Kim comes upon a name  Mike Juhn by a low level street thug Danny.
Who plays basketball with Kim and runs with Juhn s Crew.
Kim sees this.
Juhn meets Kim.
Who has now taken Chun s old position.
Juhn is hesitant.
When approached but then starts opening up to him  when he see s Kim as a way for him to become a legitimate business man.
The Two men start using each other to get.
Juhn takes Kim.
He s running to show Kim the Korean culture.
Juhn s hyung.
Detective Park approaches him and asks him.
Who the outsider is.
Juhn lies but Det.
Park catches him and lectures Juhn about bringing outsiders.
Juhn disobeys  saying.
Kim could be good.
Juhn is demoted back to is old position.
Kim meets Hee  the mistress.
Juhn s being demoted.
Kim has a light conversation before being interrupted by Det.
Park Kim.
Who tells.
He does nt belong here and that Kim should leave.
Juhn goes down.
One tells Juhn.
Where he meets.
Another mobster Kyuc will be taking over and that Juhn is not to set foot until they give the okay.
The angry Juhn disobeys orders and brings Kim.
Where Kim meets Hee and is able to give Hee his business card before getting kicked out.
Kim And Juhn go.
The two are kicked out.
Where Juhn starts talking and how he knows Lee from back in the day when they both went to high school together.
Kim then starts pressing Juhn to talk.
Juhn finally gives in and talks.
Chun was a snake.
And that anyone would have wanted him dead hinting.
Kevin might have not been involved.
Is. 
Juhn is having problems.
Whereas Kim s Bosses are telling him to cut a deal with the District Attorney s office saying.
They do nt want to pursue the case.
Kim tells Lee.
Lee disagrees saying.
There s something more they have to do.
Kim then sets a meeting.
Hee   needs Lee to translate  Kim starts the recorder and asks Lee to have Hee begin.
Who can not speak a word who can not speak a word of Korean.
Hee starts to reveal shocking facts about the murder.
Such.
She saw a young boy.
Hee then reveals.
She also saw Juhn.
Lee finally realizes.
Who is shocked.
Her brother was the one who committed the murder.
She then keeps the information.
It was Juhn and only Juhn who was there.
Lee calls Juhn feeling.
Who now is distraught.
She has nowhere else to go.
Saeng  Juhn s right hand man and Danny are.
Saeng then gets a call.
Saeng gathers all the men and heads to the Room salon Juhn used to run and raid the place.
Having a big shootout.
His men leading.
Juhn then tells Saeng to get the money and says that hes going to handle Hee.
She was nowhere to be found  Juhn and Saeng then take the injured Danny.
When searching.
Leaving Saeng to take care  Juhn goes to Hee s house and finds her packing her clothes.
Juhn goes to find Hee.
Juhn rapes her and beats her.
Kim and tells him.
The scared Danny calls.
Kim quickly rushes down and advises Danny to do nt tell the cops anything.
Where Danny is and pushes Saeng out.
Then Kim realizes and rushes.
Hee might be to.
He gets there Kim finds Hee s dead body.
Ambushed. 
Kim retreats to his home and is.
Kim had.
Where Juhn starts to reveal more how he ordered Kevin to murder Chun saying that Kevin wanted to prove his loyalty and how Lee called him after the conversation.
Kim tells Juhn.
The confession Juhn pulls out his gun and gets ready.
There will be consequences if Juhn pulls the trigger.
Kim tells Juhn.
He has the recording.
There s away to find its way into the polices hands.
Juhn were to pull the trigger.
Juhn thinks and gives Kim a pass telling Kim to stay out of Flushing.
There will be no more passes.
Kim then quickly sets a meeting up and confronts her about the situation.
Lee tells Kim.
She had no choice and that Kim would have done the same thing if it was his brother.
Kim sets another meeting up.
Kim s a regular.
Juhn refused.
Kim convinces him otherwise.
Revealing go either way.
Danny a member is now Kim s client and that he can make Danny.
Juhn agrees to help Kim.
Who now realizes the situatiuon.
Kim tells Juhn or not he just wants to win the case and tells Juhn to find someone.
He does nt care now  whether Kevin murdered Chun.
Who can be a witness that does nt put Kevinat the scene.
Juhn agrees  Kim then gives Juhn the recorder.
Kim is seen  Lee walks in with a box of tangerines to thank Kim for getting Kevin out of prison.
Lee leaves Kim throws the box.
Juhn is now running the Room salon again.
Juhn comes to pick up the bag and adjust the rear view mirror and starts to glare at the mirror.
He s walking his cellphone rings he picks up but there s no answer he hangs up and gets into his car.
The screen goes black.
<EOS>
Sharpay Evans performs a dance number.
There she meets a famous producer Jerry Taylor.
Who offers her a chance to star.
Sharpay thinks.
The audition is.
It s actually  her dog.
Sharpay later convinces her father to let her move.
He hesitantly accepts.
He has a condition   Sharpay is forced to move back and work at Lava Springs.
The plan backfires.
Sharpay is kicked out.
They do nt allow dogs.
She meets Peyton.
Who offers her a studio apartment.
Sharpay accepts but is disgusted to find out.
What it is.
Sharpay  Peyton  and Boi go.
Shopping to give her studio a little make over.
He brings her.
Peyton sees Sharpay.
Makes her feel much better.
There she meets Neal Roberts and Gill Samms  producers.
She auditions him but only to be caught.
When she finds out they only want Boi.
Minutes later  Sharpay meets Amber Lee Adams  the star.
Leaving the theater  Sharpay is threatened.
If she does nt drop out  there will be serious consequences.
Boi and Countess run away together.
Sharpay and Roger team up to find them.
Fortunately  Peyton finds them.
Meanwhile  Amber Lee fires her assistant and dimwittingly hires Sharpay just her around.
Unknowingly  Sharpay is a maid and answers to her every need.
Sharpay later finds out.
Amber Lee is nt all who she cracks up to be.
So she and Roger concoct a plan to get her fired.
Her plan works  only to get Sharpay fired and Amber Lee quitting.
Peyton shows footage.
As it seems that the production is about to get canceled.
She can be the girl to star.
They take his word and hire Sharpay.
Sharpay accepts the offer.
If Boi and Countess split the role.
Sharpay and Peyton share a kiss.
She finally gets her dream.
Ryan Evans appears at her door.
He gets stuck.
When Sharpay left the room.
<EOS>
A teenage boy named Albert Narracott from Devon  England  witnesses the birth of a Bay Thoroughbred foal and subsequently watches with admiration the growth of the young horse  galloping through the fields at his mother s side.
Much buys the colt at auction  despite a friend pointing out a more suitable plough horse for his farm.
Desiring to spite his landlord Mr Lyons  and retain his pride  Ted bids.
The high cost means.
He is unable to pay rent.
Ted promises to meet the deadline  suggesting.
He could plough and plant a lower  rock-filled field.
Albert names the horse Joey and devotes much time.
Albert s best friend  Andrew Easton  watches.
Albert teaches his colt many things.
Ted   is frequently shown drinking alcohol.
Who has a bad leg.
He carries.
Rose shows Albert his father s medals.
Where Ted served with the Imperial Yeomanry.
Ted was severely wounded  and received the Distinguished Conduct Medal for bravery under fire.
She gives Albert his father s regimental pennant  telling Albert.
His father is not proud of what he did  and that he had thrown the flag and medals away  though Rose saved and kept them hidden.
Albert trains Joey and  to his neighbours  astonishment  prepares a stony hillside field to plant with turnips.
However  a rainstorm destroys the turnip crop  so Ted   sells Joey to the young cavalry officer Captain James Nicholls.
The First World War gets underway.
Albert subsequently pleads and begs.
Him not to take the horse.
Nicholls can only promise.
He will take care as his own horse and hopefully return him after the war.
Albert tries to enlist but is too young.
Albert ties his father s pennant.
The captain leaves.
Joey is trained and becomes attached to Topthorn  a black horse.
Whom he is trained.
The two horses become friends.
The two horses are deployed with a flying column under the command of Captain Nicholls.
The Cavalry charges are now hopelessly obsolete  a fact.
Becomes tragically clear when Captain Nicholls and his fellow cavalrymen charge and although achieving initial success  are met with the concentrated firepower of emplaced machine guns.
Nicholls is killed along.
The Germans capture the horses.
A 14-year-old Michael convinces a superior.
The two horses are fit to pull an ambulance wagon.
He and his brother Gunther drive the horses.
Gunther gives the pennant.
When he is assigned.
Gunther ignores an order to remain behind and await call.
Unable to persuade his brother to remain behind  he captures him  on horseback  with Gunther riding Joey and Michael riding Topthorn.
Their goal is to ride.
They stop and are discovered by their fellow German soldiers.
Their status evident  they are executed.
The following morning  a young orphaned French girl named.
Emilie  who lives  finds the two horses inside the windmill and takes care of them.
German soldiers arrive and confiscate all food and supplies.
Emilie hides the horses.
Emilie suffers.
Makes her bones fragile and is not allowed to ride the horses.
Nonetheless  Emilie s Grandfather   allows her to ride Joey.
She gallops the horse.
This proves to be a dreadful mistake.
Topthorn races off  with the Grandfather following behind.
When Emilie does not return immediately.
He sees.
She has run.
The German soldiers take the horses.
The Grandfather keeps the pennant.
Joey and Topthorn are put.
Kills horses quickly.
They serve under care of Private Friedrich  and tries to help them survive.
Who loves horses.
Albert has enlisted and is fighting alongside Andrew in the Second Battle of the Somme  under the command of Lyons s son David.
Albert  Andrew  and other British soldiers miraculously make it across into a deserted German trench.
Where a gas bomb explodes  filling the trench.
Joey and Topthorn have survived years in the German army  much longer than most horses.
Topthorn finally succumbs and dies.
Friedrich is dragged away  leaving Joey to face an oncoming tank.
The horse escapes and runs.
Where he gallops and gets entangled in the barbed wire barriers.
Both British and German soldiers spot Joey in the night mist.
A British soldier  named Colin  waves a white flag and crosses the no man s land  trying to free the horse and coax him to the British side.
Disbelieving that a horse could have survived the battle.
Pieter  a German soldier  comes over with wire cutters.
Together they free Joey.
They flip a coin to decide  Colin wins and guides Joey back  now having formed an unexpected friendship with Pieter.
Who should take possession.
Andrew has been killed.
Albert has survived.
He hears.
Recuperating. 
About the miraculous horse rescued.
The army doctor instructs Sgt.
Fry to put Joey down  due.
But  Joey hears.
When Fry is about to shoot.
The owl call he learnt.
Albert is led  again sounding his call.
Joey hurries to meet his long-missed friend.
Albert explains.
He raised Joey  and with bandages still covering his eyes  gives an exact description  confirming his claim.
Joey is covered  so the veterinary surgeon at first dismisses Albert s statement.
He is astonished.
When soldiers wash away the grime  revealing the four white socks and diamond star.
The armistice - - coincides with Albert regaining his eyesight.
Brings the end.
He accepts funds to purchase Joey at a scheduled highest-bidder auction  but finds himself losing a bidding war with a French butcher  reaching 30 pounds.
When he learns that only officers  horses will be shipped home.
Then a bid is entered.
The bidder is an older gentleman  Emilie s grandfather .
Who informs the butcher that if he is bid  he will sell his coat and bid to.
He will sell his farm and bid.
He be bid.
No other bid is placed.
The grandfather takes ownership  planning to return with him to his farm.
He tells Albert.
Emilie has died.
He has walked three days to get Joey back  for the sake of his beloved granddaughter s memory.
Albert pleads.
Who at first remains stoic.
The old man is surprised  however.
When the horse chooses to return as if to say goodbye.
He subsequently presents Albert  asking him.
What it is.
Albert s quick recognition convinces the grandfather.
Joey is indeed his horse  and that returning Joey is a better tribute to the memory of Emilie.
Finally  Albert is seen returning to his family s farm.
Where he hugs his parents and returns the pennant.
The elder Narracott extends his hand.
Who has become a man.
<EOS>
A mother duck sees all but one hatching into little ducklings  and takes them for a swim.
Then the final egg hatches and out comes Quacker.
Rushing behind  trying to catch up  he wades but finds himself unable to swim.
He calls.
She is too far way to help.
A despondent Quacker starts to cry.
Jerry overhears him.
He offers to teach Quacker and demonstrates.
To swim.
Quacker is unable to stay afloat.
Quacker kicks a rock and walks around  depressed  lamenting his inability  but does nt notice Tom cooking up some water.
Tom hears the duck and slants his spoon.
Quacker walks up it and falls.
Tom salt and peppers him making him cry out.
Jerry saves him.
Jerry carries Quacker away.
Tom chases them  but he runs.
They have placed.
Jerry hides Quacker and instructs him to keep quiet.
Quacker dives.
When Tom approaches and Tom ends up getting pulled.
Tom is pulled.
Jerry turns and realises he has taken Tom.
Jerry dives  breathing through a straw.
Tom easily finds him and blows.
Jerry grabs the straw and inflates Tom.
Quacker pops Tom.
Jerry and Quacker flee  but Quacker falls.
Quacker thinks.
He s drowning until he spots Jerry.
Jerry motions to follow.
Tom upends the bowl and sends him back.
Tom spoons.
Jerry pelts a brick and shatters the cat into several pieces.
Quacker gets out and runs off with Jerry  but Jerry is captured in a jug by Tom.
Quacker turns the other way and runs off.
Tom chases Quacker out and Quacker hides under the promontory.
Tom falls in.
Tom is unable to swim  and begins to drown.
Quacker is reluctant to save him  himself can not swim.
But  he summons the courage in  and miraculously rescues Tom.
When Tom submerges.
Tom and Jerry have made up.
Jerry is helping Tom recover.
They watch on.
Quacker swims.
<EOS>
John Lawrence is a returning GI.
Mary McKinley is the girl.
He left behind.
But their reunion will have to wait  John has returned.
It seems.
John married Lilly to get her into the U.
S.
Intending to divorce her wed her true love  John s old pal Fred Taylor.
That she can.
<EOS>
The Punjabi movie shows culture and its values  expanding the facts and addressing social evils.
The story revolves.
Who raises her voice.
Basanti is the story.
Who is taken.
Basanti is a wall.
Stands solid.
<EOS>
A young woman  Shwetambari is the daughter  Mahendranath and Gayatri Devi and studies at university in the city.
She falls with a low-caste mystic named Soham.
Soham   is illumined by Babaji  his mentor and decides.
There is no harm.
This creates a citywide scandal.
Shwetambari s parents initially object.
Eventually support the relationship.
The orthodox elements discourage the relationship actively  driving Shwetambari to depression.
She eventually finds salvation.
Eventually   a disheartened Shwetambari leaves the city.
When she discovers her own mother caused the murder.
17 years later  Shwetambari  now a philosopher and religious scholar  is torn.
She returns.
Creates turbulence.
<EOS>
London-based gangster George Thomason and his right-hand man  Ken Pile  a beleaguered animal lover  plan a jewel heist.
They bring to help  an alluring con artist  Wanda Gershwitz and their weapons man Otto West  an Anglophobe.
Who fancies himself.
Wanda and Otto are lovers  but hide this fact  pretending to be brother and sister  so Wanda can work her charms on them.
The robbery goes well.
The only problem is.
They are briefly spotted by an old lady walking her dogs.
The group then hide the loot.
Wanda and Otto betray George to the police.
He is arrested.
They return to collect the loot  only to find.
George and Ken have moved it.
Wanda   decides to seduce George s unhappily married lawyer  Archie Leach  to find out.
Who was planning as well.
Where the diamonds are located.
Otto becomes insanely jealous.
His interference  combined  lead Wanda and Archie s liaisons to go disastrously wrong.
Archie eventually calls.
Meanwhile  George gives Ken the task.
The animal-loving Ken accidentally kills off her three Yorkshire Terriers one by one.
This causes him grief  as well as grave bodily harm.
Each attempt goes wrong.
However  the witness suffers a fatal heart attack.
When her last Terrier is killed.
Ken is ultimately successful.
Wanda and Otto want George to remain.
He may get off.
Wanda gives evidence.
Will lead.
Archie  stunned  flubs his cross-examination and inadvertently calls her darling.
Enraged  George starts a brawl.
Leads. 
Archie s wife Wendy is sitting.
Archie s antics confirm her suspicions.
She confronts Archie and states.
George is taken.
She plans to divorce him.
Archie resolves to cut his losses  find the loot  and flee to South America.
His career ruined and his marriage.
Promised less jail time  George tells Archie.
Ken knows the location.
Archie picks up Wanda.
He is leaving to question Ken.
She attempts to flee the courthouse.
Archie tells her  and Wanda counters by noting.
He knows that Ken is aware.
She has the key.
Otto has been trying to get Ken to reveal the location.
The courtroom drama is unfolding.
He tortures Ken  leaving.
The fish called Wanda.
Ken accidentally mentions the location of the diamonds at a hotel near Heathrow Airport.
Otto is leaving  Otto steals Archie s car  taking Wanda.
As Archie runs.
Ken tells Archie.
Quickly as he can given his stutter.
Where they are going.
The two give chase.
The protagonists all end up.
Otto and Wanda recover the diamonds.
Wanda quickly double-crosses Otto and locks him.
Otto escapes and is briefly captured  only to turn the tables.
He is about to kill Archie.
Archie manages to distract Otto.
Americans are not always winners - as shown to North Vietnam in the Vietnam war.
Otto ate.
They are arguing  Otto is run over  seeking vengeance for the live fish.
Archie joins Wanda.
Taxis. 
Otto curses them.
As the plane takes off  he finally drops off.
<EOS>
The story is.
They love each other and are engaged.
Jewel is a new-age girl  but Clara is a conventional mother.
Who is always.
Trying to correct her she can.
Jewel is going and finds difficulty to tell this to her parents  do.
She wants to be alone.
Her mother does not agree and thinks.
Jewel might get.
Meanwhile  her dad buys her a brand new computer.
Her to enjoy herself.
Jewel befriends a fashion designer.
Who calls himself Amir.
They make a mutual agreement not to ask.
Jewel starts sharing her problems.
He gives her suggestions and advice.
Slowly Jewel starts.
Behaving well is happy as well as surprised at her change.
Jewel starts believing and tells this to her friend Rahul.
She is.
Heartbroken  Rahul shares the news.
Her parents first wanted to stop this relationship but  fearing  they tell her.
She might take any wrong step.
They want to meet Ameer.
Ameer fixes.
A date to meet her family  but on that day he does not turn up.
A priest named Fr.
Felix comes with a CD of Ameer s voice and is counting his last days.
Which he tells her that he is bedridden.
Fr.
Felix informs them.
Ameer is no more.
Jewel is shattered but recovers soon and marries Rahul.
Everyone goes to Felix s orphanage.
There we see Amir.
Who watches them and tells Felix that it was a good decision to tell them that he is dead.
<EOS>
The central plot revolves around the titular spider invasion.
Occurs when what appears to be a meteorite crashes down  and spawns spiders of varying sizes.
Subplots include  Dan Kester and his hate/hate relationship barmaid Helga Dave Perkins  attempts to make out with Ev s sister Terry A fundamentalist preacher leading a revival meeting Drs.
Vance and Langer getting involved.
Results when the townspeople are confronted.
When Drs.
Vance and Langer manage to close off the gateway  draining the spiders and causing them to melt into puddles of disgusting sludge.
<EOS>
Day and Night tells the story in a fictional northern Chinese city.
Who carries.
The miner is wracked and takes it upon himself to end the affair  rebuild the mine  and help his friend s mentally disabled son find a wife.
When his friend is killed.
<EOS>
A colony of vampires seek a peaceful life in the desolate desert town of Purgatory.
Key is the town s artificial-bloodmaking facility.
It is just not working.
Mardulak summons.
The human designer will be a pleasant desert vacation.
Soon  he and his family are caught up.
Another vampire elder  who abhors the idea  organizes a revolution.
A descendant arrives intent on destroying all vampires.
<EOS>
Akeelah Anderson attends Crenshaw Middle School  a predominantly black school.
Akeelah is a bright 11-year-old and never makes errors and does nt really seem to fit in.
She lives.
Her principal  Mr Welch and her teacher  Mrs Cross  recommend her to sign up.
She wins easily.
Dr Joshua Larabee  a visiting English professor and Mr Welch s college friend  tests her with some difficult words and finds.
She has the potential to reach the National Spelling Bee  even though she misspells pulchritude.
He rejects her.
When Akeelah asks Dr Larabee to coach her.
Instead  she studies for the district spelling bee.
Her sister Kiana catches one of the other contestants cheating  disqualifying him.
This allows Akeelah to take the tenth and final qualifying spot by spelling pastiche.
She spelled a word wrong.
She also meets and befriends Javier Mendez  a 12-year-old Mexican-American boy and fellow speller.
Who has a crush.
Their friendship started.
When he helped Akeelah pin her number  saying that he wo nt impale her.
Javier invites her to join the spelling club.
Akeelah meets Dylan Chu  a Chinese American boy.
Who had won second place.
He is contemptuous and asks her to spell xanthosis.
He tells her.
When she starts.
She needs a coach.
Javier invites Akeelah to his birthday party   Javier plays it off by saying.
Where she has her first kiss.
He only kissed her out  and jokingly asks if she plans to sue him for sexual harassment.
Dylan plays Scrabble.
Akeelah almost defeats Dylan  but loses.
She later overhears Dylan s father reprimanding him.
He must win first place.
Tanya  still depressed and concerned for her daughter s grades and frequent truancy  forbids Akeelah from participating in the state bee.
Akeelah responds.
She memorizes all the winning words and works with Dr Larabee  learning not only words but life lessons as well.
Tanya relents  asking Akeelah.
She thinks she should be punished.
Akeelah suggests not being allowed to continue.
Her mother says would not be a punishment.
Akeelah then suggests double her amount.
Her mother accepts  but instead makes three months.
Javier has fought an inspired delaying action to prevent Akeelah s disqualification  he walks very slowly to the microphone  and asks for his word  ratatouille  to be repeated five times  defined and used in a sentence several times  he even asks.
It to be used.
Dylan finishes first  Javier second  and Akeelah third  they all advance.
Akeelah goes out to buy Dr Larabee a present  not knowing.
He plans to give up coaching her because she reminds him too much.
Instead  he gives Akeelah 5000 flashcards.
Akeelah loses her motivation.
She is rejected and feels the pressure from her neighborhood to do them proud.
But  Akeelah recruits neighborhood coaches   and prepares in earnest.
Her mom tells her that if she looked  she had 50000 coaches.
Akeelah goes to Washington  D.
C.
Oldest brother  best friend  principal  and Dr Larabee  unaware.
Her coach has paid.
Akeelah sits next to Javier   and kisses him on the cheek.
Who has an aversion.
Akeelah and Georgia rekindle their friendship.
She invites Georgia to accompany her.
C.
Her performance is solid and steady  much of it thanks to her jump rope strategy from Dr Larabee.
She is smiled on as a crowd favorite.
Javier and Dylan also compete  Javier is eliminated.
He spells Marovingian  finishing 5th  and begins rooting.
The other finalists  Mary Calveretti and Rajeeve Subramonian misspell mithridatism and vitrophyre  respectively.
Finally  it is down.
The two finalists are allowed a brief break.
Akeelah overhears Dylan s father warning him.
If he gets second place this year  his last chance  he will be second place for life.
Akeelah attempts to throw the competition.
Dylan  knowing  intentionally misspells it as well.
Akeelah deliberately misspelled the word.
Dylan tells Akeelah.
The judging board discusses this unlikely occurrence.
He only wants to win fair and square  scoffing his father s do-or-die attitude.
They both go word.
Dylan correctly spells logorrhea  earning him at least a share.
Akeelah spells pulchritude correctly to become.
Akeelah has a vision contributing one letter to the word.
She does so.
Her victory raises cheers.
C.
<EOS>
Charles Masson  an advertising executive  is having an affair  the wife of his best friend  world renown architect Francois Tellier.
Their sex life consists.
Charles accidentally strangles Laura.
Completely confused  Charles leaves the borrowed apartment and runs into Francois at a nearby bistro.
The two drive back together.
Where they have beautiful adjoining houses designed.
The owner had seen Laura and Charles together two months earlier.
She does not tell the police.
Charles has a difficult time coping  and tries to lead a normal life with his two children and loving wife Helene.
Though the police do not seem to have any clues.
<EOS>
Wes Steele finds a stagecoach and a number of dead passengers.
He takes a horse and rides.
A corrupt banker  Stanley  and partner Joiner discuss their stagecoach holdup  their hired gun.
Joiner  upset  begins to leave.
Clanton shoots him.
Stanley tells townspeople the stranger.
Steele is responsible.
Steele hides of a house.
It turns out to belong.
Who has yellow fever.
His daughter Nadine is caring.
The home is quarantined.
Steele nurses the sheriff back after Nadine collapses from fatigue.
A grateful Nadine says her dad worries but has left her well-provided for the future.
She and Steele kiss.
He ventures outside.
Where he confronts and coldcocks Stanley  causing a lynch mob to form.
Gil gives the wanted Steele a chance to escape.
It turns out  so now a noose is tossed.
The sheriff has been from Stanley.
Steele returns to rescue him.
He kills Clanton.
Then Stanley is placed.
Told he should leave this town  Steele decides to stick around.
<EOS>
Holly Nolan is a 14-year-old teenager  dealing most girls her age deal with  including peer pressure.
Always wanting to hang out  she meets and falls in love with Chris  a 19-year old guy.
Who was rejected.
He is now hoping to visit college and go.
He is out.
She is outraged  forbidding her.
When her recently divorced and overly protective mother Donna finds out.
Holly  upset  responds furious.
Her mother does nt want to give him a chance.
When she kicks him out.
She secretly sneaks out and decides to run away to start a new life in California.
They soon find out.
Traveling is difficult.
This is only more hardened.
They end up having to break the law to survive.
They have nowhere to go.
They soon find out.
They pass up an offer  but soon discover.
They ca nt support either.
Chris is looked.
Donna is contacting the police to find her daughter  threatening to sue Chris.
Realizing  Holly decides to ignore her mother and stick.
She is.
However  this proves to be exhausting.
She is even one night arrested.
Chris eventually turns to collect money for food.
<EOS>
Abraxas and Secundus  are intergalactic police officers  or Finders.
Their race is physically similar but with an expanded lifespan  Abraxas has been a Finder for almost 10000 years.
Each Finder is equipped.
Serves. 
It can also detect any object.
The subject being scanned will disintegrate.
When testing.
They do not contain the equation.
Secundus wants to access a negative universe.
He believes will give him omnipotent powers and make him immortal.
To do this he needs the solution.
He travels and impregnates the first human female.
He finds  Sonia Murray  simply.
The resulting baby will be a prodigy able to solve the equation.
Only a few minutes later  Sonia gives birth him Tommy.
Meanwhile  Abraxas corners Secundus.
Other Finders can lock to the prison planet Tyrannus.
Abraxas is ordered to kill Sonia.
She can give birth.
He ca nt bring himself to do it and leaves her.
Her parents kick her out.
When Sonia goes home.
She does nt know who the baby s father is.
They do nt seem to mind.
The baby was conceived and born  though.
Five years later  Tommy does nt speak but does have strange abilities   he makes the bully wet his pants.
When he is picked on.
The school principal  played  calls Sonia in about this problem.
She refuses to admit.
Tommy has problems.
Secundus escapes to Earth.
The Finders send Abraxas right  but their transport paths cross.
Their weapons are destroyed.
Abraxas chases Secundus  but loses him  Secundus uses the fuse box to recharge his Answer Box.
He uses his Answer Box to test the shopowner.
When the owner confronts him.
The test causes the owner to explode.
Secundus then goes  stealing cars  killing innocent people and causing chaos.
He continues to scan people  looking.
Who knows the Anti-Life Equation.
<EOS>
Bob dies not long.
His classmate Henk goes.
Where Bob s father Gelder has a small orchard.
Henk begins helping the family financially  and marries Bob s sister Daisy.
However  Daisy enjoys going.
Their child Baby is left alone.
Henk calls his cousin Flora to help  and begins to fall in love with her.
Flora treats him.
When Baby is taken ill.
This closeness drives Daisy mad.
She goes and unsuccessfully tries to commit suicide by throwing herself into the sea.
Flora and Henk marry.
Flora is forced to annul her marriage and leave the house.
When Daisy returns home.
She joins a nunnery.
Where she becomes Sister Theresia.
<EOS>
A German student  Stefan   decides to have an adventure  get out and to burn his bridges.
Who has finished his mathematics studies.
He makes a friend playing cards in a bar.
They decide to commit a burglary to get some money.
He meets.
A free-spirited American girl called Estelle and follows her.
He discovers.
Estelle is involved.
Stefan saves Estelle only to find.
She does not really want to be saved.
She introduces him to heroin.
She has stolen.
Stefan is initially using heroin.
Having used it previously  she persuades him to try it.
Soon Stefan and Estelle are both heavily addicted.
They try to break the addiction using LSD and initially manage to stay clean.
However  they re both using heroin again.
Unable to break free  it quickly spirals out of control leading to a tragic end for Stefan.
<EOS>
The family is extremely happy until his younger brother Inspector Rajesh Saxena arrests a notorious gangster  Bhawani Singh.
Justice Saxena sentences Bhawani Singh.
Bhawani Singh s brother  Dilawar Singh  vows to avenge his brother.
He kills the judge as well as his driver Shanker.
Dilawar Singh also tries to kill their sons.
Driver Shanker s son  Karan loses his eyesight.
Justice Saxena s wife  the two children and Rajesh Saxena leave the city.
Dilawar Singh finds them and kills the Judge s wife and throws Babloo out.
Babloo donates his eyes to Karan.
Karan vows.
He will not remove his goggles till he confronts Dilawar Singh.
<EOS>
Big Ai nt Bad is a romantic comedy.
Redefines the measure.
Ric and Natalie are a happy young couple headed after a brief courtship.
However   the relationship abruptly ends leaving them to travel separate roads.
When Natalie makes an early return home and finds her trusted mate in the company of last night s entertainment.
<EOS>
Seventeen-year-old Tom Robinson Lee  a new senior  finds himself at odds with the machismo culture of his class.
Which the other boys love sports  roughhouse  fantasize about girls  and worship their coach  Bill Reynolds.
Tom prefers classical music  reads Candide  goes  and generally seems to be more at ease in the company of women.
The other boys torment Tom and call him sister boy.
He is treated unfeelingly.
Who believes a man should be manly and that his son should fit in.
Only Al  his roommate  treats Tom  perceiving.
Being different is not.
This growing tension is observed.
The Reynolds are also Tom s and Al s house master and mistress.
She tries to build a connection  often inviting him alone to tea  and eventually falls in love with him  in part because of his many similarities to her first husband John.
Who was killed.
The situation escalates.
When Tom is goaded.
Things go badly.
His failure to lose his virginity causes him to attempt suicide.
His father arrives.
Assuming his son s success  he gets one.
He boasts until the Reynolds inform him otherwise.
Laura goes and finds him.
Where he often goes to ruminate.
She tries to comfort him  counseling.
He ll have a wife and family some day.
He s inconsolable.
She starts to leave  then returns  takes his hand  and utters the film s famous line  Years.
You will  be kind.
The film opens and closes ten years.
When the adult Tom  who is now a successful writer and married  returns.
The final scene  new  shows Tom visiting his old coach and house master to ask after Laura.
Bill tells him.
Last he s heard  she s out west somewhere.
He has a note to him.
She enclosed to her.
Tom opens it outside and learns.
She wrote it.
She tells him  she had no choice.
To leave her husband.
<EOS>
The adventure begins.
Skylar  a fearless teenager  prepares for the ultimate Halloween bash with her best friends  Henry and Sadie.
The plan to sing at the party -- with rock band cutie Ryan Dean -- is crushed and even put on an alarm system to keep her in.
When her parents make her stay home.
She attempts to sneak out by cutting the power.
The alarm system wont work.
That unfortunately unleashes a monster - Deimata.
Was contained.
Who is determined to change the fate forever.
She learns.
Skylar s world is turned upside down.
Her parents have been keeping a big secret - that she comes.
Now  it s up to channel their inner strength and conquer more than just this monster.
Every person has their own personal monster.
Feeds. 
Skylar experiences all the fear.
That Deimata is loose.
She never had and tries to deny what is happening.
She  Saddie and Henry go  armed  to the party at the mansion.
Meanwhile  Deimata lures Skylar s parents by pretending.
Skylar was.
She captures them.
Back Saddie is able to comfort Skylar and give her confidence to live up to her role as a monster hunter.
However  Deimata gets the best by publicly insulting her nervous attempt to sing at the party  made with all the events.
Just occurred.
Nevertheless  Skylar and Saddie capture many throughout the mansion.
Henry learns.
Letting go will cause the monsters to disintergrate into nothing.
Deimata possesses Ryan to better discourage Skylar.
He manages to break free.
Saddie also gathers the courage to stand up.
Then Skylar faces her fears.
Together Skylar  Ryan  and his band perform a song.
Causes their friends.
However  Deimata reminds Skylar.
She still has Skylar s parents.
Skylar rushes off to find them  following behind.
Skylar and her friends try to fight off Deimata.
She does nt seem able to be stopped.
She soon realizes.
Skylar has overcame her fear.
Deimata is still feeding off -- about Skylar s safety.
Deimata is weakened.
Skylar gets her parents to trust her.
The three friends defeat her and capture her.
However   Deimata blows on the glass in the hunting unit  cracking it.
We hear.
It break as Deimata s laugh is heard one last time  hinting.
<EOS>
This version is very true.
It maintains the setting  time period and covers the full arc.
Jean Valjean is released and finds life unbearable until Monseigneur Bienvenu cover his theft of silver and gives him two silver candle.
Sticks. 
Valjean breaks his parole and makes a new life and ends up being elected Mayor.
His life is busy.
He is unaware.
Her difficult life has gotten even worse.
It is too late.
When it does come.
He vows to care.
The Thenardiers abuse Fantine s daughter Cosette and treat her.
Valjean bargains for Cosette.
They leave.
He has paid.
Valjean takes her to live in a convent.
Where he takes.
They remain safely hidden.
He schooling is finished.
Valjean finds a residence  but before too long  runs into Thenardier and Javert  the inspector.
Who has hunted him.
The events are drawn in to a student uprising.
Cosette meets and falls.
Valjean fears and decides to leave Paris and head for America.
That is the night.
The student take up arms.
Marius and the other students face.
A city unwilling to help and soon realize their cause will die.
Valjean joins the students and rescues Marius.
When he is injured.
Javert intercepts them  but lets.
Them go  committing suicide shortly.
Valjean tells Marius and.
Marius and Cosette prepare.
He must leave.
Marius does not stop him.
Now alone  Valjean s health quickly deteriorates.
But  Thenardier shows up and tries sell Marius dirt on Valjean.
Thenardier is convinced.
Valjean killed a man the night the barricades fell  but the trinket he shows Marius belonged to Marius himself.
He realizes.
It was Valjean who rescued him.
He and Cosette race to find Valjean.
He is on his death bed.
They arrive just.
<EOS>
The films depicts a man.
Who lives a hard life.
The film shows their poor lives realistically.
The last  climactic part portrays the impulsive crime.
Results. 
<EOS>
People trying to sell an isolated mansion are being stalked and killed by an escaped maniac.
Who is this deranged murderer and why do the local townspeople act so strange.
<EOS>
Four good friends  high school seniors  Kevin Myers  a confident student with a girlfriend named Vicky  Chris Oz Ostreicher  a member of the high school lacrosse team  Jim Levenstein  an awkward and sexually naive character  and Paul Finch  a cappuccino-drinking sophisticate  make a pact  at Kevin s initiation  to lose their virginity before their high school graduation.
Whose dad attempts to offer sexual advice.
A dorky classmate  Chuck Sherman  claims to have done so by Steve Stifler  an ignorant and obnoxious lacrosse player who happens to be a close friend to the main four boys.
Vicky later accuses Kevin.
He must try and repair his relationship before the upcoming prom night.
When the four plan to lose their virginity.
He eventually succeeds.
Oz  meanwhile  joins the jazz choir and finds a girlfriend there.
He soon wins the attention.
However  he runs.
When Heather comes to learn and subsequently breaks up with him.
He later manages to regain some  and later most of it when he leaves the lacrosse championship to perform a duet with her in a choir competition.
Jim  meanwhile  attempts to pursue Nadia  an exchange student.
Who asks Jim to study for an upcoming test.
Stifler persuades him to set up a webcam.
That they can all watch it together.
The plan suffers a hiccup  though.
When Nadia discovers Jim s pornography collection and sits.
Jim is persuaded to return.
Where he joins Nadia  unaware that he accidentally sent the weblink.
He prematurely ejaculates twice  humiliating.
Nadia is preparing to have sex.
Himself live.
Shortly afterwards Nadia leaves school and goes back home  now leaving Jim completely dateless.
His likeliness is over.
Jim asks band camp geek Michelle Flaherty to the senior prom.
She is apparently the only girl who did not see what happened.
Finch  meanwhile  pays Vicky s friend  Jessica  $ 200  hoping.
It will increase his chances.
Unfortunately  he runs.
When Stifler  angry that a girl turned him down because she was waiting for Finch to ask her  puts a laxative into Finch s cappuccino.
Finch  being paranoid in the school restrooms  and unable to go home to use the toilet  is tricked by Stifler into using the girls  restroom.
He usually does.
Afterward  he emerges  humiliated and is left dateless.
Everything seems hopeless for the four boys.
Vicky asks the girl that Chuck Sherman claimed to have bedded.
She proclaims  leaving Sherman embarrassed and making him wet himself.
She and Sherman did not have sex.
The revelation takes the pressure off.
They head.
All four boys fulfill their pledge.
Kevin and Vicky have sex.
Vicky breaks up.
Her  he tries to persuade her otherwise but quickly realizes.
The distance will be too much of a burden.
Oz confesses the pact  and renounces it  saying that just by them being together makes him a winner.
They reconcile and wind up making love together.
Oz  honoring his newfound sensitivity  never confesses.
What they did.
Jim and Michelle have sex.
He finds out that she is actually not as naive as she let on and that she saw the Nadia Incident.
She accepted his offer to be his date  knowing.
He was a sure thing.
She makes.
Him wear two condoms to combat his earlier problem.
Jim is surprised to discover.
Michelle behaves unexpectedly aggressively.
He wakes up to find her gone and realizes.
She had used him.
Dateless  Finch strays downstairs.
Where he meets Stifler s Mom.
She is aroused.
They have sex.
Stifler enters the room  realizes and faints  unable to believe.
His mom has had sex.
His mom and Shit-break are together.
The morning  Kevin  Oz  and Finch eat breakfast at their favorite restaurant - with the fitting nostalgic name  Dog Years.
Where they toast.
The film ends.
His dad walks in but walks out and starts dancing.
<EOS>
Mel is a young creative director.
Who is engaged.
However  she catches him having sex and breaks off their relationship.
This depresses Mel.
Who begins flirting.
However  her best friend Didi convinces her to not become.
Didi takes her.
Where Are  an aspiring novelist  loans books and serves brownies.
She can not cook them  Are   has not eaten his own brownies.
Mel loves eating the chocolate confections.
Who cooks delicious brownies.
His mother died.
The two begin spending time together.
Eventually Are falls with Mel.
However   she comes.
When Joe says he is willing to break off his relationship and return to Mel.
Meanwhile  Are is left to launch his debut novel.
However   Mel goes.
When she realises that Joe does not truly love her.
<EOS>
The story begins.
An herbolario performs an abortion.
Cesar watches her.
The abortion was a success.
She becomes disturbed.
When Kuala sees the aborted fetus.
She walks in the middle of a grassy plain.
She becomes insane.
The heat becomes more and more unbearable.
Kuala wanders.
The movie returns.
The townsfolk make fun.
She is pushed.
Bertong Ketong  a leper lonely  attracts Kuala with a rattle and takes her to his shack in the cemetery.
Junior makes friends  defying the prohibitions of his father  Cesar Blanco  a lawyer and a failed politician.
Junior asks Berto s advice concerning his problems.
Who has a crush.
Junior has problems too.
Who flirts during a Santacruzan.
The jealous Junior leaves the procession and seeks the company.
Who seduces him.
The Asociacion de las Damas Cristianas is scandalized to discover.
Kuala is pregnant.
She is forced to live.
She tells him.
When Berto makes a clandestine visit.
Berto tells this.
Who resolves to help the pregnant Kuala make an escape and lead her back to Berto s shack.
However  Burto knows and returns her  and promises to retrieve her.
She will be taken away.
She has given birth.
Some nights later  Kuala experiences labor pains.
She finds her way.
Which point Berto rushes out to fetch a doctor.
Berto takes.
When the doctor refuses to help him.
Him hostage but repeats he will not kill him.
The doctor s wife shouts  awakening the townspeople.
Berto flees.
Who rush to follow the fleeing pair.
However  the doctor escapes and a chase ensues.
Berto and the doctor reach the shack.
A group come to the doctor s rescue and shoot Berto.
Junior sees this and is shocked  he holds Berto s dead body and cries.
Junior then enters the shack.
Where Kuala has successfully given birth.
The labor has made her weak.
Her thinking becomes lucid.
She recognizes Junior and realizes.
Berto has been killed.
She also recognizes Cesar  she asks him.
He killed their child  revealing his secret.
Kuala then gives her baby  and dies.
He stared hard.
Junior leaves the shack.
Who were unkind.
He walks and stops by.
The people look on.
Junior leaves the cemetery and Kuala s baby.
<EOS>
Sreenath works.
He meets a model Amritha and falls with her.
He tries to win her over.
She likes him  but says.
Her father has to approve him.
Sreenath and Amritha go to influence him and win over her parents.
But things go awry.
Amritha s father starts hating Sreenath due.
There comes a twist.
All his efforts to win him over.
The lovers are united.
<EOS>
John OHanlan and Harley Sullivan are aging cowboys working on open cattle ranges in Texas.
OHanlan gets a letter.
His disreputable and now deceased brother  DJ  left him something called The Cheyenne Social Club.
OHanlan and Sullivan learn.
They make the 1000 mile trek.
The Cheyenne Social Club is a high-class brothel next.
OHanlan s new-found status makes him the most popular man in town.
He decides to turn the Club.
The ladies hunker down  and show no sign of leaving.
John gets.
Who are equally angry.
John then learns   the land will revert back to the railroad.
DJ had made a deal.
The ladies leave the Club.
The Club is.
John returns to discover.
Jenny  the head girl  has been assaulted.
John   arms himself and goes to the bar.
Where Bannister is.
John kills Bannister.
When Bannister mistakes Harley s cracking pecans.
Just like DJ would have done the barkeeper intones.
The Sheriff advises John and Harley.
Bannister s relatives are sure to head once they learn of Bannister s death.
He says  but has to leave town.
He would like to stay and help John and Harley face down the Bannisters.
Harley heeds the Sheriff s warning and leaves to stay.
En route  Harley meets several men.
Harley discovers.
Engaging with the men.
They are the Bannisters.
He gets on.
The Bannisters show up.
John   kills two Bannisters from the window.
A third Bannister enters the house and is killed by Jenny.
Harley   kills the fourth Bannister.
Who has returned.
John yells  Is.
You Harley.
He shoots  but is gunned down by John.
The sixth Bannister runs away.
John and Harley are feted.
Had formerly shunned them.
The Sheriff congratulates them and then tells them 20 to 30  the Markstones  are heading to Cheyenne.
He says.
He would like to stay and help John.
Harley face the Markstones  but has to leave town again.
This time  John decides to leave.
He has DJ s lawyer transfer ownership to Jenny.
Months later   John receives a letter.
Working cattle.
He is touched  but tosses it into the fire before him.
Harley is upset.
John has destroyed the letter because he wanted to read it.
They then ride off together  arguing.
<EOS>
The Circus Clown is.
Who wants to join the circus.
<EOS>
Ishun is a wealthy but miserly scroll-maker  especially regarding his younger wife Osan   and married Ishun for money.
Who was.
He is refused.
When Osan s brother asks.
Osan then seeks help - one of Ishun s top apprentices   but is caught.
Who forges a receipt at obtaining the money from Ishun.
Ishun threatens to summon the authorities.
A maid asks him to forgive the act  claiming.
She had asked.
Ishun has made advances.
Who has refused him.
Ishun then assumes.
The maid is sleeping Mohei locked up in the attic.
She discovers her husband s attempted infidelities.
When Osan thanks the maid.
Hoping to confront him  she sleeps that night.
Mohei   sneaks into the room  in an attempt as saying goodbye to the maid before fleeing.
Who has escaped.
Osan attempts to persuade Mohei.
The two are interrupted.
When the shop clerk enters the room  and immediately assumes the two to be having an affair.
Mohei is chased away.
Ishun - - concludes.
His wife is having an affair.
Angered and insulted  Osan leaves the house  only to again encounter Mohei.
They later discover.
Ishun has alerted the police.
Mohei is now wanted.
The two decide to commit suicide together.
They change their minds  however.
When Mohei confesses his love.
They continue to flee.
Ishun s men and the police continue to pursue them.
They reach the home.
Where he reluctantly gives them food and shelter.
A traveling chestnut salesman has inadvertently notified Ishun s house of the whereabouts of the two lovers.
Ishun s men arrive.
S where the two are captured.
Mohei is bound and left.
Osan is taken en route to Ishun.
Mohei arrives  having been freed by his father.
Osan refuses to return.
Osan s mother tries to convince Mohei to turn himself.
Her brother goes to fetch Ishun and his men.
The lovers escape one last time.
As Ishun arrives.
It is revealed and confessed to adultery.
Mohei and Osan have turned themselves.
He has been found guilty and - as Osan.
Ishun did not report his wife s misdeeds  only Mohei s forgery.
Mohei are paraded en route to their crucifixion - all Ishun s property and wealth are being seized.
The other servants watch the parade and note.
Mohei and Osan look happier.
<EOS>
Police Inspector Tejpal Randhawa is assigned to investigate the case.
Whose body is recovered.
Insp.
Tejpal checks.
This matter can be linked.
The dead woman is identified.
Sheela had left their home to go to visit her parents.
He himself had gone  had accompanied his father-in-law to the nearest police station and filed a report.
When she had not arrived 24 hours later.
She is missing.
Insp.
Tejpal concludes.
Sheela was waylaid to her parents  house by person unknown  beaten.
Her body was left.
But this case puzzles him.
There was no apparent motive to waylay her.
No money was taken.
Her body does not show any signs.
Taking these facts.
Tejpal starts to suspect Ravi.
Ravi s assistant tries to help Ravi.
However  her involvement makes the matter worse.
The movie then takes the audience.
Ravi makes out.
<EOS>
The movie showcases the first 48 hours  until Derickson s liberation.
Derickson is forced to the flight deck door by Castro  one of the terrorists.
The aircraft leaves Athens.
She is able to defuse the situation.
Her efforts are shown to save the lives.
Whose body was thrown.
<EOS>
The Cartoonist tells.
The inspiring story hailed by Time Magazine as one of the ten greatest graphic novels of all time.
Arnold  Andrew D.
Time Magazine 2004-08-17 Fellow cartoonists Scott McCloud  Colleen Doran  Harvey Pekar  Paul Pope and Terry Moore  as well as friends  associates  experts and Jeff himself  share their stories of this worldwide phenomenon and is now found in bookstores  schools  libraries and the homes of millions of adults and children in 25 countries.
Began. 
The film provides a look at a unique industry and art form.
Continues to change and evolve.
<EOS>
Keri Russell plays Katie Armstrong  an American student studying criminal psychology.
She chooses a notorious subject  the cannibal killer Oliver Hartwin.
Oliver dreamed  he was able to find a volunteer  a young man Simon Grombeck.
The story is told.
Katie researches these men and their pasts.
Events culminate.
Documents the crime.
<EOS>
The male lead  Arumugham  sell.
His wife s jewelry to buy alcohol offers much-needed relief.
He soon goes for trying to brew liquor illicitly.
He finds.
The liquor shop has become a tea-stall and his wife destitute  leading.
<EOS>
A story struggles facing several pairs trying to find their way.
The film centers.
Who meet when Rasheen is abandoned.
We learn of Sam s best friend Annie  an Alopecia patient trying to find a reason to be loved  his friend Mary Catherine and her boyfriend Charlie  a couple facing the prospect of leaving New York  and Mississippi  a waitress/singer trying to make it in the Big Apple.
Happythankyoumoreplease captures a generational moment - young people.
What it means to love and be loved.
<EOS>
The film opens.
They get home and make love.
The refrigerator opens up and sucks the girl.
When the wife walks.
We then go.
They are moving.
They move.
Steve takes a new job.
Eileen is trying to become a performer.
Eileen pretends to be awarding an award.
Then walks all over Broadway.
They start having nightmares  Steve is seeing mini people inside the refrigerator.
When Steve and Eileen go to sleep.
Eileen has a nightmare.
She is seeing unborn babies.
Steve is soon driven by the refrigerator  leaving Eileen to cope with her and her acting career on her own.
A plumber named.
Juan comes  warning Eileen her refrigerator is from hell.
The devil controls it.
Steve and Eileen throw a party night  not only the refrigerator.
All go crazy and start slaughtering the guests.
Juan soon ties the refrigerator shut  and all the surviving guests leave the apartment  not knowing  another couple is soon interested  then the movie ends.
Where they are going to go.
<EOS>
Halsy Knox  a professional motorcycle racer  runs after a race held near Phoenix  Arizona.
They strike up a friendship.
Fauss is attracted.
Fauss s father  however  regards Halsy and refuses to help Halsy.
When his truck breaks down.
He tricks the admiring Fauss.
When Halsy arrives later where Fauss is employed.
Halsy   proposes.
Who has been barred.
They form a partnership in which Halsy would race with Fauss serving as the mechanic.
Fauss joins Halsy despite his parent s disapproval.
Fauss is constantly confronted to Halsy  both on and off the racetrack.
Their partnership is finally broken.
When Rita Nebraska  a drop-out  arrives at the racetrack and immediately attaches herself to Halsy  despite the attention Fauss pays her.
Fauss returns home after breaking his leg in a motorcycle accident.
Several months later   Halsy visits him and attempts.
When his leg has healed.
Who is now pregnant.
Fauss  however  refuses to take her.
He informs Halsy.
He plans to reenter the racing circuit.
The two men race a short time later at the Sears Point International Raceway.
Halsy s motorcycle breaks down.
He hears the announcement.
He leaves the track.
Fauss has taken the lead.
At the Sears Point meeting Little tells Halsey.
He has been drafted.
The difference is further defined.
<EOS>
Guilio Andreotti gives an inner monologue observing.
The film opens.
He has managed to survive his tumultuous political career while his various detractors have died.
A montage shows the murders.
The story notorious for his alleged ties to the Mafia.
The narration spans the period in 1992  to his failed bid for the presidency of the Italian Republic  to the Tangentopoli bribe scandal  until his trial in.
<EOS>
Carlo Caremoli arrives and enjoys life together with his friends at his father s villa.
Riccione is still peaceful.
Only few things remind.
The youth witness a German fighter flying low over the beach and causing panic among the crowd.
Carlo tries to protect a frightened little girl.
Who runs and meets her mother Roberta  a navy officer s widow.
He helps her to take the girl home.
Carlo is attracted  often meets her and even has a trip with her to San Marino   partly because of his father  Ettore Caremoli.
Roberta s mother disapproves this new acquaintance and urges her to stay away.
Who has been a brutal Fascist.
Meanwhile  Maddalena  a young sister  arrives from Catanzaro  fleeing the impending war.
Maddalena spends time.
Roberta together is invited to a circus.
However  the show is interrupted.
The friends proceed at Carlo s villa.
The men and women form couples and start dancing to a record of Temptation  Carlo with his girlfriend Rosanna and Roberta with a much younger boy.
The camera cuts  glaring at each other passionately.
Carlo asks Roberta s hand.
The couple ends up kissing.
Deeply hurts Rosanna.
The next day Roberta initially refuses to admit her feelings  but ultimately accedes.
Meanwhile  the news of Mussolini s ouster was announced.
Carlo and Roberta continue to go out.
However  Carlo s father is forced to flee.
His villa is confiscated.
Carlo meets Roberta once again and spends a night  provoking discontent of her mother.
Maddalena decides to leave.
A patrol discovers the couple on the beach and founds out.
Carlo s military ID has expired.
He has no chance to renew it anymore.
His father has fled.
Roberta proposes to hide.
The next morning they take a train.
However  the tracks are bombed by the Allies.
The couple barely escape death.
Roberta gets back on the train  but Carlo refuses to join her.
The war is over.
They part.
The train leaves.
<EOS>
Western Australia  May.
Archy Hamilton  an 18-year old stockman and prize-winning sprinter  longs to enlist.
He is trained  the world champion over 100 yards.
Archy gets into an argument with local bully Les McCann.
They race  under the condition.
Archy will run.
Les will ride his horse bareback.
Archy wins.
His feet are horribly mangled.
Later  Archy listens.
Uncle reads The Jungle Book.
The passage moves him deeply.
Wherein Mowgli reaches manhood and must leave the wolves that raised him.
Archy s political beliefs are influenced as well.
He hears several conversations taking place that convince him.
Eventually  Archy and Uncle Jack journey carnival.
Meanwhile  Frank Dunne is an unemployed railway labourer.
Who has run out.
He s a fast runner  though  and hopes to win the prize money.
However  he is deeply impressed.
When Archy defeats him.
Frank approaches Archy.
Who has been turned away for being under age.
Ultimately  he and Frank decide to travel to enlist.
Archy gives all the prize money Jack.
He won and tells.
He will not be coming home for he had decided to enlist.
Jack reluctantly lets Archy go.
They secretly hop only to awaken at an isolated station.
Archy and Frank are flat broke.
They walk.
Debating politics.
Archy and Frank stop for the night at a nearby cattle station.
They arrange to stay with Frank s father  an Irish immigrant.
Frank has little desire to fight for the British Empire.
However  loyalty persuades him to try to enlist in the Light Horse.
Unable to ride a horse  Frank enlists  Bill  Barney  and Snowy.
Many are revealed  wartime ultra-nationalism  anti-German propaganda  a sense of adventure  and the attraction of the uniform.
All soldiers embark on a transport ship bound for Cairo.
Frank and Archy are separated and embark.
Frank and his fellow soldiers train near the Pyramids and spend their free time in Cairo  drinking and visiting brothels.
Frank and Archy meet once again.
Frank is able to transfer.
They are now being sent as infantrymen.
Frank and Archy arrive and  over the next several days  endure the hardships and boredom of trench warfare.
Frank s infantry friends fight.
Afterwards  a traumatized Billy tells Frank  Barney was shot and killed.
What happened.
Snowy is.
He is denied food and water.
His last request is.
His diary be sent.
The following morning  Archy and Frank are ordered to take part at the Nek.
Is to act at Suvla Bay.
Archy is ordered to be the message runner.
He declines the offer and recommends Frank.
The 8th and 10th Light Horse attack defended by Turkish machine gunners.
The first wave is timed to go.
Unfortunately  the commanders  watches are unsynchronized.
The bombardment ends several minutes.
Nevertheless  the brigade s commander  Colonel Robinson  insists the attack proceed  the first wave goes and is mercilessly cut down within seconds.
Right  Archy recognizes his old rival Les and realizes.
The second wave goes over.
He is about to go over.
The second wave goes over.
Les is one to die.
Major Barton wants to halt the attack to end the carnage.
Colonel Robinson says.
Somebody told him ANZAC marker flags were seen  indicating that the attack was at least partially successful.
Moments later  the phone line goes dead.
Barton gives Frank a message to carry at brigade HQ  but   the Colonel insists.
When he arrives.
The attack continue.
Frank returns and suggests going over the Colonel s head to the Division Commander  General Gardner.
Lieutenant Gray  Barton s aide and second-in-command  admits to Barton.
He was the soldier who said that he saw marker flags.
However  Gray only heard but does not know.
There were marker flags.
Who said it.
Frank hurries.
The General is informed.
The British landing party is brewing tea on the beach.
He tells Frank.
He is reconsidering the attack.
The phone lines are repaired.
Frank frantically sprints back to convey this news.
The Colonel orders Barton to push on.
Barton joins his men by climbing out of the trench  pistol in hand  and signaling his men to charge.
Archy joins the last wave and goes over the top.
Frank arrives seconds too late and lets out a scream.
Archy drops his rifle and runs as hard.
All his companions are cut down.
He can.
The final frame freezes.
Evokes Robert Capa s The Falling Soldier.
<EOS>
Mr Fox and his wife Felicity trigger a fox trap and become caged.
Raiding a squab farm.
Felicity reveals.
She is pregnant and pleads with him to find a safer job when they escape.
Two years later  the Foxes and their sullen son Ash  are living.
Fox  now a newspaper columnist  moves the family  ignoring the warnings of his lawyer Badger about.
Dangerous the area is.
The tree is located very close.
Fox s nephew Kristofferson comes to live with them.
His father has become very ill.
Ash finds this situation intolerable  his soft-spoken cousin is apparently superior at sports.
Everyone   is charmed by Kristofferson at Ash s expense.
Fox and the opossum produce and poultry.
Who works as a building superintendent  Kylie Sven Opposum  steal.
The farmers decide to kill Fox and camp out.
The farmers open fire  but only manage to shoot off his tail.
When he emerges.
They then attempt to dig Fox out.
The farmers discover.
The Foxes have dug an escape tunnel.
Reasoning  the farmers lie at the tunnel mouth.
The Foxes will have to surface.
Underground  Fox encounters Badger and many other local animal residents.
Whose homes have also been destroyed.
Fox leads a digging expedition to the three farms  robbing them clean.
The animals begin fearing starvation.
Ash and Kristofferson  beginning to reconcile  return  intending to reclaim Mr Fox s tail.
The other animals feast.
Kristofferson defended Ash.
Ash escapes but Kristofferson is captured.
When they are interrupted.
Discovering  the farmers flood the animals  tunnel network.
Fox has stolen their produce.
The animals are forced.
Fox learns.
The farmers plan to use Kristofferson to lure him.
The animals are confronted.
Rat divulges Kristofferson s location.
A struggle leaves him mortally wounded.
He dies.
Fox asks the farmers  he will surrender in exchange for Kristofferson s freedom.
The farmers set up an ambush.
Fox and the others anticipate it and launch a counterattack.
Fox  Ash and Kylie slip.
A much-matured Ash frees Kristofferson and braves enemy fire to release a rabid beagle to keep the farmers.
The animals become accustomed.
Ash and Kristofferson settle their differences and become good friends.
Fox leads his family.
Celebrating their new food source and the news  the animals dance.
Felicity is pregnant again.
<EOS>
Suryaveer Surya Singh is a bitter man and ex-Army officer  hired to protect a little girl  Anamika R.
Rathore   Thailand.
Who resides.
He drinks all the time  and is not interested.
Eventually  she wins his heart.
He helps her to prepare.
A swim meet.
One day Anamika gets.
Kidnapped and Surya gets badly injured.
Her father is not able to pay the sum.
Order to release his daughter.
So Suryaveer uses all his skills to save the life  only to find out about the conspiracy.
Is. 
Surya learns.
Chang  Shekhar s lawyer  is.
The real mastermind is Chang s brother.
Surya holds Chang hostage.
Chang s brother holds Anamika hostage.
Chang s brother reveals a great secret.
When they come to exchange the people.
Surya learns.
Shekhar was all.
Surya kills Chang s brother s men.
A great fight starts.
Shekhar is killed.
Surya spends the rest with Anamika and her mother.
Anamika gets.
A new bodyguard and the film shows her  with Surya and her new bodyguard 15 years later.
<EOS>
Arun Prajapati has been trying to be a successful TV anchor.
Success has always eluded him.
He blames God.
Arun is head.
Who is a TV anchor and a well-known star working.
He has never been able to express his love.
Arun starts believing.
When Rocky is appointed.
Rocky will win Aaliya.
Later  Arun is sacked.
He has nobody to blame.
Whom he later meets.
An argument ensues  at the end.
Which God then decides to give Arun the power.
Arun then uses this power to put Rocky and win Aaliya s heart.
Arun starts listening.
God scolds him.
He later realizes  so to save time and effort he grants everybody s wishes.
Considering each person s wishes individually would be too.
The Rocky s wish.
Aaliya marries him.
He later asks God.
Is everything happening.
God explains.
It is his own fault and that everyone can not blame Him.
Arun feels bad.
God forgives him and starts his life over again.
He tricks Rocky into lying about loving Aaliya Khanna.
Aaliya turns.
Arun wins the heart.
<EOS>
The following description   was featured  A life of crime seems inevitable for Jecko.
Was written at the festival  and translated by Rupert Bottenberg  a Montreal-based journalist.
A mixed-race Quebecois  he witnessed his mother s death at his father s hands  an event.
When he was eight years old.
Scarred him.
Tossed  Jecko finally finds the sense of belonging.
He s lacked when he starts hanging out.
They invite him to join their gang  promising him money and power  everything.
He s dreamed but that he knows polite society will never offer him.
One highly susceptible to influence.
If it means bending.
If his initiation is to kill a stranger.
Several years later  crime and violence have brought Jecko.
Where riches and respect are earned.
A number  however  have him reconsidering the path before him.
It s time for Jecko to grab the steering wheel of his destiny.
But leaving St-Michel wo nt be so easy.
<EOS>
The movie begins.
Where a box is outside.
There are 6 puppies.
Soon children come.
Four black puppies are taken.
Soon only two puppies are left then a little boy and his mother come and take the black puppy.
Only the golden puppy is left.
Raining night he escapes.
A year later the dog called.
Tycho is eluding animal control.
Eventually he is caught and taken.
Calvin Wheeler is a popular boy.
Who collects comic books.
Calvin s best friend is Raymond Figg.
Who prefers to be called Figg.
He saved Figg s life.
When Figg had an Asthma attack.
Figg  very devoted  manages his schedule and occasionally does his homework.
Gotham Man is the name.
His collection is complete.
Is ever-so-rare  the first one  which is worth $.
He finds out.
When a show-dog runs while skateboarding.
When one wins a dog show  they earn major cash.
The cash prize is $.
Calvin needs to buy the first issue.
Calvin goes and adopts a dog named Tycho.
A girl and a volunteer  Emily Watson  believes.
This had to be another one that Calvin has in mind.
So she interviews Calvin and judges him a good owner.
She says yes.
When Calvin asks her  until she realizes that he s entering Tyco in a dog show.
But there is someone.
Who wants to make sure Calvin and Tycho lose and that is Preston Price  a stuck-up rich boy whom he and his dog have won two.
Preston hires people to beat Calvin up and later to pretend.
They are Tycho s real family.
Figg and Calvin come up.
When the three main characters realize that this is not Tycho s family.
He convinces Figg to pretend and to fake an asthma attack.
He is selling magazines.
Calvin runs.
When this happens.
Figg is still acting.
Emily forgives Calvin.
This is the day.
They decide to go.
Calvin s dad drives them there.
They are not prepared.
They come up.
They beat Preston.
Along he uses the money for good.
He gives the money.
That the dogs can have better homes.
The shelter is saved.
Figg  along  adopt a new pet.
Are quite unrealistic.
Calvin wins the Royal Hound Dog show the methods he uses.
<EOS>
The life   begins to change after his mother s death.
Who lives.
He hopes to start a new life.
He plans to steal.
His girlfriend  Deniz  finds his plan ridiculous and leaves him.
Akn then accepts an offer.
Leads. 
Having nothing to lose  Akn impresses his boss.
A new life also brings a new host of enemies.
<EOS>
Rescued  12 stray dogs are trained to be the stars of Jamaica s first dogsled racing team.
The crew  spearheaded  brings the unlikely meeting of a traditionally snow-bound sport to the sand and surf.
The team s dog mushers are given the opportunity.
Traveling the world.
The film features interviews.
<EOS>
Newspaper reporter-turned-proofreader Kazuyuki Asakawa reluctantly enlists the help by the name of Ryuji Takayama to break the curse of a cursed videotape.
<EOS>
Packing the Monkeys  Again.
Nebojsa is a journalist.
Who works.
He asks Jelena to do everything.
What all traditional Montenegrian women does.
Jelana studies literature.
She is suspicious having an affair.
Owners of their apartment are coming in their lives and bringing their problems to house of Nebojsa and Jelena - Nata  Dragica s and Dragoljub s.
Daughter is a problematic child.
But  most interesting thing is is a part.
Person who is re-telling this story  is a man who does nt know in which bathroom he fell on his head and writing.
<EOS>
Reside the Kaul family  consisting of Major Amrish  his wife Sudha  a son  Ajay  and a daughter.
Ajay meets due to the carelessness of Neha Pandit  this leads to their meeting again.
Both fall.
Ajay finds out  but this does not deter him.
Neha has been widowed.
He convinces her father-in-law R.
K.
Sharma to bless them.
He does so.
Neha is abducted by terrorists headed by Juded Afghani   and in exchange of Neha  Ms.
Who demand the release.
Anita Saxena the daughter.
Ajay must abduct Anita.
He is to ever see Neha alive again.
Amongst Anita s bodyguard is Major Amrish Kaul.
Who have now.
Ajay travels  and does abduct Anita  only to find out.
Neha herself.
Who is not what she claims to be.
She s also a terrorist.
Then Ajay tries to set things right.
He finally kills all the terrorist.
<EOS>
Hal Hefner is a fifteen-year-old student.
His older brother  his father Doyle has recently walked out.
Earl is an obsessive-compulsive kleptomaniac.
His mother Juliet has begun the father of his school friend  Heston.
Hal is riding the school bus home one day.
When he is approached.
She urges him to join her and replace her former partner  Ben Wekselbaum.
Who has dropped out after falling silent midspeech and losing the New Jersey State High School Policy Debate Championships.
He finds.
Hal initially declines.
Himself besotted and agrees to be her partner.
Hal and Ginny begin to study and form arguments on either side of.
Whether the federal government should support the teaching in public schools.
He runs out.
When Hal finds himself unable to talk.
Where Ginny joins him.
Hal kisses her hopefully.
She subsequently falls out.
Ginny s parents assure him.
She is confident they have already completed  and that she will meet him on the day of the debate.
Coach Lumbly of the debate team tells Hal.
Ginny has transferred  and that Hal will be paired with Heston for the day.
Struggling  Hal calls his therapist.
Who suggests that he sing his speech or talk.
Hal and Heston finish the day.
Ginny wins a trophy.
Coach Lumbly asks Hal to leave the team  telling him  and had only recruited him to damage the school s chances of winning.
Ginny had never planned to debate.
He breaks and takes a bottle of stolen tequila  then rides with Heston to his friend Lewis s house.
Who lives.
A drunken Hal drags Lewis s mother s cello and throws it through Ginny s window.
As she is arriving home.
Hal s mother breaks up with Heston s father.
Hal decides to seek out Ginny and return her trophy.
He stole.
She rejects his apology.
He travels to find Ben  Ginny s former debate partner.
Hal convinces Ben to debate.
They register.
A home-schooled team Championships.
Ben helps Hal to write his entire speech.
Order to overcome his stutter.
He is interrupted by Coach Lumbly and a Debate Official.
Who disqualifies Hal and Ben that neither of them is home-schooled and thus would have to be enrolled in a school team.
Ben is satisfied.
Hal finds Ginny.
He insists.
One day will be his day  while she tells him that it was not easy to betray him as he walks off.
He spends the evening.
Hal tries to tell him his view.
When his father picks him up.
Life and love should nt be rocket science  although he is unable to say the phrase rocket science due.
<EOS>
Gagin arrives during its annual fiesta.
He plans to confront and blackmail money.
An FBI agent Bill Retz approaches and asks him to turn over any incriminating information.
Gagin waits.
He may have.
The federal government can prosecute him.
Gagin denies having any information and says.
He s.
Gagin has other plans.
He takes refuge.
When he s not able to shake the FBI agent.
He meets Pila an Indian teenage peasant.
Who refuses to leave his side.
She and Pancho nurse his wounds.
When Pila witnesses an attempt to kill Gagin.
He wanders back.
When she leaves him alone.
Pila catches up.
He reaches Hugo s room.
Both are interrogated until Retz intervenes.
He was using to blackmail Hugo.
The story is somewhat changed.
Which Sailor  had wangled a deferment.
The names are different as well.
<EOS>
Their superhero dreams become reality.
When two high school nerds find a secret hoard.
But the alien owners are alerted  and return to claim their property in a bid to use it to wipe out humanity.
Can the geeks stop them.
<EOS>
Wealthy Suraj lives.
His parents find a suitable match.
When the time comes.
He instead marries a woman  antagonizing his parents.
Who ask him to make a choice.
Suraj chooses to stay and moves out.
Years later  Suraj s dad dies  leaving his mom alone to look  and making her promise.
She will never welcome Suraj  his wife  nor any in this house.
Suraj and his wife tragically pass away due  leaving behind a son named Raja.
One day grandmother Anjali receives a telegram informing her.
She instructs her servants not to let Raja  so he pitches a tent on her lawn and lives there  hoping one day to win her over and be invited in the house.
He succeeds.
Anjali welcomes him.
She would like him to marry a beautiful young woman.
He is.
But Raja is with Chhaya  a servant in their household.
Is quite unacceptable.
Her brother  Shankar  opposes her marriage with Raja  and would like her to marry Maniram.
It seems.
No one else.
<EOS>
Aravindan was poor tailor.
Who quit school.
Later he fall.
Who was daughter.
<EOS>
Tom and his cat friends -- Butch  Lightning  and Meathead -- are singing loudly.
The cats drop Tom off at home  he is now very tired.
He climbs up.
Mammy Two-Shoes chastises Tom.
Tom goes and nearly falls asleep.
Mammy warns him that he will be kicked out if she catches him sleeping.
Jerry hears Mammy s warnings and decides to make things difficult  encouraging the cat to fall asleep.
Order to get him thrown out.
Tom ends up drinking loads to keep himself alert.
Tom still falls asleep.
Mammy asks him Was you sleeping.
Tom shakes his head  Tom continues to try everything to stay awake.
Tom cunningly paints yellow circles to give the illusion.
He is sleeping.
Mammy is led to believe.
Tom is awake.
Jerry sees  Jerry decides to rips off part of Tom s fur.
The cat is immediately woken and chases.
Jerry has made signs  Tom stops to read them  Are you sleepy.
Jerry s signs lead Tom.
Where Tom falls asleep.
Jerry watches.
An unsuspecting Mammy sees Tom  and violently throws Tom out of the house.
Tom crashes  but soon falls asleep once again.
They pick him up and drag him along with them through the alleyway.
Once again singing.
<EOS>
The animation is divided.
Factual conversation shows Arcimboldo-like heads gradually reducing each other to bland copies  Re-animating the Lost Objects dChildhood and the Everyday  Jan Svankmajer Passionate discourse shows a clay man and woman.
Who dissolve sexually  then quarrel and reduce themselves to a frenzied  boiling pulp.
Exhaustive discussion consists.
Who extrude various objects and intertwine them in various combinations.
<EOS>
The protagonist  an unnamed Jewish private and a barber by profession  is fighting for the Central Powers in the army of the fictional nation of Tomainia  comically blundering through the trenches in combat scenes.
The private attempts to rescue the exhausted officer  Commander Schultz.
The two board Schultz s nearby airplane and fly off  escaping enemy fire.
Schultz reveals.
He is carrying important dispatches that could win the war.
However  the plane loses fuel and crashes.
They both survive.
The private suffers.
Commander Schultz gives them the dispatches  but is told.
Medics arrive.
Tomainia lost.
Twenty years later   Adenoid Hynkel  the ruthless dictator  has undertaken to persecute Jews throughout the land  aided by Minister of the Interior Garbitsch and Minister of War Herring.
The amnesiac private is released.
The symbol is the double cross.
Hynkel himself speaks.
The Jewish private/barber  unaware to power  returns to his barbershop in the Jewish ghetto -LCB- -LCB- dn -RCB- -RCB- and is shocked.
When storm troopers paint Jew.
Hannah  a beautiful resident of the ghetto  knocks both Stormtroopers on the head with a frying pan.
The barber finds a friend and ultimately a love interest.
Soon  the barber is attacked again  but is saved.
When Commander Schultz  now a high official  intervenes.
Schultz recognizes the barber  and therefore regains his memory.
Who is reminded by Schultz.
Schultz orders the storm troopers to leave him and Hannah alone.
Surprised to find him a Jew.
Hynkel relaxes his stance.
Egged on  Hynkel has become obsessed with the idea of being Emperor of the world  dancing at one point with a large  inflatable globe  to the tune of the Prelude to Act I of Richard Wagner s Lohengrin.
Hynkel plans to invade the neighboring country of Osterlich  and needs the loan to finance the invasion.
Hynkel reinstates and intensifies his persecution.
When the Jewish financier refuses.
Him placed.
When Schultz  who is empathetic  voices his objection to the pogrom  Hynkel denounces Schultz as a supporter of democracy and a traitor  and orders.
Schultz flees and begins planning to overthrow the Hynkel regime with Hannah  the barber and other residents there.
Schultz and the barber are captured and condemned to the camp.
Hynkel is initially opposed in his plans to invade Osterlich.
Hynkel invites Napaloni to impress him with a display of military might and psychological warfare.
This ends.
Which Hynkel immediately reneges.
Hannah had emigrated to escape Hynkel  but once again finds herself living under Hynkel s regime.
Schultz and the barber escape.
Border guards mistake the barber  to.
Whom he is nearly identical.
Conversely  Hynkel   falls overboard and is mistaken for the barber and is arrested by his own soldiers.
The barber  now assuming Hynkel s identity  is taken to make a victory speech.
Garbitsch   decries free speech and argues for the subjugation of the Jews.
The barber then makes a rousing speech  reversing Hynkel s antisemitic policies and declaring.
Tomainia and Osterlich will now be a free nation and a democracy.
He calls to break free from dictatorships and use science and progress to make the world better instead.
Wikiquote  Charlie Chaplin Hannah  now an impoverished laborer  hears the barber s speech on the radio  and is amazed  Hannah  can you hear me.
When Hynkel addresses her directly.
The clouds are lifting.
The sun is breaking through.
We are coming out into the light.
We are coming.
Where men will rise.
Look up  Hannah.
The soul has been given wings.
He is beginning to fly.
He is flying.
Belongs. 
Look up  Hannah.
Look up.
<EOS>
Anak-anak Borobudur / Children is an Indonesian movie.
Ten-Year old Amat is able to carve a sculpture.
Sometimes he helps his deaf-mute father.
Who makes a living.
One day  Amat decides to enter a sculpting competition.
The competition and its subsequent victory prove to be disastrous.
Amat decides to return his award.
He confesses that it was his father who finished the sculpture and Amat did not submit the sculpture.
But  the incident prompts other villagers to dismiss and shun Amat and his father.
<EOS>
Rhapsody is a tale of three generations and their responses to the atomic bombing of Japan.
Kane is an elderly woman.
Whose husband was killed.
Next  come her two children and their spouses   as well as their Nisei cousin Clark.
Of whom grew up.
Who grew up.
Finally  there are Kane s four grandchildren.
Who were born and provide most of the dialogue in the film.
Kane s grandchildren come to visit her.
Their parents visit a man who may or may not be Kane s brother.
They are bored out of their minds  find her cooking to be disgusting  and escape to the urban environment of Nagasaki the first chance.
They get.
The children visit the spot where their grandfather was killed in 1945 and become aware of the atomic bombing for the first time in their lives.
They slowly come to have more respect and also grow to question the United States for dropping the Bomb.
They receive a telegram from their American cousins.
Who turn out to be rich and offer the parents a job managing their pineapple fields.
Matters are complicated.
When   the grandchildren mention the attack  which infuriates their parents.
To smooth things over  one travels to Japan to be with Kane for the anniversary.
Kane and the grandchildren reconcile over the bombing.
There. 
<EOS>
Pasqualino   hears the voice of his father telling   you finally can stay with the animals.
That you are thirteen and are a man.
And Pasqualino will spend weeks.
It will be.
The games are a distant memory  and.
What he most suffers is the separation.
Saro  born a paraplegic  needs.
Worsen a very difficult economical situation.
Pasqualino seems.
To accept this destiny but in his heart hopes to emigrate and to build a worthier existence.
The present condition becomes unbearable.
Makes him a sort.
He wishes to go away.
He often meets with him peaceful or awkward moments of his life in the countryside.
One day Vito   loses a sheep  the owners infuriated hits the boy.
Who has a hemorrhage and dies.
The body is thrown to escape justice simulating a death by accident.
Pasqualino  eyewitness  is scared and plans to flee.
Driven he begins to think about the difficulty of the plan.
First  he needs new clothing  different from the simple shepherd dress.
He wears.
He remembers.
His father had promised him a suit.
He had chosen a doppio petto.
Now this garment represents the freedom.
He can not wait to wear it.
He sends them back.
When the father discovers the boy and his brother playing.
Now work appears harder than ever.
The dream has almost vanished.
But a surprise restores hope  Pasqualino s grandfather has persuaded the tailor to go up there  to measure his new double chest suit.
It will be ready.
The moment is close  the last days seem never to go by  the time seems to have stopped.
An event upsets forever the life of Pasqualino  a peasant warns him to return urgently home.
He runs.
Express. 
He sees his brother Saro  dead  wearing a double-breasted suit.
When he arrives.
<EOS>
Pie is a sweet girl.
Who moves where she finds out that her new roommate Kim  is a tomboy who looks and dresses like a boy.
Pie and Kim begin to wonder.
Their friendship develops.
The feeling they feel is just an ordinary friendship or true love.
<EOS>
Siva is an IT professional and an orphan.
Who falls a chirpy girl whose brother a long haired bearded guy is a big time terrorist who is planning to bomb Chennai city.
The guy.
He plants a shoe bomb and dumps him in the city center and asks him to start running.
It will explode killing all the people.
He slows down.
Commissioner  bomb squad officer Anu are.
Is. 
The bomb is defused and turns.
What the rest is about.
<EOS>
Break into the Maryland School of Arts and trash the school s theatre  damaging many of the props.
Tyler helps the two escape  accepting full blame  himself.
When a security guard appears.
He is sentenced.
Is to be served.
He peers in and meets Nora Clark  a student preparing for her senior showcase  an audition performance.
Working. 
Could determine whether or not she is offered a job to attend the performance.
Nora curiously watches with his friends  mockingly incorporating a mashup of break-dance and the ballet moves.
When Mac and Skinny pay Tyler a visit.
He s recently observed.
Nora finds herself.
When Nora s dance partner  Andrew  sprains an ankle.
Auditioning some sophomore students to replace him  she decides.
None meet her expectations.
Tyler offers to help.
Nora  initially  refuses.
But.
He can handle the demand.
Tyler is antagonistic toward Nora as well as her boyfriend  Brett.
Of whom respond.
Nora and Tyler grow closer  each teaching the other.
They continue to rehearse.
Tyler also befriends a musician.
Who has a crush.
Day  she takes him to a special spot on the waterfront  near a company.
Which her late father used to work  revealing that this is where she first envisioned her routine.
She confesses.
She d always imagined it.
Tyler becomes inspired to help her dream come true and begins recruiting younger dancers.
Brett signs a recording deal  but in doing so  betrays his friend  Miles  to get the opportunity.
Disgusted  Nora breaks up with Brett.
Meanwhile  Tyler continues to attempt a balance.
Nurturing a troubled relationship.
Tyler asks Director Gordon.
She will let him attend the school.
She advises.
He must prove that he deserves a chance.
Nora suggests.
The showcase could also be used.
Where Lucy and Miles perform.
Rehearsals continue as normal.
Andrew  Nora s former dance partner  returns seemingly healed.
Tyler feels.
He is no longer needed.
Angrily accuses Nora her ex-boyfriend treated Miles.
He leaves the group and thus returns.
However   Nora has been incorporating many of Tyler s suggestions for the routine  and finds.
The new choreography is now much too difficult to perform.
Andrew resigns himself.
Nora is  once again  left.
Crushed  she questions her efforts and considers abandoning her dance career  but receives an emotional confession and strong encouragement.
Who once opposed her future.
Nora transforms the choreography.
Later  Mac s younger brother  Skinny  is fatally shot.
They need to make better choices.
Tyler surprises Nora.
He tries to persuade Nora to let him perform  and to forgive him for overreacting.
She initially declines  but suddenly changes her mind.
Tyler wishes her good luck and walks away.
Tyler  Nora  and the ensemble perform their original choreography against Miles  latest musical score.
When the curtain opens.
Director Gordon is beaming.
The crowd is blown away.
Backstage   Nora is overwhelmed and embraces Tyler.
When a proud Director Gordon tells a fellow Director.
She repeats advice.
<EOS>
Frank and Martha Addison live.
Where he does top-secret work.
They have a young son  Tommy.
Who goes to Santa Fe for a carnival  where teacher Ellen Haskell ca nt find him when Tommy s winning ticket in a raffle is announced.
The Addisons receive a telegram telling them Tommy has been kidnapped.
The teacher also gets.
Frank  ordered to keep quiet  lies.
He left work early and picked up his son.
Ellen s boyfriend is an FBI agent  Russ Farley.
She passes.
Farley and partner Harold Mann begin tailing the Addisons.
He wants to inform the authorities.
When a kidnapper instructs Frank to steal a file and mail it to a Los Angeles hotel.
Martha fears.
A small-time thief  David Rogers  picks up the file and takes it  followed by the FBI s agents and cameras.
His car explodes  killing him.
Rogers first passed the file at the game.
FBI film spots a hot-dog vendor.
Who is actually Donald Clark  a man.
Tommy is moved to the site of an Indian ruin in New Mexico.
Where they briefly encounter the Fentons  a family.
The mastermind turns out to be Dr Rassett  a physicist.
He studies the file.
Addison mailed and determines it to be a fake.
Rassett orders the boy killed.
Tommy has escaped and is hiding.
The son has the raffle ticket.
He found.
FBI agents rush.
Where Rassett is arrested.
Tommy is saved.
<EOS>
The documentary covers.
Whose songs are more traditional.
Some are Guy Clark  Townes Van Zandt  Steve Earle  David Allan Coe  Rodney Crowell  Gamble Rogers  Steve Young  and The Charlie Daniels Band.
The movie features the first known recordings.
Who were quite young and appear to be students of mentor Guy Clark.
Steve Earle was also a big fan.
The beginning shows Larry Jon Wilson in a recording studio.
After he had been woken up after having been partying all night after a gig into the morning.
The film maker goes and visits Townes Van Zandt at his trailer and his girlfriend Cindy  his dog Geraldine  Rex Wrecks Bell  and Uncle Seymour Washington at his place   and.
Who is also called The Walking Blacksmith.
Who gives his great worldly advice and represents a very important aspect of the atmosphere.
These songwriters living are surrounded by and involved in.
The movie shows.
Charlie Daniels completely fill a big high school gymnasium.
Then the camera man  sound recorder and director join David Allan Coe and film him playing a gig and seems to bring out friends of his onto the stage.
Where he admits and tells a story of being there.
Who still are inmates there.
They perform a gospel number Thank You Jesus.
They used to sing.
The end shows a drinking party.
Starts Christmas Eve and ends sometime Christmas Day with Guy  Susanna Clark  Steve Young  Rodney Crowell  Steve Earle  Jim McGuire  along with several other guests.
Steve Young leads the group.
I m So Lonesome I Could Cry.
Rodney Crowell leads everyone.
<EOS>
The firefighters   Lt.
Of whom are brothers.
Stephen Bull McCaffrey  the elder  is experienced  Brian  has labored all his life.
He returns to firefighting.
A number falter.
Stephen has doubts that Brian is fit to be a firefighter.
Brian witnessed the death of their father  Dennis.
The longest serving  John Axe Adcox  served under the McCaffreys  father in the department and was like an uncle to the boys.
When their father died.
He attacks fires head on  but is concerned and disregard for safety procedures.
Helen McCaffrey is Stephen s estranged wife and the mother.
Helen has grown fearful to firefighting and the risks he takes.
She separated to protect herself and Sean.
They are still.
Martin Swayzak is an alderman.
He hopes to be elected mayor  but has had to make a number to the fire department.
Many believe.
The cuts are endangering firefighters  lives.
Jennifer Vaitkus is Brian s ex-girlfriend and works.
Her loyalties are torn.
Donald Shadow Rimgale is a dedicated arson investigator.
He is called.
A number appear connected.
Arsonist Ronald Bartel has been imprisoned.
Rimgale manipulates Bartel s obsession to ensure Bartel s annual application for parole is turned down.
Brian consults Bartel.
Order to determine the missing link.
It is revealed.
Swayzak was paid off to shut down firehouses so they could be converted  with the contractors receiving contracts for the construction.
Stephen urges them to move in quickly to take out the fire.
When 17 answers a call.
Brian s friend and fellow probationary fireman trainee Tim Krizminski   accidentally opens a door only to be met by a backdraft.
His face is burned.
He survives.
Adcox and Brian both blame Tim s condition.
Stephen confronts Adcox during a multiple-alarm fire at a chemical plant.
Adcox admits.
He set the fires to kill associates because Swayzak was benefiting from the deaths of firefighters.
Stephen grabs Adcox s hand.
When an explosion destroys the catwalk they are.
Adcox requests Stephen let go.
Stephen loses his grip.
Adcox is killed.
Stephen is mortally wounded.
Brian  having been injured  rushes to help other firefighters reach his brother.
Stephen dies at his side  his final request being.
Brian not reveal that Adcox was.
Brian and Rimgale  with the help of the police  interrupt a Swayzak press conference.
Rimgale questions Swayzak.
Led  including Stephen and Adcox  effectively killing Swayzak s mayoral ambitions.
Brian decides to continue despite the loss of his father and brother.
<EOS>
Sivankutty is a big fan.
A part-time mechanic  Sivankutty ekes out a living selling tickets in the black.
It is.
Comely Karishma walks.
Karishma is an engineering student.
Who happens to be staying.
Sivankutty is bowled over by Karishma s curls and charms.
But Sivankutty s friend Thanki is too.
Sivankutty is unaware.
Later  a local dada  Bhaskaran kills a policeman and ends up.
Beside herself  the policeman s mother goes mad.
No one is ready to testify.
Bhaskaran was a terror.
But the pitiable plight moves Sivankutty.
Who musters courage to give evidence.
A pep talk also gives Sivankutty the courage to take on the dada.
The daring deed makes him a hero.
Soon Sivankutty learns.
Bhaskaran is out.
The ` hero  develops cold feet.
Is the climax featuring a burly Bhaskaran and scared-out-of-his-wits Sivankutty.
What follows.
<EOS>
Corporal John Bramble is the sole survivor.
Delirious  he stumbles into the Empress of Britain  a small  isolated hotel owned by Farid.
The staff consists.
The cook has fled.
The waiter Davos was killed the night.
The swiftly advancing Germans take.
Farid and Mouche can decide what to do.
Bramble assumes the identity to save himself.
Bramble is stunned to discover  but manages to play along.
When Rommel summons him.
Davos was a valued German spy.
He learns.
He is to be sent.
Later  he steals a pistol.
However  Mouche steals the pistol and waits.
One realizes.
When some captured British officers are brought.
Davos has been replaced.
Bramble privately explains.
Who he is and what he plans to do.
The officer orders.
Him to use his position to instead gather military intelligence.
Rommel teases his guests  allowing them to ask him twenty questions about his future plans.
Bramble listens.
He eventually deduces.
The field marshal  disguised before the war  had secretly prepared five hidden supply dumps  the Five Graves to Cairo  for the conquest of Egypt.
The final piece falls into place.
When Bramble realizes that Rommel s cryptic references printed on his map.
Meanwhile  Bramble and Mouche clash.
She despises the British.
He is disgusted at.
She is playing up.
Mouche s motives are not mercenary  she pleads to release her wounded soldier brother from a concentration camp.
It turns out.
He is unmoved.
His aide  Lieutenant Schwegler  is more appreciative.
He pretends to help her  showing her fake telegrams.
That night however   Schwegler discovers the body.
When everyone takes shelter during an Allied air raid.
Bramble and Schwegler play a deadly game of hide and seek in the darkened hotel.
Bramble kills his foe.
He hides the body.
She threatens to unmask him.
When Mouche finds out.
However  she has a change.
Schwegler s body is soon found.
Rommel accuses her.
When she discovered he was lying.
Mouche does not deny it.
Bramble leaves  but arranges for Farid to present faked evidence the next day.
Bramble committed the crime.
Bramble s information allows the British to blow up the dumps and thus thwart Rommel s plans culminating.
He is devastated to learn.
When Bramble returns to the hotel.
The Germans had executed Mouche  not  but because she would not stop saying that the British would be back.
He takes the parasol  and uses it to provide shade.
He had bought.
<EOS>
Paul Naschy returns.
He searches by visiting the grandson of the infamous Dr Jekyll.
He is given a serum.
Transforms him that it will sublimate his werewolf self.
It results unfortunately.
The film features a classic scene.
Wherein the wolfman transforms  much to the chagrin of a female fellow passenger.
Famed Euro-horror star Jack Taylor played Dr Henry Jekyll.
<EOS>
Mine owner Jackson Decker orders his manager to obtain miner Tom Bailey s milling machinery  no matter.
What the cost.
Suspicion naturally falls.
When Bailey is found murdered.
Jackson s son  a Canadian Mountie  is directed to seek out the murderer  or murderers  and bring them.
The Mountie joins forces to learn the truth.
The foursome soon discover.
There is a secret gold mine  a double crossing casino owner  and a forger.
<EOS>
Alfalfa spends penmanship class writing a note to Spanky  informing his pal.
The three little kids  Buckwheat and Porky  have firecrackers and that Spanky should think.
Alfalfa delivers his note.
The two boys stop Buckwheat and Porky and offer to trade a magnifying glass and a water pistol for the firecrackers.
Soon as recess begins.
Spanky and Alfalfa sneak and borrow his clothing to disguise themselves as an adult.
When Buckwheat and Porky refuse their offer.
Spanky sits  and also cuts Alfalfa s cowlick off to use as a mustache.
Telling the little kids  the ersatz Spanky-Alfalfa adult succeeds.
He s a.
Spanky and Alfafa fail to make an escape  however.
Undaunted  Spanky discards the disguise and begins attempting to light the firecrackers.
Buckwheat gets even by sneaking into the classroom and ringing the teacher s bell  bringing recess to an early end.
Spanky has Alfalfa.
Everyone heads inside.
Stuff the firecrackers.
Porky picks up Spanky s magnifying glass.
He d left discarded as he headed back inside.
Back  Miss Lawrence calls on the children to recite their recitations.
It turns out.
Alfalfa is the only one willing to recite.
He stands to recite The Charge  revealing the firecrackers in his back pocket.
Using the magnifying glass  Porky trains the light  setting off the firecrackers  the poor boy s backside is on fire.
That Alfalfa reaches the Cannons to the left of me/Cannons to the right of me/Volleyed and thundered verses of the poem.
Alfalfa runs.
Where he puts his rear out.
His eyes closed  he dunks his rear end.
He does.
This looks on and begins to laugh at the situation.
He does not notice them.
Then he looks over.
He continues to dunk.
He turns red and is VERY embarrassed  but ca nt stop dunking.
When Alfalfa sees the whole class.
It feels so good.
<EOS>
Troy Bolton and Gabriella meet.
Both teenagers are.
The two are called upon to sing karaoke together.
They seem to be attracted  and exchange numbers before parting.
Troy sees Gabriella in his homeroom.
She explains.
She just moved and transferred to East High over break.
Troy shows Gabriella.
They pause.
This alarms Drama Club president Sharpay Evans.
Who assumes that Gabriella is interested.
Wanting to eliminate competition  Sharpay investigates the new girl and arranges to find out about Gabriella s past academic achievements.
Troy has trouble focusing.
His thoughts are that he might enjoy singing more.
Gabriella and Troy both go.
Both are too shy to audition.
Troy offers to sing  but Ms.
When Gabriella finally summons the courage to step forward.
Darbus tells them.
They are too late.
Darbus apparently leaves  Kelsi Nielson  the composer  trips and drops her things.
Troy and Gabriella rush to help her.
They sing together.
Kelsi plays piano -LRB- What I ve Been Looking.
Ms.
Darbus overhears them and gives them a callback audition.
Sharpay is furious to learn.
When the callback list is posted.
She has competition.
The rest are shocked.
Troy and Gabriella have auditioned.
Other students confess their own secret passions and talents  alarming both Taylor and Troy s friend Chad Danforth.
Both Taylor and Chad want their teammates to focus.
Gabriella has agreed to join the scholastic decathlon team.
To help Troy and Gabriella return  Chad and the basketball team trick Troy into saying.
Gabriella is not important while she watches that the scholastic decathlon team has set up.
Gabriella is hurt  she refuses to talk and decides not to audition for the musical.
Chad and Taylor feel guilty  and decide to tell them the truth.
Troy goes.
Chad and the basketball team tell Troy what they did and offer to support him.
They make up.
Intimidated.
Darbus to change the callback time to coincide.
That Gabriella and Troy can not participate.
Kelsi overhears the conversation and the basketball team.
The decathlon team work together to come up.
Taylor and Gabriella use the school s computers to cause a series of mishaps.
Delay the big game and the decathlon.
Troy and Gabriella rush.
Both competitions delayed.
Sharpay and Ryan finish performing their song  confident.
Their plan worked.
Troy and Gabriella then audition and Ms.
Darbus gives Troy and Gabriella the lead roles  making Sharpay and Ryan understudies.
Troy and Gabriella both win their respective competitions.
The film ends.
When the entire school gathers.
A short scene show Zeke pacing alone in the gym.
Sharpay comes running.
She then hugs.
Him and he says he ll make her a creme brulee.
<EOS>
A naive country boy named.
Benny Miller   has been taking correspondence phonograph lessons in salesmanship.
He leaves his mother and his girlfriend Martha to pursue a career in Los Angeles.
He arranges a meeting.
The sales manager  John Morrison  mistakes him and has him remove his clothing.
When he arrives to ask.
Morrison s secret wife  Hazel Temple  discovers the mistake and suggests.
Benny be hired to avoid an accounting scandal  as they have been cooking the books.
Unfortunately  Benny is fired after only one day.
Clarence transfers Benny.
Is run.
Benny s misfortunes continue.
When they convince him that he can read minds.
However  the prank gives Benny sufficient confidence to become Hercules  ` Salesman.
He is sent back to receive his award.
He alludes.
Demonstrating his ` abilities.
Morrison has a secret bank account.
Morrison sends his wife to obtain more information to determine.
What he actually knows.
Hazel and Benny go.
Where Benny becomes ill.
Hazel then gives Benny a sedative  and inadvertently takes one herself.
Morrison comes home to find the two asleep together  and fears.
They had a tryst.
That evening  Benny learns of the mind-reading ruse  and overhears Morrison speaking ill of him.
Benny returns.
Where he also encounters Chandler  his coworker Ruby  and the Hercules company president  Mr Van Loon.
They announce.
Morrison has been fired  and has been replaced.
Benny is now sales manager.
<EOS>
A mailman delivers two packages and whistles out loud.
Tom approaches to see.
Nothing is.
He spots a package though  and opens it to find a book entitled Life with Tom.
He hides.
Jerry walks and retrieves a letter.
Tom then hears a radio program.
Announces the publication by Jerry Mouse.
Tom opens the book and flips the page to Tom  Without whom  I could do very well.
Tom moves.
Flashback s Cat Fishin  beginning and ending chase.
Where Tom uses Jerry.
Where Spike gives.
Back   To this day  Tom still thinks.
Where the book reads.
He caught a new species.
This makes Tom furious.
He overhears his alley cats friends laughing.
He skims.
Flashback s The Little Orphan beginning.
Where Jerry and Nibbles are walking and ending where Tom surrenders  waving the white flag.
Back  Tom hears Spike and Tyke laughing.
He extends his neck out to see what page.
The dogs are reading and moves where Jerry reveals that while Man s best friend is a dog  Jerry s best friend is a canary.
Flashback s Kitty Foiled beginning and ending.
Where the canary is shocked.
Where Tom plunges down a hole.
Back again.
Tom is so furious to discover  his face becomes a bright shade of red.
He is a laughing stock.
He marches over  tearing off the facade and smashing the book over Jerry.
Jerry then shows Tom the letter.
He had received that morning.
The letter states Dear Jerry  enclosed find royalty checks.
Half of this is for your friend Tom.
Tom finds a check  addressed to him.
<EOS>
Tells the story of Sheamy  a gentle Irish.
Who arrives to find his old family friend and mentor Father Brendan.
Sheamy reaches out to the only other person he knows in London  Rory.
Rory  a talented musician and band member  takes Sheamy and introduces him to his flatmate Katie.
Immediately  the attraction is undeniable.
However  Katie is a warm hearted woman.
Their intense romance is short-lived and begins to collapse.
When the past comes back to haunt them.
<EOS>
Student Daisy leaves a club alone after having an argument with her beatnik boyfriend Max.
Walking  she stops to admire some gruesome paintings in a gallery window painted by artist Antonio Sordi.
Who coincidentally also comes to look in on his lost children.
Sordi convinces the young woman to pose nude for him that night.
Sordi is possessed by the spirit of a long-dead ancestor and suddenly transforms into a vampiric monster.
Who hacks the screaming Daisy with a cleaver.
Afterwards  he lowers her mutilated corpse.
Sordi   stalks Venice in search of victims  he is able to do so freely at all hours.
He chases a young woman into the surf at a beach and drowns her.
He kills a prostitute in a car  all of them assuming the pair are lovers sharing an intimate moment.
Pedestrians stroll.
Another victim is approached  chased into a swimming pool  and drowned there.
The other guests have moved.
The murdered women are carried back and painted by the artist  their bodies then covered in wax.
Max wants to make up but can not find her anywhere.
Learning  he visits her sister Donna to ask her forgiveness.
She has posed and become the subject of the latest in the artist s series of Dead Red Nudes.
Donna tells Max.
She has nt seen Daisy  and is concerned about the recent rash of disappearances.
She reads Max the legend  a painter condemned to be burned at the stake for capturing his subjects  souls on canvas.
Unable to convince Max  she confronts the artist and asks him.
Antonio Sordi might also be a vampire.
He has seen Daisy.
He angrily brushes her off.
That night  he later follows her.
Murders her.
She tries to escape on a carousel.
The human Sordi is.
He tries to protect her from his vampiric tendencies  warning her and at one point breaking a date with her to spend time gaining control of his feelings for her.
His studio is a cheerless place.
He believes.
When she turns up.
She is the reincarnation.
He is about to slash her throat and successfully free her from the tower.
When Max and his beatnik friends finally realize Sordi is a murderer.
Melizza  seen  brings three of Sordi s victims back to life.
Sordi keeps concealed.
They dispatch him.
<EOS>
The film starts.
It is the wedding.
Chuckie Finster grows increasingly saddened.
His own died shortly after he was born.
His own father Chaz shares Chuckie s loneliness.
Tommy Pickles  father Stu is summoned to fix a malfunctioning Reptar robot.
Is powered.
Tommy  Chuckie  Phil and Lil  Angelica Pickles  Dil Pickles  their dog Spike  and all their parents travel to take a vacation at the park.
Coco LaBouche  EuroReptarland s mean and cold-hearted director  seeks to become the head after the current president.
Mr Yamaguchi resigns but learns she will need the heart.
Angelica overhears a conversation between Coco and Yamaguchi  before being caught.
To save herself  Angelica suggests.
Coco marry Chaz  offering to help for getting her own parade in the park.
Coco strikes up a relationship.
Her attempts fall flat.
The adults and babies meet Kira Watanabe and her daughter  Kimi.
Who originate.
Kira works and helps her to win Chaz s affections.
Meanwhile  Spike gets lost and falls in love with a stray poodle named Fifi.
Kira tells the babies the in-universe origins  explaining.
He was a feared angry monster until a princess revealed his gentler side to make the frightened humans.
Chuckie decides  and is aided.
The princess should be his new mother.
They are stopped.
Angelica informs Coco  so Coco sneaks into the stage production of Reptar and takes the stage as the princess  luring Chuckie into her arms to make it look.
She is wonderful.
Chaz is thrilled deciding and decides to marry her  much.
She would make an excellent mother.
Coco shows her true colours  trapping the children in a warehouse with her aid Jean Claude as their guard and fires Kira.
She learns.
Chuckie rallies the children to crash Chaz s wedding using the Reptar robot.
They are chased.
Who pilots the Robosnail robot  Reptar s nemesis.
They fight into the Seine river.
Chaz s wedding proves to be quite horrendous  with Coco forcing Chaz to go through with the wedding despite Chuckie s absence  and rushing the Archbishop of Paris.
She completely loses her temper and throws the Bible.
Chuckie crashes the wedding  screaming NO.
Chaz  seeing Coco.
She really is.
Angelica spills.
The beans  who is fired and flees the cathedral in her torn dress with Jean Claude  chased by Spike and Fifi.
Chaz and Kira fall and get married upon returning to America  Spike and Fifi become a couple  and Chuckie now not only having a new mother but a new sister in the form of Kimi  completing one of Rugrats longest-running storylines  The film ends the Rugrats and the grown-ups having a cake fight  the camera backs up  a piece of cake is thrown at the camera  the screen fades to black.
The movie ends.
We see pictures of the family s vacation in Paris with start credits a variant theme of the cover of.
Who Let the Dogs Out.
<EOS>
The film is about two warring royal families  based in Mirtagarh and Surjangarh.
The Mirtagarh family s head Bhavani Singh is killed.
Causes a bloody feud.
Prithvi is sent.
Bhavani s brother Jaswant Singh returns.
When the latter is released.
Prithvi s son Vinay and Bhavani s son Vikram are sent as children to get away from the bloody feud between their families.
Twenty years later  Vinay and Vikram are the best.
Vikram s cousin and Jaswant s daughter Neelima also lives.
Vinay and Neelima fall and want to marry.
This could finally signal the end.
Will the younger generation succeed.
<EOS>
Locals are celebrating the last night  such as newly in-love couple Bob and Kathy  coach  Neil Marshall  waitresses  timid blonde Lily and comely  nubile Ramona  their boss Jackson and learning difficulties teenage peeping tom Casey.
Whose dad Avery is the town sheriff.
Several them decide to spend the night down.
Where an unknown double homicide climaxed there some nights.
But deciding to take his/her frustrations out with a machete on those he/she blames for all the misfortunes in his/her life.
Is the one responsible and as he/she lurks in the shadows.
He/She sets about ensuring no one leaves the area alive.
<EOS>
Terrence McDonagh is a New Orleans Police Sergeant.
He notices.
Cleaning out a locker.
A prisoner may not have been transferred.
He mocks him.
When he finds the prisoner about to drown.
He is promoted and given a medal for his work  but has suffered a serious back injury because of the rescue.
He is prescribed Vicodin.
He will most likely need to take.
The film moves ahead six months.
McDonagh is now not only addicted  but is habitually using several other drugs including cocaine and cannabis.
He has convinced a person.
Works to bring him drugs sent to the evidence room.
His girlfriend Frankie  a prostitute  also does cocaine.
They often share drugs.
He has also become estranged  a recovering alcoholic  and his alcoholic stepmother  Genevieve.
Who can only bring himself to attend.
He uses his position as an officer to bully people and steal more drugs.
McDonagh has been assigned to investigate a murder scene.
Where five illegal immigrants were executed.
Information comes.
Leads them.
They deduce.
The people were killed.
The gang leader Big Fate has two associates  Midget and G.
They are both arrested  leading.
McDonagh goes back.
They try to get enough evidence to convict Big Fate.
Where he finds Frankie beaten  a seemingly well-connected man named Justin.
McDonagh threatens Justin and takes $.
Later on  the auditory witness goes missing.
McDonagh finds the witness s grandmother.
Who works  and threatens to kill an old woman who is the grandmother s patient to get the grandmother to tell where the witness has gone.
The old woman has sent him to stay  to prevent him from getting involved in gang affairs.
McDonagh gets in trouble with his bookie for not paying his debts.
Is given.
What little money McDonagh has.
Who works.
The gangster now requests five times  and gives McDonagh two days.
To get it.
McDonagh is on modified duty and his gun placed in the evidence room.
Now angry  McDonagh goes.
McDonagh now has enough money to pay off his debts and uses his surplus earnings to place a new bet.
The gangster shows up  demanding his money.
McDonagh offers him a cut.
The gangster wants to take it all.
Big Fate and his crew end up killing the gangsters.
To further celebrate their partnership  McDonagh implores Big Fate to smoke crack cocaine.
He does  and McDonagh later plants the pipe.
The department uses this new evidence to arrest Big Fate and his cronies.
McDonagh s partner  Stevie Pruit  threatens to kill Big Fate.
When he and McDonagh are alone.
He does nt want him to have the chance to escape conviction.
McDonagh is outraged  showing.
He still performs his duties as an officer.
McDonagh is later promoted.
The film ends one year later.
McDonagh appears to be sober.
Do Frankie and McDonagh s parents.
It turns out.
McDonagh is still taking heroin.
He encounters the prisoner.
Whom he saved.
The man  recognizing McDonagh  exclaims.
McDonagh saved his life.
The man has been sober and offers to help McDonagh finally escape his own addiction.
McDonagh simply asks  Do fish have dreams.
<EOS>
Shaadiram Gharjode is once humiliated.
When Shaadiram goes to inform him.
Hoshiyar Chand insults them.
He wants both his daughters to marry.
Gharjode decides to teach Hoshiyar Chand a lesson  He meets.
A coolie called Raju and they go.
Hoshiyar is impressed.
He wants both his daughters to marry Raju.
This leads to humorous situations.
<EOS>
Maria Merryweather s father is killed.
His debts have caused the loss.
He owns.
The book details the life  a woman so beautiful.
Pure the moon itself blessed her.
She receives a unicorn from her.
Her father gives him a rare black lion   she reveals the pearls.
Which. 
Her bridegrooms family.
Who have lived together.
Spots a young boy her age  wearing an odd hat  watching her from a distance but.
When she looks back he has disappeared.
It is revealed.
Maria s mother died when she was young.
She and her governess  Miss Heliotrope  are sent to live Sir Benjamin Merryweather.
Who lives.
They are attacked by bandits.
Soon  irritable man  is off limits to her and warns her never to go into the woods.
Who tells her almost all.
He also takes the book.
She begins to notice.
Her new residence is home.
Food and clothing are left seemingly by magic  a piano plays itself.
There is always food.
Though there is no kitchen.
Each night a star falls.
A mysterious picture appears.
Each day  her uncle has the picture removed.
One day  Maria s uncle takes her horse riding.
She spots a rabbit and follows it into the woods in an effort to help it.
Bandits find Maria and pursue her.
She is.
Maria recognizes them.
Who attacked her.
She learns.
The leader is called Robin.
She also recalls her uncle s warning.
She is saved by her uncle s dog  Wrolf  a demonic seeming creature.
Robin is revealed to be the son.
Who is the leader.
It is also learned.
His father is very hard  calling him prized dolt for a son after he fails in capturing Maria.
Maria asks her uncle about the numerous strange events.
He shocks her.
Maria notices her uncle crying.
He rebukes her.
Her uncle tries to leave Maria behind.
Maria chases.
She stumbles and finds in it the seemingly magical chef.
Who has been leaving the food and who calls her Little Princess.
He tells her.
Contains all the secret passages.
It is hidden.
She is forbidden to go.
Finding the book again  she discovers.
Both the Moon Princess  father and her bridegroom were corrupted.
Betrayed  she cursed them all  proclaiming.
The Valley would be plunged.
She is not Heard.
The moon pearls vanished that day.
Maria realises.
The story is true.
She asks the chef.
Who tells her that both families are blinded.
Only a true moon princess can break the curse.
He also tells her.
Who would protect her.
She does nt believe him.
She works out.
She has till the next moon to set things right.
The next morning  she attempts to run away  but hears a voice calling.
She finds a mysterious woman named Loveday  living in a cave with many animals.
Loveday is the person.
Who has been leaving the dresses.
She reveals.
If the pearls are not returned  the moons will crash into the valley  killing everyone.
She and the woman discuss plans.
Maria is told angrily never to speak.
Maria soon realises - the Merryweathers have the key.
Each family has one part.
The de Noirs have the casket.
Maria finds the key.
Sneaks fortress to retrieve the casket.
However  she finds  and is imprisoned.
They do nt have the pearls.
She manages to kick Robin in-between the legs.
When he is being rude.
She escapes and is found by her uncle s dog in the woods.
Is our victory.
She escaped Coeur De Noir orders her to be killed.
His son Robin seems a little put off.
Stupid girl should have stayed where you were.
Her uncle is furious  and refuses to listen later that evening.
When Maria returns home.
Loveday appears the next morning  giving her a dress belonging to the first moon princess.
Maria persuades her to come downstairs.
The piano plays as if.
Loveday begins to play.
Maria joins her  but soon notices a mirror  showing her Uncle and Loveday dancing.
She reveals to Benjamin.
She is a De Noir.
Benjamin becomes enraged  believing.
She tricked him to look.
Back  Maria talks to Loveday about  and becoming angered at the pride of both her uncle and Loveday  tells her.
What she saw.
Pride is the real curse.
Upstairs  looking  she realizes.
It points the way.
The chef suggests.
She asks Robin  de Noir s son  and when she refuses points out that she has plenty  causing her to think again.
She gives the servant letters addressed  telling them to meet in the house.
When leaving.
Trapping Robin  she makes.
Him promise to listen.
She cuts him down and convinces him to help her find the pearls.
He does.
Are hidden.
Maria notices.
Robin is creating a false trail.
He is keeping her ribbon.
There is some gentle flirting.
Meanwhile  Benjamin and Loveday meet  quickly realize  and follow her  using Chef s superior sense of smell.
What Maria has done.
Benjamin and Loveday s relationship slowly begins to repair itself.
Robin is captured.
Wrolf is trapped.
Maria runs  finding the unicorn.
De Noir vows to catch her himself  calling his son and daughter traitors.
De Noir finds Maria to help her  releasing her from his father  and running to the place.
Where it all began.
Wrolf appears to be injured.
Maria attempts to get Benjamin and de Noir to sacrifice their pride.
They arrive  soon.
Neither can do it.
Attempting to return the pearls and failing  she realizes  and throws herself into the ocean.
She must sacrifice herself if they are to sacrifice their pride.
Both families are shocked.
He falls.
He watches her plunge.
The moon accepts her offering.
Maria herself is rescued.
Wrolf is restored restoring the magic to Moonacre.
A De Noir attempts to kill Maria.
She is saved.
Benjamin proposes to Loveday again.
She accepts.
Mrs Heliotrope is also proposed to  and also accepts.
They all smile  Maria kisses Robin and stare off into the moonlight.
The story ends.
The book closes.
<EOS>
Susan Stevenson is trying to find her missing anthropologist husband Henry.
She and her brother Arthur enlist the services.
Who thinks her husband might have headed.
The locals believe.
The mountain is cursed.
The authorities wo nt allow expeditions there.
So they surreptitiously head on.
That s where he went.
They eventually make it.
They meet.
Another jungle explorer named Manolo who s been staying  and agrees to join them in their expedition.
Matters become complicated was nt part.
When it then turns out that each has their own private reasons for coming to the island  and finding Susan s husband.
Susan and Arthur have secretly been looking  and then Foster reveals  he has only returned to see  and wipe them out.
He has only come there because he had been previously and was taken captive by a tribe of primitive cannibals.
They still exist.
However  Foster later dies.
When climbing up a waterfall.
Arthur is killed.
Manolo and Susan are immediately captured and taken to their camp.
There they find the primitives worshipping the remains.
They can hear his Geiger counter ticking  and believe it to be his heart still working.
Susan is subsequently spared.
The cannibals feast.
She is stripped naked  tied up  and smeared by two native girls for.
What is supposed to be a session.
She is instead turned.
Manolo is tied up and tortured.
The others are turned.
Manolo and Susan eventually escape.
<EOS>
Taking place in the year 1690  The Man features Gwynplaine  the son of an English nobleman.
Who Laughs.
Who has offended King James II.
The monarch sentences Gwynplaine s father  after calling upon a surgeon  Dr Hardquannone  to disfigure the boy s face into a permanent grin.
The King condemned him to laugh forever at his fool of a father.
Gwynplaine s deceased father s estate is currently owned.
The royal duchess must marry Gwynplaine   to make things right.
Josiana   arranges a rendezvous and is sexually attracted to  but also repelled.
Who knows who Gwynplaine is.
Gwynplaine   chased.
Who has been made a Peer  refuses the Queen s order of marriage and escapes.
He finds Ursus and Dea  sailing from England under banishment  and joins them on the boat.
The film leaves off the tragic ending.
Which Dea dies while drowns himself.
<EOS>
Bernice Lee  a young woman  living in Chicago with her family travels to New York and starts a new life passing as a white woman.
The film begins.
Who tries to hit repeatedly.
Her brother  more  fights off the man.
Bernice s grandmother consoles her.
When she confides her troubles.
Later   she decides to leave town  use the name Lila Brownell and live as a white woman.
A failed attempted.
She meets and eventually marries the man of her dreams - Rick Leyton - only she has nt told him.
She is part black.
He and his rich family and friends are white.
Her white friend Sally  and black maid Bertha both advise her not to tell him.
She becomes pregnant  and fears - and gets a book to read.
The child will have black features or coloring.
She hides.
Rick eventually discovers it.
Their maid claims the book belongs.
Bernice/Lila goes and has a stillborn child  but cries out Is the baby black.
This leads Rick to suspect.
His wife has been unfaithful.
Eventually  she and her husband divorce.
She then returns.
<EOS>
It is revealed.
Grimm  who fought in World War I and lost a leg in battle  returns after the war to the small German village where he had been a teacher.
He is welcomed back into the community and resumes his teaching.
He also resumes his relationship.
Whom he had become engaged.
He is bitter losing the war.
It is obvious.
He has been changed.
He treats the villagers.
His upcoming marriage is cancelled.
Taunted  he rapes one of them.
Who subsequently kills herself.
He returns after borrowing money from the priest  joins the Nazi Party  and rises through the ranks of the party.
A trial fails to convict him.
He even sends his brother Karl and gets his brother s son into the Hitler Youth.
When the Nazis come.
Grimm becomes the commander.
When World War II starts.
Where he had previously lived.
He treats the villagers brutally.
His nephew eventually turns and renounces his Nazi allegiance  with tragic results.
<EOS>
A group pulls up to a modest white house and goes inside.
Moments later  they exit  dragging a boy.
Who is frantically resisting them.
The soldiers throw the boy with other boys.
Of whom is also dressed to avoid conscription.
The soldiers search for Drew despite his mother s protest.
She explains.
She has already lost one son.
Drew emerges.
When the soldiers leave.
His parents give him $ 100 and urge him to go West  giving him their picture and his brother s watch.
Joseph  Missouri  Drew is approached.
Who pistol-whips him and takes his money.
Jake runs a gang.
Who steal purses and rob children.
Jake arrives to return the purse.
Drew is recovering.
One stole from the minister s wife  hoping to collect a reward.
Once inside  he purloins various household items  demanding his money back.
Drew sees him and attacks.
Jake finally bests Drew and convinces him.
To join his gang.
The Army will catch him if he tries to board a wagon train as is his plan.
Jake introduces Drew  the brothers Jim Bob and Loney Logan  Arthur Simms  and the ten-year old Boog Bookin.
Loney demands.
Drew demonstrate his worth.
Drew agrees and claims to have robbed a hardware store.
When he simply took $ 12 from his boot where he is hiding his parent s money.
The gang heads West  hoping to improve their fortunes.
Drew reads to everyone from Jane Eyre.
All six shoot at it  barely managing to kill it.
When they spy a rabbit.
Jake orders Boog to clean the rabbit.
Boog declines.
Jake is stunned to realize.
No one knows how to clean the rabbit.
He demonstrates.
To do it.
His barely contained disgust reveals.
He is skinning his first rabbit.
The next day  a settler and his wife are returning.
Where they went bust.
The settler offers his wife.
Drew declines  citing his morals.
The following morning  Big Joe and his thugs  led  come upon the boys.
They are still asleep.
Jake aims his gun at Big Joe  but does nt have the nerve to fire.
Flat broke  the gang tries to mount a string.
Eventually grow tragic as Boog is shot while he runs.
The gang finally disintegrates.
When the Logan brothers rob Jake and Drew  taking his brother s watch and the horses.
Left  Jake and Drew wander aimlessly.
Eventually  they come hanging from a tree.
Big Joe s gang has killed them.
Hobbs leads the thugs to attack them.
Jake and Drew bury their bodies.
They would bungle the job.
Sure enough  Jake and Drew manage to kill all four thugs.
He reveals a hole.
Drew leans to retrieve his watch.
Jake sees a $ 10 bill and realizes.
Drew had lied.
He pistol-whips Drew again and takes the money.
He wanders alone  swearing.
When Drew awakens.
He ll kill Jake if he ever sees him again.
Seeing smoke  he investigates  only to find.
It was the result.
One confirms to Drew.
He is hanged.
Jake has joined up.
Drew joins the posse.
Order to get his revenge.
The posse captures Big Joe s gang.
He realizes.
Guilty he is.
Jake offers to split $.
The gang has buried.
Drew helps him escape.
He realizes.
There is no buried money.
Jake assumes.
Drew will kill him.
Drew swears instead to stick.
He has repaid every cent that he owes Drew.
Jake asks Drew.
They approach a town.
How d that Jane Eyre turn out.
Just fine.
The two boys walk and rob it.
<EOS>
Sonora Webster is a stubborn orphan.
Who lives during the Depression.
She has a love  and one day before school  loses a bet.
Hers can jump a fence.
It breaks.
The cows get out  forcing her to be late.
Her aunt tells her.
She is given detention.
Because  she is going to be put into an orphanage.
Instead  she slips out.
Sonora ends up and sees Marie perform as a diving girl.
A diving girl jumps.
It runs up a steep platform just before it leaps off.
She then informs Doc Carver.
She is his new diving girl.
He informs her  her body is nt developed enough  and tells her.
She is too young.
She should go back home.
She stubbornly twists her arms and legs she wo nt leave.
He gives her the job.
Instead  he just places her and the chair outside.
Ending up  Doc sees.
Talented Sonora is and decides to give her a job as a stablehand.
She then begins traveling  bonding with his son Al and even Doc himself.
Al wins a wild horse.
He says.
If she can tame it  he believes his father will give her a chance to train.
She surprises him.
He promises.
She can train to be a diving girl if she can mount it while it s moving.
She finally succeeds.
Doc keeps his promise  much.
She and the wild horse  Lightning  develop a special bond.
Proves important later.
One day  Marie falls and dislocates her shoulder  leaving her unable to perform.
Thus  Sonora becomes the diving girl.
Though the swimsuits do nt fit her.
Sonora is successful.
She has never actually dived into the pool of water.
Marie is so jealous.
She makes unreasonable demands to ensure her stardom status.
She quits the show rather than share billing.
He refuses them.
Al and his father have always had a difficult relationship.
Is nt helped.
One day he leaves.
He and Sonora have almost shared their first kiss.
He promises to write her.
Again  he keeps his promise.
Doc  protective  hides Al s letters from her.
Doc and the new stablehand Clifford leave the farm.
That night Lightning falls ill.
Sonora spends the night worrying over him and is awakened.
Who has returned and discovers that Lightning ate some moldy hay and has developed colic.
Al and Sonora work together to heal Lightning and are walking him and announcing.
When Doc and Clifford return.
The show is over.
Al asks Sonora.
She never wrote him.
She tells him.
She never received any letters.
Both confused.
It is then learned.
Al arranged a six month contract to perform the show.
It s come.
The good news seems to patch up old differences.
Doc passes away en route  apparently from a heart attack.
As everyone seems to be getting along.
Al takes.
He is extremely nervous  so Sonora finds Doc s famous fringed jacket to give Al confidence.
She also finds one of Al s old letters  confessing his love for her.
She lets.
When Sonora finds Al.
Him know she feels the same.
Meanwhile  Clifford has acquired a rusted-out motorcycle and plans to refurbish it to working status  Sonora is unimpressed and laughs at the notion.
Al and Sonora perform.
Everyone is nervous and excited.
He proposes.
She is climbing the ladder.
She accepts and gets ready to do the jump.
The horse  a jittery stallion  is anxious.
Who is not her usual partner Lightning.
Causes him.
Sonora keeps her eyes open.
They fall.
Both make it.
Her vision is impaired  yet she hides this and wo nt seek medical attention for the condition.
The next day  Sonora discovers.
When she wakes up.
She ca nt see.
The doctor diagnoses detached retinas due to uncontrolled hemorrhaging behind them and tells her the condition.
Is permanent.
She will be blind.
Al must find another diving girl  and calls Marie.
Order to avoid a breach.
Who returns to be it.
Clifford has been working and gets it back in working condition.
He demonstrates his new act -- it is an enormous metal ball.
Which he rides around inside  doing loop after loop.
The crowd is amazed.
He is pleased.
Meanwhile  Sonora misses diving terribly  and feels utterly helpless and like a burden.
She tells him again  and indicates her unique bond with Lightning as evidence.
She could do it again as she knows him so well.
She and Al work together to try to train her to mount him again  much the same way she.
Doc once worked together earlier to train her to do so.
She is stubborn and refuses to give up.
Al forces her to accept the fact.
It is impossible.
She spends some quiet time that night.
The next day   Marie is locked in her dressing room.
Sonora climbs the platform.
The crowd does nt know.
Al is scared and shouts at her to come back down.
She s blind.
She uses her other senses to have a very successful jump.
She is again the diving girl.
Her voiceover tells us.
She continued diving.
She and Al get married and live happily ever.
<EOS>
Mrs Cragg works.
It is whilst doing her city cleaning.
She retrieves a half smoked cigar and unwittingly wraps it in a scrap of paper discarded by a property financier named James Ryder.
The Colonel discovers.
The scrap actually contains details of a city takeover bid and unscrupulously uses this insider information to make # 5000 on the stock market  which he shares with Mrs Cragg.
This new-found wealth prompts the pair  together other ` chars   a speculation syndicate headed by Whitforth with the ladies providing insider information collected from bins at their respective offices.
Who are Mrs Cragg s neighbours  to form the company ` Ladezudu.
All is going well.
An ill-timed investment wipes out all their capital as swine fever kills their stock.
It is then.
Mrs Cragg discovers that Ryder is planning the demolition and redevelopment.
The bulldozers arrive and no assets to assist them  can the ` ladies who do  save their street and take single-handed.
<EOS>
The movie centers with two children.
Their firstborn  the nine-year-old boy Joshua is a child prodigy.
He thinks and acts decades.
He is nearly always clad and demonstrating limitless brilliance as a pianist with a marked predilection for dissonant classical pieces.
Joshua gravitates as a close friend  but distances himself from his immediate kin  particularly.
When Abby brings his newborn sister Lilly home.
Bizarre events transpire.
The days pass.
The mood regresses from healthy and happy to strange and disorienting.
Joshua devolves to downright sociopathic behavior.
The baby s whines drive an already strained Abby.
Joshua causes a fight.
Who is Jewish but nonreligious and paternal grandmother who is an Evangelical Christian and who constantly proselytizes Joshua  when he tells his parents he wants to become a Christian.
Abby gets very angry and swears  telling her to leave her house immediately.
He convinces his mother to join him.
He takes his baby sister  causing his mother to panic and pass out.
When she has her eyes closed counting.
Searching  before he puts the baby back into the crib to make it look as though his mother was hallucinating the entire incident.
Later   Brad takes two weeks off from his job to look after Abby and his children.
Joshua has gone with his grandmother and sister.
When he arrives home.
Joshua frightens his grandmother.
Brad watches a video tape.
They are.
He arrives  just in time to see Joshua attempt to push his sister in her carriage down a large flight of stairs.
He stops.
When he is caught.
However  Brad is convinced.
Joshua pushed her and confides at the funeral.
That night  Brad installs a lock and tells Joshua  fearing.
Lilly will be sleeping.
Joshua will attempt to do something.
That night  Joshua builds a house and provokes his father.
Brad tells him he wo nt be able to hurt anyone else.
He now realizes he is causing trouble.
Later that week   Brad brings Betsy  a psychologist  into the home to meet Joshua.
Betsy comes.
Joshua is being abused.
Later Brad tells him he is being sent away  causing Joshua to run away.
He finds Joshua hiding  crying hysterically with a large bruise on his back.
When Brad arrives home.
The next morning  he and Joshua go.
Joshua has stolen her pacifier  causing her to cry.
He begins to mock him  causing Brad to strike him.
When Brad confronts him.
He tries to apologise.
Brad realizes what he did.
Joshua further taunts him.
Drives Brad.
It is indicated.
Joshua has framed his father.
Joshua is playing a piano.
His uncle Ned is talking about having a nanny to take care of Lilly.
Afterwards  Ned sits a song with Joshua singing an original song.
The lyrics are basically.
Joshua s parents both will never be loved.
It is then revealed.
He only wanted to be and got rid of everyone else.
Ned stares at Joshua  apparently realizing.
The song ends.
Joshua has the potential to be a great composer.
The ending credit music   suggests.
Is Joshua s song performed.
Joshua went on to become quite wealthy and successful.
It is however just as likely.
Ned has realised what Joshua is responsible and either will become the next victim  or aim to correct his behaviour & make him accountable for his actions.
<EOS>
The swordsman Zhang Zhen is injured and rescued by Eldest Sister of Changchun Sect.
Who has a crush.
However  Zhang falls with the maid Yuenu instead  and conceives twins with her.
The couple are killed later.
The Eldest Sister is angry for not accepting her and plans to make Zhang s children kill each other as revenge.
The baby girl is saved.
The male infant is taken away.
Lian Lanyan encounters the Ten Villains.
When he passes.
He is overwhelmed and knocked out in a fight.
The baby Xiaoluer is taken away.
Who surprisingly do not harm her  and instead intend to groom her to become the greatest villain ever.
Eighteen years later  the twins meet each other.
<EOS>
Pablo Quintero is a homosexual film director.
Whose latest work has just been released.
He meets Antonio  a beautiful young man.
Who is obsessed.
They go home together.
Antonio experiences anal sex  but.
Is still  the young man misunderstands his intentions and reveals his possessive behaviour as a lover.
Parallel is told the dramatic story of Pablo s sister Tina  a struggling actress.
Who once was a boy and changed sex to build a sexual relationship.
It is rumoured.
She hates men so much.
She might be a lesbian.
She also must care.
Whose mother is not  and whom she loves like a daughter.
The thrills begin.
When a jealous Antonio tries and ends up throwing him off a cliff.
A devastated Pablo has an accident.
Causes a loss.
The police suspect both Tina and Pablo - only a sympathetic doctor keeps them at bay.
Tina decides to reveal  and announces.
She is a transsexual.
She has found a lover  who Pablo finds out too late is actually Antonio.
Antonio holds.
Tina and Ada hostage in order to demand an hour alone.
A stunned and limping Pablo agrees  and experiences some tender moments.
Antonio suddenly kills himself.
<EOS>
Casey learns.
His 12 year old son Sean has leukaemia and will die.
Casey leaves his job to devote himself  seeing to grant three wishes of Sean  to own a dog  be reunited with his mother  and meet the Queen.
<EOS>
The film begins.
A prologue set in 1865  showing the ironclad CSS Texas  carrying the last of the Confederacy s treasury  as Captain Adrian Tombs tries to run a Union blockade.
The film then moves.
Where World Health Organization doctors Eva Rojas and Frank Hopper are investigating a disease that is spreading.
Assassins attempt.
She is rescued  from National Underwater and Marine Agency.
Who was working nearby.
Dirk gets a call.
He sells Dirk a gold Confederate States.
Was found.
Dirk believes.
This is a clue.
He convinces his boss  James Sandecker  to let him  Al Giordino  and Rudi Gunn   go to Mali to search.
They give Eva and Hopper a ride.
That they can continue their investigation.
Businessman Yves Massarde and dictator General Kazim   try to stop the doctors.
Who controls half.
Kazim sends men to kill them and the NUMA team  not realizing their CIA and Navy background.
Dirk  Al and Rudi survive the attack.
Rudi tries to get out.
Dirk and Al go to rescue the doctors.
They save Eva.
Then the three try to get  but are captured by Tuareg.
Who are fighting the civil war.
The Tuaregs  leader  Madibo  shows Eva his people.
Who are dying.
Eva finds.
Their water is contaminated.
Al stumbles into a cave with a painting showing the ironclad Texas.
Dirk believes.
The Texas became stranded when the river water dried up and that the same river that carried the Texas now runs underground  spreading the contamination.
They start to follow the dry river bed and work their way.
Dirk still hopes to find the ironclad.
Their plans are interrupted.
When they stumble  and realize that it is the source of the contamination.
Rudi and Sandecker analyze their samples and find.
The contamination is heading down the Niger River.
They ca nt get any government help to intervene.
Massarde captures Dirk and the others.
He keeps Eva but sends Dirk and Al.
They escape but end up stranded.
They find the wreck and fashion it into a land yacht and contact Sandecker.
They use to find civilisation.
Who warns them that Kazim and his troops are.
Dirk and Al enlist Madibo s aid to return.
He helps them infiltrate the plant and rescue his people.
Who are working there.
Massarde plans to destroy the plant  making it almost impossible to stop the contamination.
Al goes to defuse the bombs.
Dirk tries to head off Massarde.
Dirk manages to save Eva.
Massarde escapes.
Dirk  Eva  and Al get away  but are strafed by Kazim in a helicopter gunship.
A series reveals the wreckage of the Texas.
Where the cave painting showed it to be.
They take cover.
The ironclad s armor will protect them.
Kazim s armor-piercing ammunition penetrates the rusted ironclad s armor.
They manage to fight back and destroy Kazim s gunship.
As Madibo arrives.
The contamination is dealt with.
Sandecker is offered a deal to do some covert work.
The government serendipitously funds NUMA  which he accepts  tentatively.
It seems.
Massarde  busy eating  does not notice that the waiter who pours him water from a bottle served ONLY HIM and then disappeared with the rest of the bottle.
It is implied.
Massarde is poisoned.
The Texas gold   is left.
Belongs - Confederate States of America.
We see.
A soccer ball come bouncing with the painting of the ironclad Texas  with Al in pursuit.
He is playing soccer.
The cave  once empty  is now full.
Later   Dirk and Eva are.
Al  Rudi  Sandecker are busy.
<EOS>
Christopher Jones stars.
Frost s band The Troopers live together.
The band includes his 15-year-old genius attorney Billy Cage  ex-child actor/girlfriend Sally LeRoy on keyboards  hook-handed Abraham Salteen on bass guitar and trumpet  and anthropologist Stanley X on drums.
He and the Troopers appear.
When Max is asked to sing by Kennedyesque Senate candidate Johnny Fergus  who s running on a platform to lower the voting age from 21 to.
Max stuns everyone  then finishes the show with an improvised song  Fourteen Or Fight.
Max s fans stir.
Protests have begun in cities around the United States.
Fergus  advisors want him to denounce Max.
Instead he agrees to support the demonstrations  and change his campaign --  accept a voting age instead  abide by the law  and appeal to the demonstrators to go home peaceably.
Max and his group will compromise.
Max agrees.
The two appear together using the less offensive mantra Fifteen and Ready.
Most states agree to lower the voting age  in the wake of the demonstrations  and Max Frost and the Troopers campaign for Johnny Fergus until the election.
He wins.
Taking his place  Fergus wishes.
Frost and his people would now just go away.
Instead they get involved.
The band enters her.
When a Congressman dies suddenly.
Follows. 
Sally is voted by the new teen bloc.
The first bill -- to 14  and Fourteen Or Fight.
Sally introduces is a Constitutional amendment to lower the age requirements.
A joint session is called.
The Troopers swing the vote their way.
The Old Guard turn to run for President  and assert his control over the changing tide.
Teens either take over or threaten the reins.
Max again agrees  running to his chagrin  but once in office  he turns the tide on his older supporters.
Thirty becomes a mandatory retirement age.
Those are rounded up  sent to re-education camps  and permanently dosed on LSD.
Fergus unsuccessfully attempts to dissuade Max  then tries to assassinate him.
Failing  he flees Washington with his remaining family.
They are soon rounded up.
Max withdraws the military from around the world  puts computers and prodigies in charge of the Gross National Product  ships surplus grain for free to third world nations  disbands the FBI and Secret Service  and becomes the leader of the most truly hedonistic society.
The world has ever known.
The final moments indicate  however.
Max and his cohorts may face future intergenerational warfare.
<EOS>
Three husbands are.
They meet a husband.
Who is.
Things get more interesting  it is a cat and mouse game.
When their wives join them.
<EOS>
A chemist places upon a table his own head  alive  then fixing upon his head a rubber tube with a pair of bellows  he begins to blow with all his might.
Immediately the head increases and continues to enlarge.
It becomes truly colossal while making faces.
The chemist  fearing to burst it  opens a cock.
The head immediately contracts and resumes its original size.
He then calls his assistant and informs him.
The assistant  wishing  seizes the bellows and blows into the head with all his might.
The head swells.
It bursts  knocking over the two experimenters.
The chemist then literally kicks his assistant.
<EOS>
Napoleon is reeling from his disastrous invasion of Russia the year before.
Lord Wellington is preparing to drive the French out.
Richard Sharpe is mourning the death.
Sharpe s archenemy  French Major Ducos  proposes a plan.
He has a French spy  la Marquesa  write a letter.
Sharpe tried to force his unwanted attentions.
Sharpe is forced.
The fight is broken up.
Later that night   the Spaniard has his throat cut.
He is sleeping.
Sharpe is framed and is sentenced to hang.
To placate his Spanish allies  Wellington is forced to go along.
Major Nairn  Wellington s spymaster  arranges.
He sends Sharpe and Sergeant Harper to find out what is going on.
Meanwhile  Father Hacha and his brother El Matarife  Ducos  co-conspirators  abduct la Marquesa and imprison her.
Sharpe learns and frees her.
To be chased.
Sharpe is captured and taken to Ducos.
The gloating Frenchman tells Sharpe  the British army will be forced to leave the country.
His duel and the murder has made it possible to negotiate a vital peace treaty with King Ferdinand VII of Spain.
Harper and the rest infiltrate the French prison in disguise and rescue their commander  to play a pivotal role in the British victory at the Battle of Vitoria.
Sharpe finds.
El Matarife  fights him man to man  and forces him to confess in front of Spanish and British witnesses.
El Matarife then tries to stab Sharpe  but is shot by the Spanish major.
Who now clearly believes Sharpe.
Ducos kills Father Hacha.
The arrogant Ducos is hauled from his horse by the routed French soldiers and is shot and left to die.
<EOS>
Putswamy is a ugly village youth.
Who covers up his handicap.
He looks for a bride with the help of his friend.
Soorya is a violent college student.
Who loves his classmate  Priya.
She comes.
Who assures her that he will get her married.
She gets killed.
Meanwhile  the hunchback Surya comes.
He wins her heart.
Who regains her vision.
This results as to.
Whom Lakshmi belongs.
Soorya is a hunchback  so he decides to leave way.
But fate has something else.
<EOS>
The start flashes back to.
When Benny becomes the Jet.
The main part is set in 1972  10 years after the events of The Sandlot.
New kids have moved.
They have started playing baseball.
The previous kids have all grown up and moved away.
A young boy named.
Johnnie Smalls  the little brother  has heard the legend of The Great Fear  owned by Mr Mertle  who lives behind the crater.
David Durango is the leader.
Next to Mr Mertle s home lives the Goodfairer family.
Hayley Goodfairer  the daughter and her two friends befriend the other boys to share the Sandlot.
Their relationship burgeons potently.
When they find themselves  despite Hayley calling David a little baby  and David calling Hayley a spoiled brat.
One day   he hits the ball.
When Mac gets an aluminum baseball bat.
Afterward they try to retrieve it.
But  Johnnie stops them and tells them the story.
When they were about to cross over.
It was born to bite and was different.
There was a boy.
Who loved the comic book hero named Rapid Rocket  and believed he ran as fast.
He went past Mr Mertle s house.
The Great Fear got out and chased the boy.
It was unknown.
What happened after he was cornered by The Great Fear.
Soon afterward  a wall made was built.
Ever since   it would never come out.
Anything went.
The main conflict comes.
Hayley along try many things to get it back  including hiring the boy called The Retriever  but he fails  and decides to retire.
Then   David decided to go over the wall himself to retrieve the rocket.
Here it is revealed.
The little boy was David.
He retrieves it.
The dog chases him.
It s revealed.
When David defeats the dog.
The dog s real name is Goliath.
The kids can be seen running to the sandlot and realize.
Goliath got away.
He only wanted to get out to see his girlfriend dog  Tiny  who was also.
David share their first kiss and Mr Mertle decides to not build a new fence he s grouchy.
He s tired.
The narrator tells.
What happened.
Mac joined the army  was wounded in the Gulf War  won a Purple Heart and joined the Peace Corps.
Saul and Sammy started a record company and called it Def Jam Records.
Sammy used the money.
He made to start a gum company known as Kissing Booth Bubblegum.
Penny and Jenny raised three kids.
Tarquell was abducted and was never seen again.
Hayley became a super model and a pitcher  she won two gold medals.
David and Hayley went all the way together  then went their separate ways.
They met again.
It was just like the first time -- he was so nervous.
He had ever had a chance to talk in grade school.
He could nt speak.
So she spoke and said  You re supposed to say  ` Will you marry me.
Johnnie Smalls grew up and worked.
Rockets were his life.
They always would be.
David s PF Flyer s stayed.
Then some kid found them.
That s ` another story.
<EOS>
Daily life scenes  harvest  meddlesomeness  children games  a wedding  a theft  and the clumsy intervention of the police.
The character together is a leper despised.
Brings all these scenes.
Who manages to be cured and happily returns to his people.
<EOS>
When and place where women were not usually permitted careers  especially.
God has called her to be one.
She displays her abilities.
Caring. 
Who recently had a stroke.
She meets Drew Simpson  the nephew.
Belinda nurses Mrs Stafford-Smith back and helps her regain the use of her right arm.
He has come to prepare his uncle s farm for sale.
He will return to join his father s law practice  he has no wish to stay in this small  unsophisticated town.
That s done.
But  he has second thoughts.
She also feels something.
Her life plan is to become a doctor  then move back home to provide medical care.
Belinda wants more.
Most women only married and had children.
She has a great mind and also feels called to it by God.
She does nt see.
A relationship would work  especially when Mrs Stafford-Smith offers to put her through medical school in Boston.
She informs Drew and prepares to leave.
But.
He recognized his feelings.
He can not live.
Meanwhile  Belinda s mother and grandmother counsel her and advise her to pray.
Drew arrives and tells her.
He loves her and is willing to practice law while she s in medical school.
They will move back.
She becomes a doctor.
Together if that is what she wants.
He asks her to marry him.
Knowing  Belinda finally admits her feelings and accepts his marriage proposal.
She feels the same way.
She and Drew are married.
They move together.
<EOS>
Sam Carter is a jeweler s clerk but kills a man.
Who dreams and eventually does so.
He then embarks but is pursued across Europe by Milo March a private detective.
Who suspects that not all is.
However Milo is not alone.
Trudi Hall has her own ideas.
<EOS>
The film centres.
Nahapet and others valiantly attempt to defend their village in Turkish Armenia from Ottoman troops but are soon overwhelmed.
All his children and his wife  Manushak  are brutally beaten and killed.
He is tied and forced to witness the destruction of his village.
Left  Nahapet is able to make his way to a bleak and cold village in Aragats  a part of the new state of Soviet Armenia.
He is filled and feels unable to move on.
Nahapet reluctantly begins a new relationship with a woman named Noubar.
But the pair are estranged from the start.
The scenes show candid but silent moments of the two attempting to find ways to build a new lives and trying to survive with.
What little they have.
They plant trees and labour intensively to build a house.
Nahapet and Noubar gradually realise.
Their survival and future is linked and both now come.
She reveals to Nahapet.
She is pregnant.
He hears the wailing and rushes to his home s wooden door  collapsing on it with the tears and with the full realisation.
Nahapet is working outside one day he.
Building a new future is possible.
The film ends.
They all take a pledge to plant a new apple tree.
<EOS>
Ferdinando Cefalu  an impoverished Sicilian nobleman  is married.
However  he is.
Whom he sees only.
He shares his life with his elderly parents and his spinster sister and her boyfriend  the family share their once stately palace with his uncles.
Who runs a funeral business.
Who are slowly but surely eating away the remainders.
Ferdinando spends his spare time imagining several ways.
Which he can do away.
He discovers.
She shares his feelings.
He resolves to carry out his plans and is inspired by a local story of a woman.
Who killed her husband to make his wife have an affair so that he can catch her in flagrante delicto  murder her  and receive a light sentence for committing an honor killing  studying very carefully the Criminal Code.
He first needs to find a suitable man.
He goes.
He finds.
He then also procures the State Prosecutor s undying friendship.
The final stage is arranging to have Carmelo s constant presence in his house.
Is achieved in having his palace restored.
The plan takes a while to get off the ground.
Carmelo is very shy.
Rosalia is more than a match.
Ferdinando is aware.
He has been taping all their conversations and has to ward off the help s infatuation.
Ferdinando discovers.
Carmelo is actually married.
However  his plan turns out better.
Expected when Rosalia and Carmelo finally give in  but as he eavesdrops the tape runs out at the precise moment the adulterers arrange for their next illicit meeting.
All Ferdinando knows.
Is that it will take place the next evening.
Rosalia feigns to have a terrible headache and remains home so scandalous.
The rest go out to the theatre to see the premiere of a film.
No one wishes to miss it.
Ferdinando sneaks out and goes back to the palace  arriving just in time to see Rosalia running to the train station.
He initially has to run out but still has to retrieve the gun to kill the couple.
He misses the train and the lovers in it.
He revisits his plan and the Criminal Code   this then means changing his plan and passing off.
Calls to be executed in the heat of the moment or in defense of one s honor.
All the while Angela has been writing to assure her of her undying love no matter what  however  one of her letters is misdelivered to her father.
Who dies upon reading it.
Ferdinando is approached by Mrs Patane.
Who demands to know what he will do to avenge their situation.
She spits.
Ferdinando is still doing nothing.
Gives him all that he needed  an open insult.
The local mafia boss offers to find the lovers.
He does.
He comes.
Ferdinando goes.
Who has just shot her husband  which actually leaves him.
He follows and finally kills his wife.
He sees no other choice.
He is actually defended by the State Prosecutor.
Who blames the whole thing when raising him as a boy.
He spends no more than three years and finally comes back home to find a loving Angela waiting for him.
Ferdinando and Angela are sailing away on a sailboat  happily.
Ferdinando states life begins.
The camera pans down  revealing Angela seductively rubbing her feet.
<EOS>
Three astronauts are exposed to a blast of radiation.
Kills two and seriously injures the third  Steve West.
He is next shown unconscious back on Earth  with bandages covering his face  his physician  Dr Loring  can not explain.
What is happening or how he survived the blast.
West awakens and is horrified to find the flesh.
The doctor leaves.
Hysterical  he attacks and kills a nurse  then escapes the hospital.
Loring and Dr Theodore Ted Nelson  a scientist and friend  discover.
The nurse s corpse is emitting feeble radiation.
Realize West s body has become radioactive.
Nelson believes.
West has gone insane  and concludes he must consume human flesh in order to slow the melting.
Nelson calls General Michael Perry  a United States Air Force officer familiar.
The general agrees to help Nelson find him.
West attacks and kills a fisherman  then encounters and frightens a little girl there.
She escapes unharmed.
Nelson tracks West  but only finds his detached ear stuck to a tree branch  not West himself.
Perry arrives  and is picked up by Nelson  shortly thereafter  they visit the crime scene.
Where the fisherman s body was found.
Sheriff Neil Blake suspects.
Nelson knows something.
Nelson tells the sheriff nothing.
Perry earlier told him information is classified.
Later that night  Nelson returns home Judy.
Who tells him that her elderly mother Helen and Helen s boyfriend Harold are coming over.
However  Helen and Harold are attacked by West in their car.
He kills them both.
He calls Nelson.
When Blake finds the bodies.
Who comes out to identify them.
Nelson reluctantly reveals West s condition.
Blake angrily demands an explanation.
Nelson believes.
West is somehow getting stronger the more his body decomposes.
Back  West attacks and kills Perry.
Judy is not harmed.
Nelson and Blake arrive just.
West then stumbles.
West kills the man and attacks his wife.
She drives him away.
Blake receives a call and takes Nelson with him to investigate.
They follow West.
Blake tries to shoot West.
The blasts do not stop West.
Who throws the sheriff into power lines  killing him.
West hits Nelson and knocks him  leaving the doctor hanging on the side.
Nelson appeals  reminding him.
They were friends.
West decides to pull Nelson.
Two armed security guards then arrive and   fatally shoot Nelson.
He tries to protect West.
An infuriated West kills.
The security guards and stumbles away.
He slowly melts completely away.
The next morning  a janitor finds.
His gory remains and casually mops them.
The film ends.
<EOS>
Confederate army captain Justice Cain retires from the military.
He becomes a farmer and lives a peaceful life.
Unbeknownst  a group of six soldiers previously under Cain s command  Ameson  Billy-Joe  Tucker  Farrette  Mason  and Crawford  has recently been released from a Union prison.
The former Confederate soldiers have become a roving band.
Their ultimate goal is to re-form a squadron led and renew attacks upon Union targets.
The men find Cain and tell him.
They become enraged  attack him  and tie him up.
When Cain refuses to join them  tells them that the Old South is dead  and derides their unrealistic plan to attack the north.
Ameson  the leader  rapes Angie.
Cain watches helplessly.
Billy-Joe  the most deranged and volatile  attempts to rape her afterwards.
She fights him off.
Fuming.
What he perceives.
Cain then screams insults.
Who shoots both Cain and Jody  killing the little boy instantly.
Realizing  the men attempt to cover their tracks.
Billy-Joe s uncontrollable rage has set them.
They leave unaware.
Cain is still alive.
Cain systematically tracks down and kills the men.
However  Cain becomes increasingly sadistic.
Simms begins to question.
Whether Cain is more interested.
Cain finds Billy-Joe and shoots him in the crotch several times.
That he dies a slow  excruciatingly painful death.
This disgusts Simms and Rita.
They abandon Cain.
Cain then sets out alone to kill Ameson  the last surviving member.
However  Ameson is captured and executed by firing squad.
Cain can reach him.
Cain  now alone and robbed of the satisfaction of killing the man  sinks to the ground and weeps in despair.
Who raped his wife.
<EOS>
She encounters a new life form  boys.
When Mui Ee attends fictitious Paya Lebar Junior College.
There are many.
Only one will win her heart.
<EOS>
An angry Hagolin accuses mistress Eponine of seeing a man named Larnier behind his back.
Meanwhile  prosperous attorney Lamerciere s guests include his longtime mistress  Florence  and his young law partner  Claude.
Eponine wants to  but fails.
Larnier intervenes  but merely wanted to gag Hagolin with a scarf.
Eponine strangles the man.
The body is dismembered and dumped  then Eponine is placed.
Claude   feels.
Who is secretly Florence s lover.
He deserves credit.
He leaps.
When Eponine asks him to defend her.
Lamerciere caustically remarks.
Claude and Florence could do exactly what the accused woman and lover Larnier did to their victim Hagolin.
Lamerciere manages to persuade Claude to let him make the closing argument.
He paints such a lurid picture.
It gets her convicted.
His gaze makes it clear.
He knows she has been unfaithful.
<EOS>
L.
A.
Detective Sam Dietz  struggling to emotionally survive his previous big case is unwillingly paired  during a case tracking another serial killer.
Who kills seemingly.
But every time Dietz gets a lead  Valsone gets and somewhat throws off the investigation.
Suspecting more than meets the eye  Dietz goes.
What Valsone is hiding.
Meanwhile  Dietz s wife Carol now estranged  tries to deal with her current situation and their uncertain future.
<EOS>
Deon is a football player.
Who suffers a deadly disease.
However   he is still a good person.
Who loves his family and is willing to share the glory.
His mother Bee is incredibly proud  his younger brother.
Sean is understandably jealous.
Bee s boyfriend/Deon s surrogate father.
Eric sees the football star.
He still tries to finish.
Though Deon is fighting cancer.
What he started.
<EOS>
Clergyman John Storm is doing mission work.
When he meets Glory  a girl  who has been persuaded by Lord Robert Ure to seek a career on the stage.
Storm tries to persuade Glory not to do it.
She refuses.
He then asks Lord Ure.
So infuriates him he sends someone to burn down Storm s mission hall.
Storm is unconscious.
He is rescued.
He goes to see Glory  determined to save her soul.
Need be.
But he comes.
The two are married.
Andrew Pike and Ross Cooper  Australian Film 1900-1977  A Guide Production  Melbourne  Oxford University Press  1998 .
<EOS>
It also focuses.
Examining India s family planning or population control programs.
The film documents the state.
Juxtaposes the detachment next to a new form of oppression for women.
<EOS>
Nanhe is the self-proclaimed best camel jockey.
Only ten years old  he can speak a myrad and has won the hearts of all the tourists.
Who visit Jaisalmer.
Who has won Nanhe s heart.
No one believes.
Bobby Deol is Nanhe s friend.
Nanhe s wish is fulfilled  to finally meet his long-lost friend.
When Nanhe s sab se acha dost finally comes to Jaisalmer.
He learns a lesson.
To use his most powerful utility  his brain.
Bobby teaches him.
To fight  and do creative challenges.
Then he finds out  it was all an elusion.
Bobby never came  he cancelled his shooting  and only Nanhe could see him.
Bobby Deol actually showed up  remembering.
An adult Nanhe changes his name and writes a book about his own life  how he thought he met Bobby Deol and the rest of stuff that happened in his earlier life  but is in big shock and excitement when he finds out that on his Book Premiere.
They became good friends.
<EOS>
Vallavan is a happy-go-lucky college student.
Bala & Suji are two.
He sees Swapna.
When they re.
He immediataly falls with her.
Swapna shows up.
Vallavan s.
She s revealed to be a teacher.
Who s three years older.
He decides to woo her.
Pallan makes Swapna fall for his heart.
Though he is ugly.
The pair get intimate and end up having sex.
But  she dumps him and decides to marry another guy.
When Swapna comes to know that Pallan is younger and that too a student.
Meanwhile a sequence take place  much to the chagrin of Vallavan.
Who is highly insulted.
He recalls his school life.
Vallavan walks.
Vallavan met Geetha.
When he was.
A hysteric Geetha ensures.
Vallavan runs crazy.
Coming to know  he ends the affair with her.
But she is not ready to let him go so easily.
Vallavan resolves to teach her a lesson.
The flashback ends.
Geetha returns.
She tells him.
She was the spoilsport.
The film fast-forwards to 3 years later.
Geetha is released.
The moment  she lets go and exhibits her fiery psychotic expression.
She steps out.
Vallavan is waiting.
They communicate telepathically.
Vallavan says that he will betray her.
<EOS>
Pete Turner is the leader in the small rural town of Elk Ridge.
Pete bikes over  searching for Scott Carpenter  Eldon Flowers  and Lanny Glenn.
He moves away to live.
He climbs up  being surprised by the rest of the gang.
Pete nominates Scott to become the new leader of their small band.
Pete says good-bye to all his family and friends  then departs on the bus to Chicago.
Year  Scott and Pete keep in touch by writing letters.
Shortest. 
Pete and Scott exchange several letters.
The two lose touch.
Pete befriends a local gang.
One night  Pete and his two friends are arrested.
A while  Pete returns home with his gang  the Blades  to an angry Aunt Maria.
Aunt Maria reveals to Pete a letter indicating.
Pete sends his gang away to save them.
He had been expelled for breaking into a kid s locker.
Aunt Maria decides to send Pete back  and says.
She and Pete s grandfather  Mr Turner  agree that going back would be the best thing for him.
One day  Scott  Eldon and Lanny go over  hoping to find Mr Turner.
Instead  they are surprised to find.
Pete was the one who was home.
They are also surprised.
He replies.
The boys ask Pete numerous questions.
Them treats.
There  Pete and Mr Graff greet each other.
Pete had returned.
Scott suspects Pete shoplifting.
Some treats.
Scott notices were not paid.
The boys wait outside.
The treats he gave.
Later   Scott calls a meeting regarding his suspicions about Pete.
The boys set up to mow Mrs Jenkins  lawn.
Eldon and Lanny doubt him.
Scott goes to borrow Margaret s report.
She had written.
That night  Scott encounters Pete.
Pete confesses stealing.
He stole  and would clean up his act.
He would apologize and pay.
The next day  Regina seeks advice  get her young friends to help Scott  Lanny and Eldon by spying on Pete.
They together form a smaller  unofficial branch.
They call the ButterCreamettes.
Together  they discover.
Pete started a gang.
Together  they vandalize the town  bully young children  and a whole bunch of other dirty deeds.
The afternoon  Scott  Lanny  and Eldon are in their treehouse discussing the issue of Pete s lack of help toward the gang.
They come.
If Pete did not start helping that he would be dismembered.
Margaret later comes  reporting to the gang the actions.
Pete and his friends had recently performed.
Immediately afterward  she collects.
Scott owed her.
Was to take her that night.
Scott passes the cemetery  and catches Pete and his friends all biking in a circle around Margaret  verbally abusing her.
Doing his paper route.
Scott breaks up the circle  knocking one off his bike to the ground.
The boys claim.
Scott insists that Margaret leaves.
They re having a little fun.
Scott delivers the message to Pete.
What he and Eldon and Lanny had agreed on.
Pete then removes himself  firmly claiming.
He now had his own gang.
Scott then goes home to get ready.
Pete and his friends leave.
That night.
Which Eldon and Lanny also attend.
Who happen to be and notice Scott.
Pete throws right near where Scott and Margaret are dancing.
This interrupts the dance.
When it explodes.
Scott then catches Pete and his gang running off  and runs  followed by Eldon and Lanny.
Violence escalates.
Scott and Pete agree in the field.
The next day  Scott s baseball coach and Pastor Reverend Willke  gives the Was That Somebody.
You speech.
Specifics are.
He claim.
An eye-for-eye or tooth-for-tooth have been replaced.
Scott suspects.
Willke had known.
Eldon and Lanny both have been thinking the same thing.
Scott calms them down.
He heard Willke practicing earlier.
Later that day   Eldon and Lanny arrive  claiming.
Pete and his friends are waiting.
Scott wanted to meet Pete alone.
Pete then goes over  expecting a fight.
Scott.
Willke had given.
There is a better way.
Scott then challenges Pete to spend the day.
When Pete claims he s afraid.
He had the guts.
The next day  Pete follows up.
The two spend the day fishing  as well as swimming  jumping off the diving platform  swinging off the rope  and skipping stones  generally reliving the good times.
They built.
They had.
Scott and Pete are in the treehouse  reflecting on the day.
Scott then further confronts Pete.
The conversation goes.
Pete enforces.
Scott departs.
There are only two types.
The next day  Scott and his baseball team  the Red Sox  warm up.
The Red Sox are dominant  leading by 6 home runs.
His presence somehow hurts the Red Sox s momentum.
When Pete shows up.
The Braves come back.
His concentration is thrown off.
When Scott is the last chance the Red Sox have.
Who jinxes him while Scott hits the ball  as the catcher catches the ball  eliminating Scott.
An angered Scott then runs back.
Where Pete stood  scolding him for messing him up.
Mr Turner   apologizes.
Who was.
Scott angrily replies  stating.
Mr Turner could send Pete back where he belonged.
Coach Willke   removes him  claiming.
Who is furious.
He wanted to see him.
An ashamed Scott apologizes.
Mr Turner forgives him.
The Red Sox then lose the championship game.
Scott goes to meet Coach Willke.
Who is understanding losing his temper after costing his team a possible shot at winning the championship.
He teaches him to deal with opposition.
Throwing Scott a few balls.
He also stated.
An eye-for-an-eye makes the world blind.
Scott finally hits a ball out  re-claiming his good hit.
He had seemed to lose.
One day   he is stopped in the bush.
When Scott is heading over on his bike.
Pete s two friends grab him  and take him into the bushes to beat him.
Pete tells Scott to never ever threaten him.
Scott later shows up.
He meets up.
Who are concerned.
Scott tells them not to worry  and asks them to do Scott s paper route this afternoon.
He then heads back  looking around for Pete.
Pete is ready to fight.
When they find each other.
Scott   walked away  whilst stating.
Whom once again  followed the wisdom.
An eye-for-an-eye makes the world blind.
Scott has another discussion with his parents.
His father then teaches Scott.
Pete felt he deserved the items he stole.
Graff then claims.
He would give Pete the treats  for the help  and also to prevent him from stealing.
Scott then uses.
What his father taught him to try to redeem his friend.
Scott goes over  claiming.
Pete was his friend  and would always be his friend.
Scott gives it.
When Pete challenges Scott to take his bike.
Ever since  Pete s gang repays his kindness.
Pete attempts to get back by staging his kidnapping.
Money is demanded from Pete s grandfather under threat of Pete s life.
But Scott and his friends  taking this  attack the pretend kidnapper.
Who is no match.
Angrily  Pete tells them off and runs off.
Where he demands money.
The grocer refuses to let him rob him.
Flabbergasted  Pete attacks the store s goods -- terrorizing the shoppers -- and sends.
Treats flying.
Pete breaks down and runs away.
Scott arrives.
Scott and his friends are pleasantly shocked to read in a newspaper article.
Pete has started a new ButterCream Gang  keeping it a complete secret from everyone.
To conclude the movie  the entire town  sing Pete s favorite commercial lyric You got the right one baby.
<EOS>
Castile  19th Century.
Judge Joaquin Zarco travel.
It is Carnavile.
They fall.
She disappears.
<EOS>
The film tells.
Whom he has joint custody.
Rafael lives a very hectic lifestyle.
His mother Norma suffers.
He has not seen her.
Rafael sees his father Nino frequently but his friends rarely.
He s fielding offers to sell the restaurant and has been for years.
He runs  but changes his mind.
It was started.
His childhood friend Juan Carlos   drops and renews their old friendship  demonstrating the fact.
Who he has not seen.
He has become an actor.
One day  Rafael suddenly suffers a heart attack and   he is forced to reevaluate his life and decide his priorities.
He recovers.
He now wants to sell the restaurant and move and raise horses.
His father wants to remarry his wife.
They were never married.
Rafael is opposed.
His ailing mother will not be much.
He tells his much-younger girlfriend Nati.
He wants some space and some freedom.
She is hurt and tells him.
He is no Albert Einstein  Bill Gates  or even Dick Watson.
She ultimately breaks off their relationship.
Rafael tries to get her to understand his perspective.
Rafael tries to deal  and ends up selling the restaurant and having Juan Carlos act the role of a priest at his parents  second wedding.
The Church is unsupportive.
The film ends  with Rafael opening a new restaurant and apologizing to Nati  she joyously forgives him.
There are strong hints.
Their relationship will revive.
<EOS>
This historical drama recounts the events.
Led. 
The film opens.
Whose name would be changed.
Little Catherine is to marry the Grand Duke Peter  nephew and heir apparent.
Peter already displays signs.
He rejects Catherine  reacting to something innocently.
Said  claiming that she used feminine tricks to win him over.
Though  Peter accepts her.
They have a happy marriage.
Meanwhile  Catherine gains important experience from working as principal aide to the empress.
The empress dies.
Peter becomes tsar  but his mental illness is starting to get the better  along with sheer boredom in the job.
Catherine still loves him - until one night.
When Peter goes one step too far.
She ceases to love him.
Enables her to be.
The following morning  he is arrested.
Catherine is made Empress.
The elevation is marred  contrary to Catherine s command.
Grigory Orlov explains.
Everything has a price.
The crown has the highest price.
The film ends.
The cheers are heard outside.
<EOS>
Mickey gets.
The parents show up and listen to the kids recite and play their musical instruments.
Jackie puts pepper.
Mickey loses his frog.
Farina falls.
The kids get.
The parents are out rescuing Farina.
School is dismissed.
<EOS>
Three dead husbands and twelve children to take care of  what is the modern day working mother supposed to do.
Her children grow resentful.
She desperately hides her efforts to make all ends meet.
She becomes a part.
It seems.
Her best is never good enough.
Funnily yet  Ina rallies her cause.
She can muster - to be the best mother she knows how.
<EOS>
The film starts.
Promotes. 
Richard Garriott is billed as a ` Spaceflight Participant.
These six were all the crew during Garriott s time aboard.
The film proper begins.
A series leads us to a Soyuz spacecraft departing the International Space Station  bearing Garriott  Volkov  and Kononenko back to earth.
Finke and Chamitoff wave goodbye but express their relief.
He was annoying them.
Lonchakov insists.
They all go back to work.
One week later  Chamitoff and Fincke are both missing Garriott.
Chamitoff could no longer juggle.
Fincke knew.
Garriott was good.
Lonchakov points out.
The oxygen use is too high.
Everyone theorizes wildly.
Universally involve interstellar aliens invading the station.
A search ensues.
Which the surprising nature is discovered.
The completed film is just.
It includes numerous references.
<EOS>
Jerry is comfortably asleep in his hole inside a penthouse.
Tom tries to keep to death in the alley below  having been thrown out by the owner.
He writes a note  slips it  and throws it up to hit the penthouse window.
Jerry  awakened  goes out to the balcony and finds both this note.
A second one sent up  Rushing to the alley  Jerry finds the frozen-solid Tom and drags him back upstairs on a trash can lid.
He then sets Tom  thaws him out with an electric blanket  and provides him with an Instant Gourmet dehydrated meal.
Tom and Jerry lounge  listening to music and drinking everything in the owner s liquor cabinet.
Her return startles the inebriated pair.
Jerry dives.
She grabs Tom and prepares to throw him out again.
Tom grabs Jerry and shows him  throwing her into a panic.
He pitches the mouse  betraying him.
Jerry angrily digs himself out and sneaks back in  using some of the owner s face powder to disguise himself as a ghost.
Tom enjoys the owner s favor.
Tom believes.
When Jerry puts an album on the stereo and switches off the lights.
The mouse s ghost has come to haunt him.
He flees.
Where the snow washes off part and exposes the ruse.
Tom prepares to strike back  but  the snowdrift gives way.
He can do so.
He falls down.
He quickly writes a new note and throws it up  Jerry responds by throwing a pair of ice skates.
A hockey stick down  then goes back to his hole.
<EOS>
Lily and Nira are brought together  they were both victims of a serial rapist twenty years earlier.
Together they begin to research the crimes and the fate.
<EOS>
Make-up artist Sammy is hired as the director of a cosmetic company with Claire being the only colleague.
Who is willing to assist him.
Sammy invites Arnold  a fellow make-up artist  to join him.
His heart still lingers.
Ron might appear to be a woman s magnet.
A minor incident ties the friendship among Sammy  Ron and the yacht billionaire Syd.
Syd meets Claire and aims to pursue her.
Having grown up  Claire seizes this as a golden opportunity to live a prosperous life and asks Sammy for help to fulfill her dream  without realizing.
She has fallen with Sammy.
<EOS>
Mister Geppetto is an earnest woodcutter.
Years ago  he had carved the image into a pine tree for his secret love Leona.
Lightning hits the pine tree.
A few years later  Geppetto finds the pine tree again.
It splits and rolls down the bank  landing at his feet.
Geppetto is intrigued and takes the log home.
He discovers.
The pine log refuses to be burned  and so he decides to carve the new puppet.
His puppet  named Pinocchio  is soon mysteriously animated alarming him.
Then Pinocchio becomes aware and decides to chase the bird.
Gepetto finally finds Pinocchio and starts teaching him about.
To behave.
However   Pinocchio runs off.
A short conversation Geppetto has.
First he sees a boy.
Who throws the ball.
Pinocchio then goes and becomes involved with two thieves  Volpe and Felinet.
Who attempt to flatter Pinocchio.
Then Geppetto comes and warns Pinocchio to mix with the right people.
Volpe and Felinet go Lorenzini.
Who owns a luxurious puppet theatre.
Felinet tells him.
Lorenzini appears interested.
He visits Geppetto that afternoon.
However   Geppetto refuses to sell Pinocchio.
Pinocchio is somewhat taken.
Later  Pinocchio follows a group a schoolchildren and becomes fascinated.
Which he wants to go.
Gepetto allows.
But a boy named.
Lampwick and Lampwick s friend Saleo involves him.
The teacher punishes Pinocchio  forcing him to leave the company of the real boys.
He then causes a great deal of mischief in a bakery.
Which the baker s wife causes more damage.
Geppetto is held responsible and is arrested.
Pinocchio returns home and meets ` the voice  in the form of a wise and optimistic cricket named Pepe.
Geppetto spends the night.
He promises to help Pinocchio to become a real boy.
He will start acting to be a good person.
The next day  Geppetto and Pinocchio stand.
Who rules that  unless Geppetto can pay  he will be sent in prison for three years.
Lorenzini steps in and offers to pay off the debt.
Pinocchio be handed over.
Geppetto strongly refuses but eventually gives in  believing.
Perhaps the puppet will be better.
Pinocchio is heartbroken and does not want to leave his father.
Geppetto tells them.
He can not be his father.
Pinocchio comes to enjoy the theatre and also comes to believe.
Lorenzini loves him as much as his father did.
Pepe tells him.
Lorenzini is just using him to get rich and success.
Pinocchio comes to realize this.
He performs  and manages to save several puppets from being burned by the cruel Lorenzini.
He accidentally sets the theatre aflame.
He escapes.
He floats away down the river  passing to a quiet monastery  after being attacked by a woodpecker.
Volpe and Felinet catch up and manage to swindle him out of golden coins by telling him.
If he buries them  they will grow into a tree of miracles that will turn him into a real boy.
Pepe scolds the puppet and proclaims  Miracles do nt grow.
Miracles are made.
However  Pinocchio is enticed to join a wagon-load of other boys.
Who are being taken.
Where they are encouraged to perform several bad deeds.
Pinocchio s hat falls into a river.
Later Geppetto and Leona arrive and find it  thinking.
Pinocchio is lost.
Geppetto professes his love for Leona.
Meanwhile Pinocchio Lampwick and Saleo go.
Where they get douced from a fountain that suddenly turns the boys into Donkeys.
Then they are rounded up.
Who runs the park.
Pinocchio  having grown only donkey ears  frees the donkeys.
Chased  Pinocchio attempts to warn the other boys of the cursed water in the fountain.
No one believes him.
Pinocchio makes donkey-Lampwick kick Lorenzini sending him.
He transforms.
Lorenzini gets out and jumps in a river.
The boys  having learned  run away together to get back to their homes  scaring much of Lorenzini s henchmen away  and leaving Pinocchio and the donkey-Lampwick to journey back home alone.
However   she is still there  and takes care.
When Pinocchio arrives.
Reluctantly allowing Pinocchio to row a boat to find Geppetto.
However  the puppet gets swallowed.
Pinocchio is finally reunited with Geppetto.
Pinocchio tells Geppetto.
Order to escape.
He hates him.
The lie causes Pinocchio s nose to lengthen again and push the whale s throat open wider.
The nose then breaks  but still holds the throat.
Unable to breathe properly  Lorenzini is forced to vomit both Pinocchio and Geppetto out.
He succumbs.
Geppetto and Pinocchio make it back to shore.
Where Geppetto apologizes and tells him that he loves him  finally transforming the puppet into a real boy.
Pinocchio runs into Volpe and Felinet and tricks them into drinking from the fountain of the park.
Where he and the other boys were turned.
Pinocchio returns to live life Lampwick.
Who changed back along with the other cursed boys by becoming good and doing good deeds.
<EOS>
The film concerns the late coming of protagonist Gavin Lamb  a painfully shy 31-year-old virgin still living at home with his parents and salon.
Who works.
The socially awkward Gavin forges sudden romantic connections  a sultry millionairess  an idiosyncratic recluse  and a single mother.
Who is a junior hairdresser.
<EOS>
The film is a family comedy.
<EOS>
-LCB- -LCB- context -RCB- -RCB- The movie is set some time.
Long John receives grave news.
Who kidnaps Governor Strong s daughter Elizabeth for ransom along with Jim Hawkins.
There is also a second treasure cache.
Long John visits Governor Strong and his wife to propose to give.
They pursue Mendoza.
Long John goes with Billy Bowlegs to Mendoza s ship and explains.
Billy shot his two partners to hoard the ransom money.
Long John invited a plan to Mendoza to leave Elizabeth on shore and mislead the Governor s warships.
Order to sack the king s warehouses.
Long John finds.
Mendoza carries out the plan.
Jim possesses the very medallion.
He summons his men to ambush and capture Mendoza along with the warehouse fortune.
Mendoza begins to double cross Long John.
Jim and Elizabeth make their escape.
Back at the governor s Jim is offered the chance to go back.
Long John has plans to take Jim on the second voyage for Treasure Island.
Long John seizes an opportunity.
Long John sets off missing Purity Pinker s hand and barely escaping the alert local sentries.
Long John plots to start a mutiny and take over his ship.
MacDougall plans to have Long John and his men marooned on an island.
Is the secret hideout.
Jim sets fire.
That Long John and his crew can capture Mendoza s ship.
Mendoza awaits his next ship.
Once  Long John and his men take shelter in the stockade from Israel Hands.
Who survived Jim s shot some time ago  but is blind.
Israel keeps Long John and his men trapped  killing them a few.
Soon Mendoza s men arrive.
Israel offers service  in return for a passage to Cornwall and vengeance against Jim.
Mendoza burns down the stockade.
Long John follows the trail to the caves.
Where the treasure is buried.
Israel tries to kill Jim.
Jim leads him.
Where he plunges off.
He taken.
Jim heads back.
Who is going to use him to get Long John.
Long John surrenders  giving his men the opportunity to make a gunpowder attack  cutting down Mendoza s forces and leaving the rest marooned.
Long John returns.
He and Jim ride off.
<EOS>
Pi is a 16-year-old boy.
Who is the only person to survive the sinking.
He finds himself.
<EOS>
Larry and Shemp are hiding out.
Larry wants to marry his girlfriend Lenore.
She refuses to consent.
Shemp marries her sister Roberta.
The problem is.
Shemp is rarely sober  and madly with an imaginary giant canary named Carrie.
A private investigator finds the missing train  and is trying to get a sense of.
The car was stolen.
Moe had a previous relationship  and has not seen her for years.
Fate would have it.
He is ecstatic to find her  and tries his best to rekindle the long dormant love affair.
Moe then decides to abandon his responsibilities and stay  trying to marry Roberta.
Shemp winds up with both women  but still prefers his imaginary bird.
<EOS>
The film focuses.
She is about to marry Neil Tempest  a sergeant  but is actually in love with Bucky OHara  one of Tempest s underlings.
Whom she is constantly flirting.
Meanwhile  her father is attacked by Barode Dukane.
Andree   feels.
Who has witnessed the struggle.
She is responsible.
Her father helps her flee town.
OHara is assigned to locate and arrest her.
He tracks her down  but is followed.
Tempest tries to help her.
They are caught.
OHara eventually comes  saving Tempest and Andree s lives.
Her innocence is proven.
Tempest breaks the engagement  realizing.
His fiancee is.
<EOS>
Zinos  a German  owns Soul Kitchen  a shabby  run-down restaurant providing working-class food in the Hamburg area  in an old warehouse space.
The business is struggling financially.
Tax inspectors ask Zinos.
Occasionally a punk rock band uses the restaurant  but never pays rental fees.
An old sailor  Sokrates  continuously works at the warehouse  but is never able to pay the rent.
Zinos argues with his girlfriend Nadine  a journalist.
Who is preparing to leave to Shanghai.
The chef  Shayn  has an argument with a customer.
The restaurant owner dismisses Shayn.
Afterwards  Zinos meets an old schoolmate  Thomas Neumann  and his fiancee Tanja.
Zinos and Nadine maintain contact via Skype.
Zino s incarcerated brother Illias  a gambler and hustler  is serving a prison sentence  and has special leave.
Where he is allowed occasional leave  but must do community work as part of the terms.
Zinos agrees to hire Illias to work  to the disdain of bartender Lucia.
Illias has never had a regular job.
Illias asks Zinos not to tell anyone.
Later  Zinos injures his back.
When trying to move a heavy dishwasher.
He has no medical insurance and can not afford full medical treatment.
Zinos meets a physical therapist  Anna.
Unable to cook  Zinos finds Shayn and hires him.
Shayn insists.
This drives away the old clientele and shrinks business.
Illias has the idea.
He achieves.
Shayn begins to teach Zinos gourmet cooking skills.
Gradually  the restaurant s reputation and fortunes turn around.
Where Zinos can make a tax payment.
Lucia changes her opinion and begins to find herself attracted to him.
Zinos inadvertently  whilst drunk  revealed that Illias has a criminal record  with time and his success as a DJ at Soul Kitchen.
Meanwhile  Neumann has designs.
He offers to buy Soul Kitchen.
Zinos continually refuses.
One evening  Shayn spikes one dessert.
This has an effect.
Where the two have sex.
Afterwards   Neumann says.
Zinos complimented Neumann.
He s done the same thing financially.
However   Zinos chats with Frau Schuster.
Zinos reveals Neumann s full name.
Zinos had hoped to travel to meet Nadine.
The new success causes Zinos to be distracted from maintaining contact with her.
New tensions arise.
To try to reconcile  Zinos plans to leave for Shanghai.
He makes Illias manager and gives him full power of attorney.
Nadine advises Zinos not to make the journey.
She might be moving her assignment.
Zinos buys the plane ticket.
He sees Nadine  accompanied by a Chinese man  Mr Han.
She has returned.
Which Zinos arrives uninvited.
Mr Han is Nadine s new boyfriend.
Zinos disrupts the funeral and becomes estranged.
Illias loses the Soul Kitchen in a poker game to Neumann  and signs away the deed.
Neumann and his hired men evict Zinos  Illias and the other denizens.
To try to prevent completion  Zinos  Illias and some accomplices plan to steal the title deed.
The theft fails.
The brothers are arrested.
Zinos is released.
Illias is kept confined.
Anna takes Zinos to a chiropractor  Kemal the Bone Cruncher.
Whose extreme therapy succeeds.
Zinos is despondent.
However  Nadine feels some guilt.
They have a reconciliation.
Where she indicates her eventual plans to return and to stay with Mr Han.
Lucia has found employment.
Shayn has apparently left the country altogether.
However  the tax authorities have arrested and convicted Neumann of tax fraud.
Neumann catches a glimpse of Illias  not knowing.
That Illias was a convict.
Soul Kitchen is now up.
Neumann s ownership is now void.
Zinos asks Nadine.
She is now wealthy.
Prevents a rival bid.
Illias continue his relationship.
The film ends.
Who is visiting Soul Kitchen.
<EOS>
Po is assigned to teach an introduction to Kung Fu class for a group of rambunctious rabbit children.
It does nt take him long to bring the class to order and for the kids to calm down  and begins to emphasize to the kids.
Combat is not the only part.
To illustrate his point  he uses the stories and the basic philosophical concepts.
They learned that enabled them to be great Kung Fu masters.
Mantis was a petulantly impatient warrior.
Who was prone.
The long wait allowed him to find the patience to play dead long enough to ambush his captors.
When this habit got himself captured.
He was forced to endure.
Viper  the daughter  was born without venomous fangs.
Her father   was despondent.
Who relied to protect the village.
She could never succeed him  making her feel timid.
Great Master Viper encountered a gorilla bandit.
Who wore armor hard enough to shatter his fangs when he tried to bite him.
Seeing her father  Viper found the courage to fight the bandit and defeat him with her ribbon dancing skills.
Crane was an unconfident janitor.
The star pupil Mei Ling encouraged him to seek enrollment.
Crane accidentally stumbled.
Though his nerve failed him.
Determined eligibility and suddenly found the confidence to take the challenge.
Enabled him to succeed.
Tigress was an orphan.
Whose status left her feared and isolated in the rest of the orphanage where she lived.
Master Shifu came to kindly teach her the discipline.
She desperately needed to control her movements until she could perform delicate tasks.
Master Shifu took her.
When she was again rejected by the adults who were still scared of her.
Monkey was a troublemaker.
Who tormented his village owing.
He defied.
All attempts to force him to leave.
Oogway told him to stay and encouraged him to show compassion to others.
He would want.
Master Shifu returns to see Po s anticipated lack of progress teaching.
He s surprised.
He underestimated Po s talents yet again  considering how much the panda s students have learned.
<EOS>
Vic DeSalvo is a successful New Jersey trucking magnate.
He has no talent.
He hawks his scripts and ideas to another.
He is turned down.
Finally  he meets an executive.
Who has just been fired.
To revenge himself  he accepts Vic s script and arranges to be filmed.
The resultant episode is abysmally awful.
Vic is only inspired.
He decides to act as well as write and direct.
He throws a huge party to make himself known.
No-One comes   a statistician at a ratings agency.
They fall.
She reveals.
When Francine is passed over by her philandering and incompetent boss.
The ratings system can be.
They conspire to run a scam.
Will make Vic s programmes the.
The scam works.
Vic is voted best new actor.
But the agency has now discovered the scam.
As soon  he is arrested.
Vic has accepted his award.
Francine and Vic are married.
<EOS>
The film revolves.
Who are sent to learn proper etiquette.
One causes a scandal  then announces on planning to elope with a boy.
When she stays out all night.
She gets.
When the faculty finds out.
<EOS>
Romeo is a dog.
Who once lived.
One day his owners decide to migrate.
He is left.
Who dumps him.
Left to fend  he is soon cornered by the local gang -- Guru  Interval  Hero English and a dog-wannabe-cat  Mini.
Who tell him that this is their domain.
Romeo does not know the street lingo and is.
He manages to win the gang over.
Together  they set up a successful dog-grooming business.
Chhainu  the right-hand  arrives to collect hafta in the form of bones.
Romeo throws Chhainu out.
The others  terrified  go to plead their case.
Charlie threatens them.
Whom he calls his Angels.
Romeo tricks Charlie.
Romeo then meets Laila   they dance.
Who is singing.
He falls.
To win her over  Laila tells Romeo.
He must dance in front of everyone at the Moonlight Club where she performs.
Romeo says yes  unaware.
Charlie has long wanted her.
Anyone is punished.
Who dares go.
However  Romeo braves the odds and dances to win her heart.
Charlie  in a fit of rage  captures and terrorizes Romeo.
Romeo then promises.
He would make Laila fall with Charlie.
Romeo does not intend to lose Laila  but plans to deflate Charlie s ego.
She s not interested.
This only ends up exacerbating Charlie s ire  forcing Romeo to promise him a second meeting.
The night  however  Chhainu catches Romeo kissing Laila.
Who then shouts telling Laila of Romeo s deal with Charlie and angrily says she never wants to see him again.
Charlie s Angels are then wooed.
Charlie is chased and caught.
But  Romeo pushes him to escape  Charlie then convinces Guru  Hero English  Interval and Mini to create a distraction to get the guard away from the van  they succeed.
Before Charlie is caught.
Romeo go s.
Charlie jumps and says  but the van begins to drive.
He will free Romeo using a pin.
He falls off.
Charlie races  losing the pin in the progress.
They escape but Romeo feels there no point staying  the next day throws his sack onto an open train boxcar about to leave the station but Charlie arrives with Laila and the others  Charlie says to Romeo  he explained everything and says  he lets go of her hand.
Laila said she never wanted to see him again.
He is a fool.
She is Romeo s and no one elses.
Laila begins to run   Charlie remarks.
Romeo holds his hand out.
Where have i seen this before.
She reaches and grabs it.
The handle Romeo was holding had lost its top screws  making him fall off.
Which they raise there heads.
It then go s.
Where everyone is back singing a remix version.
<EOS>
The story is a thriller.
Revolves. 
Lady Lebanon tells her son  Lord William Lebanon.
He must marry his cousin Isla Crane to continue the family line.
However  William has no intention.
Matters are made more complicated.
Who has come.
The strange behavior of two footmen and the family physician add to the mystery surrounding the family and eventually rumor and speculation lead to a murderous conclusion.
The film was released on DVD by Odeon Entertainment as part of their ` Best of British  collection.
The film had not been seen in public since its original release.
<EOS>
Erica and Heather Rose are identical twins.
Who share a bond that became stronger as they grew up.
Their lives have had many parallels  They both have successful careers  are both happily married  and are both loving mothers to 8-year-old children.
Erica s daughter Sarah and Heather s son David grew up sharing an equally close bond.
Erica anguishes over.
David is struck and killed.
She might be able to explain that her companion David is dead.
But the bond extends past the grave.
Sarah reveals that David has already told her that he is gone.
The following day beats up a boy and told.
Who had just won class leader.
Sarah David ca nt be class leader because he s dead.
She tells them she dons nt want to go.
Her parents pick Sarah up.
Erica s husband gets upset but pulls over later.
Sarah had drawn a picture.
David told her too.
<EOS>
Leda  the mistress is murdered.
The family accuses the milkman.
But Marcoux s daughter s fiance suspects.
Leda may have been murdered.
<EOS>
It is winter.
Lateef is.
He works.
Lateef s job is to serve tea and prepare food with.
Whom he is always quarrelling.
The workers come.
Some workers are Afghan refugees.
They have no identity cards and are employed illegally.
The Afghan workers must hide.
When the labour inspectors show up.
An Afghan worker  NAJAF  falls and breaks his leg.
The story starts.
He is taken.
The next day  SOLTAN  another Afghan worker  brings.
Who is around 14 years old  to replace his father.
Memar soon realizes.
Rahmat is not fit  and decides to switch the jobs between Rahmat and Lateef.
Lateef is furious  threatens Rahmat  tries to sabotage his work and spies.
One day.
Where Rahmat works.
Rahmat is a girl.
He finds himself.
He watches her comb her hair.
He becomes protective  helpful and gradually desperately in love with Rahmat.
She seems to respond.
Rahmat does not express herself verbally at all.
They find.
Themselves face to face.
She panics and runs away.
They chase her.
Lateef runs  struggling with the inspectors.
Rahmat flees.
Lateef is beaten and taken.
Now Memar must pay a fine  comply  and lay off all illegal Afghan workers.
Lateef ca nt bear Rahmat s absence  and decides to locate Soltan to get some news.
He goes.
Where the Afghans live  walks around  meets an enigmatic cobbler  and ends up.
Where Afghan families are gathered.
He inquires  but gets no clues.
Stands Rahmat in female clothing.
She sees.
Lateef  stares for a while  then leaves the ceremony.
Lateef is not aware.
The next day  he finds Soltan  and learns.
Rahmat works.
Lateef rushes there to find Rahmat  working with other women carrying heavy stones from the river.
He is distressed  and wants to find a way to help her out.
He gets all his accumulated wages  and hands them to Soltan  asking him to pass them on to Najaf.
They agree to meet the next day.
Soltan has given the money.
The next day  instead of Soltan  Najaf shows up to inform Lateef.
Soltan has gone.
He tells Lateef some money.
Soltan came and offered him.
He d borrowed.
He also tells Lateef  and has advised Soltan to keep it  and use it to leave immediately for Afghanistan.
He has refused the money.
Where he had a life and death issue.
Lateef is now shocked and worried.
Lateef becomes even more worried the next day.
When he overhears a conversation that Najaf is now faced with family problems in Afghanistan.
His brother has been killed.
He also hears.
Rahmat s real name is BARAN.
Lateef goes back.
Who is exhausted.
Powerless she is going through  Lateef returns to the construction site in a state of depression.
The next morning  Najaf is at the construction site to meet Memar.
Lateef overhears Najaf begging Memar to lend him some money.
Lateef makes a desperate attempt to get money.
He sells the only valuable thing  his identity card.
He has.
Lateef learns.
When he brings the money.
Thanks will return to Afghanistan.
Lateef is overwhelmed  and finds refuge in the shrine.
There   he hears from all around him the same sounds.
He heard when he first saw Baran.
He surrenders.
The next day   is finally face-to-face with Baran.
Helping Najaf to load a truck with a serene look.
They exchange their feelings of love.
Her shoe gets stuck.
Baran covers herself and walks.
Lateef gets  takes her shoe out of the mud  and hands it to Baran.
She can wear it and leave.
The truck takes Baran away.
Left alone  Lateef stares at the footstep in the mud left by Baran s shoe  and smiles.
The rain covers it.
<EOS>
The movie revolves the author.
Shankar meets while working.
Most of the characters experience tragedy  in one form or another.
The major characters Shankar encounters  Mr Satyasundar Bose is Shankar s co-worker and the receptionist.
Are. 
Mr Bose  played  is shown to be extremely friendly  benevolent and loved by all.
Being an efficient worker  he takes care very well  including guarding their secrets  and earns the respect and admiration of his boss  Marco Polo.
He and Ms.
Sujata Mitra  an air hostess  become close.
Who visits the hotel frequently.
They decide to marry.
Sata resigns as a receptionist in search for a better living after their wedding.
Sujata too decides to resign.
Married women can no longer be employed.
Unfortunately   she meets.
As she was about to take her last flight.
Take off that leads.
Her death leaves.
Sata bereaved and.
Unable to live  he leaves Kolkata and goes to Africa.
Where his former boss  Mr Marco Polo has opened a new hotel and is more than willing to have him.
Thereafter  the fate remains unknown.
Ms.
Karabi Guha  played  is a housekeeper and hostess at the guest house owned by Mr Aggarwal.
Who is apparently a friend.
She takes a leading role.
Who are visiting Kolkata.
She alerts Anindya Pakrashi.
When she comes to know in jeopardizing the business agreement.
Eventually  Anindya and Karabi fall.
However   she insults Karabi and warns her to leave Anindya for money.
When Mrs Pakrasi comes to know.
Eventually   Karabi shows the pictures of Mrs Pakrasi with her boyfriends.
This leaves.
Mrs Pakrasi stunned and agrees to let Karabi marry Anindya.
However  later  thinking  Karabi feels an intense sense of guilt for her actions.
Unable to confront  she decides to end up her life.
Anindya Pakrashi  played is the son of the renowned business personality of Kolkata  Mr Madhab Pakrasi.
He is shown to be as well mannered  humble and friendly.
Madhab Pakrasi entrusts him with dealing with the German businessmen.
Anindya finds Karabi to be extremely helpful.
Eventually  Karabi and Anindya fall.
It leaves him heart-broken and dumbfound.
When unable to confront  Karabi commits suicide.
The fate remains unclear after this incident.
Madhab Pakrasi is a renowned business man.
Remaining busy and out most of the time  he is unaware of his wife s infidelity.
His only son  Anindya is educated.
He entrusts Anindya.
When his son returns.
Mrs Pakrasi  wife leads a double life.
She devotes herself to social work appearing as a perfect Bengali woman.
She visits the hotel in disguise and spends nights with her then boyfriend.
She engages in short term sexual relationships with different men at different times.
Apparently   Shankar and Karabi knows.
Shown. 
Sujata Mitra  played  is an air hostess by profession.
Her family lives.
She spends her nights serving the passengers on board and lives at the hotels in the various cities.
Where her work takes her.
Sata finds her simple minded  smart and attractive and falls with her.
She too commits and buys him a new apartment.
Where they would spend together once married.
Unfortunately   before leaving her profession  she meets with a trajic air crash and dies in the process.
This accident leaves Sata bereaved and.
<EOS>
A man vanishes.
His lover  a married  successful politician  discreetly contacts private investigator Varg Veum.
Varg finds her lover murdered.
The politician s husband is arrested.
However  Varg accuses the police and gets involved in an international murder case branching out far beyond Norwegian borders  with adversaries.
Who will stop.
<EOS>
A city is thrown.
Leaves five dead.
Becomes complicated.
What at first seems to solve.
When the accused requests that Jack Reacher be put.
One shot  one kill is the military sniper s creed.
A gunman fires  murdering five victims with six shots.
The evidence leads the police.
He s arrested but only says two things.
Reacher is a former Army Military Police officer  a drifter  no car  no home  but with a sharp moral clarity in a modern climate of moral ambiguity.
Barr murdered four people to the recent shootout.
When Barr and Reacher were.
Barr had walked free.
Reacher swore.
He would track the sniper down if he ever tried it again.
Reacher believes.
Barr s sister Rosemary is convinced  enlisting young defense lawyer Helen Rodin.
Her brother is innocent.
A.
Father and a prosecution team that has a secret.
Barr has been beaten so badly.
When Reacher arrives.
He ca nt remember anything  leaving Reacher to form his own conclusions.
Reacher knows.
The shooter missed one shot  giving Reacher one shot at the truth.
Reacher goes and learns some facts from Samuel Cash  the former U.
S.
Marine doubt the guilty airtight case.
Who owns the shooting range  which make him.
Cash is unwilling to reveal information or records to Reacher  but later on shows him 32 sheets from three years of target paper of Barr s practice at his range  every single sheet with dead-on maximum scores.
Reacher adds Cash s information.
Helen and Rosemary also analyze the clues and help convince Reacher.
Barr could be innocent  which means someone set up Barr.
Someone is also trying to get Reacher.
He gets closer.
Reacher clashes with a Russian gang  masquerading as legitimate businessmen.
The gang s capo spent most in the infamous Soviet Gulag and is known only as The Zec.
Reacher is  outwitting the mob guards in the Russian gang s fortress  efficiently and brutally dispatching five hoods before confronting the boss and forcing him to come clean on the whole scam and.
<EOS>
One million years  human beings have created a race of human-looking androids called Fleshapoids to fulfill their every desire.
Humans have become selfish and lazy.
They no longer need to work or do anything to take care.
One day  a Fleshapoid named.
Xar revolts  kills his female human master and hooks up.
The marriage is falling apart.
Xar and Melenka fall.
The Prince uncovers the Fleshapoids  illicit romance and attempts to stop them.
The Princess tries to deceive her husband and run away.
But Xar flips out again.
He and Melenka kill the Prince.
But  also comes life.
Xar and Melenka s unusual lovemaking produces a cute baby robot.
<EOS>
Four college students  unable to find on-campus housing  take up residence.
Where she lives.
A police investigation is launched.
One is found dead.
Uncovers the history.
The remaining students become endangeredNew DVD Label Arrives.
<EOS>
Fina and Rodel s marriage is a match made in heaven.
What they call home.
The couple s lives remains empty.
Devoid  any attempts may prove fatal to Fina due to her medical condition.
They make to conceive.
Rodel takes matters into his own hands and seeks the services of a surrogate  Ditas.
The plan goes.
When Rodel becomes genuinely attracted and more alluring Ditas  while Ditas  whose lived a destitute life  finds the notion of prosperity equally irresistible.
The well-intentioned plan to resuscitate life back may become its undoing.
<EOS>
The documentary follows the lives  search for food  and trade in northern Quebec  Canada.
They travel.
Nanook  his wife  Nyla  and their baby  Cunayou  are introduced.
Who endure rigors no other race could survive.
<EOS>
Having been diagnosed  Henry Poole purchases a tract house in his hometown  a working class suburb of Los Angeles  and awaits the inevitable  fortified with whiskey and frozen pizza.
His peaceful solitude and self-imposed exile are disrupted.
Who insists she sees the face and is convinced the image has miraculous powers when it begins to exude drops of blood.
Before long  she is leading pilgrimages and inviting Father Salazar from the local parish to bless the supposedly sacrosanct blemish.
Henry finds himself interacting with Dawn and her taciturn six-year-old daughter Millie.
Who has nt spoken a word.
Dawn becomes convinced.
When Millie begins to talk.
Another disciple is supermarket cashier Patience.
Who wears thick glasses and discovers her vision is perfect after she too comes with the stain.
Disbelieving and frustrated.
Who have gathered.
A corner collapses on him.
He is greeted by Esperanza  Dawn and a talking Millie and is startled to learn the truth about his condition and finds himself ready to accept the possibility of miracles.
<EOS>
The Pink Panther  desperate  stumbles into a local hotel.
He then battles wits  taking refuge in an obese man s room.
Eventually the hotel detective loses his mind and quits his job  and walks out just.
A hotel detectives convention arrives.
<EOS>
The trio decides to get rich with the help of their samogon-making apparatus.
The making goes well  and towards the end of their work shift  they decide to try some of their product.
They think.
Someone had approached their izba.
Their dog smashes some bottles.
The trio is distracted.
The dog also takes.
The condenser coil  and while being chased  leads them to the militsiya.
<EOS>
A blind man named.
Wally Karew and a deaf man named Dave Lyons meet when Wally applies.
Wally and Dave become friends.
Dave reads lips and guides Wally.
Wally tells Dave and.
What people say.
Wally defeats a belligerent man in a fistfight with assistance from Dave.
Who uses clock-face directions to tell Wally where his opponent is.
Dave hires Wally.
One morning   a man walks.
Wally waits outside.
He surreptitiously removes a gold coin and places it in a box of coins sitting on the counter.
When the man is approached.
The woman takes the suitcase and shoots the man.
Dave - whose back is turned - reads the information.
Dave neither sees nor hears the shooting.
He notices Eve s legs.
She leaves the shop.
Wally   walks and falls over the man s dead body.
Who heard the gunshot.
Dave then rushes to help Wally and picks up the gun.
Eve left.
They find.
When the police arrive.
Dave and Wally huddled holding the gun.
Dave tells Wally to collect the coins.
They are arrested.
Dave and Wally are interrogated by Captain Braddock  an experienced but callous detective.
Who immediately becomes hostile and makes them his prime suspects.
Wally recognizes Eve s perfume.
When Eve and her accomplice Kirgo - hoping to recover the coin - arrive to bail them out.
Dave recognizes her legs  but Braddock ignores them.
When they insist that she is the killer.
Wishing to avoid Eve and Kirgo  Dave and Wally escape.
When they are released.
The criminals soon find them.
Eve takes the coin her boss Mr Sutherland for instructions  allowing Dave to learn the criminals  plans by reading her lips.
They use the fistfighting method.
When Kirgo tries to kill Dave and Wally.
They learned to knock him unconscious.
They then steal an unattended police car and drive away chasing them.
Working together to guide the patrol car  Dave and Wally evade both the police and the criminals.
They accidentally launch the car.
The two men walk to a motel and telephone Wally s sister Adele for help.
The police follow Adele and search her motel room  but she  Wally  and Dave avoid detection.
They drive away.
The police have left.
Having incorrectly read Eve s lips  Dave believes.
They need to find a woman named Grace George.
Adele realizes called Great Gorge.
Eve must have been referring.
Dave and Wally impersonate visiting professors and steal the coin from Eve.
Adele distracts Kirgo.
However  Kirgo and Eve kidnap Adele and take her.
Dave and Wally put their rescue plan into action  with the result.
The two men are captured.
Sutherland reveals.
The coin is a room-temperature superconductor  which is extremely valuable.
Kirgo and Sutherland are killed over sharing the profits from the coin s theft.
Which Dave and Wally slide down a wire and have a brief altercation.
The remaining criminals are arrested.
When the police arrive.
Wally and Dave are released having been cleared.
Shortly thereafter  the two men go and reprise a scene from the beginning of the film by dumping ice-cream cones on each other s head.
<EOS>
An extraterrestrial flying saucer is tracked flying.
It lands in Washington  D.
C.
Klaatu emerges  announcing.
He has come.
Klaatu is shot and wounded.
When he takes out and opens a small device.
Gort  a large humanoid robot  emerges from the ship and begins disintegrating the weapons present with a ray coming from a visor-like structure on its head.
Gort continues.
Him to stop.
Klaatu explains.
The now destroyed object was a viewing device  a gift.
Klaatu is taken.
Where he is found to be physically human  but stuns the doctors.
Meanwhile the military attempts to enter Klaatu s ship  finding it impregnable.
Gort stands  mute and unmoving.
Klaatu reveals.
He bears a message so momentous and urgent that it must be revealed simultaneously.
Harley tells him.
It would be impossible to get all to agree to meet.
Klaatu wants to get to know the ordinary people.
Harley forbids it and leaves Klaatu locked up.
Klaatu escapes and lodges.
Mr Carpenter  the name he finds he borrowed.
Are Helen Benson  a World War II widow  and her son Bobby.
The next morning  during alarming radio reports  Klaatu takes in his fellow boarders  suspicions and speculations about the alien visit.
Klaatu babysits Bobby.
Helen and her boyfriend Tom Stephens go.
The boy takes Klaatu  including a visit to his father s grave in Arlington National Cemetery.
Where Klaatu is dismayed to learn that most buried there were killed in wars.
The two visit the heavily guarded spaceship and the Lincoln Memorial.
Klaatu  impressed  queries Bobby for the greatest person living in the world.
Bobby suggests a leading American scientist  Professor Jacob Barnhardt.
Who lives.
C.
Bobby takes Klaatu.
The professor is absent.
Klaatu enters and adds a key mathematical equation  and then leaves his contact information with the suspicious housekeeper.
Who attempts to rub out the equation although is told not to by Klaatu.
Later  government agents escort Klaatu to see Barnhardt.
Klaatu introduces himself and warns the professor.
The people have become concerned for their own safety after human beings developed atomic power.
Klaatu declares.
If his message goes unheeded  Planet Earth will be eliminated.
Barnhardt agrees to arrange a meeting and suggests.
Klaatu give a demonstration.
Klaatu returns to implement the idea  unaware.
Bobby has followed him.
Bobby tells the unbelieving Helen and Tom.
What has transpired  but not until Tom finds a diamond do they begin to accept his story.
The jeweler informs him.
When Tom takes the diamond.
It is.
Klaatu finds Helen.
She leads him.
Mysteriously stops  trapping them together.
Klaatu admits  tells Helen his true identity  and asks.
He is responsible.
A montage sequence shows.
Klaatu has neutralized all electric power everywhere except in situations that would compromise human safety  such as hospitals and airplanes.
The manhunt for Klaatu intensifies and Tom informs authorities of his suspicions.
Helen is very upset and breaks off their relationship.
Helen and Klaatu take a taxi  en route  Klaatu instructs Helen.
Should anything happen  she must tell Gort Klaatu barada nikto.
Klaatu is shot.
When they are spotted.
Helen heads.
Gort awakens and kills two guards.
Helen can relay Klaatu s message.
Gort gently deposits her  then goes to fetch Klaatu s corpse.
Gort then revives Klaatu.
The amazed Helen watches.
Klaatu explains  even  they can not truly overcome death  that power being reserved for the Almighty Spirit.
His revival is only temporary.
Klaatu steps out and addresses the assembled scientists  explaining that humanity s penchant for violence.
First steps have caused concern among other inhabitants of the universe.
Who have created and empowered a race to deter such aggression.
He warns  The decision rests.
If the people threaten to extend their violence into space  the robots will destroy Earth  adding.
He enters the spaceship and departs.
<EOS>
Helga Ohlin is an illegitimate child raised.
Her family arranges.
Her to marry a lout  Jeb Mondstrum.
She runs away and meets Rodney Spencer  an architect.
Who is renting a cabin down the road.
Her father and Jeb find her.
When Rodney leaves the cabin.
She runs away again and joins a circus  she now calls herself Susan Lenox.
She meets Rodney  but they have a misunderstanding.
He leaves.
She runs away and becomes the mistress of Mike Kelly  a politician  she meets Rodney again.
They have another misunderstanding and split.
Susan then searches and finds him.
Finally they end up together.
<EOS>
Shack Twala  a black revolutionary  is freed by Rina van Niekerk  his Afrikaner defence attorney.
Who had served time.
He would be a victim.
Rina  estranged  is having a relationship with an English mining engineer  Jim Keogh.
Who has attended Shack s trial.
Surprised  Rina  Jim and Shack go off to celebrate at her house.
They are stopped.
Who are conducting identity document checks and arresting everyone who does not have their papers.
He will not receive his papers.
Shack has only just been released.
The police Constable and Shack antagonise each other leading being handcuffed and arrested.
The policeman hits her  knocking her.
When Rina attempts to pull the Constable.
Jim assaults and knocks out the Constable making all three fugitives.
An SAP Brigadier is criticised by Major Horn of the South African Bureau of State Security for not only arresting Shack but continuing with their random identity checks and arrests.
Have infuriated world opinion.
The three fugitives are followed and monitored  a man named Wilby.
<EOS>
Rebecca Ryan works  posing as a taxi driver while investigating London s south-side mob.
She believes killed her daughter.
When she finds her young daughter Lynn brutally murdered she fears her cover has been blown wide open  so she turns renegade and begins a brutal campaign against the mob.
The lines  right and wrong begin to blur.
She trawls the seedy depths.
Do her notions.
It falls to track down Rebecca and bring her in.
All hell breaks loose.
<EOS>
Gar Davis has to get out.
A man s been killed.
He comes.
Gar takes the man s jacket  then shoves the corpse  hoping the posse pursuing.
Him will think he s the one who is dead.
Trying to steal a horse  Gar s face is grazed.
Whose mother Celia tends.
Indians attack the house.
Gar helps fend them off.
He and the Greys take off.
An outlaw called  saving his life.
Clett kills a Comanche who s about to bushwhack Gar.
Gar does nt trust him  though.
Clett is carrying cases that he could be selling to the Indians rather than to soldiers at the fort.
Clett tries to take advantage.
Celia no longer trusts him.
Though Gar comes.
She s found the jacket Gar stole.
It belonged  so Celia is now convinced.
Gar murdered him  making her a widow.
Fort Dobbs  soldiers are all dead.
A sheriff appreciates Gar s help fighting the Indians  but lets.
Him know he must place Gar.
Gar claims.
He killed the Largo man after an argument.
Permitted to ride to get help  Gar ends up killing Clett for the rifles  bringing them back to save the fort and to win the widow s trust.
<EOS>
Chetan Chauhan and Bhagat Bhosle are two con artists.
Who have recently robbed Anthony Gonsalves.
Bhagat first meets Anthony and steals his suitcase  covering it up  and tries to leave with it.
The real suitcase accidentally comes out  causing Anthony to chase Bhagat.
Who escapes.
He finds out.
When Anthony goes.
Someone stole it.
Chetan takes the car.
Who changes the color.
The two cons meet each other.
Bhagat brags to Chetan.
He is going to meet a girl named Dolly  who he has paid.
Bhagat even tells Chetan the code word.
Both rob each other.
When they reach the airport.
Only Chetan is successful.
He gets Bhagat s cash and expensive watch  while Bhagat gets Chetan s fake wallet.
The two become enemies.
But both meet again.
When their eyes fall.
Chetan lies.
He is a donor  who helps the needy  while Bhagat acts to be a blind man  who was once a Navy officer.
Both play foul tricks to get Khushi .
Leads. 
Bhagat  Khushi  and Chetan go to a church.
They are drunk  where they meet father Pascal.
Khushi says  but Father Pascal says.
She wants to marry both Bhagat and Chetan.
Only one will marry Khushi.
The two must fight each other.
The two fight  while accidentally hitting Father Pascal.
Chetan and Bhagat eventually get unconscious  and wake up to find Pascal beaten up.
Khushi is missing.
Soon  Anthony greets the two cons  and tells them.
He has kidnapped Khushi.
They need to give him the money.
They want her.
They stole in 24 hours.
The two first go  and tries to tell the bankers to give them money.
The bankers get confused.
What they mean  and tells them.
Soon  a group come to the bank.
One insults Bhagat and Chetan  and the two fight back  taking out all the robbers in the process.
A banker stops them and asks.
The cons try to leave.
Later  they steal money dressed  and goes to Anthony s plane.
Anthony gives them Khushi.
She goes straight.
When the cons ask Khushi who does she love more.
The two cons were actually conned.
He realizes.
When Anthony reaches back home.
Bhagat and Chetan had stole to give him the ransom money  thus conning him of his own cash.
<EOS>
Ryan and Daisy are just.
Ryan is a part-time typist.
Daisy is a Korean immigrant studying.
Ryan encounters is the worst term paper ever written.
What he thinks.
He also comes across a cellphone ad.
He contacts the person selling the phone and eventually became friends.
Then he discovers.
The girl he is talking is one and the same - the Korean girl.
The cultural differences and the language barrier add.
But  both decide to give love a chance.
They have also developed a friendship before they met.
<EOS>
The film begins.
Where a social activist  Simon Petrov  is reading the sentence dictated ordering the Venezuelan state to compensate to the relatives of the victims of the 27 February 1989 riots.
The people began to tell and remember the tragic moments of that event.
<EOS>
Chaplin plays an escaped convict.
Who steals a minister s clothes to get out.
He ends up.
The Pilgrim s true identity is revealed.
When he tries to get a fellow crook to return money the crook stole.
But  the sheriff releases him at the Mexican border.
<EOS>
Cheerful Cockney Bert Gibbs inherits a title and becomes Lord Thornton Heath.
But then he meets up.
Bert implies.
When his mother asks.
They are engaged.
Bert s girl Lenina eventually wins him back.
<EOS>
I  in the British trenches at Passchendaele  an army private  Arthur Hamp is accused of desertion.
He is to be defended by Capt.
Hargreaves  an upper-class officer.
Hamp had been a volunteer and was the sole survivor of his company but then decided to ` go for a walk   he had contemplated walking to his home in London.
He s picked up by the Military Police and sent back to his unit to face court-martial for desertion.
Hargreaves is initially arrogant but comes to identify with his plight.
The soldier must be made an example of in front of the other soldiers.
He is found guilty and is shot.
He is then shot.
He is still alive afterwards.
The action is confined.
The film shows a grim picture during the war.
<EOS>
Enrolling  singer Jesse Crawford saves the life of Judy Grant  a dean s daughter.
She is grateful  but Jesse was unaware.
Jesse performs staged by a student looking to discredit the dean.
All is forgiven.
<EOS>
Jaiprakash Paswan aka Jai and Janki Paswan are fighting a divorce case.
Janki is the only daughter.
Jaiprakash is an assistant dance director.
The duo fell and married against the will of Durgaprasad.
However  Janki buckled.
Other differences cropped up walked out.
The court grants the divorce.
Jai is allowed to meet his beloved daughter Bharti once a week.
But  he loses visitation rights.
When he sneaks to steal Bharti.
Meanwhile  Durgaprasad puts ads.
Jai sees this and calls Durgaprasad.
Impersonating a female  he introduces himself and applies for the position.
Jai undergoes a complete transformation into Laxmi  a dignified elderly woman.
He goes.
Where he is generally viewed.
But Bharti has an accident.
Laxmi acts promptly to give first aid.
Laxmi gets the job and the respect.
Jai begins the job  but creates plausible stories.
That his real work schedule does not clash.
Only Bharti knows the real identity of Laxmi.
Jai learns.
Durgaprasad s secretary Banwari is not exactly thrilled.
The reasons are various.
Meanwhile  Durgaprasad decides to get Janki remarried.
One day   the doctor scampers.
When Janki and Rohit get attacked.
Laxmi saves Janki s life and modesty.
Later  Durgaprasad tells Laxmi.
He has changed his mind.
Laxmi also exposes the thefts committed.
The maid is fired.
Banwari has no other option.
To let a male cook be appointed instead.
Jai runs.
Who is now doing menial jobs.
Laxmi introduces Siraj.
Interestingly  even Siraj does not know.
Laxmi and Jai are the same person.
Jai learns.
Although Janki likes Laxmi  who has earned the affectionate title of Chachi  she still loathes Jai.
Meanwhile  Jai has other problems.
His landlord Haribhai is.
Haribhai falls.
He sees Laxmi.
A struggler named.
If that is not enough.
Ratna tries to cozy up.
Meanwhile  Durgaprasad also falls and goes to the extent of proposing to her.
Jai   buys time by telling Durgaprasad.
` she  is married.
` her  husband has left ` her  and got converted.
Laxmi also convinces Durgaprasad.
` she  is still waiting.
Jai tells Haribhai.
Banwari is Laxmi s husband Durgaprasad.
He also tells Haribhai to harbour no feelings.
Jai tells Banwari.
Laxmi s husband has converted and calls himself Haribhai.
Banwari intensifies his efforts to discredit Laxmi.
Meanwhile  Janki and Durgaprasad realize.
They have punished Jai too hard.
Banwari gets a small victory.
When he blows Siraj s cover.
But Laxmi makes Durgaprasad see sense.
Religion and caste do not matter.
Durgaprasad shows mercy  giving a verdict and need not put up his act anymore.
The cook can stay.
However  now Durgaprasad ends up hurting Janki s feelings.
Banwari and Janki see.
There is something fishy.
Meanwhile  Siraj tries to force Laxmi to marry Durgaprasad.
Siraj threatens ` her.
Forces Jai to reveal himself.
But  owing  Banwari is able to convince Janki.
Laxmi Chachi is a promiscuous woman who is seducing the cook as well as Durgaprasad.
Janki   leaves her father s home and goes to reconcile.
Who is very hurt.
But  Janki gets the wrong idea.
Her husband is also promiscuous.
Janki goes to commit suicide.
Jai/Laxmi follows and jumps into the river to save her.
There  Jai/Laxmi reveals his / ` her  true self.
Janki hears the whole story and reconciles.
They come up.
Laxmi died trying to save Janki.
To tie up other loose ends  they convince Banwari.
Laxmi is dead.
They threaten and blackmail Banwari to ensure his silence.
They tell Haribhai to let it go.
Joseph almost accidentally betrays some part.
Jai hushes up the matter.
Laxmi will always remain alive.
<EOS>
Chaplin plays an assistant.
He engages.
One customer  posing  pulls a gun and tries to rob the place.
Chaplin disarms him.
<EOS>
Spoiled Fanny Trellis is a renowned beauty  with many suitors.
She loves her brother Trippy and would do anything to help him.
She marries the lovestruck businessman.
When Fanny learns that Trippy has embezzled money.
Order to save her brother.
Disgusted  Trippy leaves home to fight in the Lafayette Escadrille in World War I.
Job loves Fanny.
She is merely fond and largely ignores him.
She becomes pregnant  but   she states.
When Trippy dies.
She is stuck.
The marriage then becomes wholly loveless  continuing only.
Job and Fanny s cousin  George Trellis  also enlist but remain stationed.
Fanny enjoys playing the wealthy socialite  stringing along a persistent quartet.
Who are unfazed.
Lonely  Job finds solace.
She divorces him  conveniently ignoring her own behavior.
When Fanny finds out.
Their daughter  also called Fanny  prefers her father and begs him to take her to Europe.
He finally  tearfully and joyfully  says yes.
Job fears and tries unsuccessfully to explain to her the nature of prejudice she will encounter as a Jew abroad.
Fanny is relieved to be free.
Fanny has a series  living well on the extremely generous settlement  half his fortune  and hardly giving a thought to her daughter.
Job has left her.
Whom she does not see.
She retains her beauty.
She grows older.
It ravages her appearance.
When she catches diphtheria.
She invites her old lovers to a party.
The men are shocked.
Much Fanny has changed  leaving her distraught.
Ironically  her latest young suitor Johnny Mitchell falls with her kind daughter.
Who has returned.
They marry and leave for Seattle.
Fanny is left alone.
Fanny s cousin George   brings Job back  unannounced.
Who has wryly observed Fanny s self-centeredness all along.
The Nazis have left Job penniless and worse  George tells Fanny.
He calls to be generous.
Fanny s vanity nearly prevents her.
Job moves  stumbles and falls.
When she does finally enter the parlor.
It is apparent.
He has undergone in Germany  Job has been made blind.
Fanny  sobbing  rushes to cradle him in her arms.
She tells the maid.
She takes his arm and guides him up the staircase.
Mr Skeffington has come home.
Job had once  long ago  told Fanny  and only then.
A woman is beautiful when she s loved.
George tells Fanny.
She has never been more beautiful.
She realizes the truth of it.
<EOS>
Grace Hayes   Grace Hayes  has been content to play the vaudeville circuit  and support her son  and the wealthy family.
Herself essentially.
Who shunned her.
Tired  she goes to visit her son  played by her real-life son Peter Lind Hayes.
Peter Kendricks   played by her real-life daughter-in-law  Mary Healy  as Mary Healy  in cognito.
Once there  she finds her son.
The college going despite the earnest efforts of the kind hearted Dean  Richard Skeets Gallagher  as Professor Warren.
The college and the old families are running out.
Grace buys the local diner  turns it  encouraging the kids to give it the old college try  and put on a show to raise the funds and spirit.
The college needs to survive.
It does nt take long.
The question remains.
Whether the college will survive  or if the Dean  Peter and the kids will be joining Grace and Mary.
<EOS>
Arun  a reclusive artist  moves.
He meets Shai  an American banker.
Who has come to devote time to her hobby  photography  and takes her back to his flat.
Where they have a one-night stand.
The next morning  Arun expresses his disinterest.
Munna  a dhobi  arrives to deliver Arun s laundry.
Who dreams.
Arun moves.
He finds a small container.
Unpacking. 
Had been left.
He finds a silver chain  a ring  and three video tapes by Yasmin Noor.
The tapes turn out to be video diaries.
Which Yasmin communicates.
She is generally happy  and shows her apartment.
Is the same one Arun is occupying now.
The next morning  Arun is informed.
Art dealers  impressed  have decided to open a gallery in Sydney featuring his works.
Arun is pleased.
It would also give him a chance to visit his ex-wife and child  settled.
He begins to work.
They meet and soon become friends.
When Munna delivers laundry.
Munna agrees to show Shai and help her gather photographs about the occupations of the poor.
Shai agrees to shoot a portfolio of Munna to help him get into the film industry.
Arun continues watching Yasmin s tapes and learns more  including.
She has recently married a man who seems distant.
Shai obtains Arun s new address.
Shai s father s construction company.
Is constructing a building.
Shai starts shooting photos from the construction site without Arun being aware of it.
Munna continues struggling to find work.
To earn a living  he washes clothes and kills rats by night.
He disapproves but they are close.
Munna s brother uses his underworld contacts to try to get Munna a break.
Munna shows Shai the different facets of Mumbai  including the dhobi ghaat.
Where he works.
Munna develops feelings but is unable to express them.
Because. 
One day  Arun spots Shai nearby and invites her.
He apologizes.
Munna sees them together and feels betrayed.
Shai is able to convince him to keep helping her.
One night   Shai sees him and takes pictures.
Munna is.
Dismayed  Munna flees.
Arun watches the final video.
Her tone has changed considerably.
Which she revealed learning that her husband was.
She strongly indicates.
She intends to commit suicide.
Shaken  Arun flees the apartment and moves into a new one.
Yasmin might have hanged herself.
Munna arrives home to find.
His brother has been killed.
He and his family relocate his brother s contact in the film industry to show him his portfolio.
Arun studies the painting.
He has been working on.
Is now complete.
Yasmin is prominently featured along.
She had left behind.
Shai finds.
Munna and Munna again tries to flee her.
She catches up.
She insists and asks about Arun s whereabouts.
Still hurt  Munna lies.
They exchange an abrupt farewell.
Shai leaves.
Moments later  Munna changes his mind and runs  weaving through the traffic.
The film ends.
When Munna catches up and gives Shai Arun s new address.
<EOS>
The police prepares to trap the Drug Lord.
The plan fails.
Rizzo decides to interrogate him  but.
When he arrives the Drug Lord has been murdered.
Rizzo is accused and decides to investigate the arrival of an Italo-American mafia man  Frank Barella.
The information  make.
Therefore he must go to find out.
Who he is.
Rizzo encounters Barella.
This leads him to believe.
Who is the corrupt police senior.
<EOS>
Betty and her sister Christine are two young models.
Who are lured to spend a weekend at a country house being photographed by a trendy photographer.
Ann is being set up for a virgin sacrifice and induction into a witch s coven.
<EOS>
Neelakanta Naidu is a big factionist.
He has a loyal confidant called Narasimha fro imis.
Who is willing to give his life.
Neelakanta Naidu s wife gives a birth to a baby daughter.
But all the earlier babies born died due to some unknown reason.
The priests advise Neelakanta to name his daughter.
They also warn Neelakanta.
The kid is having ` jalagandam   hence they ask Neelakanta to take Gangotri in Himalayas and do the ` abhyangana snanam  for the next 15 years.
Gangotri would be free of any dangers.
Gangotri  Simhadri - the son - makes her smile by entertaining her with a song.
When nobody could entertain the kid.
Simhadri becomes a servant cum friend.
They grow together.
Mother of Simhadri sacrifices her life to save Neelakantam.
Gangotri s aunt restricts Simhadri.
When Gangotri attains puberty.
Gangotri and Simhadri realize.
They fell.
They are caught.
When Simhadri comes to meet her.
Neelakantam beats Simhadri.
Meantime  Narasimha comes and interferes.
This causes a rift.
Neelakantam is misinformed  hence he bombs the house of Narasimha.
Simhadri is away.
He comes.
When Simhadri comes to know that Neelakantam is responsible.
He would marry Gangotri.
Then Simhadri reaches Gangotri and waits.
The rest is about.
Simhadri and Gangotri unite together.
<EOS>
Marnie and Dylan are going to follow their dreams to go  at Halloweentown University.
Is also known.
Marnie is offered a full scholarship.
Much goes.
Her brother Dylan reluctantly forced along to keep an eye on her.
The school is not.
What it seems.
Witches and warlocks ca nt use magic  instead they learn about Shakespeare and old magic history.
Marnie had thought and is now crestfallen.
She was going to learn how to use her magic.
She runs and makes a new friend  Aneesa the genie.
She also makes three new enemies  a triad of malevolent witches.
Whom Dylan is immediately infatuated.
Sadly  Marnie discovers.
She is responsible for the restriction on the use of magic at the University.
The University was originally established only to learn.
To use magic.
Most went to college in the mortal realm.
When the portal was opened.
Witch University had to let several different creatures come.
Of that.
That the teachers would actually have students to teach.
The school has allowed mortals and other magical beings to attend.
The classes are boring until a box  with the name S.
Cromwell inscribed  magically appears in front of her.
Most people believe.
Marnie used her magic to conjure up the box.
It was brought by fate  and was therefore out of Marnie s control.
Marnie meets and asks for an explanation.
Miss Periwinkle tells Marnie.
Stands is mentioned.
Chancellor Goodwin tells Marnie.
She believes that she did not conjure up the box  and that it was indeed fate which brought it.
Marnie and Dylan attempt to discover the secret.
He reveals.
He used magical speed reading to skip a grade.
He uses it again secretly and learns.
The box contains the Gift  though the Gift itself remains unknown.
Meanwhile the Sinister sisters use Dylan s infatuation to make him do their homework for them.
A mysterious group known only as the Dominion  realizes and tries to use Marnie to open the box.
The Gift is near.
Marnie decides to go.
Splendora explains.
The power is the power to control anyone by force of will  a power that witches are forbidden to use.
Marnie realizes.
Her principal and Dr Grogg are upon her the key to the box containing the Gift.
Also  Splendora is revealed to be Marnie s grandmother Aggie.
Agatha is her middle name.
She hates the Splendora part.
She eventually dropped it.
Marnie returns.
She creates the Halloweentown giant pumpkin  telling her.
She does.
She d need it.
Surprisingly  stated  is Marnie s.
This is given   even King Arthur said.
When Splendora tells Marnie.
The whole royalty thing was harder than it looked.
Chancellor Goodwin steals the Gift.
Order to use it to take.
Knowing  the Sinister Sisters transform Dylan.
Only a Cromwell can use the Gift.
He will stay that way forever.
The Sinisters and the Dominion do nt turn him back.
Halloween passes.
They agree to return him.
Marnie controls Halloweentown.
She is really fooling them  and turns.
It seems that she has agreed to aid them.
Her brother is released.
Together Marnie  Dylan and Gwen destroy the Gift from Aneesa  Marnie s genie friend.
The Dominion  having been discovered  revealed to be an undercover detective of the Halloweentown Anti-Dominion League.
They are  attempt an escape  but are betrayed and apprehended.
The malevolent Sinister Sisters lose their powers.
Marnie learns.
Ethan willingly gave his powers up.
Marnie and Ethan begin a new relationship and leave.
The movie ends.
When Dylan discovers that Marnie did nt destroy the Gift  but instead left it in a book.
The Gift belongs  the only person Marnie trusts with its power.
Spells cast.
Saving the power only  he puts the book back  showing a glowing  red S at the end of the film.
<EOS>
Pilot David Randall is paid to fly top-secret photographs.
Hendron   confirms their worst fears -- Bronson has discovered a star named Bellus.
It s.
Hendron warns the delegates.
The end is little more than eight months away.
He pleads to transport a lucky few to Zyra  a planet in orbit around Bellus  in the faint hope.
Will pass very close.
It can sustain life and save the human race.
However  other  equally-distinguished scientists scoff.
He is not believed.
Hendron receives help from wealthy humanitarian friends.
Who arrange a lease to construct a spaceship.
To finance the construction  Hendron s group is forced to turn.
Stanton demands the right to select the passengers.
Hendron insists.
He is not qualified to make those choices and that all his money can buy is a single seat.
Joyce becomes attracted and prods her father into finding reasons to keep him around  much to the annoyance of her boyfriend  medical doctor Tony Drake.
The ship s construction is a race.
Groups also begin building ships.
Former skeptics admit.
Hendron is right.
Governments prepare.
Martial law is declared.
Residents are moved to inland cities.
Zyra first makes a close approach  its gravitational attraction causing massive earthquakes  volcanic eruptions  and tidal waves.
Wreak havoc.
Several people are killed  including Dr Bronson.
Drake and Randall travel by helicopter to provide assistance to survivors.
Drake has to resist a strong temptation to strand him.
When Randall alights to rescue a little boy.
The ship is loaded with food  medicine  microfiche copies of books  equipment  and animals.
Finally  most are selected by lottery.
Hendron reserves seats.
Hendron arranges to go.
When a young man turns because his girl was not selected.
Randall refuses his seat and only pretends to participate  believing.
He has no useful skills.
Drake fabricates a heart condition for Fry  making a backup pilot necessary.
Randall is the obvious choice.
The cynical Stanton becomes increasingly anxious.
Knowing human nature  he fears.
What the desperate lottery losers might do.
He has stockpiled weapons.
Stanton s suspicions prove to be.
His much-abused assistant  Ferris  tries to get himself included at gunpoint  only to be shot dead by Stanton.
The selected passengers and animals are quietly moved to the launch pad to protect them from any more violence.
Many of the lottery losers riot  taking up Stanton s weapons to try to force their way aboard.
Hendron stays behind  forcibly keeping the crippled Stanton and his wheelchair from boarding.
Order to lighten the spaceship.
He rationalizes.
The new world is.
Stanton stands up and starts walking in a futile attempt to board the ship.
It takes off.
The ship s television monitor shows Earth s collision with Bellus.
The fuel runs out.
They approach Zyra.
Randall has to make an unpowered rough landing.
The passengers disembark and find the planet to be habitable.
David Randall and Joyce Hendron walk hand-in-hand to explore their new home.
<EOS>
-LCB- -LCB- Anchors -RCB- -RCB- The film begins.
His two friends Pete and Toby dress.
Pete has a side bet.
Ray will not be able to go.
Then go.
Work they chat.
Leaving the film they complain.
That someone should write a letter.
Toby declares some.
He has many great ideas and reads.
The others promptly mock.
He does write the letter and complains about remakes  Jude Law  Han shot first  and mentions more Firefly and/or Serenity as a positive suggestion.
He tears the completed letter and leaves it on the table.
To avoid the queue Ray goes.
A girl called.
Cassie catches his attention.
She talks about time travel.
He assumes.
She must be a prank setup.
She explains.
She is a time traveler whose time machine has been built  and that her job is to find and repair time leaks and stop editors.
Ray tells his friends.
They think he s making up.
Pete goes out.
Finds the bar  including his own bloody corpse.
He runs.
He has returned.
When he leaves the room again.
He wonders.
This is the time leak Cassie has mentioned.
The others then follow him and retrace his steps  in precise detail.
They end up going back.
The bar seems normal.
They notice their past selves.
Ray realizes.
Cassie is still where he met her previously and goes to talk.
Cassie does nt believe him and leaves   her hair and clothes having changed.
To immediately return.
She explains.
Six months has passed even though only seconds passed for Ray.
They go talk  Cassie instructs Ray to simply hide out and wait the half hour.
They catch up.
Their past selves went.
They wait.
The three once again need to go to the toilet.
They use the women s toilets to avoid bumping.
They leave but arrive.
Pete tries to go back  but appears again almost immediately  haggard and with a full grown beard.
Warning them not to go in.
He explains.
He s been frequently using both toilets and randomly jumping time periods.
They go.
Is a crumble.
Pete insists  so they scrounge around  finding a knife  a corkscrew and an ancient package of crisps with an expiration date of May.
What they need is weapons and food.
The outside world is a bleak ruin  also coated  indicating.
They are.
Ray wants to go out to explore.
Toby wants to stay.
They ve built till rescue comes.
They can get back.
Pete discovers a partially decaying mural.
Seeking a piece to turn the knife into a spear.
They are now  implying that they become famous.
It was impossible to deduce what for.
Startled  they speculate.
It could be the sound.
It turns out to be just a homeless person walking.
Who gets his head bitten off.
They wait.
Pete hints.
Sometimes other creatures enter the toilet.
They hear a noise and hide.
They see their past selves trace Pete s steps trying to travel.
They hide.
They then run out into the garden to find the place full of people dressed just like them.
It turns out to be an imagineer fan theme night.
They find the same mural as before  this time  and observe  they speculate.
They becoming famous has something to do.
What could have been written.
A second time traveler named Millie shows up and helps send them back to their own time.
They end up back early  so they decide to sit at a nearby table eavesdropping on their earlier selves  buy some pints and wait it out.
They go back to their original seats to read the note on the back of the letter.
Will make them famous.
Ray goes outside to pee.
Cassie appears again.
Ray thanks Cassie and Millie and the people.
Cassie does nt know any Millie and realizes.
She must be an editor sent to kill them.
Cassie attempts to go back and fix the problem.
Her time machine has been taken offline  so she returns  finding Millie there.
Pete fights to destroy the note.
They are stopped.
Millie makes Toby an offer  die and live on or live a long life anonymously but Toby defies her.
Millie sets off a blast killing everyone.
Ray makes one last move to reach.
He does nt reach it but instead spills a pint.
Destroys the note  breaking causality.
Time rewinds and things seem to have gone back to normal  however they keep their memories of the time travel events.
The three friends walk home and wonder.
The adventure is really over.
Cassie then appears.
She reveals.
They have only fourteen hours to save the Earth.
They have to go to a parallel universe.
Ray convinces them to jump.
Ray and Pete come out  only to realize they have a second duplicate Pete.
They leave.
Ray and the two Petes hear a shout get back freak.
Toby runs.
Pete has the last words saying  This is all getting a little bit too complicated.
<EOS>
Gomez s brother  Pancho  is staying.
Gomez goes.
Gomez is jealous.
Who once courted Morticia.
Halloween is nigh.
Pancho tells the legend.
Who distributes gifts and carves pumpkins.
A gang have bugged the Addamses  home and plan to take advantage of Gomez s absence to steal the family fortune.
The lead crook Bones Lafferty sends an associate named Mikey to investigate.
Wednesday is home.
Where she studies the piccolo.
Pugsley is home medical school.
Where he is training to be a witch doctor.
Mikey panics and flees.
The crooks have a fake Gomez and Morticia.
To help  along with two strong-arm goons  Hercules and Atlas.
Gomez returns home.
Trimming. 
Lafferty poses.
Quincy Addams to get in.
He has his men tie up Gomez and Morticia.
His doubles take their places  confusing Pancho.
Who is still.
Lurch scares off the thugs and terrifies the assistant crook.
Fester  trying to be nice  puts Lafferty.
Lafferty tries to escape on Kitty Kat s tail.
Lafferty and his gang surrender.
When the police arrive.
The Addams Family are then free to celebrate Halloween happily.
<EOS>
The film depicts the plight.
Whose boss introduces.
<EOS>
The film is a romance.
Who is the object.
She has many adventures and mishaps  including overcoming her father s disapproval  before finally finding her soulmate.
<EOS>
Chased  the mysterious Julian makes its way through the streets of the metropolis  frantically looking for the Italian Embassy.
<EOS>
His reclusive widow  the Queen  arrives to spend the night at the castle of Krantz.
Stanislas  a young anarchist poet  enters her room  wounded  he looks exactly.
Who seeks to assassinate her.
The Queen shelters him.
She sees him  calling him Azrael.
An ambiguous love develops  uniting them in a bid to outwit the machinations of the court politicians  represented by the Comte de Foehn  the chief of police  and edith de Berg  the Queen s companion.
The Queen and Stanislas have to play their parts.
Order to remain true.
The world will never understand.
<EOS>
A dysfunctional and sometimes violent romance played by Carole Bouquet and Angela Molina.
The two actresses each appear unpredictably  and differ not only physically  but temperamentally as well.
Most is a flashback  told by Mathieu  the framing  non-flashback story elements appear only at the start and end of the film.
The movie opens.
He s trying to distance himself.
He finds.
Mathieu s train is ready to depart.
A bruised and bandaged Conchita is pursuing him.
He pours a bucket of water over her head.
He believes.
This deters her.
She sneaks aboard.
Mathieu s fellow compartment passengers witness his rude act.
These include a mother and her young daughter  a judge  and a psychologist.
Who is coincidentally a friend.
Who coincidentally is a dwarf.
They inquire.
He then explains the history with Conchita.
The story is set.
Conchita   vows to remain a virgin.
Who claims to be 18 but looks older.
She tantalizes Mathieu but never allows him to satisfy his sexual desire.
She goes to bed with him wearing  making it impossible to have sexual intercourse.
What appear to be a pair.
Conchita s antics cause the couple to break up and reunite repeatedly  each time frustrating and confusing Mathieu.
Eventually  Mathieu finds Conchita dancing nude.
He becomes enraged.
Later  however  he forgives her and buys her a house.
Soon after moving into the house  Conchita refuses to let Mathieu in at the gate.
Tells him that she hates him  and that kissing and touching him make her sick.
Then  to prove her independence  appears to have sex.
Conchita attempts to reconcile with Mathieu  insisting.
The sex was fake and that her lover is.
However   Mathieu beats her  causing her bandaged and bruised state seen earlier in the film.
Conchita reappears.
As the fellow train passengers seem satisfied.
However  the couple apparently reconciles yet again.
When the train reaches its destination.
They walk arm in arm  enjoying the streets of Madrid.
Loudspeakers announce.
A strange alliance intends to sow chaos and confusion in society through terrorist attacks.
The announcement adds.
Several right-wing groups plan to counterattack.
They pass a seamstress.
The couple continues their walk.
They begin arguing just  apparently claiming their lives.
<EOS>
The movie opens as an orphan.
Maniac can run extremely fast.
Hector Street divides Two Mills  blacks on East End  whites on West End.
The racial tensions are very strong.
Maniac is confused  to him  the people are simply people - heterogeneous  but with much in common  such as both kindness and cruelty.
Jeffrey s parents were killed.
After his father told him that he would show him his infamous stopball.
A couple tells Jeffery to come with them.
Maniac taught himself to fly and learns.
To run.
Jeffrey arrives in Two Mills and quickly befriends people on both sides of the unofficial segregation line.
Are an African-American family with a girl his age named Amanda Beale.
Whom he lives.
He also meets James Down  and agility.
A football player impressed  dexterity.
Later  the racial intolerance prompts Jeffrey to realize.
He encounters.
The Beale family is different than he is.
He flees the town and hides in the buffalo enclosure of the local zoo.
The buffaloes  a mother and a calf  accept Jeffrey of their own.
One day  he starts to live  creating a nearly utopian life of interdependence and mutual learning.
Jeffrey learns.
Grayson  a groundskeeper  was once a Minor League baseball player  forced to retire after a spectacular failure that came in the wake of a sequence of victories.
Grayson   learns to read  a skill.
He had neglected.
Grayson dies in his sleep.
Jeffrey  heartbroken  flees.
There waits to die.
He is prevented.
Whom he bribes.
John appears.
They are eating.
John is a tall bully.
Who was humiliated by Jeffrey  who was the only kid who could hit John s fastballs.
John forgives Jeffrey and takes him home.
Jeffrey sees gluttony  squalor  racial prejudice  and sloth.
Result. 
Where he might.
He sees Mars Bar again.
Who also runs early.
The two run next in silence  acknowledging one another through looks but not words.
The movie closes.
A group is a daughter of Maniac Magee.
They have a son named Maniac Jr.
And that Amanda married Magee.
The final scene shows older Magee throwing the ball.
And he swings the ball.
<EOS>
The film opens in the hospital with an undisclosed ailment.
He happens upon an enigmatic woman  Beatrice.
Who drives around.
He arrives to discover.
His landlord  played  is evicting him.
Later   he encounters many downtown New York characters  Arto Lindsay and his band DNA to David McDermott to graffiti artists Lee Quinones and Fab Five Freddy.
Trying to sell his art work.
Jean eventually does manage to sell some to a rich middle-aged woman.
Who is interested.
She pays.
He wanders the streets  looking for Beatrice.
The film progresses.
He catches performances.
Finally he happens.
Who turns when he kisses her.
She gives him a stack of cash.
<EOS>
Donald Brocklebank is a man.
His wife  Nancy  is terminally ill and requires constant care.
Does his schizophrenic son James.
James s condition begins to worsen  believing.
When Donald leaves the two.
He is able to look.
He neglects taking his prescribed medicine and locks the nurse out  leaving his mother with nothing to do but weep.
James  believing  force feeds his mother large quantities  nearly killing her.
More medicine will make you better faster.
Eventually  police make their way  relieving Nancy of her son s care.
She has an emergency operation.
Seems to cure her.
James then goes on to begin hallucinating.
Nancy recovers.
James stabs his own mother to death  before stabbing and wounding his father.
Donald passionately supports his son  provoking hostility from the rest of the family.
James believes.
He has seen his mother and rushes over to hug her.
She then stabs her son several times.
Everyone else sees James taking the knife he killed his mother.
The film ends.
He stabs one  and is taken away.
<EOS>
A deranged genetic scientist abducts college students.
He uses in crossbreeding plants with humans.
The failed experimental mutants are then given.
Who exploits them.
However  the mutants and the circus freaks will not be denied justice.
<EOS>
Ghulami has music and lyrics respectively.
The film focuses.
A rebellion started under Ranjit Singh Choudhary  against the Thakur landlords.
And it was based.
Ghulami was the maiden venture.
P.
Dutta.
It s a thought-provoking movie  baring the bitter truth to the heartless Indian caste system as well as poverty.
The poor peasant takes birth  his land and belongings are always under the threat of confiscation due to non-payment of the loan and worstly the honour of the ladies of his family is under constant threat from the lusty landlords  still enjoying the undesirable benefits of the feudalistic landownership system continuing for centuries in the rural India.
Had been taken.
August 1947  our country got.
Independence are still accurst to bear the brunt of the slavery of the mighty.
Ghulami was the maiden directorial venture.
P.
Dutta.
Whose story was written.
P.
Dutta.
He has presented the story.
Who unfortunately finds himself.
The daughter  though  possesses.
A different nature and outlook and she is a close friend.
The police  as usual  is sold in the hands of the landlord.
Join hands and his arrogant and lustful sons to oppress and humiliate the already victimized by misusing the power of the uniform.
A like-minded ex-serviceman join hands.
A lower-caste kind-hearted Hawaldar also comes after losing his son in an confrontation with the upper caste and rich mighties.
Who do nt allow the lower caste grooms to ride a horse.
The main protagonist has to become a bandit to save the land and the honour of the hundreds of peasants  leaving his pregnant wife behind.
The husband is a senior police officer.
Who also becomes his enemy after knowing about his friendship with his wife.
The violence-ridden climax underscores this harsh reality  the cruel and unjust system does nt.
That the rebels die.
The complete background and the milieu is highly realistic and impressive - the sand dunes  the Hawelis  the village lanes  the tattered houses and even the Police Chowki.
The narrative is.
The milieu nowhere the movie renders an air.
Almost everything looked real.
The narrative is spellbinding.
Right  the movie is able to keep the viewer tied to his seat with his eyes glued to the screen.
The screenplay swiftly moves to scene and J.
P.
Dutta has demonstrated his better sense.
The love-angles are touching.
Titillating. 
The music Pyarelal the meaningful songs having been penned by Gulzar.
The best one is definitely Jeehaal-e-Muskin Mukon Ba-Ranjish Bahaal-e-Hijra Bechaara Dil Hai.
Mere Pee Ko Pawan is an underrated excellent song.
The third one is Pee Le Pee Le.
Is also good to listen and better to watch.
The impressive  meaningful and touching dialogues are another highlight.
The production value is quite high.
The cinematographer has marvelled.
J.
P.
Dutta possess the knack to extract the best.
All the main characters - Dharmendra  Mithun Chakraborty  Nasiruddin Shah  Kulbhushan Kharbanda etc.
Have delivered their best.
Leading ladies - Smita Patil  Reena Roy and Anita Raj also have done pretty well in this male-dominated movies.
Supporting caste has also done justice.
All look flesh and blood.
Ghulami is an outstanding movie.
Was a box-office hit also.
To understand the caste-ridden class-conflicts and related dynamics  this movie can be used just like a textbook.
<EOS>
George  recently released  is given a cushy job as the driver for a high-class prostitute named Simone by his former boss  Denny Mortwell.
They form a friendship.
George and Simone find out more.
Central is Mortwell s wish for George to find out as much.
He can seen with Mortwell on one occasion.
George then helps Simone.
This leads.
<EOS>
The story begins three days.
A farmer  Jack Taggart  Sr.
Is putting up fence posts.
Is repairing their car.
Billy Taggart sets up scarecrows.
One begins to move on its own.
Billy runs to get his brother.
The scarecrow comes on him.
Jack Sr.
And Jack Jr chase.
The scarecrow sprouts its wings and disappears.
A high school basketball team  their coaches and cheerleaders become stranded.
They decide to drive back on the remaining tires.
One of the girls  Minxie  has a mysterious dream about Billy Taggart and Darry Jenner.
Who are silently and frantically trying to warn her  tossing a shuriken.
It hits the tire  deflating it.
The teens are rushed back.
The Creeper returns  taking the driver.
The remaining coach asks the teens  She flew away.
What they saw.
The coach prepares to look around.
Everyone begins losing their control.
The Creeper grabs him and flies off with the coach.
Meanwhile  Jack and his son weld a home-made harpoon-gun and make harpoons to shoot with it  they re heading out to avenge Billy.
The teens on the bus are toyed with by the Creeper  it picks out the kids.
It wants to eat  making them increasingly paranoid.
Minxie falls unconscious  having another dream.
Where Darry s spirit tells her everything.
Waking up  she tells them.
What she learned  forcing them to try radioing.
The Taggerts had answered them  telling them.
He s.
The teens celebrate the good news.
The Creeper attacks one  trying to pull his head through the roof.
Luckily  another teen uses a javelin to impale the creature  this forces it to tear the javelin out along with the left side of its head.
Wounded  the Creeper flies up  only to crash back down into the bus  jamming.
The doors shut.
Its wing crashes  grabbing one of the teens and eating his head.
Decapitating himself  the Creeper regrow his head and takes off.
One  now overwhelmed with fear  decides to toss everyone.
The Creeper picked off the bus.
However  EVERYONE gets off the bus  deciding to look.
The Creeper was waiting  he takes out two teens.
They scatter.
The Taggerts find Minxie   they have her lead them back.
Who tells them.
Bucky returns to find two others  hiding there  they keep their distance.
The Creeper did nt pick.
The Creeper will show up to get him.
The Creeper tries pulling Bucky.
As they thought.
The Taggarts reach the bus and scare the Creeper.
Jack Sr.
Fires a harpoon made the Creeper left behind  during his abduction of Billy  at the beast  landing a direct hit in its left shoulder  he meant to hit the Creeper s heart.
However  the Creeper removes the harpoon and tosses back  nearly killing Jack Jr.
The Creeper makes another attack.
Harpoons it again  knocking it.
An enraged Creeper flies up once more  shredding his disguise off for better mobility.
The sheer force tears it through the roof of the bus.
The Taggerts abandon their vehicle  the Creeper leaves them alone  heading off to find the other teens.
As the rope causes it to overturn.
Three teens find an abandoned truck.
The teens take the truck  only to be chased.
However  the teen driving the truck cleverly steps  the creature flies through the window  causing the truck to overturn.
As the Creeper reaches the teen.
Izzy climbs out.
The other teen wakes up  finding his leg badly injured.
The truck explodes  waking up the Creeper.
Who has also survived.
It smells the fear  preparing to go after him  however  it finds.
It s missing both wings  along.
It leap frogs  pouncing on him.
Jack Sr.
The Creeper is about to eat the teen to replace his lost limbs.
Shoots the Creeper.
The Creeper is unable to defend itself.
Stabs it.
The Creeper apparently succumbs  with its face wings closing over its entire face.
Minxie explains  its time ran out.
The Creeper did nt die.
The Creeper is.
A skeptical Jack Sr.
Stabs the Creeper once more and   believes.
Minxie is wrong  Looks dead.
Jack Sr.
Has stitched together the damaged corpse and presents it as a roadside tourist attraction.
People come to pay $ 5 and see the legendary Bat Out of Hell  paying $ 10 for a picture  crows are still attracted to the monster.
The harpoon gun  always loaded and ready  is aimed at the creature s chest.
Jack Sr.
Now very much older  appears to be waiting  the first day of spring and the day the Creeper will awaken.
Will happen.
<EOS>
Investigated family resemblances  facial recognition and the purpose  going back to five hundred million years ago.
It also speculated and showed surgeons in Kentucky preparing for the world s first facial transplant.
Looked they carry about sex  politics  glamour and power.
It told the story of the face as icon  from Egyptian mummies to Hollywood stars.
Studied  looking.
Whether human physical attractiveness is a matter.
Are shared worldwide.
Fertility and ugliness suggests poor health.
Big eyes  smooth skin and symmetrical features are valued  and can lead.
Looked.
The face communicates  focusing on expressions.
<EOS>
The film begins.
An autobiographical look on MTV and as the star of a series of 90s comedies.
Shore s film career leads a starring role in a vehicle on the Fox network.
Which he plays the slacker son.
The pilot turns out to be a commercial and critical failure.
Shore becomes a pariah virtually overnight.
It will tarnish their own careers.
Shore is ultimately reduced.
Who will no longer see him.
One night  Shore is visited.
Who encourages Shore to fake his own death.
Shore decides to go through.
Initially works.
Word breaks.
Shore  eager  begins appearing in public wearing a disguise  he is quickly outed  arrested  and sent to prison.
Shore is attacked by one of his former fans  Bucky from Kentucky  a redneck.
Whose world view was shattered when he learned that Shore had willingly put his own fans.
Shore survives the attack.
Causes him to realize that even though he was no longer as famous as he once was  he still had fans who loved him.
Shore and Bucky have a.
Shore decides to start his career over.
Shore sets about making  he reserves the information.
Pauly Shore is Dead to chronicle his own rise and fall  using information he has gathered to blackmail various b-list celebrities into appearing in cameos.
He has.
<EOS>
Hero is given the Red Sword and accepted by Pride as a disciple after passing a test.
He discovers.
When he returns home.
His family had been murdered.
That night  Hero breaks up the foreigners  party and kills them.
He flees after bidding farewell to his love interest  Jade  and sails to America.
16 years later  Hero s childhood friend Sheng and Hero s son Sword arrive.
They meet Monk Lohan and hear news about Hero.
Lohan tells them.
They were the ship for America and their experiences as labourers in Steel Bull Canyon.
They travel later.
Sheng tells Sword.
He and Jade travelled 16 years ago in search of Hero  as well as their reunion and the subsequent marriage of Hero and Jade in America.
Sheng and Sword meet Hero s senior  Shadow.
Who tells them.
Sword and his twin sister were born.
Sword s sister was taken away shortly by a traitor named.
Bigot and no news have been heard since then.
Shadow also tells them.
Who told Hero that he was born.
Lastly  Shadow tells them with Invincible in Japan for the rightful possession of the martial arts manual China Secret.
Pride transferred all to Hero before his death.
The Boss  along with Sword  Shadow and the others  plan to liberate the labourers at Steel Bull Canyon.
They disguise themselves and infiltrate the canyon.
They catch the American supervisors and succeed in freeing the Chinese labourers there.
Lohan is killed.
Sword is threatened by Bigot.
When he confronted Bigot.
The long-lost Hero appears and joins in the battle  defeating the villains eventually.
However  his daughter s whereabouts are still unknown.
Sword is happy to see his father after hearing the various stories about his father.
However  Hero maintains a cold attitude and constantly keeps a distance away from him.
Hero persistently believes.
He would lose his loved ones and spend the rest in solitude.
Just then  Invincible arrives to finish the duel with Pride.
Invincible turns.
Pride had died.
Hero and Invincible have a spectacular duel.
Sword and Sheng prepare to leave America.
The film ends.
Hero observes them.
<EOS>
The film involves the unexpected romance.
Develops Aretha Gupta who falls for an African-American Republican Kyle Franklin in the month leading up to the 2008 U.
S.
Presidential Election.
<EOS>
One morning   a young woman named Emu OHara witnesses the murder.
Painting the landscape.
She notices.
While the assassin stands emotionless  his eyes begin to shed tears.
The assassin introduces himself to Emu.
Days later   the Hakushin Society led by Shido Shimazaki make their appearance at the local police precinct  announcing a war between his clan and the Sons of the Dragons - a Chinese Triad.
Ordered the assassination in San Francisco.
Interpol detective Netah explains.
The Sons are descendants of 108 Buddhist monks who rebelled against the Manchu reign in China centuries ago  and that they have their bringer of death known in the underworld as the Freeman.
Shimazaki then tells everyone.
Emu is the Freeman s next target  as she was the only witness.
The assassin s code is.
A person who is given Freeman s name becomes his next kill.
However   Shimazaki and his bodyguards are ambushed by a masked Freeman and his assistant Koh.
After their meeting is adjourned.
Freeman successfully kills Shimazaki before running off.
He passes by Emu.
Who recognizes his eyes.
Emu utters Yo s name.
Freeman and Koh flee the scene.
Who is assigned to protect her.
Later that night  Emu is interrogated over Freeman s identity.
She is shortly released and escorted back to her mansion.
He discovers.
Netah scouts the mansion s perimeters.
He encounters Ryuji Hanada and wife Kimie Hanada.
Who are out to claim the Freeman s head and take.
Emu discovers and begins to accept her fate.
Yo is.
Yo  however  decides not to kill her.
Instead  makes love.
Minutes later  Hanada s men enter the mansion  prompting Yo to immediately kill them.
Ryuji confronts him.
Koh throws a knife and a gun towards Yo.
Ryuji fires his machine pistol out of control  severely wounding Emu.
Yo can not bring himself to kill Emu  instead  he has Koh drive them to the nearest hospital.
En route  Yo tells Emu his last name being Hinomura.
To find him.
It is later on revealed.
Ryuji survived the gunfight.
Emu escapes police security at the hospital and flies to Japan to reunite with Yo.
Yo tells Emu before becoming the Freeman.
He was a renowned pottery artist.
Who had an exhibition.
Someone was murdered by two unknown assailants.
He realized.
The murder victim placed a roll inside one of his vases several seconds prior to his death.
Yo developed the photos  revealing the torture and execution of a man wearing dragon tattoos similar to.
What he would eventually wear.
He was drugged and abducted by the Sons of the Dragons.
Who implanted subliminal messages using acupuncture techniques.
He began to shed tears  hence his name Crying Freeman.
Where he killed Mafia boss Antonio Rossi.
Yo is notified.
Ryuji and his men have attacked a soya factory.
Yo and Koh travel to Shimazaki s funeral outside Tokyo to kill Ryuji and wipe out the Shimazaki clan.
Kimie reveals to Netah.
Having sex.
The Shimazakis were set up to be assassinated so they could take over the clan.
Disguised  Yo and Koh begin their killing spree on the Yakuza clan.
Koh tells Yo to make an escape route.
He deals personally by dropping an explosive in his pants.
Koh attempts to kill him  only to be gunned down.
Yo makes his escape.
The explosive destroys him and the house.
A dying Koh tells Yo.
He was ordered to kill him for treason.
A vengeful Kimie shoots Koh.
Yo returns.
Where he prepares the area to self-destruct and arms himself.
Yo kills the henchmen and defeats Netah and Kimie - the latter by stabbing her near the heart.
Yo then gives them an alibi.
He killed Shimazaki and that he and Emu committed suicide.
Yo pulls the knife  increasing her blood loss.
When Kimie refuses to accept the alibi.
Kimie then accepts the alibi and has her wound mended.
Netah prepares to shoot them  only to be killed by Kimie.
Yo and Emu leave the premises.
Yo and Emu are last seen riding a speedboat.
<EOS>
Six months mysteriously disappears.
Travelling to the island of El Hierro  Maria is finally overcoming the pain of her loss.
However  a phone call notifying her forces her to go back to the island.
Her return marks the beginning of a nightmarish journey.
Where she learns that some mysteries should never be revealed.
New Image Gallery  Hierro.
<EOS>
Micky tries to take back his girlfriend Mary.
Who had been taken by the brothers Venin.
Micky meets Leon  a neurotic dreamer.
Who is considered an idiot.
Uncertain  Leon follows him everywhere and eventually falls in love with Mary.
This strange love triangle leads.
<EOS>
Clark and Ellen Griswold are driving their Wagon Queen Family Truckster to visit their son Rusty and his family.
Who are spending their vacation.
Clark and Ellen make a detour.
Clark begins seeing a brunette beauty and is instantly attracted.
Clark and Ellen finally get into their room the Napoleon suite.
Turns out to be very small.
The adjacent rooms are also close enough to hear every move.
Goes on.
Clark s genitals accidentally become visible.
Ellen talks through the web cam.
Clark and Ellen decide to spend the night having a fancy dinner but are told.
It is booked.
The two try to order room service.
Clark later fries an egg.
They notice.
They are being charged.
They are most likely charged.
Clark and Ellen leave the hotel to visit Rusty and his family.
Once there  Clark spots the brunette hot girl.
He saw.
He also sees a towel shaped  like the one.
The receptionist was trying to sell.
<EOS>
The plot   is really quite simple but made out to be complicated.
There is one.
Sort themselves out as the movie draws.
Neha  her half-witted brother and their cousin Mickey live with their grandmother  Nagma in a mansion in Lahore.
Zarro  yet another grandchild based  arrives for a holiday to celebrate Basant and promptly becomes the target of Mickey s ardent love and Sardar Omer Daraz Khan s lecherous yearnings  simultaneously.
Meanwhile Lachhi is a village girl.
Jogi is enamored.
Yawar comes to stay.
Who is a gardener.
He fall.
You have to watch the three-hour movie.
You wish to find out who ends up  and more importantly  how  and whether the villainous Sardar gets away with his villainy.
The film required an extremely strong script.
Hardly a plot to boast.
Order to win the audience s interest.
Instead  is the senseless banter and ridiculous dialogues.
What is amazing.
Most indulge in for the better part of the movie.
Void  they fail to amuse.
The only witty dialogue is  I m homeopathic   I wo nt be harmful either.
Comes to mind.
When a gay offers himself.
You know.
I am.
The one or two quick repartees.
Her allies are trying to rescue her  are the rare moments.
When one is exposed.
<EOS>
The Difficult Mission deals with a controversial community issue of pesticides and carcinogens.
Are a major cause.
The story was extracted.
The court dealt on crops and on the people.
Also  the film suggests other issues  such as the power of business elite and politicians to manipulate lives of innocent citizens by illegal trade  murder  and control.
The events begin.
When Hind  a young woman  goes back home attack her in an attempt to rape.
Then Sami tries to save her.
That lead to mistakenly kill.
Sami is jailed.
He was accused.
Those events branch out to expose mafia toxic drug trades.
Sami meets Shawqi and forges a friendship.
Is carried.
Embedded  Shawqi and Sami are mistakenly involved  with one of the biggest business men in the country  in a case of illegal importers of fertilizers and toxins in the agriculture field.
Sami refuses to agree and so he decides to use the help of the carcinogenic researcher.
Dr Nesma is the carcinogenic researcher   therefore she is suspended  therefore  she decides to raise this controversial issue to higher authorities.
Who refuses to sign an agreement that illegally imports toxic chemicals.
<EOS>
Little Cabbage is sold to work for the physician Yeung.
Yeung is open.
Is usually considered taboo at that time.
He invents a type to help people avoid contracting sexually transmitted diseases  but his idea was not accepted.
He was scorned.
The lecherous Lau Hoi-sing  son  has an adulterous affair with Yeung s wife.
They are discovered.
Yeung s wife forces Little Cabbage to marry Gok Siu-dai to cover up the secret.
However  Lau has been eyeing Little Cabbage.
He rapes her  but is discovered.
Yeung s wife is afraid  so she instigates Lau to murder Gok and frame Yeung and Little Cabbage for the deed.
The pair are put and subjected to tortures to force them to confess to the crime.
<EOS>
The film begins.
The police interrupt the wedding.
When corporate assistant officer Wada  who is the wedding reception s master  is arrested on charges of bribery in a kickback scheme.
The reporters comment.
This incident is similar.
That earlier case was hushed up  by jumping off the corporate office building  creating a dead end in the investigation.
Any could be implicated.
One is the difficulty combating corporate corruption  due to a corporate culture.
Which lower level people feel obligated literally to die rather than allow their superiors  activities to be discovered.
The police question Wada and accountant Miura about bribery of government officials by the Unexploited Land Development Corporation.
Miura commits suicide by running in front of a truck.
Nishi stops Wada.
When Wada attempts to take his own life.
Nishi convinces Wada he had been willing to make.
His superiors are unworthy.
Forward  Nishi uses Wada to further his plans for revenge.
Nishi then focuses his efforts  setting him up so.
Iwabuchi and Moriyama believe him to be a thief.
Which Furuya jumped.
He is actually an illegitimate son  determined to avenge his father s death.
Nishi s interrogation and intimidation  though  robs him of his sanity.
Soon  Moriyama is able to deduce.
Someone connected is orchestrating all of these events.
He investigates  discovers the truth and reveals to Iwabuchi the true identity.
Iwabuchi s son overhears Moriyama s information.
Furious  he angrily tries to kill Nishi.
His sister was being used.
When he returns.
His shotgun blast misses.
Nishi runs.
Nishi is able to abduct Moriyama and eventually force him.
Will finally fully expose the corruption.
It is presented.
Wada slipped away and brought back Yoshiko in the hopes.
The newlyweds will reconcile.
Nishi tells his wife.
He has grown to truly love her.
Yoshiko accepts the truth and reluctantly agrees to allow Nishi to complete his plans to expose him.
Iwabuchi is able to deduce.
Nishi calls to be held the next day and prepares to retrieve the final evidence.
His daughter has seen Nishi and knows where he is hiding.
Iwabuchi tells her.
Her brother has left.
He asks her to tell him Nishi s location so  saying.
He can stop her brother.
He will then confess his evil deeds and turn himself.
Yoshiko is taken and reveals to him Nishi s location.
She discovers.
When her brother returns home.
He had left to go duck hunting.
She then realizes the truth.
She tells her brother.
What has happened.
They rush.
However  they arrive too late.
They find only Nishi s best friend and accomplice.
Who informs them that Iwabuchi has already had both Nishi and Wada killed and disposed.
All three are devastated.
There is nothing further.
They know the truth.
They can do.
The film ends.
He then calls his superior  apologizing but informing them.
He has now handled the situation.
He then states his intention to retire.
Still safely hidden.
Iwabuchi confuses night for day and wishes his superior a good evening.
He apologizes and explains.
He had nt slept.
<EOS>
The film centers.
Who struggles to pay the bills.
His wife  Katie gets a recipe wrong and gives it to her husband to take to work for lunch  hoping.
It will help cut down.
The duck steals the applesauce and becomes irradiated.
Albert is testing.
Albert has thrown it away  and then wanders into a radiation lab.
Albert is ordered to get rid  so he figures.
He can give it  Jimmy who has been wanting a pet  only to discover it now lays golden eggs.
The duck  named Charlie  lays an egg.
When prompted.
The only ones are Albert  Katie  Jimmy and Albert s friend  Fred  but  they gain the attention of a suspicious neighbor  a government bureaucrat from the US Treasury Department named Mr Hooper.
Who know.
They sell the yolks.
Who starts spying.
Ultimately convinces his boss  Rutledge  to get the duck.
Worldwide phone calls spread the rumor and Rutledge gets a phone call to get that duck.
Albert is overcome and no longer cares for his son.
Saddens Jimmy.
The Treasury Department officials soon arrives.
Them to turn over the duck.
Jimmy  watching  climbs out the window with Charlie  and then rides off with a couple of teenage boys and their hot rod.
The government officials try to capture the duck to prevent it.
Jimmy is suspended on a ladder between two parking garages.
Albert attempts to convince his son to grab his hand.
The ladder falls.
Jimmy tells his dad to go away  believing.
He only wants to save Charlie.
He grows fearful and grabs his father s hand.
When the ladder begins to break.
They then leave the parking garage.
Albert is promptly arrested.
The film ends.
The judge breaks an egg and then Albert barks at the duck to prompt the laying of the egg.
Surprisingly turns out to be an ordinary egg yolk  as the effect had run out.
The judge dismisses the charges.
Albert tells the family  but at least they can keep the duck  now realizing.
The golden duck was nice while it lasted.
His family is more important.
The judge then advises Jimmy  One word  son.
Bury it  quick.
It ever lays another gold egg.
<EOS>
A sniper perched on a water tower opens fire on the crowded streets below  killing fifteen pedestrians.
Peter Nicholas  a Catholic NYPD detective  arrives and approaches the sniper.
Police officers surround the building.
The sniper  Harold Gorman  tells Nicholas.
God had told him to commit the murders.
A traumatized Nicholas is left to wonder.
Gorman could have aimed accurately with a mail order rifle.
Nicholas investigates a series.
Who claim that God told them to kill.
Nicholas finds.
The murderers have been influenced.
<EOS>
The rich Mrs Tuttle is upset.
Her daughter Barbara is engaged beneath their social stature  Norman Phiffier.
Phiffier  a dog walker  is as awkward socially.
He is physically.
Mrs Tuttle despises Phiffier.
She arranges.
Him to get a job.
She directs the store manager  Quimby  to assign Phiffier a series  hoping and quit  proving to her daughter.
He will become frustrated.
He is worthless.
Instead  he becomes more driven and determined.
He s a man.
Barbara has been keeping her millionaire status a secret from Phiffier  knowing.
He is a proud person who refuses to marry her until he can afford to buy her a home.
Phiffier breaks off the engagement and quits  returning as dog walker.
When her identity is revealed.
Phiffier does prove his worth to Mrs Tuttle.
She accepts him.
<EOS>
Young photographer Yaniv Schulman lives in New York City.
Abby Pierce  an eight-year-old child prodigy artist  sends him a painting of one of his published photographs.
They become Facebook friends.
Broadens. 
Who lives.
Willmore  Allison.
Catfish  a virtual romance.
Ariel and Henry film Nev as he begins a long-distance relationship with Megan  conducted over the Internet and phone calls.
They discuss meeting.
She sends him.
Nev discovers.
They are all taken by other people on YouTube.
He later finds evidence.
Megan and Abby have made other false claims.
Ariel urges his upset brother to continue the relationship.
The siblings and Henry eventually travel to make an impromptu appearance at the Pierces  house and confront Megan.
She takes a while to answer the door.
When they travel.
She appears very happy to see them.
She casually announces.
She will begin chemotherapy soon.
She drives them to see Abby.
Who says you re confusing me when Nev repeatedly asks her.
The next morning  Nev wakes up saying.
She was checking and that she would not be able to meet him.
A Facebook message confirms.
She is checking.
Later that day  Nev suggests.
They have a serious talk.
She breaks down  admitting.
She claims.
The pictures were from a friend of a friend.
Angela worries.
She betrayed her.
The pictures are from a completely unrelated woman from Washington.
Unable to stop lying  Angela claims.
Her real daughter Megan really is.
It turns out.
Megan has been estranged.
All.
Abby was supposed to have created.
Nev spends some time sitting.
They talk more.
She confesses.
All the various personae were fragments  usually enacting some fantasy of what her life would have been like if she had not made the choices she had.
Her husband Vince is.
Nev is a patron  commissioning all the artwork that she sent to him.
Vince has twin sons.
Sitting  Vince tells the story.
Gives the film its name.
He claims.
When live cod were shipped from North America  the fish s inactivity in their tanks resulted in mushy flesh in the Asian markets.
Eventually  the fishermen discovered.
Putting catfish kept them active.
Vince feels.
People are catfish  who keep other people active in life.
<EOS>
The film divorced woman.
Is. 
She was not lucky.
Anna works.
She offered only minor roles  in addition to the personal life.
She is lonely.
Lost cause.
She helps her best friend  who lives nearby.
Anna meets an interesting man.
There is love.
Anna offered a good role in the theater.
The heroine must choose.
<EOS>
A Central Intelligence Agency agent is sent to Moscow to keep Mikhail Gorbachev safe from an assassination plot  and teams up with a veteran KGB agent.
<EOS>
An outlaw masquerades.
Order to trick him.
He grows attached to the family.
All goes well.
The outlaws gang comes.
<EOS>
Newspaper reporter Pete works.
His charming way enables him to find homes for even the most troubled kids.
One afternoon  Mr and Mrs Godfrey  an American couple  come.
They saw Pete ran in his newspaper.
Bobby misbehaves.
He quickly produces a young blind opera wunderkind  Theresa.
When Pete discovers that Mr Godfrey plays.
Who sings her way.
Later that night  Pete dreams.
The fiance he left behind has visited.
Emmadel appears.
She scolds him.
They might have had.
Filled  Pete arranges to adopt both Bobby and his little sister Suzi and bring them to Boston.
Where he ll marry Emmadel.
American authorities inform him will be void.
He must marry.
Pete takes the children.
Pete discovers.
She bonds.
Emmadel is engaged.
The kids stay.
Pete tries everything to win Emmadel back.
She helps him secure a lease.
However   they discover.
When Pete and the children arrive.
Another couple also have a lease.
Emmadel s fiance Wilbur Stanley shows up to settle the matter.
Wilbur offers Pete a ride.
Pete talks him.
They agree.
Pete and the children settle.
Emmadel meets Wilbur s amiable elderly relatives.
Who present her.
Her parents embarrass her.
Emma discovers Pete s presence and visits the gatehouse to have it.
Pete pretends to be with Winnifred  Wilbur s fourth cousin twice-removed  and laughs.
She pulls Suzi s loose tooth.
When Emmadel pratfalls.
Pete reveals his plan.
He discovers  but feels too socially awkward to pursue him.
She s.
Pete teaches Winnifred to feel comfortable with herself.
Winnifred s newfound confidence bubbles over.
She and Emmadel erupt.
Winnifred concedes the fight.
Emmadel declares.
She s proud to be a fisherman s daughter.
The wedding day arrives.
News reporters line the outdoor chapel  proclaiming this the Cinderella story.
Pa Jones tells her.
He escorts Emma down the aisle.
Pete kidnapped the children and ran so they would nt be sent back.
Emmadel begins to have second thoughts.
Pete shows up.
Bobby and Suzi cling sobbing.
Wilbur offers to marry Emma and adopt the children.
Wilbur abandons his own wedding and forces a reluctant Emma and a protesting Pete to marry.
Pete  Emmadel  Bobby  Suzi  Ma and Pa Jones all ride off together.
<EOS>
Homi Mistry is an old Parsi widower.
Who is about to retire.
He lives.
Realizing  he decides to remarry.
He may need emotional support and someone to take care.
His friend Soli introduces him.
Who has one daughter and two sons.
Hell breaks loose are informed of the matrimony.
Forms the plot.
The two families learn to adjust.
<EOS>
Mu-hoon  a gangster  is the half brother of Ha-young  a successful photographer.
Eun-joo  the two run off.
When Mu-hoon is caught having an affair.
They are soon caught.
Eun-joo is given a scar as punishment  and sold into prostitution.
Mu-hoon escapes.
A year later  Mu-hoon finds a photograph.
He is eventually tracked down.
He is able to rescue her.
Threatened  Mu-hoon accepts a job to kill a man  only to discover.
His target is his best friend .
<EOS>
A well known actress was assassinated.
The simultaneously one escaped.
The police along asked the edge of the filament for located the assassin.
Quickly occurred evidently.
The action occurred.
The academy was sentimentally natural.
<EOS>
The Galactic Republic has suffered major setbacks.
The Clone Wars rage on.
Jedi Knights Anakin Skywalker and Obi-Wan Kenobi infiltrate the flagship to rescue the abducted Supreme Chancellor Palpatine.
However  they are confronted.
Who engages the Jedi.
Anakin fights and kills Dooku.
Dooku knocks Obi-Wan unconscious.
Who then flees.
Has split.
There  Anakin reunites.
Who reveals she is pregnant.
Anakin is happy.
He then begins to have disturbing premonitions.
Palpatine places Anakin as his representative.
Anakin is denied the rank and ordered to secretly monitor the Chancellor.
Frustrated  Anakin begins to lose faith in the Jedi and becomes more attached to Palpatine.
Who tells him that the dark side holds the power to prevent death.
Obi-Wan engages and kills Grievous.
Anakin reports his treachery.
When Palpatine reveals himself.
Windu subdues Palpatine by deflecting his opponent s Force Lightning back at him.
Anakin intervenes  allowing Palpatine to kill Windu.
Desperate to save Padme  Anakin becomes Palpatine s apprentice and is rechristened Darth Vader.
Palpatine executes Order 66   he sends Vader in with a legion of clone troopers to eradicate everyone in the Jedi Temple.
Involves the extermination across the galaxy.
Vader then travels to kill the Separatist leaders hiding there.
Palpatine addresses the Senate and reforms the Republic  declaring himself Emperor.
Obi-Wan and Jedi Master Yoda discover Anakin s treachery  and split up to confront Vader and Sidious.
Unable to convince Padme to the dark side  Obi-Wan stows away on her ship.
When she travels.
She tries to take him back.
When Padme discovers what Vader has done.
Vader accuses her and uses the Force to choke her into unconsciousness.
Vader and Obi-Wan engage  taking them across the entire volcano.
Eventually Obi-Wan severs Vader s legs and left arm.
Vader falls down.
Vader is immolated.
Taking his former apprentice s lightsaber  Obi-Wan goes to help Padme.
Meanwhile  Yoda confronts Palpatine  but is forced to retreat.
When their duel reaches a stalemate.
Padme dies after giving birth to twins Luke and Leia.
Meanwhile  Palpatine finds Vader barely alive and brings him back to Coruscant  rebuilding his apprentice s ruined body with cybernetic limbs and a respirator.
Tormented at his own hands  Vader screams  the last vestige of humanity now driven from him.
Vader begins supervising the construction at Palpatine s side.
A funeral is held  her body dressed to continue the illusion of pregnancy.
Knowing  Senator Bail Organa adopts Leia and takes her.
The twins must remain hidden.
Luke is to be taken.
Organa allows the droids C-3PO and R2-D2 to remain and has C-3PO s memory erased.
Yoda teaches.
To commune before going into exile on Dagobah.
Obi-Wan takes the infant Luke.
Where he intends to watch over him until the time is right to challenge the Empire.
<EOS>
Psychologist Saul Benjamin takes temporarily as a favor to a colleague friend  Otto Jaffe.
Who is infatuated.
Chloe Allen comes to see Dr Benjamin.
Her doctor dies.
Immediately he is smitten  too.
The doctor-patient relationship is violated toward Chloe and by his intense jealousy of anyone  including Ted Caruso  an arrogant Broadway actor.
Who comes.
Whom she has become involved.
The psychiatrist s wife also is carrying.
The ghost  the father of modern psychology  visits Dr Benjamin from time to time to dispense warnings and wisdom.
Benjamin s work begins to suffer.
He abandons patients  finding her tedious  and treats the dementia of another  Marvin Zuckerman.
A board calls in Dr Benjamin to consider revoking his license.
He admits his feelings to Chloe and concludes.
He prefers true love.
<EOS>
A disgraced doctor is sent.
Where he learns.
He flies back to cash in on the potion  soon finding success running a lavish slimming clinic.
However his former professional rivals now want a slice.
Who had been instrumental.
Does the real discoverer.
<EOS>
CIA agent Max Reed witnesses Dr Tetsu Segawa -- a researcher -- being murdered.
Dr Segawa had stolen an alien device known from Kronos.
College student Sean Barker   finds the Guyver s hiding spot.
Whose girlfriend s father was Dr Segawa.
The Guyver fuses with Sean and causes him to be covered in a suit of.
The president  Fulton Balcus  wants the Guyver back and sends.
His mutant henchmen  the Zoanoids  led  to steal it back.
<EOS>
Adam is a young Dubliner.
Who ingratiates himself after meeting Lucy at the restaurant where she waits tables and sings.
He becomes involved.
Wooing her.
Who spends most at the library  her oldest married sister.
Who s unhappy.
Who seeks Adam s advice.
Several scenes are repeated numerous times  each time seen.
<EOS>
A starship tries to find the evil Count Zarth Arn.
The ship is attacked.
Drives the crew mad.
They kill each other.
Meanwhile  outlaw smuggler Stella Star and her sidekick Akton run.
Akton and Stella escape.
They happen to find one from the opening scene starship with one survivor.
But they are shortly apprehended.
Who followed their hyperspace trail.
Tried  convicted and found guilty  they are sentenced to life in prison.
Stella manages to create a diversion and escape the prison colony.
She is then found and taken to an orbiting ship.
Where she is reunited.
They are contacted.
Who thanks them and are granted clemency if they help find the other three missing escape pods.
Of which contains the Emperor s son.
The Emperor is with the rogue Count Zarth Arn.
Who has a secret weapon.
The Emperor orders Stella and Akton to find the Count s secret weapon as well as rescue his son.
Who may still be alive.
Stella and Akton travel.
Stella is abducted by a tribe of Amazonian warriors.
Who shoot Elle  leaving him.
But robotic Elle does not die and makes his way  and takes her hostage to secure Stella s release.
She and Elle are chased  but are rescued by Akton and Thor.
Stella and Elle investigate the second escape pod crash site.
They find out Thor.
Is a spy.
Thor subdues Akton and traps Stella and Elle.
Where he knows they will freeze.
But Akton revives and kills Thor.
But the sun has already set.
The surface is frozen solid.
Elle keeps Stella alive.
The next morning Akton is able to go outside and bring Elle and frozen Stella back.
Where she is successfully thawed out.
Where the third escape pod landed they find.
Stella and Akton are attacked.
Who hack Elle.
She escapes and flees.
Where she is meets a man wearing a golden mask who shoots the tribesmen.
He is revealed to be the sole survivor.
Akton arrives having fought his way and starts a lightsaber duel with Simon  unaware of his identity.
Simon proves his relation.
Arriving  Stella  Akton and Simon are caught by the Count s soldiers.
The Count reveals his plan to use them to bring the Emperor to the planet.
The count will then have his weapon self-destruct  destroying the planet.
He escapes to conquer the Emperor s homeworld.
The Count departs  leaving to keep the group there.
Akton engages the two  but is mortally wounded.
The Emperor arrives but is aware.
The whole planet is mined.
He uses a device to block the bomb timers to give Stella and Simon a chance to make it back to their ship before the planet detonates.
Standing  Stella watches a huge space battle between the Emperor and the Count s massive space station.
As the Count attacks the Emperor s homeworld.
The count s attack is a failure  though.
The Emperor s soldiers storm the Count s space station  but are overwhelmed and killed.
The Emperor decides.
No options left.
The only way to stop the Count is to collide one into the Count s  destroying them both.
Stella and Elle volunteer to steer an abandoned space city and destroy it.
Stella and Elle manage to escape  finally winning the war.
As it crashes and destroys the Count s space station.
Stella and Elle are picked up the Emperor s son Simon.
Who is overjoyed that Stella survived once again.
They agree to get married and begin a new era for the galaxy.
<EOS>
Chairman s daughter Kang Ae-ri was kidnapped by two men.
Who worked she falls in love with Jae-gu who one of kindappers.
<EOS>
SpongeBob receives a new Mermaid Man and Barnacle Boy Paddle Ball Set and decides to take the Dirty Bubble Challenge of hitting the ball 29998559671349 times in a row.
He is totally consumed and forgets Gary for ten days.
Gary feels neglected and runs away.
SpongeBob snaps out and can not find Gary.
When Patrick arrives.
SpongeBob finds a note saying.
Gary has left.
Meanwhile  Gary has wandered.
He gets scared.
Who seem tough  but were only trying to be friendly.
A kind old lady discovers Gary and mistakes him of her own pets  Miss Tuftsy.
Gary is showered.
SpongeBob goes  depressed that Gary has not shown up.
Mr Krabs says  Any problem.
You have can be solved.
But SpongeBob misinterprets him.
He takes the day off to look.
He puts up posters and signs everywhere.
Gary   has been fed a lot and needs to go to the bathroom.
The old lady puts out fresh sheets.
Were flyers given by Patrick  who was helping SpongeBob in his attempts to get Gary to return to him.
Gary realizes.
SpongeBob truly loves him and wants him back.
He tries to leave.
He ends up going to the closet  filled with empty snail shells.
Gary finds -- she is possibly trying to fatten him up and then eat him.
When the old lady tries to feed him again.
The old lady most likely has sinister motives.
He makes his escape.
The old lady chases him out.
Gary quickly finds the snail.
He saw before  which the old lady now mistakes  and takes home instead.
Elsewhere  SpongeBob gives up  and is trying to forget about him by taking a walk.
His memories keep coming to mind and upsetting him.
He s constantly reminded.
The streets are filled.
SpongeBob then hears a meow.
He thinks  but then he turns around to find.
He is imagining Gary s there.
Gary is actually.
He is overjoyed to see his beloved pet again.
SpongeBob then decides to take Gary home  thinking.
He is probably very hungry.
But Gary   moans.
Who has been a bit overfed.
<EOS>
A seemingly innocent woman becomes involved.
Maya is a young Asian woman.
Who arrives one day.
Dressed and speaking in broken English  she asks Mamasan   for a job.
Who runs the parlor.
Mamasan immediately puts the attractive Maya.
Maya soon becomes one.
Obviously new.
Maya also gets to know Harry  a freelance writer and would-be poet.
Who has yet to lose his virginity.
Maya and the painfully shy Harry find themselves developing a very non-businesslike infatuation.
He stops in.
Maya must come with the secret.
She confronts her growing love.
Brought her in the first place.
<EOS>
Karchy Jonas is a 17-year-old high-school student trying to find his way.
He meets radio personality Billy Magic.
Who takes him.
However  authorities are for accepting payola from record companies to give their songs air time.
It is a semi-autobiographical tale.
<EOS>
Abner Meecham  an aging Tennessee farmer discarded by his lawyer son  flees the old folks home and catches a ride back to his country farm to live out his days in peace.
He discovers.
His son has leased the farm.
Abner moves and declares.
One to suffer fools or go down easy.
He will not leave until the farm is returned.
But Lonzo Choat  the new tenant  has no intention to move out or give.
Abner catches Lonzo beating his daughter.
She was caught returning.
Abner scares Lonzo off.
The next day Abner has Lonzo picked up.
Lonzo s wife Ludie is upset.
She has to pay.
Lonzo is visibly upset.
When the Choats come back.
Murders Abner s dog Nipper and hangs him.
Abner disappears.
The Choats suspect.
He has finally given up.
Instead  he returns  and sets him on the front porch and tells it to stand guard.
Abner and Lonzo get.
Which Lonzo threatens to burn the shack down.
The argument culminates.
Lonzo easily disarms Abner.
The police are summoned the next day.
Abner is forced to move out.
Who believes he has lost his mind.
Abner admits defeat and says.
He ll move out.
Instead he tells his neighbor.
Lonzo has threatened to kill him.
Abner  haunted then sets the shack ablaze  but stumbles.
Trying to exit.
He is rescued.
He is by his side.
When Abner awakes.
He accepts  but insists.
He will move.
He will plant corn as his son suggested.
Abner visits his house one more time  the house has been vacated by the Choats.
<EOS>
The gang has a taxi  consisting with no engine  pushed by a horse.
They must rely to tow them to the top of the hill.
When the owner takes his horse back.
They can coast down.
Little Farina borrows the car.
It runs out  causing mayhem everywhere it goes.
<EOS>
Elliot  an ex-employee wants revenge and befriends the boss Brad s son Dylan giving him an MP3 file containing a computer virus.
This virus creates havoc.
The virus is eventually traced and is terminated by another equally powerful virus created by Brad and Dylan with a Game Boy Color.
<EOS>
The story is set.
Lord Waeng mentions.
The railway has been newly opened  placing the time frame of the story sometime in the.
Siang is a young Muay Thai warrior and rocketry expert.
Who steals back water buffalo taken by unscrupulous cattle raiders.
He is searching with a tattoo.
Who killed his parents.
A local nobleman  Lord Waeng  wants to create a market  so he hires a hulking convict  The Thief  to kill all the cattle traders and round up all the water buffalo for slaughter  depriving farmers of the draft animals.
They need to cultivate rice.
Lord Waeng s men are eventually pitted.
The tattoo gets Siang s attention.
Siang briefly confronts Sing but is repelled.
The Thief is attempting to steal Sing s cattle herd.
Lord Waeng consults the Black Wizard   to find a way to defeat Sing.
Who was once cursed.
The Black Wizard says.
The only way to reverse his spells is to use the menstrual blood - the Black Wizard s daughter  ESao.
<EOS>
The film begins.
The performance goes awry.
When soloist Aubrey  stressed  gets sick on stage.
Four months later  a new student named.
Beca starts her studies.
Attending the activities fair  Beca meets Aubrey and Chloe.
Who are desperate to recruit new members.
Beca declines their offer to join  saying.
She ca nt sing.
She then gets an internship.
A month later  Beca s professor father visits her.
Finding out she had nt been attending classes.
He makes a deal.
He ll let her move to pursue her dream of producing music if she joins a club and proves that she tries to get involved in it.
Later  Beca heads to herself.
A naked Chloe corners her and begs her to audition.
Beca does so.
She and eight other girls   are inducted into The Bellas.
Meanwhile  Jesse wins a spot.
Aubrey s controlling nature gets on the nerves of the other girls.
She is constantly critical and insistently has them use the same set list.
The Bellas have been using.
This clashes greatly.
Meanwhile  Beca hangs out  despite Aubrey s warning to the group not to get involved with Treble Makers.
Beca plays several.
He compliments her.
He then tries to get Beca to watch the ending.
Beca tells him she does not like movies because they bore her and she never gets.
The Bellas attend the regional a capella competition.
The group stops for gas.
Where Fat Amy is hit by the Treble Makers in their own bus.
They continue but run out of gas.
The other girls clean her up.
Fat Amy forgot to actually put any.
They re then forced to call the Treble Makers to drive them.
The group manages to place second at the regional a capella competition.
Beca notices.
Bored the audience is  so she provides impromptu back-up  mash-up vocals.
The Bellas come.
Aubrey was not.
Though the audience was pleased.
Beca quits the group.
The Bellas make it.
The other group was disqualified because their lead singer was discovered to be.
They get together.
This time  Beca is not included.
Beca begins working as a DJ at the university radio station  playing her music on the overnight shift  and also steadily distancing herself from Jesse.
She finds a copy and watches it.
She realizes.
Much she needs the Bellas.
Her father convinces her to rejoin the Bellas.
Who she finds falling apart.
The now complete again Bellas have a heart-to-heart  and decide to kick things up a notch.
The Bellas sing Do nt You  the theme from The Breakfast Club.
A piece arranged  including.
The Bellas end up winning the competition and Beca and Jesse reunite.
The next school year  Beca remains.
They audition new members.
<EOS>
The Kate Logan Affair is.
Who find themselves caught up.
<EOS>
-LCB- -LCB- advert -RCB- -RCB- Zach Conroy.
Celeste Mercier are the hottest pair.
Celeste is decommissioned.
Zach has to quickly find another partner meet.
Glides Alejandra Alex Delgado  a beautiful  tough-talking hockey player with fierce moves and a fearless skating style.
Zach is willing to give her a chance.
His coach  Bryan  would train with Mischa Pressell  a man-eating newbie partner.
Neither he nor her prospective partners think too highly.
He quits.
After a fight almost erupts.
This leaves Zach.
He talks.
She puts Zach and Alex.
The hardest trick is keeping them focused on practice and not on each other as they bicker and struggle with a growing attraction between them both on and off the ice.
Jackie knows  and sees the chemistry.
They are fire and ice.
She also knows.
If they can get it together  they ll set the skating world.
However an accident occurs.
Zach feels.
He will hurt Alex than one.
They come.
They might just have a shot.
The only way is by putting aside their feelings and pulling out a secret weapon  the deadly Pamchenko twist used by their coach s parents.
Zach and Alex can win.
She feels hurt and leaves.
When Alex sees a photo.
They get back together right in time for their performance.
Right  Zach tells Alex.
They are about to get their performance.
He loves her.
The two give a flawless performance and Zach and Alex kiss.
<EOS>
Georgina is a 22-year-old Londoner.
Who has considerable musical talent  is well educated  and has an engaging if shameless manner.
She believes herself to be plain  dresses haphazardly  and is incredibly naive on the subjects of love and flirtation  she has never had a boyfriend.
She has an inventive imagination and loves children.
Her parents are the live-in employees.
Leamington is 49 and has a loveless  childless marriage.
He has watched.
Georgy grew up  and has treated her as if he were her second father.
However  it is apparent.
Georgy has become a young woman.
Leamington s feelings have become more than fatherly.
James offers Georgy a legal contract  proposing to supply her for her becoming his mistress.
He also promises to provide.
Georgy sidesteps his proposal  Leamington s business-like language and manner leave her cold.
Georgy s flatmate is her so-called best friend  the beautiful Meredith.
Who works  but is otherwise a shallow woman who lives for her own hedonistic pleasures.
She treats the meekly compliant Georgy.
They get married.
When Meredith discovers that she is pregnant.
She did not bother to tell him she had had two abortions.
Jos moves in.
He becomes disillusioned and begins to find himself attracted to Georgy.
Jos and Georgy begin a secret affair.
Jos admits.
Meredith gives birth.
Whom they name Sara.
She announces.
She has no interest  and is tired of Jos.
She plans to put the child up her husband.
Georgy and Jos set up home  caring for the baby and living as a married couple.
It soon becomes clear.
Georgy cares more than having an adult relationship with Jos  though he had already confessed to being pleased he had a daughter  believing boys need more from their fathers.
The relationship ends.
When Jos realises he is and has tired of a father s responsibilities.
Social Services wish to remove baby Sara.
That Georgy is the sole caregiver.
Leamington s wife has died.
Leamington   now finds himself free to express his love and proposes marriage.
Who was unable to express his true feelings while his wife lived.
Georgy accepts.
This will allow her to keep Sara.
The two marry.
Exultant  joyful singing proclaims  better try to tell yourself  now you ve got a future planned  at least he s a millionaire  you re rich  Georgy Girl.
All is well now  who needs a perfect lover when you re a mother.
You ve got your way.
They leave the wedding.
Georgy does not look or pay attention to her new husband  focusing only on Sara.
<EOS>
The film is about three bachelors Aarav  Nikhil and Rajveer.
Who along sign a contract which has two clauses.
The first clause says.
All have to purchase certain number of Reliance shares.
The second rule explains.
All the shares will go.
Slowly and steadily people start to break away.
Only Nikhil  Rajveer and Aarav remain single.
Nikhil is and wants to settle down with her.
The other two have no such plans.
They find the proceedings interesting.
Suddenly all the plans to remain bachelor.
The end vanishes.
The two start trying real hard to win Sneha s heart.
Meanwhile one gives him Rs 5 crore to keep but Rajveer being smart enough invests the money in the stock market  only to find.
The company he invested in has crashed.
A powerful business magnate is.
Rajveer plans to convince Aarav to get married and can pay his due.
That he could get all the Reliance shares.
All his plans failed.
When Aarav manages to listen.
Now  everything is  right from Nikhil s dream wedding to Rajveer s life.
<EOS>
It s the maiden voyage.
Specializes. 
The cruise starts  and sailed along the American east coast  stopping in Key West  Florida and then Nassau  Bahamas.
Five hundred families attended the cruise.
Rosie and Kelli s family  along with several other families on the cruise are interviewed  including former Hawaiian NFL star Esera Tuaolo along with his partner and their children.
Comedian Judy Gold also makes appearances.
The cruise members are met.
When the ship stops.
Interviews show that there were many locals who did nt have a problem and did not agree with the action of the protesters.
The trip continued as normal to the end.
<EOS>
The film begins as an old man  thinking back.
Then we see him  being promoted from Major to Minister for Law in his home state of Lu.
He is confronted after saving a.
Who was due to be buried alive.
There is a lot  ending with Confucius being rejected and becoming a wandering scholar.
He is invited back as an old man.
We see him finally preparing the Spring and Autumn Annals  expecting.
This book will determine his future influence.
<EOS>
A small film crew consisting visits the old and abandoned mansion of the famous artist Ichiro Mamiya.
Who left several precious frescos.
The team wants to restore and publish the paintings and film a documentary.
Several poltergeist activities occur.
Asuka becomes possessed.
The team discovers the burial.
Who fell.
Mamiya  s ghost haunts the mansion  killing any trespassers.
Only Kazuo  Akiko and Emi survive.
So giving her peace.
<EOS>
An evil genius named.
Dr Hu creates a robotic version.
The extremely rare compound  once unearthed  will be sold and used to give.
Said country nuclear domination.
The Doctor  along known only by the alias Madame Piranha  watch.
Mechani-Kong enters an ice cave and begins to dig.
However   the unbelievable radiation produced destroys its systems and shuts it down.
The robot digs.
Meanwhile  a submarine is damaged and forced to weigh anchor off the coast of Mondo Island  an island.
Where   the real King Kong resides.
The sub s Commander Carl Nelson.
It so happens.
Has spent many years studying the legend and is all to pleased to venture ashore to explore  along with Lt.
Commander Jiro Nomura and Lt.
Susan Watson.
Once  the crew see an old man atop a hill shouting at them to leave the area.
It is taboo to enter the territory.
Nelson and Nomura go to confront the old man  leaving Susan alone.
However  no sooner have the men.
Left then a gigantic theropod dinosaur emerges and makes to attack Susan.
Suddenly   a roar is heard.
A few seconds later  King Kong himself emerges  bellowing and beating his chest.
Seeing Susan  he realizes and places her.
She is.
Then  Kong attacks Gorosaurus.
He has.
Unfortunately  the bipedal predator possesses a powerful.
Floors Kong several times and prevents him.
Nelson and Nomura return and   escape in their hovercraft.
The two titans duke it out.
Kong finally defeats Gorosaurus by breaking its jaw.
He follows the hovercraft to see a Giant Sea Snake heading for them.
Kong dives and grabs the snake  buying time for the crew to return safely to the sub.
The giant ape then defeats the huge serpent and swims over.
He begins to shake it and bang  hoping.
Susan will appear again.
Knowing she is.
What Kong wants  Susan volunteers to exit the sub to try to calm him down.
She succeeds.
She returns to the sub.
The crew leaves.
Once  the submarine crew relates their amazing discoveries on Mondo Island to the United Nations.
They also state.
The sub will be returning to study Kong and the other kaiju on the island.
However  they are unaware.
Madame Piranha is.
She sneaks.
It ends.
She relates the details  and she and.
Who begin to hatch a plan.
A few days later  Dr Hu arrives.
A fleet fly out and attract Kong s attention.
They drop gas bombs.
The ether soon knocks him out cold.
The helicopters then lower large shackles down.
A ground crew secures them.
Suddenly  the old man erupts at the now secured ape.
The evil scientist shoots him three times and leaves him.
He attempts to get answers.
The four helicopters lift King Kong and lower him into the cargo hold of their huge ship.
He departs.
They then head back.
The United Nations sub returns and the trio of Commander Nelson  Lt Commander Nomura  and Lt Watson venture onto the island.
They discover evidence  and are unable to locate Kong.
However  is the old man bleeding.
What they do find.
He tells Carl.
The islander lays dying.
Who can understand the language.
An oriental skeleton  a devil  kidnapped Kong and took him away into the skies.
He then dies.
He has told Carl  Kong was kidnapped.
He needs to know.
Hu s Mechani-Kong was built using blueprints based on Nelson s own detailed diagrams of the real Kong.
The Doctor had stolen the drawings and used them to create a robot would secure the Element X.
He believed.
However  the robot had failed  and now.
Who planned to use the real Kong to do his bidding.
However   he needed to put the next part into action.
Order to do that.
He sends several to Mondo Island  claiming.
Who  posing  collect Carl  Jiro  and Susan.
Kong has swum ashore.
The trio are suspicious  but can do nothing.
They are flown off.
Meanwhile  Dr Hu decides to try another method.
His reason were not only for their familiarity with Kong  but for the ape s relationship with Susan Watson in particular.
Kong had been so infatuated by Watson.
He began to listen and do what she asked.
He is not willing to wait to arrive and puts an alternative idea to the test.
Dr Hu believed that he could use this connection to get Kong to extract the Element X.
Where the still unconscious King Kong lies.
His first sight is a flashing light.
When Kong awakens.
Soon places him.
The voice of Dr Hu commands Kong to enter the cave and dig out the Element X.
Kong complies and ventures and begins to dig.
However  the hypnotized Kong soon snaps out  and tears both the speaker and camera off of his ears.
He then turns around and attempts to return  but Hu orders the gate shut.
Kong is trapped.
Carl  Jiro  and Susan arrive and are greeted by Dr Hu.
He explains his plans and requests their assistance.
All three refuse  and are put.
A few minutes later  Carl is released and brought.
Who explains her view.
Dr Hu enters and promptly breaks up the meeting.
She attempts to buy Carl off.
He is once again summoned  this time.
Only a few minutes after Carl is returned.
He turns the prison cell s temperature down to zero.
Puts both Jiro and Susan.
Carl refuses to help.
As his friends slowly begin to freeze.
A while later  Dr Hu enters the cell and states.
Carl has been canceled.
He then shackles Jiro and attempts to press Susan s face against the ice-covered metal walls.
Fortunately  outside Kong has almost broken.
His banging begins to shake the entire lair.
Hu and his minions leave the cell.
Jiro and Susan quickly make their getaway.
Outside  Kong has crawled out and begins to flee.
The great ape then dives and quickly swims away.
Back inside  Jiro and Susan discover.
Carl is still alive.
The three are once again captured and loaded onboard Dr Hu s ship in pursuit of Kong.
The ship soon arrives.
Where King Kong has swum ashore.
Dr Hu plans to unleash his.
However  Madame Piranha is hesitant to be a party  and urges the doctor not to let the two kaiju fight in Tokyo.
Thousands would be killed.
Dr Hu ignores her sudden change  and prepares his robot for combat.
The submarine crew are chained in a cell  unable to help Kong.
Suddenly  Madame Piranha enters and frees them  begging them to do their best to save the lives by leading Kong.
Before his mechanical doppelganger can engage him.
The trio flee the ship and arrive safely.
Where the JSDF are preparing to fire.
Susan runs.
Carl warns the army not to attack.
Whom picks her up gently.
She calms him down and assures him.
He will not be attacked.
However  there is a loud crash.
Suddenly Mechani-Kong emerges.
Susan tries to warn Kong not to fight the machine.
It will most assuredly be a losing battle.
Kong  however  carefully places Watson  and then turns to fight his robotic clone.
However  Mechani-Kong has been outfitted.
The light  now attached to the top of the robot s head  begins to flash.
Kong stops dead and begins to slow down again.
Commander Nomura takes a shotgun and aims  eventually shooting and destroying the blinking light.
Kong once again snaps out and finally charges to meet his opponent.
The two seem evenly matched.
Dr Hu suddenly turns the tides and controls his robot to scoop up Susan.
The giant mecha then begins to ascend Tokyo Tower as his unwilling captive.
Kong follows  and begins to climb.
Madame Piranha pulls a gun on Dr Hu and threatens to shoot him.
However  he triggers the silent alarm.
He and his minions quickly overpower her  leaving her.
Back  the mouth of Mechani-Kong opens and the voice of Dr Hu emanates from a speaker within.
He warns Kong.
If he does not return  the robot will drop Susan.
Kong  however  continues to pursue his metal clone up the tower.
Soon enough  the robotic ape lets go  sending Susan falling towards the ground.
Kong catches her and sets her safely down  and then begins to climb after Mechani-Kong  finally able to fight it again.
Below  Jiro climbs up the tower and rescues Susan.
The tower begins to shake more and more.
The two monsters get higher and higher.
Susan slips and nearly falls  but is saved by both Jiro and a team of policemen.
Who bring them both safely.
Back  Madame Piranha decides to tip the balance in Kong s favor  and makes one last attempt to save the lives of the people of not only Japan  but of the world.
The wounded traitor rises and quickly rips the wires and control cables.
Dr Hu turns and shoots her twice.
She falls dead.
However  her actions  and her sacrifice  are not  for outside  Mechani-Kong begins to.
Now disabled  the mechanical ape falls and shatters upon impact with the ground.
Having won the battle  King Kong beats his chest.
The next day  Dr  Hu decides to beat a hasty retreat.
However   Carl Nelson  Jiro Nomura  and Susan Watson stand with King Kong.
Susan commands Kong to stop that ship.
Kong soon catches the ship and begins to destroy it in.
He pounds and begins to push it under.
Inside  Dr  Hu is crushed and is soon killed.
The ship finally floods and sinks.
King Kong beats his chest and bellows in victory.
He then turns and begins his long swim home.
<EOS>
Rudy Baylor is a graduate.
He has no high-paying employment lined up and is forced to apply for part-time positions.
Serving drinks.
Desperate  he reluctantly goes to an interview with J.
Lyman Bruiser Stone  a ruthless but successful personal injury lawyer.
Who makes him an associate.
To earn his fee  Rudy is turned.
Soon he meets Deck Shifflet  a less-than-ethical former insurance assessor turned paralegal.
Who has failed the bar exam six times.
Deck is resourceful.
Rudy manages to get just one case  concerning insurance bad faith.
It could be worth.
Appeals as he is about to declare himself bankrupt.
He rents an apartment.
Who could use some advice on what to do about greedy relatives.
When she dies.
Bruiser s offices are raided on suspicion of racketeering.
Not knowing what else to do  Rudy and Deck set up a two-man practice themselves  for help.
They file a bad faith suit  denied by their insurance carrier Great Benefit.
Whose 22-year-old son Donny Ray is dying.
Rudy passes the Tennessee bar exam but has never argued a case.
He finds himself up from a large firm  headed by Leo F.
Drummond  a showman attorney.
Who uses unscrupulous tactics to win his cases.
The original judge assigned the case  Harvey Hale  is set to dismiss it.
He sees it.
But a far more sympathetic judge  Tyrone Kipler  takes over.
When Hale suffers a fatal heart attack.
Kipler  a former civil rights attorney  immediately denies the insurance company s petition.
Rudy gets to know a young woman.
Preparing his case.
He met a battered wife whose husband  Cliff  has beaten her so savagely with a baseball bat that she must be hospitalized.
Rudy persuades Kelly   to file for divorce.
Whom he is attracted.
Going  Rudy and Kelly are confronted by Cliff.
Kelly insists.
Cliff is injured.
Rudy leave.
Rudy can hear Cliff being hit with his own baseball bat.
To protect Rudy  Kelly tells the police.
She killed her husband.
Rudy promises to defend Kelly.
The case goes.
The district attorney declines to prosecute  knowing.
Kelly would never be convicted.
Donny Ray dies  but not.
The case goes.
Where Drummond preys.
He gets Rudy s key witness Jackie Lemanczyk s vital testimony stricken  and attempts to discredit Donny Ray s mother.
The jury finds for the plaintiff with a monetary award far exceeding all expectations.
It is a great triumph.
At least until Keeley attempts to flee the country and Great Benefit declares itself bankrupt  thus allowing it to avoid paying punitive damages  as well as any future judgments in class-action lawsuits.
There is no payout.
Dot Black expresses satisfaction.
At least they put Great Benefit out and is now unable to hurt other families like hers.
Convinced his success will create unrealistic expectations  Rudy abandons his practice to instead teach law with a focus on ethical behavior instead.
He leaves town  wanting to retain a low profile and protect Kelly from any possible retribution by Cliff s vengeful relatives.
He leaves the legal profession.
<EOS>
Karthik is a brilliant student.
The school head master catches him.
The head master sends.
He goes back and knocks the door.
There is no response.
So he peeps and is shocked to find his mom with another guy of the village.
His mother opens the door and pleads him not to tell his father  But he does.
So his father commits suicide.
Karthik s mother continues her relationship.
Leads Karthik to kill his mother and the guy.
He is sent to juvenile home.
Where he grows up.
The jail warden gives him the address of his uncle and asks him to concentrate on his studies.
He goes and realises.
His uncle s wife is not interested.
So he leaves.
Takes a bus to start a new life.
The bus meets.
Fate would have it.
An accident and his co-passenger Saleem dies.
Karthik picks up his certificates and joins a medical college.
He develops friendship  named Ashok and also with his girlfriend Rupa.
Who are befriended.
Ashok allows Karthik to stay.
That Karthik need not have to shell out his hard-earned part time money.
One day the jail warden  recognizes him but Karthik having impersonated himself as Salim  discards him and picks up a quarrel with him.
When he was  as Karthik.
He is not Karthik.
This creates a dilemma.
One day  Ashok and Suresh plan to to go to a farm house.
Where Rupa denies to come.
Suresh suggests him to take some other girls instead  to have a ball there to the trip.
Rupa  suspects his fidelity.
She loves Ashok.
She came to know that he went to farm house with other girls.
He gets enraged.
When this is known.
Thinking  he slaps him and asks him to vacate his place.
Karthik has betrayed him.
Karthik  seeing no other way apologizes him and looks.
But Ashok doubts his identity  triggered at that time with that jail warden and decides to confirm of that.
He opens the briefcase.
He was.
He finds a photograph and realizes.
The father was different.
He confirms.
Karthik is not Saleem.
Suddenly Karthik enters the room and asks Ashok to give back the photo.
But Ashok refuses and removes the towel.
Karthik was wearing and confirms that he is not a Muslim as it was not Circumcisied.
Karthik gets angry and pushes Ashok.
Ultimately kills him.
He is shocked by this unexpected accident but later covers up the murder intelligently.
Now Karthik impersonates himself.
When a family friend plan to meet him.
If Ashok is still alive.
He is able to cover it up.
Suresh finds this out.
Karthik kills Suresh.
The next day the police comes and say.
They have found Suresh s corpse.
They interrogate everyone but could never find out the truth.
They presumed and conclude.
Ashok has killed Suresh and is absconding.
Karthik is innocent and a studious person.
Karthik continues to live after seeking permission from Saleem s dad and promises to take care of him.
<EOS>
A boy named.
Kirikou is born.
But he s not a normal boy.
He can speak and walk immediately.
He is also very determined.
His mother tells him.
An evil sorceress has dried up their spring and devoured all the males except for one.
Hence the tiny Kirikou decides to accompany the last warrior  his uncle  to visit the sorceress.
Kirikou tricks the sorceress and saves his uncle.
It was magic.
He saved the children.
Sped off  and saved them later again from the sorceress s tree  which closed it branches.
Next  he bursts the monster.
Who was drinking all the village s water.
He then travels to ask his wise old grandfather  and faces many obstacles in the process.
The grandfather finds.
Kirikou is always asking questions  which is a good thing.
The grandfather tells him  bad men put a poisoned thorn.
She is evil because she suffers.
Kirikou makes friends.
Who each  give hime presents  after he saves them from the skunk.
Kirikou manages to trick the sorceress and removes the thorn  he also manages to take the gold  and return it back.
The sorceress is cured.
She kisses.
Kirikou and he becomes an adult.
Love reigns.
No one believes.
When they arrive back.
The sorceress is cured  and only do they  when a possesion arrive.
It turns out Karaba  did not eat them  just turned them.
<EOS>
Joe Torre  manager of the New York Yankees  not only needs to concentrate on his team  his brother  facing the same condition.
Frank is.
Already took the life.
<EOS>
Widowed Govindi lives a poor lifestyle along with two sons  Gungaram and Jumna.
Ganga spends his days working as a servant in the home of the zamindar s obnoxious family.
Jumna  a promising student  focuses.
Gungaram is the opposite  but has a good heart and decides to use his earnings to ensure.
Jumna is studious.
His brother gets a decent education.
Their house is searched  evidence is found  she is arrested  the entire village bails her out.
Her employer  Hariram  accuses Govindi.
The shock kills her.
Ganga pledges himself to supporting his younger brother.
They grow to adulthood.
The adult Ganga is a spirited and hardworking fellow  unafraid to take on the zamindar.
When necessary.
His brother Jumna is more measured and cautious.
Ganga sends Jumna  and supports him with funds.
He earns driving an oxcart and making deliveries.
But things get complicated.
When Ganga saves a local girl  Dhanno.
The zamindar gets his revenge  landing him in prison.
Ganga learns and robs the zamindar in a rage.
His brother has become destitute  and attacks.
Soon Ganga finds himself an outlaw  and   he joins a gang of bandits camping out in the wilderness.
Jumna meets a fatherly police officer and becomes a police officer himself.
It is nt long.
Jumna s professional wanderings take him back  where he must square off against his outlaw brother.
<EOS>
The story is.
Sathya  is a notorious Underworld Don.
Who has conquered the Bangalore Mafia.
He comes.
Who is exploited.
Sathya rescues the damsel and the two fall in love.
Then follows an inevitable misunderstanding.
The story approaches its climax.
When the father becomes the target.
<EOS>
The film opens.
The explosion  I was an act by German agents.
Occurred. 
Barry Corvall  the son  has just gotten married.
He resigns to go undercover to expose an espionage ring planning to destroy American industrial capability.
When he discovers that his new wife is a possible enemy agent.
War breaks out.
Traveling  Corvall attempts to swipe a briefcase with documents in an attempt to prove.
The Nazis  have been infiltrating vital industrial centers.
He tries to foil the plans of the Nazi spy.
<EOS>
The film follows rookie detective Jo Dee Fostar  played  on his first case.
The case involves a serial killer  wanted.
He must enlist the help.
Order to find the killer.
However   his girlfriend  Jane Wine  is asked by her boss to take a large sum of money to the bank.
She leaves town with the money.
She decides to rest.
Hiding. 
Is later revealed to be a cemetery named Motel.
Jo must then enlist the help.
Balsam and Dr Pizza to not only find the murderer  but his missing girlfriend as well.
All takes the cast on many adventures at the Cemetery Motel.
Lily  Jane s sister  turns out to be Detective Balsam in a sleeveless pink dress complete with shaved armpits in a rubber female bodysuit.
<EOS>
Having just been discharged  Mak-dong is on the train home.
When he finds himself.
Mak-dong is entangled in a relationship.
Becomes his undoing.
Home  Ilsan  is not the same anymore.
The fields and rice paddies have gone  replaced.
The family has moved.
He has been away.
All have left home  struggling to make a living.
Mak-dong dreams.
When the whole family can live together again  operating a family business  living.
Mak-dong again sees Mi-ae  the owner  this time singing in a nightclub.
Looking in an alienated neighborhood of Seoul  Youngdeungpo.
She is the girlfriend.
Whom she finds Mak-dong a job.
Mak-dong gets his first ` break  and a chance to prove himself.
Working. 
Mak-dong is admitted as a fullfledged member of the gang  honoring BAE.
If he were his own elder broher.
Now a member  Mak-dong and Mi-ae find in each other a kindred spirit  the feeling between them not clearly defined  yet finding themselves drawn to each other through their common feeling of hopelessness.
Suddenly  one day BAE Tae-gon s own former gang boss KIM Yang-kil arrives to take for himself the little empire.
BAE Tae-gon has spent his life building.
The organization finds itself  so Mak-dong makes a final expression of his loyalty by getting rid of KIM.
BAE Tae-gon personally eliminates Mak-dong  being consistent.
Has got him so far.
Some time has past.
BAE Tae-gon and Mi-ae  having moved.
Typifies new middle class suburbs sprung up.
This encounter seems nothing out of the ordinary  giving a peaceful and yet meaningful ending  neither party being aware of.
Who each other is.
The history is represented merely.
Has just past.
<EOS>
Sonq Shiqiao  22  lives.
Shiqiao   can not exert herself physically  the medication causes memory lapses.
Who always dreamed.
She suffers that her father died of.
She takes also.
One day   she bumps into Gong Ning  a former high-school friend  and the two end up dating  despite the initial disapproval of her mother.
She always liked.
Gong Ning dropped out to spend more time with a rock band  also  his girlfriend  dancer Peng Wei  has dumped him because of his inability to focus his life.
He leads.
However   Gong Ning is the perfect partner.
<EOS>
The story takes place and revolves around a woman.
Who is saved by a heroic stranger.
Salomy Jane saves Jack Dart from being wrongly lynched for a crime.
He did nt commit.
<EOS>
Buster Keaton plays a delivery man.
Who falls with one of his customers.
Little does.
He know  though  that her twin lives right next door.
<EOS>
The film takes place.
The characters are unaware.
They must deal with anger  guilt  hatred  and love.
All set to the backdrop of today s global issues.
<EOS>
Father and Scout chronicles the tale.
Writer Spencer Paley agrees to go.
Their love is tested and ultimately endures.
The film explores the complex relationship.
<EOS>
It was supposed to be just a normal night.
This is a report.
Can happen.
Lt.
Mike Brosloe leads her.
<EOS>
Cyclone Tom Saunders  a free-spirited cowboy  is hired.
Which they suspect a pair.
He begins to suspect.
When Saunders discovers that the nesters are an old man and his pretty young daughter and could not be the rustlers.
Nate Lenox  a bullying ranch foreman  might have something to do.
<EOS>
Johnny Casar runs away  tired of being teased about being short and a poor athlete.
He gets a job.
A priest who runs the home  Father OHara  secretly keeps an eye.
A traveling roller-skating team takes an interest.
He shows some aptitude.
He clashes and falls for Mary Reeves  another top skater.
Johnny ends up featured against Miller  turns one-upping one another.
Where they take.
Johnny becomes every bit as arrogant and more.
His fame grows.
Life takes a bad turn.
When he is diagnosed.
A long period follows.
A wheelchair-bound Johnny tries to get his life back.
<EOS>
Based.
Larry Winters was sentenced in London in.
Silent Scream  directed and starring Iain Glen as Winters  is based on the life and writing of Winters.
A violent and drug addicted member died in 1977 of a drug overdose at the age of.
The film is composed into his younger life as a soldier in the parachute regiment and his childhood in Glasgow and Carbisdale.
The memories are triggered.
The viewer experiences his memories.
The film deals primarily.
His life   is captured in beautiful nostalgia.
Which he is encouraged.
His life is beset with problems.
The encouragement is clearly the cause of his dysfunction.
Together the two commit crimes  breaking and entering  shooting and fighting.
His older brother Don almost shoots Larry by accident while playing with a World War II rifle stolen previously by Don.
The childhood holidays are fundamental to the biography of Winters.
He describes the times as his most peaceful.
The adventures feature heavily in the film.
His life is captured with gritty realism.
Content  Winters soon becomes disenchanted with the army  takes part in a brutal beating of another soldier and goes AWOL.
The viewer witnesses his indecision to take the gun his older brother.
Gave him.
The gun.
Sent him.
His own internal battle is.
What drives the film.
It becomes clear.
He is gifted but unstable.
A writer gave the film its name.
His memories are frequent.
One stands out.
The two boys are being attacked.
Larry is cornered.
His brother Don steps in to save him and gives Larry a glass bottle to fight.
Larry smashes it.
This represents the beginning.
Later  the two boys break.
His brother Don finds a gun and some bullets.
They run off and hide.
Where they begin to play.
Don loads it and almost shoots Larry.
Years later   Larry has a home visit.
Meeting.
His mother is one of the most upsetting recurring themes of the film.
<EOS>
Is mythomania an evil trait  or a sickness.
She fears.
Reality is too much.
And Guillaume Depardieu   discovers her mythomania  but stays with her.
Who plays the role.
<EOS>
The opening titles announce.
It is set possibly.
The story concerns the 168-year-old Fu Manchu.
Who must duplicate the ingredients after the original is accidentally destroyed by one of Fu Manchu minions.
When the diamond The Star is stolen by a clockwork spider from a Soviet exhibition in Washington D.
C.
The F.
B.
I.
Sends a pair to seek the assistance of Scotland Yard as a card from Fu Manchu s organisation the Si-Fan has been left at the crime.
Sir Roger Avery feels.
This is a job.
Nayland-Smith correctly surmises.
Fu Manchu will steal the identical twin.
Nayland-Smith also predicts  then will kidnap Queen Mary to gain the jewel.
Fu will be thwarted.
He recruits a woman police constable to impersonate the Queen and fool Fu s gang.
<EOS>
Moe and Larry are.
Where Shemp is being treating.
Shemp says.
He is indeed cured  and insists.
She appears  much  poor Nora is a homely  toothless thing.
When Nora calls out.
Who seems to have won Shemp s heart.
It then becomes clear.
Shemp is far  and needs additional therapy.
The boys receive a visit.
Shemp is home.
The blind-as-a-bat doctor tries his best to cure Shemp  but runs.
When the stubborn stooge refuses to swallow a sleeping pill.
Later  Shemp hallucinates an extra set while enduring his piano lesson.
Shemp insists on seeing Nora  with hopes of finally getting married.
The Stooges become wedged in a phone booth with a stranger  leading to a fist and pie fight.
They find.
When the trio arrive.
She is waiting.
<EOS>
Sometime the main character  the sociopathic Temmink  beats a passerby to death and ends up in the so called Arena - a modern version of the ancient roman Colosseum.
Criminals with a violent past fight each other for life or death like Roman gladiators  albeit with their bare hands in a cagefight without rules.
He undergoes changes.
Temmink survives fight and thus prolongs his stay in the Arena.
He is capable of loving and makes friendship.
A discussion develops in the media and society in general about the ballot possibly being fixed and about the whole principle of convicted criminals fighting each other to death in front of a crowd.
<EOS>
Donald Duck is.
Humphrey is stuck.
When all the bears pick their visitor.
He makes an attempt to earn Donald s food by dancing to no avail.
He earns little.
Assorting his sandwiches  but goes unrewarded.
When it seems so.
Humphrey finally tries to steal some  mistakingly swallowing a hot pepper and cools down by drinking an entire waterfall.
Donald then leaves the park  so Humphrey follows Donald out onto the road  draws a tire mark on himself and makes.
Donald believe he ran him over.
Donald gives Humphrey his food  but soon realizes.
He was tricked.
Donald then calls.
They both fight.
They eventually drop everything  and are both put to rubbish work by the ranger.
The ranger makes an attempt to steal the ham  but gets caught out.
<EOS>
Frustrated  aspiring rapper Gandu steals money from his mother to finance a trip with his friend Ricksha.
The two go off  finding it increasingly difficult to separate reality from hallucination.
The film is shot mostly on the bleak existence of the protagonist.
The film shifts to the color mode showing.
The character is enjoying the colorful existence induced.
Gandu also ponders.
What we must do.
<EOS>
Go-nee has lost his entire savings  saved  at a gambling joint.
He discovers.
Go-nee drinks heavily  determined to throw away his life.
He was swindled.
To regain his money  Go-nee begins training to be the best slicker.
Go-nee becomes famous  wandering throughout the country with Pyeong.
Moreover  Madam Jung  begins to show interest.
Who has never gotten along.
<EOS>
Havoc is wrought by a troubled film production.
A film crew relocates  to finish shooting The Old Mill.
The leading man s penchant gets them banished from their New Hampshire location.
The film depends.
Its title suggests.
The town is reported to possess.
Unfortunately   it becomes apparent.
Only days begins.
The mill burned down decades ago.
Unfazed  the film s director  Walt Price  places his faith to alter the script  is White s apparently bottomless reserve of angst-fueled writer s block.
What he does nt count on.
The film s leading lady refuses to do her contracted nude scene.
She s paid an additional $.
A foreign cinematographer offends the locals.
Meanwhile  the leading man  Bob Barrenger  dallies.
Everything comes.
Barrenger and Carla are injured.
Meanwhile a powerful movie producer comes to help Price with the ensuing mess.
<EOS>
Upset  Froggy bemoans the fact.
He has almost never had a birthday party.
The gang decides to throw a surprise party.
To keep him  they pretend to kick him out of the clubhouse.
The gang has to throw him out.
Order to plan a surprise party.
<EOS>
Chinku is a young impish kid.
Who lives.
His life changes.
When he finds an enchanted talking book.
It transports him.
Chinku also makes a diabolic and dangerous enemy - Abu Hasan - the wicked and brutal leader.
Characters from the real world and the fantasy world of Alibaba cross over  leading to an explosion of fun  action of fantasy.
<EOS>
Karlin Pickett is a successful disc jockey working.
He gains a lot of fans and has no trouble with flirting with women.
Vivian Porter  his latest date  accidentally falls.
He moves to Los Angeles.
Where he starts to work.
There  he meets Jon Price  an aspiring disc jockey waiting.
Jon is.
Who is working.
Soon  Karlin shocks his colleagues and audience on air.
He befriends Jon and offers him a spot.
The ratings increase.
Harris is not fond.
Jon joins Karlin.
They come up to make people call and confess to big crimes to increase their ratings even more.
He feels.
When Jon finds out that Karlin is making his friends call the station.
He is betraying his audience.
They eventually makes.
Him promise to keep quiet.
Jon s new materialistic attitude irritates Sharon.
They become a very popular.
She immediately leaves him.
When she finds out that he is cheating on her.
Meanwhile  Jon finds out.
The murder Karlin s friend talked about was nt made up.
He immediately wants to confront the police.
Karlin threatens to tell.
He was an accomplice if he does.
Not much later  Karlin   poisons his next victim  Cynthia.
Who was actually the one who committed the murder that was described.
It turns out.
He made the calls.
Karlin frames him.
When Jon refuses to keep silent any longer.
Trying to serve justice  Jon decides to immediately visit Karlin s friend  only to find Karlin.
Karlin tries to poison him and   admits.
Jon starts to react.
He planned everything that has happened.
Not only does he admit.
He also reveals his plans.
However  it turns out.
Jon did nt drink the bourbon containing the cyanide  and faked his cringling to get him.
Jon reveales.
When Karlin tries to shoot him.
He put a microphone  and that all the listeners on the radio already heard his confession.
A gun fight follows.
Karlin is eventually shot and killed.
Jon resigns from the radio station and convinces Sharon to give him another chance.
<EOS>
The film tells the story of the poorest parts of Kenya  of being able to fly.
Who looks up.
<EOS>
Chong-kwai welcomes his friends Ted  May  Kofei and April from Hong Kong.
They see an accident and start telling ghost stories.
When they return.
Chong-kwai shows them a book titled The Ten Encounters.
Describes ten ways to see ghosts and spirits.
Chong-kwai had purchased the book.
Who offered him a discount  saying that karma had led him.
Chong-kwai discovers later.
He had been scammed.
They can begin the game  but must complete it.
Else they will be haunted forever.
The five of them start playing.
They start but only Kofei sees the ghost.
Chong-kwai s mother  a spiritualist  appears and warns them.
The next step involves them going to attract hungry ghosts.
All are able to see the spirits.
The frustrated May insists.
They continue the game even though they are already freaked out.
They go with a black cat.
Will supposedly break the charm and allow them to see the missing person.
However  Kofei had disappeared mysteriously.
The cat is found dead.
April tries rubbing dirt from a grave onto her eyes.
They fall out.
She sinks.
Chong-kwai s mother saves her  warning her.
She was very close.
Chong-kwai s mother tells them to leave Thailand immediately.
April stays behind.
She wants to find Kofei.
One night  April tries one and brushes her hair in front of a mirror at night.
Her fate is uncertain.
Meanwhile   Ted and May continue to experience weird encounters.
One rainy day  May finds an umbrella held.
She runs away.
Her umbrella suddenly opens.
She sees a basketball rolling back and forth.
She steps.
It turns.
Starts biting her ankle.
She screams.
Her fellow passengers tell her.
It is only a ball.
She sees the ball again.
She is back.
It starts to follow her.
She performs a peek-a-stoop and sees a boy.
She dashes and calls Ted to come.
She receives a call.
Waiting. 
Ted encounters many spirits to May s apartment.
He kicks the ball and is possessed by the ghost.
He jerks and twists his body and appears to be breakdancing.
A pair see Ted and think.
He is challenging them.
Ted starts to walk and stand on the ceiling.
The horrified dancers and observers flee.
Ted recovers and grabs a girl  telling her to follow him into May s apartment.
She is nowhere to be seen later.
They realize.
Her spirit disappears.
Ted peek-a-stoop to see her.
Back  Chong-kwai visits the bookstore to get answers from the man.
Who sold him the cursed book.
He sees.
The drawings have been replaced by images of himself and his friends.
His mother pulls him away.
He can find out anything.
Ted and May return to Thailand to complete the game  hoping.
The curse will be broken.
They perform the last step   to sleep.
Is. 
Dressed. 
Chong-kwai tells them.
They have a limited time and must go towards a light when they hear a bell ring.
Ted and May encounter several ghosts and find Kofei.
Who was.
April appears and helps them escape.
All three ask April.
She came.
She tells them.
What happened.
She thought  then shows them her wound  showing them.
Doing the hair brush.
Kofei was dead so she commits suicide.
She is now dead.
Kofei decides to stay in the Ghost world and tell Ted and May to escape.
Ted and May attempt to escape  apparently succeeding.
They find out.
That they have become spirits too.
Chong-kwai and his mother attempt to revive Ted and May but fail.
The sinister bookstore owner is seen selling another copy to an interested teenager.
The film ends.
<EOS>
The action starts with Colonel Dodge arriving on the first train and subsequently opening the new railroad line.
Links Dodge City.
A few years later  Dodge City has turned.
Knew no ethics.
It is Jeff Surrett and his gang.
Who kill  steal  cheat and  generally  control life without ever being brought to justice.
The other citizens  hands are tied.
Surrett has installed one as sheriff.
When it comes to arresting any.
Dodge s friend Wade Hatton  a lone cowboy  is now leading a trek of settlers from the East coast.
Who was instrumental.
Is his old companion Rusty.
Who is prepared to stay through thick and thin.
Are beautiful Abbie Irving and her irresponsible brother Lee.
Who  drunk  causes a stampede and is shot in.
Hatton is confronted.
When the group arrive.
Is dictating everyday life there.
Asked to be the new sheriff  Hatton politely declines  saying.
He is not cut out.
Hatton changes his mind.
When   Harry Cole is inadvertently killed by Surrett and his men.
The new sheriff and his deputy -- Rusty -- have a hard time not just fighting the criminals but also convincing all the farmers   Hatton has to protect him against the furious men outside  want to take the law into their own hands and lynch him right then and there.
Who have been wronged.
Mob rule is out.
When Yancey  one  is in jail.
Who  not caring to a fair trial.
Hatton succeeds in both overwhelming and catching the baddies and winning Abbie s heart.
Everything has been prepared.
Hatton is asked to clean up Virginia City  Nevada  another railroad town more dangerous.
Dodge City had ever been.
Understanding  a loving Abbie heartily suggests she and her new husband join the next wagon train together.
Much Wade is needed to settle the West.
<EOS>
New York newspaper reporter Wally Cook tries to pass off an ordinary.
Cook is demoted.
He begs his boss Oliver Stone.
Wally is sent to interview Hazel Flagg  a woman supposedly dying of radium poisoning.
Cook finally locates Hazel.
Who is crying because her doctor has told her that she is not dying.
Unaware  he invites her to New York as the guest of the Morning Star newspaper.
The newspaper uses her story to increase its circulation.
She receives a ticker tape parade and the key  and becomes an inspiration to many.
She and Wally fall in love.
City officials decide.
When it is finally discovered that Hazel is not really dying.
It would be better to avoid embarrassment.
Hazel and Wally get married and quietly set sail.
<EOS>
Ordinary humans led are being annihilated by the all-powerful evil king Bagulbol and his creatures of the dark.
To end their tribulation  mankind s leaders paid a mercenary to defend them.
That mercenary is Exodus.
Nearing their extinction  King Bantayan and the leaders dispatched Exodus on a quest to capture five elementals to aid them in the final battle against King Bagulbol.
Exodus was able to convince the last Earth  Wind  Fire  and Water elementals.
They became allies.
Exodus and his enchanted friends were victorious.
They conquered.
Humankind s greatest enemy and peace was again established.
<EOS>
Derwin and Derick are trench-coat wearing.
He and Derick form a plan to kill students and then commit suicide.
When Derwin is assaulted.
The pair buy two shotguns and several handguns.
The next day they open fire  killing several people  before going to the basement.
Where they simultaneously kill each other.
A police officer and the school principal enter the school to find a bomb.
It is implied.
When the cop attempts to defuse it.
The bomb explodes.
<EOS>
Patsy Newquist is a 27-year-old interior designer.
Who lives with street crime  noise  obscene phone calls  power blackouts and unsolved homicides.
She intervenes  but is surprised.
When she sees a defenseless man being attacked.
When the passive victim does nt even bother to thank her.
She ends up attracted  but finds.
He is emotionally vacant  barely able to feel pain or pleasure.
He permits muggers to beat him up and go away.
They get tired.
Patsy is accustomed into doing her bidding.
Alfred is different.
He is almost non-verbal  except to tell her.
When she brings him home to meet her parents and brother.
He does nt care.
He learns.
Patsy had another brother who was murdered.
Patsy s eccentric family is surprised.
When she announces their intention.
Dupas turns.
Determined to discover  Patsy coaxes Alfred.
Her new husband is the way he is.
He has nt seen them  but asks them to help at Patsy s request.
He was.
Alfred ultimately agrees to try to become Patsy s kind  the kind willing to fight back.
The instant kills Patsy  again.
Happens  a sniper s bullet.
A blood-splattered Alfred goes.
He descends.
A ranting  disturbed police detective  Lt.
Practice  drops by  almost unable to function due in the city.
Alfred goes.
He leaves.
He returns.
He does nt know how to load.
Patsy s father shows him how.
Then the two  along with Patsy s brother  take.
Turns shooting people down.
<EOS>
Madonna played the part.
Who lives.
Bruna meets Dashiell.
Bruna tells her lovers.
She does nt need them anymore.
They attack her sexually.
Later  Bruna is raped.
Bruna enlists her love slaves and Dashiell to abduct the rapist.
They dress up and lure him into a limo.
They lead him.
Where a Satanic sacrifice is performed.
Dashiell later wipes Raymond s blood.
<EOS>
Jules Daly travels with her niece Maddie and nephew Milo to a castle in Europe for Christmas.
Where she unwittingly falls.
<EOS>
The gang tries to clean off their clothes.
A miracle cleaning solution devised works beautifully  but with one major drawback  The stuff stinks to high heaven.
They do get used to the point of being oblivious to it.
The kids manage to empty out a bus trying to board it.
They walk to school and get thrown out.
Then  being free  the gang goes to see.
A movie called Do nt Open That Door.
The movie-house cashier notices their smell.
They head.
Then even the actors can not stand the smell and stop performing.
They finally get removed and remove their clothes behind a tree.
<EOS>
The film begins.
She is recently engaged and has been wanting to call him to tell him.
The wedding will be.
She invites him.
Jake  the son  is an English teacher and somewhat of a basketball coach at Coventry  a Manhattan private school.
He becomes involved the widow of a wealthy gentleman.
Who died suddenly.
Jake seeks treatment.
Who frequently surprises Jake.
<EOS>
Red is basically a crime thriller film.
It became more famous.
This Bollywood film has all of its songs.
A ` major hit  is the talented one ` Himesh Reshammiya.
Actually  Neil Oberoi  is a billionaire and is in need of a new heart.
He finds a donor.
Who has left.
They fall.
The death has left the police baffled.
They start to suspect Neil and Anaita s friend.
He then falls with her and does nt realize.
She is betraying him and that she killed her husband.
<EOS>
Captain Fairweather has deposit money.
Bloodgood s bank is shaky.
Bloodgood keeps the money.
His clerk  Badger  finds out.
Years later he blackmails his old boss.
<EOS>
A tabloid reporter uses a scheme to meet Sara Farley  a grocery-store heiress.
He s been writing unflattering things about.
He gets her to start talking and finds her down to earth.
Tierney assumes  so she announces.
He s going to write more lies.
The two are married.
He loses his job  is classic farce and the stakes escalate.
What follows.
<EOS>
Mickey  an orphan brought up  unexpectedly finds herself in a triangle through no fault of her own after being sent to New York City to live with her aunt.
<EOS>
The Stooges  working  are temporarily left in charge of a drugstore  assembling a door with disastrous results.
The Stooges mix a drink using all manner  and mixed with a rubber boot.
When a liquor salesman stops and asks for a drink.
The concoction reacts.
It is so strong.
It cuts.
But the man loves the libation.
He convinces the Stooges to pose and attend a party at his boss  house.
Where he can sign the Stooges.
One highlight is an Italian tenor singing Santa Lucia.
The Stooges express their displeasure off grapes down his throat to stop him  then a banana into his mouth at the final Santa Luciaaa.
Does the trick.
Angered  he exits in disgust  calling them pigs.
Moe tosses a pineapple at the exiting singer.
Hits him after making a physics-defying turn in.
The barrel of the lethal scotch is presented.
Referred by Moe as the Lowland Shim.
The Stooges  attempt to tap the barrel results.
Engulfs all the party guests.
<EOS>
A local sheriff is unjustly accused and forced to flee.
He gets rid one by one and tries to prove his innocence.
<EOS>
Casim Khan is a Glaswegian DJ.
His devout Muslim parents  Tariq and Sadia  have arranged to marry his first cousin  Jasmine.
Casim is more or less happy.
Casim then meets and falls.
Roisin books a short holiday break both on seeing an advert in a travel agent s shop window.
His family are planning.
Casim tells her about the arranged marriage.
They then have to decide.
Whether their love is strong enough to endure.
Casim s younger sister  Tahara  struggles to find herself between the bullying of some Scottish schoolmates and her Pakistani relatives.
Rukhsana  Casim s older sister  loses her fiance.
Casim s new relationship brings dishonour.
Roisin loses her job.
The Catholic school s direction does not accept her relationship since she is a married - though separated - woman and because she and Casim are living together.
Roisin is finally moved to a non-denominational school  Casim confronts his family  begging them to respect his choice before returning to her.
Tahara leaves to study journalism.
<EOS>
The Hep Cat opens.
Unfortunately  he stumbles.
Who   gives chase.
The cat   begins singing Java Jive.
Later  the cat encounters an attractive female cat  and attempts to woo her  failing utterly.
Suddenly  Rosebud the dog reappears and the chase resumes.
The cat once again evades the dog.
The cat can be seen kissing his dream girl -- a puppet.
The cartoon closes.
<EOS>
Dinah Sheldon  an enthusiastic art student  is expelled from Miss Ingram s Seminary for wearing two petticoats instead of five  attending political rallies and insisting.
She be allowed to study nudes.
Dinah s understanding father  Dr Andrew Sheldon  an Episcopalian pastor  easily forgives his headstrong daughter this latest calamity.
When she is sent home.
Her mother Lily encourages her to be more conventionally feminine.
Dinah s childhood sweetheart  Tom Wade  also believes and confesses.
She should settle down.
He has begun dating the more continental Bernice Eckert.
Dinah feigns indifference  telling Tom.
Her only ambition is to study art.
He agrees to help her fulfill her dream.
The overworked Tom is asked to provide bail.
When Dinah is arrested.
Dinah offers to write a speech for Tom on equality.
He is scheduled to deliver the next night.
Dinah learns.
Preparing the speech  which is a modified version of her own debates.
Her exit was witnessed by two women  who then relayed the information to Dan Fletcher  Andrew s Scottish vestryman.
Dan is upset.
Andrew has just become a candidate  and suggests.
He punish Dinah.
Instead  the less ambitious Andrew encourages Dinah s dreams.
He had a short career as a ballroom dancer but gave it up to protect his father s reputation.
That night  Dinah shows up late.
Tom is forced to read her speech cold.
He is shocked to discover.
Her equality topic is female emancipation and is laughed.
The humiliated Tom dotes.
He no longer wants to be seen.
Aware offers to be Dinah s partner in a waltz contest.
Father and daughter easily defeat Tom and Bernice.
Later  Dinah visits Tom.
Where he works and begs him to pose for a portrait she intends to enter in a competition.
Dinah soon talks him.
Tom at first refuses to help.
She then dresses him and hammer and paints his likeness in the seclusion of the family greenhouse.
Dinah enters the painting anonymously.
Her identity is soon surmised.
Tom s face is clearly identifiable.
Her reputation is called into question.
She painted Tom.
Andrew   is suddenly embroiled.
Who has been nominated.
Tom is then fired and dumped by a jealous Bernice.
Pressured  Andrew reluctantly agrees to send Dinah to her aunt in Pittsburgh.
His promotion is assured.
Tom  meanwhile  finds himself hotly defending Dinah s honor.
He insists.
The contrite Dinah is about to leave.
There  a suffrage parade is harassed by a group of jeering men.
Dinah and Lily come  causing a small riot.
He learns and bails his family and Tom out of jail.
As a regretful Andrew is about to rush.
The next day tells Dan and delivers a critical  impromptu sermon on tolerance to his congregation.
He has been ruminating.
Andrew s stand moves his family.
Andrew learns.
As Tom finally confesses his love.
He has been made bishop.
<EOS>
Set 23 years  the film follows Tom.
An event called The Cancellation.
Whose sister is captured.
He sets out to find and rescue her.
He encounters.
Sandahl Bergman plays She.
Who ends up aiding Tom after he escapes.
She decides to help.
The heroes have to face a tutu wearing giant  a psychic communist  toga wearing werewolves and mutants bandaged up.
<EOS>
The film tells a neer -.
Who falls with Betty.
Harry participates.
<EOS>
Germany is losing at the end of the Second World War.
Young Milos Hrma is engaged.
The stationmaster  an enthusiastic pigeon-breeder  has a kind wife  but is envious.
Milos holds a platonic love.
The experienced Hubicka tries to explain the matters of love and discovers.
Milos is a virgin.
The idyll is disturbed by the arrival of the councillor  Zednicek  a Nazi supporter.
Masa spends the night.
He finds no success and  the next day  he attempts suicide.
He is saved.
The doctor explains.
Ejaculatio praecox is normal.
The doctor recommends.
Milos seek the assistance.
Hubicka flirts with the telegraphist  Zdenicka  and imprints her buttocks with the office s rubber stamps.
Her mother complains.
The scandal prevents the stationmaster.
The Germans are nervous.
Their trains are attacked and blown up.
An attack is also planned.
Young artiste Viktoria Freie delivers a bomb.
Viktoria also helps Milos to resolve his problem with virginity.
The encouraged Milos sets up the booby-trap himself.
The endeavor is successful.
The young man also dies.
<EOS>
Brian is a television.
Who is working  but has writer s block and needs inspiration.
He teams up to write about a sexual encounter.
He watches.
He witnesses a strange romantic encounter on the balcony of hotel near his flat and decides to write scripts with his writer friends based on.
What he saw.
<EOS>
Jackass Number Two is a compilation  and essentially has no plot.
The film opens.
They re being chased.
Ryan Dunn jumps.
The stampede chases them.
A bull rips off the open door.
Preston Lacy is pushed by a bull while trying to get over it.
Dave England takes cover.
Is knocked aside.
Jason Wee-Man Acuna is knocked by a calf.
Chris Pontius is thrown by a bull s horns.
Ehren McGhehey and Steve-O jump and break.
Johnny Knoxville and Bam Margera are left.
Get chased.
Bam jumps.
Johnny stops  Hi  I m Johnny Knoxville  welcome to Jackass.
The movie finishes.
What appears to be a hotel room.
The set then falls down to reveal a Busby Berkeley-style movie and dance.
Musical production number set The Best of Times  where the cast sing.
Getting battered.
Rip Taylor is seen at the end of the sequence claiming.
He is feeling not so good.
<EOS>
The story follows Trevor  a naive grocery clerk.
His life spirals out when he inadvertently helps Ian  his inept manager  rob the store.
They enlist the help to retrieve the stolen cash.
When the money is lifted.
But events soon go awry.
Trevor must now determine friend  and get the cash back.
It s too late.
<EOS>
A woman named.
Kiwako abducts a baby.
Kiwako raises the child as her own.
She is arrested.
The child named.
Erina is then returned.
She ca nt find peace.
Erina also becomes involved with a married man and becomes pregnant.
To confront her past  Erina goes.
Where she lived as a child.
There Erina discovers a shocking truth and is forced to make a decision.
<EOS>
Ron runs an escort service.
That is.
He is murdered.
A number are possible.
It could be Cheech  the rival escort agency owner  Stephanie  a prostitute.
Who wants to leave the business.
Cheech is a day.
Whose lives intersect.
Their quest will reveal each of them to each other in ways.
They never dreamed.
<EOS>
A team led by a wealthy American Tycoon George Harrison attempt to salvage a fortune in diamonds from the wreckage of a ship.
Sunk. 
They discover.
When the team arrives.
The ship is cursed.
The diamonds are protected.
Who are now zombies  forced to guard the treasure until the diamonds are destroyed or the curse is finally lifted.
<EOS>
The film opens.
TVN reporter Meeta Matu reports.
Some 3000 rounds were discharged by a large police squad at a previously peaceful residential area.
The film moves turned private prosecutor Dhingra  Assistant Commissioner of Police Shamsher S.
Where he interviews the three leading members.
Khan  Inspector Kaviraj Patil and Inspector Javed Sheikh.
The main film timeline is the extended interview   the film flashes back to show the incidents.
The officers answer Dhingra s questions.
Dhingra asks.
Khan explains.
He hand-picked 27 and officers.
He borrowed the concept to help combat crime.
The film flashes back to show Khan selecting his men and putting them to be fast  efficient and deadly.
Dhingra is hardly impressed  He points out.
If Khan shoots to kill he is no different he seeks to destroy.
Dhingra asks.
Khan felt he had do this.
Khan explains.
Several Sikh terrorists fled to Mumbai and began establishing a base in the city.
They engaged to grow their operations.
The film flashes back to show Sub Inspector Mhatre  a very brave officer and disciple  pursuing and subsequently getting shot down by a group of Sikh terrorists.
Khan is deeply frustrated.
When the Mumbai police  mired  fail to act.
He obtains clearance and sets out after the militants.
Khan asks Meeta Matu to cover the incident so as to deter future terrorists.
True  he successfully encounters the terrorists.
Who shot PSI Mhatre.
The encounter with Khalistani Extremist was more dangerous and tough than Shootout at Lokhandwala.
The film segues.
Maya is the second-in-command and runs Dawood s criminal activities in Mumbai.
Maya recruits Bhua.
Maya and Bhua are at the top of Mumbai s underworld  reporting directly to the big boss in Dubai.
Things heat up.
When Khan recognizes   that Maya is responsible for several criminal and possibly terrorist activities.
Maya s ambitions  fueled by his Aai s insistence  grow to the point.
Where he wishes to assert his independence and take over Mumbai himself.
Khan s ATS now focuses  and begins a dangerous cat-and-mouse game.
Where neither side shows any overt aggression but tries to disable the adversary.
Khan launches visits to try to persuade them to counsel the criminals to surrender.
Maya and his men return the visit by approaching the cops at social situations.
Maya visits Khan.
Where Khan is having dinner.
Maya quietly tells Khan  This is.
Leave the families.
Khan retorts  I did this to give you an opportunity to come clean.
But now it appears.
Any resolution hangs off the barrel.
Maya s rage intensifies.
When he gets thrown out.
Maya had demanded 40 lakhs protection money  Wadhwani claimed to deal directly.
Maya kidnaps Wadhwani s sniveling  overweight kid.
The big boss asks Maya to cut it out and return the child immediately.
When Wadhwani complains.
Maya quietly informs the boss.
He has upped his demands and that he wants to reign supreme.
The film also explores the personal lives.
Khan s wife Rohini is unable to bear his constant neglect.
She files.
Patil s divorce is nearly  too.
Buwa has shacked up with a bar dancer Tanu and is unable to spend any quality time with her.
Fellow criminals Phatu and RC have similar troubles.
It all comes.
The five criminals secure themselves  while holding Wadhwani s kid  in a flat at Swati building in Lokhandwala.
Khan is tipped off by an informant.
Khan assembles a large squad and lays siege to the location.
He announces.
Residents are advised to stay indoors and bolt their windows.
A long and devastating gun battle begins.
The criminals launch rocket propelled grenades and try to escape.
But they are overwhelmed.
All five criminals are eventually slain.
The battle lays waste  Film shots show the staircases  hallways and several civilian flats completely pulverized by gunfire.
Reporter Meeta Matu covers.
The action live.
Dhingra has been negative and denigrating of Khan and his efforts with the ATS.
He cites press reports and civilian complaints.
Condemn Khan.
Charges are brought.
But  he   presents an unconventional argument as defense.
When Dhingra rises to defend them.
The film ends.
<EOS>
Sadie  the most beautiful yellow lab  lives an idyllic  pampered life in the suburbs.
One day  she comes and has no idea.
What to do with her new found feelings and urges.
She runs away.
When she learns that her loving owners are about to have her spayed.
Where her sexual adventures begin.
She meets along the way  she gets seduced by Long Dong Fong  a Shar-pei the wiener dog  forbidding dungeon.
Who rebuffs the male Asian stereotype  Bosco  the big black bad ass Doberman  and Arnold.
Who escorts her.
There s a sexy girl with Buster  the labradoodle.
Who fulfills Sadie s every desire.
<EOS>
Jennifer travels to study with her boyfriend  Vincent.
Samuel Pang arrives  Cow and Bull to pick her up.
Not comprehending  Pang shouts welcoming Japanese phrases in hopes of getting inside.
Illegally parking his car  Pang rushes his friends to escort Jennifer from the airport.
Arriving  Pang introduces Jennifer to her room.
He warns her to be careful using the fridge.
It is run.
His voice is muffled.
Pang leaves letting.
Jennifer know that she may stamp if she needs anything.
He lives downstairs.
The next day  Jennifer wakes up Pang to have him show her.
To take a train to meet Vincent.
Pang jokes like her to go there.
The train station is and is dangerous for a girl.
He insists driving her.
Waiting to change  he comments.
Women are cha bo  meaning trouble.
Pang ridicules Jennifer not knowing English.
Waiting  she sees Vincent with Peggy.
Anxiously  Jennifer attempts to hide but is caught.
She could walk out.
Vincent did not expect to see Jennifer.
He would have not been to see a baseball game with his girlfriend.
Vincent felt.
It was childish to travel to New York City to send him a box of dolls from Hong Kong.
Infuriated  Jennifer walks back and throws the box of dolls on the street.
Later that night  Pang answers.
A call made because Jennifer would not answer.
He told Jennifer to meet for lunch at Silver Palace restaurant the next day.
Coincidentally  Pang works and overhears their conversations.
Jennifer meant to study in New York as a means to be with Vincent.
Vincent tells Jennifer to explore the city and meet new people.
To follow him everywhere.
She finds out.
When he tells her this.
He is leaving tomorrow.
Depressed  Jennifer goes home and makes a pot  the fridge is not closed properly.
Pang smells gas and investigates  he finds a passed out Jennifer.
He takes her downstairs and has someone call the fire department.
Seeing Jennifer lovesick  Pang takes her out for a walk.
The next day  Jennifer goes.
Pang walks in and sees her too  Jennifer disregards having eye-contact and turns aside.
She eats an egg sandwich.
Pang is about to sit  only to have a friend from another table call him.
Pang greets them and moves.
He tries a piece and calls a staff member over to order extra plates of food for both of them  for no extra charge.
Pang helps Jennifer build a bookcase and decorate her room.
She tells him she found a part-time job  but would need second job for her tuition and other expenses.
He finds her grandfather s watch.
The strap is worn.
Unsure she has enough money  Pang goes to buy tickets for her the next morning.
Not knowing  he did not have a chance to tell her  he tried to sell the tickets  claiming.
Jennifer was busy.
He had tickets.
They were.
Jennifer climbed off the bus to help Pang  but would be late for her babysitting job  so Pang insisted driving her there.
He stripped the car and rebuilt it  so she would not have to hold.
Concerned  Pang runs and asks.
She will not go in.
She is anxious and asks Pang to accompany her.
Pang spent all his money and asks Cow and Bull to give him some money to gamble.
Bull is reluctant to give some.
He wants to save it.
Bull pays the gangs $.
00 each week  but is still not enough.
Tony  one wants to hire Jennifer as a waitress for his restaurant.
Pang is suspicious  but offers to try the restaurant.
Jennifer assures him it is not necessary  but would love.
Him to visit her there.
Pang declines  on his mind.
He later visits Jennifer  and is led.
Unable to read the English menu  he has the waiter order a simple menu.
The waiter takes advantage and charges the highest-priced items onto the bill.
Tony visits Jennifer and walks.
Babysitting Anna.
Mrs Sherwood recently came home and sees Tony flirting  and calls.
Her to leave immediately.
Having heard Jennifer losing her babysitting job  Pang and his friends go to beat up the owner.
They spend their morning trying to sell her dolls.
Walking  Jennifer sees a watchband  unfortunately it is out of her budget.
She likes.
She sees Vincent with Peggy but wants to flee.
She asks Pang.
She looks better.
Pang did not care.
How others looked  or how others looked  as long.
He kept his dignity.
He told Jennifer.
It was his dream to open a restaurant  and name it Samuel Pang.
Next morning  Samuel Pang wrote being.
You want it  go  in this case Pang going for cha bo  Jennifer.
Pang is holding a party  and invites Jennifer  but does not tell her it his birthday.
Vincent heard  so he talked the entire night.
She was.
The conversation became awkward.
When he mentioned he broke up.
Pang  serving guests leaves.
He does not think he will have a chance.
He went drinking and gambling.
Bull asks to pay off the gangs.
Frustrated  Pang gathered.
A group drove in search for the gang and beat them up.
Jennifer wanders sees a mirror written with words by him.
He wrote his name  age  and birthday.
Feeling lonely  she walks and sees Anna at her school.
Mrs Sherwood sees her and invites her to move in Long Island.
Pang comes back and finds his room with a Jennifer s graduation certificate.
To congratulate her  he buys the watchband.
The old man did not accept his offer  so Pang sold his car.
Excited to see Jennifer  he runs to her apartment only to see Vincent helping Jennifer move furniture in his car.
She gives him her number.
They exchange gifts.
Pang runs.
She leaves.
Unable to catch up  he walks.
He opens his gift and finds her grandfather s watch.
Some time afterwards  they meet.
<EOS>
Khastegi tells the story.
<EOS>
High society girl Marjory Paton leaves the city to live.
She carries romantic notions  of being swung to the saddle by big brown arms.
Greenhide Gavin is initially only annoyed.
Greenhide contains a blossoming romance.
The thwarting to steal cattle.
<EOS>
Always struggling  Hillary Burns constantly feels the pressure to marry from her demanding mother  Meredith.
Finally  this holiday season  she thinks.
She finally has it right.
Hillary assures her meddling mother.
Her handsome new fiance is coming to finally meet her crazy clan.
But  Hillary has to scramble to find a replacement or risk facing her mother s wrath.
When the workaholic lawyer suddenly breaks up.
She hires David  an out-of-work actor  to pose as her fiance in front of her mom  her dad and her snobbish sister Trish.
Soon  her fake engagement starts to feel real.
When she begins falling.
Can Hillary find a way to turn this replacement.
<EOS>
The Arthurian film cycle started.
The youth Galahad  trying to emulate his father Sir Lancelot  wants fervently to be admitted to the Knights of the Round Table order.
King Arthur agrees to knighthood.
When he defeats Sir Bors and Sir Mordred.
He can guard Excalibur night.
Unfortunately  the sword is stolen by a mysterious personage known only as the Black Knight.
Possession makes the holder invincible.
The sovereignty of Arthur is endangered  then Galahad is refused knighthood.
The sword is found.
Galahad  aided  is hindered in his quest by Ulric  the Saxon King   and by Merlin the magician.
Who invades England.
Who harasses our hero.
Galahad suspects.
The Black Knight is a traitor who seeks the throne in alliance with the Saxons  while Morgan le Fay  Arthur s half sister and also a magician  helps him fight both Merlin s magic and the Saxons.
<EOS>
Andy  now nearly 18 years old  is leaving.
His toys feel.
They have been abandoned as they have not been played.
Andy decides to take Woody to college and puts Buzz Lightyear and the rest of the toys in a trash bag for storage in the attic.
However  the toys are accidentally thrown out.
When Andy s mom finds the bag and puts it out  causing the toys to think that they are no longer wanted.
They escape and decide to climb.
Woody  the only toy  follows the other toys and tries to explain.
Who saw what actually happened.
They were thrown out.
They refuse to believe him.
Andy s toys are welcomed and given a tour of the seemingly perfect play-setting by Lots-O  - Huggin  Bear  Big Baby and Ken.
Whom Barbie falls.
All love their new home  leaving a steadfast Woody alone in an attempt to return to Andy.
Woody s escape attempt falls short.
He is found.
She takes him home and plays along with her other toys.
Who are well-treated  happy  and readily welcome Woody.
Andy s toys get beaten up by the rambunctious youngest toddlers.
Buzz goes to ask Lotso to transport him and the other toys  only to be caught by Lotso s henchmen and restored back to his original space ranger persona.
Andy s toys realize.
Woody was right when Mrs Potato Head sees Andy searching for them through her missing eye  which was left behind in Andy s room.
They are imprisoned  including a reset Buzz.
They could leave.
Back  Woody learns from one of the toys  named Chuckles the Clown  and had an owner named Daisy.
Lotso was once a good toy.
Who also owned Chuckles the Clown and Big Baby.
One day  Daisy left them.
The three eventually find their way back  only to find.
She replaced Lotso.
He and Big Baby took it over and ran it.
When he found Sunnyside.
The following morning  Woody returns to Sunnyside.
He sneakily reaches his friends and tells them he is sorry.
They quickly formulate an escape plan.
That night  Woody and Slinky sneak to the main office.
Where Chatter informed them that a cymbal-banging monkey monitors the CCTV system to prevent toys escaping.
A brief fight ensues  ending.
Slinky signals  they make their escape.
Mr Potato head provides a diversion.
Buzz is accidentally reset into a Spanish mode.
His memory is wiped   Buzz allies himself with Woody s friends  and immediately falls in love with Jessie.
The toys reach a dumpster  but are caught.
Woody reveals.
A garbage truck approaches.
What he heard.
Big Baby throws Lotso.
Seeking revenge  Lotso pulls Woody.
As the truck collects the trash.
Woody s friends jump of the truck  trying to rescue him and a falling television hits Buzz.
When he tries to save Jessie  returning him.
The toys find themselves and are pushed onto a conveyor belt leading to a garbage shredder.
Woody and Buzz save Lotso.
He is about to be shredded and Woody.
The other toys end up  leading to an incinerator.
The toys help Lotso reach an emergency stop button.
He leaves them.
Thinking  the toys join hands and accept their fate but are rescued.
This is the end.
Lotso makes his way outside.
A passing truck driver finds him and  recognizing  straps him.
He had the toy.
Meanwhile  Woody and his friends board another trash truck driven.
Woody climbs back into the box with Andy s college supplies.
The other toys ready themselves.
Remembering his time  Woody has an idea and leaves a note for Andy on the toys  box.
Andy  thinking  takes them and introduces her to his old toy and Bonnie recognizes Woody.
The note is.
Who   is lying at the bottom of the box.
Andy is initially reluctant to give him up but eventually does so and spends some time playing.
Woody introduces the gang to Bonnie s toys.
The camera pans up.
Woody and the other toys learn through notes passed in Bonnie s backpack.
Barbie  Ken and Big Baby have improved the lives at Sunnyside.
Buzz uncontrollably dances ve Got a Friend in Me.
<EOS>
The play takes place  in.
The head are middle-class and prosperous.
However  Sam lose their handbag business.
The family must come.
The other characters include a friend  Gus  and his daughter  Libby  a frivolous and self-centered young woman  a boarder  and an assortment of other characters.
Who is newly married.
Odets said.
He d hoped that after people see it  they re going to be glad they re alive.
Olszewski  Tricia.
The Washington Post  November 25  2004  p.
.
<EOS>
An art dealer goes after the death of a friend  Baron von Utz  to obtain the Baron s priceless Meissen porcelain collection.
He meets an old friend  Orlik.
Who tells him while he struggles to discover what happened to the collection.
<EOS>
Norma Besant  daughter  is an incorrigible flirt and has many suitors.
Her father Dr Besant favors Stanley.
Who is taken.
However Norma has met a simple man named Michael Jeffrey.
Who she has fallen madly with.
Dr Besant disapproves Norma to never see him again.
Norma gives him their word  then promptly plans to marry Michael.
When he s made ` good  so he can buy her a home in the valley.
A few months pass and Michael sneaks down to see Norma at a Country Club dance.
Wanting more time alone they sneak off.
They made coffee and talked all night about the future.
She returns home the next day.
However someone has spotted the couple and began to spread rumors.
Michael is furious and vows.
He will ask her father immediately.
Dr Besant is furious.
A heated verbal exchange takes place.
Dr Besant orders Norma and leaves  pistol in hand.
Stanley arrives  telling Norma.
Norma s brother tries to distract her.
Michael was fatally wounded.
Norma runs.
Where he dies.
Dr Besant s lawyer friend arrives begging Norma to lie on.
Norma refuses.
Later she changes her mind.
The trial wears on.
She takes the stand and lies  trying to save her father.
Norma breaks down.
Her father comes to comfort her.
She does nt have to lie anymore he spots the gun.
He tells her.
Dr Besant approaches the bench and confesses his guilt  saying.
He has done wrong and is willing to pay the price.
He then takes the gun and kills himself.
Later we see Stanley waiting.
Who has been.
He offers to walk her home.
Norma refuses saying.
She d like to walk home alone.
<EOS>
Louise works.
Where she lives  has become obsessed  and scours Montreal newspapers for stories about each victim.
The latest victim is a.
Who last spoke she meet at the bar  and with whom she had a drink after she got off work at midnight.
Louise s wheelchair-bound downstairs neighbor Spencer shares her predilection up  but mostly likes to keep to himself.
Then a young elementary school teacher  Victor  moves  having recently returned to the city from a sojourn in China.
The three live.
Victor eagerly wants to make friends.
Who are reluctant to form a friendship as they find him only slightly more agreeable.
Who hates Louise s cats.
It becomes apparent.
The trio s relationships develop.
Each is a troubled character.
Louise s life is focused  than to humans.
Victor is almost a benign stalker  keen to ingratiate himself  especially Louise  upon  inventing an imaginary love life.
Whom he appears to develop a crush.
Spencer appears the most well-adjusted  despite his handicap.
It is hard to keep secrets.
The walls are.
However its manager  Madame Gauthier  finds herself completely.
When a murder takes place.
<EOS>
Irish-American Kerry OShea is studying medicine in 1921 Dublin  Ireland.
Apolitical and sick.
After fighting  he is drawn into the struggle between the Irish Republican Army and the British Black and Tans after his friend and fellow medical student.
Complications ensue.
When Kerry falls.
The British offer a peace treaty.
Is not enough to satisfy Sean Lenihan  the leader  and Kerry s former professor.
<EOS>
The film tells the story.
Who travelled  and falls in love with an Indian girl Champa.
<EOS>
Madhavan  locally known  is a protective brother of five younger sisters  Ammu  Nandhini  Seetha  Gayatri and Kamali.
Their father married again.
His children never speaks.
He has two daughters.
The eldest  Ammu was raped by her widower professor.
Madhavan asked his sister to marry the professor.
Who was quite old and so the other sisters were unhappy  who did not know.
His second sister  Seetha hence elopes and later comes to stay in their neighbourhood itself.
Madhavan s enemies try to kill his brother-in-law and put the blame.
Luckily  his brother-in-law survives and tells the truth.
<EOS>
One winter s night  two French nuns  Sister Margaret and Sister Scholastica  come.
Where they meet Amelia Potts  a painter.
The Sisters announce.
They have come to build a hospital there.
Chicago-born Sister Margaret explains.
She was in charge of a children s hospital in Normandy when it became a potential target during a military campaign.
Sister Margaret made a personal plea not to shell the hospital.
Many could not be evacuated.
The Germans were using.
The hospital was spared.
Sister Margaret made a promise.
She would return to America to build a children s hospital.
Sister Margaret tells her  entitled  with information about the Bethlehem area.
They had received a postcard.
The Sisters then decide.
A local hill depicted would be a good site for the hospital.
The Sisters go to see the Bishop.
Composer Bob Masen  who is Miss Potts s neighbor and landlord  tells the Sisters that the hill is owned.
He is unable to help them  but does give them a small amount of money to tide them over.
Bob s religious porter  Anthony James  offers them a ride.
When they return.
They arrange to borrow the jeep to go to find Mr Rossi and ask him to donate his land.
Sister Margaret learned to drive a jeep.
Rossi runs a bookie operation and   the Sisters manage to see him.
However  he tells the Sisters.
He intends to build his retirement home.
Sister Margaret notices a picture.
They prepare to leave.
They learn.
Rossi s son was killed.
The sisters then tell Luigi.
They will pray.
Suddenly  Rossi changes his mind and informs them.
If they will install a stained glass window  the land is theirs.
Elated  they return.
The Sisters come to thank him.
Bob then announces.
He will be going to work on a picture.
The Sisters acquire opposite the Rossi property for use as a temporary shelter to stage the construction of the hospital.
However   he discovers.
When the Bishop looks.
The purchase price carries a $ 25000 mortgage  significantly more.
He tells the Sisters.
He will have to cancel the contract.
Eleven more nuns and a chaplain arrive from France  having been previously summoned by the Sisters following their success.
The Bishop relents  allowing them to stay  but later remarks to his monsignor assistant.
If they can not raise the additional money they must all leave.
He feels unstoppable forces.
He discovers the now increased number.
When Bob returns with Kitty and three house guests.
Bob insists.
She evict all the nuns.
The option is.
That evening   they hear the nuns singing a hymn.
Kitty performs Bob s new song.
They recognize to be similar.
Concerned to plagiarism  Bob swears.
He first thought after his Army outfit landed in France four years earlier.
Guest Al Newman  a music critic  identifies the melody.
The next morning  accidentally drive a stake through Bob s water line.
Building a shrine mistaking it.
Bob visits the real estate agent and arranges to buy the witch-hazel plant.
Order to keep it out.
Sister Margaret  meanwhile  discovers.
Bob s guests playing doubles tennis and arranges a wager if Sister Scholastica can help Al beat the other couple.
She loses the match.
Sister Scholastica is a former tennis champion.
Later   Bob apologetically comes to bid them goodbye and overhears their prayers  discovering.
Sister Margaret tells the Sisters that they must leave.
Their Mother House is  near where he was stationed.
Bob is moved to change his mind.
When the Sisters ask him to pray.
The film ends.
Jude.
<EOS>
Begona is a thirty something consultant.
Who has rebelled and has overdone it with sex ever since her youth.
She keeps a video diary of her encounters using a palm-sized video gadget called The Owl.
Reluctantly  Begona goes to have dinner with her dysfunctional family  her stern mother  her married brother and her younger sister.
Soon  Begona  the family s black sheep  clash.
She leaves abruptly.
Her sister seems sympathetic.
The same night is befriended by Daniel  a solitary handsome man in his late teens.
The attractive and self assure Begona draws his attention.
An argument ensures.
When her on and off ex boyfriend Elio  and adventurous biker  shows up.
The next morning Begona wakes up next to her.
Drunk  she does not remember.
She was.
What had happened.
They had sex  he tells her.
It was wild.
Young  rich and  Daniel stars to pursue Begona relentlessly  but she ignores him.
She is flattered.
He is far.
There is Ramon.
She is tired and rebuffs his advances coldly.
Only  Ignacio  an older painter  seems to hold her interest.
Old enough to be her father  Begona has been Ignacio s lover.
He is not deterred.
Daniel has followed her.
Begona goes and gets reunited with her friends of younger days.
When New Year s Day comes.
The host is Santiago  Begona s high School boyfriend.
He is now married.
Begona wonders.
Her life could have been that.
There is also Marian  Begona s friend.
Who is married  but is having trouble getting pregnant.
Begona helps Marian to collect from her husband the sperm.
She needs.
Begona s spirit make.
Her accepts the challenge  to go into a rough section of Madrid pretending to be a prostitute.
However  once there she is brutally raped.
Begona looks for a more respectable life.
Begona marries Daniel and have a child.
Again causing a commotion.
Nevertheless  unsatisfied  one day  she decides to return  looking for more.
Where she was raped.
<EOS>
The film tells the story.
Who might be a new hope.
She is a devoted worshiper.
They re brought together with a prostitute.
Who s nowhere to be found.
Sofia cares and looks after the moneylender s house.
Clemente is looking.
Clemente has the opportunity to reconsider his emotional relations with people.
<EOS>
Wisdom s character works  in competition with Consolidated Dairies  an ever-growing rival company under the management of Walter Hunter.
Much centres on classic slapstick comedy  with Norman encountering various comedic escapades.
These include being dragged by an errant lawnmower and using the fire brigade s high pressure hosepipes to blast firemen off their ladders  after being called to a suspected fire at Consolidated Dairies  HQ.
The film used some notable special effects  to create extra storeys and to create the illusion.
Mrs Hoskins has a horse s head.
<EOS>
Awaking alone  Kang Min sees a secluded cabin nearby and wanders towards it.
He is shocked to discover a brutal  bloody crime.
Had taken place.
A man  hacked repeatedly  lies on the floor  dead.
Min hears a noise nearby and discovers his girlfriend Su-Young  stabbed and nearly dead  stammering something.
Min is caught off guard.
He could save his loved one.
Who unexpectedly emerges and dashes out.
Min grabs the sickle and pursues the dark figure to be temporarily knocked out with a blunt blow to the face.
Min  being disoriented and slightly dazed  sees.
The killer enter nearby and stumbles after him.
Yet  a speeding SUV collides and throws him to the ground  severely injured by the impact.
Entering the tunnel.
The dark figure approaches Min and stands mere inches away.
He lies across the ground.
If mocking his inability to capture him.
Min extends his arm  desperately trying to grab him  but.
He soon loses consciousness  Min wakes-up heavily bandaged.
His friend  a police detective named Choi  is.
Min discovers.
He   is the prime suspect of the killings due to his fingerprints being on the sickle that he picked up and his relationship with the victims.
Choi  wanting to believe  asks Min to tell him everything.
Had happened leading up.
Weaving in and out  Min tries to reconstruct the bizarre events.
It proves to be a too difficult task.
Min finds.
There are some details he can not remember  he ca nt even be sure they actually happened.
The boundary become blurred.
He tries to piece together his enigmatic past.
<EOS>
Three criminals have hatched a plan to rob an army barracks.
The troops are about to be dispatched to take part.
There is believed to be a large amount  to be shipped out with them.
The gang enters an army barracks  disguised to the pay corps headquarters.
Where   they make sure that the alarms are disabled.
Will give them time to make their escape once the robbery takes place.
They try to integrate themselves into the workings of the base  including being vaccinated for Overseas service  to avoid attracting attention.
They change again  announcing on arrival.
Night falls.
They have had reports.
They begin searching the rooms.
They then order the premises to be evacuated.
They break and steal over #.
The building empty.
Starting several fires to cover their activities  they then withdraw  carrying a fake casualty.
The men drive off.
Troops rush in.
Where they had left an army truck.
He is told.
When an officer rings up the medics to check.
Nobody has arrived.
Suspicious  he raises the alarm.
The whole camp is put.
The police are sent.
They are initially fooled.
The criminals have already left the camp.
Meanwhile the crooks successfully manage to escape the camp.
Military police are dispatched.
The authorities slowly awake.
It is tracked down  with the criminals seemingly cornered in a disused country barn.
The truck leaves the convoy.
They try to make a break  using a flamethrower to clear their path.
Initially successful  they manage to outrun the troops.
<EOS>
The plot revolves with rival club owner Diamonds Dielli and the police.
He fights back.
When the tough entrepreneur starts getting threats and demands.
Johnny s girlfriend Midnight Franklin  one  wants to get him out of the business.
Are a sadistic client  an underage chorus girl  a wisecracking siren.
Who s not averse.
The reporter gets involved while writing a story on the clubs.
He has quite a lot to write about.
The competition heats up.
Johnny becomes an unknowing instrument.
Midnight informs to save his life from the violent blackmailers after him.
Both rival clubs head.
<EOS>
This film documents the November 1984 death.
Who was regarded.
The film documents the cultural ripple effects.
It documents the contemporaneous impact.
<EOS>
Gemini Ganesan falls with Sowcar.
They get married.
The marriage was not accepted.
The situation made.
Gemini Ganesan move  where he later married Jayanthi by hiding his previous marriage life.
Sowcar s father  V.
S.
Raghavan  took a challenge and made her.
There comes the taciturn Gemini working.
They were all expecting the new collector s arrival.
The collector arrived.
That is Sowcar Janaki.
They tend to work together.
Nagesh spread rumour.
There is some affair and this rumour moved to Jayanthi.
Where she stayed.
She was completely disturbed.
How they tackled the family and how they lead their life after that which was clearly portrayed in the latter part of the film by K.
Balachander.
Finally Jayanthi discovered the secret with Sowcar.
Mean while sons were drowned in water and admitted to Hospital.
Somehow jayanthi managed the disturbance and accepts sowcar as her sister.
But sowcar son died.
Jayanthi son survived.
Got her duty abroad.
Jayathi gave sowcar her son.
The movie ended leaving for abroad in the plane.
<EOS>
Ganesh plays an ordinary photographer.
Who meets Ananth Nag  a wealthy businessman.
Ananth Nag has lost his belief and is a drunkard.
Ganesh attempts to bring back hope.
<EOS>
A San Francisco delivery man  Eddie Miller  struggles.
He s especially bothered.
Miller knows.
He s sick.
He self-inflicts burns on his right hand by holding it over a stove.
The doctor treating the wound suspects.
He might need psychological help.
Then gets too busy to follow through.
Miller begins a killing spree by shooting women from far distances.
He writes an anonymous letter to the police begging them to stop him.
A psychologist has the keys.
The killings continue.
The film is unusual.
Its ending is completely.
<EOS>
Movie producer Mike Max meditates.
His wife Page announces she is leaving him.
He receives a document from a NASA employee he met earlier at a conference.
He is kidnapped and almost killed  a scene captured by surveillance cameras and witnessed by computer scientist Ray Bering on surveillance footage scene in his laboratory at the Griffiths Observatory.
However  it soon turns out  Max has escaped and now is accused.
The two men have been shot.
He takes shelter.
Who find him and they help him investigate who is trying to kill him and why.
Bering   has a conversation.
Who originally sent Max the email and recognized Max.
Who makes it clear that anyone who gets will be dealt with.
Detective Dean Brock suspects and on a tip meets.
Max is not a killer.
Who is assassinated as they begin to speak.
Max gives up his business and money.
The movie ends.
He meditates.
<EOS>
Set in Sydney  New South Wales in 1930  the neighbourhood.
Nice guys are led for making a quid.
Fatty uses his enterprise to raise enough money to buy a crystal set  more.
S worth seventeen shillings & sixpence.
His Dad earns.
Bruiser Murphy the bully and his gang try to stop him.
Fatty uses his brains.
<EOS>
Raj and his friends are tired.
Ambition leads Raj and his friends of the biggest drug lords in London  Gabbar and Isaac.
Realising the consequences  Raj seeks refuge in the countryside with an old friend  Tony.
Tony runs the largest pirate DVD manufacturing operation in London.
To elude capture  Raj and his friends are forced to submerge themselves.
Meanwhile  Gabbar and Isaac are hunting down Raj and his friends - but.
Who will find them first.
<EOS>
The special is the story.
His son  Kakarot  is born on Planet Vegeta  and is being prepared to be sent to a frontier planet.
Order to destroy all life.
Meanwhile  Bardock and his crew are.
Bardock and crew rest up and celebrate their victory.
The planet is seemingly devoid.
One remaining Kanassan warrior catches him and decides to give him the gift of seeing the future  before being destroyed by Bardock.
This gives him the ability to see the destruction  and the oppression of the entire universe at the hands of Frieza.
Bardock dismisses the visions  and goes to join his team  but soon discovers.
His friends are all dead.
He then briefly talks.
Who tells him that Frieza ordered the attack  saying that Frieza was frightened by the growing power of the Saiyans.
Horrified and then furious  he takes Tora s blood-soaked armband and wraps it around his head.
He battles the ones responsible  and defeats them all  but is easily overwhelmed.
He is left severely injured  but manages to return back.
Bardock now realizes.
Frieza intends to destroy the entire Saiyan race.
Unfortunately  he is unable to convince the others and  with no other choice  decides to confront Frieza himself.
Bardock sends a large energy blast at the tyrant himself  expecting a sure victory.
However  Frieza counters this.
Destroys Bardock  many.
The Planet Vegeta itself.
Bardock sees one more vision  his son Kakarot facing Frieza.
He is dying.
Being assured  Bardock gives a small smile.
Kakarot will be the one to defeat Frieza.
He disintegrates along.
Bardock   telepathically tells his son Kakarot in the space pod to avenge the Saiyans.
Which Kakarot wakes up.
Elsewhere  Vegeta  having just completed an assignment  is informed by Nappa of his homeworld s destruction.
That Frieza claims.
The planet was destroyed.
Vegeta s pride keeps him.
He remains outwardly emotionless.
Soon afterward  Kakarot s space   gets amnesia by hitting his head causing him to lose.
Where he is found.
His instincts then giggles happily.
Gohan then decides to adopt the boy  and gives him a new name  the name.
He will go.
<EOS>
U.
S.
President Henry Ashton attends a political summit to promote an international treaty.
Displayed  an assassination attempt on the president occurs  relayed in a time span of 23 minutes.
Each time is shown revealing additional details.
The events unfold.
Ultimately completes the story.
Enrique   sees his girlfriend Veronica  being embraced by a stranger and overhears them speaking about meeting under an overpass.
Who claims to be a Spanish police officer assigned.
Veronica assures Enrique.
When he confronts her.
He hands her a bag.
Enrique rushes to protect the mayor  but is tackled by Barnes.
When the president is shot.
He witnesses Veronica toss the bag.
Being detained.
He gave her  causing the second explosion.
Enrique escapes.
Who previously had him  mount a chase while firing shots in his direction  failing to subdue him.
Enrique confronts an unseen individual and asks.
He is surprised to see him still alive.
The fourth vantage point revolves.
Who is chatting.
Later  Lewis notices Barnes looking  and captures the footage with his camcorder.
Lewis chases Enrique and the pursuing Secret Service agents.
Lewis views the pair of agents from afar shooting in the direction of Enrique.
He greets an individual under the overpass.
Seriously wounded  Enrique falls.
Lewis sees Anna.
Who had earlier become separated  trying to cross a busy intersection.
An ambulance races down the road about to hit Anna.
Lewis runs out to save her.
<EOS>
Dolphin researchers suspect.
The US Navy s sonar program is causing dolphin deaths.
A teenage dolphin researcher  Alyssa Hawk  risks getting caught to save the dolphin.
When the US Navy abducts a scientific research dolphin.
<EOS>
The film opens showing a small New York City apartment building.
Where a young couple are seen arguing.
Charlotte throws a bag out  with some contents landing on the window sill of downstairs neighbor Joseph.
Joseph takes some.
Includes a locker key.
Eddie have apparently vacated the premises.
Focus is then shifted.
Who lives a simple yet structured everyday routine that includes writing  visiting Howard  an old friend at a nursing home who is in the final stages of Alzheimer s disease  trying to make arrangements on a tax debt  buying food at a discount grocery store  and then returning home to read books and play his violin.
Charlotte returns the following evening to recover missing contents from her bag  but notices her boyfriend s car pull up.
Doing so and quickly rushes.
She asks Joseph to dry off after the heavy rain  but subsequently collapses on his apartment floor.
He gives her a blanket and pillow and lets her sleep there.
Joseph lets Charlotte stay in his apartment indefinitely.
The two slowly form a platonic bond  Joseph discusses his past violin career and interest in philosophers  Charlotte reveals.
Her now former boyfriend Eddie was involved and that the relationship was purely for financial reasons.
Charlotte is additionally impressed.
Joseph - - could remember the words of philosophers  whereas her former boyfriend - a one-time musician - could barely remember words to his own songs.
Matters begin to change dramatically - due to tax collectors  he is forced to withdraw his life savings of $ 6000 from his bank account  his old friend Howard dies.
The two opposites slowly forge a more intimate relationship.
He finds his apartment ransacked  his violin smashed.
Returning home.
His entire life savings stolen.
Frank  Eddie s fellow gangster  had been following Charlotte around and traced her.
Joseph then gives Charlotte the missing locker key  the item.
Eddie and Frank were looking.
Charlotte angrily asks Joseph.
He had this all along but never gave it.
Joseph explains.
He did nt want her to leave.
Joseph  back he was before  slowly reconciles with his elderly neighbor Ida.
Who he introduced  but had also been unfriendly towards for being too inquisitive about his life.
Charlotte returns a few days later informing Joseph.
She sold the locker key for $.
She gives Joseph $ 6000 - the sum Joseph lost - and keeps the remaining $ 1000 for herself to start her life over  claiming.
She knows a friend.
The two kiss and say goodbye.
The same morning  Joseph knocks and asks.
She would like to accompany him the next day.
Ida is interested.
Joseph agrees to pick her up the next morning.
<EOS>
An insane man is shot dead.
He refused to listen and stabbed a woman dead.
The two cops always meet strange things.
Hsiao s girl friend is also haunted too.
The cops employ a Taoist to find out the problem.
Order to reduce the fear.
The Taoist discovers the truth  that led to a death.
Hsiao s father was involved.
Now the spirit has returned from hell and revenges.
<EOS>
Valentina and her friends are fun-loving  teenage girls.
They shop  they have sleepovers.
They dream.
<EOS>
The film begins.
B.
Septic Baird  landing his Hawker Hurricane s airfield.
A straggler taxis across his path.
As he touches down however.
Septic s quick reactions allow him to leapfrog the other Hurricane  averting a costly disaster.
However  this causes him to crash his replacement plane.
This earns Septic the wrath.
He damaged his plane.
The crash also injures the ligaments.
He is able  as he had been a medical student before the war.
The next morning  Septic is told  so he will instead serve in the operations room for the time being.
He will not be able to fly until his neck is healed.
Several days later  scrambled  Tiger orders all aircraft to take-off and fly out of harm s way.
The raid is over.
Septic wins a foot race with Small to claim the last spare Hurricane for himself.
He then proceeds to shoot down a.
His delight is short.
Lived however when he is admonished for leaving his radio set to transmit  preventing the returning Hurricanes from being diverted to an undamaged airfield.
A crestfallen Septic returns.
Eventually a reinstated Septic joins.
He is mortally wounded.
His last words are heard.
When he tells Small that their planned return foot race will have to be postponed indefinitely.
Small replies.
Your message received and understood.
Septic then passes out and crashes.
<EOS>
The movie follows the life.
Kaspar cases and robs a Mexican Grocery Store.
He counts up his score.
A small interview follows.
Where Kaspar introduces himself.
He refuses to answer certain questions.
His next mark is another grocery owned.
He shows his expertise and discusses about his careful  meticulous planning cycles.
Soon afterwards   he calls the camera crew to follow him case another joint.
The director is introduced.
He begins to interject about the new mark.
Kasper and the crew break into the club.
Kaspar desperately ravages the owner s office and tells the director to turn the camera off.
He finds a drawer.
Two months pass.
Kaspar contacts the crew to shoot once more.
The local Cinemark is the new mark.
Kaspar and the crew succeed  pull off the heist with no problems.
The next day the crew pass.
The crew learns.
Kaspar Karr s car was discovered in and around it.
The film ends.
Whether Kaspar was killed by the owner of the club.
<EOS>
The story is.
Vijay is a college student who comes back after finished his studies.
He meets village headman s daughter Yuvarani  both in love with each other.
Yuvarani s father Mansoor Alikhan opposes.
Vijaykanth is the elder brother.
Who returns.
The story carries a flashback.
Where Gouthami is his lover.
What happens.
<EOS>
James Ellis meets and falls during time off for snow days.
James  however  has commitment issues.
Sarah eventually winds up engaged.
His grandmother had warned him.
The women go crazy.
Causes James to be reluctant to commit.
James searches for his true self  ending up at The CIA - the Culinary Institute of America.
His eccentric mother Elise  still upset  is and has commitment issues of her own.
Her husband left her and James.
She spends her time.
Who do nt speak English.
Ultimately James overcomes the family curse and wins Sarah.
<EOS>
The film follows two intertwined subplots  an advanced drilling operation.
Is taking place to save a research team that has been teleported 600 km beneath the Earth s crust.
The drill  a fully American project  is powerful enough to drill at a fast pace and is used to try and rescue the team from their fate.
The operation begins.
The drill accidentally breaks.
Where the operators encounter hidden dangers awaiting them.
Order to save both the research team and themselves and to try and return before it is too late.
<EOS>
Yash Sabbarwal is an enterprising billionaire.
Who excels.
He is smitten.
She is a brilliant medical student.
Her idealism leads her.
Yash.
Himself sends her away.
Yash hires Gaurav Saxena to go with her.
She leaves.
Using his magical to make her fall in love with Yash.
Taj Bharadwaj  an endearing and loveable guy  falls badly for Isha.
Born and brought up  Taj is a perfect NRI gentleman  ever ready to lend his shoulder to a damsel in distress.
He has only one problem and.
S a major one  whether his father Lord Bharadwaj would agree or not.
Not just Isha falls with him but even Gaurav falls in love with her.
When Gaurav comes.
He tells Gaurav to go and break Isha s heart  so she would come back.
When Yash finds out.
Gaurav uses Maya Dhillon and sleeps with her.
Taj discovers it and informs Isha.
She starts hating him.
When Isha sees Gaurav and Maya together.
Gaurav is awarded by Yash for getting out of Isha s life and opening the ways for him.
Gaurav opens an account but is unaware.
The bank is owned.
Taj runs the bank.
Taj is shocked.
When he comes to know that a humble guy is opening an account of # 1 billion.
Taj asks Gaurav.
Gaurav informs him.
He has sold his soul.
Gaurav starts to realize.
He can not live.
He was really with her.
He returns the money and informs Maya.
He never loved her and it was just a part.
He informs Maya.
He is going back and that he is in love with Isha.
Maya meets Isha and tells her.
Gaurav seriously loved her but sacrificed his love.
Isha forgives Gaurav and still loves him.
However  Isha s parents have fixed her engagement.
Isha has to agree to make her parents happy.
Isha s friend Rubaina Alam invites Yash.
Yash refuses to attend it but Rubaina insults him and tells him.
He is responsible.
He must attend it.
Yash decides to break Taj and Isha s engagement.
Gaurav appears at Isha s engagement in the room.
Where Isha is preparing.
Gaurav informs her but it is the end.
He has always loved her.
She has to forget and think about Taj.
Gaurav tells her.
She must not tell anyone and continue her life.
Lord Bharadwaj sees Gaurav and asks him.
Has he come.
Gaurav tries to escape.
Taj stops him.
The situation becomes worse.
The pictures fall.
Lord Bharadwaj sees the pictures and tries to shoot.
Gaurav but Yash appears.
He tells everyone.
He deserves to be killed and not Gaurav because he has used Gaurav and Isha and has broken their love.
Isha s parents ask her.
Gaurav tells her to focus.
What he has said.
Isha starts crying and tells everyone.
She is engaging with her own will and is not being forced by anyone.
However  her mood tells.
She is not saying this intentionally.
Lord Bharadwaj tells.
Isha tells her parents.
She actually loves Gaurav.
Isha and Gaurav s engagement is fixed.
Gaurav is the one.
Who succeeds.
Yash and Taj fail but Gaurav fixes Taj s engagement and Yash s mother fixes his engagement with Rubaina.
Therefore  all three pairs start living happily.
Gaurav s love wins in the end.
<EOS>
One year  Max Matheson is involved in a car accident.
Kills his fiancee  Kayla.
He becomes emotionally disturbed and undergoes psychological treatment with Dr Beaumont  making some progress in dealing with the guilt over the accident.
To help Max move forward  his father  Jack Matheson  reopens the Mayflower Department Store and invites Max to replace the security guard.
Who recently quit while cutting himself up on duty.
Max accepts.
The job and his father introduces him.
Max sees a vision of a dead woman in a mirror  and then sees Jenna s reflection  ripping off her head.
Meanwhile  Jenna is killed  being thrown through glass doors and a shard of glass decapitating her.
Max realizes.
He foresees the deaths.
That night  he tries to find the ghost  but instead sees Ryan s reflection being eviscerated.
He tries to contact Ryan  but gets no response.
Later  Ryan is killed.
Max sees his father s face covered to his father s house.
Jack is almost killed.
Max made it to whoever is manipulating the mirrors that he would do whatever she wants him to do if she spares his father.
Max later returns.
He is stopped  explaining about what happened in Ryan and Jenna s deaths.
Max denies any involvements and   they let Max get back.
They remain suspicious.
Max goes  to find out.
Who the ghost is.
Suddenly  Max s reflection shows a light.
Max follows.
He finds a box and opens it to find an ID.
Who disappeared two months ago.
The light shines outside and Max finds a missing person flier.
Max reads it.
He contacts Eleanor s older sister Elizabeth to learn details.
Together  they discover.
Someone had deleted the surveillance files.
Max and Elizabeth visit Henry Schow  the store s former security guard and the last person.
Who reached the files.
Henry s mouth had been scarred.
They learn.
Eleanor is dead.
Her spirit is seeking revenge.
Whoever was involved.
Two months prior   Jenna and Ryan spiked Eleanor s drink with drugs.
Keller raped Eleanor and was directly responsible.
She was intoxicated.
Henry found Keller burying Eleanor s body and is ordered to delete the surveillance files to cover up the crime.
Eleanor   began stalking them.
Whose soul is trapped and can only be visible to her killers.
She began to mutilate Henry.
He erased the files  and eventually killed Jenna and Ryan.
She forced him to help her make contact by threatening his father s life.
When Eleanor realized that the newly-hired Max could see her  and that he had no involvement in her death.
Max realizes.
His near-death experience a year prior has given him an ability to see the other side.
Max and Elizabeth go in its basement.
They are chased.
He realizes that they know what happened.
He nearly strangles Elizabeth.
Max saves her  thus duplicating the near-death encounter and allowing Elizabeth to see Eleanor.
Max had experienced.
Max wrestles Keller  pushing him to the main mirror.
Eleanor kills Keller  saving Max and Elizabeth  but leaving them.
Henry confesses to the detectives of his unintentional involvement in Eleanor s murder.
The police interrogation room s one-way mirror starting to crack is alone.
He sees Eleanor again.
Henry s scream is heard to black.
<EOS>
Ric Martin  a disgraced and long fired cop  hits and is struck with beer bottle for his efforts.
Angered  he stalks the dancer.
He strangles her.
When she again raises a bottle.
He is thwarted to hide the body at a local lover s lane  and ends up hiding it at The Ice House.
Where he works.
Other women become his victims.
Their bodies are stored there a well.
His identical twin brother Fred Martin  himself a serving and investigating the disappearances  can not understand.
His brother is acting oddly.
Ric kills Fred and takes his place in the investigation.
<EOS>
The life is affected by a ` Gun  in two times in this film.
Both the times he was about to accept the love.
The life takes curious turn.
When beautiful Vandana accept him.
The bloody confusion in the market place becomes very costly in the life of Ganesha.
Where the cop is chasing the underworld don.
Wasim Khan brother shoots at.
It falls.
Frightened Ganesha is lost in agony.
He gives up his education and takes.
She makes it a point to get education.
When Mallika the TV6 journalist knows Ganesha is different.
Becomes distant dream.
That is mainly.
The corporation councilor Wasim Khan is.
Ganesh on the verge of accepting the love faces the same situation.
This time Mallika is hit.
Lot of heads roll and the director takes the liberty of showing himself the protagonist as a cop in the end.
<EOS>
Tagore is a remade.
Ramana creates his own vigilante military network called the Anti-Corruption Force that eliminates the most corrupt individuals   in a systematic manner.
These killings  Balbir Singh  is specially summoned to head the task.
Pressure builds to track down the Man who masterminds.
He is aided.
Who   is compelled by his instincts to see through the underlying design.
Together they unravel the mystery and unveil the phenomenon called Tagore.
He can never make amends.
Before Badrinaryana  the human face  finds out that his revelry in the belief of Tagore s death was a mistake.
<EOS>
Linda wakes up one morning.
Her friend  Gale wants to know.
Her party went last night.
Linda tells her.
No one showed up.
Not a one.
Thus begins Denise Calls Up  the story.
Who no longer find it necessary to actually meet face to face due.
But Gale is less upset.
Her friend Barbara never got to meet Jerry.
Gale has been trying to set them up.
So she calls Barbara  chastising her and goading her into meeting Jerry.
She s just been too busy.
Meanwhile  Denise   locates the donor  Martin and decides to call him.
Who has gotten pregnant.
And  plans a New Year s Eve party.
It goes  as the characters   duck and miss each other time after time  using one excuse after the other to avoid meetings  births  and even a funeral until  finally  Frank determined to finally get everyone together.
All swear.
They will be there.
<EOS>
Five high school freshmen  Olivia White  Mohini Mo Banjaree  Charles Charlie Delgado  Stella Yamada  and Wendell Wen Gifford all meet.
Olivia sings Turn Up the Music.
The next day  the band forms.
They are unable to choose a band name.
Olivia gets cornered by Ray Beech  lead singer of a rival band  Mudslide Crush.
Who begins questioning and bullying her.
The rest lemonade onto Ray.
Ray refers to Stella.
Olivia  the narrator  states  And that is.
We got our band name.
The band is later shocked to see.
The unique lemonade machine  Mel s Organic Lemonade  is scheduled.
The school principal Brenigan moved all extracurricular activities to make room for a new gymnasium.
She is devastated and leaves him.
When Mo sees her boyfriend  Scott Picket  the guitarist  heavily flirting with another girl.
Meanwhile  Olivia and Wen meet to work.
Lemonade Mouth performs Determinate.
Stella makes a speech opposing Brenigan s decisions and encouraging self-expression to the supportive crowd.
Angered  Principal Brenigan shuts them down and calls them.
He compliments their talent  but forbids them from playing at school again.
The next day  the band sees posters and banners.
Raises their spirits.
They also discover.
Determinate is playing.
Wen injures his eye.
After  however  things go downhill  Mo gets sick  Charlie breaks his fingers.
Olivia loses her voice.
Stella calls everyone.
Where she is protesting the removal.
The group gets another and fight with the men removing the lemonade machine.
Police arrive.
They are brought.
The band agrees to stick together and perform at Rising Star.
Though they realize that they will not win the competition.
Mudslide Crush performs Do nt Ya.
Wish U Were Us.
Lemonade Mouth takes the stage and tries to perform Determinate.
No one can play  due to their injuries.
Discouraged  they start to leave.
The audience then begins to sing Determinate together.
Fed up leaves Mudslide Crush and plays with Stella  joining Lemonade Mouth.
They stand together  watching the audience sing for them.
Olivia reveals.
Although they did not win the competition  they won something bigger that night.
Things start patching up again  Mo and Scott get back together  Charlie   accepts this and decides to aim his attention at a girl.
Who had previously liked Mo.
Who likes him.
Wen accepts his new stepmother.
The man sitting next to Stella tells her and now runs an organic lemonade company.
He was once.
Has recently become very successful.
Stella recognizes him.
He agrees to donate a music hall.
Reznik and everything works out.
Olivia mails the entire story.
Whom she has not seen because he is in prison.
The film closes.
An extended version includes an interview.
<EOS>
A car pulls up to an historical marker in the desert.
Reads  ROCKY MOUNTAIN  also known.
A detachment of Confederate cavalry crossed the state line into California under secret orders from Gen.
Robert E.
Lee to rendezvous Cole Smith  with instructions to place the flag atop the mountain.
The heroism displayed the cause.
Their mission failed.
Which they fought so valiantly.
Eight horsemen trek  arriving at Ghost Mountain.
Led encounter a man calling himself California Beal  an envoy from Cole Smith.
Barstow s mission is to persuade Smith and his 500 men to raid California as a last desperate effort to turn the tide of the war.
The men see a Shoshone war party attack a stagecoach.
Barstow s men charge and drive after the stage overturns  rescuing driver Gil Craigie and the only surviving passenger  Johanna Carter  traveling to join her fiance  Union Army officer Lt.
Rickey.
That night  the Indians burn the stage.
Next morning  a detachment examine the ashes.
Barstow s men ambush the detachment  killing one and capturing the rest.
Rickey.
Barstow learns.
The Union knows and that California Beal is actually Cole Smith himself.
Smith leaves  promising to return.
Craigie talks scouts and learns.
They are really a chief  Man Dog  and his sons.
He warns Barstow.
They will escape and return.
That night   the Indians try to escape.
Jimmy is.
The soldiers kill two.
Man Dog evades their bullets.
Rickey suggests.
He take Johanna before the Indians arrive.
Barstow  however  hopes.
Smith s men will come before the Indians do and rejects the suggestion.
Rickey s men jump their guards.
One dies.
Another recaptured  but Rickey makes his escape.
The Southerners find a riderless horse but it turns out to be Smith s  not Rickey s.
They realize.
Help is not coming.
Barstow decides to use all his men to lure the Indians away.
The greatly outnumbered Rebels ride and turn to fight  charging the Shoshone.
Rickey returns with a troop of Union cavalry.
Johanna tells Rickey.
What has happened.
The cavalry attempt to save Barstow s men but are too late  all the Southerners have been killed.
Rickey raises their rebel flag to salute the bravery of their fallen foes.
<EOS>
Three amateur thieves plot to kidnap a wealthy Chettiar s son.
They do a trial run.
The guy is hospitalized.
Whose job is to operate a crane.
The services -LRB- Kamal Haasan  brother of Kovai Sarala  a deaf stunt man performing daredevil bike acts is roped in.
Twists and turns take place.
Where the other two gang members are hurt.
Invariably our Mumbai Xpress is left to perform the task.
He kidnaps a wrong boy Daddu  the illegitimate son and police officer Rao  but manages to get a huge ransom from Chettiar by default.
A brawl takes place in handling Ahalya s child.
Avinasi delivers the child unhurt.
He eavesdrops.
Where Rao wants to settle both the ransom and sever his ties.
Ahalya pleads and coaxes him to help her get the ransom.
Rao is willing to pay.
The child takes a fancy and wants him to be the man in their life  and gets him to agree.
Ahalaya wants either Rao s or Chettiar s money and wants to be that protective person.
Avinasi is holding  whereas Avinasi is.
Rao appoints Chettiar to handle the ransom and.
What follows is a series.
<EOS>
The film begins.
He tells.
He grew up.
He says.
Freedom hardly exists.
But one thing is he sure  the time he spent with Kenta and Stoffe.
The other mods were the most enjoyable time.
The interview cuts running through the streets of Stockholm filmed with a fisheye lens.
Later we see them walking around.
They meet friends and go.
The workers get ridiculed.
Who are passing.
Another friend talks about.
Alcohol will destroy them.
But.
He does nt worry much right now.
The filmmakers have fixed a small apartment.
Is a big difference.
Kenta and Stoffe talk.
Stoffe s father drank.
Himself broke and died.
Kenta s father tried to strangle him.
But Stoffe also remembers.
He thought it was fun to play when he was little.
We see the two guys go  an  a club for young people.
Stoffe likes to be  but tells Eva.
Who he sleeps  that he wants her for himself.
Kenta and Stoffe make a musical performance.
Where they play a song.
It is now winter and a trip.
They plan to visit Stoffe s childhood friend Ingmar.
They drink beer  smoke pot and make jokes.
The mood is high.
But they ca nt stay  the difference from Stockholm is too big.
Stoffe thinks nothing happens.
There is Peter   and Lunkan.
Who earns 400 kronor a day.
Who got hepatitis.
It s summer.
Kenta and Stoffe are not working and have nowhere to live.
Their friendship is being worn down.
Kenta does nt think.
Stoffe is a good friend anymore.
Not since he started seeing Eva.
One night the guys goes searching to stay in.
They start arguing and Stoffe leaves.
Kenta finds an empty stairwell and lays himself down  opens up a beer and starts reading a cartoon magazine.
The same night Stoffe gets taken care.
<EOS>
The film is set.
Top-billed Anthony Quinn plays a male nurse  assigned to care.
The leader is heavily guarded around the clock.
But Quinn manages to kidnap his patient  leading and occasionally confusing plot twists.
<EOS>
Mabel and her beau go and are joined by Charlie and his friend.
The friend gets stuck.
Charlie s friend is attempting to enter the raceway.
A policeman shows up.
<EOS>
Pinky Saxena  a mere child  has been traumatized  at the hands of Jhakha and Shakha  so much and has to be institutalized.
She is hysterical.
Her only relative is Raja Saxena.
Who has sworn to avenge this killing.
He begins.
He is accepted by Shakha.
Preparations are made to be introduced to Jhakha.
Johnny is apprehended and arrested.
He could meet Jhakha.
Who has also sworn.
Raja is able to get away  with a false identification.
Will this escapade result  or will they merely entangle him hopelessly with Inspector Shekar and the law.
<EOS>
Mary Giordano is a bright  intelligent student.
Who goes.
She is addicted.
Inspire her to do her own detective work.
It gets her.
When she starts snooping around.
Mary teams up.
The two work together to find the murderer and seem to have feelings.
But  the more danger she puts herself.
The closer Mary gets.
<EOS>
This is a story.
He is not having much luck finding work  clients or projects.
He was a top student.
All seems to go wrong.
He does.
Raj goes.
She advises him.
His luck is not good.
He needs a lucky charm or a person.
Who can change his life.
Afterwards  Raj meets Priya.
Who is ready to help the citizens by trying to save a community center.
Raj eventually realizes.
They do not get along at first.
Priya is his lucky charm.
Priya ends up helping Raj.
Raj eventually figures out.
She is   changing his life.
Knowing this  Raj lies by telling her.
He will help her save the community center.
Instead  he is trying to build a shopping mall there.
He can finally be recognized.
He also falls with Priya.
She too falls.
However   she becomes very upset and hurt.
When Priya finds out the truth.
To make up  Raj sells everything he has  not caring about his job.
He proposes a plan to save the community center and ends up winning Priya s love and admiration.
Raj s life changes.
Priya and Raj finally get together.
He becomes prosperous.
<EOS>
The Sooryavansh family has ruled the village communities and its people justly and fairly.
Current generation is headed.
Who is feared and respected.
He has 3 sons  the youngest named.
Heera is treated because he is the most illiterate of the family.
He will not have anything to do.
Heera is an obedient son and always respectful despite his father s indifference.
His father  Gauri  and even more angered.
Is enraged when Heera proposes to marry his childhood sweetheart.
When Heera backs down promising never to marry again.
Unknown  Gauri refuses to marry an illiterate and makes.
Heera promise that he will not marry her.
Radha enters his life  understanding his gentle and kind manner  she loves and proposes to marry him.
She encourages Heera to live independently  and to help set up his own business.
Heera is completely disowned by his father Thakur for breaking his promise of lifelong bachelorhood.
Heera and Radha leave the village to live.
Heera becomes a successful businessman  and Radha an important government officer.
Soon  they are blessed.
Heera successfully fulfills.
What was once his father s dream  a charitable hospital.
Thakur comes to know  and meets him secretly without anyone knowing.
One day  he is rushed  apparently poisoned by food sent to him by Heera.
Heera becomes the prime suspect.
It is revealed.
The person responsible was Thakur s arch nemesis  Khewara Thakur.
Khewara Thakur and Bhanupratap have a face-off with Heera helping to eliminate the enemy.
Rekha has given her voice for Radha and the mother of Heera.
This film was the remake with Sarath Kumar in the place of Amitabh Bachchan.
& remake with Venkatesh in the place of Amitabh Bachchan.
<EOS>
Sridhar Vasudevan is a middle-class family man employed.
Sridhar is very idealistic  principled and recognises a deep sense.
He is part.
He gets annoyed and flustered.
His wife persistently demands.
He should be more ` flexible  and make more money.
Sridhar does not accede.
He endures the illegal and semi legal activities.
He anticipates a change.
He feels.
They will become more honest  socially aware and willing to make small personal sacrifices for the greater good of all.
Sridhar s wife Vatsala is a typical middle-class housewife and a caring mother.
Societal imperfections and related problems matter very little.
She is more concerned  thinking about ways to save him from the effects of his angry outbursts and to steer him away from his impractical thoughts and deeds.
Sridhar faces a case of deceit.
Compels him to take action.
Provoked  Sridhar decides to retaliate for wrongs done to him  violently.
Required. 
He picks up a cricket bat and smashes the shop.
When charged two rupees extra.
Sridhar progresses  taking the law in his own hands and tries bringing about instant changes.
Wherever needed.
A string occur  he thrashes the Area Counseller  the insincere hospital employees  water-supplier and many more.
Sridhar s anger goes.
Who do not follow norms created.
The director has presented Sridhar.
Who   tolerates them to avoid getting his settled routine disturbed.
Sridhar is termed as a criminal  harmful to his fellow men.
Inspector Vetri Maran is appointed to shoot him.
Vetri Maran   feels bad.
Not. 
He is a good-hearted cop  and inwardly feels justified.
He comes  personally approves his action  then arranges for the ` encounter killing.
Sridhar is shot dead by the Inspector Vetri Maran.
<EOS>
New York begins in 2008  with the arrest by the FBI of Omar he owned.
Guns were found.
Omar  a young Muslim man  is then taken into custody and interrogated by FBI Agent Roshan.
Omar then discovers.
He was set up in order to force him to spy on a former college friend  Sam or Samir Sheikh  whom he has nt seen in seven years and who the FBI believes is a terrorist.
Omar discovers.
Sam has married Maya  another college friend  and that they have a young son  Danyal.
Roshan orders Omar to tell him everything.
He knows.
The film then flashes back.
When Omar begins his studies.
He is befriended and learns.
Though she was born and raised  she is fluent in Hindi because of her mother s interest in Bollywood films.
Omar also meets Sam  another Indian American.
Who is also Muslim and fluent that his father is a professor of Indian studies.
All three become inseparable friends.
Gradually Omar falls with Maya.
However  he distances himself.
When Omar realizes that she loves Sam.
Their carefree days finally end.
Omar agrees to help Roshan  if only to prove.
Both he and Sam are innocent.
He reunites and stays in their house  all the while spying for the FBI.
Omar learns  Zilgai overcome his experience.
Maya is a civil rights activist who is helping one.
Zilgai was eventually released and has been having difficulty adjusting back to normal life.
Omar feels satisfied and is ready to leave.
Time progresses.
He can find nothing to warrant the FBI s suspicions.
When a series forces him to reconsider.
Omar learns from Sam  a charge was incorrect.
Sam was arrested and detained for a period of nine months as a suspected terrorist.
Everyone   now agree.
The impact changed Sam in ways  leaving him with feelings of deep resentment towards the FBI.
He was eventually released.
Are difficult.
Omar thus finds.
Sam ultimately resorted as a means of revenge.
Maya is unable to help Zilgai resolve the trauma of being a detainee.
Zilgai becomes agitated.
A routine traffic stop escalates and an NYPD police officer gives Maya a very rough full-body search.
He drops Maya and eventually kills the police officer the same night.
Zilgai leads the police on a long chase ultimately ending in his suicide.
The climax rests upon the attempts of Maya  Omar  and Roshan to prevent Sam from committing an act of violence by telling him.
If he perpetuates violence  others will suffer as he has.
Finally convinced  Sam surrenders and aborts his attempt to bomb the FBI building.
However  the moment he drops his.
He is shot and killed.
The cell phone falls benign without activating anything.
Maya   is also killed.
Who was running.
Omar  bereft  breaks down.
He is later comforted.
Who tells him.
Omar has adopted Danyal.
Roshan has received a commendation.
They confront and reconcile each other.
The film ends.
<EOS>
The Englishwoman Sasha lives.
Who is often away.
One day   the drifter Tatiana appears and asks her for permission to erect her tent in the garden.
When Sasha is home alone.
Sasha eventually allows her this and both women begin to develop a relationship with each other.
Sasha decides to go shopping and leaves Sioffra.
She finally invites Tatiana.
When   she finds everything in order.
Though she is irritated.
He finds an empty house.
When Sasha s husband comes home.
Lies Sasha bound and dead.
Tatiana holds the crying Sioffra.
Is leaving the island.
<EOS>
Shivaraj Arasu is residing abroad.
He is extremely good.
Person and opulence is very common thing.
He is asked to come by his manager Ramanna to take up the progress of various companies he heads.
He is not able to adjust to the mediocre life led by people.
He accidentally sees Shruthi and proposes for marriage saying ` ILY.
Shruthi is not ready to accept this offer.
Shivaraj Urs goes.
He finds.
She is the daughter.
Shruthi gives a caustic remark on the attitude of Shivaraj group of companies and ask him to earn Rs.
5000 without using his influence.
This striking remark startles Shivaraj Urs.
He takes up the challenge.
Now struggles hard.
He keeps.
He would give.
The hotelier feels.
He has lost mental balance.
He finds an old lady selling bananas.
He repeats the same and eats two bananas and promises Rs.
2 lakhs after month.
He finds an ordinary girl Aishwarya.
The muscle power.
When the rowdies attack her.
Shivaraj also gets a job.
Where Aishwarya is working.
He finds a place to live.
Aishwarya turns very sympathetic.
Shivaraj decides to stay month.
Shivaraj sleeps.
His wonderful behavior and lot gives him a comfortable standing.
He owes a lot.
Has changed his life style.
He is extremely happy for supporting him in knowing the hard realities in life.
Now the phase three.
Sruthi is also in love with Shivaraj.
Ready to marry him.
Sruthi and Aishwarya are very good friends.
Shivaraj is not aware.
Aishwarya is.
Aishwarya declares.
She is with Shivaraj that surprises her.
Now Sruthi decides to give up his love.
Aishwarya knowing also comes forward for sacrifice of her love.
Sruthi is ready.
Not knowing takes a bold step.
What to do the intelligent Shivaraj.
He convinces both for the marriage with two of his good friends Darshn and Aditya.
Both Sruthi and Aishwarya get deceived.
This is.
Where the audience also get baffled.
Two good friends Darshan and Aditya have taken acceptance to find a girl.
Comes Shreya saying ` ILY  to Shivaraj.
<EOS>
Karunakar  Malli and Chandu are close friends.
Each has individual goals.
Karunakar is with his cousin.
Whose father wants him to get a government job first.
Malli dreams.
He gets his passport  while Chandu aims to set up a Computer training centre and is.
The trio enjoy life hanging out together.
Karunakar s friend Santosh  son  is in love with his family s arch rival s daughter.
The three friends come forward to unite these love birds.
Karunakar loses job and misses his cousin  Malli loses his hearing.
Chandu has his leg amputated.
10 days later  the married lovers seek divorce.
The friends   now teach them a lesson.
Who sacrificed so much to unite them.
<EOS>
Larry Poole  a self-described troubadour  is approached by an inmate named Hart.
Who is to the electric chair.
Hart asks Larry to deliver a letter.
The family  which consists  reveals that the condemned man had unintentionally killed Patsy s father and that he is giving the Smith family his old house and former hideout  the only thing.
Susan Sprague represents the county welfare department.
It is her job to see  or the girl will go.
Patsy is raised properly.
A variety befall Larry.
He tries to help Gramps out to save her from the orphanage  all while Susan and he are falling in love.
To get cash  Larry gets a stunt job at the circus  but is injured.
Comes to let him know.
He is.
The county has taken Patsy away.
Larry believes.
Susan went and had Patsy placed in the orphanage.
It is discovered.
Susan had no part.
She loses her job defending Larry and his care.
Larry has the circus perform.
That he can ` break Patsy out.
When Patsy lets Larry know how Susan feels.
Their attempt to free Patsy fails.
Afterwards  Larry founds out.
Susan has gone.
He goes there to find her.
Susan is approached looking for Larry  not to arrest him  but to bring him back to the head of the County Welfare Department to help deal with Patsy.
She suspects.
Who has gone.
The policemen are watching Susan s apartment.
Larry will show up.
They make him leave.
When he does.
He and Susan reveal their feelings.
The head begs Larry to help them with Patsy.
When they return.
Larry agrees to adopt Patsy and raise her.
Who agrees to marry him and be a mother.
<EOS>
Vidal is about to be bankrupt  so he sets up a fake car robbery.
But his perfect plan becomes entangled to the mob and the meddling of a rogue insurance investigator  and his wife to bring down the mob and expose the corruption.
Who eventually strikes a deal and decides to team up with him.
Links a high-ranking executive.
<EOS>
Wealthy restauranteur Harvey Howard  a self-made man  widower and owner  decides to go back to college at the age of 51 and earn a bachelors degree.
He faces opposition  as well as a generation gap between himself and his much-younger fellow students.
The first day.
He finds that just convincing older students  faculty and the admin personnel.
He enrolls and receives freshman rooming  and is up front.
Being assigned a quad rooming arrangement  this sets the standard.
Dealing.
Making. 
First toast juice to seal their bond to complete their four years together.
The President s welcoming speech sets the tone.
Harvey has to convince the Physical Ed coach.
He has what it takes to compete.
Another frosh challenge is the bonfire.
Must exceed the height.
Harvey meets the French professor  Helen Gauthier.
When removing a supporting wooden chair.
The bonfire s total height comes up a foot short  Harvey climbs his three-foot chair  a very brave and daunting achievement.
Having two brilliant roommates and jock Gil Sparrow  the academic rigors are always fuel.
Science Professor Thayer  is haphazard  and suffers.
Numerous comedic moments  chemicals that take  pairs of wires that should never be brought near each other during a storm  zap.
Improving one s skating skills.
Sophomore year again has Harvey being berated and puts up.
By his children  the school s beat reporter is there to welcome him.
Harvey is off to meet his last year s roommates and the requisite toast.
He is asked to join their fraternity and has the usual hazing period  polishing shoes  washing floors and the most challenging  dressing and getting a retired colonel to sign his dance card at a costume ball.
To endure.
The elderly southern gentleman is suffering a gout attack.
His social climbing children are attending the same event.
He so discombobulates him.
Dancing. 
His dress is torn  and while having it fixed in the ladies lounge he floors his daughter.
Back.
The band leader to play Dixie.
The sputtering Colonel has him autograph his dance card  throws his wig into his lap and rushes the exit.
The rest is full of great football by Gil  academic pressure and more antics by Prof.
Thayer.
Junior year starts.
Only T.
J.
Padmanagham likes.
The Smokehouse maitre D does nt like one bit of this.
His first task is to rudely challenge the group to order their meals.
Is fine who orders Harvey Burgers with special sauce for the lot.
Burdick sneers back  Bob Bannerman chimes in  it s later.
It s too early.
You think.
The burgers arrive and are dry  carbonized and inedible.
Harvey   calls Burdick over to take them back  Burdick challenges Harvey to do better.
Who stands.
He does.
Burdick watching Harvey jump at the grill catches Harvey Howard s full name and faints.
Burdick completes eating a burger prepared and becomes a transformed Harvey employee  hilarious.
Year Harvey had hired Professor Gauthier to tutor him at Nags-head  his children in turn complain to the college.
It appears.
Gauthier has to resign to save face.
The students protest and the President delays any action.
Senior Year  Harvey shows up gathers and toast their final year  both Harvey and Gil are still hitting the books hard  with some success.
Hay rides and a smooth procession towards graduation.
Harvey is.
She coyly asks he like to marry her  he stammers  but the gauntlet is cast.
Him would.
Harvey is the Class.
His speech covers.
All the bases  why he challenged himself to find a greater purpose  put up.
One final challenge is.
Them to never quit and say something like I could no sooner do that  than I could fly  a perfect entry.
A wink  a smile to all  the end.
<EOS>
Uphill battle faces a mixed-race couple.
Who wants to be a singer and Tony  a white young man  who is a struggling actor.
They are confronted.
They both believe that race should not be an issue if two people love and respect one another.
To make matters worse  Tony becomes the target.
Who believes inter-racial relationships are a slap.
Debbie meets a good looking black man and finds herself wondering all the trouble.
Her relationship is worth.
DVD Movie Central  Review.
<EOS>
Janie Barlow is a young dancer.
Who is reduced.
Arrested  she s bailed out by millionaire playboy Tod Newton.
Who was attracted.
Tod intercedes to get her the job  he ll put his money into the show.
When she tries to get a part.
Janie is given a part.
Patch is resistant.
Though he needs the money.
He sees Janie dance and realizes her talent.
- replacing Vivian Warner - Tod is afraid.
When   Janie is elevated to the star s part.
He ll lose any chance.
She becomes a star  so he closes the show  and Janie  out  goes away with him.
Patch starts rehearsals up again using his own money.
She dumps him and joins up  to put on the show.
When Janie returns and finds out the Tod has deceived her and manipulated things.
Is a smash hit.
<EOS>
Jennifer s husband is committing adultery.
Maryanne s boss treats her like dirt.
The women decide to kill each other s men.
Jennifer goes through.
Maryanne backs out.
Jennifer  enraged  will not rest.
Maryanne lives up.
<EOS>
A rich and wealthy couple  Shankarlal and Parvati are appalled in households  so they decide to try to make things right - one household at a time.
They first go the household  his domineering mom  and uneducated wife  Veena.
Their second task takes them.
Who has taken.
The couple go to work to turn them around and improve and better their relations with each other.
<EOS>
Shyama is a free spirit.
Who lost her parents.
She becomes attached to her grandfather and uncle.
She is brought.
She used to flirt.
She becomes friendly.
Who falls with her.
However  she moves away.
Later  Hemanth discovers Shyama does love him.
However  Shyama is not willing.
She is told that either she or Hemachandran will die.
The story continues to tell.
They overcome this obstacle.
<EOS>
A peaceful village suddenly turns violent.
When a certain stranger walks.
He enters.
He manages to escape and then is chased by them.
<EOS>
The film opens.
Joe OReilly attempts to console Kitty Kiernan  who is mourning the death.
The film flashes back  as Collins  Harry Boland  eamon de Valera  and other survivors surrender to the British Army.
Collins tells Boland that next time  We wo nt play.
The Dublin Metropolitan Police s G Division identifies the leaders.
We ll invent our own.
All the other leaders die.
De Valera  an American citizen  is imprisoned.
Collins  Boland  and the others are sent.
Collins runs for a seat in the First Dail.
The rally is attacked.
Giving a speech.
Collins is severely beaten  but is rescued.
They meet Kitty.
Recovering. 
Who begins a romance.
Collins is tipped off.
The British plan to arrest de Valera and his Cabinet.
However  de Valera forbids anyone to go  stating.
The ensuing public outcry will force their immediate release.
Only Collins and Boland escape arrest and imprisonment.
There are no protests.
Left  Collins orders barracks for weapons.
The IRA to begin raiding police.
He also issues a statement.
All collaboration will be punished by death.
Collins then recruits a squad.
Assassinates fourteen members of MI5 s Cairo Gang.
The Black and Tans fire into the crowd at a Gaelic football match at Croke Park.
Broy is caught burning documents and killed.
Later  Boland and Collins travel and break de Valera out of Lincoln prison.
Angry  de Valera announces.
Collins has overshadowed him.
He will travel to seek recognition from Woodrow Wilson.
Orders Boland to accompany him.
Collins informs Boland.
They depart.
De Valera fears leaving them alone together.
De Valera decrees.
The IRA must attack The Custom House.
Collins argues.
Fighting conventionally will allow the British to win.
The Irish Cabinet votes to support de Valera.
The attack fails catastrophically  leaving six men dead and seventy captured.
Collins declares.
The IRA can only hold out.
He tells Boland.
The IRA will be lucky to hold out.
However  the British soon call for a cease fire.
Collins is ordered to participate in negotiations with the British  despite objecting.
He is not a diplomat.
De Valera erupts upon learning.
The terms have been published.
Collins argues.
The Treaty gives them the freedom to achieve the Republic.
De Valera and his supporters resign.
The Dail approves the Treaty.
Both Collins and de Valera try to sway the Irish people.
Collins is attacked during a rally  but escapes.
He asks Kitty Kiernan to marry him.
She accepts.
De Valera refuses to accept the results and orders.
When the people vote to approve the Treaty.
The IRA to seize the Four Courts.
Ordered to retake the Four Courts  Collins is appalled at having to fight former comrades.
Arthur Griffith  however  informs him.
If the Irish Free State Army will not deal  the British Army will.
The IRA is driven from the city.
Boland is shot by a sentry while trying to swim the Liffey.
Devastated  Collins travels to County Cork.
He reaches out  asking for a peace conference.
The intermediary informs Collins.
De Valera will meet him.
IRA men open fire.
A convoy approaches.
Collins is shot and killed.
Kitty is informed just after trying on her wedding gown.
Completing his story  OReilly tells Kitty.
Collins would not want her to mourn as long as she has.
The film ends from Collins  funeral.
A eulogy states.
Although a career soldier  Collins died.
<EOS>
Mossad agent Rachel Singer arrives in East Berlin to meet with fellow agents David Peretz and Stefan Gold.
Their mission is to capture Nazi war criminal Dieter Vogel - infamously known on Jews during World War II - and bring him to Israel to face justice.
Rachel and David present themselves.
Rachel plants herself.
Both Stefan and David develop an attraction.
Rachel shows a preference  yet sleeps with Stefan.
After David rebukes her advances.
This tryst leads.
Stefan also reveals.
David lost his entire family.
Rachel injects Vogel with a sedative during an examination and induces the nurse to believe.
Vogel suffered a heart attack.
Stefan and David arrive dressed.
Make off  barely ahead of the real ambulance team.
The trio attempt their exfiltration at Wollankstrabe Station  on a rail line along the sector boundary between East and West Berlin  and next to a mail depot.
Alerting East German guards.
They prepare to load Vogel he suddenly awakens and sounds the horn of the stolen mail truck where he was being held.
David sacrifices his chance to escape.
Order to collect a compromised Rachel.
The agents are left.
To bring Vogel and plan a new extraction.
The agents take.
Turns monitoring Vogel  who attempts to psychologically humiliate and intimidate them.
David becomes violent  making them easily subdued.
Vogel explains his beliefs that Jews had many weaknesses.
David breaks a plate and repeatedly beats him only to be stopped by Stefan.
Vogel manages to cut using a shard of the broken plate and ambushes Rachel with the shard  leaving her with a permanent scar on her face.
Rachel is.
He escapes.
The agents are left to assess their failure.
Panicked and hoping to save face himself.
Stefan convinces Rachel and David to go along with the fiction.
Vogel was killed.
They agree to lie and use the cover story.
Rachel shot and killed Vogel as he tried to flee.
The agents become venerated as national heroes for their roles in the mission.
At the home of Rachel and Stefan  Rachel confesses to David her distaste with her current life  Stefan puts his career and social status ahead of her while also punishing her for not loving him and having feelings for David.
David admits his intention to leave Mossad and the country  imploring Rachel to come.
Rachel can not bring herself to abandon her daughter and she and David part ways.
Rachel is honored by her daughter Sarah during a release party for Sarah s book based on the account.
Rachel  Stefan and David gave in.
Concurrently  David is escorted by an Israeli government agent for a debriefing.
David recognizes Stefan waiting and commits suicide by stepping in front of an oncoming truck.
Stefan takes Rachel aside to set a meeting to discuss new information.
Stefan has obtained.
Later   Stefan provides evidence.
Vogel now resides  and is soon scheduled to be interviewed by a respected journalist.
David had been investigating the man and  according to Stefan  killed himself out of fear.
The lie would be exposed.
Rachel refutes Stefan s explanation  recalling an encounter a day before his suicide.
Which he revealed his shame and disclosed that he had spent years unsuccessfully searching the world for Vogel.
He was further disheartened.
She would continue propagating the lie to protect those closest.
Nevertheless  Rachel finally feels compelled to travel.
Where she investigates the journalist s lead and identifies the asylum.
She reaches the room just minutes and discovers the man claiming to be Vogel.
Is an impostor  a senile old man who apparently fancies the notoriety.
Describing the encounter  Rachel declares.
She will not continue to lie.
She leaves a note and prepares to leave  but suddenly spots Vogel among the other patients and follows him to an isolated area of the hospital.
Which Vogel stabs her repeatedly.
Rachel s note is discovered and read.
She limps.
It describes the truth  ready to be relayed to the world.
<EOS>
The setting is.
Dale disguises herself as a man and takes the place of her father in an international car race through the Sahara.
Dale is taken prisoner  but is rescued by Jaffar.
However  more trouble awaits her.
She can finish the race.
Dale falls with Jaffar and marries him.
Rasoul ends up dying.
She wins the race  becoming the first woman to win this international car race.
<EOS>
Two circus performers are tasked.
They are beset by countless bandits.
<EOS>
Adivasi Mahua lives a poor lifestyle.
One day the local Poojary comes looking male  feeds him  and asks Mahua s dad to look after him.
This male has no memory.
They name him Kishan.
Shortly thereafter Mahua and Kishan fall and get married.
Kishan goes to the city and does not return home.
A frantic Mahua and her dad go to search for him albeit in vain and return home.
Mahua continues to worry and sets out on her own to try to locate him.
She meets.
Who informs her.
He recalls treating a male fitting Kishan s description.
Mahua travels and locates Kishan s house.
This is.
Where she will find out that Kishan now calls himself Mohan Khanna  who is very wealthy  lives but who now refuses to recognize her.
Is about to get formally engaged.
<EOS>
A team sets off into a island of Borneo to search for a blood orchid  a flower.
They believe can be used.
Jack Byron bribes him to take the path is safe.
The team s guide  Bill Johnson has misgivings about which path to take.
He does nt think.
The team ends up going and having to wade through the river.
A giant anaconda emerges.
The rest escapes the river.
Bill attempts to assure them.
It was the largest snake he s ever seen and that it should take weeks.
It to grow hungry again  however most demands that the expedition be called off.
The team decide to travel  John Livingston to see.
Who lives.
He can borrow his boat and his whale.
Bill tells Sam Rogers.
Traveling. 
Bill finds an infestation of leeches on Cole s back and burns all of them with his lighter.
Tran Wu finds a poisonous spider.
Jack decides to take the spider along and then everyone resumes the journey to the boat.
However  Livingston is killed into the riverbank.
The team sees an explosion and finds.
The boat wrecked and are disappointed.
They find.
Continuing their journey.
Livingston s chewed up corpse.
Bill realizes.
It must be mating season  which means all.
The team find themselves.
Where a disemboweled anaconda is displayed.
The team speculates.
The snakes are unusually large because their lives have been extended through the orchids  which are a part of the local food chain.
Jack says.
Since they must be close  they should press on.
However the others contend and still want to leave  so they start building an escape raft.
There is no evidence that the orchids will have the same effect.
Meanwhile  Gordon discovers and realizes.
Jack had secretly obtained Livingston s private case containing a radio and a gun.
He could have called long ago.
He paralyzes him using the spider.
When Jack is unable to convince him to allow the expedition to continue.
Sam discovers a paralyzed Gordon and notices the spider bite.
Jack joins the others.
An anaconda drops down and swallows Gordon alive.
Sam was interrogating Jack.
After she leaves the building.
The others arrive  so Bill sets the building.
As it finishes.
Jack uses the commotion to steal the raft.
They decide to bushwack.
No more material to make another raft.
They fall into a cave trying to escape an anaconda.
Cole gets lost and panics.
He runs.
Together they make their way back.
Tran falls through a hole in the cave floor.
Unable to escape  he is eaten.
The terrified Cole manage to make their way back  escaping the caves behind them seconds ahead of the snake.
It follows them  and attacks them.
Sam uses a machete to behead the snake.
Cole is captured.
The team follows and find him being constricted  but still alive.
Bill throws his knife and impales the snake  killing it and freeing Cole.
The group finds the raft.
As Jack finds the blood orchids  hanging precariously.
Jack shoots Bill  and forces the party to accompany him to the orchids.
He has Sam cross the pit to fill a backpack with orchids.
The log starts to crack.
She makes her way back.
Jack orders backpack.
Her to throw him the.
Sam counters to threaten to drop the flowers.
He drops the gun.
The log breaks.
She falls  landing halfway down the pit.
Jack tries to get the backpack.
The others help her climb out.
The spider escapes its jar and bites him.
He used to paralyze Gordon.
Jack falls and is devoured  as Sam and the others escape.
The female anaconda notices them.
Gail Stern tricks it.
Bill tries to shoot the container.
The gun is empty.
Cole shoots it  causing a chain reaction.
Kills the snakes  along as well.
Bill  Sam  Cole  Gail  and Bill s pet monkey Kong make it back and leave.
Bill suggests another shortcut.
They set off.
The others suggest.
They wo nt take the shortcut.
<EOS>
Yujiro Ishihara is a young yachtsman.
Who impulsively decides to sail to San Francisco.
He encounters a ship with American passengers.
He talks in broken English and realises.
He does not have a passport.
He receives  but is scolded by the Japanese consulate.
A hero s welcome.
<EOS>
Tien / is held captive being beaten with wooden staves.
His elbows and knees are snapped.
Tien s guerilla fighters attempt to free Tien.
Lord Rajasena sleeps.
Bhuti Sangkha appears and kills them.
Lord Rajasena offers to hire Bhuti.
He refuses and gives the offer to remove the curse.
Has been placed before leaving.
Rajasena orders his men to kill Tien.
A man arrives  indicating.
This can be carried out.
He will take Tien s corpse  much.
The messenger returns Tien s body.
Who are.
Pim revives Tien  but finds.
Tien is still crippled.
Tien then embarks with the help of Master Bua.
Rajasena visits Bhuti.
Bhuti reveals his true motive.
Bhuti decapitates Rajasena  but his severed head curses Bhuti.
Tien returns to his village to find it in ruins  and the surviving villagers kidnapped and enslaved by Bhuti.
Bhuti uses his magic to summon an eclipse.
She is taken.
When Pim reveals herself.
Where she is killed.
Tien witnesses this killing and fights his way through the guards before confronting Bhuti.
Who launches a spear.
He remembers Bua s words  and finds himself again.
He falls  defeated.
Overcoming Bhuti s illusion  lightning strikes and Bhuti s eclipse magic is dispelled.
Bhuti attempts to escape but is confronted.
Bhuti attempts again to throw a spear.
Who catches and throws it aside.
Tien s upright finger tips hold Bhuti aloft by his chin.
Suddenly an elephant s trunk butts the doors  causing Bhuti to fall from Tien s grasp.
Bhuti falls.
The camera pans.
We watch Bhuti dying.
The elephant  now resembling the one tusk Ganesha  raises his head.
He breaths his last breath.
Beginning life anew   the final scene opens.
Tien  Pim and the remaining villagers  pray.
<EOS>
-LCB- -LCB- very long -RCB- -RCB- are being held.
The remedial math class contains thirteen girls and a nervous teacher named Ozawa.
Tomoko looks outside to see the school s brass band.
Nakamura wants to quit the band but is unable to follow through.
The band leaves.
Moments later  the lunch truck arrives.
Tomoko  wanting to escape math  decides to deliver the lunches.
Tomoko eats a bento.
They fall asleep and miss their stop.
They lose some while dodging a train.
They meet Nakamura and pass out the lunches.
Nakamura demands to know.
Where his lunch is.
Tomoko says.
She does nt know.
He then discovers rice.
He also notices.
The band is sick as the lunches spoiled.
All 42 and their teacher go.
Tomoko watches it and is petrified.
The next day Nakamura holds an audition.
He gets.
Two punks and a shy girl named Sekiguchi  who plays the recorder.
Nakamura is desperate.
He hears Tomoko and the other girls outside.
He stomps out and berates them.
They messed up the lunches.
He tells them.
They must fill in.
The girls try to refuse.
Nakamura threatens to rat them out.
They do nt join.
To escape math the girls reluctantly join.
The girls start to clown around  except for Sekiguchi.
Nakamura has no control.
Sekiguchi accidentally knocks.
One rolls.
Who hates Nakamura.
Nakamura realizes.
Being confronted.
He can turn the girls as they are 8 people short of a brass band.
He realizes.
Teaching brass band instruments will not be easy  as it needs to be done in time for the game next week.
Nakamura trains.
The week rolls on.
Them physically to improve their lungs.
Sekiguchi alone strolls.
Tomoko faces some conflicts  but realizes.
She must get along.
The girls run through a jazz piece and are pretty good at it  although a little squeaky in some places.
All 42 brass band members walk in and take over again.
They marvel.
Everyone is eager to get out.
They break down.
The girls step out.
They realize that they liked playing.
Tomoko passes.
When school starts up again.
The band members run.
She asks the band teacher.
What happen.
She tells her.
He finally quit.
The band teacher offers Tomoko a chance to play.
She begins to accept  but.
She enters the room she sees Sekiguchi.
Remembering  Tomoko leaves.
Cruelly she treated her back when the band was still.
She sells her computer and her little sister s PS2 to buy a used sax.
A while later all the girls meet to discuss.
To raise some money to buy new instruments.
Some ideas are brought up but they are unfeasible.
Nakamura s family is well to do.
He s afraid he ll get a beating.
Finally they settle  they decide to get jobs.
The girls work  and raise a lot of money.
Tomoko loses most.
When she has to pay damages.
A shocking secret is discovered.
The girls leave.
When it is learned that everyone  her best friend Yoshie  Sekiguchi  and Naomi have spent all of their hard-earned money on designer clothes.
The girls run off to continue the band on their own.
Who spent their money.
They decide to go pick matsutake mushrooms.
Though  there is a trespassing fine.
Forest rangers are heading.
They try to escape.
A boar attacks them.
Naomi climbs up a tree and falls down.
The boar is killed.
The rangers find them.
They are rewarded.
They buy the instruments.
They turn out to be broken and old.
However  the punks take them.
Their playing skills however remain poor.
They find.
The math teacher Ozawa is a jazz fan who plays sax.
They play.
They got fired.
The others see this  and are so moved.
Had left.
They rejoin the band.
Tomoko tells the others.
They convince Ozawa to conduct.
They go to record an audition tape.
They leave Tomoko.
She forgets to send it.
She turns it but gets a rejection.
She decides not to tell anyone.
Nakamura discovers and was privately taking lessons.
Ozawa is not really a professional sax player.
Embarrassed  Ozawa confessed and only learned to play to impress the school s music teacher.
He was never a good sax player.
He makes.
Nakamura swear that he will never tell a soul.
He also decides to back out.
Tomoko sits alone in another car.
Nakamura decides to go over and cheer her up.
She says  so Nakamura tells them for her.
The others think it s a confession.
She did not have the heart to tell anyone.
Crushes their spirit.
To make matters worse  the train is delayed.
The band teacher finds them and rushes them  they have a spot.
Another band could not make the competition.
They spill out  causing the audience much amusement.
As the announcer declares they would not attend.
They set up and play a 15-minute concert.
Ozawa conducts.
Wooing the crowd.
The punks  boyfriends try to get them to notice them.
The performance turns out to be a success.
<EOS>
Young foster children Roger and his friend J.
P.
Love to sneak.
Roger asks.
When they will be a family again.
His father replies sarcastically  I d say.
When the Angels win the pennant.
Taking his father s words literally  Roger prays to help the Angels win.
A star  unseen  twinkles in the sky.
He prays.
Then.
Roger and J.
P.
Attend  he sees a group.
Everyone else can only explain the seemingly impossible acts.
Roger can see the angels quite clearly.
Roger s unique ability to see leads the Angel s skeptical manager  George Knox to keep Roger around.
Players are receiving help.
The Angels start to win games and make a surprising second-half surge to the top of their division.
Unfortunately  Roger s father permanently gives up custody.
Laments his loss  J.
P.
Accidentally reveals broadcaster Ranch Wilder.
Roger has the ability to see angels  and that Knox has been winning.
Ranch  hoping to destroy Knox informs the press.
Hank Murphy threatens to terminate Knox that angels are helping the team.
Roger comes clean.
The entire Angels team defend Knox.
Moved  Murphy allows Knox to remain as coach of the California Angels.
None of the Angels show up to help the team.
Later on Al explains.
Championships must be played from the Angels and that he was just checking Mel Clark who will be one of them soon.
Clark has been in  but is getting tired after 159 pitches.
Everyone thinks.
When Coach Knox goes in.
He is going in to take him out.
Instead  Knox gives Clark some motivation.
The Angels ultimately win the final game without the help of the angels and clinch the division pennant over the rival Chicago White Sox.
Murphy fires Wilder due.
The movie ends.
P.
J.
P.
Sees Al and knew.
It could happen.
Al circles and says.
We re always watching and flying off.
<EOS>
Manhattan socialite Alison Hawkins returns home from the evening s festivities.
She is strangled by an undetected intruder with a blue ribbon.
She feeds her fish.
It is the latest murder.
Who has been terrorizing New York.
New York Mayor Flynn is frustrated in tracking down the killer  and tells NYPD commissioner Frank Starkey to get -LSB- his -RSB- brother  and get him now.
They both know Nick is the only man brilliant enough to catch this killer.
This is a controversial assignment.
Two years ago  Nick was disgraced  and expelled from the force.
Frank goes to find Nick.
Who has become a firefighter.
Frank talks Nick.
He be able to cook dinner the next night.
Christine and Nick have dinner.
Old wounds are opened.
Had been evidence that Frank was involved.
Police Captain Alcoa is not happy  having despised his attitude but respected his abilities as a detective  but has to go along with the mayor s demand.
He give Nick anything he needs to solve the case.
Nick takes a different office than the one.
He was assigned because the light was not.
Nick begins work on the case.
His first lead is to speak.
Who was a friend.
Nick decides to let Bernadette stay.
Nick and Bernadette visit Alison s apartment.
She is too frightened to return.
Nick realizes.
All occurred on dates that are prime numbers  all of which are among the 12 prime numbers possible up to the number.
He knows.
5 is the only one.
The next murder will take place the next night  the fifth.
Nick appears to have been proven wrong.
When a woman is strangled.
Nick believes.
This is a copycat killing  especially when he learns that the man broke a window  as opposed.
However  it is a closed case.
They are content to be done.
Nick and Ed figure out.
The position  when seen on a map of Manhattan  forms the constellation Virgo.
They also realize.
The all the rooms in which the murders took place have windows  and that when the exterior positions of the windows are lined up together according to which floor they are on  they correlate to 11 notes in the chorus of the song Calendar Girl.
This enables them to identify.
Where The January Man will next strike.
Nick sets a trap  outfitting her with a neck guard to prevent the killer from strangling her.
The trio stake picking the lock to get into the apartment.
They intercept the apartment s resident and send Bernadette.
Where she is attacked.
Nick breaks in and   subdues him.
<EOS>
A former patient seeks revenge for a botched operation by throwing acid at him.
She misses and catches his sister  Ingrid   resulting in severe burns.
The doctor s assistant Nathalie drugs and kidnaps Barbara Hallen and locks her in a room in the basement of Flamand s clinic.
A scuffle starts with Natalie and Gordon.
Who lives off the girl s arms.
Barbara s father Terry Hallen is desperately awaiting a news of his daughter and hires a private detective  Sam Morgan  to go and find her.
It s not Barbara due.
Morganvisits a morgue with Brian Wallace of the Paris police to see a decapitated body  but knows.
Flamand and Nathalie go to see a surgeon.
Dr Orloff s Ingrid s face.
Orloff tells them to track down Nazi doctor Karl Heinz Moser.
They return to find.
Barbara s face has been badly cut.
Morgan interview s Barbara s photo director Maxence and gets some information.
Maxence s bouncer  Doudo  forces Morgan to flee.
Meanwhile  Flamand has kidnapped another women  Melissa  to use.
Morgan updates Terry.
She was a prostitute and that she left.
Moser arrives  but destroys Melissa s donor face due to complications and Flamand and Nathalie seek a replacement.
They find an actress  trick her into going to the clinic  drug her and hide her body.
Morgan traces a credit card belonging to the Paris suburb of St.
Cloud  and.
Morgan sees and decides to return to the clinic.
A watch Natalie is wearing and later sees this.
A nurse enters the basement and finds all of the girls locked up.
She is caught and killed.
Flamand and Nathalie remove the actress s face and show it to Ingrid.
Morgan returns and is attacked by Gordon but manages to impale him on some hooks.
Morgan finds keys and locates the girls and Barbara but is locked by Natalie.
Flamand  Moser and Nathalie then brick up the cell.
Barbara and Sam find themselves trapped and gasping.
Sam though has sent Terry a message saying Terry  I traced Barbara in Paris.
I m going to look for her.
Send. 
I do nt leave a message.
Terry says  get me on the first flight to Paris.
<EOS>
A car carrying four lady lawn bowlers to Nhill is involved in an accident on a deserted road in rural Victoria.
Locals  not knowing  embark.
Where the accident was  or who was involved.
<EOS>
The story follows the insertion into Norway to rescue Norwegian General Heden from captivity and to return him to England to lead the Free Norwegian Forces.
The film opens.
Who was sent to support partisan activities.
A small man team is assembled.
Consists. 
Robert Owen  a Canadian  Sgt.
Harry Hall  a Briton and a Norwegian called Lt.
Erik Falken.
The team parachutes in and soon.
Falken is recognised.
A team is sent to capture them.
They are soon being pursued.
They overpower their captors and free the general.
Once they are attacked and forced to take shelter.
Heden is hurt.
They send Falken to get assistance.
He is betrayed once again.
Whom he had known when growing up.
The Germans take Falken alive and  pretending to be the doctor they are hiding in.
They requested  capture Owen.
Hall manages to keep Heden in the house.
Owen misleads the Germans.
They are surprised to find.
The Germans have realised their mistake.
The two prisoners have been freed.
Owen and Falken manages to return.
The party moves off.
The film includes real footage.
<EOS>
The film involves a young schoolgirl.
Who becomes caught after she testifies in court over a triad beating.
Yuen Fong must pay him protection money.
When this news reaches the triad leader Brother Smart.
What she has done as events begin to escalate.
<EOS>
Agastya Sen  nicknamed English  August  speaks and thinks.
A lover  he listens to Bob Dylan  Miles Davis  rock and jazz and reads Marcus Aurelius.
He is also an Indian Administrative Service Officer  a member.
He is sent off to Madna  the hottest town in the country.
Culture shock and a language barrier follows.
He feels  but must survive.
Moreover  August is surrounded.
August negotiates this provincial creek.
He can find.
He escapes into the mystery and quiet of his secret world of erotic fantasy and contemplation.
<EOS>
An evil French woman  Marie Chaumontel  is a spy.
She vamps and seduces officers  accumulating state secrets and then discarding her lovers.
Chaumontel is the mistress.
She steals some papers and gives them to the Germans  then escapes to Berlin.
He is tried and found guilty.
He then commits suicide.
His brother  Lieutenant Charles Ravignac  vows revenge.
Pretending to be a spy  he goes to work and becomes her assistant.
He poses.
He turns the information over.
When he gathers enough evidence.
Chaumontel is arrested and sent to prison.
He is then hailed.
<EOS>
The movie centers.
One night.
Which he continues to slump.
Who tells him that Carlton s mother  Katherine has fallen ill.
Katherine requires a surgery  however she refuses to sign the waiver.
The doctors recommend.
Kyle comes to visit her.
Together  the two of them fly to Columbus  Ohio to break the news to Kyle  and does nt have a cell phone.
Carlton agrees to find his estranged father.
Who is there.
Which it s revealed that Carlton and Kyle have nt seen or spoken.
The next morning   therefore he s not allowed to board the flight.
Preparing to get  Kyle realizes that he s lost his wallet and hence his identification.
Lucy suggests.
The three rent a car and drive.
Kyle asks Lucy to bring him his bag.
Contain painkillers.
Lucy notices Kyle s wallet  revealing  Lucy keeps this discovery a secret from Carlton.
Kyle intentionally misplaced his wallet.
Carlton and Kyle attempt to piece-together their fragile relationship.
The trip progresses.
Also  Lucy tells Carlton  this creates a tension.
She s engaged.
Their love remains.
Many delays occur.
Kyle becomes increasingly anxious and becomes more and more unreliable.
He seems to make up  however.
When he tells Carlton and Lucy that he knows someone who works.
D.
Kyle tells Carlton.
Waiting. 
It was a cover-up story.
Carlton realizes.
Kyle has had his wallet the entire time and has purposely been delaying the trip.
He angrily storms off to talk  leaving Kyle unattended.
He returns.
An argument knew about the wallet the whole time.
Where Kyle was sitting to find him missing.
Carlton and Lucy get anyway.
Carlton exits the flight to look but not before telling Lucy  to get off the plane.
If he does nt come back.
Mad and their argument  Lucy decides to stay on the plane anyway.
She flies home  Carlton is also unsuccessful.
Carlton calls Katherine.
She tells him.
If his father is anywhere  he d be at The Peabody Hotel downtown.
He finds out.
When Carlton arrives.
No one has.
Tired  Carlton takes a room for the night.
Later that evening   the bartender tells him.
Kyle Garrett is indeed staying.
Furious  Carlton confronts Kyle.
Carlton and Kyle wrestle each other to the ground.
Where Kyle tells Carlton.
He loves Katherine but loves himself even more.
Soon Kyle agrees to continue.
The next day Carlton gets a phone call  Katherine has gotten an infection.
The doctors have been forced to operate earlier than expected.
Carlton  Kyle  Amon and Carlton s grandmother Virge wait anxiously.
Soon Lucy shows up.
She and Carlton reconcile.
The doctor comes out and tells the family.
The operation was a success.
The next morning   Carlton tells Lucy.
He s quitting baseball to focus.
Lucy tells Carlton.
She s not a ` fiancee  anymore.
It s assumed.
The two have gotten back together.
Carlton drives Kyle.
Where Kyle agrees to come visit.
The ending scene shows Carlton clearing out his baseball locker and walking.
Where Lucy is waiting.
The two drive off together.
<EOS>
Rocky Balboa   lives a quiet life as a widower  his wife Adrian Pennino Balboa had died from cancer in.
He runs a small but very successful Italian restaurant named.
Where he regales his patrons.
He also battles personal demons involving his grief.
Paul Paulie  Rocky s brother-in-law and longtime friend  continues to support him.
Whenever he can.
Late one night  Rocky reunites.
Rocky s friendship quickly blossoms over the following weeks.
Steps takes as a father figure.
A budding romantic relationship was implied  but never fully explored by Rocky out of his reverence for Adrian.
The newly crowned world heavyweight champion  Mason The Line Dixon  reigns undefeated.
He is ridiculed.
This frustrates the champ  causing tension  and encouraging him to return to his roots - the small gym  as well as his old trainer.
He first trained.
Who sagely tells him that he will inevitably earn back his respect.
ESPN broadcasts a computer simulation  likened to a modern-day version of The Super Fight  further riling the champ.
Ends. 
The simulation inspires Rocky to take up boxing again -- an intention.
Goes public when he successfully renews his license.
Dixon s promoters pitch the idea.
Both men agree to the match  creating a media buzz.
Stabs. 
Robert later makes an effort to discourage Rocky.
Rocky rebukes him   it ai nt about  it s about.
To succeed.
Hard you hit.
How hard you can get hit  and keep moving forward  and that blaming others wo nt help him.
The next day  father and son meet and reconcile  Robert has quit his job to be at Rocky s side.
Rocky sets straight.
Who quickly surmises that the slow and arthritic Rocky can only compete as much as possible.
The fight ends up becoming an HBO Pay-per-View event.
The bout   then continues to surprise the audience against the much younger and faster fighter.
Itself is a back and forth affair.
Which Rocky makes a dramatic comeback  he manages to knock Dixon down once.
Dixon sends Rocky.
The elder fighter pulls himself.
The two opponents then continue to punish each other severely standing.
Rocky thanks an appreciative Dixon  and leaves the ring to the adulation of the crowd  Rocky losing by split decision.
The result is announced.
Rocky returns home and visits Adrian s grave again to thank her for helping him  saying  Yo Adrian  we did it.
Adrian s tombstone is still.
<EOS>
Shanghai  September 1931  Wealthy.
Businessman and serial seducer Xie Yifan is introduced.
Fenyu  a young widow  is staying.
Who s just arrived.
Jieyu  an old friend of Yifan  asks him to rob Beibei  the 16-year-old fiancee of tycoon Jin Zhihuan  of her virginity.
Who s never succumbed.
Jieyu wants revenge  for publicly dumping her in favor of a schoolgirl.
Yifan turns.
Because he has another quarry -- the quiet and retiring Fenyu.
Sensing an opportunity  Jieyu makes Yifan a wager   she will finally agree to sleep with him   he will sign over a valuable piece of land to her.
He can seduce Fenyu.
He fails.
Yifan accepts the challenge  but finds the virtuous Fenyu apparently immune.
Meanwhile  Jieyu employs a different strategy to get her revenge  encouraging an attraction between Beibei and her young drawing teacher  college student Dai Wenzhou.
The relationship is never consummated.
Beibei s mother  Mrs Zhu  forbids her daughter to see Wenzhou anymore.
When she finds out.
Jieyu suggests to Mrs Zhu -- and secretly arranges  to comfort Beibei.
Beibei should spend some quiet time.
Yifan to be there.
Mission finally accomplished  Yifan refocuses  but finds himself in deeper emotional waters.
He s ever experienced.
<EOS>
The largest business in the history of mankind  Jeffers Corporation  controls the United States.
The corporation and its leader  Mr Jeffers  claim.
Success is achieved thanks.
Jeffers teaches.
Productivity equals happiness.
The business logo is the standard greeting.
George Washington Winsterhammerman  a descendant  is a Level-3 TUNT employee at the Jeffers Corporation  and is suffering from overeating and impotence as a result of his distant wife and eremitic son making him unhappy.
George then begins to suffer.
Wherein he is the first president.
He worries.
He will suddenly explode.
People including George s co-worker  Todd  continue to die by exploding.
George discovers.
George s friend and superior  Charisma  is fired.
She now works  and meets with her in an attempt to avoid unhappiness.
Charisma confides.
She has dreams too  and that they involve George and her running away together  only for her to abandon him apologetically.
George then meets the real Mr Jeffers.
His wife and son leave due.
Who wants to know why George drew a sunset to encapsulate his vision.
Mr Jeffers reveals.
The secret is to kill the thing you love.
This prompts George to return  only to find.
She has been brainwashed to prevent thoughts that may lead.
George makes a final attempt to rekindle the intimacy.
They shared.
She initially can not remember him.
Later she recalls him and begins to cry.
They embrace.
George observes a boatful of men dressed as American Revolutionary soldiers.
Whom he then salutes.
<EOS>
Amir  the benevolent ruler  is dying.
There is hope.
Freshly deceased  he is flown.
Where Dr Trenton  having unwisely put off body acquisition  transplants Amir s brain into the body of the disfigured simpleton assistant who failed in said chore.
Dr Trenton has a few nefarious plot twists in mind.
Then there s the thing and the woman chained in the basement.
It s up to try to salvage this tale.
<EOS>
Reveal magazine employee John Baxter purchases the house after being persuaded to by real estate agent Clifford Sanders.
Clifford goes alone and  hearing footsteps in the attic  goes upstairs to investigate and is locked in the room  and is found dead of a presumed heart attack or stroke by John.
Preparing the house.
Where he is swarmed.
Thinking nothing  she took of the real estate agent before his death  John moves into the house and lives there  adamant and telling Melanie to later meet him there.
After Melanie shows him some photos.
Depict him.
The house is normal.
The maid leaves shortly afterward.
John works Melanie goes and makes her way inside  eventually finding the maid and is spooked.
Left alone  Melanie goes down.
When she feels a strange breeze  frightened  she heads back upstairs when the door flies open on its own.
She is found later that night  cowering and hysterical against the wall.
Her attempts to convince John falls.
Something is.
Later   Melanie discovers a demonic-looking face and rushes to reach John  but crashes her car and dies.
Looking over blowups.
When the photographs burst and burn her to a charred skeleton  the car going up in flames shortly afterward.
Melanie s death is ruled accidental  including John.
Who remains oblivious.
Take some boys and use a Ouija board in the attic  but stop the game itself against the wall.
John is away one day his daughter Susan and her friend Lisa.
When the board tells them Susan is before the glass they were using smashes.
Susan s friends assume.
She was playing a prank.
Growing bored  Susan and the others go out.
Susan s mother Nancy searches the house.
Susan turns and smiles  then ignores Nancy and makes her way upstairs  locking herself in her room.
Nancy calls out.
Arrives and  seeing a commotion on the docks  goes to see what is wrong and finds Susan s lifeless body being tended to.
She saw Susan ago before rushing back inside  convinced or will be shortly  refusing to leave  even for Susan s funeral.
When Nancy arrives.
Susan is either still there.
John  unable to deal with Nancy s delusions  consults his friend Doctor Elliot West about.
Susan is still alive.
What he should do.
West suggests.
John allow him and a team to set up in the house  to help prove if Nancy actually saw something or not  which John agrees to.
Nancy sits by Susan s bed and is soon confronted by a spectral being speaking in Susan s voice.
Goads her.
John and Elliot begin trying to goad.
Whatever is.
Susan s specter disappears flee upstairs  telling Elliot s team to run.
Freezing on the inside  most of Elliot s team is killed by flying and exploding objects.
John and Nancy and several others escape just before the house blows up.
John and Nancy watch.
The remaining paranormal investigators flee.
The rubble burns to the ground and the old well bubbles ominously.
A fly is later seen emerging and disappears.
<EOS>
Captain America  due to enhancement by a Super-Soldier Serum  prevents the Nazis from launching an intercontinental missile.
They are also soon revealed to be shape-shifting extraterrestrials led acting as SS officer Herr Kleiser.
The exploding missile knocks the Captain out.
He falls  presumed dead.
70 years later  Captain America is found and revived.
H.
I.
E.
L.
D.
Team led.
Bruce Banner and Betty Ross lead a team.
Order to try and stop the real power that backed the Nazis - the alien Chitauri.
Banner thinks.
The Super-Soldier Serum is the key.
He secretly uses his blood to try to create a cure.
Had been selected.
The Chitauri destroy a S.
H.
I.
E.
L.
D.
Satellite designed to track the alien ships.
So Fury is forced to order the implementation of Project Avenger  to gather together a team of superhumans.
Fury tries - Giant Man  Wasp  Iron Man/Tony Stark  Thor and Black Widow  a S.
H.
I.
E.
L.
D.
Assassin. 
Including a botched mission  the heroes unite to fight the Chitauri.
Led. 
The team must then fight an out.
Successful. 
Banner wanted to try his new serum  releasing his alter ego for the battle.
The team managed to eventually distract the Hulk long enough to calm him.
Banner is then incarcerated.
<EOS>
The film starts.
A businessman  he is lost and betrays his wife with a Buddhist girlfriend of his.
He loses control and beats her violently.
When his wife threatens to leave him.
He is sentenced.
Who live.
Overcoming initial problems  he finally moves into a flat in Bloomsbury.
Self-doubt and loneliness now seem to dominate his days.
He eventually befriends.
A young girl called PJ.
A friendship develops.
Helps Tom regaining a bit in life.
But then Tom meets his beautiful French neighbour Ines.
A tender connection develops.
This quietly mysterious woman intrigues Tom.
It finally puts everything into perspective.
When he finds out.
There might be damage.
There is always hope.
<EOS>
Kalpana is a daughter.
Who always worries that his daughter might fall.
Hence he always controls her not to talk.
But Kalpana does not care.
She leaves.
Kalpana visits an art gallery and gets attracted by a painting of an artist named Rajesh.
She gets angry.
When a photographer tries to get sketch.
Meanwhile an aspiring artist.
Who works where Kalpana s uncle work.
He sketches Kalpana without her knowledge as he was not satisfied with the models.
The next day Kalpana s picture get published.
Kalpana gets angry on that.
She finds.
The sketch was portrayed.
Her anger goes away.
Both become good friends and then eventually fall in love.
Kalpana s father comes to know.
He lies.
Kalpana s mother is ill.
Kalpana rushes.
To find.
It was her father s lie as he does not want his daughter to be away anymore.
He arranges with a son of rich man.
Who looks.
Kalpana runs away and insists to marry her.
Rajesh initially refuse.
His financial background is not stable but finally agree on Kalpana s compulsion.
Both marry and settle.
Rajesh tells Kalpana.
They go and apologize for whatever happened much against likes of Kalpana.
Unwillingly she goes.
She tells him wait outside.
She alone goes.
Kalpana s father insults Rajesh badly and tells.
He is.
She get angry and leaves the place along.
But Kalpana has touch through letters.
She writes.
Rajesh is now rich and has got bunglaw  car etc.
So as to irritate her father.
Kalpana and Rajesh are blessed.
Kalpana s father changes his mind to see his grandson.
He informs Kalpana.
Now Kalpana is.
She has lied about Rajesh s wealth and growth which is not known even to Rajesh.
She hires a bunglaw and car until the departure of her parents.
Rajesh lies resists and does not want to take part in her drama and leaves.
Who comes to know.
Now Kalpana is further.
Hence she introduces her friend s brother to her parents.
Rajesh feels to Kalpana.
He decides to help her and take part but comes to know about Kalpana s fake husband.
Both further lie and introduce Rajesh as cook and servant named Neelkanth.
Order to maintain the lies.
Now comedy s fake husband.
Who is about to marry Kalpana s another friend.
Will Kalpana manage her parents.
<EOS>
Johnny McBride is badly hurt.
Hitch hiking and loses his memory when the car he is riding.
Two years later  a clue leads him.
Where he finds he is a murder suspect.
Johnny tries to clear his name.
Thugs working try to end his meddling.
<EOS>
A nun named.
Dolores is raped.
She becomes pregnant  gives birth and is punished.
She then meets Vince and marries.
Him but later discovers that Vince was the one who raped her.
<EOS>
Shaggy discovers.
His uncle Col.
Beauregard has died and left him his country estate.
Is apparently frequented.
Shaggy  Scooby and Scrappy head.
Order to claim Shaggy s inheritance.
However  they are pursued by a headless horseman and by the alleged ghost of the Colonel or else.
Who taunts them telling to leave.
Meanwhile  they meet the creepy manservant Farquard.
Who tells them that a vast fortune is hidden somewhere on the estate and that it is rightfully his and that Shaggy has no business there.
Intrigued  the gang decide to hunt down the jewels much.
Who is.
They follow the trail.
The Colonel has hidden.
Their progress is interrupted.
Include living skeletons  headless corpses and the ghostly Colonel.
They call.
Order to exorcise the ghosts.
Who have a novelty.
<EOS>
The film opens.
Mistress Vanessa pursued mercilessly.
Jeff is shot and left.
Vanessa runs off.
Jeff tracks the pair to New Orleans.
However   Jeff is blackmailed by the very crime boss.
Who framed him  took Vanessa  and who is now intent on having him join his organisation.
He is hunted to discover.
When Jeff refuses.
His real enemy is closer than he realised.
<EOS>
The story follows a husband and wife.
Who   have moved away from society to a farm on a rural island.
Their response has been escapist.
They are mostly living.
Jan has had a dream  I dreamed.
We were back  sitting side by side  rehearsing the 4th Brandenburg Concerto  the slow movement  and that everything we have now we had behind us.
We only remembered it.
I woke up crying.
I started to cry.
When we were playing.
Their relationship is somewhat strained  continuously detaching throughout.
Jan is more sensitive and cries frequently.
His wife  Eva  is more outwardly resilient and irritable.
The two visit the town  and hear a rumor.
Troops will soon come.
The couple see various friends.
They procure wine and goods.
The last is with an older man.
Who has been called.
Their farmhouse becomes the site.
When they return.
Jan and Eva are rounded up.
They are interrogated  and finally spared.
They are later interrogated from town.
They are forced to watch the video.
The couple is interrogated.
Uses Eva s image but falsifies.
Claims support.
This is primarily a scare tactic.
Eventually  they are released.
Jacobi.
They are driven home  their relationship is considerably weaker and more hostile.
Jacobi becomes a regular  if not uncomfortably constant  visitor.
Who treats them but also has the power to send the couple to a work camp.
This relationship is manipulative  both Eva and Jan feel irritated and disgusted.
Jacobi convinces Eva to provide him  during the coercion  it is implied.
She has slept before for some monetary gain.
They go to have sex.
Jan is resting.
He wakes  calling Eva s name.
Eventually  he goes upstairs and finds Jacobi s savings and begins to cry.
Eva enters  Jacobi stays outside and turns to leave.
She harshly comments.
He can continue sobbing if he feels it will help.
Only a few moments have passed.
Soldiers have surrounded their home  they lead Jacobi back.
It is an investigation.
The couple is questioned.
Jacobi explains.
His freedom can be bought  as the side is in desperate need of money.
Jacobi  the soldiers  even Eva  are asking.
Where the money is.
Jan states.
He does not know what money they are talking about.
The soldiers raid the house  destroying everything  lighting the remains.
The money is not produced.
They hand Jan a gun to execute Jacobi.
He does.
This turning point shows Jan as someone.
Who can lie and kill.
Is a dramatic character change.
Jan reveals.
The soldiers leave.
He had the money  to Eva s disgust.
This has split their relationship irreparably and causes repeated break downs.
The relationship grows silent and cold.
Eva wants to feed him and allow him to sleep.
When Jan and Eva meet a young soldier.
Jan violently takes him away to shoot and rob him.
There is evidence.
Eva follows Jan.
He uses the money.
Order to buy them seats.
The boats motor fails.
The man steering the boat kills himself.
The boat later finds.
Itself stuck in the middle  unable to move forward and continue.
Eva tells Jan  she walks down a beautiful city street with a shaded park.
The film closes.
Planes come and set fire.
Its rose vines.
She and Jan have had a daughter.
Who she is holding.
They watch the roses burn.
She states was nt awful because it was so beautiful.
A final remark is.
She lies thirsty.
I knew there was something I should remember.
Something one had said  but.
I had forgotten.
I started to cry.
I remembered.
<EOS>
Ernie Holley runs away.
He thinks he has killed a wedding guest.
His father Newt and bride Pearl find him and persuade him to come home.
<EOS>
Mallory is the head.
Her team includes the drag queen Vena Cava  an explosives expert  a mute  pre-teen telepath capable  and an armed governmental agent named Durand.
They are dispatched to protect a convent by a pack of undead monsters.
When they are attacked.
The battle leaves Durand dead  Vena Cava injured.
Tina.
Simultaneously  the newly-elected pope is kidnapped.
Who resist the bullets.
Mallory is approached to rescue the pope  a job.
She reluctantly accepts when she realizes there may be a connection.
Tracking the kidnappers.
Had vanished.
Their search eventually leads to Lady Valentine  a centuries-old vampire  and her mission to summon Abaddon  a fallen angel.
Who survived being beheaded.
Will cover the world.
<EOS>
Kol  an alien criminal  escapes into the woods of an American suburb.
The commander dispatches The Alienator -- a deadly female android  to capture Kol.
He meets up.
They are all running at the hands of The Alienator.
She relentlessly pursues Kol and the teens.
Kol must face the toughest decision  kill or be killed.
<EOS>
Noah Wyle plays Flynn Carsen  a perpetual college student.
Who has 22 academic degrees.
Carsen s professor kicks him out  telling Carsen.
He lacks real life experience and needs to experience life outside.
Carsen s mother  Margie  is constantly worried and encourages him to get a job  find a bride  and be happy.
Carsen receives a mysterious invitation.
He is shown the true duties of his new job by a doleful library employee  Charlene  and library head Judson.
The position  Carsen s new job  is said to have existed for centuries.
Its purpose is to protect historical and often magical items.
Some is responsible.
Are Pandora s Box  Tesla s Death Ray  the Holy Grail  the transmuted corpse  the Ark of the Covenant  the Golden Fleece  a live unicorn  the Goose That Laid the Golden Eggs  Excalibur  the original Mona Lisa  the original Little Boy prototype atomic bomb  a working jet pack  Ali Baba s Flying Carpet  and the Spear of Destiny.
Carsen finds.
The job entails more than he expected when one is stolen by the evil Serpent Brotherhood.
Will control the destiny.
Whoever has the complete Spear.
Carsen must now track down the remaining two pieces to prevent the Serpent Brotherhood from possessing all three pieces and gaining control of the world.
His only tools are his mind and a book written.
Whilst  Carsen is ambushed by the Serpent Brotherhood and is rescued by a woman.
Who forces him out.
He finds.
They land.
His rescuer  Nicole Noone  is a Library employee who blames herself but who resists any friendly feelings for Carsen.
They travel.
Where they encounter waterfalls  headhunters  bridge collapses  and Maya death traps  all and a touch of romance.
They next travel  ending up in Shangri-La  all the time proving.
Carsen s years are useful.
<EOS>
Saraswati Sabatham tells the story.
Has the best power.
Narada  a sage and celestial troublemaker  begins the fight and purposely annoys Her by saying.
Wealth is more important and abundant.
Saraswati angrily said.
She will prove that Her power  knowledge is more important.
Narada then goes to see Lakshmi  the Goddess of wealth  and also annoys Her by saying.
Education is more abundant and is the best.
Lakshmi also retorted.
She will prove that Her power is more important.
Narada finally goes  seeking Parvati  the goddess of power and strength and annoys Her too  saying.
Wealth and knowledge is more important.
Parvati too stressed.
She will prove that Her power is more important.
The three Goddesses  having turned  each decide to choose someone on earth and bless them powers.
That each can prove their power and make the other two Goddesses lose.
Saraswati blesses a mute person  Vidyapati  to speak and gives him all the knowledge.
There is a place.
He has no children.
He is dying.
His minister sends the royal elephant.
The person will be the next Maharani or Maharaja.
Whose neck the elephant puts the garland on.
Lakshmi controls the royal elephant and makes it give the garland.
Now the beggar girl is a very wealthy Maharani and lives.
There is someone.
Who has been a coward his whole life  whom Parvati blesses to become very strong.
Coincidentally the three people chosen belong to the same country.
The three humans fight and the three Goddesses fight to make each other lose  causing a chaos.
A married couple  also dispute with each other  providing comic relief.
Who work.
The Trinity of Gods  Lord Shiva  Lord Vishnu  and Lord Brahma settles the dispute by explaining the importance of knowledge  wealth  and strength combined.
How dangerous it is.
Each power goes separately.
Finally  the three Goddesses reconcile and the three blessed are all equally important in many ways.
The three Goddesses blesses the country and Sage Narada  thanking him  marking the end of the film.
<EOS>
Will Stanton is a day away.
Miss Greythorne  the local mistress  and her Butler Merriman Lyon invite the siblings to a Christmas party.
The Stanton children walk home.
Later  two farmers  Dawson and Old George   arrive with a large Christmas tree ordered by the family.
Whom Will does not know.
The farmers know Will s name  wish him a happy birthday  and predict bad weather.
Will s birthday is so close.
Everyone ignores it except for his little sister Gwen  who gives him his only birthday present.
The family has moved to a small English village.
One has arrived home for the holidays and displaces Will to the attic.
Will buys Gwen an enigmatic stone pendant at the local mall.
Two suspicious security guards accuse him and take him to their office.
Alarmingly   the guards metamorphose.
Questioning Will.
They attack Will.
He manages to escape  accidentally using his powers.
Will begins to experience more odd incidents and receives a strange and Celtic-looking belt.
Will once again sees Dawson and Old George.
Who seem to know him well.
Miss Greythorne and Merriman debate.
When and how to approach Will.
Maggie Barnes  an attractive local girl appears.
Will becomes upset.
When one approaches her and begins chatting to her.
Will leaves the Manor.
An ominous figure mounted and accompanied by dogs chases Will.
Miss Greythorne  Merriman  Dawson  and Old George suddenly appear and save Will.
The ominous figure prepares to kill Will  who is currently no match.
Merriman names the threatening figure.
Who warns them all that his power - The Dark - will rise.
The four adults are the last - ancient warriors called the Great Hall.
Who serve The Light - and take Will through time and space to a place.
Is the church the Stantons attend.
Will is the last to have been born  he is the seventh son of a seventh son.
Whose power begins to ascend  though Will disputes this idea because he believes he is the sixth son.
Will is The Seeker  the.
Who must locate six Signs whose possession will grant The Light power.
The Rider is also seeking them.
Will returns home and falls and twists his ankle.
The doctor is The Rider.
Who calls.
He is recognized.
The Rider demonstrates his powers by alternately healing it and making it much worse before restoring it to its injured state.
Will discovers.
He has a lost twin brother named Tom  who   mysteriously disappeared one night and was never found.
Merriman instructs Will.
Include summoning superhuman strength  commanding light and fire  telekinesis  stepping  and the unique knowledge to decipher an ancient text in the Book of Gramarye.
Will returns  and learns the form.
Each sign will take.
Will reveals the first sign.
Will travels through time to find the next four signs.
The Rider enlists a mysterious figure to help him get the signs.
She reveals some to Will.
When Will s brother invites Maggie.
Will reveals his affections  saying.
He felt an instant connection.
He tells her he has been thinking constantly.
The Rider also tricks Will s older brother Max.
The spell is finally broken.
When Will uses his great strength to give Max a concussion.
The Dark has now gained tremendous power and begins to attack the village with a terrible blizzard.
The Rider commands.
Will locates the fifth sign.
The Dark continues to rise.
Maggie is revealed to be the mysterious witch helping the Rider.
She is betrayed.
When she fails to get the fifth sign and ages rapidly  disintegrating.
The Old Ones and Will seek sanctuary.
Where the Rider can not enter unless invited.
However  The Rider s final trick gains him access.
The Rider reveals.
He has trapped Tom  whom The Rider mistook and kidnapped  within a glass sphere.
He sends Will.
Will solves the riddle  he.
He enters.
Himself is the sixth sign.
The Rider can not touch nor harm Will.
Using his power  Will banishes both The Rider - imprisoning the evil figure within one of his own glass spheres - and The Dark.
The sphere disappears.
Will and Tom are reunited and return.
The signs   Inside a pendant Will bought for his little sister Gwen in a mall Just before the black plague  inside a skull s mouth under a church - the skull belonging to the creator of the signs - at the beginning of the 14th Century On a shield some time in the past.
Will found.
He found them.
When Vikings attacked the village.
He trades the watch.
Gwen gave him for the sign.
When it was flooded.
<EOS>
The film begins.
Their young daughter Wendy is attacked.
Unpacking. 
Who had long ago been transformed into a troll.
Using a magic crystal green ring  it captures Wendy and possesses her form.
The family notices Wendy s unusual behavior.
They attribute her behavior.
The only one is Wendy s brother  Harry Potter Jr.
Notices something is terribly wrong.
Frightened  he seeks solace in the company of a mysterious old lady  named Eunice St.
Clair.
Who lives upstairs.
She reveals her real profession  a witch.
When he tells her.
Harry asks Eunice to teach him magic.
She says.
There is nt time.
She does instruct him  and tells him of her long history stretching back to a time.
When she and a powerful wizard named Torok were.
The world was divided between fairies.
Includes trolls  and humans.
The realms were equal and independent  however  Torok and some of the fairies challenged this balance resulting in a great war.
Which the humans prevailed.
Torok was transformed.
Eunice stands guard.
She has now in her apartment  waiting patiently for Torok to challenge the realms again  which is happening now.
The troll wizard has already begun his secret war  going to apartment  attacking the tenants and transforming them into mythical creatures according to their personalities  such as goblins  nymphs  an elf and a bugbear.
It transforms their rooms.
Will burst forth.
When every apartment is transformed the world.
Harry is told.
Torok can be stopped.
Eunice tells Harry.
The heart will be a large and vicious magical creature.
Armed.
Shoot bolts.
Eunice is attacked and turned into a tree stump.
Harry finds his sister trapped a la Snow White.
Suddenly Torok s great bat monster attacks and disables Harry.
Torok kills it  destroying his carefully constructed fairy realm.
When it goes.
Harry and his family are given a chance to escape  leaving.
The magic world collapses.
As the police arrive.
One is drawn into a remaining fragment of the alternate fairy world.
The police investigate the house.
<EOS>
A mysterious man joins a woman.
He initially claims.
He needs her assistance.
Soon things become suspect.
The two examine each other s stories.
The woman claims.
She caused the accident to lure the man up so she can kill him.
The man claims.
He is a police officer  investigating the possibility the woman has killed her own family.
Neither claim stands up well.
The movie then ends.
<EOS>
Homesteaders moving are being attacked by the Black Raiders.
The valley had been settled.
Who does not want the new homesteaders to be there.
His son  Bart  has taken matters and formed the Black Raiders.
The Lone Ranger attempts to aid the homesteaders.
He is hampered.
He has been framed.
Juan Vasquez believes.
He killed his brother  although when this is disproven he becomes another.
However  the Ranger is forced to remove the mask and operate.
Order to successfully protect the homesteaders.
<EOS>
An alien spaceship crashes outside Las Vegas.
Project Moon Dust  a secret Defense Department unit led  arrives in black helicopters.
Men seize the ship and search for its passengers.
Jack Bruno is a former mob get-away driver.
Who drives a cab to avoid returning.
One is Dr Alex Friedman  a failed scientist.
Who is to speak at a UFO convention at the Planet Hollywood hotel.
Who seek his services.
They offer $ 15000 to drive.
Burke s men follow the cab  Bruno believes  and evades them.
The government agents are more mob thugs.
Seth s ability to vary his molecular density helps the group to escape.
Bruno follows them out.
When they arrive.
The teenagers retrieve the device.
They were looking.
The three are attacked.
Seth is knocked unconscious by a strong blast.
They escape.
Jack demands to know.
What is going on.
The Siphon pursues the group.
Its spaceship crashes.
The creature is wounded.
The three again escape Burke s agents  due to Sara s unusually strong telepathy and telekinetics.
Bruno brings Seth and Sara.
Who realizes that the teenagers are what she has been searching.
There  the teenagers explain.
They are.
Its government intends to invade Earth.
That their kind may survive.
Seth and Sara s parents are scientists.
Who sought a way to save their planet but were arrested before completing their experiment.
The teenagers came to retrieve the successful results.
The alien government sent the assassin to stop them.
To save both worlds  they must retrieve their spaceship and return home.
Fellow UFOlogist and conspiracy theorist Dr Donald Harlan tells them.
The spaceship was taken.
The group arrives but are captured  Burke orders  but feels.
The teenagers be prepared.
No one will believe the adults.
The Siphon attacks Witch Mountain and battles the soldiers  allowing Bruno and Friedman to infiltrate the base and free Seth and Sara.
They launch the ship  escape  and finally kill the assassin.
Who has stowed away.
The teenagers give Bruno and Friedman a tracking device.
Will allow the aliens to always find them  tearfully wish them farewell  and return.
Bruno and Friedman become successful authors to Witch Mountain  A True Story.
They promote their book and knowledge  explaining.
The publicity protects them.
The alien device activates  implying.
They leave a convention.
The teenagers may be returning.
<EOS>
An employee  the campus newspaper of the University of Indonesia  is found dead in the office with the number 65 written in blood by his body.
Five students compete for a position at the publication  Risa Priliyanti  Riki  Lia  Muti and Yoga.
They must cover supposedly haunted portions of the university campus.
Another Lentera Merah staff member  Wulan is found hanged.
The rector forbids the test.
These murders are known.
Chief editor Iqbal insists.
The five students go to show their mettle as journalists.
Lia and Risa go.
It is discovered  her body was later buried.
Several more staff members are killed.
Risa is in fact the ghost.
They realise.
Risa is killing them because they are related.
Iqbal s father  a Lentera Merah staff member  comes to the campus to warn his son.
Risa appears and strangles Iqbal s father.
The remaining students leave to find Risa s body and give it a proper burial.
Having found closure  she vanishes.
<EOS>
Ten years ago  a legendary fighter named.
Choi Gi-dong and a timid straight-A student named Park Young-joon leave to Gyeongju city.
But  fate befalls on them.
They experience an unforgettable incident that would change the course.
One night  Gi-dong leads his entire school to a huge brawl against a local gang.
Young-joon chickens out and stays behind.
The streets turn out to be a battlefield  heads bashing and bones breaking.
The gruesome fight nonetheless becomes history.
Gi-dong becomes admired.
Young-joon gets ostracized.
Ten years later  Gi-dong and Young-joon coincidently meet each other.
Surprisingly  Young-joon turns out to be a big time gangster.
Gi-dong becomes a daunting phys ed teacher who transferred.
They feel glad.
The mood gets tense.
They rekindle old yet not-so-fond memories.
Both Gi-dong and Young-joon suddenly find a pretty damsel named.
They bid farewell.
They fall headlong in love with her.
Ju-ran s gleeful smile sweeps them.
Gi-dong makes his claim.
Young-joon calls it a fair game.
Young-joon planned to make his trip to Gyeongju a short visit.
He extends his stay to win Ju-ran s heart and to get back.
Gi-dong gets infuriated.
He wo nt listen like the good old days.
The situation gets worse.
Though fighting becomes a grueling test to their friendship.
When they practically get the whole city involved.
It s a fight.
If it takes a few bones to break.
<EOS>
Spike is putting his son  Tyke.
Spike calmly tells the canary to be quiet.
When a chirping canary flies.
However  Tom and Jerry s usual antics wake Tyke up.
Spike asks Tom Hey.
What s the big idea.
Spike is understandably annoyed and explains  he gets the hiccups.
Every time he wakes up disturbed.
Spike threatens Tom  placing responsibility to keep quiet.
Jerry immediately bites Tom s tail.
Who screams startledly  waking up Tyke a second time.
The cat flees  each successive hiccup from Tyke pushes him another couple inches into the air.
Spike pats him.
Tom peeks pops his head out of a flower pot.
Tom chases with a shovel.
Spike quickly hears Tom and Jerry again and plugs Tyke s ears.
Jerry climbs  such that Tom accidentally whacks Spike on the head.
Spike yells  unwittingly disturbing his son again and grabs Tom by the upper-arms  meanwhile  Tyke resumes hiccuping  eventually literally bunny-hopping across the ground.
The cat can run away.
Spike tries to stop his son.
Each subsequent hiccup literally carries Spike.
Next  Tom is again chasing Jerry  and eventually spots Jerry diving.
Tom slides his hand  but instead meets Jerry s mousetrap.
Tom gets ready to scream  but manages to hold his breath.
He puts a pair  such.
The dogs do nt hear the cat screaming.
Tom pursues Jerry   Tom blows into the hosepipe and Jerry is sent out of the other end.
Who crawls.
Knowing  Jerry removes the dogs  earmuffs and inserts a trumpet  waking up Spike and Tyke.
The cat will continue blowing mindlessly until he catches the mouse.
The dog angrily marches up and shoves the trumpet onto Tom s head.
Makes Tom s head literally seem small.
Jerry happily walks out  only to run back inside.
When Tom spots him and lies to emerge.
The crafty mouse emerges  places some bicycle horns on Tom s feet  and then walks up to Tom s face and kisses him.
An angry Tom chases.
The bicycle horns squeak every time.
His feet touch the ground.
Tom solves this.
Jerry trips him up.
Only Spike wakes up.
The elder canine does not see Tom.
He turns around.
Tom turns around  still remaining out of Spike s eyesight  if not ears.
Spike looks.
Which point Tom climbs Spike s back so he ca nt be seen.
Unfortunately  Tom s tail drops down.
Spike catches on.
He chases.
The bicycle horns start squeaking again.
Spike pauses the chase  instructing the cat to remove the horns   Tom successfully hides in a corner.
When the chase resumes.
Spike rushes off  not knowing that Tom got away again.
Jerry then turns the same corner  then retreats to Tyke s cradle  Tom throws out everything in the cradle  including Tyke  to search for the mouse.
Tyke wakes up first.
Spike returns and Tom   runs away in fear.
Spike tends by giving him water  scaring him and popping a paper bag loudly   eventually Spike ends up getting the hiccups too  threatening to kill Tom for it.
All fail to solve the problem.
Next  Tom s final attempt to catch Jerry   fails.
Who has climbed.
Tom rests.
Falls  sending Tom crashing down to the ground.
Tom  fearing for his life  digs his own grave.
Spike is about to excavate the cat and carry out his threat  but realizes.
The dust settles.
Both bulldogs are cured.
Spike is overjoyed  thanks Tom and says.
On  anything he does is OK with him and Tyke - including chasing Jerry.
The mouse goes with his hat and briefcase and puts a sign on his door.
When Jerry hears this.
Tom runs and reads the sign  Gone South For Sake of Health.
Says. 
- Jerry.
Jerry is seen running.
Is shown to point south.
<EOS>
Yukie is a young woman.
Who works.
She uses her job to hide including a marriage troubled by her sexual frigidity.
Her husband and her best friend engage.
Yukie goes on.
To save her marriage.
Weisser  p.
.
-LCB- -LCB- Amg movie -RCB-.
<EOS>
Donovan Donaly  a soap opera producer  comes home unexpectedly early to find his wife Bonnie  a pool cleaner named Ollie.
Though the Donalys have no pool.
Miles Massey  a top divorce attorney and the inventor  a completely foolproof prenuptial agreement  becomes Bonnie s lawyer.
He is victorious  leaving Donovan with nothing.
Meanwhile  Rex Rexroth is having a sexual roleplaying session.
When a private investigator named Gus Petch bursts and records everything with a video camera.
He takes the video.
Who married Rex solely to obtain wealth and independence.
Rex hires Miles.
Marylin learns.
Miles is a dangerous opponent.
Miles asks Marylin.
Marylin and her lawyer  Freddy Bender  fail to reach a settlement.
Where they spar.
Miles hires Gus to steal some information.
Miles has a concierge named Heinz  the Baron Krauss von Espy testify.
Marylin asked him several years ago to find her a rich  easily-manipulated husband.
Marylin winds up with nothing.
Miles s aged boss  Herb Myerson  congratulates Miles.
Marylin wants revenge and gets it.
Whom she finds living.
Soon.
Marylin shows up.
Doyle.
He destroys it.
Marylin insists Doyle sign the Massey Prenup.
A few months later  Marylin divorces Howard and receives the Doyle Oil fortune.
Marylin later bumps in Las Vegas  Nevada.
Where he is the keynote speaker.
They discover.
They both are lonely people.
Miles marries her.
He insists.
He is not doing it.
She tears it up.
He announces.
He is abandoning divorce suits.
However  Miles soon discovers that Howard D.
Doyle is just an actor from one of Donaly s soap operas.
Marylin has tricked him.
Now his wealth is.
Miles  boss is most displeased.
Something be done to save the firm s fearsome reputation.
He refers Miles.
But  Miles rushes to save his wife.
When Miles learns that Marylin s ex-husband Rex has died  leaving her millions because he never changed his will.
Marylin however is.
Her rottweiler guard dogs have Wheezy Joe surrounded.
She offers to pay him double to switch sides.
They are confronted.
When Miles and his assistant Wrigley arrive.
Wheezy Joe mistakes his salbutamol inhaler for his gun and shoots himself in the head.
Later  Miles and Marylin meet to negotiate their divorce.
Miles pleads and retroactively signs a Massey.
She tears it up.
They kiss.
Marylin tells Miles.
She has suggested an idea.
Gus Petch becomes the host.
<EOS>
Frank and Eva Reilly are on their way to the hospital.
Eva is.
Harrison  Julia  Milo  and Penny are presented.
They are driving.
The bus driver is focused to his left.
Where a man is touching a woman s exposed leg.
He loses control and crashes off an overpass  killing all four of the characters.
Each one had unfinished business.
They find themselves as ghosts  tied to the newborn Thomas Reilly.
Who was born at the moment the four passengers lost their lives.
Only Thomas is able to see the ghosts.
They act.
However   they decide to hide themselves to avoid trouble.
When people show concern.
Thomas is devastated.
Twenty-five years later.
They were supposed to use their internment to resolve their remaining issues.
He is a cold  distant businessman having problems with his girlfriend Anne.
He eventually agrees to help them fulfill their final tasks.
Reluctant. 
They are individually brought by the bus driver Hal.
They succeed.
Milo  a petty thief  regrets a decision.
He made right.
He possesses Thomas to complete the task.
Who still has them.
He returns the stamps anonymously.
Harrison was a would-be singer.
Who was very talented  but had severe stage fright.
He died shortly.
He works up the nerve to sing the National Anthem at a B.
B.
King concert.
Where Thomas sneaks.
Harrison is a big hit.
Soon the police detain Thomas.
Who is nevertheless satisfied that Harrison s final act was a success.
Penny was a single mother.
Who had been spending her time.
The group had gone to Penny s old neighborhood to look for clues.
They found Penny s old neighbor.
Who still took care.
She told them.
Penny s daughters were adopted  but that she lost track of Billy when he entered the foster care system.
Thomas  Julia and Penny rush out.
Thomas post-performance arrest eager to continue their search.
Thomas hits another car.
As they exit.
It turns out.
The car is being driven with whom Thomas has had constant run-ins throughout the movie.
The officer is traveling.
The little daughter begins to cry.
The officer and Thomas argue.
The police officer attempts to soothe his daughter.
Penny recognizes.
The song used to be her son Billy s favorite.
Penny is convinced.
This is her son.
Thomas asks the officer.
He was ever adopted and if his first name is Billy.
Thomas tries to explain Billy s mother died.
His mother and Billy s mother were together the night.
Thomas tells Billy about his sisters and Billy s old next-door neighbor.
Whom Billy remembers.
Billy admits  but had not been able to get access.
He had spent the last twenty years trying to find them.
Excited to discover  Penny possesses Thomas to give him a hug and tells him.
This young officer is her son.
She loves him.
Billy is disoriented and not fully convinced  but they part with Billy issuing a threat to check the story out.
Penny s work is done.
Finally  Julia had been and intended to accept his proposal in marriage.
She loved him.
When the bus crashed.
Thomas takes her  trying to outrun the ghost bus.
Has come.
She takes control.
When they arrive and writes a letter to give under the cover that he found it.
However  there reveals.
When Thomas knocks.
Her boyfriend died seven years ago a lonely man worn down.
Thomas and Julia are stunned.
She realizes that coming here was meant to show Thomas that he should nt squander his relationship and makes him promise to go to her.
Hal is pleased.
Julia and Thomas then get ready to say their.
Julia is wistful.
She   had helped watch over him as her own child.
She simply wished.
She said when he was 7 years old.
She could give him a big hug.
Hal looks up to the sky  meaning God  suddenly Julia becomes solid and is able to hug Thomas.
The bus driver says ` thank you  and takes Julia away.
Thomas and Julia wave.
Thomas then meets up and explains.
Four people he loved very much have left his life  which had left him devastated.
And goes on to explain and then tells her his feelings  they both reconcile and kiss.
He was afraid to love anyone.
<EOS>
Bob the Tomato and Larry the Cucumber are on the counter-top of a kitchen.
Bob reads a letter.
Who is scared because she sometimes thinks there are monsters.
Larry says.
He once thought the same thing  but later found out.
They were actually his fluffy bunny slippers  which are only squishy  as opposed.
Bob then asks her to watch a story.
When Junior Asparagus got scared.
Junior Asparagus watches a late night Frankencelery movie before being told by his Mom Asparagus.
He needs to go.
There are monsters.
The pair sing a song in an effort to comfort Junior about.
Junior does nt need to be afraid because God is watching out.
He is bigger.
Junior is then confronted.
Who reveals that he is really an actor named Phil Winklestein.
Junior is then convinced.
He should nt be afraid and celebrates that God is Bigger than anything.
Junior s dad comes.
Bob and Larry leave.
They discuss.
How God takes care and how Junior needs to be more careful about what he watches in the future.
Following this segment is the introduction.
Wearing an oversized cowboy hat  Larry comes out and sings a tune.
Where everybody s got a water buffalo.
Archibald Asparagus the manager brings the song.
The segment ends.
When Larry starts singing that everybody s got a baby kangaroo  much leaving him to scream and knock Larry down.
The second segment is the story and the Lion s Den.
We find King Darius with his wisemen.
The narrator introduces the story.
He confides.
He is confused and wants help with what it means.
The Wisemen concede.
They can not help.
Then Daniel arrives  he correctly interpretes the dream  and is made the King s.
Afterwards  the Wisemen become envious and plot to trap Daniel.
Stipulates that the kingdom may only pray.
Only he is worthy.
The Wisemen then catch Daniel praying and have him thrown into the lions  den.
An angel comforts him and calms the lions.
Daniel is scared.
The King has a sleepless night believing.
The Wisemen celebrate their victory.
Daniel has died.
The next morning King Darius and his wisemen goes and finds.
Not only is Daniel alive.
He spent the night eating pizza.
Realizing  the Wisemen quit their jobs and flee with Daniel and Darius on their heels.
Their days are numbered.
Bob & Larry s computer  Qwerty  gives the audience a recipe for yummy meatloaf  followed by a Bible verse.
Which God says So do not fear.
I am.
-LCB- -LCB- Bibleref2c -RCB-.
<EOS>
A luxury car comes out and takes him on an unexpected journey.
<EOS>
Michelle and Brianne are two college girls.
Who want to have a fun spring break.
They decide to take a trip to Malibu  and plan on staying with Michelle s Uncle Benny.
The only problem is.
They never told him they were coming.
However  luck is.
He will be going out.
Uncle Benny forbids.
There be any parties  saying that the last time he trusted a neighbor sit  they threw a wild party  and that he hates parties.
Meanwhile  he is having an affair.
They meet the not-so-preppy Gloria.
When Michelle and Brian get there.
Who is filling in because her mother is sick.
She immediately clashes.
Later  Michelle s nerdy cousin Denise flies out.
Denise is happy to see her cousin Michelle.
They do nt get along all that well.
Michelle  Brianne  Denise and Gloria decide to team up and throw a party as a bet to see.
Who could get more people to come.
The teams are Brianne and Michelle.
Randy and Jeff  two workers  get word of this.
Randy is perceived.
Jeff is more.
Jeff later meets Denise  and has an immediate attraction.
Randy refers as plain and an ugly duckling.
Word spreads quickly.
It soon becomes out.
Randy goes again.
She takes him upstairs  but leave him there naked.
Where he is later found masturbating.
They missed a call from Uncle Benny  saying.
The girls were getting ready and giving Denise a makeover to make her less frumpy.
He will be home early.
He comes home  but has to sneak in.
He refuses to pay the bouncer.
He clears everyone out  and finds Michelle passed out.
He discovers.
His neighbor  whom he was dating  knew.
She convinces him.
The girls are just kids.
It is okay.
They raised at the door  the girls pay for all the damages.
Uncle Benny buys all four of them tickets to Hawaii for next spring break  to ensure.
They wo nt be back.
<EOS>
Rumors of a sea monster attacking ships in the Pacific Ocean have created apprehension and fear among sailors  disrupting the shipping lanes.
Prof.
Pierre M.
Aronnax and his assistant  Conseil  are but get stuck in San Francisco by the halting of ships.
The U.
S.
Government invites Aronnax.
One is the cocky master harpooneer Ned Land.
The monster is spotted one night.
The ship fires with cannons.
It immediately charges.
Ned and Aronnax are thrown overboard.
Conseil goes in.
The warship  burning and helpless  drifts silently and no one.
When the overboard passengers cry.
The three drift and realize.
The monster is a man-made submerging boat  that seems to have been deserted.
Aronnax wanders down into the Salon.
Where he finds a massive viewing window and sees an underwater funeral taking place  presumably.
They capture the three castaways.
When the submarine crew returns.
The captain introduces himself  master of the Nautilus.
He returns Ned and Conseil.
Aronnax  whom he recognizes  is allowed to stay.
He tempts Aronnax to remain.
Aronnax prefers to share his companions  fate.
Nemo prepares to submerge Nautilus on the deck  but.
The last moment changes his mind and allows them to stay.
Nemo takes them all on an underwater expedition to gather supplies.
Ned tries to salvage a treasure chest  almost getting attacked by a shark.
Later on  Nemo takes Aronnax.
Nemo reveals.
He was once a prisoner there himself.
Were many.
The prisoners there are loading a munitions ship.
It embarks  whereupon the Nautilus rams it  destroying its munitions cargo and killing the entire crew.
An anguished Nemo says  he also discloses.
When confronted.
His actions have just saved thousands.
This hated nation had tortured his wife and son to force him to reveal the secrets of his work.
Meanwhile  Ned discovers the coordinates and releases messages in bottles  hoping.
Somebody will find them and free him.
The Nautilus gets stranded on a reef.
Ned is surprised.
When Nemo freely allows him to go ashore  ostensibly to collect specimens.
Ned goes off alone inland to explore avenues.
He sees a number.
Kneeling. 
Unbeknownst he has been spotted by a cannibal in a nearby tree.
Realizing his danger  Ned runs.
They are chased back.
Nemo is unconcerned.
The cannibals are repelled by electrical charges circulated on its hull.
Captain Nemo is furious for not following his orders  and confines him to the submarine s brig as punishment.
A warship approaches  firing and striking the submarine.
As it breaks free.
It descends.
Where it attracts the attentions.
The electric charge fails to repel the monster  so Nemo and his men are forced to surface.
Order to fight and dislodge the beast.
Nemo is caught in one of the squid s tentacles  Ned  having escaped from captivity in the struggle and in spite of his hatred for the captain  jumps to Nemo s rescue and saves his captor s life.
Nemo has a change of heart  he claims now to want to make peace with the outer world  by sharing his secrets of the sea.
However  this is to be.
Nemo finds the island surrounded by warships.
Whose marines are converging.
Ned attempts to identify himself to no avail.
Nemo goes ashore.
Aronnax realizes this and becomes furious  recognizing.
Nemo will destroy all evidence.
Sure enough  Nemo plants a bomb  but is mortally wounded from a slug to the back while returning to the Nautilus.
Nemo announces.
He will be taking the Nautilus down.
Loyal to the very end  his entire crew declare.
They will accompany their captain.
Aronnax  Conseil  and Ned are taken forcibly.
Ned fights back  escapes  and manages to surface the Nautilus  hitting a reef in the process and causing the ship to begin flooding rapidly.
Nemo staggers to a viewing window  collapses  and looks at his beloved ocean one last time.
He dies.
Aronnax tries to go back and retrieve his journal.
Contains a detailed account.
The urgency obliges Ned to knock him unconscious and carry him out.
The companions witness Vulcania destroyed.
Aronnax s diary is also lost forever.
The Professor replies Perhaps you did mankind a service  Ned.
When Ned apologizes.
The shock causes the Nautilus to sink even more quickly.
Nemo s last words echo  There is hope for the future.
It disappears forever.
And  all this will someday come to pass.
When the world is ready.
<EOS>
The movie opens.
A line crossing the border into France after defeat by the Francoists  Manuel Artiguez turns away from the border and back towards Spain.
But his friends stop him  saying Manuel  the war is over.
The story returns twenty years later.
Who asks a man named Pedro why Artiguez has stopped his guerrilla raids in Spain.
Pedro sends Paco to find his uncle and Artiguez.
He tells him.
When Paco finds Artiguez.
He wants him to kill Vinolas  a Guardia Civil officer.
Paco lets.
Artiguez know that his father was killed because he would nt tell the police where to find Artiguez.
Meanwhile  Vinolas has learned  and sets a trap to capture Artiguez  presuming.
Artiguez s mother is dying.
He will come to see his mother.
Paco tells Artiguez to bump into Vinolas for him.
Artiguez s mother dies.
Vinolas has laid his trap.
Vinolas sends a spy to convince Artiguez otherwise  and to come visit her.
He s gone  so the priest tells Paco to pass  and not to go to San Martin.
When the priest appears.
His mother is dead.
But   Paco rips up the letter and does nt pass on the message.
Afterwards  Paco recognizes the man as an informer  and tells Artiguez about the priest s message.
Trying to clear up the mess  Artiguez takes Paco and Carlos to Lourdes to find the priest  but he s not there.
They let.
Carlos go.
However  they see the priest  and take him to Artiguez s house.
He senses the trap  and escapes.
When Carlos returns.
Artiguez then decides to go to San Martin anyway  presumably with the mission of killing Vinolas.
Once  Artiguez encounters a Francoist sniper on the roof of the hospital and attacks him  sending him to his death.
Once  he kills a few officers  but is finally shot.
<EOS>
The Saved movingly portrays the true story from Holland and uncovers the shame.
Haunts them decades subsequent.
This group was specially selected to live through the Holocaust.
They were regarded as beneficial.
Conversely  almost a hundred thousand Jews living were expelled from the country and murdered by the Nazis.
All the same  the anomaly commands to be explored.
Is the Barnevelder group.
<EOS>
This is the story.
She is the sole bread winner.
Who faces many hurdles.
She handles them and wins the hearts of one and all including her suspicious.
When she donates him her kidney.
S.
P.
Balasubrahmanyam plays the role.
Who inspires Nandini to take the ultimate decision to continue serving her patients.
<EOS>
A tale conflict in an historical Brazilian setting  there is much more meaning woven into the plot.
Is represented here.
Antonio das Mortes is a legendary and brooding man.
Haunts him and keeps him.
Working  he is sent to kill Coirana  the last canguaceiro of a Bahia inland city.
He kills Coirana  but is changed with the poor  and so Antonio das Mortes then demands.
The colonel distribute the food stored to the remaining canguaceiros.
The colonel raged and sent Mata Vaca to kill Antonio das Mortes.
But Antonio das Mortes kills Mata Vaca and his jaguncos.
The colonel is killed.
The movie ends.
Extends. 
<EOS>
The inhabitants want to have central heating.
However   the Journalist manages to unveil.
The turn  to be included in the central heating network  has not yet come.
Moreover  it is unclear.
How many years it will come.
They decide do undertake actions.
Are considered illegal.
They hire contractors to lay the pipes.
Three guys show up  the contract is signed.
The money is paid.
Soon the work begins.
The contractors manage to drill holes in all walls and ceilings and then they disappear.
Panic and despair strikes the residents.
What are they to do now .
They must find the crooks and bring them back to finish.
What they have started.
Finally  it turns out.
Our three fellows are already.
Then  the sufferers strike a bargain   then there will always be a shift of three people from the inhabitants of the building to take their places in jail.
He lets the cheats out to finish the job.
Moreover  such highly educated people will give series of lectures to the prisoners.
Will help the director to fulfil the cultural plan.
The job is finally done.
The director is brought to Court.
And our group   follow him in the dock.
Who have been only trying to provide themselves.
However  the Court finds them not guilty  taking their good will and the fact.
Contractors have just come.
<EOS>
Universal Groove is an opportunity to experience the pre-millennium underground party scene.
Who all tap - the moment when a party connects everyone to each other.
Each character starts the night.
All leave the party changed.
The film uses an after-hours backdrop to draw eight characters together.
Each is pulled through drugs.
Jim  a film director  struggles.
Eve  a painter  searches.
Beamer is a stockbroker looking to escape.
Gina is a party fixture.
Who likes being.
Zed is a waiter.
Who needs a reason to let go.
Candy and Kane  are party girls are ready to go.
Push is an opportunistic dealer.
<EOS>
The film is a historical melodrama.
Who wants to marry a woman who is engaged to marry another man.
<EOS>
Los Angeles .
Jack Deth has gotten used with his wife Lena in the six years.
They killed Whistler.
Hap Ashby has made a fortune investing and has moved to a palatial estate  sharing it with Jack and Lena.
But life is about to get difficult.
Whistler s brother  E.
D.
Wardo  has gone back and created a trancer farm under the guise of an environmental organization.
GreenWorld strives to clean up the world.
They are kidnapping the homeless and mental patients to enslave.
Once again  Hap is  useful to Wardo as the ancestor of future Angel City Council Member Ashe.
Jack s ready to singe some trancers  but he is nt expecting his dead wife  Alice to show up.
Neither is Lena.
Alice has been saved by the City Council and send back to 1991 to help Jack stop Wardo.
The tension mounts  Hap slips back.
Lena becomes fearful.
Jack realizes.
When Alice returns  she ll die again.
Somehow  Jack must find a way to save more than just the future.
<EOS>
Tarzan and Boy.
Who is returning to support the war effort.
She drops a golden bracelet.
Cheeta picks up.
The Amazon woman s ankle is twisted.
She can not walk.
Telling Boy to wait  Tarzan carries the woman through a mountain pass to the valley.
Where her city is located.
Boy disobeys Tarzan   then returns to wait.
Follows them  and discovers the location of the city.
A group  led by Sir Guy Henderson  discover.
They reunite.
The bracelet Cheeta has.
Its markings are matched supposedly from a lost city of Amazons.
The explorers attempt to enlist Tarzan to lead them.
Tarzan refuses.
Boy  believing  is duped.
He is aiding the advancement.
Boy and the party are captured.
Their queen declares.
They will all be forced to work the rest of their lives in the Palmyrian quarries with the other men they keep for labor.
The woman Tarzan saved takes pity and releases them.
The group  led  then sets about looting the city s treasure vaults.
Then fatally knifes the woman.
When Henderson objects  Ballister kills him.
Who released them.
She is able to sound an alarm.
She dies.
The invaders are all killed save Ballister and Anders.
Who escape.
Boy is recaptured and condemned to die.
Cheeta warns Tarzan.
Tarzan races  meets Ballister and Anders  and backs them into a mud bog.
Which they sink and die.
He returns the Amazon s treasure.
<EOS>
Beaver gets his heart set in the store window.
He does nt know.
To get his parents to buy it.
However  Eddie Haskell tells him.
If he sucks up  by signing up for football  he will be sure to get the bike on his upcoming birthday.
He signs up despite his small size  and is tackled and thrown to the ground many times during practices.
Five days later  Ward and June tell Wally to drop Beaver off and pick him up for a few days.
He has never ridden his bike there before.
Beaver sits beside a very pretty girl named Susan Acustis and has a very kind teacher named Miss Landers.
Eddie asks Wally to come to the soda shop to see him flirt with Karen.
He does not want Beaver to follow them  so Wally leaves him alone telling him.
He will be back.
Beaver is polishing his bike.
When a punk teenager comes over and admires it and asks him if he can show him some cool bike tricks.
He agrees.
The boy shows him some tricks.
It becomes apparent.
Karen likes Wally  not Eddie.
They look but ca nt find it.
When Wally and Eddie come out and hear that Beaver s bike got stolen.
That night  the boys try to cover up the fact.
The bike was stolen  but.
He is very upset.
When Ward hears this.
He was nt watching him.
They get into a fight.
Sends Beaver s new computer flying out the window.
Wally grabs the wire and tries to pull it and does  but the wire breaks.
It falls out the window and crashes.
Beaver decides to skip football practice and study instead.
Wally starts spending more time.
Beaver is told.
When he is caught for skipping practice.
He can quit the team if he wants.
He does nt.
He gets a catch and runs it for a touchdown.
He finds the punk with his bike and takes it back.
Ward reads Beaver a bedtime story.
<EOS>
Adam  a former central African swimming champion  is the security guard.
He is demoted.
Conflict looms.
The local chief pressures Adam  chastising him for not attending a cause meeting.
The chief tells Adam.
He sent his 17 year old son to fight.
He also tells Adam.
He has three days to pay money to support the cause.
Adam volunteers Abdel for the army.
Troops come.
He has been drafted.
Adam resumes his job.
A young woman presents herself.
His wife s home  telling them she is Abdel s girlfriend and is expecting his child.
They take her.
The conflict worsens and the townspeople begin to flee.
Adam travels to liberate Abdel.
He finds Abdel badly wounded and smuggles him out.
Abdel says.
He wishes to swim.
Adam takes him.
He has died.
Adam floats Abdel s body off down the river.
<EOS>
King Kasyapa is the son.
Kasyapa murdered his father.
Rightfully belonged by the true queen.
Mogallana fled to escape being assassinated by Kasyapa but vowed revenge.
He raised an army with the intention of returning and retaking the throne of Sri Lanka.
Was rightfully his.
Knowing the inevitable return  Kasyapa is said to have built his palace on the summit of Sigiriya as a fortress and pleasure palace.
Mogallana finally arrived and declared war.
Kasyapa s armies abandoned.
Him and he committed suicide.
<EOS>
The film  about a kidnapped heiress  caused enormous controversy  because of the high levels of violence.
Who falls with her abductor.
Had gotten.
It was set  with the actors often struggling with their American accents.
Made. 
<EOS>
Neelakantan is the heir.
He squanders away his father s largess and good name  but is loved.
Who know him well.
Neelakantan has been the arch-rival since childhood.
One of Neelakantan s aides accidentally kills Shekaran s uncle.
This incites Shekaran to plan to avenge the death.
Meanwhile  Neelakantan offends Bhanumathi  a talented Carnatic dance graduate.
Bhanumathi quits dancing and curses Neelakantan for desecrating the art so dear to her.
Later he feels regretful and helps her family and tries to persuade Bhanumathi to take up dancing again.
She does nt budge.
Meantime  Neelakantan visits his widowed mother intending to bring her back home.
She passes away.
He was born  out of wedlock.
This fact crushes him.
Only Bhanumathi finds out this secret.
When he curses drunkenly that the ancestral heritage which he is proud  is actually not his.
She is surprised.
He visits Banumathi  telling him.
She will resume dancing only.
That night.
Injure him seriously sticks.
Neelakantan survives the attack  but his left hand and right leg are badly injured.
He undergoes Ayurvedic treatment to rejuvenate his legs.
It is.
Bhanumathi falls with him.
Neelakantan convinces Bhanumathi to dance.
He arranges at Delhi.
He refuses to marry Bhanumathi considering her future  but.
Warrier persuade him to do so.
Neelakantan tries to forget all the past events and his rivalry.
Shekaran is not satisfied and wants to defeat Neelakantan.
He kidnaps Bhanumathi and forces Neelakantan to take blows in front of the public during a village festival organized by the Mundakkal family.
Meanwhile Neelakantan s friends rescue Bhanumathi and badly and cuts off Shekaran s right hand  claiming Shekeran  I want to live peacefully.
That he will not again come up later.
This film remade as kunti putrudu with mohan babu.
<EOS>
This film takes place sometime during the reign of Emperor Nero.
Pseudolus is the lyingest  cheatingest  sloppiest slave.
Whose only wish is to buy his freedom.
A beautiful virgin courtesan Lycus  buyer and seller of beautiful women.
When he finds out that his master  Senex s handsome but dim son Hero  has fallen with Philia.
Next door  Pseudolus makes a deal  he will get the girl in return for his freedom.
Unfortunately  the virgin has been sold.
Who even now is from conquering Crete to claim her as his bride.
Pseudolus blackmails his overseer  Hysterium.
Things go wrong.
The boy gets the girl  Senex s next-door neighbor Erronius finds.
Philia and Miles Gloriosus are in fact his long-lost children.
Pseudolus gets his freedom  a beautiful concubine to be his wife  and a dowry.
<EOS>
There is going to be a wedding.
A father and son journey all the way to London  U.
K.
To participate.
Once  they come to know.
The neighbourhood is being terrorized.
The son stands up  and even beats up quite a few of them.
He asks his men not to interfere.
When the leader comes to know about this incident.
Cain decides to kill two birds  and do - divide and rule.
What the East India Company did.
But then Cain finds out.
The Pakistani befriends the Indians.
Cain kills the Pakistani.
Later the protagonist beats up Cain and gets him arrested.
<EOS>
The film opens with a captive bolt pistol of a pig on a European farm.
The video rewinds to play the slaughter.
Emphasizes the hand-held barrel.
A party centered called.
Pilot and Passengers is broken up  when they return home while the party is in progress.
The host is their daughter.
Who lives and who has  it turns out in questioning of Benny after the incident  taken advantage of the planned absence of Georg and Anna to host the impromptu party in their home.
Georg and Anna discuss the money.
Watching a newscast.
Eva won she was promoting at the party.
Benny encourages his friends to take positions in his own Pilot and Passengers game.
Benny invites a girl.
His parents are away.
He has seen to his home.
He shows her the video.
They talk.
She  Did.
You make this film.
I once saw a TV program.
They use.
It s all ketchup and plastic.
Then he unveils and loads the slaughtering gun.
He holds it  and dares the girl to discharge it.
He calls her a coward.
When she refuses.
He holds it.
She calls him a Feigling also.
When he hesitates.
He fires the gun.
She falls.
Her falling reveals a video monitor   and  finally  her body remaining still.
Which we see her crawling away and completely out of frame  Benny running to reload the gun and returning to shoot her a second time  the girl crawling back partially into frame  Benny again reloading and firing  this time apparently at her head.
Jesu  meine Freude Benny completes his pyramid scheme.
Then again  with the weekend begun  Benny first covers the body  goes through her school bag  arranges an evening out with friends  eats snacks  moves the girl s body to a closet  and cleans up the blood.
Some is seen through a video monitor.
Benny edits a video.
Benny goes out and stays overnight at his friend s home.
Goes to a cinema  window shops  and gets his hair shorn to the scalp.
His father harangues Benny about his haircut  asking.
Benny had any thought.
Later on   Benny switches the signal.
The family is watching the news.
He has made.
Benny reveals the body.
Georg removes the videotape  asks  and through careful grilling finds.
Anyone else knows.
There are no witnesses.
Clearly disturbed  the father and mother leave Benny s room.
Benny asks.
The door be left open.
Georg lists -- rather dispassionately -- the options they have  either to alert the authorities  with a resulting judgment of parental neglect and placement of their son in a psychiatric institution  or to destroy the evidence.
Anna urges --.
Any option chosen must be carefully followed.
Anna takes Benny to Egypt.
The ever-present video camera captures them  in the village  touring ancient tombs  watching sail-gliders at the beach  even a private moment of Anna in the bathroom.
There are several phone calls  with Benny and Anna separately taking the phone.
Benny seems barely affected.
He seems unable to fathom.
His mother breaks down during the vacation.
The apartment is clean.
When they return home.
Georg   succeeded.
Who had stayed.
That evening  Georg asks.
Benny Why did you do it.
Benny has no answer  And what was it like.
We see.
Anna and Georg is in.
The choir sings   despite the gaping jaws of death  despite the constant fear  let the world rage and toss.
I stand here and sing.
We see from the door of Benny s darkened bedroom  standing slightly ajar.
We hear faint voices discussing.
What to do.
Life  a voice-over asks  Why did you come now.
Benny asks  Can I go now.
<EOS>
Surgeon Dr Franticek Svoboda  a Czech patriot  assassinates the brutal Hangman of Europe  Reichsprotektor Reinhard Heydrich  and is wounded in the process.
He is helped by history professor Stephen Novotny   and his daughter Mascha.
Who is himself by the Nazis.
Fifth-Columnist Emil Czaka  a brewer  helps to arrange for 400 citizens of Prague  including Professor Novotny  to be executed.
The assassin is not named.
The resistance manages to frame Czaka himself for the murder  but.
Before the Nazis have executed many.
<EOS>
McMurphy comes to see Polly Pry about the Packer case.
She is stalked and shot.
Pry leaves.
The bullets hit.
Her skirts and lessen the blows inflicted behind her.
McMurphy and Pry meet.
She begins.
Who will become victims meeting up  where the landlady tells them that Alfred Packer is the best guide in the area.
The men find Packer  and pay his bail.
That he can be their guide.
They join together  but are soon split up.
They get suckered.
Who intend.
Packer and the men escape.
Get hopelessly lost.
He returns to find.
When Packer is scouting ahead.
Shannon Wilson Bell  a Mormon missionary  has killed and begun to eat the other prospectors.
Packer and Bell fight  Bell falls  landing  and is killed.
Packer comes out of the mountains into the nearest town and makes his report to General Adams.
Later   he is captured and brought.
Having been investigated.
The remainder depicts his trial.
Judge Gerry reads his sentence  though omitting the two consecutive repeats of dead.
The image freezes.
Packer walks from behind it.
Pry briefly summarizes.
What happened after the trial.
<EOS>
The Mandroid gives a Roman Centurion shield to his master Abbot Reeves.
Reeves orders the Mandroid dismantled.
Reeves  assistant Takada tries to help the Mandroid escape Reeves.
He tells the Mandroid to seek Col.
Takada dies.
Hunter.
S.
The Mandroid finds scientist Col.
Nora Hunter and reveals himself.
She believed Reeves to be dead and recognizes her designs.
She repairs damage done in his escape.
The Mandroid plans to return and stop Reeves  evil plans.
Nora insists.
She also brings.
P.
O.
T.
A small flying scout robot.
Arriving  Nora hires.
The best river boat captain she can find.
They head down a river.
They end up finding the Mandroid s crashed plane.
An encounter brought to this time by Reeves  time travel experiments.
They also meet Kuji  the ninja son.
Who has come to find his father.
The Mandroid informs him  killed.
His father is dead.
He joins the group.
Then storms Reeves  headquarters  only to be captured  now a cyborg himself  more advanced than the Mandroid  whose body is designed to look like Roman armor.
Reeves plans to travel back and become the new Caesar.
<EOS>
` Mo  McIsaac and his sidekick Donald try to find work to support a young orphan girl  unaware.
He finds dancing.
She is really the missing daughter.
Gangster Al Baloney and Mae West impersonator Kate kidnap the girl.
Mo is blamed.
He and Donald take off.
Where they are attacked before discovering their names are cleared.
Other plots include a young couple  Margot Burnett and Larry McCormack  finding love.
A ballet performs periodically.
<EOS>
The plot revolves under the waters of Pacific Ocean.
Jaian and Suneo take Doraemon s underwater vehicle and travel  trying to find a treasure ship.
They discover.
The environment gun that Doraemon used to protect them is running out leaving them vulnerable to the sea.
Fortunately  they are rescued.
Doraemon and his friends are later captured.
It is revealed.
Another undersea kingdom  Atlantis  now controlled  was about to destroy the Earth with nuclear weapons after mistaking a volcano eruption for an invasion.
Nobita and his friends attempt to stop the robots  but are all captured.
However   Doraemon s robotic underwater vehicle sacrifices itself to destroy the computer.
When things are.
Controlled all the robots and nuclear weapons.
Doraemon and his friends are hailed as heroes.
<EOS>
Bugs Bunny  asleep in a cotton field  is picked up by his cottony tail and bundled into a shipment put on a riverboat going down the Mississippi River.
The cotton-picking scene is accompanied.
Bugs acquires some clothes and presents himself to the steward as a top-hatted gentleman.
His self-assurance so clearly implies.
He belongs that the steward hesitates to even ask for a ticket.
Bugs simply gives the man a ticket.
Bugs could simply relax and enjoy the unexpected trip.
Must eventually take the boat back and allow him to disembark.
He prefers to seek an adversary.
Whom he can match wits.
He finds one  a neurotic riverboat gambler played by Billy Bletcher.
Bugs remains.
Shuffle s gunplay clears out the customer base.
Bugs soon wins all of Shuffle s money including the original.
When he tops the cheating Shuffle s hand.
Literally beaten  Shuffle challenges Bugs to a pistol duel.
An explosion  given to Shuffle by Bugs  leaves.
Shuffle leads him in a dance to De Camptown Races.
Bugs tricks Shuffle  only to fall back into Old Man River.
Colonel Shuffle falls and then comes back into the ship  and a failed attempt to shoot Bugs with a waterlogged pistol.
Shuffle again tries to shoot Bugs  only to be reminded.
His pistol is wet.
Shuffle points the bullet  only to get blasted in the face  apparently leaving only his clothes.
It s revealed.
Long after that he hid.
Angry  Shuffle chases Bugs down  only to end up in the boiler himself.
Being forced to get change for a cup to get water  only to shoot at Bugs.
When he puts out his fire.
Bugs dons southern belle garb and appeals.
Whom the passenger throws overboard.
However.
The lady he has assisted is a rabbit.
Bugs notes  Oh well  we almost had a romantic ending.
<EOS>
Mathematician Mauno Mutikainen is accidentally pronounced dead.
Where a splinter is being removed.
He is then cloned named Richard Ilyevitch Jyra by his creator Dr Jyra.
Loiri and Ahonen play the roles  thinking.
They are the same person.
Both would reprise their roles.
Additionally Loiri portrays a slew.
Simo Salminen once more plays a character named.
Who is the head.
The angels were portrayed.
<EOS>
Eleven years after the events of The Terminator  John Connor is ten years old and living in Los Angeles with foster parents.
His mother Sarah Connor had been preparing him as the leader of the human Resistance against Skynet  but was arrested after attempting to bomb a computer factory and remanded to a hospital for the criminally insane under the supervision of Dr Silberman.
Skynet sends a new Terminator  a T-1000  back to kill John.
A prototype sent.
Is more advanced.
Appearance it touches.
It can shape parts into knives and stabbing weapons and can mimic the voice and appearance of humans.
It can not mimic complex machines.
It assumes the identity and goes in pursuit of John.
Meanwhile  the future John Connor has sent back a reprogrammed T-800 Terminator to protect his younger self.
The Terminator and the T-1000 converge.
A chase ensues.
Which John and the Terminator escape.
Fearing  John orders.
The T-1000 will kill Sarah to get to him.
The Terminator to help free her.
They encounter Sarah.
She is initially terrified but accepts its assistance.
It helps them to escape the.
The Terminator informs John and Sarah.
Will initiate a nuclear war and go on to create the machines that will hunt the remnants of humanity.
Sarah is only informed by Kyle Reese  in Terminator 2  the T-800 discloses the date of such an event to be August 29 .
Skynet would become self-aware and initiate a nuclear war.
Sarah learns.
The man most directly responsible is Miles Dyson  a Cyberdyne Systems engineer working on a revolutionary new microprocessor that will form the basis for Skynet.
Sarah gathers weapons and plans to flee with John to Mexico.
She awakens and sets out to kill Miles Dyson to prevent Judgment Day from occurring.
She wounds him but finds herself unable to kill him in front of his family.
John and the Terminator arrive and inform Miles and learn.
Much has been reverse engineered from the CPU and arm of the previous Terminator sent after Sarah.
Convincing him  they break and retrieve the CPU and arm.
These items and his designs must be destroyed.
The police and the T-1000 arrive.
Miles is mortally shot and stays behind to trigger a detonator.
Will destroy his research.
The T-1000 pursues John  Sarah  and the Terminator  catching up in a steel mill.
The Terminator fires a grenade into the.
It falls.
Where it is destroyed.
John throws the components into the vat as well.
The Terminator then sacrifices itself  asking Sarah to lower it.
That its technology can not be used to create Skynet.
Sarah looks  believing.
If a machine can learn the value  humanity may not be doomed to.
<EOS>
London Mod Jimmy Cooper  disillusioned as a post-room boy at an advertising firm  finds an outlet for his teenage angst with his Mod friends Dave  Chalky and Spider.
One  the Rockers  is in fact Jimmy s childhood friend  Kevin.
An assault leads to a serious unprovoked attack on a Rocker.
Who   is Kevin.
A bank holiday weekend provides an excuse to come to a head.
They both descend.
A series ensues.
Jimmy escapes down an alleyway -- a girl.
The police close in.
Whom he has a crush -- to have sex.
They find themselves.
When the pair emerge.
As police are detaining rioters.
Jimmy is arrested  detained.
He calls Ace Face.
Ace Face mocks the magistrate.
When fined #.
Back  Jimmy becomes increasingly depressed.
He is thrown out by his mother.
Who finds his stash.
He then quits his job  spends his severance package  and finds.
That Steph has become the girlfriend.
The following morning his rejection is confirmed by Steph.
Jimmy takes a train back to Brighton.
He revisits the scenes of the riots and of his encounter with Steph  but then  to his horror  discovers.
His idol  Ace Face  is a lowly bellboy at a Brighton hotel.
Jimmy steals Ace s scooter and heads out  crashing it over a cliff.
<EOS>
An escaped prisoner seeks refuge by passing himself off as the Rt.
Reverend Isaiah T.
Jenkins.
He is joined by a fellow criminal  and the pair scheme to swindle the phony reverend s congregation of their offerings.
Jenkins falls.
Though she is with a poor young man named Sylvester  who happens to be Jenkins  long-estranged twin brother.
Jenkins steals money and convinces the young woman to take the blame for his crime.
She flees and dies.
As her mother locates her.
Returning  Isabelle s mother confronts Jenkins in front of the congregation.
Jenkins flees.
He kills a man.
Who tries to bring him.
The following morning  Martha Jane awakens and realizes.
The episode was only a dream.
She provides Isabelle and Sylvester to start a married life together.
<EOS>
NASA discovers an extrasolar planet  called Planet-G  similar to Earth and transmits a powerful signal from a communications array in Hawaii.
Meanwhile slacker commander Admiral Terrance Shane.
Alex Hopper gets arrested while attempting to impress Samantha Shane  daughter.
Stone Hopper  Alex s older brother and a Commander  is infuriated at Alex s lack of motivation and forces Alex to join him in the United States Navy.
Alex is a lieutenant aboard the Arleigh Burke class destroyer USS.
Stone is the commanding officer.
Alex is.
Is. 
Their ships  along  are taking part in RIMPAC naval exercises in Hawaii.
Five alien spacecraft arrive in response to the NASA signal.
Their communications ship crashes.
Four others land.
Sampson  John Paul Jones  and the JMSDF Kongo class destroyer Myoko investigate  but are trapped.
When the alien mothership erects a tower that creates a force field.
The aliens destroy Sampson and Myoko  and damage John Paul Jones  killing the commanding and executive officers.
Shots are fired.
Alex takes command.
Also learning that Stone was killed.
The John Paul Jones recovers survivors  including Captain Nagata.
Whom Alex is with.
Meanwhile the aliens have taken.
Nearby  Samantha  a physiotherapist  is accompanying retired Army veteran and double amputee Mick Canales.
They meet scientist Cal Zapata.
Who is fleeing.
Zapata informs them.
The aliens are likely planning to bounce a signal off NASA s Project Beacon satellite.
The satellite will not be.
Zapata then agrees to retrieve a radio.
Will allow Samantha and Mick to contact the John Paul Jones and relay this information.
Back  the crew faces difficulty.
The alien force field has disabled radar functions.
Nagata suggests using.
The tsunami warning buoys to track the aliens  and as their ship monitors the NOAA buoy technology the surge of the advancing alien ships generates detectable wave action.
The aliens and the humans exchange shots in a manner reminiscent of the Battleship board game.
The John Paul Jones sinks two alien ships but is unable to hit the third.
Alex had learned.
The aliens were sensitive after they had captured one  and decides to lure the third alien vessel close to shore  where he and Nagata shoot out its bridge windows as the sunrise blinds the aliens.
Both ships are destroyed.
Fearing  Alex needs to destroy the alien mothership and tower next.
The aliens are contacting a larger invasion fleet.
But the survivors are forced to return to base and acquire the only remaining naval vessel  the USS.
His ship has been destroyed.
They are able to reactivate it.
Decommissioned and turned.
The battleship manages to evade the alien weapons fire  engages the alien mothership with its powerful main guns and destroys the force field.
It was maintaining.
Alex uses the last shell to destroy the communications array  leaving the Missouri defenseless.
However  down  US Navy and Royal Australian Air Force jet fighters from the RIMPAC fleet arrive and eliminate the last alien vessel.
A ceremony is held to honor the navy personnel.
Alex asks Admiral Shane.
The Admiral initially refuses but invites Alex to discuss the matter.
A post-credits scene shows three schoolchildren and a handyman running off in terror.
An alien hand reaches out.
<EOS>
The film is set on the Mexico - United States border.
Where Red and Cat are veteran U.
S.
Border Patrol agents.
Smith is another agent.
Who arrives after transferring from California.
Smith discovers corruption and a black market system.
Attempting to enforce the law.
Meanwhile  Smith also has to support a free-spending wife.
He eventually succumbs.
A chain follows.
Which Smith discovers the depth.
He is forced to make a deadly decision.
<EOS>
Ended up.
Desperate  he meets Luther Fox  an Englishman.
Who runs an exclusive escort service called Elysian Fields  and is offered a job.
Hiding his new employment  Byron s s first client  Andrea  is married to a much-older Pulitzer Prize-winning author.
Whom Tiller greatly admires.
Complications develop.
He tries to separate a professional obligation.
<EOS>
The plot concerns a valuable gem.
One  Beau  is thought to have stolen from his adoptive family.
<EOS>
Priya Malhotra is an orphan and the type.
Who hopes to have a family and keeps a diary outlining her dreams.
She wants to meet.
Who does not drink  smoke or tell.
She is skeptical.
When her friend Honey s aunt  a card reader  Sunita Rao  predicts that she will go and find the love of her life in seven days.
She is pleasantly surprised.
When she is selected to go.
That is.
Where Immy enters.
Immy is a complete opposite.
What Priya wants.
He smokes  drinks  and lies all the time.
Immy is being chased by security and runs into Priya s hostel room.
He sees Priya and falls with her.
He leaves.
He takes her diary and escapes.
He then pretends to be the total guy.
Priya wants to be.
The two start a relationship.
Soon enough  Priya spots her diary  and realizes.
He had stolen her diary and acted to be.
She breaks up  and leaves the country to go Delhi and forget about her past.
Immy also arrives  and explains.
She reaches the airport.
Destiny wants them together.
Priya does not believe him and therefore challenges him.
If destiny did want them together  they would both find them again.
She asks Immy to write his name and phone number and uses the same note to buy a Numerology book.
Order to prove it.
Further she sells it.
Then it will prove that wants them together.
Immy finds that book on it.
They love each other and its destiny.
Three years later  Immy is engaged.
Priya is engaged.
However  a week  both of them land up in Bangkok again looking for each other.
They believe  however they are unable to find each other.
If they find each other one more time  they will prove their love.
Priya goes back  and finds the currency note and realizes.
Destiny did actually want her and Immy together.
His servant tells her.
When she calls him.
He is going.
Heartbroken Priya arrives but is too late.
She drops the note.
Had his number  and runs away.
She is crying.
Immy shows up and says a child found the note and gave it.
He realized.
She had found him.
Destiny helped.
Him find her as well.
The two express their love  and get married.
<EOS>
The film is told.
Lorenz Lubota  is a clerk  an aspiring poet  and a member of a family headed by a worrisome mother.
Who has a tense relationship.
A woman driving two white horses hits Lorenz.
Going to work one day.
Physically  he is unharmed.
The woman in the carriage consumes his every thought.
His obsession costs him his job.
When he fails to show up and threatens his boss for accusing him of stalking her.
Believing  Lorenz asks his Aunt Schwabe -- a cutthroat pawnbroker.
His poems are to be published.
He then uses to buy a new suit.
Schwab s assistant  Wigottschinski  encourages Lorenz to celebrate.
They reunite.
Who becomes Wigottschinski s girlfriend.
Unable to contact Veronika   Lorenz instead begins courting a golddigger  lavishing her  all the while reliving the day.
Who is wealthy and engaged.
Who looks.
He was run over again and again.
Lorenz s mother s health begins to deteriorate due to her worries over her son s and her daughter s actions  and Lorenz s friend Marie.
Her father learn.
Lorenz s poems will not be published.
Wigottschinski swindles more money out and gives Lorenz a sizable amount.
However  Aunt Schwabe becomes suspicious and discovers.
Lorenz will not be a published poet.
She angrily demands.
He pay back the money or else she will notify the police.
Desperate  Lorenz agrees.
She has gone to sleep and to steal enough money to pay back the loan.
She wakes up and discovers them  running.
A struggle ensues.
Wigottschinski kills her.
Melanie runs off and eventually briefly reunites before disappearing.
Lorenz is arrested and sent.
The film returns to the present.
Where Lorenz is finishing writing his life story down.
Lorenz also now has a new life.
<EOS>
Baron Victor Frankenstein is staying  slowly dying through lack of oxygen in the brain.
A former fellow-scientist resides.
The landlady s fiance has been stealing narcotics in order to support an ailing mother.
Frankenstein and the lovers relocate the Creature.
He recovers.
The police begin to close in.
The Creature awakens  and horrified to his wife.
Who is too terrified to believe he is her husband.
Wanting revenge  he pours paraffin and allows his wife to go free.
Meanwhile  Frankenstein notices.
The Creature has escaped.
He then finds the Creature   You must choose between the flames and the police  Frankenstein.
Where the Creature sets it alight  stating.
<EOS>
John Stofel is a Dutch shoemaker.
Who has settled  and has a daughter  Lizzie.
John goes off to fight in the place of a cowardly deacon.
Who gives him the title deed.
John returns.
Oil is discovered.
The deacon tries to take the land back.
However  John regains his memory  finds the hidden title deed.
The deacon is forced to give up his claim.
<EOS>
The confusion begins.
When Lucky is released and tries to lead a respectable life despite his troubled past.
Lucky once or twice reflects.
Who supposedly told him sometimes.
You do nt have any luck.
This theme is supposed to be manifested.
Lucky tries to get back on his feet but inexplicably ends up a victim of Hurricane Katrina s wrath  and loses his newly found life.
Lucky is dealt another blow.
When the government withdraws funds which he uses to try to keep kids off of the streets.
This unfortunate event leads to Lucky enduring the bad influences from his past life as a criminal.
Who lure Lucky.
Lucky is now.
When a drug deal goes bad.
Is wired.
There are short cuts of an unconventional and troubled couple  unexplained and known to the police as the Sawtooth Killers.
James Hiroyuki Liao plays.
Chang  an egotistical and maniacal accomplice  played by Cybill Shepherd  a mother of a mentally challenged man named Eugene.
Motivated  the couple brutally kidnaps  tortures  and presumably kills their abductees  recording their exploits on video  possibly for future viewing.
These two stories merge.
Angie and Lucky find themselves caught up  and Lucky ends up an unlikely hero by saving the life of a would-be victim of the Sawtooth Killers.
The film culminates saving the police officer played by Van Peebles  from Cass s son Eugene.
Who is armed.
Lucky  choosing to have a positive outlook by using perspective gained from his grandfather  characterizes the events as being the luckiest day in an unlucky man s life.
Lucky and Angie go on to receive a $ 200000 reward.
Had been offered leading the capture  arrest  and/or prosecution of the Sawtooth Killers.
<EOS>
Jin-sook has a close relationship and is surprised.
When he announces his engagement.
The three end up living together  with a nervous Su-jin keen to impress her new.
But Jin-sook is determined to sabotage her son s marriage.
<EOS>
Both governments start a secret ` special program.
A series owned petroleum installation in Brazil.
Ezekial s men use GM killer bees to eradicate the tribes.
Reporter Ann Bauer is stung  yet survives after a mysterious rescue.
Dr Stephen North realizes.
The venom has priceless healing powers and smuggles the bee.
Bauer  her nearly-divorced husband  Martin   face potential.
Who is aboard and her friend  US State Department project representative  Scotty.
Turbulence releases the bees aboard.
<EOS>
Hockey player Billy Duke joins the Toronto Maple Leafs.
Who must adapt from his.
Meanwhile  Duke is involved with rock singer Sherri Lee Nelson.
Who objects.
<EOS>
A social drama.
Who hides by working in a small mining town.
<EOS>
Bloom takes place and attempts to make a visual reconstruction of Joyce s stream of consciousness style.
<EOS>
The series revolves.
It focuses mainly.
R.
And Sue Ellen Ewing  and Christopher Ewing  the adopted son.
New main characters include Bobby s wife  Ann  Christopher s wife Rebecca.
Elena Ramos  the daughter  caught in a love triangle with Christopher and John Ross.
<EOS>
May Ho is a woman.
Who inherits a vast fortune when her rich husband drowns.
May told.
Several joking lies to win her Stanford-educated  extremely successful husband.
His mother and sister are less than pleased.
When they find out.
Since they still harbor suspicions in marrying her husband after knowing him for only seven days.
Nonetheless  the house  fortune  and a portion are hers.
Depressed  alone  and deeply missing her husband  May goes.
May finds herself lying and thinks.
She is unscathed  until she approaches her vehicle and sees her bloody body.
Ken Wong appears and scares her into returning to her body  reviving herself.
The left side is heavily injured.
She just barely evaded death.
Later   she suddenly realizes.
When she removes the gauze covering her left eye.
She can see ghosts.
She soon finds herself.
Who claims that he is her former classmate who died when he was.
May slowly develops a connection with him.
However  she has encountered  her husband has never appeared to her.
She deeply wants to see him  even.
Ken attempts to help her fulfill this wish.
He crosses the Twilight Junction to be reincarnated though it initially appears she did not succeed.
Only the spirit  Whisky  appears - seemingly close to Ken.
If the canine knows him.
Ken ask May.
He moves on.
She had to pretend that he was her husband.
Later  she goes to check and discovers.
The restorer resembles Ken  who turned to be the real Ken who did not really die when he was.
She finally realize.
The ghost who had been all the while was actually her dead husband in disguise to prevent her from becoming too attached to him and to urge her to move on.
She tries several ways to contact him.
He had moved on.
All attempts were useless.
Her ability to see ghosts had also disappeared.
The film ends.
<EOS>
The story concerns two siblings  Sohail and Nasima Wahid.
Who have been brought up with a large British Pakistani population.
Both are now students  Sohail studying law studying medicine in Leeds.
Sohail and Nasima are drawn in radically different directions.
Sohail becomes a member of MI5  while continuing his studies  in the belief.
He hopes to help to stop terrorists before the situation deteriorates further.
He learns.
A number are politically militant.
Nasima is trying to integrate  attending medical school and even dates an African blooded man.
They send her back.
When her family finds out.
Her boyfriend follows her  he is beaten severely and imprisoned and is only saved by Sohail s intervention.
She had already planned to meet the head.
These events led her to make her decision.
She leaves her death using a local female.
This means.
She no longer exists and gives her the perfect opportunity not to change her mind and carry out her intentions  while part two is from Nasima s point of view.
The serial was filmed  India  not Rawalpindi though the story takes place in Pakistan in Part II.
The DVD was released November.
<EOS>
Dil Dosti Etc explores the ambiguities.
The movie is.
Who has just entered college.
Juxtaposed is also the story of Sanjay Mishra  an ambitious Bihari student & politician with limited means.
They represent two divergent world views -- the liberal.
Directionless and laidback  Apurv searches.
Meanwhile Sanjay works single-mindedly to win the college Presidential elections  and yet catches the attention.
Dil Dosti Etc is woven together.
Who have their own stories to tell.
Set is a silly wager.
The two protagonists engage in.
Sanjay will win the elections.
Apurv will manage to have sex.
You get to test the film s premise   you believe.
The film moves.
When you re young.
The possibilities are endless.
<EOS>
This army satire follows a small group.
When they are assigned to spend a few days guarding a small rock island named Pitta to defend an alleged invasion.
Everything looked normal.
A Turkish boat disembarked 4 castaways.
Amongst.
The models was the niece.
The protagonists did not know.
What to do since a diplomatic episode could be inevitable.
The outcome is the involvement.
<EOS>
Meek  aging  hypochondriac stage producer J.
J.
Hobart   is going to mount a new show.
Who always thinks he is about to die.
His partners Morty Wethered and Tom Hugo lost the money in the stock market.
They insure J.
J.
So they need to produce the show.
When he dies  they will have the money.
Genevieve s friend  ex-chorus girl Norma Perry is sweet.
He writes the policy.
When Rossi s boss  Andy Callahan finds out how old J.
J.
Is   Rossi decides.
He is afraid he wil not pass the physical  but when Hobart does.
He has to keep J.
J.
Alive as long  to reap the rewards of his sale.
Morty and Hugo have everything to gain if J.
J.
Dies. 
They try to help things along.
They talk Genevieve.
When that fails.
J.
Ends up falling in love with him instead.
Rossi finds out the reason  and talks his boss  Callahan  into investing in J.
J.
S show  to save the company the money.
It would have to pay.
J.
Dropped dead was broke and could not put on the show.
When the show is a success Genevieve and J.
J.
Get married  and so do Norma and Rossi.
<EOS>
Judge Mauro Ponticelli has been raised.
However  Marta has been having mental problems and fantasizing.
Concerns him greatly.
She seems to recover.
When he introduces her.
Mauro then finds himself becoming jealous.
<EOS>
A malevolent  paranormal intelligence is moving from house to house.
It terrorizes the occupants.
Then it travels along the power lines.
The terror restarts.
Having thus wrecked one household  the pulse finds itself in the home of a boy s divorced father.
Whom he is visiting.
It gradually takes control  badly injures the stepmother  and traps father and son.
Who must fight their way out.
<EOS>
Chu Liuxiang is having drinks.
Gong Nanyan suddenly appears and accuses Chu of having stolen and committed a series of murders.
The palace s Heaven s One Holy Water.
She agrees to give Chu a month s time to clear his name.
Else the mistress will kill him.
Chu s curiosity and eagerness spur him to investigate the case.
To prove his innocence.
<EOS>
Ken Li Wen-Kin is a senior member.
He has an egocentric and overpowering personality.
He is intolerant  Brenda suffering due to his macho personality.
The main action begins.
When Inspector Li is brought in to investigate a cop who has committed a crime.
The cop reveals.
He remembers nothing since he met a man the night.
The strange circumstances lead Li.
Who is a master hypnotist.
Jack clearly knows.
Who is responsible but is also clear that only he can identify the culprit.
Li therefore springs Jack and takes him along.
It is clear.
They fail to catch the criminal.
There is a plot to steal two Egyptian diamonds.
Inadvertently hypnotized  Inspector Li retrieves the diamonds from the safe.
Jack takes them and heads off to give them.
Who is holding his wife hostage.
Inspector Li is arrested.
His colleagues use the situation to settle some old scores.
Inspector Li escapes by jumping from the Qing Ma Bridge.
His girlfriend  Brenda  still hopelessly  helps him to evade recapture to pursue Jack and the criminal mastermind Ocean.
Order to recover the diamonds.
Unpredictable and easily upset Ocean finds.
Jack has double crossed him  in order to ensure compliance he places Jack s wife and his partner s children to slowly run out of air.
Jack returns to retrieve the diamonds and runs into Inspector Li.
Together they go after Ocean.
They split up to search the complex.
Jack searches desperately  finally finding her inside the locked vacuum chamber.
Brenda is taken.
The situation becomes desperate.
Li has Ocean cornered.
He is forced to choose and taking out Ocean.
Finally  Li helps Jack to cause an explosion to wipe out Ocean.
They hide.
Able now to reach his wife  Ching desperately tries to wake her.
Mortally wounded  he lays his head.
He dies.
His wife comes and sees her husband  but is too late.
Li finally realizes.
There is more than work and begins to treat his girlfriend better.
<EOS>
A thriller film based  the film shows an independent television reporter and her cameraman  part of a small independent news crew interviewing a man in regards to a serial killer.
The man knew.
The man traces back.
He is.
He became the monster.
<EOS>
Don Gregor  the son  is jailed by the police for carrying an unlicensed handgun.
Inspector Johns and Lt.
Lawrence suspect.
He is an associate.
Don s sister Marilyn bails her brother out.
The siblings agree to keep their father uninformed.
Dr Gregor is aware  but believes.
Don is a good person and that everything will straighten itself out nicely.
Brady plans to rob a theater.
Don is reluctant to become involved but is bullied.
Don kills a night watchman and Brady wounds the theater s bookkeeper.
The two crooks get away.
But Brady senses Don is having second thoughts.
Fearing Don will turn himself  Brady kills him and stuffs his body into a closet.
Brady decides to undergo plastic surgery.
Order to elude the police.
He contacts Dr Gregor  telling him he is holding his son hostage.
Plastic surgery is completed.
Dr Gregor begins the surgery  but discovers his son s corpse in the closet.
He controls himself  and completes the surgery.
Two weeks later  Brady s bandages are removed  and   Brady s facial features are exactly those of Don s.
The police arrive.
Who identifies Don.
Brady makes a break  but dies in a shoot-out with the police.
<EOS>
Claire resents the fact.
She has never been.
She soon falls but is left heartbroken and disturbed  largely thanks to her emotionally unstable friends.
<EOS>
An ordinary Prague family  the Lavicka s  yearns to have a house.
They make a deal.
They will rent part and that he will live there until spring  and then move to his son in Slovakia and sell the house to them.
However  he does not appear to be preparing.
Time goes.
Oldich is not up and is instead making friends with the good-natured old man.
Vera Lavickova tries to get her husband  Oldich  to remind Mr Komarek.
<EOS>
The plot portrays the Swedish government.
The story is uncovered  not unlike Rabe herself.
Divers hired by the Swedish government spent hours breaking into cabins frantically searching for a black attache case carried by a Russian space technology dealer  Aleksandr Voronin.
She highlighted US interest  including nuclear-powered satellites.
She also suggested.
Panic is the most likely reason behind the initial Swedish government suggestion of burying the wreck in concrete  a highly unusual proposal for a wreck  reminiscent of Chernobyl s sarcophagus.
<EOS>
One is killed by drug dealer and gangster Goli.
Mona  a cabaret singer and Goli s mistress  agrees to testify and is placed into witness protection by Inspector Karan  Arjun s younger brother.
Who aims to fight any injustice and avenge his brother s murder.
He tracks her down and kills her.
When Goli finds out.
Deepak Kumar   is frustrated and being type-caste as a romantic hero.
Who is the most romantic actor around.
He would like to do something different and bring some change and excitement.
To To change his monotonous life  he gets drunk and drives around.
He is arrested  and brought to his rowdy producer.
This is  Deepak would like to study his behavior.
Where he meets Karan and is very impressed.
That he can use this.
Karan meets Basanti.
Who is looks identical.
He promises to let Deepak hang around him.
Deepak can get Basanti to act.
Deepak trains Basanti and presents the new Mona.
Karan places Basanti as an amnesiac Mona.
Where she can report.
That s.
They uncover Goli eventually.
Deepak falls is love.
Karan and Mona fall with each other.
<EOS>
Set  it focuses on a multi-racial group of South London youths.
Who form a band called Greenwich Mean Time.
They all work out what direction.
Their lives are headed.
The narrative inches its protagonists.
The film progresses.
<EOS>
Lifecycles  a Story is an hour long documentary film shot over an eight month period on location in Malawi  Africa.
Malawi wo nt perish  but must grow.
Lifecycles provides a detailed glimpse.
Directors Doug Karr and Sierra Bellows travel.
Encompasses sadness and hope  defeat and renewal.
<EOS>
A Royal Air Force airman has left a letter to be sent upon his death.
Who dies.
This film shows that letter being delivered.
We see the mother  looking through his things and remembering him as a youth.
The letter is read out.
The letter tells for joining the armed forces and going to fight  knowing full well.
He could die.
<EOS>
-LCB- -LCB- Advert -RCB- -RCB- makes  in the life of a troubled nation  a battleground state  and an American family.
All three meet head-on  a campaign in which J.
Kenneth Blackwell  responsible.
Bush  meets his match  Democratic candidates for Governor and Lieutenant Governor Ted Strickland and Lee Fisher.
The whole process is documented  with an intimate look at not only a critical fight in a key state  but also the experience of the Fisher family.
They put it.
The film is highlighted from top politicos such as Bill and Hillary Clinton  Barack Obama  Robert F.
Kennedy  Jr.
John Edwards  Bill Richardson  John Kerry and Madeleine Albright.
<EOS>
A squad of Marines from the South battle Chinese forces in the North  and are killed off one by one.
<EOS>
The basic storyline follows Bobby and Scott  two young men in their late twenties.
Who are struggling to make careers out.
Their competitiveness gets in the way.
Bobby is a screenwriter.
Scott is a musician but neither are productive.
They share incredibly high standards.
Bobby meets an old lover  Deirdre.
Who is headed.
She begs Bobby to take care.
She s gone.
Bobby agrees but only.
Later   Scott tells their mutual friend  Hart  a playwright  and Hart steals the idea  incorporating it.
When Bobby makes the mistake.
Bobby loses Deirdre s dog and tries to figure out a way to get out.
<EOS>
A race of huge  insectoid aliens is discovered traveling the galaxy.
These aliens   seem dedicated.
Are known.
The latter takes its first steps away.
They are getting closer and closer.
Humanity has responded.
These complex robots -- RX-7 Machine Weapons -- are actually an advanced type.
However  they are being used.
Advanced as they are.
However  being relatively new technology  they are difficult to operate  so pilot candidates are selected.
These are trained.
The story begins.
Her own talents are questionable.
Noriko s father was a famous admiral who went missing following one of the first battles of the war.
When compared.
Nonetheless  she has entered a training school.
Where she is largely influenced.
He has faith.
She will overcome her early clumsiness.
Other students are critical.
Noriko idolizes the beautiful  competent and talented Kazumi Amano.
She is not alone  the other students recognize.
Amano is the top RX-7 pilot  and likely the entire world.
Coach Ohta shows the extra training.
Amano creates  inspiring Noriko to look within herself for strengths which she did not know that she had.
Only two Gunbuster pilots will be selected for the real mission.
Amano   will be going.
All want the second slot on the team.
Takaya is determined to win  not only to be but also to find her father.
She is thrilled to discover.
She has been chosen as the second Japanese pilot.
Conflict between Takaya and other students comes to a head.
When the second-best RX-7 pilot publicly challenges her to a one-on-one fight.
Planned   Ohta learns of the duel and comes to the battleground -- but does nothing.
When none will be around to stop it.
He is there to observe  and perhaps to save Takaya s life.
The combat gets too intensive.
Takaya is.
The older student humiliates her.
Noriko realizes -- she is getting too much information.
Takaya s RX-7 is pummeled.
Her difficulties are a case.
She turns off her monitors.
Her opponent is infuriated and prepares the final  killing blow.
The systems go dark.
She destroys her opponent s.
As it appears that Noriko is doomed.
Her opponent muses.
The school rookie has beat her.
This is the proof.
Ohta was seeking.
Noriko had an innate ability which would be invaluable to come.
Together   Takaya is sent into space to train with other representatives from all over the solar system in preparation for the attack upon the space monsters.
There they are introduced by the name of Jung Freud.
Takaya and Amano are stopped by Jung  and challenged to a duel.
Amano and Jung become completely involved.
Noriko trails along.
All three get lost.
The fight stops midway.
When all three come with the first space monster that was defeated and captured.
They are let go.
They return they are scolded.
Jung later apologizes  and thus begins a friendship with the two.
The young pilots are placed for subspace traveling.
They move farther.
Takaya is sent into the hangars and meets a male space pilot named Toren Smith.
Amano comes and asks the Coach to end their partnership.
Takaya overhears the conversation and ends up partnering instead.
The first true battle begin.
The humans realize.
Vastly outmaneuvered and outnumbered they are.
They are able to retreat.
Takaya has lost Smith  and gained an uncontrollable fear.
Takaya is determined to improve and asks the Coach for private lessons.
Jung finds out and thinking  challenges her.
She doing so to control Gunbuster.
But  Takaya breaks down and is taken to the infirmary.
Before they are able to fight.
Seeing.
They are outmatched the captain.
To keep the location.
The plan is unsuccessful.
The fleet is attacked  leading to the destruction of the majority of the fleet.
Only the Exelion and a couple minor cruisers are still alive.
They reach Earth s orbit.
The second battle starts and things look grim.
Finally Takaya realizes  and helps her friends and crew members.
What she must do.
She takes control and manages to force the enemy to retreat.
Takaya and friends then must face the trauma and the discovery of loss.
The story goes back.
This battle is over.
Takaya  Amano and Jung realize.
Much things have changed.
Her old nemesis is now the coach.
Who had previously challenged her.
Her best friend is now a mother.
Earth has been working.
A safety is ever attacked.
That has already passed them.
Takaya and friends try to re-adjust to living in a world.
Takaya tries to reconnect.
Amano tries to share her feelings.
The peace is broken  however.
When Earth is notified that a fleet is headed towards Earth.
The idea of sending the old Exelion as an unmanned black hole bomb  is proposed.
The Gunbuster is nominated to escort the bomb there  and then to come home.
Takaya and Amano.
Conjoin. 
Will last an hour or more  but half a year to everyone back on Earth.
Amano breaks down  admitting.
They almost reach their goal.
She does not want go forward  since each second forward means the longer she is away  who is now dying from space radiation.
Takaya is able to convince her to continue.
Their mission is a success.
It turns out.
When they come back.
Amano and he get married.
The final episode starts 15 years later.
When the Coach is dead.
The aliens are coming back.
Earth has been working on a small planet sized black hole bomb.
Has been created using the mass.
This will cause a black hole to be formed.
When it is detonated  along ` slave mines  placed around the center of the galaxy.
Will suck the space monsters.
Amano is sent back up to fight in a new mobile suit called Sizzlers  buster sized machines  piloted individually.
Jung had taken over.
She has been busy.
Amano and Takaya meet once more.
Amano expresses her love.
Has grown while the two have been apart.
Takaya  at first  is withdrawn seeing the changes and maturity her time.
Amano is ordered to man Gunbuster  and both fight alongside others to defend the bomb.
When the final battle begins.
The alien army is fended off  allowing the black hole bomb to be set.
However  they find out the enemies  attacks.
When the time comes to activate.
Have damaged 2.
Amano and Takaya decide to dive down and activate it by using one of Gunbusters two Degeneracy reactors.
Though doing so means they will likely be unable to leave.
Noriko and Kazumi spend 12000 Earth years objective traveling home.
The bomb is set off.
Only hours or days have passed.
The pilots can not make contact with anyone nor see any sign of habitation on the planet  suggesting.
Human civilization is long gone.
However  their despair is instantly dispelled.
When a massive light pattern suddenly appears.
<EOS>
A psychotic killer  Garland Red Lynch  uses a campaign to force San Francisco bank teller Kelly Sherwood to steal $ 100000 from the bank for him.
She goes.
Where agent John Ripley takes charge.
Ripley interviews a woman  Lynch murders her.
Who implies that she s involved  but before she can give Ripley the details.
Sherwood continues to be terrorized.
The FBI identifies the criminal  noting.
Red Lynch has a record.
They track down his girlfriend  Lisa Soong.
Whose 6-year-old son has just had a hip replaced.
Lynch is paying all the hospital bills.
Lisa refuses to believe and will not cooperate with the investigation.
Lynch is a criminal.
Ripley nevertheless manages to get some information.
Lynch finally gives Sherwood a time and date to steal the money  and just to make sure  he kidnaps her sister Toby and holds her captive.
She does.
The climax is a chase after a nighttime baseball game between the San Francisco Giants and Los Angeles Dodgers.
Ripley and his men ultimately surround Lynch.
<EOS>
An amiable garage mechanic  Ed Walters  meets Catherine Boyd  a beautiful Princeton University mathematics doctoral candidate.
She comes.
There is an immediate connection.
She refuses to acknowledge it.
Finding a watch  Ed travels and finds.
She left.
Himself face to face.
Albert  portrayed.
Who along mischievous friends  fellow scientists Nathan Liebknecht  Kurt Godel  and Boris Podolsky.
Who would be better suited.
The four attempt to help Ed look and sound more like a scientist.
That life is not all about the mind but about the heart as well.
This is intended to be Einstein s most enduring legacy.
He realizes that he ll not be available for very much longer.
Catherine eventually sees  but falls for Ed anyway.
The very last image is of a smiling Albert Einstein using a small telescope to spy on the two young moonstruck lovers.
They take delight.
<EOS>
Mr Pratt  the mean old school board chairman  has fired their beloved teacher Miss Pipps because she threw a birthday party during class.
He s demoted to caretaker.
Mr Swenson is justifiably promoted.
Miss Pipps returns.
Yet  compassion is shown.
When his birthday is honored.
<EOS>
The film begins.
He jumps ship to swim.
When he realizes that the ship he signed up is just passing by Haleakaloha  French Polynesia  and not actually stopping there.
Next  Michael Guns Donovan  another expatriate U.
S.
Navy veteran and a former shipmate  returns from a fishing trip aboard an outrigger canoe.
Donovan is greeted.
S.
Navy veteran and the only physician.
Who is about to begin a one or two week pre-Christmas circuit  taking care of the health.
Dedham s three children are placed.
The kids  plans  on December 7  are shattered by the arrival of Gilhooley.
Who shares the same birthday.
There is an unbroken 21-year tradition.
Donovan and Gilhooley have a knock-down  drag-out fight every birthday --.
Their 22nd year does not break the tradition.
The two vets meet.
Miss Amelia Dedham is a proper young lady.
Who has become the chairman.
Her father is Doc Dedham.
Whom she has never met  but who now has inherited a large block in the family company  making him the majority stockholder.
She travels.
Doc has violated an outdated morality clause.
A scheme is concocted.
When word reaches Haleakaloha that Miss Dedham is.
De Lage is Haleakaloha s French governor.
Who hopes to find a post somewhere else.
Donovan is to pretend to be the father.
Doc comes back and can explain things.
The plan is reluctantly accepted.
Who believes that the deception is because she and her siblings are nt white.
The plan works.
Amelia learns.
Her father  Donovan and Gilhooley were marooned after their destroyer was sunk in World War II.
The three men conducted a guerrilla war against the Japanese.
She also learns.
Her father built a hospital  and lives.
A mystery develops.
She enters the house and sees a portrait.
This  the viewer understands  was Doc s wife  the mother.
Amelia is not told.
She learns.
The woman was named Manulani.
Donovan mentions.
Luke s mother had died.
Amelia learns.
The story develops.
Life is not as she expected.
Neither is Donovan   and the owner.
Who proves to be educated and intelligent.
Amelia  too  is not as expected.
When she strips off her outdated swimming costume to reveal a tight swimsuit  challenges Donovan  and dives into the water.
They develop a truce.
De Lage tries.
Father and daughter meet.
When Dr Dedham returns.
He has been told.
He explains.
He was serving.
He felt  but was desperately needed  so he stayed.
When the war ended.
He was not needed.
He has even signed to Amelia.
He intends to remain.
A hospital emergency interrupts.
As he is about to explain.
It turns out.
Manulani was the granddaughter.
Amelia finally puts all of the pieces together to solve the mystery.
Leilani -- Manulani s daughter -- is not only the island s princess.
Amelia s sister  a relationship acknowledged.
Is tearfully but joyfully.
Amelia and Donovan evolve their truce.
Gilhooley also finally marries his longtime girlfriend  Miss Lafleur.
Donovan points out the new sign.
Is now Gilhooley s Reef.
Donovan has given the bar as a wedding present.
Crisis resolved  life can return to normal.
<EOS>
Jimmy Rabbitte aspires to manage the world s greatest band   soul.
Disgusted  he assembles a soul band in the tradition of Otis Redding  Aretha Franklin  James Brown  and Wilson Pickett.
Jimmy holds auditions and assembles a group of young musicians.
Jimmy s band is all white.
Who has unlikely stories.
<EOS>
Kalyani is the daughter.
Who resides.
Kalyani  brought up by her father s friend Kaimal  falls in love with another man and decides to marry against the wishes of her father.
He ditches her.
When her boyfriend finds out that she will be disinherited.
Her father decides to retract his disapproval and spend a fortnight s vacation with his daughter and son-in-law in his estate near a tribal community.
Where Menon is the chief.
Kalyani and Kaimal want to make it as happy as possible.
Her father is already ill and because this may be his last vacation.
They decide to conceal the fact.
Her boyfriend dumped her.
Kaimal hires Vishnu to play the part.
Meanwhile Kalyani s cousin Bhaskaran Nambiar  is determined not to let go.
Who is the caretaker.
He knows and makes various botched attempts to prove this.
Vishnu is not Kalyani s boyfriend.
Initially Vishnu and Kalyani do not get along and keep bickering.
But  she develops an affection and hopes to marry him for real.
Time passes.
A couple have a mysterious visitor.
Who claims to be a relative.
Finally it is revealed.
Vishnu is actually an escaped convict who is sentenced to death.
The visitor turns out to be the prison warden.
Vishnu s past is shown.
He was a freelance photographer named Revathy  a mute dancer.
Who was married.
They also had a child.
Vishnu discovers and begins to suspect her.
A man was visiting his wife when he was not around.
Coming home one day he finds the man there and tries to attack him.
Revathy dies  Vishnu discovers.
The man is actually her brother who is a naxalite.
He tells Kalyani.
He escaped prison to make money.
He asks Jail Warden.
Is it possible for him to live.
He started to like life again.
The warden did not reply.
He is helpless regarding this.
Kalyani s father returns to the US.
The final scene shows the warden taking Vishnu  with Kalyani watching him leave.
Where his execution awaits him.
<EOS>
Persuasion tells the story.
Eight years prior  Anne - at the age of 19 - was engaged to Wentworth.
However  her father Sir Walter Elliot and especially the family friend Lady Russell persuaded Anne to break off the engagement and give up the man.
She loves because he has no fortune.
Wentworth was not considered rich or important enough to marry an Elliot.
Eight years later   the family is in financial difficulties.
The Elliot family residence  Kellynch Hall  has to be let out.
Suitable tenants are soon found.
Mrs Croft is the sister.
Who has risen in the meantime and has become rich while serving in the Royal Navy.
Elizabeth and Sir Walter set off in Bath.
Anne stays behind  visiting her sister Mary Musgrove and living in the nearby estate Uppercross.
Who is married.
Anne then meets Frederick Wentworth again.
When he comes to visit his sister.
Staying  Anne meets Captain Wentworth several times and has to witness  and is convinced.
What she perceives to be his advances.
He will never forgive her  let alone love her again.
Eventually Anne goes  and becomes subject to the attentions of Mr Elliot  a distant cousin.
Who will inherit her father s wealth and title.
Mr Elliot proposes.
Who  though still very much  does not immediately decline Mr Elliot s offer.
Admiral Croft  having heard a rumour to Anne  sends Wentworth to ask Anne.
She and her new husband require them to quit Kellynch Hall.
Anne informs Wentworth  but  Wentworth leaves.
Admiral Croft has been very much misinformed.
Anne runs to find him.
Her good friend Harriet reliably informs her.
Mr Elliot is currently also courting Mrs Clay  whom it seemed Anne s father might marry.
Mr Elliot only wants to marry Anne.
Order to inherit the title once he dies  and establish Mrs Clay as his mistress.
Wentworth declares his undying love and proposes to her in a letter.
Anne and Wentworth eventually find.
Anne accepts Wentworth s proposal  and says.
She has never been more determined.
The movie skips in a carriage  Anne blindfolded.
Anne finds herself standing.
Removed. 
The film ends on the lawn of their new home  dancing together.
<EOS>
Eighteen year-old Michael Corben is a slacker.
He spends all of his time drinking and partying.
He learns.
He can not graduate.
He has only one more chance to obtain the credit  the French teacher  Mrs Grober.
The French Club are headed for summer school.
Michael must accompany them and participate.
He wants to graduate next summer.
However   a CIA agent also named Michael Corben  is killed by the assassin Ilsa Grunt  henchwoman and surrogate mother of the villainous Augustus Steranko.
Who is as well.
Who seeks to steal all and use it to mint his own coins under the guise of a common currency.
Michael is mistaken.
Important details have been kept meticulously secret.
He is inexplicably boarded.
First class is whisked away by British Intelligence.
The late Agent Corben s mission had been to protect Augustus Steranko.
Who has been murdering European finance ministers.
Michael agrees to play along.
Some efforts to explain that he is nt the Corben they think he is.
It becomes apparent that he will be allowed to utilize high-tech gadgets   exploding chewing gum and LA Gear sneakers with suction cups  as well as a Lotus Esprit.
He enjoys the thrilling adventures  including Zigesfeld  a henchman with a prosthetic gold hand  and Areola Canasta.
The life provides  but begins to rethink his decision once his life begins being endangered by Steranko s deadly assassins.
Who kills her victims using her poisonous pet scorpion.
Steranko however captures Michael s teacher and classmates and holds them all hostage.
Now Michael teams up named Mariska  the daughter of Agent Blade as well as all of Europe s gold.
Whom Steranko and his gang murdered  to bring the villains down and save his friends.
Michael escapes  rescues Mrs Grober and his friends  and battles and defeats Zigesfeld in the film s climax.
Steranko  his duplicit nature exposed  kidnaps Mariska and attempts to escape with his gold in his Eurocopter Ecureuil helicopter.
Michael manages to rescue Mariska.
Steranko is subsequently killed.
When he falls out.
It and the onboard gold supply both drop.
Afterwards  Mrs Grober agrees to give Michael the French credit.
<EOS>
The special opens.
The grandkids are anxious  thinking only of the toys.
He ll bring them.
The grandfather sits down and tells them the main story.
The story is.
Who knows nothing but greed.
He throws temper tantrums any time.
He sees what he wants.
He wants everything.
He sees.
Jeremy s mother and father inform him.
He will get no more toys.
Jeremy goes and plays with the thousands of toys.
He already owns.
He comes   then he should ask Santa Claus instead.
His parents would nt get him the toys.
Jeremy writes every toy.
He can think.
He finishes and mails it and waits for Christmas to come.
July  August  and September pass.
He remains.
Santa has received the letter and  through his wisdom  believes.
The half-mile list has to come  for no one boy could possibly want so much.
So  looking look all over the world for the town of Jeremy Creek.
One elf finds it  and noted.
It was nt.
Feeling guilty  Santa orders everything  one for each boy and girl in the little forgotten town.
Halloween and Thanksgiving pass.
Soon it is Christmas Eve.
Jeremy goes up and waits for Santa to arrive.
When night falls.
Santa eventually comes  but Jeremy is devastated.
When Santa passes without stopping at his house.
He cries himself to sleep.
He witnesses a report stating.
When he awakens the next morning.
Santa Claus has brought holiday cheer.
Jeremy is resentful  his cold heart melts.
The kids got the toys he wanted  but when the kids on the TV state that they d like to give a thank-you to whoever wrote to Santa telling him to visit their town.
He realizes.
This accidental good deed makes him feel better than any present ever could.
Immediately following Jeremy s newfound change  Santa appears in a small size  telling him.
He s come to grant the swamp town s hero whatever he wants.
Jeremy replies.
He does nt really want anything  for he has learned that it is better to give than to receive.
Santa makes Jeremy his assistant for helping him deliver Christmas presents  a task.
He lovingly accepts and continues to perform until he outgrows his seat.
Jeremy becomes a more caring boy  sharing his toys with his neighbors.
The special closes.
Have taken the story and now do nt care what they get from Santa.
The old man then tells them.
Every few Christmases.
Santa still picks out a little boy or girl to assist him.
Some snow falls off the old man s mailbox to reveal the name J.
Creek  implying was the actual Jeremy Creek.
The old man telling the story.
<EOS>
Good Night  and Good Luck.
Is set  during the early days of television broadcast journalism.
Edward R.
Murrow and his dedicated staff -- headed in the CBS newsroom -- defy corporate and sponsorship pressures  and discredit the tactics used by Joseph McCarthy during his crusade to root out Communist elements within the government.
Murrow first defends Milo Radulovich.
Who is facing separation.
S.
Air Force is subscribed to a Serbian newspaper.
Murrow makes a show.
A very public feud develops.
When McCarthy responds.
Murrow is accused.
Industrial Workers was false.
The CBS crew carries on.
Their tenacity ultimately strikes a historic blow.
Historical footage also shows the questioning.
The film s subplots feature Joseph and Shirley Wershba  recently married staffers  having to hide their marriage to save their jobs as well as the suicide of Don Hollenbeck.
Who had been accused.
The film is framed.
Which Murrow harshly admonishes his audience not to squander the potential to inform and educate the public.
Edward R.
Murrow Speech  1958  Radio Television Digital News Association RTNDA.
<EOS>
Richard Beck is a police detective.
Who believed that rape victims are to blame.
He is later raped he had been chasing.
Ultimately  he changes his beliefs.
This made was groundbreaking in.
It portrayed the rape by two other men  and because of this it has become a cult classic.
<EOS>
Hunky writer Markus returns home to find his boyfriend.
Newly single  he begins waiting tables.
Where the indelible supporting cast offers conflicting directions on the off-road map to love and lust in New York City.
<EOS>
Jack Lemmon plays a successful  physically exhausted  pill-popping American businessman  going.
Who visits Naples  Italy.
He spends several days.
Who has a more laid-back philosophy and is devoted.
Lemmon s character learns.
To relax and live the good life.
<EOS>
Rashaan Nall stars.
Who has formed a musical partnership.
Enter Domino Breed  ruthless CEO.
Filling Jaxx s head  Domino lures the young performer to California.
Jaxx grows distant and loved ones  especially his wife Shonda.
He becomes immersed common to so many of Domino s disciples.
Who had originally been.
Inevitably  the greed-dictated rivalry culminates in tragedy.
<EOS>
This is the story.
Rosalio survives.
Everyone is welcomed but the situation becomes unbearable.
Rosalio must choose.
Whose side he is.
<EOS>
Josie Geller is a highly intelligent  but socially inept  copy editor.
Who has never had a real relationship.
Rigfort assigns her to report undercover at a high school to help parents become more aware of their children s lives.
Josie tells her brother Rob.
He reminds her.
She was a misfit labelled Josie Grossie  a nickname which continues to haunt her.
Her first day is miserable.
Josie reverts.
Ruined her first high school career.
She also has an unfortunate run-in  three mean  popular girls  and Guy Perkins  the most attractive  popular student at South Glen South.
Guy and his friends have hidden her car.
When a kind-hearted  intelligent girl named Aldys befriends her.
Aldys dislikes Guy and his gang  referring as lemmings.
They view her as an uncool geek.
Aldys suggests.
Josie should join The Denominators  a group.
Josie does but fails to get her story.
Josie becomes enamoured.
Who is a fan.
Is Josie.
She becomes the top student.
Josie has horrible flashbacks to.
Where she read a romantic poem to her high school crush  a popular boy named Billy Prince  who made fun of her for it.
One night called The Court.
Josie encounters Guy Perkins and his gang at a local hangout.
Where promiscuity and underage drinking takes place.
Guy is nasty.
Who claims that nothing exciting happens.
Josie knows.
Aldys secretly longs to be popular.
Her superior Augustus Gus Strauss loses patience.
A rival paper exposes the truth.
Orders Josie to become friends.
He arranges.
Her to wear a hidden camera that will report back information.
Soon the whole office becomes obsessed.
Josie s co-worker Anita   grows unhappy with her promiscuous lifestyle and develops an attraction towards Gus.
He reciprocates.
Josie goes home and confides about her fears.
She tearfully tells him and all she wants.
South Glen South is simply a repetition.
Is to be accepted and not abused.
Rob - - insists.
Who was the most popular guy.
If Josie can get one cool person to like her  then no one will dare question her.
He urges her to let go and start anew.
Determined  Josie goes and overhears Guy telling his group about a cool band.
Are playing that night.
Josie follows and meets Sam and his uptight girlfriend  Lara.
However  she is tricked and makes a fool of herself onstage by dancing wildly in front of Guy  the girls  and Sam.
The next day  Josie oversleeps and is late.
The ink prints the word loser  unknown to her.
Her hand was stamped loser the night.
She merrily goes and is horrified to find everyone mocking her.
She runs  sees the mark on her face and vomits in the toilet.
She breaks down and remembers the night of her prom.
She was overjoyed taking her to the prom and waits outside for him in her prom gown.
But  he has another girl.
When Billy arrives.
The both hurl eggs and insults at Josie.
Who collapses.
She encounters Rob.
She runs.
Who has enrolled to help her be popular.
He becomes an instant hit  and spreads incredible stories about Josie  convincing the others.
She is not a loser.
Much becomes popular and hangs out with the cool crowd.
Sam and Josie grow closer.
Sam struggles.
He thinks that she is a student and therefore off limits.
Josie begins dating Guy.
She recommends.
The theme should be Meant for Each Other  famous couples throughout history.
This idea is met.
Guy and Josie attend the prom as Rosalind.
Orlando As You Like It.
Anita  Gus and Josie s various other co-workers watch and are overjoyed.
She is voted prom queen.
Josie dances and watches  horrified.
Guy dances  as an alleged act of friendship.
Gibby  Kirsten and Kristen nearly pour dog food them.
Josie knocks the can away and spills dog food over the three girls.
Who turn and denounce her as a loser.
Infuriated  Josie throws her crown away and reveals her true age and occupation  and.
She is disgusted.
She angrily states.
Shallow the popular girls are  and praises Aldys.
Josie warns the students.
Who one was means nothing outside in the real world and urges them to be themselves.
She flees and leaves the students appalled.
Sam is hurt he wants nothing to do with her.
Also angry is Rob.
Who received a second chance to play baseball and be scouted for the pros.
He tells Josie.
He taught those kids something and that she totally ruined things.
Josie vows to give Gus a story and write her story.
She admits.
She has never been kissed  and also mentions the students  kindly remarking on Guy s confidence  Gibby  Kirsten and Kristen s beauty  and Aldys s intelligence.
Her love.
The entire city is moved she suffered in her teens.
She says.
She will stand and wait for Sam to come and kiss her.
He really loves her.
She also makes amends by using her influence at the paper to secure Rob an assistant coaching job with the team  something.
He proves to be successful doing.
Josie waits but Sam has not heard.
He is moving.
She waits from Anita  Aldys  Gus  Guy and the girls.
The clock runs out.
A heartbroken Josie drops the microphone.
She s been holding.
Fighting tears  she hears cheers rising later.
Sam rushes.
Sam apologizes.
<EOS>
Real life drama  humor  death-defying waves  rivalries  parties  heart-break  romance  injuries  and humanity all collide.
The film follows multiple story lines  taking the real-life events to construct a moving story.
<EOS>
Maurice Castle  an MI6 officer  formerly stationed  is now working a desk job in London.
Castle falls.
When it emerges that leaks have been occurring.
Much emanates from the fact.
He has a black South African wife.
<EOS>
Dad dies on the sidewalk at a local shopping mall.
His family is wondering.
What has become.
Dad is a watchmaker  and the family s sole means.
Who repairs watches.
Alfredo and Julian head.
Dad has not appeared.
Julian gets.
Who claims that his watch is three weeks overdue.
The woman appears and tells the boys to get out  the rent is three weeks in arrears.
Who runs the market.
Their sister Sabina enters and announces.
When the boys arrive.
Their father has died.
Their mother  Patricia  locks herself  the children wonder -- specifically  their meals  this family performs cannibalistic ritualis.
Who is going to provide now.
The coroner and police chief bring in Tito and Owen  two police officers.
The coroner shows them a finger  it was pulled from Dad s stomach.
The two officers are asked to solve this cold case.
Initially  they resist.
They become more interested.
The film continues.
Will come.
Alfredo and Julian attempt to kidnap a homeless child  but are chased off by the other children.
Next  they attempt to kidnap a prostitute   Julian punches her and stuffs her.
Who also resists.
Back  the boys tie the prostitute to the kitchen table.
Patricia comes in and beats the woman  claiming.
Alfredo does nt know what he s doing  and that prostitutes are not appropriate.
Alfredo runs out.
Julian and Sabina wrap the dead woman.
Julian and Patricia take the prostitute back and dump her in front of the other street workers.
Where the boys picked her up.
Patricia tells the women to leave her sons alone.
The prostitutes report the incident.
Alfredo goes looking  he finds one in a gay bar.
Alfredo brings the young man home.
Julian says.
He wo nt eat a homosexual.
An older man comes down.
Alfredo and Julian argue the point.
Alfredo s prey escapes.
Patricia beats the older man.
Alfredo and Julian chase.
Sabina and Patricia prepare the man.
The boy runs and asks the police to protect him.
Officers Tito and Owen hear the call to the scene.
They decline to call.
They want to keep the glory.
Officer Tito stops Alfredo and Julian  but is shot by a beat cop.
Who mistakes Tito.
Officer Owen discovers Sabina and Patricia preparing their meal.
The women kill him.
Alfredo and Julian arrive home  Patricia insists.
Alfredo drags her away to escape over the rooftops.
The police break.
Julian shoots several.
The family manages to hide upstairs.
Their mother says.
One must survive to carry to the rooftop.
The prostitutes earlier see her escaping and pursue her.
Meanwhile  Alfredo bites Sabina.
Julian  thinking Alfredo s attempting to eat Sabina  shoots Alfredo.
The police kill Julian and take Sabina away  believing.
She is a surviving victim.
The next morning Patricia s body is discovered.
Sabina escapes from the hospital and is seen watching a young man in the local market  intent on her next meal.
<EOS>
Ji-hyeon is a post-operative transsexual working.
Then a young boy  Yoo-bin  shows up claiming.
Ji-hyeon is his divorced birth father.
Ji-hyeon tries to juggle the role to Yoo-bin and girlfriend to her boyfriend played by Kim.
Lee .
<EOS>
This short features Olive  working on a treatment of the story of Aladdin.
Will feature herself as Aladdin  all the while speaking in rhyme.
Her adaptation comes to life on the screen  with Popeye having to use his wits against an evil vizier.
She types.
Who seeks to control a magic lamp inhabited.
Olive gets.
A termination are you.
Many of the gags are conveyed using dialogue.
He turns and remarks  I ve never made love in Technicolor before.
Princess Olive awaits Popeye/Aladdin s declaration.
I do nt know what to say.
<EOS>
The film is based.
Dr S.
R.
Nathan is a world-renowned professor.
A theorist  he always harps on his pet topics of poverty and developmental issues.
Concern the developing world.
He is a loner.
Who hits the bottle.
He is not a womanizer though   he loves their company.
His close friend Bella is more practical.
She tries to identify herself.
Deepthi is a housewife.
Who stays.
Her husband is.
Deepthi approaches Nathan.
Their chance encounter ends up.
But Nathan is unperturbed and quite unmindful.
Nathan just shoos it away.
Deepthi gets a feeling.
He is working on a book on middle-class attitudes and notions.
Yet   Nathan loses ground -- a reference.
When confronted.
Here  the director closely examines the disturbing relationship.
Deepthi is not able to pull herself away.
The undercurrents  their tormented souls as turbulent as the sea  are captured on frame dexterously by Alagappan  the cameraman.
It does hint.
The film does not give any direct message.
What makes or breaks a relationship.
<EOS>
Timmy Turner has grown into a twenty-three-year-old man.
He has managed to keep his fairy godparents.
However  Timmy s refusal to mature greatly irritates his parents   and Jorgen von Strangle.
Who seem desperate to encourage him to finally leave home.
Who is constantly scheming up plans that will entice Timmy.
However  one day Timmy winds up reuniting named Tootie.
Who once possessed an infatuation and sees that she has grown into a beautiful activist.
Soon  Timmy starts to fall with Tootie and begins to date her  much to the chagrin of his fairy godparents  Cosmo and Wanda.
Who continuously scheme to repel Tootie.
Meanwhile  Timmy s schoolteacher  Denzel Crocker  teams up by the name of Hugh Magnate.
Order to kidnap Timmy s fairies and use their magic.
A romantic relationship develops between Tootie and Timmy.
Who is torn.
However  one day Magnate deceives and kidnaps Tootie.
Crocker captures Cosmo  Wanda  and their baby son Poof  imprisoning them.
Magnate tortures the fairies by fooling around with the wish-granting invention.
Electrocutes them each time somebody makes a wish.
Fortunately soon Timmy comes and battles with both his enemy and the toy robot.
Magnate used the fairies  magic  successfully freeing Tootie.
However  now Timmy is forced to give up his fairy godparents.
Who vanish forever.
He is happy to be free to latch on.
Timmy is saddened deeply.
He longed to do  but soon learns.
Because a new law was passed in Fairy World that will now permit him to keep his fairy godparents forever as long as he makes only charitable wishes.
Tootie and Timmy plan to start a charity organization.
Which they will make wishes that will mend all  flying away in a magical van.
<EOS>
Hank Whirling needs a bank s help to keep his Whirling Circus going.
He gets a loan.
He take along accountant Randy Sherman and publicist Helen Harrison to help the circus turn a profit.
Hank s top act is the Colino trapeze troupe  featuring family patriarch Zach and newcomer Tommy Gordon.
Unknown  his little sister Jeannie has held a lifelong ambition to fly on the trapeze.
An unknown saboteur sets a lion loose  terrifying an audience.
Hank manages to tame it.
Helen accuses him.
She and Randy are infuriated.
Randy s attempt to save money.
Raises the big-top tent.
Hank goes to television star Steve Allen to seek needed publicity for the circus.
A wire walk is also held  amidst fear of additional sabotage.
Jeannie finally gets a shot.
Tommy is the culprit  having a history and a grudge against the circus.
Jeannie s life and the future is left hanging by a thread.
<EOS>
The film begins.
Captain Bolton is cleared of any wrongdoing and placed in charge of a small group of experimental X class submarines.
His mission is to quickly train crews to man the submarines and sink the Lindendorf.
It is hidden away.
The film progresses.
He must overcome tensions  while keeping their activities hidden from outsiders and German planes.
The crews successfully fend off an attack.
Who discover their base.
Bolton is forced to make hasty preparations.
Their submarine base can be destroyed.
Two are lost while attempting to cut through submarine nets at the entrance to the fiord.
One submarine crew is captured and taken.
The surviving submarine penetrates the submarine nets and places explosives under the German battleship.
The submarine then manages to escape.
The film concludes.
The battleship sinks.
<EOS>
The Stooges   are asleep.
Who are working.
When a broken hydrant washes them.
Rudely awoken  they set about drumming up business.
Curly attempts to fix a flat tire.
Moe and Larry struggle to get Curly out.
They later arrive on the bottom of the workers  lunch boxes  offering to fix the holes for money.
They are chased and blend in with a crowd of people looking for work.
When their ruse is discovered.
Curly states.
They are the best riveters that ever riveted.
The hiring workman sends them to work  despite Curly s debilitating fear of heights.
The construction scene features a classic gag  and then he grills up a rivet and throws it to Curly.
Who thinks it s a sausage.
He proceeds to chew the rivet  claiming  but it s kind of tough.
It s a weenie.
Curly uses a hard hat.
Moe drills them.
Here another classic Stoogery ensues.
Curly overturns a bucket.
The Stooges do.
A lousy job riveting and part collapses when head foreman Mr Blake leans against a beam.
He and several men chase the stooges.
Who escape.
They drive off  impairing their driving vision.
<EOS>
It is the first day.
The gang is.
Their beloved teacher  Miss McGillicuddy  got married.
Now the kids will have a new teacher.
The kids know not  only her name  a rather pungent moniker.
What the new teacher will look.
They imagine this Miss Crabtree to be a dried-up old hag  and concoct a plan to disrupt the class.
Then  the kids are to have their younger siblings -- Wheezer  Dorothy  and Hercules -- come and tell Miss Crabtree.
They need to be excused to go home.
Then  we re all goin  swimmin .
Wheezer says  she s gon na shoot Papa.
Mama wants Jack home right away.
However  the plan falls apart.
When Jackie takes a ride from a beautiful young lady with a shiny roadster.
Unbeknownst  his benefactor is actually Miss Crabtree.
He tells her everything.
She drops Jack.
Jack tells  you re almost as pretty  all except in your nose.
Her y know.
Gave him the ride.
The lady are one and the same.
She spends the class period identifying Jack s co-conspirators  and suspends the foursome just as some delivery boys bring in a wealth of cake and ice cream as a first-day treat for the class.
The kids all turn on Jack  with an angry Farina remarking yeah  my pal  making a throat-cutting gesture to accent his anger.
Farina  Chubby  and Buddy decide to go back inside  apologize  and hope.
They can get in.
Jack decides  I m too ashamed  and sits.
He ca nt ever go back.
Miss Crabtree goes outside looking for Jack  and.
Finding him  quietly presents him  showing that she forgives him.
Amidst tears  Jack looks up and tells her gee  you re pretty  Miss Crabtree.
You re even prettier  and solemnly tries to eat his dessert.
<EOS>
The series takes place.
Earth is with a race of alien invaders called the Jovian Lizards.
A company called.
Nergal designs a space battleship  the ND-001 Nadesico.
Its crew consists in their fields  these individuals tend to have some slight personality disorders.
The primary protagonist  Akito Tenkawa  is a boy   he escaped its destruction by the Jovian Lizards and arrived on Earth  with no memory of.
A resident.
He got there.
He hates fighting and only wants to be a chef.
However  he is constantly called on to act.
Akito has more problems to deal  seem to be head over heels in love with him  his favorite anime  Gekigangar III.
The Nadesico.
All he wants to do is cook and watch.
<EOS>
The film opens.
She is stabbed.
This is followed.
The same couple follow another student.
Who they have picked.
She is joined.
They can kill her.
Later they find her body.
She was also stabbed.
The film follows several different plot strands   the background of the student  and the police hunt for the murderers.
Who was killed.
It emerges.
The female murderer has a split personality.
The man is actually a vision.
She is seen.
When she was younger.
The copycat murderer was the police psychological profiler.
Who had been having an affair.
The psychological profiler is dead.
The police blame him.
The real scissors murderer has a final vision.
Which he tells her that he always loved her and she was not to blame.
She is then free to be happy.
<EOS>
Django is a slave living after having been separated from his wife Broomhilda.
Dr King Schultz  a bounty hunter  frees Django and gives him the option of hunting down and killing the Brittle Brothers  a ruthless gang of killers.
When Django is held.
Who poses.
Whom only Django has seen.
Schultz will free Django from slavery completely and help rescue Broomhilda from the plantation of the charming but ruthless owner  Calvin Candie.
<EOS>
Flies Victoria Mason  aviatrix  on her way to circumnavigating the globe.
But her real destination is the kingdom.
Already is Mr Moto pretending to be an archeologist and newsreel cameramen  Marty Weston and Chick Davis  traveling up the river.
Once she is overhead Mason lights a flare and bails.
Crashes nearby.
She goes the head priest of Shiva.
When she is rescued.
Moto has already discovered the flare.
Weston and Davis arrive.
Caused the accident.
The Rajah Ali  Keema  the Rajah s favorite wife is killed mysteriously.
Trying. 
Bokor claims.
They are taken away.
Meanwhile  Moto finds the real cause.
Weston and Davis are found guilty and are about to be thrown into a pit.
When an elderly guru appears.
The guru impresses Bokor.
Bokor then releases the foreigners.
The next day Moto offers to pay the cameramen.
They agree and return.
The three are confronted by the elderly guru.
Who tosses their camera down the well.
Bokor  seeing this  asks the guru to kill the other foreigner  Moto.
The guru agrees and returns.
The guru disappears into a secret passage way.
There he reveals himself to be Mr Moto.
Moto writes a note saying.
He discovered the ammunition and that Bokor is the leader.
He sends the message off.
The Rajah kills the bird and intercepts the message.
Later  Moto gets the cooked bird on his plate.
The Rajah reveals.
He got the message.
Moto is putting the newly discovered secret ammunition cache on a map of the temple.
When one comes in to kill him.
Moto disguises himself as the assassin and sneaks off into the night.
Bokor then begins searching Moto s cabin but is interrupted.
Who finds the hidden map.
Bokor and his men follow her and capture her.
The old guru appears and pretends to hypnotize the captive.
Meanwhile Weston followed Mason and tries unsuccessfully to rescue her.
Bonfire signals are given and Capt.
Zimmerman the gun-runner arrives.
Who is immediately held captive as well.
Zimmerman has been selling weapons.
That Bokor can start a revolution and depose the Rajah Ali.
Zimmerman is killed in payment for his services.
A fight ensues.
When Mason gives away Moto s identity.
Yao is killed.
Bokor escapes and rounds up Zimmerman s men.
The four hold off the men with the weapons.
Were just delivered.
Mason reveals.
She is a British Secret Service agent.
Moto reveals.
He too is a spy.
Rajah Ali arrives up Bokor and his men.
The Rajah s plan is to use the weapons.
Bokor purchased in order to start his own revolution.
Mason distracts him enough.
The Rajah prepares to have Moto and the two cameramen executed.
Moto can threaten to blow up the ammunition cache.
The Rajah falls escape down the secret passage as the temple explodes.
All ends well beginning a romance and Davis planning on being Moto s assistant.
Davis faints.
When Moto tells him that his next assignment is to capture a murderer who is living.
<EOS>
A beggar is tossed into London s Newgate jail  along with a pile of papers upon.
His unfinished opera is scribbled.
The beggar boasts.
His opera   is about a real person  the dashing highwayman Captain Macheath  who  dressed in a red coat  holds off the world with a pistol in each hand  seduces women with five notes of a tune  and generally leaps from misfortune.
The other prisoners point out  admits.
His hero Macheath is  in irons and behind bars  and Macheath  who is scheduled to be executed the next morning.
There is no arguing.
Taking the first page  Macheath begins singing.
The beggar  encouraged  urges him to continue    Macheath robs a carriage  and steals a kiss and a locket from a maiden.
The following story  the beggar s opera  is sung.
Riding  feeling merry and free.
Later   Macheath s wife  Polly Peachum  pines for him.
Polly s parents  shopkeepers Mr Peachum and his wife  are scandalized to learn.
Polly has secretly married the highwayman.
To make the best   they urge her to lure Macheath into a trap and collect the reward for his capture.
They are always eager to make money.
Meanwhile  outside encounters a carriage ridden by Newgate s jailor Mr Lockit  Lockit s daughter Lucy and Mrs Trapes.
Whom Lockit is wooing.
Lucy   scolds him.
Who met Macheath when he was once imprisoned.
Mrs Trapes suggests.
When Macheath rides off.
Lucy betray him and give the money to her father.
Later   Polly warns Macheath.
Her parents are mounting an ambush.
Macheath escapes after a swashbuckling fight  then hides in a back room of a tavern.
Where he is unable to resist socializing.
However  prostitute Jenny Diver has been bribed to betray him.
Macheath is soon captured.
Macheath urges Lucy to steal the jail keys and set him free  promising to marry her in return  but then Polly shows up.
He is forced to introduce the women.
Lucy steals the keys and releases him.
Later Polly sneaks back and  finding Macheath gone  screams in anguish without thinking  thus drawing attention to his escape.
Meanwhile  Macheath disguises himself and slips into a gaming house to avoid making good his promise to unite with Lucy.
However  the proprietor recognizes the cape and alerts Lockit and Peachum.
Back  Polly is accused of freeing Macheath and is locked in Lucy s room  her.
Where Lucy   attempts to drug.
Lucy and Polly proceed.
When they hear the recaptured Macheath being returned.
He choose.
He refuses.
He will soon be hanged and sees no reason to disappoint either.
The next morning  riding  Macheath waves farewell to the friendly crowd.
It is carted to the gallows.
Has gathered to see him off.
After kissing both Lucy and Polly goodbye  Macheath is blindfolded and awaits his fate.
The opera comes.
The real Macheath   protests.
Who is still.
He should not have to hang twice.
The beggar agrees and yells for Macheath s reprieve.
The rest join in the chant and mob the turnkey   allowing Macheath to escape.
Who comes to investigate the ruckus.
The highwayman steals a horse and.
When safely out  sings that his freedom has been returned because of a beggar s opera.
<EOS>
Virgil Starkwell enters a life at a young age.
The plot traces his crime spree  his first prison term and eventual escape  the birth and growth  as well as his eventual capture at the hands of the FBI.
His multiple crimes include stealing paines from Jewerly stores  Robbing pet stores  and carving bars of soap into guns to escape from jail.
He also robs a man.
Who turns out to be his former friend who reveals he is now a cop.
The movie ends.
He got 700 years  but with good behavior  can get that cut in half Starkwell grew up in New Jersey  and played the cello in his towns marching band.
<EOS>
Stanton is a grouchy boss.
Who is the head.
He has taken.
His employees are scientists Mark Manning  ` Doc  Gordon  and Karen White.
Their funding will be cut off.
They prove that their time travel experiments can produce some results.
Desperate  they push their operating equipment into the future.
There  they encounter aliens led.
Who are looking to colonize.
The aliens find no welcome.
Is. 
She urges them to go back and warn humanity  then dies in a human attack.
The time travelers retreat and head back.
They detect another time machine on a collision course.
Manning tries to communicate   they fire at it.
When that fails.
Their weapon is too weak.
Stanton takes charge  boosts the power and destroys the other vessel.
However  all is still not well.
They overshoot the present and end up  in the age of dinosaurs.
Their giant ruby  a key component  is destroyed  leaving them stranded.
However   they find it studded  including rubies.
When they explore a nearby cave.
Overcome  Stanton grabs handfuls of the precious gems  returns to the time machine  replaces the ruby and takes off without the scientists.
However   he encounters another traveler in time.
He hears a radio broadcast - it is.
Then he is destroyed.
Meanwhile   Gordon stumbles and falls.
The scientists leave the cave.
The other two find the time machine gone.
Then it mysteriously reappears.
They board it and return before their initial departure.
But something is wrong  they find past versions.
The couple hasten back to try to rectify the problem.
End up hopelessly lost.
The machine is shown in space among the stars.
<EOS>
Phillip and Dieter nearly suffocate hiding their sexual identity.
Joined  the three misfits escape to the big city searching for a place to belong.
<EOS>
Jack Twiller gets greetings.
This makes him open his school s yearbook - his Book - and remember the old times  way back in the.
When he was.
He hung out and tried to get the attention of Lily.
Who unfortunately was together.
<EOS>
The protagonists are teenagers.
Who undertake a very dangerous journey  fleeing from various crisis regions of the world to Europe.
Nina Kusturica conveys a complex picture.
Who have to face the partly absurd and inhuman bureaucratic system of the European countries.
The teenagers Juma  Hishame  Ahmed  Nura  Achmad  Asha  Jawid  and Alem deliver.
Bit into their situation and why leaving their home country and their families ultimately was their last resort.
The director gives the audience a look behind the scenes  i.
E. 
Through the lenses belonging to the border police keeping track of clueless refugees.
She accompanies the teenagers.
The teenagers only wish for an orderly life.
However  the dehumanized bureaucracy does not allow.
Even language courses can only be attended.
That is.
They are forced to do nothing but wait.
Also that way making contact is nearly impossible.
One shows an encounter between a drunk Austrian and the teenage girls Nura and Asha at the train station of Traiskirchen - Austria s most important reception camp.
The stranger confronts the girls.
Whereas the girls have never even heard before.
It is astonishing and refreshing to see and act like other people their age and keep their optimism.
These teenagers laugh.
Nina Kusturica magnificently succeeded.
That is.
What makes this documentary so important  particularly these days when immigration is discussed only in a populist way.
<EOS>
Agent 11 is a crime-fighting bullmastiff used  he partners with his master Murdoch in Seattle.
The dog attacks him and rips off one.
They go.
Talia is taken to have it surgically replaced.
He sends his two bodyguards  Gino and Arliss  out to kill Agent.
The dog is sent to a training facility in Alaska.
He meets Gordon Smith.
Who works.
The mailman dislikes dogs and has volunteered to take care.
Gino and Arliss have continued their search.
Agent 11  told him not to play.
Who James names Spot does nt want to catch balls or frisbees.
When he was a puppy.
He eventually starts to play James and Gordon like a normal dog.
Later  Gino and Arliss try to kill the dog.
He is at a pet store.
He outsmarts them.
They take him back.
When the FBI finds out that Spot is living.
The dog escapes and finds Gordon and James again.
Talia returns and attempts to kill the dog  but is outsmarted  captured and imprisoned.
The FBI agents try to take Spot back.
Him decide.
But in the end they decide to let.
Whom he wants to live.
He chooses Gordon and James.
He gives Murdoch a lick goodbye.
Stephanie returns and is very upset.
What had happened.
Gordon is a good guy.
They end up together.
One is of Talia in prison  his testicles being been replaced by metal balls.
Constantly clack together.
One inmate calls him Music Man.
Talia threatens.
I m gon na catch you in the yard.
<EOS>
The film begins.
He finally gets off and goes home.
He is interrupted.
When he is.
He feels a little silly being there.
When he is out.
No air raids have hit America  though they have hit America s allies.
He then goes off.
Which air raids and other violence has been brought  by air and other means.
Each vignette ends.
What if it was your baby  John Jones  your baby the dream sequence ends.
He returns.
His daughter finishes the recitation  so that government by the people  for the people  and of the people shall not perish from this Earth.
<EOS>
The movie opens.
Bush delivering the State into a newspaper headline about the Madrid train bombings of.
The audio is composed primarily.
A young man named.
John OHara is shown lying and looking depressed.
The audio segues.
Wherein his father urges him to get a job.
Then   offers to mail him a check.
If to undercut his son s confidence.
John  apparently bored  leaves the apartment  bringing the newspaper along.
The next scene takes place.
John enters and sits.
A beautiful blonde sizes him up takes the stool next to her.
She begins a conversation with him and  apparently mistaking him for being wealthy.
Wherein she flatters him.
He s not working and is reading the stock market section  tries to pick him up.
John responds cautiously.
She then hands him her business card.
Reads Sofia s Strip-o-Gram and Massage Service.
Sofia offers John a massage and a humorous exchange ensues.
She invites him to get stoned.
He makes her laugh.
John pays.
The pair leaves.
There is a cross-dissolve standing in front of a shop window.
Inside of which is a luxurious display.
John declares  I know.
It s the most expensive chocolate shop.
John  attempting to be charming  offers to buy them each a chocolate.
Sofia  saying  tells him to go in and pick something out.
She needs to check her messages.
John  surprised  goes inside.
The soundtrack then changes.
John enters.
The audio again changes -- this time repeating a phrase again and again.
He approaches the counter.
The salesgirl wraps up two lemon-mousse finger sandwiches.
John reaches the counter.
The elaborate ritual of preparing the cakes is shown.
John pays a whopping $.
50 treats and leaves.
John and Sofia sit on the Brooklyn Bridge after having gotten stoned together.
Sofia then opens up and tells him.
She used to live and sometimes delivered drugs for him.
She describes two trips -- one and another to Belgium and Prague.
She took.
She then tells John the story.
She was raped repeatedly.
She insists.
When John is shocked.
She s fine now  as the event took place a year ago.
John embraces her awkwardly  retracts his arm hurriedly.
Then Sofia tells him to call her.
John then eats the cakes.
<EOS>
The film begins.
Where Victoria Kowelska reflects by the Nazis.
Her best friend Karin tells her.
Her life there.
Karin dies shortly.
Liberation and Victoria decides to take her identity.
The major interviewing her is.
Clearly he is attracted.
He does not know  Having found her way she tracks down her family ties to a house in the rich area of San Francisco known as Telegraph Hill.
They will later meet.
He is at first suspicious but then accepts her as Karin.
He proceeds to wine and dine her  then marry her.
Her son has been looked.
Who clearly also has a thing but is allowed to stay.
The four live together in the house.
Victoria bumps.
Who is a friend  at a party at their house.
He is clearly.
Tensions grow.
Margaret is dismissed.
However  it then becomes clearer.
It is Alan Spender who seeks to get rid.
The car s brakes fail  almost killing Karin.
Margaret is suspected.
This changes.
When it becomes clear that Karin s son was also meant to be.
Motives become clearer.
Karin reports various findings.
Margaret is forgiven and readmitted.
One night Karin is sure.
Her orange juice has been poisoned.
Alan has indeed poisoned it  and has fixed the phones.
Calls can not be made.
He returns and drinks his own glass of orange juice.
He then explains his plot.
Karin   tells him.
Who clearly still has feelings.
He has poisoned himself because she switched the glasses.
She tries to telephone a doctor but ca nt get through.
Alan explains.
To fix the phones.
It is left to call.
However  Margaret decides not to call.
Alan dies.
The police accept the sequence.
Margaret is taken away to be potentially charged.
Karin  having by now revealed her true identity  declares her love.
Him and he declares his.
But they can no longer live.
<EOS>
Bhavani Prasad is one such powerful thug.
Who masquerades.
His son Shankar refused to follow his path.
He wants his grandson Kundan to carry.
Bhavani gets.
When his son protests.
Shankar killed and passes the buck.
He gets.
When Naubat Lal spills the beans.
Him killed as well  which deepens the family feud.
Kundan grows up.
Who does nt want to practise his grand father s policy.
It is quite unlike  Naubat s sons Ganeshi and Dwarka.
Whose only aim is to finish Bhavani s clan.
Amidst all these tense moments  we have Munni the childhood love.
Who fortuitously lands and becomes Laila-e-Aasman  a title she got from none other than Wajid Ali Shah.
Ganeshi has a soft corner but still uses her to reach Kundan not realising the two share a childhood bond.
<EOS>
President Lincoln selects Indian scout James Kingston to facilitate a cattle shipment from Texas to the north.
He is helped.
McGuire.
Mexican fanatic Joaquin Jironza wants the Henry Repeating Rifles.
Kingston has.
Embittered ex-rebel leader Lee Parker is also an obstacle.
He tries to get the cattle.
<EOS>
A group of friends are led by a girl.
They met  in Paris  to her house in the country.
There  they are introduced.
Who has something sinister planned.
<EOS>
Jason Taylor is a World War II veteran.
A survivor  he aspires to become a chemistry teacher and is attending college on the G.
I.
Bill.
His wife Peggy is a vibrant  energetic  and pregnant young woman seeking a suitable residence.
Where Jason can concentrate without anxiety.
She becomes acquainted.
Who is planning to commit suicide soon.
Barnes  friend Professor and arranges to give him a reason to live.
Edward Bell is the director.
The story opens.
Where Henry acts strangely.
Henry calls his friend  Professor Edward Bell  and tells him he intends to commit suicide.
End it all.
When they meet Henry discusses his plan to finish his last bit then.
Edward contacts Henry s doctor  Dr Philip Conway.
Who gives Henry a physical and finds him even though most men his age ` have been dead for 10 years.
Henry asks and gets some sleeping pills  but only two at a time.
Henry says.
He wo nt sleep that well.
Dr Philip says.
` he will sleep better.
Peggy finds Henry.
Where he is fascinated.
She over loads Henry.
Homeless due.
Peggy confides.
The ` creep  housing administrator is not responsive.
Henry responds.
Edward  the housing administrator is a good friend and capable.
Henry lays out his case.
Peggy tells him to start living.
Henry is in a fog  and gets a call later from Edward with Peggy in his office.
Henry discusses Peggy  he becomes political and ca nt change the rules.
Peggy makes up a bunch and overwhelms Edward s sensibilities.
He finds Henry s name and.
He has a spare attic.
Edward tells Peggy to go over and check the place out.
Peggy and Jason meet back.
Is just a small  cramped camper.
Jason is very pleased  all above 90 s except his nemesis  Chemistry.
Which he got only an.
Dinner is money talk  more money talk.
Jason tells her.
He s being offered a TA job.
Peggy is very excited.
Jason  however  has had a letter.
Who has a job  and that he could get Jason a job there too.
Jason observes.
A teaching assistant s pay is much less than a used car salesman s $.
Peggy generates more spontaneous statistics.
Jason is wise.
Next day  Peggy shows up.
The attic  currently a storage space is just perfect for Peggy  old stuff or not.
The stairs are menacing.
The place is huge and only needs a woman s touch.
Henry says.
He s leaving.
She digs  measures for curtains  starts banging and moving the ` stuff  around with a lot of racket.
Henry is ready to jump ship but settles.
He shows his mental blocking technique.
Later Jason is there the lights blow on the overloading of one electric outlet.
Jason goes to find a fuse at the drug store  and returns with not only a fuse but a stray dog in tow as well.
Peggy plays around.
He reads her the riot act.
It s ` Hands Off.
Peggy s dog and the cat create more havoc  both noisy and messy  or.
Henry thinks.
Professor Henry has found his more than robust voice.
He seems to use frequently.
Peggy has started to call Henry  Pop.
Henry calls Philip to request more sleeping pills.
There is now a hidden plot developing.
The attic is transformed.
The junk made useful  quite and organizational feat.
Planning  nor outside assistance.
The whole creation was accomplished.
Jason wants to become a teacher  preferably Chemistry and is somewhat upset.
More money is spent on alcohol than education.
Peggy goes off.
Henry is exhausted.
He is enjoying the company.
The attic is a success.
It s still an attic and not very elegant.
Henry s two new pills arrive.
He stores them.
The next day  Peggy decides to serve Henry his breakfast.
Her energy is contagious.
Peggy is off and discusses a lipstick stain with one of the expectant wives.
The wives feel uneducated  inadequate and Peggy senses their fear.
Peggy and Henry discuss the fact.
Education is driving the couples apart.
Henry and Peggy hatch a plan to hold a class  starting with philosophy.
Pop gets the job to start the ball rolling.
They source a meeting place.
The first introductory class is scheduled.
Henry lays an egg  but bounces back with a crack  the audience roars.
At least the joke brought.
Socrates did nt believe  the crowd is really into it.
The women participate wonderfully.
Books are recommended  notes taken.
The wives are great students.
Pop tells the class.
He had come there to teach and ended up learning also and thanks them.
He also tells them.
This is the first time that he had to remind a class that it had ended 20 minutes earlier.
He is a great success.
He did it.
Henry comes home  plays and hears a baby crying in the attic.
Running up  he finds Peggy baby sitting.
Peggy says.
They ve decided if the baby is a boy they will name him Henry Barnes Taylor.
Jason is a big help   Peggy is doing the laundry and cleaning.
Henry now has an impromptu family.
Henry stashes away a few more pills -- he has nt completely given up.
Jason and Henry try to assemble a tiny tot bath.
The directions may as well be.
The exercise is maddening.
They endure several do-overs and ask Nicky the dog.
It fails.
The discussion switches in Chemistry.
Henry gets a blanket instead.
Jason just does nt think.
He s doing the right thing.
Month there is always something.
Ca nt be taken care of.
Jason feels.
It will never work.
The shower is a success.
Peggy feels.
The baby is having a problem.
Jason is telling his Chem teacher.
He s going to quit.
Right  Peggy has a miscarriage.
All are despondent.
Henry and Jason walk home.
There is but a simple ` Why.
Barnes.
Henry tells Peggy.
Though she lost a child  that it was an ` exchange  -- the baby s life  and that he has cancelled his plan to kill himself  for now.
Jason now plans to move to sell cars.
Pop wants to move his room into his bedroom.
Dr Philip tells Henry.
Peggy s funk is not health related.
Her disappointment having given up on his dream to become a teacher.
Henry is off to address the circumstances.
Communications are difficult.
Guilt has taken the driver s seat.
The Chicago sales job is nt teaching.
Henry had a word.
Jason can come back and still take his exams.
Jason talks money and fear.
Jason learns the shortcomings.
Comes. 
Henry returns and tries to tell a tall tale.
She sees right.
Henry tells her.
His house is her home.
Professor Henry slips further.
Jason sneaks back to take a shot.
The professors are all excited and really think.
Jason can make it.
He sails.
Chemistry is a bear.
He blows his first attempt and throws the whole experiment.
His Chem Prof a vet also discusses Jason s Navy career and his own.
He gives Jason a whole new setup.
They reach common ground.
Anything worth something has a price.
Henry is and decides to take his saved up stash of pills.
Peggy calls his colleagues.
Dr Philip tells the bunch  but something.
The pills are nt sleeping pills.
Would not kill him.
Jason shows up.
They give Henry coffee and walk him.
He drops.
Jason tells the Henry.
He knew lots.
The final scene has the orchestra together  Peggy announcing.
She s pregnant.
Henry scowling for giving him the phony pills.
Jason grabs Peggy and pulls her into the kitchen.
All s well.
Ends well.
<EOS>
Sgt.
Nick Pulovski and his partner  Powell  are assigned.
Who engages.
Who are loading a semi-trailer truck.
Pulovski   ends up losing them.
Consequently  Pulovski is removed by his superior  Lt.
Raymond Garcia.
A young officer recently promoted to rookie Detective   believing.
Who has continual nightmares and is plagued.
It was his fault.
Pulovski and Ackerman start investigating the Strom case.
Pulovski tracks down a man working.
Whom he forces to cooperate.
Morales   manages to plant a two-way radio inside Strom s house without getting caught  but is still murdered later on by Strom s companion Liesl.
Feeling pressured  Strom deduced.
There was a connection and another one of his operatives named Little Felix.
Unbeknown earlier  Little Felix had also been secretly working as an informant for Pulovski regarding the disclosure of his illegal activities at his wrecking yards.
Pulovski and Ackerman learn.
Strom is planning to leave the country.
Strom s men set off smoke bombs and capture the general manager  Alphonse  forcing him to open the vault for them.
However  are Pulovski and Ackerman.
Who had conspired to capture Strom.
Yet Liesl  knowing  dares him and distracts Pulovski long enough for Strom to pin the detective down to the floor.
Liesl shoots Ackerman.
He is not injured due.
But moments later  one  Cruz  discovers.
The vault is empty.
Strom takes Pulovski hostage and demands the two million dollars as a ransom.
Ackerman tracks down one of Strom s henchmen named Loco.
Loco  however  manages to elude Ackerman at a dry cleaners.
Where Little Felix is also found murdered.
Ackerman then decides to turn Eugene  for help in securing the ransom money.
He reluctantly agrees.
Informs him that Lt.
Ackerman s girlfriend Sarah.
Garcia is.
Just then  Ackerman is visited.
Who claim that Garcia is.
Ackerman suddenly realizes.
There is only one person capable.
Ackerman evades the detectives and races home.
Sarah grabs Ackerman s gun and kills Loco.
Ackerman is distraught.
He needed Loco alive to tell him where Pulovski is being held captive.
However  Ackerman later notices Loco s car.
He and Pulovski spotted earlier.
Pulovski is rescued by Ackerman.
The pair escape the warehouse.
Quotes a Mercedes Benz commercial  Engineered.
Whom Strom sent to collect the ransom.
Cruz gives Strom the money and is murdered.
The group arrives.
Pulovski and Ackerman open fire.
A situation is created where one  in charge of flying him out of the country aboard a private jet  is killed following a collision with a commercial airliner.
Ackerman later pursues Liesl and kills her.
Pulovski attempts to shoot Strom  but ends up out of ammunition.
Strom shoots Pulovski  and prepares to kill him.
When Ackerman arrives  and shoots Strom.
Seriously injured  Strom collapses.
Pulovski climbs on  and to avenge Powell and end the homicide spree there  kills him.
Sometime later  Pulovski  Ackerman and Garcia have been promoted.
Ackerman is now a detective and Pulovski the new Lieutenant.
Pulovski introduces Ackerman as his new partner.
<EOS>
Sharara is an action film starring Raaj Kumar and Mithun Chakraborty.
Actress Hema Malini has understood to have produced the film.
The title song was very popular.
When released.
<EOS>
The film is a love story.
Who can not decide.
<EOS>
The film focuses.
The film follows them.
They retrace the triangle trade.
The film then goes.
Where the slaves were purchased.
Where the DeWolfs owned a large plantation.
The film competed at the 2008 Sundance Film Festival.
<EOS>
Erandane Maduve revolves.
Lokayukta officer Vishwanath is left to be always in the house surrounded by his over powering wife and three careless daughters.
To get back his respect  he gets help and puts up a dramatized.
Make believe plot that he has an affair.
The enraged and confused wife Malavika seeks her bumbling brother s help to get revenge on the husband.
<EOS>
The film  set during the Showa Era  tells the story of Chiyo Sakamoto  a poor  young Japanese girl.
Who has been sold along.
Chiyo is taken.
Satsu is rejected and is sold.
She meets another young girl named Pumpkin.
Both girls are sent off.
Chiyo dishonors the okiya.
She is given manual labor to do to pay off the debt of her purchase.
Chiyo also has numerous unpleasant run-ins  she falls off of the rooftop.
When Chiyo escapes to run away.
Which she was trying to escape and attracts the attention.
Mother found out  and stops all attempts at training Chiyo to become a geisha.
Mother discusses the debts and explains.
Chiyo has amassed.
Satsu ran away that night.
Chiyo never sees Satsu again.
Mother tells her to forget.
She ever had a sister  explaining  ` We are your only family now.
Mother then places a package.
Contains a letter reporting the death.
Chiyo feels.
She can not sink lower.
Her escapades have caused her to be taken out and worked as a slave to pay off her debts.
One day  the young Chiyo is noticed.
Crying. 
He then buys her an iced sorbet and gives her his handkerchief.
Inspired  Chiyo resolves to become a geisha.
That she may one day become a part.
She spends the money   wishing to see him again.
Chiyo  now a young woman  is taken.
Chiyo becomes a maiko and then takes the name of Sayuri  the most famous geisha in all of Gion  Kyoto.
Hatsumomo becomes Sayuri s rival and seeks to destroy her.
Sayuri reunites with the Chairman and longs to catch his attention  but instead has to lead on the Chairman s friend and business partner Nobu.
Who falls fast.
Sayuri grows.
Hatsumomo spreads lies and rumors to ruin Sayuri s reputation.
Meanwhile  Mameha starts a bidding war.
Will make her a full geisha.
Sayuri gets named the lead dancer.
Where she dances wonderfully and catches the attention  including the Baron  who invites Sayuri to his house for a party  gives her a kimono then  as he finds her so beautiful and believes he deserves a look  forcefully strips her.
Mameha hears.
What happened and believes that the Baron took Sayuri s virginity  and claims that Sayuri s bids may not come through if she is found to be worthless.
Sayuri cries and tells Mameha.
Nothing happened.
She is not worthless.
That night the bid is finally placed.
Mother then chooses to adopt Sayuri.
Pumpkin and Hatsumomo had been longing.
Mameha tells Sayuri later.
The bid was down.
Mameha let.
It go for the Baron  despite his bid being even higher.
Sayuri finds Hatsumomo.
When returning home.
Who found the Chairman s handkerchief and attempts to burn it  but unsuccessfully.
Sayuri and Hatsumomo fight and accidentally start a fire.
Finally  Hatsumomo purposely begins to burn the rest of the house and then leaves  knowing.
She has reached the bottom.
Sayuri s prosperous life is then cut short.
They must endure a life.
The safety is ensured by the Chairman.
Sayuri and Mameha are separated.
Sayuri is reunited with Mameha.
They become geisha once more to impress an American Colonel.
Is going with Nobu and the Chairman.
Sayuri meets back up.
Who is now a risque  flirty.
There  the Colonel attempts to hire Sayuri  but is rejected.
Nobu saw the incident and confronts.
Sayuri finally confessing his feelings and that he wants to be her danna.
Sayuri is distraught and devises a plan to humiliate herself in front of Nobu.
She arranges to bring Nobu by an abandoned theater at a predetermined time  and stumble upon Sayuri and the Colonel making love.
But   Now you know.
Pumpkin brings the Chairman instead  claiming to Sayuri.
How it feels  Sayuri believes that the Chairman is lost forever.
A few days later Sayuri discards the Chairman s handkerchief  and later receives a call to go to the teahouse.
Instead the Chairman comes  Do nt be afraid to look.
Where he finally reveals that he knows she is Chiyo by saying.
He tells her.
He was responsible so that she could fulfill her dreams of becoming a geisha.
Sayuri finally reveals her love.
She has been harbouring.
The film ends through a beautiful Japanese garden with waterfalls and rocks.
<EOS>
Yamaha Murugan is a.
Who commands respect.
Unable to find a lucrative job  he sets up a tea shop.
He passed out.
Life goes smooth.
He comes.
Murugan is targeted by FIR Murthy.
Nadhiya  a girl next door falls.
Both develop romance.
However a bloody duel brings a change in the former s life.
The rest is the battle to assert their supremacy over one other.
Ends. 
<EOS>
March 20  2000  a decree set up an Operational Command Unit to tackle rampant banditry in the Douala region.
The Unit introduced   1600 people disappeared or were killed.
What amounted.
One year later  nine young men disappeared.
The matter was submitted.
The accused were found guilty to follow orders and released.
Legal proceedings have not come.
The victims  families have to live to be wiped out forever from the collective memory.
<EOS>
The film begins  with the grandfather of Oskar Matzerath  the main character  being pursued by the police through rural Kashubia.
Hiding.
Whom he later marries and conceives a daughter - Oskar s mother.
He drowns trying to escape them.
Goes Jan Bronski  a worker in the Polish Post Office.
Anna s daughter Agnes develops an incestuous affair.
She is introduced.
The two men become firm friends.
Love rivals.
Later Agnes gives birth.
Oskar has an adult mentality.
He will inherit his grocery shop when he is an adult.
He is given a tin drum  something.
Will remain for the rest of the film.
Oskar throws himself.
Day does not grow any older.
It is discovered.
Oskar has the ability to shatter glass.
Oskar uses his drum  such as disrupting a Nazi rally.
Oskar is introduced to Bebra  a performing dwarf.
Whom Oskar can relate.
They see an.
When the four are.
Makes Agnes repeatedly vomit.
Alfred buys some.
A confrontation begins.
When he insists that she eat them  ultimately leading developing a strange addiction to raw fish  from which she gets food poisoning and eventually dies.
Oskar witnesses an antisemitic assault on Sigismund Markus  the Jewish toymaker  Nazism is on the rise.
Who supplies him.
The Jewish and Polish residents are under increasing pressure from the German community.
Markus commits suicide.
When his shop is attacked.
Synagogues are burned down.
Oskar   unwittingly leads Jan into the Polish Post Office.
Looking. 
Is about to join an armed standoff by the Polish workers.
Kobyella is shot while fetching a new drum for Oskar.
Jan is wounded.
They withdraw and play Skat.
Kobyella eventually dies.
The Germans capture the building.
Oskar is taken home.
Jan is arrested and eventually executed.
Alfred s shop resumes business normally.
He employs the fifteen-year-old Maria.
Oskar seduces Maria and impregnates her  later irritated.
She is having an affair.
Oskar also has a brief sexual relationship.
Oskar come across Bebra again.
He meets Roswitha  a new member.
Oskar decides to join Bebra s team  using his glass-shattering voice.
Oskar and Roswitha begin a romantic affair.
Is cut short when she is killed during the Allied invasion of Normandy while on tour in France.
Oskar bids farewell and returns home.
Much has been destroyed.
The Russians are fast approaching.
Oskar meets his now three-year-old son Kurt.
Whom he gives a tin drum much.
The family are hiding.
The Russians finally enter the city.
When a group break in and gang-rape Lina.
Alfred is killed after choking violently on his Nazi party pin-badge in an attempt to swallow it.
When the war is over.
He will now grow up and throw away his drum.
Kurt throws a stone.
He does.
He is knocked unconscious  a catalyst.
Causes him to start growing again.
Soon afterwards  all are deported from the city.
Is to be re-occupied only.
The film ends.
The train leaves.
It begins.
<EOS>
Five incorrigible crooks  frustrated as bank robbers  decide to switch from bank heists to kidnapping European celebrities.
Pretending to be terrorists  they kidnap their first hostage  singer Johnny Hallyday  and demand a huge sum to prevent further trouble.
They receive their ransom money.
They go on to kidnap other celebrities  and grow more successful.
Eventually they expand their targets and hijack planes  kidnap ambassadors  and even abduct the Pope.
<EOS>
Dr Jeff Weitzman is a psychologist working.
His primary patients are Billy  Henry  Jack and Albert.
Billy is the most normal.
He is a pathological liar.
Henry is.
He has deluded himself.
He is one  often walking around with a clipboard  lab coat and stethoscope.
Jack is a former advertising executive.
Who believes he is Jesus Christ.
Finally  Albert is a.
Who only says things what he hears  particularly from former ball player and commentator Phil Rizzuto.
Convinced and some time away  Dr Weitzman persuades the administration to allow him to take them to a baseball game at Yankee Stadium.
His patients need some fresh air.
Unfortunately  he accidentally encounters two crooked cops.
As they murder another officer.
The doctor then gets knocked unconscious trying to get away and is put.
The group is now stranded.
Is often more bizarre.
One is.
The inmates have to listen in order to get clues as to what happened to Dr Weitzman  because he is the only one who witnessed it.
Two other running gags are  Henry s threats to report psychologically disturbing behavior of the other patients  and Billy s violent  unpredictable but ultimately harmless behavior in several different scenarios.
A lesser gag is Jack   causing a rousing sermon at a black church.
For the parishoners to come and expel him.
The other three patients get Jack new clothes.
It is up to the patients to save their doctor from being murdered by the crooked cops.
They end up having to both use and overcome their delusions and disorders.
Order to save the only man who ever tried to help them.
Three revisit scenes  Billy  Henry  and Jack.
They each behave.
Each patient does so individually.
He and his friends are.
There are minor scenes showing the interaction between the two crooked police officers and.
What their plans are.
<EOS>
The King has vowed to avoid romantic entanglements.
Order to spend three years.
His chief courtiers agree to follow him.
One argues that they will not be able to fulfil this plan.
Berowne s claim is proven correct almost instantly.
The Princess comes to Navarre to discuss the status of the province of Aquitaine.
Each falls in love with one of her handmaidens.
The King does not grant them access.
The King falls with the Princess herself.
The men attempt to hide their own loves and expose those.
After a masked ball  all the amours are revealed.
Which the pairs are comically mismatched.
However   the women demand.
The men prove they are serious.
The comic underplot  is severely curtailed.
Which Costard and others attempt to stage a play.
Is the boasting.
<EOS>
The morning  their boat - containing 8 tons of explosives intended to destroy the air control tower - was attacked by a German vessel.
The Norwegians destroyed their boat.
Baalsrud and some other surviving soldiers fled.
They swam ashore.
Baalsrud was the only one to escape the Nazi onslaught and  soaking wet and missing one shoe  he escaped up a ravine and shot and killed a Gestapo officer.
He evaded capture  suffering from frostbite and snow blindness.
He failed and threw himself on the mercy of some Norwegian citizens.
Who happened to have access.
He amputated a significant number with an ordinary knife.
Hiding. 
These citizens managed to move Baalsrud close  but were forced to leave him in a snow cave for roughly two weeks and delivered him to a reindeer herder.
They returned.
Who finally took him to safety.
He recuperated through South Africa  Asia  Australia  New Zealand and America before rejoining the fight.
<EOS>
Samson Peabody is the janitor.
Where he and his wife Ethel live.
Ethel throws them out.
When more relatives come to stay.
A scheming occupant reads Samson s mail and poses as a clairvoyant prediciting the events of the letter  the arrival of Samson s rich Uncle for dinner.
However  the Uncle is a penniless lunatic and a pickpocket.
He steals the chicken and in the final scene  all the clothes of the people in the room.
<EOS>
The Continental Congress piddles away its time over trivial matters and can not even begin debating the question of American independence.
General George Washington is conducting the struggle.
The leader is the abrasive John Adams of Massachusetts.
Whose continuous pushing has brought their cause to a complete standstill.
John Dickinson leads the opposition.
Hopes with England.
Adams calls up the image of his wife Abigail Adams.
Who resides and gives him insight and encouragement.
Doctor Benjamin Franklin of Pennsylvania suggests another colony.
Supports independence should submit a proposal.
Richard Henry Lee is sent off to Williamsburg to get authorization to propose independence.
Weeks later  Lee returns  and finally debate on the question begins.
The question is called without a majority of positive votes present.
Dickinson calls for a vote requiring unanimity for passage  and ultimately being decided in favor of unanimity by Hancock  arguing.
Ends. 
Any objecting colony would fight.
Stalling to rally support for the resolution  Adams and Franklin call again for a postponement  justifying their call by stating the need for a declaration describing their grievances.
The vote is successfully postponed.
Again tied and ultimately being decided.
Such a document can be written.
John Hancock  President  appoints a committee up.
Includes Adams  Franklin and a protesting Thomas Jefferson who was heading home that night.
Adams sends.
The declaration can be prepared.
Both Adams and Franklin are quite taken.
Adams  Franklin and Samuel Chase visit.
Maneuvering to get the required unanimous majority.
The colonial army encamped at the request of General Washington to help convince Maryland.
The declaration is being read and then subsequently debated and amended.
The Southern delegates  lead  walk out of Congress.
When the slavery clause is not removed.
11 colonies are in favor.
New York continues to abstain.
The question is down.
Who always follows Dickinson s lead.
Wilson votes as part of the majority.
Finally   each colony affixes their signature to the Declaration  establishing the United States on July 4 .
<EOS>
Lawman Stafford Parker tries to maintain order in the ramshackle mining town.
Springs up.
<EOS>
The story is told and begins with a patrol being ambushed by the Vietcong  and the resulting firefight.
The leader is a man known simply as the Lieutenant.
The film opens.
It soon escalates to raids.
Stealing their money.
They attack the head of the L.
A.
Mafia and his soldiers.
One  a corrupt Los Angeles Police Department detective.
The lieutenant and his men use M16 rifles to take out their enemies.
One is captured and gives up the lieutenant after being tortured but the head of the L.
A.
Mafia and the corrupt cop are.
<EOS>
Moon is the story of a Swiss.
Who   returns to a small town in America where a love affair had come to an abrupt and  for him  unhappy end.
He tries to discover the reasons for the break-up of his relationship.
His ex-girlfriend has since married and is.
Parallel  he re-lives his own love relationship to this woman.
He becomes more and more involved with his own problems.
<EOS>
A dance teacher becomes an amateur sleuth.
When students start turning up dead academy.
Order to track down the killer.
<EOS>
A village is celebrating Loy Krathong.
When the festivities are disrupted.
Ray beams are fired.
All the village s women find.
They are suddenly pregnant.
Only a few hours later the women give birth.
The alien offspring have the power to kill.
They have an insatiable appetite.
<EOS>
Unable to ignore the call  a civil engineer builds his own fty-three foot sailboat and sets sail  transforming his dream of life at sea into reality.
He is in turn transformed from a man of hubris to a man of humility.
<EOS>
The story is a retrospective    the friends.
Who sits and remembers the horrors.
She made.
Few of whom survive.
The deaths are ascribed by Lyman to negligence at the climbing wall or security being too hard on the kids.
Occur. 
However   this is harder to explain away.
When Simple Plan s guitarist  Jeff Stinco  is impaled.
The deaths continue to mount.
Heather is suspicious.
A bandanna-wrapped  goggle-wearing  sword bearing killer who seems responsible  might be Lyman.
Her suspicions are substantiated and is promptly killed.
When he is seen dragging away a blood-daubed punk rock girl  who feebly protests that she is not dead.
The dead kids are apparently being used to feed the bands and tour staff.
Still  Lyman ca nt possibly be responsible.
The show must go on.
Meanwhile  Belial is becoming increasingly concerned  and sends two of his henchmen to scope out the situation.
They find.
The remaining members have combined to form a new band  Simply Used.
The new band and the henchmen are promptly electrocuted.
Deprived  the tour limps on.
Finally  all the fans and most -- what is seen is the implosion of Philadelphia s Veterans Stadium.
Heather goes to confront Belial.
Who claims to be unable to retrieve the demonic powers he gave Brutal Enigma.
But Heather and Kevin are able to stop the killers.
Who turn out to be zombies.
The Tour will go the fictional band Atticus  given actual life thanks to Belial.
<EOS>
A young girl is the focus of a battle between good and evil.
Katy Collins is no ordinary 8 year-old girl.
Indeed  she is unique  carrying  an inter-spacial force of immense magnitude.
Katy s primary mission is to carry these genes forward  a task accomplished by convincing her mother  Barbara with.
To bear a similarly endowed male child.
Whom Katy would eventually mate.
<EOS>
Ryan and Cinta are high school good friends.
Who have a crush.
Both have no courage to reveal their feelings.
Ryan was determined to tell Cinta about his feeling.
He was going to continue his study.
Ryan failed to make Cinta understand about his feeling because Cinta s stubbornness.
Cinta finally feel.
When Ryan was about to leave the country.
She had to see the last before he left and headed to the airport.
Same  he rushed from the airport to meet Cinta just to end up in a horrific traffic accident.
Ryan was killed.
When he tried to save a little girl.
The car exploded.
The angel granted him to live few more days on earth inside another person s body.
His soul can not come.
The only problem are.
Body belongs.
No one believes him.
He is Ryan.
<EOS>
The film opens.
Where fans and haters gather up.
Craven will perform his farewell concert.
Will be flying.
The concert is scheduled to be broadcast.
The FAA has received threats.
They had better allow this concert to take place.
Erica Black Monika Schnarre is a news anchor.
Who is  covering the concert.
The fans board the plane and later Craven and his band get on.
The crew checks everything.
The fans do not pay attention.
They cheer saying Craven many times.
FBI agent Kate Hayden has been after hacker Nick Watts.
Who has gained access.
Craven and his band start the concert and perform Gun Love and do tricks.
An unknown person corners him and assumes his personality.
When Craven is backstage.
The anonymous person then kills Craven s manager.
They both see something.
When Kate arrives.
They never thought was supposed to be part.
Craven kills captain Collins and takes the airplane hostage.
Kate places a call and tells fellow agent Frank Garner and his partner Dave Barrett to check it out.
Garner and Barrett head.
S broadcasting the concert.
It is the same company.
Erica works.
The company is run.
An explosion splinters the tower  killing everyone.
When Barrett calls the FAA tower to Mr Stopnow  the head of the tower and his staff.
Garner and Barrett think.
Craven has accomplices.
Kate and Nick use Nick s equipment to figure out  but an impostor named.
Who the hostage taker is and later find out that he is not the real Slade Craven.
Simon Flanders -LRB- also played  voice by.
It is revealed.
He was the anonymous person who cornered Craven and abducted him and locked him in a room in the cargo hold.
The room has a computer.
They then find more information.
Simon is a member.
He learns.
Simon was previously suspected and charged with 5 counts of Arson with all of the charges dropped due to insufficient evidence.
The plane strays off its normal flight path  and is heading.
There is a small church there that Simon and his accomplices plan to crash the airplane in.
They believe that Satan will be released.
Nick checks the internet and finds research.
When the Pope visited Colorado  he refused to fly over Eastern Kansas  because this part of Kansas is said to be one of the most unholiest places in the world.
It turns out.
Erica  who is a high-ranking member is the mastermind.
Erica organized the whole plan to take the airplane hostage.
The co-pilot  MacIntosh s assignment is to crash the airplane.
Craven manages to free himself.
Simon enters.
He is about to leave.
The two converse.
A fight follows.
Craven knocks Simon unconscious.
He gets out  and heads to the auditorium wherein backstage  he finds Erica.
Whom he engages where he disarms her of a gun and knocks her to the electric chair prop which he wires  killing her.
He then sees his guitarist  Damen  dead.
He goes and finds MacIntosh.
Who tells him his plan to crash the plane and commits suicide.
Realizing  Craven takes the controls.
No pilot is left to fly the plane.
The fans and the two remaining band members are.
Craven is guided to land the plane.
Simon enters the cockpit again and intervenes.
Craven engages him.
The plane goes.
The two land.
Where Simon is about to stab Craven but Craven.
The flight reaches Kansas and Craven lands the plane safely at Kansas City International Airport.
Everyone applauds.
Nick and Kate  the Z-Web-TV  FBI  and Kansas Airport controllers also celebrate.
Nick is apprehended.
The FBI agents are congratulated.
The fans  crew  and the band disembark.
The plane is surrounded.
One is given the chance to share on camera.
What has happened.
Craven disembarks and is congratulated and cheered by everyone.
The film ends.
<EOS>
The play follows one day  each member is troubled and has been damaged by alcohol or drugs.
They have issues.
Lead to reconcile with one another.
<EOS>
The year is.
A woman wanders barefoot.
Fuji  and suddenly falls.
She discovers.
When she comes.
She is.
One of the eggs begins hatching  revealing a large yellow eye within.
She goes  runs for her life  and is eventually discovered by a construction crew.
The girl apparently managed to babble.
She goes.
What she saw.
Her story airs.
Is seen.
Takashi skips his plane trip to Mexico and heads to his office.
He packs his gear  leaves his boss  and heads off to Mt.
Fuji to get a.
Takashi immediately heads.
When he arrives.
A sudden earthquake appears and is knocked out.
He later awakens  and discovers.
He was rescued.
We learn.
Takashi is intent.
Shohei is nt too big and refuses to help Takashi seek out the motherload of stone eggs.
Takashi decides to get back once again.
He sees Akiko and Junko  and slams.
He s cruising.
Moments later  he s having a tender moment.
It seems.
Mr Ashizawa is about to get a little action.
The mood is quickly ruined however.
Other bizarre things start happening.
A young couple disappear without a trace  an injured diver is pulled from the lake.
Livestock begin to mysteriously vanish.
Takashi begins developing a theory.
Perhaps a dinosaur is alive and well.
His theory gains a little more momentum.
He rescues Junko.
Horse-Corpse lying nearby.
Chasing her dog Kuma  ends up taking a dip in a big puddle of blood with a headless.
She begins to scream and would nt you know it  Takashi just happened to be in the neighborhood.
He brings Junko back  and waits with the two girls until nightfall.
Eventually two local schmucks happen and tell the confused trio.
They must have imagined the headless horse.
Takashi is baffled and decides to go see for himself.
He finds the exact spot and begins probing around.
Takashi does nt see the horse anywhere.
He does discover some strange tracks them.
His photo shoot is instantly interrupted.
Some blood drips.
He quickly points his flashlight up and is shocked to see.
The headless horse s remains are lodged above.
The following day  Takashi sits and develops a possible theory as to.
What type could bite off a horse s head  and then place the equine s remains in a tree for.
He decides.
The creature must be a living Plesiosaurus and shares his minimal proof and hypothesis.
The annual Dragon Festival is being held at Saiko Lake with the highlight being a country folk band performing on a floating stage.
The crowd begins clapping along.
The band strikes up a cheerful tune.
Everyone is so preoccupied.
They all fail to notice the huge shadow moving.
The Plesiosaurus rams the stage  causing it to break apart.
Several band members tumble.
The confusion gets the attention  so they hightail it to the Dragon Festival to see.
What all the hoopla is about.
Its right.
Jiro and his buddies make their move.
Jiro hops to the center of the lake  exclaiming.
A monster is heading.
Everyone begins to panic and rush back  except for Akiko and Junko.
They hop and begin photographing the lopsided fin.
Is slowly moving.
Using her zoom lens  Akiko discovers.
Two men are pushing the fin.
They all get back.
The crowd realizes that the fin is just a lousy stunt.
Seeing  Jiro rushes off to meet his two pals  Susumu and Hiroshi.
His prank has failed.
He arrives to see his two buddies swimming to shore with the fake fin.
They take.
A short break  ditch the fake fin  then hop.
Susumu and Hiroshi make it.
They are large tail rises and knocks them out of the raft.
Both men are pulled underwater.
A horrified Jiro watches.
A dinosaurian head rises.
Jiro rushes  charges into the mayor s office  and begins rambling about.
What he just saw.
Everyone thinks.
He is making it up.
They all try to ignore him and/or chase him off.
A foreign news correspondent named.
Harold Tucker shows up.
Mr Tucker has photographed the monster  and assures the mayor.
Nessie is.
The creature peeks  then smashes its face through the roof to snack on her.
Then the Plesiosaurus manages to get back  in time to feast upon Junko.
The plesiosaur actually seems to be toying.
It plucks her and dangles her over the water before releasing her.
She tries to swim.
Junko plummets.
She soon finds.
There is no escape.
Akoko comes back up.
She is as to.
Junko is missing.
She soon has a good laugh.
When she sees a hand grasping at the far end of the raft.
Thinking  Akiko grabs her friend s hand  and  slings the Junko s upper torso into the rubber craft.
Junko merely fell in.
Junko s death finally gets the ball rolling  and soon a local chapter is combing Saiko Lake with the latest sonar and radar technology.
The search continues.
Surprisingly  no dinosaur is discovered.
The search is called off.
A conference is held.
It is  we also learn.
Takashi s dad  Bunkichi  had a theory that if dinosaurs were ever to walk the earth again  that would mean a cataclysmic event was about to occur.
To prove this point  a scientist claims.
Monitors earthquakes.
Something very big is.
Fuji.
To make sure  he attempts to empty the air out.
Akiko does nt follow.
He slaps her  then makes a strange confession.
When Akiko tries to stop Takashi.
He is not seeking out the dinosaur.
To finally prove his father s crazy theories  but to see it and burn the memory forever.
Apparently this is a good enough reason to risk his life  so Akiko sees Takashi off.
But would nt you know it  the local officials have decided to drop depth charges.
They can scare the lake s unwelcome denizen up.
Akiko rushes back and puts on her scuba gear  then heads back to the lake in time to save her shell shocked lover.
But  the adventurous duo continue the search for the Plesiosaurus.
They eventually discover an underwater cavern and decide to venture inside.
A disembodied head floats.
Takashi and Akiko swim and find.
The cave leads from the beginning of the film.
Takashi s excitement is marred.
This would seem like the find.
How did Shohei meet such a messy end.
They ventured  and were quickly mauled by a gigantic claw.
Burst out.
The winged terror descends.
Are crowded.
The Rhamphorhyncus causes a bit before being shot at by the panic-stricken soldiers below.
The assault ends.
One unlucky soldier fires his weapon.
The resulting explosion causes.
A chain reaction and everyone is reduced to ash.
The Rhamphorhyncus flies off.
Elsewhere.
Fuji  Takashi and Akiko have exited the accursed ice cavern and run.
They retreat back and put a row of stalactites between themselves and the drooling maw of the Plesiosaurus.
All seems lost.
A strange sound outside distracts the hungry Plesiosaur.
Akiko and Takashi attempt to escape  only to find themselves trapped.
The long-necked beast pulls its head out.
Just then  Mt Fuji begins to erupt.
They are thrown into a chasm.
Where they apparently die.
The movie ends.
She s hanging on during the lava flow.
<EOS>
Conservative lawyer Adam Calhorn Shaw hopes to be elected.
He is engaged.
Arriving.
He had previously purchased.
Who follow astrology.
Athena offers to give him advice  Adam is uneasy  and leaves.
To mulch the peach trees.
Later   Athena arrives  mulches Adam s peach trees  kisses him  and announces her intention to marry him.
She also decides    Minerva has been training for the Mr Universe competition  Ed Perkins and Bill Nichols.
Adam s friend Johnny Nyle would be perfect.
Adam initially tries to resist Athena.
Grandma foresees difficult times ahead.
When all is looking rosy.
Athena s sisters advise Athena to break up.
Athena chooses to push ahead  knowing that love can change the stars.
The sisters visit Adam s house and perform a makeover  removing rugs and screens and installing large urns and fresh flowers.
He is out.
Adam s influential family friend  Mr Grenville  Adam s law firm partner  Mr Griswalde  and Adam s campaign manager  Mr Tremaine  phone Adam s house and reach Athena on the phone.
Curious  they visit Adam s house only to find Grandma there.
Adam invites Athena.
Athena at first charms the party and an off-the-cuff rendition of an aria from a Donizetti Opera.
However she loses her temper.
When Beth presents Athena where all of the vegetables are stuffed with meat.
More difficulties arise.
When Adam humiliates Ed Perkins and Grandpa.
Grandpa had hoped.
Ed would marry Athena to produce perfect children.
Adam verbally attacks Grandpa.
Ed threatens Adam.
Adam gets out.
Adam is told.
His political career is over the belief system of Athena s people that would alienate voters with those sympathies whilst those opposed to their beliefs would associate Adam with holding their beliefs by merely being with them.
Harmony is restored.
All gather around for a Mulvain-style feast.
<EOS>
Let s do it.
Be the first flight cat.
The next day  he warns the rest.
A seagull flock starts looking  they dive in and stay there until there leader spots the petrol flood.
One named.
Kengah does nt hear it and gets dirtied.
She survives the accident but has trouble.
She flies.
She falls.
Being disgusted Zorba refuses to eat her.
Kengah asks him three promises.
He must do if she does nt survive.
The first one is.
When she lays her egg he must not eat it  the second one is that he must take care until it hatches.
Third is.
He would teach the newborn how to fly.
Zorba promises  then he goes to find his friends to try and help save Kengah.
Zorba gets his friends.
It s too late.
When they arrive to save the seagull.
They find her egg  so Zorba tells them about the promise.
The cats decide to help him.
Zorba then forces himself to gently sit and hatch it.
Word soon spreads hatching a bird s egg  Great Big Rat.
It reaches the ears.
Who makes a plan to make all the town s cats his servants.
The egg soon hatches.
The cats decide to name the newborn Lucky.
Lucky lives herself.
Her belief soon disappears.
When YoYo  a red kitten jealous  tells her that she s a bird and that her adoptive father wants to eat her.
Lucky runs away and gets captured.
The cats look.
They found out that Great Big Rat has her captured.
The cats build a big cheese and hide.
YoYo however goes alone and stops the rats.
They can eat Lucky.
Both end up captured.
The cat s cheese arrives.
The cats jump out and rescue Lucky and YoYo right before Great Big Rat could kill them.
The cats throw Great Big Rat and his sidekick.
Zorba and his friends then decide to teach Lucky.
To fly.
Lucky fails to successfully fly.
Zorba decides to teach her to fly as a seagull mother would.
A little girl named Nina  to take them to a very high tower were Lucky.
Could jump and  according to her instincts  be able to fly.
The plan succeeds and Lucky starts flying.
She grabs YoYo and brings him.
She leaves.
Lucky then sais goodbye calling him by his name for the first time  YoYo calls Lucky his little sister.
Lucky gives her first seagull call and joins a flock.
The Great Big Rat sees the commotion and becomes enraged.
His plan failed.
<EOS>
Bhaskar  Boss Diganth is bowled over.
Bhaskar is a lazy bone  freeloader and not intelligent enough to make living.
He has not passed PUC.
He goes to copy the answers to the questions.
He is caught.
Who is the invigilator.
There is a family bondage.
When veterinary doctor Ramakrishna elder brother marries Chandrika s elder sister Nandini.
The useless guy Bhaskar starts a tuition class.
He brings.
Teacher and the only good thing happens is all the dull students parents sorrows is told.
Bhaskar wins with the help of his barber friend but again the hardship is Chandrika s father.
He was insulted by Bhasker s friend sharan.
Chandrika has to agree this time.
Rest forms the climax.
<EOS>
Coach Roy McCormick was once college basketball s top mastermind.
His attention began to turn.
What endorsement contracts he could secure.
Roy lets his temper get the best in most situations.
He s banned from coaching college level basketball.
He can show that he can control his anger.
Roy impatiently waits.
Eventually  he receives only one offer  Mount Vernon Junior High School  coach Roy s Alma Mater.
His former school s basketball team  the Smelters  is looking to coach the team.
Roy reluctantly accepts the offer.
Irritated. 
A few weeks will prove his good intentions and restore him to his high-living ways as a celebrated college coach.
He gets and decides  enough is enough.
Roy begins coaching the squad.
He s never been.
He eventually starts teaching the concepts to his new team.
The Smelters eventually start having success.
Unexpectedly  this leads Roy to find  not a big coaching gig  not high-dollar endorsement deals  and not even his name  but his simple love of the game.
What he s been missing this whole time.
<EOS>
Most is revealed as a flashback from prison cell of Veer Pratap Singh.
The narrative begins.
She is with the ashes of her Sikh governess Bebe.
Bebe begs Zaara to fulfill her final wish - to take her ashes to India  to the holy Sikh city of Kiratpur  and scatter them in the Sutlej river  among her ancestors.
Zaara decides to carry out Bebe s dying wish.
Zaara s bus meets with an accident causing it to overturn.
An Indian Air Force pilot  Squadron Leader Veer Pratap Singh comes  Zaara completes Bebe s final rites.
Veer convinces Zaara to return to his village to spend one day together.
Zaara agrees.
Veer takes her.
They visit Veer s home village and meet Veer s parents.
He has seen Zaara becoming Veer s wife.
He is falling with Zaara.
Taking her to catch her train  Veer is just waiting for the right time.
To tell Zaara  but before he can do that they are met by Zaara s fiance  who has come looking for her  Raza.
Veer confesses his love and then watches sadly the train.
Before she is to board the train.
Will take her back.
Veer gets no sense.
He discovers.
She is leaving.
He still has one.
She nods  both believe.
Him to keep it.
This is the end and that they will probably never meet again.
Zaara realizes.
She is having deep feelings  but that it is her duty to keep her family s honor and marry her fiance  a wedding that will further her father s political career.
She initially tells her mother.
Who is ready to give his life.
Soon Zaara starts to see Veer s everywhere and finally tells Shabbo.
Who is making love.
She has fallen with Veer.
Zaara s maid and friend Shabbo calls Veer and tells him  she dares him to come and take Zaara away.
Miserable Zaara is.
Veer  quits the Indian Air Force and goes to bring her back with him to India.
Who had told Zaara that he would give up his life.
Zaara s mother  Mariam Hayaat Khan  however  begs him to leave Zaara  Jahangir Hayaat Khan is a high-profile politician.
Whose reputation  and health  will be ruined if news gets out that his daughter is.
Veer respects this request and decides to leave.
Who is outraged.
The story moves forward.
Veer now meets Saamiya Siddiqui.
Who is an idealistic Pakistani lawyer  whose mission is to pave the path for women s empowerment in Pakistan.
The Pakistani government has decided to review the cases.
Stacking the deck  she has been given the case of prisoner.
Many view it.
The man has been languishing and has not spoken to anyone for the last 22 years.
Also  the prosecution is led.
Who has never lost a case.
Veer opens up and tells her  much less subpoena  Zaara s family.
She can fight his case but can not mention.
The number 786 is considered to be a holy number in Islam  this convinces Saamiya.
God has chosen Veer.
She becomes even more determined to exonerate him  restore his name and identity  and return him.
Saamiya realizes.
The prosecution presents it case.
She must cross the border and find someone who can prove Veer s true identity.
There  Saamiya meets Zaara  and has taken.
Who had fled.
She has thought.
Veer died.
Saamiya takes Zaara back to tell the court the truth about Veer s identity.
The judge releases Veer and apologizes on behalf of Pakistan.
He and Zaara bid goodbye at the Wagah border crossing  returning to their village together.
Veer is finally released.
<EOS>
The film follows the story.
Who decide to become traveling klezmorim.
Itke disguises herself and calls herself Yidl.
Her father is concerned.
<EOS>
Born  and bequeathed as a gift from the Sun God to an unwed Kunti  Karnan is abandoned so as to prevent embarrassment for her.
He is set afloat  rescued and adopted by a charioteer.
Who is employed.
Years later  the now-grown realizes.
The charioteer is his foster father only  therefore heartbroken.
He does not want to become a charioteer  and chooses to become a warrior instead.
He masters archery and challenges the Pandava prince Arjuna.
The Kaurava prince Duryodhana defends him and accepts him.
When Karnan is insulted.
Karnan is eventually crowned the king.
A young orphan Meghanathan   runs to Karnan seeking justice.
Who was accused.
The latter  knowing  willingly supports Meghanathan.
He is equally an orphan.
Lord Indra  the rain god and king of heavens  disguised as an old Brahmin  goes to Karnan and asks for his Kavasam and Kundalam in daanam.
Indra was apprehensive.
Karnan   may be able to overwhelm Arjun.
He therefore asked so as to reduce his strength.
Karnan had been cautioned.
Lord Indra was going to make some such move.
But Karna is so large hearted.
He can not refuse anyone.
Knowing fully well  disguised  he yet parts with his Kavasam and Kundalam.
Indra was playing a trick.
Were parts.
Lord Indra is taken aback.
He tells.
What Karnan has done today  no ordinary mortal could have done.
Immensely pleased  Indra lets him ask for any varam.
Karnan asks Indra to kindly give him the weapon Shakti.
Has the potential to destroy any enemy.
Lord Indra gives Shakti to Karnan.
However that he could use it only once and that thereafter the weapon shall return.
Karnan is keen to acquire the Brahmastra Mantra.
However  he knows.
Parasurama gives instructions only.
So he disguises to accept him as a sishya.
Parsurama accepts him as such and starts giving him instructions.
One day  it so happens.
When Parasurama is resting.
A giant bee stings Karnan.
It was very painful.
He starts bleeding.
However  fearing  he does not move at all and continues to suffer.
If he moved his legs  he would awaken Parasurama.
He sees Karnan bleeding  He asks Karnan  and states.
When Parasurama wakes up.
A Brahmin can not suffer so much physical pain.
Only a kshattriya can endure so much discomfort.
Karnan is obliged to disclose his identity.
Parasurama is greatly enraged.
He is a sworn enemy.
He therefore curses Karnan.
As he had learnt  he shall forget the vidya which Parasuram had taught him at the crucial juncture.
Meanwhile  Karnan saves Subhangi.
They fall.
However  Subhangi s parents disapprove.
They do nt want their daughter to marry someone who does nt know.
But they accept  so Karnan and Subhangi are happily married.
She gives birth.
Lord Krishna  a supporter of the Pandavas  finds out about Karnan s true background.
He tells Kunti  she realizes it soon  and so does Karnan.
Karnan is her first born son who she abandoned.
He reconciles.
Kunti gets two wishes.
He will not attack the other four sons than Arjuna.
He will attack Arjuna only once.
However  Krishna goes after this.
Parasurama s curse was to prove Karnan s undoing.
Karnan s son Vrishasena gets killed by Arjuna s arrow upon Krishna s commands.
Having a sword fight.
This results  making Karnan more determined to kill Arjuna.
The next day  Karnan uses the Nagastra to kill Arjuna.
Krishna saves Arjuna.
He is unable to kill Arjuna.
He can not use the Nagastra more than once.
A wheel gets stuck in a big hole.
He gets down to take it out.
Arjuna shoots many arrows at the helpless Karnan  severely wounding him  but is curiously unable to kill him.
Krishna tells him.
The great Dharma was protecting him.
Krishna disguises  goes to Karnan and asks him his virtues as donation.
Karnan gives his virtues  then dies.
Who can not say no.
Arjuna shoots a few more arrows.
The other Pandavas   so is Kunti.
Who realize that Karnan was their eldest brother  arrive and are saddened.
Arjuna  struck  curses himself for killing Karnan.
But Krishna reminds him.
Karnan were also responsible for his death  and that there was no need for Arjuna to blame just himself.
The film however ends.
Karnan is blessed when entering heaven.
<EOS>
Jaisingh Jadav  a Delhi based journalist finds.
Flesh trade exist in a village in Madhya Pradesh  the victims being girls belonging to the Bhil tribe.
He travels to the village followed by really buying a girl named Kamla and takes her to his home in Delhi.
Some days later he holds a press conference.
His intentions were good.
Where he reveals the actually wrong doings going on.
<EOS>
Famadihana is an ancient Malagasy custom.
Means the turning.
A symbol  and a chance to move the remains of ancestors from their first tomb to their final resting place  it is an occasion for festivities  dance and the sacrifice of zebus.
The movie is filmed.
The pages turn  the drawings come.
The luxuriant landscapes appear one after another.
The celebrations may commence.
<EOS>
The film highlights the economics.
Ajay Devgan describes the modus operandi of underworld.
He states telling.
Anything else  in this world everything is done  so is this business.
We do nt pay taxes  neither do we keep accounts  For this work is done.
Anybody can join us anytime  but can never resign.
Whoever breaks our law  is broken.
Here friendship  respect or honesty  the only real reason is same thing -- Profit.
Like this or like that.
The story revolves.
Gradually he learns tricks and increases the gang s earnings and profits.
This leads.
Who is the leader.
The film features one cold blooded murder scene.
Wherein Malik and Chandu kill Saeed and his brother Anis.
Thereafter Malik goes.
They include his rival gang leader and colleague.
Who was  also killed off.
Inspector Rathod   was also killed.
Who once tortured and abused Chandu.
However  both come during the execution of a contract killing.
The contract was.
Who tries to use Malik s gang to eliminate a front-runner  a contender.
The rift widens due to various misunderstandings.
The Commissioner makes use of the rift to bring the mafia under control.
Chandu and Malik end up becoming bitter enemies.
Two factions of Mumbai s once most powerful gang ` Company  went to a full scale war.
Malik and Chandu killed as possible.
Sreenivasan   became criticized greatly.
The police chief due to the war.
He and his men knew.
This war ultimately is shortening the to do list.
Big number were being killed.
The war results shot in Kenya.
Where Malik hires hitmen to kill Chandu.
However Chandu survives.
He is injured severely.
Sreenivasan convinces Chandu to come back and fight his war with Malik by helping the police bring the mafia under control.
The film reaches its climax.
When Chandu kills the politician.
One of Chandu s aides named.
Koda Singh  who swore revenge to kill who went  shoots Malik point blank to death in Hong Kong.
This shows  Chandu and Malik came.
Chandu never withdrew his order to kill Malik.
It s not confirmed.
Whether Chandu has forgotten to withdraw his orders or deliberately kept that on.
But  Sreenivasan notified.
Chandu and Chandu became tremendously shocked.
So  possibly Chandu forgot to send a come back call.
Koda Singh was arrested.
The film ends  showing Chandu spending the rest after being persuaded by the Police Commissioner to surrender.
<EOS>
Midsummer night .
The complex structures a man and a woman.
Miss Julie  the inexperienced but imperious daughter  deigns to dance at the servants  party.
She s also drawn.
Who has traveled.
He is engaged.
Jean and Miss Julie talk.
She sleeps.
It s a power struggle  for part it s the baring of souls.
They want to break the chains of class and leave Sweden together.
Jean and Miss Julie have their own decisions to make.
When Christine wakes and goes off.
<EOS>
Jane Austen is the younger daughter and has yet to find a suitable husband.
She wishes to be a writer.
Thomas Lefroy is a promising lawyer.
He describes as typical.
Tom makes a bad first impression.
When he nearly falls asleep while she gives a reading.
Overhearing his subsequent criticism  Jane can not stand the arrogant Irishman.
Meanwhile she turns down the affections  including Mr Wisley  the nephew and heir of the wealthy Lady Gresham.
Wisley proposes.
Jane ultimately rejects him due.
The mischievous Tom encounters Jane again  they argue  but increasingly take interest.
Tom demonstrates.
He takes Jane s literary aspirations seriously.
They fall in love.
Tom  Jane  her brother Henry  and Jane s rich widowed cousin  Eliza  Comtesse de Feullide  conspire to receive an invitation.
This visit is meant to be a short break.
This would allow Judge Langlois to get to know Jane before and give a blessing.
Full can not sleep during the night at the Judge s place.
She then begins the writing of First Impressions  the manuscript.
Will become Pride and Prejudice.
However  Judge Langlois receives a letter informing him.
He refuses to give Tom his blessing  declaring.
He would wish Tom to be the whoremonger he had been rather than allow him to live.
Tom tells Jane.
He can not marry her.
She is crushed  not knowing  his family depends financially.
Tom has a legitimate reason.
Jane goes back home and soon learns.
Tom has become engaged at the arrangement of his family.
Jane accepts the marriage proposal.
Whom she had earlier turned down.
Later  Tom realises.
He can not live  and returns  asking Jane to run away with him  for what value will there be in life  if we are not together.
Jane stumbles upon a letter from Tom s mother  and realises his situation  he sends money.
He receives back to his parents and siblings.
His family can not survive.
She tells Tom.
They can not elope  not depending upon him.
He insists and tells her.
He and Jane must marry.
Jane tells him  he will never be able to make enough money to support his dependents.
It will not be enough.
Distraught  Tom asks her.
She loves him.
She replies  Yes  but  then it will destroy itself  and regret and blame.
Our love destroys your family.
She leaves to go home.
Jane catches a last glimpse through the carriage window.
He briefly follows  the horses outpacing him.
Twenty years later  Jane  now a successful author and unmarried  sees Tom pass by during a gathering.
Her brother Henry  now married  goes after Tom and brings him to her.
Tom introduces his eldest daughter.
Who admires Jane s novels.
He remonstrates her.
She asks Jane to read aloud.
Astonished  Jane agrees to read.
He named his eldest.
The last scene shows Tom s daughter sitting.
She reads aloud  while Tom watches Jane affectionately.
Their eyes meet.
She concludes.
Tom joins the rest.
<EOS>
The movie jumps to the fifth  covering the time.
When conflict arose.
It then jumps to cover the end of the series.
The original script focused more heavily.
Joyce DeWitt s involvement added focus.
<EOS>
Essentially a remake s Senor Droopy.
Taking  One Droopy Knight casts Droopy and his rival Spike as medieval knights out to slay a dragon and win the hand of a beautiful human princess.
However  the dragon considers both as nothing more than minor nuisances.
Droopy though  takes more chances the dragon.
It thinks.
Droopy is small and harmless.
Meanwhile  Spike is being foiled.
Droopy however  bangs a mace and says  Take that you no good dragon.
Spike comes back riding.
Suddenly  the dragon blows fire  leaving them naked.
Spike gives up and goes away.
Droopy stands and cries looking.
The dragon draws a French moustache and laughs outrageously.
Droopy calmly gets mad and says one  You know what.
Then he beats up the dragon and wins the heart.
<EOS>
Philip Lamont  a priest struggling  attempts to exorcise a possessed South American girl.
Who claims to heal the sick.
Afterwards  Lamont is assigned to investigate the death of Father Lankester Merrin.
Who had been killed.
The Cardinal informs Lamont.
Merrin is up due to his controversial writings.
Apparently  Church authorities are trying to modernize and do not want to acknowledge.
Satan exists.
Regan   continues to be monitored by Dr Gene Tuskin.
Now seemingly normal and staying.
Regan claims.
She remembers nothing.
C.
Believes. 
Her memories are only buried or repressed.
Father Lamont visits.
The institute are rebuffed by Dr Tuskin  believing that Lamont s approach would do Regan more harm than good.
Which Merrin died.
Whom she is linked.
Where the exorcism took place.
The priest is spirited.
Learning help.
The boy developed special powers to fight Pazuzu  who appears  to seek.
Lamont learns.
Pazuzu attacks people who all have some form.
Kokumo has since become a scientist  studying.
To prevent grasshoppers.
Regan is able to reach telepathically  she uses this to help an autistic girl to speak  for instance.
Father Merrin belonged.
Who believed that psychic powers were a spiritual gift which would one day be shared.
Thought people were foreshadowers of this new type of humanity.
Merrin asks Lamont to watch over Regan.
Lamont and Regan return.
The pair are followed.
En route  Pazuzu tempts Lamont.
Lamont initially succumbs but is brought back by Regan and attacks the Regan doppelganger.
A swarm deluge the pair and the entire house begins to crumble around them.
However  Lamont manages to kill the Regan doppelganger.
Regan banishes the locusts by enacting the same ritual attempted by Kokumo to get rid of locusts in Africa.
Sharon dies from burn injuries.
She immolates herself.
Tuskin tells Lamont to watch.
Regan and Lamont leave.
Tuskin remains.
<EOS>
Jack Dudley  an English farmer  is married.
Who is desired.
Stilwood frames Dudley is sentenced to imprisonment in a French penal colony in New Caledonia.
Jack and Lilian are honeymooning.
He escapes and is recused.
<EOS>
A man discovers a sticky white substance bubbling out.
It is found to be sweet and addictive.
Later  the substance is marketed and is sold to the general public in pint containers like ice cream.
It is marketed.
The Stuff becomes a nationwide craze and drastically hurts the sales.
A former FBI agent turned.
Industrial saboteur  David Mo Rutherford  is hired.
Chocolate Chip Charlie Hobbs  to find out and destroy it.
What the Stuff is.
His efforts reveal - the Stuff is actually a living  parasitic  and possibly sentient organism.
The craze is far deadlier and much more evil than anyone had believed.
It gradually takes  mutating those and leaving them empty shells of their former selves.
Who eat it before consuming them from the inside.
A young boy named and sees.
Jason also discovers the Stuff is alive.
It affects his family.
He gets arrested.
Who comes.
Rutherford also manages Nicole  an advertising executive.
Who becomes his partner and lover when she sees the effect.
The trio infiltrates the distribution operation.
Is actually an organized corporate effort to spread the Stuff  and destroy the lake of Stuff with explosives.
Paul Sorvino.
Who leads a militia.
The Stuff addiction is ended and Rutherford  Nicole  Jason  and Col.
Spears are hailed.
Mo then visits the Stuff company s head  a man named Mr Fletcher.
He tells Mo.
The destruction has not hurt his business  since the Stuff seeps out from many places in the ground.
Mo vows to find those places and gets rid all.
Another man  Mr Vickers  brings.
Whom he is now working.
Who had originally hired Mo to find out.
They tell him.
They have come up that they call the Taste  which is a mix of 88 % ice cream and 12 % the Stuff  supposedly enough to make people crave more without it taking over their minds or killing them.
However  Mo then brings.
Who is carrying a box.
The box is full both to eat them all as punishment for all the lives lost to it  and for their greed.
Rutherford asks pointedly  are you eatin  it  or is it eatin  you.
They do.
The movie ends.
<EOS>
Persuaded to enter a beauty contest.
A young typist is.
She decides to give up her previous career and life and take up entering the contests.
When she wins.
<EOS>
Handsome sailor Felipe and nasty Governor Don Fernando are rivals.
Don Fernando throws him.
When Felipe deserts his ship.
Valencia obtains his release and shares his disgrace and exile.
<EOS>
A famous inventor creates an extra-powerful weapon -- an explosive mosquito.
King Cain XVIII dreams.
She is also loved.
Yan s love leads him to surmount many obstacles and simultaneously thwart the insidious plans.
<EOS>
Edward Kendall Sheridan Lionheart  had thought.
He was the greatest Shakespearean actor.
Abetted  Lionheart sets about murdering  one by one  a group of critics was merited by his final season of performances in various Shakespearean plays  humiliated in the aftermath of the awards ceremony  he attempts suicide and is presumed dead.
Who had both ridiculed his acting and declined to award him their Critic s Circle Award for Best Actor  which Lionheart felt.
Unbeknownst  Lionheart survives the suicide attempt and is adopted into a community of meths-drinking vagrants.
Who do his bidding.
The manner is inspired by deaths of characters in the plays of Lionheart s last season of Shakespeare.
The critic is first duped by Lionheart s acting initially to play the part  followed by a forced recantation and an ironic  humiliating and grotesque dispatch of the critic.
Lionheart s murderous intentions are revealed.
The first victim is butchered on March 15  in a reenactment of the death of Julius Caesar.
The next is speared.
His corpse dragged at the hands of Achilles in Troilus and Cressida.
The Merchant is reworked.
That Shylock gets a pound.
<EOS>
