Dr Norton is killed by Straker.
Who is himself then killed using a pistol.
Afterwards  Mears and Petrie find Barlow s coffin and destroy him by driving a stake through his heart.
They then escape  and set fire to the house.
However  Susan is nowhere to be found.
The wind begins to carry the fire itself.
The house burns.
Mears and Petrie then flee Salem s Lot knowing and purify the town.
The fire will drive all the other vampires.
Has engulfed it.
The story then returns at the church in Guatemala two years later.
It quickly becomes clear.
They are.
Who have been relentlessly pursuing them.
Their supplies glow.
Whenever a vampire is nearby.
Realising  Mears and Petrie return.
They have been tracked down yet again.
However  once there  Mears finds Susan lying.
Now a vampire  she prepares to bite him.
He leans down to kiss her.
He drives a stake.
Filled  he and Petrie leave  knowing.
Vampires are still hunting them.
<EOS>
Charlotte  a young woman  is abducted.
Who is known not to harm humans needlessly.
Charlotte s father hires D to find her and kill her humanely.
She turns.
Her older brother also hires the notorious Marcus brothers for backup.
The two parties race inexorably.
However  Meier Link hires the Mutant Barbarois  a group.
They consist.
Meier Link s abduction turns out to be an escape.
The story progresses.
They are lovers.
D talks to Leila and tells her  the life of a normal human.
She can have a life that someone like him could never have.
They make a pact   the survivor can bring flowers.
Either one survives.
Meier Link goes with Charlotte to the Castle of Chaythe.
Where Countess Carmilla  Meier Link s patron  waits.
Carmilla  a ghost.
Who died long ago.
When vampires were all-powerful and unchallenged.
However  her bloodlust was so strong.
Count Dracula  D s father  killed her.
D fights Carmilla s ghost.
Who plotted to kill Charlotte and return.
D  along  let.
Meier Link leave.
D arrives at Leila s funeral  watching from a distance.
Leila s granddaughter greets him and invites him to stay for a while.
D declines  saying.
He simply came to repay a favor.
He admitted.
He was glad she was wrong.
The girl thanks him.
D replies  and leaves.
<EOS>
The film is set.
Matt Franklin is a recent MIT graduate.
Who works.
Matt s high school crush  Tori Fredreking  randomly walks.
Working one day.
He does nt work there.
He works.
Later that night  Matt  Wendy  and Matt s best friend  Barry Nathan  head.
Barry steals a brand new Mercedes-Benz convertible from the car dealership he got fired from earlier that day  justifying his actions by saying.
Matt needs the convertible if he really wants to impress Tori.
The trio arrive.
Awkwardly tries to woo Tori  Barry snorts some cocaine.
He found and gets involved in a.
Wendy s boyfriend proposes in front of everyone at the party.
She says yes  upsetting Matt.
Who does nt think that Kyle will support her.
Tori eventually invites Matt and Barry.
Barry has a sexual encounter.
Matt and Tori continue to mingle.
They eventually leave the party and go  play truth or dare  and end up having sex.
Where they jump.
Afterwards  Matt confesses.
He does nt actually work.
Tori gets extremely upset and storms off  leaving Matt.
Later on   Matt tells Barry.
Matt and Barry drive back.
He told Tori the truth.
Barry patronizes him and attempts to lighten the mood by offering Matt a line of cocaine  despite him driving.
Matt  feeling vulnerable  attempts to snort the cocaine  but ends up driving the convertible.
A police cruiser soon arrives.
It turns out to be Matt s dad and his police partner.
Already disappointed  Mr Franklin damages the convertible even more as a means of coercing Matt to get a better job.
Order to pay off the damages.
He takes Matt and Barry  but lets them off in a random neighborhood with a warning.
Matt apologizes.
His dad replies that because he s never even tried to succeed  he s actually less.
Then   he encourages Matt to take a shot at anything in life.
Matt and Barry eventually make their way back   a giant  steel sphere rolled down a hill in.
Where bets are being placed.
Someone enters and gets.
Matt finds Tori and tries to apologize.
Tori is unwilling to forgive him.
Feeling  Matt volunteers to ride the ball.
He has nothing to lose.
However  the ball rolls downhill uncontrollably  hitting several parked cars and eventually flying off an embankment.
When he does.
Matt almost drowns.
The ball sinks  but manages to escape just.
Barry rushes and walks with Matt back to the party.
Is beginning to wind down as the sun is coming up.
Wendy shares her admissions letter.
Where it is revealed that she did not make it.
Kyle is visibly relieved.
This angers Wendy and  realizing.
Matt was right all along  ends the engagement and breaks up.
Meanwhile  Matt makes one last attempt to make amends.
She eventually forgives him and gives him her phone number before leaving.
Matt  Wendy  and Barry then leave the party to go get breakfast.
Matt s dad is investigating the scene.
Where the steel ball was found.
He finds Matt s Suncoast Video name tag floating  and smirks proudly.
<EOS>
Adam and Paul are childhood friends.
Who have withered into two hopeless  desperate addicts  tied together by habit and necessity.
The film is a stylised  downbeat comedy.
Is devoted to scrounging and robbing money to buy heroin.
Adam and Paul wake up sick.
They make their way.
Injures Paul s leg.
Wandering they meet their old gang.
Who are drinking cans and having a little picnic.
Made feel unwelcome  the boys sit down.
Who are furious for not turning up that morning to the month s mind of Matthew  the boys  best friend and Orla s brother.
Marian  backed  warns them to stay away from his sister.
Georgie lets slip.
There is a do that night in the Bunker pub.
We follow the boys aimlessly wandering around the city looking for an unknown person - perhaps a contact.
Might be able to sort them out.
They have a misunderstanding.
Who thinks they re looking under the alias of Clank.
Who he mistakenly gathers owes them money.
Paul hurts his hand  they get kicked out of a cafe for trying to steal a handbag.
Paul gets barred.
They make their way to Janine s.
She is not home.
The door is left open.
The boys are just about to steal her telly.
When they hear the sound.
Janine returns home to find the two gently holding and whispering.
They leave Janine.
They will see her again that night.
The pair mug an adolescent.
He does not have any cash or valuables.
Later  a furious man grabs them  accusing them.
He owes them money.
He identifies himself.
Clank and his friend Zippy kidnap the two and force them to keep a lookout.
They cause a bit in a nearby garage with baseball bats.
Adam and Paul fail to notice the arrival.
Both Clank and Zippy are arrested.
The pair decide to take Clank s car  but crash in the process.
Sitting down a back lane  they come across a flat-screen TV.
They and Kittser  a stolen goods merchant  take the telly and attempt to sell it to a drunk older man.
But Kittser and the buyer argue.
The telly gets damaged  forcing the again hopeless depressed Adam and Paul to leave.
They pass the door of drug dealer Martin.
Who is being raided.
The contents are thrown off of his tower block flat and land on the ground around the boys including two bags of heroin.
The two sit.
Paul wakes up the next morning on Dublin Bay.
Adam   has overdosed and is dead.
Who is lying.
Paul leaves.
<EOS>
During seances concerning Jonathan Swift  the spirits of his former lovers  Stella and Vanessa  emerge.
<EOS>
Lovers Lula and Sailor are separated  the assailant was hired.
He is jailed.
Lula picks him up at the prison.
Where she hands him his snakeskin jacket.
They go  make love and go to see the speed metal band Powermad.
Where she reserved a room.
Sailor gets into a fight with a man.
Who accosts Lula  and then leads the band.
Later  back  after making love again  Sailor and Lula finally decide to run away to California  breaking Sailor s parole.
Lula s mother arranges to find them and bring them back.
Unbeknown  however  Marietta also hires gangster Marcelles Santos to track them  and kill Sailor.
Unaware happening back in North Carolina  the two are on their way.
-- -- they witness a bad omen  the aftermath of a two-car accident.
The only survivor  a young woman  dies.
Sailor heads for Big Tuna  Texas.
Where he contacts old friend Perdita Durango  who might be able to help them  although she secretly knows he is to be killed by Lula s mother.
Inevitably   Lula waits in the hotel room  being sick and pining for better times.
Sailor agrees to join up.
Enters the room and tries  but at the last second laughs it off and walks out.
Sailor is.
The robbery goes spectacularly wrong.
When Peru unnecessarily shoots two clerks.
Sailor realized.
They leave the feed store.
He has been given an unloaded pistol.
Bobby then admits to Sailor  but  Peru accidentally blows his own head off.
He s been hired to kill him.
As he is about to do so  the sheriff s deputies open fire.
Sailor is arrested and sentenced.
Lula has their child  her mother vanishes  and upon his release.
Sailor is.
She decides to pick him up.
He reveals.
They pick him up.
He s leaving them both  having decided while that he is nt good enough for them.
He encounters a gang.
He is walking a short distance away.
Who surround him.
He thinks.
His bravado will carry him through.
They quickly knock him out.
He sees a revelation.
He is unconscious.
The Good Witch who tells him  Do nt turn away.
He apologizes and tells them he realizes a great many things  then screams Lula s name and runs away.
When he awakes.
He begins to run over the roofs and hoods to get back to Lula and their child in the car  with the film ending as Sailor sings Love Me Tender to Lula on the hood of their car as the credits roll.
There is a traffic jam.
<EOS>
The film is known involving three young World War I veterans and almost continuously in Paris with the vivacious and beautiful woman they ve befriended.
Who opt to drink indefinitely.
<EOS>
Bud Corliss is an ambitious student.
Who is wooing Dorothy Kingship purely.
He realizes.
When he discovers that Dorothy is pregnant.
She is quite likely to be disinherited.
He assures Dorothy  yet he hesitates.
He ll take care.
When Dorothy insists.
Bud then murders Dorothy and stages it.
It appears to be a suicide.
He then reaches out.
Order to ingratiate himself.
Ellen finds evidence to question the suicide verdict.
Then discovers Bud knew Dorothy.
Ellen struggles to avenge her sister and save her own life.
<EOS>
Coach Mike Lewis assembles the California Wave Bantam AAA travel hockey team  getting to the national championship.
The team includes young stars.
Each of these players is profiled and come together as a team for one last shot at a national title.
They battle.
They play the Dallas Alliance  TPH Thunder and Nashua Panthers.
When the Wave reach the USA Hockey national championship.
They win each.
Goes scoreless.
When one is called in the crease.
Honeybaked then take a 1-0 lead.
The Wave get a power play opportunity but fail.
Then Honeybaked seals the victory.
When the Wave pull their goalie.
The loss is devastating.
Some vow to return to nationals the next year.
Sure enough  twelve months later  Coach Lewis and the Wave do make it back.
They go on to defeat the New Jersey Jr.
Devils in the championship game.
NHL stars such as Scott Niedermayer  Joe Thornton  Scott Gomez  Jeremy Roenick  Brendan Shanahan  Martin Havlat  and Brian Rolston share their own personal stories about.
What it takes to be the best and what it means to win a national championship.
The Wave s story also shows the passion and dedication.
<EOS>
Nick OBannon  a college student  watches a race.
Nick suddenly has a premonition.
Watching the speedway race.
Which a number die when the Speedway collapses following a crash.
Nick panics  persuading his girlfriend  Lori Milligan their friends  Janet Cunningham and Hunt Wynorski  security guard George Lanter  mechanic Andy Kewzer  mother Samantha Lane  racist tow truck driver Carter Daniels  and Andy s girlfriend Nadia Monroy to leave  escaping seconds becomes a reality.
A stray tire flies off the stadium and obliterates Nadia.
Nick is explaining what he saw.
Just days attempts to burn a cross on George s front lawn.
It backfires.
When his truck starts to move  and as he chases  his foot gets caught in the chain  dragging him along with the truck before he gets set on fire and then the truck blows up  killing him.
His scorching head falls right.
Who came out to see what was going on.
The next day Samantha dies.
Her eye gets perforated.
They research and learn about the previous disasters then they realize.
When Nick and Lori hear.
Death never meant to survive and is now coming for them.
Nick convinces George and Lori to help him foil Death s plan.
Janet and Hunt refuse to believe.
The group tries to save Andy  but he is killed  but Nick gets new visions.
A carbon dioxide tank drives him.
They split up to save Hunt and Janet.
Lori and George successfully rescue Janet.
Nick arrives to save Hunt.
Who dies when he s unable to pull himself free.
George considers suicide but is unable to kill himself  leading the survivors to believe.
Saving Janet had stopped Death s plan.
Nick decides to take Lori.
She has already gone.
Lori begins to see odd warnings suggesting.
They are not out as Nick realizes that there was another survivor  Jonathan Groves.
Jonathan is crushed.
Before Nick and George can make it.
George is run over shortly thereafter.
Left  Nick arrives at the theater just in time to save Lori from an explosion.
Kills Janet and several others.
However another explosion causes the mall.
Lori is annihilated.
Nick awakens and realizes  but is not able to save George from his fate.
As she dies.
It was all a vision.
Thanks  Nick is able to locate the source of the initial explosion and extinguish the flames.
Two weeks later  the trio celebrates their survival.
Nick notices the omens surrounding him  and begins to think.
Perhaps they were never meant to die.
And.
Their deaths were to happen somewhere else.
Then he notices.
The words It s coming are the words It s here.
A series cause a semi to crash through the front of the cafe.
He says tells this.
Avoiding a falling window cleaning structure.
Shown  Janet is run over  breaking her skull and crushing her back  Lori s head is chopped off.
Nick is thrown  breaking his jaw  snapping his spine  and losing all of his teeth  leaving no survivors of the McKinley Speedway incident.
The movie ends.
Nick s broken teeth fall  and one of the broken teeth  is seen bouncing  and which flies at the screen.
<EOS>
The film is a historical and critical look.
Includes dozens  beginning with Halloween  Friday the 13th  and Prom Night.
The films  directors  writers  producers  and special effects creators comment.
The films get gorier  budgets get smaller.
Their appeal diminishes.
Then  A Nightmare revives the genre.
Jumping.
When Scream brings humor and TV stars.
Most celebrate the films.
Some criticize the genre as misogynistic.
Long as there are teenagers  there will be slasher films.
<EOS>
Cesare  a journalist  recognizes.
Saved his life some time earlier.
He tries to help the woman  Maria  and convince her to change her life  but.
Later on  Maria asks Cesare.
She is dying  but can not tell her parents.
Some time earlier  she had told them that she was married.
So   Cesare marries Maria  and then calls for her family to be with her.
<EOS>
Karan and Natasha Tashu are childhood friends.
Natasha has always loved Karan  albeit secretly.
Karan  however  falls.
Meanwhile  Professor Bakshi   is reinstated.
Who is rumoured to have murdered his wife and hidden her body.
Tanya took the blame saying  the group  Pat and Khush  sneak inside Professor Bakshi s house to retrieve the exam papers.
When Karan was caught tryin to help Yash.
It was her fault.
Tanya s year wont be a waste.
They try to run away but are chased.
When they find a woman s dead body there.
Their car accidentally hits Professor Bakshi.
He falls down the cliff.
Fearing arrest  they run away.
Tanya is traumatized  and leaves to start a new life.
Years later  Tanya  Karan and their group have a reunion.
However  a killer is lurking somewhere nearby and is waiting to strike.
And one they start to die  Dolly dies  Pat dies.
Kush are all killed   but miraculously survives.
Yash is attacked.
Eventually  only three are left.
Karan follows.
When Yash is attacked again.
Who appears to be Professor Bakshi  only to find someone else being attacked while Bakshi is.
He leaves to find Khush attacked.
Khush says Tanya.
He holds a piece.
Karan follows a car  and finds Natasha injured.
Has Natasha and Tanya to a cliff.
She tells him.
Professor Bakshi bought her and Tanya here.
Karan realises.
Also realises.
The piece came off Natasha s scarf.
He asks Natasha.
She attacked everyone.
She claims it.
She loved him.
She begs him to forgive her.
He is speechless.
She says  so she walks backwards and falls off the edge  yelling Karan s name.
He wo nt forgive her.
He runs to save her  but is unsuccessful.
Her scarf blows.
Karan remembers each of his friends  including Natasha.
Who died.
He meets Tanya again.
They decide to be.
They find Yash.
<EOS>
One year after the Nakatomi Tower Incident  John McClane is waiting at Washington Dulles International Airport for his wife Holly to arrive from Los Angeles  California.
Reporter Richard Thornburg   is assigned a seat from her.
Who exposed Holly s identity.
McClane spots two men  one of the men has a gun.
Suspicious  he follows them.
He kills one of the men while the other escapes.
Learning the dead man is a mercenary thought to have been killed  McClane believes.
He s stumbled.
He relates his suspicions.
Lorenzo refuses to listen and has McClane thrown out.
Former U.
S.
Army Special Forces Colonel Stuart and other members set up a base in a church near Dulles after executing the church s custodian.
They take over the air traffic control systems  cutting off communication  and seize control of the airport.
Their goal is to rescue General Ramon Esperanza  a drug lord and the dictator.
Who is being extradited to stand trial on drug trafficking charges.
They demand a Boeing 747  and warn the airport s controllers not to try to restore control.
They can escape.
McClane realizes.
His wife is.
C.
To be redirected  and will likely crash if the terrorists remain.
He prepares to fight the terrorists.
Dulles communications director Leslie Barnes heads to re-establish communications with the planes.
Stuart s henchmen  disguised  ambush them.
All the SWAT officers are killed.
Is one.
McClane bursts in.
They can shoot Barnes.
McClane kills the rest of Stuart s men.
He responds.
When Stuart learns.
S.
Army Special Forces team is called  led by Major Grant.
A two-way radio dropped.
Esperanza is landing.
McClane gets there.
Stuart traps him and throws grenades into the cockpit.
McClane escapes explodes.
Barnes is then able to help McClane locate the mercenaries  hideout.
They tell Grant and his team to raid the location.
However  the mercenaries escape during a shootout between Grant s team and Stuart s team.
McClane pursues them  killing two more mercenaries and taking a snowmobile.
The gun does not work.
He picked up.
He realizes.
The gun contained blanks and that the mercenaries and Special Forces are working together.
McClane contacts Lorenzo to send out officers to intercept the Boeing 747  proving his story with the blank gun.
Which the mercenaries are planning to escape.
Thornburg   barricades himself in the airplane lavatory and phones in a sensational and exaggerated take on.
What is happening  leading to panic in the airport and preventing the officers from reaching the plane.
Holly enters the lavatory and subdues Thornburg with a taser.
McClane hitches a ride.
Drops him off.
He blocks the ailerons  preventing the plane from taking off.
Grant emerges and fights McClane  but is sucked and killed.
Stuart comes out to fight next  and succeeds.
The fuel hatch.
Before McClane knocks open.
McClane uses his cigarette lighter to ignite the trail of leaking fuel   killing all on board.
Races down the runway  ignites the rest of the fuel and destroys the jet.
The passenger planes  circling  use the lighted trail to land.
McClane and his wife are reunited.
<EOS>
Faith is a young woman trapped.
She flees and moves to Atlanta to start over.
She meets a fun and free-spirited young woman named Lola.
Faith begins her new life.
Lola lives.
Faith and Lola become good friends.
Lola invites Faith to live to help out with the farm work.
The family work on the farm.
The two young women go out on the town to party in Atlanta.
Lola brings home a different man every night.
Eventually Faith notices.
These men disappear with Lola.
She suspects.
Lola s father is murdering them.
<EOS>
Professor Oliver Haddo  a modern Cambridge scholar  becomes possessed by the spirit of the infamous occultist Aleister Crowley.
The machine s program has been corrupted.
Resurrected  Crowley begins his occult practices anew  seeking a new scarlet bride.
Whom he can marry.
<EOS>
Alex Lansing is tormented.
Stevie has caused trouble.
Most recently  Alex is forced to take Stevie.
When Stevie receives a magical coin to wish anything and runs off.
Alex is grounded.
They are sent.
Alex wishes.
Stevie gives Alex the coin.
He d never had a little brother.
The next day  he wakes up  only to find.
His wish has come true.
Stevie is now a child actor  Terrence Russell McCormack.
Where s Stevie.
He is mostly popular  Alex soon regrets a few things.
His new popular jock is revealed to be crude  mean and have a bossy attitude.
Friends are now tormenting his other friends & Fiona the cheerleader.
Alex began to miss Stevie.
Alex s parents are career-obsessed  which makes Alex feel lonely.
Terrance thinks he s crazy when he tells him.
Much he cares and misses him.
Terrance drives and decides to walk with Alex.
Alex walks home.
Who he considers his friend.
The two escape.
This happened because  Alex and Terrance set out to find the coin  enlisting the help of Abby who Alex convinces.
The three locate the man.
Who gave Stevie the coin.
He was injured and had to close his shop and sold off the coin.
Alex and Terrance are caught by the police and are taken to Alex s home.
Where Terrance s caretaker comes to get him.
Terrance gets a call and is excited.
He had the best night  but quickly loses his excitement.
When learns that his mother is getting remarried.
Alex and Terrance share a brotherly hug and say goodbye.
Alex slips.
He has no chance.
The next day.
Alex throws them  then discovers.
One is the magic coin.
Alex gets it  but his shout frightens his parents due to his emotional state.
They decide to break his door down.
When he wo nt open it.
Alex wishes.
They can.
He never made the first wish and wakes up back with none of it having ever happened.
Alex excitedly embraces Stevie and his friends and asks Abby.
He s not her boyfriend.
Later  Alex  James and Abby go skating and take Stevie and try to teach him to skate.
He gives up  but then uses the coin to become a great skater.
<EOS>
Mary  Queen of Scots returns to her native land.
The young queen faces many challenges.
The Protestant faith has been embraced by many nobles of Scotland  in addition  the Catholic Mary has to deal with her half-brother James Stewart  Lord Moray s ambitions for rule.
He suggests.
Mary enjoy herself  and pass the time with dancing and feasting.
Moray wants to rule Scotland.
The lovely but inexperienced Mary becomes a figurehead.
Fearing  Elizabeth I decides to weaken her claim by sending her favourite  the ambitious Robert Dudley  to woo and marry Mary.
Mary has ambitions.
She promises.
Mary will become her heir if she agrees.
Sly Elizabeth also sends the younger  dashing but weak Lord Darnley.
Tempted  Mary impulsively chooses him for marriage.
Lord Moray  a Protestant  opposes the marriage.
Mary ignores him.
She even exiles Moray to strengthen her own authority.
Elizabeth is satisfied  passionate Mary s romantic misadventures will keep her busy and give shrewd  practical Elizabeth less to worry about.
Reckless. 
Darnley throws a childish temper tantrum  complaining.
He has no real power and is merely Mary s King Consort.
A disillusioned Mary soon banishes Darnley and frequently consults with the gentle  soft-spoken Italian courtier David Riccio.
Darnley had previously had him and accuses him of fathering Mary s expected child.
A group persuade Darnley to help get rid of Riccio.
Whom they murder.
To escape  she persuades Darnley.
The plotters will turn.
They flee.
He has been an ally since her arrival in Scotland.
Mary forces a truce.
He defeats the plotters.
Mary gives birth.
Who is expected to succeed both Mary and the unmarried  childless Elizabeth.
The peace is.
The weak  selfish Darnley still wants power.
He is hideously scarred and already dying of syphilis.
Mary pities him  but finds herself falling with the rough but loyal Bothwell.
They arrange for Darnley to be killed in a gunpowder explosion at his manor.
Bothwell marries Mary.
Their few brief nights together are blissful.
But Moray rejoins the Scottish lords and leads a rebellion.
He forces Mary to abdicate.
She and her husband are driven to England and Bothwell to Denmark.
Mary s young son James is to be crowned King and raised as a Protestant.
Mary begs Elizabeth for money and an army to regain her throne.
Instead Elizabeth takes her prisoner  keeping her locked away.
Elizabeth s closest advisor  Sir William Cecil  is anxious to get rid.
Elizabeth fears to set a precedent.
She also fears.
Mary s death might spark a rebellion and cause problems with powerful France and Spain.
Mary is doomed to an open-ended captivity.
The once proud Queen of Scots succumbs to an empty routine  plotting half-heartedly to escape but growing increasingly comfortable in her luxurious seclusion.
She occupies herself  talking vaguely of escape yet sleeping later and later each morning.
Yet  they continue to plot her final destruction.
The helpless imprisoned queen has lost all will to harm her enemies.
Cecil finds evidence of Mary s involvement in the conspiracy to assassinate Elizabeth known as the Babington Plot.
Finally Elizabeth confronts Mary.
Who regains her royal pride and behaves defiantly.
Mary will not beg.
Elizabeth offers her mercy if she begs.
She endures the trial  conviction and execution.
She knows her son.
James will ultimately succeed.
<EOS>
Emmannuelle Prevert relieves the boredom by seducing timid Theodore Valentine.
She returns home to surprise her husband  the French Ambassador  Emile Prevert but first surprises the butler  Lyons.
He removes her coat only to find.
She has left her dress.
Theodore is spurned.
Who has genuinely forgotten their airborne encounter.
Theodore exacts revenge by revealing Emmannuelle s antics to the Press.
However   she discovers and decides to settle down to a faithful marriage with Emile  and dozens of children.
She is pregnant.
<EOS>
Young Jim Hawkins and his mother run the Admiral Benbow  a tavern.
One dark and stormy night   the mysterious Billy Bones arrives and drunkenly talks about treasure.
Bones is visited by Black Dog then Pew  and drops dead  leaving a chest.
He bragged contained gold and jewels.
Jim finds a map.
His friend Dr Livesey realizes will lead them.
Squire Trelawney raises money to the treasure island.
They set sail.
Is the one-legged Long John Silver and his cronies.
They become friends.
Though Bones had warned Jim with one leg.
Several fatal accidents happen to sailors.
Who disapprove.
Then  the night  Jim overhears Silver plotting to take the treasure and kill Smollett s men.
Jim goes ashore  and encounters an old hermit named Ben Gunn.
Who tells him that he has found Flint s treasure.
Meanwhile  Smollett and his loyal men flee on the island for safety.
Silver s men then attack the stockade.
When Smollett refuses to give them the treasure map.
Jim secretly goes back at night  sails it to a safe location and shoots one of the pirates in.
The situation looks hopeless.
Silver s men are there.
When he returns.
Silver tells them.
A treaty has been signed.
The pirates want to kill Jim.
Silver protects him.
Dr Livesey comes.
The boy refuses to break his word not to run away.
The next day the pirates search hold.
It is empty.
When they find it.
Join him.
When some mutiny against Silver  Livesey and Gunn.
Smollett then sails home.
Gunn had hidden as his prisoner.
Unable to stand and let his friend be hanged  Jim frees Silver.
Silver promises to hunt treasure again some day  as Honest John Silver.
He sails away.
<EOS>
The story takes place in the year.
Yegor  a dashing bandit leader meets Princess Vera.
They fall.
The relationship is shattered.
When Yegor kills Vera s brother  Prince Serge.
Yegor kidnaps Vera  forcing her to live a life among the bandits.
Vera manages to outwit Yegor  and flogged.
Who is captured.
Vera begs Yegor s forgiveness.
They realize.
They can not be together.
<EOS>
Actress Sana Azim slits her wrists in a hotel room  in an attempt to kill herself.
He is devastated.
When this news reaches film-maker Aditya Garewal.
Aditya has been searching.
Who was intensely involved and who had mysteriously disappeared from his life without any explanation  three years ago  only to surface now in what could be the last moments of her life.
He is hurled back.
Aditya waits  praying to be reunited with her.
Wherein Sana played the role to a struggling Aditya.
Everything was perfect.
Lurked  waiting to destroy their love.
He runs away.
When Aditya realizes that the only way he can save Sana is to take her away from Bollywood and the vested interests that threaten to destroy her completely.
Those moments lived are like an oasis in the desert.
Suddenly  she disappears  leaving him with unanswered questions.
Aditya tries his best to save Sana but fails.
<EOS>
Goong-dahl  a typical loser billed.
The unluckiest man alive returned after one year s intense training of reject student s treatments.
Now he is up.
He started with a new face by threatening and rescuing hot girl Min-ah from several oldies in the school.
Everything went smoothly up.
One is happened to be the schools notorious thug Jae-koo thus receiving invitation to a grand duel on the roof top after the school.
Goong-dahl along with his ally seeks alternatives to avoid the grand duel.
But adding more wood.
All the plans back fired and cemented his legend thanks.
Meanwhile unknown from out side also trying to hunt him mistakenly believing he is the their arch enemy.
Nevertheless love with Min-ah and became the resurrection dragon of loser student s union in the school.
But  he is survived by only two options before the duel.
Either become a predator or the protector of fellow losers.
What will be his ultimatum.
<EOS>
Ted Healy and his Stooges are entertainers.
But  they are thrown out.
Healy is much more interested than he is in performing.
Unable to keep a job anywhere else  they are reduced.
This   ends up being a disaster.
The restaurant is thrown.
So  yet again  they are thrown.
<EOS>
Kim Possible is a high-school cheerleader and world-famous crimefighter.
Ron Stoppable is her faithful sidekick.
Ron has a pet naked mole rat named Rufus.
The film begins.
The start is ruined.
When Ron finds out he s moving.
Meanwhile  Dr Drakken  Shego  Duff Killigan  and Monkey Fist team up to steal the Time Monkey  a small statuette used to travel.
Kim follows the villains to Australia  but the villains connect the head to the body inside the Time Monkey s temple in Africa.
They steal the body and head.
They escape.
Shortly afterward  Kim is visited  a descendent of Rufus named Rufus.
Who gives Kim a time-travel device and explains that The Supreme One is preparing to take over the world.
Meanwhile  Drakken  Killigan  and Monkey Fist turn themselves and travel back in time to Kim s first day in preschool.
Order to discourage her.
Posing  the villains try to bully the four-year-old Kim  but she defeats them and makes friends with Ron.
The high-school-age Kim arrives to fight Shego.
Who has been observing her accomplices.
The villains turn back and escape forward in time  to a day.
Their preschool plot foiled.
When Kim and Ron are middle-school teenagers.
His security expert accidentally contacts Kim  so   Kim uses her cheerleading gymnastic skills to jump through the laser beams and save the billionaire.
When a billionaire traps himself beams that guard his vault.
A neighbor drives Kim and Ron.
Monkey Fist goes and retrieves a huge rock gorilla   but high-school-age Kim and Ron appear.
Attacks Kim.
High-School Ron destroys the rock gorilla.
Shego   escapes with the Time Monkey into the future.
Police officers arrest Drakken  Killigan  and Monkey Fist.
Rufus 3000 then arrives and reveals.
Shego is the Supreme One  not Drakken stating that he thought it was obvious since Shego is the only one smart enough to actually take over the world.
Kim then activates the time portal and her  Ron  Rufus  and Rufus 3000 go.
Shego has become dictator of the world and made everyone her slaves.
Kim and Ron are captured and sent to be brainwashed.
They are rescued Tim and Jim  along with Rufus 3000 and an army of naked mole rats.
The twins take Kim and Ron.
Whose leader is Wade.
Together  they and all sneak into Shego s castle  to the room.
Where they fight their way.
Where Shego keeps the Time Monkey.
Shego reveals  her reason being.
She separated Kim and Ron.
While together  Kim and Ron actually made a decent team.
They could nt stop her.
They were apart.
Ron throws Drakken across the room.
The twins break out  the pillars.
Hold up the palace ceiling collapse.
The Time Monkey falls and breaks  undoing all the effects of Shego s time travel.
This causes Kim  Ron  and Rufus to float and travel back to the first scene of the film  at the end of their first school day.
When the first time disturbance occurred.
The world has been restored.
When the moment has passed.
The two teens have lost all memory.
That Ron knows he hates meat cakes  which he was forced to eat.
<EOS>
Kazu is a man.
Who indulges with women.
Neither he nor the film s audience is sure.
His fantasies become increasingly violent and even homocidal.
Whether these are really harmless  if perverse  fantasies or if they are really happening.
<EOS>
Blues singer Eleanor Spenser flees Chicago and heads West on a bus.
Soon her picture appears.
The bus makes a stop.
Where Martin Simms  the crooked owner  befriends Eleanor.
Simms   sends the gangster a telegram revealing Eleanor s whereabouts.
Who is hoping to collect a reward.
The bus is held up.
Sheriff Gene Autry arrests all  except Buck and Tom.
Who escape.
Meanwhile Simms sees Eleanor preparing to leave town and is able to convince her to stay.
Gene arrives and recognizes Eleanor from the bus.
She introduces herself.
Sometime later Gene sees Eleanor s picture and goes to the Blue Moon saloon to protect her against Simms.
Gene and Eleanor end up singing a song together.
Gene discovers Buck and Tom at the old corral and hires the OKeefes to perform at the town plaza for Turquoise City s celebration of its new dam.
Scarlotti arrives and threatens Simms  trying to force him to reveal Eleanor s whereabouts.
Deputy Frog is able to warn Eleanor and takes her to the old corral to hide.
Scarlotti follows them.
Gene recruits the OKeefe Brothers.
Who stampede cattle.
Gene arrests Scarlotti  and Eleanor names him.
Gene also arrests Simms.
Gene sings another song  and then kisses Eleanor.
<EOS>
The film takes place  during the Napoleonic Wars.
Captain Lucky Jack Aubrey is ordered to pursue the French privateer Acheron  and Sink  Burn  or take her a Prize.
A crewmember hears.
The film opens.
A bell sound and the ship becomes alert.
He sees cannonfire.
Captain Aubrey looks at the fog.
The ship is ambushed  a ship twice as large as the British warship.
Surprise is heavily damaged.
Its own cannon fire does not penetrate the enemy ship s hull.
Surprise s rudder is shot off.
Her helm is blown away  making the ship unsteerable  adding.
The ship is taking water fast.
Using smaller boats  the crew tow the ship into a fog bank and evade pursuit.
Aubrey learns.
Who saw Acheron being built that it is heavier and faster.
The senior officers consider the ship.
Aubrey notes.
Such a ship could tip the balance in Napoleon s favour if allowed to plunder the British whaling fleet at will.
He orders pursuit  rather than returning to port for repairs.
Acheron again ambushes Surprise.
Aubrey slips away by using a clever decoy buoy and ships lamps.
Acheron will prey on Britain s whaling fleet.
Where Aubrey is sure.
The ship s doctor  Maturin  is interested  Aubrey promises his friend several days  exploration time.
They recover the survivors.
When Surprise reaches the Galapagos.
Realizing  Aubrey hastily pursues the privateer.
The ship is close.
Maturin accuses Aubrey rather than duty  something.
Aubrey flatly denies.
Not. 
Marine officer Captain Howard attempts to shoot an albatross  but accidentally hits Maturin.
The surgeon s mate informs Aubrey.
The bullet and a piece must be removed  but also that the operation should be performed on solid ground.
Aubrey turns around and takes the doctor back to the Galapagos.
Maturin performs surgery.
Giving up the pursuit  Aubrey grants Maturin the chance to explore the island and gather specimens.
They head.
The doctor discovers Acheron on the other side of the island.
Abandoning most  Maturin hastens back to warn Aubrey.
Surprise prepares.
Surprise must get within very close range to deal damage  something.
The officers consider almost impossible.
However  he hopes.
The French would move close to capture the valuable ship rather than destroy it.
The Acheron falls and is disabled.
Aubrey leads boarding parties  engaging in fierce hand-to-hand combat.
The ship is captured.
Looking  Aubrey is directed to the sickbay.
Where a French doctor tells him the captain is dead and offers Aubrey the commander s sword.
Acheron and Surprise are repaired   the captured Acheron is to be taken.
Surprise will remain.
Maturin mentions.
Their doctor had died months ago.
Realizing the French captain deceived him  Aubrey gives the order to beat to quarters and escort Acheron to Valparaiso.
Maturin is again denied the chance to explore the Galapagos.
Aubrey notes.
Since the bird Maturin seeks is flightless  it s not going anywhere.
The two play a selection.
The crew assumes battle stations.
<EOS>
The film opens.
They were summoned to protect his gold.
The Leprechauns returned to their places of origin  all except one and through the ages slowly became corrupted and obsessed with the treasure he still guarded.
Who remained.
Father Jacob is chased through the construction site of the youth center.
He had planned.
Using four-leaf clover laced holy water inflicted during the fight.
Jacob manages to banish the Leprechaun  summoning demonic hands which drag him underground  but soon after drops dead.
One year later  two friends  Emily Woodrow and Lisa Duncan  have their fortune.
It must be denied will come at a great price and summon a terrible evil.
Emily falls and discovers the Leprechaun s gold in an old tunnel.
Having a barbecue Jamie Davis and her ex-boyfriend-turned-drug dealer Rory Jackson.
Where it was hidden.
Evenly splitting up the gold  the quartet use it to fulfill their fantasies  unaware.
They have released the Leprechaun  who begins stalking the group.
Where Emily works the Leprechaun sneaks and  after killing a regular customer.
Who barely escapes and warns Rory and the recently released Jamie.
Who rush to get.
Lisa is attacked by the Leprechaun and manages to fight him off for a short while  but is killed  with her friends finding her body moments later.
When the Leprechaun claws her.
Rory does not and takes off  shortly after realizing  Emily is attacked and chased outside by the Leprechaun  but is saved.
Emily and Jamie want to return the gold.
Rory is gone.
When Rory has a change and comes back for her.
Searching the Leprechaun stops by his house and kills Rory s profligate girlfriend Chanel by tearing out her upper jaw  reclaiming the gold and harassed by Officers Thompson and Whitaker.
She used to make a tooth while Rory and Emily are stopped.
Emily and Rory escape and regroup  only to be confronted by a machine gun wielding group of Rory s drug-dealing rivals  led by Watson and Cedric.
The Leprechaun appears and kills the two officers.
Planning are all disposed of by the Leprechaun.
Emily  Rory and Jamie drive off and go looking for help from Esmeralda.
Advised to use four-leaf clovers by Esmeralda  Rory laces the hollow-point bullets of his gun with clovers.
Jamie finds.
Rory shoots him several times.
When the Leprechaun arrives.
He can finish the Leprechaun off.
Rory and Emily are given the chance to run.
When the Leprechaun is distracted.
Esmeralda dies.
Followed  Rory tries fighting the Leprechaun and is knocked out.
Before the Leprechaun can kill him  Emily taunts him and lures him into the ruins of the youth center.
Where she tosses his gold before knocking the Leprechaun in with it.
Believing  Emily returns to renew his attack on them.
The Leprechaun is dead.
Knocking Emily and leaving her barely holding on  the Leprechaun taunts her  but is shot several times in the middle of his speech by Rory.
Who had fixed his gun.
Shooting the Leprechaun repeatedly  Rory runs out  but distracts him long enough for Emily to hit the Leprechaun with the chest of coins  sending him plummeting off the rooftop and into the wet cement below.
Where the Leprechaun sinks and becomes trapped.
The movie then cuts back.
The Leprechaun digs himself out  leaving a cliffhanger ending.
<EOS>
Massachusetts  local eye doctor and Christmas expert Steve Finch wants his kids to have a great Christmas  packed with his tried and true traditions  such as using an advent calendar  taking Christmas card pictures in matching sweaters  and getting a large tree.
He hears noises.
He looks out his window and sees a moving truck.
He and his wife Kelly immediately know.
The new neighbors are moving in.
He is startled to see someone on his doorstep  stealing it.
When he goes to get his paper.
Causes him to spill coffee.
The stranger is his new neighbor Buddy Hall  a car salesman.
He and Kelly also meet Buddy s wife Tia.
Later that day  Kelly  her daughter Madison and son Carter go.
Where they meet Tia and Buddy s teenage twin daughters  Ashley and Emily.
Carter gets turned on.
The twins dressed  and hearing Tia claim that is more clothes than they ve worn in a long time  makes him even more so.
Other immediately become friends.
Do Ashley  Emily  and Madison.
That night  the Hall twins discover.
A website called MyEarth  which shows satellite images.
Their house is not visible  so Buddy decides to make it so using Christmas lights.
He becomes known around the town.
Steve is not happy.
He is considered the Christmas guy and is chairman.
Buddy also purchases a large sleigh  and finds horses to pull it.
Interrupted  the Finches come to see the sleigh  and are invited to take their Christmas pictures in it.
Steve declines.
Carter enters it anyway.
Steve hears.
What are modeling the reindeer are actually wild horses which he went  Steve frightens the horses  who run away with him in the sleigh  pulling him around town  finally landing on thin ice and plunging into a frozen river.
He wakes up to find himself zipped.
Who is also naked.
Buddy explains.
He is giving him body heat to keep him from dying.
He then starts screaming.
He is recovered and back and home  and sees.
There was a poor picture taken ruining their traditional picture  which he s was nt.
He protests.
The next thing that same night  Steve has invited a group to sing a Christmas carol on his front step.
Who are eventually distracted.
Buddy says that he is going to keep adding more and more lights and synchronizations onto his house  which would attract more and more people  besides keeping him more up at night.
Attempting to back out.
Is blocked.
A slum who happens to be drunk try to direct him out  causing him to lose both of his front doors.
He drives off anyway.
It starts to snow  not being much more help to his unfortunate situation.
After hearing Steve s inefficiently clarified complaints  Sheriff Dave argues.
He ca nt arrest a man  but that due to how much he knows that Steve has on his hands  he would agree to have Steve file a complaint  as much as he claims that the light deal bothers him.
However  the reason  is due.
Steve fails to fully clarify the situation  and to have the complaint fulfilled.
What appears to be that Sheriff Dave is wearing women s underwear.
First   he observes.
Steve is trying to complain clearly what he is dealing.
What looks.
What he sees.
What he sees is not what he thinks  where it is a shoulder brace that his wife sewed for him from dislocating it.
They both end up laughing over.
What Steve thought.
It turns out.
The sheriff did make a false statement where Steve was right that what he saw was a bra  when he sees the proof that Sheriff Dave is also wearing a thong that goes up high.
Steve immediately forfeits.
Leaves. 
The next night  Steve has had enough.
Who catches him and agrees to help him  finally fills their fuse box with snow.
His plan is foiled  due.
What that Steve blew out his power.
Making it look.
Though like that they are extremely generous gifts that he wants to give them to make up that he has put them through.
First  he saws and places it in the Finch s living room  along with giving Steve a mug of coffee and his newspaper and a note  falsely apologizing to him and hoping.
He places.
His gifts make up.
He has caused Steve.
The last big gift Buddy tricks Steve was by forging his signature to buy a massive shiny light blue SUV with a red ribbon tied on the top of it.
He figures.
When Steve later observes that the town s Christmas tree is gone  and is reported about the scandal that Buddy has pulled on him about the new car.
It was all part.
He goes right to Buddy at his office  making a stink about his scandals pulled against him  and wanting to put up a fight over that and the whole lights deal.
Buddy is willing.
But  it turns into being   then Buddy removes the lights.
Buddy and Steve make a bet.
Steve beats Buddy.
Then Steve buys the car.
Buddy beats Steve.
They race  Buddy wins.
Steve yells in front of the whole audience about.
That he still appears to be a nobody  is still not visible from Space.
Deep that Buddy has become  over how many lights he has purchased for his house.
Was a vase.
The discovery causes Tia to get completely upset to him.
He is cutting down branches.
It later causes her to take their girls and leave.
He is.
They go.
In frustration over  Steve feeling very desperate buys a large amount of fireworks including a large illegal military grade firework from a gangster and tries to blow it up.
Far Buddy has gone.
He explains.
The intent is to get revenge on his neighbor  Buddy for his grievances by trying to set them all off at the roof of the Halls  house  hoping to scare Buddy to death.
Presented by the lights telling him Good Night  Steve.
Steve starts setting off the fireworks.
Then that makes the lights fade away.
How much Buddy must like having the World exploding all.
It ends the next day of the fire department coming out from a broken window.
Sheriff Dave giving him a minor interrogation.
He points out the angel.
Got half burnt.
Looked like it came.
Steve lies saying.
He has no idea where that came.
The sheriff responds to him by telling him  indicating even more.
He is becoming a knot.
He does cross dress.
Kelly decides to take Madison and Carter to the same motel.
Tia and the girls are staying at to salvage the rest.
Steve and Kelly get.
About who most is ravaging Christmas  and what she feels that Christmas is really supposed to be all about.
Meanwhile   Buddy drives home  revealing to Steve.
As they leave.
He was nt even that whole night  even revealing.
The whole scare did turn out to be a complete waste.
Buddy and Steve finally forfeit their rivalry  making peace.
They decide to take them and build a winter wonderland and lure Tia  Kelly  and the kids home.
Buddy tore down all of his lights.
They all sit down.
Buddy causes Tia to forgive him.
He pawned.
Soon  the whole town helps put Buddy s lights on MTV.
They do nt work.
Everyone sings the Christmas carol O Holy Night and uses their cell phones.
This is.
Where everyone makes amends.
Steve agrees to start a new family tradition.
Carter notices.
They finish singing.
One is not plugged in  and that is why the lights do not work.
He plugs it  causing them to shine brightly through the night.
SuChin Pak   gets confirmation.
Who is doing the MTV report.
The house is indeed visible.
The crowd celebrates.
The movie ends.
<EOS>
The film opens by Jim Douglas and memory clips from the first film.
The narration ends saying  not wanting.
Herbie is now owned.
Furious  Simon sends Herbie.
Meanwhile  Hank Cooper  a mechanic  is told to enter a race and persuaded to acquire Herbie.
The judges are Donny Shotz  a car enthusiast  Alex  an old flame  and Simon.
Alex questions Hank.
When Herbie and Hank have won the race.
He gives her a ride.
Wherein Herbie takes them.
Meanwhile  Simon finds the engineer.
Who created Herbie  Dr Gustav Stumpful  and requests a second such car  an evil  black edition  whom Simon names Horace.
Hank asks Donny Shotz.
Shotz refuses  whereupon Hank blames Herbie and leaves him.
He is cornered in an alley  and destroyed by Horace.
When Herbie searches.
Believing Herbie dead  Hank gives him a funeral  but learns.
Herbie can be revived if repaired.
This being done  Simon proposes a race.
Herbie is cut in two by Horace  but operates both halves simultaneously to win the race.
Horace thereafter attempts again to kill Herbie  but instead destroys himself.
Simon and his assistant Rupert are then arrested.
The film ends.
<EOS>
The film opens  the deceased is Dawn Wiener  the protagonist from Solondz s Welcome to the Dollhouse.
Who went  gained a lot of weight  became pregnant  and committed suicide.
Her brother Mark reads the eulogy.
Dawn s tearful parents sit.
Aviva  Dawn s cousin  desires to have a child.
She has sex and becomes pregnant.
Aviva s parents are horrified and demand she get an abortion.
It is implied.
The abortion is technically successful.
Aviva can no longer have children.
Aviva is unaware of this.
Her parents  already fragile  lead her to believe  afraid to upset Aviva.
All is well when she awakens.
Aviva runs away.
She befriends a trucker and has sex  however  the trucker abandons her at a motel.
She is eventually found.
Cares. 
She tells them her name -- the name.
She picked she was persuaded to abort.
She discovers a dark side  he assassinates abortion providers.
His next target is the doctor.
Who performed Aviva s abortion.
The hitman is the same trucker Aviva previously befriended and had sex.
Whom the foster father uses.
Convinced she is  Aviva flees the Sunshine Family to join him on his assignment.
The murder does not go  the trucker ends up accidentally shooting the doctor s young daughter.
Planned as  to the doctor himself.
When she steps.
The police find Bob and Aviva.
Bob commits suicide.
The film then skips ahead back home with her parents  planning her next birthday party.
She talks to her cousin  Mark.
Who has recently been accused  although he denies having done it.
The film skips ahead.
Who now calls himself Otto.
They have sex again.
Once again  Aviva believes and is happy.
She is pregnant.
<EOS>
The film is centred depicting civilian militiamen.
Who wanted to be celebrated.
The film posits a conspiracy within the musketeer regiment of Frans Banning Cocq and Willem van Ruytenburch  and suggests.
Rembrandt may have immortalized a conspiracy theory using subtle allegory  subverting what was to have been a highly prestigious commission for both painter and subject.
The film also depicts Rembrandt s personal life  and suggests.
He suffered serious consequences as a result of the accusation contained in his most famous painting.
<EOS>
Jim Dodge is a self-proclaimed people person and dreamer.
Who is perceived as lazy  good.
Jim is given the choice by his father  Bud Dodge  to either land a job at the local Target or be put on a bus to St.
Louis.
Jim is hired.
Jim is locked  alone  in the store by his boss.
The good news is.
He encounters Josie McClellan  the stereotypical spoiled rich girl  who is someone he has known all his life.
Josie had spent the past several hours asleep.
Josie and Jim begin to connect  realising.
They are not so different.
Josie convinces Jim to run away.
They begin to form a romantic relationship  and proceed to enjoy the freedom.
However  things become complicated.
When two incompetent crooks  Nestor Pyle and Gil Kinney  break and hold the two hostage.
<EOS>
Artists and Model Abroad tells the story.
Who are saved.
<EOS>
Film buff Brad McBain  a frustrated employee  quits his job and decides to set up and re-open the Picture Palace  a palatial disused cinema in St Kilda  Melbourne  to show classic old films in the old-fashioned style.
He chooses the last picture.
The cinema featured  Samson and His Mighty Challenge.
They discover.
When the print arrives.
It is in unsubtitled Italian.
Brad suspects.
His old boss  Sir Michael Kent  has sabotaged the delivery.
This calls.
McBain  his projectionist Sprocket and his publicist Lisa are forced to improvise.
Kent  also attends the screening  hoping to see it fail.
He storms up.
He realises that the crowd is enjoying the film.
He and McBain fight  McBain breaks the fourth wall several times.
As the film reaches its climax.
That the fight corresponds with the fight on the screen.
Kent is knocked out.
The film is a huge success.
<EOS>
Johnny Lingo is a shrewd Polynesian trader.
It is actually told.
Lingo has come to bargain for a wife.
Mahana  the young woman he desires  is considered to be of little value  sullen  ugly and undesirable.
Women brag to each other  and comment.
The bargaining is about to begin.
How many cows their husbands had given.
Mahana s father will be lucky to see one cow.
The counselor advises Mahana s father to ask.
That finally  Moki will at least get one cow.
The bargaining begins and.
The counselor suggested Moke asked Johnny Lingo three cows.
Islanders laugh derisively  then wait to make his counter-offer  certain.
He will make a devastating bargain.
Lingo  considering  says that three cows are many  But not enough.
The next day  the villagers gather.
Some say.
Lingo reconsidered his deal and would not show up.
But Lingo brings the cows.
He and Mahana then leave the island.
The island storekeeper  Harris  discovers.
When they come back.
Mahana is a beautiful  happy woman.
Even Mahana s father began accusing Johnny Lingo.
Johnny  her proud husband  had proved.
Her true worth had nothing to do  but only what she truly was.
He had made the best bargain -- a few cows for a life with the woman.
He loved.
<EOS>
The Stooges attempt to catch a live fish from a pet store aquarium tank.
A beat cop catches them and gives chase  forcing the boys to pose.
Plumbers ato avoid being incarcerated.
The Stooge manage to destroy the entire plumbing system.
Curly attempts to repair a leak and ends up constructing a maze of pipes.
Traps him.
Larry digs up the front lawn.
Moe and Curly end up connecting a water pipe with another nearby pipe housing electrical wires  leading to water exiting every electrical appliance in the mansion.
The homeowner arrives to see his house and accidentally undoes the Stooges convoluted repair work.
It becomes clear.
The homeowner happens the very judge who found them innocent a few hours earlier.
<EOS>
Junior Healy tells a story.
It switches.
Where he is told that he got an F for not finishing his science project.
He mentions.
It s all about sound waves  and the bell rings  causing a set.
The audience is told.
One told on him.
The principal called his dad  Ben  prompting him to take Junior to get help.
He and Ben meet Sarah  a therapist.
Who tests Junior  and decides that he needs activities to do.
Junior takes this harshly  and does not approve.
He is taken  run by a tyrannical debutante  Lila Duvane  and dislikes it at first  then he meets Tiffany.
Murph - - informs him.
Who had asked him to dance.
Three boys  Duke  flamboyant actor Corky  and bad boy Blade have already taken her.
Junior tries to proclaim his love  but fails miserably.
He is given a teacher  Mr Burtis.
He traps him similar.
He bites an apple  and feels pain.
He and Ben go.
Where it is discovered that he needs braces.
Ben asks his father  Big Ben Healy.
Leads. 
He decides to start with scouting under Scoutmaster Phlim.
Who is Duke s father.
Afterwards he decides to enter hockey.
Blade is.
He gets beaten.
He decides to get even and take part in a Peter Pan play.
Where he is stuck portraying a weed.
Ben meets Sarah.
It is discovered  and subsequently broken up.
She was.
Junior beats everyone of the opposing team players  and strikes Blade with a hockey puck.
He is banned for life.
Then he traps Corky  severely injuring Corky and Lila Duvane.
Junior and Ben are challenged by Duke and Scoutmaster Philm to an obstacle course in.
Consists. 
Junior sabotages every obstacle.
They win.
Duke  Blade and Corky are all seriously injured.
Junior finally tries to spend some time.
However  she winds up being not  his dream girl is really a spoiled brat.
What Junior expected.
Junior pranks her.
It rips off.
She walks forward.
Half-naked  embarrassed  and laughed  Tiffany runs out crying.
Junior meets a nicer girl.
Who is also wearing braces.
Junior depicts everyone in a coloring book  and signs off by saying so long suckers.
<EOS>
The film begins.
Then she goes.
She hits a man unconsciously  the man then is sent to the hospital.
When singing.
Fatso go home.
They eat and drink by the roadside  saying.
It s so good to hit that man.
Then they cross the railway and back home.
The next day  Ding Bo  waiting and doing some bossiness by transporting passengers.
He immediately leaves.
He has no license  when the city officers come.
Other drivers are caught.
Their motorcycles are confiscated.
He finds.
When Ding Bo back home.
His father is tiding his mother s picture.
Ding Bo does nt want his father to touch  so he denies.
This scene we know.
Ding Bo has a bad relationship.
Fatso is rubbed.
When he is walking.
He refuses the mobsters  order to buy some beers.
Nan Feng and Fasto go to the mobsters  place to make revenge.
Nan Feng breaks.
A beer bottle is shocked.
Then Nan Feng kisses a girl.
One young mobster asks Fatso to let Nan Feng go away.
One day  Nan Feng  Ding Bo and Fatso go to find room.
They knock  Chang Yueqin opens the door to let them in.
They make the deal and then cross the railway back home.
Then we see Teacher Chang wearing performance cloth practices Peking Opera.
We know.
She is a Peking opera Teacher.
A cop knocks in to let Teacher Chang to make her son s death certificate.
Teacher Chang is too reluctant.
Then the cop takes the materials away to help Teacher Chang to take the procedure.
Nan Feng is taking a shower  she answers the phone.
When the cell phone rings.
We know.
This phone call is made.
Nan Feng wants.
Her mother and father make a divorce s drinking all the time.
Nan Feng  Ding Bo and Fatso rent a man-cab to take their things.
Nan Feng holds a big bear toy.
When they leave.
They are forced to wake up in the morning by the sound Teacher Chang practicing opera.
Nan Feng misuses the newspaper and eats Teacher Chang s soup by mistake.
Then we see  a crash-damaged car is.
Teacher Chang opens a garage.
Nan Feng  Ding Bo and Fatso attend the remarriage ceremony.
Ding Bo wants to drink together with the bride.
His father refuses that.
Then Ding Bo and his father have a fight.
Nan Feng and her friends leave.
Fatso changes the disk in the DVD player.
Teacher Chang ca nt practice opera.
The boss talks to Nan Feng and wants 20000 RMB as compensation.
The man she hit is.
Nan Feng asks her boss  are you still a friend.
Ding Bo tells Nan Feng  and gives the money to Nan Feng.
He has sold the motorcycle.
They joke to sell blood.
Fresh to earn money.
Back home  Ding Bo finds  so he searches the house but unconsciously find 20000 RMB  then he steals the money and gives it to Nan Feng.
His jeans are destroyed.
Nan Feng back with Ding Bo and Fatso  gives the money to the boss.
They buy some fake bills.
They put them to blind Teacher Chang.
When they back.
Then they down stairs the house  finding.
Teacher Chang is leaving.
They wander.
What s.
They get in and find the destroyed car.
The door unlocked.
The car can still work  so they drive  listening to Xu Wei s song in the car  singing  we want to go outside to look the world s prosperity.
When we are child.
Now we are floating everywhere and have no home.
Nan Feng sees a cliff  so they take a visit.
When they refuel the car.
They find a destroyed Buddha temple.
When they up the cliff.
Teacher Chang is very angry.
When they come back.
Then we see Nan Feng  Ding Bo and Fatso sitting  with confused eyes.
Nan Feng  Ding Bo  Fatso and Teacher Chang are eating the supper.
When someone knocks the door.
They open the door and come.
Teacher Chang is shocked  then Nan Feng and his friends know  so they leave.
When she see the girl.
There s something.
The girl says  I have to come to see him.
Chang says  are you here.
Chang  can you leave me and my son alone.
Says  this is too romantic  my son died because you want romantic.
Chang sitting in the car cries a lot.
Nan Feng and his friends are watching fireworks at the top of a building.
Suicide herself and take her to hospital immediately.
When they home  they find Chang.
Finally  Teacher Chang is rescued.
Nan Feng and her friends again get secretly  they laughing  shouting  and crying on the train.
They are waiting.
They put 2800 RMB.
When they back home.
The repaired car driven stopped in front of them.
When they are eating.
Then they get and stopped at a destroyed building.
We know.
This building was destroyed.
They took.
A picture helped in front of the destroyed Buddha temple.
Nan Feng sees Ding Bo kissing a girl.
Then she goes out.
Ding Bo follows.
Nan Feng does nt want to see him.
Back home  Nan Feng lying cries.
Teacher Chang asks her  Nan Feng says no.
She misses parents.
The next day  Nan Feng back by the train.
Ding Bo receives a short message.
When he is sleeping.
The message is  I ve left and never come back again  sent.
Ding Bo talks to Teacher Chang  says.
He is jealous.
Nan Feng sings  I want to fly in every of your colorful dreams  to tell you  I love you.
Her friends console her  saying nothing is easy.
Who cares.
Nan Feng comes.
Where her father is  she drinks crazily.
Her father wants to stop her.
Nan Feng says  go and drink to kill yourself.
Nan Feng back  they get in the train again and go.
Wherever the train takes them to.
Nan Feng asks Ding Bo.
When Nan Feng and Ding Bo sitting.
Can him be.
Nan Feng says   you still can have the one.
Though you have nothing.
You love.
Back  they find.
Teacher Chang is burning money.
They stop her  telling her some real bills.
They four go to pub  drinking and dancing  Nan Feng lays on the bed with Chang.
When they come back home.
Morning  Ding Bo meets his father  a railway officer.
Ding Bo hates.
His father left away when his mother was ill.
Ding Bo s father says  he was kneeling down  kowtowing  begging to borrow money.
He did nt leave.
Nan Feng  Ding Bo  Fatso and Teacher Chang go.
They make some repairing and painting  and hang a bell.
They talk to each other.
The monk says.
His master s real body is.
Teacher Chang says.
She has done all she has to do.
The next morning Nan Feng and his friends seek Teacher Chang.
They find.
Teacher Chang is.
Nan Feng looks down.
When she raises her head.
Teacher Chang is disappeared.
Finally  they know.
Teacher Chang jumped off the cliff and died.
<EOS>
Woody and Buzz Buzzard seek the attention.
Who wants to sacrifice them.
So the sexy seductress performs an alluring dance to get the two sailors to follow her.
Buzz accidentally winds up in the arms of a female gorilla.
Who thinks he is handsome.
Neither Woody nor Buzz end up.
They do escape with their lives.
<EOS>
Detective Coyle is trying to solve several bizarre murders and is having no luck finding a suspect.
But  things start to fall.
When his girlfriend  Grace  turns and gets kidnapped by Crispian Grimes  a vampire and owner of the nightclub House of Frankestein.
<EOS>
Bergman plays Karin  a displaced Lithuanian.
Who escapes the internment camp.
She soon discovers.
The people traditional and conservative.
They act.
Karin speaks little Italian adding.
Karin becomes increasingly despondent.
Eventually she wants to escape the volcano island.
The film also features documentary-like segments and an actual evacuation of the town after an eruption of the volcano.
Most villagers are played from the island.
Is typical.
<EOS>
Karma  a young Tibetan woman comes to Dharamsala  the exile headquarters of the Dalai Lama in India  in search of her roots.
She is making a documentary film.
Who have escaped.
One is the recently arrived Dhondup.
He reveals.
His dying mother had made him promise to deliver an old charm box.
Their enquiries reveal.
Loga  a former CIA-trained resistance fighter  has been missing and is presumed to be dead.
But is he really dead.
<EOS>
Sylvie Cooper is a teenage girl.
She first meets Ivy  a poor but intelligent and highly trashy girl.
Where Ivy enjoyed.
A young boy runs up and says .
She sees.
Sitting for phoning in a bomb threat to a local TV station.
Ivy walk in and begins to talk.
Later that day   Ivy asks.
When Sylvie s father picks her up.
Sylvie s father  is reluctant  but grudgingly compromises.
Ivy tells Sylvie.
She gets car sick and asks to ride.
Ivy puts her feet and allows her mini-skirt to shrug back onto her hip revealing her legs.
Darrel takes notice.
A few weeks later   they meet again.
Sylvie is no longer grounded.
They walk together  on the way.
Sylvie tells Ivy that Darrel is her adoptive father and that her biological father was black.
She also says.
She once tried to kill herself.
Sylvie invites Ivy.
They walk.
Ivy says.
If she were to kill herself she d like to fall.
Sylvie s sickly mother  Georgie  walks in.
It turns out.
Sylvie was lying.
Georgie does not want Sylvie to be friends initially.
Ivy later wins Georgie over.
Sylvie narrates.
Georgie liked Ivy s energy and that her parents enjoyed Ivy so much that Ivy had practically moved.
Ivy and Sylvie sleep.
Ivy begins to wear the expensive clothes.
When Georgie offers to lend Ivy some.
Sylvie says.
She wants to do something to make her parents cringe.
Ivy convinces her to get a tattoo.
That they can be.
Darrel decides to throw a party.
He enlists Sylvie to help him.
Ivy picks up the phone and tells him.
When Sylvie s boss calls.
Sylvie can work the night.
She straightens her hair and wears one.
That night   she dances in the kitchen and then begins to dance with Darrel.
Georgie walks in upstairs.
Ivy walks in and tells Georgie.
Georgie and Darrel are sitting together.
She is sorry.
She claims.
Darrel came to cry  and that she was only hugging him to make him feel better.
Georgie believes her and accepts a glass from Ivy.
She then falls unconscious.
Ivy had put in the champagne beforehand.
Ivy sits  and begins to massage Darrel with her foot.
He kisses her legs.
Ivy appears to change.
She continues to straighten her hair and wears more and more.
Sylvie becomes increasingly irritated and throws a fit.
When she finds Ivy.
She makes Fred choose.
Ivy cheats and shakes the treats.
She calls Fred.
That day  Sylvie skips school and tries to spend some time alone to sort things out.
Darrel picks Ivy up.
They go out.
Where Ivy gets Darrel drunk while they have sex.
The next morning  Georgie plays a record.
Sylvie made and walks out onto her balcony.
Ivy walks up and begins talking to Georgie.
Then   Ivy pushes Georgie off the balcony and makes.
It look.
A few weeks later  Sylvie washes.
Georgie s old sports car and Ivy walks up.
She suggests.
They take a ride.
Ivy begins to hum the song.
She s driving.
Georgie was playing the morning Ivy pushed her.
Sylvie confronts her.
Ivy crashes the car to avoid answering.
She moves Sylvie.
Sylvie hallucinates.
Her mother is sitting.
This inspires her to get back to save her father from Ivy.
There is a raging storm.
When she gets.
She runs inside to get out  experiencing hallucinations all along the way.
She sees Darrel and Ivy having sex and flees the room.
When she gets inside.
Darrel goes to look and tells Ivy to stay inside.
Ivy goes up and puts in the tape.
Was playing the morning Georgie died.
She puts and walks out onto the balcony.
Sylvie is sitting outside and sees the light and  due to her very serious head injury  believes.
It is her mother.
She goes up.
Sylvie sees her mother turn around.
Sylvie tells Georgie.
She loves her.
Georgie says.
She loves Sylvie too.
They kiss.
Sylvie comes out and sees.
When Ivy begins to use her tongue.
It is really Ivy.
Ivy says.
Her mother wanted to die and lovingly says how they can all be a family now.
Sylvie pushes Ivy.
Which point Ivy says how she can take Sylvie.
Ivy goes off the balcony  but manages to keep.
The chain breaks and Ivy falls  still clutching the necklace.
The film ends.
She still loves and misses ` her.
<EOS>
Set.
Silas Crow is a young man confused  he wants to take an automobile mechanic s course in college  but is uncertain.
Whether he should apply.
His general confusion is most readily evident in his appearance.
He wears an old  ratty black hat resembling a fedora  a strange assortment  as well as a long  black trench coat.
Frank Steelpost is Crow s best friend.
Katie Maracle is his girlfriend.
Events are set.
When a young girl is murdered by Clarence Gaskill  a white man who gets off with a light sentence  prompting the community to demand vengeance.
<EOS>
B.
J.
Hammer is a boxer.
Who rises up the ranks.
However  Hammer does nt realize  He is asked to throw a fight.
The help comes.
Gangsters threaten to harm his girlfriend.
Hammer is forced to figure out a way to save his dignity and the life.
Who has been kidnapped.
<EOS>
Angel Blade takes place.
Where the Earth s surface is no longer habitable due.
Humans live.
The surface below  unknown  is home to a race of mutants.
Suddenly  a castle  ruled  mysteriously appears in the sky over City Number.
The mysterious people of this dark castle track down women and start their devious machinations  but involve raping women.
Are unknown.
Angel Blade  a beautiful woman  appears as a force of justice to protect the women.
<EOS>
Linda Marsh is a housewife  she is living.
Who seems to have a perfect life  along.
One day  she decides to surprise her husband  and finds him kissing with one of the teachers  Ann Marie Scott.
Immediately  her life falls apart.
She lands.
Her husband initially tries to save their marriage.
Linda kicks him out.
They later fight over the raising.
To forget her depression  Linda starts going out.
Which George condemns her.
He blames her.
She continues to blame the adultery that is going wrong in the family.
Mandy refuses to speak.
Drew is especially mad.
He has always felt unwanted.
Willie   misses his father enormously and starts acting out by constantly wearing a bunny suit.
One day  Linda allows Drew to drive her car.
He accidentally causes a minor car accident.
Sometime later  she meets him.
Where her son Drew has an appointment.
Chandler discovers.
He is suffering.
Mark becomes close.
Linda s mother Dixie - - convinces her daughter to start dating him.
Who came to support her daughter.
Meanwhile  George finds out.
His new life is not all that satisfying as expected.
He meets to convince her to try and save their marriage.
Linda almost falls.
He makes a nasty remark.
She makes a scene and tells him.
She ca nt believe that she was ever with him.
Ann Marie  annoyed by George s pessimistic behavior  breaks off their relationship.
George lands.
One day calls Linda and his children announcing his suicide.
Linda and the children rush  and convince him not to shoot himself.
Where he is staying.
<EOS>
Bobby   is a typical eight-year-old boy.
Who lives with his mother  Glenna  and grandfather.
Often receiving punishment  Bobby believes his imagination to be a negative trait.
Bobby is left.
When Bobby s grandfather falls and breaks his arm due.
While his mother accompanies his grandfather.
A vortex in time is created and deposits Captain Jezebel Jack  a self-centered pirate.
Who was forced to walk the plank and sent into the vortex.
Jack awakes.
Where he finds Bobby  who tends after he loses consciousness yet again.
Jack is told by Bobby  and demands they follow the map.
Adapting. 
Bobby explains.
His grandfather explained the story  and that the map is written in some unknown code.
Jack says.
The map is.
The two immediately begin to follow the map  and quickly find the treasure buried.
Another vortex in time is opened.
The rest is deposited.
The crew quickly learn  and open attack on Jack and Bobby.
Who are forced to defend the house and the treasure.
Jack is forced to hand over.
Bobby  who has become close friends with Jack  is captured and held in ransom.
What is believed to be the treasure.
The boy is released.
Jack is forced to stay.
Who are teleported back.
The crew quickly discover.
The treasure they received is a counterfeit  bricks covered.
The crew realize  Jezebel Jack is able to retreat to the murky water.
They ve been tricked.
Where he is once again deposited.
<EOS>
Explosives experts working for the CIA  Captain Ray Quick and Colonel Ned Trent  are on a mission to blow up a car transporting a South American drug dealer.
But  a little girl is inside.
When the dealer s car appears.
Ray insists they abort the mission.
Ned intends to see it through and allows the explosion to happen.
Angered  Ray beats Ned up savagely.
Their partnership ends.
Years later   Ray is now available for hire.
A freelance hit man.
Desperate people contact him.
He only takes the cases.
Interest him.
Ray specializes.
He answers ads placed and speaks to her often to decide.
He should take the job or not.
He becomes intrigued by her story coupled with the fact.
He sees how attractive she is while following her.
She is the only child.
Who were killed.
And pushed by her insistence  Ray is persuaded to do the job for her.
She will infiltrate the gang.
May ingratiates herself.
Though he has agreed.
Ned now works.
They contact the chief to place Ned in their bomb squad.
The hits begin.
May tolerates Tomas and plays along.
She can watch the hits one.
It is revealed.
The second target is killed that May has actually been forced with Ned  whose goal was to coax Ray out of hiding.
Ned lost his job.
The job went wrong.
May is.
When the trap is set.
It appears.
When Tomas is killed.
May was killed as well.
He is left alive.
When Ned goes to pay his respects.
So he can find Ray and bring him before Tomas is buried.
Both Ray and Ned believe  yet Ray still responds.
May is dead.
He finds.
He responds.
Is the one set up.
He taunts Ned.
When Ray realizes it.
Ray finds.
When he goes.
May is alive.
She went to see.
Ray would attend.
They go.
Where they have intense sex.
She reveals.
She wanted to look while he died.
They finish having sex.
May leaves.
Meanwhile  Ned has gone and learns.
The person is not May.
She runs in the hotel lobby and makes an excuse as to.
She did not tell him that she was alive.
A henchman is ordered to take her.
She asks to use the restroom.
Once there  she uses a cell phone to warn Ray.
He rigs the hotel room to explode.
It detonates  breaking the entire room off.
When Ned s henchmen enter the room.
Ray and May are cornered in his own booby-trapped warehouse.
Ned pursues them  but is done.
When he steps.
It appears.
The entire warehouse goes up.
All inside have been killed.
The next day Joe reads.
He then opens.
The mail brought and finds a necklace.
It contains a picture and then explodes.
Her parents  death are dead.
She feels.
Better.
Which she responds.
<EOS>
Balto s son Kodi works.
Kodi loves his job and his new friends Dusty  Kirby and Ralph.
Balto is intrigued.
Has arrived.
He wishes to fly  just.
Kodi and his friends are worried.
When the pilot Duke offers to take the place.
They have a resentment.
Meanwhile  Boris falls.
She asks him to fly.
Boris is afraid.
He waits.
He eventually lies  claiming that he s suffering from numerous injuries that prevent him from flying.
A race is organised.
Kodi wants his father to lead his team.
Balto is not so sure.
He accepts the offer.
Not long afterwards  Duke discovers Balto exploring his plane.
The two become friends.
Duke knows.
The next day  the race is about to begin.
Boris boasts.
He s lied  unaware that she s right behind him.
She becomes very angry and manages to get him stuck.
Is hoisted.
The race begins and back.
The plane easily overtakes the dogs.
But  the plane mysteriously disappears.
The dog team wins the race.
Kodi is confident.
His job is secure.
But Balto still doubts it  much.
Balto suspects.
When the plane still has nt arrived yet.
Something has gone wrong.
He sets out to rescue Duke.
Kodi refuses to help  saying.
Duke is the enemy because he tried to take away Kodi s job.
Jenna is surprised and angry.
Kodi had not gone to help and valued his job.
Kodi realises.
It is his duty to help his father.
Balto meets up with Stella.
Who says that Boris was too.
Stella is angry.
She is also missing Boris and admits.
She was the one who chased him.
Balto locates the site of the crash  but not before encountering two angry moose.
Boris is quickly found.
Stella and the polar bears head.
Balto stays behind.
He finds Duke and tries to haul him back on a sheet of metal.
But  an ice bridge breaks under his feet.
Balto is crossing.
Balto and Duke are about to fall.
Kodi and his friends arrive just.
The dogs help bring.
Duke back is praised as a hero  once again.
Stella eventually forgives Boris.
Duke builds.
A new plane called Balto Flyer which Balto flies in.
<EOS>
The plot and subplots center s leading man  Paul Harris  a divorced high school teacher and basketball coach and his interactions during a killer rat infestation with a health department inspector  a high school cheerleader  Trudy  his students  and his friend  Dr Spencer  a college professor and rat expert.
Giant rats the size living in mountains of grain full of steroids are rendered homeless.
When a health department inspector orders it burned.
The rats migrate occupied by unsupervised high school students.
The rats  first human victim is a toddler left unattended.
The next victim is a senior citizen  walking the snowy streets alone late.
Scatman Crothers   is destined to become the next victim.
Who briefly plays a health department field inspector.
Inspecting the bowels  he encounters a pack of rats.
Scatman commences.
Paul telephones his friend  a professor.
Who is a rat expert  who instantly concludes that the steroid feed had spawned a new breed that had migrated into the sewers in search of food.
The Health Inspector immediately orders the fumigation of the entire city sewer system.
Is immediately and efficiently carried out.
The futility is confirmed.
When the rat expert himself is attacked and killed.
The rats then move on and make their first brazen mass attack on the unsuspecting public.
The rats select the viewers  resulting in numerous deaths and a scene of fleeing film patrons.
Meanwhile  the city s mayor prepares to make an inaugural run.
Paul attempts to stop the festivities.
He is forced to assault a cop and take his revolver.
Paul proceeds down the tunnel and finds a disabled subway train.
Paul meets his girlfriend and his son just as the rats attack.
The three are able to escape down the tunnel and find refuge.
Is the rats nest.
Fortunately  they discover cutting torches and drums.
They are able to burn all the rats.
But   they only realize.
The three survivors reboard the subway train to reach safey.
When the train reaches the station that several have survived  who are on the train itself and eating the remains of the dead subway victims.
The rats attack.
When the train arrives.
All the people ends on this sudden and downbeat note.
<EOS>
A curmudgeon old rooster expels a young  pint-sized rooster --.
Who fancies himself.
The beatnik   sees and is immediately overcome with lust.
The neighboring barnyard is full.
But to gain access  he needs to get past its superintendent  Foghorn Leghorn.
The young rooster disguises himself.
Foghorn takes the bait.
Adopting him  Foghorn immediately shows the beatnik.
To keep Barnyard Dawg  using a rubber band contraption to punch the dog square in the head before tossing him in a garbage can.
The beatnik rooster constantly sneaks away to dance and kiss them.
Foghorn eventually catches on.
His young visitor is attracted.
So does Barnyard Dawg.
Who offers to aid the hip rooster.
The dog sends a toy tank to seek out Foghorn  so he can be trapped.
The hen obsessed rooster agrees.
Foghorn disappears.
Foghorn lands  offers a sheepish grin.
A rope laden spindle revolves  ensnaring Foghorn within an undetermined length of rope.
Its obvious.
Foghorn pops out.
His beak was also tied to prevent clear speech  and to alter said beak  adding to his new henlike appearance.
He is subjected.
Foghorn rides the conveyor belt.
Begins when eyelids are literally glued on.
When a plunger smacks into Foghorn s beak  coating said beak with the lipstick  a blue bonnet with a blonde wig is added  and ends when Foghorn drops headfirst into a blue dress  bounces off a makeshift trampoline  gently floating down to earth as the dress.
The beatnik rooster goes wild and demands an impromptu marriage ceremony.
Barnyard Dawg readily obliges  donning a preachers hat.
Foghorn tries to protest  the beatnik rooster however  is willing to accept her shortcomings.
<EOS>
Teenager Josh Framm s mother  Jackie  has just married her veterinarian boyfriend  Patrick Sullivan.
Josh and his best friend  Tom Stewart  have just made their school s soccer team.
When their coach reveals that their team will become.
Josh meets Emma  an attractive girl  and not only will she be playing.
Who just moved from England.
She also has a golden retriever named Molly.
Molly quickly has puppies.
Next  it is discovered.
Buddy also has the uncanny ability to play soccer.
Buddy has a uniform and is  leading Josh s soccer team to the state championship.
However  trouble occurs.
When Buddy s six newborn puppies are kidnapped.
<EOS>
Two  worlds apart from each other  work for the narcotics department.
Shekhar  goes.
Anand s approach is professional and sophisticated.
Both men cause havoc and mayhem in the world of drug cartels resulting in great loss for super villain Reji Allan and brother Saji.
Amidst the fast paced action love grows deep  a servant girl.
Who takes care.
The relationship is portrayed.
Meanwhile  Anand  a deep rooted family man  is bound to his sister  Keerthi.
The plot twists and turns.
<EOS>
Chitra Narayan  a political journalist  is in love with Kiran Verma  a budding actor.
She intrudes.
Issac  a Delhi-based politician.
Paul B.
Issac commits a murder and gets actor Kiran s face morphed.
Whereby he traps him.
Kiran is jailed.
Chitra gets the video tape.
She smells foul and tries to reveal the truth.
She is followed.
Chitra reaches Banglore.
The goons reach there.
She is saved.
He becomes her savior.
Satish realizes the truth behind the crime and decides to expose Paul B.
Issac.
Meanwhile  Kiran gets killed.
Satish s software company gets huge setbacks   causing huge losses.
Satish openly begins his battle.
<EOS>
Topsy and Bunker  two outcasts living.
Ensconced.
Where the present seemingly is out at large.
Weaving fantasies  they are shocked.
Results. 
Now  try  the exigenices wo nt leave Topsy and Bunker alone.
They might.
A reckoning is coming  but head.
When the whole world is.
Where do you hide.
<EOS>
Prem plays an NSG commando chief Ashoka looking.
The film begins.
Ashoka saves the PM .
The doctor later say - the PM has survived  as he has his heart.
<EOS>
Angel Chavez is a Mexican American.
Who lives.
He has wandered into the beach.
Is. 
There he meets up.
She is suddenly struck down and dies.
Angel is arrested and charged.
The film then cuts.
Where a law professor  David Blake  is told he can no longer teach because he has never been to court to defend a client.
Blake asks  would he be able to teach.
He finds work and gets courtroom experience.
The dean agrees.
Blake goes out to find work.
He goes.
Castle wants to defend Angel Chavez and agrees to hire Blake to handle the case.
Castle then leaves to raise money to defend Chavez with Angel s Mother.
He leaves to help Blake.
They soon fall.
Blake is called to New York to join Barney at a rally and discovers.
Barney is a leader.
He is using David.
David is insulted and betrayed.
He soon returns to see the trial to the end.
<EOS>
John and Alice Clayton  Lord and Lady Greystoke  are passengers.
The sailor Binns saves them.
When the vessel is taken over.
They are marooned.
Their infant son is adopted by Kala  an ape.
Who raises him.
The young Tarzan grows among the apes  becoming their king.
Binns  returning to find the Claytons  discovers the ape man and travels to England to report his survival to his family.
An expedition led is launched to investigate.
Meanwhile  Kala has been killed.
Who is killed by the now-adult Tarzan.
The villagers kidnap Porter s daughter Jane  Tarzan rescues and romances her.
She comes to accept his love.
<EOS>
The film is a semi-autobiographical account of Burroughs  childhood.
His mother  Deidre  perceiving an ill-fated upbringing  places him  Dr Finch  the eccentric patriarch of an oddball family.
Burroughs finds himself in Victorian squalor living an unconventional youth among the doctor s family  and is subject to irregular visits by his increasingly unsound mother.
Burroughs befriends Neil Bookman  Finch s adopted 33-year-old son.
The two enter an erratic sexual relationship.
The story is.
Which the boundary is ignored and finally broken.
<EOS>
A gifted teenage composer  dreams.
Unfortunately  a good band is hard to find.
A strange incident leads him to a group of talented prison inmates.
<EOS>
Two couples are.
When they come.
The four investigate and find themselves.
Whose hobby is hunting both animals and humans.
The group tries to escape only to be thwarted by Dr Balleau and his henchmen.
Balleau s wife and her lover are slain and stuffed.
The men are forced to participate.
The hunt includes Balleau s sailor henchmen and hidden traps  as well as Balleau s deadly skill.
Balleu becomes the last one to be hunted.
When killed.
<EOS>
The film s opening explains.
A web series called Murder  which showed footage of actual deaths and acts of violence  appeared.
Murder was shut down by the authorities and all its content confiscated.
The host  a man simply known  evaded capture and identification.
Now  years later  Balan has reemerged to show off more footage  and offer commentary with death  the effect.
He has collected.
It has  and how accessible new media has made it.
The series is kicked off by Balan stating  I ask you all.
Are you watching.
Death comes.
When you least expect it.
What you are about to observe.
You will ask  could this happen.
Bludgeoning  A drunk Russian man unintentionally beats his teenage son.
The Heist  A restaurant is robbed.
Who shoot a cashier in the back  all of it caught by the security system.
The Cheat   a man reminisces about  and about all the good times.
He met his wife.
They shared  while a monitor shows his wife having sex with someone else.
The man leaves the room.
The monitor shows him barging  hacking the former to death with an axe  and cutting out her heart.
The wife had once said would always belong.
S&G  A parking lot security camera catches two people attacking a couple  beating the man  and abducting the woman.
Broadway Rob  The distorted home movie.
Who forces his latest victims.
One manages to overpower the pedophile  strangling him with his bonds.
Stabbing him over and over again.
Execution  A muffled black and white camcorder video.
Who they taunt before shooting her.
ATM  A man is mugged and killed.
Autopsy  Japanese autopsy footage.
Who was shot.
The coroner eventually grows annoyed  and kicks him out of the room.
Bullied  A trio use a camcorder to record themselves taking a man out to the woods  under the pretense of initiating him into their group.
The three bully and humiliate the man.
One of them accidentally knocks him onto the knife.
Another was holding.
The three panic and bicker  and the camera is dropped.
When a violent fight breaks out over whether they should go.
Homecoming  A building security camera records two figures garroting a man.
Ransom  A severely deteriorated series show three men torturing a woman while making their demands.
Much eventually dies due to the severity of her injuries.
Balan delivers the closing statement  You realize.
It s everywhere.
Death casts a shadow.
The new media shines light.
Are better left.
Goosebumps explode with every clip we watch.
I feel it now more than ever.
Do you feel.
<EOS>
It s been 40 years.
F.
Bloodworth abandoned his loving wife and sons on the road.
Now  forced to reckon with the stale aftermath of his departure.
Bloodworth s only solace is a budding relationship with Fleming  the grandson.
He never knew.
But  will Bloodworth s presence force history to repeat itself.
When Fleming meets Raven  the woman.
<EOS>
The documentary contains mainly black and white explaining the influences of alternative belief systems on the Nazi ideology and Hitler s personal philosophy.
It also documents the history and development.
The young Adolf Hitler was just one of many German-speaking people attracted by a new Germanic mythology.
Combined ancient legends and esoteric cosmologies.
The result was a new ideology.
Saw racial purity to human destiny.
This was a belief-system  with the ancient swastika appropriated for the Nazi cause.
Hitler and the Nazis had evolved an entirely new faith  complete with holy book  venerated relics and a priestly elite in the form of Himmler s SS.
It was a religion  with Hitler himself conceived in Messianic terms.
<EOS>
It is based.
The film revolves.
He discovers.
He is HIV positive.
He is totally devastated.
He runs away from his home and job.
He is robbed.
Wandering through the trains.
Who beat him up and leave him.
Then a doctor takes him.
Siddharth tries to go but is stopped by the doctor.
The doctor conducts another test to find.
Siddharth is   HIV negative.
Siddharth returns discovers.
Another patient  also named Arjun Dutt  is HIV positive while he has always been HIV negative.
Now  he is faced.
<EOS>
A group steal evidence from a police evidence storage unit  killing several officers in the process.
Officer Dennis Meechum is seriously wounded.
He survives and publishes a book titled based on his experience.
Years later  Meechum has been promoted  and is working on his next novel.
He now suffers  and is a widowed father raising his daughter  Holly.
A suspect runs.
Meechum gives chase.
A man named.
Cleve joins the chase.
The suspect hides and attempts to shoot Meechum.
Cleve kills the man  then disappears.
Cleve arranges a meeting  and tries to convince to write a book about his history as a paid assassin for a corporate empire  Kappa International.
Cleve intimidates Kappa s founder  David Madlock  and promises Meechum to show evidence to back up his claims.
They proceed to take trips.
Where Cleve tries to convince Meechum.
It is revealed.
They are.
Cleve was the injured masked gunmen that Meechum had stabbed years earlier.
Madlock   tries to bribe Meechum but fails.
Cleve intervenes.
When an enforcer tries to steal a manuscript and attempt to kill Holly.
Roberta Gillian.
When Cleve attempts to keep Holly safe.
Madlock  however  manages to kidnap Holly.
Meechum decides to have a meeting at the latter s oceanfront estate.
Cleve storms.
Cleve then sacrifices his own life to save Holly.
Meechum arrests Madlock.
It is revealed.
Meechum has published the book titled Retribution  The Fall.
<EOS>
Kevin Barlow will die.
Harry Parlington  director  intends to make sure of it.
However Barlow chooses to go  be it calmly or fighting  Parlington feels confident.
He and his team can deal.
A strange duel ensues.
When Barlow makes an unusual final request.
There can be no winner or loser  only two men faced with doubts and difficult choices to make.
<EOS>
Marianne Danielle  a young French schoolteacher  is abandoned in a village by her coach driver.
Route to take up a position.
She ignores the warnings of the locals and accepts the offer of Baroness Meinster to spend the night at her castle.
She sees and kept confined.
The Baroness s handsome son  whom she is told is insane.
He says.
When she sneaks to meet him.
His mother usurped his rightful lands and pleads to help.
She agrees  and steals the key.
The Baroness is horrified   she obeys him and goes into the next room.
When her son appears.
Later  the servant Greta goes.
She forces Marianne to look.
Marianne flees.
She is found  exhausted.
She does nt remember all  nor is she familiar.
Has happened.
When asked.
He escorts her.
Where she s to be employed.
He finds.
When Van Helsing reaches the village inn.
There is a funeral.
A young girl has been found dead upon her throat.
He contacts Father Stepnik.
Who turns out to have asked the expert to come here.
Father Stepnik has suspicions.
That night  Baron Meinster s first victim rises.
Witnessed. 
The newly vampirized village girl flees.
Greta tries to hold off the two men.
Van Helsing goes and discovers the Baroness  now risen as a vampire herself  as well as the Baron.
The Baron flees  abandoning his mother.
Who   is full of self-loathing and guilt.
The next morning  Van Helsing releases her with a wooden stake.
The Baron  meanwhile  visits Marianne and asks her to marry him.
She accepts  much.
However  Baron Meinster appears and consumes Gina s blood.
Gina is alone.
He finds the school.
When Van Helsing comes.
Van Helsing gives instructions -- to be kept away from the school  place it in a horse stable and with people watching it.
He returns.
Marianne comes to relieve the school master.
It happens.
Initially she is.
But  in a scene derived M.
R.
James  Count Magnus  the locks fall off.
Severien goes to get stronger locks  leaving Marianne alone.
Night falls.
Serverin is killed.
The last lock falls.
The coffin lid is pushed opened and Gina rises  now a vampire and bearing her newly gained fangs.
She talks soothingly.
She slowly approaches her  asking forgiveness  and wanting to kiss her.
She also reveals the whereabouts.
Who is hiding.
Van Helsing discovers the body Severin  and enters the stable  stopping Gina and forcing her to escape.
Helsing takes Marianne back.
Marianne does nt want to believe.
The Baron  and now Gina  are vampires.
Van Helsing confirms.
They are  citing that the Gina she knows is indeed dead and has come back.
Reluctantly  Marianne tells Van Helsing.
What Gina told her.
The vampire hunter goes and is confronted by both of Meinster s Brides as well as Greta.
Who   is nt repelled by the cross.
Greta is killed.
The cross falls below the mill and is now out of Van Helsing s reach as the Baron arrives  brandishing a length of chain.
Follows. 
He realizes.
When Van Helsing wakes.
What has happened.
He heats a metal tool  the wounds immediately disappear.
It is red-hot  then cauterizes his throat wound and pours holy water to purify it.
Gina and the village girl watch.
He does this.
Helsing overcame a vampire bite.
Baron Meinster  meanwhile  goes and forces her to come with him to the old mill.
He intends to bite and turn her.
Helsing warns Marianne to not look.
The Baron forces her to.
Gaze. 
As it seems she ll give.
Van Helsing spots the canteen.
Gina and the village girl see this and hiss.
Helsing reaches the canteen and throws holy water.
Sears him.
Meinster kicks  starting a fire.
Van Helsing takes Marianne up.
The Baron flees outside.
He moves to form the shadow.
The shadows falls.
Who is killed.
Helsing goes to make sure then comforts Marianne.
He s dead.
The mill burns.
Meinster s vampire brides die.
<EOS>
Three unlikely heroines Worthaboutapig  Dwyfuc and Smirgut the Fierce set out to thwart a Roman invasion and save Celtic Britain.
<EOS>
Steph lost her parents while still a baby.
She was raised.
Peaches - UrbanCinephile  the same day and the other pursuing romantic complications.
She receives her dead mother s locked diary.
She starts work  and begins dual journeys  one pushing into the mysterious past.
The diary reveals the colourful and sexy past to her.
Steph learns.
Peaches is a love story.
Deals. 
PEACHES - Film Finance Corporation The director said of the characters  They re all just people.
Sue wanted more bonking in it  so  he adds gamely.
Was never an issue.
There re different journeys  I spent a lot of time making.
A reality.
Men will go with Hugo s journey  I find  younger people go with Emma  but young men do nt go with the film at all  I ve seen it in three countries with many different audiences.
Women will go with Jacqui.
I do find.
There are different journeys.
<EOS>
Morris Bliss  aged 35  wants to travel.
He has no money.
He needs to find a job but has no prospects.
Bliss still shares an apartment.
The premature death is still present and has left him emotionally walled up.
He finds himself.
This is followed up.
<EOS>
Two dance partners become embroiled.
When one is accused of murder.
<EOS>
A young man sees the girl.
He has lost.
Both suitors have to help her catch it.
When her dog gets loose.
The girl s uncle  a balloonist  gives her a pass in his balloon  provided.
Her mother approves.
She then offers to take along the first.
Who is able to get her mother s consent.
The girl s new boyfriend races.
The young man tries to telephone her.
The young man faces crowded phone booths  gossiping operators  a crying baby and other obstacles.
Racing back  the two suitors bump into one another and a pickpocket.
Who has just robbed the girl.
The boy is mistaken and must elude various policemen on his way back to meet the girl.
<EOS>
Henry Petosa and Freddy Ace are identical twins living with no knowledge of each other  separated at birth and given up for adoption.
Henry is a shy garage mechanic.
He lives and loves Beverly Franks  his best friend s sister.
He also.
Freddy is a driver.
He is slick and self-confident  married.
One day  a young woman named Sonya Kirk accidentally comes across a letter indicating and owed a large sum.
Who works.
The twins are actually the offspring.
Sonya decides to play amateur detective and track them down.
It all leads.
<EOS>
The film opens.
Is being cleared.
Arseniev searching.
The film then flashes back.
A topographic expedition troop  led  encounters a nomadic  aboriginal Nanai tribesman named Dersu Uzala.
Who agrees to guide them.
Initially viewed  Dersu earns the respect of the soldiers through his great intelligence  accurate instincts  keen powers of observation  and deep compassion.
He repairs an abandoned hut and leaves provisions.
That a future traveler would survive.
He deduces the identities and situations by analyzing tracks and articles left behind.
Dersu Uzala saves the lives.
First   Dersu shows Arseniev.
When a sudden blizzard overtakes Dersu and the Captain.
To quickly build a straw hut.
The two men avoid freezing and are discovered by the rest of their comrades.
When the blizzard clears.
Dersu and Captain Arseniev again find each other in the wilderness.
Dersu forces Arseniev to swim directs the party to cut a tree.
When Dersu and Arseniev fall while crossing a river in a raft.
The raft is close to shore then.
Can reach him before he drowns.
He leaves the soldiers by the railroad tracks and returns to wilderness  only to encounter Arseniev again  years later  on another surveying expedition.
However  Dersu s eyesight and other senses begin to fade.
Dersu is no longer able.
The Siberian tiger stalking the old man comes very close.
Dersu shoots.
Captain Arseniev decides to take Dersu to the city of Khabarovsk.
Dersu quickly discovers  nor is he allowed to shoot.
He is not permitted to chop wood or to build a hut and fireplace.
The constables often bring Dersu back.
One day he asks to leave the city and return.
Arseniev gives him a new rifle.
Some while later  Arseniev receives a telegram informing him  and is requested to come identify the body.
The body has been found  with no identification on him save Arseniev s calling card.
Arseniev finds.
It is indeed Dersu.
The officer may have killed Dersu to obtain the new rifle.
Who found Dersu speculates that someone.
Arseniev gave him.
<EOS>
The story revolves.
Who wrongly assumes that her love is reciprocated.
She realizes her mistake.
When Charly leaves to learn music and returns the girl who sings with him.
Uma then decides to be independent.
But very soon Charly too starts realising Uma s place.
Kunchacko Boban   got a chance to show off his classical dance skills.
Who had been used to do western dance.
His sensitive portrayal.
Who dotes.
Sujitha  the child artiste  gave a very fine performance.
Who was discovered in Varsham Pathinaaru.
This film has some very good music  the son-daughter duo of Salil Chowdury and the choreography by Kala was applauded.
<EOS>
Major Bright and Captain Early are intelligence officers.
They are sent home  but fail to notice wanted war criminal Otto Fisch.
Their new batman is actually.
He vanishes.
The two officers are punished.
Uncertain  they decide to utilise the skills and set up a private detective agency  Bright and Early.
What to do.
They learned.
They engage a secretary  Primrose Brown.
She s not very busy.
They have as yet no clients.
Primroses s boyfriend/fiancee invites them.
But is.
What they do nt know.
The cricket ball they buy actually contains a valuable stolen diamond that Fisch has purloined.
It has been hidden by his friend and protector Mr Felix.
Who runs a sporting goods shop.
Fisch and Felix watch and manage to infiltrate the game  stealing the ball.
The match gets.
A free-for-all chase ensues  Bright and Early manage to recover the ball and the diamond.
They now become celebrities and do nt lack.
Fisch is finally seen working.
<EOS>
The Naxalites is the story.
The film won tremendous critical acclaim.
<EOS>
The film opens.
Where scenes are shown.
Nina looks in an ornate mirror.
Triggers a flashback  when she was 19 years old.
Her cousin  Valentina has arranged to work as a chambermaid in a dilapidated hotel.
Nina meets an ailing  eccentric Senora Contessa Sanziani.
Who was once the toast.
The Contessa receives a visit.
Whom she has been estranged.
Old quarrels are revived.
Sanziani leaves the hotel  sadly telling the manager.
He does not wish to be informed if anything should happen.
The Contessa decides to take her under her wing and turn her into a lovely and sophisticated woman.
Nina is troubled.
The Contessa assures her.
Someday important men will be eager to press their lips.
One evening  the Contessa summons Nina and shows her a scarlet sari.
An Indian ambassador had once given her.
She insists.
Nina undress and places the sari.
The Contessa then cuts Nina s long  dark hair and puts makeup and transforms the maid into a beautiful woman.
Nina tells the Contessa.
She wishes she could be just.
The Contessa says.
Is a silly desire.
All set like casinos and Venetian palazzos.
Listening  Nina imagines herself living out the Contessa s existence  triggering a series of fantasy sequences.
Nina explores Rome and begins to sense the wonderful possibilities.
May lay.
That evening   the latter suffers a mental breakdown.
She is performing a task.
The manager  angered by the Contessa s wailing  insists.
She must leave the hotel.
The next morning  Nina seeks help.
Who lives.
She has brought  hoping.
Mario will be able to determine their worth.
Mario tells her.
The certificates are worthless and that he feels no pity.
Nina reacts angrily and leaves his room.
Later on  Nina goes and finds.
Mario was very nearly right.
Most are indeed worthless.
But one   is worth a small fortune   150000 lire.
She uses part.
That same day  Nina goes.
A screen director  Antonio Vicari sees Nina and asks Mario   to introduce him to the young woman.
Who is writing a screenplay.
The introduction is made.
Arrangements are made to have a screen test.
She finds.
She leaves.
The Contessa has abruptly checked out.
The Contessa is no longer thinking clearly  she hurries and is hit by a car.
She is taken  unconscious.
Meanwhile  Nina has difficulties.
Mario gets her to talk.
Her subsequent show impresses Vicari.
Who decides he wants Nina to star.
Nina hurries off the set.
She and Mario locate the hospital.
Where the Contessa is.
Nina is taken.
The old woman has just died.
Deeply saddened  Nina takes the Contessa s ornate mirror and leaves the hospital.
The film jumps forward.
Nina has become a motion picture star.
She arrives.
A girl hurries up and says.
She steps out.
She wants to be just when she grows up.
<EOS>
Linda Randolph looks.
She persists.
Linda is warned that Marado s jungles are entirely too dangerous.
She discovers.
Her husband is now the personal physician.
The prince lusts.
A love triangle ensues.
<EOS>
The Pink Panther goes fishing  and decides to stop first to purchase worms for bait.
One worm  however  is reluctant to join the panther.
The worm later tries to sabotage the panther s fishing trip.
Finally  the panther has to fight an extremely vicious crab.
He has fished up.
<EOS>
Foxy Brown seeks revenge.
When her government-agent boyfriend is shot down.
She links her boyfriend s murderers.
Foxy decides to pose  and helps save a fellow black woman from a life of drugs and sexual exploitation.
This leads Foxy -- often violent and sexual.
Range. 
<EOS>
The film opens  inside the house Benjamin Morgan  a rich dying father talking to his oldest daughter Alex.
He thinks.
His second wife  Elizabeth  is trying to poison him.
Alex believes him.
Benjamin then sends Alex off to pick up her three sisters.
She stops and asks Benjamin s doctor  Ted Lindsay.
Alex is driving down the road.
Where the road is.
He tells her and comments.
They have nt come since their birth mother committed suicide five years ago.
Later that night  Alex returns.
K. 
A. 
Freddie  Joanna and Christine.
They park.
Once  they meet Elizabeth.
Who was a convicted murderess.
Then their father calls them.
Where he informs them that the sisters should kill her before she kills them.
Elizabeth meanwhile  has gone.
She then comes back  and shows them all their rooms  before making dinner.
Joanna wants to leave.
Freddie begins drinking and taking.
Christine goes downstairs to make some coffee  and finds Elizabeth making tea.
Christine then makes Freddie s coffee  noticing Elizabeth s yellow rain slicker  gloves  and boots.
Christine gives Freddie the coffee.
She denies  turing back.
She had brought  talking and how she never should have died.
Elizabeth finishes making dinner and calls to come down.
Joanna begins to barrade Elizabeth  accusing her of murder the whole time.
They can eat.
Elizabeth silences her  and tells her to watch.
Her mouth or something may happen.
Freddie begins to scream upstairs.
The sisters run upstairs  and find Freddie  clutching a glass of vodka  and holding a piece of glass.
Is cutting.
She is drunk  and crying showing them a painted picture  and accusing their father of her suicide  informing them of his many affairs with different women.
Alex then accuses Elizabeth.
They put Freddie.
Later that night  the storm picks up.
Joanna informs Alex.
She is nt going to stay  asking to drive to the railroad station so she can go home.
Alex tries to get her to stay.
She refuses  taking Alex s keys and wishing Christine and Freddie goodbye  telling them to give Benjamin an excuse.
But  she becomes the victim and is stabbed in the back with a pitchfork  falling into the mud.
She goes out to the car.
Elizabeth is making milk and honey for Freddie  to help her sleep   once again denying the drink.
When Christine comes.
Elizabeth then goes to give Freddie the drink.
Alex watches.
Freddie wo nt accept the drink  and keeps drinking  getting  and passing out.
All  the same intruder  grabs her feet and pulls her underwater.
Killed Joanna.
Where she drowns.
The next morning  Christmas Day  Dr Ted Lindsay shows up  informing Christine.
The roads are washed out  and that he will be popping in and out for a couple of days.
Christine then finds Freddie s body and screams  bringing the others.
Where once again Alex accuses Elizabeth drink she brought for Freddie.
Elizabeth informs her.
Freddie denied it  and that she drank it herself  and tells them that Freddie had some pills.
Benjamin calls up to find out.
What happened.
Elizabeth informs him.
Freddie committed suicide or accidentally drowned.
Christine and Alex put Freddie s body  before calling the police.
Christine goes to call the police only to find  and realizes.
The phone is dead.
Joanna has the car.
They re all trapped.
She then decides to go out to a fellow neighbor s house  and informs Alex  telling her not to tell Elizabeth.
She s being followed.
All the while being chased carrying a pitchfork.
She becomes lost and manages to hide  watching the killer leave.
Making a run.
Night has now fallen.
The rain is beginning to slow.
Alex is inside Benjamin s room  spotting Elizabeth walking outside on.
Christine finally makes it.
The car is still.
Trips buried in mud.
Elizabeth then appears  telling her to come  making her scream and run inside the house   and finding Benjamin s dead body in his bed.
Where she locks the door.
Elizabeth then goes  and crawls inside  going up to the house door.
Christine screams to come out and escape with her.
Elizabeth finally opens the door.
Christine climbs  listening.
Elizabeth tells her to come out and leave with her.
She then goes outside to find her.
Christine bursts to get help  running down the road to seek safety.
Running occupied by Alex.
She tries to tell Alex.
Everyone s dead and that Elizabeth is the killer.
Alex then informs her  and was going to frame Elizabeth.
She was actually the killer.
She could nt deal  so she decided to forget it  by getting rid of her father and sisters.
She had to die too.
Christine was the last one left.
She then hits Christine  sending her headfirst down a steep ravine filled with rocks and sticks  looking down and seeing her body crumpled into a heep.
Ted then drives.
Alex quickly tells him.
Elizabeth went insane and killed everyone.
Ted then drives.
Alex drives  bringing the cops back to the house the next morning.
She tells them.
She gets there.
Where the three bodies are  and goes inside  finding out that they found Christine.
She goes  and thinks  then Alex snaps  laughing hysterically  and being dragged away by the cops.
Christine is unconscious  until she opens her eyes.
All the while Christine watches  crying   eventually letting Ted take her to the airport  leaving Elizabeth alone to the Morgan farmhouse.
<EOS>
We pick up the singer s career.
As he has returned after a premature retirement.
But his wife has left him.
The appeal is not.
What it used to be.
This time Jolson trades  women  horses  travel.
His father becomes increasingly concerned.
Jolson comes back to earth - and returns to the stage.
Jolson travels the world.
Again teamed.
There s more than just rushing around.
When he finally collapses.
<EOS>
Jeffrey Evans  an American ambassador is captivated by the charms of glamorous Hungarian Toni Karpathy.
His impulsive daughter Christine falls with the decidedly mature piano virtuoso Jose Iturbi.
<EOS>
The story.
Are being covered.
<EOS>
SS officer Ralf and his wife Elsa move to the countryside with their children -- 12-year-old Gretel and 8-year-old Bruno --  implied to be Auschwitz.
Ralf is promoted.
Bruno is confined.
He disobeys his parents.
Where he befriends Shmuel  a Jewish boy his own age.
They meet everyday.
Bruno starts bringing Shmuel food and playing games through the barbed wire fence.
Shmuel gradually reveals to Bruno the truth.
What is.
He and his family have been imprisoned and forced to wear the striped pyjamas because they are Jews.
Bruno remembers.
What he has been taught but realizes that Shmuel is not evil and continues their friendship.
Bruno and Gretel get a tutor  Herr Liszt.
Who pushes an agenda.
Gretel becomes increasingly fanatical  covering her bedroom wall with Nazi propaganda posters  much to the confusion of Bruno.
She flirts  her father s subordinate.
Her budding sexuality becomes fixated.
Bruno remains skeptical.
All  including the family s servant Pavel  do not resemble Liszt s teachings.
One day  Kurt Kotler and Elsa are standing.
When smoke floats up.
Kurt does not realise  do nt they.
Elsa does nt know  and says They smell even worse when they burn.
Ralf had been sworn and had nt told Elsa.
What was happening.
Later  a blazing row occurs.
It is insinuated.
Elsa revealed who told her.
Ralf interrogates Kotler to the Nazis.
This puts Kotler.
He drags him.
When Pavel accidentally knocks.
The sounds are heard.
The following morning  the family  maid is shown scrubbing bloodstains.
Elsa appears.
Though she has been crying.
Gradually  Ralf is convinced and makes arrangements to leave the area for a safer place with relatives.
The house is no place.
He remains to finish his work.
Shmuel reveals.
The day before Bruno is due to leave.
His father has gone missing.
It is implied.
He was taken.
Seeing an ideal opportunity to redeem himself  Bruno digs a hole beneath the fence  changes into prison clothing  and enters the camp to help Shmuel find his father.
Shmuel has stolen.
Bruno is horrified.
What he sees.
Had shaped his prior impressions.
They are rounded up and marched to the showers  the gas chambers.
Searching. 
Bruno s absence is noticed.
The remains was taking for Shmuel  Ralf and his guards mount a search to find him.
They enter the camp  searching.
The inmates -- including Bruno and Shmuel -- are told to remove their clothes  amid speculation.
It is only.
He looks around and notices.
Bruno changes his clothes.
A man believed to be Pavel also.
The man sees him but then looks away.
They are packed.
Where Bruno and Shmuel take each other s hands.
A soldier pours some Zyklon B pellets.
The prisoners start yelling and banging.
Ralf  still  arrives at an empty dormitory  signalling to him.
A gassing is taking place.
Ralf cries out his son s name.
Elsa and Gretel fall.
The film ends.
<EOS>
Coco is a wealthy Sephardic Jewish businessman and an immigrant.
He decides to throw an enormous bar mitzvah celebration for his son Samuel.
Determined  Coco alienates his entire family.
The celebration will be the most fantastic event.
He plans.
<EOS>
Angie  a young woman frustrated  decides to set up a recruitment agency of her own  running it from her kitchen with her friend and flatmate Rose.
Angie is able to build a successful business  dealing.
Also. 
Who gets.
She also has to keep reassuring Rose - they do not have a licence.
They will become legitimate once the business is.
Angie at least insists.
Meanwhile  Angie becomes romantically involved.
Who is.
She also helps Mahmoud  his wife and two young daughters  much.
Mahmoud has been ordered deported.
He has gone.
Angie becomes increasingly eager to do.
Whatever it takes to build the business.
That is the final straw.
When Angie anonymously informs the government.
She quits.
Disaster strikes.
When one employer refuses to pay twenty the # 40000 they are owed.
They blame her.
Some take drastic action.
They first kidnap her son Jamie  then tie her up.
They take her profits and leave  but not before warning her.
She will never see her son again.
Jamie shows up  unaware.
The policemen he was talking were fake.
Angie abandons her scruples completely  she travels to the Ukraine to knowingly recruit illegal workers  offering to obtain forged papers for them.
<EOS>
Sunny Deol plays Hussain  an honest Muslim truck driver.
Who is forced to take when he is falsely implicated in a crime.
Neetu Singh is a police officer.
Who is investigating the murder.
She falls prey.
Investigating the murder.
Who play mind games.
Is revealed.
What happens next.
The movie has political and social theme.
Tabu s police avatar - Times.
<EOS>
One narrative follows Miss Monde 1984/Miss Canada   her prize is the marriage.
Who wins a contest.
However   she vents her intention to leave to her.
Who   nearly has her killed.
The family bodyguard takes her away  further humiliates her  and finally packs her.
She finds herself.
Where she absently meets and has intercourse.
The sexual act is interrupted.
Who frighten the lovers.
She is adopted into an artist community led by Otto Muehl.
Where she finds affectionate care.
The commune practices.
Some liberating sessions  where a member   goes through a birth experience  cries  urinates and defecates like a baby.
The others are cleaning and pampering him.
Later she is seen acting.
An obscene advertisement  in which she is naked  covered.
The second narrative involves a woman  Anna Planeta piloting a candy-filled boat down a river.
She picks up the hitchhiking sailor Potemkin.
She warns him that if he falls  she will kill him.
He ignores her many suggestions to leave.
Their relationship evolves.
Eventually   she stabs him to death in their nidus of sugar.
She also seduces children.
She is eventually apprehended and arrested.
Who lay down plastic sacks containing the children s bodies  implying they too have been killed by Planeta.
The film ends.
<EOS>
Two campers are nearby.
When a meteor falls.
They are attacked and eaten.
When they go to investigate.
Emerges consisting of multiple heads with hundreds of teeth.
Nearby the crash site is a large house located.
The house is the home.
Their two school-age children  high school-age Pete and his younger brother Charles.
Visiting are Aunt Millie and Uncle Herb.
Sam and Barb rise  they have an unspecified trip planned.
Anybody else is awake.
Barb hopes can be put off.
Sam insists.
He goes downstairs to check the basement.
A flapping basement window suggests.
The creature has taken refuge in the cellar.
Sure enough   he is eaten.
When Sam goes.
Barb suffers the same fate.
When she goes down to see what happened  the creature corners her and viciously bites off her face.
Aunt Millie is awakened.
She attributes it.
Charles is watching.
Charles is obsessed.
He surprises her.
When Aunt Millie returns to call Charles.
When she opens the door.
Pete disapproves  being more interested in schoolwork and science.
Pete fancies himself a scientist.
He sets up a study date.
Aunt Millie has plans to have lunch.
Who is planning an extravagant vegetarian lunch.
Uncle Herb   is interested.
Who is a psychologist.
Pete suggests.
Herb has been asked.
Herb asks Charles.
How real the monsters are  and if he ever thinks he ll see one in real life.
Charles seems to be well grounded  however  understanding.
Monsters are not real.
Uncle Herb falls asleep.
Aunt Millie heads over.
An electrician arrives to investigate a problem.
Charles sees an opportunity to scare somebody.
Slipping  he creeps down into the basement.
Is flooded.
But he discovers something strange  the basement is swarming.
Charles follows them silently.
He finds the electrician s body  with hundreds of the smaller creatures feasting on it.
The creatures are all.
There is a huge one  presumably the original.
Has developed three different heads.
The smaller ones seem to be spawn given off  each with the potential to grow into a full sized threat.
The creatures have no eyes.
Charles discovers.
They are sensitive to sound since they apparently do not have ears either.
The large three-headed creature almost eats him.
When he snaps his fingers.
He is only able to distract it.
Adding  he sees Barb s disembodied head lying on the cement floor  partially consumed by spawn  and realizes.
The creatures have killed his parents.
Charles stands motionless  unable to move in fear of being discovered by the alien creatures.
Meanwhile  Ellen and Frankie arrive  they have discovered one of the creatures dead on the way over to the house.
They ve brought.
What it is.
Frankie hypothesizes.
The creature could be.
Pete is hostile and dismisses it as ignorance.
Ellen reminds Pete  scientists must have some imagination.
To make suppositions.
Millie arrives and helps her set up for her guests  Bunny is unaware.
The spawn have reached the house and are lurking.
One gets into her food processor  tainting the vegetable sauce.
She is making.
They are horrified.
When her guests arrive  all older ladies.
When they taste the sauce.
The arm-sized creatures suddenly come from all angles  biting at fingers and toes  latching onto their legs and arms like small leeches.
The women fight back and smash and kill a number.
Back  Pete  Ellen and Frankie seek out Uncle Herb to get his opinion on the strange creature.
They ve found.
They find Herb s body  with hundreds of spawn eating him from the inside out.
The three-headed adult creature confronts them.
They run upstairs.
Charles   distracts it.
Who understands that the creature will chase because of the noise they are making.
It eats.
The doorbell rings -- Kathy has finally arrived.
The creature can find Charles and kill him.
Pete and the others try to warn her.
She does nt hear them and goes.
The monster nearly grabs her.
She escapes its huge mouth.
Desperate to summon help  the teens devise a plan  they will make a dash.
Where there is a telephone.
They ll call.
But the monster ambushes them.
Pete runs  Frankie and Kathy run upstairs to the attic.
Ellen stays and slams the door.
The creature  attracted  knocks the door down and rushes at her.
The monster bites her head off.
Ellen can escape out the window.
Her headless body falls out.
Pete climbs out and sees Ellen s body on the ground below.
He also notices his parents car   meaning they never left.
Kathy and Frankie see Ellen  too.
Pete eventually climbs in.
He is and is delirious  telling them Ellen s really scared.
Frankie tries to stop him.
When he tries to open the barricaded door.
Pete becomes unhinged  fighting and screaming for Ellen.
Frankie knocks him unconscious.
It s too late  his shouting attracts the creature.
Fortunately  Charles has concocted a plan.
Rushing  he assembles a hollow head full of flash powder  embedding a frayed electrical cord in the explosive material.
Kathy is hysterical and screaming.
Charles rushes up the stairs and tells them to be quiet  then he baits the creature.
It refuses to eat it.
Charles gets the idea to scream.
The monster immediately devours the head.
Using extension cords  Charles lures the creature closer and closer.
He is close enough to plug it in.
However  one lands on his right shoulder from the above rafter and begins biting into him.
Charles is forced to use a screwdriver to stab.
The three-headed mother spawn approaches and inadvertently eats the wounded spawn creature.
Charles manages to get and plugs it into an outlet.
The three-headed spawn creature instantly explodes all over the attic interior.
The threat no longer a secret  a massive hunt has been mobilized at the house and the surrounding areas as dozens of townspeople converge on the area.
Aunt Millie arrives back and cares for the wounded and shaken Pete.
Charles.
She can  while policemen and volunteers scour the surrounding woods and bushes  which they stun with cattle.
The creatures are dumped.
The locals set  and are disposed  including the remains of the three-headed eight-foot mother spawn.
Frankie and Kathy are also shaken but alive  and are taken away.
Several hours later  night falls.
The house  now deserted  seems to have been cleared.
For a posted patrolman.
Is  until the patrolman hears a rumbling.
It seems.
If an earthquake is hitting  until the entire hillside next erupts with the head of a gigantic spawn  even larger than the house itself.
<EOS>
The film focuses.
Bea tells Al.
The film begins.
Anxious she is to get married and have children.
Al  however  resists getting married.
He has substantial savings.
He buys a movie camera.
Order to expand his business.
The camera is damaged accidentally.
Meanwhile  Al is from his elderly mother.
Who he has just committed.
His mother runs away to the cemetery.
Where her husband is buried  as one critic later put it  to see the grave site that awaits her  one stone.
<EOS>
A young shop assistant named.
Clara Manni is selected for his new film  Woman without Destiny.
Producer Ercole sees an opportunity to take advantage and spice the film up a bit  with less attention to detail and more overt displays of passion.
When test screenings reveal that the public is enamoured  but less enthusiastic about the film itself.
Clara becomes compromised.
When she marries Gianni  who becomes jealous  and categorically states that he does nt want her involved with it anymore.
She reluctantly agrees.
They set about on a new version of the daunting trial of Joan of Arc  with Gianni in the director s chair.
The film is panned  Clara is forced to evaluate their marriage and the career.
When premiered in tatters.
She has embarked.
<EOS>
The film begins.
The dying priest explains the story of Kharis to his follower.
The tale closely parallels that.
That Kharis steals the sacred tana leaves.
His penalty is to be buried alive  without a tongue.
The tana leaves are buried.
The leaves are the secret.
The fluid from the brew of three tana leaves is to be administered to the creature to keep him alive.
Should despoilers enter the tomb  a fluid of nine leaves will restore movement to the monster.
Meanwhile  down Steve Banning and his sidekick  Babe Jenson  discover the remnants of a broken vase in a Cairo bazaar.
Banning is convinced.
It is an authentic ancient Egyptian relic.
His interpretation lead him to believe.
It contains clues.
But against the wishes of Andoheb   Banning seeks funds for his expedition.
Who is also employed.
Banning and Jenson meet an American magician  Solvani.
Who agrees to fund their quest.
His daughter Marta is not so easily swayed  thanks.
Who brands the two young archeologists.
The expedition departs  with the Solvani s tagging along.
They stumble upon the tomb of Kharis  finding the mummy along.
The tana leaves  but find nothing to indicate the existence.
Andoheb appears and has the surprised scientist feel the creature s pulse.
The monster quickly dispatches Petrie and escapes with Andoheb  through a secret passageway  to the temple on the other side of the mountain.
The creature continues his periodic marauding  killing a native overseer and eventually attacking Solvani and kidnapping Marta.
Banning and Jenson set out to track Kharis down.
They have discovered.
Andoheb has plans.
Enthralled  he plans to inject himself and his captive with tana fluid  making them both immortal.
Jenson arrives.
Guns down Andoheb outside.
Banning attempts to rescue the girl.
However  Kharis appears.
Banning s bullets have no effect.
Marta overheard.
Adoheb tell the secret and tells Banning and Jenson that Kharis must not be allowed to drink any more of the serum.
Jenson shoots the container.
When the creature raises the tana serum.
Dropping  Kharis attempts to ingest the spilled life-giving liquid.
Banning seizes the opportunity to overturn a brazier  engulfing it in flames.
The ending has the members.
<EOS>
Passion concentrates.
Affect his relationship.
It is set mainly in.
When Grainger s mother Rose was ill.
<EOS>
Madhusudhana Rao aka Chinnababu is a wannabe football player.
Who would like to represent his country.
Chinnababu is also the youngest son.
Chinnababu is.
Chinnababu s love towards football grows.
His coach encourages him to participate.
Priyadarshani supports him.
Chinnababu s younger sister s marriage.
Gets fixed and unable to arrange enough money.
Narasimham asks his sons to contribute.
But  his sons  deny any help.
Who are controlled.
Frustrated Narasimham tries to sell his house.
But  Chinnababu stops him and sends him money  saying.
His elder sister sent it.
His sister s marriage is done uninterrupted.
His elder sister arrives and denys.
She sent any money.
Surprised and shocked chiru s family later learns.
Chinnababu donated one and sent that money.
Narasimham appreciates his son s efforts.
<EOS>
Jeremy  a British book editor  is an aspiring writer seeking a new lease.
He is sent.
Jeremy is totally captivated.
Only later   Jeremy approximates the actual Weldon.
Who becomes his mentor.
They spend a bunch by walking around the country-side while exchanging the life experiences and thoughts.
Together they socialize with a few of them.
One festive night  he shares an intimate moment.
Mutual honesty of both men celebrates the success.
Weldon finds an inspiration and once again is able to write.
Jeremy is going to return back but decides based on his love interest.
<EOS>
Who had contact  as the Cozzo Disi sulfur miners  Ganzirri swordfish fishermens and shepherds who attended in drama Banditi a Orgosolo.
The film includes an interview  conversations with the film directors Luciano Tovoli  Franco Maresco  Gianfranco Pannone  writers Vincenzo Consolo  Goffredo Fofi  Eugenio Turri and the critic Marco Gazzano.
Set  the film was shot in 35mm film and digital  contains stock footage and images taken by De Seta.
<EOS>
Vijay is the grandson.
Anitha is the daughter.
Anitha s family rent one.
Vijay and Anitha pretend to hate each other.
They actually are.
But later Anitha s father came to know the love matter and he requests transfer.
She tells  Anitha s father gets angry and takes the letters and went and tells him to take his useless love letters.
Those are love letters.
Vijay takes it and as he looks he knows that those are nt love letters.
Vijay tries to find her.
One day Vijay goes.
He asked the server.
Where is the washroom.
The server told him  one is here.
There is two washrooms.
The server tells him to not go upstairs.
It s dangerous.
But  Vijay goes upstairs.
Where he finds the Blue Film illegal shooting happening.
They blame Vijay for the death of the restaurant owner.
Vijay just has to escape.
This news reaches Anitha s father.
Who is a police officer.
He tries to capture Vijay.
The hero fights  runs some more and accepts the marriage.
Raghavan finds out the truth.
<EOS>
Three beautiful women search for a pearl necklace the police never found.
The warehouse was sold for back storage fees to three furniture repairmen  Moe  Larry and Shemp.
Where they hid it.
Shemp stumbles and keeps it for himself  despite Larry and Moe dismissing them as a string of beads.
The boys set.
The girls follow the Stooges  and pretend to flirt with them as a distraction  so they can search the shop for the necklace  resulting in the desecration of a chair.
Shemp  convinced  tries to give the necklace.
The pearls are fake.
The molls  gangster ex-boyfriends are hot and track them down to the shop  demanding the necklace.
Slapstick mayhem ensues.
When the Stooges come  resulting in a six-man hand-to-hand brawl that ends in a large box full of stuffing.
Shemp successfully lands blows on the head with an iron to the three gangsters  knocking them out cold.
The girls run and decide there and then to give the pearls back to the rightful owners and disavow their criminal ways.
<EOS>
A large alien spacecraft stops directly above Johannesburg in South Africa.
An investigation team enters the ship  discovering a population.
The aliens  derogatorily referred to  are confined to District 9  a government camp just outside Johannesburg.
Periodic unrest then occurs.
Subsequently the South African government hires Multinational United  a private military company  to relocate the aliens.
Wikus van de Merwe  an Afrikaner bureaucrat  is appointed by Piet Smit  an MNU executive and his father-in-law  to lead the camp relocation by serving the aliens with eviction notices.
Meanwhile  alien Christopher Johnson  his son  and an alien friend search  storing it in a small canister.
Which they distill a mysterious fluid.
Wikus discovers and seizes the canister.
Raiding the shack.
Sprays the fluid.
Christopher s friend is subsequently killed.
The fluid slowly begins mutating Wikus  beginning with his arm.
MNU forces Wikus to test various alien weapons.
Only function when alien DNA is present.
The MNU scientists then decide to vivisect Wikus.
Wikus overpowers his captors and escapes.
Smit orders Venter and his men down Wikus.
A story is released stating that Wikus is infected with an alien STD.
Wikus finds refuge and stumbles into Christopher s shack.
A lost command module is revealed underneath the shack.
Christopher discloses.
The fluid is fuel which would allow him to reactivate the dormant mothership and reverse Wikus  mutation.
The canister is held  so Wikus and Christopher agree on a plan to get it back by first obtaining weapons from superstitious Nigerian arms-dealer Obesandjo and his gang.
Wikus and Christopher attack the MNU offices  retrieve the canister  and flee back to District 9 with MNU forces in pursuit.
Disgusted  Christopher says.
He must use all the fuel to get help.
The trip will take three years.
Wikus becomes enraged and attacks Christopher  then hijacks the command module.
Is almost immediately shot down.
Venter and his men seize Wikus and Christopher.
Obesandjo s gang ambushes the MNU convoy and captures Wikus.
Obesandjo believes that eating Wikus  mutated arm will give him the ability to use alien weaponry.
Obesandjo s base is then surrounded.
Christopher s son activates the mothership and an alien mechanized battle suit.
Saves Wikus.
Wikus takes control  shielding him.
They run.
Wikus aids Christopher s escape.
Christopher promises to return before making his way to the command module.
Wikus kills all the troops.
Who cripples his suit and forces it to eject him.
A group ambush Venter  tearing him to pieces.
Wikus is cornered.
Christopher leaves.
Johannesburg s residents celebrate its departure.
A series are shown  with people theorizing about Wikus  whereabouts and the potential return of the mothership  and.
What it could entail.
MNU s illegal experiments are uncovered and exposed.
District 9 is completely demolished.
Wikus  wife Tania finds a metal flower  giving her hope.
Wikus is still alive.
Crafts a similar flower.
What appears to be a fully transformed Wikus.
<EOS>
Zohan Dvir is a superhuman but kind-hearted Israeli counter-terrorist and the finest and most respected soldier.
However  Zohan has become both disgusted and disenchanted  secretly dreaming of moving to the USA and becoming a hairdresser.
This reaches a breaking point.
When a barbecue he hosts is interrupted on a mission to stop a Palestinian terrorist group being led by his personal arch-enemy  Fatoush the Phantom Hakbarah.
Zohan sees it as his long awaited chance to desert the IDF and move to America.
He fakes his own death and smuggles himself onto a flight to New York City  cutting his own hair and taking the alias Scrappy Coco while claiming.
He is Half Australian  Half Mount Everest.
Meanwhile the Phantom becomes rich and famous and starts his own fast food business  Muchen Tuchen.
Initially unsuccessful  Zohan s military expertise earns him a new friend  Michael.
Who gives him a place to stay.
However  Michael starts to freak out.
When he finds Zohan having sex.
Zohan encounters a fellow Israeli named Oori  he recognizes Zohan but agrees to keep his identity a secret.
Oori takes him.
Who are split.
Zohan attempts to land a job.
She eventually allows him to be a stylist.
He pleases a senior lady.
Zohan s reputation spreads instantly.
Dalia s business booms  upsetting Grant Walbridge  a corporate magnate.
Who has been trying to force out all the local tenants so that he can build a roller coaster mall.
Zohan is identified.
Who bears a grudge for having taken his goat away.
Salim convinces his friends to help him kill Zohan.
He is forced to contact Phantom.
Salim attempts to blackmail Phantom.
He ends up getting the stiff end.
He convinces Phantom to visit New York to find Zohan.
Meanwhile  Zohan realizes.
He has fallen with Dalia  and comes clean to Michael and his mother about his true identity  before meeting Dalia.
Dalia rejects Zohan.
He reveals he was formerly an Israeli counter-terrorist operative.
Zohan decides to leave Dalia and confront Phantom.
Zohan s fight is cut short.
He quickly leaves.
Zohan arrives and calms the Israelis and Palestinians.
Who each blame the other  while making peace with Salim.
Phantom then appears and confronts Zohan.
Zohan refuses to fight.
Dalia appears  revealing.
She is Phantom s sister  and convinces her brother to cooperate against the arsonists  revealed to be white racist rednecks hired by Walbridge to instigate an inter-ethnic riot so he can get his new mall in the aftermath.
The latter admits.
Zohan and Phantom work to save the block.
He always wanted to be a shoe salesman rather than a terrorist.
Walbridge sent  Phantom accidentally destroys all of the shops on the block.
However   the block is transformed into a collectively owned mall called the Peace and Brotherhood Fire Insurance Mall.
Oori re-opens  Salim gets back his goat.
His going store Phantom opens a shoe store in the mall called Fatoush s Kickin  Shoes.
He gives children rides.
Zohan and Dalia open.
A joint beauty parlor called Dalohan  Zohan having married Dalia.
Zohan s parents show up approving his new life.
His father asks that he cut his hair  which he happily does.
<EOS>
The film is divided.
The first two  1987 and 1988  each depict a day  showing their daily activities in detail.
It conveys their discomfort.
Toward the beginning  there is a voice over of the wife reading a letter to the husband s parents informing them of his success at work.
Many are shown in both parts.
The third part  1989  begins.
The husband then narrates a letter  written the next day  informing them he.
His wife have quit their jobs and decided to leave.
It plays.
They are emigrating.
He then says.
It was a very hard decision whether or not to take Eva.
They decided to do.
After she said she was not afraid.
The family then eats a luxurious meal  and goes.
They rip up all and flush it down the toilet.
The only emotion shown is.
When Georg shatters their large fish tank.
His daughter screams and cries hysterically.
Finally  they commit suicide  first Eva  then Anna  and finally Georg.
Georg is shown methodically writing the names  date  and time.
Before he dies.
There is an envelope addressed.
There is text saying.
A police investigation was conducted.
No evidence was found.
<EOS>
Divorcee Katharina Remminger lives alone.
Her husband had long ago left her.
Her only son Hans lives.
Where he studies architecture.
She receives a letter day  informing her.
He is engaged and wants to get married  and that he and his fiance Nicki will be visiting in the upcoming week.
Having never heard or even seen a picture  Katharina assumes.
That it s a female name and becomes elated and that she should one day become a grandmother  and in her excitement tells the whole town of Hans  news.
Soon the town is abuzz.
Katharina is shocked to say the least.
When Hans and Nicki arrive however.
She has never had to deal.
Is nt quite sure.
To. 
She lets them.
Who sees Hans comes.
Nicki is the best man  and that the bride is sick and stayed.
Hans argues.
When the neighbor leaves.
Leads to Katharina kicking them out.
It s Hans  dream to get married however  so with Nicki s support they decide to stay and check in to a hotel.
They can come up.
Hans shows Nicki around town.
Leads. 
Soon news becomes the talk of the town.
The prejudices begins to show.
He informs him.
When Hanz runs.
Which Christian does nt react well.
Christian tells his second wife Vera.
She is shocked and then worried.
Hans is about to open a second car dealership.
She is worried.
His having a gay son will keep customers away.
More obstacles come and go  Katharina s friends avoid her.
She has been kicked.
Christian s friends constantly make gay jokes.
An old friend gets.
When Hans shows Nicki the place he wants to get married.
Leads. 
This drives NIcki to give up and go back.
Things begin to look alright and his relationship with his parents however.
Slowly they are beginning to accept him and his orientation.
However they eventually get.
They said that Hans was being unfair by never telling them about his homosexuality and then just showing up and expecting them to be 100 % ok with everything.
Hans also returns to Berlin.
They believe.
It was.
However it soon comes out.
Christian s second wife Vera  had been spreading a rumor that Hans was not Christian s biological son  and that he only ever said that he was to protect Katharina s honor.
Hans had heard this rumor.
This is.
What had driven him to leave.
It is only sometime afterward.
He hears  and makes an announcement telling everyone that despite what he had heard he is Hans  birth father.
He then goes and apologizes  telling her it was Vera.
Who started the lie.
Vera then begins arguing.
Furious  Kathrina punches Vera.
Katharina and Christian drive together to talk to Christian.
They meet and apologize  and tell the couple.
They have their support and that they would host a wedding.
And they do indeed  getting everyone.
Who previously were to show up and give Hans the wedding he always wanted.
The events also brought Christian and Katharina back together again.
The ending is especially happy.
The movie then ends.
Temporarily kicked off Kathrina  giving a surprise performance You Need Is Love by The Beatles.
<EOS>
The film centers.
Two humanoids arrive  one male.
The robots are landing.
One female.
Both are eventually captured.
Who tries to communicate.
Eventually  the female starts talking and reveals.
She can read his mind along.
Myron is told  the planet will be destroyed.
The entire human race is a threat and unless she is shown the value of humanity by sunset.
Attempts to communicate fires a rifle to get their attention.
The robots fail as they vaporize anyone that tries to attack them or even.
An effort is made to destroy the robots using Sidewinder Missiles  delivered.
The missiles are ineffective.
The attacking planes are destroyed.
The woman   also displays the ability surrounding energy to protect herself.
Who reveals that her name is Skye.
However   the military officer in charge of the mission starts to use a Taser on Skye  forcing Myron to intervene and be thrown off the project.
He goes AWOL.
He is contacted.
He is driving away.
He returns to rescue her.
The effort proves successful and starts a city-wide search.
The male also manages to escape.
The robots begin a systemic attack  first with an EMP.
It s also discovered.
The robots are slowing down the Earth s core and stopping the planet s rotation.
An effort is made to destroy one with a nuclear explosion  sacrificing 9000 inhabitants of a small island.
The machine emerges unharmed.
When the bomb goes off.
Skye feels the pain and almost passes out.
Josh takes the time to comfort Skye.
The military finds them again.
Myron and Skye come and have to put the wife in the back of a.
She is.
The husband delivers the child but is unaware.
He realizes that his wife has stopped breathing.
Myron hands the infant and tells her.
If she wants to know the value  you re staring at it.
Myron and the husband desperately try to revive the wife but are unsuccessful.
Myron realizes.
The wife is dead and stops applying CPR.
Skye.
She would not get involved.
Skye  now convinced  needs to get to the closest robot to return home and end the invasion.
Skye is shot.
They can get.
Both are taken back.
Where Skye is treated.
The commander realizes  finally  and helps Myron move Skye.
Myron was telling the truth.
They are chased.
They leave.
Who is convinced that keeping Skye will prevent the robots.
Myron is shot by the psychologist  the robot  reacting to a perceived threat  vaporizes him.
The robot man arrives  sees both Skye and Myron possibly dead and uses his own powers to revive both.
Skye   hugs Myron before both the unnamed man and Skye are beamed aboard.
The invasion ends.
The robots depart the planet leaving  but the planet intact.
<EOS>
The Deccan Sultans.
Who the splinters now unite with the common purpose to defeat of Krishnadeva Raya and the conquest of the prosperous Vijayanagaram.
They send their stooge Kanakaraj to assassinate Krishnadeva Raya.
Kanakaraj fails and is put to death.
Then they planned courtesan Krishnasini.
Krishnasini enters Vijayanagaram  and  manages to elicit the notice of the King  a great connoisseur of arts and beauty.
She then plays her cards cleverly and besotted  the susceptible King is soon a puppet in her hands.
Orders are given.
Anyone who enters their private chamber would be beheaded.
The King spends for months.
Reports reach the ministers.
The Sultans are planning to take advantage and launch a combined attack on Vijayanagaram.
Worried  Tenali Raman braves the prohibitory order and enters Krishnasini s abode dressed as a woman.
All his appeals seem to fall on deaf ears.
Meanwhile Queen Thirumalamba falls seriously sick.
The King finally comes out.
Tenali Ramakrishna manages to gain entry  this time under the guise of an omniscient saint.
The King is.
Who assures her that he would bring the King back.
He catches her red-handed  and signals to the hidden soldiers to surround her.
Realized  Krishnasini prefers a dignified death.
The game is up.
Shocked to see her stab herself  Timmarusu remonstrates.
She has acted.
The King would have certainly forgiven her.
<EOS>
Khao Chon Kai is a military training camp.
Where Thai boys will face the challenge during their senior year of high school.
A group meet at the camp and begin their training together  encountering many obstacles during the rigorous training regimines.
They discover.
Friendship and true friends are the most precious things they ve found.
<EOS>
Bob Stewart is called in to investigate the murder with a wide variety of suspects waiting for their inheritance.
<EOS>
A university student named.
John Browning goes and becomes involved in a torrid love-affair with a fickle young cabaret singer named Susie LaMotte.
LaMotte toys and does not tell him.
She is already romantically involved.
One evening John Browning discovers.
Susie and Moran are having a relationship when he accidentally walks in.
Outraged  Browning and Moran become embroiled.
Moran pulls.
Susie blames John Browning for Moran s death.
Browning is subsequently tried  convicted and sentenced.
Browning languishes.
A bolt strikes the prison knocking out the power.
As he is strapped to be executed for the murder of Jim Moran.
Meanwhile  Moran s widow implores Susie to tell the authorities the truth surrounding the circumstances.
Susie eventually folds and confesses.
She had lied and that Jim Moran had accidentally shot himself after pulling a gun on John Browning.
John is pardoned and leaves prison a free man.
<EOS>
Three strangers are riding.
When a massive power outage  or blackout occurs.
The power comes back on  which takes several hours.
The situation becomes unbearably uncomfortable.
When they find out one is a deranged killer.
The power comes back.
They will not make it.
It s slowly revealed  another male just experienced a domestic disturbance.
One male is suffering the loss.
The female just left a hospital.
Where her grandmother was badly hurt.
Which she is covered.
The three come.
They figure out a way to get out.
The movie recaps their histories.
Amber Tamblyn plays Claudia.
Who lives.
She appears to be a student.
Early flashbacks do not reveal which subject.
The movie opens.
She enters the elevator.
She noticed was making weird noises.
Aidan Gillen plays Karl.
The movie opens.
His young daughter shows up.
They begin playing Marco Polo.
He drives home to get ready.
Which time he gets stuck.
We see him at a bar taking photos of a woman with long back hair.
Who he later buys a drink and takes.
Armie Hammer plays Tommy.
Who appears tough and rigid.
Tommy freaks out and demands.
When Karl takes his photo claiming to have captured the perfect picture.
He removes it.
We learn.
He is a former drug addict and involved father.
He eventually climbs out the top  this is.
Where all three storyline come together.
Shaft Claudia flashes back earlier that day.
Tommy is climbing up the elevator.
A homeless man asks her.
She and her grandmother are leaving the building.
Her grandma is unaware  it s heard off screen.
She has stopped and keeps walking.
She was hit on her.
Karl begins to speak before with a woman.
He needs to clean up the apartment.
His daughter arrives.
Tommy meanwhile struggles up the shaft but falls hard unto the elevator causing the entire elevator to fall.
Claudia begins to have a slight asthma attack but controls it.
Karl being a doctor tend.
Helps. 
Soon they hear  however  they learn.
Building control is aware.
It s just a recording.
They are still stranded.
Claudia begins to flashback.
It s revealed Claudia s parents dead.
When she was very young.
Bringing her back is the sounds.
They all agree to yell being its closer to morning.
Tommy begins to flashback.
Tommy tells her they need to run away.
They grab any cash.
They can find and agree to leave that night.
His girlfriend comes.
When tommy does nt show.
She pushes the elevator button but nothing happens.
She looks around and decides to use the stairs.
Karl becomes more hostile and begins smoking despite Claudia s pleas not too.
Meanwhile  Tommy s girlfriend bangs.
He does nt answer.
She hears the group fighting but does nt know.
Where it s coming.
The elevator slips more.
Tommy s girlfriend begins calling but does nt hear anything.
The group inside ca nt hear her either.
She leaves.
Claudia dies.
She tells her to bend.
She will break.
She asks.
They can die together.
Claudia rushes off.
That s.
Where we discover she was stuck.
Karl flips out.
When Claudia reveals she had candy.
He steals her inhaler and crushes Tommy s leg more  claiming.
He is now the leader.
He flashes back.
Where he almost straggles his date.
His date awakes.
There is no fate only what you take.
He runs a scapula and cuts her.
Rapes her while covered.
It s revealed by Karl.
He is the killer while Claudia is sleeping.
It becomes clear.
Karl enjoys seeing others.
Karl worries.
His daughter will discover the body and that he is not a good father.
Karl tells Tommy.
He must get out soon.
He is going to slit Tommy s throat and rape Claudia.
Its now revealed to be 223 pm.
And still nobody has discovered the group.
Claudia awakes and demands her inhaler.
Karl throws Claudia s inhaler.
She has to get up there and get it  but also pull the fire alam Karl discovered while they were sleeping.
She climbs up and struggles to reach the alarm.
She finally reaches the alarm but drops Karl s lighter and it breaks.
She grabs her grandma lighter.
She stole earlier and tries again.
She falls.
The elevator slips.
It s now.
She falls back.
It s revealed his wife committed suicide.
Claudia tells him.
They are almost.
Karl says its no use.
He reveals.
He is a killer.
Karl flashes his camera causing the other two.
Then Karl produces a knife and stabs it.
He flashes back with his girlfriend.
Tommy is dying.
Claudia quickly moves away.
Karl than looks and kill her.
She pleads.
Only makes Karl mad.
She tells him to think but this enrages him.
He stabs her arm.
They fight.
This causes the elevator to slip closer.
They continue to struggle.
When Claudia kicks him.
She tries to open the doors and get out.
Karl begins grabbing her and stabbing her legs.
She makes her way.
She kicks him.
He falls back.
The elevator Slips more.
He manage to grab her leg.
She kicks off just has the elevator falls completely  severing Karl s arm.
The elevator s than seen crashing all the way.
Claudia lay bloody.
When the cops arrive.
The cops discover Karl s bloody apartment and reveal.
What they find which she withholds.
Claudia is seen leaving.
Tommy s girlfriend sits.
He gave her to leave town.
Back Claudia s doctor tells her.
Her grandma has died.
She cries.
Was she unable to get her the photo.
She asks him.
Do bad things happen.
He says things happen and leaves her to rest.
Movie fades out.
<EOS>
A naive woman comes to meet her salesman husband.
Whom she only met months before  and discovers that he may be a murderer.
<EOS>
Anne  9 years  is an energetic girl.
But she falls immediately.
When she meets Jorgen  the new boy.
Some grown-ups do not think.
You can fall when you are 9 years old.
Anne know better  You can.
A house none dare to come close.
But  she is willing to go further to win him over.
Is. 
Everything is allowed  is nt it.
When done.
<EOS>
Michael  nicknamed Fresh  is a 12-year old kid running drugs.
Inspired  Fresh devises and executes a brilliant plan to extricate himself and his drug-addicted sister from their hopeless lives.
Berry & Berry  p.
.
<EOS>
Aging Las Vegas chorine Fran Walker drifts.
Waiting  to finalize the divorce he has been promising to get for the past five years.
Lockwood keeps his word and is free to marry his mistress  she finds.
She has fallen with Joe  who has finally accumulated enough money to fulfill his dream of relocating to New York City and beginning a new life there.
Faced in Manhattan or marriage to Fran  Joe opts for the latter after losing a tough poker game.
<EOS>
Michelle Jordan is a young energetic 8-year-old girl.
Whose mother  Cassy Jordan  goes after man  neglecting her child who has never met her father.
Searching  Cassy finds a man named Reggie.
Who seems to be the right man and Cassy s life.
But four short years later   Michelle is raped and sexually abused by Reggie.
Years later  Michelle   is left in her heart and leaves home wanting to get away from all of her past memories.
Who is now all grown up.
Being led astray  Michelle leads a life.
But  everything changes and she leaves realizing.
When Michelle goes.
She has to make a change.
She runs into an old childhood friend named Todd.
Who gives her a ride.
Unfortunately   she runs into some such familiar roadblocks as Reggie  her mother  and Pervis  her ex-pimp and drug supplier.
She begins to spiral backwards again.
This time  though  she is invited like Bishop T.
D.
Jakes  her godmother Twana  her friend Nicole  and Todd try to help her maintain herself.
But can Michelle give in and forgive the man she give out and go back.
Who molested and raped her -- or will.
<EOS>
The setting is the east shore.
Where the Red Army soldier Fyodor Sukhov has been fighting the Civil War.
The movie opens.
Katerina Matveyevna  Sukhov s beloved wife  is standing.
Awakening  Sukhov is walking through the Central Asian desert - a stark contrast to his homeland.
He finds Sayid buried.
Sayid  an austere Central Asian  will come throughout the movie.
Sukhov frees Sayid.
They strike a friendly but reticent relationship.
They are caught up.
Traveling together.
The cavalry unit commander  Rakhimov  convinces Sukhov to help  temporarily.
Leaving a young Red Army soldier  Petrukha  to assist Sukhov  Rakhimov and his cavalry unit set out to pursue fleeing Abdullah.
Sukhov and women return to a nearby shore town.
There  Sukhov charges the village museum s curator  and prepares to continue home.
Sukhov hopes to modernize the wives  and make them part of the revolution.
He urges them to take off their burqa and reject polygamy.
The wives are loath to do this  though.
The wives declare him their new husband.
Sukhov takes.
Sukhov continues to press.
Trying to imagine  back in Russia.
Soon  looking  Abdullah and his gang come to the same town and find Abdullah s wives.
Sukhov is bound to stay.
Hoping to obtain help and weapons to fight Abdullah s gang  Sukhov and Petrukha visit Paul Vereschagin  a former Tsar s customs official.
Who has begun drinking.
Vereschagin lives a lonely life.
His glory days are  the walls are covered with pictures of Vereschagin from the military campaigns.
He fought in and was awarded and wounded.
The Civil War has left him.
He warms.
Who obviously reminds him.
Sukhov and Petrukha solicit his help.
Vereschagin refuses.
Luckily  Sukhov finds a case.
Which some old men have been resting.
Sukhov plants the dynamite.
Meanwhile  Abdullah has confronted his wives  and is preparing to punish them - they did not kill themselves.
When Abdullah left them.
Sukhov takes Abdullah hostage.
Abdullah is.
Though  Abdullah escapes  killing Petrukha and Gyulchatai  the youngest wife.
Sukhov has left.
The museum curator shows Sukhov an underground passage dating back.
Leads. 
Sukhov and the women attempt to escape through the passage.
They are impelled to hide in a large empty oil tank.
Abdullah discovers their hiding place  and plans.
Enraged  Vereschagin decides to help Sukhov and takes Abdullah s ship after locking his wife inside their house.
Sayid also helps Sukhov  and together they fend off Abdullah s gang.
Vereschagin  ignorant.
Not hearing Sukhov s shouted warnings  tragically kills himself.
Sukhov kills Abdullah and his gang  and returns the harem.
He then begins his trek home  having refused a horse.
A horse is merely a nuisance.
Is unclear  the revolution is not  and.
Whether Sukhov will make it home.
An exemplary Red Army soldier may well be needed.
<EOS>
A wedding planner named.
Roxanne tries to foil her mother s plans to get married.
<EOS>
Oswald was milking a goat.
Would then runaway.
The bucket used was kicked off and was all.
Oswald s goat jumps out.
Oswald struggles to remove the pail but was able to get it off.
When he stumbled.
Just then  his faithful St.
Bernard dog came  carrying a message.
The message was a distress note.
Oswald and the dog moved forth and head upland.
Obstacles include large rocks and a canyon.
Of which they got through.
They found the girl cat up a cliff and hanging onto a branch.
To reach her  they stuck a ladder.
Oswald climbs up and collects the feline.
It turns out momentarilly.
The boulder was a wolverine which wakes up and is nt happy to see them.
Frightened  the dog runs off  carrying the ladder with Oswald and the girl cat still on it.
Keeping away  the three friends ran into a cave.
They found themselves above water.
When they reached the opened end.
They then moved further and around the mount to hide themselves.
The wolverine also enters the cave but was unaware.
What lies ahead and therefore picks up speed.
The wolverine overshoots the edge and plunges into the sea.
Oswald and the girl cat ride the dog back.
<EOS>
Escapes a death penalty after killing in a duel Emil Bouvier  the son of a Louisiana judge.
Regret claimed.
He would have only wounded Bouvier if he had nt sidestepped.
He is captured after a tryst with a mysterious lady  Pilar Graile.
Regret manages to escape  but is subsequently recaptured with Cutter in a saloon.
Cutter is forced to join forces with the condemned to fight the Comancheros  a large criminal gang headed by a former Confederate officer.
Smuggles guns and whiskey to make money and keep the frontier in a state of violence.
Cutter stops.
When there is a sudden Comanche atttack.
Regret hops on a horse and flees  but instead of making a clean getaway he soon returns with a unit of Texas Rangers.
The attack is repulsed.
Eventually they infiltrate the self-sufficient Comanchero community in the desert.
Pilar reappears.
Regret and Pilar leave together for Mexico and Jake rides off into the sunset.
<EOS>
An ancient alien life force   awakens with a hunger for humans.
It is up led by a fierce assassin to save mankind from a fate worse than death.
The extraterrestrial waited for human knowledge to evolve enough to unlock the source of its deadly potential.
A horde begins to spawn  each a killing machine.
When a brilliant scientist finally breaks the genetic code.
Deep attempts to exterminate the bloodthirsty beast.
It takes  the creature grows more powerful.
Is it possible.
Mankind s place has finally been challenged.
<EOS>
The Marshalls are a presumably happy family living the American dream.
Rob Marshall   is supported.
Who has just been named one.
Two years later   Maria is shot and killed.
Rob claims.
She was murdered while he was taking care of a flat tire.
However   they find out the Marshalls were not as perfect.
When the police start to investigate.
They seemed.
Rob secretly has an enormous debt and had asked a second mortgage.
He also admits  explaining.
He has had an affair for a year and a half.
He was not anymore.
It is soon revealed and considered divorcing him.
Maria knew.
She decided to work  shortly.
She was killed.
Felice gives the police a statement.
Rob wanted to get rid.
He immediately becomes the prime suspect.
His friends and sons support him.
They notice that he does not seem to be over Maria s death.
Much s anger  he is more interested in building up a future with Felice.
Who was dumped soon after her testimony.
Rob is advised not to contact Felice.
It could influence his image.
This troubles Rob.
Who is deeply with the woman.
Meanwhile  the police have expanded their list to include Andrew Meyers  a Louisiana shop clerk  and Arnie Eggers  a rumored hitman.
Who had contact.
Felice breaks off their relationship.
All evidence seems to point.
Leads him.
Chris for the first time admits.
He suspects that his father might in fact be the killer.
Roby and John are both shocked to hear this  strongly believing.
Rob admits to Sal.
He hired Ferlin LHeureux  a private detective  his wife was killed to find out how he lost all of his money.
Roby has trouble coping.
Which his mother s personal life has been attacked.
Deeply hurt  he hits the road and is almost involved.
Police find an audio tape.
Rob recorded shortly before he supposedly attempted to kill himself.
He speaks about LHereux.
Who claims that Ricky Dunlap was the man hired to murder Maria.
Rob is arrested and put in jail.
Roby visits him and is assured.
He is not guilty.
The trial begins.
LHereux gives a detailed testimony Maria.
Which he claims that Rob hired him.
He thereby could inherit her money and collect her insurance.
LHereux claims.
He found her too beautiful to kill and.
The trial has a big impact.
Roby and John are unable to hide their emotions.
Chris turns.
It becomes clear.
When the moment comes that Rob asks Roby to give a false testimony which would provide him an alibi.
His father is not the person he thought him to be.
Dunlap is found not guilty.
The entire blame goes  disparaged by prosecuting attorney Kelly as a legend in his own mind.
Whom he considers many times worse  even if he was not the one who performed the actual murder.
Rob is sentenced by lethal injection.
A narrator reveals.
He is  waiting for appeal.
It is also revealed.
Roby finished college  Chris became a swimming instructor and that John  who married  never stopped believing in his father s innocence.
<EOS>
The film is set.
The story is about a young doctor  Govardhan.
Who is wrongly accused a train carrying 55 people including British officials  and thus jailed in a cellular jail at Port Blair  Andaman and Nicobar Islands by the British.
The film shows sufferings  including leading participants of the freedom movement.
The extremely inhuman conditions faced is accurately depicted in the film.
Alex Draper plays the sadistic jailor David Berry.
Who is  while John Kolvenbach plays the kind-hearted English doctor  Len Hutton.
Annu Kapoor plays the role.
Who is incarcerated there.
Tabu plays Mohanlal s lover.
Who keeps waiting forever for him to come back.
<EOS>
Between April and July  the massacre of Tutsis and moderate Hutus left one million dead.
Instigated  a dozen African authors met four years after the events as writers in residence at Kigali  to try to break the silence of African intellectuals on this genocide.
On the occasion of the publication of series of works based on this experience  writers and artists from Africa and elsewhere gathered in Rwanda.
Facing up  Samba Felix NDiaye manages to find just the right sense of distance to film the inexpressible while nevertheless communicating a message of hope.
Writers include Boubacar Boris Diop  Veronique Tadjo  Benjamin Sehene  Nocky Djedanoum  Koulsy Lamko and Yves Simon.
Who all participated in residence program organized in Rwanda in May 2000 by the Fest ` Africa literature festival based in Lille  France.
<EOS>
Jim Fletcher  a former inmate  awakes from a coma at a naval hospital  only to be told.
He s been accused.
Fletcher is not quite certain.
He escapes.
<EOS>
Nan Grey   is suspected of murdering her client  Berton Churchill  as Caesar Kluck  a soda magnate.
Loathed  the victims  and suspects  start piling up.
Who met him  or forced to work.
Cobb as Tony Lisotti  trying to protect his daughter  Louise Stanley   from being another notch on Kluck s belt  and  Peter Lind Hayes  as Harry Lake   seemingly at any cost.
Who is desperate to get.
It s up Donald Woods  as Benjamin Franklin Butts  and Steenie s brother  Frank Milan  as Alexander MacCorkle  to try to clear her.
The real murderer gets rid.
It is one of them.
Time is running out.
The novel contains footnotes   as well as further commentary.
Are intended to be both funny and informative.
There is time.
The novel s author Xanthippe  was the pseudonym.
Who wrote and produced extensively.
She is particularly known with the Sherlock Holmes mysteries.
<EOS>
Gigot is a mute Frenchman living.
He ekes out a hand-to-mouth existence.
He is routinely treated by most of his neighbors and often is made the butt of practical jokes.
However  he is a most decent and kindhearted fellow  traits not unnoticed.
He often feeds.
He is accepting  but has one unusual predilection  he is attracted by funeral processions  and finds himself attending.
Whether or not he ever knew the departed.
He marches straight and ca nt help but cry along with all the other mourners.
He is meandering toward home in the rain.
He chances huddled in a doorway trying to stay dry.
Unaware and uncaring as or  he takes them to his dingy basement abode  gives them what food and drink  a bed to sleep in  and shelter from the rain.
What he might have encountered.
Where he dries and warms them.
He has.
Collette is suspicious but so exhausted and ill  she reluctantly.
In-Graciously accepts.
What she senses are likely his innocent tidings.
Nicole  now rested and  begins to warm to him.
Mother convalesces.
Gigot gleefully dotes.
They happen.
Where Gigot is astonished to discover she is ignorant.
Nicole points and asks Gigot.
Who that is.
Gigot rails at this Christ.
Who has seemingly left him so inadequate.
Nicole protests his impulsive fit at the God she has just found through Gigot s hand  and his.
She cries a single tear  then blows a reassuring kiss of love to the Christ upon the Cross.
Gigot entertains the little girl.
He is very protective  once running alongside her on a merry-go-round to make sure and in the process creating a public scene.
She did nt fall off.
It is the same protectiveness.
Leads him to attempt to intervene to protect Collette s honor while she is.
Gigot is trounced for his trouble.
Furious  Collette threatens to bolt with Nicole.
Gigot can make good that he provide her a life with a ` man of means.
She leaves.
He happens.
The baker and his wife have been called away  thus leaving their till unattended.
Gigot   seizes the opportunity and steals their money anyway.
All three go on a shopping spree  buying much-needed new clothes for Collette and Nicole  and for Gigot a straw boater and a shave.
Later  he buys a grand meal and drinks to the amazement of the locals.
But the good times are not -- Collette s ex-boyfriend decides.
He wants her back immediately.
Collette succumbs.
She wants to take Nicole along.
Her pimp persuades her to wait to retrieve her  so they could share a single night together  alone.
The next morning two bumbling bureaucrats previously called  have come to try to remove Gigot to a home for the.
Meanwhile  the baker has discovered the theft.
She finds.
When Collette returns.
Gigot and Nicole are now missing.
Soon Gigot becomes suspect.
He and Nicole are only waxing  listening to his old Victrola.
Gigot dances.
Dancing  Gigot and Nicole are nearly buried in rubble  but are actually only slightly hurt.
The roof timbers fall in.
Nicole is at the moment unconscious.
Frightened and thinking  Gigot rushes the girl.
She is dead.
Where the parish priest calls.
The priest wanting to know  causes Gigot to rush back to retrieve his Victrola to help explain their actions.
What happened.
Gigot runs.
Is looking.
Panicked  Gigot runs right and is washed into the river and overrun by a tug  he fails to resurface.
Thinking him dead   the locals are despondent.
They recognize the truth.
They decide to organise a funeral for Gigot.
All they have is his chapeau to bury.
It is obvious.
What it is they wish to bury.
However  having survived  Gigot is merely hiding.
Unknowingly  he witnesses.
His own funeral procession and as usual is compelled to join it.
He realizes.
When the time comes.
It is he himself for whom they are holding the service.
Gigot is spotted by the crowd.
The screwball chase begins again.
<EOS>
Will Stronghold is beginning his freshman year.
Teaches super powered children.
Will s parents are The Commander and Jetstream  the world s most famous superheroes.
Will s best friend is Layla.
Who has the power to manipulate plant life.
Will is anxious.
Unbeknownst  he has not developed any super powers.
The first day he and the other freshman are harassed.
Who can stretch his body.
Who can create duplicates.
Will is slated to enter a curriculum for Hero Support and become a sidekick.
His classmates include Ethan.
Who can melt.
The class is taught.
The Commander  unaware  shows Will his secret trophy room.
His son has been relegated.
He is particularly proud.
The Pacifier which he took arch-nemesis Royal Pain years ago.
Unknown  Royal Pain   watches the exchange from a hidden camera in one of the other trophies.
Who had been presumed dead.
He comes.
Will settles in and makes friends with the other sidekicks.
Whose supervillain father had been imprisoned.
Will demonstrates super strength  impressing Gwen Grayson  a beautiful and popular technopath.
Who controls machines.
Will begins spending more time  ignoring the sidekicks and Layla.
Who reveals that she has loved Will for a long time.
Gwen tricks Will into throwing a party at his house.
Speed steals the Pacifier.
When she seduces Will.
Will breaks up.
Gwen is cruel.
Though his parents are going as honored guests.
Later  he looks and sees a student.
Who looks just.
Believing he rushes.
The student is Royal Pain and that Gwen is her daughter.
Gwen reveals.
She is.
The Pacifier   had malfunctioned  turning her into a baby instead.
Is meant to turn its target.
She has since waited sixteen years.
She takes over the school and uses the Pacifier to turn the faculty and students into infants.
He apologizes and teams up with Warren and the sidekicks to try and save the day.
When Will arrives.
The sidekicks demonstrate their heroism.
Royal Pain sabotages the school s anti-gravity drive and their powers come.
Will  meanwhile  discovers.
He also has his mother s powers when he is thrown off the edge of the school grounds and must prevent the campus from falling.
Gwen and her henchmen are defeated and arrested.
The faculty and students are returned.
Will and Layla kiss and a voiceover reveals.
They become boyfriend and girlfriend.
<EOS>
The film structure loosely follows that  four movements   two themes  a duet  and a set of variations.
Are announced.
Unemployed aspiring writer Yau Muk-yan moves.
Both will soon fall with their new neighbor Mok.
<EOS>
The sequel picks up three years after the original.
Emery Simms is a rarity -- an innocent man.
His ex-wife is married to his best friend.
They re attempting to make a normal life.
But Simms is killed.
His brother Donovan returns to discover the real reason.
The web may prove just as poisonous to Donovan.
It was.
<EOS>
Moe and the Big Exit tells the story  or Moe for short  a cowboy living a privileged life.
His relatives dig the Grand Canyon.
He ends up accidentally causing the official to fall down the Grand Canyon and drown.
Moe stands up.
Guilty he escapes to the hills fearing for his safety.
He runs from a bear and jumps into a well only to pulled out by a Native American named Sally and her buffalo Zippy.
Moe soon meets Sally s parents and eventually marries her.
Some years later  a burning tumbleweed appears and tells him to return to Dodgeball City and save his people.
Talking  Moe explains.
Imagining them never worked.
The tumbleweed then tells him that someone to speak  so Moe sets off.
Him will be sent.
He finds his brother Aaron.
Going. 
Who works.
Arriving  Moe tells the mayor to let my people go.
However  the mayor rejects his demands and trouble ensues.
Finally the Mayor lets.
Moe s relatives leave.
Having second thoughts  the Mayor chases with his carrot army.
Moe lifts his stick and yells Hi - Ho Sliver Away.
It starts snowing.
The mayor tries running  but the snow melts.
Mayor and his army are left.
Sally and her family run and are reunited again.
<EOS>
The story centers.
Whose desire is to join the Pittsburgh Ballet Theatre.
Fulfilling her dream  she discovers.
She has a rare blood disease.
Sheri rebels  causing her father to seek to keep his daughter close to God  to soften her heart  and to live out her dream before dying  all while he anguishes over losing his daughter so young.
Clear direction  God blesses Sheri.
She is able to bring people.
<EOS>
Basanti is a prostitute working with Ila Arun.
Chandan is a newly recruited postman.
He is moved by Basanti s sufferings.
The third part is Bhuvan Panda  the village priest of the goddess  Kali.
He thinks as a god and bends religion as per his will.
The priest follows some of the aghori rituals and is one of Basanti s regular customers.
Bhuvan Panda has a fetish.
He is shown to enjoy Basanti.
He completes his act.
Meanwhile Chandan befriends Titali and Basanti.
It is here.
Basanti discloses that she wants a better life.
Chandan falls with Basanti and promises to give her and Titali a better life.
The priest does not approve  for obvious reasons.
Bhuvan Panda plans to kill Basanti.
Chandan tries to stop him and is killed.
Basanti awaits her lover.
This is happening.
Basanti leaves.
When he does not arrive.
Basanti returns to her life of prostitution.
She and all the villagers attack the temple.
When the news reaches Basanti.
Bhuvan Panda is killed at the hands of Basanti.
The story ends.
<EOS>
One day Charlie Strap s good friend called Pudding and Kalson.
The Hen is kidnapped.
Charlie Strap   begins the chase.
Who has just been invited to participate in the virgin ride of his new car  constructed by Plat-Niklas and himself mainly out of an old shoe and a well-shaken soda bottle.
But the start is miserable.
The Parrot also ends up being kidnapped.
It turns out  though   they work and just happen to need a hen for a trick.
The kidnappers might not be purely evil.
They are performing.
Charlie Strap and the others continue to chase the kidnappers until the final showndown.
Maybe they can find another trick.
<EOS>
Dale Sweeney  the radio host  only ever drums up listeners  half-zonked small-town denizens.
Who are nutty.
Who want to discuss UFO sightings.
Just prior  with the program in arm s length of cancellation  Sweeney receives a strange phone call from an individual.
Who speaks anxiously.
The next morning  two federal agents turn up  demonstrating heightened interest in one of the latest UFO sightings.
Dale thus concludes.
The caller was an extraterrestrial  lost in his small town.
He decides to report during his broadcasts and then bandies the locals into a collective search for the alien.
<EOS>
Two boys locked.
Who become shipwrecked and find themselves.
<EOS>
Corky Curtiss is a Texas race-car mechanic obsessed.
He is permitted to drive.
Boss Randy Dover replaces him.
Corky needs his job but ca nt control his resentment.
He enters a race and deliberately causes a crash.
Sends replacement driver Steve.
A furious Randy fires Corky.
Corky abandons his wife and heads in his pink Plymouth Barracuda with a friend  Billy.
He enters and wins a small race  but drinks and gambles away the prize money at a roadhouse.
A sympathetic Randy realizes  so he gives her Corky s back wages.
Peggy Jo has been left.
She also finds a second job and takes classes trying to earn a high-school diploma.
Corky reaches Atlanta  he is almost dead.
Broke and is not given a chance to drive.
Selling his tires  Corky picks a fight.
Who sics attack dogs.
He also insults passersby.
Who offer assistance.
Billy objects  then leaves with the strangers.
When Corky punches him.
Back home  Corky realizes.
His wife has begun working and accuses her of having an affair.
He goes and shoots a couple of Randy s mechanics.
Trying to flee  the pink car bursts into flames with Corky inside.
His last thoughts are fantasies.
<EOS>
Zhao Zilong begins his career.
He befriends a fellow soldier Luo Ping ` an.
Who is.
Not long later  Zhao participates.
He follows Zhuge Liang s plan and launches a sneak attack on the enemy camp  achieving his first victory.
Liu Bei is overwhelmed and is forced to retreat to Phoenix Heights but is separated from his family during the chaos.
Luo is ordered to find and bring Liu s family back safely but fails.
Zhang Fei is angered and thrusts his spear.
Zhao blocks the attack and engages Zhang and Guan Yu.
Zhao remains undefeated.
Liu Bei is impressed.
Zhao offers to retrieve Liu s family.
Guan Yu and Zhang Fei cover him.
He breaks to begin the search.
Zhao rescues Liu Bei s infant son and holds off dozens alone despite being surrounded on all sides.
He fights his way out and charges.
Who is observing the battle nearby.
Cao is shocked and loses his sword.
The latter spares his life and leaps to safety.
Cao Cao s granddaughter Cao Ying witnesses the attack.
Zhao later returns Changshan as a hero and falls in love with a girl putting on a shadow puppet show dedicated to him.
Zhao continues to fight many battles and earns himself the title of Invincible General.
He has never lost before.
Zhao is named  along with Guan Yu  Zhang Fei  Ma Chao and Huang Zhong.
When Liu Bei later becomes emperor.
Zhuge Liang persuades the new ruler Liu Shan to launch military campaigns against Wei to restore the Han Dynasty.
Zhao is already 71  and is the sole surviving one of the Five Tiger Generals.
He insists and is joined by Guan Xing and Zhang Bao and Luo Ping ` an.
Zhao s army reaches a fork and splits into two forces heading in different directions  one led by Zhao himself.
Guan and Zhang command the other.
Zhao later encounters the Wei general Han De and slays Han s four sons.
However he is lured and has to retreat to Phoenix Heights.
His forces has sustained heavy casualties  Zhao learns.
His task is actually to distract the Wei army while Guan Xing and Zhang Bao proceed to capture enemy territory.
Zhao engages Cao Ying in a duel and defeats her but lets her go.
Cao Ying s forces later advance allows his subordinates to lead all his men into battle.
The Shu soldiers launch a fierce assault and are nearly all wiped out.
When Han De sacrifices himself to launch a kamikaze-style attack to blow up the enemy.
Zhao and Luo Ping ` an watch the battle and aftermath.
Luo reveals.
Luo helps Zhao remove his armour and tearfully beats the battle drum.
Zhao makes a long charge.
<EOS>
A German SS officer suspects.
An officer may not be the loyal Nazi he claims to be.
He is a British officer.
Whose mission is to assist commandos before.
<EOS>
Dave has had some bad luck recently.
His wife lives  the Auk is not doing good business.
Phonse helps Dave.
Begins to help Dave s business.
Phonse has been working and is concerned.
The Winnebago company is conducting industrial espionage steal his plans.
Phonse also finds ten kilos and tries to get rid of it with the help of Dave.
Dave falls with Alice  Phonse s sister-in-law  a girl from Gull Tickle.
<EOS>
A Jew named.
Dovid Bendel tries to revive his dwindling village.
The squire agrees to provide the land.
Dovid will read his poetry.
A cunning business man is also interested.
He tries to compete using money and threats.
The film is named Simon.
Who is.
The film contains a Passover scene.
<EOS>
Bass  a street performer  plays a routine tune  waiting for a pedestrian to tip him in his rusty iron cup.
Soon  he spots Tippy  a humble peasant girl clutching a big gold coin.
Bass  seizing the opportunity  immediately plays an impromptu piece  capturing the young girl s attention.
A newcomer steps.
When Tippy is about to drop the coin.
Treble  a suave and flamboyant street performer  plays a more attractive song  effectively stealing Tippy s attention  much.
Not to be outdone  Bass ups his ante.
The girl cowers  drops her sole gold coin.
The two rivals unleash their arsenal  trying to vie for the attention of Tippy.
Falls down a drain and gets lost.
Heartbroken  Tippy sheds a single tear  but then angrily demands a replacement coin for the one they made.
Her lose.
Tippy insists she take one in an attempt to get her money back by playing solo.
When the two musicians come up.
She then tunes the violin and begins to play it  prompting a passing pedestrian to drop a large bag of gold coins into her cup.
Elated  Tippy hugs the bag and approaches the fountain.
Not before she pulls two coins out and tempts Treble and Bass.
But  she tosses the coins  out of reach  to their dismay.
They eagerly reach out to grab them.
A post-credits scene shows.
It is now nighttime.
The film ends.
The two start to fall backwards.
The music is Pablo de Sarasate s Zigeunerweisen.
<EOS>
Catherine Macaleese is counting the days.
She meets her father  a distant childhood memory  and starts a new life in England.
Heather Randall is Catherine s cousin and closest friend.
Who puts her marriage plans to travel on the Oriana.
Richard Turner  an aspiring journalist  decides to try his luck  and promises his fiancee  Sandy.
He will return.
Jack Gill  heading along a path  embarks on the journey at the last minute.
Jack disappears with the group s money.
The trio arrive penniless.
The only contact is a friend.
They have.
He shows little surprise and offers them rooms in the Palace.
<EOS>
Brooks Wilson is a busy man  juggling his work to Selma and two young children.
He also has a girlfriend.
Who wants him to commit.
He can not do this.
Brooks is trying very hard to land an elusive account.
This is seeming harder to achieve.
He thought.
One evening they attend a party.
Feeling  Brooks seduces flirty Nelly  wife.
His life is falling apart.
They go outside the main house.
Their indiscretions are caught.
Selma and Will are devastated.
Brooks and Will fall.
The harried Brooks tells Selma.
The commotion dies down.
He finally landed the Lepridon account.
She smacks him.
They stare in silence  seeing their marriage honestly for the first time.
<EOS>
Seventeen years ago  Sam s father hid a mysterious box.
Now Sam has come to claim it.
But the rooms have been renumbered.
Sam s hunt soon leads him.
What is ultimately a sinister tale.
<EOS>
Three couples are followed.
They struggle to have children.
Diana and Andy Douglas are a newlywed.
They are crushed to find out.
They visit the doctor.
She has a 1 to become pregnant.
Diana   considers finding a surrogate mother.
Who always wanted to have a child.
The process proves to be very painful.
Andy always wanted to have a child as well  she thinks she is preventing him and files for divorce.
Eventually  Andy convinces Diana.
Together  they decide to adopt a child.
They find Jane  a student.
Who thinks a baby will destroy her promising future.
Diana is filled with joy to finally become a mother.
Jane  however  changes her mind and claims her baby back.
Meanwhile  Diana turns out to be pregnant.
She ends up with two children  following Jane s decision not to have the child after all.
Another plot involves Charlie Winwood  an orphan.
Who   always wanted to have children.
He is married.
Who is nt too enthusiastic to become a mother.
Charlie makes a visit and finds out he is sterile.
Barbie is.
However  five weeks later  Barbie announces.
She is pregnant  which means she cheated.
Charlie immediately leaves her and later meets Beth  another orphan.
Who is now enjoying her life.
They fall and soon marry.
Not only does Charlie become the father figure.
They also decide to adopt another child.
The plot also centers.
Brad Coleman  an older couple  decide to try and become pregnant as well.
Who  announces she is pregnant.
The age proves to be a great obstacle.
She suffers a miscarriage.
Crushed  she decides not to continue the process.
She becomes pregnant.
She eventually delivers twins.
One dies.
<EOS>
The film talks.
Who live.
Alper is.
He and Ada live different lives  Alper is a free-spirited man.
Who is the owner and the cook whereas Ada is a humble girl in her late twenties who designs child costumes for a living.
Alper follows Ada after the initial meeting.
She acts coldly and insists.
She does nt want a serious relationship and throws coffee.
She later calls him to apologize and Alper asks her out once more.
She is reluctant but agrees to have dinner at his house.
They end up sleeping together.
It s the beginning.
But soon things begin to go wrong.
Alper feels his freedom flying away and the need to utilize prostitutes.
He did before he met Ada.
He ca nt bear the weight.
Whereas Ada is deeply unusual.
Alper breaks up with her just.
When their relationship seemed.
Ada is devastated and slaps him before leaving.
Alper seems happy.
The break-up but then falls and feels remorse.
Four years later  Alper is taking his friend s son and living in London.
Where he meets Ada.
Their conversation is polite.
They act  but we learn.
If they were.
Ada secretly visited Alper s mother and found out more  and that Alper sits every day in front of her shop imagining that she still works there.
They share.
One tearful last hug leaves confused and desolate as they look at each other for the last time.
Ada imagines a happy ending  an ending.
They deserved.
The film mainly emphasises the desolation and seclusion and its consequences on the romantic relationship between Alper and Ada.
<EOS>
This one also stars Lasse aberg as Stig-Helmer and Jon Skolmen as Ole.
<EOS>
Budget cuts force.
Two rival ambulance companies and their misfit medics to go head-to-head to save their patients  their jobs and their beer money  all.
<EOS>
The movie tells the story  the policeman.
Who follow different career paths  Vijay is a smuggler and Ravi.
Who is asked to hunt Vijay down.
Vijay Verma and Ravi Verma are the sons.
Who was defeated and disgraced.
Unable to bear the public disgrace father deserts the family.
The sons are raised.
Who brings them.
Vijay Verma  the elder brother  grows up and is victimized for his father s supposed misdeeds.
Vijay   becomes a smuggler and a leading figure of the underworld.
Who starts out and becomes a dockyard worker in his youth.
<EOS>
The film opens.
Who works hard to enhance the lives.
He lives.
Anand  however  is blackmailed.
Who threatens to kill his family if Anand does not cease his activities.
Forced  Anand is thus attacked by the very same laborers.
Who once supported him.
His family is also persecuted.
Who brand young Vijay s arm Is A Thief.
Anand then runs away forcing his wife and two children.
Not knowing what else to do  Sumitra Devi brings her children and struggles as a day laborer to care for her now homeless boys.
Vijay  the elder brother  grows up and is victimized for his father s supposed misdeeds.
Vijay   becomes a smuggler and a leading figure of the underworld.
Who starts out and becomes a dockyard worker in his youth.
He also sacrifices his own education.
His brother Ravi can study.
Ravi is an excellent student and grows up to become an upright police officer.
He is also dating Veera  the daughter.
Ravi applies for employment with the police  and is sent for training.
Several months later  he is accepted  and has a rank of.
Vijay   becomes involved with Anita  a woman.
Whom he meets.
Vijay decides to abandon his life  marry her  and confess his sins.
When Anita becomes pregnant.
He also hopes to seek forgiveness.
He finds  has accumulated wealth  and a palatial home.
When Ravi returns home.
Vijay has become a businessman overnight.
He decides to move out along.
When Ravi finds out that Vijay has acquired wealth.
One is to be apprehend and arrest some of Bombay s hardcore criminals and smugglers.
Includes his brother  Vijay - much.
Ravi must now decide to proceed on  or quit from the police force.
However   Vijay loses all sense and brutally murders his rivals in revenge for Anita s death  leading him to be branded a criminal forever.
When Anita is brutally murdered.
Their mother   is tormented and rejects him.
Who had sided despite the fact that Vijay was her favorite.
However  it is Vijay and Ravi.
When the two brothers meet.
Who dies.
Who is awarded.
<EOS>
Her Painted Hero is.
Who plans to use her new wealth.
The play being shown is entitled.
What Sherman Said a seeming epic.
<EOS>
The river flows own pace.
Plants  plant flowers and hatching.
Birds fly - I own song.
This lifestyle continued  I hope - despair  love - love  ask - it s easy to get.
The game  but not Resist hartal  are.
However  change is difficult acalayatana societies  women have no right.
Women of the doll.
Nacaya.
Icchete married someone.
I live.
The central bank would have been a mere fairytale story gramake.
I can not say.
When the village was gorapattana.
The flood kasema sikadara thai.
His wife had come.
It is home here.
Living mantu and many more.
I do not know.
Old makabulera astadasi Governance Forum Star Magazines Star makabulera.
He wants to open up .
So choose the sathamadehi mantake.
Manta parents - mother anata hara.
The goods selling a variety.
Forum Star Magazines Star manta and everyone was out fishing.
You can make barsaya Restaurant.
Thus I have two dujanara.
I love nature joyare bhase two.
I would not mind someone s face phumte  people fear disgrace.
But the sight.
Gamo gerame.
The cholera pestilence lagale ujara spring house was a few people.
The doctor does not show the tukataka tabija.
It was.
When I open it when I was late.
Mullah times  abali  rasada  Fakir  and engaged.
Mantara Forum Star Magazines Star have met.
Forum Star Magazines Star lost her life.
I sometimes think tunike mantara.
Thus we have a lot.
I like her manuscript - sona sona sona bandhugane handed me  and some Shan bheluyara universally.
Bheluya beautiful and everyone is sane.
The same history and ahead to the sure one thousand years of darkness.
Thousand-year-old manuscript filled the night.
Abarte tense.
When things go wrong.
Changes.
Asena only change the darkness  the village was kusanskarachanna acalayatana society.
<EOS>
Callimaco is taken.
She is the loyal wife.
Callimaco hires the service.
Lgurio informs Callimaco.
Nicia and Lucrezia are anxious to have a child.
The fixer s help.
Callimaco masquerades.
The best way to conceive a child is by her taking a potion made from the Mandrake Root.
He lies and warns Nicia.
The first man to sleep after she has taken the potion will die within eight days.
Together they devise a plan to kidnap a stranger to sleep and draw out the poison.
Callimaco then disguises himself and arranges to be the one.
Who is kidnapped.
Lucrezia is an honorable woman and does not at first agree to meet.
Nicia gets both Lucrezia s mother  a woman.
Her confessor Brother Timoteo  a priest  to aid in convincing Lucrezia of the necessity of the plan.
Callimaco confesses everything.
Lucrezia gives thought  and decides.
She now wants Callimaco forever.
Callimaco gets.
What he had desired.
Everyone else continues to believe.
Each had outwitted the others.
<EOS>
Logger Jim Hadley and his lumberjack crew are looking to cut.
They locate a prime prospect.
The residents are opposed to the felling of the trees  believing.
Losing them would cause mudslides.
Conflict is inevitable.
<EOS>
The film has been described to portray Samoan culture  showing Samoans surrounded by family and support  in accordance with faaSamoa.
The New Zealand Film Commission describes it.
Samoan Deputy Prime Minister Misa Telefoni has described it.
Brings the finest aspects into the international spotlight.
NZ Film commission is supporting NZ/Samoan film.
The Orator  NZ Film and TV  12 October 2010 The main character  Saili  a simple villager  a taro farmer and a dwarf  must find the strength to defend his land and family  which are threatened.
He ultimately attempts to reclaim his father s chiefly status.
If the current ageing village chief does not believe he has the physique or the oratory skill required.
Samoan Feature Film First  New Zealand Ministry described his film as my image of  and a bit like a tour.
What I see.
You get.
Thrown and you are seeing things  witnessing aspects of Samoan life without explanation - such as evening prayer time  or ritual atonement.
<EOS>
An unmarried couple are forced to adopt a series.
When they stay together with only one spare room.
<EOS>
Chacko Master is a high-school headmaster.
Who is a president s medal winner.
He is a very strict teacher and emphasizes memorization and discipline in school.
He punishes his students ruthlessly and gives no special treatment.
Who is also.
Chacko always assumes  and punishes him.
His son is.
The actual culprit gives himself.
Thomas is nt too good in math.
He is very creative and productive.
His father destroys later.
He impresses his mother and sister by developing an AM radio receiver inside a soap-case at a time.
When phonographs were more prevalent.
He throws it and destroys it  he forces his son to focus on his studies instead of being an inventor.
When his father finds out.
Thomas works hard.
He does well  but his dad asks his language teacher to grade his paper with no leniency.
That he gets a low grade.
He becomes outraged.
When he finds out that even his most beloved language teacher was biased.
He runs away.
Fourteen years later  he returns.
Thomas   had changed into a totally different person.
He was no longer interested  he owned a stone quarry and had become.
A well known rowdy wanted as a prime suspect in many unsolved crimes.
His father still hated him and never accepted him.
But  both father and son regret.
The film progresses.
What they had done.
The father and the son reunite in a very emotional way.
Only to find the evil forces chasing Thoma.
The movie ends taking his last breath lying in Thoma s lap and police taking Thoma into custody.
<EOS>
Dr Phibes awakens after the events of the previous movie.
His primary goal is the awakening.
He finds.
His house has been demolished  and that the papyrus scrolls he needs to find the Pharaoh s tomb  where the River flows  have been stolen.
He and his assistant  Vulnavia  leave for Egypt.
Vulnavia s face displays no effects.
She received  although she is played by a different actress  Australian model Valli Kemp.
The thieves die off.
Inspectors Trout and Waverly chase Phibes.
The theiving party is led.
Who wants to find the River in order that he and his lover Diana can live forever.
Phibes  murders now have an Egyptian theme  one character is sand-blasted  another is stung to death by scorpions.
Beiderbeck sacrifices his life.
Order to save Diana.
The film ends.
Phibes rafts down the River.
It is left ambiguous.
Whether Victoria is resurrected.
<EOS>
Set in 1958  the last year of Fulgencio Batista regime  the plot revolves around a boy.
Who is torn with a blonde American named Julia and the strife facing his family as a result of the revolution and turmoil in their nation.
<EOS>
A group carry out a daring robbery of an armoured van.
Two are betrayed by the mastermind of the operation.
They come out and search for the man behind the crimes.
Who betrayed them.
But the police are.
Who was.
<EOS>
A Sicilian baron  Paolo Castorini has spent his life dealing  and later  women  usually in matters of the flesh.
But later he begins to search for a deeper meaning to life.
Paolo is surprised to learn.
When his father is brought.
The apparently staid  upright father had been unfaithful  and that such unfaithfulness had brought consequences both moral and medical.
<EOS>
Anjali is a beautiful and idealistic girl.
Who  is trying to find her one true love.
Is it the oddball Ginger.
<EOS>
Ron Cat Catlan once led the New Orleans Saints.
He tries to compensate for his failing skills with booze and an extramarital affair.
Catlan hesitates  insisting.
When his friend and teammate Richie Fowler offers him an executive job.
He can still lead the squad.
His friend warns him  There are a lot.
When he tells Richie he ll take the job.
It may not be available.
They re smart kids.
A year  I might not be able to offer you a job driving the company truck.
Things are no better  his long-suffering wife  Julie  threatens to leave him after too many booze-fueled outrages and late nights with other women.
She begins to drift away.
Cat finally begs Julie to stay  saying.
Everything will be alright after he leads the Saints.
Though  Catlan is crushed in a violent sack by a Dallas Cowboys player  seemingly ending his football career.
Julie can be seen leaving the stadium  apparently unconcerned.
<EOS>
The movie opens.
An aristocratic Prussian officer  Captain Stransky  is posted on the Eastern Front in.
Stransky proudly tells the regimental commander  Colonel Brandt  and his adjutant  Captain Kiesel.
He applied from occupied France to front line duty in Russia so that he can win the Iron Cross.
Veteran  highly-respected Corporal Steiner leads his Wehrmacht infantry platoon.
Which his men capture a young Russian.
He orders Steiner to shoot the prisoner.
When Stransky meets Steiner.
Stransky prepares to shoot the boy himself.
When Steiner refuses.
Private Reisenauer saves the boy by volunteering to do it.
Later  Stransky informs Steiner.
He has been promoted  and is puzzled by Steiner s nonchalant response.
Stransky also discovers.
His adjutant  Lieutenant Triebig  is a closet homosexual when Stransky surreptitiously sees Triebig stroking the cheek.
Steiner releases the young Russian only to see the boy killed.
Waiting. 
Lieutenant Meyer  the respected leader of Steiner s platoon  is killed while leading a successful counterattack.
Steiner is wounded and is sent to a military hospital to recover.
There  he is haunted  and has a romantic liaison with a nurse.
Steiner is offered a home leave but decides to his men.
He has recovered.
Steiner is informed.
When he arrives.
Stransky has claimed that he led the successful counterattack  not Meyer  and has been nominated.
Stransky named.
Stransky tries to persuade Steiner to corroborate his claim.
Brandt questions Steiner.
He will expose Stransky s lies.
Steiner only states.
He hates all officers  even those as enlightened  and requests a few days to ponder his answer.
Stransky does not pass the order  abandoning them.
When his battalion is ordered to retreat.
Making their way back  the men stumble across and capture an all-female Russian detachment.
Zoll  a despised Nazi Party member  takes one into the barn for his own private pleasure  only to have her bite off his genitals.
Steiner is busy.
He kills her.
Meanwhile  the young soldier Dietz  left to guard the rest alone  is distracted and killed as well.
Disgusted  Steiner locks Zoll up  taking only their uniforms to use as a disguise.
The platoon eventually reaches the German positions  sending a message ahead.
They can cross no man s land safely.
Stransky suggests.
Steiner and his men could be ` mistaken.
Triebig orders  only Steiner and two others survive.
His men to shoot down the incoming Germans.
Triebig denies responsibility.
Steiner kills him and goes looking.
The Soviets launch a major assault.
Brandt orders Kiesel to be evacuated  telling him.
Men like him will be needed to rebuild Germany.
Brandt then rallies the fleeing troops.
Steiner confronts Stransky and contemplates shooting him  but instead contemptuously arms him and turns his back.
Stung  Stransky accepts Steiner s challenge to earn his medal.
They head off.
The film closes.
To reload his.
Steiner begins to laugh.
When he begs Steiner.
The laughing continues from World War II and later conflicts.
<EOS>
Beautiful Russian spy Sonja Baranikowa seduces Colonel Jellusic.
Who is actually the criminal mastermind.
Jason  head  gives the task of bringing the mysterious Haghi down to a handsome young agent known only as Number.
326 believes.
His identity is a secret.
Haghi is well aware.
He assigns Sonja to worm her way.
She convinces.
She has just shot a man who tried to force himself.
He hides her.
Is. 
What Haghi does not anticipate.
The couple will fall.
Unwilling to betray 326  she quietly slips away.
They spend the afternoon and evening together.
He trails her.
Whom he mistakes.
Haghi suspects Sonya s feelings.
He confines her in his secret headquarters.
When she refuses to act.
Meanwhile  Haghi is.
He blackmails Lady Leslane  an opium addict.
What her husband knows.
Akira Masimoto  the Japanese head  crosses paths with.
He finds.
When 326 seeks.
Her apartment stripped bare.
Masimoto finds him drowning his sorrows and informs him.
He would have arrested the woman as a spy had she not disappeared.
Masimoto gives each a sealed packet to deliver to Tokyo  he informs them.
A copy is inside one of them.
Haghi obtains all three packages  but finds only newspapers.
However  Haghi has one more card.
Masimoto pities Kitty  a young woman.
He finds huddling during a rainstorm  and takes her in.
She begs him to spend a few hours.
When he prepares to leave with the treaty.
He gives  attracted by her beauty.
However   she is gone.
When he wakes up later.
Is the treaty.
Disgraced  he commits ritual suicide.
326 tracks Jellusic down  but too late.
To tie up loose ends  Haghi has already betrayed the colonel.
Jellusic shoots himself to avoid a scandal.
When confronted.
326 wires used to pay Jellusic   to trace.
The serial numbers notes.
Jason passes on  working undercover as a circus clown.
326 is nearly killed in a trap set by Haghi.
His car is detached and left.
He is sleeping.
He awakens.
Before another train smashes.
Sonya  tricked  learns of the crash  races to the site and is reunited with her love.
326 orders Haghi s bank surrounded.
Then he sends Sonya away.
However  Haghi captures Sonya and Franz  and sends 326 an ultimatum  clear the building.
Sonya will die.
326 continues searching.
After poison gas is released.
Fortunately  Franz is able to free himself and hold off Haghi s assassins.
326 can find them.
Haghi s minions are captured.
There is no sign.
Later  a clerk complains.
The serial numbers he was given to trace do not match the actual bank notes.
The two realize.
719 must be none other.
He sees.
When Haghi goes to perform his clown act.
He is surrounded.
He shoots himself.
The audience  believing  applauds.
It is all just part.
<EOS>
Muhammad Darwis is a youth and the son of Kyai Abubakar  the imam of the area s mosque.
Displeased.
Lead to poor Javanese spending exorbitant amounts on religious ceremonies.
He studies.
There. 
What he considers the true form over a period of five years.
Darwis changes his name to Ahmad Dahlan and begins teaching Islam  preaching.
Prayers need only come and do not require large donations or sacrifices.
Conflict soon arises  pointing not to the Kaaba in Mecca but to Africa.
He shows that the direction in which they pray is wrong.
The kyais  especially Cholil Kamaludiningrat  decry Dahlan and provoke a crowd of their followers to destroy the building next to Dahlan s house used for studying prayer.
Dahlan continues to preach and teach  opening a school  teaching Islam at a Dutch-run school  and opening a small mosque  he also marries his cousin  Siti Walidah.
His actions   lead to Kamaludiningrat decrying Dahlan as a unbeliever.
Who is working to Westernise the local populace.
Dahlan prevails and furthers his teaching.
Together  he founds the progressive Islamic organisation Muhammadiyah.
Preaches Islam.
<EOS>
Emily Eden  a New York City hardened homicide detective  goes undercover to investigate the murder.
To do so  she lives.
Who is revered toward his fellow Jews.
He says  You and I have something in common  We are both intimately familiar with evil.
It does something.
She takes a liking.
Living. 
Who works as a diamond-cutter but teaches and is expected to follow his father as the next rebbe.
He is waiting for his intended  or bashert  the daughter of a Paris rebbe.
Whom he has not yet actually met.
They are the subjects.
He believes.
She is his soul mate  chosen.
He is also studying the Kabbalah.
Is regarded as rather daring under.
Its discussion.
The crisis is.
When Emily finds out that the inside man is the rebbe s adopted daughter  Mara  who had been living a disorderly life until the future murder victim  Yaakov Klausman  introduced her to the rebbe.
Afterwards  she joined the community.
Who has returned.
A person approached her and she let him into the Diamond Center to kill Yaakov and steal diamonds worth about $.
This is all  but   she finds.
Emily needs to solve the case and arrest Mara to murder.
When Emily returns with Ariel.
Mara has taken the rebbe s daughter hostage.
Mara knocks her out.
Emily attempts to negotiate.
Ariel shoots Mara.
Ariel comments.
Sometimes an evil deed has a partially good result.
The film ends.
Emily watches.
<EOS>
Two contract killers cross paths and realize.
They are childhood friends.
Together they take a break.
They once called home.
They decide to team up and use their talents in killing for good  upsetting the crime syndicates they used to work for.
<EOS>
Lara Tyler is one around.
All she wants to do is marry her fiance  writer James Arber.
Besieged.
Who is obsessed.
However   Lara becomes upset and runs away.
When the paparazzi track them down  and smelling a payday.
Her management team  led by Steve Korbitz  decide to stage a fake wedding  hoping.
The paparazzi will fall and leave the island.
Local girl Katie   is recruited to pretend to be Lara.
Who is nursing a broken heart.
But is James really.
Sure Lara is his true love.
<EOS>
Peggy Gravel  a neurotic  delusional  suburban housewife  and her overweight maid  Grizelda Brown  go.
Grizelda smothers Peggy s husband  Bosley.
The two are arrested.
Who gives them an ultimatum  go or be exiled to Mortville.
Peggy and Grizelda choose Mortville  but still engage.
They become associates.
Who wants a sex change to please her lover  Muffy St.
Jacques.
Most conspire to overthrow Queen Carlotta.
Who banishes her daughter  Coo-Coo  after she elopes.
Coo-Coo hides s house with her dead lover.
Grizelda fights them  and dies.
When Peggy betrays.
When the house collapses.
Peggy  however  joins the queen.
Eventually  Mortville s denizens  led  overthrow Queen Carlotta and execute Peggy by shooting a gun up her anus.
To celebrate their freedom  the townsfolk roast Carlotta and serve her  pig-like  on a platter with an apple in her mouth.
<EOS>
The film explores the complicated love triangle.
Appunni and Ammukutty are lovers.
Ammukutty s father Ayyappan Nair arranges her marriage.
Ammukutty is happy to break her relationship and get married to the rich and modern Menon Mash.
However  Menon Mash can not arrive.
Ayyappan Nair   conducts Ammukkutty s marriage.
Who thought that Menon Mash might have cheated his daughter.
But  Menon Mash arrives late night.
Now Ayyappan Nair wants Ammukutty to marry Menon Mash himself.
Shaked  Ammukkutty closes the door in front of them and decides to live with Appunni.
<EOS>
Mark Salzman always was interested  claims to have seen every Kung-Fu movie.
1982   he visits a province university in China for two years to teach Chinese teachers the English language.
He learns the refinements among Chinese people  makes friends with his pupils  falls in love with the young doctor Ming  learns Uschu from the famous teacher Pan  but also learns about political repression.
When he s forbidden contact.
<EOS>
Bennington ` Baby Bink  Cotwell Jr.
A mischievous baby who lives.
Is just about to appear.
Three klutzy would-be kidnappers  Edgar Eddie Mauser  Norbert Norby LeBlaw  and Victor Veeko Riley.
Disguise themselves and kidnap him.
They have difficulty controlling him.
Norby does.
Trying to get him to fall asleep.
Reading Bink s book titled Baby s Day Out  leaving him unattended.
Looking he notices a bird on the page and then one by the open window.
He follows it out and successfully gets away  with Eddie falling off the building and into a garbage bin while chasing after him through the rooftop.
The FBI arrives.
Where they try to piece together clues along.
Meanwhile  he  now outside and crawling about  finds another part of his book  The blue bus.
He then boards.
The kidnappers realize.
He is missing and start chasing the bus.
Their efforts are.
Meanwhile Bink crawls into the bag of an obese lady.
Who gets off.
The trio catches it  and realize  they then realize.
Bink is not.
He crawled and follow her.
An altercation ensues.
They insult her.
Bink crawls up and is forced inwards by its momentum.
They attempt their escape.
Crawling  Bink is stopped by a worker.
Who works.
He crawls and is wheeled out by an unsuspecting mother  leaving the store  crawls out from the stroller and eventually ends up in traffic.
Unattended there.
The kidnappers attempt to follow him but keep getting injured.
He makes his way.
They find him and lose hope of gaining their ransom money.
The gorilla shows a maternal side and does not injure him.
The kidnappers try to retrieve Baby Bink.
It notices them and bashes Veeko s hand  throws Norby  and hurls Eddie against the bars of the cage opposite its own.
The kidnappers eventually corner and catch Bink  but are confronted by two friendly police officers.
Who have noticed that their van s engine is still running.
Eddie hides Bink under his coat in his lap.
He reaches Eddie s cigarette lighter  sets his crotch  and sneaks off as soon.
The officers are gone.
Veeko extinguishes the fire.
They follow Bink  but are still unable to catch him  with Norby falling into a vat of wet cement  Veeko getting thrown off the building and into the back of a garbage truck  and Eddie getting stranded on a crane after being drenched in glue.
The sun sets.
Bink leaves the construction yard.
The kidnappers manage to escape  but decide to give up and go home.
Bink s parents are notified in the city and Gilbertine deduces.
He has been following the happenings  and will most likely head for the Old Soldiers  Home next.
Sure enough  they find him there.
He begins to call out Boo-Boo toward the kidnappers  flat.
The FBI moves in and arrests Eddie  Veeko  and Norby demanding.
They return his book first.
Back home  Bink is put by his family.
He wakes up and gets ready to read another book  this one entitled Baby s Trip.
His parents discuss having his picture taken.
<EOS>
It is prohibition.
Beer barons Laurel and Hardy are sent for concocting their own home brew.
They are put.
Stan has a loose tooth  the inmate interprets this and is impressed -- nobody else ever stood up to him like that.
Causes him to emit a razzberry.
He and Stan and Ollie become fast friends.
The boys escape to a cotton plantation   in blackface.
Where they hide out undetected.
They are discovered and are sent back.
When they attempt to repair the warden s car.
They inadvertently break up a prison riot.
The grateful warden issues them a pardon.
H.
M.
Walker wrote the opening title card.
States  Mr Hardy is a man.
Long as he does nt try to think.
<EOS>
Laurel and Hardy are seated.
Where Stan is fishing.
Ollie sees a notice.
Says one Ebeneezer Laurel has died and left a large estate.
Parties interested should go to the Laurel mansion for the reading of the will.
Stan ca nt remember or not but they decide to go anyway.
Ebeneezer is a relative.
They arrive and discover.
Ebeneezer had been murdered and that the police had placed the notice.
Stan and Ollie are shown to sleep overnight.
Is the room in which Ebeneezer was murdered.
They hear a strange noise.
See a pair of eyes.
Turns out to be a cat.
They then hear a scream and decide to investigate.
Meanwhile the butler is calling all to a study telling them they have a phone call.
A trapdoor opens into.
Each relative disappears.
Stan and Ollie return and get into the bed.
A bat has flown and is under their covers.
Causes them to panic and run downstairs.
All have now disappeared.
The butler calls Stan and Ollie to take a telephone call.
Oliver takes the call and falls.
The murderer appears.
A fight ensues but then Stan and Ollie  fighting over Stan s fishing line at the dockside.
<EOS>
The film is set.
Where the vast majority has died.
The remaining humans have reverted.
The son of a tribal leader is banished from the tribe  along with his friends.
They eventually stumble.
Whose only two inhabitants are genetically modified to survive the plague.
They view themselves.
Who intend to recreate humanity.
<EOS>
New YorkAlthough assumed to be in New York State  the script only identifies the fictional Bedford Falls as in the territory.
Includes New York.
Goodrich et al.
1986  p.
.
-RCB- -RCB- today.
Inflation along  something.
George always wanted to do.
George  initially tempted  turns Potter down.
Potter intends to close down the Building and Loan and take full control.
George is unable to enlist  due.
When World War II erupts.
Harry becomes a Navy fighter pilot and shoots down 15 enemy planes.
Of which were targeting a ship.
Harry is awarded the Medal of Honor.
Morning  Uncle Billy is on his way to Potter s bank to deposit $ 8000 of the Building and Loan s cash funds.
He greets Potter and taunts him.
Potter angrily snatches the paper.
Billy inattentively allows the money to be snatched.
Potter opens the paper  notices the money and keeps it  knowing.
Displacement would result in bankruptcy for the Building and Loan and criminal charges for George.
George takes his anger and frustrations out.
When a frantic search turns up.
A desperate George appeals.
Potter mockingly and coldly turns George down  and then swears out a warrant for bank fraud.
George  now completely depressed  gets drunk.
George staggers to a bridge  intending to commit suicide  feeling more dead than alive because of a life insurance policy.
He is worth.
Clarence jumps and pretends to be drowning.
He can leap.
Clarence reveals himself to be George s guardian angel.
George rescues him.
George does not believe him.
Clarence shows George.
When he bitterly wishes he had never been born.
What the town would have been like.
Bedford Falls  named Pottersville  is home.
Bailey Park is never built.
Mr Gower was sent for poisoning the child and is a despised derelict.
Martini does not own the bar  and is nowhere to be found.
George s friend Violet Bick is a strip-dancer and gets arrested.
Ernie is helplessly poor having left him.
Uncle Billy has been for years.
Harry is dead not being there to save him from drowning.
The servicemen died.
He would have saved also.
Ma Bailey is a bitter widow  and Mary a single spinster librarian.
George runs back and begs to be allowed to live again.
His prayer is answered.
He runs home joyously.
Where the authorities are waiting to arrest him.
Mary  Uncle Billy  and a flood arrive with more than enough donations to save George and the Building and Loan.
George s friend Sam Wainwright sends him a $ 25000 line.
Harry also arrives to support his brother.
Who is now The richest man.
George finds a copy  Remember no man is a failure.
Who has friends.
P.
S.
Thanks.
A bell rings.
His daughter Zuzu remembers.
It means an angel has earned his wings.
George realizes.
He truly has a wonderful life.
<EOS>
Jim  a Chinese American Los Angeleno  borders.
He is abandoned before their Valentine s Day wedding.
His only solution to end his misery is to get his best friend  Alex  an ex-con hitman  to promise to kill him.
The two head  escaping to Jim s aunt s cabin  with the understanding.
Alex will fulfill his promise sometime.
Jim finally seems at peace with his life.
He meets Amanda.
<EOS>
Tommy Layton  a wealthy bachelor  rents a city bus to take him to Los Angeles.
Once there he intends to participate to Hawaii.
The bus drivers  Algy and Wellington  are chased.
They escape capture.
Layton   rescues them and hires them.
Who is now.
A competitor has fired his original crew without his knowledge.
He enacts revenge.
They encounter a hurricane and land.
Is also the home.
The island natives mistake Wellington and inform him.
He must marry Princess Luana.
Meanwhile  Varnoff s plan is to cause a volcano to erupt.
Order to trick the tribe.
The natives send Wellington.
Varnoff chases him.
Where they are defeated.
<EOS>
An old gunslinger Wyatt and Ben Lee Sutton injured boy with a Mexican girl  Wyatt will teach you to use the gun  the young man now knows  he wants to avenge the murderers of his girlfriend s father.
To defend himself.
Ben Wyatt will have to help and defend themselves  seeking the land of the Mexican girl.
<EOS>
The story begins The Tomato up on the countertop.
Larry mentions.
He got an e-mail from New Jersey about a problem with lying and that he has a story that may help.
The episode begins  walking away from a movie theater and seeing.
What appears to be a comet.
Jimmy and Jerry Gourd  then alert Larry-Boy with The Larry-Signal of an approaching alien.
They spent two years.
He begins to search but gives up after a night of searching despite his butler Alfred pleading him to continue searching   however the alien lands in the neighborhood.
When seeing no evidence from space.
Larry-Boy passes.
The scene then shifts.
Seeing  Junior decides to take his father s prized Art Bigoti bowling plate.
They do nt have enough plates.
Laura decides to flee.
Junior ends up accidentally breaking it.
The alien Fibrillus Minimus emerges and convinces Junior to lie claiming.
A little fib will not hurt anybody.
Junior lies but however soon discovers.
Every time he lies about breaking the plate his Little fib grows larger.
He and fib go downtown  Fib grows before destructing parts of Bumblyburg into shatters and forcing the citizens to jump or hide to avoid being killed by the fib s actions.
Where the victims confront him in an angry mob but when Junior tells a lie about alien cows coming to earth and breaking the plate  just before Percy can angrily finish telling Junior that his lie was the same plot-line of the movie he watched in the beginning.
Larry-Boy is summoned and pursues Fib and Junior.
Fib tries to escape.
Larry-Boy flies his car into Fib s hand but learns.
The Fib can not be stopped after he has been captured.
Fib smugly tells.
Junior that he an alien form he told about the plate and that he grew because of the lying before he tries to eat Larry-Boy but Alfred the scientist gathering scientific research informs Larry that Junior can stop the Fib.
Junior admits the truth.
The Fib shrinks out Larry Boy.
Junior apologizes.
His parents decide.
They reconcile  however.
A pun joke is summoned for another Fib landing in the city from space which is red instead of blue.
Back  Larry-Boy pairs with Bob in closing the show with the verse And you shall know the truth.
The truth shall set you free.
Finally  Larry announces the world premiere.
Plays right.
<EOS>
He becomes infatuated.
When Tora-san takes a job.
Tora becomes ill.
Lily plans to visit him to tell him his feelings.
Are requited.
She is fired and must leave.
She can visit.
<EOS>
Cockney racing tipster Evans is asked to train a racehorse.
They have bought.
The couple know nothing  but believe.
Ownership will be their entree into the high society racing set.
Evans does not own a stable  so the horse has to live in an urban mews.
He has to keep constantly.
Circumstances continually threaten to reveal the ramshackle conditions in which the animal is kept.
The horse turns out to have a natural talent and great racing potential.
It does well  and is entered for a prestigious race.
Disaster strikes.
When the horse is stolen.
Evans has to track down and outwit the crooks  and manages to recover the horse.
Feeling confident  Evans places a substantial bet on it to win the race.
However  he makes a mistake and accidentally lays the bet on a no-hope nag at ridiculously long odds.
The race turns out to be a sensation.
The hopeless carthorse Evans backed crosses the line first.
He makes a huge financial profit.
<EOS>
Captain Rick Leland is court-martialled and discharged from the U.
S.
Coast Artillery is caught stealing.
He tries to join the Canadian Army  but is coldly rebuffed.
He subsequently boards a Japanese ship  the Genoa Maru  to make his way to China via the Panama Canal to fight for Chiang.
He meets Canadian Alberta Marlow and Dr Lorenz  a professor of sociology.
Who makes no secret and is thus not popular in the Philippines  where he resides.
Leland   makes it clear to Lorenz.
He has no loyalty and would fight for anyone willing to pay him.
Leland reports to Colonel Hart  an undercover intelligence officer.
Lorenz is a known enemy spy.
Hart and Leland are uncertain.
Leland surprises a Filipino man.
Who is about to shoot Lorenz  thus gaining Lorenz s confidence.
Second-generation Japanese-American Joe Totsuiko embarks.
The captain announces.
They arrive.
The ship has been denied passage and will be forced to take a long detour around Cape Horn.
Leland  Marlow and Lorenz disembark to wait.
Several crates are unloaded addressed at the Bountiful plantation.
Lorenz asks Leland   to procure up-to-date schedules.
Who was once stationed.
Patrol the canal.
Leland meets.
V.
Smith  and convinces him to provide the real schedules.
Lorenz could easily find out if he were given fake ones.
The date is December 6  1941 - the eve.
Having delivered the schedules  Leland is knocked out.
He wakes up several hours later and finds out.
Both Lorenz and Marlow have left the hotel.
He immediately calls Smith and warns him to change the patrol schedule  then heads out.
Where he sees a torpedo bomber being prepared.
He is caught  however  and brought inside.
Marlow turns out to be the daughter  Dan Morton  a drunk ring to provide a base for its activities.
Whose weakness is being exploited.
Marlow s only stake in the affair is concern for her father.
Lorenz reveals.
They killed Smith before he could have the schedule changed and that they are planning to torpedo the Panama Canal Locks.
Leland overpowers Totsuiko.
Leland takes and shoots down the bomber aircraft  piloted by no less than an Imperial Japanese prince.
It tries to take off.
Leland dispatches Lorenz s men.
A defeated Lorenz tries to commit seppuku  but his nerve fails him.
He begs Leland to shoot him.
Leland refuses.
Lorenz has an appointment.
<EOS>
The plot concerns Sam-ryong  a deaf servant.
Who is.
Critics praised the final scene.
Which the house burns.
<EOS>
This follows the fraternal bond of two inmates  once again Ching  but this time with Boss Dragon  a boss of the Black Rats gang.
Ching escapes the prison  Leung was placed.
Order to see his son.
His mother died  and gets with Assassin s replacement  Officer Zau.
Ching escapes a second time to follow Boss Dragon.
He lied.
Ching looked and intended to bring him along  but was refused by the social worker.
He was later apprehended and was brought back to prison.
Officer Zau tortures Ching.
Ching gets thrown and is beaten up by them.
They thought he was the one who betrayed Brother Dragon.
Skull takes a toothbrush.
Ching then convinces Fireball Brother and the other cellmates to set a fire  so as to escape from prison.
The prisoners assembles outside.
Ching yells and runs towards to the Hongkie group for help.
A fight then occurs  resulting in the arrival of more police personnel.
Who use water jet sprayers to control the situation  while Skull goes.
Ching follows.
Skull and a violent fight starts.
Officer Zau and his officers witness the fight.
Zau gives the order to lock them up  watching them fighting behind the gate.
Skull begs Officer Zau to open the gate.
Zau refuses.
Skull self reproaches to Ching.
Skull tries to stab Ching again.
When Ching turns his back.
Ching eventually knocks Skull down.
Officer Zau then opens up the gate  and tries to use his baton to hit Ching  but was stopped.
Unfortunately  the good officer gets knocked down.
Ching picks up the toothbrush and hides it.
Officer Zau approaches him.
A violent fight starts.
Ching uses the toothbrush  and stabs it.
Officer Zau screams and engages in delirium.
Officer Zau collapses.
Ching awakes and takes up his son s report card and reads it.
His cellmate commented  Dad   Do nt let me worry  remember  this sentence is meaningful  Tolerate  Tolerate  Tolerate  Ching was discharged from the hospital and was being brought back to his cell  an officer told him.
His son s handwriting was not bad  also a message.
Do nt be naughty.
He was lucky that he had an officer to stand witness about the fight.
A superintendent visits the cell.
It is a coincidence.
They met together when he escaped the prison.
Ching requests the superintendent.
When he visits the orphanage  to look out.
An officer says Long time no see to Ching.
It is believed to be Officer Scarface  Ching then self mutters  about.
Unlucky he is.
<EOS>
Farina has nightmares.
<EOS>
A high school student named Freya McAllister misdiagnosed.
Who begins hearing voices and ends up.
She spends nine years.
A government doctor realizes Freya might instead be telepathic.
He promptly whisks her away and commences training her on an isolated farm for the NSA.
Teamed up to track down an elusive assassin known as Gazal  Freya has been ordered not to reveal her powers to her new partner.
They manage to uncover Gazal s identity and bring him.
<EOS>
A Los Angeles District Attorney is attempting to take an unwilling murder witness back from Canada to testify against a top-level mob boss.
Frantically attempting to escape two deadly hit men sent to silence her  they board a Vancouver-bound train only to find.
The killers are.
A deadly game of cat and mouse ensues is a matter of life and death.
The train hurls.
Which their ability to tell friend.
<EOS>
To make up  a girl promises to have her reserved but very renowned professor.
Appear. 
The show involves locating the long-lost-loved ones.
The professor finally agrees.
Hesitant. 
His story takes the assistant back 50 years-1969.
Where the world is.
President Park Chung-Hee is a dictator.
The students are furious.
Suk-Young and a group travel to the country to escape the tense city and help a small village come up to date with the new technology.
Has been invented.
It is there he meets Jung-In  a very pretty girl.
Who is the keeper.
Cheerful and happy  they first run.
When Suk-Young hears Jung-In singing.
Suk-Young is.
She gradually opens up.
Jung-In is hesitant.
Their bumpy courtship  however  is threatened.
Jung-in hides catches up with them.
<EOS>
Receive a message.
As they are about to take a group on a riverboat ride and picnic  Deborah Bishop  Rita Phipps  and Lora Mae Hollingsway.
She has run off.
She  however  leaves them.
To which one.
All three marriages are shown to be strained.
Deborah grew up.
Her first experience came.
When she joined the Navy WAVES.
Deborah is ill.
When they return.
Adding  she learns.
Everyone expected Brad to marry Addie  whom all three husbands consider practically a goddess.
However  she is comforted.
Who writes stories.
Her husband George  a school-teacher  feels somewhat emasculated.
She earns much more money.
He is also disappointed.
His wife constantly gives.
Rita s flashback is.
She gave.
She forgot  and only remembered.
Her husband s birthday was that night.
When a birthday present  a rare Brahms recording  arrived.
Lora Mae grew up poor.
She sets her sights.
Her mother  Ruby Finney  is unsure.
What to think.
Ruby s friend Sadie approves.
Matters come.
When she sees a picture.
She tells him she wants her picture  her own piano in her own home.
He tells her.
He is nt interested.
She breaks off their romance.
However  he loves.
Her too much  and finally gives and proposes  skipping a New Year s party at Addie s house to do so.
Rita is overjoyed to find her husband.
When the women return.
They work out their issues  she promises to not let herself be pushed around.
Deborah s houseman gives her a message stating.
Brad will not be coming home that night.
A heartbroken Deborah goes alone.
She tells him.
When Porter complains with another man.
He has no idea how much Lora Mae really loves him.
Porter is certain.
His wife only sees him.
Unable to take it anymore  Deborah gets up to leave  announcing.
Brad has run off.
Porter stops her  confessing  A man can change his mind  ca nt he.
It was he who started to run away  but then explains.
Lora Mae claims.
She did not hear a word he said.
He asks her to dance.
The voice bids all a good night.
She is shown only once and from behind.
<EOS>
The action starts.
Who manages to kill her.
John Rollins  the head  struggles to save his farm and hold his family together.
The corn fields are dying out.
The irrigation system is nt working.
Crows are eating the cobs out.
John is.
His friend  a financial adviser  is trying to convince him.
It is later revealed.
It s.
One day John discovers a secret door.
Where he finds a strange scarecrow.
His luck changes  but also gives a horrific curse.
Started it all.
He begins to find dead birds as well as a mysterious little girl.
Crops begin to grow.
Who continues to appear out.
His troubled marriage begins having more complications.
Several people begin dying.
Who tries to hit  trying to convince her to leave John.
John encounters a new neighbor  Jude Weatherby.
Who seems to know more than he appears.
John begins to believe  damaging their relationship further.
The scarecrow is the source and burns it  at the cost of missing his therapy session with his wife.
He goes for advice  instead seeing his wife  Miranda.
Who he had seen stripping before.
Miranda gives him some tea.
She has laced.
John becomes high.
Miranda takes advantage and has an affair with him.
John eventually realizes.
What Miranda did and feels guilty.
John realizes and then John discovers.
His family has forsaken him.
Jude and Miranda are the ghosts.
They evoked a voodoo curse to aid them and tell John to survive.
He must let the scarecrow kill his family.
They reveal.
The scarecrow does whatever is necessary to safeguard the land he oversees  and ensure that his master s crops reach their full potential.
It will destroy anyone.
Who gets.
Seeing  the scarecrow targets them next.
John s family is a distraction.
The scarecrow knocks the sheriff unconscious.
Mary suspects.
John assaulted the sheriff and killed the other two men.
Believing John has gone mad  Mary attempts to get her children out.
Her young son  Michael  having been aware  runs off to aid his father.
Where the rest see the scarecrow come and attack the Rollins family.
The Scarecrow kills the sheriff and attacks the Rollins  teenage daughter  Lindsay.
However  John manages to subdue the Scarecrow.
Michael runs it over.
The family then destroys.
The scarecrow and the film ends.
There is no clarity as too who or.
What this little girl had to do.
<EOS>
A young man from Suriname named.
Waldemar Nods goes to study.
His dark skin will watch and discrimination.
He came on lodgings at Rika.
Who went to live separately after she discovered him cheating with the maid Jans.
She has all four included.
Waldemar and the 17 year older Rika start a relationship.
She becomes pregnant.
She says nothing and goes to Waldemar to an illegal abortion  but changes his mind.
She tells that Waldemar.
When she was four months pregnant.
This is angry.
She had been told nothing this time  and leaves.
Wim and Jan walk away.
Waldemar comes back.
William comes by to tell him a job in Indonesia  and suggests her to go.
Is presented.
He will accept the baby.
He changes his mind and.
The father has dark skin.
It also demands  with success.
He refuses a divorce.
That Rika can not remarry.
The child is a boy  they call him Waldy  nicknamed Sonny Boy.
Also with a Surinamese  says the landlord rent.
Rika and Waldemar roam the streets.
She is home.
The older Jewish man meet Sam.
Rika start a guest house in Scheveningen.
Netherlands is occupied.
Rika and Waldemar are forced to give shelter.
However  have Rika and Waldemar Road.
The area is cleared.
Rika gives them a big new house allotted.
She gives up five children.
Rika let people into hiding.
She chooses.
The fee is higher than.
Later there will be a deserter.
First Waldy not informed  but later.
Waldy get along.
Waldy sees.
Sam is away  and is shocked.
It is discovered hiding.
Waldemar  Rika  Waldy and hiding are arrested.
Waldy is released and goes to live.
This is not safe.
The Germans want during interrogations put pressure Waldy.
He is therefore placed.
He asks.
Who come precious jewelry.
Waldy approve.
But the farmer replies that everyone is trying to ride a piece  Rika and Waldemar were also paid.
Rika dies.
Waldemar is also transferred.
Its language  he may work.
Thus he sees opportunity to send letters.
He is deported to the ship Cap Arcona.
This is attacked.
He jumps and swim to shore  then he is still slain by two German child soldiers.
<EOS>
Five years ago  Jennifer Hills was brutally raped.
Two weeks gets revenge and brutally kills them.
Jennifer was never charged and claimed.
She did not kill.
Now  Jennifer is and decides to skip her final exam with her friend Sam to a secluded cottage.
Jennifer and Sam stop.
Where Sam befriends a local man  Dwayne Chesney and Tommy.
Later that day Sam wanders off and is then raped and killed.
Worried  Jennifer searches and finds Dwayne.
Who claims to know where Sam is.
Jennifer is then brought back.
Where she finds Sam dead.
Jennifer then attempts to escape.
However  the two men rape her and then stab her  leaving her for dead.
She can get away.
Jennifer survives and  once again  seeks revenge.
She finds Dwayne and chases him  sawing his head in half with a chainsaw.
When she catches him.
She finds Tommy.
If it was still alive  where he is interrupted.
Tommy tries to run off.
Jennifer threatens him.
Tommy then tries to convince Jennifer not to kill him.
Unmoved  Jennifer shoots Tommy and walks off  leaving Tommy for dead.
Dwayne and Tommy did.
<EOS>
Malik El Djebena  nineteen years old  French  is sentenced to six years in prison for attacking police officers.
Alone and illiterate  he falls under the sway of Corsican mobsters  led by Cesar Luciani.
Who enforces a brutal rule.
The prison is divided.
Malik keeps.
Malik gains the protection in spite of his origin.
When Luciani forces him to be the unwilling assassin.
Malik serves.
Who treat him.
All the while  he is haunted.
Luciani is forced to give Malik more responsibility.
When the bulk are transferred or released.
Having secretly learned Corsican  Malik acts.
Luciani relies to conduct his business outside.
When Malik earns the privilege.
Ryad  a Muslim friend  teaches Malik to read and write.
The two become close.
Ryad exposes Malik  allowing him to meet two other Muslims  Tarik and Hassan  increasing his power within the prison.
Malik also becomes involved.
The three partners organize a drug-running enterprise.
When Ryad gains an early release due.
But  Malik tracks down Latif s partner  kidnaps his family  and forces Latif s gang to release Ryad.
When Ryad is kidnapped.
He attacks him.
When Luciani discovers that Malik is using his furloughs.
Malik is sent to meet Brahim Lattrache.
Who is involved.
Lattrache is bitter for the murder of Reyeb and holds Malik at gunpoint.
He remembers a recent dream.
When Malik spots a deer warning sign.
He tells his kidnappers.
They are.
Lattrache is impressed  calling him a prophet and agreeing to do business with him instead of Luciani.
Luciani believes and decides to use Malik to assassinate Jacky Marcaggi  the Don  for secretly dealing with the Lingherris.
There is a mole.
But Malik and Ryad have their own plan  they kill his bodyguards and dump him in a van with his enemy Vettori  Luciani s henchman.
Malik takes refuge with his wife and young son.
Ryad s cancer has returned  his decision leaves him just six months.
He gets Malik s promise to take care.
When he s gone.
He joins the Muslim side of the yard  having built a place of power within their faction.
Two Muslims intercept and beat him.
When Luciani tries to approach him.
The day release.
He is met by Ryad s wife and son.
They walk off together.
<EOS>
The story is.
A widow named.
Judith has a plan to stop the war as her people suffer starvation and are ready to surrender.
The widow disguises herself and goes to the enemy camp.
Where she beguiles a general.
Judith seduces Holofernes  then.
He is drunk cuts.
She returns.
<EOS>
A student named.
Dan Bartlett is planning to go with his rich girlfriend s family  when there is a sudden change of plans.
<EOS>
The movie is set.
The movie opens.
The Rajput college has students.
The Model college has students from poor local households.
Other colleges include Xaviers college and Queens college  the latter being an all-girls college.
The highlight is the annual inter-college sports championship with a marathon cycle race as the prime event.
The race is contested between Ratan Lal Sharma of Model college and Shekhar Malhotra of Rajput college with the latter winning the race.
Ratan had an inferior bike.
Both are felicitated by their respective schools.
Shekhar being rich.
Now the local champion is cocky and arrogant.
Sanjay Lal Sharma a.
K. 
A. 
Sanju is Ratan s younger brother and is everything.
Ratan is not.
He s a carefree youngster.
Who is full and is always in trouble with his father Ramlal  who wants him to act more maturely and become responsible like Ratan.
Sanju and his little gang   bunk sports to smoke cigarettes and roam.
Includes Anjali.
Anjali and her dad run.
A vehicle repair shop and Anjali s father asks his daughter to stay away.
Ramlal and his family run a small cafe.
Is the hangout spot.
A number occur between Sanju and Shekhar because of Shekhar s attempts to humiliate Ratan and his dad.
Enter Devika.
Who immediately catches the fancy.
Initially she leans.
One day she misses her bus.
Meanwhile Sanju asks Anjali.
That he can roam.
Devika and leaves his friends and gives Devika a lift.
He spots.
Devika finds Shekhar with another girl and goes along with Sanju.
Who  although not rich  brags.
Sanju s lie is ultimately revealed.
When Devika sees him dancing during a dance competition.
Sanju and Devika break up.
Sanju had quietly wasted money given to him by his father.
This leads.
Next morning  Ramlal leaves.
Town and Ratan is out cycling.
He stops to meet his girlfriend.
When Shekhar and his friends pass.
A heated argument and fight ensue.
End when Ratan accidentally falls off a cliff.
Sanju recollects his childhood.
Ratan is.
He reconciles.
When his father returns.
Sanju becomes more responsible and decides.
He will participate and give it his best for Ratan.
He realises his true feelings for Anjali.
The two embrace each other.
A day  Sanju finds out about the real cause of the accident and confronts Ratan.
Who tells him that he did nt say anything because Sanju had become responsible and closer.
Ratan asks Sanju to give his best.
He wants to do something.
Sanju participates in the race.
The race begins evenly.
Somewhere  the two fall and a scuffle ensues between Sanju and Shekhar.
Other cyclists take the lead.
Shekhar heads back.
Sanju breaks free and joins the race  catching up and finally beating him in the closing moments.
<EOS>
The film opens.
Where Chick Young and Wilbur Grey work.
Talbot tries to impart the danger of a shipment to the McDougal House Of Horrors.
Purportedly contain the actual bodies.
However   a full moon rises.
He is able.
Talbot becomes The Wolf Man and the call disconnects.
Wilbur  thinking  continues on.
The call is just a crank.
Immediately thereafter  the actual Mr McDougal shows up to claim the shipments and  fearing them damaged  demands.
Whenever Wilbur and Chick mishandle them.
The crates be delivered so his insurance agent can inspect them.
They open the first crate and find a coffin.
When Chick and Wilbur get.
Wilbur witnesses Dracula awaken and tries to get Chick s attention.
When Chick leaves to retrieve the second crate.
But  Dracula hides just to go unnoticed.
When Chick returns.
Dracula hypnotizes Wilbur and re-animates Frankenstein s Monster.
Chick leaves again to greet McDougal and the insurance agent.
McDougal and the insurance agent arrive again too late.
Finding the storage crates empty  McDougal accuses the boys and has them arrested.
That night  Dr Sandra Mornay receives Dracula and the Monster.
Sandra  a gifted surgeon  has been posing -- Wilbur s.
Who has studied Dr Frankenstein s notebooks.
Wilbur and Chick are bailed out and mistakenly believe Sandra to be their benefactor.
It is actually Joan Raymond.
Who is secretly working  and hopes Wilbur will lead her to the missing exhibits.
Meanwhile  Larry Talbot has taken the apartment from Wilbur and Chick.
He has tracked Dracula and the Monster and knows them to be alive.
Talbot asks Chick and Wilbur to help him find and destroy Dracula and the Monster.
The next day  Joan Raymond comes for Wilbur.
Wilbur  not expecting the favor but embracing it  invites Joan that evening.
That night  Wilbur  Chick and Joan go.
Wilbur answers a telephone call.
The ladies powder their noses.
It is Talbot.
Who informs them that they are.
Wilbur reluctantly agrees to search the castle  and soon stumbles upon an underground passageway  complete with boat and dock.
Chick insists they search in an attempt to prove to Wilbur.
They do not really exist.
Wilbur experiences he tries to show them.
A few close calls when he is confronted.
They have disappeared.
Meanwhile  Joan has discovered Dr Frankenstein s notebook.
Sandra has discovered Joan s insurance company employee I.
D.
The men  a suavely dressed Dr Leighos  descends the castle stairs and introduces himself to Joan and the boys.
Also working.
Is the naive Prof.
Stevens.
Who questions some.
Sandra feigns a headache and tells Wilbur and the others.
Wilbur admits that he was.
They will have to go without her.
Sandra admits.
Stevens  questions  Joan s credentials  and Wilbur s curiosity have made her nervous enough to put the experiment on hold.
Impatient  Dracula asserts his will.
The boys encounter Talbot and McDougal.
As Dracula and Sandra rejoin the group.
Dracula   easily deflects accusations.
When confronted.
He is not actually Dracula.
Sandra lures Wilbur.
Dracula takes Joan.
Chick and Larry approach.
She can move in and bite him.
She flees.
Talbot transforms.
They search.
Wilbur escapes.
The Wolf Man finds and injures McDougal.
Noting  McDougal concludes.
Chick has brought a wolf mask to the ball.
It was Chick who actually attacked him out.
Chick manages to slip away  only.
Chick is then also hypnotized and rendered helpless.
Dracula and Sandra bring Wilbur and Joan back.
The next morning  Chick and Talbot meet.
Talbot tells Chick.
He is the Wolf Man.
They agree to work together to rescue them.
Chick explains that Dracula has taken Wilbur and Joan to the island.
Sandra finally explains the plan to transplant his brain into the Monster.
Wilbur is being held.
She and Dracula leave him to prepare the Monster.
Chick and Talbot arrive to rescue Wilbur  but to escape Dracula hypnotizes Wilbur into coming back.
Wilbur Dracula giving the Monster electrical boosts.
Who is now strapped.
Talbot and Chick storm in.
As Sandra prepares to open Wilbur s skull.
Talbot struggles and casts her aside.
Chick knocks out Sandra and runs out to make Dracula leave.
Talbot can save Wilbur.
He once again transforms.
As Talbot is about to untie Wilbur.
Dracula returns to find the Wolf Man there and flees  with the Wolf Man giving chase.
Chick arrives to untie Wilbur.
As the Monster  now  breaks his own restraints and rises from his stretcher.
Sandra attempts to order him back.
The Monster defiantly throws her.
Chick and Wilbur try to escape.
Dracula attempts to escape and transforms into a bat.
The Wolf Man snares him then grab him and fall down below.
Joan abruptly wakes.
The boys escape the castle and head.
Wilbur succeeds.
Stevens and Joan arrive and set the pier ablaze.
The Monster turns around and marches  succumbing.
The pier collapses.
Wilbur scolds Chick.
As Chick and Wilbur relax.
They hear a disembodied voice and see a cigarette floating.
Chick tells him he will believe him on.
The voice says  Allow me to introduce myself  I m the Invisible Man.
<EOS>
The fatal journey lost in solitude.
Exiled  and who ends up as just another silhouette amongst many others  just as another shadow.
<EOS>
An introspective astrophysics major  Frank visits a remote lab to work.
He finds.
A young woman  has been taken in by the doctor.
She is found to be sensitive.
The unexplainable phenomena force Frank and Dr Roberts to look from a different  unscientific  angle.
Occur. 
They find that jealousy  logic  and love become easily entangled.
When the woman s forest dwelling spiritual guide enters the mix.
<EOS>
Krishnan is an out-of-work seasonal farmer.
Who is driven to steal coconuts.
He is shocked to learn.
When he is caught and imprisoned.
He has been charged.
But.
The most popular platform had become capital punishment  Krishnan is sentenced to death in the country s newest technology - electrocution by the electric chair.
<EOS>
Gus  Harry  and Archie are three husbands.
All are professional men.
They are shaken.
The film begins.
When their best friend Stuart suddenly dies.
They have difficulty coping  and spend two days hanging out  playing basketball  sleeping in the subways  and drinking  including one lengthy scene at a bar.
Which they have an impromptu singing contest.
Harry goes home  has a vicious argument  and decides to fly to London.
The other two decide to go.
They check  dress in formal clothing  and meet three young women at a gambling casino.
They go back with the women.
Gus pairs off  a young Asian woman  and Harry with Pearl Billingham.
Who seems not to speak English.
However  their efforts to hook up are awkward and unsuccessful.
Gus and Archie decide to go back.
Harry stays behind.
Gus and Archie express concern and.
The film ends.
What he will do.
<EOS>
Lily  a shy  wistful girl  is a songwriter.
When no one is listening.
She works and has a crush from afar on Jarrod  a geek.
Who works.
Jarrod is more interested.
Jarrod gives Lily an invitation to his dress as your favourite animal party to pass along to her.
Jenny crumples it up and throws it.
Lily retrieves it.
The party is sparsely attended.
What are apparently teenage and adult customers.
Jarrod is impressed as well as her savant-like video game skills  making it to the finals of a Fight Man video game competition   Jarrod.
She loses.
She spends their contest.
They go.
He questions Lily and learns.
Her parents are dead  having had heart attacks.
He says.
Both his brother and his mother are dead.
He says.
His mother died.
They kiss and have brief sex.
Lily now considers Jarrod her boyfriend and hangs out.
They set a date one night to see a film.
Jarrod fails to turn up.
He comes.
He was depressed and needed to be alone.
He later says.
He has to kill a man who used to bully him in high school  but laments he has no car to get there.
Lily asks her brother Damon.
He agrees to drive Jarrod and Lily.
Damon offers Lily and Jarrod apples to eat.
Jarrod takes a bite only to discover.
His apple is rotten.
He throws it into a river.
They are driving past.
This apple then becomes the representation in several claymation scenes of the film.
Damon and Lily discover.
The family is just as bizarre.
Jarrod s sister and brother-in-law seem to sell all kinds from home products  like questionable make-up kits  knives  and their own athletic jumpsuit clothing line Awesome apparel.
Jarrod s dad  Jonah  is a withdrawn man.
Jarrod spends his time alternating.
It becomes clear.
His father loved his other son Gordon much more.
Gordon was very successful  winning many ribbons.
Jarrod says.
When Lily asks how Gordon died.
He died saving a kid.
Lily meets - to find out.
Eric will return the next day.
The three then creep up.
Gordon s fiancee  Tracy  comes over.
She seems to be a person to Gordon.
Jarrod s father even loves her more.
Jarrod tries to impress his father.
He s dating Lily.
Father is nt impressed.
The two go.
Lily finds a rock shaped.
She shows Jarrod.
He tells her.
He must break up.
He s too busy and too complex for a relationship.
Lily is visibly upset but tries to hide it.
Jarrod takes flowers over and spends the day with her on the beach trying to impress her with his fighting skills.
She is nt impressed.
Meanwhile  it s been revealed.
Jarrod has a little girl.
Lily and the girl walk around town coming to a hill.
He refuses to go any farther  holding the wheels and finally getting up out of his wheelchair and walking himself and his wheelchair home  exposing.
He does nt need it.
Lily and the girl continue up the hill.
Where the girl says that That s where my Uncle Gordon died  revealing that Gordon did not die saving a kid as Jarrod had said  but by committing suicide.
They return.
Home and the family eats dinner.
Lily tells.
A silly joke and the whole group gets along very well.
Jarrod comes home to find the group laughing and then kills the mood.
He d been all day and that they d been laughing harder.
Jarrod s father Jonah spends most.
He felt.
Gordon wins the race and is congratulated obsessively by his father.
Tracy comes over.
The two are celebrating.
Jarrod then attempts to come over and is pushed away.
Seeing his father watching this and feeling even more alienated  Jarrod announces.
He is dating Tracy.
Jonah is crushed.
Lily  annoyed  leaves the house and takes her sleeping bag from the tent  choosing to sleep over on the other side of the yard instead  stubbornly refusing Jarrod s offer to use it.
He moves the tent and sleeps inside it.
Annoyed  Lily decides to go with Doug and Nancy to a local party.
She gets very drunk and dances.
Jarrod jealously looks on.
Eventually  she runs off  ripping off all her clothes and sleeping somewhere.
She returns.
Jerrod tells her.
He did nt get any sleep that night worrying.
That afternoon  Jarrod   confronts Eric and finds out.
Eric is paralyzed and uses a wheelchair.
Eric apologizes.
He bullied him.
Jarrod attacks him.
Eric is able to easily wrestle Jarrod to the ground and only relents in his attacks.
When Jarrod s father tells him to leave him alone.
Jarrod is depressed.
Eric but Lily finds him and attempts to cheer him up.
Lily tells him she is leaving.
That could change.
Jarrod is waiting for her  presenting her with a bouquet of lillies.
They reconcile  and ride back together.
<EOS>
The God-forsaken village Morke can be found on any map  the Journalist Jacob follows his ex-brother-in anchor there.
His wheelchair-using sister Julie has yet been put.
Jacob and his family are stunned  no one can understand her suicide.
This is again.
When he anchors his brother-in Morke finding out.
Before the marriage and again the woman sits.
Can it still be a coincidence  or is it the pattern.
Who marries women and murdered on their wedding night.
Danish Thriller Morke Gets English Remake.
<EOS>
This film is allegedly based.
Rogers  a man.
Who   lived along the banks of the Navidad River in Sublime  Texas - the same area where the original legend of the Wild Man of the Navidad surfaced back in the late.
The film follows Dale  his wheelchair-using wife Jean  and her oft-shirtless  lazy-eyed caretaker Mario.
Dale has resisted opening up the land.
Their ranch sits.
But  Dale gives in and opens the gate to his compound.
Then the hunters become the hunted.
<EOS>
Jonny  an awkward painting student  is banished to the remote island of Eleuthera to focus on his work and find his voice.
But first he finds Romeo  a handsome  self-confident guy.
Who shows Jonny the scenic spots  and a bit more.
Romeo s got a girlfriend  however  as well as a blustery mother.
Who willfully ignores any clue or hint he drops to set her straight.
Meanwhile  Lena  a pastor s wife has also made her way to contemplate her future in relative calm.
Tired  while refusing to own up to the cruelty and contradictions in his private life  Lena has a decision to make.
Children is the religious expression used by Christians to refer to human divinity as being all God s Children.
Four Bahamian individuals.
Who set out from the frenetic energy of Nassau to the slower-paced and open Eleuthera.
The year is.
When the Caribbean world is rocked.
Actual documentary footage details the mass hysteria lead widespread rallies.
Divides the Caribbean.
Jonny  a young obsessive-compulsive suicidal white Bahamian artist  faces losing his scholarship.
He does not live up.
Jonny escapes to the under populated and dramatic Bahamian island of Eleuthera.
Here he decides to paint his masterpiece and then kill himself.
Lena Mackey is an extremely conservative forty year old anti-gay activist.
Who upon finding out that her husband is not who he represents himself to be.
She believes.
The only way to fix problems is to limit the rights of homosexuals.
She heads for the purpose of galvanizing the community to oppose gay rights.
Lena paths cross and together these two embark that not only inspire Jonny to paint but gives him a new zest for life.
<EOS>
Chan investigates a murder.
Toller was during the filming of this.
So much is carried by the comedic interplay between 2 Son and chauffeur  Birmingham Brown.
<EOS>
Consumed  a man  his mistress and his wife involve three children in their own games-with tragic results.
She leaves.
Sokichi stops providing his mistress.
Her three children are also his  and disappears.
Sokichi is bewildered.
His wife is livid.
With regard only  they go about remedying their situation.
<EOS>
Archie Andrews is a vegan kindergarten teacher.
Who buys products.
He is developing an engine.
The blood falls.
Filters and then causes it to run.
Andrews then tests his car out and offers a ride.
Who runs a meat stand and is a rival.
He drives her home  but runs out.
Denise expresses an interest.
Archie turns.
They do not provide sufficient blood.
He turns  and eventually  settles for any victim after rebuilding a more efficient blood engine.
The government   eventually offers him any position.
Has been tracking Archie s progress.
He wants.
His existence is erased.
Archie is concerned.
Where the fuel will come from.
The federal agents promise him.
It will come.
Archie agrees.
Images are cut with the government agents murdering Lorraine  Denise  his kindergarten students  and anyone.
Saw him developing the Blood Car.
<EOS>
Ganda Berunda tells the story.
Who search.
The villain simultaneously appoints a group to locate and find the treasure and assures them of a share in the treasure.
<EOS>
The Turtles are quick to refute their master Splinter s accusations.
When a battle appear to be the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles is captured on film.
Breaking  the Turtles discover.
Their impostors are   versions of them from another dimension.
The other dimensional 1987 Turtles prove to be too childish.
They are soon able to discern.
They were teleported in a dimensional portal accident that has also brought their arch-enemies  Shredder and Krang  and their battle fortress  the Technodrome  along with them.
The eight Turtles head.
Their presence together only clues Shredder.
There may be a version on this world that he can ally with to take the Turtles down.
The Technodrome escapes.
The Turtles  unable to track it  resolve to create a portal device and obtain the gear the 1987 Turtles usually use to take the Technodrome down.
They can travel.
Shredder uses the Technodrome s technology to locate his dimensional counterpart  the Utrom known.
The Turtles are occupied.
Ch ` rell  still.
Ch ` rell is teleported  immediately overthrows his bumbling other-self and seizes control of the fortress with the aid of his adopted daughter  Karai  and tracked him down after realizing.
Who had been monitoring his movements.
He had escaped his frozen prison.
Using Dimension X technology and Utrom science to create a new robotic exoskeleton  Ch ` rell dispatches his right-hand man Hun.
Who has been mutated after being doused with mutagen from the 1987 universe in the earlier battle  to track the Turtles down.
Hun finds and attacks the Turtles lair.
The eight reptiles complete their dimensional portal stick and escape.
Unfortunately  Splinter is captured and brought before the Utrom Shredder to serve as bait in a trap.
The 2003 Turtles meet the 1987 universe versions  and then return to the 2003 universe with the 1987 Turtles vehicles  the Party Wagon and Turtle Blimp.
However  they discover.
The Utrom Shredder has fused the sciences of the Utroms and Dimension X and rebuilt the Technodrome as a truly terrifying war machine  filled with legions of improved robotic Foot Soldiers and mutated Purple Dragons.
Entering the fortress to recover Splinter  the Turtles are defeated.
The Utrom Shredder then reveals his master plan  He has discovered.
Using 1987 Shredder s to survey the multiverse.
Knowing  2003 Shredder decided to destroy them.
The turtles would stand in his way to conquer those worlds.
The Utrom Shredder scans the eight Turtles  each secured  to locate the base similarities between them.
Will pinpoint the location.
The brothers apparently do not survive the process.
However  the Turtles reappear  having been saved by Karai  would also spell their own destruction.
The Utrom Shredder has teleported.
Who has realized her father s mad ambition.
The Utrom Shredder s plan goes.
The criminals stole  in order to upgrade their dimensional portal stick and follow the Utrom Shredder.
They re attacked.
Who s still seeking revenge.
However   Hun surrenders the tech.
When he sees what s happening.
Before he s erased.
The Turtles accomplish their task.
Are whisked away from whence all Turtle realities sprang.
They are attacked.
They eventually manage to convince their ferocious progenitors to help them save all.
The twelve Turtles   Karai  and even the 1987 Shredder and Krang  engage the Utrom Shredder in battle.
He grows using molecular amplification technology from Dimension X and seems impervious to their attacks.
However  his armor is damaged.
When the Utrom Shredder is accidentally clipped from the Technodrome.
The Turtles all try to force him.
It is abruptly cut off when Rocksteady trips.
Unplugs it.
The Utrom Shredder takes this opportunity to grab the 1984 Turtles and begins crushing them.
The world begins to fade.
As the 2003 world did.
The Utrom Shredder hesitates.
When he notices that he too is fading.
Karai attempts to appeal  telling him  including him.
What he s trying to do will destroy them all.
But the Utrom Shredder has become too obsessed and decides  and resumes his assault.
He does nt care.
The 1987 Turtles throw explosive throwing stars at him  causing him to trip and drop the 1984 Turtles.
The Utrom Shredder resumes his attack.
Bebop plugs the beam power cable back and thus inadvertently obliterates the Utrom Shredder.
The Turtles watch.
Their foe defeated.
Their respective realities restore themselves.
The 1987 characters take the Technodrome and return.
The 2003 characters use the portal stick to return.
The 1984 Turtles decide to go get some pizza to eat   Peter Laird and Kevin Eastman put the finishing touches on the first issue of Eastman and Laird s Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles  expressing the hope.
The book will sell.
<EOS>
Joel Reynolds is the owner and founder.
His marriage is now completely sexless.
His business is successful.
His best friend Dean  a bartender and pothead  offers to ease his mind.
The straight-laced Joel refuses.
One day  a series occurs at the extract factory  resulting in an employee  Step  losing a testicle.
Cindy  a con artist and drifter  reads a news story and gets a job at the factory  flirting with Joel.
Order to find out more information.
He changes his mind  and hires ambulance-chasing lawyer Joe Adler.
Step initially decides not to sue the company.
Joel entertains the idea with Cindy  but still loves Suzie and would not want to have any regrets.
Dean suggests hiring a gigolo to seduce his wife.
That Joel can then have a guilt-free affair.
Joel initially balks at the idea  but -- -- eventually.
His judgment is impaired.
Accepts. 
The two hire Brad to pose and have an affair with Suzie.
The next morning  Joel sobers up and realizes.
What he has done and tries to stop Brad.
He is too late  Brad and Suzie have begun an affair.
Brad falls with Suzie and wants to run away with her.
Joel attempts to call Cindy  but soon realizes.
He is calling Willie s number.
Just then  Cindy walks.
Willie realizes  they re a couple.
Joel is trying to make time.
-RSB- and Willie furiously punches Joel.
Joel meets to discuss the terms of the settlement.
The workers  believing  organize a strike.
The meeting is by General Mills.
Frustrated and the disrespect from his employees  Joel storms out and goes home.
Where Suzie admits that she had an affair.
Joel admits.
He hired Brad to do so  and leaves the house to escape her wrath.
Joel moves.
Where he spots Cindy staying.
He notices a purse stolen  and realizes  but behind a lot of the problems at the company.
When he goes.
She is not only a thief.
He begins to leave and call the police  but softens.
When Cindy breaks down.
The two spend the night together.
The next morning  Cindy disappears  but leaves the stolen items behind.
Step meets at the factory to tell him.
He is dropping the lawsuit.
Joel promotes him.
Meanwhile   Suzie loses her temper and tells him   he collapses and dies.
Cleaning the pool herself.
What she really thinks.
As she is finishing her tirade.
Feeling  Suzie attends the funeral.
She may have caused his death.
Where she runs.
The two share a ride home  hinting at a possible reconciliation.
It is revealed  replacing it.
Cindy has scammed Adler also and ends up stealing his luxury car.
<EOS>
Standing Ovation tells the story  five middle school friends.
Who form a singing group to compete.
The group encounter their share  especially with their arch rivals  The Wiggies  a group composed of five talented sisters.
Who  together  will do anything to sabotage the Ovations  chances of competing for the grand prize of $ 1 million.
Armed  the 5 Ovations find something more valuable at the end of their quest.
Perseverance  family and friendship are instrumental.
<EOS>
Review is the sad and lonely new kid in town.
Kevin is befriended on the bus ride home by a sweet girl.
Who offers him a sympathetic ear.
She drops her pencil.
Kevin picks it  only to find.
The girl has vanished.
Her name is inscribed.
The next time Kevin sees Tracy  she gives him a bus safety manual and begs him to read it.
The other kids wonder.
Who he s talking.
Then Kevin finds out.
Tracy is a ghost.
She died.
She used to live.
What s more.
The bus safety manual goes unread  so an invisible Tracy haunts Kevin.
He s working out.
She moves his weights around and floats the manual over to him.
Finally  he agrees to read it.
The next time Kevin sees Tracy  she explains  so she did nt know and others.
She never read the bus safety manual.
What do to save herself.
When the time came.
Then  suddenly  a pickup truck strikes Kevin s bus  knocking out the driver and sending the bus hurtling off the road and dangling.
Remembering  Kevin gets all the kids safely.
What he d read.
Then he revives the driver and gets him out.
The bus plunges off the cliff and crashes.
Kevin is a hero  the kids cheer him.
He s forgotten.
Refusing to believe  Kevin scours the area.
Tracy went down.
Finally  she calls out.
He sees her  she waves him a sad goodbye  and vanishes  fading away.
Kevin is heartbroken.
<EOS>
Still haunted.
Allows him to enter other people s dreams  and memories dying when he was a child.
Slowly drowns.
Yukie Mashiro  having heard rumours  visits his home to beg for his help.
She tells him she suffers.
Are getting scarier.
The murderous ghost has already killed two of her friends.
She s afraid.
She s the next to die.
She believes.
Only Kagenuma could save her.
Kagenuma ignores her pleas.
Yukie  refusing to give up  returns every day to change his mind.
Kagenuma finally decides to take.
It  however  demands.
Than he expected to give while it leads him.
<EOS>
Music superstar Bud Parks  along  Terri Jo  return to his small hometown  fictional Doak City  Indiana  for his paternal grandfather s 80th birthday.
Initially  the visit is.
Bud receives.
A hero s welcome.
But quickly turns.
What is supposed to be a three-day visit.
J.
Invites Bud   Speck.
Is met by Bud s father.
P.
J.
Confesses. 
She has sex.
Speck  a successful poultry farmer  is shown early on to be a chauvinistic and dominating womanizer.
He fathered an illegitimate son.
His wife  Marian  stayed.
Speck refers as a sire and the women.
Who bore his children.
He is revealed to be dominating  violent  exploitive and shameless  to the point of even making a pass at Bud s wife.
Bud and Alice seem to have a good marriage.
She is clearly very devoted.
But.
J.
S affair  Bud has sex with P.
J.
As well.
P.
J.
Seems to view her sexual encounters and take pride in simultaneously having three Parks men as lovers.
She also seems to view her promiscuity  and the need to keep it secret.
Who resides.
The three days turn.
Bud s feelings for P.
J.
Are rekindled.
He neglects Alice.
Already disillusioned and thinking about leaving it  he realizes.
He s a small-town man and wants to stay in Doak City  where many of his relatives still reside.
His anger also escalates.
California-bred Alice continues to love her husband but quickly becomes tired.
She accuses Bud.
He does nt deny it.
She leaves.
Bud tries to get P.
J.
Back. 
She reveals.
She wanted that many years earlier  but that he would nt make a commitment.
It s too late now.
Frustrated and angry  Bud confronts Speck.
Speck shows no interest or sympathy but expresses displeasure in having received none of the millions of dollars.
Bud has made.
He sired Bud.
Bud warns Speck to make no further sexual advances and  in a rage  knocks the food and tableware off the table.
He is viciously beaten.
Bud gets up to leave.
Feeling  Bud gets drunk and performs a stunt.
He s hit rock bottom.
He lies and has one of his friends push the cage onto the road.
The truck is moving.
He wakes up lying.
Standing are P.
J.
His sister Sally Cutler and his paternal grandmother.
Alice returns and seems willing to take Bud back.
He will be honest.
Having been rejected.
J.
He and Alice reconcile.
<EOS>
Generals Miki and Washizu are Samurai commanders.
Who reigns.
They return to Tsuzuki s castle.
They meet a spirit.
Who foretells their future.
The spirit tells them.
Miki will now command Fort One.
She then foretells.
Washizu will eventually become Lord.
Finally she tells Miki.
His son will also become lord.
He rewards them.
When the two return.
What the spirit had predicted.
She manipulates him.
Washizu discusses this.
When he visits.
Washizu kills him.
Who gives sake  causing them to fall asleep.
Asaji grabs the bloody spear and puts it.
When Washizu returns at his deed.
She then yells murder.
Washizu slays the guard.
He has a chance to plead his innocence.
Tsuzuki s vengeful son Kunimaru and a rival named Noriyasu both suspect Washizu as the murderous traitor and try to warn Miki.
Who refuses to believe what they are saying.
Washizu  though  is unsure  but he wants to trust his friend.
He still plans to let Miki s son be his heir.
He and Asaji have been unable to bear a child.
Washizu plans to tell Miki and his son at a grand banquet.
Asaji tells him.
She is pregnant  which leaves him.
Begins losing control.
He is clearly agitated  and.
He reveals his betrayal to all by exclaiming  going so far as unsheathing his sword and striking over Miki s mat.
He is willing to slay Miki.
Asaji  attempting to pick up the pieces  tells the guests.
He is drunk and that they must retire.
Then one arrive with the severed head of Miki.
The guard also tells them.
Miki s son escaped.
Later  distraught with the impending battle with his foes  he returns to the forest to summon the spirit.
She tells him.
He will not be defeated unless the very trees rise against the castle.
Washizu believes and is confident.
This is impossible.
Washizu knows  so he tells his troops.
He must kill all his enemies.
They share his confidence.
He then finds Asaji  trying to wash clean the imaginary foul stench of blood from her hands  obviously distraught at her grave misdeeds.
Distracted  he investigates and is told by a panicked soldier.
The trees have risen to attack us.
The prophecy has come true.
Washizu is doomed.
They remain still.
Washizu tries to get his troops.
Finally they turn and begin firing arrows at him as revenge for his traitorous actions.
Washizu finally succumbs.
As his enemies approach the castle gates.
It is revealed.
The attacking force is using trees cut down to disguise and protect themselves in their advance on the castle.
<EOS>
The narrator  Tommy  is young  clever  charming  and attractive.
He s got a smart  pretty girlfriend  Beth  a young Manhattanite and urban conservationist.
He s also very good  impressing his ruthless  cynical boss  Cash.
Tommy needs to fill his spot quickly  and takes a chance  a former avionics engineer and computer geek.
When a key member suddenly leaves for a competitor.
Who seems a bit naive and a bit nervous around women.
Tommy takes Daniel  showing him.
How to dress  where to socialize  and how to charm attractive women.
Their relationship is threatened.
When Daniel begins spending more time  joining her book club  and becoming her confidant.
Tommy begins to question his decision to share his wisdom.
Daniel is forced to decide what success really means  and where his loyalties lie.
<EOS>
Major Hank Marshall and his wife Carly are having marital problems because of the pressures of his job and her mental illness.
Hank is a nuclear engineer.
Who favors underground nuclear testing and is.
Carly is a free spirit.
Who appears to be mentally unbalanced and who is slowly being suffocated and encroaching age.
Her behavior is  to say the least  embarrassing  especially in the confines of a military base.
Her husband s reactions are among the most interesting aspects of the movie.
The family s move alarms the couple s oldest daughter  Alex  and sends Carly into an affair with the base commander  Vince Johnson.
<EOS>
The film follows Anthony Argo  an Italian Australian boxer.
Who is pushed to attain success in the ring.
However   he begins to see the violence differently and turns his back on his father s dreams to be with her.
When he meets Kate  a girl.
However   Anthony begins to train harder than ever.
When one his father s students turns his back.
<EOS>
The unnamed chief protagonist  identified  has established a successful business in London buying  cutting  and selling cocaine.
Disliking guns  and considering himself a businessman  he leaves the more violent aspects to his contact Gene.
Gene is assisted.
Who had previously spent.
Having made his fortune  he plans to retire.
His plans go awry.
When his powerful supplier Jimmy Price sends him to track down Charlie  the teenage daughter  Eddie Temple  who has fled a rehabilitation centre with her drug-addicted boyfriend.
To help track her down XXXX enlists the help.
Price instructs XXXX to organize the purchase and distribution of one million ecstasy tablets from a brash  low-level gangster named The Duke.
Unbeknownst  the pills have been stolen from a gang of Serbian war criminals in the Netherlands.
Meanwhile  XXXX encounters The Duke s idiotic nephew  Sidney  and becomes attracted to Sidney s bored girlfriend Tammy.
XXXX tries to broker the sale to Liverpudlian gangsters Trevor and Shanks.
They refuse  informing him.
The Serbians have sent a ruthless hitman  Dragan  to find the pills and kill those responsible.
He too is now.
The Duke erroneously referenced XXXX s name.
Members soon begin turning up dead and The Duke.
Himself goes missing.
XXXX arranges a tryst.
He is kidnapped.
It can be consummated.
Temple informs him.
Jimmy had lost millions and is now hoping to sell the pills to recoup his losses.
He demands instead.
XXXX sell the pills  and plays him a tape indicating that Jimmy has been a long term informant for Scotland Yard and intends to betray XXXX to the police as soon as the deal is done.
XXXX shoots and kills Jimmy but foolishly does.
That Gene had used to commit a prior murder.
XXXX then discovers.
His accountant  whom Jimmy referred  has embezzled his money and disappeared.
Gene and Morty   recognize XXXX as the new boss and show him the corpse of The Duke.
Whom Gene had killed along.
XXXX delivers the severed head to Dragan as a peace offering.
To recoup something  XXXX arranges a con.
Which the police appear to raid The Duke s hideout and confiscate the drugs  which satisfies Dragan.
The police are Cody and Tiptoes.
Who return the drugs.
However   Temple steals the drugs at gunpoint and gives XXXX a welcome to the layer cake in the form of a membership to the Stoke Park Club.
When he attempts to sell them.
Which both he and Jimmy were members.
However  suspecting betrayal  XXXX has arranged to steal the drugs from Temple s men.
The final scene has the gang assembled at the Stoke Club  proclaiming XXXX their new boss.
However  he demurs  stating his intention to stick.
Leaving the club he addresses the audience about his own caution and cleverness before being shot without warning by Sidney.
XXXX is seen bleeding  his fate left uncertain.
The film fades out.
<EOS>
Two clownfish  Marlin and his wife Coral are admiring their new home.
Are due to hatch.
Suddenly  a barracuda attacks them  leaving Marlin unconscious.
Marlin names this egg Nemo  a name.
Coral liked.
The film then moves.
Nemo has a tiny right fin  due to his egg from the barracuda attack.
Limits his swimming ability.
Nemo disobeys his father and sneaks away from the reef towards a boat  resulting in him being captured by scuba divers.
Away  one of the divers accidentally knocks his diving mask into the water.
Marlin meets Dory  a naive but good-hearted and optimistic Regal blue tang.
Unsuccessfully attempting to save Nemo.
Marlin discovers the diver s mask.
Meeting three sharks  Bruce  a great white shark  Anchor  a hammerhead shark  and Chum  a mako shark.
Was dropped an address written on it.
However   the scent causes Bruce to lose control of himself and attempt to eat Marlin and Dory.
When he argues and accidentally gives her a nosebleed.
The two escape falls into a trench in the deep sea.
Dory realizes.
She is able to read the address written.
Marlin and Dory accidentally run into a bloom of jellyfish  Marlin falls exhausted after the risky escape and wakes up to see a surf-cultured sea turtle named Crush.
Nearly sting them.
Who takes Dory and him.
Marlin reluctantly shares the details of his journey with a group of young sea turtles  his story spreads rapidly across the ocean through word of mouth and eventually finds Nemo in Sydney.
Meanwhile  Nemo s captor - P.
Sherman  a dentist - places him.
There  Nemo meets  led.
A group called the Tank Gang.
The Tank Gang includes Bloat  a puffer fish  Bubbles  a Yellow Tang  Peach  a starfish  Gurgle  a Royal gramma  Jacques  a pacific cleaner shrimp  and Deb  a Blacktailed Humbug.
The fish are frightened to learn.
The dentist plans to give Nemo  Darla.
She is infamous.
Gill gives Nemo a role.
Order to avoid this fate.
Involves jamming the tank s filter and forcing the dentist to remove the fish.
The fish would be placed.
Which point they would roll out the window.
Nemo succeeds in jamming the filter.
The plan backfires.
When the dentist installs a new high-tech filter.
Marlin and Dory become.
Lost and are engulfed.
Marlin desperately tries to escape.
Dory communicates in.
The whale carries them to Sydney Harbour and expels them through his blowhole.
They are met.
Who recognizes Marlin he has heard and rescues him and Dory from a flock of hungry seagulls by scooping them into his beak and taking them to the dentist s office.
Darla has arrived.
The dentist is prepared to give Nemo.
Nemo tries to play dead  and  at the same time  Nigel arrives.
Marlin sees Nemo and mistakes this act.
Gill helps Nemo escape through a sink after a chaotic struggle.
Overcome  Marlin leaves Dory and begins to swim back home.
Dory then loses her memory and becomes confused  but meets Nemo.
Who has reached the ocean.
Dory s memory is restored and  remembering her journey  she guides Nemo.
She reads the word Sydney.
Dory is caught in a fishing net with a school of grouper.
Nemo bravely enters the net and directs the group to swim downward to break the net  reminiscent.
Occurred earlier.
The fish   succeed in breaking the net and escape.
Nemo leaves for school once more.
Marlin watches.
Who is no longer overprotective or doubtful  proudly.
Nemo swim away.
Back  the high-tech filter breaks down.
The Tank Gang have escaped.
However  they realize.
They are confined that the dentist put them into when cleaning the tank.
<EOS>
Patricia Cross and her boyfriend Larry Osborne  two students  become expelled for the publication of an off-campus underground paper.
A philosophy professor  Dr Jonathon Barnett  resigns his teaching position and decides to become an advocate for the counterculture youth movement and  specifically  the use of LSD.
The hippies first see him as a hero.
Then even more.
Dr Barnett even makes.
An appearance show to voice his support of the hippie community and the use of LSD.
One scheming young man sees the opportunity to build Dr Barnett.
He hopes to earn profit.
Patricia begins to have a bad trip.
Leads  ultimately splitting the couple up.
Dr Barnett advises her to have an abortion  ultimately leading.
Patricia realizes that she s pregnant.
However  Larry saves her and makes the destruction his primary objective.
Larry shoots Dr Barnett of his massive speeches.
Elliot sees his new leader  Larry realizes.
His assassination simply made him a martyr for the hippie movement.
<EOS>
Three buddies steal a luxury car  landing them with everyone  including a brutal killer  one of the friends  former wife and a gorgeous women.
They meet.
Who seems.
X3 TroubleThe Straits Times.
<EOS>
Mary  an orphan lives.
She is good and is artistically talented.
Her education was being sponsored by a philanthropist.
An old man  gets to know of the fact.
She has never met her sponsor.
He is the sponsor.
Her sponsor one day passes away.
Her dreams of a college education are ruined.
She struggles to get educated further.
Mr Robert Brown   agrees to continue her sponsorship.
Who is now.
Bob is a bachelor.
Mary falls with Bob.
She learns.
Love comes when you least expect it.
A new patron comes.
Love threatens to get.
Anokha Rishta  perfectly harmonizing  is the story of an unusual relationship between Mary and Robert Brown.
Teenager Mary is an orphan and lives.
Her education had been sponsored.
He comes to know of this sponsorship.
When Robert takes independent charge.
Being benevolent  he decides to continue it in his father s name itself.
Mary has never met her sponsor.
She even does not know him.
The identity of her sponsor is uncle only.
Her uncle always responds.
A youth loves her.
She ignores his advances.
Robert has always been in love with Dr Pramila.
Due  they could not marry.
However being mature and true lovers  they chose not to marry somebody else too and decided to remain bachelors only.
The twist comes.
Mary coming in a party and despite himself being more than double of her age  falls in love with him.
She expresses her feelings.
He discourages her.
Maintaining a benevolent attitude.
Wanting her to lead a happy life  Robert helps Mary s lover to come closer and guides him to grow up  besides giving him a job in his own office.
Mary  being mad without knowing  keeps on living in her dreamy world of a married life with Robert.
He only is her sponsor and ` her uncle  whom she writes and gets letters from.
Her problem is.
She can not share her feelings and mental agony because all the incoming and outgoing letters of Mary are screened first by the head of the orphanage.
Finally   she decides to become a nun and writes a final letter to the head of the orphanage to deliver it to ` her uncle  without opening it and reading its content.
When Robert breaks her heart.
Dr Pramila  knowing all these developments  tries to stop Mary.
She remains firm.
Now her lover also gets desperate.
Finally the onus falls.
To do something to prevent Mary and that leads to the highly emotional and impressive climax.
<EOS>
Alex Holbeck is recruited.
He is sent to steal an Enigma code scrambler.
This is part.
Is planned.
Is. 
What Alex does nt know.
The CIA already has a code scrambler.
They are trying to convince the Russians.
They do nt have it.
Alex finds.
The KGB knows he is there.
Alex must use numerous disguises and escape.
He seeks shelter.
This is too dangerous.
Karen and a number are taken and assaulted by the police in an attempt to gain information about Alex s whereabouts.
Alex enlists Karen s help again  she seduces Dimitri Vasilikov  the KGB man.
He gets more desperate.
Order to obtain information.
Dimitri catches Alex and Karen and finds the scrambler hidden in an exhibition artifact.
He lets.
He is.
Them go  however  keeping the scrambler which was.
The assassination attempt is successfully thwarted.
<EOS>
Herzog and cinematographer Peter Zeitlinger go to meet people  and to capture footage of the continent s unique locations.
Who live and work there.
Herzog s voiceover narration explains.
His film will not be a typical Antarctica film  but will explore the dreams of the people and the landscape.
They begin and interview some maintenance and support workers  as well as iceberg geologist Douglas MacAyeal.
They travel next.
Next they join the film s composer/producer  research diver Henry Kaiser  and interview cell biologist Samuel Bowser and zoologist Jan Pawlowski.
Kaiser and Bowser stage a rooftop guitar concert.
Herzog and Zeitlinger return for some more interviews  and visit the preserved original base of Ernest Shackleton.
Herzog interviews penguin scientist David Ainley.
This footage includes a shot.
Herzog and Zeitlinger next visit Mount Erebus  and interview volcanologists.
A strange sequence follows.
Was shot.
Various trinkets and mementos   are placed in carved-out shelves in the ice walls  and preserved by the extremely cold and dry air.
Herzog and Zeitlinger explore inside ice caves formed by fumaroles.
The film next visits the launch and features an interview with physicist Peter Gorham.
The film concludes.
<EOS>
A young Pakistani man  graduates  and chases corporate success on Wall Street.
He finds himself embroiled.
<EOS>
Vincent Van Horst is a hard-drinking bon viveur.
Who loves his freedom and his women.
He leaves Europe   and moves to Canada  intending to meet up with Maria  the only woman.
Is torn apart.
He ever loved.
He meets a young boy.
Who dreams.
He finds her looking older.
When Vincent arrives.
He finds consolation.
Who looks down and drives Vincent and Olivier to fight a duel against each other.
<EOS>
Young David seems to have a normal middle-class life.
David is forced to become parent and caregiver to his alcoholic mother.
When David s father leaves his alcoholic wife.
Theater coach Kenny becomes enamoured.
Overwhelmed  David is weakened and falls prey to the taboo.
Giving in  David becomes involved with drugs and alcohol.
<EOS>
Yeh hui.
Na mardon wali baat or Now that s more like a man is the Pakistani contribution.
It has taken a rather peculiar angle to look.
There are nt any.
It s a film.
The film looks through the eyes of women.
The only common bond is.
They all hail.
Husbands  fathers  lovers etc.
These women talk as brothers.
A sort emerges.
What does the society these women come  expect of a man.
<EOS>
Taxi dancer Madeleine McGonegle attracts the attention.
They get married to avoid a scandal.
When she become pregnant.
Madeleine runs away  to give Paul the divorce.
When the baby dies.
She thinks he wants.
There  she meets Panama Canal Kelly  an old friend.
Who proposed before he went west.
Undeterred  he asks her again to get married.
She eventually agrees.
He shows up.
When Paul discovers where she is.
As the couple is about to be wed.
He bows out.
When Panama overhears Madeleine confess her love.
<EOS>
Passengers on a city bus must decide.
What they are willing to sacrifice after it is hijacked by a couple of countryside crooks.
It is based.
Involved women being raped  one and the other in a bus  while a crowd of people stood by and did nothing to intervene.
The crooks take over.
The passengers must decide.
Much they are willing to risk.
<EOS>
Past demons reveal themselves.
When a dysfunctional family gathers at their New England home.
<EOS>
Jeannie MacLean  a poor Vermont girl  unexpectedly is left $.
She decides to fulfill her lifetime wish.
She meets inventor Stanley Smith.
Who helps her find suitable lodging.
A local lord  Jimmy MacNairn  has royal heritage.
He mistakenly believes Jeannie to be an American millionaire.
Jimmy falls with her.
Showing her.
Jeannie declines his marriage proposal and returns home.
Stanley shows up  realizing.
He loves her.
<EOS>
A flight is diverted to land in Las Vegas  Nevada.
When one becomes violent and attacks a stewardess.
Ralph had been bitten.
Is really a lab rat  brought by Henry for his school students.
Ralph is restrained  but.
Before he bites the flight attendant Paula.
The plane is forced to make an emergency landing.
Air traffic control refuses to let it approach the gate.
It has landed.
Disobeying orders  Captain Forrest and his co-pilot Willsy find.
A jetway operated.
Almost everyone evacuates the plane.
Who try to keep the violent Ralph contained.
However  they learn.
They have been locked out.
Soon  armed soldiers and what appear to be CDC.
Scientists surround the terminal.
One  a military medic named Shilah Washington  reveals.
She has a medical kit.
The lead flight attendant Jenny  Henry  Ed  Nial Britz  and Preston sneak back.
They retrieve Shilah s kit and Nial s gun.
They try to leave the hold.
Jenny is attacked and kills him.
It seems.
Some had gotten into Nial s eye.
They also discover.
Ralph has escaped.
They begin to realize.
When they meet up.
The infection is probably a form.
Doc is bitten.
The group decide to lock him and Paula away to prevent further infection.
George  an unaccompanied minor  accuses Henry.
Jenny talks and asks.
George s accusations are true.
They reconcile  and are then attacked.
When Henry tells Jenny that George is just confused.
Jenny and Henry kill Ralph by strangling him.
A team administer drugs to the group  and release the infected passengers from their confinement.
An elderly woman named Louise Treadwell  is bitten.
She can receive the drugs.
Doc  also infected  bites one.
The officers and one of the passengers attempt to evacuate but are shot and killed by personnel outside the doors.
Ed drags one surviving officer back inside  and the group hides.
The passengers realize.
When they reach the catering truck.
Nial is infected.
He grabs and attacks his wife.
The group question the wounded officer  but rather the Department called Chemical Biological Domestic Terrorism.
Who reveals that he does not represent the CDC.
He tells them.
Housed a bioterrorist group s lab.
The drugs are experimental antidotes  which Shilah had strongly suspected.
The wounded officer grabs Nial s gun and kills himself.
Ed soon reveals.
He tries to give them details  but Ed is attacked from the roof of the truck.
George pushes a button to raise the truck.
Willsy is crushed.
The survivors try to access an old drainage tunnel.
Which they can escape the airport.
One is attacked.
Jenny  George  Shilah and Ed run away.
Henry is nowhere to be found.
They keep running.
Jenny comes face to face.
She kills Paula.
They reach the engineer s office and start looking.
The group is confronted and kills them to save the group.
George snoops  discovering alarming documents relating to viruses  along with a vial and syringe.
The others realize.
Henry has been bitten.
George confronts him.
He found.
Henry admits.
Who have planned a worldwide plague.
Ed attempts to grab Henry s gun.
Henry shoots and kills him.
Henry elaborates.
Administering himself.
He is part.
Henry kidnaps George and plans to use him  in case of attack.
Jenny tries to stop Henry.
Henry hits her.
Shilah and Jenny get.
Separated and Jenny encounters the infected Preston.
She manages to kill him.
Shilah finds Jenny again  but has been bitten.
Shilah allows herself to be attacked by the infected to give Jenny a better chance of survival.
Jenny finds George.
George tells Jenny and mutating.
Henry s antidote has failed and that Henry is now infected.
Henry attacks her.
When Jenny climbs down.
The night vision goggles fall.
George puts them on  sees the gun  and shoots Henry  thus saving Jenny.
Jenny and George escape.
The terminal begins to burn down.
George looks and sees.
When they are.
She has been bitten.
She begs George to leave her behind.
George refuses to go.
Jenny reluctantly agrees to follow.
George squeezes through the bars to escape.
George waits and calls out to her.
A savage and infected Jenny attacks George and grabs on.
George escapes.
George reluctantly leaves the now infected Jenny trapped.
The infected cat is seen walking past and  in the distance  to the Luxor Las Vegas.
<EOS>
A violent thunderstorm strands six people.
Who s traveling.
They are accompanied Ralph.
Who has picked up two hitchhikers  both British punk rock girls.
They all wind up.
Who appear to be toy makers.
The overnight guests are attacked by dolls.
Who turn out to be cursed  immoral people that have been killed and imprisoned.
Judy s father and stepmother end up being punished towards their daughter.
The two female punks are also punished.
One is brutally beaten by the dolls  smashing her into the bottom of the wall before dragging her into the attic to become one of them  the other is killed by a group of toy soldiers.
However.
Who are pure or young at heart.
Ralph was almost also killed for trying to prove the dolls are not alive out of fear.
The movie ends.
Who were knocked out during a brawl at the climax of the movie  leaving the house together after being bid farewell by Gabriel and Hilary  who even invite them to come back whenever they want  knowing they show respect to the childhood world and its mysteries.
Another car suddenly arrives and their car breaks down  seemingly stuck in the mud  yards from the mansion.
They both drive away.
<EOS>
This brief look at a frequently overlooked historical period of filmmaking acts as an introduction rather than a complete record.
Features interviews  like Fred Williamson  Pam Grier  and Richard Roundtree.
Director Melvin Van Peebles discusses the historical importance.
The excitable Quentin Tarantino offers.
His spirited commentary and author/critic bell hooks provides some scholarly social analysis.
The music is discussed  focusing on Curtis Mayfield s Super Fly and Isaac Hayes  Shaft.
Interviews are also featured.
BaadAsssss Cinema was originally shown as part of a week-long Blaxploitation film festival.
Larry Cohen Ron Finley Pam Grier Ed Guerrero Gloria Hendry bell hooks Samuel L.
Jackson Elvis Mitchell Afeni Shakur Quentin Tarantino Melvin Van Peebles Armond White Fred Williamson Isaac Hayes -- archive footage Roy Innis -- archive footage Jesse Jackson -- archive footage Ron ONeal -- archive footage Gordon Parks -- archive footage.
<EOS>
The film begins with the death of the king  Uther Pendragon.
Uther did not leave an heir.
It seemed.
The land would be torn.
Suddenly  the Sword appears in London  with an inscription proclaiming.
Whoso Pulleth Out This Sword  is Rightwise King Born of England.
None succeed.
Is soon forgotten  leaving England.
Many years later  Merlin  The world s most powerfull wizard.
Predicts. 
A small boy  named Arthur  will come.
Wart accidentally prevents Kay.
Accompanying his older foster brother Kay.
He goes to retrieve the arrow  and falls.
Merlin declares himself Wart s tutor and the two return  a castle run by Sir Ector  Arthur s foster father.
Ector will not allow him  so Merlin magically disappears.
Merlin convinces him that magic exists.
Persuades Ector to let Merlin stay.
Ector s friend  Sir Pellinore  arrives.
To be held in London  with the new development that the winner will become king.
Ector decides to put Kay and makes Wart his squire.
Merlin transforms Wart and himself.
They swim to learn about physics.
Wart is attacked and saved by Archimedes  Merlin s owl.
Wart is sent.
He tries relating his lesson.
Merlin enchants the dishes to wash themselves  then takes Wart and turns them into squirrels to learn about gravity.
Wart is almost eaten.
Has been trying to eat him  but is saved by a female squirrel who falls in love with him.
She traps the wolf.
He floats down the river to be never seen again.
Ector accuses Merlin.
They have returned.
Wart defends.
Merlin but Ector will not listen  punishing Wart.
After apologizing to Wart and resolving to redeem him  Merlin transforms him into a sparrow.
Archimedes  having charge  teaches Wart.
To fly.
Wart is attacked and flies down the witch Madam Mim s chimney.
Mim s magic uses trickery  as opposed.
Merlin arrives.
She nearly kills Arthur and challenges Mim.
Mim breaks the rules.
Merlin transforms himself.
Kay is knighted.
Hobbs comes down  Ector reinstates Wart as Kay s squire.
Merlin is disappointed.
Wart still prefers war games.
Wart tries to explain.
He s lucky to be Kay s squire and that Merlin s urgings that he aim for anything better are pointless.
This further aggravates Merlin .
Who Blow me to Bermuda.
Ector  Kay  Pellinore  Wart and Archimedes travel for the tournament.
Wart realises.
He has left Kay s sword.
Archimedes notices a sword in a nearby churchyard.
Wart pulls the sword  unwittingly fulfilling the prophecy.
Ector and Black Bart recognize it.
When Arthur returns.
The tournament is stopped.
Demanding  Ector replaces the sword.
Arthur prove he pulled it.
None can remove it as before.
Wart pulls it out again.
This time appear.
The sky grows brighter and miracles.
The knights all proclaim  Hail  King Arthur.
Arthur  crowned king  sits with Archimedes  yet feels unprepared to take the responsibility of royalty.
Overwhelmed  Arthur calls out to Merlin for help.
Who arrives and is elated to find that Arthur is the King that he saw in the future.
Merlin tells the boy.
He will lead the Knights  becoming one of the most famous figures in literature and even in motion pictures.
<EOS>
The film begins Vincent driving to a hospital.
Both seem to be shot and.
Joshua thinks back.
When his father was shot.
The film then flashes back and shows Joshua and his partner  Mickey visiting people.
Who owe Vincent money.
They visit a crazy druggie.
Who tells them that a small time drug dealer named Frankie Tahoe wants to kill Vincent.
Joshua and Mickey tell Vincent.
The trio goes.
Who works.
They intimidate him.
Where Frankie is.
They find Frankie.
Where Frankie insults Joshua  calling him Vincent s bitch.
Vincent holds dear.
The trio dump the body.
Vincent reveals.
Doing this.
Mickey and his wife had been having an affair.
Vincent kills Mickey.
Joshua and Vincent are having breakfast.
Joshua tells his boss.
He wants no more  and that he wants to retire.
Vincent is angered and leaves.
Vincent gets home  but finds.
He has two men watching his house.
Joshua appears.
Confronting them.
Joshua and Vincent are told.
They have been targeted.
They visit Nino.
Vincent tells him.
Nino taunts them.
He will not be intimidated.
Nino walks away.
Once home  Vincent finds his wife murdered.
Angered  the two decide to get revenge.
They wait and then go back to Nino s house.
Fighting their way  Vincent finds Nino.
The two have a standoff.
Which Vincent is hit  but survives.
Nino gets shot and dies.
Nino s wife appears and both fire.
Leaving. 
Nino s wife dies.
Joshua takes a hit.
It is then revealed.
This is the opening sequence.
It is also revealed.
The man who actually killed Joshua s father was   Vincent.
Joshua puts his gun  leaving it to the viewer to decide.
He kills his boss.
<EOS>
Alfred s father wants him to make a man.
Sends him off.
He does nt catch or shoot anything.
He does fall with a mountain girl.
They are told.
When her father and brothers laugh.
He is Alfred Battling Butler  the championship fighter.
The masquerade must be maintained.
<EOS>
The story tells.
Who was dumped.
She tracks down his new girlfriend Shirley and claims.
Ken uploaded nude photos to a website.
<EOS>
Once  there was a village called Nidiobina.
Was ravaged.
And Foudi Mamaya and his wife had no choice.
To leave their village  leaving behind their only son  Bouba  with his grandfather Wali.
The old man teaches the boy.
To become a man.
Bouba turns out to be a gifted pupil.
<EOS>
Viswanath has only a cousin.
He dropped out the school to pay his cousin Kaveri s school fees.
Viswanath worked hard and began to sing.
Few years later  he becomes a singer and organized some stage performance with his friend Govind.
Govind appoints.
A singer called Sandhya.
Unknowingly  Govind and Viswanath pick up a woman called Sandhya.
She said  she does nt have family and comes to find a job.
She is nt a singer.
Sandhya helps them to settle their rent money.
Kaveri becomes a famous newscaster  she challenges Viswanath to become rich.
She can accept.
Viswanath has the opportunity to show his whole talent.
He settles Sandhya s due money.
She leaves his house.
Viswanath sees Kaveri in the engaged dress.
Viswanath is ridiculed.
Viswanath decides to commit suicide.
Sandhya saves him and tells her past.
Sandhya s father was a rich businessman.
Anand and Sandhya were.
They later got engaged.
Anand refused to marry her.
When Sandhya s father business went bankrupt.
Few days later  her father died.
Viswanath and Sandhya challenge to succeed.
They decide to work hard separately.
Sandhya passes an exam.
She becomes a district collector.
Sandhya and Anand get back together.
They decide to get married.
Anand saved Sandhya  he took care of her.
He wanted to marry her but only.
Viswanath stops her marriage.
Sandhya ridicules Anand to teach him a lesson.
The marriage is cancelled.
Viswanath becomes a famous singer and is interviewed in a TV interview.
Viswanath and Sandhya live happily together.
<EOS>
Minnie is baking.
Walking one day  Mickey Mouse is enticed by the aroma of a cake.
Promised a slice  Mickey immediately jumps.
He cleans the yard.
Leaves littering Minnie s lawn.
A small tornado as tall comes along and makes his work more complicated  first the youngster hops into the basket and leaps over Mickey countless times.
Working. 
He pounds the basket  shaking it to check if it s snared.
The child pounces  spins him around  grabs his hat  and taunts him.
He throws the leaves.
Angered  Mickey pounces.
Who spins him around and scoots away  leaving Mickey s hat.
Both Mickey and the youngster have a tug ` owar.
It shatters.
Then  the child makes an army around the house.
Mickey manages to trap the child.
He ties and punts away.
The tornadoling retaliates  then attempts to get away  with Mickey hot on his heels.
The terrified child calls out.
Mickey chases him.
The mother tornado  unamused tormenting her offspring  furiously pursues him with a look of relentlessness on her face.
Her angry rampage causes chaos and destruction.
She lifts the lower portion and slows Mickey s movement.
He is sent.
When the twister finally sucks Mickey.
He ends up falling.
Minnie unaware finds her garden in a complete mess causing Mickey to get her cake thrown in his face.
He proceeds to eat.
<EOS>
The Turkish government passes a special law allowing people to complete their military service.
When the devastating Kocaeli earthquake occurs.
Many make use.
They join those  Captain Volkan Ates and Karldag.
Who are already.
<EOS>
The Great Wooley is a magician.
Who is entertaining GIs.
He causes a series of unfortunate mishaps for the headliner  actress Lola Livingston  including tearing her dress  knocking her down a flight of stairs  and rolling her up in the red carpet.
An orphan  Mitsuo Watanabe witnesses the spectacle and laughs died.
He and the boy become close.
When his aunt Kimi Sikita brings the boy to Wooley to thank him.
Irritates the aunt s boyfriend  a Japanese baseball player  as well as a USO liaison who has fallen.
Wooley does nt want to disappoint the boy.
He has been a total flop.
When it is time to return to America.
The boy follows him.
Wooley must pretend.
He no longer cares.
However  he still follows him by stowing away on the plane.
Once  they are reunited.
Wooley is accused.
Who is then returned.
Wooley follows but must be rescued.
Mitzi did but is smarter.
It falls off the baggage train after which Mr Wooley decides to stay and become a successful performer in Japan.
<EOS>
Dorothy Willard  an Amerasian product  is tired of living with her abusive foster parents in Kansas.
Dorothy - codenamed ` The Wizard.
Decides that there s no horror and accepts a dream mission that takes her deep into the desert to hunt down and terminate with extreme prejudice an insane  renegade US Army colonel.
<EOS>
The film follows the growing obsession this leads to.
<EOS>
The F+B Ambulance Company is locked to win a city contract for providing ambulance service to a territory within Los Angeles.
Their star driver is Mother Tucker  a talented antihero  harasses nuns  and behaves brazenly.
Who drinks alcohol.
He meets.
Indeed  the entire company is a band  including the hyper-sexual John Murdoch  his partner Walker  putative medical student Bliss  and brash Texan Rodeo Moxey.
Handling calls is Jennifer.
Whom the drivers nickname Jugs.
Harry Doughnut Fishbine runs the company  using occasionally underhanded means to maintain an income stream.
Harry Fishbine hires Tony Malatesta  a disgraced sheriff s detective and former Vietnam War ambulance driver.
When Walker is injured.
Tony has been suspended that he sold cocaine to children.
Speed is initially paired.
Their partnership is strained when Speed must stop Murdoch.
Leroy is shot and killed by a junkie demanding drugs.
The junkie commits suicide.
When Mother pulls a gun.
Later that night  a drunken Mother assaults Murdoch.
Leroy s death does nt count.
Murdoch states this to the drivers  dead body pool.
Harry then partners Speed to alleviate his driver shortage.
Meanwhile  Jugs has obtained her Emergency Medical Technician and ambulance driver certifications  and forces her way.
The two fall.
When Speed fakes an injury to prevent Jugs  arrest.
She loses her nerve.
Jugs proves a capable EMT.
A pregnant woman suffers a severe obstetrical hemorrhage and bleeds to death in Mother s ambulance.
Jugs secludes.
Herself afterward counsels her and gives her the courage to return to work.
City Councilman Warren informs the owners of both Unity and F+B - it will instead be awarded to a larger  established company.
They will not be awarded the contract.
To save their businesses  Unity s owner  Charles Taylor  proposes.
Their two companies merge.
Fishbine is not.
The councilman is agreeable.
The discussion is interrupted  Murdoch  intoxicated and armed with a handgun  has broken into F+B s bus garage office with Walker and is holding Mrs Fishbine hostage.
All s ambulances descend on the F+B garage  upon arrival  Murdoch opens fire and hits Speed in the shoulder.
He comes face to face  Murdoch tries to shoot Mother.
When Mother charges to rescue his ambulance.
His gun is empty.
A deputy sheriff then shoots and kills Murdoch.
F+B does merge with Unity  forming the Fishbine + Unity Ambulance Company  based out of the old F+B garage.
Speed   is reinstated.
Who has been cleared.
He remains romantically involved.
Jugs is initially relegated to switchboard duty again.
Mother insists that she become his new partner.
The two drive off together.
The movie ends.
<EOS>
Dr Mandeville and his wife Sarah try to locate two suitcases.
Is mentally unstable Andrew.
Who begins to have flashbacks.
<EOS>
Charlize Theron plays Jill Young.
Who has witnessed the death of her mother  Ruth Young  and the mother of Joe  an infant mountain gorilla  at the hands of poachers led by Andrei Strasser.
Strasser loses his right thumb and trigger finger  and swears revenge on the gorilla for the damage.
Ruth tells Jill to take care.
She dies.
Which Jill agrees.
Twelve years later  Jill has raised Joe -LRB-   the other gorillas wo nt accept him.
Who  because  has now grown to the size of 1/2 - feet and weighs 2200 pounds.
Both are now living.
A wildlife refuge director  Gregg OHara  convinces Jill that they would be safer if they relocate to the United States.
The trio goes in Los Angeles  California and win the hearts of the refuge staff.
There  Jill is approached.
Who is now running a fake animal preserve while really selling animal organs off.
Fails to recognize Strasser as the poacher his right hand in his coat pocket.
Who killed both her mother and Joe s.
Strasser tries to persuade Jill.
Joe would be better off back in Africa.
Later   Strasser s henchman  Garth  uses a poacher s noisemaker to scare Joe into a frenzy.
Joe trashes the gala  recognizes Strasser and tries to attack him.
Joe is then tranquilized and placed.
Gregg has fallen in love with Jill.
He kisses her goodbye.
She decides to take Strasser s offer.
When Jill learns that Joe may be euthanized.
She and the refuge staff smuggle Joe out.
Jill notices the half-glove covering Strasser s missing fingers  and realizes.
Who he really is.
She briefly fights  then jumps from the truck and into the street.
Joe sees her and rocks the truck over.
Meanwhile  Gregg has realized and goes.
Strasser is a poacher.
He finds Jill.
Who reveals that Strasser killed her mother and plans to kill Joe.
They locate Joe.
Where he is playfully wreaking havoc.
Strasser arrives and attempts to shoot Jill.
But Garth pushes Strasser s gun away  causing him to fire at a spotlight.
Starts a fire and causes the Ferris wheel to break down.
Realizing  Garth says.
Ruthless Strasser truly is.
He quits.
Strasser knocks Garth unconscious.
Strasser eventually confronts Jill and attempts to kill her.
Joe sneaks up and tosses Strasser into the air.
Where he grips over a transformer.
Short two fingers holding the wire  Strasser is electrocuted.
He falls  leaving only the half-glove hanging from the wiring.
Joe falls from the collapsing Ferris wheel.
Saving a child.
Joe survives the fall and is shipped back to run free on his own refuge funded by donations from various people.
Who supported Joe s freedom.
<EOS>
Two sisters Karen and Jennifer  and their friend Vicki Thompson  meet a friendly  but shady character named Ernest Keller.
A hotel reservation mix up.
Ernest convinces the women.
Where his wife Virginia also lives.
Once there  Jennifer and Karen leave.
Jennifer  a news reporter  is reporting on.
Jennifer is met by her soon to be ex-boyfriend  Tony.
Who gets her to stay behind to talk.
Meanwhile  back  Vicki prepares to take a nap in her room  but is attacked by an unseen figure.
The unseen eventually begins to pull Vicki.
When she tries to escape.
Karen leaves Jennifer and Tony to talk  and makes her way back to the house alone.
Where she too is then attacked and killed  as it attempts to pull her by her hair through a vent into the basement.
Virginia   soon comes inside to find the bodies of both Vicki and Karen.
Who had been.
He finds Virginia.
When Ernest arrives back.
It is revealed through flashbacks.
Virginia and Ernest are   brother and sister  and that Ernest had murdered his own sadistic father years before in order to maintain the relationship.
It is also revealed  the viewer also learns.
They have an incestual son named ` Junior  who has been kept locked up.
Junior is often viciously beaten.
Ernest then convinces Virginia.
Who the viewer now realizes is taken advantage.
Jennifer must be killed.
Order to keep everything.
She is lured by Ernest.
When Jennifer gets back.
Who then locks her inside.
She wanders.
She is confronted by Junior   at this point  it becomes clear.
Who turns out to be a mentally retarded and infantile grown man.
He did not actually mean to kill Karen and Vicki.
Ernest comes.
Virginia  having had a change  attempts to stop him.
Ernest begins attacking Virginia.
Junior  enraged  intervenes to protect his mother.
A fight breaks out.
Jennifer escapes.
The fight ends.
Causes Junior to collapse and die.
Ernest then makes his way outside to hunt down and kill Jennifer.
Tony pulls-up  sees the commotion  and runs to help her  but trips and falls due to an existing leg injury.
As she is about to be attacked.
However   Ernest is shot in the chest from afar by Virginia.
The film ends.
<EOS>
A poor farmer named Chea returns home after going to school for several years and befriends a Sou.
Who later inherits his father s wealth and high-ranking status.
Chea soon falls in love with his neighbour  Orn.
His happiness is shattered.
When his ill father passes away.
The landowner demands.
Chea pleas.
He goes to ask his old friend Sou.
Chea quickly discovers.
Sou s recently inherited status has caused him to ignore and pretend that he does nt know Chea.
Chea is turned down and returns home.
Chea and his younger brother soon begin selling noodles.
Order to make enough cash.
His luck is cut short.
When he realizes his competition  making for many light  comedic incidents.
Chea asks his mother to ask.
Their debt is cleared.
This is soon arranged.
Chea and An become engaged.
Both families then begin to raise money to have the wedding.
One day An and her mother were stopped.
Who instantly falls with An and decides to buy every piece of silk cloth they have.
Sou also sends a henchmen to find out.
Where they live just.
He may need to purchase more.
The henchmen reports back.
Chea is engaged.
Sou arranges a plan to get rid.
Order to have An.
Sou promptly visits Chea and apparently apologizes.
What happened earlier.
He tells Chea.
He will help fund their wedding.
Chea s mother requests.
They would need a honeycomb so both Chea and Sou set out to find one.
They eventually locate one high up and eventually fasten a rope.
They can climb up.
Chea goes first.
Sou betrays him.
When he reaches the top.
Sou leaves Chea to die and returns.
Chea has fallen and wishes Sou would marry An.
Chea remembers the lessons.
He learned a bear into bringing him down the tree.
He secretly enters Sou s.
Orn s wedding ceremony.
Orn  still devastated  decides to lock herself in a room and commit suicide.
Her suicide is thwarted.
When Chea begins to sing.
She recognizes his voice.
She unlocks the door and embraces Chea.
Sou disrupts their reunion.
Chea s younger brother quickly gathers a force.
Who promptly save Chea.
Chea along the wedding ceremony and Sou is killed in the ensuing chaos.
Sou s father  realizing  restores order and justice.
What has happened.
Chea and An are finally reunited.
<EOS>
Four junior college students are driving along a deserted road on their way to a cheerleading competition.
Cookie gives him a blow job.
Jimbo is driving.
Jasmine secretly watches.
Distracted  Jimbo swerves and hits a utility pole  damaging the car.
They find and enter a vacant house.
Looking. 
Is actually home the Butcher  who is not presently there.
Jimbo and Kristy decide to go back and wait for help.
Cookie and Jasmine stay behind.
Cookie confronts the closeted Jasmine.
The two engage.
Meanwhile  escaped convicts Tober and Hoss are seeking refuge.
They enter Andre s house and find Cookie and Jasmine having sex.
The convicts order them.
Sheriff Cooper comes and knocks on the door.
Hoss orders Jasmine to answer it and get rid  threatening to kill Cookie.
She does nt comply.
Sheriff Cooper enters the house and informs her and asks her.
She s seen them.
The Sheriff grabs Jasmine and begins to molest her.
She tries to quietly tell him that they are.
Hoss comes out and kicks the sheriff in the stomach  handcuffs him to the fridge  and leaves him there.
They all drive away.
Jimbo and Kristy   prepare to make out.
Waiting. 
Kristy reveals intimate feelings.
Andre the Butcher shows up and attacks them.
He kills Kristy and throws a knife at Jimbo  pinning him to a tree.
Jimbo is rescued.
Who is looking.
They both head back.
Hoss  Cookie  and Jasmine are driving away in the Sheriff s car  they encounter Andre on the road  blocking their path.
Andre drags him out and kills him.
Tober tries to shoot him.
The other three run away and go back.
Jimbo also returns.
Who then handcuffs Hoss.
Sheriff Cooper  still handcuffed demands she uncuff him  but Jasmine pleas with her not to.
Suddenly  the television set turns on   Kristy eats too much.
Shows some.
Sheriff Cooper is corrupt.
Andre shows up.
Murders the Sheriff.
Hollingsworth shoots.
Who runs away  but later returns and kills Jimbo and Cookie.
Jasmine discovers.
Andre is not actually human  but something supernatural.
Back  he was an ordinary man  had a wife and daughter.
He owned a meat market.
However  his wife and daughter were both killed.
This enraged Andre and drove him insane.
He began to murder his customers and sell their flesh.
The townspeople eventually caught on and lynched him.
He was buried.
His soul was sent.
The devil elected him on Earth.
His duty was.
Whose souls would be sent.
The only way to destroy his demon form is to bless his grave.
He was never given a proper burial.
Will allow.
Hoss  Jasmine  and Hollingsworth flee the house  to find his grave and bless it.
However  Andre pursues them.
The jugs break  spilling all the water.
Running. 
He kills Hollingsworth  and stabs both Hoss and Jasmine.
Now and seemingly defeated  they both crawl over to his grave  preparing to die together.
Having to urinate  Hoss decides to use his own urine.
Too weak  he asks Jasmine to pull his penis out and aim.
To do it himself.
He urinates and blesses the urine   killing Andre.
Works. 
The movie ends  despite still badly wounded.
<EOS>
Carl has travelled to clear up the details of his brothers death.
There is another side.
Carl finds that.
A group accept him into their family  as the brother of their late friend.
Carl is then drawn.
<EOS>
The film follows music teacher Marcus Daly.
He investigates the violent murder.
Other major characters are introduced early.
Whom Daly begins an affair.
Daly realizes.
His attempt to rescue the medium fails.
He has seen a certain painting.
It seems to have disappeared.
When the police arrive.
He also initially overlooks another clue.
Causes him to discover a mouldering corpse walled up.
One murder leads.
He fails to understand endangers his life and that with whom he comes into contact.
Are Giordani  Amanda Righetti and Carlo.
The killing is prefaced by a child s doggerel tune  the same music.
Accompanies the film s opening sequence in which two shadowy figures struggle until one is stabbed to death.
The music serves.
He is able to foil his attacker.
When Daly hears it soon after becoming involved in the case.
Later  he plays the tune.
Who theorizes that the music is important because it probably played an integral part in the killer s past.
The doctor s theory is.
The identity is finally revealed as Carlo s insane mother Martha.
He watched.
When Carlo was still a child.
She murdered her husband when he tried to have her committed  then entomb his body in a room of their house.
Daly s discovery is one of the film s most dramatic moments.
Martha confronts Marcus and tries to kill him.
Wielding a butchering knife  Martha chases him.
Marcus is stabbed by the knife  and kicks Martha toward the elevator shaft.
A long necklace catches.
She wears.
She is decapitated.
When Daly summons the lift.
The film ends staring into the resultant pool of blood.
<EOS>
Coffin Joe is greeted at the gate by his old and loyal servant Bruno.
Who takes him.
The hideout is populated.
Well as Bruno.
Who are obsessed  and have been waiting and preparing for his arrival in order that they may faithfully serve him.
Coffin Joe immediately orders the followers to begin kidnapping women.
He can renew his murderous quest.
His first victim is Dr Hilda  a controversial eugenicist.
Who Bruno kidnaps.
Coffin Joe tests her will.
She has hallucinations.
Which she willingly eats it.
Meanwhile  Coronel Claudiomiro Pontes  a fervidly Roman Catholic police captain  and Father Eugenio  a mentally unstable priest learn  and decide to join forces to seek Coffin Joe and kill him once and for all.
Who holds an old grudge.
Coffin Joe starts to be haunted by ghostly visions of his previous victims  including Terezinha and Lenita from At Midnight I ll Take Your Soul.
Laura ll Possess Your Corpse.
However  he convinces himself.
They are just his imagination although they continue to haunt him.
He later singles out a young gypsy woman named Elena.
Who has also been intrigued since his appearance at the favela.
Elena s aunts  Cabiria and Lucrecia  knowing  perform a ritual to protect Elena from Coffin Joe and place a curse on him.
Elena offers herself.
Joe kills the two aunts.
While having sex he has a vision where he finds himself in another dimension which is a bloody  intestine-like maze.
There he is met.
Who takes him.
The Mystifier shows Coffin Joe horrific visions  as well as a female figure of Coffin Joe s death.
Greatly disturbed  Joe sends his followers to quickly kidnap several more women and proceeds to torture them to test their endurance and willingness to succumb to his perceived superiority.
They find.
When the police find Coffin Joe s hideout that night.
It deserted.
Joe escapes after him.
Joe arrives  but is wounded by the Father Eugenio.
Where Joe kills the policemen.
Who impales Coffin Joe.
Father Eugenio is immediately pursued.
Relieved thinking he has killed Coffin Joe.
He leaves the amusement park.
Elena appears.
Father Eugenio leaves.
She pulls the crucifix out  removes her clothes and has sexual intercourse with him.
The final scene takes place.
Where it is revealed that Coffin Joe achieved his goal  as the women who survived his ordeals  including Hilda and Elena  gathered at his funeral  are all pregnant.
<EOS>
The film is.
Who falls with a wrestling princess Sandy.
It s a no.
Holds barred quest  the Jewish man finds he has to fight for his love as Sandy s dad is also a wrestler who only wants his daughter to marry a famous wrestler  and not a Jewish man with little money and no muscles.
Robert also has to deal along with others out to get him.
<EOS>
The hour-long film s plot centers.
Two children named.
Scott and Laurie are happily coloring one day when their old basset hound Barney bothers them.
They decide to go outside and play.
Barney stays behind.
He notices.
A colorful stick inside is spinning.
Then  a rainbow shoots.
Barney vanishes.
They can not see him  but notice a dog.
Looks exactly in the coloring book.
Realizing  they are teleported as well.
Somehow  the dog is Barney.
They overhear strange whistling sounds and singing.
They explore.
The sounds are coming.
Who wear yellow.
They march away  leaving the children to meet a woman named Sillywhim.
They sing their songs.
She   explains.
Who gets her name.
She used her magic to bring them.
She explains a problem.
When asked why.
It seems.
The various groups that live throughout Sillyville decided to stop liking each other.
Each group has its own unique color  and based their dislike.
Sillywhim s bright colorful clothing has faded into a depressing monochrome.
Now  she wants to have her old friends back  and implores the children to help.
They  being nice  agree.
To aid them  Sillywhim must turn them invisible.
Their multi-hued clothing would offend other groups.
She then leads them  introducing them to the colorful characters.
Who populate it.
First  the trio enters Sillyville Square.
Where they discover the harmonizing Twirlypops  all.
Sillywhim asks.
They want to come.
They disagree  saying enough  the next group is the green-wearing Jingleheimers  along.
There is too much green down there-and sure.
Sillywhim gets the same response.
The Twirlypops gave her.
Hoping to find some refuge  the gang travels there.
They are a large family  and entertain Sillywhim as well.
They  too  are prejudiced.
Now depressed  Sillywhim does not know.
Where to turn.
The children try to think.
A party is suggested.
They balk.
When Sillywhim tries the idea.
The children inspire her not to give up.
They decide to seek the aid.
Who is not affected.
They go there  and meet.
Sillywhim ends up depressed again.
The children enjoy the visit.
Pasha tells her.
She will have to bring the people together again to restore their friendship.
They are at a loss.
Finally   Sillywhim believes.
She has a wonderful idea.
She takes a bad fall and injures her ankle.
She can say it.
She is unable to help their friend cry for help.
All hear their cry  and rush to her aid.
Pasha offers her diagnosis  the ankle is not broken  but must be wrapped.
The people of Sillyville remove bows  handkerchiefs  ribbons  and scarfs from their own bodies and turn them into a makeshift cast.
It alleviates Sillywhim s pain.
Everyone also comments.
Wonderful the colors look together.
Then  slowly  they realize.
They  too  make a wonderful rainbow.
Sillywhim s colors are restored.
Singing songs.
The world glows.
They make amends.
The children are transported out.
They wonder.
The adventure even happened.
They smile and know the truth.
When Barney reappears carrying a rainbow-colored stick.
The credits roll.
<EOS>
Puss is a talking cat named for his wearing boots and is a fugitive on the run for the law  looking to restore his lost honour.
He learns.
The outlaw couple Jack and Jill have the magic beans he s been looking.
Kitty interrupts.
When Puss tries to steal them.
Both fail.
Kitty is allied.
Where he was raised.
Puss tells Kitty.
When Humpty tricked Puss.
Humpty convinces Puss to join them.
The trio steal the beans and plant them in the desert.
Puss and Kitty s relationship becomes romantic.
The trio ride the beanstalk to find the castle of the late giant  while avoiding the Great Terror.
Who guards the Golden Goose.
They steal the Goose   and escape the castle.
When they realize the golden eggs are too heavy to carry.
Is just a gosling.
The group is ambushed.
Celebrating their victory.
Who knock Puss unconscious.
He tracks Jack and Jill.
When Puss wakes up.
Where he learns the entire heist was a plot to lure him home to be captured  as revenge for abandoning him to the authorities when Humpty s youthful heist went bad.
Jack  Jill  and Kitty were involved.
Puss turns himself in to the guards.
Humpty donates many golden eggs and becomes a hero.
Puss meets the original Jack.
Who warns him that the Great Terror is in fact the Goose s mother.
It will stop to get its child back.
A repentant Kitty helps Puss break out and tells him she loves him.
Puss tracks down Humpty.
Who wants the Great Terror to demolish the town.
Puss convinces Humpty to help him fight off the Great Terror  saying.
He knows Humpty is a good person.
The Great Terror  a giant goose  arrives.
Using the Goose lure the Great Terror out of the town  but Humpty.
The Goose are knocked off a bridge holding onto them.
Humpty knows  so he lets go  sacrificing himself to save the Goose and the town.
Puss can not hold both.
Humpty s shell cracks open to reveal.
He was a golden egg.
The Great Terror then takes the Goose and Humpty back.
Puss s efforts to save the town make him a hero.
Jack and Jill are recovering from their injuries after being crushed by the Great Terror  Humpty is shown once again in his regular egg form  wearing a golden egg suit.
He rides the Great Terror.
Puss and Kitty finally kiss.
<EOS>
Roshan accompanies his dying grandmother Annapurna.
Roshan is initially stunned.
Roshan eventually warms and wholeheartedly embraces the sense of community.
He accompanies his grandmother  hangs out at Mamdu s sweet stall  plays with the children  and gradually becomes steeped in the culture.
Roshan is also slowly exposed.
They scramble to get her  he finds  he is further surprised.
The roads choked around a cow in labour.
When his grandmother   stumbles forth to seek the blessings of a sacred cow.
He is astounded.
When the local police seem to encourage the practice.
Roshan begins to understand the feuds and social issues.
Madangopal s sister Rama is unwed.
Jaigopal s electrical business is going nowhere.
The lecherous old local money lender Lala Bhairam is married.
Who   is having an affair with a young photo-studio hand Suresh.
Suresh is a double timer.
Who is also pursuing Madangopal s daughter Bittu.
Bittu secretly wants out  she secretly prepares to audition.
A popular reality show Indian Idol that she will win her way to Mumbai.
Roshan comes to appreciate Ali Baig s cosmopolitan tastes and is surprised to learn.
He fancied his mother many years ago and has since never married.
And Roshan comes to empathise Jalebi except for.
Who must endure untouchability.
When some seek company.
Roshan crosses paths.
Who blithely stretches his authorities to manhandle the locals.
Who displays political power.
The news media is all abuzz with tales of a fearsome terror known only as the Kala Bandar.
This miscreant attacks people  steals and has caused the death.
Nonetheless  the local news picks up.
Jaigopal  the self-proclaimed electronics genius  theorises  this rumour is quickly propagated.
The kala bandar likely has an electrical circuit and may be electrocuted.
The film takes several turns.
Roshan and Bittu warm to each other.
Roshan intervenes.
When Bittu is about to receive a prospective suitor arranged.
He echoes Bittu s desire to pursue other dreams  this drives the suitor away and brings Madangopal s wrath.
He gradually begins to fall with her but is confused.
When Bittu expresses her affections.
The kala bandar attacks Old Delhi.
The simple-minded locals bring to exorcise the demonic influence of the kala bandar.
The tantrik baba  clearly an self-aggrandizing actor  speculates.
Who dislikes the inter-religious equality practised.
The local mosque must have been built.
He thus initiates a vicious cycle.
A mob goes on rampage and attacks some of the Muslims and their shops.
This prompts one Muslim shop-owner  Mamdu  to set fire.
Roshan attempts to make peace but is rebuffed.
The locals ultimately settle.
The kala bandar is hiding out and must be destroyed.
They command the simpleton Gobar to fetch a lock from the evil enemy and complete the exorcism.
That the tantrik can burn it.
Roshan becomes aware.
To elope and that Suresh is a low-life two timer.
He dons a monkey mask and outfit and stealthily follows Bittu.
So he may return in triumph and bring peace to the community.
Where Jalebi gives him a lock.
Roshan intercedes in Bittu and Suresh s rendezvous and causes the cowardly Suresh to flee.
Bittu raises a loud alarm  Roshan tells Bittu.
Roshan unmasks himself.
He loves her where she also responds  the two share a hug  whereupon the angry locals storm the place.
Believing Roshan to be the kala bandar  they beat him within an inch of his life.
Mamdu shoots him.
Then  Gobar comes up.
The kala bandar is the vices residing inside the people of Delhi.
The people must defeat.
The neighborhood realizes this and helps Roshan to reach a hospital with the help of an ambulance.
But  Roshan does not respond.
He died.
Roshan meets his grandfather in the terrace of a building in Delhi.
Roshan s grandfather reveals.
There is a Kala Bandar and that is why he wanted to ask forgiveness to his mom for not accepting their inter-religious marriage.
He said.
He will meet him once again.
Roshan responds is happy.
He is not dead.
The film ends.
The important characters appears before the mirror and reveal their emotions during their days in Delhi.
<EOS>
Children emerge from a one-room schoolhouse  gushing with joy about summer vacation.
Bugs Bunny separately shares this enthusiasm but then quickly realizes.
Silly this is.
He crashes and falls unconscious.
Wondering how absurd all this is aloud.
A young Bugs is excited about a school-free summer.
When he runs.
The youthful Bugs and Elmer reprise many  including the death scene and Bugs threatening to report juvenile Elmer to the authorities.
Elmer is about to fall from a cliff  but does nt fall.
He has nt studied gravity yet.
Later  Bugs leaves a book.
Where Elmer will find it.
Elmer reads it.
The next time he steps off a cliff.
He falls  prompting him to adopt ignorance.
Coyote appears and asks him to move over and leave falling.
Who know how to do it.
Elmer obtains a machine gun and shoots Bugs repeatedly.
He crashes.
The dream ends  and the adult Bugs - conscious and apparently never having felt the effects - remarks about.
He and Elmer probably were the youngest people to ever start chasing each other.
Bugs could be wrong - a young Wile E.
Coyote runs  chasing an unhatched Road Runner.
<EOS>
Clopin  a gypsy puppeteer  narrates the origin of the titular hunchback.
A group sneak illegally into Paris  but are ambushed by Judge Claude Frollo  the minister of justice.
A gypsy woman attempts to flee with her deformed baby.
Frollo chases and kills her outside Notre Dame.
He tries to kill the baby as well -LSB- believing the baby to be an unholy demon -RSB-  but is stopped.
Who accuses Frollo.
To atone  Frollo agrees to raise the deformed child in Notre Dame as his son  naming him Quasimodo.
Twenty years later  Quasimodo develops yet isolated young man and would be rejected by the outside world.
Who is told that he is a monster.
A trio serve as Quasimodo s only company.
Quasimodo sneaks out of Notre Dame to attend the annually-held Festival of Fools.
Where he is celebrated  only to be humiliated by the crowd after Frollo s men start a riot.
Frollo refuses to help Quasimodo.
Esmeralda  a kind gypsy  intervenes  and uses a magic trick to evade arrest.
Frollo scolds Quasimodo and sends him back.
Esmeralda follows Quasimodo to find him  but is herself followed.
Phoebus does not approve and refuses to arrest her for alleged witchcraft inside Notre Dame  instead having her detained within the cathedral.
Esmeralda   offers a prayer to God to help her and the outcasts.
Esmeralda finds and befriends Quasimodo.
Who helps her escape Notre Dame for defending him.
Esmeralda entrusts Quasimodo a pendant containing a map  the Court of Miracles.
Frollo soon develops lustful feelings  Frollo begs the Virgin Mary to save him from her spell to avoid eternal damnation  upon learning of her escape  instigates a city-wide manhunt for her.
Which he burns down countless houses which would shelter gypsies.
Phoebus becomes disgusted  and defies Frollo  to be executed.
Who orders him.
Phoebus is injured and falls.
Esmeralda rescues him and takes him.
Frollo returns and  knowing Quasimodo helped Esmeralda escape  bluffs.
He knows where the Court is and that he intends to attack it at dawn.
Using the map  he and Phoebus find the court to warn the gypsies.
Esmeralda gave Quasimodo.
For Frollo to follow them and capture all the gypsies present.
Frollo prepares to burn Esmeralda.
She rejects his advances.
Quasimodo rescues her and brings her.
Phoebus releases the gypsies and rallies the citizens.
Who try to break.
Quasimodo pours molten copper to ensure.
No one will enter.
Frollo successfully breaks in and chases Quasimodo and Esmeralda.
Where he and Quasimodo stumble off the cathedral.
Frollo falls.
Quasimodo is caught on a lower floor.
Afterward  Quasimodo is encouraged to leave the cathedral into the outside world.
Where the citizens hail him and accept him into society.
<EOS>
The film starts.
Whose babysitter is.
The girl stabs him.
Bateman kills and starts to dissect her babysitter.
Fast forward.
The girl   is now a college student studying criminology.
Who we learn is named Rachael Newman.
Rachael aspires to join the FBI and is.
Would make her a.
However  tough competition stands in her way.
Rachael proceeds to kill off classmates one.
She decides to see the school psychiatrist  Dr Eric Daniels.
Realizing  Daniels tries to warn Starkman.
Rachael is a textbook sociopath.
Who mistakenly thinks the psycho student is Cassandra Blaire  with whom he had an extramarital affair.
Rachael decides to murder her as well.
When Cassandra reveals that her affair has guaranteed her the TA position.
Daniels to tell him.
She does so Professor Starkman discovers Cassandra s body and calls.
She s dead.
But he does not identify the victim.
Daniels assumes.
It must be Rachael.
Distraught  Professor Starkman leaves his teaching position.
Angers the obsessed Rachael.
She reveals  she killed the real Rachael and assumed her identity.
She is not Rachael Newman.
Rachael stays on campus and confronts Starkman   and tries to seduce him to get the job.
Who had taken Valium and alcohol.
However  Starkman sees.
She is wearing a dress and necklace he had given.
She then confesses her crimes.
Her crush  and that she knew about his affairs with various women  as he backs up towards the window in a state of confusion and fear.
Rachael blows him a kiss.
He falls out the window.
Rachael realizes.
She leaves.
A janitor has witnessed Starkman s death  and she murders the janitor  too.
Driving away with Starkman in her car  Rachael gets pulled over by a cop.
Whom she stabs with an ice pick.
Daniels and two cops pursue Rachael.
The film reaches its conclusion.
Ends. 
She is presumed to be dead by the cops.
Who witnessed the event and the media.
Dr Daniels is giving a lecture on Rachael s mind and.
He wrote a book.
He sees Rachael   she indirectly reveals.
When he looks up.
Who has nt died.
She killed Starkman s last assistant  Elizabeth McGuire  and stole her identity to get.
She allows Dr Daniels to know.
She believes there is no point.
The body was nt the real Rachael.
Was. 
Dr Daniels is obviously disturbed and rattled.
She walks out.
<EOS>
The film is.
Leo is no longer able to touch people without electrocuting them.
<EOS>
Tanner is a desperate prisoner.
Who escapes an innocent farmer named Matthew Random.
Stealing Random s horse and gun  the outlaw promptly makes his escape.
Finding his twin brother murdered  Lucius Random vows revenge and sets off to find the killer.
Random knows.
He does not know the identity.
He is part and can be identified by the gun he stole from Matthew  which is one of a unique set of two that the brothers Matthew and Lucius owned between them.
<EOS>
Aspiring writer Lester Grimm starts going out after being introduced by Lester s friend Vince and Vince s fiancee Lucretia.
They immediately hit it off.
Ramona mentions.
One is famous writer Dashiell Frank.
Lester becomes slightly jealous.
One day Lester is walking down the street.
He spots Dashiell and follows him.
He then notices.
Dashiell goes.
He then joins the group  pretending  Vince.
He is actually his friend.
Dashiell is complaining about.
He has never been faithful when Lester bursts out.
Lester decides to leave the therapy group.
Vince strongly advises  as he had asked Lester to talk about him to get some personal advice.
Vince then convinces Lester to stay.
Where Lester continues to fight Dashiell.
Particular session  Dashiell is talking about a character in one of his books  and says.
It was based.
We are then led to believe.
He is talking.
Lester still continues.
After the two sessions that he said was his last.
Dashiell asks Lester.
He would like to go.
They go.
Where they drink scotch and Dashiell reveals that he likes their arguments  since no one else speaks their minds.
Lester had arranged to meet Ramona  but has forgotten about it.
Dashiell and Lester become friends.
He lies and said.
When Lester goes  and apologizes for not meeting her.
He went to see The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance  and that it was shot  although if he had seen the film he would have known it was in black and white.
Dashiell invites Lester to come over.
He agrees.
Here we meet Irene  Dashiell s girlfriend.
Lester and Ramona are lying on the bed.
Where Ramona reveals that a past boyfriend  Steven  had come over and that they had had sex  but that it was before she and Lester were serious.
She then says.
Her relationship is over  and that the sex had nt meant anything.
Later   Ramona reveals her sexual past.
When Lester is having dinner.
Proves that she could nt be the character that Dashiell had described earlier.
They then talk.
They slept together.
Leads. 
The true Vince joins the group  under a fake name as ` Leo  and adopts a British accent for the therapy.
Vince then reveals Lester s problems  but says.
They are his own  even though Lester objects.
They have an argument.
Dashiell reveals.
He had met Ramona coincidently  and that they had had sex.
Lester then walks out  to find Ramona.
She is outside.
They have an argument.
The rest come out to see what happens.
All are revealed.
Dashiell punches Lester.
Lester begins to walk away  then turns around  walks up and says  and punches him.
She s my girlfriend.
Lester and Ramona argue and break.
Several months later   Ramona has been going to Dr Poke for therapy.
The scene then shifts.
Where Lester and Ramona see each other.
Lester outstretches his hand  asking Ramona to dance.
She hesitates  saying.
Long it had taken to get over him.
He agrees.
He then outstretches his hand again.
This time she accepts.
<EOS>
The HMS Bounty leaves England on a two-year voyage into the Pacific Ocean.
The ship s captain  William Bligh is a brutal tyrant  cause any infraction or defy his authority.
Who routinely administers harsh punishment alike that either lack discipline.
Fletcher Christian  the ship s lieutenant  is a formidable  yet compassionate man.
Who disapproves.
Roger Byam is an idealistic midshipman.
Who is divided to Bligh  due to his family s Naval tradition  and his friendship to Christian.
The enmity between Christian and Bligh grows.
Christian openly challenges Bligh s unjust practices.
Bligh punishes Christian.
When the ship arrives  where the crew acquire breadfruit plant to take home.
Byam  meanwhile  sets up residency  living with the island Chief  Hitihiti  and his daughter  Tehanni  and translating an English dictionary of the Tahitian language.
Hitihiti persuades Bligh to allow Christian a day pass.
Bligh agrees but quickly repeals the pass out.
Christian disregards the order and spends his one day.
Christian promises her he will be back someday.
The crew begin to talk of mutinty.
He cuts water rationing.
Christian   decides.
Initially opposing the idea.
He can no longer tolerate Bligh s brutality when he witnesses crew members shackled  and approves the mutiny.
The crew raid the weapons cabinet and seize the ship.
Bligh and his loyalists are cast with a map and rations to ensure their survival.
They are able to find their way back to land.
Meanwhile  Christian orders the HMS Bounty return.
Byam   disapproves.
Who was during the mutiny.
What Christian has done and decides the two can no longer be friends.
Months later  Byam is married  Christian has married Miamiti and has a child with her.
The rest are enjoying their freedom on the island.
Byam and Christian reconcile their friendship.
However   Byam and Christian decide.
When the British ship  HMS Pandora  is spotted approaching.
They must part ways.
Byam and several crew members remain to take them back to England to seek refuge on.
Christian leads the remaining crew  his wife  and several Tahiti men and women  back the Bounty in search of a new island.
Byam boards the Pandora and  much  discovers.
Bligh is the captain.
Bligh   has him imprisoned.
Who suspects Byam was complicit.
Back  Byam is court-martialed and found guilty of mutiny.
Byam speaks.
The court condemns him.
Byam is pardoned by the court and allowed to resume his Naval career at sea.
Meanwhile  Christian has found Pitcairn  an unihabitated yet sustainable island  will provide adequate refuge.
He believes.
The Bounty crashes.
It to be burned.
<EOS>
Lucy Carmichael  an American secretary  arrives to claim a free day trip.
She won.
She is expecting a luxury limousine tour.
Instead is greeted Tony.
Who escorts her.
Their initial stop   ends disastrously.
When they collide and sink beneath the waters.
Tony then takes Lucy.
Where she models the latest mod fashions.
Lucy and Tony then arrive   I Want to Get Off.
Where Tony dons a tuxedo and sings a medley from the Leslie Bricusse-Anthony Newley show Stop the World.
Lucy follows him.
Where she shows her appreciation.
<EOS>
The story concerns a group of American fortune hunters.
Who hire a mercenary called Xander Ronson to act and bodyguard.
They search.
They get more.
They bargained  however.
They come face to face also after the artifact.
<EOS>
Sherlock is and apparently shoots him to death.
The movie opens.
His body can not be found  however.
It falls.
Holmes gains notoriety with the press and the police for his apparent killing of Moriarty  and meets Dr Watson  an early practitioner of autopsies  for the first time.
Together  they start an investigation and become convinced.
Moriarty is alive and.
Moriarty is supposedly dead.
Holmes  investigation leads him.
Who posed to lure Holmes into the plot.
Richard E.
Grant also appears.
Who was addicted when Sherlock was young.
<EOS>
Inspector Abhay Rathod is an honest and diligent Police Inspector employed.
He was assigned the case and criminal don  Shekhar Mohan.
Abhay successfully entraps and arrests him  and has him sentenced.
Years later  Abhay is now the Assistant Commissioner.
Shekhar Mohan has completed his jail term and is looking to seek vengeance.
He does so Chirag and taking him along with him.
He object  but attempt to separate the child  as well as attempt to make a place in his heart.
Is not to seek any ransom money.
Shekhar finds out.
Chirag loves racing and takes him  and soon starts a friendship with Uncle Shekhar.
But  will Shekhar and Chirag be able to maintain their friendship.
Abhay and the police closing.
<EOS>
Menudo members are supposed to fly to Ponce  Puerto Rico for a concert.
However   band member Ricky Melendez hires the services.
When their private jet becomes unavailable to fly them.
They have trouble and crash land on a beach near a mansion.
Rodriguez s character  a big fan  lives in that mansion  along with her girls.
Who feels old and put aside.
Looking  the Menudo guys arrive at the house.
Where they are given food and a room while they try to get with their group director.
Menudo member Johnny Lozada falls.
The story develops.
Menudo members meet new friends  sing and dance their way.
A special appearance was made.
He is the son.
His grandfather was a Puerto Rican legend big band director Cesar Concepcion.
Danny Concepcion appeared with the Veteran Actress Gladys Rodriguez.
Danny Concepcion was a guest.
Whom he was staying where the movie was shot.
The Wallaces were offered money.
They allowed to shoot the movie.
John and Alice Wallace knew.
Danny Concepcion had a music and theater education and asked Mr Trucco to allow Danny in the film in exchange for their use of the Mansion.
This is a little-known part.
<EOS>
The Soviet Union planted a number of long-term  deep-cover sleeper agents all over the United States  spies so thoroughly brainwashed  they could only be activated by a special code phrase.
Even they did nt know they were agents.
Their mission was to sabotage crucial parts as a precursor to a possible US/USSR active conflict or war.
Years pass.
The Cold War gradually gives way.
Nikolai Dalchimsky  a rogue KGB officer  defects  taking with him the Telefon Book.
Contains the names  addresses and telephone numbers.
He starts activating them one.
American counterintelligence is thrown  the agents commit suicide right afterwards.
When seemingly-ordinary citizens start blowing up what are   outdated targets consisting of formerly top secret facilities that were declassified or abandoned years prior.
The KGB dares not tell its political leaders  much less the Americans  in not deactivating the spy network.
Major Grigori Bortsov   memorizes the contents and is sent to find and stop Nikolai Dalchimsky quickly and quietly  and either embarrass the KGB or start a full scale nuclear war.
Who is selected.
The politicians learn what is going on.
He is given the assistance.
Eventually  Bortsov discovers the method  he chooses the agents by the first letters of their hometowns  writing his own name in sabotage across America.
Using this information  Bortsov is finally able to track Dalchimsky down and kill him.
However  there are a number.
Barbara has orders to assassinate Bortsov.
He succeeds  in order to get rid of a dangerous loose end.
She is a double agent.
They also tell her to kill Bortsov  they want her to gain the confidence.
When she informs her American superiors.
However  she has fallen with her would-be target.
She informs Bortsov.
Together they blackmail both sides  holding the threat of the remaining Telefon agents over their heads.
<EOS>
Four somewhat drunk American soldiers leave a bar after World War II.
Meanwhile  sixteen-year-old Karin Steinhof has a quarrel in the countryside.
She leaves to change out  and is taken by Sergeant Chuck Snyder and gang raped by him  Corporal Birdwell Scott  Private Joey Haines and Corporal Jim Larkin.
He runs  but is knocked out.
When Frank hears her screams.
The guilt-ridden Larkin lingers behind  he covers the girl before leaving with the others.
The four men are done.
The soldiers are quickly apprehended.
To appease the anger and outrage  General Stafford orders.
Their court martial be held.
The prosecutor  Colonel Jerome Pakenham  seeks the death penalty.
Major Steve Garrett is assigned to defend them.
Garrett tries to plea bargain for long sentences at hard labor in an attempt to save their lives.
Pakenham has such a strong case  he turns it down.
Garrett starts investigating  questioning the residents.
He is followed.
What Garrett considers to be a scandal-seeking newspaper.
Three of the men plead not guilty.
Larkin tries to enter a plea  but is overruled by Garrett.
Garrett produces an army psychiatrist.
Who had been treating Larkin.
The witness testifies.
Larkin is impotent.
Larkin violently denies it  and has to be forcibly removed.
Garrett pleads with Karin s bank manager father  Karl Steinhof  to withdraw her from the trial  stating.
It is too late.
He will have to break her down to save his clients.
He advises Herr Steinof to take his family and leave town.
Steinhof refuses.
Garrett shows  nor is she well liked.
Karin is not as innocent as she first appeared.
He also catches.
Both her and Frank lies to destroy their credibility.
The girl eventually collapses.
His cross examination continues.
Her father withdraws her.
Ensures that the defendants can not be executed.
Three are sentenced at hard labor  Larkin is given a shorter sentence of six years.
The damage has been done  however  the townsfolk turn.
Garrett tells him to take Karin and leave town forever.
Frank attacks him.
The young man takes his advice.
To raise money  he forges his mother s check.
Determined to keep her son  she sends the police after the couple.
Karin runs away.
Frank argues.
Koerner later informs Garrett.
Karin committed suicide  drowning herself.
Shaken  Garrett decides to leave the town without saying too much to the others  finding.
As the last line goes  It is nt very pretty what a town without pity can do.
<EOS>
In Acapulco  lives Leonor  a young and beautiful woman.
Waiting reunite.
Someday  the man reappears to take her away.
But a debt caused a serie of conflicts.
<EOS>
A dysfunctional family encounters a village.
Vacationing. 
<EOS>
The story centers.
Who have recently graduated.
Andy is an awkward  sex-crazed character.
Who frequently masturbates.
Jarod is a handsome and fit jock.
Who is quite insecure.
Griff is a nerdy  well-dressed guy.
Who is secretly.
Nico is the most flamboyant  outgoing  and effeminate.
The four decide to make a pact to have sex by the end of the summer.
Each boy proceeds to pursue sex  with both tragic and comedic results.
Nico tries to secure an online date  but ends up with Muffler s grandfather.
Andy pursues his long-time crush  his math teacher  Mr Puckov  but fails  he instead ends up going threesome.
Jarod seeks out fellow jocks   but ends up dumping him  it starts out successfully.
Order to have sex.
Then Griff chooses Jarod.
Much comes from.
How awkward each boy is and how naive they are about sex.
Each plot backfires horribly.
The boys finally begin to change their attitudes at the end of the film.
<EOS>
The Prize Winner is based on the true story of housewife Evelyn Ryan.
Who helped support her family.
Evelyn s husband  Kelly  failed to support his family.
He had dreamed but lost his singing voice in a car accident  and was often cruel and abusive.
Evelyn wins.
A large freezer  ice buckets  a washing machine  a trip  sleds  boots  a pony  a palm tree  a window  a sports car  a shopping spree in her local grocery store  ice crushers  a camera  dance shoes  a boat motor  pogo sticks  a case of dog food  and a lifetime supply of bird seed.
Kelly   criticizes Evelyn and sometimes damages the prizes.
Who feels as provider for the family is being threatened.
She wins.
Their children side.
Kelly gets angry at his wife and knocks her over.
She is carrying 12 full glass bottles  causing her to nearly sever a ligament.
Evelyn is able to talk him down  he treats her better.
Evelyn is largely isolated.
The lack equals.
However  she is contacted and befriends them.
Ultimately  Evelyn discovers and never made payments  leaving the family subject to an almost-certain foreclosure.
Kelly had secretly taken.
The children pray sponsored by Dr Pepper.
She wins and pays the mortgage.
Set years later  we learn  Evelyn finds out.
After Kelly died.
He has placed his pension checks especially for her.
The actual Ryan children are then shown.
<EOS>
A group of criminal and exiled Americans plot and come up with the plan to imitate a sea monster and blame the deaths on it.
To rid themselves.
An American spy smuggles himself and acts as a narrator and all around good guy  ending up as the only original character to survive until the end.
The sea monster turns out to be real and quite deadly.
The movie concludes.
Sparks Moran  the spy  ends up.
<EOS>
A serial rapist is pursued.
Who gets released.
Who stalk the man and want revenge.
<EOS>
Abraham Van Helsing battles  defeating him using the Scepter of God.
Students are digging for bones of animals at an excavation site.
One student unearths a bone  slowly touches it.
It engulfs his hand.
Simon Magus returns and terrorizes the excavation site.
The scene then shifts Danny Morgan at school.
They return to Michael s house.
Danny sees an old trunk.
Looks to have been shipped.
A Professor Arad shows up and explains.
He is the great great grandson and that he needs to take over the family business in order to save the world.
The professor shows Michael.
Were locked.
The professor claims.
The only thing that can kill Simon Magus is the Scepter.
Magus will terrorize the Earth and destroy all of mankind.
Suddenly Magus bursts  causing Michael and the gang to flee.
They all go.
Magus gives chase  eventually revealing that Danny had buried the Scepter under a tree in his youth.
The gang tracks down the tree  fights Magus  and eventually destroys him.
Back  Michael and Danny s band play at the sweetheart dance  and did not look at the camera.
Where Octavio danced.
The band proclaimed their band s name to be The Van Helsings.
<EOS>
Pink Sweat is the comedic love story.
Pink Sweat Mock Film Fest Overwhelmed  Miya escapes.
When her boyfriend Blair proposes.
Where she meets Pink  a sexy hardcore pink puppet.
Things get hot and heavy.
Miya learns.
How manly a puppet can be.
Blair tries to win Miya back.
It s a stand off.
When suddenly a voice breaks the tension.
Pink s sister  Turquoise -- a puppet dominatrix  leaps from the rooftop hypnotizing Blair.
We travel the globe to see puppet human love.
Has become a worldwide phenomenon.
<EOS>
Mrs Sterling   escapes execution.
Who had been convicted and sentenced to death.
When she is wounded.
A physician convinces the courts.
She is recovering.
She would be able to live if she takes a violence-suppressing drug that he designed.
She violates her parole.
Her parole forbids contact.
A local cop starts investigating her.
When people who are trying to keep her murdered.
<EOS>
Lily Powers works during Prohibition in Erie  Pennsylvania.
Her life has been miserable   her father has had her sleep with many of his customers.
The only man  a cobbler  tells her.
She trusts.
Who admires Friedrich Nietzsche.
She should start afresh and use men to get what she wants.
She sheds no tears.
When Lily s father is killed.
She and her African American co-worker/friend Chico hop train out of town  but are discovered by a railroad worker.
Who threatens to have them thrown.
She says  Wait  ca nt we talk this over.
Lily gets a job at the Gotham Trust.
Though she has no office experience.
The personnel man asks Lily  Have you had any experience.
Her progress  sleeping her way  is shown in a recurring visual metaphor of the movie camera panning ever upward along the edifice of the Gotham Trust s skyscraper  accompanied by the saxophone wail of St.
Louis Blues.
Her second conquest is Jimmy McCoy Jr.
Who recommends her to her next victim  Brody.
Lily eventually ensnares Ned Stevens  a rising young executive engaged.
R.
Carter.
She schemes to have Ann walk.
When J.
R.
Attempts to get Lily to leave Ned alone  she soon adds the older man.
J.
R.
Installs her  with Chico along as a maid.
However   he first shoots the older man  then himself.
When Ned finds her there.
Courtland Trenholm  the playboy grandson  is elected bank president to deal with the resulting public scandal.
He rebuffs Lily s attempt to extort $ 15000 for withholding her diary from the press.
He only offers her a job.
Where she can do no harm.
To maintain her appearance  she has little choice.
To accept.
Some time later   he is surprised and impressed to find her not only still working there  but also promoted to head.
When Courtland goes on business.
He soon falls and marries her.
Courtland is indicted.
He is not responsible.
When the bank fails due.
He begs Lily to return all the gifts.
He showered  so he can finance his defense.
Lily decides to keep them and flee.
However  she changes her mind.
When she realizes that she has finally found a man she can love.
She discovers.
When she returns.
Her husband has shot himself.
The attendant assures her.
Courtland has a good chance.
Courtland opens his eyes  sees Lily  and smiles.
The movie ends.
<EOS>
Lina Cruz is a tough  sharp-witted cheerleader.
A.
Remarries a wealthy man.
Who transfers after her widowed mother.
Lina not only finds herself a fish-out-of-water  she also faces off against Avery  the snobbish and ultra-competitive All-Star cheerleading Captain.
Who leads her own squad  ` The Jaguars   did not vote for her to be Captain.
She is forced to join The Sea Lions.
She goes to check them out and finds Evan  a basketball player  practicing hoops.
Who is also her crush.
He is also Avery s younger brother.
Lina impresses Evan.
The Sea Lions vote her Captain.
When Lina is Captain  Gloria  her friend.
A  is called to help her out.
Lina calls her other friend  Trey  to come and help her out.
The Sea Lions go on and perform  but a fall takes place  so The Jaguars  led by Avery  are there.
Save them.
Lina calls and takes the Sea Lions to an impromptu flavour school to work on their movements.
She later meets Evan waiting there.
Victor  Gloria s boyfriend  befriends him.
The next day  Lina comes up.
The Sea Lions are invited.
The team agrees to double up their practices.
Gloria and Trey are expelled.
When Avery goes and gets Lina in trouble for sneaking them in without approval.
Lina refuses to go but is confronted by Sky.
Evan takes Lina to the party.
Where Gloria and Trey turn up.
Lina and Avery proceed to have a dance.
Lina wins the dance off.
Avery tells her.
She does not belong using multiple racial slurs.
Lina  angered  runs off the dance floor and outside.
Where Evan follows her.
There  sends to take her back to East L.
She breaks up.
A.
Quits being Captain.
There  Lina is confronted  so she stays at Malibu and becomes Captain of The Sea Lions again.
The next day quits because of Lina s routines and practices.
Avery and Kayla approach Lina  Christina  and Sky to tell them.
They are dreaming if they think they have a chance.
Sky loses her temper and tells them to back off  otherwise a fight would start.
Lina then goes to East L.
A.
Where Gloria has persuaded a gym to sponsor the Sea Lions and some.
A.
Rough Riders.
They become The Dream Team.
The next day   Evan kisses her and tells her.
Lina is.
How he feels.
They get back together.
Lina and her team make it and end up defeating The Jaguars.
Which Avery breaks down.
Evan comforts her but motions a call.
Me signal over Avery s shoulder.
The film ends.
<EOS>
The year is 1645 - the middle.
Matthew Hopkins  an opportunist and witchhunter  takes advantage to impose a reign of terror on East Anglia.
Hopkins and his assistant  John Stearne  visit village out of suspected witches.
They charge the local magistrates.
They carry out.
Richard Marshall is a young Roundhead.
He rides home to Brandeston  Suffolk  to visit his lover Sara.
Sara is the niece.
Lowes gives his permission to marry Sara  telling him there is trouble coming to the village.
He wants Sara far away.
It arrives.
Marshall asks Sara.
The old man is frightened.
She tells him they have been threatened and become outcasts.
Marshall vows  rest easy and no-one shall harm you.
I put my oath.
Marshall rides back to join his regiment  and chances upon Hopkins and Stearne on the path.
Marshall gives the two men directions to Brandeston then rides.
Hopkins and Stearne immediately begin rounding up suspects.
Lowes is thrown and tortured.
He has needles stuck  and is about to be killed.
When Sara stops Hopkins.
However  soon Hopkins is called away.
Stearne takes advantage by raping Sara.
Hopkins will have nothing further to do.
When Hopkins returns and finds.
He instructs Stearne to begin torturing Lowes again.
Hopkins and Stearne execute Lowes and two women.
Marshall returns and is horrified by.
What has happened.
He vows to kill both Hopkins and Stearne.
He rides off by himself.
Hopkins and Stearne have become separated.
A Roundhead patrol attempts to commandeer their horses.
Marshall locates Stearne.
Stearne is able to escape.
He reunites and informs him of Marshall s desire for revenge.
Hopkins and Stearne enter the village.
Marshall   learns.
They are there and quickly rides.
Hopkins  however  having earlier learned  has set a trap to capture Marshall.
Sara was.
Hopkins and Stearne frame Marshall and Sara and take them to the castle to be interrogated.
Marshall watches.
Needles are repeatedly jabbed.
He refuses to witchcraft  instead vowing again to kill Hopkins.
He breaks free.
His army compatriots approach their place.
Marshall grabs an axe and repeatedly strikes Hopkins.
The soldiers enter the room and are horrified to see.
What their friend has done.
One puts the mutilated.
Still living Hopkins by shooting him dead.
Marshall s mind snaps.
He shouts  You took him.
<EOS>
The elderly Turnbull sisters want to donate their mansion.
However  their father s will states  there are two weeks left to go.
At least one has to stay in the house every night for twenty years before they can inherit the estate.
Then some strange things start occurring.
A stranger forces his way and brazenly searches the Drew house for related affidavits her lawyer father.
Carson has obtained.
Then  the Turnbulls  chauffeur Phillips dies.
It is uncertain if it was a murder or a suicide.
The frightened old ladies consider leaving their home.
She begins investigating  dragging her boyfriend Ned Nickerson  eventually getting.
When Nancy recognizes the dead man.
Him fired and jailed.
Their ownership is endangered.
When police Captain Tweedy arrests the two sisters.
Nancy and Ned discover a secret passageway in the basement linking it to the neighboring house  owned by Daniel Talbert.
Talbert would make a lot.
A racetrack were to be built.
The Turnbulls had turned down an offer to buy their place.
<EOS>
Charlie plays an actor.
Who bungles several scenes and is kicked out.
He returns convincingly dressed and charms the director.
Charlie never makes it.
The plot is quite popular in old silent movies.
<EOS>
David Banner is a genetics researcher.
Who has figured out how to mutate human DNA so that the body can heal quickly or wound.
He wants to use his research to create supersoldiers.
S.
Army.
Is denied permission to do it  so he experiments.
David realizes.
His wife gives birth.
His mutant DNA has been passed on and attempts to find a cure.
The government  represented by a then-Lieutenant Colonel Thunderbolt Ross  shuts down his research after learning of his dangerous experiments.
David   causes a massive explosion of the facilities  gamma reactor  and  arrives home to try to kill him  but however accidentally murders his wife.
Order to put an end becoming a monster.
When she tries to stop him.
Banner  shocked and petrified  is then put into a mental hospital.
4-year-old Bruce is sent and adopted  suppressing the memories of his biological parents  believing them both to be deceased.
The events surrounding his mother s death and his father s violent attack leaves Bruce unable to recall the details.
He remembers his childhood  but never retains these memories after waking.
Years later  Bruce is a bionuclear researcher.
The military-industrial complex  represented  becomes interested in the research of nanomeds  to build a serum for regenerating soldiers.
David reappears and begins infiltrating Bruce s life  working as a janitor in the lab building.
Ross  now an Army general and the estranged father  also begins to investigate.
He becomes concerned.
Bruce is working.
He is David s son.
Bruce succumbs during a scientific experiment.
Exposes him  causing them to intertwine with Bruce s already-altered DNA.
That night  his father confronts him  revealing their relationship and hinting.
Using samples  he begins experimentation on animals.
The growing rage within Bruce stemming from all of the frustrations and stresses building up around him activates his irradiated DNA  transforming him into the Hulk for the first time.
He returns home.
He destroys the lab.
Where he is found unconscious.
He barely remembers his transformation.
When questioned.
Ross arrives  suspicious  and places him as well as taking over the lab.
That night  David phones Bruce and tells him.
He has unleashed three mutant dogs to track down and kill Betty  whom he is angry and only leaves her to be a test of determining further the Hulk.
He is already enraged.
When he is attacked aggressively for trying to escape the house  triggering another transformation.
The Hulk heads off to Betty s cabin out in the woods and fights the three massive  deformed dogs.
He goes.
Hulk rips them apart  saving Betty.
The next morning  Bruce is tranquilized and taken.
Betty pleads.
Ross remains extremely skeptical  believing.
Bruce will follow.
David breaks into the lab and subjects himself to the nanomeds  gaining the ability to meld with and absorb the properties of anything and killing a police officer.
He can touch.
Who interferes.
Talbot  seeing an opportunity to profit  tries to anger him and obtain a sample of him in his superhuman form.
Talbot puts him and induces a nightmare.
Begins to trigger his repressed memories and transforms him.
David appears at her house and offers to turn himself in  with one condition.
He wants to speak to Bruce one last time  as father and son.
He tells her the whole  cloudy past story  his wife  and Bruce.
Which Betty finally understands what triggers his emotional problems.
The Hulk has escaped the base and fled into the desert.
He battles army forces sent  defeating four Abrams tanks  and four Comanche helicopters.
The Hulk soon learns to make prodigious leaps  an ability.
Verges. 
He makes his way to San Francisco rampaging the streets to find Betty.
Where he is confronted.
Betty contacts her father and convinces him to let her meet the Hulk.
He refuses to do so.
Betty explains.
Continuing to attack the Hulk will make him angrier and stronger.
Seeing her while entirely surrounded  his love for Betty overpowers his rage-induced Hulk state.
He transforms back.
David is allowed to visit the base and talk  albeit under heavily-armed guard.
Ross once again has Bruce imprisoned.
He has descended by this point  and tells Bruce  he tries to convince him assertively to surrender his power.
He wants his real son  the Hulk.
Bruce   refuses.
Who displays his anger.
A power-lusting David bites off an electrical wire.
Where he begins to radioactively ingest all its energy and mutate.
Bruce then transforms to a shore near a lake.
Where the battle starts.
David is beaten.
Repeatedly while trying to absorb his power  but while  David demonstrates he gets more powerful if the Hulk keeps fighting him.
He freezes Hulk and taunts him to release his power.
This reaches.
When Bruce allows his father to absorb his power  which proves too much to control  swelling his body into a huge amorphous form over the water.
Ross orders a Gamma Charge Bomb fired from the F-22 Raptors.
Both are presumed dead.
When no trace is found after the explosion.
Bruce   is unconsciously  remembering.
Who somehow survives the explosion in which David clearly dies in.
When his father said as a child while tucking him in bed  Sweet dreams  which probably hints that his father might ve still loved him.
One year later  Bruce finds exile as a doctor in a medical camp.
He confronts the ringleader.
When soldiers try to steal some medical supplies.
He says.
Do nt make me angry.
Bruce s eyes turn green.
The loud roar of the Hulk can be heard.
The screen fades.
<EOS>
Jeremy learns.
His fiancee  Kerri  wants to call off their wedding.
He tries to determine.
What caused this sudden decision.
The unmarried couple return to sort out their relationship.
He hangs out  his old friends.
When Jeremy gets home.
Who have made.
Their activities have begun to unnerve one unfortunate homeowner.
Jeremy  Gil and Biscuit go about women and Jeremy s aborted wedding.
Meanwhile  Kerri and her best friend Marty go  she is pregnant.
When Marty tells her.
The next morning Jeremy s friend  Shane  comes to visit.
Biscuit and Gil throw him another bachelor party.
The bachelor party goes awry.
When the stripper Biscuit hired arrives  and is revealed to be a transvestite  who tells Jeremy that she saw Kerri the night before.
Everyone thinks.
She is.
Gil and Biscuit take Jeremy and Shane to go mess again.
Mr Victim has become paranoid and shoots wildly.
Faced to Kerri s.
He can talk.
She tells him.
He took her.
Jeremy tells her.
He would do anything to have her back  just as Gil walks in  telling them that Marty is beating up Biscuit.
Biscuit  thinking  asked Marty.
Marty and Kerri were gay.
He could be their manager.
The men learn.
Marty is pregnant  and that Gil is the father.
Kerri and Jeremy give Gil and Marty their plane tickets.
Were so the new couple can have some alone time.
Kerri and Jeremy hold hands  hinting.
<EOS>
The film opens noir black and white scene -- for trying to return a late video.
Where a 1940s style detective shoots a villain.
The lights come up  revealing.
We are watching a commercial.
The detective is Neil  the store s owner.
Who is premiering the ad.
His girlfriend Denise   does not show up.
Who appears.
The next day  Neil meets Denise.
He gets a waiter to spill a glass on her  just to watch her overreact.
He goes.
She is not amused  and tells him he needs to get his life together instead of just watching movies and playing immature games.
He casually breaks up  telling her she is not enough like Katharine Ross in Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid.
Back  Neil is watching a film with his friend/employee Jonathan   turning his head.
When femme fatale Violet makes her entrance.
Violet has no identification or credit card  so she persuades him to take $ 50 cash.
He puts.
She surreptitiously steals back the deposit  making.
When she returns.
Him think he lost it.
She says.
He can take her out.
Violet arrives first and pretends.
She has already gotten really drunk.
She reveals her joke.
When Neil does not try to take advantage.
They proceed.
They go to a Media Giant store - his corporate competitor - and hide in a closet and knock over some displays while fleeing.
After the employees lock up  then they switch a bunch of DVDs into the wrong cases.
The next day  they spy and see an employee talking to a police officer.
Later  police detectives drop to question Neil about the Media Giant.
Violet appears.
They have completely scared him.
She and the cops begin laughing hysterically.
A flummoxed Neil secretly trails Violet back.
Where they end up.
Another day  Neil is leaving to meet Violet.
When he runs.
Violet feeds them another party s picnic meal and leaves them to answer.
Neil tries to make their next date quieter.
A bored Violet then does not want to stay the night.
Later  he goes to see a band play and spies her flirting with a musician.
Jealous  he stages a rock guitar scene at their next date.
She reveals.
They have sex.
She just staged the club scene and tells him  including a bald  Polish  avant garde musician who stalks her from city to city.
Paranoid  Neil imagines.
Every bald white guy he sees is the stalker until Violet stages a scene where she has been tied by her ex  the Bald Giant  who turns out to be her friend Denis.
Frustrated  Neil breaks up with her.
Neil runs and realizes she created.
He treated her somewhat like Violet has treated him  and that he misses Violet and the excitement.
So  he does.
When she calls and tells him to come.
She tricks him  thinking.
It is another one.
He is shot and chased.
Neil is exhilarated.
Violet takes the money and lets.
Him know he has been used.
Neil is very distraught.
Violet returns to say.
The breakup was a joke too.
Neil is initially infuriated.
Violet convinces him.
His life is more interesting and adventurous.
They make up and drive off.
<EOS>
Karl Guenther is a conscientious landlord.
Who looks out.
Jessica  the rising young soap opera star  Harriet  a sensuous and vivacious secretary  Sophie  an accomplished pianist  and Lori  a young college student  all live.
Who enjoys wild affairs.
Who has just moved.
Karl s well kept apartments.
The only discord is the tap  tap  tap sound from the crawlspace above their rooms.
Karl tells them it s only rats.
It is Karl spying on them.
One  the tenants  become his victims  each one put to a gruesome test.
Only Lori remains alive to disclose the diabolical Karl.
She enters the crawlspace -- she is alone capable of anything.
<EOS>
The setting is a high fantasy  and dull  protracting their campaigns against each other without end.
Dark Ages Europe in which desperate and bloodthirsty warlords fight brutal battles are all brittle  prone to wear and tear.
Word spreads of the Northern tribes  an adept blacksmith capable of crafting far hardier  stronger  sharper and more durable weapons than any other known to exist with aid of a mystical element.
The warlords search of weapons to no avail.
A former druid chieftain named Zhadoba  jaded and believing the Radiant Gods have abandoned him  learns of the identity and whereabouts of the blacksmith and his coveted weapons  more valuable then any gold in such a time.
Zhadoba s heart is hardened to mercy and replaced with greed and bloodlust.
Bringing even the feared warlord  the Man-Eater   Zhadoba massacres an entire people  the Clan of The Grey Hounds  including their blacksmith  and takes his legendary weapons.
The only survivor  the blacksmith s fair-haired son  witnesses the slaughter and bites at Zhadoba s tattooed hand.
Zhadoba orders the boy to be sent into the savage mines of The Crystal Mountains.
To live a life there  in conditions.
Will no doubt kill the boy anyway.
The boy cheats death through sheer determination and will  his strength becomes powerful through many years of hard labor  scarred by violence  and his prowess honed by a hunger for revenge.
His only companions were disheartened  tortured slaves and a strangely intelligent bat  Ragged Wing.
Who is destined to become his constant companion.
He became a wanderer known as Wolfhound  and becomes known as a great and fearless warrior  a true master of weapons like his father before him.
Wolfhound finally conquers his archenemy.
He also frees two prisoners  the sage and healer Tilorn  and slave-girl Niilit.
Wolfhound accompanies them.
Has been thrown.
The power-crazed forces are poised to attack the city with their superior weapons at any moment.
Zhadoba believes.
He can resurrect the ancient Dark Goddess Morana and draw power from her.
The King  to save the city from destruction  is giving his daughter away in marriage to Vinitar  a young.
Who promises to protect Galirad - and who also happens to be the son.
Princess Elen must travel  and asks Wolfhound to be her guard in this dangerous journey.
Wolfhound agrees to serve the princess and is caught up.
The true purpose is gradually revealed  a secret which could plunge the world into an eternal living nightmare.
<EOS>
Marvin Payne is a World War II army air force veteran trying to make it.
He has the misfortune of being roomed next to the reluctant bride Dee Dee Dillwood and her rather formal husband Henry Benson.
A ruckus causes Payne to become enmeshed.
Hiding  Payne assumes.
The rather vague Miss Dillwood is a penniless country girl come.
He grudgingly agrees to give her a lift and encourages her to go back to her parents.
All the while Payne does not realize.
Miss Dillwood is independently wealthy.
The married man vows.
She was to sleep with was the man she had just exchanged.
Meanwhile  Payne s fellow veteran and co-pilot  Bullets Baker encourages Payne to relax and enjoy life.
His encouragements to join him and a couple for a few laughs fall on deaf ears.
It is.
That Baker finds a girl.
A rough and tumble flight result in a number of surprises  not the least of.
Is that Marvin discovers he cares.
<EOS>
Kudirithe Cup Coffee is a simple story.
The hero  Venu s friend commits suicide.
Who give up life or have met  cause pain to family friends by taking such an impetuous decision.
He begins distancing her.
When a woman takes a liking and gives a peck on his cheek.
He has a set image  and when the distance widens he realizes what it means to stay without her.
<EOS>
Sherly is an orphan.
Who is sponsored.
The sponsorship is continued by his son Roy.
Who is a rich businessman.
But Sherly does not know.
She comes.
She meets Roy still.
He is her sponsor.
Alex introduces his brother Baby to Roy.
Baby starts working in his firm.
Baby meets Sherly and falls in love with her  but her mind has already gone for Roy  still without knowing.
He is her sponsor.
She rejects Baby.
Later Sherly finds.
Roy has no feelings  although he is secretly in love with her but does not wish to reveal it because of the age gap between them and also because Baby confuses her by lying to her that Roy and Elsie were in love for a long time and could nt marry because of Roy s father.
Sherly is extremely frustrated.
Goes and lies to her that she is pregnant with Roy s baby.
Elsie is shocked and goes to his office and scolds him for his irresponsibility.
Roy tells her.
It was not him.
He calls Sherly and shouts at her thinking.
She is pregnant and lied to the doctor that she was pregnant with his baby.
She tells him and tells him.
She was lying to break them up and also to prove her love.
She can not live.
However  Mother Superior tells Roy.
She was going to be sent to learn music and also that she was allowed to become a nun now.
She decides to became a nun.
She does nt want and plans to leave to Italy due to her gratitude towards Mother and her sponsor.
So she sees Roy and tells him about this and.
She can not see him anymore.
She also meets Baby and tells him everything.
She is an orphan and that she is going to be a nun.
He  however  still was willing to marry her but she tells him.
She is.
He did not accept her.
She decided to become a nun.
He insists her.
Who she is.
She tells him.
It is Roy.
He goes to Roy s office and shouts at him for.
What he did.
But she wants to see her unknown sponsor.
Who has blessed her all her life and so Roy comes to the orphanage revealing that he is the sponsor that was unknown for so long and comforts her by wanting to marry her.
<EOS>
Kyle Johnson is a popular basketball player.
Who has never known.
He is often told.
He is the luckiest person he has ever known.
He is always finding money   he never misses a shot.
He does nt have to bring lunch money.
When playing basketball.
He guesses  only to have them be all correct.
When he has nt finished his social studies test.
One day he visits an Irish carnival.
Where he finds that he ca nt stop step dancing along.
He is knocked down.
He notices.
When he gets back up.
Something feels different.
The next day  he has the unluckiest day.
He loses his lunch money  his home brought  he ca nt find his homework.
Lunch spills all.
He misses every shot.
The anger is evident.
A student walks and scowls at him.
Kyle s mother suddenly reveals to him.
They are Irish.
She begins to do Irish things.
Strange things start to happen  his ears become pointed  his hair starts turning red.
He starts to become shorter.
He realizes.
Someone has stolen his lucky gold coin.
Kyle hurries home to find.
His mom has shrunk.
The truth is then revealed.
His mother is a leprechaun.
Kyle is only.
His dad is.
It also turns out.
The gold coin he wore was the OReilly s lucky coin  a magic coin.
The coin   allows all the leprechauns  and brings good luck to them all.
When. 
But  the family is down now.
The coin is gone.
Reverting. 
Kyle also finds out.
He has a 200-year-old grandpa  who s been with his mom.
But  they decide to chase.
When Kyle  his family  and his friends put their heads together.
Who has stolen their luck.
Kyle learns.
Your past is nt always as important.
It makes you.
Who you are.
Kyle also has to make some serious and risky bets.
Sometimes it takes more than luck.
Kyle defeats Seamus and banishes him to live forever trapped.
<EOS>
The plot involves the Olsen Gang.
They plan to become millionaires.
The movie starts.
The others run away.
The gang plan.
Egon is set free.
Is worth 12 million.
The gang sets the plan in action and steal the golden statue.
Their car runs out of gas.
The police come take the car.
Constantly chased  they manage to get the statue back and hide it in Kjeld s pram.
Unfortunately  Kjeld s wife Yvonne is mad and takes it away and plans on going back to her mother.
The gang now chases and finally succeed on getting the pram back.
Egon makes a little speech.
Before he realizes that the statue is not.
Egon goes mad and leaves Benny and Kjeld.
He chases.
Kjeld and Benny however walk back home.
Turns out.
Yvonne did nt go and came back to Kjeld while Benny is driven home by Ulla.
Egon is caught.
Where Yvonne was supposed to be.
Two years later Egon is released.
The gang continues to break the law.
<EOS>
The film begins capturing a Clow Card  with Tomoyo videotaping the event and Kero and Meiling cheering for the two.
Later that night  Sakura has a strange dream.
The next day  everyone receives their report cards.
All but Meiling got good grades.
Syaoran is nervous  but is relieved.
He got decent grades to show her.
Sakura and Tomoyo go shopping and visit Maki s shop.
Where Sakura plays a lotto and wins a trip.
Sakura invites Tomoyo to go  and wants her father to go too.
However   he is unable to.
That leaves Toya  much.
But she is cheered up.
When Yukito decides to go as well.
They fly to Hong Kong.
Once there  Sakura feels a strange presence.
She is separated and hypnotized into nearly falling into water.
Syaoran suddenly appears and snaps her out.
Meanwhile  Tomoyo runs.
Who explains that she and Syaoran have returned.
She offers them to come back.
Sakura can change clothes.
There  they meet Syaoran s four older sisters and his mother.
Who takes an immediate interest and invites them to sleep over  much to Syaoran s chagrin.
Sakura is later warned.
A powerful magical force is following Sakura.
Syaoran is forced.
However  Sakura encounters a woman.
She has been feeling.
The spirit captures Toya  Yukito  Tomoyo  and Meiling.
Sakura and Syaoran team up to save their friends.
Sakura frees Tomoyo.
Syaoran fights the woman.
However Syaoran is defeated and captured.
He orders Sakura to run and save everyone.
Coming back Sakura tries and fails to find the book.
Transported them.
Now back Kero tells Sakura and Tomoyo a tale of.
When Clow Reed met and feel.
His magic had caused her to use the magic.
She vowed revenge.
Sakura remembers the well and realises.
When trying to figure out how to go back.
That s the place to go.
Arriving the three find out there is a barrier around the well house.
When trying to figure out how to get hear footsteps coming toward them.
Syaoran s mother shows up and splits the barrier.
Telling Tomoyo to stay  Sakura goes alone.
Kero tells Sakura to think.
Going through.
Where she wants to go.
She thinks  she arrives.
I want to go.
The birds are there and flies away.
Sakura runs and arrives.
She opens the door to find water filled up.
Walking she swims.
The woman demands to know.
Where Clow Reed is  and that she has been using her magic to summon him.
Only Sakura appeared.
Sakura tells the spirit.
Clow Reed has been dead.
The woman attacks Sakura and demands the truth.
Sadly saying she has been waiting for a long time.
Sakura realizes.
The woman loved Clow Reed after he gave her a hair flower pendent.
Finally the woman believes.
Clow Reed is dead.
The woman dissolves into water  leaving only the pendent.
She has cherished  which dissolves a minute after she s gone.
Everyone is free to normal.
The film concludes and are about to return to Japan.
Everyone does not remember anything.
The three says that that s a good thing.
But the movie ends.
She has a feeling she has not seen the last.
<EOS>
The Hipster Squirrel is  and decides to get some sleep.
His sleep is disturbed.
What he thinks is a woodpecker.
Porky Pig is chopping his own tree.
The squirrel zips open a door and removes the blade off of Porky s axe then tosses it on Porky s head.
The squirrel covers the base  riveting it in and painting it to look like the tree.
Porky goes away to get more axes.
Porky comes back a lot  and proceeds to chop.
The blades keep breaking.
Unknown  the squirrel is handing Porky every available axe until he.
Himself becomes one.
He manages to stop Porky and demands.
He stops chopping that tree.
But Porky s not.
The squirrel is reading a newspaper.
He hears a sawing noise  looks outside  and sees Porky sawing the tree down.
The squirrel pulls the saw.
He is sandwiched and launched in the air  landing in a pond.
When Porky tries to saw back.
Porky then chases the squirrel up the tree  but is stopped.
Who then cuts the pig s suspenders making him fall.
Almost immediately  Porky is on the other side of the tree with a shotgun  and fires.
He shoots the branch  and hands him a fruit basket.
He s standing on.
The squirrel runs inside.
Porky then falls due.
The squirrel then runs down  but intentionally places it next to.
Where Porky ends up crashing.
Porky is disoriented.
The squirrel squeezes two bananas.
He s holding  giving him a funny-looking mustache.
The squirrel is convinced.
Porky is defeated  but is met.
A chase down the tree ensues.
Porky then shoots  but is met with some fierce growling  scaring him.
Those growls turned out to be the squirrel imitating a bear.
Who scares Porky up a branch.
The squirrel then goes back inside  laughing.
Porky tries one last scheme.
He brings.
He places.
Porky lights the fuse.
It ends up blowing the hollow log  awakening a real bear.
Scares both Porky and the squirrel.
They both run away  allowing the bear to occupy the squirrel s tree  wearing his pajamas  and reading the newspaper.
<EOS>
The scene opens.
She moos.
She walks away  tail and udders swaying to Turkey in the Straw.
Bosko appears and does a Mexican style dance.
The cow s pants drop  revealing polka-dotted underwear.
Bosko points and laughs.
The cow pulls her pants back and walks off in a huff -- with her nose up and tail held erect.
Next  Bosko laughs heartily.
The horse laughs back.
He then climbs and uses a whip to play the horse s tail like a violin.
He tunes the horse.
The horse seems to enjoy the music and dances.
He skates along  floats a few feet and makes swishing movements  with his hoofs  as if mimicking a mop.
Bosko then takes a rake and starts playing it.
The horse begins trotting.
The scene cuts.
They start bouncing on their rears in tune to the music.
The mother duck starts to sway.
The ducklings follow her lead.
One  crosses its legs and whispers something in the mother duck s ear.
She undoes a flap   presumably to relieve himself.
If he was wearing pants  and motions him.
She replaces the flap and they all jump.
When he returns.
The scene moves back.
It seems to be an exact repeat  with Bosko playing the horse s tail.
The horse goes.
Bosko eventually slides and goes to feed the pigs.
Who seem to be squealing.
He tilts.
A trash can.
They eat greedily.
One finds a bottle of booze and tries to loosen the cork.
Eventually  he manages to open it using the other piglet s tail.
Bubbles begin to float out.
The piglets pop them merrily  making xylophone-like sounds.
Play How dry I am.
They soon get drunk.
Their father comes over and starts drinking too.
He laughs and sings One Little Drink  using nonsense syllables.
He gestures expressively and flings the bottle away.
Shatters. 
Bosko becomes soaked and inebriated.
He walks over.
They sing Sweet Adeline together  barbershop style.
The father pig launches again.
The effort causes him to belch up a corn cob.
Looking embarrassed  he uses his belly button and puts the cob back inside.
He starts to sing again.
Bosko helps him reach by pulling his tail.
Deflates him temporarily.
Bosko and the pigs dance some more.
<EOS>
The story revolves.
Where a new star Sunny has been included.
All this creates hatred.
Sunny respects him.
Ronny decides to take revenge  meanwhile a terrorist decides to put a bomb in the field.
Where a match is to be organised.
DIG Vikram Singh comes to know and goes on to prevent the attack  saving thousands of lives.
Sunny also becomes a star.
<EOS>
Oliver Beresford is a controlling and uncompromisingly rigid father.
He bans her.
When shameful stories surface.
Her brother David is training.
He has secretly wed Nan Higgins  the stepdaughter  and has fathered  then abandoned his child.
Nan travels up.
Where she becomes a prostitute after the baby is born.
Judith goes  to make a career for herself  and finds Nan and her baby.
As the young woman is dying.
Judith decides to raise the child.
Later she returns  on the day  and confronts him with the child in front of the congregation.
David is to be ordained.
Hail the Woman.
Com database.
<EOS>
Set during the long hot summer of 1976  a keen drama teacher Vivienne fights sweltering heat and general teenage apathy to put on an end of year rock and roll musical version of Shakespeare s The Tempest.
David Bowie would be proud.
To engage her students  she uses hits.
<EOS>
Tsatsiki s girlfriend Maria suddenly brakes their relationship  she does nt believe something  and hates Tsatsiki s flowers because krukvaxter ger man bara till gamlingar.
A few days later his best friend Per Hammar also leaves Tsatsiki.
Tsatsiki made him unlucky.
Later Tsatsiki  Morsan and Goran will travel.
Where Tsatsiki s father  grandfather and cousin Elena live.
A few days.
She does nt believe it and says is.
He can go and after that tell her what love.
He can learn there.
But it comes problems  Niclas says  but soon Tsatsiki allows Morsan to go and instead he lets Grandpa go to Greece.
When they re going.
He  Morsan and their rock group will go to Japan.
Where Tsatsiki s paternal grandfather who is terminally ill and Elena tells him what love is.
They fought against the germans.
His paternal grandfather dies he shows Tsatsiki and grandfather the place where he first met Tsatsiki s grandmother who was a member like him during World War II.
He goes and apologizes.
When he comes back home.
They go  together  to Strommen.
Where it s a fishing competition which Tsatsiki and Per planned before Tsatsiki made him unlucky.
Later he goes and tells her.
He learnt in Greece.
She loves him again.
Now he understands.
The most alone person is he/she who does nt have any friend.
Morfar  vet du vad jag tycker ar viktigast.
<EOS>
Gracie and Laurie are lovers.
Who together form a musical act.
Gracie sings.
Laurie writes the songs  but  he runs off.
When Laurie gets a taste.
<EOS>
The film opens.
Which white and black students argue.
Mark says.
He is willing to die  but not for the cause  which draws criticism from the young white radicals.
Mark visits a police station hoping to bail his roommate out of jail.
He is told to wait but goes  asks further about bail for his roommate  is rebuffed  calls out to the arrested students and faculty and is arrested himself.
He gives his name.
A duty officer types.
Mark and another friend buy firearms  saying.
He is released.
They need them to protect our women.
Successful real estate executive Lee Allen reviews a television commercial for Sunny Dunes  a new resort-like real estate development in the desert.
The slickly produced.
Commercial features casually dressed  smiling mannequins.
Allen talks with his associate about the greater Los Angeles area s very rapid growth as the two drive through crowded streets.
Mark goes.
Some students are.
At least one is shot.
Mark reaches.
A Los Angeles policeman is seen being fatally shot.
It is unclear.
Mark flees the campus and rides a city bus  steals a small plane and flies into the desert.
Where   he walks to Hawthorne Municipal Airport.
Meanwhile Daria  a sweet  pot-smoking post-teenybopper suspiciously questions Daria.
Hidden  Mark takes aim and almost shoots the policeman.
Daria stands to block this  apparently saving the policeman s life.
He drives away.
Mark tells Daria  then shallowly buries it.
The gun is unloaded.
Getting back  they paint it with politically charged slogans and psychedelic colors.
Daria pleads to travel with her and leave the plane.
Mark is intent.
It involves.
He flies back the plane at the airport in Hawthorne  however  the police are waiting for him.
Patrol cars chase the plane down the runway.
Mark tries to turn the taxiing plane around across the grass and is shot to death by one of the policemen.
Daria soon learns to her boss Lee s lavish desert home  a desert Berchtesgaden.
<EOS>
Mani Kongo is the king.
His only daughter  Mwana  left to study being a doctor.
Contact has been lost.
Mani Kongo decides to travel in search of his beloved daughter.
He will have to cope with the very best and the very worst of the black diaspora  as well as with prejudices rampant in European society.
He himself will find good friends.
Nothing is ever black or white.
<EOS>
Adimakal Udamakal is a political multi star film and its functioning in factories.
The film also shows the nexus and factory owners dumping workers for their selfish deeds.
The film stars Mammootty and Mohanlal.
The film was well received.
<EOS>
Manohara is an unemployed youth.
Who is always looked down.
However his uncle is very supportive.
One day he invents electricity producing machine.
Order to prove that he is capable.
Things goes wrong.
His invention end up.
He lands up.
Later everyone starts to think.
Manohara is mentally unstable.
He starts drinking and even fights his close friend.
He is mistakenly captured thinking.
Going home.
He is the same guy who escaped the mental facility.
Some doctors manufacture new records to prove and is suffering.
Manohara is Mahendra.
Mahendra accidentally sees Devika  a mental patient and falls in love with her.
He escapes and spends three to four days roaming with her outside.
Love develops.
Devika discloses her tragic flashback.
He had already won many patient s hearts.
When he is released.
They are filled to see him go out.
Yograj Bhat has given a message by Devika to Manohara  Look properly at the world not only you but everyone are mad.
You are just one.
Actors have added effect to the movie.
Manasaare songs are slow and melodious.
The lyrics are excellent.
<EOS>
The film opens.
Florence Marr walks the Greenberg family dog  Mahler.
She picks and heads back to his house.
Where the entire family is packing to Vietnam.
Phillip explains.
His brother  Roger  will be staying while they are away.
He asks Florence to help Roger.
He needs anything.
His wife  Carol  confides.
Roger has just been released after suffering a nervous breakdown.
He calls Florence to ask.
When Roger arrives.
Florence explains.
They are neighbors who are allowed to use the pool.
She comes.
She has a very brief and awkward conversation  before offering to pick up groceries for him.
He gives her a two-item list  requesting whiskey and ice cream sandwiches.
Roger s friend Ivan Schrank stops and invites him to a barbecue at their mutual friend Eric Beller s.
Roger is uncomfortable.
Eric is visibly hostile.
He runs.
She agrees to meet up for some drinks.
He explains.
He is to simply do nothing for a while.
She replies.
It is brave to have no ambition.
Eric and Roger have dinner.
Where Eric vents his anger that Roger declined a major label recording contract that their band was offered fifteen years ago.
Eric marvels  given.
Ivan will even talk anymore.
Devastated Ivan was.
Roger insists.
Conforming would have been impossible for the band.
Meanwhile  he calls Florence to meet up.
She picks him up.
He does not drive.
They stop.
She forgot.
Roger comes.
They begin to have sex.
Having just come out  Florence stops Roger  not wanting to have meaningless sex.
One day  Roger notices.
Mahler is lethargic.
He calls Florence to take them.
Where they learn that the dog has an auto-immune disease.
Roger did not want to get involved.
They keep escalating their relationship.
They encounter each other.
It is her turn to be uncomfortable.
When Roger meets up.
She barely remembers their relationship  whereas  he remembers the most minute details together.
Roger muses and had kids.
They would have probably gotten married.
She says and abruptly asks.
When Roger asks her out.
It would be a ` terrible idea.
They end up.
Florence and Roger finally have sex.
Where he yells for always coming back to him.
He does not want to get involved.
The next day  Roger remorsefully calls her.
Florence is getting drunk alone.
She confesses.
She is due to have an abortion the next day.
Roger convinces her to let him take her.
Ivan has to drive Roger and Florence.
He does not drive.
She undergoes a general anaesthetic and stays.
Back  Sara has turned up.
She is heading with her friend  Muriel.
They throw a house party.
Roger does drugs.
Ivan shows up and gets with Roger.
Where his hurt feelings come up.
Roger confesses.
He had no idea that his personal concerns would put a stop to the entire deal.
He admits.
Both Ivan and Roger bemoan the fact  however  Ivan has made peace.
They have ended up that they did not plan to have.
Dejected  Roger ends up calling Florence s phone and leaving her a long voice mail.
Where he confesses that he really likes her.
The next day  Roger s niece invites him.
He jumps.
He convinces the neighbors.
He changes his mind.
Instead  he goes to pick up Florence.
They return.
The film closes.
She listens.
<EOS>
Two teenagers go to the big city and wind up in the house and trance scene.
The boy ends up spending his days smoking weed  the girl encounters the use and runs into the drug underworld selling XTC.
They loose contact.
<EOS>
Billionaire media mogul William Bill Parrish is considering a merger.
Also. 
He begins to hear mysterious voices.
He tries.
His youngest daughter Susan  an internal medicine resident  is involved.
She is considering marriage.
Her father is not favorably impressed.
He simply says  Stay open.
When she asks.
Who knows.
She is instantly enamored but fails to even get his name.
Minutes  the man is struck by multiple cars in.
What appears to be a remarkably serious motor vehicle accident.
The grim reaper arrives at Bill s home in the body of the young man  explaining.
Bill s impassioned speech has piqued his interest.
Death tells Bill.
Bill shall be his guide on Earth.
Bill agrees.
Death places himself and establishes a constant presence in Bill s home and work.
Susan finds Joe appealing  but can not understand.
He is treating her.
Bill s best efforts -- knowing them now to be his last -- fail to keep events.
To navigate the next few days.
Drew is secretly conspiring  so he capitalizes on Bill s strange behavior to convince the board to vote him out as Chairman  using information given to him inadvertently by Bill s son-in-law Quince to push through approval for the merger.
Bill had decided to oppose.
Quince is devastated.
What happens as all but one other member of the board vote him out.
Susan falls deeply with Joe.
Who   becomes attracted to her as well.
Bill angrily confronts him.
Death intends to take Susan for his own.
Bill makes a last attempt to demonstrate the meaning of true love and all it encompasses -- especially honesty and sacrifice.
His last birthday arrives.
Realizing finally  he abandons his plans to take her.
Love means having to sacrifice his desire to take Susan so that she can live her life.
He also comes in regaining control of his company  exposing Drew s underhanded business dealings to the board by revealing himself as an agent of the Internal Revenue Service and threatening to put Drew in jail.
Bill devotes his remaining time.
Joe also says his last goodbye  admitting in veiled terms.
He is nt what he appears to be.
She senses something but is unable or unwilling to vocalize this realization.
Joe escorts Bill away.
A fireworks show marks the end.
She then is astonished to see Joe return.
Whether it s the young man she met at the coffee shop.
The young man  unaware approaches Susan.
What events have transpired until his return.
Susan  somewhat caught off guard  questions the young man with  What do we do now.
The young man quoted her father saying.
Lightning could strike.
<EOS>
Sarasa s father is arrested for being a debtor.
She goes.
The collector s widowed sister Janaki and her niece take pity.
They are driven out by the angry collector.
They take refuge.
Munuswamy dies and Janaki cares as her own.
This causes outrage.
Munuswamy s house is burned down.
The child Saroja changes everyone s mind.
<EOS>
Chapman University hosts a televised interview.
She tells a story in October.
Tyler s husband  Will  is mysteriously murdered one night in his sleep  leaving her to raise their two children  Ashley and Ronnie.
Tyler tapes hypnotherapy sessions.
Of whom have the same experience.
Tyler puts two under hypnosis.
Both patients recount similar terrifying stories.
Tommy Fisher  her first patient to go  returns home  kills his family and commits suicide.
Abbey suspects.
These patients may have been victims.
There is evidence.
She herself may have been abducted when an assistant gives her a tape recorder  the tape plays her voice and then there is the sound of something entering her home and attacking her.
The attacker speaks.
Abbey  though  has no memory.
Dr Abel Campos  a psychologist and Tyler s colleague  is suspicious of the claims.
Later  Tyler calls.
Who was a contact  to identify the mysterious language that is spoken during the supposed abductions.
Odusami identifies the language.
Later  Tyler s daughter  Ashley  is abducted.
Sheriff August  not believing  accuses her of her daughter s disappearance and remove Ronnie from her custody.
Ronnie  though  goes.
Tyler undergoes hypnosis.
Campos and Odusami videotape the session  and once hypnotized  it is revealed  showing part.
Tyler witnessed the abduction and also shows scenes of her own abduction.
It is hinted.
They possibly took some human egg cells as well.
The camera scrambles.
Abbey begs  the creature replies  saying.
Abducted Ashley to return her.
Its own child was never returned.
Then calls its self the savoir  then the father and finally ends.
It shows.
When the camera unscrambles.
All three are gone.
The film cuts.
Which she explains that all three were abducted.
What happened.
The film returns.
She wakes up after breaking her neck in the abduction.
There  Sheriff August reveals.
Will had actually committed suicide  showing that Abbey s belief that he was murdered was merely a delusion.
Later it is shown.
Abbey is paralyzed  presumably due.
The film then returns.
Where the Interviewer asks Abbey how they  he and the viewers  can believe her if most was only in her mind  Abbey tearfully tells him that she has to believe that Ashley is still alive.
Abbey breaks down.
It states  leaves Alaska for the East Coast  but still continues to search for Ashley.
Abbey was cleared.
Campos remains.
A psychologist and Odusami becomes a professor.
Both men  as well as Sheriff August refuse to be involved.
Abbey s son Ronnie remains estranged and still blames her for Ashley s disappearance.
However  Ashley is never found.
The TV host then leaves the conclusions up.
Audio recordings of people recounting UFO sightings begin to play.
<EOS>
Two hundred years  military scientists on the outer space vessel USM Auriga create a clone of Ellen Ripley  using DNA from blood samples taken before her death.
They extract the embryo  raise it  and collect its eggs for further use.
Had been growing at the time of her death.
The Ripley clone is kept alive.
She develops enhanced strength and reflexes  acidic blood  and an empathic link with the Aliens.
A group arrive in their ship  the Betty  delivering several kidnapped humans in stasis.
The military scientists use the kidnapped humans  raising several adult Aliens for study.
The Betty crew soon encounter Ripley.
Call recognizes her name and tries to kill her  believing.
She may be used to create more Aliens.
Call is too late  the Aliens have already matured and quickly escape confinement  damaging the Auriga and killing most.
Military scientist Dr Wren reveals.
The ship s default command is to return to Earth.
Realizing this will unleash the Aliens.
Surviving Alien host Purvis decide to head and use it to destroy the Auriga.
Several are killed by Aliens.
The group make their way.
Call is revealed to be an android.
Wren betrays the group.
Using her ability to interface  she sets it on a collision course with Earth  hoping to destroy the Aliens in the crash.
Wren takes Call hostage  demanding she abort the collision.
Purvis holds Wren s head just as the Alien embryo.
He is carrying bursts  causing it to go through Wren s head and kill him.
Ripley discovers  it can give birth to live offspring.
The Alien queen has gained a human ability as well  now possessing a womb.
The resulting newborn  bearing a mixture  recognizes Ripley as its mother and kills the Alien queen and Dr Gediman.
Ripley and the surviving mercenaries make their way.
The newborn hybrid attacks Call and kills DiStefano.
They launch.
Ripley kills it  causing the creature to be sucked violently through the hole and into the vacuum of space.
The survivors escape collides into Earth.
<EOS>
Robinson plays the role during World War II  Captain Bart Manson.
Who rescues Katherine Hall when her ship is sunk.
The couple marry.
Manson s ship is subsequently sunk as well.
Hall becomes a prime suspect.
She was carrying no identification when rescued.
However Manson later discovers.
His First Mate Fred Adamson is a German agent responsible for the sinking.
Hall is cleared.
<EOS>
Harry Sanborn is a wealthy New York music mogul.
Who has had a 40-year habit  including his latest conquest  Marin Klein.
The two drive expecting to be alone  but are surprised by Marin s mother  successful playwright Erica Barry.
Who is there.
The night turns disastrous.
When -- -- Harry has a heart attack and is rushed to a hospital.
The doctor  Julian Mercer  tells Harry to stay nearby  so Harry ends up staying with Erica.
Their personalities clash and make.
They get to know each other.
The fact leave the two struggling to deal.
Harry is dating her daughter and that Julian has fallen.
Marin and Harry agree to break up.
He and Erica spend more time together and eventually consummate their relationship.
Harry discovers  so he heads home.
His improving health means that he no longer has to stay.
Marin receives news.
Her father  Erica s ex-husband  whom Erica still allows to direct her plays  is getting remarried.
Marin is devastated and pressures her mother.
Erica is unaffected.
Erica is the life.
She sees Harry.
Follows. 
What he believes is another heart attack.
He is told.
Who treats him  that it was only a panic attack.
Erica figures.
She is heartbroken.
These events would be great to use.
Harry hears and rushes to the NYC theater.
Where it is being rehearsed.
It is quickly obvious.
She has used the most personal details in the play.
Erica coolly rebuffs his every insinuation and hints.
He cares.
His character will die -- for a laugh.
He then has another panic attack and is again treated.
Who warns him that he needs to learn.
Six months pass.
Erica s play is a huge success.
Harry pays Marin a visit to apologize.
He ever did to hurt her.
She replies and happily tells him.
He was nothing but nice.
She is pregnant and has a new husband.
Harry expresses a desire to see Erica.
Marin tells him.
Her mother is celebrating her birthday.
Harry decides to surprise Erica.
Remembering  he shows up.
They had once planned to spend their birthdays together there.
Where she is seated.
Harry explains.
He reached out to all of the women he ever had affairs with  and even though repeatedly rebuffed at first  finally broke through.
They all had identical harsh stories.
Helped him learn how I arrived.
He tells Erica.
His trip to find her was the last and the farthest.
Julian appears.
All along  Erica has been waiting.
Whom she is now dating.
Harry and Erica get along well.
They part.
Erica pulls up.
He is gazing.
She explains and decided to step aside to let Erica be.
Julian figured out what was happening.
Harry explains.
His search the last six months has made him realize he truly loves Erica.
Harry and Erica kiss.
A year later   Erica and Harry  now married  are out with Marin  her husband and her new baby  as one big happy family.
<EOS>
Global society collapses and nuclear war has crippled civilization.
Into this wasteland comes an enigmatic and nomadic survivor  wandering the flatlands.
Needing food and water  he trades performances.
A neo-fascist army run  captures the nomad and decides to add him into the army s ranks.
These Holnists are a remnant force formerly.
Who had long since died.
Bethlehem has since taken command.
Each member is branded on the arm with a figure.
The force is held together  with death as the only punishment for infractions.
Bethlehem sees the nomad.
He nicknames the nomad Shakespeare  due to quote the Bard.
Eventually  Shakespeare is selected for a lion spotted earlier.
He finds the body and makes his escape by jumping into a river.
He later takes refuge.
He sets off  arriving at Pineview  a settlement in lower Oregon.
He claims to be an actual postman   to gain entry.
He claims.
The new capital is based and led by a new president named Richard Starkey.
He s able to produce a letter addressed.
They proceed to give the Postman more mail to deliver.
The Postman inspires.
A teenager named Ford Lincoln Mercury  and swears him.
One night  the Postman is approached.
Initially hesitant  but  the Postman spends the night with Abby before fleeing the town.
Days later   General Bethlehem learns of the Postman and his tales of restored government.
Bethlehem burns the American flag and new post office.
Later  he kills Abby s husband.
When refused permission to have sex.
Bethlehem eventually discovers the Postman.
Abby is rescued.
The two narrowly escape.
The Postman has been badly wounded.
The Postman and Abby hide.
Abby tells the Postman.
She is pregnant.
The two cross the range and run.
Spring arrives.
Who claims to be a postal carrier.
It is revealed.
Ford Lincoln Mercury has left Pineview and organized a postal service  connecting the area s communities.
They help towns and settlements to communicate and inadvertently spread the fictional tales.
Bethlehem orders the execution.
The ensuing fights escalate.
The Postman gets help.
Who teaches him guerrilla warfare tactics.
However  his postal carriers are mostly teenagers pitted.
The mounting casualties dismay the Postman.
Who orders everyone to disband.
He writes one last letter to be delivered  saying.
The postal service is over and that the restored government is gone.
Ford volunteers to deliver the message  knowing.
He will be killed afterward.
Bethlehem reads the letter but does not believe.
It is over.
He plans to kill Ford and another captured deliverer.
However  they do not know each other  The other man introduces himself  meaning.
When the two captured postal men meet.
Other areas are beginning working toward restoration as well.
Bethlehem realizes.
The ideal  with the postmen as catalyst and product of restoration  is loose and unable to be contained  and that Ford s death will stop nothing.
He decides to keep Ford  but murders the other postman.
The Postman  Abby and a small group travel west  away from the Holnists  territory.
They come.
The settlement is run from before the war  Tom Petty.
Seemingly trapped  the enclave leader helps the Postman to escape on a cable car to find volunteers for an army to fight Bethlehem s forces.
The Postman and Abby spend their last moments together.
They have fallen.
The Postman gathers a large number to end the conflict.
Using King Henry V s speech  the Postman manages to rally his troops.
However   the Postman personally challenges Bethlehem for Holnist leadership  invoking Law.
He learned in the conscript army.
The law states.
Any Holnist member can challenge the leader and if victorious  take his spot.
Bethlehem realizes  he accepts the challenge but is defeated.
The Postman and Shakespeare are the same man.
He does not accept his loss and the Postman s subsequent offer to build themselves a new  peaceful world  and tries to shoot the Postman  but is killed.
The officer then surrenders himself.
The rest follow.
She gives birth.
Abby and the Postman settle.
Whom she names Hope.
The story concludes 30 years later.
When Hope attends a tribute.
Rose  Oregon.
It is suggested.
The country has grown to approximate its pre-war status.
A statue is unveiled  He delivered a message of hope embraced by a new generation.
A man and his wife stare.
<EOS>
Veeran was born.
The baby was born.
Acting  baby is abandoned in the forest.
A cobbler and his wife discover the baby  and bring him up as their son.
Veeran grows up to be a brave and noble youth.
He chances to save Bommi  the princess from being drowned in the Cauvery.
Bommi falls with him.
He perceives the depth.
Veeran does nt reciprocate initially.
After Bommi comes riding and saves Veeran from being trampled to death.
Bommi s uncle  the cowardly Narasappan finds his schemes.
Citing Veeran s low birth  Narasappan causes the lovers undue hardships.
Veeran arrives and carries the princess away.
Finally the King   declares.
Whom Narasappan had sought assistance.
Veeran and Bommi are not guilty and sanctifies their union in wedlock.
And being impressed  the King appoints him as the commander of the army.
Thirumalai Nayakar appeals to Tiruchi to help curb the menace of a gang of robbers.
Was terrorizing the people.
Veeran is sent.
He is appointed Nayakar s commander.
There he sees Vellaiyamma  the beautiful court dancer and is impressed.
Suitable disguised  Veeran and Vellaiyamma gain entry.
They manage to capture most of the robbers and recover the plundered loot.
Nayakar   is furious.
Who wants to make Vellaiyamma his concubine.
When he hears that Vellaiyamma is.
And his mind further poisoned to be severed.
Recognizes the leader of the thieves Sangilikaruppan  and puts him to death in a quick encounter.
The sentence is carried.
Satisfied  Veeran subjects himself.
He has now accomplished his mission.
And  Bommi and Vellaiyamma unite in the heavenly abode.
His soul leaves his body soon.
<EOS>
A hyper-vigilant agent checks on registered sex offenders.
Burnt out  he has become frustrated with the system of sex offender monitoring.
He takes on one last job to find a missing girl.
He is is to train his young female replacement Allison Lowry.
He is convinced.
He takes it to find the victim at all costs.
Errol is eventually forced to leave.
His efforts center.
Who has a history but is known to have a connection to another culprit that Errol suspects to have taken the girl.
Together they figure out and torture syndicate.
Viola has become an abuser herself and is the ringleader.
They track her down.
Where they find the latest kidnapped girl as well as corpses.
The movie ends.
Errol considers killing her.
Errol and Allison realize.
They must not become monsters themselves.
<EOS>
The story begins.
Where a teenage boy is on trial for stabbing his father to death.
Final closing arguments are presented.
The judge then instructs the jury to decide.
Whether the boy is guilty.
The judge further informs them.
A guilty verdict will be accompanied.
The twelve-man jury retires.
Where they spend a short while getting acquainted before they begin deliberating.
It is immediately apparent.
The jurors have already decided that the boy is guilty  and that they plan to return their verdict quickly  - with the sole exception of Juror Number.
His is the only not guilty vote.
He explains.
There is too much to go along with the verdict without at least talking about it first.
His vote annoys the other jurors  particularly Juror.
Who has tickets.
The rest centers around the jury s difficulty in reaching a unanimous verdict.
Juror 8 maintains.
Several harbor personal prejudices.
The evidence presented is circumstantial  and that the boy deserves a fair deliberation.
He calls.
He further argues.
He can not vote guilty when he feels there is reasonable doubt of the boy s guilt.
Having argued several points and gotten no favorable response  Juror 8 reluctantly agrees.
All he seems to be accomplishing is hanging the jury.
He takes a bold gamble  He requests another vote  this time.
He proposes.
He will abstain.
Then he will acquiesce.
The other eleven jurors are still unanimous.
The secret ballot is held.
A new not guilty vote appears.
Juror 9 is the first to support Juror 8  feeling.
His points deserve further discussion.
Juror 5 - - changes his vote.
Juror 8 presents a convincing argument that one  who claimed to have heard the boy yell I m going to kill you shortly before the murder took place  could not have heard the voices as clearly as he had testified  as well as stating that I m going to kill you  is said constantly and never meant literally.
Who had grown up.
This earns intense criticism.
Who accuses.
Soon afterward  Juror 11 questions also changes his vote.
Whether the defendant would have reasonably fled the scene and come back three hours later to retrieve the knife  then.
Juror 8 then uses another scheme to question the witness s other claim.
Upon hearing the murder  he had gone and seen the defendant running out of the building  as the witness in question had an injured leg which limits his ability to walk.
The jury finds.
The witness would nt have made it to actually see the defendant running out.
And come.
Judging  the witness must have merely assumed it was the defendant running.
Juror 3  growing more irritated  explodes in a rant  He s got to burn.
Juror 3 shouts.
I ll kill him.
8 calmly retorts  You do nt really mean  do you.
You ll kill me.
2 and 6 also decide to vote not guilty  tying the vote at.
The storm breaks  it begins to rain heavily.
Juror 7 finds.
Trying the fan  which had previously not been working.
It is now working.
Increasingly impatient  Juror 7 changes his vote.
So that the deliberation may end.
Earns him nothing.
However  Juror 7 insists.
When scathingly pressed about using his vote frivolously.
He truly believes the defendant is not guilty because he has come to have a reasonable doubt.
Juror 2 calls the prosecution s claim.
The accused  who was nearly a foot shorter  was able to stab him in such a way as to inflict the downward stab wound found on the body.
Jurors 3 and 8 conduct an experiment to see.
It s possible to stab downward into a taller person.
The experiment proves.
It s possible.
Juror 5 then explains.
He had grown up amidst knife fights  and shows  through demonstrating the correct use of a switchblade  that no one so much shorter than his opponent would have held a switchblade in such a way as to stab downward  as it would have been too awkward.
This revelation augments the certainty.
The defendant is not guilty.
The next jurors are Jurors 12 and 1  making the vote.
To change their votes.
The only dissenters left are Jurors 3  4  and.
Outraged.
The proceedings have gone.
People can not be trusted.
They are little better.
One remains.
He speaks.
The other jurors turn their backs  starting with Juror 5  until only Juror.
Confused and disturbed  Juror 10 continues in a steadily fading voice and manner  concluding with the entreaty  Listen to me.
Now sit down and do nt open your mouth again.
He states his belief.
When Juror 4 is pressed as.
The fact remains that the woman who saw the murder from her bedroom window across the street still stands as solid evidence.
Juror 12 changes his vote back to make the vote 8-4 again.
He points this out.
8 test.
When 4 states that he does nt believe the boy s alibi  which was being at the time of the murder.
Well 4 can remember the events.
8 explains.
When 4 only remembers the events.
Being can make you forget certain things.
There was no reason to think.
4 had nt been.
The boy could remember the movie he saw.
Then Juror 9   realizes  he cannily asks Juror.
The witness who allegedly saw the murder had impressions in the sides of her nose  indicating that she wore glasses  but out of vanity did not wear them in court.
He wears his eyeglasses to sleep.
Juror 4 admits - no one does.
He does nt.
Juror 8 explains.
There was thus no reason to expect that the witness happened to be wearing her glasses.
He points out.
The attack happened so swiftly that she would not have had time to put them on.
Jurors 12  10  and 4 all change their vote.
He points this out.
The only remaining juror with a guilty vote is Juror.
A long argument culminates in 3 revealing.
He had had a poor relationship.
His anger is the main reason.
He wants the defendant to be guilty.
Juror 3 loses.
His temper and tears up a photo suddenly breaks down crying and changes his vote to not guilty  making the vote unanimous.
8 helps the distraught.
The jurors leave the room.
The story ends.
When the friendly Jurors 8 and 9 exchange names  and all descend the courthouse steps to return to their individual lives.
<EOS>
Both team s star quarterbacks are preoccupied.
Wolecki is having marital difficulties.
McCauley is involved.
Meanwhile  a national gambling syndicate attempts to find a way to stop the heavily favored Cougars.
All these plots are connected.
Who has attempted to evade law enforcement.
<EOS>
A nameless horse butcher   operates his own business.
Whose wife left him soon after their autistic daughter was born.
She has become a teenager.
The butcher misinterprets the situation and assumes.
She has been raped.
The butcher is imprisoned and is forced to sell his butcher shop and apartment.
<EOS>
Larry Crowne  a middle-aged Navy veteran  is fired at a big-box store  despite his seniority and satisfactory work.
The company has decided that his lack impedes any chance of advancement.
Larry   can not find a job and could lose his house.
Who is divorced and lives alone.
Larry s neighbor  Lamar  advises him to enroll and get an education.
Order to get better opportunities.
Larry meets the college dean  Dave Busik.
He looks.
Who encourages him to take Economics and Speech.
He sees a couple and.
Pumping gas.
How much cheaper it is to do so.
Larry buys a scooter.
Larry meets Talia  a free spirit.
Who also drives a scooter.
They form a friendship right away.
Mercedes Tainot walks.
She teaches and notices only nine students.
The class is cancelled  much.
The state requires at least ten.
Suddenly  Larry appears  so Mercedes reluctantly begins teaching class.
Larry and Talia share.
An Economics class taught.
He confiscates Larry s cell phone due.
Mercedes is unhappily married.
Her husband Dean looks  removing web pages.
Mercedes can catch him.
He fancies himself a writer and tells her.
He works hard all day writing.
Dean s defense is.
When Mercedes informs him she knows he is really looking.
He s just a guy  who s a guy  being a guy.
Frustrated while with him  she drinks heavily every night after school.
Talia befriends Larry and invites him to join a club led by her boyfriend Dell Gordo.
Who is somewhat jealous.
Talia   uses Feng Shui to reorganize Larry s house and give him a more stylish haircut and wardrobe.
A drunken Mercedes demands to be let out.
When a night goes horribly wrong.
Larry and gang notice Mercedes waiting alone  so Larry offers a ride home.
Mercedes believes.
Larry is involved and reluctantly accepts a ride.
Her attitude changes.
When they see Dean getting arrested.
Mercedes asks  so they do.
Larry would care.
She wants to have sex as well.
Larry declines  not wanting to take advantage.
Larry celebrates.
She closes the door.
Dean comes home to find all his stuff on the front lawn.
Mercedes is unhappy and hungover and tells Larry not to brag about.
What happened the night.
He uses the knowledge.
That Larry can not afford to live any longer.
He gained to legally turn over his house and keys to the bank  with a 30-day notice that he will be gone.
Larry ends up hosting a yard sale and pizza party  he s surprised to see.
The delivery man is Jack  a snide executive who helped fire Larry.
Larry is also now working.
Mercedes runs.
Who is telling her English teacher  that she will be dropping out to start a thrift store.
Mercedes assumes.
Larry must know due to their supposed relationship.
Talia assures her.
They are just friends.
Mercedes appears to be happier now.
She knows the truth.
Larry  however  does not know.
He was surprised that he did nt see her.
He visits Talia  and appears to be slightly disappointed  but also wishes her luck in her future endeavors.
Finals now come.
Right  Larry and Mercedes meet outside class  with her telling Larry.
She scheduled him last.
Larry stands up  and makes references to the other students  speeches.
Everyone has finshed their speech.
Who all appear to be inspired.
Larry then looks.
He mentions that he could never have told with great passion and enthusiasm if he had not taken her Speech class.
Larry is given a big round  as well as Mercedes.
Who is happier without Dean and has developed a passion for teaching again.
Larry sees Mercedes  and approaches the table.
Working. 
She tells Larry.
She gave him an A.
Some register for her Shakespeare class  but are sad to see.
When the next term begins.
Larry is nt registered as well.
Larry is seen taking Dr Matsutani s second-term Economics class.
Mercedes walks and sees a note from Larry on the door.
Is an invitation to have her  with the address to his new apartment.
She drives over.
He greets her  they kiss.
Both enter the apartment  closing the door.
<EOS>
Set sometime  Haji Bakhil s wife has died.
Haji Bakhil is alone and depressed  but eventually meets a beautiful young woman named Murni.
Who is a teacher.
Haji Bakhil spends some time pursuing her.
His attention is apparently not unwelcome.
Labu and Labi discover  and decide to fight for her properly in a boxing match.
They are both with Haji Bakhil s daughter Manisah.
However  this thread is not resolved.
The pair s feud is not addressed.
Haji Bakhil eventually sends Labu and Labi on his behalf to Murni s house to ask her father for her hand in marriage.
Murni s father refuses.
Labu and Labi come up.
They accidentally kidnap Murni s father  instead.
Labu  Labi and Haji Bakhil are arrested and tried.
Haji Bakhil is able to post his own bail.
He refuses to bail his servants.
The film ends moaning their fate in prison.
<EOS>
The film opens.
His older brothers  Virgil and James  are away serving with the Union Army.
Wyatt dreams  and packs some belongings  bids his younger brothers & sisters goodbye  and attempts to run away  intending to lie about his age and join the Union Army.
He does nt make it.
His father catches him and forces him to return home.
A short while later  both brothers return home  with James gravely wounded.
Shortly afterwards  the family moves west.
It is.
Wyatt first sees a man killed  shot.
He gets sick  and vomits.
Years pass  finding him working out west.
There  he works also as a referee for fights  and finds himself at odds with a bully.
Wyatt and the bully eventually come  with the bully intending to shoot Wyatt.
Wyatt disarms him and defeats him  taking his gun.
Returning home  Wyatt marries a childhood sweetheart  Urilla Sutherland.
The two move.
He begins working.
Months later   his wife dies.
Pregnant. 
He stays throughout the illness  becoming deeply depressed afterward.
He burns their home and all they own  begins drinking  and drifting to town  eventually landing in Pine Bluff  Arkansas.
He robs a man and steals his horse  but is captured a short time later.
His father bails him out of jail  telling him to leave and never return to Arkansas.
He begins working.
Where he meets Bat Masterson and his brother Ed Masterson.
The three become friends and work together hunting buffalo.
Years pass.
He begins working and builds a reputation as a good lawman.
He is recruited to work  with a lower salary  but for extra money for each arrest made  in the end making more.
He would have.
He builds a hard reputation.
He kills his first man  a shooting witnessed.
Wyatt becomes involved romantically.
The Mastersons begin working as deputies.
Wyatt disagrees.
However  the Dodge City council decides  appointing Ed to take his place.
Ed is more acceptable due to the latter s excessive force  and fires him.
Wyatt then begins working.
He is introduced  in Fort Griffin  Texas.
Pursuing outlaw Dave Rudabaugh.
The two become friends.
Holliday assists Earp.
Whom he dislikes tremendously.
Shortly afterward  Wyatt receives word  having shot and killed both his assailants.
Ed Masterson has been killed.
Wyatt returns to help bring law and order.
He and his family move to Tombstone  Arizona  under the protest of the Earp wives  and Mattie.
Wyatt immediately finds himself.
He meets and becomes romantically involved.
Puts him.
This relationship also causes stress with Mattie  and becomes the subject of rumor about town.
Wyatt and his brothers Morgan and Virgil arrest several Cowboys.
Virgil takes over.
The brothers find themselves often.
Tension builds.
Wyatt breaks up several altercations.
Doc Holliday swears his loyalty.
Whom he considers his only real friend.
Eventually the Gunfight.
K.
Corral occurs.
Virgil is ambushed and wounded.
Morgan is killed.
The film then shows only a glimpse with Wyatt and his friends taking out revenge on the remaining Cowboys  and then skips to many years later with him and Josie mining for gold in Alaska.
A young man recognizes Wyatt  and recounts a story.
En route.
Which Wyatt had saved the boy s uncle  Tommy.
The film ends  Some people say.
It did nt happen that way  to which she responds Never mind them  Wyatt.
It happened that way.
<EOS>
The story involves preppy pre-freshman Tom Lawrence.
Who visits Port Chester University  a college where fraternities have been outlawed.
Political correctness is rampant.
Tom manages to make enemies with nearly every group of students on the campus.
Getting caught angers the.
He trips and accidentally crashes all the computers  angering all the people working on their thesis papers.
Taking a short cut.
Tom also gets in the middle of the war between The Pit and Balls and Shaft  two rival groups on campus.
The latter group is a parody in general.
Is Rand McPherson.
Who   want the outlawed Greek system to return.
Meanwhile  members just want everyone to get along.
Split ago.
The movie is.
The other great nemeses of The Pit are a radical feminist group on campus known as the Womynists  and the college president  Ms.
.
Who is obsessed.
The Womynists  entire world view revolves.
They are known to hold protests  this penis party s got to go.
Garcia-Thompson conspires to get The Pit  their mutual nemesis  kicked off campus  giving Rand control of the house.
The Pit responds.
The Womynists take offense advertising the party  and hold a protest outside.
The party appears to be a failure.
However  a series results in George Clinton and Parliament-Funkadelic performing at the party.
Students begin streaming.
The party successfully raises the funds to keep the house.
The members plot their ultimate revenge at an alumni gathering the next day.
Garcia-Thompson decides to throw The Pit anyway  using the history of complaints against The Pit as her reason.
They succeed.
The film ends showing Tom heading home  having decided to commit.
He sees Rand.
He sits.
Who  is now in Tom s position at the beginning of the film being chased by the students across campus.
<EOS>
The film was produced  written and directed by Bob Quinn  and starred Cyril Cusack as a moonshiner in rural Connemara  living in an isolated cottage with his adult daughter.
Two local degenerates  played  terrorize the old moonshiner for his contraband liquor  threatening to kill him and rape his daughter.
The moonshiner outwits them and tricks them.
<EOS>
A prospector looks to live with him and eventually gets married.
The mine floods and miners need to be rescued.
He is.
The main scenes were  mining machinations  a woman s sacrifice  a man s desperation and love  a father s sad mistake man s sure revenge.
<EOS>
Uuno Turhapuro becomes the President.
Streets are named.
Honorary companies are arranged.
He also tries to turn Finland.
<EOS>
Encouraged they experienced.
Transporting a recently deported friend back from Mexico  longtime pals J and Steve decide to form a company dedicated to a kinder  gentler brand of people smuggling.
The border agents were positively gullible.
The Minutemen were nowhere to be found  leading the two naive Americans to suspect.
They can run a profitable scheme.
It is nt long.
The true coyotes discover what s been happening right.
J and Steve learn the real perils.
<EOS>
The movie is a sequel.
Snow White and her husband Prince Charming have a young daughter  also named Snow White.
The royal family decides to host a festival.
Meanwhile  the Wicked Queen asks her magic mirror.
Who is the fairest.
She accuses it.
When it replies that there are two who are equally fair.
She and Snow White are equally fair  only for it to answer that it was talking about two Snow Whites.
She is furious.
When the Queen hears.
She sees it as a chance to finally kill her rivals.
The Queen creates an ice storm  and freezes the entire kingdom  just barely missing the princess Snow White.
The girl is horrified to see her parents turned  and runs away with her bumbling friend Grunyon the dwarf.
Snow White and Grunyon accidentally wander into a giant vegetable patch  and are scared.
When seven giants appear - Thinker  Finicky  Corny  Brawny  Tiny  Hicker  Weeper - and mistake them  trying to squash them.
Snow White starts crying.
Grunyon scolds the giants.
Who apologize and introduce themselves.
They take pity on Snow White and Grunyon  and allow them to stay in their cottage.
She first turns herself to attack Snow White  but is foiled.
When the Queen discovers this.
When one returns home.
They decide to bring Snow White to work  carving rivers.
The queen melts all the ice to form a deluge.
Brawny protects her.
The giants decide to leave Snow White and post a guard.
The queen then turns the vultures to distract Hicker  the guard  and tricks Snow White into smelling the scent of a poisoned flower.
Puts her to sleep.
As she tricked Snow White s mother.
She believes.
There will be no miracle rescue this time.
However  Hicker s hiccups are loud.
The other giants hear them.
They get back.
Seeing Snow White apparently dead  they run off to defeat the Queen.
The Queen tries to immobilize them.
Brawny is too tough.
She then summons seven demons to fight the giants.
Hicker begins hiccuping and causes an earthquake.
The quake causes.
The magic mirror to shatter  but only after it reveals that it is the source.
The Queen evaporates into nothingness.
The spell is broken.
She placed.
Grunyon and the Giants bring Snow White home in a coffin.
They are saddened  and kiss her cheeks.
And  as before  the kisses awaken Snow White and everyone is happy.
Brawny reveals then the wicked Queen s castle to be used.
He rebuilt.
Where all the children can play together.
<EOS>
The Terrorist focuses.
Who joined a terrorist organization after her brother was killed in the cause.
She eventually volunteers herself to become a suicide bomber.
She discovers the importance  after realizing.
The plot moves forward.
She is pregnant.
This causes Malli to question her determination to complete the mission.
<EOS>
The film is approximately 2 and a half minutes long and stationary  showing a theater.
The film is Filmed.
<EOS>
Mole s underground home is knocked.
When the field is bulldozed.
Who has sold it to finance his latest fad  caravanning.
Mole flees and meets the Water Rat.
Who is getting ready to embark.
Seeing Mole s distress  Rat decides to take Mole to see Mr Toad.
Toad encourages them to travel on the Open Road  in his newly bought canary-coloured cart.
Disaster strikes.
When a pair knock over the cart.
Toad  however  instantly discards the cart and becomes obsessed.
He is a reckless driver  however  and ends up needing more money.
Their volatile Chief  tries to persuade him to sell Toad Hall.
The Chief has three  and St.
Main cronies  Clarence and Geoffrey  are his henchmen  though they passionately hate each other.
John   always rubs him up the wrong way.
Who attempts to suck up.
All three protagonists are lost in the inhospitable place.
Mole encounters the Weasels.
Who attempt to coerce him.
They later encounter Toad.
When Rat arrives.
All three protagonists end up.
Badger  a close friend and feeling responsible for Toad s reckless conduct regarding his inheritance  is awakened from his to keep Toad obsessed with motor cars.
However  Toad refuses to listen and continues his reckless behavior.
Ultimately ends up.
Toad s defense lawyer proves to be more of a problem than the prosecution.
Furthermore  the Weasels are dominating the public box.
The Chief Weasel is posing  and coerces the terrified creatures into finding Toad guilty.
The Judge initially sentences Toad to be hanged.
He can no longer hang prisoners.
He sentences Toad in prison  but after Toad insults the Court and makes a botched escape attempt.
Toad is then seen being dragged.
To make matters worse  elsewhere back  while feeling sorry for thier friend  Rat and Mole are confronted by the Weasels  and aneex Toad Hall for themselves.
Who threw them out.
Knowing.
To drive the Weasels out  Rat and Mole have to dig underground to the castle to free Toad.
Meanwhile   Toad is crying  pleaded.
He paid dearly.
Toad escapes.
Having realized  Toad along  climbs aboard a train engine.
He left his wallet.
The police   demand  Toad confesses.
Who have stowed away.
It to be stopped.
Who he is and begs the driver to help him evade his captors.
The driver agrees to help.
Only to protect his train.
He tosses.
Coal lumps  but gets caught in a mail catcher.
Toad takes control and is separated.
He eventually crashes the engine.
He miraculously survives.
Toad sets off again but only to get caught again.
The full extent are revealed  they have built a dog-food factory over the remains of Mole s house and are planning to blow up Toad Hall  and build a huge slaughterhouse in its place  of the peaceful Riverbank dwellers  and turn them into dogfood.
Which they will ` process  all.
Their activities have also damaged Badger s home.
Provokes him.
Badger and Rat attempt to break  but are unmasked.
They are placed in the factory s mincing machine under the orders of the Chief Weasel.
The Chief  Clarence and Geoffrey return to prepare the victory celebration  leaving St.
John of the machine.
Mole   disables the machine  enabling them to escape.
Who has broken.
Lulled  the Chief Weasel s henchmen turn traitor  and attempt to blow him up using a Toad Hall shaped birthday cake.
Clarence and Geoffrey begin quarreling for leadership  with the other Weasels drunkenly taking sides.
This allows the protagonists to stage a raid  leaving all the weasels incapacitated in the ensuing fight.
However  the Chief is revealed to still be alive.
He escapes the scene  and is pursued.
Toad attempts to stop him  containing the detonator necessary to blow up Toad Hall  to no avail.
Unbeknownst  the explosives are actually in the factory  and as such the Chief blows up himself along with the factory  leaving Toad Hall untouched and Toad s friends alive and well.
Afterwards  Toad makes a public speech swearing and promising to be wiser and less prideful in the future.
Toad then sneaks off and is seen speaking to an airplane salesman  showing.
He has not changed.
Moments later  Toad flies  causing mass hysteria and resulting in Badger swearing never to help Toad again.
Toad  however  has finally found a craze -  he is seen flying out over the sea.
Suits him.
<EOS>
A Dutch mercenary sergeant finds himself alone in the field.
He meets a young Korean woman.
Who tries to save her little brother who is shell shocked.
This changes the sergeant s outlook.
<EOS>
Swapna is a NRI.
Who has come.
Kameshwar rao is.
He had completed graduation successfully.
Kamesh sees Swapna and falls in love with her at the first sight.
Swapna along leave for their relative s place in a hurry without giving a chance for Swapna to inform Rahul.
Somehow Swapna places a note before leaving.
She learns.
When Swapna goes.
It was her engagement which is being arranged and is upset.
Her father comes in and stops it.
The relatives had actually cheated them due to which Swapna s uncle succumbs to a cardiac arrest.
Kamesh is in hunt for his love  so he decides to go to the USA.
He gets into a software company as an engineer.
That he can somehow get on a work permit.
The story unfolds.
He goes and is working under Deepak  who is Swapna s cousin.
Deepak wants to marry Swapna.
Swapna almost compromises.
The climax anyway sees Kamesh meeting his love and winning it.
And so the film ends.
<EOS>
Details are sketchy.
A 1959 review.
Appeared. 
Lugosi played a vampiric doctor who experiments to bring back to life his lovely wife.
The review states.
The film incorporates clips.
<EOS>
Sir Thomas Fairfax celebrates the Parliamentarian victory over the royalist Cavaliers with his colleague and fellow commander  Oliver Cromwell.
Meanwhile  King Charles I   tries to appeal.
Who has been captured and is held prisoner.
Soon  the trial takes place.
Cromwell & Fairfax disagree over.
What to do.
Tensions rise.
<EOS>
The young English nobleman Sir Thomas Fitzpatrick Phillip Moore arrives.
Who years earlier had to leave England due.
The trouble led with Vicci Windsor.
The young man joins up with his father s former pals  the stagecoach robbers Monkey  Holy Joe and Bull.
The characters are introduced on during Tom s journey  beginning with Bull.
Who works.
He begins a journey.
Bull has listened in and found out about the death of The Englishman.
He finds a preacher  conducting a fiery sermon to a somewhat dubious audience of drunkards  gamblers and easy women.
Who s.
Who he had to drive just as he had to have the saloon s pianola moved into the church right before.
Both then proceed to Yuma.
Where the third one  Monkey is as usual.
They manage to free Monkey.
They manage to keep him  because according to Holy on the day of the Lord you do nt shoot people.
They travel to the Englishman s gang s old hideout in the mountain.
Is also the destination.
Tom was just about to inspect the property.
When suddenly his walking stick is shot out by the three crooks  who do not know who Tom is and therefore suspect him to have come back to retrieve the stolen money.
Soon the situation is explained showing them a photograph of his father along with giving Holy a letter of his father for the three of them.
The father asks them to make a real man out of his progress-loving son.
Initially they fail miserably.
Tom refuses to touch a weapon and would rather ride his bicycle.
This changes.
He meets Candida.
There she asks.
He can procure.
Candida returns his love.
Candida s father s rough ranch administrator has also set his eyes on the girl.
This leads.
Only  shooting and spitting not only manages to put Morton in his place but also Candida s father.
His father s accomplices put him.
Who has been convinced.
It ends.
Monkey  Bull and Holy leave the town in which progress has taken a footing  driving them to flee further.
They reach the Pacific  shocked to hear the whistle of a steam train and so they turned back.
<EOS>
An American bomber is shot down during World War II.
The airmen bail out and land.
The Norwegian resistance picks them up and hides them in the attic of the local church  a center of operations.
Things become tense  however.
When the hideout is spotted.
Soon the protagonist  Hans  has to get the airmen.
<EOS>
The story takes place.
Two tribes  the Norms and the Mutates  fighting.
They later band together to fight a third tribe  the Upriver People.
Who are invading Manhattan in order to steal the other tribes  women.
<EOS>
The film starts.
Brother Juniper defends his work and his conclusions  trying to assess.
Whether the people who died were worthy or unworthy.
He analyses the lives of the characters.
The film flashes back and forth.
Lead. 
Dona Maria  the Marquess  is vexed by the fact.
Her only daughter  Clara  whom she loves dearly  is indifferent.
The latter married a Spanish nobleman and moved.
Dona Maria visits her daughter.
She returns.
When they can not get along.
The only way is.
They can communicate comfortably.
Dona Maria pours her heart.
Becomes so polished that her letters will be read after her death.
Dona Maria takes Pepita  a girl raised at the Convent of Santa Maria Rosa de las Rosas  after a recommendation by the Inquisition.
Her strange behavior might be lessened if she was not alone all the time.
Esteban and Manuel are twins.
Who were left as infants.
The Abbess developed a fondness for them.
They grew up.
They are so close.
They have developed a secret language that only they understand.
They become scribes.
They are dismissed.
They write notes.
Who writes.
Manuel falls with La Perricholi.
Strains his relationship.
Both brothers work a job.
They are dismissed.
Manuel suffers an accident.
Ends. 
Uncle Pio found La Perricholi and nourished her into a full-fledged actress  he acts as her singing-master  coiffeur  masseur  reader  errand-boy  banker and  rumor added  her father.
He has never expressed his feelings.
He is.
Might or might not be reciprocated.
He has had just three interests with the masterpieces of Spanish literature  particularly in the theater.
He is witness with the Viceroy and the bullfighter.
Her bearing a child but despite of this and  his company is forced to close  he remains faithful to her.
Due. 
The Marquess learns.
Her daughter is pregnant and decides to make a pilgrimage to the shrine of Santa Maria de Cluxambuqua.
Pepita goes along.
To supervise the staff.
Captain Alvarado   hires him to sail.
Who has saved Esteban.
A small-pox epidemic sweeps.
La Perricholi goes missing  Uncle Pio goes.
When learning that she will receive no one at her home.
He suspects.
The sickness has struck her.
She has taken her son  Jaime.
Who will be the fifth victim  with her.
He convinces her to let him take the boy.
Uncle Pio finally succeeds.
She agrees.
Pepita stays and writes a letter to the Abbess complaining about her misery and loneliness.
When Dona Maria is out.
Dona Maria reads the letter and compliments Pepita.
She rebuts.
It was not brave to write it.
Dona Maria has new insight.
Which her own life have lacked bravery.
Has become immortal.
Paul s letter  due to its bravery and definitions of love.
The bridge breaks and all fall.
When all five characters are heading back.
The story shifts back.
The Abbess and La Perricholi  now a nun  appear.
They are refused.
The Viceroy denies knowing or recognizing the former actress   and because the actress he knew had no love in her eyes.
The Archbishop pronounces Juniper s work a heresy.
The book and its author are burned.
The Abbess receives Dona Clara  and comes to see the work done by the nuns.
Who is visiting.
The film ends  There is a land of the living and a land of the dead.
The bridge is love  the only survival  the only meaning.
<EOS>
Leon Maria Lozano is a humble worker and a Colombian Conservative Party member.
Who lives in a time where liberals rule and close 1946 presidential election.
For his activism is discriminated except by Gertrude Potes  senior militant liberal and a few other liberals.
Years ran the news of killing of conservatives against liberals and vice versa so.
The Liberals are cursed.
Leon Maria does not hope in addition to being discriminated.
His party return.
Rosendo Zapata  a senior member of the Liberal party offends the conservative party when talks with Lozano and also his job of a bookseller is poor so Miss Gertrudis convinced to the mayor of town to give him a job of cheese salesman in the market square.
The presidential election day wins the elections.
Miss Gertrudis hopes.
Victory is temporary.
Two years later spread the news for the death of Jorge Eliecer Gaitan.
The house has closed.
Leon Maria notes.
Seeing so endangered.
The interests get weapons and Maria Leon scares the protesters with dynamite.
The next day Gertrudis and other supporters are surprised  this realize their opportunities within the village  discovers  finds.
Maria Leon was recognized.
He can control and not simply an outcast.
He can putting people.
The Liberals do not return to power.
The liberal mayor Tulua is replaced.
After becomes a murderer taking advantage.
Their liberal supporters become.
His henchmen called Birds and kill so Liberal party s main department.
It was thought.
A drunken killing arrived but when the people  liberals  including Gertrude begin to fear for his life.
It sends a Pajaro attack against the directory of the Liberal party of the people.
Leon Maria Lozano does not hesitate to criticize him  treating him.
Who is when he should be also sponsoring what should be his fight.
The killers held in honor of the Conservative party.
The Mayor knows.
That  as much as a criminal  can not do anything.
Leon Maria Lozano is a conservative  one.
The Conservative Party learns  after inviting him to Bogota  the Conservatives will show their full support and protection.
The continued killings occurred.
The continue their patriotic mission.
The Liberals are still Tulua  come together to express concern  led by Leon Maria Lozano   a lo que.
If the threat is the birds  what we face is a condor   Pues si la amenaza son los pajaros.
Nos enfrentamos es a un condor.
Gertrude Potts gives his alias Leon Maria Lozano.
Are implemented throughout the department liberals are murdered and left in other municipalities  being buried as NNs  Putting in trouble with the authorities and the church.
All the people are afraid  now the Condor is transformed into a sinister and Machiavellian man  not only pursues the Liberals  but to anyone.
Who opposes his regime.
The bird sees a photograph hanging in the office Gaitan  wrath upon that image  the bird does not hesitate to shoot the journalist  certainly offends the picture and leaves.
Later  Leon Maria Lozano suffer poisoning.
Is why the whole village came out to celebrate  laughing and playing music at the foot of your house.
Leon Maria Lozano ordered to kill the musicians.
When recovered.
Who played that night.
No one attended  afraid to be the next victims of the condor.
Leon Maria Lozano now had absolute power  the Liberals had two choices leave town or stay and die.
This power would start to go crazy.
Slowly  he began to have mental disorders and delusions  I thought.
Was pursued.
The absolute power end the day.
He met the slaughter  close to Tulua.
And then.
Whose government was advocated.
The bulk of the civilian population of the town of Recreo  was murdered in cold blood  a fact.
Does not hesitate to incriminate Leon Maria Lozano.
The church  recessed  decided to set up a reconciliation committee.
The committee were Leon Maria Lozano  sided  and Gertrude Potts  sided with the liberals.
All liberals are removed.
When the fact is called on the committee.
They are the persecuted.
The Conservative Party  tired  sends him to Pereira.
Protection and the party image  also is designed a annuity by the services.
When hear the four horsemen.
Ever fear.
Not an asthma attack.
A shot left the Church.
<EOS>
Michael Dorsey is a respected but perfectionist actor.
Nobody wants to hire him anymore.
It is difficult to work.
Michael s attention to detail and difficult reputation got.
Him fired  because the idea of a tomato sitting down was illogical to him.
Michael hears of an opening on the soap opera Southwest General from his friend and acting student Sandy Lester  but does nt get it.
Who tries out.
He dresses as a woman  auditions as Dorothy Michaels and wins the part.
Michael takes the job.
Michael plays his character.
Surprises the other actors and crew who expected her to be another swooning female.
However  his character Dorothy Michaels becomes a television sensation.
He covers up.
When Sandy catches Michael undressed.
He wants to have sex.
They have sex.
Michael believes.
Sandy is too emotionally fragile to handle the truth  especially after noticing her strong resentment of Dorothy getting the part.
Their relationship  combined  complicates his now busy schedule.
Exacerbating matters further  he is strongly attracted with the show s amoral  sexist director  Ron Carlisle.
She throws a drink in his face.
When Michael approaches Julie that she had previously told Dorothy to which she would be receptive.
Later    Julie is shocked and later tells Dorothy  but not in a romantic way.
When he makes tentative advances.
She likes her.
Meanwhile  Dorothy has her own admirers to contend  older cast member John Van Horn and Julie s widowed father Les.
John follows Dorothy home and almost forces himself.
Les even proposes marriage.
Jeff and George are.
The situation escalates out.
The tipping point comes.
When   the show s producers want to extend her contract for another year.
Michael finds a clever way to extricate himself.
He improvises a grand speech  pulls off his wig and reveals.
When the cast is forced to perform the show live.
He is actually the character s twin brother who took her place to avenge her.
Sandy  Les and Jeff   have varying reactions  the exception being Jeff.
Who are all watching.
Who simply remarks  That  is one nutty hospital.
The revelation allows everybody a more-or-less graceful way out.
Julie  however  is so outraged.
She slugs him.
Some weeks later  Michael awkwardly makes peace.
Les shows tentative support to Julie.
Later  Michael waits outside the studio.
Julie resists talking but finally admits.
She misses Dorothy.
She forgives him.
When he confesses that I was a better man as a woman than I ever was with a woman as a man.
They walk off  Julie asking him to lend her a dress.
<EOS>
The film opens.
They bring him and lay him down on their sofa.
When a man collapses outside their cottage.
They realise and  hearing the church bells tolling to warn  Caroline takes his revolver from him.
When he dies.
The man is a German parachutist.
Soon afterwards  a British army officer arrives asking.
However  this is a German spy.
Who is exposed when mis-pronouncing ` Jarvis Cross.
Caroline turns the dead parachutist s revolver and guards him  while sending Edith to seek assistance from the ARP.
He calls the Local Defence Volunteers  interrupting a lecture.
When Edith informs the ARP warden.
The film returns.
Where the spy engineers his escape by asking her for a cigarette.
He knocks the gun out and flees the cottage.
She finds one.
His flight is short-lived  however.
The Grants have immobilised their car and locked up their spare bicycle.
He is thus apprehended.
Who also destroy a parachute weapons canister.
The final scene depicts the Grants thanking a member over a cup of tea in their cottage.
He commends their actions  ` You kept your heads.
The front line is nowadays.
<EOS>
Sexy Evil Genius centers brought together in a downtown Los Angeles bar by their mutual.
<EOS>
Princess Maria and her uncle Holman are forced in New York City.
When their country is invaded in World War II.
Holman is anxious to have his niece get married and produce a male heir as soon.
She is not interested.
The princess takes too many sleeping pills.
Maria is fast asleep.
When the plane is forced to return.
The pilot  Eddie ORourke  takes charge under the impression.
She is just another European refugee.
They become acquainted and fall.
Holman is apprised by a government agent.
Who keeps Maria.
He is intrigued.
When he learns that ORourke s family seems to produce only large numbers.
He also realizes.
It would help cement American support if she married a citizen  and gives his approval.
Maria and Eddie are invited to visit the White House as guests of the President.
Where Eddie is expected to sign over such things to succession and deciding the education of his future children.
He makes.
Maria choose.
Maria obeys her uncle and leaves the room.
Taking no chances  Holman locks her.
Maria changes her mind.
She writes a note and slips it to deliver to his master.
The President summons a Supreme Court justice.
Who marries Eddie and Maria.
The pair sneak out to begin their life together.
Eddie mistakenly tips a White House butler.
He bumps.
<EOS>
Raghuvaran pays Indian cricketers to lose the match.
He can bet to make a lot of money.
One day Raghuvaran s daughter Simran was sad.
India never wins any matches so Raghuvaran lets India win.
One time India loses.
A small boy commits suicide seeing.
This Raju Sundaram works hard to become a cricket player and make India win.
He is stopped but wins and becomes a cricket player.
Raju Sundaram goes to win but is stopped by Raghuvaran.
He is killed.
Eventually India wins but Simran goes.
She comes out and is reunited.
<EOS>
Paappi Appacha is the story.
They live.
They get.
Annie works.
A teacher is in love with her  though Annie does not like him.
Paappi s mother and younger sister Mollykkutty also like Annie very much and wants her.
A businessman named.
Manikkunju comes.
Meanwhile Annie  Dasan maash stands against Paappi in Panchayath election  wins the seat and becomes Panchayath President.
Annie then gets a marriage proposal.
Hearing this Paappi goes.
Who see him jumping to catch a glimpse.
The would be groom.
Tells he expects a positive response and leaves.
Later she gets.
A call would be groom s mother who abuses her as her son was hit black and blue by Paappi.
Annie  furious  goes to Mathayi s house and gives a piece of her mind.
Mathayi starts to doubt Paappi.
Paappi angry accepts.
He trashed her marriage proposal.
Mathayi slaps Paappi and a crack is formed.
Things got worse.
When the school run is burned down.
Mathayi completely disowns Paappi thinking.
He is the culprit.
We can see Paappi trying to survive on his own along with attempting to give Mathayi a hard time.
Finally  Mathayi falls and is forced to sell Mariya s land.
Who is cunningly supported.
But Paappi foils discovered  ending in the archaeological department taking over the land.
Plan also.
The City market once run together does nt function the same anymore and Annie  uses a ploy of a Farmers  Co-operative Society buying the market items from farmers and selling it giving the profit to the farmers.
Who had earlier taken a diary.
He had.
He wins the election.
She shares this idea.
Who is also excited.
Mathayi and Shashankan  drunk  are attacked by Manikkunju and another person with a sword.
Mathayi is injured.
Shashankan escapes as the neighbours hear the commotion and comes out.
Police try to catch Paappi suspecting his hand.
Paappi escapes.
He also finds out.
Annie is kidnapped.
We see then Annie captured.
She tries to escape and finds Dasan maash.
Manikkunju arrives and turns out.
He is Dasan maash s business partner.
Dasan maash reveals  father had to sell it.
Paappi and Mathayi are doing business.
Dasan maash tells Annie.
Her body will belong and tries to rape her.
Though he knows Annie loves Paappi.
But Paappi comes and saves the day.
Meanwhile Mathayi also arrives learning the truth.
It was Dasan maash who disrupted Annie s marriage proposal and also put fire.
<EOS>
The film opens.
K. 
A. 
Robert.
Whose corpse Monika retrieves after the opening credits.
Monika apparently evades notice.
Where she unwraps him.
Meanwhile  Mark heads.
The film then cuts back.
Mark s job is thereupon revealed to be dubbing porn films.
This scene foreshadows the next.
Which Monika has sex.
A fourth character  Betty  is then briefly introduced.
She discovers   that Rob s grave has already been robbed.
She takes photos.
Monika has cleaned Rob s corpse.
Mark  meanwhile  makes plans to meet a friend.
Mark s friend  however  is late.
Mark offers his ticket.
Who happens to be passing.
Monika and Mark hit.
It off and soon go and genitals.
Though  Mark discovers Rob s genitals.
When Mark spends the night.
This discovery.
Make him appear dead.
Consequently  Mark consults first his perennially tardy friend and then a drunk.
Soon thereafter  Monika and her fellow necrophiliac friends have a movie night - the film depicts the dissection - at Monika s apartment.
When Mark comes over to watch with Monika.
She reluctantly shows him the seal video.
When Mark insistently asks what Monika and her friends had been doing.
Disgusts Mark  who says it s perverse to watch such a thing  leading to a quarrel.
The couple later speak and makes plans to meet at Monika s and discuss the matter.
Monika makes a trip to the ocean.
Where she contemplates what course to take.
They have make-up sex.
When Mark arrives the next day.
Which Monika severs Mark s head and replaces it.
Monika is finally shown climaxing.
Suggests that she has chosen the correct lover.
Finally   a doctor congratulates Monika on her pregnancy.
<EOS>
Suggested  the king constructs a cozy  windowless love-nest for himself and his concubine.
However  she is not faithful  but consorts with the court troubadour.
They use the king s new play chamber for their trysts.
He sends.
When the king discovers this.
Inside  the masons use stone and mortar to quietly seal the only door to the vault.
The two lovers suffocate and the film ends.
<EOS>
Raymond Dabney gets out and is welcomed home by his mother.
His father and brother Claude Dabney offer him money to go away.
Raymond likes London.
His mother tells him.
Claude is engaged.
Raymond goes out and meets Crystal Wetherby.
He joins her box  but she leaves.
He follows.
She is pestered.
Raymond meets a Bailiff.
A policeman tells Crystal.
Raymond has a writ to stay there and make sure no one takes the furniture.
Crystal s maid Clara approves.
Crystal tells Raymond  scaring him.
Her husband shot the trophies and gives him his large pajamas.
Raymond brings Crystal breakfast.
She tries to get rid.
Claude calls Crystal.
She tells Raymond.
Her fiance s parents are coming.
Raymond offers to butle.
They practice.
Raymond learns.
His family is coming.
He announces them.
Claude tells Raymond to clear out.
Catherine Burns and Mrs Burns arrive.
Raymond serves cocktails.
Claude tells Crystal.
They can marry and share their possessions.
Claude and Mr Dabney say.
They are.
Catherine tries to flirt.
He is too busy.
Claude says.
The best investment is marriage.
Raymond spills food.
Who demands he leave.
Claude tells Crystal.
Raymond just got out.
Raymond says.
He will leave if Crystal asks him.
She says.
He can stay so he wo nt lose his job.
She thanks Raymond.
Crystal sends Clara.
Raymond dries them.
Raymond tells Crystal.
Catherine wants to hire him.
Catherine calls.
Raymond and Crystal pretend to have a picnic and say.
Claude asks Raymond to leave.
Crystal finds out who he is.
Raymond agrees.
Raymond asks Crystal.
They quarrel.
She is marrying.
Raymond tells the bailiff.
The bill is paid.
Raymond shows Claude the writ.
Men remove furniture.
Raymond offers to explain.
He was a fortune hunter.
Raymond tells Crystal.
Claude is not marrying her.
They kiss.
<EOS>
7th century AD.
Parthiban  the Chola King  dies.
His son Vikraman is determined to fulfil his father s dream.
He is arrested and exiled to an island.
Where he is chosen the king.
Narasimhavarman cares a great deal about Vikraman.
He has banished him.
The latter loves his daughter Kundhavi.
Vikraman returns to see his mother and is attacked by robbers.
Narasimhavaraman.
Who has been helping Vikraman.
Vikraman weds Kundhavi and rules.
<EOS>
A popular performer  Jeannie Laird decides to buy her first house and celebrate.
The guests  enjoyment is interfered.
Carter is a comic-strip artist.
He prides himself.
He tells being true.
Whom he is raising alone.
But  a neglected Joey ends up blabbing.
When a relationship blossoms after a shaky start.
The comic strip s adventures have become far more fiction.
<EOS>
Former detective Chung-su takes a secre mission.
Who wants to see his first love again before he dies.
Knowing only  Chung-su sets sail only to leave him stranded once more on Mapado.
The woman s name is Kkotnim and that she now lives.
Where five abusive old women gave him trouble two years earlier.
Discovering  he starts to investigate the women s pasts believing.
The former name is in fact Dongbaek.
One is Kkotnim.
<EOS>
The film is set.
One is a flower seller.
Who many stars buy their flowers from.
She is prescribed a stay.
When Kate falls ill and visits the Doctor.
However  she is too ill to work to pay.
Her fellow stallholders rally round  and secretly organise a concert to help raise the money.
They approach all the great musical hall performers.
Who have used her stall.
The concert is successfully staged.
Kate is able to head.
<EOS>
Manuel Espirito Santo  a Portuguese immigrant suffers an accident and dies.
Now a ghost  he discovers.
His soul can not rest unless his body is buried.
He also discovers.
He can appear and thereby talk with them.
He appears and asks her to go to Amsterdam.
Order to retrieve his body.
<EOS>
Robert and Mamie Eunson are Scots.
Who have just landed  having been invited there by Mamie s uncle.
They arrive  only to be informed.
Both uncle and his cabin have been incinerated.
The Eunsons are assisted in reconstructing the house.
Robert takes to tipping timber.
Mamie is heavily pregnant  she delivers baby Robbie.
After the cabin is completed.
Robert eventually starts.
A successful boat building business and Mamie gives birth  Jimmy  Kirk  Annabelle  Elizabeth  and Jane.
The Eunsons are prospering and happy.
Little Kirk is diagnosed.
Mamie and Kirk are quarantined.
Robert takes the other children away.
The boy recovers  but the goodbye kiss proves fatal.
He gave Dadda.
Mr Eunson succumbs.
Mamie takes.
A seamstress and Robbie becomes the man.
Things stabilize  but only briefly  tired and work-worn  Mamie contracts typhoid.
Knowing  she charges her eldest.
She will not survive.
Robbie places his brothers and sisters with kindly townsfolk as Christmas approaches.
Stoic and resigned  he does break down.
When he is alone and sees the tree.
Baby Jane is the last to be handed over -- Robbie stands and asks the woman  I was wondering.
Who answers  Please  maam.
You d care to have my sister.
<EOS>
Set  and narrated like an old ballad  The Tiger from Tjampa tells the story of a young man  Lukman  Indonesia s traditional form of self defence  based on the movements of animals.
Who seeks to avenge his father s murder.
The pencak silat shown is regionally specific to West Sumatra.
Lukman pleads Datuk Langit to teach him  the man having asked him.
Is. 
Lukman then witnesses.
A man beat his opponent quite easily and begs him to teach him silat.
The man agrees.
His silat would not be used.
Lukman breaks his promise numerous times.
Every time his teacher always manages to forgive him.
His lessons are complete.
Lukman then once defies his teacher  and is imprisoned.
Lukman learns.
Datuk Langit is responsible.
He manages to escape and confront him  finally defeating him.
Himself. 
The Tiger is by no means a simple story of revenge  but is really an exploration of the practise and philosophical bases of pencak silat  and its relation to Islamic values.
Lukman is repeatedly shown to be intemperate  and easily provoked.
He must also learn perseverance and.
He must learn tunggu sabar.
<EOS>
A detailed look the life  Mozart Decoded starts with Mozart s upbringing and follows his life through his success and affiliations.
A priority is finding out.
What motivated Mozart s work and how organizations impacted his most popular operas.
<EOS>
Kip Davis  Charlie Burns  and Lee Price  are run out of town by the guerilla raider and Union Army leader Luke Cottrell.
Who burns down their ranch.
Deb begs them to stay in the small Texas town of Edenton  the three ranch owners vow vengeance on the Cottrell and decide to head south to find him.
Lee decides to join the Confederate Army.
When they get.
Kip and Charlie attempt to rebuild Three Bell ranch.
However  they take from an attractive local lounge singer  Rouge de Lisle  to transport a box of furniture for fifty dollars.
They do.
It turns out  however.
The box is instead filled.
Kip is subsequently arrested.
However  he is freed and is picked up.
He is punished.
Who offers him a job.
He accepts the offer  hoping to get enough money smuggling to rebuild the ranch.
The trio then hires a group.
Of which is Slim Hansen  who used to work  and heads to Matamoros  Mexico to pick up a shipment of guns for the Confederacy.
They run.
They attempt to cross the border.
Kip and Charlie are saved by a company of Confederate soldiers led by Lee.
Of which is Lee.
The three return.
Where Kip s fiancee again attempts to convince him to stay.
Kip is determined  however  to get enough money to restart his farm and instead continues to smuggle guns.
The three must decide.
When Brownsville is finally captured.
What the next course is.
Lee continues to fight  Kip wants to restore Three Bell ranch.
Charlie  more interested  opts to continue smuggling guns.
Kip decides to go and return to smuggling.
When Deborah refuses to leave her duties.
This pleases Rouge.
Who has fallen with Kip.
They get word.
Cottrell has threatened to kill Charlie and Kip if they return.
They decide to steal the shipment of guns.
It even reaches Mexico.
The men dress up.
Order to steal the guns  but then run.
Lee   breaks off all connections.
Who suspects that Kip and Charlie are.
Kip resolves.
When Cottrell kills one.
He must kill him.
However  Slim warns Cottrell.
He can.
Who ambushes Kip.
Kip avoids the ambush.
Cottrell is killed.
He is able to tell Kip.
He finds out.
When Kip returns.
His fiancee has fallen.
Realizing  he leaves to Matamoros.
He has lost.
Lee joins the Texas Rangers.
The war is over.
He is threatened.
Serving. 
Hoping to resolve the situation  Deb goes to Matamoros to ask Kip.
Deb convinces Kip to go to Brownsville.
Kip gets there just to stop the fight.
Charlie is shot.
Kip promises Charlie.
He will rebuild the Three Bell ranch.
<EOS>
Cee and her friends are chatting about the movie.
Her older sister Bowie   stated.
Who was a famous actress.
A sequel was.
Later Cee catches her boyfriend.
Who was the daughter.
He is a playboy.
Later Aof and Cee are quarreling.
Who is shocked and leaves.
Ying is later found dead.
Ying apparently jumped.
The next day Aof calls Cee and tries apologizing to her.
She calls off the relationship.
Cee and Bowie meet Bowie s boyfriend Karam.
Who is a rich resort owner and producer after she got the part in the horror film.
The sisters and their friends go.
Things go wrong.
When Cee sees Ying s ghost.
One is killed by a truck.
Aof becomes the prime suspect.
Cee finds out.
Cee and Bowie are caught with Karam.
There is a twist.
Cee was directly responsible  and was tormented by her sister as a child.
Aof was framed.
Cee digs the graves then she sees Ying s body coming.
She wakes up.
However her dream is actually real.
She was drowned.
Her body is discovered.
Who were recovered.
The man becomes angry.
When he watches the news and breaks his baseball bat.
It is revealed.
He is Cee s.
She dumped him.
The man leaves his home to call the police with a guilty look.
<EOS>
Eddie Jilette is a Chicago cop.
He follows his partner s killers to settle his own personal score.
Eddie and a Cajun sexpot  Michele  flee from a murderous crime lord.
Who wants his baby doll back.
To destroy the Chicago detective.
Who would avenge his partner s murder.
The sexy swamp girl finds herself falling.
They clash repeatedly.
<EOS>
Somebody Help Jennings Serena and Kimmy  and friends.
Me is the story.
They head off  respectively.
Things take an eerie turn.
The couples settle in.
The group ends up missing or dead.
The remaining few are forced to band together to figure out who or what is.
The murderer kills his victims.
The killings include  Barbara having part of her head sliced  Andrea having her entire scalp ripped off  Mike  Barbara s boyfriend having his eyes and fingernails ripped out  the sheriff having his throat slit.
Ken  Andrea s boyfriend having his teeth ripped.
Nicole dies.
When the man did not give her her inhaler.
The killer s daughter  Daisy  is singing Ring around the Rosie  and helps Brendan free the others in the end.
3 end up dead  and Olsen.
Came to save Brendan and free Serena  Darryl  Kimmy and Nicole s boyfriend  Seth.
The last scene is the murderer and Daisy having their car searched.
The policeman letting him go.
Daisy sings Ring again.
<EOS>
The film starts.
Where Larmata Brancaleone has ended.
Brancaleone da Norcia is a poor but proud Middle Ages knight leading his bizarre and ragtag army.
However  he loses all his warriors and therefore meets Death s personification.
Having obtained more time to live  he forms a new tattered band.
They set to bring him back to his father  Bohemund of Taranto.
When Brancaleone saves an infant.
Who is fighting.
Each a hilarious parody stereotypes.
He lives a series of grotesque episodes.
These include  the saving  the annexion of a leper to the band  and a meeting with Gregory VII.
Which Brancaleone has to solve the dispute.
Brancaleone obtains the title of baron from the child s father.
He is therefore chosen to solve the dispute between the Christians and the Saracens in the siege of Jerusalem.
The award is the former leper.
Who is.
Brancaleone is however defeated by a spell cast on him by the witch.
Who  having fallen with him  could not stand seeing him married with the princess.
He therefore starts to wander through the desert.
Again Death comes to claim her credit  Brancaleone  brooding and world weary has no qualms but asks to be allowed to die in knightly fashion  in a duel with the Grim Reaper itself.
He is.
Death agrees.
The confrontation begins  Brancaleone is about to be cleft by Death s scythe but is ultimately saved by the witch.
Who gives her life.
<EOS>
Leila and Reza are a modern Iranian couple  content.
However  Leila learns.
She is unable to conceive.
Reza s mother insists.
He   must have children  despite Reza s insistence that he does not want children  and suggests that he get a second wife.
He adamantly refuses the idea  his mother champions it.
Leila gets caught  elated at spending time with Reza one moment and torn apart by his nagging mother the next.
<EOS>
A girl visits her dad.
She makes friends.
She then tries to raise money to make an orphanage.
<EOS>
Simon Rawley is reported killed.
His blind father Robert decides to build a sports pavilion.
His neighbour Lord Clandon urges him to dedicate it.
Who gave their lives.
Robert refuses.
Planning and construction take some time and three years pass.
Which Simon s widow Angela falls with local doctor s son Maxwell Oliver.
Robert can not help feeling.
This is disloyal.
His second wife Joan does her best to convince him.
Angela is entitled to search again.
The pavilion is finally completed.
Plans are.
The local police are meanwhile looking.
Who coshed a motorist and stole his car  and has dumped the car in the vicinity.
Robert surprises an intruder that evening.
He is closely followed.
Who recognises her dead husband Simon.
He signals to let Robert know his identity.
Later he comes up to explain his resurrection and lack of contact since the war.
She soon sees.
It is subsequently revealed.
Far  Simon was a deserter who faked his own death.
He has been making a living on the wrong side of the law as a black-marketeering spiv.
Now down  he has returned to try to extort money.
Angela has to let Joan.
The two try desperately to shield Robert  aware.
The shattering would destroy him.
The unscrupulous Simon  learning to Maxwell  demands # 5000 to leave for good.
Robert gradually comes to realise.
Something very strange is going on.
Little manages to piece together.
Simon is.
He finally manages to track him down.
A struggles ensues  climaxing.
Robert agrees to change the dedication.
His son s perfidy finally revealed.
Lord Clandon had requested all along.
<EOS>
Thomas Crown  a millionaire businessman and sportsman  pulls off a perfect crime.
6 million -- can.
Crown never meets any  before or after the crime.
He retrieves the money later and deposits it.
Vicki Anderson  an independent insurance investigator  is contracted to investigate the heist.
She will receive a percentage.
She recovers it.
She checks.
When Crown comes as a possible suspect.
Him out and instantly is convinced he is the mastermind.
Crown does not need the money but is.
He plays polo and golf  flies a glider and drives a dune buggy  but is generally bored.
Vicki makes it clear.
She knows he is the thief and intends to prove it.
They begin a game  the attraction between them evident.
Their relationship soon evolves.
But it is complicated.
A reward offer entices the wife  to fink on him.
Vicki finds out.
He was hired.
She tries putting Erwin as Crown.
There is no hint.
Vicki is clearly closing  though.
Crown decides to organize another robbery exactly  and tells Vicki.
Where the drop will be.
He has to know that she is on his side.
The robbery is successful but there are gunshots.
The viewer is left.
People may have died  raising the stakes.
Vicki moves - they watch one of the robbers make the drop  and wait for Crown to show up.
They can arrest him.
She sees.
When his Rolls Royce arrives.
Crown has sent a messenger with a telegram asking her to bring the money and join him or if not  then she should keep the Rolls Royce.
She tears the telegram and throws the pieces to the wind  looking up at the sky with tears in her eyes.
Crown is then shown flying away.
<EOS>
A small homeless boy  Abush  wakes up hungry early.
Right.
Where he is sleeping.
Abush can smell the bread.
He does not have any money.
He starts to beg to buy bread.
No one pays him any attention.
The villagers are busy preparing that afternoon.
Finally  an elderly man gives Abush some money  but asks him to help.
But  the day is long and getting food.
Is so hard.
<EOS>
In the rural and wooded hillside region of Kushiata near Kyoto  Japan  a samurai  named Shigero  comes home to find his wife  Otami  in bed with another man  named Masanori.
Shigero kills them both.
Then himself.
Flash-forward   moves into this since-abandoned house and starts to experience incidents of haunting and possession.
Whom includes writer Ted Fletcher  his wife Laura  and their 12-year-old daughter  Amy.
The three murdered people still haunt the house and subject each to various harassment and mischief.
Gets more frequent and serious.
A Zen monk approaches Ted and tells him the story and urges him to leave the house.
Laura slowly becomes consumed by the evil presence of the three ghosts and begins an affair with Alex Curtis  a diplomat friend of Ted s.
Whom introduced them.
The evil presence  including the ghosts briefly possessing each member of the family to do odd things  reveals.
The ghosts are plotting to re-enact the mass murder-suicide so their souls could be free.
The supernatural incidents becomes more frequently.
When Ted is nearly drowned by Otami s ghost.
The ghosts take the form of giant spider crabs.
Attack Amy one evening.
It leads her.
When she tries to escape.
Ted calls.
The Zen monk who exorcises the ghosts and tells them to leave by the morning or the ghosts will return.
He predictably takes it very badly and attacks her.
When Laura tells Ted with Alex.
Alex arrives leading where they possess all three of them and finally re-enact the gory confrontation from the opening leading to the deaths of Alex  Laura  and Ted  just as the ghosts planned.
The end result has the three ghosts leaving the house  and implying.
The souls now haunt the cursed house in their place.
<EOS>
Ace Reporter Don Stevens is an American journalist.
Who goes during the civil war.
He stays.
He is promised an interview.
However  this proves to be a.
He is duped.
Who claims the PLO are prepared to negotiate peacefully.
Outraged  Stevens becomes determined to find out the truth.
He is helped.
Who it emerges.
Stevens is hindered by everyone around him  The PLO threaten him  the Phalangists arrest him.
The Israelis ignore him.
Tricked and beaten  he gradually uncovers a murder plot  double agents  the bombing  a plan to massacre hundreds of civilians.
<EOS>
At about 96 AD  Emperor Domitian has become a highly paranoid and tyrannical despot.
Who keeps the people oppressed.
He has only a few retainers left  his lover Artamne  a scheming Egyptian priestess  his diminutive jester  Elpidion  his gladiator bodyguards under the command of Soteros  his palace guards  and his Imperial Praetorian Guard under the command of their centurion  Valerius Rufus.
Whom he perceives as loyal.
Anyone is either imprisoned or summarily executed.
Who dares speak up - and may it be only a minor complaint - or is suspected of treason.
He secretly harbors resentment  but is careful not to reveal it.
Valerius appears loyal.
He begins fighting Domitian s rule   he becomes known as the Red Wolf.
When he begins to use a red wolf s coat to hide his face.
Are the young senator Nerva and the old patrician Fabius Lucillius and his family  especially Fabius  daughter Lucilla  Valerius  love interest.
One day  Artamne persuades Domitian to hold a sacrificial celebration  forcing Lucilla and other patrician daughters to attend and to be subjected to exploitation by the Emperor s lust.
Valerius manages to prevent this.
He is spotted.
He hides his mask in the palace garden.
The next day  Valerius arranges.
He has rescued to flee.
He discovers Elpidion  clad  waiting for him.
When he returns.
The dwarf declares.
He  too  hates Domitian and wants to join his cause.
He tells.
Valerius   arrives just in time to help his friends escape to Lucillius  estate.
The fugitives finally decide to organize an armed resistance movement.
Valerius kidnaps Artamne.
But  Artamne manages to charm one of her guards into releasing her  she returns to Domitian and reveals the location of the rebels  hideout.
Domitian sends to eliminate the rebels.
Valerius  alerted  fights them  allowing his friends to escape  but is wounded in the arm.
Lucilla is captured.
Soteros notices the injury and exposes him.
Valerius manages to temporarily hide his secret.
Valerius manages to escape.
He is captured himself and sentenced.
He later tries to free Lucilla.
However  Valerius is approached by his loyal friend and subordinate in the guard  Sejanus.
Who reveals that the Praetorian Guards are also resentful and wish to overthrow him.
Valerius sends him to contact his fugitive friends.
Together the rebels prepare to free the two and overthrow Domitian.
When Valerius and Lucilla are to be executed the following night.
The rebel s main group enters the palace through the dungeons and takes the Emperor and his retinue by surprise.
Artamne and Soteros are killed.
The battle is quickly ended.
Domitian makes it as far with Lucilla as his hostage.
Valerius follows him and kills him.
<EOS>
The movie revolves.
When his ship meets with a U.
S.
Coast Guard cutter  Kudirka makes a dramatic leap from the deck  landing on the USCGC Vigilant.
He announces.
He wishes to defect  but confusion.
S.
Policy prevent the Americans from offering him asylum.
Soviet officers are allowed to board the cutter  beat and bind Kudirka  and drag him back.
The crew looks on helplessly.
This tinderbox political incident occurs.
S.
Conference. 
The ultimate fate provides the core of the script.
<EOS>
The protagonist Damon Yorke  played is a young but highly valued and experienced London based Paramedic.
Damon is having some relationship problems  and is being forced to attend couples counselling.
Damon is told.
He should try phoning Clare just before she goes whilst he is on shift work  just to reassure her that he is okay and that he loves her.
He accidentally leaves his phone at home.
His crewmate claims to have also left his phone back.
Who is EMT Joe Greene  played.
So a personal quest begins to try and find a phone.
He can call Clare.
The only problem is Damon.
Is confronted.
These keep getting.
This results with his personal life coming to surface.
Somethings got to give.
<EOS>
The grandson has emigrated to the United States and now runs a print shop in Manhattan under the assumed name of Frank Raymond.
He is confronted by four armed men.
Who reveal that they know his true identity.
One is a lieutenant general of the S.
S.
Is Japanese.
A second  Baron Ikito.
They are seeking the invisibility formula and threaten amputation.
It is not revealed.
He just manages to escape.
Griffin is reluctant to release the formula.
S.
Government officials and only agrees.
He is parachuted behind German lines on a secret mission.
Griffin returns to a visible state and makes contact with a carpenter Arnold Schmidt.
Who reveals his mission.
He is to obtain a list within the U.
S.
The list was.
Griffin is aided by Maria Sorenson  a British spy and the love interest of Stauffer.
Griffin manages to obtain the list  and returns it to his contact.
The plot thickens.
Griffin steals to obtain information about a planned German attack on New York city.
He returns.
Who has been arrested.
He is captured by Ikito using a net trap.
Griffin and Sorensen are taken  but manage to escape during the mayhem.
Ensues when Stauffer s men arrive.
The couple escape and then make their way to England and safety.
<EOS>
Set  a snow-covered Bugs Bunny walks into the saloon with a bag full of gold nuggets.
Bugs has no use  admitting.
He confused carats when he traveled to the area.
The men.
Who requests a glass.
Bugs  rock is pretty.
Nonetheless  Bugs is shot.
Who identifies himself.
The shot breaks Bugs  glass.
Bugs confronts Jacque.
How rude he is.
Jacque thinks and demands the bag.
Bugs is out to get rich.
Jacque engages to seize the gold.
When Bugs refuses to cooperate.
One is Bugs  and Jacque s blackjack game.
Which Bugs innocently says that he does not know the rules and that I ve played Old Maid a couple of times  just for matches.
Bugs requests  card.
To stand.
Regardless  Jacque cheats and deals two 10 of spades cards for a total of 20 Beat that.
Then Bugs wins.
Bugs  seemingly unaware  Well  that s the way.
He is.
The ball bounces.
Somebody s got  somebody s got ta win .
Ta lose.
An enraged Jacque roars.
He sees Bugs pull out a popgun.
Jacque goes.
The gun blasts him.
As Jacque jokingly pulls out the cork.
Bugs pretends to have a phone call for Jacque from Fifi from Montreal-with the receiver being a lighted stick of dynamite.
Jacque takes the bait and the dynamite explodes  swooning Ohh.
That Fifi  she s a blast.
Jacque corners Bugs in a back storeroom and in a form of armed robbery  holds a pistol to Bugs Bunny and demands the gold.
Bugs then pretends to cower and surrenders the gold  actually handing him a bag filled.
The powder leaves a trail.
Who gloats  and proceeds to run off into the mountains shouting.
Bugs  lights the trail.
Makes a gigantic and colorful explosion  aborting Jacque s celebration.
Gee  those Northern Lights are pretty this time.
Bugs remarks.
He witnesses the explosion.
Bugs notes.
Furthermore as he departs.
What people will do.
Bugs then hops and calls out to the sled dog  named Oatmeal  to mush and rides off into the horizon.
Oatmeal lets out a bark very similar one year later.
Both were voiced.
<EOS>
Stella Johnson is a beautiful widowed single mother.
Who lives.
She sells cosmetics.
Her fourteen year old daughter is named Dee.
Dee brings her mother a letter.
Is led.
The letter denounces her not following the societal mores of the day and community and further stating.
If she did nt change her ways more  Dee would be punished for her mother s sins by being expelled from school.
Infuriated and glaring hypocrisy  Stella storms to the PTA meeting and proceeds to tell most of the PTA members off by exposing their hidden skeletons for the town to see.
A rock is thrown for  Stella prepares to get even with those.
What she did.
Who would want her driven out.
She teams up.
Who  along help  wreak hilarious and justified revenge on those PTA members who hated Stella.
She finds out.
One has fallen in love with her.
Will  and another male  Skeeter Duggan  the town s Notary public  do not agree with Flora and her friends and are sympathetic to Stella.
Stella goes ahead and makes a run for President of the PTA.
Infuriates Flora and her allies.
Things become more and more desperate.
One  real estate agent Kirby Baker  is arrested for assaulting Myrna Wong  an Asian-American friend of Stella s  after he attempts to run Stella out of town by means of a foreclosure.
They finally decide to resort to maintain the power.
They hold.
The board members then decide to go and hire a couple.
They can commit election fraud.
The kidnappers snatch Skeeter  and lock him.
He is taking the trash out.
Where he is locked up and made drunk.
Eventually  Stella and Alice  disguised  find him  and free him.
Sees her braces removed and her hair styled.
Incurs the jealousy.
Also shown are Edwina  Bettina s twin sister and Dee s best friend  Mavis.
Who  herself  becomes a target by being falsely accused of stealing money by Olive Glover  the PTA s corrupt recording secretary.
Olive   has actually stolen money  and intends to having Mavis framed for the crime and arrested.
Who has a hardcore gambling addiction.
Ultimately  Flora s scheme to discredit Stella fails.
Olive is arrested.
Dutch and Tex   tell the police.
Flora is behind it all to keep Stella.
Stella wins the election and becomes the new PTA president.
Will and Stella fly off and marry.
<EOS>
A serial killer is raping women and strangling them with neckties.
Most takes place in Covent Garden.
Was still the wholesale fruit and vegetable market district.
Fairly early  the audience sees.
Fruit merchant Robert Rusk is in fact the murderer.
However  circumstantial guilt has already built up.
Blaney s ex-wife Brenda runs a matchmaking service.
Rusk used until he was blacklisted.
One day  Rusk shows up and tries to seduce her   he rapes and strangles her in a fit of rage.
When she spurns his advances.
Suspicion falls.
Who had earlier threatened her.
The subsequent murder occurs off-screen  the audience sees her entering Rusk s apartment with him.
The camera then pulls back to the other side of the street.
The audience next sees Rusk.
Rusk soon finds  and realises.
His distinctive jeweled tie pin is missing.
Babs must have torn it off as he was murdering her.
He climbs.
It starts off.
The killer desperately scrabbles to find the dead woman s hand.
Rigor mortis has set.
He has to break her fingers.
Order to prise the pin.
Blaney is jailed  while protesting his innocence.
Chief Inspector Oxford  the detective investigating the murders  reconsiders the previous events and begins to believe.
He has arrested the wrong man.
He discusses the case.
Blaney escapes.
Oxford knows  and immediately goes there.
He will head for revenge.
Blaney arrives to find.
The door is unlocked.
He creeps in and sees  he strikes the body twice.
What appears to be Rusk asleep.
However  we see.
The body is the corpse of another of Rusk s female victims.
Oxford bursts.
Blaney is still standing.
They hear Rusk carrying something large and heavy up the staircase  so the two men wait.
He is dragging a large trunk to cart away the body.
When Rusk enters.
The film ends  you re not wearing your tie.
<EOS>
Jordan Oliver is caught embezzling $.
Is given a chance to pay it back.
He is the boss .
Meanwhile  his wealthy wife Clarice is about to divorce him.
He can only get the money.
He hires a hitman Bobo to kill his wife  Bobo subcontracts the job out.
Who subcontracts it out and so on until an actor is the hitman for just $.
95 is invalid  he must rescue his wife.
When Oliver is told his wife s insurance.
She s murdered.
<EOS>
Andy Panda and Woody Woodpecker are two cold  hungry  unemployed musicians trying to keep alive house.
They happen to read about Mrs Gloria Van Glutton s musicale and dinner.
Eluding butler Wally Walrus  they slip unobserved.
Where the aroma is too much for Woody.
Andy snags a roast turkey.
The hungry mouse swallows a piece.
Wally watches Woody make a sandwich  gets too close  and becomes part.
Fortunately  a sneeze starts a.
The guests throw food -- that is.
Andy  Woody and the mouse stuff themselves.
Wally starts using a shotgun.
This breaks up the party and is a great help.
<EOS>
The film continues directly.
Where The Adventures ended with Barry McKenzie and his aunt Dame Edna returning home to Australia from England.
Two henchmen of Count Plasma mistake Dame Edna for the Queen of England and kidnap her during their brief stopover in Paris  believing.
She will draw tourists.
It is then up the Reverend Kevin McKenzie  his Parisian expatriate Aussie friend Col the Frog and his other expatriate mates in France and England to head a team of Australian agents to be parachuted into Transylvania and rescue Edna.
Barry and Edna return home and are greeted by Gough Whitlam and his wife.
Whitlam mades Edna a Dame.
<EOS>
A novelist makes a bet.
He can complete a book.
He goes to write it.
He thinks is deserted.
<EOS>
The movie begins.
A teenage psyche ogre is distracted with his heavy metal music.
Is attending the evil-purification machine.
He does nt pay attention.
One gets full and breaks  releasing all of the collected evil energy at once  he is covered by the evil and transformed.
The barrier keeping the dead confined in Other World is destroyed.
Many are now wreaking havoc on Earth.
This includes previous villains.
Gohan and Videl are called on to help.
Bulma and the others gather the Dragonballs  and summon Shenron.
They wish to be returned to the Other World  but Shenron informs them.
Only King Yemma can resolve the problem.
The Grand Kai sends Goku and Pikkon to see King Yemma.
They find.
When they arrive.
The Other World has been changed  filled.
King Yemma has been imprisoned.
Goku and Pikkon attempt to break the barrier.
It absorbs any energy thrown.
King Yemma informs them.
A monster created is atop the check-in station.
Goku begins fighting the monster.
Pikkon attempts to destroy the barrier.
The monster named  Goku is losing.
Janemba has a childlike mentality and possesses strange powers that allow him.
He then powers up and swiftly dominates Janemba.
Janemba reduces.
Seemingly defeated.
Mr Satan is winning over the zombies.
Frieza and his henchmen arrive shortly.
Gohan and Videl get rid.
Frieza begins to taunt Gohan.
Gohan defeats him.
Back  Pikkon discovers.
Cursing causes it to crack.
Meanwhile  Janemba creates a sword  and easily gains the upper hand against Goku  eventually launching him into the Blood Pond and trapping him within.
Janemba then slices the Pond down piece.
He traps Goku.
Vegeta dashes in and helps Goku   Vegeta has regained his physical form.
As Janemba is about to deal the final slash.
He starts to fight Janemba  but is no match for him.
Goku breaks out to catch Vegeta from being flung into the Mountain of Spikes.
Both Goku and Vegeta take cover.
Goku knows  so he suggests using the fusion technique.
They can not win.
Vegeta becomes skeptical  first off complaining.
The pose is embarrassing.
Furthermore telling Goku.
He would rather die than to fuse.
Goku calmly reminds Vegeta.
He is already dead.
Janemba launches a neeedle blast  Goku and Vegeta barely avoid the blast.
Destroys the Mountain.
Goku persuades Vegeta to try the Fusion Dance.
Vegeta  however  fails to extend his forefinger.
Veku is created.
This fat fighter is weak and can do little but fart.
The Fusion runs out.
As Janemba attacks.
Goku and Vegeta escape.
Vegeta curses Goku  saying Fusion is useless.
King Kai informs them.
Vegeta did not extend his forefinger.
Pikkon arrives  and begins to fight Janemba to give Goku and Vegeta time to perform the Fusion Dance.
Pikkon figures out.
Janemba is made.
It works.
Part disintigrates.
However  Janemba is able to incapacitate Pikkon.
Those few moments allow Goku and Vegeta to successfully perform the Fusion Dance  forming Gogeta.
Feel their father s fuse.
They decide to fuse forming Gotenks.
Gogeta is a formidable warrior  he quickly defeats Janemba.
The teenage demon returns.
Scared  he runs away.
Other World is returned.
King Yemma is freed.
All are returned to the Other World.
Goku and Vegeta bid each other a good-natured farewell.
Vegeta disappears again.
Gohan  Goten  Videl and Trunks are returning home.
Goten and Trunks joke kissing back in town  and are chased home by a cross Gohan in every version of the movie.
Meanwhile  Shenron remains summoned  and asks.
Anyone still wants to use the wishes.
<EOS>
The film follows a thief.
Where he is mistaken.
<EOS>
Part 2 opens.
Buford will seek.
Obra and Grady both state.
There is no way Buford resigns until he either convicts or kills everyone who was involved.
Buford s mother and his children visit Buford.
Who is still.
Buford s mother asks him and confesses.
She wishes he would retire.
There ai nt no shame  she tells him.
I know  Mama.
Which he replies.
Buford is.
His first order is to bust up a still operating on the banks of the river.
Buford and his deputies surprise the moonshiners and round them all up.
Who gets away.
Mob boss John Witter is angry.
When Dobson brings Ray Henry.
Witter makes Ray Henry wait.
He and Dobson talk.
Witter grumbles.
Buford has cost him a lot.
He puts pressure to take Buford out.
Dobson promises.
He will.
Dobson goes.
Pardee strips two on his Impala and then entices Buford into a high-speed car chase.
Buford s wheel does come off.
He survives unhurt.
Meanwhile  the only participant.
Buford recognized.
Witter brings.
Take a week  he tells Stilson.
Take two weeks.
Just do nt press.
He ll be.
This man is no dummy.
An investigation reveals.
The only blue and white Camaro is owned by Stud Pardee.
Buford gets a warrant  tracks down Pardee and proceeds to destroy his prized car.
Costs $ 300 a piece.
Buford offers Pardee a drink.
Pardees declines.
Buford tells him  You look.
You could use a drink.
Pardee takes the bottle and tries to drink it all down.
Buford stops him  telling him  I need the rest.
Pardee tells Buford  You know.
You have a hell.
Buford informs Pardee.
His car is impounded and will be sold.
Next Buford busts up a still operation.
Uses the Falcon Baptist Church.
One takes off running.
When accosted.
Buford chases the man.
The man asks Buford.
He is has time to bother us poor blacks Buford tells him  Same.
Which the man replies  Same.
C.
Hand is a friend.
Buford tells Obra to swear out a warrant.
C.
Hand.
I do nt want there to be any misunderstanding.
Buford raids Hand s place and tells him he s going to be facing time.
Buford s father is understandably upset.
A.
C.
Hand is his oldest and dearest friend.
Before I ever even went.
Buford reminds his father.
He is because he destroyed my family.
Marganne Stilson  posing  tries to get Buford to show her around.
Obra is.
Buford declines.
He is important.
Stilson says.
She will hold Buford.
Witter himself makes advances.
She quickly informs him.
He can not afford her.
Buford is informed.
The fancy speed-boat has been spotted again  coming.
Buford sets up a sting operation.
He discovers a bomb planted by Ray Henry.
He is leaving his house.
Buford radios Obra and Grady to tell.
That he has a little mechanical problem.
He reminds them.
It is the man that you are after.
Grady inadvertently trips an alarm wire.
Pinky Dobson again escapes.
Buford had made a secret deal.
Tate calls one day to tell Buford.
His new car is ready.
Buford lets Obra talk him.
Obra explained  it would nt cost the county anything.
It s his day off.
Buford is hesitant.
Obra finally convinces him.
Obra is driving 100 mph.
When he discovers the brakes are out.
The steering has been tampered.
Obra dies.
Buford tells Obra s parents.
Obra died because his car had been tampered with.
Buford makes a deal to finally nail Pardee.
Buford offers to show Stilson around.
They get.
Stilson claims to have left a map.
She is interested.
Buford says no problem and offers to take her there.
Two snipers are waiting in a boat.
Stilson suggests a picnic.
Buford says.
It may be a little chilly.
Buford and Stilson go.
Where Buford informs her that there is no student registered.
He makes her go back outside and frightens off the snipers before telling Stilson to let Dobson know.
He is wise.
The Sheriff Tanner pursues Pardee back.
Buford takes up the chase.
Pardee is driving his new Corvette convertible.
Pardee manages to go around a road-block set up but later crashes and his trapped in his overturned car.
Buford gets Pardee to confess.
It was Pinky Dobson who paid him.
Buford helps free Pardee.
Dobson once again flees.
When his still is raided.
This time  however  they are ready.
Mr Pusser has supervised a blockade across the river.
Buford tells Dobson to surrender.
Dobson ignores him and ultimately is.
When he hits the barricade.
Ray Henry purchases a machine gun and 1000 rounds.
Buford learns Buford and his wife were ambushed.
Ray Henry was Dobson s cell-mate and that they were both seen in the vicinity the night.
Dobson is but escapes with the help of his girlfriend  Ruby Ann.
Buford and an FBI agent pursue Dobson and Ruby Ann.
Buford shoots Dobson.
Ruby Ann tells Buford.
She says both are.
When Dobson tells her to shut up.
She is not afraid like Dobson and Ray Henry.
Buford and his men go.
Where Ray Henry is living.
Buford is wounded but kills Ray Henry.
Buford asks Grady.
He is getting.
He remembers a man.
Grady asks  What man.
<EOS>
17-year-old Lance Elliot is a summer intern.
His fantasies turn real.
When he s ordered to rush a package.
A.
A madman millionaire computer virus designer and his icy henchwoman want that package.
It s key.
Lance stays one step  trying to avoid a visit to their video-game-of-doom room.
<EOS>
A hospital room  a drip   Rachid B.
Recalls his strongest memories  those.
He gives an honest account of his life  his wanderings  and the splits.
Have marked it.
The film tells the story.
He was never able to share.
Programme Visions du reel 2011  page.
<EOS>
Hamsaveni  is treated as such by her grateful village.
Water is found.
Her elder brother Vallatharai exploits his young sister s powers to make himself rich.
Vallatharai is unhappy  due to the difference in status between the two and  more importantly  he can see his money supply running out.
When Hamsaveni falls.
So Vallatharai tries to put Thambi Durai off from marrying his sister.
<EOS>
Tora-san plays  trying to arrange a romance between Ryosuke and Sachiko.
His advice proves disastrous.
Tora-san instead falls with Ryosuke s sister.
<EOS>
The Crystal Cube is a science programme.
The show is hosted.
A different topic of science was to be discussed.
It was genetics.
Two guest scientists discussed the issue to a live studio audience and viewers at home.
The scientists were Dr Adrian Cowlacey  a practicing clinician.
Thomas  Hospital  London  and Max Belhaven.
Cowlacey and Belhaven comment  with people divided into Alphas  Betas and Gammas based on their genetic background.
Society will be divided into a genetic caste system.
They also show an example.
Who is designed to carry out menial tasks.
The show later goes.
Who claims the Soviets are using genetics to invade Britain.
However  Gareth interrupts the conversations and causes a riot.
Cowlacey therefore ends the show.
<EOS>
The Country Cousin tells the story from Podunk coming to visit his relative in the city.
The opening shot/title card is of the mouse staring up at the city skyscrapers  with the sign directing him to Podunk facing the opposite way.
He receives a telegram.
The film sets out to contrast the lifestyles of the archetypal country and city inhabitants.
Abner is shown walking along a railroad.
The differences become clear.
When he arrives.
Abner is wearing overalls.
Is portrayed and oblivious to the dangers of the city  they face.
Monty sports a top-hat and is acutely aware.
Monty leads Abner.
The human residents have set out.
The two mice begin.
Abner lacks any sense  and soon begins gorging himself on celery  cream  and mustard.
The latter of which generates a reaction.
Cooling himself  Abner finds himself partial to the taste  and becomes drunk  provoking the disdain of Monty.
Abner begins seeing  and creates more noise by bringing down a pile of bread.
Abner then assesses his reflection.
He slips.
He walks away.
The saucer  spinning and flying  catches Monty on the way  and breaks several pieces of dishware too.
Monty is infuriated.
He attempts to find a secluded spot  safe.
The pair are now.
The inebriated Abner   kicks the cat s behind.
His cousin rushes back.
The cat bares its teeth.
Only leads him to inspect the inside  thus bringing Abner back to his senses.
He is then chased  first receiving an electric shock by jumping inside a socket  and then ending up on the city street.
When he jumps out.
Abner is faced.
He finds himself again  and flees back to his home town.
<EOS>
The film looks.
Vijaya s husband died a few days.
She is trying to cope for a kind  local teacher.
Her friend  Sonia  is caught.
Aunt Nila has difficulty.
<EOS>
Morocco has spent more than 30 years denying the Saharans the right.
The women are the pillar of their struggle  they keep the society together and keep up the fight and resistance.
Their struggle   shows the strength and force of the Saharan women.
The Tebraa is the Saharan women s song  be it.
They sing.
When they are alone.
It s an intimate song.
That s.
Where we have tried to go.
<EOS>
The story is like the one of noted Hindi film ` Jo Jeeta Wohi Sikander  released in nineties.
The main theme depicts.
An irresponsible boy can be very responsible.
We have got a glittering appearance of a new hero at Tollygunge named ` Jeet.
Raja is a college student.
Who is forever committing mischief.
He and his peers Bhola  Dhonu & Kanu always stay.
Raja has an elder brother  Rohit.
Who is the exact opposite.
Rohit works  and is bright in studies.
Their father is fed up.
Even the stubborn mule refuses to change.
Raja s only support is his childhood friend Kavita.
Who is secretly.
But the flirtatious Raja finds solace.
Raja saves Riya.
But Riya dumps Raja & patches up.
The devastated Raja starts rigorously practising.
The upcoming kick boxing championship final.
All hell breaks loose.
When Rohit is beaten.
Rohit is hospitalised.
Raja approaches Rohit s coach and begs him to train Raja.
Thus a vigorous practice schedule begins.
Raja gets himself ready for the match.
He emerges victorious and dedicates the trophy to Rohit and then celebrates his love with Kavita.
<EOS>
Yazid  together with his friend Rosli and a few other settlers arrived in Lurah Bilut.
They regarded.
Things were nt easy.
Them to get their settlements going.
Their confidence was first put with the death of Rosli.
Who was hit.
They had to go through various hardships and tribulations - wild animals that share their habitat  natural disaster of storm and flood  and life with the society.
Emerged there.
Yazid s most unbearable challenge was.
When his third child  Yamin  died.
Yusof  Yazid s son excelled and became the first settler s son to have been awarded a scholarship to study abroad.
It was.
Yusof knew life better  meets many new people  and grows.
Gabriel  now a filmmaker  comes to Malaysia to do a study on the success and contribution of FELDA to both Malaysians and its economy.
Gabriel meets up.
Who is now an executive.
Yusof takes Gabriel and shows him the fruit of hard work of the early FELDA settlers.
<EOS>
George Pratt sends partner Sam McCord to Seattle to bring back his fiancee  a French girl.
Whom Sam has never met.
Finding there  Sam brings back prostitute Angel.
George s girl has already married another man.
There is a misunderstanding  she thinks.
Sam wants her and begins to become enamored with him during the boat trip to Alaska  during which he treats her like a respectable lady.
An angry George rejects the girl outright.
His younger brother Billy is definitely interested.
Meanwhile  con man and saloon owner Frankie Cannon tries to steal their gold claim.
George takes a liking to Angel and is willing to marry her.
But  he does everything.
He realizes that she has fallen.
He  too  is.
Meanwhile  the men discovered Cannon s scam.
He convinced his illiterate janitor  so they try to reclaim their right.
The story concludes.
Angel decides to leave.
The guys convince her to stay.
<EOS>
Peter  also known announces to his friends Christopher aka Kid and Bilal.
He will be having a party  as his parents are on vacation.
The reluctant Bilal is to be the DJ.
Kid is then involved.
He tries to convince his father  Pop to let him go.
When Kid comes home.
He was in.
Relents  but soon grounds Kid when a note informs him.
Kid sneaks out - not realizing.
Rather than miss the party.
His sleeping father is watching Dolemite.
His father woke up just as he closed the door.
Kid runs into Stab and his brothers  and ducks into an Alpha Delta Sigma reunion nearby to get away from them.
Crashing the reunion  Kid has the DJ scratch and mix a few.
That he can liven the party  until Stab and the others turn up again.
He winds up knocking an older man down.
When trying to get away.
However  Kid and the bullies are caught.
Who humiliate the four teenagers before letting them go.
He jumps over a fence to get away  ending up looking in a window.
Where a fat man is having rough sex.
Kid runs away.
When he is discovered.
The three punks are shot.
He finds it  with attractive girls Sydney and Sharane also in attendance.
When Kid finally makes it.
Kid and Play first get into a dance contest with Sidney and Sharane  and later have a quick freestyle battle.
Stab and his friends attempt to break up the party  but are arrested a second time.
Who take delight.
Kid s father eventually makes his way  demanding to know.
Where Kid is.
- Kid is upstairs helping Sharane get her coat - Pop vows to wait.
When he does nt spot Kid.
Sharane decides to openly flirt  much to Sydney s disgust.
Kid and Sydney each have an eye.
The three soon leave the party.
She rebuffs him.
When Kid tries to make advances.
Kid then walks Sydney back home  and the two of them finally calm down and make conversation.
Sydney allows Kid to sneak.
The two are about to have sex.
When she stops him  wanting to know if she is simply his second choice.
Kid admits.
Sydney was his first choice all along.
They do not do anything.
When they see that the only condom Kid has is too old to be used.
- now revealed at the high school reunion  including the man - Sydney hastily helps.
When Sydney s parents come home.
Kid ran.
Kid sneak out.
He manages to get out.
They all end up.
Where Kid entertains the rest by rapping  distracting them long enough for Play  Sharane  Bilal  and Sydney to arrive with enough cash to bail him out.
Later on  the five friends say their goodnights.
Kid and Sydney share a long passionate kiss goodnight.
Kid sneaks and gets undressed.
Play and Bilal drops him off.
He looks up only to find Pop holding a belt.
He is about to get.
The movie then cuts.
Where Pop whipping Kid can be heard.
<EOS>
Stephen  a shell-shocked Vietnam veteran  returns  lost three jobs in a row.
He entered voluntarily because he was suffering and had in consequence.
Finally coming home again  he gets a new job at a grammar school  but loses it again within less than one week because of a law forbidding people.
Who spent time to work within the vicinity of children.
However  the Simmons family desperately need money  so Stephen continues looking  and finds a job picking potatoes.
There he makes friends.
Whose help he succeeds.
The twins Lidia and Stu try to get away from the dreary reality of their lives.
They find a tree close to their house and decide to build a tree house there.
They and their friends argue over  the three boys - Stu  Chet and Marsh - want it all to themselves.
Who has to construct it and who is allowed to use it.
The girls - Lidia  Elvadine and Amber - want them to work and share it afterwards.
They agree to build the tree house together.
The girls get everything.
They need.
Unfortunately Billy  the youngest  discovers Lidia  Elvadine and Amber on his father s territory.
The girls have to pay him to keep quiet.
Later his brothers force him to betray Lidia s secret.
Stephen and Moe are caught.
The children are busy building their tree house.
They drain water.
Moe is caught.
Stephen   is determined to save him.
Who had to leave his best friend to die in order to be rescued himself.
If it costs him his own life.
He frees Moe  but is hit.
Stephen is badly hurt and comatose  being put.
The two men are both rescued.
The Lipnickis find the treehouse and take it over  stealing the lock and key.
Stu and Lidia fear.
Belonged. 
However  they agree to return them.
Stu can win a bet - swimming a lap while it drains - which he does.
The children can keep the place.
Not  he can get it back himself.
The Lipnickis throw the key  telling Stu that if he wants it.
Shortly afterwards  their father is taken  and dies.
They discover.
When the kids run away to the tree house.
The Lipnickis have returned.
Erupts. 
Meanwhile  Billy Lipnicki protests  asking  but is ignored.
They ca nt share the fort.
He takes it to go to the water tower to retrieve the key  but the roof caves in just as Stu and the others find him.
He almost drowns.
Stu rescues and resuscitates him together.
Billy tells them he saw an angel  one.
Who looked  -RSB- only bigger  who told him he had to stay on Earth and take care of his family.
Time on the Lipnickis stop fighting with the others.
Stay out  except for Billy.
Who becomes a good friend.
The twins and their friends start to rebuild the tree house  but give it up due to lack of interest.
Also  they find out.
Their father bought them a new house before he died and are happy to have a proper home again at last.
<EOS>
Kalliyur Gopinathan alias.
Gopi is a member himself is a good singer.
Kalliyur Raman  is Gopi s elder brother  guru and role model.
Who is an excellent singer.
Raman is married.
Gopi is with the character played by Urvashi.
Raman reigns.
But he turns alcoholic.
He is unable to give up the habit.
Movie depicts Raman reaching.
Gopi is forced to take over.
He is an instant hit.
This has been depicted quite.
Gopi s music  now flows out.
Was hidden.
Taking this  Raman starts hating his brother and strives hard to recover from alcoholism.
His morale is shattered.
When organizers select his brother over him to perform.
He attends the concert but is able to appreciate his brother s talent.
He sets on a pilgrimage  but was never to return.
Gopi  getting to know  is forced to conceal this truth s marriage.
Raman is killed.
Gopi gets lot with his.
Who also knows.
Gopi s trauma reaches penultimate.
When his family comes to know and that Gopi was concealing it.
Everything ends fine.
When the family understands his intentions.
<EOS>
Manjadikuru is a story.
When 10 year old Vicky arrives to attend his grandfather s funeral.
The disjointed family gathers together.
Vicky discovers more about himself  his family and culture.
He had expected to.
The journey is narrated.
Who returns to recount the experience.
The boy returns as a young man  to visit old grounds  and finds the ` Lucky red seeds  scattered away.
Manjadikuru Summary South Asian International Film Festival  New York.
<EOS>
Jules has problems.
School work are reflected.
He receives with his controlling father.
<EOS>
Three Little Beers contains three drunken bears  a reference.
Delivery department stacking barrels onto the back of their delivery truck.
They soon learn.
Their company is sponsoring.
Once  the Stooges disrupt everyone and everything -- and steal some golfers  clothes.
They split up to practice-while knowing absolutely nothing.
Curly gets his golf ball stuck and decides the only way to retrieve.
It is.
Moe finds an open area.
The only thing is the ground  chopping divots.
He hits.
Larry practices putting  but a root gets.
He begins tugging.
The putting green has a grassless line going where the root was.
The groundskeepers see all this  and complain.
The scared trio run in their beer truck.
But  two barrels suddenly fall off the truck and roll away.
When they head uphill.
The truck is parked.
The Stooges give chase.
It gets worse.
When the parked truck s brake loosens up  moving it slightly.
The truck hits a street corner  so the rest give way and head downhill as well-right toward the Stooges.
<EOS>
Zephyr is a strong-willed little girl  spending her summer holidays up in the Eastern Black Sea mountains.
She has had to get used to being alone.
Zephyr takes refuge  creating whole worlds in her mind to cope with her mother s absence.
Zephyr looks forward.
She spends her days helping her grandparents out.
Roaming the outdoors.
One day her mother finally and unexpectedly arrives.
However  she comes back not to pick her daughter up  but to say goodbye before embarking on an even longer journey.
Yet Zephyr has made up her mind with her mother ever again.
<EOS>
A young woman named.
Her parents are killed.
Oui has no place else to go.
She shows up.
Who sees ghosts.
Oui suffers.
Her parents killed  and is taking medications.
And Aunt Bua is involved  and keeps a strange shrine in the house.
Many threads in this strange ghost story are somehow tied together.
<EOS>
Michael secretly keeps.
He seems like the a perfectly normal insurance broker.
A 10-year-old boy called Wolfgang locked.
The film shows Michael washing his genitals  thus more or less confirming to the viewer.
He has sex.
Apart.
That they have somewhat  with Michael sometimes being strict  sometimes caring  and sometimes playful.
Wolfgang is allowed into the living room for dinner.
Michael locks the door and closes the blinds.
To watch TV.
Michael is.
When.
Michael digs a grave.
When Wolfgang gets sick.
A preparation dies.
However  he recovers.
The boy writes a letter  to be mailed by Michael.
Michael does not send it and lies saying.
His parents do nt want him back.
Sometimes he takes the boy.
Where people do not know Michael.
He goes on a skiing trip with friends for multiple days  leaving extra food for Wolfgang.
Who has water  a toilet  simple cooking facilities and a TV.
Michael promises.
Wolfgang is lonely.
Another child will arrive  so that he has company.
Together they assemble a bunk bed.
Michael attempts to abduct another boy.
The boy is called back.
Who scolds him.
Michael tells Wolfgang.
He did not succeed.
One day Wolfgang throws boiling water  severely hurting his eyes.
Wolfgang does not succeed.
Michael drives off but dies.
Michael s mother is about to discover the boy.
When the film ends.
<EOS>
James Skippett get drunk at his bachelor party.
He had.
Dudley confides to his friend about a brief fling.
The following morning they oversleep and are late.
Joe Piper  a young man  appears at the flat and claims to be Dudley s illegitimate son from his pre-war tryst.
They are dressing themselves.
The two men reject his claim.
Leave him and hurry off to the wedding only to discover they have arrived too late.
The ceremony has been postponed.
The bride s family have gone.
They hurry round to try and justify their behaviour to Mary Bogle and her stern father.
They claim.
Rather than explain.
They were called and spend the rest of the day trying to produce a famous author John Tempest who they claim will provide them with an alibi about their late arrival.
Allister the butler  meanwhile  has been unable to prevent Joe Piper discovering.
He also heads and begins demanding large sums of money from Dudley in exchange for keeping quiet about their relationship.
Skippett then persuade Joe Piper to pretend to be Tempest unaware.
She is actually a woman  and one of the bride s guests at the wedding.
They slowly dig themselves.
The Bogles prepare to leave.
Eventually   the Bogles agree.
Both Piper and Skippett have dressed up and pretended to be Tempest.
Dudley can marry her daughter only to reveal to them that he was Dudley s love child when he is not paid the blackmail money he demands.
The wedding is saved  however.
When a police inspector arrives and reveals that Piper s real father is not Dudley but rather Mr Bogle who had also had a fling in.
<EOS>
New Moon is the name.
A young man named Lt.
Petroff meets Princess Tanya.
They have a ship-board romance.
Petroff learns.
Tanya is engaged.
Petroff  disillusioned  crashes the ball to talk.
Found  they invent a story about her lost bracelet.
To reward him  and remove him  Brusiloff sends Petroff.
Soon  the big battle will begin.
<EOS>
Duke brothers Randolph and Mortimer own Duke & Duke  a successful commodities brokerage.
Holding opposing views  they make a wager of the usual amount and agree to conduct an experiment switching the lives of two people at opposite sides of the social hierarchy and observing the results.
They witness an encounter -- the well-mannered and educated Louis Winthorpe III  engaged to the Dukes  grand-niece Penelope -- and a poor street hustler named Billy Ray Valentine  Valentine is arrested at Winthorpe s insistence because of a suspected robbery attempt.
The Dukes decide to use the two men.
Winthorpe is publicly framed by Clarence Beeks at the request of the Dukes.
Winthorpe is fired  his bank accounts are frozen  he is denied entry to his Duke-owned home.
He quickly finds.
Himself vilified.
He befriends Ophelia  a prostitute.
Who agrees to help him once he is exonerated.
Meanwhile  the Dukes bail Valentine out  install him in Winthorpe s former job and grant him use of Winthorpe s home.
Valentine soon becomes well-versed  and begins to act.
Winthorpe is caught planting drugs in Valentine s desk in a desperate attempt to get his job back.
He brandishes a gun to escape.
Later  the Dukes discuss their experiment and settle their wager  before plotting to return Valentine to the streets.
Valentine overhears the conversation  and seeks out Winthorpe.
Winthorpe attempts suicide.
Valentine  Ophelia and Winthorpe s former butler Coleman nurse.
Him back and inform him of the Dukes  experiment.
They learn.
Clarence Beeks is transporting a secret report.
Winthorpe and Valentine recall.
Large payments made by the Dukes and realize that the Dukes plan to obtain the report to corner the market on frozen orange juice.
The group agrees to disrupt their plan.
The four board Beeks  Philadelphia bound train  intending to switch his report with a forgery.
Beeks uncovers their scheme and attempts to kill them.
He is knocked unconscious.
The four disguise Beeks and lock him up with the real gorilla.
The forged report indicating is then delivered.
The year s orange crop will be low.
Valentine and Winthorpe then travel to carry out their part of the plan.
The Dukes commit all their holdings to buying frozen concentrated orange-juice futures contracts  other traders follow their lead  inflating the price.
Meanwhile  Valentine and Winthorpe sell futures.
Showing  the price of orange-juice futures plummets.
The orange crop will be normal.
Valentine and Winthorpe buy back their futures.
The Dukes fail to meet a margin call  and are left owing $ 394 million.
Valentine and Winthorpe explain.
They had made a wager.
Valentine collects $.
Randolph collapses holding his chest.
Mortimer shouts angrily.
Beeks and the gorilla are loaded.
Meanwhile  the now wealthy Valentine  Winthorpe  Ophelia  and Coleman vacation.
<EOS>
She feels and considers suicide.
Fifteen-Year-Old Nik s favorite uncle passes away.
The world is about to collapse.
She overhears a portion of a conversation between her parents  causing her to believe.
Her father is having an affair.
She fears.
Her parents are going on her sixteenth birthday.
The only factor is a limerance.
Is helping to give her balance.
She harbors.
She attempts to save her parents  marriage  as well as deal with a horrible rash.
<EOS>
A Special Forces unit  known  is exposed to a biochemical weapon while on a mission in Sovetskaia  Chechnya.
The entire unit is ambushed and executed by a group of armed men in protective hazmat suits.
One member not only survives the execution  but recovers from the viral infection  and develops an abnormally rapid healing factor  increased dexterity  speed  strength  enhanced senses  mental abilities and a photographic memory.
Her eyes enlarge to take in and process information.
Her mind reorganizes.
What she has seen  such as plotting out a chess game and recognizing patterns in the type of a magazine article.
She is taken.
Where scientists are trying to learn what happened so they can create an army.
The lead scientist is Dr Graham Knight.
Who is helping to find out why she survived and changed when the others died.
She is told.
Ian Watts  her mentor  named Peter Erfan.
The virus was created.
Who has a genius IQ.
Knight passes her a note saying.
The US Army is transferring her.
They are never going to let her go.
Jane escapes.
She goes from Dr Knight  but finds.
Dr Knight is not the man who was working at the army base.
He reveals and is.
She confronts the person she knew at his hotel.
He is Captain Lucas Hensley.
He is undercover and investigating her superior officer  Col.
Ian Watts.
Hensley tells her.
Watts created Erfan and used him.
He could nt be caught.
Erfan did nt exist then.
Hensley asks Jane to help catch him.
She goes to confront Watts herself.
They are both shot.
She does so.
Some falls into his wound and mixes with his blood.
She is trying to contain the bleeding.
It is implied.
This may have allowed the colonel to recover.
She goes.
He leads her.
Hensley admits and has a vial.
He is.
He has extracted.
The assassin starts to move in.
He is talking.
She shoots him.
Erfan refers as the new Eve  and then the virus changed her.
Something altered the virus.
This is.
She survived.
The rest did not.
Erfan has been able to recreate this modified virus and already gave it.
Gets up and rips off a power box and hits Jane in the head with it.
He is talking the assassin that was shot.
The next scene Erfan has her handcuffed and is taking her away.
She breaks out.
Shots are fired.
The assassin   loses control.
Who is piloting.
This causes Erfan and Jane to fall out.
They wrestle.
The next scene sees Col.
Watts.
Where he is standing over her tombstone.
He then goes and gets on a boat.
There he meets Jane and gives her a new identity and money.
She sails off.
The final scene sees a group and meet with Lucas Hensley.
Who apparently survived the fall unharmed.
He holds a vial.
The implication is.
Erfan took the serum himself  to survive the impact with river.
He will soon be creating an army.
<EOS>
Keaton plays an American soldier.
Who escapes.
He is adrift.
His face becomes covered.
He arrives  believing.
He has landed.
He is actually.
He wanders and is promptly arrested under the mistaken belief.
He is a wanted serial killer who marries and murders women.
Keaton and another prisoner are put.
Who is planning to launch a manned rocket.
The two prisoners  along are blasted into space  but their craft lands in an isolated portion of Mexico instead.
They mistake a beekeeper wearing protective headgear.
The beekeeper believes the trio are aliens.
The prisoners and the scientist s assistant are apprehended.
The matter is quickly settled.
Keaton and his cellmate receive pardons and are free to go.
<EOS>
Inteha is the story.
Being the introverted sort and romantically inclined  she s a dreamer.
Who dotes.
This all is shattered.
When circumstances force her to marry her feudal cousin.
She finds her new home troublesome.
<EOS>
The cartoon is a.
Daffy Duck is fed up and wants to try a dramatic act instead.
He offers a script.
L.
Called The Scarlet Pumpernickel.
He wrote himself reads the script to J.
L.
The cartoon cuts away and then back to J.
L.
S office.
Each time  Daffy announces a page number.
The script has exceeded 2 thousand pages.
The clumsy Scarlet Pumpernickel must save the Fair Lady Melissa from being married to a man  the Grand Duke under the Lord High Chamberlain s orders.
She does not love.
Melissa loves Scarlet.
Her happy mood is extinguished.
When the Chamberlain orders her to Keep away.
The Chamberlain gets a brilliant plan and decides to marry Melissa for killing the Scarlet Pumpernickel.
The Scarlet Pumpernickel is drawn to interrupt the wedding.
Planned. 
He arrives disguised and uses the disguise to research and develop his plan for rescuing Melissa.
Storming the wedding ceremony  he is instantly successful.
She is walking up the aisle.
Melissa tears herself  dragging Scarlet with her.
Scarlet takes her back.
Where he was staying.
The Grand Duke stops at the inn and spots Melissa on the staircase.
He chases her and is bearing down.
When Scarlet swings in.
Notably there is a running gag.
Which Daffy compares his own daring stunts.
The Grand Duke and the Scarlet Pumpernickel engage.
No conclusive ending is given.
Who ultimately wins the battle.
Daffy   having only thought of the beginning and middle of the story  and being pressured by the enthusiastic J.
L.
Overdoes the ending  including skyrocketing food prices  to  J.
Surprisingly. 
L.
Asks  is that all.
See Censorship.
<EOS>
Pistone is assigned to infiltrate the New York City-based Bonanno crime family.
Calling himself Donnie Brasco and posing from Vero Beach  Florida  he befriends Benjamin Lefty Ruggiero  a low-level mob hit man.
Whose personal life is in tatters  and Dominick Sonny Black Napolitano  the captain.
Lefty ca nt seem to make enough money  his son is a drug addict.
He is continually passed over within the crime family.
He continually reminds Brasco to show for it.
At least  Lefty sees a young protege.
Who might be able to succeed where he failed.
He takes Donnie.
Donnie quickly becomes accepted  as an associate and is later nearly officially inducted into the mob as a made man.
The more he finds himself actually becoming Donnie Brasco.
The longer Pistone plays the role.
His long absences and change drive a wedge between Pistone and his wife and three children.
Meanwhile  the slightest mistake could result in death to him and his family.
Pistone has come to regard Lefty as a close and trusted friend.
He knows himself had killed him.
When the day finally comes that the FBI arrests his mob associates  he will be ending Lefty s life as surely as if he.
<EOS>
A scientist is flown.
When the Germans march.
Who is working.
His daughter Anna  however  is arrested and sent.
There  she is befriended.
Together  they escape.
Anna finds her father.
Dr Bomasch is working at the Dartford naval base.
He is guarded.
Marsen   has followed Anna  he.
Who is actually an undercover SS agent.
His agents soon capture her and her father  and return them to Germany on a.
Randall volunteers to try to rescue them.
They are still.
Posing major named Herzog  he gains access to Anna  telling the Germans.
They were lovers  and that this could help him persuade her to get her father to cooperate.
He contrives to accompany them with Marsen and two guards.
They meet two Englishmen  Charters and Caldicott  imminent.
Who are trying to get home.
Caldicott recognizes Randall at Balliol College  Oxford.
Randall denies knowing him.
Marsen s suspicions are aroused.
He telephones his superiors.
Who agree to investigate and call him back.
Charters  attempting to use another telephone  overhears.
The return call confirming there is no Major Herzog.
Marsen arranges to have Randall arrested.
When they arrive.
Caldicott slips a warning.
Who is thus prepared when Marsen pulls out a gun and ends the charade.
Before they reach Munich.
Charters and Caldicott overpower first the two guards  then Marsen.
Randall manages to get a car.
They make a break for neutral Switzerland.
They drive up a mountain road and  amidst a gun fight with the pursuing Germans  manage to cross the border.
<EOS>
Ajay Sharma is a very successful entrepreneur.
Who has now transformed and is seen ignoring his wife of seven years  Nirmala.
Enter Ravi Kapoor  a friend and decides to fix things by rekindling the spark in their life.
Thus starts a hilarious comedy.
<EOS>
A fifty-year war ends  with the Federation taking control of the Eurasian continent.
A resistance movement rises.
The Federation mobilizes its military.
However  the war and heavy industry have exhausted the Federation and polluted the environment.
Dr Azuma presents his discovery.
Can be converted to regenerate human tissue.
The Neo Cells are only found.
He states  but is quickly denounced.
He can develop the Neo Cells.
But Kaoru Naito.
Offers Dr Azuma sponsorship.
Azuma is persuaded.
When Naito insinuates that accepting will also help Dr Azuma cure his wife  Midori.
A photo shoot follows  commemorating Tetsuya s engagement to Luna.
They argue.
One year later  Tetsuya is deployed.
He kills civilians  and is killed.
Azuma invites Luna s father  Dr Kozuki.
They are rivals.
Azuma s cell research makes Kozuki s armor research redundant.
However   they are not usable.
Organs have been grown.
Meanwhile  Midori  now almost blind  is visited.
Shortly.
She is told.
His body is sent.
Tetsuya s ghost sees the body.
A lightning bolt strikes the facility and stimulates the Neo Cells  causing the limbs and organs to restructure.
Naito calls.
But a few escape and encounter Midori  hijack.
They. 
Azuma carries Tetsuya s body.
Tetsuya is resurrected  but his condition is unstable.
He is brought.
Kozuki puts him.
The Neo humans travel in a derelict castle.
Where they discover a robot army.
Calling themselves Neo-Sapiens  they vow revenge and reactivate the robots upon humanity.
Kozuki s residence is attacked.
Tetsuya is awakened.
He kills a female Neo-Sapien  Saguree  but can not save Kozuki.
He escapes but is confronted by a robot battalion.
Tetsuya battles the leader  Burai only to lose consciousness.
He and Luna go  but the route is contaminated.
When he comes.
Luna falls ill.
Tetsuya is found by a doctor and led to a nearby village in Zone Seven.
Where the doctor treats Luna.
It is revealed  but have been slaughtered.
The people are nt terrorists at all.
The doctor   informs Tetsuya of a local legend of a protective deity named Casshern-a deity.
Whose statue makes numerous appearances.
Tetsuya fights Barashin comes under attack by the military and.
It is here.
He first refers as Casshern.
Casshern is the victor.
Both suffer injuries.
Barashin is killed.
Fighting Barashin has caused Tetsuya to lose Luna.
Who escaped and eventually found her way to a train full of captured villagers from Zone Seven.
Here  Luna and the Neo-sapien are confronted.
Who blames the.
Luna is rescued.
The Neo-sapien is injured.
A coup detat takes place.
General Kamijo s son takes over.
Naito reveals that Neo Cells are not.
What they seem.
The Neo Cells were acquired for the purposes of prolonging General Kamijo and his cohorts  lives.
The Neo Cell culture did not in fact create the.
It simply rejoined the body parts.
Were harvested after being struck by the stone lightning bolt.
He is unable to explain.
Though Dr Azuma had been spearheading the macabre experiments.
What has happened.
The stone lightning bolt crumbles.
They talk.
Casshern appears to fall into the laboratory.
Is now.
Burai arrives and abducts Luna  Casshern and the dying Neo-sapien  leaving a now fatally wounded Naito  Dr Azuma and General Kamijo s son alone.
Burai gives his reasons.
Casshern finds his mother  but she s apparently dead.
Burai launches a giant machine.
Appears to be set.
Casshern uses all his strength to stop the machine.
It still detonates  albeit away.
The General s son kills Burai with a grenade after revealing.
He was human all along.
It is learned.
Tetsuya   slaughtered Burai s family.
Casshern stops his father  so Dr Azuma retaliates by shooting Luna in the head.
Luna is revived.
After Casshern kills his father.
The souls come onto Casshern.
He and Luna embrace each other.
Luna rips into space.
It ends.
The screen alternates.
The film ends.
<EOS>
Silvia  a beautiful girl  prepares omelettes.
Silvia reveals to Jose  expecting him to react negatively.
She is pregnant.
However   Jose Luis expresses his love for her and desire.
Her to go through.
He romantically picks up the ring and tells her they will get married.
He finds and places it on her finger.
Silvia cherishes it and all.
It symbolises.
Jose Luis has a difficult time explaining and intends to marry her.
He is.
His mother  Conchita  does not approve.
She takes matters.
When her husband refuses to help her.
She hires Raul  an underwear model  to seduce Silvia  hoping.
Who works.
This will destroy the relationship and prevent the marriage.
She remains committed to marry Jose Luis.
Raul however  becomes genuinely infatuated.
Conchita s lust leads her to offer him anything he wants if only he has sex with her.
Raul s choice is a Yamaha FZR600 motorbike.
He becomes her lover.
Meanwhile  Jose Luis s inability to come.
Whether to marry Silvia.
She wants a real man  one who has gumption.
She begins to take interest.
Conchita does not approve.
Either because she wants Raul.
Silvia   starts responding to Raul s advances.
This enrages Jose Luis.
Who rapes Silvia and swears to kill Raul.
The film ends to the death between Jose and Raul.
Jose Luis catches Raul having sex and engages in duel with legs of ham for weapons.
Jose Luis is eventually killed.
Silvia and Jose Luis s father arrive.
As the couple grieve.
The films ends.
Reiterates the recurring themes.
<EOS>
Dan OFarrell was is a brilliant Broadway theater playwright  actor  and producer.
Who has left the business.
Barry Keith-Trimble were preparing by getting drunk.
When he was younger  he and his partner.
They were so intoxicated.
When it was time to perform.
They ended up brawling and fell into the orchestra pit.
The two left the theater and continued drinking.
They learn that they have been suspended.
OFarrell learns.
His wife  actress Alyce Martelle  is pregenant and has left him.
Despondent  he in left the business and went.
Years later  his daughter Marie locates him and inspires him to return.
He decides to restage Laughter.
Hoping to make a glorious return.
Would be a hit.
<EOS>
Tom wakes up stretches.
His foot then gets Jerry to fetch him a glass then when Jerry returns he wants him to massage his shoulders.
However  a cute kitten is delivered.
The owner instantly falls.
Does Jerry.
However  selfish Tom takes an instant disliking.
Who does nt want to share what he has.
Tom tries to throw the kitten out  but Jerry comes to the rescue.
When the owner leaves the house.
Tom finds himself locked out instead.
Tom manages to catch Jerry s attention and threatens to hurt him and his friend.
He continues to ignore him.
Jerry antagonizes him.
This pushes Tom.
He makes several failed attempts to get back.
He finally ends up stuck.
Tom tries holding back the pain.
He starts sobbing.
He surrenders and is then forced to act.
The kitten sips milk receives a shoulder massage from Tom.
<EOS>
Serra Pelada  men from Serra Pelada are seen carrying bags of dirt up to a destination.
Various shots outside of Serra Pelada are shown.
A few men are carrying another man.
Who was struck.
Several discordant layered exposures of the dirt carriers are shown.
The scene cross fades to show the image  with multiple exposures of the same head rapidly rotating and layered upon to give a manifold appearance.
This is an apparent allusion.
The film s title is shown in red.
The sun rises up above an African village.
Later  a man raises a sail.
The next chapter  That Place  starts zooming out.
Children can be heard laughing.
Villages are shown.
Anthem  Part 2 has various shots.
Mosque and Temple shows various natural shots as well as religious scenes.
Some are a transparent inside a church with someone walking by  a black man praying  a monk sitting  the same monk walking by the river  a bird flying by a sunset  more children  crows flying above a river  two men rowing their boat in that river  a woman praying in the Ganges River  two men doing yoga  another monk  and a temple in Nepal.
A bird flies off his stick.
<EOS>
Twenty years ago  a fire broke out.
Strange incidents started occurring.
The headmaster hanged himself.
A student committed suicide.
A silhouette  like a shadow  appeared on a wall near the staircase.
It can not be erased.
An unreasonable regulation is strongly enforced in the school  as well as a curfew.
Forbids students.
States that students are not allowed to leave their dormitories at night.
She will hear a mysterious female voice coming  calling her to enter the school office.
Whenever a student breaks a school rule or wanders out.
The student is never seen again.
She passes into that seemingly non-existent school office.
Each time someone goes missing  a new shadow will appear.
Under the new education policy  the school accepts four boys as students.
The boys are confined.
The school aims to minimise interaction.
However  the students still defy the rules and throw a secret party   love begins to blossom among the youngsters.
Which. 
Unknown  their romance has already revived the curse within their school.
Dick and Sze disappear.
Charlie and Kei die respectively.
The surviving students seek answers.
Who tells them that the strict school rules were actually set.
The dean treated students harshly and punished offenders harshly.
The headmaster never interfered.
One night  the dean was caught having an affair.
Who locked her.
The dean s spirit began haunting the school.
She continued to enforce her rules.
Keung  Yat-man  Ben and Siu-fong work together to search and destroy it once more.
That is the only way to break the dean s evil curse.
<EOS>
The film picks up.
Where A Distant Thunder left off.
Patty Myers is faced to either accept the mark of the beast or lose her head.
The soldiers strap her.
Then flee due.
Left alone  Patty first screams  then.
She wants the mark  only to die anyway as the earthquake causes the blade to fall.
Nearby  a woman named.
Kathy and David Michaels have just escaped a government detention center.
Another woman named Leslie.
The group evades the soldiers.
Kathy  David  and Billy become separated.
When a UNITE soldier shoots her.
David leaves her lying.
She appears to be dead.
The trio eventually meets up.
Matthew Turner.
Rev.
Turner s church has been forced to close.
He is living underground.
Kathy and David attempt to use their knowledge to create a fake mark of the beast  David rationalizes this by saying.
Will allow them to move about freely.
They are not taking the real mark.
Rev.
Turner disagrees and does not use the fake mark himself  but remains.
Where he has been living off the land.
Kathy also finds the mark morally questionable.
David convinces her.
They have no choice.
The fake mark allows Kathy and David to move about freely.
Where guards are checking people to make sure they have the mark.
The plan falls through.
When they attempt to use it to buy groceries.
Meanwhile  the Bible prophecies.
Explained. 
Turner  begin coming to pass.
A new world leader is installed.
Who speaks through a computer-generated image broadcast on television.
Earthquakes  wildfires  and a nuclear war occur.
Eventually  David reunites.
They are set up  of all people  Sandy.
Initially frustrated  Kathy eventually realizes.
The barcode system itself is the source code.
Unfortunately  Kathy is discovered.
Who tries to arrest her.
Dianne is crushed by a giant locust.
She is stung.
Kathy flees.
We do not know.
What becomes after that  though David later implied that she died.
Turner is also stung.
Billy is arrested  and locked up  then Leslie leads him to Christ.
She is sent to be executed.
The guards want David to convince Billy to take the mark.
He instead tells Billy to close his eyes and put his faith.
Billy tells David that Leslie led him.
Both David and Billy are then faced.
<EOS>
The film opens.
It seems.
Jack is the more gifted twin.
The film then goes.
Jack is incredibly irritated.
He has to pick her up.
Jack s patience is soon stretched increasingly thin.
Jill s neediness and passive-aggressiveness is maddening  turning his normally tranquil life upside down.
Jill starts ruining Thanksgiving dinner  and then runs away into the woods near the house with her pet Cockatoo.
Jill says  she wants to be  go horseback riding  and do a studio tour.
She has a list.
She tells them.
She has an open-ended ticket.
Jill decides to stay.
Meanwhile  Jack s client wants him to get Al Pacino to appear.
Jill tries  but does nt get much of a response.
Jack poses and alters her profile  leading her to get over 100 responses.
However  he runs away and hides.
When her date  Funbucket  meets her.
Feeling guilty  Jack takes her.
Where Al Pacino is supposed to be.
Pacino develops a crush.
He gives her his phone number.
Jack hopes.
Jill would leave.
His family are going.
All throw him a birthday party and extend it to Jill as well  having never known.
He even had a sister.
Later  Pacino takes Jill and lets her pick out a cake.
The next day  Jill is leaving.
Jack s gardener  Felipe  takes her.
Jack does nt want Jill to be alone.
He invites her.
She wo nt go.
Pacino and Jack strike a deal.
Which Pacino will do the commercial if he gets a date.
Jack disguises himself and goes on the date with Pacino.
He realizes.
Jack learns how much Pacino cares.
He loves his sister.
Races back.
Once there  however  he learns.
Jill has gone back home.
Jill goes.
Jack and the family show up and celebrate.
They see an old high school classmate  Monica.
Who attacks Jack s wife  but is stopped.
Afterwards  they go.
Felipe has decorated to declare his love.
She is overjoyed.
Someone loves her  and embraces him.
Pacino also shows up to declare his love  but steps.
Once he sees that Jill is happy.
The film ends.
Pacino stars in  promoting a new coffee Dunkaccino.
Pacino hates the commercial and tells Jack to destroy every copy and threaten everyone.
Who has seen it.
<EOS>
Vichu  Varadhu  Vaithi and Govind are four friends.
They earn their livelihood doing Kathakalakshepam.
They want to become rich and famous.
They come.
Who advises them to meet a Swamiji who  she tells them  would help them to become rich overnight.
The Swamiji agrees to help them -- they should retrieve a holy necklace from Rakshasas.
Who live.
The four friends set out.
Where they meet a colorful character.
Lured  the four friends estrange.
Forms the crux.
What happens then.
<EOS>
A group grow bored with their humdrum lives.
They spring.
When Lilly the maid one day gives and steals a brand new mink coat from their neighbours to replace Dame Beatrice s worn-out one.
They hatch a plan to put back the coat.
Lilly had a prison record as a young delinquent.
Its owners realise it has gone.
They manage to safely return the mink without raising suspicions  thanks to a plan drawn up by the retired Major Rayne.
The four get such a buzz from the operation.
They decide to set up a more permanent occupation stealing  rather than returning  mink coats and giving the proceeds.
Their first attempt to rob a boutique goes partially wrong.
They still manage to get away.
They find it more difficult to dispose.
They have the mink.
The Major goes but instead finds.
Where he has been reliably told he can find a fence.
It is now run.
All the while they keep their activities.
Who is now dating a policeman.
Eventually Dame Beatrice is able to locate a respectable fence  only to find it is run by her nephew.
He agrees to pay her #.
She promises to provide many more coats.
The money is used to save an orphanage.
Her gang then go  stealing numerous minks from boutiques and storerooms and becoming widely-known due to reports in the newspapers.
Increases. 
Their notoriety grows the chance.
They have some narrow escapes.
Them swear.
When Lilly one day discovers what they are doing she is horrified and makes.
They ll stop.
However  they decide to pull.
When a request comes from a children s home.
The Major plans a raid.
The rest dress up as police officers and stage a raid of the premises planning to make away with all the fur coats in the cloakroom.
Dame Beatrice disguises herself.
Their plan goes asunder.
When a real police raid is launched.
They manage to make their escape.
Expecting to be arrested  they are alarmed.
When an Inspector Pape turns up.
They manage to convince him.
They are a group.
It turns out.
He had come.
Lilly forces them again to promise.
He is gone.
They will stop stealing minks.
However   Dame Beatrice explains.
She is gone.
While they can no long steal minks  they said nothing.
The final scene shows.
Them dressed proceeding in the direction of the Crown Jewels.
<EOS>
The director shows us a way into the peculiar universe of Toroddur.
The otherwise not very talkative artist gives us a glimpse.
<EOS>
Episodes have made travel to the region both hazardous and difficult in the years since Turnbull s departure.
Soling s crew encountered both friendly tribesman and armed militia  eventually reaching the Ik after many experiences.
<EOS>
The great Buddha gave the eminent Jade Emperor the task.
However  mortal human beings did not have an awareness.
Spelt calamity.
To avert this  the Jade Emperor gave a celestial order  Let it be known.
I  the Imperial Jade Emperor  shall appoint 12 animals to ascend.
These 12 species shall represent a cycle of 12 years with each animal representing a year.
Any humans born shall bear that animal s mark and his strength.
This representation shall be known.
But  the thousand year old tree spirit  determined to thwart the plans of her long-time enemy  the Jade Emperor  sets forth to prevent the success of the Race by impeding the 12 chosen ones.
<EOS>
A hippie-hating farmer gets turned.
Woodstock has ended.
When he gets a massive jolt.
The family doctor bandages him up and recommends lots.
He transforms into a snarling hairy horror.
A small amateur hippie band shows up  intending to record an album on the stage  and quickly begin to have run-ins with not only the local police  but also the hippie-hating werewolf.
Where famous rock icons had performed.
First  their dog is attacked and killed.
Later the young girl is kidnapped  and locked away in an abandoned building.
The farmer keeps transforming.
Nobody realizes.
What s going on until one night he transforms.
Two big city detectives sent to monitor the goings-on have already figured out  and then confusing it long enough to tranquilize it and capture it.
A werewolf is involved  and now that they know who the werewolf is they form a plan of attack which involves luring the creature out into the open with the one the thing it hates most  rock music.
The plan fails.
The werewolf runs back  grabs the girl and escapes with her in a dune buggy.
A chase follows.
The werewolf ends up.
Where the young male detective chases him up the metalwork.
His female partner arrives.
The sheriff shoots from the ground.
The werewolf attempts to kill the detective.
The werewolf falls.
<EOS>
The protagonist could easily be termed as a ` pro-love - gonist.
Well  to begin the fun  have you ever heard.
To get things rolling  Ajay comes.
A young man  A lover -.
Lost. 
Ajay s unplanned surprise meeting.
And seeking his help leads.
The plot  Ajay loves Sia  the twin sister.
Both are exact look-alikes of each other.
But that s not.
Where the problem and the fun ends.
The twist is Govinda.
The saviour does not know this.
And that s.
Where begins a whole roller - coaster ride with more lovely-dovey characters joining in the fray.
Will Ajay get his lady-love.
<EOS>
Pete and Donna Stanhope are a young married couple living.
A.
Who are trying to conceive a child.
Their marriage begins to crumble.
When they discover they are unable to have children due.
They decide to go due to car troubles.
They meet the charming young boy Pepillo   Pepillo s adult brother Juan  the village mechanic  Magdalena  Juan s fiance   and Father Arturo  the village priest.
Who was crippled before that also killed his parents.
Who also takes care.
Who is helping prepare the flying machine.
Juan tries to fix the car.
The parts are slow to arrive.
He must order.
Pete helps.
Father Arturo prepare.
The main event involves a rickety old lever and pulley system.
Wherein one lucky village child can fly.
The source dates to the village s local saint.
Who was said to have come and have been befriended by a young crippled boy when no one else would speak to him.
The saint turned the boy into a dove.
Who flew around the plaza square three times  and then turned him back.
The boy was miraculously cured.
It is Pepillo s turn this year to fly.
He confides.
The saint will also cure him.
Trouble ensues.
When the flying machine breaks.
Pete comes through and builds a new safer machine.
He even sacrifices the car part.
Had finally arrived so that a crucial central axis part will work.
Pepillo gets his chance to fly.
Pete and Donna worry.
Disappointed Pepillo will be when he is not cured.
They agree to use their fertility treatment money to pay instead.
However  Pepillo urges Father Arturo and a local villager to make the flying machine go faster and higher  straining it beyond its capabilities.
Pepillo crashes and hits his hip on the statue of the saint.
His leg is miraculously cured.
When he comes.
Pete and Donna vow.
They have just witnessed a miracle -- and promise to still bring Pepillo.
S.
To make sure his miracle stays a miracle.
Pete and Donna have decided to adopt a child and are filling out paperwork.
Knowing Pepillo has changed him.
Initially Pete did not think that he could love another child.
However  Donna experiences heartburn and takes one last pregnancy test and finds out that.
She is pregnant.
<EOS>
Kiran is a Cop.
His beautiful and alluring wife Manjari is a reputed actress.
Misunderstanding creeps.
They do not live together.
Their only son Raju is living.
Rajus only friends is Narayan.
Both go together.
A group plan to kill Dr Hameed Ali.
Who is a well known Nuclear scientist.
Accidentally  a thief comes to know the murder plans.
Is also shocking involvement of the Police Commissioner.
The thief makes a video recording.
He gets caught.
He is shot and wounded.
Trips and falls down.
The gang manage to follow him.
Yet the thief manages to escape.
He meets Raju & Narayan.
Who are to an isolated temple near the hill side.
A bewildered Raju and Narayan do not know.
What to do.
But the clever and shrewd Raju tells Narayan and will not reveal anything about the indiscriminating tape.
They will remain quiet.
But Raju comes.
They are chasing him.
The cause is.
Raju has seen the death.
The task is given to Kiran  the dad of Raju.
Who takes complete precaution.
Dr Hameed has now called the delegation and in this meeting enters Mr X.
Who is the master planner.
A bomb is planted by Mr X.
Where Dr Hameed Ali is about to preside.
Is Kiran Successful.
<EOS>
Two groups find themselves stranded at an isolated campground.
The second group arrives.
When the first group is slaughtered overnight.
Relentless terror begins.
Campers are transformed that stalk  chase and eat their own friends.
<EOS>
Housemates Mickey and Donald are six months behind.
A sheriff arrives  played  and serves them a Notice to Dispossess authorizing him not only to evict them  but to sell off their belongings as collateral.
They worriedly pace the floor.
He menacingly strikes a match and leaves.
Donald and Mickey decide to move.
Pete is.
Pete can take their belongings.
Soon  Goofy  employed  arrives with a delivery.
Mickey and Donald enlist his help and the use.
Goofy tries to load an upright piano.
Mickey struggles.
The piano keeps rolling out.
When he leaves it unattended.
Goofy eventually discovers the piano to have a mind.
Meanwhile  Donald.
He sees.
Was attached.
Seeing the leaking gas  he casually plugs it  but the pressure in the line shoots the plunger out.
It sticks.
He struggles to remove the plunger  but soon finds himself grappling instead.
He gets his bill stuck.
As Donald is able to free himself.
His body fills.
He shoots off the pipe and flies.
Outside  Pete hears the commotion  comes inside  and orders.
Them to leave immediately.
Unaware leak  he again strikes a match on Donald s bill to light another cigar.
The catastrophic explosion destroys the house  yet miraculously seems to throw most into the back of Goofy s truck.
Follows. 
Pete  sitting  yells after them from a second story bathtub  but accidentally turns on the shower head drenching himself in hot water.
They are driving away.
The same toilet plunger.
Donald laughs.
<EOS>
A church is burning.
Firefighters rescues several people.
But left is Eva  a blonde girl dressed as the Saint Lucia.
One returns to the church to save her.
They unite.
The ending credits starts rolling.
The credits are done you hear Adam ask  Is it.
Four years later  Adam is sitting thinking.
The relationship is routine.
Everything is predictable.
Eva wants a baby and buy a house.
Adam is not willing to take responsibility.
He is afraid.
Adam and Eva celebrates midsummer.
A lot have their kids with them.
Ake starts singing songs.
Sven stops him  whereupon ake goes away to sit down and talk with Eva.
Adam meets Sven s and his wife Kicki s young nanny Jackie.
Adam tells his friend Tove.
He collided  and that they spent a day together when Eva was out of town on a job in Copenhagen.
The naive Jackie wants to be a writer and tries to act mature.
The age difference becomes apparent.
The two makes out.
Adam is out and take to the hunt for new ones.
Adam and Eva is looking to buy.
The broker takes a call and dies unexpectedly.
Adam begins to reflect.
He runs back with newly purchased condoms.
Eva tells Adam.
She turned down a job for his sake.
Adam convinces her to go.
That way he can meet Jackie more.
Adam is going on Gotland.
Eva s dad gives Adam the confidence to be Santa Claus.
Adam calls and complains.
Eve intercepts the call.
Eva reveals.
When Adam comes in.
He has a mistress.
Adam  returning home with a pork lip  goes back to Jackie.
There is already another male friend.
Adam spends the night.
Later he moves in.
She organizes a New Year s party  Adam learn.
Eva has found a new guy  ake  and that they are together.
Adam tries to kill himself.
All the rockets explode.
Adam goes with a burn blister on his finger.
Later   the female doctor wo nt give Adam any more pain killers but tells him to move on and leave to have fun.
When Adam returns.
Adam takes the doctor to Copenhagen to try to have fun.
He calls Eva and they meet.
Eva wants to talk and get Adam to sign the divorce papers.
Adam is dressed up and want to take her out.
Adam put up an act  but signs the paper finally.
He runs  I love you.
Sad  he travels home.
Adam s friends  relatives and colleagues talking.
Adam behaved.
He worked all the time  bought new clothes and picked up babes.
Meet Adam and Eva by a coincident.
She offers him a free ticket.
Adam and Tove goes.
After the show is a party.
Adam follows Eva home.
She and ake has moved.
Adam and Eva looked at before.
Eva and Adam is about to kiss each other.
When the door goes up.
Tove and ake enter.
Eva says.
She is going to marry ake.
They once again meet on Eva s bachelorette party and wakes up.
Eva and ake begins to discuss the wedding.
Eva begins to say.
She s feeling doubtful.
But they later marry anyway.
Later  Adam sees Eva.
Eva is pregnant.
Adam tells her.
Tove is also pregnant.
He and Tove have always been friends.
They have never been.
They went and really made an effort to get to it without success.
Tove felled in love with a steward.
Who she is now living.
Eva says.
It only lasted with ake.
It began  then the relationship became worse and worse.
When she became pregnant.
She came at him with another.
Ake still living.
Adam and Eva is walking together.
Adam looks back and can not recall.
They ever had the bad together.
They kiss.
Adam and Eve are sitting.
Adam says  He is.
<EOS>
The plot centers.
Who returns home to find a voicemail.
Sofia is initially depressed  but decides to remix the.
That it sounds.
Sofia then tells the.
She will not take Miguel back.
<EOS>
Keshav Vaze is an eminent businessman.
Who has grown.
He is separated due to an earthquake.
Which he loses his family & is left to take care.
Shama is bearing a child into a state of shock and dismay.
When he does not return.
She is dead.
When Keshav returns he does not find Shama where he left her and assumes.
A glimpse of Shama strikes him of.
He and his yesteryear soulmate have walked.
<EOS>
Jungle Jim battles evil ivory poachers  mutant giants  stock footage  and cheap sets.
<EOS>
General Maximus Decimus Meridius leads the Roman army to a decisive victory against Germanic tribes at Vindobona  ending a long war on the Roman frontier and earning the esteem of the elderly Emperor Marcus Aurelius.
The dying emperor wishes to grant temporary leadership  hoping eventually to return power to the Roman Senate.
He has a son  Commodus.
Commodus  already bitter  murders his father and claims the throne.
When his father tells him.
Marcus favors Maximus.
Maximus realizes the truth  but is betrayed by his friend  General Quintus.
Who reluctantly instructs the Praetorian guards to carry out Commodus  order to execute Maximus and his wife and son.
Maximus manages to escape  but is unable to return to save his family.
Maximus is found unconscious by slave traders and taken to Zucchabar  a Roman city in North Africa.
There  he is bought  and forced to fight for his life as a gladiator in arena tournaments.
He befriends gladiators Juba  and Hagen.
Juba tells Maximus to have faith.
He will be reunited.
Maximus proves a fierce gladiator   he is fearless in the arena.
He ultimately reaches the prestigious Roman Colosseum.
Where his group is contracted to fight to the Battle of Zama.
Concealing his identity  he skillfully leads a band of gladiators to defeat an opposing chariot and archer force  earning the crowd s praise.
Forced to reveal himself in the arena afterward  the crowd votes to spare his life.
Commodus  being obsessed  appeases them by doing so.
Maximus later wins Tigris  as well as tigers released into the arena  yet refuses to obey Commodus  command to perform the coup de grace.
He is declared Maximus the Merciful by the crowd  increasing his popularity and further frustrating Commodus.
Who can not kill Maximus.
Maximus is told by his former servant Cicero.
His army is still loyal.
Maximus then conspires.
The senator Gracchus to rejoin and topple Commodus by force.
Commodus  however  suspects his sister and forces her to reveal the plot using veiled threats against her young son Lucius.
Commodus  guards attack Proximo s gladiator school  killing Hagen and Proximo.
Juba and the survivors are imprisoned.
Maximus makes it.
Where he is captured.
Desperate to get Maximus out and prove his own greatness  Commodus arranges a duel with him in the arena.
Unknown  Commodus stabs a restrained Maximus with a stiletto to gain advantage over him.
They enter the arena.
Maximus manages to disarm Commodus.
Quintus disobeys the emperor s demand and commands his soldiers to do the same.
Commodus then produces the hidden stiletto.
Maximus plunges the blade  killing him.
Maximus carries out Marcus Aurelius  wishes  calling for Gracchus to be reinstated  the slaves to be freed  and power to be restored to the Senate.
Maximus reunites.
He dies.
Lucilla then reiterates his wishes and honors his memory.
Some time later  Juba buries Maximus  two small figurines in the ground  but not yet.
Where his friend Maximus died  promising to see him.
<EOS>
A quiet teenage boy  Hai Ge  ventures to West China at the edge of the Gobi Desert to claim his bride  betrothed to him since birth.
His father has just died.
The lad makes his way to keep its townsfolk safe.
He meets Desert Eagle  a fighter.
Who allegedly robs the rich to feed the poor.
Desert Eagle invites him to look him up he encounters any trouble.
Hai Ge manages to find young Hao Mei  his betrothed  and her father.
Who is lame and who runs a restaurant in the town.
Mei feels disgusted by the dirty  unkempt boy  but gradually succumbs to his unruly charms.
It appears also - he keeps the long daggers.
Hai Ge has inherited martial arts skills.
Once made his late father a consummate pugilist.
One day  a group appear in the restaurant and one attempts rape on Hao Mei.
Hai Ge intervenes.
Skills manages to kill the assailant.
The dead man is none.
Hao Mei s father tries to let the two run off.
The townfolks insist.
Hai Ge be handed over to prevent a town bloodbath.
To fight Lethal Swordsman  Hai Ge goes to find Desert Eagle.
Who promises he will be there to slay the bandit.
He promises to turn up.
When the bandits appear.
Lethal Swordsman and his gang of bandits ride to Double Flag Town in the heat of noon.
Heading  the chief slays everyone in his way attempting to block his revenge mission  including Hao Mei s father.
Lethal Swordsman faces off.
Who realizes he has been tricked.
The two has a swift showdown.
Lethal Swordsman makes off  impressed.
Blood trickles down Hai Ge s head.
He suddenly realizes.
He moves away slowly.
He is fatally wounded.
Desert Eagle appears and claims his spoil - Lethal Swordsman s sword.
Hai Ge walks away gingerly  stating that Desert Eagle has betrayed him.
The closing shot shows the silhouettes.
<EOS>
A massive meteor shower destroys the Space Shuttle Atlantis and bombards New York City  the East Coast  and Finland.
NASA discovers.
A Texas-sized asteroid will collide in 18 days  creating another extinction event.
The asteroid is unofficially named Dottie.
Who initially discovered it.
NASA scientists  led plan to bury a nuclear device deep inside the asteroid apart so.
That  when detonated  will split the asteroid  driving them.
They both fly safely.
NASA contacts Harry Stamper  considered the best deep-sea oil driller  for assistance and advice.
Harry returns to keep her away from her new boyfriend  one of Harry s young and rambunctious drillers  A.
J.
Frost.
Harry and Grace learn.
About the asteroid and Harry explains he will need his team.
J.
To carry out the mission.
The situation is explained  they agree.
To help  but only after their list are met.
Harry and his team re-outfit the mobile drillers  named the Armadillos.
NASA puts Harry and his crew.
Will be used.
NASA is forced to reveal its plans and launches two military space shuttles  named Freedom and Independence.
When a large fragment wipes out Shanghai.
Once  the shuttles dock with the Russian space station Mir manned by Lev Andropov to refuel.
A fire breaks out.
Is evacuated just before it explodes.
J.
Making a narrow escape.
The shuttles slingshot.
Order to land.
Traveling Independences hull is punctured and crashes onto the rock.
Grace  watching  is distraught by A.
J.
S apparent death.
Freedom lands safely  but misses the target area  so the team must now drill through an area of compressed iron ferrite rather than the planned softer stone.
Communications are about to fail  the military initiates Secondary Protocol  the nuclear weapon on the asteroid s surface.
Apparently will not have any effect.
Harry persuades the shuttle commander to disarm the bomb.
Truman delays the military.
They can complete the drilling.
Distracted.
Who is having a mental breakdown.
When it strikes a gas pocket and is blown.
World panic ensues.
The mission is assumed lost  just as another meteorite destroys Paris.
Suddenly  A.
J.
Lev  and Bear  having survived the Independence crash  arrive to complete the drilling.
It heats up  causing a dangerous rock storm.
The asteroid approaches the Earth.
Damages the bomb s remote trigger.
They realize.
Someone must stay behind to detonate it manually.
They draw straws  and A.
J.
Is selected.
Harry rips.
He and Harry exit the airlock.
J.
S air hose and shoves him back inside  telling him.
He would be proud to have him marry Grace.
Harry prepares to detonate the bomb and contacts Grace to say his last goodbyes.
Harry pushes the button at the last minute.
His life passes.
The asteroid is destroyed.
It breaks.
Both halves fly.
Freedom lands  and the surviving crew are treated.
The film ends.
J.
And Grace s wedding  complete members present in memoriam.
<EOS>
Danielle Daisy Brookes is an orphan and her boyfriend to pursue her college degree.
Who leaves her ranch.
She is tapped.
The leader wants an internship that Daisy is in line for.
Later  she finds out.
They have a killing history that has been covered up.
The girls attempt to make Daisy one fully.
What will happen.
<EOS>
Tom chases Jerry.
They run.
The dogs angrily expel Tom and the cat hides.
Jerry  however  is sitting.
He taunts Tom.
Tom notices a fake dog.
Realizing  Tom sneaks off and steals the head.
He must disguise himself in order to reach Jerry.
He now walks and crawls.
He reaches a lamppost.
He puts the head.
If dogs see him  they ll think it s a dog  and peeks.
Seeing  Tom sneaks in  but loses the head in the process.
It s all clear.
He attempts to pull it.
When Spike notices him.
Tom puts himself back and barks.
Convinced  Spike walks away.
The dog is new.
Tom successfully frees the head and runs to keep a lookout.
Jerry sneaks up and imitates barking.
Tom is startled out and has dug through some of the wall.
When he figures.
Jerry continues imitating a dog and then runs away.
Tom chases and looks under various dogs to find the mouse  and then spots him in a.
Tom bolts.
Convinced  Tom grabs it and is met.
The end nearby is Jerry in disguise.
Tom causes Spike to swallow his bone and flees to underneath a St.
Spike chomps down.
Bernard.
The big dog goes to sleep.
Tom pops out.
Tom digs back.
Bernard  waking it up.
Tom is hanging without the dog head.
He s doomed.
Anyone notices him.
Fortunately  the St.
Bernard notices nothing.
Tom then attaches the head and pops out again  waking the dog again.
The St.
Bernard sees.
Tom sans head.
Tom switches ends and leaves.
Tom hides to keep lookout  but soon notices.
Jerry is doing the same.
He breaks open the barrel and chases Jerry.
Jerry taunts him and gets Tom to dive in too.
This wakes up the dog.
He shakes both cat and mouse out.
Jerry holds back  trips Tom  and gains the dog head.
The chase resumes.
Spike comes and briefly sees Tom s real head.
Tom hides it fast.
Jerry leaves and Tom  apparently at all  waves and follows after him.
Thinking  Spike emits a terrified shriek.
He s seen a headless dog.
Tom waddles  but fails to spot the pole in his way.
He bumps  returning to normal.
Seeing dog ears  Tom grabs them and is met with an angry yellow dog.
Tom ties up his mouth and panickedly runs away.
Tom sees Jerry/head follow the path close and prepares to seize him  unfortunately  Spike is also coming around the corner.
Tom grabs Spike and tries to fit him.
Tom realizes and sees the dog chomping.
When he ca nt move.
Something is up.
Tom hides and soon spots.
Though  is a long Dachshund dog akin to a train stop.
The dog apparently has two heads.
Jerry reveals himself and sticks his tongue out to run into the dog s house.
Jerry dashes off.
Tom traps him  but soon realizes.
S his means and sticks it over his head.
As Spike arrives.
Jerry raises the head and turns the head to expose Tom  whereupon Tom covers all of himself with the head and waddles off.
Spike lifts the head himself.
Tom lifts the head and whacks himself  but only causes a bump on his head.
Tom can no longer hide himself.
When Spike comes around  and finally sees.
Jerry holds up a note stating YES STUPID.
IT S A CAT.
Spike lets out an angry massive buffalo roar.
The jig is up.
Tom panics and digs a hole.
Spike digs him up.
The chase wakes up all the other dogs.
Who join the chase themselves  as they are now.
Tom is chased  with all the dogs barking at him.
Then Jerry   starts barking  but stop barking.
Who has donned the dog head.
They now hear Jerry barking.
He loses the head  but jumps down  retrieves it and continues barking.
The cartoon ends.
<EOS>
Ramulamma  the main protagoist  is raped.
When she is young.
She rebels and kills him taking the help of Komranna.
<EOS>
A revolutionary new psychotherapy treatment called.
Dream therapy has been invented.
A device called.
The DC Mini allows the user to view people s dreams.
The head begins using the machine illegally to help psychiatric patients outside the research facility  using her alter-ego Paprika  a persona.
She assumes.
The movie opens.
Who is plagued.
This type is not officially sanctioned  so Doctor Atsuko Chiba and her associates must be cautious.
Word does not leak out.
Her closest ally is Doctor Kosaku Tokita  a child-at-heart genius and the inventor.
Unfortunately   three are stolen.
The government can pass a law authorizing the use.
The DC Minis can allow anyone to enter another person s dreams  giving the culprit an opportunity to get away with all sorts of malicious deeds.
Almost immediately  the chief goes on a nonsensical tirade and jumps through a window  nearly killing himself.
Tokita recognizes his assistant  Kei Himuro.
Seems to confirm their suspicion that the theft was an inside job.
The Chairman   bans the use of the device completely.
Two other scientists fall victim.
Who was.
This fails to hinder the crazed parade.
Manages to claim Tokita  who was  and intrude into Konakawa s dream.
Paprika and Shima take matters  and find.
Himuro is only an empty shell.
Tracing the roots  Paprika confronts the Chairman   guarding this last haven.
Controlled him.
Who claims that he is the protector of the dreamworld.
He is aided.
Who agreed to give the Chairman his body and become the Chairman s lackey as long as he retains equal powers.
Paprika is eventually captured after an exhausting chase.
Paprika wakes.
There  Osanai admits his love  and literally peels away Paprika s skin to reveal Chiba underneath.
However  he is interrupted.
Who demands that they finish off Chiba.
The two share Osanai s body.
They argue.
Konakawa enters the dream  and flees with Chiba back into his.
Osanai gives chase  causing Konakawa to realize.
His recurring nightmare and anxiety result that he never finished the film he was making with a now deceased friend.
He decides to finish the film and take control by shooting Osanai.
The act actually kills Osanai s physical body.
Dreams and reality have now merged.
The dream parade is running amok.
Itself is starting to unravel.
Shima is nearly killed  but is saved by Paprika.
Who has become an entity separate.
Amidst the chaos  Tokita   eats Chiba and prepares to do the same for Paprika.
The Chairman also returns  reveals his twisted dreams of omnipotence  and threatens to darken the world with his delusions.
A ghostly apparition appears and reveals and has simply been repressing these emotions.
She has been in love with Tokita this whole time.
She comes  reconciles herself with that part of her.
Is Paprika.
Paprika returns  throwing herself into his body.
A baby emerges and sucks in the wind  aging himself  becoming a fully-grown combination of Chiba and Paprika.
She sucks up the Chairman.
She is able to consume the Chairman s dream form and end the nightmare.
He created.
Chiba sits at Tokita s bedside.
He wakes up.
Konakawa and Shima leave.
The two puts her hand in Tokita s.
Shima asks.
Konakawa and Shima walk down the street.
Konakawa ever figured out the meaning.
Konakawa  turning and seeing the figure of his film friend  realizes.
He became the character from their original film  the cop.
Konakawa visits Paprika s website and receives a message  Atsuko will change her surname to Tokita.
I suggest watching the movie Dreaming Kids.
The film ends.
Konakawa purchases a ticket.
<EOS>
A barber  Buzz Curtis  and a porter  Abercrombie  work.
It is.
They are sent office to administer a haircut and shine.
They run into a former co-worker  Claire Warren.
Who is about to star.
Her co-star Gregory LeMaise   arrives and invites her to join him at lunch.
Whose fame is dwindling.
She declines.
Angers him.
Buzz and Abercrombie witness LeMaise enter and declare.
He can not work.
Royce   audition fires LeMaise and offers the job.
Who has just seen a young singer  Jeff Parker.
This causes LeMaise to change his mind.
Royce does as well  giving LeMaise his job back.
Buzz and Abercrombie quickly switch careers and become Parker s agents  and then head to find a role for Parker.
It is.
When they meet up.
They just crashed their car at the studio gate.
Kavanaugh bans them.
They manage to sneak back.
Once inside they find themselves.
Buzz gets dressed as a tramp.
They use.
Their new found disguises to roam the lot.
Later  Buzz and Abercrombie try to help Parker get the role.
Their plan is to photograph him hitting Abercrombie and then having him arrested.
The plan goes off.
Abercombie falls overboard and is feared drowned.
LeMaise decides to hide.
Parker is giving the role.
LeMaise eventually discovers.
Abercrombie is still alive and chases him.
LeMaise eventually is caught.
Claire and Parker become famous.
When the film is successful.
And Buzz and Abercrombie become bigtime agents.
<EOS>
Psychiatrist Jack Mickler dissuades a would-be suicide -- a 21-year-old  costumed and claiming to be Don Juan.
Who is then held.
Mickler   insists and conducts it without medicating the youth.
Who is about to retire.
Don Juan tells his story -- born.
Finding true love.
Listening enlivens Mickler s relationship.
Pressure mounts to support the youth s indefinite confinement  finding reality within the romantic imagination becomes Jack s last professional challenge.
<EOS>
Society tells us.
Beautiful women have it all.
But beauty can be.
It is a blessing.
Being beautiful  does nt equate happiness  Being beautiful is overrated  says the filmmaker.
Beauty  It may be easier to date or get a job  but having things come easier.
You creates jealousy  laziness.
It does nt encourage development.
Her beauty fades.
Kravinsky compares beauty  it is very sweet  but too much.
It can be a killer.
<EOS>
Lily  an innocent young girl  is convinced to pose nude.
They fall.
The sculptor fears the effect on his work and neglects Lily.
Ultimately   she marries a wealthy older man but does not find happiness there.
Only near-tragedy and scandal are able  ironically  to bring her that happiness.
<EOS>
Whose ancestors came from Africa.
The arrival  a former inhabitant  transforms the peaceable panorama of the place  and polarizes tensions.
Who moved  running away from poverty.
Firmino is attracted.
He is not able to forget Naina.
Who   likes Arua.
Firmino orders dispatch.
Is nt attained   impeding the fishing.
Firmino stirs up the fishermen.
Policemen arrive.
Firmino argues against the master  mediator between the fishermen and the owner of the net.
A fisherman convinces Arua without the net.
His chastity would make him a protected man.
The fishermen are successful  under the leadership of Arua.
Naina reveals her impossible love to an old black woman.
Firmino convinces Quota of taking away Arua s virginity  and consequently breaking the religious enchantment.
Makes him a protected man.
Arua takes the bait.
A storm announces the barravento  the violent moment.
The fishermen leave.
Firmino denounces Arua s loss.
The Master reneges.
The dead bodies are guarded.
Naina accepts to make the ritual  so she can marry Arua.
He promises the marriage.
Before he decides to leave.
Where Firmino arrived.
<EOS>
The story begins.
Who is annoyed.
Egghead shoots.
The audience member and the member falls.
Egghead hears a call  and out comes Daffy Duck biting his nose.
While fighting  a tortoise comes and tries to give Daffy and Egghead new weapons.
Egghead uses his real gun.
When the tortoise goes away.
Daffy tries to make him shoot the apple.
Egghead misses every time  so Daffy puts a blind sign  a cup  and disguise glasses on Egghead.
Daffy then walks away and sings his own viriation Down by himself five minutes into the cartoon  in a set-piece drawn in a different style from the rest of the cartoon.
Also containing the subdued  early form.
Is absent.
Daffy then shakes hands from the lake and they both dive back into the water.
Later  Egghead finally manages to capture Daffy.
A duck comes to claim Daffy.
As Egghead celebrates.
He thanks Egghead  and tells him.
Daffy is 100 % nuts.
Yeah.
Both he and Daffy beat Egghead up before woohoo-ing out into the distance.
Egghead becomes fed up and decides to join them.
The cartoon ends.
A similar joke would end 1940 s Knock Knock  the debut.
Whose early behavior was similar.
Likewise voiced.
Who was then working.
<EOS>
Prof.
Krishnan is a role model  honest and austere  he is a staunch follower.
His principle is Duty First.
He swears.
Shall serve his students and  to that end  will live as a bachelor.
There is a feeling and great respect for him among his students.
But love strikes his heart.
He succumbs.
Though he tries to resist her.
Prof.
Krisnan s orderly life is.
<EOS>
Alex and Annie Morrell finish prep school and return home to start college.
Their mother  publishing heiress Anne Scripps welcomes them.
Anne has recently divorced her husband Tony and is still struggling.
Nonetheless  she is happy.
Whom she marries only months.
Alex is uncertain.
She should trust Scott  having heard stories.
Scott is distrustful to notice.
When Anne announces that she will be having a baby.
Alex reacts.
To get rid  he claims.
He has found marijuana  and forces her to leave house.
Alex denies the accusation.
Anne defends her boyfriend.
Scott gets violent and beats up Anne for inviting Tony s family for the baby s coming out party.
Alex and Annie encourage their mom to leave Scott  but Anne forgives him.
She and Scott are a happy couple again.
Scott lashes out at Anne.
When he finds her smoking  and then throws a guest off the stairs.
Enraged  Alex dares Scott to hit her.
The police interrupts their fight  only to have Scott lie.
A similar occurrence takes place.
Where Scott pushes in front of her friends.
The fight continues.
They leave.
Scott eventually throws her out.
Speeding. 
Three months later  Alex s charges have been dropped.
Anne has filed and attained a restraining order.
The three women move on.
One night Annie is hit while Alex meets a new romantic interest  Jimmy Romeo  though a relationship is postponed due to her focus on her mother.
Another stepback occurs.
When Anne is informed that she will have to share custody.
Deciding  Anne meets and believes.
A reconciliation would be for the better.
He has changed his life.
It turns out  soon  however.
Scott is still as violent as he used to be and threatens to make Tori disappear if she does not stop continuing legal proceedings.
The police arrive sometime later.
Anne is too scared to file charges.
The following day.
Planning  Anne asks for another restraining order.
Alex and Annie move again to protect their mother from Scott.
They are happy again.
Alex leaves.
One day  Tony calls the mansion.
Scott answers.
Believing  he announces.
Anne will get back.
The threats are over  and that something has to be done.
As soon  Scott gets drunk and grabs a hammer  killing Anne.
Annie leaves.
She is asleep.
Afterwards  he jumps off the Tappan Zee Bridge  over the Hudson River in New York.
His body is found.
The girls are left behind.
Fifteen months later  Alex prepares to marry Jimmy.
It is revealed.
She gave birth.
<EOS>
This short film shows Rick Dicker  a government agent assigned to aid supers  interrogating Kari about.
What happened when she was babysitting.
Kari calls Mrs Parr to assure her  but is cut off.
She can take care.
Thinking nothing is wrong  Kari asks.
He is ready.
She puts.
.
Has the result.
Jack-Jack seems to disappear and reappear.
When Kari s back is turned.
Finding this weird  Kari tries calling Mrs Parr again.
Jack-Jack floats and spills milk onto Kari s face.
She is leaving a message.
Kari puts him  flipped upside-down  and tries calling Mrs Parr again.
That he can not float away.
He promptly escapes the playpen  leaving a perfect circular hole  and appears on a high bookshelf.
He falls.
Kari dives to catch him  but he passes into the laundry room.
Running down to find him  Kari sees Jack-Jack passing and floating around  babbling happily.
She finally catches him.
To calm Jack-Jack down  Kari tries showing him flashcards.
This works well.
She shows him a card.
Horrified  Kari picks up Jack-Jack and takes him to the bathroom.
Where she douses him.
Late  with shadows lengthening and sunlight reddening  the house is a shambles.
Kari is  desperately struggling to stay awake.
She appears to have mastered anticipating Jack-Jack s abilities  spraying him.
When he ignites.
Kari has laid other items close to hand.
Eventually  Syndrome comes  asking.
This is the Parrs  house.
Kari thinks  but wonders.
He is the new babysitter come to relieve her.
What the S stands for.
He claims.
It stands  because if he called himself Babysitter  his uniform would have to say BS.
Dicker is incredulous  but Kari shouts.
Kari believed Syndrome.
She was not at the time.
Dicker then asks Kari.
She told anyone else.
She replies.
She did tell her parents  who did nt believe her and thought she was joking.
Kari then expresses.
Her wish to forget the whole event.
Dicker promises.
She will as he activates a device to erase her memory.
<EOS>
The story revolves around two youngsters Ashwin and Anita.
Who live with parents.
The two are always quarreling and do nt see eye.
But tragedy strikes the two.
Takes place  where Ashwin saves Anita.
But Anita s parents have already decided to marry their daughter off.
But Anita does nt approve and wants to run away with Ashwin.
But Ashwin does nt want to hurt Anita s parents.
Who are close.
Anita finally get married.
Ashwin goes missing.
<EOS>
The series closely follows the plot.
Death is forced to take his place.
His granddaughter Susan attempts to find out what happened.
<EOS>
A husband discovers the plan with her first husband to murder him for his money.
He plans counter measures to throw the blame.
<EOS>
An apparently abandoned yacht drifts.
A huge decomposing man kills one by biting his neck.
When the Harbor Patrol investigates.
The remaining officer shoots the hulking man  a zombie.
Who topples.
The body is deposited in the morgue.
Ann Bolt is questioned.
The boat belonged.
She only knows.
Her father left to do research.
Reporter Peter West is assigned to report on the mysterious boat.
Anne and Peter meet and discover a note from Anne s father saying.
He is suffering from a strange disease.
Anne and Peter decide to investigate together.
They arrive and enlist the aid of a seafaring couple  Bryan Curt and Susan Barrett  to help find the island.
Matool is a cursed place.
Where the dead rise to attack the living.
Dr David Menard  a resident  is investigating its secrets.
His contemptuous  highly strung wife Paola wants to leave the island.
Menard insists.
Anne  Peter  Brian  and Susan reach Matool.
The zombies attack en masse  killing most  including Dr Menard.
They investigate.
Susan is later killed and returns  infecting Brian.
Peter and Anne escape  taking the reanimated Brian with them as evidence.
However  they receive a radio report.
A plague has attacked New York City.
<EOS>
Edward Pierce  on the outside a charismatic and well-established member of London s high society  but in secret an opportunistic and cynical master thief  makes plans to steal a shipment of gold being transported monthly from London to Folkestone to finance the Crimean War and replace it with lead bars to escape premature detection.
But the bank has taken strict precautions.
Each of which has two locks.
Pierce recruits his old acquaintance Robert Agar  a pickpocket and screwsman.
When a first test robbery goes awry.
Pierce s mistress Miriam  a beautiful actress  and his cab driver Barlow also join in.
The guard is also bribed into participation.
To ensure the success  Pierce plans out the robbery in explicit detail  and even procures information on the security measures and locations of the keys.
The executives.
Who store the gold and arrange its transport  Mr Henry Fowler and Mr Edgar Trent  each.
The keys are not to be stolen.
Wax copies are to be made.
Order to hide the robbers  intentions.
Pierce s first target is the key held.
Pierce learns and succeeds in becoming acquainted with the man.
Trent is keen.
Pierce begins to court Elizabeth  Trent s daughter  and manages to learn.
Visiting the Trent mansion.
The key is hidden.
Pierce and Agar successfully break at night and make a wax copy of the key.
Henry Fowler proves an easier target.
He likes to visit certain establishments.
Establishing Miriam  Pierce hatches a plan to get the wax copy for Fowler s key.
A highly reluctant Miriam takes Fowler.
Which he has to undress himself.
Pierce initiates the sounds  forcing Fowler to run for his life.
Before Miriam is forced to have sex.
After Agar manages to copy the key.
Are the two keys.
What is now left.
Pierce and Agar first conduct a diversion using Agar s illegitimate son.
The attempt fails.
Therefore  Pierce decides to have the office burgled.
The doors opened.
That Agar can slip in and copy the keys while the station guard attends the restrooms.
Pierce  using an old alias called John Simms  sends a message and assists him in escaping from Newgate.
Clean Willy is currently incarcerated.
The public is distracted.
The criminals succeed in making wax copies of the two keys at the railway station.
Agar is able to perform a dry run of the theft to make sure.
The copied keys work perfectly.
Everything appears to be moving along smoothly  Clean Willy has turned informant after an unlucky attempt at theft.
The gang finds itself seriously compromised.
He nearly has Pierce lured into a trap.
Pierce manages to have Willy murdered.
His plans are now greatly compromised.
The police increases security.
The train arrives.
No passengers may travel.
Undeterred  Pierce manages to smuggle Agar and plans to get to the safe car across the wagon roofs.
The train is.
He and Miriam encounter Fowler.
Who has decided to travel along in order to watch over the transport.
Order to divert his attention.
However  the soot stains Pierce s clothes  and so he is forced to borrow Agar s suit   the jacket splits across the back.
Is much too small.
When he exits the train.
The police quickly recognize him and arrest him.
He can rejoin his accomplices.
Pierce is swiftly put.
Where he is sentenced.
He receives the adoration.
He exits the courthouse.
Who consider him a folk hero.
A disguised Miriam kisses him  thereby slipping him a key to his handcuffs  Agar is also present  disguised as the prison wagon driver.
He fights free and escapes.
Pierce is about to be shoved.
<EOS>
Ranveer Singh is shocked.
When his younger brother living is killed in a post-9 / 11 hate crime.
He travels to bring his brother s murderers to justice.
There he meets former LAPD officer Fateh Singh and Pakistani American Rizwan Hyder.
Who help him uncover the truth.
<EOS>
Guido Anselmi  a famous Italian film director  is suffering.
Stalled.
Includes veiled autobiographical references.
A series delve into his memories and fantasies  they are frequently interwoven with reality.
Guido struggles half-heartedly to work.
<EOS>
The film follows the adventures  a suave  yet violent exploitation film director/actor and former masked wrestler  and his sultry sidekick and sister  the super-agent.
They prevent the evil Dr Satan.
The adventure  set  also features Murray the Robot Suzi-Xs sidekick and vehicle  based on the robot in The Phantom Creeps starring Bela Lugosi.
THE HAUNTED WORLD also references several other films.
Tom Papa  writer and the voice  incorporated his style of humor to his character.
El Superbeasto often makes observations in unusual moments.
Papa does.
<EOS>
Kambilikkandam Jose  a drug baron reaches down to meet Pattakkalil Purushothaman Pillaiaraghavan  demanding a huge hike in his commission.
Popularly known  Purushothaman Pillai is one of the largest drug dealer in south India  along with Sethumadhavan  his foster son.
Appichai calls back Sethu.
Who is.
Sethu  back in Kochi kills Jose  with the help of Balagopal  the IG of Police.
But the death creates a strong protest inside the state and the Chief Minister orders a detailed investigation on the matter.
Narendran  the Assistant Commissioner  is assigned the charge of investigation.
Popularly known.
His aggressive and belligerent style begins his probe by questioning Dr Ratnakumari  the assistant surgeon  who conducted the postmortem of Jose.
Nari finds out marks on his face.
Was not mentioned.
He reaches our.
Who  is found dead in the suburbs of the city.
Sethumadhavan   is one.
Who also holds an illegal business partnership.
A spiritual ashram  under Rema Bai/Rema Behan  Sethu runs a vast drug network along South India.
Narendran  reaches out to Rema Behan.
Who is found dead in her sleep.
Narendran finds several obstacles including the son of the CM and several senior police officers and in the end  the CM itself.
Who decides to withdraw Narendram.
Forms the rest.
Nari over comes the pressures and finishes and brings justice at the end.
<EOS>
The plot follows a portrait photographer  Jung-won and his developing romance.
However  the romance never gets a chance to develop.
Jung-won soon finds out.
He is suffering and has to come to terms with his impending death.
He sets out to continue living as usual  going out and spending time with his family in the small town.
He has lived.
The female character is a teacher.
<EOS>
He leaves his wife  to nurture his newfound taste for younger and prettier women.
When Matthew Kane becomes a successful architect.
Bent  Laura hires a beautiful con artist named Tuesday to seduce and emotionally destroy her.
A story begins to unfold.
When the two women become more involved.
The situation becomes more dangerous than expected.
<EOS>
Arumugam is a good Samaritan.
Who makes a living selling Idli s along with his father  sister and sidekick.
Arumugam is with his childhood sweetheart Yamini.
His best friend is the rich kid Karthik whose sister is an arrogant tycoon Malini.
She and her uncle hates Karthik s deep bonding.
Who she finds to be.
Malini  through her machinations is able to separate the friends and bring Arumugam.
Our hero.
His sister humiliated  vows to bring Malini.
And.
You have seen.
<EOS>
Black Mask has superhuman fighting and healing powers.
He is searching around the world.
Who might be able to reverse his modifications  which have blocked his emotions.
Elsewhere  someone is augmenting the DNA with animal genomes  making them stronger and deadlier.
The process is causing the wrestlers to become more like animals.
Black Mask tries to help the wrestlers.
Their boss has plans.
<EOS>
Miles Archer are approached by Ruth Wonderly to follow a man  Floyd Thursby.
Who allegedly ran off.
The two accept the assignment.
The money is good.
Though they disbelieve her story.
Late that night  police detective Tom Polhaus informs Spade.
Archer has been shot and killed.
Spade turns down the opportunity to examine the body.
He has a brief conversation with a man loitering in a doorway.
He s leaving.
Later  Polhaus and his superior  Lt.
Dundy  visit Spade.
Thursby has been killed.
They want to know  -- they suspect him.
Where Spade s been.
They leave.
The next day  Spade calls.
She uses several different ploys to keep Spade.
Spade sees.
He gets only a little information from her  Thursby was her accomplice.
Who she no longer trusted.
She feels -- but she wo nt tell Spade.
She s.
What she and Thursby were trying to pull off.
Frustrated  Spade begins to leave  but then thinks better.
He takes $ 500  and goes.
Spade tells his secretary  Effie to have Archer s name removed from the door.
He receives a visit.
Who offers Spade $ 5000 if he can retrieve an enamel figurine that he is trying to recover for the rightful owner.
Not knowing anything  Spade plays along  overpowering Cairo.
When he pulls a gun and attempts to frisk him and search the office.
Nevertheless  he agrees to try to recover the statuette.
That night   Spade questions Wonderly about Cairo and the black bird.
Nervous and afraid of losing Spade s help  she begins to attempt to seduce him  but is interrupted.
When Dundy and Polhaus arrive.
Spade keeps them.
They question him  with whom Spade has been having an affair.
They are about to leave.
When Wonderly screams.
They rush in to find her holding a gun.
Spade laughs the incident off.
Nonetheless gets the police to leave   allowing Spade and Wonderly to continue their interrogation.
The next morning   Spade lifts her key and thoroughly searches her apartment  finding nothing.
Wonderly sleeps.
Returning  Spade gets a visit from Iva Archer.
Spade tries to get rid  but she sees Wonderly in the bedroom doorway.
Leaves  threatening to tell everything she knows to Lt.
Dundy.
Spade receives a note  inviting him to come and talk about the black bird.
Spade learns the history and value of the statuette.
Which is encrusted  and that Gutman is the mastermind behind the attempt to steal the bird.
Spade lies to Gutman.
He can deliver the figurine in a couple of days.
They make a deal.
Gutman seals.
Just then  Cairo shows up and tells Gutman privately.
Spade does not have the falcon  that Captain Jacoby  whose ship La Paloma arrives that night  does.
Gutman then slips Spade a mickey  and retrieves his $.
Later that night  Spade arrives back.
Where he finds Effie asleep.
Suddenly  a man staggers in  collapses and dies -- it s Captain Jacoby.
The suitcase has the precious black bird.
He was carrying.
Spade checks the bag and sends himself the ticket in the mail.
Called to see the District Attorney because of  Spade stonewalls them  and is given 24 hours to wrap up the case and bring in the real killers.
What Iva s been telling the police.
Wonderly lures Spade.
Where Cairo and Gutman are waiting with guns.
Knowing  Gutman gives him ten $ 1000 bills.
Spade has the falcon.
Spade insists  and suggests Gutman s gunman  Wilmer Cook.
There also has to be a fall guy to give the police to account.
Gutman rejects this idea.
Spade then puts forward Cairo.
Cairo counters and should bring forward the bird.
Spade s been paid.
They all settle in to wait.
When Spade says he can produce it.
Gutman accuses her  prompting Spade to have her strip.
Wonderly leaves to make coffee and sandwiches.
He accuses Gutman.
When he finds she does nt have the bill.
Gutman admits.
Now having the upper hand  Spade tells Gutman.
Wilmer will be the fall guy  which Cairo and Gutman discuss.
Goaded  Wilmer pulls his gun  Spade knocks him out.
Gutman and Cairo agree.
Gutman explains.
Spade calls Effie and asks her to pick up the suitcase and bring it to them.
Wilmer killed Thursby and Jacoby.
Wilmer escapes out the window.
When the bag shows up.
The conspirators are frantically opening it and examining the black bird.
They soon determine -- they ve been duped.
It is a fake.
Gutman and Cairo decide to make another attempt to steal it.
Gutman takes back his $.
They leave.
Spade immediately calls Detective Polhaus and tells him to pick up Gutman  Cairo and Wilmer  he ll provide Wilmer s guns.
Confronting Wonderly  Spade accuses her.
She admits it.
Spade tells her.
He s going to turn her  despite their love for each other.
They reveal.
When Dundy and Polhaus show up.
Wilmer murdered Gutman and Cairo.
Spade gives them Wilmer s guns  tells them.
Wonderly killed Archer.
They take her away.
We then learn.
Spade caused a sensation when he produced Lee Fu Gow  Chinese merchant  the only eye-witness to the Archer killing  who positively identified Miss Wonderly as the murderess.
Spade goes to visit Wonderly to tell her.
He s been made Chief Investigator.
Spade asks the prison matron to treat Wonderly well and give her.
Whatever she wants.
Spade tells her to send the bill.
When the matron asks who will pay.
A.
S office  I ll OK it.
<EOS>
Kailash Pati  a widower  lives a retired life spending time complaining.
To save his only son  he decides to get him married.
He meets westernized girls.
Disappointed  decides.
He would get his son married who does not speak English and is traditional in all ways.
His Son  Ramesh  is in love with a well-educated girl  Dr Ramola Sharma.
Torn  Ramesh goes to Lalaji  his father s friend for help.
Lalaji suggests to trick Kailash Nath.
The trio succeed.
Ramola is indeed an innocent girl who does not know English.
They are married and then starts a storm to live the lie.
<EOS>
The plot is based.
Madeline Francis is just about to marry Robert Worthing.
When she learns that there is insanity.
Hence they can not have children.
They surely pass to their spawn.
Madeline begs.
She is treated.
Madeline is left to contemplate suicide.
Joy returns.
When Worthing finally learns he was adopted and that they can procreate.
<EOS>
A murderer named and wants to settle down without ever having to touch a gun again.
Cain is released after 18 years.
But no one will give him a job.
People are.
He finally takes an offer.
However   Cain is not as good.
He once was.
Cain tries to find redemption and peace.
When he falls with Monica Alton  an artist from the east who came out west to paint.
Yet Cain s reputation continues to dog him.
Past enemies try to settle old scores and a young gunslinger looking to make his reputation.
<EOS>
Buck Sherman and Jake Jackson  a couple  illegally enter a Navajo reservation in to prospect for gold and end up killing Aranho  the Navajos chief.
Black Arrow  presumed Aranho s son  refuses to kill the Indian agent  Tom Whitney.
Demanded. 
Then  he is driven off the reservation.
Whitney and decides joins forces to goes.
Who killed the chief.
<EOS>
May is hiding out.
An old flame and childhood friend  Eddie shows up.
He threatens to metaphorically and  literally  drag her back into the life.
She had fled.
The film focuses on the couple s fluctuating past and present relationships.
<EOS>
Star Chow is about to be kicked out.
But a senior officer decides to give him one last chance  Star must go undercover at the Edinburgh High School in Hong Kong to recover the senior officer s missing revolver.
The undercover operation is made complicated.
When Star is partnered.
However  Star still manages to fall with Ms Ho  the school s guidance counselor  as well as disrupting a gang involved in.
<EOS>
Being driven by his mother  Travis notices first a fire station siren being removed from its pole and then members of the Five Points Trinity Church  led by Abin Cooper protesting the funeral of a local gay teenager.
Who was found murdered.
His teacher talks about.
Cooper and his church had their town ridiculed.
Later  Jared  a friend  reveals.
He received an invitation.
They borrow Travis  parent s car and travel out.
They accidentally sideswipe the vehicle of Sheriff Wynan.
He was engaged.
Afraid  the boys drive off.
Sheriff Wynan returns and tells his deputy Pete to go and look for the vehicle.
Meanwhile  the boys arrive.
Who sent.
She encourages them to drink.
They pass out.
Undressing. 
Jared wakes up.
Being moved.
He realizes.
He is after he identifies Cooper.
Cooper begins a long  hate-filled sermon.
They lured in.
They bind him using plastic cling wrap  execute him with a revolver and drop him into a small crawl space.
Where Travis and Billy Ray are bound together.
Cooper then begins binding Jared  but stops.
When he notices Pete driving up.
Travis and Billy Ray use a protruding bone.
Is heard.
He lifts up the trap door just to see Billy Ray escape and runs after him.
Billy Ray is not able to help Travis out and leaves him for dead.
Caleb chases Billy Ray.
Where the two end up shooting each other.
Pete hears the gunshots and calls Wynan  but is shot and killed by Mordechai.
Cooper then blackmails Wynan  telling him to stay away.
He will reveal Wynan s homosexuality.
The church has taken.
Wynan calls ATF Agent Joseph Keenan.
Who begins setting up outside.
Travis arms himself and makes a run  eventually making it outside.
The family mourns Caleb.
Where he is shot and killed.
Keenan tries to reason.
A shoot-out erupts instead.
ATF Special Agent Brooks is shot.
Agent Keenan receives a call from ATF higher-ups ordering him to start a full raid of the complex to ensure.
No witnesses remain.
Another tactical agent named.
Harry struggles and argues with Keenan in private against doing this.
Keenan dismisses Harry s protests  rationalizing his decision based on personal gain and the reputation of the ATF  and Harry storms off in disgust.
Cheyenne escapes and is captured by an ATF agent.
Who is about to shoot her.
He is instead killed.
Cheyenne returns Jared  begging him to help her hide the congregation s children.
Jared refuses due.
The church had killed.
Her pleas turn.
Sarah notices them and attacks Jared.
Cheyenne tries to break up the fight and accidentally shoots Sarah  killing her.
Cheyenne sends the children up.
Jared changes his mind and decides to help Cheyenne hide the children.
They run outside to plead to spare the children but are killed by Harry.
Who has come around  though Keenan is now visibly disturbed by Harry s actions.
The shoot-out is then suddenly interrupted.
When a mysterious loud trumpet blast echos.
The remaining Coopers lower their weapons and run  claiming.
The Rapture has come as the trumpet continues to play.
Abin calmly approaches a stunned ATF team and confidently taunts them.
God s wrath is.
He raises his arms and stands  daring him to defy God as the trumpet blares.
Several days later   Keenan reports.
He then head-butted Cooper and took the rest into custody.
He explains but came.
The trumpet noises were not the Rapture.
Who lived down the road and were irritated.
They rigged up an old fire house siren to an iPod with loud trumpet noises  unaware of the shootout taking place over the hill.
Keenan is promoted.
Keenan is surprised.
He is not punished.
His superiors explain  locking them up.
Their initial decision to kill the members was mostly personal and that they are satisfied with the alternative punishment of taking away the prisoners  constitutional rights to due process.
They also laugh.
Cooper  who views homosexuality  will more than likely be raped numerous times by his fellow male inmates.
Keenan laments this outcome.
He shares about a couple he once knew that taught him about the darker side of human nature and the way.
Cooper is finally seen pacing and sermoning to himself.
Another prisoner yells to Shut the fuck up.
Smith has stated.
The original ending actually continued.
Cooper s chest explodes  followed  chests exploding one by one  and then the remaining agents  chests exploding one by one.
Cooper tells Keenan to shoot him.
The ground shakes and splits.
Keenan curls up and closes his eyes.
He sees the last agent killed coming out of his chest.
When he opens his eyes.
Is being wielded.
The angel looks  puts a finger to his lips  and says shhhhh.
The angel then flies off.
The Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse descend.
<EOS>
Franklin is depicted in early scenes as vigorously athletic  enjoying games with his children and sailing his boat.
Suddenly stricken and then paralysis  subsequent scenes focus on the ensuing conflict in the following weeks between the bedridden FDR  his wife Eleanor  his mother Sara  and his close political adviser Louis Howe over FDR s political future.
A later scene portrays FDR literally dragging himself up the stairs as   he painfully strives to overcome his physical limitations and not remain an invalid.
FDR is shown re-entering public life.
He walks.
The play and film both omit any mention.
<EOS>
Still mystified  the father of high-school student Gi-tae tries to track down his two best friends  classmates Hee-joon and Dong-yoon  to try to find an explanation.
The father meets.
Who says he can not help as he moved schools weeks.
Afterwards  Hee-joon berates.
Jae-ho tells him.
Gi-tae went crazy after he moved away.
Hee-joon manages to trace Dong-yoon and urges him to contact Gi-tae s father and provide some answers.
Flashbacks to the time gradually reveal.
What really happened  starting and bullying of Hee-joon and the latter s response.
<EOS>
Joo-wol is a novelist suffering writer s block.
He has not been able to write anything.
A hopeless romantic  he looks to find artistic inspiration.
He meets  but ends up only.
One day  his publisher asks him to come along for a change of pace.
There he meets Hee-jin  a film distributor.
Who is there to survey the European film market.
Unsurprisingly  he falls again.
He manages to convince her out on a date.
Joo-wol writes a bestselling detective novel.
Their relationship progresses.
However  he begins to discover more.
He would like to know with men.
<EOS>
Real Pests is a light-hearted comedy.
Who works and lives with his five adolescent sons and an elderly maid Rozi in Ljubljana.
The boys are wild  constantly playing pranks.
Who is fed up.
One day  she fulfills her threat and leaves despite being extremely fond of the family.
Right then  Rozi s young niece Meri comes and is offered a place to stay by Stebe.
She can find a job.
The attractive Meri can not compete at housekeeping.
She immediately wraps all the boys  also getting attention from Stef s coworker Toni with.
Whom she later becomes a couple.
However  nobody seems to know.
Where she is going every afternoon.
Finally  Stebe   convinces her to come back.
Who knows Rozi very well.
The mystery about Meri is also solved  she had been learning to drive a bus and has just passed the driving test  becoming a driver at the city transport company.
Everybody boards her bus.
They drive off.
<EOS>
Jack likes to read books and is a shy but confident person.
His sister  Annie   makes friends quickly with both humans and animals.
One day   they unexpectedly stumble.
They were playing together.
This magical treehouse allows people to travel.
Whenever they liked.
The following books are used as influences and go under the spell.
Morgan le Fay was.
<EOS>
The main protagonists are Katya  the daughter of a factory worker and Andrey  the son of the former owner of the factory.
Who illegally returns.
The film title refers.
<EOS>
Linda and her lover Carlo committed a horrible crime  eight years ago they murdered the woman s husband.
She was pregnant.
They hid the corpse.
They are running a small hotel near a popular fishing lake.
One rainy night a drifter named.
Marco arrives.
He seems to know too many details.
<EOS>
Petra von Kant is a prominent fashion designer.
The film is almost totally restricted  decorated by a huge reproduction of Poussin s Midas and Bacchus depicting naked and partially clothed men.
The room also contains numerous life-size mannequins.
Only her assistant Marlene is shown using them.
Petra s marriages have ended.
Her first husband  Pierre  was a great love   the second began the same way  but ended.
Who died while Petra was pregnant.
Petra lives.
Whom she treats  and reveals her sadistic side by making codependent relationships.
Von Kant is shown being awoken.
She proceeds to begin her day and get dressed.
Her assistant attends.
Von Kant makes a phone call  makes demands of Marlene  and dons a brown wig.
Before she receives a visitor.
Petra talks about her male relationships.
Meanwhile  Marlene does the work and acts.
Karin Thimm  Sidonie s friend  joins the women.
Karin newly returned after residing in Sydney for five years  is a desirable  23-year-old woman.
Petra is immediately attracted.
Suggests Karin becomes a model.
Karin agrees to return the following day  but Sidonie has to leave.
Karin follows her.
Petra quickly falls madly.
The next day   Petra  now wearing a larger and dark wig  offers to support Karin.
She trains to be a model.
Karin s husband has remained.
Petra is only momentarily put off.
The women soon show their incompatibility.
Petra had a happy childhood  and came.
Where the good things were always stressed.
Karin s father was a toolmaker.
She always felt neglected.
Petra loved mathematics and algebra.
Karin could never understand arithmetic and the point.
Petra has a daughter.
Whom she rarely sees  but reassures herself that her daughter is.
Karin s parents are now both dead.
Her father killed Karin s mother  then hanged himself.
She says people reject her.
When they find out.
Petra now admits after having heard her family history.
Petra orders Marlene to get a bottle.
Karin goes.
Her father was made redundant.
It is clear he was probably alcoholic.
The deaths occurred.
When he was.
Karin feels  her husband treated her as a slave  and offered no reprieve from her past.
She has drifted.
Petra insists.
This is about to change.
Marlene returns toast each other.
Petra promises to make Karin a great model.
Marlene  previously hidden  stops typing and glares at Petra.
People are brutal and hard.
Listening  Petra says life is predestined.
Everyone is replaceable.
Petra  discovering the expense  suggests she move in with her.
Marlene resumes her typing.
She is ordered to bring more Sekt.
Karin agrees to move in.
Karin herself can only say.
Petra admits.
She likes Petra.
Six months or so pass.
Petra  resplendent  is getting dressed.
Karin is.
Petra cancels a flight  a habit is pointless.
Karin thinks.
Petra orders Marlene to find her shoes.
Karin thinks.
Marlene is strange.
Petra reassures her.
Marlene loves her.
Karin can still not say.
She loves Petra.
Karin s own capacity emerges.
Both women have already started drinking.
The previous night Karin had been out  and admits to having been with a man   Petra is jealous and shouts at Marlene.
She keeps changing her precise story.
Freddy  Karin s husband  telephones.
It emerges.
They have been by letter.
Karin is no longer planning  rather she is rejoining her husband.
Petra calls her a rotten little whore.
Karin responds.
Being is less strenuous than walking the streets.
She asks Petra to book a flight   and asks for 500DM from Petra.
Where she is to meet her husband.
Petra freely gives her twice that.
Marlene drives Karin  Petra is now too drunk to drive.
The bedroom is almost empty.
Petra  lying and now wearing a blond wig  is drinking heavily.
Assuming her object will phone.
Her daughter Gaby arrives.
Petra tells her little  Gaby admits.
It is so far unrequited.
Sidonie appears  a doll with a blond hair like Karin s.
She admits.
Karin is.
Petra s mother Valerie is subjected.
Petra accuses her.
Who never worked and lived off her husband.
Petra tramples had brought in  she insists on an ability to smash anything.
She has bought.
She insists.
She is not crazy  but loved her.
She claims.
Karin s little finger is worth all put together.
Her mother  previously unaware  is shocked at the thought of her daughter being in love with another woman.
Petra rejects Sidonie and hopes not to see her again.
Sidonie stays.
Later  Petra lies sans wig  her natural auburn hair on display.
She is apologetic  and realizes.
She wanted to possess Karin rather than love her.
Karin rings  offering the chance.
They will perhaps meet again.
Petra turns.
Her mother has left  and admits she has to apologize for many things.
It will be different on  Petra will share her life with Marlene.
But Marlene   packs.
Who has satisfied her personal masochistic desire.
Her small suitcase leaves and takes the doll.
<EOS>
Tom and Joe are disillusioned New York cops.
Who decide to pull off one big robbery and retire on the proceeds.
Bearer bonds are.
What the local Mafia boss will buy  so that s what they go.
Central Park is the location.
Can they come out with their lives and the money.
<EOS>
An international architecture student finds work as a house sitter for the wealthy owners of a luxury home in Perth.
His new job causes friction.
Who he was supposed to live.
The house and wealth opens up a realm.
It exudes.
He is seduced.
Subsequently  his relationship falls apart.
He struggles to regain momentum.
His academic life is threatened.
When his final university assignment disappears.
He begins to connect Anna and struggles to end their relationship.
When he does the consequences are lethal.
<EOS>
A group.
Who have spent.
One escapes and returns to find his lover believes.
Him to be dead and that she is being pursued.
<EOS>
Lallu is an orphan.
Who was separated as a child and has been brought up by foster parents.
He travels to look for a job and starts working as a loyal servant for rich businessman Jamna Das.
One day he discovers Jamna Das s daughter Sunita and takes her home.
Jamna Das realises.
How loyal Lallu is and how he never took advantage decides to get them married.
Sunita immediately refuses.
She is.
His will and testament reveals.
When Jamna Das suddenly dies.
She will not be entitled.
Seeing no other option she marries Lallu but decides to have him killed.
That she can inherit all.
Sunita and Amit succeed.
His death is considered suspicious.
The case is assigned.
Who is a lookalike.
Vijay also has a twin brother.
Whom he lost.
His brother was apparently murdered.
The latter had raped a close friend s wife.
Who was Jamna Das s wife Gomti.
Later Gomti dies.
When Amar Singh falsely proves his ` innocence  and renders her guilty.
This fact is not known.
But Vijay swears revenge.
What he did.
The twist comes.
When Lallu appears.
He then terrorizes them and   out come the police to arrest Amit and Sunita.
When Amit finally owns up.
Lallu says.
He is none other.
Vijay reveals.
It was his plan to frame Amit and his father.
It was he.
Who had come as Lallu  told Jamna Das to enact the heart attack  took Sunita into confidence  done all the pretense.
Finally they had gotten Amit.
Amit is guilty of ` murdering Lallu   Inspector K.
Kada  a cunning inspector  is also arrested.
Who had helped cover the crime.
Amit is taken.
Amar  Amit  and K.
Kada hatch a plan to release Amit and send him out.
They go on the pretext of meeting Amit and  as part of a plan hatched by Amar  a fight breaks out near the station.
Which Vijay responds.
They release Amit  knock K.
Kada out  and immolate him with him.
Vijay realizes whats happening  it is too late.
Amit escapes  Amar goes to court and accuses Vijay of burning his son.
But Vijay manages to save K.
Kada.
He then says and helps Vijay nab Amit.
Vijay is the biggest player.
The film reaches a climax.
When Vijay chases Amit all the way.
Kada.
Eventually they burst many stationary aircraft to shreds and destroy the hangar.
Amit shoots K.
Kada from his car.
But Vijay manages to nab him and take him.
Finally they reach court.
Where Vijay produces Amit  the dead K.
Kada  and everything is open.
Amar is now forced to say.
He was the one who killed Lallu and raped Gomti  to save his son now.
Unfortunately he is not able to prove it and save his son.
He has destroyed all the evidence.
A frustrated Amar tries to shoot Vijay but is overpowered.
They are then arrested.
There ends the film.
<EOS>
Chandrashekhar or Shekhar  belongs.
He is called now.
Who believe laughter is a sign  and as a result laughter is not encouraged in the household  run by Shekhar s domineering mother.
The only one is Shekhar s sister Mala.
Who dares to laugh and enjoy life.
Who also dares to love Jeevan.
Things change.
When their mother finds out.
She asks Shekhar to take her away  to distant and scenic Kashmir  for a while.
She also instructs Shekhar to arrange to get married from a princely family.
He meets up.
When Shekhar escorts Mala out.
He realizes.
What he has been missing  and becomes a care-free man.
This change is welcomed.
To make matters worse  Rajkumari does not belong.
Shekhar knows.
His mother will never approve with Rajkumari.
<EOS>
Ade is a playboy Nigerian-American investment banker working.
He is.
Her family had been cautious but begins to warm to him due to his professional success and charm.
However  Ade s manipulative mother back would.
Rather her son gets serious and dumps that girl from within her social circle.
He is tricked.
An arranged marriage had already been conducted with a complete stranger.
Reluctantly  Ade accepts the new wife  Grace  and seems submissive.
She is beautiful.
Back  Ade avoids Stacey.
She crudely discovers his secret marriage.
Grace quickly settles  living as a kept woman.
Ade continues to enjoy the freedom.
Grace eventually tires and confronts him  setting off a series of battles.
Makes Ade realise how easily his enviable lifestyle could be taken away.
Ade decides to mount a final showdown.
Will be a turning point.
<EOS>
Vianne Rocher  an expert chocolatier  drifts with her daughter Anouk.
They travel to a tranquil French village.
Closely adheres  as led by the village mayor  Comte Paul de Reynaud.
Vianne opens a Chocolaterie.
As the villagers begin observing the forty days  much to the chagrin of Reynaud.
Vianne   does not fit in well  but is nevertheless optimistic about her business.
Who wears more provocative clothing  does not go  and has an illegitimate child.
Her friendly and alluring nature begins to win the villagers by one  causing Reynaud to openly speak against her for tempting the people during a time of abstinence and.
One to fall under the spell of Vianne and her confections is Armande  her elderly  eccentric landlady.
Armande laments.
Her cold  devoutly-pious daughter Caroline will not let Armande see her grandson Luc because Caroline thinks Armande is a bad influence.
Vianne arranges.
Where they develop a close bond.
Caroline later reveals to Vianne.
Her mother is a diabetic  though Armande continues to indulge despite her condition.
Vianne also develops a friendship.
Who is a victim.
Josephine leaves her husband and moves in with Vianne and Anouk.
Vianne teaches her craft  Josephine becomes a self-confident  changed woman.
Serge seemingly changes into a better man.
He asks Josephine to come back.
Finally happy and fulfilled  Josephine declines.
A drunken Serge breaks and attempts to attack both women.
Josephine   knocks him out with a skillet.
A band of river gypsies camp out on the outskirts of the village.
Vianne embraces them  developing a mutual attraction.
Most objects to their presence.
Together they hold a birthday party with other village members and gypsies on Roux s boat.
She begins to see.
When Caroline sees Luc  who snuck out to go  dancing with her mother.
How rigid she is and that his grandmother s influence in his life may not be a bad thing.
Vianne  Josephine  and Anouk all sleep on the boats.
Where Roux and Vianne make love.
Late that night  Serge sets the boat.
Where Josephine and Anouk are sleeping.
Both escape unharmed.
Vianne s faith is shaken.
Also that night  Luc returns.
She has finally died.
Roux packs up and leaves with his group  much to Vianne s sadness.
Deciding  Vianne resolves to move.
She can not win.
She goes.
Before she does so.
Who have come to love her.
The way had planned.
She has changed their lives  making chocolate.
Realizing  she decides to stay.
She has brought change.
Reynaud remains staunch in his abstinence from pleasures such as chocolate.
He opens the chocolate display and destroys the various confections with a knife.
He gives and devours the chocolate before collapsing into tears and eventually falling asleep.
When a small piece.
The next day  Vianne promises not to reveal.
What happened.
A mutual respect is established.
Roux returns.
Vianne resolves to stay  having found a home for herself and her daughter in the village.
<EOS>
The story begins.
Where girls and boys enjoy themselves.
Sangayya  the assistant commissioner  is forced to revoke the case because of Chezhiyan s influence.
Chezhiyan  a leading politician  would bail them out.
If he and his friends commit a murder.
Vaibhav falls with a girl named Reshma  daughter of a businessman.
There are some political dramas.
Happens before the families agree.
Sangayya is been used.
He gets furious.
His hands are tied.
Sangayya starts an investigation.
When Chezhiyan is mysteriously kidnapped and beaten up.
Sangayya solves the case and comes to know.
A XI grade student named as Easan is the convict.
Easan has a flash-back sequence.
Where his sister Poorani is raped in a birthday party.
Easan s family   commits mass suicide by drinking poisoned coffee.
Easan survives.
He only drinks a bit.
He is rushed.
Where Poorani s friend Shyamala visits him and reveals who seduced his sister.
He has.
This is revealed by Easan himself.
Deiva Nayagam and his assistant arrive and find the dead Chezhiyan.
The rest is.
Sangayya saves Easan and himself.
<EOS>
Sosai X traveled millions to reach the planet Earth and creates a mutant Berg Katse.
30 years later he is the leader.
They want to conquer the world.
The nations live in fear.
Galactor controls the mechanical monster Turtle King.
Earth s only hope lies.
Who can move.
They are Gatchaman  five superheroes.
Who arrive to stop Galactor s Machiavellian plans of world domination.
<EOS>
Idukki Gold is the story and an important person in their life.
The film marks the return.
Who enjoyed superstardom.
Who was an integral part.
Who was a minimum guarantee star.
Who played hero roles.
All these actors are playing central roles.
<EOS>
The Winter Wishes Festival is finally coming.
All the ponies are excited to see Twinkle Wish  a wishing star.
Who grants each pony one special wish.
However   the entire event is facing a big dilemma.
Twinkle Wish gets kidnapped.
It s up to get her back before the night of the festival  otherwise  everyone s wishes wo nt be granted.
The festival would be ruined.
<EOS>
The movie is.
She lives.
Ashok is the head.
Gayatri runs a restaurant.
Aranya and Ashok still wait.
Who left them to pursue her dream.
A shopkeeper  Gangaram  has feelings.
Aranya runs a watch repair store.
Order to support herself and her father.
Where she ends up meeting a stranger named Andy.
He comes everyday to get his water-logged watch repaired and leaves a INR 100 note.
Eventually  they fall.
The story takes a dramatic turn.
When Aranya discovers the truth.
He admits.
He had a crush and had even agreed to wait 10 years to see her.
She takes a liking together.
She attempts to deal.
K.
Constructions.
Who want to build a resort.
Then her world will shatter around her.
When she finds out that Andrew had been killed several years ago.
The male claiming to be him is actually an unknown and unstable inmate.
<EOS>
The film follows four teenaged girls.
The youngest finds out that she may be pregnant.
Her boyfriend has left to sell pirated VCDs.
<EOS>
The Three Pigs  reading their own story  decide to circumvent the story by selling both the straw house and the wooden house.
The Wolf can blow them down.
Bugs is easily conned.
Comes the Wolf  reading the book  too.
He blows down the straw house.
As homeowner Bugs starts to greet him.
Bugs then buys the wooden house.
The three then hole up - knowing from the book.
The Wolf ca nt blow it down.
Along comes the Wolf again  book  and blows down the wooden house over Bugs  objections.
That prompts the Bunny to deliver payback.
To get revenge  Bugs dresses up as Little Red Riding Hood and skips down the roadway.
He meets the Wolf sitting  reading the end of the story.
The Wolf asks the girl.
Where she is going.
Bugs flips the Wolf s book a few pages.
The Wolf then speed-reads Little Red Riding Hood.
He realises he s.
The Wolf races over and claiming  kicks her out of the house with barely time to get her nightclothes on.
He has no time to eat her.
The Rabbit arrives shortly thereafter.
He pokes.
When Bugs Bunny says what big eyes  ears  teeth  and feet the wolf has when he s.
Both the wolf s eyes  pulls his ears up and down  and pull out his teeth and back.
The Wolf retaliates.
Bugs counters that.
They argue.
Both strip each other s disguises.
Bugs then refuses to give the Wolf the present.
He brought him.
Bugs relents and puts the present right.
The Wolf begs Bugs to give him his present.
Pursued down the basement steps  Bugs turns off the light switch downstairs  making the Wolf to go back to the upstairs switch to restore the light rather than risk Bugs  scounterattack.
Bugs tricks the Wolf.
This procedure is repeated.
Bugs tries to escape.
It turns out to be a tandem.
He steers  yanking the Wolf out of the seat.
The Wolf explains.
When Bugs chides the Wolf.
Bugs then sees it all.
Arriving  Bugs overhears the pigs gloating about cheating him into buying their houses.
He directs the Wolf to blow down the house.
The Wolf says.
He ca nt.
He ca nt.
Bugs retorts  Book  shmook.
The pigs laugh  and then the house suddenly blows up.
The Wolf says  I did it.
Then the scene cuts  we did it.
Who pats a TNT detonator and says.
<EOS>
The film is set.
Where an American pathologist Dr Richard Murray is grieving previously.
Murray s grief is accentuated.
He feels as he was having an affair.
Murray has started drinking large amounts of whiskey and is having blackouts  forgetting.
What has transpired.
Murray begins to receive messages.
He believes to be clues.
He begins to suspect himself.
When he realises that a serial killer is attacking women.
<EOS>
Hula has been raised by her father  but raised in native ways by a local man such.
She is considered a wild child who wears pants and rides horses.
She later falls with British engineer Anthony Haldane.
Whom she attempts to entise that he is married.
Later  his wife Margaret arrives.
<EOS>
Jake Peterson is a dedicated vice unit detective.
Whose strong-will and dedication begins to take a toll on his marriage to wife Rebecca.
Jake s father  Bill Peterson is a veteran detective.
Jake is also to live up to his fathers reputation.
Well as the strain.
Both Jake and his father make it their personal mission to bring the killer or killers to justice.
They uncover a drug ring smuggling drugs from Mexico into Phoenix  Arizona and quickly discover just.
Vast and dangerous the smuggling operation really is.
<EOS>
The plot concerns two young couples.
Who go in order to find Michael Rockefeller  the son of New York Governor Nelson Rockefeller who disappeared back in 1961  and sell an interview with him to the tabloids for $.
Suggests that Michael Rockefeller may still be alive.
Where Rockefeller was last seen.
The group ventures deep.
Where they find two Christian missionaries and a middle-aged Australian man who warns the group not to disturb the tribes.
However tensions rise.
Ultimately attracts the attention who then stalk one of the young couples while they are on a makeshift boat in the river and then attack them when they made their way to shore.
Meanwhile  the next morning the other couple realizes.
Most are missing.
They fear.
The other couple took their items and went on ahead to find and interview Rockefeller.
They then decide to go find their friends but end up finding blood and bits on the shore.
Where they were kidnapped.
Fearing the two go deep into the jungle and later that day find the body of the woman of the other couple.
Later that night they find half-eaten bodies.
Whom they met earlier and then find their male friend whose legs and arms have been eaten off.
The young couple come across a seemingly friendlier non-cannibalistic tribe.
Who invites them and provides them with food to eat.
The couple then talks.
What they are going to do after they escape.
Their conversation is cut short.
When the tribe who invited them knock the young couple unconscious and kill them while their portable camera carries.
Seconds later  an old man is seen walking away.
There is no information.
Who this old man could be.
There is a possibility.
It could be Michael Rockefeller  who has been kept alive since he was captured by them in.
<EOS>
This story follows a young student.
Who is orphaned as she grows to adulthood.
Coming  she sees.
Her friends and family react differently.
Her lover  a married factory manager  supports the patriots and later assists fellow workers.
Meanwhile her sister and others express anger and continue to express a hatred for the rebels afterwards.
But they realize.
Real life is not possible after the revolt and its brutal suppression by the Soviets and their collaborators.
A particularly surreal scene involves a New Year s Eve party.
Which the participants wear costumes.
An intoxicated woman yells anti-government curses out.
Police arrive and look suspiciously at the guests.
Who are all wearing ridiculous costumes.
<EOS>
The Stooges are used chariot salesmen.
They make the mistake.
He has them promptly arrested.
The Stooges are forced to appear.
Who is suffering.
Seeing an opportunity to redeem themselves  Moe informs the King.
Shemp is an expert dentist known.
Shemp goes.
The tooth  however  is removed.
The King rewards the Stooges.
The trio uncover a plot.
They assume their new roles.
Where the King s tax collector Tutamon is stealing the tax money.
Once again  the King is indebted and offers his daughter Fatima s hand in marriage.
<EOS>
Two museum curators hire the Stooges to locate Professor Tuttle.
Who went missing while attempting to find the mummy  in Cairo.
They hail a taxicab  and inform the bewildered driver.
They are bound.
Once the boys  under the duress of a mirage  believe.
An empty patch is a lake of cool water and dive in  inadvertantly diving right into a series of underground tunnels that may lead to the tomb of Rooti nTootin.
They begin to investigate  but end up separated and Curly runs afoul.
He takes off running.
He and his pals reunite.
The Stooges learn.
Tuttle is being held hostage.
The thieves have the professor bound and gagged.
The Stooges wander around.
Curly finds.
What the Stooges believe to be the mummy  in a secret room  activated by a trap door.
He clumsily drops it  crumbling it.
When Curly tries to pick it up.
Then they hear the boss.
Where the mummy is.
The frightened professor tells them.
The Stooges  realizing killed.
They will get.
The crooks discover the crushed mummy  so Moe gets the idea to make a mummy out.
Curly s reply is  I m a daddy.
I ca nt be a mummy.
He lies.
When the crooks arrive.
The Boss rifles with the bandages on his chest open.
The boss search pulls a newspaper out and reads ` Yanks win World Series  -- can you beat that.
The Stooges admit.
Curly had destroyed the mummy.
The Professor says  That was his wife  Queen Hotsy-Totsy.
An alligator comes out.
The men discuss about all the trouble.
Curly turns and sees the gator and thinks.
It is a mummy alligator and tries to take it home to hang it.
The gator bites his butt  Curly cries and tells the fellas the gator bit him.
When Curly reaches.
Nobody believes him.
They see the gator snap its jaws.
The men scream and run.
<EOS>
Lovers and Other Strangers revolves  intercutting their story with those of other couples among their families and friends.
Mike wants to call off the wedding  arguing.
The movie opens.
It would be hypocritical to get married when they ve already been living together for a year and a half.
He only relents.
When Susan s father  Hal  tells him how Susan went.
We meet  Susan s WASP-ish parents  Hal and Bernice.
Hal  we learn  is having a long-running extramarital affair.
Who is afraid.
Susan s sister  Wilma  and her husband Johnny.
Wilma is feeling her age and misses the passion.
They had.
Johnny is more interested.
Mike s brother  Richie and his wife  Joan.
Who have grown incompatible and unhappy and are considering divorce.
Bridesmaid Brenda and usher Jerry.
Who Mike and Susan fix up.
Nebbishy Jerry imagines himself a playboy  and spends most.
Mike s Italian-American parents  Frank and Bea.
Who are relentlessly trying to persuade Richie and Joan not to get divorced.
All the plot lines play out.
<EOS>
Tom Ripley has been sent to persuade his wealthy friend  Philippe Greenleaf  to return to the United States and take over his father s business.
Philippe intends to do no such thing  however.
The impoverished Tom enjoys living a life  so the two men essentially spend money all day and carouse all night.
Tom is fixated  and covets the other man s life.
The spoiled  arrogant Philippe eventually grows bored and becomes cruel and abusive to him.
The final straw is.
When   Philippe strands Tom in the dinghy and leaves him to lie in the sun for hours.
Back  Tom hatches a plan to kill Philippe and steal his identity.
First  he leaves evidence to find.
Philippe confronts Tom.
Marge goes ashore.
Who admits his plan quite casually.
Philippe  believing it to be a joke  plays along and asks Tom.
Suddenly frightened  Philippe offers Tom a substantial sum to leave him and Marge alone.
Tom states.
He can obtain this sum anyway  and far more.
Tom stabs Philippe to death.
The latter screams Marge s name.
He casts the body overboard and returns.
Tom informs Marge.
Philippe has decided to stay behind.
He then goes traveling  even flawlessly mimicking his voice and mannerisms  in effect  Tom has become Philippe.
Tom murders him as well.
When Philippe s suspicious friend  Freddie Miles  begins to suspect the truth.
Freddie s body is soon found.
The Italian police inevitably get involved.
However  Tom continues playing his charade  switching and Philippe s  depending on.
What the situation demands.
Tom forges a suicide note and a will  leaving the Greenleaf fortune to Marge.
Tom has survived a long string of close shaves  thrown the Italian police off his trail  and seems to have outwitted everybody.
He even succeeds.
Whom he begins openly cohabiting.
However   his decomposed body is found still attached.
When Philippe s yacht is being moved.
The anchor cable used to sink his corpse had become tangled.
Tom is unknowingly called shortly thereafter  it is implied.
He will be arrested.
<EOS>
Ismael Sankara follows in an unconventional way the journey of Ismael Ish Sankara  a former Miami based rapper.
Who traveled to visit family.
Little did.
He know that Libreville would be the place where the project would fall on his laps.
<EOS>
The film tells the story.
Has built a machine that can predict earthquakes.
One will hit California  US to a uniformly skeptical state-level political and civil defense body.
The team works on further prediction and comes to the conclusion.
A wave are pending in and around the southwestern United States.
They trace the epicenter to an area beneath the Carlsbad Caverns and descend to a hitherto unexplored level.
Here they find a strange ore.
When removed with water  becomes highly explosive  and realize that this element  somehow working its way from deep in the Earth  is responsible for the earthquakes.
It is named Element.
The material is not analyzed.
Because so far  111 chemical elements had been discovered.
A computer determines.
Month  enough of Element 112 will emerge from the deep earth so as to cause the entire planet to explode.
A desperate operation ensues worldwide to blast and trench the ground to let water and cover Element 112  keeping it from drying out and expanding.
<EOS>
The film is based.
Who were incarcerated.
These women formed the Goree All Girl String Band  one  capturing the hearts of millions in the process.
<EOS>
The Axis powers decide.
A show might bully neutral Turkey into joining them.
Their target is 2000 British soldiers marooned in the Aegean Sea.
Rescue is impossible because of massive radar-directed guns on the nearby island of Navarone.
Time is short.
The Germans are expected to launch an assault.
Efforts to destroy the guns have proved fruitless.
So  Commodore Jensen gathers a team of commandos to sail to Navarone and destroy the guns.
Six destroyers can pick up the stranded men.
Led  they are Captain Keith Mallory  renowned mountaineer  Colonel Andrea Stavrou  from the defeated Greek army  Franklin s best friend Corporal Miller  a former University Chemistry teacher and explosives expert  Greek-American Spyros Pappadimos  a native of Navarone  and Butcher Brown  an engineer and expert knife fighter.
Disguised  they sail across the Aegean Sea.
They are intercepted and boarded.
They attack and kill all the Germans and sink the patrol boat.
Mallory confides to Franklin.
Andrea has sworn to kill him  because he was inadvertently responsible for the deaths of Andrea s wife and children.
The ship is wrecked.
They lose part but still manage to land on the island.
Led.
Who was recruited.
But Franklin is badly injured  the injury later becoming infected.
They find.
The cliff is   guarded after all.
Miller suggests.
They leave Franklin to be well cared.
Mallory   feels.
Who assumes command.
Franklin would be forced to reveal their plans  so he orders two men to carry the injured man.
Franklin tries to commit suicide.
Mallory lies  saying.
Their mission has been scrubbed and that a major naval attack will be mounted opposite the gun emplacement.
They rendezvous  Spyros s sister Maria.
Her friend Anna   tortured  and escaped.
Who was captured.
She was so traumatized.
She can not speak and will not allow even Maria to see her scars.
The mission is continually dogged.
The group is captured.
When they try to find a doctor.
Muesel and Hauptsturmfuhrer Sessler fail to persuade the saboteurs to tell them.
Where Miller s explosives are.
Andrea pretends to grovel and beg.
Surprises the Germans  allowing the group to overpower their captors.
They escape but leave Franklin behind to receive medical attention.
Franklin is injected with scopolamine and gives up the false information.
Mallory had hoped.
German units are deployed  away from the guns.
Miller discovers.
Most have been rendered useless and deduces that Anna is the saboteur.
It transpires.
She is not mute and was only threatened with torture but agreed to become an informer in exchange for her release.
She pleads.
She was coerced.
Miller  bitter insists.
Mallory has abandoned.
She must be silenced.
It is Maria.
The men hem and haw.
Who shoots her dead.
The team splits up  Mallory and Miller go   Maria and Brown are assigned to steal a boat for their escape.
Andrea and Pappadimos create a distraction.
Mallory and Miller make their way.
Locking the main entrance -- -- Miller sets obvious explosives on the guns and hides more below an elevator leading to the guns.
Sets off an alarm.
The Germans cut.
Mallory and Miller make their escape into the sea  reaching the stolen boat.
Pappadimos and Brown are dead.
Andrea is wounded.
Mallory saves him  pulling him  thus voiding the blood feud between them.
The Allied destroyers appear.
The Germans find.
The explosives planted and begin to fire on the passing Allied flotilla.
The first salvo falls short.
The second brackets the lead ship.
However   the elevator descends low enough to trigger the hidden explosives.
As the guns are prepared to fire again.
The guns and fortifications are destroyed.
Franklin hears.
The destroyers sound off their horns.
The ruined guns fall.
Andrea   decides to return to Navarone.
Who has fallen with Maria.
Mallory and Miller observe the aftermath.
<EOS>
John Simpson Kirkpatrick  aka Murphy  an English emigrant  enlists in the army in World War I and is attached to the ambulance corps.
He discovers a traitor giving information to the enemy by wireless and overcomes him.
The Australian troops land brings the wounded back from the trenches on his donkey.
He is killed while rescuing his 104th man.
A highlight was the German spy being thrown off a cliff 50 foot into the water.
<EOS>
Rajesh Malhotra is the son.
However  he is not happy.
His father does not let him live his life his way.
He escapes and reaches Europe.
Meena is the granddaughter and has secured a scholarship to study in Europe.
She travels with her aunt Shannu.
Govinda is shown getting dressed up in his car itself on the way to his office to save time.
This scene is taken from the MrBean television series.
Rajesh and Meena meet and fall.
Dhanraj Malhotra reaches Europe with assistant Sharma and discovers.
His son is.
They return back.
That Rajesh and Meena can get married.
However  destiny has something else.
He accidentally splashes sludge up quarreling.
Dhanraj is.
Turns out to be Dinanath himself.
Who  raged  refuses to Dhanraj s proposal of his son s marriage.
Dinanath s house has a problem.
They are a joint family.
Recently the servant Babu ran away.
They are now.
Rajesh.
His father did a mess up.
A servant named Raju.
Everybody has some problem or the other.
Raju solves.
Dinanath s elder son Vidya Nath is teacher  but is always late and bears the College Principal s brunt.
Raju helps him.
When he is about to be transferred.
Diannath s second son  is an insurance agent but does not have many customers.
Raju helps him.
The younger son  Pappi is a struggling music composer.
Raju makes him prepare some good music.
He uses and gets a break for a film s music.
The elder daughter  Shanno is not  so stays away from him in her father s home.
Raju makes her meet her husband and unites them again.
The younger granddaughter  Dimple is a party animal.
Raju one day saves her.
She turns.
Dinanath is impressed.
One day he finds some valuables missing.
Police arrive and find Dhanraj.
Raju and Dhanraj are insulted and are about to be taken away.
When Meena reveals Raju s true identity and the sacrifices he has been through.
Dinanath realises.
Dhanraj comes along with Rajesh in their way.
He is going along with Meena to Dhanraj s place.
Nearby sludge comes splashing  thus completing Dinanath s revenge.
Rajesh and Meena get married.
<EOS>
Arjun is an NRI.
Who lives.
Padmavathi wants Arjun to get married.
She also tells Arjun s grandfather but does not take it seriously.
Suddenly one morning  Padmavathi dies.
Arjun s grandfather feels bad  to get Arjun married.
He could nt fulfill his wife s last wish.
So he tries to convince Arjun.
Arjun refuses.
His grandfather leaves.
Where there are some people who will listen and give him respect.
Arjun finds out.
His grandfather is and flies from Germany to India to bring back his grandfather.
His grandfather only agrees to come.
If Arjun would marry.
Arjun  along  close in on three girls  Shalini  Sravani and Sandhya.
Shalini is a tennis player  Sravani is a student.
Who is pursuing MBBS.
Sandhya is women s activist.
Incidentally  all three girls happen to be Arjun s childhood friends.
Arjun poses.
Krishna to hide is identity.
Arjun first impresses Shalini.
When meeting her and her father.
Shalini s father thinks.
He makes big bucks.
However  Arjun leaves.
Next  Arjun gives a first impression.
Arjun has to go and urinates on the wall on Sandhya s house  unknowingly.
This rages Sandhya and demands he urinated on and do community service.
Arjun should replace her plants.
Finally  Arjun sees Sravani and steals her bag.
Included her cell phone.
Sravani looks but could nt find it.
She gets scolded for losing a valuable cell phone.
Just then  Arjun calls and claims.
He found her bag.
He asks her to meet her.
The same night  Arjun and Shalini go out and have a ball.
This makes.
Arjun confirm his choice.
The next day  he feels so sorry.
When Arjun goes to return the bag.
Cruel Sravani s aunt and uncle are.
Her parents died.
Her grandmother is paralyzed.
Arjun gets frustrated.
Soon later  Arjun becomes friends  after knowing.
She still has feelings.
Stuff get even complicated.
Now Arjun must make a choice.
He goes.
His grandfather tells him  you must also show love.
It s not enough just to like a person.
Arjun decides to randomly draw one.
Arjun would try to love that girl.
Whoever gets picked.
First is Sandhya.
Arjun tries to tell Sandhya.
He loves her.
Arjun calls her a tomboy.
Sandhya is very ignorant.
Sandhya slaps him.
Now he randomly draws another name and this time  it is Shalini.
But he gets a phone call.
She is.
Arjun quickly rushes to see.
Shalini and Shalini says that she has a tournament and also has a boyfriend.
Arjun gets disappointed big time and gets a call  saying.
She is.
Arjun again rushes and goes.
Finds out.
Sravani s grandmother s situation is not looking good.
There is a big crowd.
Sravani is afraid to talk up.
She fears that no one will listen.
Arjun gives her courage.
Sravani is able to speak.
He also pays.
Arjun reaches his place  he gets a call from Shalini  saying.
She was just messing.
She asks him to come.
Arjun goes.
Shalini throws the tournament.
That she can romance.
But one night  Shalini s father gets drunk and upset.
His daughter lost the competition.
Arjun gets upset too.
He was selfishly thinking only.
The next day  Arjun leaves  saying to Shalini.
She should pursue her career.
To remain an inspiration.
Arjun gives away his identity and shocks Shalini.
Shalini also wishes the best in his life.
Arjun learns.
Sravani is getting engaged in the United States.
Sravani thinks.
Her fiance is paying when Arjun was paying for it the whole time.
Now  Arjun lost all three.
He goes back and asks him to go back with him to Germany.
Arjun s grandfather gives him another idea  to choose proposals.
He already selected.
Arjun does nt like any.
There he meets.
Sandhya and Sandhya finds out that he was her childhood friend.
Sandhya proposes.
Arjun and Arjun says that yes  he will marry her.
Arjun meets Sharat  Sandhya s ex.
Arjun finds out.
Sharat still has feelings.
Arjun manages to link up Sandhya.
Both happily go their own way.
Again  Arjun lost all his choices.
Arjun goes to wishes Sravani.
Her fiance all the best.
But he overhears the groom talking.
Arjun punches him.
A huge fight happens.
Arjun s grandfather also goes.
Sravani instantly recognizes.
Who he is.
She hears Arjun calling to see him beaten.
Arjun confesses.
He is her childhood friend.
She does not believe.
She runs downstairs to embrace Arjun.
The elders also believe.
The marriage should end as he is a cheat.
The film ends  settling in Germany.
<EOS>
The film opens.
Six-Year old Gavino is attending.
His tyrannical peasant father barges in and announces.
Gavino must leave school and tend the family sheep.
Gavino passes the next fourteen years tending sheep in the Sardinian mountains.
There he begins to discover things and begins to rebel against his father.
Gavino is rescued.
When he is called.
He learns about electronics  the Italian language and classical music  yearning all the while for a university education.
He declares.
When Gavino returns home.
He will attend university.
His father is and tells him.
He will throw him out.
They have a nasty fight.
Gavino eventually attends university and emerges.
He becomes a linguist  specializing.
The film ends again.
Himself tells why he wrote his book and what Sardinian children may expect as inhabitants with close ties to the land.
<EOS>
The film revolves best friends since childhood  Jo and Kylie  enjoying the perks and high life from working in the entertainment industry.
They soon take vengeance.
Who cross their paths.
<EOS>
Marion Hastings returns Dan s cattle property in western Queensland after being away in Europe for fifteen years.
She is treated by her father s foreman  Dick Drake  and her father s neighbour  Don Lawton.
The river keeps drying up.
An English house guest  Reggie Mannister discovers.
The river is being dammed.
Marion goes to investigate.
Lawton dynamites his dam.
Marion is trapped.
Drake comes her to aid  rescues Marion and helps defeat Lawton in a whip duel.
Dick and Marion are reunited and walk off  with Marion holding the whip  literally.
<EOS>
Fighter pilot Michael Raynor is sent back in time to the year.
Raynor enlists the help.
Meanwhile he is pursued.
<EOS>
Advocate Steve Myers is a disillusioned lawyer.
Who becomes.
He quits the law business and buys a small fishing boat and takes up fishing.
His fishing boat is struck into pieces  burns and sinks.
He informs his insurance company.
Reviews and then subsequently declines his claim.
Frustrated  Steve files a claim  naming church officials as representatives of God  and thereby the respondents.
His claim is repeatedly declined.
The church leaders  their respective lawyers  as well as their insurance company get together to find a way to settle this dilemma.
Does catch the fancy.
It is.
God s representatives will have to admit that the destruction was actually God s Act  accept it  and compensate him  or deny it altogether  and thereby deny God s existence  and leave the onus on Steve to prove his claim.
<EOS>
Violette Noziere is a French teen.
Who secretly works.
Rebelling  she falls in love with a spendthrift young man.
Whom she virtually supports.
Meanwhile  her parents are informed.
She has syphilis.
Violette manages to half-persuade her suspicious mother and indulgent father.
She has somehow inherited the disease.
She tricks them into taking medicine  killing her father  her mother  however  survives.
Is actually poison.
Violette is arrested and charged.
She defends herself.
Her father had molested her.
Whether Violette is simply lying or telling a.
She is convicted and sentenced to die by guillotine.
A voiceover tells us.
Her sentence was commuted that she ultimately left prison  married  and had five children.
<EOS>
A wealthy man dresses up for a fancy dress ball  but is instead detained in a lunatic asylum.
Where they suspect him.
BFI Database entry.
<EOS>
This film depicts the restrictive social conventions.
Julie is a Christian Anglo-Indian girl  but alcoholic father and a domineering mother  a younger brother and sister.
She falls.
She has a passionate encounter.
Leaves her pregnant.
He goes away  not knowing about her condition.
Her mother is distraught.
When Julie tells her.
They do nt tell the rest.
Her mother thinks.
A devout Christian talks her out.
Julie is sent away to have her baby.
The rest is told.
Julie got a job.
Julie s mother arranges for the child to be left in an orphanage  and demands that Julie return home and forget about the baby.
Her father has died.
When she comes back home.
She is now the primary earner.
Later  she runs and tells him everything.
He asks to marry her  but his mother objects.
She blames Julie.
Julie s mother does nt want the marriage either.
It will represent a mixed-caste marriage.
She wants to return.
However  the wisdom prevails.
He confronts the mothers  prejudices  and urges both to accept the baby boy.
The film ends.
Julie s mother promising her grandson.
She will never leave him.
<EOS>
Kittu is an arts student and is madly in love with actress and film star Malika.
He has posters up and goes to all of her movies  and even fantasizes.
She is there when he is watching these items.
His father concerned  confronts Kittu on his obsession and tears down the posters.
This is almost as bad as murder and decides to move out and away to Mumbai.
Where the star  herself  lives.
Unknowing.
Where else to go he.
When uninvited  he finds a job.
Actually interacting  Kittu soon finds.
She is not the girl that he had pictured.
A simple orphan  exploited.
Kittu begins to feel sorry and even more in love.
A series lead him to the point.
Where he decides to convince her to run away.
But  Kittu soon finds it harder.
He had thought to get away.
The police are looking.
Is her family  and after a visit home Kittu s family  as well  is soon helping Malika enjoy her newfound freedom.
Things take a turn.
When Mr Mathur is taken for allegedly.
They beat Kittu and his father.
Malika turns herself in to save them.
She tells the cops.
Kittu rescued her and that her uncle is the culprit.
They tell him never to see her again.
Malika then returns home  leaving Kittu with his family and Nisha believing.
They are.
Kittu returns home as well and is devastated.
She left him.
They visit her.
She has returned .
This meeting is an uncomfortable one.
Kittu then realizes.
She believes that Kittu is going to marry Nisha.
He then runs to Malika s dressing room from the cab to tell her of his love and the fact.
She has assumed wrong.
They have a heartfelt conversation.
Malika goes on to explain.
She thinks that Nisha and Kittu have a love that she can not come.
She then asks him not to see her anymore.
He runs to tell her of this belief.
Nisha explains the situation.
She love Kittu.
Kittu has always been with Malika.
Malika and Kittu embrace to express their love.
The closing scene shows.
They get married.
Everyone was there  including his coworkers from the cafe  his family  and even Nisha.
<EOS>
During World War II  German Field Marshal Erwin Rommel and his Afrika Korps have driven the British Army into headlong retreat across North Africa toward Egypt and the vital Suez Canal.
Standing is Tobruk  a constant threat to his supply lines.
The 9th Australian Division are asked to hold the port.
Which time they are to be relieved.
The defending Allied general chooses English Captain Tammy MacRoberts  an experienced field officer  to take command.
The no-nonsense MacRoberts is disliked.
He is surprised to see his former schoolmaster  Tom Bartlett.
Barlett  an alcoholic  later explains.
He went to Australia and joined the army while intoxicated.
MacRoberts offers to transfer him.
Bartlett turns him down.
The inexperienced troops are sent directly into the front line.
The men dig foxholes and prepare.
The Allied general masses his artillery.
Where he guesses the Germans will strike.
His gamble pays off.
They attack.
Where the general predicted and head directly.
Captain Currie is wounded.
Lieutenant Harry Carstairs abandons his vital post to go  in vain.
An infuriated MacRoberts vows to have Carstairs.
The Germans are beaten back.
Bartlett persuades MacRoberts to retract his request.
MacRoberts receives a field promotion.
The general elevates him to command.
The general then decides to erode the besiegers  confidence.
MacRoberts  patrols do their part.
One day  the general worries is imminent.
The suspected location is too far away to be attacked by the usual nighttime raid.
MacRoberts proposes using trucks abandoned to drive there in disguise and blow it up.
MacRoberts leads 54 picked men.
The attack is a success  but Carstairs is killed.
MacRoberts is wounded and captured.
He meets Rommel.
He is being attended to.
Who has been shot.
MacRoberts defiantly points out.
He is respectful.
Tobruk is a thorn.
Rommel is bemused.
He be treated well.
Later   their trucks are attacked.
The prisoners are being transported.
MacRoberts and Sergeant Blue Smith get away.
They reach friendly lines.
The Australians have now held on.
The general tells his officers.
A relief column led is headed for Tobruk.
However  they need to take control.
Overlooks the road that Auchinleck must use.
The general asks MacRoberts to take his best company and hold the position.
Fearing  MacRoberts orders a retreat.
The men can take no more.
Bartlett begs him to ask the men to hang on.
To MacRoberts  surprise  the men refuse to leave.
Bartlett overcomes his self-professed cowardice.
Where survival is measured.
The Australians hear bagpipes announcing the arrival.
After the Germans bombard the hill.
The Allies have relieved Tobruk.
<EOS>
Jack and Gary steal an car and head off.
They pickup a trio - Gary s uncle Joe  a French hitchhiker and an embittered woman.
Joe drunkenly shoots a stranger.
They are chased.
The police arrest Joe and Jack and shoots Gary.
<EOS>
-LCB- -LCB- Expand section | date Differences.
Only two Reed children appear.
Lowood School/Institution is instead Lowood Orphanage.
Juian Severn does not appear.
Instead Miss Temple cuts Jane s hair as soon.
Jane arrives.
Helen Burns does not appear.
Jane is dismissed for interfering.
When Mr Brocklehurst is disciplining a girl.
Ms.
Temple expresses her concerns.
Jane comforts her saying.
She ll manage because her uncle left her.
Jane meets Mr Rochester  and scares his horse.
Adele s surname is Rochester.
Mrs Fairfax says.
Mr Rochester is her uncle.
No reference is given.
The death is cut  so Jane does not return to Gateshead Hall.
Mr Rochester and his guests do not play charades.
Mr Rochester does not disguise himself.
He gives Adele a puppy dog and Jane a book.
When Mr Rochester returns to London.
Adele calls the dog Friday.
He s black.
That s the day uncle.
Edward came home.
Rochester says.
The marriage has been annulled.
Rochester takes off by horse.
When Jane leaves Thornfield Hall.
He does not find her.
The building is.
When he returns.
Jane does not work but serves soup to poor people in a mission.
It is not revealed.
She came.
Jane s relationship is comprised to a single scene.
Where he asks her if she has definitely decided to go with him.
She has.
She wants to think it over.
When he asks her to become his wife.
She composes a note Tomorrow.
I marry John Rivers.
Then -- India  to work -- and forget.
Forgive me  Edward.
I love you  and always will.
She recognizes Sam Poole.
When serving soup.
Who reveals what happened after Jane left.
Mary and Diana do not appear.
Jane s kinship is not revealed.
Rosamond Oliver does not appear.
Jane does not inherit a fortune.
<EOS>
Seven children had aspirations for their futures.
Revisiting the neighbourhood and the children eight years later  LEst pour toujours documents the progress.
They have made.
Marianne Racine reconnected  only to find and does not speak French.
He lives.
Maxime Desjardins-Tremblay has combined work and study.
He still gets caught up.
Wishing to become a rapper.
Proulx-Roy and Jean-Roch Beauregard  having spent time  are both still seeking their paths in life.
Valerie Allard has aspirations.
Samantha Goyer has completed school.
Vanessa Dumont is the oldest of the seven.
She looks far younger  but this affects her search for both job and boyfriend.
She deals.
The film shares.
A person s future is not always determined.
<EOS>
A lighthearted vacation turns into a deadly roller-coaster ride for seven young friends in this gorefest tinged with touches of camp.
A psychopath armed stalks his prey.
There seems to be no escaping his brutal intentions.
<EOS>
An evil Qing general comes up to rid the Qing Empire once and for all of the Shaolin masters.
He invites three Northern Shaolin experts and has them fight the in a contest against three novice Southern Shaolin men already present at his mansion.
Shaolin was required to supply experts to teach the Qing troops martial arts.
The Northern Shaolin experts easily and decisively win.
The general visits the South Shaolin men in their quarters later that night and secretly kills the Southerners.
He then has his subordinate go.
The Southern master is deceived into believing.
The Northern experts killed his disciples.
This would begin an internal conflict.
It is only.
When the South Shaolin experts have their final confrontation that the general reveals himself.
The experts realize.
They have been deceived and manipulated.
Joining forces both North and South experts battle the general and his troops to allow some.
<EOS>
Ramana is all.
Who decides to abolish corruption once.
The reason is told in the flashback.
Vijayakanth is a happy professor.
And one day lose their lives.
When Vijaykanth is out to make some purchases  the entire neighbourhood collapses due.
Vijayakanth rushes Vijayan  an industrialist with the necessary proof.
When he comes to know that all this was due namely.
But the incidents makes him to form the ACF.
He faces.
15 Thasildars are found missing.
Then the police find but one gets killed.
14 have been released after 3 days.
They find some files and a tape.
These files carry details and have the words ACF written on it.
The kidnap had been done.
It is understood.
These men where the thasildars who had indulged themselves and that they were the top 15 of the list of the corrupt thasildars.
ACF sends the tape.
They shall continue the kidnap in all the departments and that the No.
1 corrupt shall be sentenced according to the law of the Anti Corruption Force.
There is fear.
They come forward to file their returns.
There are no illegal transactions done.
The corruption soon continues to sign illegal documents and accept bribes.
Meanwhile  the ACF finds.
It is Vijayan who is the real reason.
Then the kidnapping continues.
Who takes up this case.
They are put to torture.
Vijaykanth suffer  surrenders to the police and requests police to release his students.
However Ramana kills Vijayan and the very next day Ramana gets hanged by the police on the charges of several murders done by Ramana and his students.
<EOS>
Steven Schoichet is a recently unemployed neer -.
Who has difficulty expressing himself.
Steven finds.
He has a knack.
Steven s best friend is Fangora Fanny Gurkel  an aspiring punk rock singer.
Who   is just looking for her niche.
Eventually  Fanny takes a shine to klezmer music.
When she learns.
Steven discovers and decides to try impressing and winning the heart of Lorena Fanchetti.
He is able to overcome his social problems.
<EOS>
Pete is a former advertising executive living a Beatnik-Bohemian life.
Pete has turned into a cynical  misanthropic artist.
The members are seemingly aimless  indolent or melancholy while waiting for the world to end  one member lives her life in a burlap sack  with only her bare feet protruding.
One day  a wayward toucan arrives.
The toucan   carries a unique and highly contagious virus.
Stowed away from South America.
The virus causes intense feelings.
Pete and the members all catch the virus and in an outbreak of euphoria  suddenly sense a purpose in their lives.
They keep the toucan  nicknaming it Amigo.
They then decide to spread the virus.
They can.
Pete s girlfriend Liz does nt know it.
She is the only loft member immune.
Pete  also not knowing  plans to trick her.
Liz is immune.
He pretends to be the nihilist German philosopher leader  popular in the commune  and convinces Liz to let him kiss her.
She remains physically immune  but psychosomatic symptoms take over.
She responds.
The virus is quickly spread.
Rude telephone clerks are suddenly polite and understanding.
Those immune.
Are also nice  as almost.
Pete shaves  puts  and returns to his job as an advertising executive.
Pete insists  however  all the ads be honest.
Government leaders determine  residents suddenly stop buying alcohol  tobacco or drugs.
The spread threatens the economic lifeblood of New York City.
The stock exchange and business districts are threatened.
Everyone is happy and nice.
J.
Gardner Moore is sent to stop the outbreak.
He arrives wearing a spacesuit.
A cure is found.
The vaccine is dumped.
Remain nice.
Cured New Yorkers return  but those immune to the virus  and who only acted nice because others were.
Pete  now cured  desires a return.
Liz declares she can no longer live  and liked Pete better when he was sick.
Liz plans to rescue the toucan and release him once again.
The plan almost fails.
Pete shows up and realizes.
Feeling good is great.
Liz pretends to be pregnant to rescue Amigo and they all escape.
<EOS>
Ngor is a young man living.
Who wishes to marry Columba.
Ongoing drought has affected its crop of groundnuts.
Ngor can not afford the bride price for Columba.
He goes to try to earn more money and is exploited there.
He returns his experiences of the city with the other men.
The story   is told to a friend from a villager  voiced by Faye.
Shows the daily lives.
Russell  p.
.
<EOS>
Aks is a supernatural thriller centering -- Manu Verma  the cop  and Raghavan  the shadowy killer.
Raghavan is caught and   his spirit goes and starts to manipulate the cop into performing acts.
He is about to be executed.
Raghavan wanted to perform.
But he couldnt save himself.
He goes but is not able to find peace.
<EOS>
During the World War II  an American agent from the Naval Intelligence Office arrives in Shanghai to find his friend Conner recently murdered.
Determined to find out  a Nazi-sympathizer cover.
Who killed Conner and why  he begins working.
He used while stationed.
He meets Anthony Lan-Ting and Captain Tanaka  during an invitation only event.
He later befriends Anthony.
When he saves Anthony by the Chinese Resistance at a night club.
Paul realizes.
It was Mrs Lan-Ting who actually organized the attack and decides to help her pass.
Paul finds out.
Paul uncovers numerous photos   in a darkroom nearby.
Conner took.
Some include Captain Tanaka  other Japanese officers and the aircraft carrier Kaga.
Unconvinced that Sumiko betrayed Conner  he determines to find the girl and get the answers.
He seeks.
Investigating  Paul realizes and was seduced by Conner to spy for him.
Sumiko was Captain Tanaka s lover.
Paul s cover is blown.
When Conner s contact is arrested.
Paul gets interrogated.
Whose location he does not know.
Mrs Lan-Ting takes Paul to a safe house.
Where she has been hiding Sumiko  who was due to withdrawal from opium and possibly other illnesses.
Outside  Mr Lan-Ting arrives.
This confirms all  but this is the only way to save Mrs.
Tanaka informs Paul.
The Japanese fleet started attacking Pearl Harbor one hour earlier and that the invasion is also underway.
Tanaka admits.
He found out.
Everyone gets ready to leave.
Sumiko dies.
Tanaka wants to question Mrs.
Infuriates Mr Lan-Ting who guns down Tanaka s bodyguards and seriously wounds Tanaka himself.
Mr Lan-Ting is fatally wounded.
He can kill Tanaka.
Leaving  Paul drives the Lan-Tings away through the burning streets of Shanghai.
Mr Lan-Ting asks Paul to take Mrs Lan-Ting out of Shanghai.
He successfully does.
Paul and Mrs Lan-Ting encounter Tanaka once again.
Tanaka decides not to acknowledge them.
Because Paul spared his life.
It is revealed later.
Both Paul and Mrs Lan-Ting   returned to Shanghai.
<EOS>
Madhu and Shoba are lovers.
Madhu supports the Congress party.
Shoba is opposed.
They both are arrested during the freedom struggle.
Madhu is tortured and loses memory.
The movie ends from amnesia and reunion of the couple.
Producer Krishnaveni played the role.
Herself played the role.
<EOS>
Harry Lucas works in Washington  D.
C.
He has an admirer.
Who tries to woo him.
He avoids her.
He does nt feel ready.
He also has an enemy.
Who ca nt understand how Harry manages to live.
Unbeknownst  Harry relies on free trials  including romance with a sexy neighbor.
Enable him to take luxury apartments and ride  enjoying the good life.
He inadverdently destroys the newly-minted money while dumping the fudge.
Harry accidentally drops $ 50000 into a bag with Verna s fudge and leaves the mint with it.
He now fears Link and an audit.
Harry turns to Pop  a former mint employee forced into retirement.
Who misses his job and now has little to live for except the company of his pregnant beagle.
Pop agrees to help Harry sneak after hours and print up replacement currency.
Harry learns.
They will both need help to break in and print the missing $.
He has to offer a partnership to a safecracker named Dugan  a pawnbroker named Luther to pull off the heist.
Who can front expenses  a boat Captain who can navigate a secret passage through a sewer  plus several other men.
The conspirators accept an offer at first.
They decide to help Harry.
They rehearse.
He and Pop will print them a million dollars apiece.
An unexpected change forces the timing of the caper to be moved up  the group has to drop and go in immediately.
What they are doing.
Many things go wrong during the job  not the least of.
Is Pop s dog going.
Verna is also upset they were only going to replace the missing $.
When she discovers that far more money is being printed as Harry had assured her.
The group manages to leave  over seven million dollars in all  only to have it later lost.
When garbage collectors haul away the cardboard boxes containing the bills  placing them.
Harry is defeated.
He goes to confess to Link  knowing.
He likely will lose his job and be sent on a variety of felony charges.
Pop saves the day  a box.
Nonetheless when   he turns up with $ 50000 in extra bills that were printed and used to line.
Which his dog gave birth.
Harry can replace the missing currency now.
He also has a new appreciation.
<EOS>
Bugs Bunny is singing This Is My Lucky Day.
When he comes.
The producer makes Bugs climb a ladder wired.
When he gets there.
Unbeknownst  it is a hunting show starring Elmer Fudd called The Sportsman s Hour  sponsored by The French Fried Fresh Frozen Rabbit Company.
He teaches the audience.
To hunt.
He signals the cue to come up out of the hole by pushing a button to activate the fuse box.
Elmer starts shooting.
When Bugs emerges.
Bugs wo nt cooperate being shot.
Bugs takes this  but on a scale he had never imagined.
Elmer chases Bugs all over the studio.
Bugs does.
A Show called You Beat Your Wife and Bugs.
Elmer sees Bugs him.
Bugs walks off.
Elmer gets a cherry pie in his face for the show You re Asking For It.
Bugs plays.
He is playing the piano.
When Elmer comes in.
He shows piano key  calls Elmer his brother George  and tells Elmer to take the candelabra over to Mother.
When Bugs sees Elmer.
The candles are actually sticks up Elmer tattered.
Next  Bugs sends Elmer into the show.
You Were There depicting Custer s Last Stand.
Elmer comes out having been attack.
Bugs to Studio C for The Medic.
Finally Bugs  sends Elmer into a show called Fancy Dress Party  Elmer gets changed into a rabbit costume.
Bugs gets.
Bugs goes back.
Bugs then comes and gives Elmer a cigar with Groucho Marx s glasses and eyebrows.
<EOS>
Charlotte and John Weiland  along Jennie  find.
Themselves destitute after a fire claims all.
A solicitor rents them a large  remote house.
Where they attempt to recover.
Charlotte soon believes  and alienates herself by retreating to the strange yellow wallpapered attic.
Her daughter is.
The plot is unlike the actual short story making the movie adaption more of a reimagining.
<EOS>
Boxing fan Sonya Bartow and manager Pop Richardson are both impressed the first time.
They see amateur Paul Callan win a fight.
They are more amazed.
Sonya somewhat appalled.
When they discover later that Paul is deaf.
Pop agrees to train him.
Though he s still not quite.
A romantic relationship begins.
She refuses to marry Paul.
He s a champion.
She impatiently pushes Pop to set up a title fight.
If he is nt ready yet.
She uses sign language.
When a reporter  Ann Hollis  comes to interview Paul.
Sonya mocks it.
Paul explains.
He has always been reluctant to use it.
Ann begins seeing Paul socially  takes him and introduces him to her deaf father  a successful architect.
Sonya drunkenly threatens to kill Ann.
She does nt leave Paul alone.
A doctor performs an operation.
Restores Paul s hearing.
He rushes.
A party there is so noisy.
It confuses and overwhelms him.
Paul goes back and is excitedly told.
A fight s been arranged.
Paul discovers.
Sonya has hidden a telegram  explaining that a beating in the ring could cause him to again go deaf.
Sonya bets heavily to lose.
The punches cause his hearing to fade.
He absorbs.
Paul rallies to win the fight.
He reunites  and is relieved.
When he can hear her speak.
<EOS>
Chitra is a loner.
Who comes seeking employment as a teacher in a kids school.
Krishna is an aspiring director.
He comes to do a trial shoot and complete the script of his debut film.
Is a friendly Circle Inspector.
Chitra she spent a year.
Chitra and Krishna become good friends.
Chitra notices a murder.
Peeping. 
Where she could clearly see the victim.
She reports it.
They find no evidence.
Chitra doubts.
Her past mental condition is catching up again.
The rest is all about.
Whether the murder she saw was real or just a hallucination.
<EOS>
Nola travels to New York City searching for her biological father.
She spends her first night sleeping.
Her luck changes.
When she is hired.
She ends up staying.
The real owner hires Nola as her assistant for her escort service.
Things go well.
Niles  a billionaire client  has a bad session.
Niles likes to receive rough physical activity.
Wendy  one  went a little too far and sent Niles into a rage.
Niles demands Margaret rough Wendy up or else he will have it done.
Nola attempts to help.
Niles can calm down.
Niles s informants spot Wendy  no longer wearing the bruise makeup  trying to flee.
Niles responds.
Further events lead Nola closer.
Who is.
<EOS>
Brothers Walter and Danny can never seem to get along.
The boys discover.
Staying while he is away at work.
An old clockwork-driven space-themed board game called Zathura.
The two begin to play the game  the goal to be the first to reach the final space named Zathura.
The game provides a card with instructions.
The two quickly realize the cards affect reality.
They soon discover.
The house is floating.
They find.
When they try to warn Lisa.
She is frozen as a result of one of the cards.
The brother realize.
The only way to end the game and hopefully return is to reach the end space of Zathura.
The house comes by a race of aliens called Zorgons.
They continue to play  avoiding the dangers that the game s cards throw.
Another card brings.
Who goes.
Walter accuses Danny.
The brothers  tension rises.
The game reacts and ejects him out.
When Walter tries to correct it.
If Walter was cheating.
The Astronaut rescues him.
He receives a card.
Allows him to make a wish  and considers making a wish to make Danny go away.
The Astronaut quickly warns him.
He and his own brother had played the game years before.
He too had received the same card.
He wished his brother away.
This caused him to be stuck forever without a second player.
The brothers agree to work together to finish the game quickly.
Lisa wakes  and unaware of the current events  turns up the thermostat.
This causes the Zorgons to return  anchoring their ships.
The four evacuate but realize.
They have left the game downstairs.
Danny uses the house s dumbwaiter to sneak and retrieve the game.
Walter uses a robot previously brought to attack the Zorgons  and the aliens retreat.
Walter receives another wish card  he uses it to bring back the Astronaut s brother.
The brothers continue to play the game.
Turns out to be Danny.
The Astronaut explains.
He is an older Walter.
Danny and Walter touch their counterparts  causing them to disappear.
The Zorgons return with a large fleet  intent on destroying it.
Danny makes a final move to land  in space  it is revealed.
Zathura is a giant black hole that sucks up the Zorgon fleet and the house.
The three children then find themselves.
It was before they started the game  just as their father arrives home and their mother comes to pick them up.
<EOS>
Resourceful and engaging Fay Cheyney  posing  befriends Mrs Webley with the intention of stealing her pearl necklace  a plot devised by Charles  her butler and.
Complicating the situation are the romantic feelings.
She develops.
Fay is caught.
Taking the necklace.
Who threatens to expose her unless she submits.
She confesses.
Rather than compromise her principles.
Who plans to contact the police until Lord Elton  another guest  recalls Fay has a love letter he wrote her that could prove to be embarrassing.
They offer her money.
They welcome her back.
When she destroys the letter and refuses their payment.
<EOS>
Goddess Parvathi incarnates into goddess Angala Parameswari.
Order to protect the earth and restore peace and righteousness.
The movie starts namely Shankar and Kaveri  giving her a necklace.
When two families fix the marriage.
But  Lakshmana  the evil uncle wanted to have his daughter married to the boy.
Then.
Lakshmana drowns their boat  killing Kaveri s parents.
When Kaveri s parents were returning home.
But Kaveri survives and is rescued.
He then leaves the baby and goes to fetch milk to do amman s abhishek.
Meanwhile the baby  notices.
The statue has breasts.
Thinking the statue to be a woman she goes to be breastfed.
Goddess Angala parameswari appears and breastfeeds the baby.
Later on  the priest comes back and sees the baby and understands.
What happened.
Kaveri grows up and is also educated.
Years pass.
Kaveri grows up and is a great devotee of Goddess Angala parameswari.
Shankar  having become a doctor comes to the village to be married to Lakshmana s daughter.
Shankar meets Kaveri.
Meanwhile  Kalabhujanga  the villain is in search of a pure virgin s blood.
Order complete an evil ritual.
Kaveri was chosen to be the victim.
Kalabhujanga kills the groom and the news spread.
When Kaveri is about to be married.
Everyone takes kaveri to be an inauspicious girl.
Shankar was there.
He takes the Taali and goes.
Kalabhujanga does not want this to happen.
So  he attempts to kill Shankar but Goddess Angala Parameswari.
Rescues their marriage.
Lakshmana is disappointed.
When he hears that Shankar has married Kaveri.
But Shankar s father recognizes Kaveri.
He had given when she was a baby.
Lakshmana is angry and goes to see kalabhujanga to kill Kaveri.
The Demon tries to kill her.
Lakshmana s daughter becomes the target and dies.
Kaveri and Shankar have a son named Kishan.
Yet the Demon does nt want to renounce his evil plan.
He tries everything to kill Kaveri  Shankar and their son.
But  goddess Angala parameswari rescues them every time.
Kalabhujanga tries his last attempt.
Kalabhujanga sends a tornado and brings the family.
The family is to the temple.
Goddess Angala Parameswari is bound.
Meanwhile  Kaveri is possessed and tries to kill Kishan.
But  Goddess Angala Prameswari succeeds and takes out Kalabhujanga from the body of Kaveri.
Yet the demon does not want to renounce.
He multiplies himself and confuses the goddess.
Lord Shiva and Mother Parvathi combine their forces.
When Angala Parameswari can not slay him.
Goddess Angala Parameswari expands her size and makes.
All the replicas disappear leaving the real one all alone.
Then Angala Parameswari binds Kalabhujanga and crushes him under her foot.
The movie ends.
<EOS>
The Divine Woman is adapted by Gladys Unger.
Starred Doris Keane.
The plot is loosely based.
Marianne is a poor French country girl.
Who goes to seek her fortune as an actress.
She must choose.
She rises.
The first is Lucien  a poor but passionate young soldier.
Who deserts the army to be and goes to jail after stealing a dress to give her.
Her other suitor is Henry Legrand  a wealthy middle-aged Paris producer.
Who offers her fame and fortune.
<EOS>
The Stooges are stage hands.
Who also have small parts.
They quickly get.
K.
Doaks  panned and wants to put on a good show with.
Who has had his last several plays.
What he has.
He commissions the boys to stop him.
Order to prevent Barker.
They fail to do.
B.
K.
Reprimands the Stooges and demands they get the props ready.
Moe is reminded.
He forgot to go shopping.
It is also late.
The stores are closed  so the Stooges have to whip up a cake and salad to appease B.
K.
And save the show.
However   Shemp accidentally tosses a pot holder  resulting in Moe unintentionally adding it into the cake.
The cake is being prepared.
As Southern Gentlemen  all propose to Janie Belle at once.
She proposes a contest.
Whoever eats the most gets her hand in marriage.
However  the cake is difficult to eat.
All the actors begin coughing up feathers  causing all in attendance to start laughing uproariously.
B.
K.
Is mortified and cues the curtain down  and copious amounts of punch to quell the feathers in their mouths  B.
K.
Tears. 
However   Barker thinks and commends the Stooges  performance before asking to see B.
The play is a hilarious satire.
K.
S next work.
B.
K.
Then claims.
The next work will star the Stooges.
The boys are redeemed.
<EOS>
Holy Weapon presents the story.
Who are recruited to challenge the threat posed.
Swordfighting  sorcery  mistaken identities and gender bending abound.
<EOS>
London Hospital surgeon Frederick Treves discovers John Merrick.
Where he is managed.
Merrick is deformed.
He must wear a hood and cap when he is an imbecile.
Treves is professionally intrigued and pays Bytes to bring him to the Hospital.
That he can examine him.
There  Treves presents Merrick  displaying him as a physiological curiosity.
Treves draws attention.
Compels him to sleep upon his knees  as the weight of his skull would asphyxiate him if he were to ever lie down.
Bytes beats him severely enough.
A sympathetic apprentice alerts Treves  who returns him.
Bytes accuses Treves.
What he can to help the unfortunate man.
The ward nurses are horrified  so Treves places him in a quarantine room under the watchful care of the formidable matron  Mrs Mothershead.
Mr Carr-Gomm  the hospital s Governor  is reluctant to house Merrick.
The hospital is not designed.
To persuade Carr-Gomm  Treves coaches him to recite a few polite phrases.
Merrick has potential.
Carr-Gomm sees.
Both men are astonished to hear Merrick recite the 23rd Psalm.
He walks away.
Shocked  Carr-Gomm allows Merrick to remain.
Merrick is gradually revealed to be sophisticated and articulate.
Carr-Gomm arranges a suite to reside in at the hospital.
Merrick passes his days reading  drawing and making a model.
One day  Treves brings him to take afternoon tea at home together.
Merrick  overwhelmed.
He perceives.
She would love him if she could only see what lovely friends he now has.
Later  Merrick begins to receive society visitors  including the celebrated actress Madge Kendal.
He becomes a popular object to high society.
Mrs Mothershead complains to Treves.
He is still being treated  albeit in a more upper class  celebrated style.
This observation deeply trouble him.
He begins to question.
Whether or not he has done the right thing.
And  the Night Porter secretly makes money.
Merrick is treated well.
Threatened dissent indefinitely is overturned.
The necessary funds have been arranged.
But Merrick is then returned.
When Bytes gains access during one of the Night Porter s late-night viewings.
Bytes abducts Merrick.
Where he is once again put and subjected to cruelty and neglect.
Treves  consumed  takes action against the night porter with the help of Mrs Mothershead.
Merrick escapes  and makes it back to London.
However  he is harassed  and accidentally knocks down a young girl.
He is chased  unmasked  and cornered.
Which point he cries out.
He is reinstated.
When the police return Merrick.
He recovers a little.
It is soon clear.
He is dying.
Mrs Kendal arranges an evening at the musical theatre.
Resplendent  he rises in the Royal Box to an ovation  having had the performance dedicated to him from Mrs Kendal.
That night   Merrick thanks Treves for all.
He has done and finishes his model.
Imitating one on the wall -- a sleeping child -- he removes the pillows  lies down on his bed and dies  consoled by a vision of his mother  Mary Jane Merrick  quoting Alfred Lord Tennyson s Nothing Will Die.
Have allowed him to sleep.
<EOS>
William Adamson  a poor naturalist  returns home after having spent years along the Amazon River studying all kinds of animals  mainly insects.
William is penniless  having lost all his possessions.
Nevertheless he manages to befriend Sir Harald Alabaster  an amateur insect collector and botanist.
Sir Harald hires William to catalog his specimen collection and teach his younger children the natural sciences  assisting their governess  Matty.
He becomes enamored.
Who is still mourning the suicide.
William and Eugenia quickly fall and decide to marry.
Their ceremony is shown.
Sir Harald and his wife Lady Alabaster eagerly grant their approval.
Eugenia s older brother Edgar takes an intense dislike  never passing up the opportunity to pick fights with him or to remind him of his humble working class background  You re not one of us.
Eugenia produces five children in quick succession.
She insists.
William never warms  instead spending his time studying a colony of red ants with Matty and various children of the house.
He writes a book.
Is quickly accepted.
One day   William is summoned back to the house by a servant boy.
Who claims that Eugenia wishes to speak.
He walks.
They are engaging.
Eugenia then confesses.
She and Edgar had been having sex and that her fiance committed suicide after discovering this.
Eugenia also tells William.
Even though she knew it was wrong to have sex with her brother  it did not quench her desire to do it.
William then tells Eugenia.
The children  were fathered in any case.
He is now convinced.
However  he does promise not to tell Sir Harald the real reason.
The truth would injure the old man s health.
William   opens up to her.
He has become quite close during the years.
She does admit.
She denies having sent the servant.
She knew that Eugenia had with Edgar and that the other servants knew as well.
William then tells Matty.
Matty reveals.
She has booked two tickets.
William is initially reluctant both to go  despite his attraction to Matty  he does not feel.
The rain forest is a suitable place.
William acquiesces.
She promises to help him  and reveals that she loves him.
The movie ends.
<EOS>
A family led sets out for the frontier west via the Erie Canal  the west at this time being the Illinois country.
They meet mountain man Linus Rawlings.
Who is traveling east to trade his furs.
He and Zebulon s daughter Eve are attracted.
Linus is not ready to settle down.
Linus stops.
Linus is betrayed.
When he accompanies pretty Dora Hawkins.
She stabs him and pushes him into a deep hole.
Fortunately  he is not seriously wounded  and is able to rescue the Prescott party.
The bushwhacking thieves   are dispatched with rough frontier justice.
Whether You want em or not.
Their raft is caught.
Linus  finding  reappears and marries her.
He can not live.
Though she insists.
Eve s sister Lilith chooses to go.
Louis  work performing.
Where she finds.
She attracts the attention.
To avoid paying his debts  Cleve joins the wagon train taking her there.
He and wagonmaster Roger Morgan court her.
She turns them  much to the dismay of her new friend and fellow traveler Agatha Clegg.
Who is searching.
Surviving an attack  Lilith and Cleve arrive at the mine  only to find.
It is now worthless.
Cleve leaves.
Lilith returns to work  living out of a covered wagon.
Morgan finds her and again proposes marriage.
She tells him  No  not ever.
Later  Lilith is singing.
Cleve is a passenger.
He leaves the poker table to propose  telling her of the opportunities waiting in the rapidly growing city of San Francisco.
When he hears Lilith s voice.
She accepts.
Linus joins the Union army.
Their son Zeb eagerly enlists as well  looking for glory and an escape from farming.
Corporal Peterson assures them the conflict wo nt last very long.
The bloody Battle shows Zeb Linus dies there.
War is nothing like he imagined and  unknown  his father.
He encounters a similarly disillusioned Confederate.
Who suggests deserting  to which Zeb agrees.
However   they overhear a private conversation between Generals Ulysses S.
Grant and William Tecumseh Sherman.
The rebel realizes.
To stab and kill him.
Afterwards  Zeb rejoins the army.
He returns home  only to find.
When the war finally ends.
His mother has died.
She had lost the will to live.
Linus had been killed.
Zeb gives his share farm to his brother.
Who is more tied  and leaves in search of a more interesting life.
Open up new territory to eager settlers.
Zeb becomes a lieutenant.
S.
Cavalry  trying to maintain peace with the help of grizzled buffalo hunter Jethro Stuart  an old friend of Linus.
The Arapaho Indians retaliate.
When ruthless railroad man Mike King violates a treaty.
Disgusted  Zeb resigns and heads.
An entire subplot starring Hope Lange  a love interest of Zeb  was edited out.
Widowed Lilith s auctions off her possessions to pay her debts.
She travels  inviting Zeb and his family to oversee her remaining asset  a ranch.
Zeb  his wife Julie and their children meet Lilith.
However  Zeb also runs there  outlaw Charlie Gant.
It is revealed.
Zeb killed Gant s brother.
Zeb turns.
When Gant makes veiled threats.
Gant is not wanted  so there is little.
Ramsey can do.
Zeb decides.
He has to act rather than wait to make good his threat to show up someday.
Suspecting Gant  he prepares an ambush with Ramsey s reluctant help.
Gant and his entire gang are killed.
Lilith and the Rawlings family travel to their new home.
A short epilogue shows modern Los Angeles and San Francisco.
<EOS>
Charles Corky Withers has just failed at professional magic.
His mentor says.
He needs to have a better show business gimmick.
A year later  Corky comes back.
A combination magician and ventriloquist named Fats and is a huge success.
His powerful agent Ben Greene is.
Corky bails out.
Where he grew up  claiming to be afraid.
He does not want to take the TV network s required medical examination.
Doctors might find out that he suffers  and that even off-stage he can not control Fats.
He reunites with his high-school crush  Peggy Ann Snow.
Who is stuck from high school  Duke.
A magic trick charms Peg into thinking.
They are soulmates.
She and Corky make love  but also the dummy Fats.
Sparks the jealousy not only of Peggy s tough-guy husband.
Greene arrives unexpectedly  having tracked Corky down.
Where Greene discovers the truth.
Corky get help.
Fats  however  convinces Corky to kill Greene.
Corky does this.
He then removes all and drags the corpse to the lake.
However  Greene suddenly lunges.
When Corky tries to dispose.
Corky   manages to drown Greene.
The next morning  Fats becomes even more possessive and jealous.
When Corky says that he plans to leave Fats behind so that he and Peggy can honeymoon.
Duke returns.
He suspects.
His wife cheated and wants to have a talk with Corky on the lake.
Duke awkwardly confides to Corky.
Rather than confront him.
He loves Peggy and is worried.
Duke suddenly spots a dead body.
They row.
Duke  believing  sends Corky to get help.
It could still be alive.
Duke finds.
The man is indeed dead.
Curious  he decides to search Corky s cabin.
Fats kills him.
An increasingly deranged Corky manages to pull himself together and persuade Peg to run away.
But she insists.
She thinks.
Everything is fine until Fats comes alive and reveals that Corky s card trick is only a ruse he uses to seduce women  and that Peg is only the latest.
Repulsed  she rejects Corky and locks herself.
Fats says.
On  he will make the decisions in Corky s life.
He immediately asserts this new authority.
Corky  turning and using Fats  voice  apologizes to Peggy from in front of her locked door.
A short while later  Corky returns  Fats seems pleased.
It is revealed that the blood is Corky s  having committed suicide so that he wo nt kill anyone else.
Fats also feels faint.
They wonder.
Will die first.
Moments later  Peggy returns  happily calling out.
She has changed her mind and has decided to run away after all.
<EOS>
The movie follows the incestuous relationship.
They are shown to bathe together  sleep together and engage as well.
She is jealous of his suggestive relationship with his customers  mostly little girls.
The film works  depicting a man confused about his sexual identity  and the overprotecting mother.
Abuses him while she   seeks to relive the days of her youth.
Bobby kills his mother and dresses up like her.
<EOS>
Edvard  and his wife and Queen  Dr Paige Morgan  find time to fly to Belavia for their secret honeymoon.
They spend their Christmas holidays.
Eddie and Paige discover.
They take a tour.
The evil Prime Minister Polonius has given orders to bulldoze the precious forests - to drill.
Then  the couple bump.
Eddie immediately becomes jealous - furthermore he suspects.
Scott can not be trusted.
Paige and Eddie must do everything.
They can to save the forest  even if it means putting aside their honeymoon.
<EOS>
Twenty-four-year-old Slobodan Milosevic seemingly has the world.
Growing up as the only child in a well-off and respected nomenklatura family  he s an exemplary young man in his own right.
Studying while dating beautiful  smart  and similarly upwardly mobile Masa  the daughter of an influential communist Serbian politician father and a free-spirited Slovenian mother  Slobodan s an attentive boyfriend and a considerate son.
The opening scene has Slobodan listening.
Respecting his parents  orders are coming over for a visit.
The two young lovebirds are having a traditional courtship  frequently socializing.
Slobodan exercises restraint  insisting  suggesting one night  the high school graduation gift.
When it comes.
The best place is - a married couple s bed  Masa on the other hand is occasionally feeling adventurous.
They do it.
Slobodan agrees.
She placed an intrauterine device in her genitalia as a contraceptive.
Driving around one morning  Slobodan picks up a female hitchhiker.
Who turns out to be a foreigner.
Her name is Clavis.
She s a French-speaking Swiss national.
Who s visiting Yugoslavia.
They hit it off and arrange to meet again.
He drops her off.
Satisfied  Slobodan drives off listening to Paraf s Perspektiva.
Another day he takes her  they discuss art  history  Leni Riefenstahl  Jean-Luc Godard  avant-garde  etc.
Followed. 
Where she fellates him.
Slobodan has some tough explaining to do.
Masa s friend saw him go.
Discovering a hickey serves as the ultimate proof of his infidelity for Masa.
She hits him on the head with a paddle.
He losses consciousness momentarily.
He gets and swims across.
When he comes.
He impulsively runs all the way to Hotel Slavija in downtown Belgrade looking for Clavis  but is stopped and thrown out by the hotel security.
Slobodan is now determined and ready and marks this by going to the barber to get a haircut and shave off his bushy beard.
Pekinska Patka s Bolje da nosim kratku kosu is playing.
This is just the beginning.
The blow seems to have caused a major change inside it.
He stops coming home  and Masa.
Of which alarms his parents.
Who report him missing.
He s reduced to spending the night in sleeping bag on benches at the train station.
The police picks him up there  mistaking him.
The inspector calls his mother.
Who comes to take him home.
Once there  more antagonism awaits and gets physical upon seeing aloof Slobodan relieve himself in the bathroom sink with a devil-may-care attitude.
Slobodan slaps him back  Do nt you ever do that again  daddy.
The father throws him out and on the way out Slobodan takes his own Volkswagen and drives off.
His reckless behaviour continues.
He shows up late one night  but gets informed by her mother that she went to Greece with her father for a holiday.
Slobodan puts the moves on his girlfriend s mother and soon ends up sleeping with her.
The mature woman initially somewhat objects  but eventually submits herself gladly.
The next morning she makes him breakfast-in-bed  puts  and initiates.
The this ca nt continue talk to which he starts laughing hysterically before calling her a menopausal whore whose daughter is nt much better and leaving her angry and in tears.
He pops with Sarlo Akrobata s Niko kao ja and starts masturbating before pulling over.
He drives away.
He s about to climax.
He soon sells the car.
Order to buy a motor bike.
Slobodan is also getting  watching bands at SKC.
He picks up Ljubica.
Who takes him back by slapping her face several times as Prljavo kazaliste s Neka te nista ne brine is blasting on her stereo.
She makes a suggestion.
He form a band and promises to put him.
She takes him to a hipster party -  the live band VIS Idoli are playing Schwule uber Europa - and introduces him to Pit.
They enter the private apartment where the party takes place.
Who likes Slobodan s lyrics.
<EOS>
An odd-but-gifted poet  Evan Merck makes his living writing suicide notes.
So  Evan has no choice.
When he meets Charlotte  the free-spirited sister.
To lie to her late  lamented brother.
Curiously attracted  a smitten Charlotte begins her pursuit  forcing Evan to juggle an amorous new girlfriend  a sarcastic new client and an ever-increasing mountain of lies.
<EOS>
Three New Yorkers respond to a new tragedy.
June Sickles Fiorilli lost her firefighter son and now lives with her granddaughter Quinn  not far from the very firehouse home.
Her boy called.
Walter Hartwig is the lieutenant.
A jumbo jet crashes into Kennedy Airport  intertwining him to June and music teacher Catrina Hampton  who is awaiting the arrival of her twin sister.
<EOS>
An errant champagne cork renders college engineering professor Robert Kearns almost completely blind in his left eye.
A decade later  he is happily married.
The constant movement irritates his troubled vision.
He drives his Ford Galaxie.
The incident inspires him to create a wiper blade mechanism modeled.
Blinks every few seconds.
Kearns converts his basement into a laboratory and develops a prototype.
He tests before installing it in his car.
He patents his invention and demonstrates it.
Who had been working without success.
Kearns refuses to explain.
His mechanism works until he hammers out a favorable deal.
Impressed  executive Macklin Tyler asks him to prepare a business plan detailing the cost of the individual units.
Robert intends to manufacture himself.
To be sufficient commitment.
He plans to use ahead.
He presents Ford.
It requested along  then waits for their response.
Time passes.
He begins placing phone calls.
When nobody contacts Robert.
Are never returned.
Frustrated  Kearns attends a Ford dealers convention.
Which the latest model is unveiled  promoting the intermittent wiper as a selling point.
Realizing  Robert begins his descent so deep.
The company has used his idea.
He boards a Greyhound bus and heads.
C.
Find legal recourse.
Where he apparently hopes.
Instead  Maryland state troopers remove him and escort him to a mental hospital.
Where he is treated.
Finally released  he returns home a broken man  determined to receive public acknowledgement.
When doctors decide his obsession has subsided.
Thus begins years.
He becomes estranged.
Kearns represents himself.
Attorney Gregory Lawson withdraws  because Robert refuses to settle.
Eventually his ex-wife and offspring support him.
Toward the end  Ford offers Kearns a $ 30 million settlement  but with no admission of wrongdoing.
He decides to leave his fate.
Who determine that Ford infringed his patents.
The infringement was not deliberate.
The jury awards him $.
1 million.
The closing credits indicate.
Robert later wins an $.
7 million judgement as well.
<EOS>
The plot concerns Maurice  an elderly actor.
Who finds himself increasingly attracted Ian s great-niece Jessie while simultaneously finding himself in deteriorating health due to prostate cancer.
Maurice s friend describes the.
Maurice discovers.
Jessie warms up when he starts interacting with her.
He takes her to view his favourite painting  the Rokeby Venus  by the Spanish artist Diego Velazquez.
Jessie had expressed interest.
Maurice arranges to model nude for an art class.
Maurice decides to give Jessie the nickname Venus.
Maurice and Jessie develop a passive/aggressive relationship.
Maurice is forward.
Jessie occasionally indulges his whims  but also retracts the indulgences when she feels that he has gone too far.
The plot revolves around the evolving friendship or relationship between the two characters.
This appears to be the last attempt at something approaching a love life.
His prostate operation has left him impotent.
It is less clear.
What she sees.
We see.
Her do everything.
We learn  it is implied.
She has been rejected for her promiscuous life style.
She is drawn because he does not judge her as harshly as her family members have.
The plot comes.
When Jessie becomes involved.
The two young lovers convince Maurice to take a walk.
That they can have sex.
Maurice initially obliges the request  but returns to kick them out.
A scuffle ensues and Jessie knocks  injuring him.
Jessie leaves and apparently spends the night out partying with him at clubs  later returning to check on Maurice.
Maurice claims.
When the paramedics arrive.
He can not remember who attacked him  much.
Then Maurice calls to take care of him.
Jessie  remorseful  agrees to look.
Some time later   he takes Jessie.
Maurice has at least partly recovered.
We can really talk  and dies  leaning.
They sit down.
<EOS>
The story begins.
The house   is very clearly fake.
Is shown.
Lends itself.
A caller  Willene Cassidy  pays a visit.
Who is very drunk.
She insists.
She make herself presentable before she answers the door.
This takes a very long time.
She makes a bad job.
She makes herself vomit by putting her fingers down her throat.
Finally  having retrieved her wig.
Where it fell.
Willene is shocked and insist on giving her a bath.
Willene explains.
Her husband is a very famous country music star  Simon Cassidy  whose music is heard during the later scene and is terrible.
Willene unintentionally masturbates Mrs Hammond.
It is also revealed.
Mr Hammond died and that their son no longer exists.
More and more visitors appear from the storm.
The night goes on.
Is Chandler  widower of the incredibly wealthy Sarah Lou Phillips.
The House owns the largest girdle factory in the United States.
Their popularity is such.
Few American women are.
Chandler relates the story.
She burned at a cocktail party.
Where there was a freak accident.
Her girdle caught fire.
This caused burning rubber to envelop her head.
Finally she fell dead.
This causes Chandler to have a bizarre sexual dysfunction.
They would invariably prove to be owners.
Initially attracted.
He would be reminded and would not be able to maintain an erection.
When they took off their clothes.
He had been having sex with other men.
They do nt wear girdles that would remind him.
Rather strangely   Chandler is being fellated by Sash and has no apparent erectile problems.
Chandler and Sash   discover and kept them.
Mrs Hammond had pickled the remains.
She tells.
Who had been working one day and got covered with grain dust.
A swarm dived on him to eat the dust and in the process devoured much of Mr Hammond s body.
Many of the guests have sex with each other in various combinations.
There are a great many sex toys.
Mrs Hammond explains.
Her son collected them.
They would be delivered.
She would take with his morning breakfast.
This causes her to wistfully repeat.
He no longer exists.
One  a man named Toydy  becomes obsessed with finding the key to a locked door in the house.
One finds the key but will not give it to Toydy.
He agrees to ejaculate.
Toydy agrees and manages to stay aroused by watching Bond and Willene have sex.
The final human guest arrives in an agitated state.
He had come.
He explains and is likely to kill anyone.
Medusa is extremely dangerous.
She comes across.
It is revealed.
Bing himself is the cause.
His circus-mates  having got Bing drunk  convinced him to have sex.
Bing is too drunk to say no.
The next morning  he awakens.
The act is being carried out by Medusa  who now has a severe crush on him.
She soon realises and becomes enraged.
Her feelings are not being reciprocated.
However  subsequent mistreatment causes these feelings to spread to women as well.
The only way to calm Medusa is.
Toydy  having watched  decides to lie.
Bond and Willene have sex.
Order to have sex.
Toydy says.
He has a crate and will give them to Bond if he will have sex with him.
Bond considers this carefully   but agrees on the strength.
He and Willene can use the bananas to escape the murderous primate.
Bond takes it in his stride and tells Willene.
He had to be broken.
He jokes.
If things do nt work out  he can always try for her husband.
Meanwhile  Toydy having gained the key earlier opens it with Roo to discover Prairie Blossom s terrible secret.
The fate of Roo and Toydy is unknown to the others.
Chandler and Sash leave together  he likes to sleep around too much to really settle down.
Do Bond and Willene  though Bond tells her.
Bing has married Medusa.
He wore the wedding dress.
Mrs Hammond  alone containing her husband  proposes a toast to love  and pours Mr Hammond s drink into his jar.
<EOS>
The film takes place.
Where new student  Violet Jacobs  finds herself dealing.
She recruits the help  and editor of the paper  Cornelia Nixon.
When things go bad.
Together they create.
A tabloid called THE TATTLER.
It has stories.
But things take a turn.
When power hungry Cornelia writes a false story.
The story ends she had long ago.
When the tabloid is crushed.
Then a retraction is published.
Who got hurt.
The film is a modern-day interpretation by George Orwell  but with a different ending  as referenced in one of the final scenes of the movie.
<EOS>
Shukichi Sugiyama works.
His eldest daughter Takako   is staying with him  running away from an unhappy marriage.
Takako s younger sister Akiko searches.
Akiko meets its proprietress Kikuko.
Looking in a mahjong parlour.
Who knows a lot.
Akiko meets Kenji and tells him she is pregnant.
She arranges to meet Kenji but he does not come.
She is picked up.
Takako pieces together and visits the parlour to ask Kikuko not to reveal.
Kikuko is their long-lost mother.
Who she really is.
Akiko has an abortion but does not tell Takako  borrowing the money.
Akiko learns.
Takako visited the mahjong parlour.
She works out.
Kikuko is their mother  who ran away when Akiko was still a toddler.
Akiko suspects.
She is not her father s real daughter.
She confronts Kikuko.
Kikuko tells her.
She is her father s daughter.
She breaks and leaves.
She goes and drinks heavily.
Kenji appears and tries to apologize.
Akiko hits him and runs out  and is hit just outside the restaurant.
The restaurant owner stays.
Shukichi and Takako arrive.
Akiko says.
She does not want to die  but start life over again.
Takako visits Kikuko and tells  and blames Kikuko.
Her Akiko is dead.
Kikuko decides to leave Tokyo.
She goes to pay condolences.
Takako does not let her.
Takako does not go to send her off.
Takako tells her father.
She is going back to try to make their marriage work again because she does not want her daughter to become like Akiko.
Shukichi leaves for work  with Takako not present.
<EOS>
Al McCord is hanging out.
When he meets an attractive young woman  Ellie  who is looking into the Mojave Desert  where her mother Julie lives.
Al discovers romance despite the nearby presence of her boyfriend Boyd.
Who seems likely to go berserk.
Strange events follow.
It s up to find an explanation.
Al s car develops a flat tire.
He opens the trunk.
He discovers an apparent dead body.
Al heads.
When he is interrupted.
The confusion created allows Al to escape unhurt.
Back home  Al is visited  followed by Julie.
Unknown  his car is being stolen.
Outside they notice Boyd and flee.
Boyd arrives  taking the women back to Mojave and locking them in a shed.
After Al leaves to search.
Al and actor buddy Sal mount a rescue mission but are themselves knocked out.
Kaiser  still alive  arrives back.
Boyd drives off in the car atop his truck  intending on tipping the car and passengers over the edge of a quarry.
They eventually escape uninjured.
Boyd plummets.
Ellie returns.
Al remains.
<EOS>
The story begins.
He explains.
There are only six members  since the former lead singer  only named as Allard  quit last week  but that their new manager  Casey Donovan could help make Suburban Legends a household name.
Cut.
Who is trying to get the attention to Suburban Legends.
Gavin agrees to see the band next week.
This does nt seem to be an issue.
Who finds it much more important to design a new button.
Casey goes to make sure.
The band is allowing auditions.
The audition is revealed to be a game  except with the colors replaced with condiments  such as relish and Nutella.
Some are shown having minor conflicts with Mike.
Who uses Phil s lucky rag to clean up the mess  and tries to convince Luis to stop living in the past by watching old concert performances.
Phil clearly has a crush.
Derek believes.
Phil is nt mature enough to start dating.
Phil denies having a crush.
Casey announces.
Gavin Hilshire is coming to see the band next week.
Brian leaves.
A discouraged Brian Klemm laments.
Not even Hilary can lift -LSB- his -RSB- spirits.
Vince Walker arrives   as soon as possible after getting a text message from Brian Klemm reading.
He was injured  but finds that Brian meant to send it to a girl who was nt calling him back  but accidentally sent it to the band instead.
Derek explains and was Brian Klemm s best friend.
Vince was the band s trumpet player two years ago.
He quit to further his education.
Vince is  and is confused as to.
The documentary film crew is following him.
The band s internal conflicts worsen.
Where they break up as Vince undergoes his interview  which does not go well.
Casey tries not to care.
Brian Klemm has started a gym.
Which he is a condescending personal trainer.
Brian Robertson returns as an employee at Boba Joe s.
Where he claims he is often recognized.
A customer walks into the business  and recognizes him as the guy.
Who makes great mango tangos.
Brian tries to get the fan to notice.
Who he is.
Brian shows interest.
He asked Vince to recommend him at his school  to which Vince  trying to get the band s attention  replies with a text message proudly exclaiming that he s getting circumcised and to meet at the usual place to celebrate.
The band meets up.
Where Luis works.
Vince tells the band.
He wants to rejoin the band  while Brian Klemm shows disappointment that there is not going to be a circumcision.
The band unanimously votes.
To let Vince rejoin the band  and that the band will remain together if they get signed.
Vince s girlfriend  Trisha  is angered for joining the band.
Trisha is angered.
Is under the impression.
Vince would rather be than have a penis.
Vince tries to convince Trisha.
If the band gets signed  they ll be able to make a living.
She agrees.
The band practices Mean Girl.
Brian Klemm can.
Arriving late.
Luis appearing to pluck a pubic hair and placing it an a Trisha s food.
When she and Vince go to eat  among other things.
Trisha shows up.
Vince has nt returned home yet.
She and Brian Klemm get.
Vince  needing time  leaves.
Vince gets a call.
Who still wants to hire him.
He does nt want to turn down the job  or he ll let his girlfriend down.
He also does nt want to let the band down.
The band is waiting.
Who has nt shown up.
Luckily Vince arrives  ready to play the show.
The band plays Hey DJ  with.
Who appears to be Gavin Hilshire.
The band runs backstage  cheering  happy to see Gavin.
Gavin walks in  congratulates the band  and asks Brian Robertson to go talk.
The band celebrates  and thanks Casey.
Who apologizes that Gavin did nt show up.
Mikey tells her he s talking.
Who runs  agitated and disturbed.
It turns out the man was Sam Freek  a wanted band stalker.
They thought.
Gavin was actually.
The band  however  agrees to stay together and invite Gavin.
Vince decides to pass and permanently stay with Suburban Legends.
<EOS>
The film is set.
Britain prepares when John Standing  a teacher who is out of work  meets his Doppelganger Johnny Spence  a failed businessman in a hotel.
Drinking together Standing finds himself the next morning stolen and Spence gone.
Collected  he is taken to the Spence home.
Who he really is.
The family glass business is failing.
The only money available is.
Pays out only if Spence s wife has a male heir or she predeceases him.
Spence returns to reclaim his life amazed Standing is still there.
Spence manipulates his wife.
She will die so he can claim the trust fund and save the glass business.
She willingly submits  sacrificing herself to save her family and family business.
Standing finds her barely alive  she is hospitalized  and survives.
Standing confronts Spence  a struggle ensues.
Spence is killed.
Standing decides to remain.
<EOS>
The film takes place somewhere in Florida in the United States.
Where a local tourist spot has become plagued.
Little do  the monster is the product -- a genetic hybrid mutated from a common octopus and the prehistoric superpredator Dunkleosteus.
They know.
Unfortunately  the creature has broken loose  and is now feeding swimming or sailing along the coast.
And  the monster is only an infant  and will continue to grow.
It is left much longer.
A team led by a scientist named Peter and his colleague  Dr Stella Dickens are trying to find the creature and stop it  but a group of military scientists are trying to stop them.
The experiment was classified.
It is military business.
Both groups are slowly picked off.
They try to track it down.
They eventually find and manage to corner it and kill it with repeated blasts from flamethrowers.
It is hiding.
Peter tells Stella.
He has finally decided to take a vacation.
He tells her the mountains.
When she asks where they are going.
The ending is a freeze frame shot.
<EOS>
Jacqueline De Bellefort introduces her fiance  Simon Doyle  in the hope.
Linnet will give him a job.
Instead  Linnet marries Simon herself.
They head off.
A bitter Jacqueline follows them  appearing.
Wherever they go.
Hercule Poirot is also.
He is approached.
Staying. 
Who is getting tired.
Poirot does nt accept the job.
He believes that Jacqueline has been treated shamefully.
He nevertheless tries to warn Jacqueline.
She ignores his warning and joins their cruise.
Linnet Doyle comments.
She is surrounded  as some of the other travellers are also known to her.
They include Andrew Pennington  her American trustee.
Who has orchestrated their ` coincidental  meeting in order for her to sign some legal documents.
Linnet has also upset her maid Louise.
Rosalie Otterbourne and aristocrat-turned-Marxist Mr Ferguson take an instant dislike.
Miss Van Schuyler admires Linnet s pearls.
Tim Allerton has a history.
When precious jewels have been stolen.
One night   Jacqueline and Simon have an argument.
Most have retired to their cabins.
Jacqueline becomes hysterical  pulls a pistol and shoots Simon in the leg.
The two guests  fetch Dr Bessner and keep an eye.
Who witness the shooting  Mr Ferguson and Cornelia Robson.
Dr Bessner tends.
The next morning Linnet Doyle is found dead.
Her pearl necklace and Jacqueline s pistol are both missing.
She has a perfect alibi  having been sedated and watched all night.
Jacqueline is a natural suspect.
Linnet s husband  Simon Doyle  was also unable to commit the crime due.
Poirot sets out to solve the murder.
The maid Louise Bourget is murdered.
Conducting their investigations.
Poirot realises.
She probably saw the murderer coming out and attempted to extort money in return for her silence.
Rosalie s mother Salome Otterbourne sees Louise s murderer and is about to tell Poirot.
When she is shot through an open cabin door.
The missing pearls are returned.
Who has recovered them.
They are discovered to be a paste replica.
Poirot later reveals.
Fake pearls were substituted.
Poirot reveals.
Various suspects are eliminated.
Simon Doyle murdered his wife.
They staged Simon s shooting  leaving him free.
The doctor was being fetched.
Jacqueline attended by Cornelia Robson.
Simon was left alone to shoot Linnet  return to the lounge and shoot himself in the leg.
Jacqueline killed the maid and Salome Otterbourne.
Who were both witnesses.
It is revealed.
Simon s marriage had been cleverly plotted in order to gain her money.
Jacqueline shoots Simon and then herself.
When they realise the evidence is.
Colonel Race accuses Poirot.
Jaqueline has a second pistol.
Poirot answers.
It is not as simple as that The story ends happily.
<EOS>
This psychological thriller tells the story  one loving and nice.
The other severely disturbed.
A doctor is killed.
Witnesses identify one as the person seen having a quarrel with the victim shortly before his death.
A detective investigating the case can not determine.
Twin did the killing since each can provide an alibi.
The cops ask from a doctor.
Who studies twins to help crack the case.
<EOS>
Unni has many debts and no way to repay them.
He decides to commit suicide.
That his parents can use the insurance money to repay the debts.
He is saved.
Unni pretends to be deaf and mute.
When they notice Unni drowning.
That they will not understand the truth.
Gangadharan has a debt  to a Punjabi family of money lenders.
Who have settled.
He asks Unni and Ramanan to work.
He can repay it.
There Unni meets.
A Punjabi girl named Pooja -LRB- Mohini  who is partially deaf and completely mute.
They fall and decide to get married.
Unni s family finds out.
They come to see him.
Who allows Unni to marry Pooja.
<EOS>
David Kappel  a twentysomething school teacher living  has just had a messy break-up with his girlfriend  Sarah of many years.
He visits his best friend  Larry  an aspiring stand-up comedian   to talk.
He does nt disapprove.
Larry is sympathetic.
David travels to San Francisco and Liberty City  an odd type of summer camp  way out in the countryside.
However  as soon  he ca nt help but notice the extremely remote locale  the locked gates and the very tall fences.
David arrives.
Everyone there is kind and friendly.
The first person is Greg  a former businessman.
He meets.
Who tells him.
The facility is a training ground for a religious cult.
David does not know this.
David sleeps in a dorm on old mats  is awakened at the crack of dawn.
The morning exercise  which involves everybody holding hands and chanting  then is brought.
Where groups sit around in a circle to share about themselves.
David s group is headed.
Who also leads the morning chants.
He then attends a long class.
Who speaks extensively.
David soon develops reservations - he frequently finds less and less time to himself.
He is followed around.
Women flirt  but are repelled.
When he flirts back.
David is very skeptical.
Karl  Ruthie and Greg convince him to stay.
All begin to have an effect on David mentally  at one point he attempts an impromptu escape  only to be caught by Karl and returned to the camp.
Ruthie takes David  the only means of communication between the camp and the outside world.
David speaks to his friend Larry and tells him he will not be coming home for a while.
David is then brought.
Ingrid instructs the group to pray  Father  an Asian businessman  the leader of the cult.
David and Greg graduate and are put to work as volunteer laborers for the organization.
No longer  they now sleep in one of the group s vans  awakening every morning to a cassette tape of Father giving them instructions  he instructs them.
While they are working  their food and sleep is severely limited.
They must sell as many as possible.
The motto is  Bring in the money.
David sets out.
David is shocked.
When Patrick lies.
Patrick explains.
They are only using Satan s methods to do God s work  and that it is okay because it s only Satan s money we re taking.
Convinced  David follows along  and is discouraged.
Larry is concerned from earlier.
He confides.
Who dismiss Larry s concerns.
Larry asks his boss  Mr Stone off.
He can visit David.
Larry meets up with David  escorted by Patrick and Ingrid.
Larry is shocked.
He finds.
Larry asks.
David come home.
Ingrid announces.
They have to leave  suggesting that Larry come where he and David may talk further.
Larry is advised by one attendee  a tall man named Eric  not to cooperate.
David  meanwhile   Lisa  notices.
Two men pull her inside  then drive off.
Ingrid tells the congregation.
Satan uses the group s own parents to corrupt them.
Ingrid then teaches the cult members.
To commit suicide that their parents attempt to forcibly remove them from the facilities.
.
She tells them.
She saw Satan  showing her slit wrists.
Larry  meanwhile  has fallen and is now on the road to becoming a cult member just like David.
Eric intervenes and helps Larry escape  jumping the fence.
Eric explains about the group and their methods.
He is currently looking.
Who is a cult member.
Returning home  Larry tells everyone.
Larry then devises a strategy to free his friend and restore his freedom.
A plan is set involving Mr & Mrs Kappel  Danny  David s brother  ex-girlfriend Sarah and the sympathetic Mr Stone.
David waits to meet with Sarah.
Whom they intend to indoctrinate.
David is surprised.
When his mother Esther arrives as well  as she was dying to see him.
Going  Esther asks to stop by her hotel.
She may change clothes.
Everyone is waiting.
Larry  Eric  along  burst in the room and seize David.
When Esther excuses herself.
The whole group  carrying David  get away.
David is taken and put in an empty room to prevent him from harming himself.
He is given food.
He refuses to eat.
He wo nt talk  chanting Father s motto repeatedly.
Contacting David s parents  Larry discovers.
They have been arrested to David s kidnapping.
David tells.
When Larry tells David.
Them charges wo nt be pressed if they let him go.
The deprogrammer  a no-nonsense man named Linc Strunc  arrives and immediately proceeds to intimidate David  explaining to think  he has to feel something.
David is visited.
Who is now out.
David accuses Greg.
Linc asks David - David has never read it.
Only Father can interpret its meaning.
Linc offers up a book written  showing him the true agenda of the group.
David tries to block things out.
This proves difficult.
Linc throws more facts.
Linc finally makes leeway.
When he exposes a major hypocrisy.
Linc then reviews David s cult agenda.
Where all the money goes.
David counters.
Father is doing it.
David  enraged  calls Linc a liar.
When Linc tells him.
However  Linc provides more information  proving his case.
David  now very disillusioned  asks Linc.
Who the true Messiah is.
Linc tells him he has no answers there.
That Father and his cult are a lie.
He only needs to look  at Larry  Danny  Sarah  his parents  and everything.
When David asks.
Still are enduring.
Crying  he embraces them all.
Linc then reveals.
He knows so much.
David drops.
All charges and his parents are released.
Everyone reunites and embraces.
However  a car pulls up.
Before the film ends.
Out comes Ingrid  Ruthie  Patrick and Lisa.
Who look questioningly.
David looks.
He continues hugging his parents.
<EOS>
The film is.
Who wants to avenge the death.
He would have been killed.
Atlast Rajini kills him.
<EOS>
Jeannie has been a happily married housewife to her astronaut husband Tony Nelson and has a teenage son  T.
J.
Jeannie decides to give him a celebration party.
When Tony is promoted and is about to retire from the NASA space program.
However  egged  Tony breaks his promise to Jeannie for one more space flight  this time with a female astronaut  Captain Nelly Hunt.
Jeannie is furious  so she decides to separate temporarily to be a more independent modern woman.
Jeannie II is determined to have Tony for herself.
She teams up  to break up her sister s marriage.
Jeannie II traps her sister with a special stopper.
Nobody could open.
Meanwhile  Tony s space flight is  the engines wo nt fire.
The shuttle s.
When T.
J.
Comes home and hears his mother trapped the stopper moves.
His mother does to invoke her powers.
Shows that T.
J.
Also had inherited his mother s powers and is a genie.
Releasing his mother.
J.
Go  explaining the trick.
Rules must have changed   like saving a human life.
Jeannie now needs special dispensation in order to do something major.
Haji will give Jeannie that special dispensation.
She agrees to end her relationship.
T.
J.
Tells his mother  so they might as well do it.
They ll lose dad either way.
Tony lives.
Jeannie invokes her magic  saving the shuttle.
It is able to return.
However  Jeannie got Haji to agree final night together for her and Tony  allowing Jeannie to say farewell to Tony in her heart.
Jeannie then alters the bedroom and then the house  doubtless  Haji arranged to forget about Jeannie.
What it might look.
J.
Jeannie moves on.
The final scene shows Jeannie and Tony passing each other.
Jeannie magically gets Tony s attention  indicating.
They will in fact find each other again.
Jeannie says.
The movie ends.
Haji made me agree.
He never said.
There could nt be a new beginning.
The movies ends.
<EOS>
Olwen Williams is a miner s daughter.
Where the mine has recently been nationalised.
She is keen to move on to a more fulfilling lifestyle.
An opportunity is presented.
When she wins a singing scholarship.
She decides to leave her hometown to take up this opportunity.
Means being away.
Who is.
An industrial psychologist named.
Olwen is away.
Alfred Collins proposes.
She accepts.
She announces this news.
Attending her father s funeral.
Olwen moves with Alfred  but is disillusioned by her new life there.
Meanwhile  Tom is injured and spends time at Talygarn  a convalescent home.
Here he is looked.
Tom and Glenis fall.
Tom also encounters success  rising to the position of manager.
He visits Olwen in London  in a vain attempt to persuade her to return to Wales.
Tom later dies.
The film ends.
<EOS>
George Fowler shows himself.
He finds himself slowly drawn.
George asks his ex girl  Ann  for that amount in a check  supposedly for her brother Gino.
The plan starts to unravel.
When she sees Gino coming out from the bank.
George later reveals.
When questioned.
He s involved.
She writes ` Warning.
The bank will be Robbed.
Heightens. 
The day grows nearer the tension within the gang.
The robbers burst apartment that night and demand.
Who talked about the robbery  seeing the lipstick warning.
Gino breaks s talking to George.
George goes with the gang and talks her into going to Chicago.
Gino and George go.
John gets fidgety and hurls her off.
Willie and John are taking her.
They return  saying nothing about the murder.
The next day the robbery is attempted.
Meanwhile the bank has replaced the switchboard  previously.
What seems to be a better control room  a system which the robbers were betting to prevent calls to the police.
John distrusts George and compels Willie to drive.
Who will now be inside robbing the bank even though it s his first time.
The robbing goes.
Planned until George ca nt find the switchboard they wanted to disable.
The switchboard downstairs calls the police.
They send a squad car over.
The robbery goes astray.
When the police arrive  more arriving every second.
John gets killed.
Gino commits suicide down.
Willie flees  leaving his partners behind.
George gets shot.
He tries to take a hostage out  the woman s husband offering himself instead.
She says  It s no use  he s vicious.
The wife is.
Realizing  George relaxes his grip and falls  muttering.
How far he went.
He is nt ` vicious.
George is taken away  his last sight looking out the bars.
<EOS>
The plot is built.
Who is married.
Sara suspects her yard neighbors.
It does not take.
Before neighbors start fighting.
The story further reveals the ills and corruption at the end of Soviet period  disintegration of old social values  relationships between neighbors living in hidden envy of each other.
<EOS>
Cody Martin decides to leave the SS Tipton  a large cruise ship  to work as an intern for Dr Donald Spaulding at a prestigious research firm instead.
Where he attends school.
He does so.
However  she becomes infuriated.
When Cody s twin brother Zack reveals Cody s plans before Cody could.
Cody canceled his plans and refuses to speak to him.
Meanwhile  Zack asks Cody.
Their parents will give when he goes to college.
Cody refuses.
However.
Cody does the same trying to stop him  the equipment is lost.
Cody is kicked out and fired.
Furious  Cody tells Zack.
He hates him and vows to never forgive him  claiming they may be twins.
They definitely are not brothers.
Elsewhere  the hotel heiress.
London Tipton accidentally eats a fruit.
The Martin twins later learn.
Although Cody will no longer be eligible to work  both boys are ideal for the Gemini Project  a massive project by Dr Ronald Olsen  who studies the physical and emotional connection of twins.
The brothers agree and land themselves.
It takes them much thought.
Dr Olsen explains.
The purpose is to create an emotional bond between people that he hopes will put an end to evil in the world.
According to Dr Olsen  he must form a bond between twins.
Uses the same fruit.
Which they can sense what the other is feeling  then empathy.
They overhear a conversation.
They develop these bonds.
Reveals that Dr Olsen has evil intentions.
Meanwhile  Bailey discovers Cody s letter and reads it.
She realizes.
Cody only wanted to obtain a scholarship and goes with London and Woody to find him.
London learns from a dolphin and alerts Dr Spaulding.
Zack and Cody are.
Who claims that the Martin twins may be.
Bailey calls the manager to the site of the Gemini Project.
They all go to save Zack and Cody.
The brothers attempt to flee the island and the army of twins.
Who are now mind-controlled to go.
The army succeeds.
Zack and Cody are captured and taken back  where Bailey  London  Woody  and Dr Spaulding find them.
Dr Olsen reveals and explains.
He is Dr Spaulding s evil twin.
He spied earlier in the movie.
Zack and Cody begin to merge.
The merge is unsuccessful.
The twins get  ultimately destroying the Gemini Project.
Ronald claims  but he is stopped.
He will merge everyone and attempts to reboot the machine.
Who quickly forms a plan.
He and Zack give the special fruit.
Who finally understand each other.
Mr Moseby comes.
Who arrest Ronald.
Zack and Cody now understand.
They make a pretty good team.
Afterward  Cody and Bailey have reconciled and visited landmarks together.
Zack is driving his car.
Cody finally agreed to let him have.
Zack parks the car in a shipping area and sees his friends and brother on the SS Tipton.
Unfortunately  the car is crushed.
Well  spring break is over.
Zack stares ends with Mr Moseby saying.
Now.
I could just make it.
<EOS>
The story of Kaalo revolves around a desert witch of the same name.
Kaalo was a witch.
Who lived during the 18th century.
She was killed and buried for sacrificing young nubile girls to satisfy her greed for immortality.
Her fear lived on.
Year s later villagers spoke yet again.
They claimed.
She was even more angry and dangerous.
She was back to finish.
What she left incomplete Kulbhata was vacated overnight.
All roads leading were sealed by horrifying tales of Kaalo killing anyone.
Who dared to enter Kulbhata until a bus carrying eleven passengers to Kuldevi had to pass through Kulbhata.
One was a twelve-year-old girl named Shona.
Who was traveling alone to spend her vacation.
Shona was clever  witty and cheerful.
She soon became the life.
Everyone loved her endearing manners.
Especially the reclusive and reticent Sameer  hit village.
Who was traveling.
Badly disfigured and thirsty  Kaalo could smell the girl from miles away and headed straight for the bus.
She would kill everyone  she had to have the girl anyhow.
Who came.
Changed. 
When the passengers suddenly realized they were staring.
Shona became their very reason for dying.
Everyone wanted her out  some even used her as a bait to lure Kaalo away from themselves.
Human relations changed.
They fought.
No one had the guts to stand up for Shona.
It did nt matter.
Whether Kaalo was a creature or a witch.
<EOS>
Waldemar Daninsky goes from his native Europe to Japan  seeking a way to cure himself of being a werewolf.
Only a Japanese sorcerer named.
Kian and a magic silver sword can save him.
This film moves the Daninsky family curse back.
Naschy felt the Daninsky saga need not always be confined.
<EOS>
Police inspector Anand is very honest  he known.
He single handedly captures and arrests notorious smuggler and criminal Jack Ranjit.
Who is sentenced.
Anand Vinod Khanna  also captures gangster Gulkhan Amjad Khan.
Who is also sentenced.
Anand s wife Rekha is not very honest and trustworthy and has an affair.
There are a lot.
Anand threatens to kill her.
He starts.
Shortly Rekha and Somesh are found dead.
Anand is arrested.
He has not killed them.
To prove his innocence and to find the real murderers face to face.
He escapes and surprisingly comes back.
Ultimately he is proved innocent.
The real murderer is arrested.
<EOS>
Waldemar Daninsky is an aging writer still suffering  and seeking the pure woman.
Is the only permanent cure.
A serial killer pops up.
The two compete.
<EOS>
Chu Liuxiang and Zhongyuan Yidianhong pass and meet Master Kumei.
They also discover.
A group have been murdered at a gathering in Siming Mountain Manor.
The only survivor is a man called Yuan Suifeng.
Who has become insane.
They hear.
Where anyone can buy anything he desires  as long as he has money.
Chu and his friends travel.
However  they are not the only ones going there  Li Yuhan and his wife  Liu Wuming  are there  Jin Lingzhi is there to find her father  a group of imperial guards are there to arrest the Bat Prince.
<EOS>
A successful Manhattan couple  lawyer Paul Michael Morgan and real estate agent Meryl Judith Morgan  separate due.
Meryl and Paul witness the murder of one of Meryl s real estate clients  then they become targets of contract killer Vincent and must enter the Witness Protection Program.
Paul and Meryl are relocated and placed temporarily under the protection of the local sheriff and deputy.
Who happen to be a married couple.
They are permitted no outside contact via telephone or.
They have trouble adjusting.
They eventually adjust and begin assisting the local citizens professionally.
Meanwhile  none know their whereabouts.
The killer has planted bug.
Is eventually successful.
Paul and Meryl go and begin to reconcile.
Then Paul is alienated.
When he learns that Meryl had a one-night stand of their acquaintances during their separation.
The next day   the Morgans anticipate leaving Ray for a permanent hiding place.
The Wheelers invite them.
The Morgans are quarreling  so they decline.
Leaving the Morgans  the Wheelers leave for the rodeo.
The killer tries to attack the house but is accosted.
Gives the Morgans sufficient warning that they are able to escape.
They flee to the rodeo to seek assistance.
The killer follows them  they spot him and hide in a bull suit.
However  they accidentally frighten a live bull.
Meryl  unable to walk  stays hidden.
Paul confronts him.
Paul accidentally sprays himself but is rescued by the Wheelers and his new friends from the town.
Six months later  Paul and Meryl have repaired their marriage.
They have an adopted baby girl  named Rae in honor of the Wyoming town.
Meryl is pregnant.
<EOS>
Saving God follows.
Ex-Convict turned pastor Armstrong Cane as he returns to preach.
He also tries to help a young drug dealer named Norris turn his life around.
He attempts to rebuild the now crime-ridden area.
<EOS>
Years later  Frankenstein  now going  has become a successful physician in Carlsbruck  catering to the wealthy while also attending to the poor in a paupers  hospital.
Dr Hans Kleve  a junior member  recognises him and blackmails him into allowing him to become his apprentice.
Together.
Who facilitated Frankenstein s escape.
Is nt a crude  cobbled-together monster.
The deformed Karl is more than willing to volunteer his brain  thereby gaining a new  healthy body.
The transplant succeeds.
Karl panics and convinces Margaret to free him.
When the excited Dr Kleve tells Karl that he will be a medical sensation.
Kleve notes.
The chimpanzee that Frankenstein transplanted ate its mate and worries about Karl.
His concerns are brushed off.
Karl flees in Dr Stein s laboratory.
Where he burns his preserved hunchback body.
He is attacked.
Who takes him  but manages to strangle the man.
Frankenstein and Kleve discover.
Karl is missing and begin searching.
The next morning  Margaret finds Karl.
Karl experiences difficulties.
She goes to fetch Dr Kleve.
He is gone.
When Kleve and Margaret arrive.
He ambushes and strangles a local girl.
The next night  he rushes.
Having redeveloped his deformities  he pleads Frankenstein  using his real name  before collapsing.
Frankenstein  disregarding Kleve s pleas  appears.
He should leave.
Where he denies being the infamous Baron Frankenstein.
The unsatisfied councillors exhume Frankenstein s grave only to discover the priest s body  concluding.
The real Frankenstein is still alive.
Frightened and angry patients at the hospital brutally attack Frankenstein and leave him for dead.
Kleve rescues his dying mentor and rushes him.
Where he extracts Frankenstein s brain just before the police arrive.
Kleve shows them Frankenstein s dead body  claiming.
He tried to save his life.
Alone again and uneasy  Kleve begins transplanting the brain into another body -- one.
Frankenstein had been preparing earlier and which was made to resemble him.
<EOS>
The rotund early-1940s version of Elmer Fudd is portrayed as a Mountie  in pursuit of Bugs Bunny.
Who is wanted.
Stated. 
The crimes  here corrected  are listed below  Resisting an officer  assault and battery  trespassing  disturbing the peace  miscellaneous misdemeanors  public nuisance  traffic violations  going through a boulevard stop  jaywalking  triple parking  conduct unbecoming to a rabbit.
Violating traffic regulations.
Bugs is a wanted rabbit.
Chased by Elmer.
Elmer tries to get Bugs out.
He gets a bomb and frantically searches for his keys.
Bugs then looks.
The car  the front door  Bugs then whistles to the audience woo woo.
He gives chase.
When Elmer realizes he s been tricked.
A chase scene involves a path.
Ends when Elmer crashes.
The impact causes all the snow to fall off the tree.
Reveals Christmas decorations.
Elmer emerges.
Gives him a Santa Claus appearance.
The song.
Bugs says  Merry Christmas  Santy.
Bugs is seen taunting a snowman  So you call yourself a Mountie.
When Elmer finds Bugs.
Looks exactly by saying.
Why  you could nt even catch a cold.
Bugs offers to be turned in.
A weeping Elmer Fudd labels himself.
Standing  Elmer asks Bugs.
He has a last request  which prompts to Bugs break out.
The scene then transitions.
Where Elmer  Bugs and the mounties performs the chorus.
<EOS>
The movie starts at a picnic.
Back Tobi starts to feel an itch on his back.
Tobi is taken and left.
The next day the doctor goes to picks up Tobi s parents and take them.
Where they learn that the two spots grew out a pair of wings.
The hospital did not let the parents interact with Tobi only being able to see him through a mercury glass.
Where Tobi was not aware he was being watched.
Tobi s parents are taken to discuss the rare condition.
The doctors do nt have a clear explanation.
Jacinto is concern and.
What he will face.
He asks the scientist to surgically remove the wings.
Maria gets upset.
Only wants her son back because she loves him no matter what.
The parents go back being unable to take Tobi with them.
Tobi asks Lucy his nurse for his parents  she says.
He will see them soon.
Tobi disappointed says.
She always gives him that answer.
It never happens.
Tobi then decides to escape naked with his wings still attached to his back.
Lucy goes back he s gone.
Tobi then hides unknowingly transported Tobi in a pick up van.
Where although they hear noises do nt believe there is anyone.
Tobi then manages to escape.
Where he is taken to a store where he is still naked and manages to blend with the other naked mannequins.
An employee enters the room.
Where Tobi and the other mannequins and hears Tobi sneeze.
The boy stays still.
Order to not be discovered.
Tobi enjoys the situation and stars to play a prank at the store  kicking him in the back and replacing himself with the mannequin.
The employee then stars to look only to discover.
The only one is Tobi.
The employee suffers a panic attack and runs away.
Tobi also runs away and heads through the city to get back to his parents house.
Where.
Tobi then gets tired and frustrated.
He wants to see his mom.
He ask help.
Who thinks he is hallucinating.
Another passerby sees Tobi talking and gets fascinated with the winged boy and starts to take pictures of him.
Are then given.
Tobi is now back home watching the news.
They media frenzy.
A new category called Homo Angelicus.
Where one say that due to Tobi s nature the clinic should have the child s custody for further study considering Tobi not to be a Homo Sapiens but now.
Tobi s parents then find out.
They have a crowd waiting to see the boy.
To get the crowd away Tobi s mom picks up Tobi and shows him.
Jacinto then befriends.
Marla Sullivan works where she gives Jacinto an offer.
He tells her.
His soon is not.
Marla then offers Jacinto a contract to use Tobi.
He rejects the offers given.
She then offers him a better job.
Accepts the offer.
Tobi appears in a cupid suite.
Where uninterested is filming a women s deodorant commercial ruining every scene and causing the anger.
The boy has been filming the commercial and is exhausted.
Tobi s mom takes the boy.
Marla makes a comment.
The Lopez had signed a contact and that later catch up with them.
Maria is preparing Tobi to go and makes.
Him a pair of covers to hide his wings.
Tobi needs to use the bathroom.
He decides to pee out side the window.
His mom is using it.
Where the urine lands.
The policeman then knocks.
He forgives him.
When he finds out its Tobi the boy.
Tobi is then taken.
Where another classmate starts to pull his wings.
The teacher then decides to sit Tobi apart.
Order to protect him.
The bell rings and Tobi stays.
Order to not to be bullied.
He then befriends a little girl.
Who he shows her his wings which are hidden.
Unbeknownst  they are being watched by another classmate.
Who then tells his friends.
The group goes back to demand him to show them his wings.
Tobi s mom is taken.
Where they tell her that the boy s presence is causing problems and distraction to the other students.
Back Tobi is struggling with his new found situation and starts getting nightmares.
Tobi is taken and has his wings removed in a way to give him back his normal life.
He has the media waiting for him taking pictures of his back.
Marla Sullivan calls Jacinto and reminds him.
He signed a contract and that now that Tobi had his wings removed he will face a lawsuit.
Tobi s mom takes him.
Where he starts to feel an itch again.
Marla then finds out.
Tobi s wings grew back.
Tobi is now at carnival and being display as Tobi the boy with wings.
Where people pay and get.
The parents arrive and plan to get him out.
Tobi manages to escape and runs towards the top of a tower having the crowd and his parents run after him.
The boy flies away.
He reaches the top.
<EOS>
A man is holding an umbrella.
Then  he starts dancing.
The backgrounds completely change.
He does.
Then  he starts dancing  with a woman and fish following.
Then  he plays tennis.
Another man watches.
A colorful array follow.
The man sits and thinks.
Images come off the score sheet.
The music ends.
A man s voice says the following  Post Office Savings Bank puts a pot at the end of the rainbow for you  followed by ` No deposit.
Is too small.
<EOS>
Sneha is a popular actress.
Jeevan is a junior artist.
Who is attracted.
One day  Jeevan kidnaps Sneha and takes her.
Shooting. 
Sneha s family and her colleagues try to negotiate to get Sneha back.
Jeevan does not want to give Sneha back.
Jeevan decides to give her back and surrender.
He confesses.
He took Sneha because he saw her suicide note in her diary.
Sneha understands the true love and saves him.
He has.
Were awaiting him.
Finally the duo unites.
<EOS>
Trinity comes.
His horse is dragging him around.
He is filthy  yet seems perfectly content.
The horse drags him.
Trinity gets up  pulls  gets stung by a scorpion hiding in the boot but is clearly insusceptible to the venom then and walks inside.
When the horse stops.
He drags his Colt.
It is the Chaparral Stagecoach Station and restaurant.
The owner  noting Trinity s wretched appearance  tells him  a fly infested misshapen slattern prepares the dish.
He will sell him a plate if he has money to pay.
Trinity takes the frying pan along  scraping the beans from the plate back into the pan and proceeds to eat from the pan with gusto  punctuated by occasional loud burping.
The eating scenes are a frequent comic element.
Which the team appear.
There are two white men.
The two men are bounty hunters and are disappointed to see.
Trinity s face does not appear and proceed to disparage him for his sooty unkempt appearance.
He gets up  strolls over  and calmly relieves them of their prisoner.
Trinity has eaten every scrap.
He answers  They call me Trinity.
When they ask him his name so they ll know what to put.
The resulting double-take foreshadows Trinity s notoriety.
Trinity offers them a disarming grin.
When they refer to him and tell him that it s said he has the fastest gun around.
The men stick their rifle to shoot Trinity.
He walks outside.
But  Trinity drops both men in their tracks.
It s a zen move showing his effortless  almost mystic skill.
He casually gives the injured Mexican his spot.
He perches himself backwards so the men can converse as they travel.
Soon they reach a small town  apparently trying to read a newspaper.
Where an enormous man is seated outside his office.
He is being harassed.
He release their friend.
Trinity stops to watch the developing gunfight  predicting.
The toughs will be stiff before they hit the ground.
The Mexican asks Trinity.
When the enormous man quickdraws them and outshoots them without blinking.
Who the fast gun is and is told the enormous man is the Left Hand.
It quickly becomes apparent.
Trinity and the enormous man  an omnipotent bearded buffoon -- comically called Bambino  are brothers.
Bambino is merely posing.
He awaits the arrival from the penitentiary from which he escaped.
He is not happy to see his troublemaking brother.
However  the two form a temporary partnership to deal.
Who is attempting to run a group off their land with the intention of using their property to graze his own horses.
The fact explain Bambino s grudging willingness to work.
These horses are valuable and unbranded.
Though he considers Trinity to be a shiftless bum.
However  Trinity has fallen with two Mormon sisters and is genuinely concerned with the Mormon settlers  welfare.
He persuades Bambino and Bambino s henchmen to help train the pacifistic Mormons to fight.
The Mormon leader finds in the Book of Ecclesiastes in the Bible.
There is a time.
The Mormons are unleashed  using the dirty fighting tricks.
They learned.
Bambino is flabbergasted and then infuriated to learn.
Trinity has given the Major s horses.
Trinity is about to be happily married.
When he learns that being a married Mormon means actually having to work.
So he skips out and goes.
But his brother has had enough and sends him off in the opposite direction.
Trinity gets the last laugh  though.
He directs the real sheriff.
There are slight differences.
The injured Mexican has more dialogue explaining.
He was arrested.
<EOS>
The film follows the kidnapping and her boyfriend.
When they are suddenly kidnapped.
Carla and Martin are a young upper-class couple fresh.
When they cross paths  three men who make their living by kidnapping unwitting young adults to extort quick money from their wealthy parents.
Carla and Martin become their next victims and are sent through Caracas.
They wait to hand over twenty thousand dollars - a small amount for a rich Caraqueno  but the equivalent of more than 8 years of the Venezuelan minimum wage.
They are emotionally and physically hurt  but soon form a relationship.
However  none pan out.
They continue  listening and understanding.
If slightly  their captor s point.
They encounter.
Scarily. 
Martin flees the kidnappers  telling Niga to kill his girlfriend  abandoning her.
However  he is soon apprehended and returned to them and murdered in the trunk of a taxi.
The kidnappers heatedly argue over her fate.
Her father pays their ransom.
Trece pays his share to release her unharmed.
Carla is soon released.
To be found.
However  Trece returns and shoots them  freeing her again at that time.
She can be seen with much more modest attire and an inelegant car  continuing her work with sickly  impoverished children.
<EOS>
The film opens.
Kazuya Mishima  a kind boy  appears and offers to kill the bobcat to cheer Jun up.
Kazuya s abusive father  Heihachi  suddenly appears and berates Kazuya.
He considers a weakness.
Heihachi throws Kazuya off a cliff in front of Jun s eyes.
Order to make Kazuya stronger and prove his worth.
Sixteen years later  Jun is an agent  and is sent to investigate the upcoming King of Iron Fist Tournament  hosted by none other than Heihachi Mishima  the owner of the multinational Mishima Conglomerate.
Has been suspect.
Jun meets up.
They are assigned to infiltrate the tournament together.
Meanwhile  it is revealed.
Kazuya somehow survived the fall and is now a cold  bitter man bent.
Heihachi himself is aware.
Kazuya is alive and apparently plans to bestow the Mishima Conglomerate when the time is right.
Heihachi s adopted.
Son Lee Chaolan is unhappy  as he desires the company for himself.
He seduces Nina and Anna Williams  two Irish assassins  and hires them to kill Kazuya.
Each believe.
Lee does not care.
He genuinely loves them and is merely using the other.
Jun and Lei board a boat to take them  in the process meeting a large man named Jack with an ailing little girl  Jane.
Kazuya himself sneaks aboard.
The boat has left the port.
Jun confronts him.
Kazuya is training.
Kazuya reveals.
He survived  he cut his chest badly and was on the brink of death when the Devil approached him with an offer to help him survive with superhuman powers in exchange for his soul.
Kazuya accepted.
Nina again tries to kill Kazuya.
Kazuya beats her.
As Anna appears.
Jun and Kazuya escape.
Kazuya warns Jun not to interfere again on the threat of death.
The day arrives.
Lee explains.
They are to fight their way until they reach the central tower where Heihachi will be waiting for them.
One vengeful competitor  Michelle Chang  tries to kill Heihachi there and then.
Heihachi foils her.
However  to ensure  Lee secretly has his scientists release a special experiment.
Nobody will win the tournament.
Meanwhile  Lei heads underground.
Who tells him that he is only looking.
Eventually  they fight their way.
Jacks and reach Boskonovitch.
Jack s arm is gashed and leaks black oil  revealing.
He is not human  but a robot.
Kazuya defeats Baek and runs.
Who has defeated Ganryu  who proves to be no match but too stubborn to give up despite Kazuya s pleas.
Her to do so.
Michelle pours out her tragic story.
Heihachi burned down her village and indirectly killed both her parents.
Kazuya knocks.
When she pushes Kazuya too far.
Her out and almost kills her but is narrowly stopped.
Elsewhere  Nina and Anna decide to have their own battle to settle their rivalry once and.
A biologically enhanced dinosaur-like being appears and devours Anna from behind.
The creatures then round  but are defeated.
When Kazuya taps.
The last one runs away  leaving Kazuya s path open.
Lee appears but is beaten.
As Heihachi emerges and engages Kazuya.
Lee enters the facility in a crazed state.
Now fully aware  Lee slays all the security scientists and sets off the self-destruction sequence.
He will never inherit the company now.
Lei  Jack  Jane and Boskonovitch hear the countdown and evacuate along.
Jack sacrifices himself to hold a door open long enough to escape with Jane.
The tower explodes  and begins a chain reaction.
Turns the resort.
Kazuya seems to be losing.
He gives and overpowers his father brutally.
Jun appears and implores him to stop.
As Kazuya prepares to throw his broken father.
Kazuya almost kills Jun.
He remembers the only person.
When he notices her crying.
He ever loved and who ever cried  his mother.
Kazuya sheds a tear and manages to expel the Devil s influence  reverting to his kind  compassionate self once again.
Infuriated  Heihachi tries to punch Kazuya.
Jun takes the blow and the three fall.
The island begins exploding.
Lei arrives and picks up the remaining fighters  along with Kazuya and Jun.
Heihachi escapes.
Before the island finally explodes.
Sometime later  Jun is seen knitting.
Her young son  Jin appears and asks her to tell him a story.
She looks up and senses a strange presence  but  she tells him everything.
She can begin.
When Jin asks her what is wrong.
Is fine.
They walk home together.
<EOS>
David Aurphet  a struggling guitar teacher is invited to give lessons the daughter of a well-to-do couple.
The wife  Julia  seduces him easily.
They seem to be set.
When David gets a video.
He confides.
Who has a VCR and is a neighbour.
David  is attacked but saved by the strange Daniel Forest.
He admits.
He warns David  giving him a gun.
Julia invites David.
Her husband is away.
David arrives but finds Graham there wanting to kill him.
David uses the gun.
Julia warns David to hide.
He seeks refuge.
She shows him a video.
Proves that Julia has killed Graham.
David returns.
Where he finds Daniel.
David kills him  hides the body and leaves to look with.
Whom he will escape.
<EOS>
Bilge had lost her mother.
Several years later  she and her family go to the coast.
She sees a series of visions.
Things get worse  bringing back memories and releasing her inner demons.
When a small earthquake occurs.
<EOS>
The story is set.
It s Christmastime.
T is the season to put.
Joe Harper takes the project  advertising in the local newspaper for actors at a low price.
He chooses the following  Hamlet  Joe Harper himself.
Ophelia  Nina Raymond  a shortsighted well-meaning space cadet.
Who has been using low-calorie mayonnaise because she ca nt make out the label.
King Claudius  Henry Wakefield  a long-suffering and cynical old Englishman and a list of prejudices five miles long  forced to room with Queen Gertrude s player.
Queen Gertrude  Terry DuBois  a flamboyantly gay theatrical actor.
Laertes  Fortinbras  and various  Tom Newman  an uptight  self-righteous character.
Who foists his values and attempts to distinguish his many characters with a variety of outrageous accents.
Horatio  Bernardo  Not-so-subtle Carnforth Greville  an alcoholic and a kindly bachelor with no memory for lines whatsoever.
Polonius  Marcellus  and the First Gravedigger  Vernon Spatch  the ambitious techie s techie  self-imposed marketing director  and unofficial documentarian.
Set Designer  Fadge  just Fadge  specializing.
Close friends call her Fa.
<EOS>
Tommy Fawkes is the son.
Tommy returns to Blackpool  England.
Where he spent the summers.
Disguised  Tommy intends to seek out unique performers and purchase their acts.
Tommy encounters his father s old comedy partners  Bruno and Thomas Parker.
They now work as ghouls on a ghost train at Blackpool Pleasure Beach Circus.
Bruno s son Jack is a brilliant comic  but psychologically troubled.
He has also been manipulated.
Tommy also meets Jack s mother Katie.
She suspects.
Though Tommy is.
He is somehow connected.
Tommy eventually realises.
His father stole his original act.
He then reveals himself to be Tommy Fawkes.
Katie tells him.
Jack is his.
Tommy phones his father.
George gets to Blackpool.
George arranges for the Parkers to top the bill at a Blackpool Tower Circus event.
However  Jack is still hounded and can not perform.
Katie gets rid of Sharkey via a sarcophagus.
Is then kidnapped.
The wax eggs contained a mystical  ancient Chinese rejuvenating powder.
Jack had previously placed the powder.
Bruno and Thomas accidentally use.
Toward the end  Jack is seen climbing a giant pole chased by a policeman.
Jack smacks the policeman.
The policeman begins to fall.
However  Jack is strong enough to hold him and then the camera reveals.
Tommy is the policeman.
Jack then says  They re beginning to like you.
Jack laughs and Tommy  suddenly no longer afraid  gazes and finds the feeling.
He was searching.
<EOS>
Dale Denton is a 25-year-old process server.
Who witnesses the dangerous drug lord  Ted Jones  and a corrupt cop  Officer Carol Brazier committing murder.
Dale panics and leaves his roach called Pineapple Express.
Ted subsequently identifies Dale s roach.
He had sold.
Ted sends his two henchmen  Budlofsky and Matheson  Red.
Who discloses that he has only sold the pot.
Dale flees in a panic and explains.
What happened.
Dale realizes.
Ted could trace the roach back.
Dale and Saul flee   but fails.
Ted s henchmen persuade Red to arrange a meeting.
Dale and Saul spend the night.
Both dispose.
They could be triangulated.
Dale and Saul arrive at Red s house and hope.
Talking will help them determine whether Ted has linked them  and therefore whether he is in pursuit.
Instead  Dale decides.
Red will reveal their whereabouts.
Dale  Saul  and Red fight each other.
Convinced  Dale and Saul decide.
Ted s henchmen are pursuing them.
They must leave the city.
Dale visits his girlfriend  Angie.
Angie s father does nt believe Dale.
Ted s henchmen pursue Dale and Saul.
Angie and her parents goes.
To leave town  Dale and Saul sell some to raise bus fare.
However  a police officer arrests Dale.
Dale convinces the arresting officer.
Officer Brazier is corrupt.
Saul eventually rescue Dale.
Officer Brazier hears a police radio call.
Officer Brazier pursues Dale and Saul.
Dale and Saul successfully evade her.
Dale and Saul argue about the mess and never were.
They have found themselves  resulting in Dale telling Saul that they are not friends.
Dale and Saul go their separate ways  angry and upset.
Saul visits his grandmother and finds Ted s henchmen.
Who kidnap him and holds him hostage.
Dale enlists Red to help him to rescue Saul  but Red unexpectedly backs out at the last minute.
Dale is captured.
They reconcile and make plans to escape.
Dale and Saul are held hostage.
Meanwhile  a rival Asian drug gang attacks the barn to avenge a member s death.
Dale had witnessed.
Dale and Saul finally free themselves  but are caught.
Matheson grazes Dale with a gunshot  but is disarmed and shot by Saul.
Dale and Saul carry on and join the fight  but are separated.
Dale and Ted endure a brawl.
Results when one of the Asians sets off a bomb that completely destroys the barn.
Meanwhile  Matheson kills Budlofsky.
When he had the chance.
Red breaks  running over Matheson and eventually kills him.
Matheson can kill Saul.
Officer Brazier reaches and shoots Red.
Saul thanks Red.
Seemingly kills him.
The bomb goes off  first exploding.
It falls and finally kills her.
Dale carries Saul.
Red crawls.
As Saul awakens.
The film ends at a diner eating breakfast and celebrating their friendship.
Saul s grandmother picks them up and takes them.
<EOS>
Manhattan psychiatrist Dr Sam Rice is visited.
Who works.
Brooke was having an affair of Rice s patients  George Bynum.
Who has just been murdered.
Brooke asks the doctor to return a watch and not reveal the affair.
Rice is visited but refuses to give any information on Bynum  a patient for two years.
Rice reviews.
The police warn him that he could become a target because the killer may believe he knows something.
The case files detailing Bynum s affairs at Crispin s  including Brooke.
Bynum had also expressed concern  claiming.
A wealthy friend had once killed someone.
Bynum was the only person.
Who knew.
He wondered.
This friend might kill again.
The police believe.
Bynum s killer is a woman.
Rice gradually falls but believes.
He is being followed.
He is mugged.
Who takes his coat.
Rice tries to interpret clues including a strange dream of Bynum s.
Which he finds a green box and is then chased up a narrow staircase by a little girl carrying a bleeding teddy bear.
Brooke s behavior becomes increasingly suspicious.
Rice tails her on Long Island.
She explains her guilt  and claims.
Bynum threatened to reveal this secret if she broke off their affair.
Rice pieces together that Bynum s previous girlfriend was Gail Peters.
Who blames Brooke.
Peters is trying to frame Brooke.
She has killed Vitucci.
Now she arrives.
Brooke forgets her keys and goes back  to retrieve them.
They are about to leave.
Rice waits.
Gail appears and stabs Rice with a knife.
Gail then chases Brooke  recapitulating Bynum s dream.
Brooke narrowly escapes.
Gail falls.
Sam is not seriously hurt and is embraced.
<EOS>
The Hongerwinter famine is starting to bite in the occupied northern and western Netherlands.
Nazi persecution is rife.
The farm  a Dutch patriot  is known by the Dutch Resistance as a place of refuge for those.
Who has disowned his son with the occupying German forces.
Who are.
Alting is currently providing shelter for Jewish couple Mark and Mary Meyer  van Nespen  an aristocrat with active links to the underground movement  and Bakker  a Communist wanted by the Germans for sabotage.
All are aware.
Jan s son Anton returns unexpectedly  and discovers.
His father and sister are harbouring subversives.
He orders his father to turn them out immediately  threatening to shoot them all.
This is not done.
Jan is faced for the safety of his shelterers  set against the feelings  despite the latter s betrayal of all Jan.
He still has.
Stands. 
He faces the stark moral choice.
Whom he has given refuge.
<EOS>
A writer  a producer and a director are hired by seedy erotic film producer Benny U.
Murdoch to make a dirty movie.
However  they run.
When each want a completely different style of film made.
Then Murdoch makes off.
The three have to produce four different versions to keep everybody happy - a gay Western  a hardcore porno  a family version and a Kung Fu-style production.
<EOS>
The film begins shortly before the death of Queen Elizabeth I.
Elizabeth promises.
An androgynous young nobleman named Orlando a large tract and a castle built on it along with a generous monetary gift which she will only bequeath to him if he consents to her command  Do not fade.
Do not wither.
Do not grow old.
Both he and his heirs will keep the land and inheritance forever.
Orlando acquiesces and resides.
Which time he dabbles.
His attempts to befriend a celebrated poet  however  backfire.
When the poet writes a devastating takedown.
Orlando then travels to Constantinople to the Turks.
He is almost killed there.
Waking up the next morning  however  he learns something even more startling  he has physically transformed overnight.
The now ` Lady  Orlando comes home  only to learn.
She faces several impending lawsuits arguing that Orlando was a woman to begin and therefore has no right to the land or any of her/his royal inheritance.
The succeeding two centuries tire her out  the court case  bad luck and the wars of British history eventually bring her up to the 1990s with a young daughter in tow and a book in search of a publisher.
The editor  ironically  portrayed.
Who judges the work as quite good is.
Who denigrated her poetry.
Having lived a most bizarre existence  Orlando finally finds a tranquil niche.
Also the film ends.
Order to remain true at the end of the novel.
<EOS>
Hye-young is an artist.
Who makes her living.
Park Yi is a professional hit man.
Who sees Hye-young painting and instantly falls in love with her.
One day   she falls down and loses her art bag.
Hye-young is trying to cross a small channel connected.
Contains all her painting equipment.
Park Yi   immediately runs.
Who had been watching her.
He gets there  Hye-young is gone.
He finds the bag.
She lost and gets the log replaced.
The next time  Hye-young is taken at the sight of the new bridge.
She comes to paint.
She is moved.
Initially  she thinks the bridge is a coincidence.
When she finds her lost bag hung.
She completes her painting and leaves it in place of her bag as a gesture of thanks for the person.
Who had built the bridge.
She starts receiving daisy flowers daily at.
15 pm sharp.
She is touched.
The days pass.
Who is sending the flowers.
Park Yi is afraid.
She might be hurt if he gets close.
He subdues his feelings and maintains a distance.
The story takes an interesting turn.
Jeong Woo is associated.
One day   he is encounters Hye-young and her portrait stand.
He asks her  this continues.
He surveys the crowd.
For a few more days until one day the drug dealers come to know his hideout.
Hye-young starts to believe and instantly falls in love with him.
Jeong Woo is the one sending her daisy flowers.
Jeong Woo also hides the fact.
Park Yi notices a few mafias advancing towards them with armed pistols.
Who has been constantly keeping an eye.
Park Yi instantly grabs his sniper and starts shooting the mafia.
The situation takes a worse turn.
When Park Yi accidentally shoots Hye-young by mistake.
This leaves Hye-young voiceless.
Jeong Woo is gushed.
He considers himself responsible.
Jeong Woo is transferred back from Netherlands.
Hye-young is left alone  heartbroken.
Park Yi ca nt help himself and starts showing up and moving close to her.
Hye-young is still with Jeong Woo and ca nt forget him.
Jeong Woo comes back to the Netherlands and surprisingly shows up on Hye-young s doorsteps.
He apologizes and leaves her in tears.
Meanwhile  Jeong Woo s boss   tells Jeong Woo to catch the guy.
Who wants to solve the case.
Who shot the mafia.
Further investigation reveals Park Yi s identity.
They plan to catch him.
Jeong Woo s boss contracts Park Yi s dealer to kill Jeong Woo.
All will be set.
The day arrives.
Which Jeong Woo is supposed to be killed.
Jeong Woo shows up.
Jeong Woo would have come to know Park Yi.
When he had been to apologise.
Park Yi suddenly shows up and asks Jeong Woo.
Jeong Woo stalls all the cops saying and is later found head shot.
He is going around.
Jeong Woo s boss hints the activities.
Hye-young instantly comes to know the person.
Meanwhile Jeong Woo s boss sketches a much tougher plan to catch Jeong Woo s assassin.
A few series of events leads Hye-young to know.
Park Yi was the one sending her daisy flowers.
Park Yi is takes.
Who is all set to assassinate Jeong Woo s boss.
When Hye-young shows up asking him to stop.
Park Yi instantly shows up.
Was supposed to hit Park Yi is intercepted.
Who had seen the reflection that the assassin was in on a building opposite.
She dies.
Park Yi takes his part by killing and dissolving his entire gang responsible for Hye-young s death.
Park Yi is later found stumbling out  limping down the street.
The epilogue shows Park Yi  Jeong Woo  and Hye-young standing  waiting for the rain to stop.
They smile.
When they spot each other.
Seeing  it can be assumed.
They re all together.
Park Yi had died as well.
<EOS>
The film is.
His script is a story.
Who are.
But film investors force Timothy.
Jim Carrey has a small silent role.
<EOS>
Yanko Goral  a Ukrainian peasant  is swept ashore after his emigrant ship sinks on its way to America in.
The bodies wash ashore and are soon buried in a mass grave.
Yanko makes his way.
Where his dishevelled appearance frightens the family.
Amy Foster  however  is not frightened.
Amy is a loner.
Who visits her parents  Mary and Isaac Foster  every Sunday.
Her father calls her a queer sort -- Mary was already pregnant.
Who collects things that wash ashore  and blames her.
They were married.
Amy attends to Yanko -- washing  feeding  and caring for him.
Yanko is taken away.
When he regains his health.
A few months later  Dr Kennedy and Mr Swaffer are playing chess.
When Yanko approaches and shows the men a series.
Dr Kennedy soon determines.
The man is Russian.
Having gained a newfound respect  the Swaffers take him in  start paying him for his labor  and give him normal working hours.
Yanko learns.
Miss Swaffer   had a horse-riding accident and broke her spine.
The doctor also reveals.
He lost his wife and son.
The doctor s fatherly affection is evident in their meetings.
Where Yanko learns English and the doctor learns chess.
The doctor purchases Yanko a new suit.
Gives him the courage to visit Amy and ask her to go.
He tries to dissuade her.
When Mr Swaffer learns.
Amy s parents also urge her to stay away -- her mother warning her.
Love is God s trick.
He encounters a hostility.
When Yanko goes.
Bewilders him.
Their eyes are  he later tells Amy.
Who finds him.
There he learns.
What happened.
To escape the hate  Amy takes Yanko.
She found.
Yanko and Amy make love.
Soonafter   Yanko is set  beaten up  and nearly drowned before being saved by Amy.
Walking alone.
Who takes care in the coming days.
Meanwhile  Dr Kennedy has little sympathy.
Whom he considers a little strange and slow.
Miss Bates arranges for a preacher to come and marry Amy and Yanko.
Amy s father  however  retains his hatred.
Whom he reveals to be the child of his father.
Bad and bad.
You were conceived.
You were made.
Miss Bates arranges.
Someone sets fire.
Who are soon married.
Afterwards  they make love  with Yanko saying  We are the lucky ones.
Later that year they have a son.
Who is delivered.
Amy asks Yanko to show the child the sea.
He does.
The doctor looks.
Amy s new-found happiness  however  is soon cut short children.
Who taunt her and call her a witch.
He is angry and shares his feelings.
When Yanko learns.
Who tries to console him.
Believing  Yanko s greater concern is.
He can not leave because Amy has found a home.
Yanko tells the doctor  I want him to be  I want him to have the learning of great men.
I want him to love the mystery.
The doctor pledges to help his son.
One day Yanko becomes sick.
Dr Kennedy arrives and treats him  gives Amy medicine to give  and urges her to stay with him.
The doctor continues his rounds.
Unfortunately  Yanko s condition worsens.
He becomes delirious -- seeing a vision.
Unable to understand  Amy does nt know.
What he s saying.
What to do.
Amy flees the cottage.
When Yanko loses control.
Her first stop is.
Her mother turns her away.
She stops a neighbor and pleads for help  but is also rejected.
Finally  she makes it.
Miss Swaffer agrees to watch the baby.
Mr Swaffer accompanies Amy back.
Meanwhile  Dr Kennedy returns and discovers Yanko lying on the floor near death.
Shortly  I would change nothing  my love  my gold -- we are the lucky ones.
Amy arrives and takes her dying husband as he says.
Dr Kennedy complains to Miss Swaffer about Amy not showing appropriate grief for her deceased husband.
He wonders.
She could wipe Yanko s memory so easily.
Miss Swaffer points out.
The doctor has wiped his own ghosts of his dead wife and son.
Soonafter  Dr Kennedy visits Amy and apologizes  asks to be forgiven.
The two embrace.
Amy declares  I will love him.
Dr Kennedy concludes his story  He came across the world to love and be loved by Amy Foster.
<EOS>
Jang Hye-jin is an ordinary woman.
Whose doenjang jjigae is to die.
Yet Jang is not famous and lives a quiet life.
Television producer Choi Yoo-jin starts looking.
When a notorious murderer requests Jang s soup as his last meal.
But Choi is not the only one looking.
Kim Hyun-soo  Jang s old flame  decides to return.
Three people die after eating Jang s soup.
What is the secret and how many more people will have to die for it.
<EOS>
The film picturised the some events.
It begins by Krishna.
<EOS>
Samuel Edward Sam Makin is a tough New York City street cop.
Vietnam-era Marine Corps veteran unwillingly recruited  CURE.
The recruitment is  his death is faked.
That there will be no questions asked.
Rechristened Remo Williams  his face is surgically altered.
He is trained to be a human killing machine.
Remo learns such skills.
Remo s training is extremely rushed.
Chiun teaches Remo the Korean martial art named Sinanju.
Remo s instruction is interrupted.
When he is sent to investigate a corrupt weapons procurement program within the US Army.
<EOS>
A mother cat named Duchess and her three kittens  Marie  Berlioz  and Toulouse  live in the mansion of retired opera singer Madame Adelaide Bonfamille  along with her English butler Edgar.
She early on settles her will.
She wishes.
Edgar hears this through speaking tube and is unwilling to wait for the cats to die naturally  and plots to remove the cats from a position of inheritance.
He inherits Madame Adelaide s fortune.
He sedates the cats and then heads out into the countryside to release them in the wild.
However he is attacked.
Edgar escapes  leaving behind his umbrella  hat  the cats  bed-basket  and the sidecar.
The cats are unharmed  but stranded.
Madame Adelaide  Roquefort the mouse  and Frou-Frou the horse discover their absence.
Duchess meets an alley cat named Thomas OMalley  and the kittens to Paris.
Who offers to guide her.
Marie  Berlioz  and Toulouse have a struggle returning  briefly hitchhiking on the back of a milk cart before being chased off by the driver.
Marie subsequently falls and is saved by OMalley.
They then meet a pair.
Who are.
The group head  marching like geese.
They reach Paris and come.
Abigail and Amelia then depart to take Waldo home.
Travelling  the cats meet Scat Cat and his band  close friends to OMalley.
Who perform the song Evry body Wants to Be a Cat.
The kittens lie  OMalley and Duchess spend the evening on a nearby rooftop and talk.
The kittens listen.
The subject is the question of.
Whether Duchess may stay and marry Thomas.
Eventually  she turns him down  largely out.
Edgar  meanwhile  retrieves his sidecar  umbrella  and hat with some difficulty  knowing.
It s the only evidence that could incriminate him.
The cats make it back  whereupon OMalley departs sadly.
Edgar sees Duchess and Kittens coming and captures them  places them and briefly hides them in an oven.
The cats tell Roquefort to pursue OMalley and get help.
He does so  whereupon OMalley races back  ordering Roquefort to find Scat Cat and his gang.
Edgar places the cats.
He plans to send.
OMalley  Scat Cat and his gang  and Frou-Frou all fight Edgar.
Roquefort frees Duchess and the kittens.
Edgar is tipped into the trunk  locked inside  and sent to Timbuktu himself.
Madame Adelaide s will is rewritten to exclude Edgar and include OMalley.
She starts a charity foundation providing a home.
The grand opening thereof   features Scat Cat s band.
Which most come.
Who perform a reprise to Be a Cat.
<EOS>
Which chickens are beheaded.
Platinum blond bombshell Mary Vivian Pearce begins her day.
Bombshell is later seduced.
Who starts molesting her feet while she fantasizes.
She is then hit.
Who was trying to pick up an attractive hitchhiker whom she imagines naked.
Divine places her.
Which Divine exclaims  Oh Mary  teach me to be Divine.
Divine finally takes the unconscious Bombshell.
Who amputates her feet and replaces them.
<EOS>
The story is told as a series of flashbacks.
Max Tooney  a musician  enters a secondhand music shop.
He has only a Conn trumpet.
He sells.
Clearly torn from his prized possession  he asks to play it one last time.
The shopkeeper agrees.
The shopkeeper immediately recognizes the song.
The musician plays.
He found.
He asks.
Who the piece is.
Max tells him the story.
1900 was found abandoned SS Virginian  a baby in a box  and likely the son of poor immigrants from steerage.
Danny  a coal-man  is determined to raise the boy as his own.
He names the boy Danny Boodman T.
D.
Lemon 1900 and hides him.
1900 comes across an advertisement for a man with the initials of T.
D  however   Danny decides not to tell 1900 the truth.
Sadly  a few years later  Danny is killed.
1900 is forced to survive as an orphan.
He travels back and forth across the Atlantic  keeping a low profile and apparently learning the languages spoken by the immigrants in Third Class.
The boy shows a particular gift and eventually grows up and joins the ship s orchestra.
He befriends Max  but never leaves the vessel.
Apparently  the outside world is too big.
But he stays current.
Passengers explain a new music trend or style.
He immediately picks it up and starts playing it.
His reputation is so renowned.
Jelly Roll Morton   on hearing of 1900s skill comes aboard to challenge him to a piano duel.
1900 plays a piece so simple and well known.
The self-proclaimed inventor feels mocked.
He plays an impressive improvised tune.
Morton becomes more determined to display his talent.
Brings tears.
1900 calmly sits down and plays from memory the entire tune.
Morton had just improvised.
1900s playing fails to impress the crowd.
He plays an original piece that the metal piano strings become hot enough for 1900 to light a cigarette.
He hands it.
Who has lost the duel.
A record producer  having heard  brings a primitive recording apparatus aboard and cuts a demo record of a 1900 original composition.
The recorded music is created.
He gazes and whom he finds attractive.
He takes the master  offended hearing the music without his having performed.
When 1900 hears the recording.
It live.
He then tries to give the master.
Who inspired it  but is unable.
The story flashes back periodically.
We see Max trying to lure 1900 out.
Having served  she is scheduled to be scuttled and sunk far offshore.
Max manages to get with the recording 1900 made long ago and plays it  hoping to attract 1900s attention.
Max attempts to convince 1900 to leave the ship.
When it does.
But he is too daunted.
And feeling can not bring himself to leave the only home.
His fate is tied.
He has known.
The Virginian blows up and sinks  with 1900 still aboard.
Max feels useless.
He could nt save his friend.
The shopkeeper asks Max.
The record got.
Max indicates.
He did.
The shopkeeper tells him.
He was nt so useless.
Then   the shopkeeper gives him the trumpet and says  A good story is worth more.
Max is leaving the store.
Max walks out.
Another customer walks in.
<EOS>
Stan and Ollie are two sailors.
Who happen.
The sailors invite the ladies.
Soon realize.
They only have enough money.
Ollie spends an eternity trying to explain this fact.
Who can not grasp that either he or Ollie will have to forgo a soda.
Deperate  Stan deposits a coin and ends up hitting the jackpot.
The boys rent a canoe with the ladies.
Results. 
<EOS>
The documentary generally portrays the band into their double-tracked lifestyle in an ironical and satirical way  not to discredit them but to reveal the common issues of a rock band and the often-stereotyped musical genre.
They are attributed to.
Some scenes are visibly based.
Was also designed.
The film has a total runtime and is subdivided into 9 chapters  Common.
To Get Things Done Road Home Issues The Body Burden Family Fights Big The Drummer Dilemma.
<EOS>
The film starts.
A group have just returned to the US from Iraq.
One Marine remains and makes his way.
The Marines leave.
The Marine s name is Jesse Rodriguez.
The film cuts.
Where a man  Edy Rodriguez is.
The woman  his wife  Anna Rodriguez gives him a rather disgruntled look.
Edy then travels.
Edy appears to be quite popular with the ladies.
Back  Jesse finally meets up with his friends Johnny and Ozzy.
Who have come to pick him up.
Jesse takes off his eye-patch to reveal.
He can still see.
The area is badly injured.
He reveals.
Jesse feels some guilt.
The three pass.
A park and Jesse tells them to stop.
The park was their childhood playground.
The three take a little time off to play a game.
Recently been released.
Ozzy spots Hector  the man who killed his brother.
Ozzy stares back  however   both Jesse and Johnny hold.
Ozzy is able to make his way.
Him back the they make their way.
Jesse s sister Roxanna arrives.
Everyone assumes she came because they all assume that she made it big in Hollywood as an actress.
Jesse s Brother Mauricio also arrives  along.
Sarah greets Anna.
It is evident but she is making an effort  even speaking a bit.
She is not exactly comfortable.
However  the topic drifts makes it very clear.
She wants grandchildren.
Sarah is a very business driven woman and is nt ready  this causes some tension between Sarah  Anna  and Mauricio.
Everyone sits down and begins to catch up.
Things settle down.
Each persons story is brought up  Jesse has just return and is being prepared by Edy to take up the family business  Roxanna is waiting on news regarding a new TV deal.
Mauricio is an attorney.
Sarah is and making a great deal of money  but do nt have time for much else.
The conversation moves  but its obvious.
He does not want to talk.
Marissa  her son  and her boyfriend Fernando arrive.
Marissa is Roxanna s best friend.
Jesse s.
It is evident.
Jesse still has feelings.
There is much tension.
They all sit down.
Everyone has arrived.
Everyone is digging  chatting away.
Sarah sits there.
She has never experienced the holidays.
Edy is about to give a toast but gets a call.
Often runs out.
When he does which gets Anna suspicious that he is having an affair  and cheating again.
Well   he stops to answer the call.
When the phone rings.
Having broken the last straw  Anna proclaims.
She is divorcing Edy.
This is a joke.
It is soon evident.
Anna is dead serious.
Edy reacts  saying.
If it is what Anna wants then he ca nt really do anything.
Mauricio is vehemently and tries to get some support from Jesse.
Whose response is similar.
Johnny  Ozzy  Marissa and Fernando excuse themselves.
It is a family matter.
Everyone leaves to vent  except for Sarah.
Who stays and continues eating  sort of a gesture of comfort/support to Anna.
The two have a somewhat awkward yet endearing bonding moment.
Jesse is about to go to bed.
When Edy shows up  having been kicked out and is not bunking with Jesse.
Father and son have a conversation.
Edy ca nt really get much out.
Later that night  Mauricio is up events.
When Roxanna shows up.
The two share.
A drink and Jesse shows up.
The siblings reminisce and.
What the future will be like.
Both Roxanna and Jesse are relatively neutral.
Mauricio is very.
Being the only one to be married  he believes.
He says all this while.
Jesse catches up with Marissa.
She is walking to work.
She still has nt forgiven him.
Jesse did nt want to stay and follow in his fathers footsteps and ended signing up for the marines.
It turns out.
Lenny offered to take Jesse s watch.
His unit was holed up in a building for the night.
He can grab something to eat.
A rocket propelled.
Jesse is getting some food.
Lenny is killed.
Everyone else is injured.
Jesse blames himself for Lenny s death  and his life.
It was supposed to be his watch.
Would be lost.
Marissa sympathizes and forgives him.
Back  Mauricio is attempting to get Anna and Edy back together by bringing over their priest  Father Torres.
Anna returns home and Mauricio brings her.
Anna is clearly drunk and is very upset.
Another argument ensues and everyone is.
Mauricio argues  Roxanna reveals.
Shes not a star and can barely make ends meet.
Both Mauricio and Roxanna think.
Jesse has it easy  since he gets the store to manage as soon as he returned.
However  Jesse does nt want to manage the store.
His guilt has been haunting him since his return.
Everyone leaves.
Roxanna  Jesse and Mauricio end up.
Sarah gets back and finds out that everyone.
Has left.
Edy offers to give her a ride.
Where everyone is.
Edy appears to have a heart attack and stomps.
Driving Sarah.
Luckily  they skid.
No one is injured  Sarah is able to fetch Edy s medication in time.
She realizes.
Sarah looks.
Edy is really very ill and that that s the reason hes getting those phone calls.
Edy makes her promise to not tell anyone.
He does nt want anyone to worry so they can enjoy the holidays.
Everyone takes the chance to have some fun  drinking and dancing.
Sarah gets hammered and starts dancing.
Who ca nt dance at all but does so.
Everyone is having a blast.
Jesse takes the time to talk.
Roxanna  receives a call  goes outside to answer the phone and have a smoke.
Ozzy comes out to talk.
Roxanna is out having a smoke.
It is obvious.
Ozzy likes Roxanna.
She is a bit apprehensive.
She sees him  although Marissa has noted that he has nt been part of that crowd for quite some time.
Roxanna and Ozzy go to talk.
Roxanna tells him.
She really is nt much since she has only had a few small roles in TV and commercials and ca nt really get a big part.
Ozzy assures her.
She will get her big break.
She is not so sure.
Roxanna mentions returning home.
Her career is nt going anywhere.
Her mom may need her around.
Ozzy is happy.
Roxanna may stay  but is supportive.
The next day  everyone prepares to have a little Christmas carol parade.
Where people travel to house caroling.
People join along the way.
Nearly the entire neighborhood has joined.
The parade ends.
Everyone is dancing and having fun.
Fernando goes off to get something to drink.
Jesse asks Marissa.
The two begins to get close.
Jesse leans in to kiss her  and hits Jesse.
As Fernando lunges in.
Jesse pummels Fernando drag him off.
Ozzy ca nt take it anymore and leaves to confront Hector.
This is happening.
Hector is returning home and sees Ozzy.
Knowing  he tells his mother to go and make dinner.
What Ozzy has come to do.
He goes outside.
Outside  Hector tells Ozzy  and has been while in prison.
He s ready to die.
Ozzy is visibly struggling to decide.
Whether or not to kill Hector  just then  his phone rings  it s Roxanna.
Ozzy gives up  and lets  and leaves to meet Roxanna.
Hector live.
Ozzy and Roxanna go.
Where he gets rid.
Edy drives Anna home.
Anna confronts Edy about his affair.
All Edy will say.
Is that all he wants is to have a good Christmas  and that they should keep it together until the kids leave.
Anna says.
After the kids leave  there will be nothing more to talk about.
Edy is now alone.
Jesse and Mauricio return home and join their father  each drinking.
Edy  decides to do one last thing and finally cut down that tree and secure the tree to a chain.
The three go outside.
Is connected.
Edy guns the engine but the rear bumper comes off.
He crashes  injuring himself.
Anna calls.
The ambulance and Edy is rushed off.
Sarah runs out and hands her all of Edy s medications.
The ambulance leaves.
She s the only one who knows how serious his health is.
The whole family is.
It turns out  it s serious.
Edy has cancer.
He s being treated.
Anna finally realizes.
Edy was not cheating  and that the Susan that Edy was talking to was actually his oncologist.
The couple make their peace and profess love.
Then Anna smacks Edy.
Having seen  Sarah decides to have children  and take the new position  and will try to balance both in her life with support from Mauricio.
Frail life can be.
Back  Anna is teaching Roxanna and Sarah.
To cook.
Roxanna gets a call.
It appears.
When she returns.
She has not gotten the part.
Ozzy comes by to talk to Roxanna.
She reveals  but it was nt a very big part anyway.
She actually did get the part.
She thought.
It would be best to stick during these times  so she turned down the part.
The next scene shows Jesse visiting Marissa to drop off some Christmas presents and to apologize the previous night.
She forgives him.
She has a relationship and a happy family life.
Jesse concedes and wishes her a happy life.
Jesse sits on a park bench  making a call to Lenny s parents.
To tell them and how he died so he can get closure and move on.
The final scene shows Edy   taking Jesse to his store  instead of going back to Iraq.
Who has now decided to take up the family business.
<EOS>
The Government granted Rs.
50000 /.
Harbanslal to conduct a study  called the Nangla Project.
Harbanslal is sure.
Lies an entire temple made of pure gold.
They abduct Harbanslal to force him to reveal the exact location of this temple  in vain though and end up killing him.
When Vikram Singh and his son  Bahadur  find out.
Having failed  they kidnap the wife and son of multi-millionaire Rajendra Jain and demand.
He get Bahadur married.
Rajendra discusses this matter.
Ritu is ready and willing to do anything.
Rajendra hesitates.
Soon he receives his wife s thumb.
Losing no time  Rajendra and Ritu make arrangements and communicate accordingly with the kidnappers.
Soon a wedding date is fixed  however  things do not go.
Planned as Ritu is abducted.
Their car breaks down.
Driving there.
They are forced to take a lift  albeit at gunpoint.
Jimmy drops them off  leaving Natwarlal to work out the details of getting the ransom money from Rajendra.
Jimmy shows up and abducts Ritu.
That could happen.
Rajendra is as to.
His wife and son still held captive.
Whose life he should give priority.
Watch.
Events unfold to show what exactly was the motive.
<EOS>
Austro-Hungarian Empire David Hersko  a Jewish shepherd  witnesses the attack of a young girl.
His home is burned down.
He finds shelter.
The loggers find the body.
They bury.
They are charged.
It is believed.
They killed her.
<EOS>
Vincent Karbone is a leading construction magnate and a suspected leader of one of the city s most notorious criminal gangs.
Several are on trial.
The key witness is Michael  a mild-mannered judo instructor and kids.
Karbone will stop to keep the muscles of his organization out of prison  including striking at Michael s family to keep him from testifying.
<EOS>
Four elderly women amuse themselves.
Trouble ensues.
When a psychotic killer falls and begins searching for the girl.
<EOS>
The Stooges operate a failing restaurant and are plenty sick.
Two men walk in.
Order food look over a racing form.
One man laments the state.
Which his horse  Thunderbolt  is  claiming that he is all run out and that he wants to dump him off on some unsuspecting sap.
This works.
When Larry opens a newspaper and reads a story.
The Stooges then decide to sell their restaurant and get into the horse racing industry.
Curly races the horse around the track.
Curly misunderstands and runs.
He stops.
When Moe calls him over.
Feeling hungry  Curly pulls.
He swiped  thinking them to be salted peanuts.
However  Thunderbolt eats them first and   runs like lightning towards the nearest water trough.
Moe demands to know.
What Curly gave the horse.
He still believes them to be peanuts.
To be sure  Moe eats a handful and suffers the same heated mouth and runs to the trough.
Curly follows suit  and blazes.
The Stooges quickly discover.
The pepperinos caused Thunderbolt s sudden burst and believe it to be their ace in the hole for future races.
Thunderbolt turns around and starts running.
The race starts.
Larry stops him and feeds him the hot peppers  but the effect is too much.
He is too disoriented to run.
Moe and Curly grab a bucket  hop on a parked motorcycle and drive alongside of Thunderbolt with the bucket hanging from a pole in front of the horse.
Thunderbolt wins the race.
The Stooges enjoy the good life.
Thunderbolt eats peanuts out.
<EOS>
Porky is beside a lake.
Where Daffy happens to live.
The duck quickly insinuates himself at relaxation.
Every time the duck gets Porky riled enough to threaten violence  Daffy shows him a sign.
Says it is not duck hunting season  and that there is a hefty fine.
Daffy makes eyes and responds.
When Porky calls Daffy screwy.
That  my little cherub  is strictly a matter.
Porky and Daffy both sing.
Porky   stammers and stutters his way On Moonlight Bay.
Who has trouble.
Daffy periodically breaks.
Porky unconsciously starts to sing Daffy s number  then stops  looks into the camera with a Harumph.
Daffy is able to get away.
When a new sign says duck hunting season is now open.
It even specifically invites shooting this duck.
The tide has turned dramatically.
Porky gets his revenge.
The picture gets out and breaks  then Daffy appears saying Ladies and gentlemen  due to circumstances beyond our control  we are unable to continue this picture.
Porky chases Daffy.
But do nt worry  I ll tell you.
It came out.
The duck asides.
He beat up Porky.
A hook whisks Daffy offscreen and a loud smashing sound is heard.
Porky then drags the dazed duck across the screen  his shotgun now bent.
<EOS>
The film is set.
The plot concerns the efforts.
They are accused.
The story s climax occurs.
Reginald Rose s screenplay was nominated.
<EOS>
Dayo is a heartwarming story.
The plot revolves.
Who is out to save his abducted grandparents.
This locally produced.
Animated film aims to reintroduce the other side like the tikbalang  kapre  manananggal  and aswang by giving a new dimension to these typically reviled creatures.
<EOS>
Jaffa is a mixed Arabic - Jewish seaside city.
Where Reuven Wolf has a garage.
His wife Ossi a vain self-centered woman just makes everybody s life difficult.
The couple s daughter Mali Wolf has secretly fallen with her childhood friend  the young Toufik  a hard-working youth  a long-time mechanic working for Reuven.
Who has come.
Meanwhile Reuven s son Meir resents working and furthermore resents the presence of Arab Palestinian Toufik and bullies him around.
Everybody s life is changed.
Meir and his mother have a grave argument.
She throws him out.
Next morning  a crisis erupts with the latter fatally injuring Meir in an unfortunate accident.
This cancels the plan.
The already pregnant Mali and her lover Toufik had made to elope.
She eventually decides to keep the baby concealing.
She decides to have an abortion so as not to have a baby.
The devastated Wolf family moves.
The story picks up.
When Toufik is released.
Mali Wolf is torn to her family.
Who has helped her raise the illegitimate child Shiran and her lover Toufik.
<EOS>
Cheuk  a mainland Chinese security specialist and martial arts teacher  visits his family.
A former British marine takes the students hostage and plants bombs.
After he sends his nephew.
The marine  named Charles  is unhappy.
His son was taken away.
They are to America.
He demands.
His son be brought in exchange for the hostages.
Cheuk agrees to help Charles.
He rushes together with Simna.
A reporter called Hung.
They need to make a dangerous journey back.
Both the thugs and police are out to get them.
<EOS>
She decides emigrate to Caracas  for achieve fame and fortune as singer  despite the opposition of Lydia and Venancio.
When Aurora discovers that his father has a big debt.
That Walter Perez  a very famous TV producer  discovers her.
<EOS>
A homage of the 1920s and.
The various sweets and goodies are preparing to crown their new Cookie Queen.
Contestants include Miss Peppermint  Miss Coconut  Miss Banana Cake  Miss Strawberry Blond  Miss Peaches and Cream  Miss Licorice  Miss Pineapple Upside-down Cake  Miss Orange Crush  and likely several others.
Are nt featured.
Far  on  a gingerbread drifter overhears an impoverished sugar cookie girl crying.
What would appear to be the wrong side.
She can not enter the parade because she has nt any pretty clothes.
He covers her brown hair and adds a large violet bow to her dress as a finishing touch.
Thus attired  she is entered  Miss Bonbon.
The judges   all promptly declare Miss Bonbon the Cookie Queen.
Who have thus far been disappointed.
The gingerbread man is practically trampled.
They carry Miss Bonbon.
She is then presented.
Appears to be a carousel.
A Queen must have a king  and so the newly crowned Cookie Queen must choose a husband.
She refuses each and every one with a giggle and a shake of her head.
The judges   make their own proposals.
The gingerbread man   sneaks up onto the dias.
Who has been attempting to gain a closer vantage point.
He is accosted.
Who split his cupcake paper hat and tear off a piece so that he looks as if he s wearing a crown and an ermine-lined cloak.
The Cookie Queen calls.
Their closing kiss melts the lollipop intended to screen them.
<EOS>
Ghar Jamai is a family movie starring Mithun Chakraborty and Varsha Usgaonkar.
The film was directed.
<EOS>
Stephane Allagnon s crime comedy  a tech worker assigned to fix the aged computer system after a weather incident knocked it out.
The Storm stars Jonathan Zaccai.
He uncovers a piece of code.
Embezzled money.
Frank finds himself trying to piece together.
When the number one suspect turns up dead.
Who is responsible.
<EOS>
Story was nt changed that much from original.
The songs were totally new.
It s set.
Where Kekec  a young boy is living.
High up leads his solitary life Bedanec  a man everybody is afraid of.
He is wicked.
But the brave boy Kekec is not afraid.
He sets out to find them.
When he gets to know that Bedanec keeps his victims.
He forces Bedanec to leave.
His courage and cunning Kekec manages to set them free  and what s more.
Plot in English.
<EOS>
Halil is a cop  he resigns and retires.
Who accidentally kills an African illegal immigrant.
Jordan is a five-year old boy.
Whose mother is killed as they try to cross illegally to Greece.
Their destinies intersect.
When Halil finds Jordan.
<EOS>
Michael Dooley and his German Shepherd Dog companion Jerry Lee set out to find a murderous man.
Who plans to kill Dooley.
Jerry Lee becomes tired  and begins to fail doing his normal way of life.
They also reluctantly team up.
Who   was trained in the Netherlands.
Eventually  they discover the attempter  a psychotic man named Devon Lane.
Who thought Dooley s wife  Tracy  loved him more than she did her own husband just because she said that he had talent.
He also believes.
Dooley was responsible.
Devon attempts to kill Dooley  Jerry Lee jumps  tackles Devon  and takes him out.
Devon is then arrested.
Dooley is taken.
The film ends.
<EOS>
The story is set.
Whose word is law.
The central plot goes  After the zamindar brothers  they set out to shield her from even being seen by men  let alone touched by any of them.
Who rule after the death are told by a holy man that their sister will bring disgrace on them by her marriage.
A village simpleton is employed.
But  she falls and gets him to tie a necklace around her neck.
When he saves her life.
Is. 
What he does nt realize.
It is a wedding chain and that they are now married.
The brothers react.
When they realize what has happened.
<EOS>
Oscar Award winning star Margaret Maggie Elliot is a bankrupt actress unwilling to accept her new non-wealthy reality.
She is.
Confident. 
She can build herself up again and somehow fix her career.
She gets drunk  is arrested  and spends a night in jail.
She gets another big deception striving to get that last one good role.
She is bailed out.
Whom she helped.
Jim loves her and  helped  tries to make Margaret see.
Her big screen days are already over.
She manages to get a screen test.
She d always wanted to play.
She accepts  trusting that if she plays that character she might be able to get the best part.
It does not work out.
She is offered a role in a new film about a falling star.
Who ca nt face the fact that it s all over.
This new script is dedicated.
Who are obsessed.
It finally makes.
Her realize that her film career is officially over.
She returns home  from.
Who Margaret previously desperately attempted to shield her own stalled career.
<EOS>
In a remote wooded cabin a mob informant with information on Luigi Patrovita  the strongest of the Chicago Mafia Dons  is being protected by FBI bodyguards.
They are ambushed.
Who brutally slaughter the bodyguards and the witness.
One killed.
Protecting the informant was Blair Shannon  son  who vows revenge.
Small-town sheriff Mark Kaminsky goes home.
Who is angry.
Kaminsky once worked  but five years ago he brutally beat a suspect.
Who molested  murdered  and mutilated a young girl.
He was given the option to resign or be prosecuted.
Who is now Special Federal Prosecutor heading up a committee looking.
Shannon calls Kaminsky  to infiltrate Patrovita s organization and tear it up.
Harry ca nt do anything officially.
The FBI has a leak.
Who has been getting agents killed  which is why Kaminsky must go.
Harry dangles the prospect being re-instated with the FBI  leading to Kaminsky faking his own death in a chemical plant explosion and posing as convicted felon Joseph P.
Brenner.
Kaminsky manages to get an audience  and convinces them of his worth by harassing Martin Lamanski  a rival mob boss.
Who is trying to move in.
He makes the acquaintance.
Who works.
Kaminsky continues to work his way  including devising a plan and assisting in Lamanski s assassination.
Recovers $ 100 million seized by the feds from one of Patrovita s hideouts.
Keller is nt convinced.
` Brenner  is all that he says he is.
Keller eventually manages to find proof  showing Kaminsky s photo to a police informant.
Who arrested the real Brenner.
The leak is revealed than Baxter.
The FBI has been looking.
Who is forced to stay close.
Kaminsky accompanies Keller  but finds.
That the target is Harry Shannon  which causes him to blow his cover.
Kaminsky and Shannon manage to kill Keller and the other hit man.
Who came along  but not.
Kaminsky escapes  assisted.
He tells her to go and wait for him.
He then suits up  gathers an arsenal one of Patrovita s gravel pits  eventually killing everyone and walking off with the cash left behind.
He then sets off.
There he single-handedly wipes out all  including the men directly responsible for the murder of Blair Shannon and his fellow FBI agents.
Rocca and Patrovita flee.
Rocca is cut down.
They can do anything.
Patrovita flees.
Kaminsky mercilessly guns him down and leaves his body sprawled.
He encounters a whimpering Baxter and offers him a gun with the same line  Resign  or be prosecuted.
Baxter gave him five years earlier.
Any way you want it.
Kaminsky starts to walk off.
Kaminsky turns and shoots Baxter.
When Baxter attempts to shoot him.
Kaminsky hands a duffel bag containing $ 250000 in cash to Monique and gets her on a chartered plane  telling her.
She is free and can start a new life to anyone.
The epilogue shows Kaminsky visiting Shannon.
Who was crippled as a result wound to his back and has been refusing any therapy or rehabilitation.
Kaminsky has been reinstated.
His reunion has now led to Amy being pregnant.
Kaminsky wants.
Shannon to be godfather  but only if Shannon will attempt to walk.
Shannon at first can not walk easily and angrily asks Kaminsky to leave him be.
Then Kaminsky tells Shannon.
He must show the same strength that made him a good father.
Inspired and his gratitude to Kaminski  Shannon makes a strong effort and eventually manages to walk a few feet on his own  embraced by a smiling Kaminsky.
<EOS>
Set during the Great Depression  the film tells the story of Cecilia  a clumsy waitress.
Who goes to escape her bleak life and loveless  abusive marriage to Monk  whom she has attempted to leave on numerous occasions.
The latest film Cecilia sees is a fictitious RKO Radio Pictures film  The Purple Rose.
It is the story.
Who goes with companions Jason and Rita.
The three meet archaeologist Tom Baxter.
Tom is brought back.
Where he falls.
Tom  noticing her  breaks the fourth wall  and emerges into the colorful real world on the other side of the cinema s screen.
Cecilia sits several times.
He tells Cecilia.
He is attracted after noticing her watching him so many times.
She takes him.
Later  he takes her.
They have a great evening.
The two fall.
But the character s defection has caused some problems.
Others have tried to exit the screen.
The producer learns.
Tom has left the film.
He flies.
This sets up an unusual love triangle.
Cecilia must choose.
She decides to choose the real person rather than the fantasy figure of Tom.
She gives up the chance to return to his world  choosing to stay with Gil and have a ` real  life.
She breaks up.
But Gil s professions were false -- he wooed her only to get Tom to return to the movie and thereby save Gil s Hollywood career.
Gil abandons Cecilia and is seen quietly racked on his flight back to Hollywood.
Having been left  Cecilia ends up immersing herself in the frothy escapism of Hollywood once again  sitting in a theater watching Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers dancing to Cheek-to-Cheek in the film Top Hat  forgetting her dire situation and losing herself in the film.
<EOS>
Palayam Murukan is the underworld goonda leader ruling Palayam market.
He hails and enjoys a good academic background  but got into the crime world during his college days.
He was expelled after getting jailed for a murder.
Murukan becomes the most powerful person of the city.
His activities include mediating land deals  arranging hartals and murdering for a cause.
He enjoys a deep rooted friendship with Dosth.
Also he sponsors his adopted sister and is loved by the people of Palayam market.
Things take a turn.
When Murukan clashes.
Murukan backs Moosa Settu.
The Thattel brothers Mani and Bobby.
The plot thickens.
When Mayor Swamy arranges the murder.
Nandita Menon  a young industriallist also joins.
She is not aware.
The syndicate manages to bring a new Police Commissioner.
Entering young  dynamic and quick tempered Jayamohan  known.
Who is better.
His direct fight creates a lot of problem in the Palayam market.
He arrests each and every one belonging  thus making Murukan to try for violent retaliations.
But Jayamohan  decides to turn him.
Who comes to know.
Mayor Swami and group   gets upset.
Who were looking.
Nandita Menon also makes a truce with Murukan.
Swami kills Dosth Vishwan.
Tends Murukan again to take law.
He turns violent.
Where finishes the crime syndicate of the city by killing those who had masterminded the death of Vishwan.
The film ends.
This was the second script.
This was also the first Malayalam film.
Kuthiravattam Pappu appears.
This film was shot at a budget of 78 lakhs and was completely shot in and around Kozhikode.
<EOS>
Jimmy  Carl  and Sheen went to watch a Jet Fusion movie.
They get more tickets to the movie.
Jimmy is called to go to the principal s office  only to find himself being taken to an organization called Big Top Secret Organization.
Commander Baker  the leader told Jimmy that their No.
1 agent Agent X is missing.
His tracking device was buried somewhere.
The professor shows Jimmy his gadgets.
Jimmy prefers to use his own inventions.
Jimmy decides to have Carl and Sheen.
A missile hits them.
They decide to go underwater.
Jimmy finds the device  and is rescued Beautiful Gorgeous.
However  Jimmy and the gang escape after learning.
Beautiful was going to vaporize them.
Everest  Jimmy is captured  and sees X revealing himself to be none other.
Who was captured.
Meanwhile  Carl and Sheen are taken.
Calamitous reveals his plan.
He plans to flood the earth.
Everest only to find.
He did not finish his movie.
Also  a lady appears.
Who happens to be none other.
Calamitous orders Beautiful to strap Jimmy and Jet.
Jimmy and Jet are able to escape  and confront Beautiful.
Who easily beats up Jet.
Jimmy hypnotizes Beautiful and escapes.
Jimmy and Jet are able to stop Calamitous s plot.
He has a backup plan.
Calamitous and Beautiful chase Jimmy and Jet.
Who uses his door.
Just then  the two villains were apprehanded.
The monks tells Jimmy.
Sheen is the Chosen One.
<EOS>
New Mexico   is thrust into an improbable dilemma.
Who is coasting and has nt a single political thought in his head.
He is coaxed by his 12-year-old daughter Molly to take more of a serious approach to life.
Molly runs the household and sees an opportunity to energize her father.
Molly  frustrated  sneaks into her local polling place and tries to vote on behalf of Bud.
However   the ballot is registered.
There is no decision.
Which candidate gets the vote.
The entire election comes down man and  namely  Bud s vote.
Neither candidate has a majority without New Mexico s electoral votes.
The popular vote is tied  leaving Bud to decide the next President of the United States.
Bud gets wooed.
Neither are seen in the movie.
A campaign poster bears the surname Meyers under that of President Boone.
The President s home state is also not mentioned.
Bud s actual opinions are misinterpreted  causing the candidates to flip-flop on several positions.
However  the two candidates are shown to move away.
The film progresses.
He chooses to hold a final debate the day.
He is set to recast his ballot.
He confesses.
He knows little about politics or  for that matter  life  and decides to ask questions people have sent to him in the mail.
The movie ends casting his vote.
It is never revealed.
<EOS>
The story is about a young boy  Dirkie.
Who is flying across the Kalahari Desert in a small plane  piloted by Uncle Pete  who partway into the flight has a heart attack and partially loses control of the plane.
Thanks struggles to land safely in the desert.
Dirkie and his small pet dog survive.
Pete himself dies.
The bulk follows Dirkie s various adventures  but abandon him after an unfortunate misunderstanding concerning Dirkie s dog.
He struggles to survive the harsh desert conditions.
The story switches several times and follows his increasingly desperate efforts to locate his son  including having a couple of million leaflets specially printed and spread over the desert from a plane  containing instructions for Dirkie on  and assuring him.
To survive.
His father loves him and wo nt give up trying to rescue him.
The film features the unusual technique.
Continuing to use the piano music.
Ultimately Anton travels himself after everything else fails to make progress.
He meets one of the Bushmen  and gets information about the direction.
Who had earlier met Dirkie.
Dirkie was last seen going in.
He is finally able to find Dirkie.
Who looks as if he is close.
His dog is still.
Injured. 
The film ends  together with his little dog  both being carried back to the vehicle.
His father had travelled there.
The DVD re-issue states.
The film is based.
<EOS>
Two Indian Secret Service Agents  Ajay Saxena and Abdul  are not only co-workers  but also live.
Their Chief asks Abdul to take charge  dealing with India s nuclear capability for defense.
Ajay proceeds to Switzerland.
Once there  he meets in love with each other.
He is told  the file pertaining is missing.
When he returns.
Abdul has been killed.
He is assigned the task.
Ajay sets out and finds  Brij Mohan alias BM.
Anju also lives there.
Ajay will soon find out.
His romance is short-lived as her dad may be connected with the masterminds who had the secret file stolen  and are now determined to do away with Ajay as they had with Abdul.
<EOS>
Matt  Fred  and Deacon are three high school teenagers.
Who are obsessed  but unable to obtain it.
Frustrated  they decide to film a pornographic movie.
Order to gain access.
Fred steals credit card records.
Posing  they purchase a web hosting service for After School Special -- a site by virgins  for virgins.
Masquerading  they cast local strippers.
Jake  their popular classmate and Deacon s neighbor  learns  and convinces the trio to cast him in their film.
However  Jake has difficulty performing.
The female lead  Ashley  agrees to help and casually masturbates him.
Jake experiences premature ejaculation  gets upset and confiscates the film.
He is eventually replaced.
Meanwhile  Deacon finds the courage to talk during a party.
Jake   tries to humiliate Deacon in front of her.
Whom Naomi recently dumped.
This act only draws.
A fire sends everyone -- including a topless Ashley -- out of Deacon s basement and right into the kitchen.
Where his family is.
Deacon tells.
Them Ashley is his girlfriend.
Ashley agrees to stay for dinner.
Naomi soon arrives and introduces herself.
She leaves.
Deacon then tells Naomi the truth.
She asks to be added as a consultant on the female perspective.
She thinks.
The purposely nerdy character should be well dressed and perhaps a foreign exchange student.
This causes a rift  a conflict.
Causes Ashley to leave.
Naomi takes Deacon shopping and says.
He does not need those boys anymore.
Deacon apologizes to Matt and Fred.
They consider halting production.
Ashley insists.
She needs the film to have a reel  and convinces them to resume production.
The guys decide to quit making porn.
Ashley says the reel.
She now has gave her and Coop a contract proposal.
Deacon gently breaks up.
An angry Jake then says.
He mailed his scene.
A local porn producer kidnaps Deacon and his friends.
He thinks they are hurting his business.
To avoid bodily harm  they promise to hand over everything.
They receive a lifetime supply and that the youthful spirit of After School Special is retained.
The tape is stolen.
Who blackmails Deacon.
Fred and Matt lament.
They still have neither money  power nor women.
Deacon reunites.
Two attractive girls hit due to their new rumored sexual knowledge.
Jake refuses to stop humiliating Deacon and therefore has his embarrassing scene played.
The local porn producer/actor compensates them.
The closing scene shows Deacon s parents  watching the porno.
The boys had made.
The character played moves his head  Deacon s father sees a picture of their family and exclaims  Is that our basement.
<EOS>
El Hadj Abdoukader Beye  a Senegalese businessman  marries  thereby demonstrating his social and economic success.
But he discovers  he has become impotent.
He is incapable.
He suspects his two wives  without realizing.
He walks.
The film criticizes the African leaders  attitude  underlining their greed and their inability to step away from foreign influences.
<EOS>
What.
A young woman who has spent her whole life being pushed around decides to grow a spine and break up.
Heartbreak should nt be this funny.
<EOS>
Giovanna and her husband Filippo have settled.
They both have jobs.
Make them unhappy.
She works.
He works the graveyard shift.
He is too weak to ask his boss.
They argue  There is a subtle sense.
This is a marriage whose love is dwindling fast.
Perhaps they are only going  the two of them are walking home and cross paths with an elderly man.
He is suffering  remembering nothing about himself and his current situation  although recalling random episodes from his remote past.
And  Filippo brings him back to their home for the night.
That he can take him in the hopes of unraveling the mystery.
That one night stretches.
Complications ensue.
The old man experiences strange episodes  flashbacks.
Reveal clues.
His actions lead.
Lorenzo lives.
Their apartment windows face each other.
The sexual tension is quite palpable.
They have both been secretly watching and lusting.
Giovanna and Lorenzo s instant friendship swiftly moves to flirtation and then.
However  Lorenzo s job is transferring him very soon.
Giovanna is put having to make a very quick decision.
Her heart tells her she should act.
Her mind tells her to be responsible.
Nevertheless  the two puzzle over the mystery of the old man.
They try to come for one another.
The only thing is the name Simone  so Giovanna and her family take.
The old man seems to remember.
Giovanna takes Simone s suit to be cleaned and discovers a love letter.
The next morning  Simone disappears  so Giovanna sets out to trace Davide Veroli of tracing him.
A meeting is arranged.
It turns out.
When Giovanna comes face to face.
He is the old man they called Simone.
Simone   had been the man.
Davide had loved when he was young.
Davide had been forced to kill him to prevent him.
Would then be transferred.
He was given many honors.
He lost his only love.
Who he was.
That had given him a roof the previous days.
Nonetheless  they became very good friends.
Davide helped.
Her make some big decisions  like pursuing her dream to work in a bakery and having the strength to end her marriage.
<EOS>
The cartoon states that  annually  118481 babies out will die before reaching their first birthday.
Thus  the cartoon shows John E.
Jones  a baby.
May add.
The cartoon proceeds to show most  including his school years  marriage  later life  and his golden years  providing other helpful health information along the way.
However  it returns as a baby  reminding the audience.
The cartoon ends.
John needs proper healthcare to survive.
The cartoon then states.
If every American paid just three cents a week  sufficient healthcare could be provided everywhere.
<EOS>
Dasu is the son.
Dasu becomes an orphan.
His father goes.
He stops his education and moves like a vagabond.
There is a smuggler.
Who used to smuggle drugs and arms.
But an honest police officer hatches a plan and sends one informer.
He stays for sometime and passes on information to the police  with the help  though not the kingpin.
Which the police were able to bust the smugglers team.
The don s assistant  advises him to play the same trick and admit one into the police to get information from the reverse side.
Who was also a lawyer.
However  he should not be but should be crooked and cunning.
The smugglers team s search ends.
The group threatens Dasu and make him to play.
He should at least pass tenth class.
Order to push him.
So  they admit him.
Where he falls with a teacher Nakshatra.
However  she does nt like him.
He neither has good education nor good looks.
E. 
The lawyer tells Dasu to study well and become a police officer to win her love.
Admitting the idea  Dasu turns a good student and gets.
Later  he becomes a constable and gets posted.
The smugglers unit hatches another plan and succeeds.
Nakshatra too starts liking him.
Soon   Nakshatra s brother   gets killed in the hands of Dasu at the behest of the don.
Who was a police informer.
She chides Dasu and starts hating him.
Dasu starts disliking his job.
He became a police officer only to win her love.
Dasu turns and finally kills him.
He lost her love.
Nakshatra learns  she reunites with Dasu.
Her brother actually died.
The film ends.
<EOS>
Van frequently visits his grandmother  Armen.
Who is living.
Van meets Aline.
Whose mother is.
Aline s job does not pay her enough to afford any better living conditions for her mother.
Van and Aline get to know each other at the nursing home.
Van s mother disappeared years ago and Stan  his father is reluctant to visit his.
Stan does go to visit Armen once.
He first visits.
He does not even recognize what she looks.
She attacks him.
When he finally sees Armen.
Van tries to convince his father to allow Armen to live.
He refuses.
Van also ties to convince Sandra  his father s live-in lover.
Whom he also has a flirtatious relationship.
She also refuses.
Van discovers.
Stan is re-using old videotapes.
Van decides to switch the tapes to save them.
He brings them and shows them to Armen.
She asks Van to look.
When Aline is asked to travel with him to Montreal.
She is away.
Aline s mother is upset.
She believes that Aline is deserting her  and so she commits suicide.
Van switches the two elderly women.
It appears that his grandmother has died.
He tells his father.
Armen is dead and holds a funeral before Aline returns from Montreal.
Van tells her.
When she comes back.
What he has done and shows her a videotape.
He asks her to help him to get his grandmother out by pretending.
She is taking her own mother out.
Soon Armen and Van are living.
Both Aline and Van are working.
Stan discovers.
Van switched the videotapes and wants to get them back.
Van   discovers images.
Watching the tapes.
Sandra visits Van to tell him.
Stan has discovered the switched tapes and that he saw Aline visiting what he thinks is his mother-in-law s grave.
She reports.
Stan has become suspicious and hired a private detective.
Van decides.
Stan visits Aline to confront her.
He needs to move his grandmother so she wo nt be discovered.
Stan tracks down the room.
Where Armen is being kept.
But  Van reports Armen.
He can get there.
Who has been staying.
Armen is safely moved to a new  better nursing home.
Van and Aline visit Armen in her new nursing home and find her sitting and talking with Van s mother - her daughter.
<EOS>
A Lower East Side bartender becomes entangled.
<EOS>
Pablo is a young boy living.
He has recently lost his father.
His only friend is an older teenaged girl named Julia.
One day  a mysterious  well-dressed man named.
Paco arrives and enters Pablo s life.
Neglected after his father s recent death  Pablo forms a strong attachment to Paco  despite the warnings of the townspeople.
<EOS>
Banker Hartley Moore schemes to sabotage the efforts of citizens to secure water rights.
Order to win water profits.
Who were overseeing the completion.
Steve Conway works for Mary Baxter and her father  George Baxter.
Jealous joins Moore in his scheming actions and hires Bull Dural and his gang to dynamite the water gates and kill the ditch riders.
Frog Millhouse are almost killed.
They apprehend Bull s henchmen and turn them over.
Conway and Bull then rob the payroll  accuse Gene  and encourage Baxter s workmen to revolt by destroying the dam.
Gene and Frog go.
Baxter and the railroad conductor hold off the men.
Conway and Moore steal the train to escape.
They are killed riding.
Baxter successfully finishes.
The irrigation  after which  Gene and Mary ride off.
<EOS>
Woody is a piano player.
Where a beautiful Brazilian woman wearing a red dress and a big green sombrero sits.
Word gives Woody their badges.
The woman still sitting then takes Woody in her arms and says  Es mi hombre magnifico.
You are my little sheriff.
You will get the bad hombre  no.
<EOS>
The film is set.
When India was still.
Child marriage was common practice back then.
Widows had a diminished position  and were expected to spend their lives in poverty and worship of God.
Widow re-marriages were legalized.
They were largely considered taboo.
She is dressed  her head is shaven.
When Chuyia  a seven-year-old girl  loses her husband.
She is deposited to spend the rest of her life in renunciation.
There are fourteen women.
Who live.
The ashram is ruled.
Her only friend is the pimp  Gulabi  a sprightly hijra.
Who not only keeps Madhumati supplied.
The two also have a side business  Gulabi helps Madhumati by taking her across the water to the customers.
Kalyani was forced as a child to support the ashram.
Shakuntala is perhaps the most enigmatic.
She is attractive  witty and sharp.
She is also one.
Who can read.
She exudes enough anger.
Even Madhumati leaves her alone.
Quiet and reserved  Shakuntala is caught.
Shakuntala is a very devout Hindu.
Who seeks the counsel.
It is he and the other widows  lives a misery.
Who makes Shakuntala aware giving her the necessary intellectual input to separate true faith from the hypocrisy and superstition that makes her.
She s attached   she sees.
Deprived and freedom of choices from a young age.
Herself reflected  and strives to give her what she lacked.
Chuyia is convinced.
Her stay is a temporary one  and that her mother will come to take her away.
She quickly adapts to her new life.
Madhumati sternly initiates her.
Meanwhile  Chuyia befriends the beautiful Kalyani.
Who is younger and more.
She is witness and even agent.
Kalyani feels attracted to this young man and eventually buys into his dream of marriage and a fresh life in Calcutta.
She eventually agrees to go away.
Her plan is disrupted.
When Chuyia   inadvertently blurts about the secret affair with Narayan while massaging Madhumati one evening.
Enraged and afraid of the imminent social disgrace  Madhumati locks Kalyani up.
Much  Shakuntala  the usually God-fearing widow  unlocks the door of the hovel and lets Kalyani out to go meet Narayan for the planned rendezvous.
He ferries her to take her home.
The journey however  does not culminate.
Kalyani had hoped.
She recognizes Narayan s bungalow.
It turns out.
Narayan is the son of the men she had slept with.
She demands.
He turn around the boat and take her back.
A confrontation reveals to Narayan the reason of Kalyani s sudden change of heart.
Disgusted to know the truth  he decides to walk out and join Mahatma Gandhi.
He arrives.
Kalyani has drowned herself.
Meanwhile  Madhumati sends Chuyia away  as a replacement for Kalyani for a waiting client.
Shakuntala finds out and runs out to prevent the worst.
She only arrives.
The child is deeply traumatized and barely able to respond.
Cradling Chuyia  she spends the night sitting.
Walking with Chuyia in her arms she hears about Gandhi being at the train station  ready to leave town.
Intuitively  she follows the crowd to receive his blessing.
Shakuntala runs  asking people to take Chuyia with them  and to put her under the care of Gandhi.
The train is departing.
She spots.
Narayan gives Chuyia to him.
The train departs leaving teary eyed Shakuntala behind  taking Chuyia.
<EOS>
Jerry is asleep  dreaming of Tom catching him and knocking him on the head.
The mouse wakes up and hears the knock again.
Sees and goes out to open it.
It s actually a knock.
There is basket  Jerry does not notice.
When he peeks out the first time  and then widens his eyes.
He pokes the basket.
It comes alive  runs through Jerry s home  and then runs into a wall.
Jerry pulls the blanket off to reveal.
It is Nibbles.
Wondering  he picks up the note attached  -- He s always hungry.
What to do.
Says  Please take care.
S.
Feed him lots.
Nibbles then confirms.
He s hungry.
Seeing  Jerry tells Nibbles to be quiet.
He has no food anywhere.
He tiptoes out  spotting Tom asleep by his bowl of milk.
Nibbles sees the milk and runs  Jerry repeatedly grabs the smaller mouse and pulls him back into the hole.
He is forced to hang Nibbles by his diaper.
Jerry then tells Nibbles to stay put  and goes out.
Meanwhile  the disobedient Nibbles has caught up and passed Jerry.
The bigger mouse does nt notice.
Nibbles climbs and jumps onto the rim of Tom s bowl.
Nibbles loses his balance and has to hang.
Causes Tom to wake up.
Jerry grabs Nibbles and the two land  splashing it in Tom s face.
The cat can open his eyes and see them.
Tom  startled  looks around and sees no one  so he starts to drink his milk.
Jerry and Nibbles are holding their breath.
Tom unsuspectingly scoops up Nibbles.
Jerry jumps out of the milk and bluntly opens the cat s mouth to retrieve Nibbles.
Begins the chase.
Jerry is holding Nibbles.
He runs.
Tom starts to catch up.
Nibbles switches positions until they reach the mousehole.
Nibbles is safe.
Jerry bumps his head just above the mousehole.
Fortunately  Nibbles quickly pulls him.
Tom crashes headfirst.
Jerry builds a pipe bridge to the milk by stringing straws together all the way into the bowl.
However  Tom is alert and opens one eye to see the end  and to hear and see milk being sucked out of his bowl.
Knowing  Tom turns the tables.
This is a hungry Nibbles.
Seeing the rapidly-worsening situation  Jerry squishes the very end  saving Nibbles just in time  and blows the small mouse into the mousehole.
Extremely angry  the cat chases Jerry into his hole.
Tom moves the hole over so that Jerry crashes.
Tom grabs Jerry.
Nibbles comes out to make the save.
The chase starts up again.
Jerry signals to stop  while Nibbles sips and spits some milk into Tom s face.
Jerry and Nibbles hide.
Tom hammers.
Seeing a chance to use deception  Jerry uses a container.
He discovers to disguise himself and Nibbles.
Emerging dressed in headscarf and in blackface greets Tom.
Comes Nibbles  also in blackface and wearing a headscarf.
However  the disguise is revealed.
When Nibbles  diaper falls down  exposing his tail and gray fur.
The chase continues  eventually leading grabbing a frying pan and hitting Tom in the face with it  knocking him out.
Jerry sadistically pulls out Tom s tongue.
His strength knocks the cat in the head  causing him to chomp his tongue.
Tom yells and the chase begins again.
Jerry hands the frying pan and allows himself to be chased through the room repeatedly.
However.
When the pair are.
This repeats a second time.
Jerry stops and points at the cat.
Nibbles obliges and hits Tom square  then crawls under the rug to escape along with Jerry.
Tom grabs a bottle to trap the mice.
They emerge  but picks it up too soon.
Nibbles taunts the cat and darts back.
Tom puts a stack on top of the bottle and goes under the rug to get Nibbles.
However  as soon  he meets a pie placed by Nibbles.
He emerges.
The cat chases him.
He stops  signals for the cat to stop  and starts to drink from it.
Tom   grabs Nibbles.
But  Nibbles has crawled.
When he opens his hands.
Therefore  Tom grabs his tail and a pistol and shoots.
When he emerges  but just shoots his tail instead.
Causes him to scream in agony.
The cat chases him and successfully corners him.
Nibbles runs away.
He gives him a good swat.
This proves unwise  causing an angry Jerry to run directly to inspect his nephew.
Tom s swat left a big red mark.
Jerry is furious.
He faces Tom.
Seeing  Tom pathetically hides.
He has pushed Jerry too far.
The flyswatter  not fooled in the slightest  lets out a massive bull roar  which scares Tom to literally turn yellow with fear.
He attempts to run away  but Jerry catches him on time  attacks and grabs him by the tail  slams the cat against the floor three times  throws him behind a garbage can  and pops open the lid into the cat s face repeatedly  over and over and over and over and over again.
He can escape.
A still-incensed Jerry is shown standing over an Tom s shoulder with a wooden meat tenderizer to keep the cat in line under threat of being whacked   not to let even one drop spill  or else.
A bandaged and bruised Tom timidly spoon-feeds milk to Nibbles for what he did to the little mouse.
<EOS>
Chellappa  an orphan  runs a photo studio with his friends.
Mary comes.
She helps her guru s family.
Kannan  her guru s son  is supposed to be.
Chellappa falls with Mary.
He proposes to marry her.
Mary reveals.
She was married.
She tells him her past.
Her real name was Gayatri  she was a rich girl.
She was.
Kannan had lot and had to help his poor family.
Gayatri s guardian accepted.
Vasanth  his son  also wanted to marry her and sent henchmen to kill him.
Kannan died Gayatri s birthday party.
Where her guardian had arranged after Gayatri promised to help his family.
Vasanth s father sent his son.
He apologized.
She went Mary s village instead of her.
Chellappa promises to hide her real identity.
Gayatri decides to find a good bride.
Uma claims.
She was.
Her ex-lover goes until now.
Kannan s family thinks.
Gayatri was a fraud.
Gayatri convinces Uma s ex-lover to forget Uma.
He attempts.
Gayatri and Chellappa saves her.
To save Uma s marriage  she hides the truth.
She is insulted.
Gayatri is humiliated.
Gayatri decides to leave the village.
Chellappa proves.
Gayatri was Kannan s lover and that she helped them.
Gayatri leaves the village and will send money.
Kannan s father   will wait.
Who waited.
<EOS>
Bobby Funke is a less than popular high school sophomore.
He s never finished an article.
Bobby claims he s a great writer.
Donovan s School Newspaper.
The editor-in-chief Clara  assigns Bobby to do an article.
Bobby attempts to get an interview  but is unable to get a story out and is bullied by Paul s friends.
Paul is the star.
Paul takes a fall and injures his knee.
The next morning Principal Kirkpatrick discovers.
The SATs have been stolen.
Kirkpatrick rounds up his usual suspects misfits along with Bobby to question them.
The group is innocent.
Kirkpatrick warns them all to watch their step.
Goes back The Sun.
When senior Francesca Facchini solicits Bobby s help tracking down the set.
4 March 2009  Funke uncovers a story.
He sets and links Paul Moore to the crime.
He writes an article pointing the finger.
Kirkpatrick forces Paul to open his locker.
The SATs fall out.
Funke becomes one of the most popular kids at St.
Donovan s.
Clara decides to submit Funke s article.
Earns Bobby a scholarship.
Funke wins the respect from Principal Kirkpatrick to the kid.
Farts in Spanish class.
Francesca takes Funke.
Do his suspicions.
Funke s popularity grows so.
Paul confronts Bobby  proclaiming his innocence  stating.
He got but decided to take the test again to see if he could get a better score.
Funke begins to wonder.
The president really stole the SATs or if he s just a pawn.
Funke investigates even deeper.
He discovers their involvement.
The Student Council had actually stolen the SATs along throughout the year  modifying the marks of the best students to make them doubt their test-taking abilities and turn to the Student Council for speed-like study drugs.
Funke says.
While Paul was nt a part  group ringleader Marlon Piazza has Paul framed to avoid being caught.
Funke also finds out.
Francesca led him to keep him from finding out the truth.
Francesca and Marlon  step-siblings  are revealed.
Funke confronts the group.
Marlon threatens to have Funke thrown and frame it as a suicide.
His threat and confession are heard.
He secretly turned  Funke s friends save him from being thrown out the window.
When Funke entered the room.
Kirkpatrick rushes.
Francesca attempts to gain Funke s trust again  only to be shut down and left to deal.
<EOS>
My Six Convicts is the true story to get through to his incarcerated patients.
The film was created.
Dealing. 
Dramatic license was taken.
The film is true.
Certain events are fictional and were created solely to add dramatic elements.
<EOS>
Wealthy housewife and children s author Cathryn receives a series.
The female voice suggests mockingly to her.
Her husband Hugh is having an affair.
Cathryn s husband comes home  finding her.
Hugh attempts to comfort her  but then he is gone.
She sees a different man.
Who is behaving as if he were her husband.
She screams and backs away.
To see her vision back to her husband.
Hugh attributes her outburst.
He decides to take a vacation.
But  Cathryn delves.
She dwells there.
She finds it difficult to determine and.
What is reality.
What is.
<EOS>
A young neurotic dedicates his life to harass others  especially his father and stepmother.
Not even an encounter manages to keep it away from his world of macabre fantasies.
<EOS>
The movie starts  and continues with happy family life and kids.
The couple decides to go.
Krishnaveni has subconscious bad memories and the place.
Where she was molested.
She starts having hallucinations  overwhelming fear and other symptoms.
She is sent and treated by psychologists.
She is not welcomed back by her family members  kids  neighbours or even her friends.
Society is afraid.
Evil people misuse this opportunity.
Slight disagreements or arguments are also treated.
She can not regain the affection.
Her misfortunes continue.
She becomes ill again.
The movie ends  but conveys a message about society s misconceptions about mental illness.
<EOS>
Tom is busy designing the perfect mousetrap  his blueprint details a Rube Goldberg machine designed to catch Jerry  and eventually become a worldwide success.
The blueprint also depicts stick figures of a mouse and a cat.
Tom retires to his bed.
Where he dreams.
The stick figure mouse suddenly comes  abseils down the drawing board  and enters Jerry s mousehole to warn him about Tom s plan.
Tom sleeps.
Never having seen such a thing before  Jerry is skeptical and refuses to follow the stick mouse.
Stick mouse makes the decision  dragging Jerry to the drawing board and blueprint.
When he is woken up again.
Just then  the stick figure cat also comes to life   it reveals itself to them.
When the two mice pass.
Promptly  Jerry hands stick-mouse an eraser   it grabs a brush and draws a bigger set before beginning the chase.
Who erases the cat s teeth.
Stick-mouse draws a mousehole on the blueprint   however  the stick mouse is pursued by the stick cat and is caught.
Jerry safely enters.
Jerry walks  draws shorter hind legs on it  and erases its bigger legs  causing stick-cat to fall down.
It looks down while chasing Jerry and discovers its modification  and in return  uses its tail as a lasso to retrieve Jerry.
Meanwhile  stick-mouse draws a bow and arrow and fires it.
Who pulls the arrow out and promptly deflates its own torso.
Stick-mouse runs away and camouflages itself  the cat suspects nothing.
Then runs away.
Turned the other way  the stick-mouse ladles the cat as one would spaghetti.
It unravels itself.
Both mice jump  with stick-mouse acting as a parachute.
Stick-Cat jumps down and bounces akin stick until it comes face-to-face with a jet of water fired by.
The cat disintegrates.
Jerry sucks the cat and empties it into Tom s jar of white ink.
Anything more can reform.
The two mice shake hands  but soon hear Tom yawning  about to wake up  quickly  they alter a key measurement.
Both mice narrowly return.
Tom sees them.
Tom gets to work building his mousetrap  not noticing anything amiss.
Tom hides emerges from his mousehole and grabs a piece of cheese.
His trap is completed.
Tom has tied.
This sets off a complicated chain.
Eventually lead the release.
Tom emerges and prepares Jerry for his demise by giving him one last cigarette.
The altered measurement causes the safe to land two feet closer - onto Tom instead of Jerry.
The safe door opens.
Tom emerges  now.
Not knowing the real cause  he curses over his failure and leans on the safe.
<EOS>
Inmate Charlie Forsythe swallowed 60000 volts of electricity for a murder.
He did not commit.
It has not been standing empty.
When Creedmore Prison is reopened.
Charlie Forsythe is back - still charged.
Waiting - the man.
Who stood.
Forsythe quickly makes up.
His vengeance rises.
Burke and the other inmates soon realize.
They will all be slaughtered unless Forsythe is allowed to repay his long-standing debt.
Sharpe and Forsythe are finally brought face-to-rotting-face in a duel.
Will pit Forsythe s supernatural rage for survival.
<EOS>
The cartoon starts.
When Bugs Bunny  feeling the effects  unknowingly climbs out of his hole and into a rocket ship that is about to be launched into space.
He realizes.
What has happened once he screws open the tip  and is immediately hit by the satellite Sputnik and lands on what appears to be a space station.
Bugs meets Marvin the Martian.
There. 
Who is trying to blow up earth because it obstructs my view of Venus.
Bugs steals Marvin s explosive and Marvin uses different tricks to try to catch Bugs and get the explosive back.
He tricks the Instant Martians into flying off the road and falling through a trap door.
Bugs then steals one.
He stole for the bottle of Instant Martians.
Flying  swaps the explosive.
The explosive is lit  and soon explodes can finish saying its name.
Marvin concedes.
It is back while Bugs is flying back to Earth.
He has to crash land and finds himself.
When Bugs arrives.
The bottle falling into the sewer.
The Martians begin to grow.
Bugs climbs out  frantically replaces the manhole cover and warns the audience to Run for the hills folks.
You ll be up in Martians.
<EOS>
The film is set  during the Japanese colonial rule of Korea.
Jeong Taek is a master.
He returns home one day to find his father poisoned.
Who claims that the elder was responsible.
So Gyeon  Taek is forced into action.
When Japanese forces lay claim.
<EOS>
Two friends  Arjun Singh and Pyare Mohan  are.
Arjun s sister Seema is.
Arjun has no female companion.
Some petty comments are made.
The villain Zorawar runs a business smuggling arms and diamonds.
Zorawar appears terrified.
The mood seems to come and go   he has no problem doing so.
When it comes to snuffing one out.
He also gets rid.
He discovers that he is being spied upon and along with the cop spying on him.
But there s another  Neha  a friend.
Who happens to see her friend die.
Scared  and after her  she calls the police station and asks for Pyare.
Arjun is asked to go  and masquerade as Pyare.
He is not there.
Who had been described by her dead friend.
He takes her to Pyare s house and even ges to the extent of asking Pyare to masquerade as Arjun Singh.
A hilarious riot starts.
Arjun and Pyare exchange places and get busy trying to protect Neha.
When in pop two petty thieves who look exactly.
They call themselves Bade Miyan and Chote Miyan.
Arjun and Pyare are blamed.
The crooks commit.
Things are nt helped.
When Shyamlal  Anupam Kher  the police commissioner  is also thrashed.
Also  Arjun and Pyare are blamed.
Matters are not helped  thus completing the confusion.
When even Bade and Chote are mistaken by Seema and Neha.
Further trouble arrives.
When Zorawar kidnaps Seema and asks in return.
Arjun and Pyare   are saved.
Who have been arrested.
Who explain their acts and promise to get Neha and Seema back.
They then  along stage a dance program at Zorawar s hideout.
They are asked to dance continuously by Zorawar and nearly pass out doing so.
When Arjun and Pyare do nt arrive.
Everyone is arrested.
The crooks leave  some of Zorawar s men  hijack the police van.
Is to take Zorawar and his associates.
They are stopped by Bade and Chote  asking for a lift.
The latter realise.
Proceed to badly thrash Zorawar and his men and return him.
Arjun and Pyare are badly criticised are given a job in the police force by the commissioner himself.
The film ends.
<EOS>
Shy and luckless clerk Stanley Ipkiss works.
He is bullied.
He is around.
His only friends are his Jack Russell Terrier Milo and his co-worker Charlie Schumaker.
Meanwhile  gangster Dorian Tyrell operates.
A nightclub called the Coco Bongo while plotting to overthrow his boss Niko.
Tyrell sends his singer girlfriend Tina Carlyle.
Stanley is attracted.
She seems to reciprocate.
He finds a mysterious wooden mask.
Placing it transforms him into a zoot-suited  green-faced  bizarre trickster known as the Mask.
Who is able to act.
The transformed Stanley enacts revenge.
Who ripped him off the night before.
Attempts to rob him.
The next morning  Stanley encounters detective Lieutenant Kellaway and newspaper reporter Peggy Brandt investigating the Mask s activity.
To attend Tina s performance and   he again becomes the Mask.
Order to steal money targeted.
The Mask dances exuberantly with Tina.
The Mask flees  leaving behind a scrap of cloth belonging to himself.
Kellaway accuses Stanley.
He escapes trouble and later consults an expert.
Who tells him that the object is a depiction.
Stanley arranges for Tina to meet the Mask at the local Landfill Park.
The meeting is proceeding.
Planned when Lt.
Kellaway attempts to arrest him.
The Mask tricks a large group into joining him in a mass-performance of the Desi Arnaz song Cuban Pete.
Stanley flees.
He is betrayed.
Tyrell tries and becomes a malevolent green-faced being.
Forced to reveal the location  Stanley is kept hostage in one of the mob s cars.
Tyrell s henchmen reclaim the money.
Stanley is later given to Kellaway along green mask to be detained.
He urges her to flee the city.
When Tina visits Stanley.
Tina thanks Stanley and tells him.
She knew that he was the Mask all along.
She attempts to leave the city  but is captured and taken to a charity ball hosted by Niko and attended by the city s elite  including the city s mayor Mitchell Tilton.
The masked Tyrell kills Niko  and prepares to destroy both the club and Tina.
Milo helps Stanley escape prison.
They  bringing Kellaway  go to stop Tyrell.
Stanley is spotted by Orlando and captured.
Tina tricks Tyrell.
Is. 
Who defeats Tyrell s men  while Stanley fights Tyrell.
Stanley then recovers the mask and uses its abilities to save Tina.
The police arrive and arrest Tyrell s remaining henchmen again  then Tilton announces to everyone.
Tyrell was The Mask the whole time  as a way to let Stanley go.
Tilton tells Stanley.
Thanks him.
He goes on to say.
He needs to have a meeting the next morning.
All charges are dropped.
Tina  Milo  and Charlie take the mask back down.
The sun rises the following day  Stanley.
She and Stanley begin to kiss.
Stanely can say.
And kiss again.
Charlie attempts to retrieve the mask  only to find Milo swimming away with it.
<EOS>
It s 1987  New Jersey and Debby Miller has just been diagnosed with a condition called hysterical blindness.
Which there are moments when her sight fades in and out.
The doctor tells her to try to have fun.
She and her best friend Beth go to find a man and have a drink.
Beth flirts gets angry with her and decides to go outside.
There she meets Rick.
He wants little to do.
She convinces him to walk her.
She offers to buy him a drink and tells him.
She will be again tomorrow.
The next day they run at the same bar.
She asks him to go somewhere else.
They end up.
It is clear  so along she tells him.
Rick has little interest.
She ` gives a great blow job.
Afterwards  she thinks.
She has found love.
Rick was only looking.
Debby goes home.
Where her mother Virginia has also started dating an older man named Nick who wants her to move to Florida.
Nick passes away suddenly.
Virginia realizes.
Until she met Nick  she had been living her life waiting to happen to her.
Debby  Beth and Virginia struggle to find stability in their New Jersey town and agree.
All they need is each other.
<EOS>
Note  This summary is based.
The Colonial Marine spaceship Sulaco experiences an onboard fire and launches an escape pod containing Ellen Ripley along  and the damaged android Bishop.
All four are.
The ship s medical scans of the crew s cryotubes show an Alien facehugger attached to one of the crewmembers.
The pod then crashes.
An Alien facehugger is seen approaching the prison dog.
Some inmates recover the pod and its passengers.
Ripley is taken and awakened by Clemens  the prison doctor  and is told.
She is the only survivor.
Many  led by Dillon  have embraced an apocalyptic  millenarian version of Christianity.
Ripley is warned.
Her presence may have extremely disruptive effects.
Suspicious.
What caused the escape pod.
What killed her companions.
Clemens.
She fears.
Newt may be carrying an Alien embryo  though she does not share this information.
The autopsy is conducted.
No embryo is found.
Clemens proclaims.
She simply died.
Meanwhile  Ripley s unusual behavior begins to frustrate the warden and is agitating the prisoners.
Three attempt to rape her before being violently thwarted by Dillon.
A funeral is performed.
Which their bodies are cremated.
The prison dog enters convulsions  and a seemingly full-grown Alien bursts from its body.
The Alien soon begins to attack members  killing several and returning an outcast prisoner Golic to his former deranged state.
To get answers  Ripley recovers and reactivates the damaged android Bishop.
It came to Fiorina in the escape pod.
She then informs Andrews with the Aliens and suggests everyone work together to hunt it down and kill it.
Andrews does not believe her story and explains.
The facility has no weapons.
Their only hope is the rescue ship being sent for Ripley by the Weyland-Yutani Corporation.
Back   it suddenly pauses  then retreats  mysteriously sparing her life.
Talking about the situation  Clemens is killed by the Alien  but when it is about to attack Ripley.
She runs to warn the others  only to see the Alien kill the warden.
Ripley rallies the inmates and proposes they pour highly flammable toxic waste   and ignite it to flush out the creature.
Is stored.
An explosion is caused  resulting in several deaths.
Using the medical equipment  Ripley scans herself and discovers the embryo of an Alien Queen growing inside her.
She also finds out.
The Corporation truly wants the Queen embryo and the adult Alien  hoping to turn them.
Deducing  Ripley begs Dillon to kill her  he agrees to do so only.
The mature alien will not kill her because she carries.
She helps the inmates kill the adult creature first.
They form a plan to lure it and drown it in molten lead by trapping it by closing a series of doors.
The bait-and-chase style plan results  except Morse.
Who pours the lead.
The Alien  covered  escapes the mold and is killed by Ripley.
When she turns the beast with water  causing its exoskeleton to cool rapidly and shatter via thermal shock.
The Weyland-Yutani team arrives.
Ripley battles the Alien.
Who looks identical  claiming to be its creator.
He tries to persuade Ripley to undergo surgery to remove the Queen embryo.
He claims will be destroyed.
Ripley refuses and steps back.
Morse positions.
The company men shoot Morse.
Aaron picks up a large wrench and strikes Bishop with it.
Aaron is shot dead.
Bishop and his men show their true intentions  begging Ripley to let them have the magnificent specimen.
Ripley defies them.
As the alien Queen begins to erupt.
Ripley grabs the creature  holding on.
She dies.
She falls.
The facility is closed down.
The last surviving inmate  Morse  is led away.
A sound recording is heard from the Sulaco escape pod.
<EOS>
A meteorite crashes  an elderly transient discovers  within the sphere  a jelly-like substance.
Attaches itself.
Three high school students  Brian Flagg  Meg Penny and Paul Taylor  encounter the man and take him.
Paul witnesses the lower half of the transient melting from exposure to the Blob.
The Blob drops.
He calls.
Meg arrives to see Paul being devoured.
Meg is thrown and knocked unconscious.
Trying to free him his arm is torn.
The Blob oozes out.
They meet.
Brian and Meg have unsatisfactory encounters.
Where Meg tells Brian.
Brian s disbelief is shattered.
When the diner s handyman is grabbed and pulled head first by the Blob.
It pursues them.
Where it retreats because it can not tolerate cold.
The Blob reenters the sewers.
Meg and Brian return.
Where the dispatcher tells them Deputy Briggs is.
They discover a military operation led.
Who orders the town quarantined.
Brian escapes a military van and collects his motorbike.
Meg is taken.
Where she learns her younger brother Kevin is missing.
Meg learns he.
His friend Eddie have sneaked to see a slasher film thanks to Eddie s usher brother Anthony.
The Blob infiltrates the theater and attacks the staff and then the audience.
Meg arrives.
The audience is fleeing the theater and manages to rescue Eddie and Kevin.
Brian eavesdrops speaking to his assistant Jennings and learns.
The Blob is a biological warfare experiment created.
Anthony then reports.
He witnessed The Blob chasing Meg  Kevin and Eddie.
Brian overhears.
Meadows decide to trap The Blob  and that he is willing to let Meg  Kevin and Eddie die to do so.
Brian is discovered listening in and evades military personnel.
Meg  Eddie and Kevin flee from the Blob.
Kevin escapes by scaling a pipe and squeezing through a grate.
Eddie is devoured.
Meg is saved.
Who confronts Meddows.
Brian is contaminated and must die.
It oozes and drags him into the sewer.
The Blob proceeds to feast  proving impervious to the military s attempts to stop it.
The town s Reverend Meeker proclaims the scene to be the prophesied end of the world.
Which a failed flamethrower attack sets him ablaze.
Meg saves him  and in the process blasts the Blob with it.
The monster backs off.
She realizes.
It can not stand cold.
The surviving humans retreat and hold the Blob at bay with furniture-barricades and fire extinguishers.
It is a losing battle.
Brian goes and gets a snow maker truck.
Has canisters.
Brian drives and shoots snow at the creature.
As the Blob is about to devour Meg and her family.
Is angered and knocks the truck over.
Meg lures it away she has rigged with an explosive charge taken from a dying soldier.
The Blob surges.
She tries to get clear  but snags her foot  leaving her dangling upside down.
Brian regains consciousness and runs over to free her.
The Blob is about.
When the charge goes off  blowing up the canisters and covering the Blob.
The creature is flash-frozen  shattering.
Moss Woodley has its remains hauled away.
The film cuts.
Where Meeker  disfigured  is now crazed  preaching a doomsday sermon sounding like the Blob s attack.
Asked  he replies Soon  Madame  soon  the Lord will give me a sign.
When the time will come.
And holds up a glass jar containing a fragment.
Is slowly moving.
<EOS>
The King is killed during a Viking raid led by the fearsome Ragnar.
His cousin Aella takes the throne.
The king had died childless.
The king s widow  however  is pregnant.
What she knows is Ragnar s child.
To protect the infant  she sends him off to Italy.
The ship is intercepted by the Vikings.
Who are unaware  and enslave him.
The boy grows.
His parentage is finally discovered  a Northumbrian nobleman opposed to Aella.
Egbert finds sanctuary.
When Aella accuses him.
Egbert recognises the Northumbrian royal sword s pommel stone.
When he was a child.
Erik incurs the wrath after the former orders his falcon to attack Einar  taking out one of his eyes.
Erik is saved.
When the tribal shaman Kitala says that Odin will curse whoever kills him.
He is left to drown with the rising tide by Ragnar s decree to avoid the curse.
The wind shifts and forces the water away  saving him.
Erik calls out.
Egbert then claims him.
Egbert hopes to find an opportunity to take advantage to the Northumbrian kingdom.
The enmity is exacerbated.
When they both fall with Princess Morgana  who was to marry King Aella but is captured in a raid suggested by Egbert.
Einar confesses his feelings to Ragnar.
Who tells Einar he can have Morgana.
Einar throws the guards -- defying his expectations of resistance  she submits to him  her emotions towards Einar clearly divided between attraction and revulsion.
Morgana is being held on.
But he had constructed.
Things can go any further  Erik grabs Einar and knocks him out  then takes Morgana away on a small ship.
Erik and Morgana flee.
Einar regains consciousness and gives the alarm.
Several pursuing longships quickly gain.
Ragnar s longship hits a rock and sinks.
Erik s boat is guided safely that Sandpiper obtained in a distant land.
Einar   believes Ragnar to be dead and grudgingly abandons the chase.
Ragnar  however  is rescued and taken prisoner to Aella.
Erik and Morgana become lovers.
She agrees to seek release.
Aella orders the Viking leader bound and thrown.
To give Ragnar a Viking s death  Erik   cuts the prisoner s bonds and gives him his sword.
Who is granted the honor.
Laughing  Ragnar jumps.
Aella cuts off his left hand  puts him back on his ship and casts him adrift.
Erik returns  and tells his.
How his father died  and what had been Aella s reward.
Erik will guide their ships.
Putting their mutual hatred aside  Einar and Erik sail for England.
The dragon longships land and the Vikings begin to move inland.
The alarm is sounded.
The terrified peasants abandon their fields and flocks and flee to take refuge.
Soon the Vikings are arrayed.
Shouting the name.
Einar has several Vikings throw axes at the closed drawbridge.
Bars entrance s keep.
Several are killed.
Enough survive to throw their axes.
A ladder is created to climb after he leaps across the moat to the drawbridge.
He gains entry to the keep and lowers the drawbridge.
That the other Vikings can overwhelm the outnumbered English.
Erik and Einar both set off.
Erik encounters Aella instead and shoves him.
Einar finds Morgana of the keep  and again begins to make love to her  telling her she will be his queen.
Morgana tells Einar.
She hates him  and loves Erik.
Enraged  Einar drags her outside and calls Erik.
The two bitter rivals engage.
Erik is defeated  his sword broken.
Einar hesitates to kill him.
It is unclear.
Whether his hesitation owes.
This few-second window gives Erik   the opportunity to stab Einar.
Who does not yet know they share the same father.
Echoing the scene  Erik gives Einar a sword.
That he too can enter Valhalla.
Einar is given a Viking funeral  his body is placed on a longship.
Is set by flaming arrows.
<EOS>
The movie starts  strangers to each other  meeting at suicide point of Vizag seashore.
They realize.
Their goal is the same.
Suicide  that is.
Sravani s reason is her nagging relatives.
Who are also guardians.
They are.
A friend cheated Subramanyam.
Who took a lump some by offering to get a job in Dubai.
Sravani and Subramanyam fulfil their last wishes.
They consume ample amount.
The house owner rescues them.
Subramanyam lands up later as the relatives of Sravani take her back to the home.
Subramanyam s marriage gets fixed with her maternal uncle.
Sravani and Subramanyam flee independently.
The rest is about.
The lovers unite.
Samrin acts as the boss s daughter loving Ravi Teja.
She is the glamor doll and turned out to be a big relief for this otherwise serious love subject.
She added another angle to make this film triangular.
Music was by Chakri.
K.
Dutt worked for this film.
Some bits are seen in Hindi movie  Anjaana Anjaani directed by Siddharth Anand starring Priyanka Chopra and Ranbir Kapoor.
<EOS>
Linus is fond.
To prove his point  he buys her a huge heart-shaped box.
However  Violet warns him.
It is probably not smart to fall with a teacher.
But Linus says.
He s fond.
But Sally Brown believes.
When he leaves.
Linus bought the candy  and decides to make him a valentine in return.
Later  Lucy goes.
Lucy asks for popcorn.
However  he gives her candy  then soda  and finally popcorn.
Snoopy ca nt understand Lucy.
He tells a story about true lovers.
Valentine s Day then comes.
The gang brings valentine cards.
Charlie Brown brings a briefcase hoping.
He will get lots.
However   it turns out.
The cards are passed out.
Charlie Brown got none.
Linus also never gave his candy.
She left.
Sally  is dismayed.
Who still believes the box is for her.
When he attempts to go.
Both heartbroken  they take their sadness and anger.
Linus throws his chocolate.
Charlie Brown kicks his mailbox.
The next day Violet gives Charlie Brown a used valentine   despite Schroder berating Violet for buying a card for him the day after Valentine s Day and giving it to him out of guilt.
Charlie Brown expresses hope.
Charlie Brown and Linus meet later.
Violet s pity valentine will start a trend.
He ll get even more valentines the following year.
<EOS>
Nobita was reading a picture book.
He sees Adam and Eve disobeying god and eating the apple in the garden of Eden.
Nobita comments.
Their descendants have to face many difficulties and Eve s mistake.
Then Doraemon reminds Nobita.
He had to do his summer vacation research homework.
Then Nobita decides to see his friends research homework.
He decides to see his project first.
Dekisugi ranks first.
Then Nobita finds.
Dekisugi has finished his research.
Then Nobita goes to see on.
What is Shisuka researching.
Then he finds.
Shisuka is keeping observatory.
Then he goes to see.
What is Gian doing.
He discovers.
Gian has done nothing.
Then Gian and Nobita go to see.
They see.
Suneo is filling helium with a letter containing a telephone card.
The person gets the telephone card.
Who finds the letter.
He will receive location.
Where the balloon dropped.
Then he will record it.
Then Suneo can record everyday s weather and wind direction.
Then Gian threatens Suneo and gets a share.
Nobita gets frustated and blames Adam and eve.
<EOS>
The film follows big band leader Glenn Miller through to his 1944 death.
When the airplane he was flying in was lost during World War II.
Prominent placement is given to Miller s courtship and marriage to Helen Burger  and various cameos by actual musicians.
Who were colleagues.
Several turning points are depicted with varying degrees of verisimilitude  including  the success of an early jazz band arrangement  his departure from the Broadway pit and sideman work to front a band of his own  the failure of his first band on the road  and the subsequent re-forming of his successful big band and the establishment of the Miller Sound as typified by Moonlight Serenade.
Also depicted is Miller s international success touring his band.
There are several anachronisms.
A B29 bomber is.
When the military band led is playing in front of General Hap Arnold.
They were introduced.
The parade seemingly is  just after Miller s induction into the Army.
Also  the marching troops are desegregated.
Did nt happen.
<EOS>
Sammy Rice is a British scientist working during World War II.
Rice is embittered.
He feels military scientific research is being incompetently managed.
He is also enduring unremitting pain.
The painkillers are ineffective.
He has been prescribed.
His use has led to his alcoholism.
His girlfriend Susan puts up as long.
She can  but finally breaks up  telling him.
He lacks the ambition to better himself.
Rice is brought to help solve the problem of small booby-trapped explosive devices being dropped by Nazi bombers.
Have killed four people.
They receive some useful information.
Two further bombs are found  they look like thermos flasks.
Stuart is first but has difficulty getting Rice on the telephone in his flat.
Rice is angry  drunk and destructive.
Rice quickly sobers up.
Stuart goes ahead by himself and is blown up.
Rice arrives later that day and sets to work after listening to the transcription taken by an ATS corporal.
He discovers.
The device has two booby traps  not one  and manages to defuse them both.
He is offered the position.
When Rice returns.
He accepts.
Susan returns.
They go back.
<EOS>
Eleven years ago  a cave-in trapped six miners.
Six days later  rescue teams found five dead miners and the comatose Harry Warden.
Who survived.
Tom Hanniger  the mine owner s son  was blamed.
He forgot to vent the methane lines.
Warden wakes from his coma and kills many people.
Was the site.
Sarah goes and gets lost looking for Axel and Irene.
She runs.
A few seconds later he is killed.
She is confronted in full miner s garb  carrying a bloody pickaxe.
She flees.
Axel grabs her and they  along  hide from the killer.
Warden eventually sees the trio.
They run out  meeting Tom.
He comes in.
The killer hits Tom  injuring him.
The other three run and leave Tom behind.
Tom runs back.
The police arrive and shoot Warden.
Tom can be killed.
Who makes his getaway back.
Ten years later  Tom s father   dies.
Whom Tom has been estranged.
Tom inherits the mine.
Tom returns after his father s funeral to sell the mine.
Axel is now sheriff and married.
He is cheating on her.
Who works at Sarah s grocery store.
Megan tells Axel.
Megan and Axel have sex.
She is pregnant.
Meanwhile.
Where Tom is staying.
Later  Tom visits his newly inherited mine.
Warden appears and forces Tom into a cage  Warden bends.
The metal latch  making Tom s escape impossible.
Warden then murders William Red Kirkpatrick the miner.
Who was accompanying Tom.
Warden flees.
The rest arrive.
Suspicion falls  despite the fact.
He was locked the entire time.
Axel then asks Jim Burke  the retired sheriff.
What happened.
The retired sheriff says.
He and Ben Foley  the mine manager killed and buried Warden.
Warden s body is no longer there.
When Axel  Tom  and Sarah go.
Next  Ben Foley and Megan are killed.
The killer then goes and kills Axel s son s baby-sitter Rosa and Jim Burke.
Who was trying to catch him.
Tom tries to take Sarah in the woods to convince her.
Axel is the killer.
Axel calls Sarah  Axel tells her.
She and Tom are.
Tom has been and is the killer.
Sarah crashes Tom s car and makes her way.
She is chased.
Sarah goes.
Where the original murders took place.
She is joined.
Axel and Sarah realize.
A brief stand off.
Tom is delusional.
A montage then plays out all the murders  revealing Tom to be the killer.
Tom committed the murder  then locked himself in the cage  hallucinating Warden as his nemesis.
Sarah shoots a tank and causes an explosion  triggering a partial.
She and Axel escape  believing Tom to be dead.
A rescue team enters the mine to look.
Tom kills a rescue worker and escapes the scene dressed.
<EOS>
Three teenagers witness the brutal murder by an insane salaryman.
The teenagers find themselves united and become friends.
Later the teenagers hold a party to take their mind.
Their party is crashed.
One teenager finds his newly-found girlfriend being raped.
The teenagers deal by using extreme violence.
<EOS>
Dixon Dix Steele is a down-on-his-luck screenwriter.
Who has not had a hit since.
Mel Lippman   Dix s explosive temper is revealed at a stop light along the way.
Driving to meet his agent.
Mel cajoles him to adapt a book for a movie.
The hat-check girl  Mildred Atkinson  is engrossed and asks.
She can finish.
She only has a few pages left.
Dix has a second violent outburst.
When a young director bad-mouths Dix s friend Charlie  a washed-up actor.
Dix claims to be too tired to read the novel  so he asks Mildred to go home  ostensibly to explain the plot.
They pass a new tenant  Laurel Gray.
They enter the courtyard.
As soon  she describes the story and confirms -- the book is trash.
Mildred is convinced that Dix s motives are honorable.
What he had suspected.
He gives her cab fare to get home.
The next morning  he is awakened.
Who takes him downtown to be questioned.
Mildred was murdered.
Dix is a suspect.
Laurel is brought and confirms seeing the girl leave Dix s apartment alone.
Lochner is still deeply suspicious.
He anonymously sends her a dozen white roses.
Dix shows no overt sympathy.
Dix checks up.
When he gets home.
He finds.
She is an aspiring actress.
They begin to fall  this invigorates Dix into going back to work with a vengeance  much to his agent s delight.
However  Dix behaves strangely.
He says things.
Make his agent and Brub s wife Sylvia wonder if he did kill the girl.
Lochner sows seeds of doubt in Laurel s mind  pointing out Dix s lengthy record of violent behavior.
Dix becomes furiously irrational.
When he learns.
He drives  with Laurel a terrified passenger.
They sideswipe another car.
Nobody is hurt  but   Dix beats him unconscious and is about to strike him.
When the other driver accosts him.
When Laurel stops him.
Laurel gets.
Where she can not sleep.
Her distrust and fear are becoming too much for her.
She accepts but only.
When he asks her to marry him.
She is too scared.
She makes a plane reservation and tells Mel.
She is leaving because she can not take it anymore.
Dix finds out and almost strangles her.
He regains control.
Just then  the phone rings.
It is Brub  Mildred s boyfriend has confessed to her murder.
Tragically  it is too late to salvage Dix and Laurel s relationship.
<EOS>
The film revolves.
Whose lives undergo a complete change  Khushi.
The friends Sids or Siddhant  Bhargav or Bugs  Ronnie  Radha  Ruby  KS.
He stammers a lot.
They all are the young and vibrant students.
Both Sids and Bugs fall with her.
Kushi comes a lot in their lives and as the days pass by.
But Kushi loves Sids.
Sids is driven.
He throws friendship aside.
A desirable woman  who he believes  is his stepping stone.
He dreams and perform with Roxy.
But nothing stops them to come closer and closer each day.
Bugs finds himself falling deeper and deeper  but is forced to keep it a secret.
Only he can treasure.
He takes Khushi.
Khushi  broken  returns to her comfortable yet lonely existence  The very home.
She left to find genuine love and lasting friendships.
Emotional upheavals also haunt the rest.
When a close colleague develops AIDS.
<EOS>
Irma la Douce -LSB- Irma the Sweet -RSB- tells the story.
Who  finds a street full of prostitutes working the at Hotel Casanova and proceeds to raid the place.
The police inspector   have been aware but are tolerating them in exchange for bribes.
Who is Nestor s superior  and the other policemen.
The inspector  a client himself  fires Nestor.
Who is accidentally framed.
Kicked off the force and humiliated  Nestor finds himself drawn.
Ended his career.
Nestor becomes close friends with Irma La Douce  a popular prostitute.
He also reluctantly accepts   the proprietor of Chez Moustache  a man known only as Moustache.
-LRB-   Nestor moves in with her.
Moustache After Irma dumps her pimp boyfriend.
He soon finds himself.
Jealous comes up with a plan to stop Irma s prostitution.
But he soon finds out.
It s not all that it s cracked up to be.
He invents an alter-ego  Lord X  a British peer.
Who becomes Irma s sole client.
Nestor s plans to keep Irma soon backfire.
She becomes suspicious.
Nestor must work long and hard to earn the cash Lord X pays Irma.
Nestor decides to end the charade.
When Irma decides to leave Paris.
Unaware  he finds a secluded stretch and tosses his disguise into it.
He s being tailed.
The pimp  not having seen Nestor change his clothes  sees Lord X s clothes floating  and concludes.
Nestor murdered him.
Arrested  Nestor is advised by Moustache against revealing.
Lord X was a fabrication.
The jails are full  the barkeep claims.
They told the truth.
Nestor admits to having killed Lord X  but only because of his love for Irma.
Hauled in love with him  Nestor is sentenced to 15 years  hard labor.
Learning that Irma is pregnant Nestor escapes  with Moustache s help  and returns to Irma.
He narrowly avoids being recaptured  but donning his old uniform Nestor simply.
When the police search in Irma s apartment.
Nestor arranges for the police to search for him along the Seine.
Which  dressed  he emerges.
Knowing  Nestor rushes.
He ca nt be rearrested that the police now know did nt occur.
Where he plans to marry Irma.
They barely make it.
Irma delivers their baby.
Moustache notices one.
Nestor and everyone else is occupied.
Rising and walking past Moustache  the guest is none other than Lord X.
But  he says.
S another story.
<EOS>
Justin Petersen is a popular 16-year-old high school student and a successful swimmer.
Justin s coach announces.
Justin has made the All-State team  which pleases his parents  particularly his mother Diane  who used to swim as well.
Justin is introduced.
When a friend sends him a link.
Captivated  Justin is then exposed  only to be caught by his mother.
It is easy to be aware of her son s behavior.
Justin does little to make his activities clandestine.
He continues to view pornographic images in public places  making little effort to cover his tracks.
Justin s late nights soon impact upon his lap times.
He betrays Amy s trust  and exposes his younger brother  leaving Alex queasy.
Alex to porn.
Justin begins to gain a reputation after showing his friends S&M porn.
Eventually  his addiction causes him to almost miss the All-State swim finals.
Where he places third.
Discovering a CD-R titled Virgin Vaginas  Diane confronts Justin and moves his computer.
This  however  does not stop him.
Justin continues to surf the web  eventually racking up extensive bills on his parents  credit cards.
He goes and gets caught hacking the internet firewall.
He is suspended from the swim team and placed on overall probation.
Justin becomes closer and increasingly ignores Amy.
Amy puts the brakes on their relationship  finding Justin s attitude towards sexual matters to be repulsive.
However   Justin hesitates.
When Monica tries to seduce him.
An angry Monica kicks him out.
Monica throws a physical tantrum and bangs her own head  causing it to bleed.
Justin endeavours to make amends with Amy.
He is noticed by another schoolmate.
Who relays that he is near.
Monica is.
It is presumed.
She told others that Justin was responsible.
The schoolmates beat Justin up  disturbed by his reputation and the alleged incident with Monica.
Depressed  Justin arrives at the school s swimming pool and leaps in  presumably to drown himself.
He would be under the water fantasizing about women and porn.
This time he thinks.
He has to live.
He saves himself and apparently breaks his addiction.
<EOS>
Dr Ranveer has been very protective.
Since his son died six years ago.
Ria gets frightened  making her drop her umbrella.
Walking home from college.
A gang zoom by her.
She yells  helping her picks up her wet notebooks.
They stop feet away and when one removes his helmet and walks over to Ria.
Ria and her friends go to a club and the man.
Who had helped Ria approaches her while.
She is surprised to meet him again and is stunned.
When he tells her that he has been thinking ever since that rainy night.
He forces her to dance.
There she feels something then but she does not want to admit it.
Dr Ranveer shows up asking.
The man introduces himself.
She leaves.
Dr Ranveer wants to take Ria home.
Aryan goes to a brothel.
Where a prostitute named Saira teases Aryan and angers him when she asks him to sleep to which he refuses.
He takes her.
Where she thinks they are going to have sex.
Aryan brutally beats her up.
Dr Ranveer is called to treat her.
The next morning  Aryan walks and takes her to his place.
Where he shows her a portrait he made the first night they met.
He lights it and tells her.
When she tells him it s beautiful  more beautiful.
There s nothing.
She runs out  but realizes.
She s fallen with him.
They begin to spend time together.
He asks her.
They can meet the next day.
Ria walks.
Totally. 
Where she learns that her parents have planned a surprise vacation.
Ria tells her parents.
She does not want to miss out.
They assure her.
She will not.
They go.
Ria thinks.
Who is.
He then smashes his clock.
Ria cleans and looks out the window to see Aryan.
She rushes outside to look.
Him but does not see him  until he strangles her saying that she deceived him and was trying to get away.
He lets.
Her go.
She explains.
She left and explains the horrific day of the car accident six years ago that hospitalized Dr Ranveer for six months but killed her brother.
Aryan apologizes and tells her.
Her father only has a place and that he has everything else.
They spend the next three days together.
Dr Ranveer spots them together.
He takes Ria home and tells her to call him over.
She is thrilled.
He makes a good impression  but not her father and Aryan tells Ria.
When Aryan comes over.
He sensed that.
Dr Ranveer tells his wife.
He s seen Aryan somewhere before and that it is something disturbing.
Aryan tries to steal a car.
That they can sell it.
But one gets injured in the process.
They take him.
Dr Ranveer tells the prostitute Saira.
Then she spots Aryan   but he does not see Aryan.
Who is stunned to see Dr Ranveer treating Saira.
Saira tries to tell Dr Ranveer.
Aryan beat her.
Dr Ranveer does not see Aryan s face.
One day  Dr Ranveer finds an old article.
Trying to find a colleague s phone number.
He shows Ria and his wife.
Ria confronts Aryan.
He tells her.
He did kill his father.
His father used to drink and beat Aryan s mother everyday and one day he finds out.
His mother had died.
So he burnt his father alive.
Ria apologizes.
They make up.
She tries to explain.
He refuses to believe Aryan s innocence  pointing.
He was still a killer.
Ria then yells.
Ria s mother slaps her.
Ria tells them.
She hates them.
Dr Ranveer decides to dig deeper and finds out.
The reason Aryan killed.
His father was because Aryan was with his college teacher named Sanjana.
She was leaving the city and getting married.
When Aryan goes and tries to kill.
His father intervenes is locked up in his room.
Sanjana stops.
She leaves.
Aryan snaps.
The parents see a fire.
His father busts.
Where Aryan hurls him.
Dr Ranveer devises a plan to lure Aryan.
Sanjana is back to warn Ria.
He finds out.
It was just a trick to show Ria his true self.
Ria feels horrible.
She trusted and loved someone.
Aryan gets dragged away for attempting to kill Sanjana.
Who was really Ria s friend.
A while later  Dr Ranveer gets a call saying.
Aryan has escaped.
Ria tells her parents  he will kill her.
He knows they are and will come and get her and if she refuses to leave with him.
Aryan arrives into the factory.
Aryan sends his men to look  kill the parents and bring Ria to him.
That he could kill her himself.
Dr Ranveer kills the men one.
Dr Ranveer and Aryan fight.
When he confronts Aryan.
Aryan knocks him unconscious.
Aryan goes.
He is about to hit Ria.
When Dr Ranveer comes and attacks Aryan.
Aryan breaks off a plank and hits Dr Ranveer and then goes after Ria and her mother.
Dr Ranveer pulls an anchor attached.
Goes  killing him.
The next morning Dr Ranveer drops Ria off and tells her.
She needs to be strong and not think again.
She runs.
He wipes away a tear  knowing.
Everything is back.
<EOS>
Bayu is a sixth-year student  Bayu s father  an athlete turned taxi driver  died several years before.
Who lives.
Usman insists  the grandfather enrols Bayu to improve his skills in the arts.
Bayu wishes to be a football player before him.
He should be an artist.
Bayu sneaks with the help of his friend  the wheelchair-bound Heri  as well as Heri s driver Bang Dulloh.
They find an old  empty cemetery to practise in.
The guardian allows them to use it and supports Bayu s goal.
Bayu is soon discovered at the local Arsenal School.
Gives him a chance to play.
He pressures his grandson to quit.
When Usman discovers that Bayu has been practising football.
Bayu does not.
Eventually Usman relents.
Eventually Bayu is accepted.
Whom he helps win a tournament.
<EOS>
Daniel Miller  a Los Angeles advertising executive  dies and is sent to the afterlife.
He arrives.
Where he is to undergo the process.
Daniel and the rest are offered many Earth-like amenities and activities in the city -- from all-you-can-eat restaurants  to bowling alleys and comedy clubs.
They undergo their judgment processes.
People use so little of their brains.
His defense attorney  Bob Diamond  explains.
They spend most.
You do nt want to be  believe me  says Diamond.
When you use more than 5.
He will be sent.
The Judgement court determines that Daniel has conquered his fears.
Where he will be able to use more and thus be able to experience more of what the universe has to offer.
Otherwise  his soul will be reincarnated to live another life in another attempt at moving past his fears.
He may advance up the universe s proverbial food chain.
Daniel s judgment process is presided over.
Diamond argues.
Daniel should move.
His formidable opponent is Lena Foster.
Who Diamond informs Daniel is known.
Each utilizes video-like footage.
Daniel meets and falls in love with Julia  a woman.
Who lived a seemingly perfect life  especially compared to his.
The proceedings do not go well.
Foster shows a series.
Which Daniel did not overcome his fears.
The final nail  it seems  is.
When Foster   for what Foster believes is his same fear and lack of courage.
It is ruled.
Daniel will return.
Meanwhile  Julia is judged worthy to move on.
The court is not infallible and just because Foster won it does nt mean.
Daniel remains disappointed.
Daniel finds himself strapped.
When he spots Julia.
He unstraps himself  escapes from the moving tram  and risks electrocution and injury to get to Julia.
The entire event is being monitored.
He can not enter her tram.
Who convince the judges that this last-minute display has earned Daniel the right to move on.
The judges agree and open the doors  allowing Daniel in  reuniting him with Julia and allowing them both to move on to their next phases of existence together.
<EOS>
RoachTrip starts and ends wandering lost in the desert.
Is a hardcore odyssey down Canada s invisible punk highway in search of something pure and clean.
Roach and Smash  two inseparable street buddies introduced in 2002 documentary S.
P.
I.
T.
Earlier .
The same couple are now set loose.
Camping  fishing  and fruit-picking their way  these two punks are never quite able to leave the city behind.
Lies the lure of the streets of Vancouver.
<EOS>
Filmed  the movies are a pastiche of 1960s blaxploitation films.
RuPaul stars.
Who disposes while getting entangled in romantic liaisons.
RuPaul was still participating in a type of drag known as genderfuck.
Such his appearance generally is  but no padding or taping to make the body look female.
A sketch on RuPaul s VH1 talk show continued the storyline of the character of Starbooty with a preview for an alleged new film called Starbooty in  Take That You Honky Bitch.
RuPaul used his blog to discuss a film.
He was.
The film was initially titled Starrbooty  Reloaded but ultimately is just called Starrbooty.
The film follows similar plot lines  but contains more sexually explicit content.
Cheaply manufactured video cassettes were passed out.
When originally produced.
Currently they can be purchased together at the website of Funtone Records  a trademark established by Jon Witherspoon  the man.
Who paid to produce the films originally.
<EOS>
Benjamin Purvis lives.
Who designs tacky clothes and makes rock hard popcorn balls.
Judith and Benjamin make ends meet.
Benjamin spends his spare time writing science fiction stories.
He has recently completed.
A story called Yeast Lords that centers.
Benjamin attends lectures by his idol Ronald Chevalier.
Chevalier announces a contest.
Which the winner s story will be published nationally.
Benjamin submits Yeast Lords.
Tabatha shows the story.
Who runs an ultra low-budget video production company.
Lonnie gives Benjamin a post-dated check and begins adapting Yeast Lords into a film.
Portions of Yeast Lords are enacted.
Benjamin imagines it.
Bronco is infinitely masculine.
He valiantly struggles.
He gets a call  rejecting his latest manuscript.
Chevalier reviews the stories.
Panicked  he picks up Benjamin s story.
It sparks his imagination.
Chevalier changes Bronco  but otherwise leaves the story intact.
His publisher loves it.
The novel is rushed.
Benjamin is sickened to see.
Badly Donaho has adapted his work.
He abruptly leaves the local premiere.
They go.
Where he discovers Chevalier s plagiarism.
He confronts Chevalier  assaulting him with some merchandise.
Chevalier had offered him for keeping his theft quiet.
Judith comes to visit her son to give him his birthday present.
She hands him a box  all officially bound by the Writers Guild of America.
She explains.
She has been registering all his stories since he was seven years old  thinking they would make a nice keepsake for his children.
Yeast Lords is one.
The film ends.
He sits and proudly watches a fashion show featuring his mother s designs.
<EOS>
Agnes   returns to Sydney  Nova Scotia from Toronto  Ontario because of the failing health of her mother Rose.
She is met.
Who has recently been dumped.
Who has retreated.
Her arrival sets a chain of events.
Allows the family to reconnect.
<EOS>
The film stars Helen Mirren.
Novelist Ayn Rand   played.
Who engages her junior by the name of Nathaniel Branden.
Branden built up an institute to spread Rand s ideas.
The two eventually had a falling out.
The film also stars Julie Delpy.
<EOS>
Balachandra Menon s character comes to investigate the reasons.
<EOS>
Damnation tells the story.
The singer broke off their affair.
She dreams.
Karrer is offered smuggling work.
Karrer offers the job.
This gets him out.
Things do nt go.
Karrer plans.
Betrayals follow.
Karrer despairs.
<EOS>
The plot revolves.
Where three groups of thieves  four experienced criminals  two beautiful bank clerks and one desperate penniless man nearing retirement  try to steal a large emerald in the bank s safe on the same day.
The film unfolds  revealed by the suspects through a series of police interrogations.
Two detectives must piece together seemingly unrelated people and clues and determine - an emerald the size.
Who really stole the.
<EOS>
Set  the territorial governor enlists the help of the Lone Ranger to investigate mysterious raids on white settlers by Native Americans.
Who ride.
Wealthy rancher Reese Kilgore wants to expand his land to include Spirit Mountain sacred.
The Lone Ranger realizes.
These events are related to encourage a war to scare settlers away so they wo nt discover the rich silver deposits on Spirit Mountain.
<EOS>
Sunil is an army officer  and has had numerous affairs.
One day he meets  and falls in love with her.
Anuradha too loves him.
She is introduced.
Anuradha has another admirer.
Who informs Sunil and his mom  that Anuradha is deceiving them.
Sunil and his mother are shocked  and will have nothing to do.
Then the child   is kidnapped  and held for ransom.
It is then Sunil.
Comes to know the shocking truth.
<EOS>
Set ` around 1950   The Deep Blue Sea tells the story.
Who has embarked with Freddie Page  a handsome young former RAF pilot troubled by his memories of the Second World War.
Freddie throws Hester s life.
Their erotic relationship leaves her emotionally stranded and physically isolated.
That tumultuous mix of fear and excitement seems to be no longer missing.
Was once.
The majority takes place during one day in Hester s flat  a day.
Which she has decided to commit suicide.
Her attempt fails.
The story is played out in a mosaic of short and sporadic flashbacks.
She recovers.
We soon discover the constraints.
Is affectionate.
She leaves her life and moves into a small dingy London flat with Freddie.
Hester s affair is discovered.
Hester s new lover has awakened her sexuality.
The reckless  thrill-seeking Freddie can never give her the love and stability.
Her husband gave.
Yet to return without passion would be unbearable.
The film takes its title.
<EOS>
Airman Second Class Adrian Cronauer arrives in Saigon from Crete to work as a DJ for Armed Forces Radio Service.
Cronauer is greeted.
Cronauer s irreverence contrasts sharply and soon rouses the ire of two of his superiors  Second Lieutenant Steven Hauk and Sergeant Major Dickerson.
Hauk adheres.
Dickerson is annoyed.
However  Brigadier General Taylor and the other DJs quickly grow to like the new man and his brand.
Cronauer s show consists.
Are frowned.
Cronauer meets Trinh  a Vietnamese girl  and follows her.
Bribing the teacher to let him take over the job  Cronauer starts instructing the students.
He tries to talk but is stopped by her brother Tuan.
Class is dismissed.
Instead  Cronauer befriends Tuan and takes him.
I.
Bar  to have drinks.
Two other soldiers  angered  start a fight.
Escalates. 
Dickerson reprimands Cronauer.
The broadcasts go.
He is pulled outside before the building explodes  killing two soldiers and leaving Cronauer badly shaken.
Relaxing. 
The cause is determined to be a bomb  the news is censored.
He locks himself and reports it anyway.
Dickerson cuts off the broadcast.
Cronauer is suspended.
Hauk takes.
His poor attempts  lead to a flood of letters and phone calls from servicemen.
Who demand that Cronauer be put back.
Cronauer spends his time drinking and pursuing Trinh  only to be rebuffed at every attempt.
Taylor intervenes on his behalf  ordering Hauk to reinstate him.
Cronauer refuses to go back to work.
Garlick and Cronauer s vehicle is stopped.
Who persuade him to do an impromptu broadcast before they go off to fight.
This performance reminds him.
His job is important.
He is soon back.
Dickerson devises a ploy to get rid by sending him and Garlick to interview soldiers in the field - knowing.
The only road is controlled by the Viet Cong.
Their jeep is blown off the road.
They are forced to hide.
Tuan learns of their trip  steals a van and drives off after them.
Cronauer fails to show up.
He finds them  but the van breaks down.
They must flag down an Army helicopter to take them back.
Dickerson confronts Cronauer  declaring.
He is now off the air.
His friend Tuan is a VC operative.
Who was responsible.
Dickerson has arranged  provided.
Cronauer leaves quietly.
Brigadier General Taylor arrives  and informs Cronauer.
He can not help him.
Taylor informs Dickerson.
Cronauer has left.
He is being transferred.
The next day   Cronauer sets up a quick softball game with the students from his English class.
He gives Garlick a taped farewell message  Garlick - taking Cronauer s place - plays the tape on the air the next morning.
He boards the plane.
It begins.
<EOS>
The story is told.
Who was abused.
The film hits an interesting twist.
When Simon is murdered.
Annie is convinced.
She is the murderer  even as she gets herself admitted in the Fort.
Annie is living in an orphanage and is put into in an arranged marriage to Simon.
Who takes her.
He puts her to work cooking and cleaning.
Simon expects Annie to submit to his rough sexual advances  even raping her several times.
George tries to talk about treating Annie better.
His pleas fall.
Simon becomes ever more brutal  even beating her.
He s.
Meanwhile  George himself is interested.
Puts her.
Simon s murder culminates these events.
A Detective named Mullen investigates.
We learn.
George  distraught  kills Simon by hitting him in the back with an axe.
He brings Simon s body back  telling Annie.
A tree branch had fallen.
Annie   had been driven mad from the beatings and rapes.
Simon had forced.
She hits Simon posthumously.
She and George consummate their feelings.
Days later  she admits herself.
George has fled the homestead to stay.
Annie finds out while  but is not certain.
She is pregnant.
Whether the father is Simon or George.
She declares the baby girl.
That the child will always be welcome.
George marries the neighboring family s daughter  Jenny.
<EOS>
News results in a riot at Arkham Asylum.
Batman races to rescue Nightwing.
Who has been abducted.
<EOS>
The film follows the lives at the fictional Ridgemont High School over the course of one academic year.
Brad Hamilton is a senior.
Who appears to have it made.
He is looking forward and almost has his car paid off.
He is popular.
Where his girlfriend  Lisa  also works.
Brad is pondering.
To end his relationship so he can play the field during his senior year.
However  Brad is fired for blowing his cool and threatening an obnoxious customer.
Lisa tells Brad.
When he tries to tell Lisa how much he needs her.
She is dumping him to see other guys.
Brad quits his next job.
When delivering food.
He gets a third job.
Where he successfully thwarts an attempted robbery and is promoted to store manager.
Brad s sister  Stacy Hamilton  is a 15-year-old freshman.
She is worried.
She s not attractive or experienced enough to meet  let alone have relationships  any guys.
She meets a 26-year-old stereo salesman.
Working. 
Who asks her out.
She sneaks out to meet him.
They have sex  referred to as The Point.
She reveals the loss to her friend  popular senior Linda.
Who assures her that it will hurt less as she does it more.
Mike Damone   fancies himself a suave ladies  man.
Who earns money scalping tickets  and.
He lets his younger best friend.
Mike coaxes Rat.
When he sees that Rat has a big crush.
Stacy invites Rat after the date.
Rat quickly shies away and leaves.
When Stacy tries to initiate sex.
Later  Damone walks Stacy home and asks to come into her house.
Stacy then invites Damone  but  Damone has a premature ejaculation and flees in embarrassment.
When this leads with Stacy.
He first agrees to pay half the fee and to drive her to the abortion clinic  but reneges.
When Stacy later informs Damone that she is pregnant.
When he is unable to come up.
Desperate  Stacy convinces Brad to drive her.
He observes her.
He drops her off.
Brad waits to come out.
She makes.
Him promise not to tell their parents.
Linda flies on Damone s car and school locker.
When Stacy tells Linda.
Word quickly gets.
Leads in the boys  locker room.
The viewer is informed  but have still not gone all the way.
Stacy and Rat are having a passionate love affair.
Jeff Spicoli is a surfer and habitual marijuana user.
Who is.
The strict teacher  Mr Hand  has no patience.
Finally   Mr Hand shows up at Spicoli s house and informs him.
Since he has wasted eight hours over the past year  Mr Hand intends to make up for that time now.
They proceed to have a one-on-one tutoring session.
Lasts until Mr Hand is satisfied that Spicoli has understood the lesson.
Spicoli wrecks a car belonging to Ridgemont s star football player Charles Jefferson.
To avoid being beaten up  Spicoli puts the car and paints the car with slurs supposedly written by Ridgemont s rival high school  Lincoln High school  an actual high school in San Diego  California.
Jefferson is so full.
When Ridgemont plays Lincoln.
Ridgemont wins.
An epilogue reveals.
Spicoli saves Brooke Shields the reward money hiring Van Halen to play at his birthday party.
Linda got accepted and moved in with her abnormal psychology professor.
Mr Hand is left to believe everyone is.
Mr Vargas switched back.
<EOS>
The film begins creating a female mate named Eva for the monster.
Eva is physically identical and lacking the deformities of the monster.
She is revolted by the monster and rejects him.
This causes the monster to fly and destroy Frankenstein s laboratory.
Frankenstein  believing himself and Eva to be the only survivors  flees to Castle Frankenstein.
There he falls with her and pursues the goal of making her a perfect human mate.
The monster  having survived  wanders.
Where he befriends a dwarf  Rinaldo.
They become involved.
Who eventually kills Rinaldo.
He decides to return to retrieve his mate.
Eva discovers.
She shares a psychic link.
She rejects the Baron.
The monster is returning to rescue her.
The Baron falls to his death.
The monster and Eva reunite and head off to Venice.
<EOS>
Two American college students  David Kessler and Jack Goodman  are backpacking.
They decide to stop at a pub called The Slaughtered Lamb.
Darkness falls.
Jack notices a five-pointed star.
The pub becomes very quiet.
When he asks.
The pubgoers start acting very strange and hostile.
The pair decide to leave  but not offer them pieces of advice such as Beware the moon  lads and Keep to the road.
What they meant.
Back  the owner gets very distressed and suggests.
They go.
A sinister howling is heard.
She says this.
The rest  having barricaded the door  decline.
Back out  Jack and David have also heard the howls.
They seem to be steadily getting closer.
They start back and are now lost on the moors.
When they realize that they have left the road.
A full moon comes out.
They remember the advice.
They were given earlier.
The noises get steadily closer.
They are stopped.
The animal attacks both  and kills Jack.
The animal is then shot and killed.
Who have finally emerged.
The beast changes.
David survives the mauling and is taken.
He does not remember.
When David wakes up three weeks later.
What happened and is told.
David is questioned and learns.
He and Jack were supposedly attacked.
David insists.
They were actually attacked.
But Villiers had already been told.
There were witnesses and an autopsy report  so they deduce that David is suffering from shock.
David begins to have a series.
He runs through the woods  then decapitates and eats a deer.
He is in a hospital bed with a monstrous  fanged face.
He is at home with his family.
When they are attacked with monstrous faces.
Things get stranger  stating.
When Jack  now a reanimated corpse  comes to visit David and explains that they were attacked.
David himself is   now a werewolf.
Jack urges David to kill himself.
Only because Jack is cursed to exist.
Trying to see  Hirsch takes a trip.
David is indeed telling the truth  his doctor.
However   the pubgoers deny any knowledge.
When asked.
But one distraught pubgoer speaks and says.
David should not have been taken away  and that he and everyone else will be when he changes.
He s interrupted.
Who remains silent.
Dr Hirsch finds out.
The police report was misplaced  and that David s wounds were cleaned and dressed before he was even looked.
The doctor is convinced.
The whole town was lying  and that David was indeed attacked  though he is not convinced it was a werewolf.
David moves in with Alex Price  the pretty young nurse.
Who grew infatuated in the hospital.
He stays.
Where they later make love.
Jack suddenly appears and tells him.
He will turn.
Jack advises David to take his own life  otherwise he is doomed to kill innocent people.
Who will then become the living dead.
David   begins to feel excruciating pain.
When the full moon rises  as Jack had warned.
Who is alone.
He prowls the streets and the London Underground and slaughters six Londoners.
He is naked  but unharmed by the resident wolves.
When he wakes.
Later that day  David realizes.
Jack was right and that he is responsible for the murders of the night before.
David calls his family in New York to basically say.
He only speaks.
Walking out after failing to slit his wrists with his pocket knife  David spots Jack outside an adult cinema in Piccadilly Circus.
Jack is accompanied by David s victims from the previous night.
They all insist.
He must commit suicide.
Night falls and  consequently  David turns and goes on another killing spree.
Talking. 
A horrific melee ensues.
David is ultimately cornered by the police.
Alex arrives to calm him down.
She loves him.
He is shot and killed.
He is apparently temporarily softened.
When he lunges forward  returning in front of a grieving Alex as he dies.
<EOS>
Which her father never returned.
She is both a seamstress  earning the nickname ` Coco  from the song.
She sings nightly.
A liaison gives her an entry into French high society and a chance to develop her gift for designing increasingly popular hats.
Coco falls with an English businessman named Arthur Capel  betrothed to an English lady    There s no one else like you.
Who believes.
He says.
Capel dies  she is devastated.
Coco s business flourishes and life is going well.
However  Coco still has the business.
Capel helped her start.
<EOS>
Raja Bhaiya and his friend Charan come.
Failed  they are teased and ragged by Kallu Dada.
The quarrel gets physical.
Raja wins it.
Raja thus becomes the local underworld don and starts collecting protection money.
He also get addicted.
Raja meets and is attracted to her  he comes to her assistance  he comes to her aid.
When her dad  Mohan  passes away.
When Kallu and his goons attempt to molest her.
He decides to let her live.
When the municipality tears down her hut.
He gives up his bad habits.
They both decide to get married.
Things go well.
But  Laxmi s old beau  a Professor  shows up and proposes marriage with her.
Meanwhile Raja is also arrested and held.
<EOS>
Investigative journalist Mort Whitman is.
It was huge involving a big.
Tracing the days leading up  Mort reveals Kevin s increasing paranoia and erratic behaviour through the eyes of his best mate Jimmy Blick and girlfriend Ruby Elder.
What dangerous secrets had he stumbled.
Tagline  These people play.
<EOS>
Vera is a transsexual girl.
Who lives.
She meets a benevolent  educated man   and arranges for a job for her as an intern in his office.
Who helps her  even allowing her to spend some time.
She sees herself and dresses and falls in love with a woman  even passing for a guy to her girlfriend s family.
The film succeeds.
<EOS>
Nami Matsushima is locked up and bound.
She makes a weapon by holding it in her mouth and grinding it against the concrete floor.
The chief warden  Goda  is to be promoted shortly.
Matsushima is brought out.
When an inspector visits the prison.
Matsushima makes a surprise attack on Goda and scratches his face.
The other prisoners start.
The guards defuse the situation.
The prisoners are punished.
Goda believes.
Matsushima may inspire the other prisoners.
He assigns four guards to publicly rape her.
Returning  Matsushima is in a van with six other convicts.
Of whom is Oba.
The other convicts beat Matsushima.
Who falls lifeless and bleeding.
The guards are alerted.
Matsushima is feared dead.
Matsushima strangles and kills one.
When they stop the van to inpect her.
Oba and the other convicts get the other guard and blow up the van.
He sends search parties to look.
When Goda sees the van s ruins.
The convicts escape.
Where Oba reveals her crime.
When she found her husband cheating.
The convicts find a mysterious old woman wielding a dagger.
A surreal sequence follows.
Where the crimes are explained.
The old woman gives Matsushima her knife.
She dies.
Her body then turns and is blown away by the wind.
The convicts see a town.
Where they decide to steal new clothes.
Waiting  they hide out in an abandoned hut.
One sneaks out of the hut and into her own home.
Is nearby.
There she is reunited.
They offer to set Haru free.
She reveals the others  locations.
Distraught  Haru goes away.
One follows her while the other returns to Goda.
Matsu kills the guard.
A tourist group is passing.
They are warned to look out.
Three men are especially rowdy and sexually aggressive  sexually harassing the tour guide.
One is returning from the river and rape her repeatedly.
When the three men find her.
They throw her down a cliff.
The other convicts find her body and give chase.
They find the tour bus and hijack it.
Oba and the convicts torture  strip and bind the three men.
They also harass the other passengers.
Another surreal sequence shows the convicts being ostracised.
Which the convicts are taking revenge.
Oba throws Matsushima.
The bus approaches a checkpoint.
Matsushima is captured.
Goda s men arrange a roadblock  consisting of a large truck with Haru s son on it.
The bus is stopped.
Haru rushes out to meet her son.
Haru is shot.
The guards try to catch her.
Who orders the convicts to kill the hostages.
Oba kills the bus driver and drives the bus.
The bus is cornered by the police.
Goda sends Matsushima to learn the hostages  status.
Matsushima lies.
The hostages have been killed.
The police lead a charge.
The convicts throw the three men out.
Who are killed.
All the convicts except Oba die.
Oba is injured and set to return in the same vehicle as Matsushima.
Goda orders the guards to kill Matsushima.
If she had attempted to escape.
The guards stop and are about to shoot Matsushima.
When Oba saves her.
Matsushima kills the guards.
The next morning  Oba dies.
Matsushima is finally loose.
Goda is promoted and now has a job.
Matsushima tracks him down and kills him.
The film ends.
<EOS>
John Ralph Ottway works.
Threaten an oil drilling team.
Ottway writes a letter to his wife Ana.
He plans to commit suicide.
Ottway hears the howl  and pulls the trigger.
Holding the barrel.
The gun does nt fire.
The team and Ottway head home on a plane.
Crashes. 
Ottway then sees a vision  a motif.
Recurs. 
Mortally wounded.
When Ottway awakens he finds one.
Ottway calms him  letting.
Then Lewenden dies peacefully.
Ottway sets the survivors.
He sees a woman  but discovers.
What he thought were her cries actually were the noises and also attacks Ottway.
He is rescued and explains.
They are most likely.
The survivors take.
Turns keeping watch.
Hernandez is killed.
Urinating. 
The remaining survivors find his body.
Ottway suggests they leave the crash site.
They are wide open to attack.
Diaz questions Ottway s leadership and begins defying his orders.
Ottway and the others remove the wallets.
They leave.
Hendrick says a prayer and thanks for allowing them to survive the crash and then the survivors leave the crash site.
Flannery falls behind and is killed.
Hiking. 
The remaining survivors continue on and make camp.
Walking one notices an ambush of wolves running at them.
The group runs and begin to make a fire to keep off the wolves.
There tension comes to a head.
The survivors create makeshift weaponry.
Diaz threatens Ottway  but is disarmed by Ottway.
The survivors meet the alpha wolf.
Who sends an omega to test Diaz.
However  the survivors are able to kill the wolf and eat it.
Diaz severs its head and throws it back.
The group stops to build a campfire.
They start a conversation.
Diaz tells the group.
There is no god  Talget states  but Ottway confesses.
He believes.
He too is an atheist  but that he wishes he could believe.
Burke awakens.
He begins to hallucinate.
He goes back to sleep.
The group bonds.
Ottway tells the group.
Is hung.
He recites the poem  Once more  Into the last good fight I ll ever know.
Live and die  Live and die on this day  A blizzard approaches.
They try to preserve the campfire to prevent hypothermia.
Ottway finds Burke s frozen lifeless body in the morning.
The survivors come across a high canyon wall within which  screened by trees  they identify a river.
Hendrick jumps to secure a line as a means of traverse.
Diaz and Ottway make it.
Talget   loses his glasses and freezes out of fear.
Who is afraid.
He reluctantly continues across  but soon finds.
He gets caught up.
Talget struggles to untangle himself  but the line breaks.
He crashes to the ground.
Wounded  Talget sees a vision and is dragged away by the wolves.
Diaz falls and injures his knee.
Attempting to save Talget.
The three remaining survivors continue their trek and make it.
An exhausted Diaz can make it no further  preferring to stay and die.
Go on.
Diaz understands.
If Ottway and Henrick dragged him along  they would be more open to attack.
Thus  he decides to come.
Hendrick tries to convince Diaz to carry on.
Ottway tells him.
It is futile.
They give each other final goodbyes.
Ottway and Hendrick leave Diaz.
The crackling is heard.
Ottway and Hendrick continue  but are soon chased again.
Fleeing  Hendrick falls.
He gets his foot stuck.
Ottway jumps.
Hendrick drowns.
Freezing.
Alone  Ottway then curses God and asks with no response.
Ottway continues on.
He is eventually dazed taking effect.
Ottway then stops and pulls out each wallet collected  examining the mementos.
They contain.
He places them  in the shape of a cross.
He then adds his own wallet as well.
Suddenly  the pack surrounds him  leading Ottway to discover.
He has walked right.
He is soon spotted back off.
Ottway sees another vision.
Now reveals that she told him to not be afraid as she died.
Deciding to make a final stand  he puts to his fist and breaks them on a nearby rock as a makeshift weapon and also tapes a knife to his other hand.
He quietly recites his father s poem  then charges the alpha wolf.
The screen goes black.
The back of Ottway s head is seen lying on top of a still-breathing wolf s stomach.
It is unknown.
Whether or not he survived.
It appears  similar.
The wolf breathes his dying breath.
<EOS>
Rahul Roy   is the son.
Called. 
He is born and brought up.
Life is just a game.
He is accustomed.
He is portrayed to be a happy character and quite popular.
Go lucky.
He comes.
Rahul challenges his friends.
He would make her fall within few days.
Rahul invites Nandini after a dance programme and proposes to her.
Nandini  being an orphan  is very kind and is a good Samaritan.
She mingles and provides succor to them.
But  being a rich boy  Rahul hates those people.
However  Nandini s free-spirited nature takes him very near.
He develops an intimate friendship.
Nandini keeps maintaining some distance and does not express her love.
She ca nt love him.
She likes him.
He s not sensitive.
A privileged upbringing makes him myopic.
She wants to express her love  she learns.
Rahul has challenged his friends and decides to keep herself off.
Rahul tries to convince her.
Dropping her after a party.
He is really.
She does not listen.
Rahul has an accident.
Where a woman dies.
Her son is orphaned.
Nandini survives the accident.
Rahul wakes up.
Rahul can not find Nandini.
He decides to go on his bike.
He happens to meet a motorbike thief called Shibu  brilliantly played by Dev.
He is good.
Shibu is a vehicle thief.
The journey Rahul takes changes his life.
As he is exposed and yet its simple joys.
The landscapes and the people takes him.
He meets.
Alters his perceptions forever.
Be it a teacher  they all aid to.
Who supports orphan kids  a disillusioned ex-militant  a prostitute who craves  or his own companion Shibu.
<EOS>
A stylish  very attractive young woman  Celestine  arrives to become chambermaid for an odd family at their country chateau.
The period is.
The populace is astir  right and left.
The Monteil s household consists.
Who s a rightist  nationalist  anti-Semitic  violent man.
The wife runs a rigidly tidy house  she would like to please her virile husband physically  but can not  due.
M.
Monteil -LRB- Michel Piccoli -RCB- amuses himself - the previous chambermaid seems to have left pregnant and had to be bought off.
The wife s father amuses himself.
He likes his chambermaids.
Their next-door neighbor is a burly  retired Army officer   and a violent streak of his own - he likes to throw refuse and stones over the fence  to the great annoyance of M.
Monteil.
Celestine almost immediately finds her role.
She proceeds to use her own considerable sexual assets to accomplish her goals.
The elderly father  M.
Rabour  is found dead  dissheveled  clutching some boots.
Celestine had worn earlier that evening.
Celestine decides to leave the job the next day.
Previously  however  she had become motherly.
Protective named Claire   Celestine decides to stay on at the job.
Who visited the house.
The girl s raped and mutilated body is found.
Order to get revenge.
She quickly finds reason to suspect the groundskeeper Joseph.
She seduces and promises to marry him and join him to run a cafe  so he will confess the crime to her.
He does not.
She then contrives and plants evidence to implicate him.
He is arrested  but eventually released.
There is a suggestion that the real reason is his nativist political activism.
Meanwhile Celestine agrees to marry the elderly ex-Army-officer neighbor.
We see him serving her breakfast in bed and obeying her commands.
The final scene shows a crowd.
Who is shouting rightist slogans.
<EOS>
Biraj is married off.
When she was a little girl.
The couple is childless.
Nilambar is pious  generous and loving  but unemployed.
His devious younger brother takes advantage.
It was mortgaged to.
Nilambar and Biraj are reduced.
To make matters worse  Deodhar  a wealthy young contractor  tries to bribe Biraj s erstwhile maid Sundari  to lure her.
Who arrives  sees Biraj and captivated by her beauty.
Biraj is kidnapped.
She jumps off the boat.
He can do any harm.
She runs away.
He had promised.
He would bless her and that she would die at his feet.
<EOS>
Lee Winters is the widow and primary stockholder of Winterchem Enterprises  a chemical company   while trying to determine.
Who is attempting to obtain financing.
Her husband was murdered.
Apparently  her late husband discovered some damning information  a secret slush fund involving asset transfers.
Respected financier Hubbell Smith takes over  in an attempt to have Smith discover the financial status of Borough National.
Smith discovers  it s essentially so insolvent.
The bank is nt just.
It ca nt even pay its next dividend.
It needs to find a customer.
Who needs to borrow a lot and either loan the money or act as broker in the deal in order to raise some quick cash and stave off intervention by the Federal Reserve.
One is Winterchem  but.
The bank ca nt loan them a dime but conceivably could be involved in brokering a deal between Winterchem and some other lender capable of loaning the approximately $ 500 million needed to buy the plant.
The bank would receive a 1 % finder s fee.
Smith becomes involved  both financially and romantically.
They finally do so.
Who take control as security for the transaction.
Smith later discovers.
Account 21214 is actually a slush fund where Emery is moving money belonging into gold as a safe haven against potential losses if the dollar collapses.
The Arabs are extremely worried.
If anyone finds out their assets will vanish.
American currency becomes worthless.
Winters also discovers  and wants her stock back  she has overheard part of Smith s conversation with Emery and mistakenly believes.
The Arabs are.
He was double-crossing her.
A fake limo driver tries to kidnap her --  the Arabs panic and pull all of their money out of every bank in America  and possibly the entire world.
Who is actually working.
It turns out they did -- to prevent her from disclosing what she knows  and when the attempt on her life fails.
The globe is gripped occur.
People discover all is now worthless.
Emery is shown - dead  an apparent suicide.
The economic crisis paralyzes the world.
It also unites the world in common cause.
Workers at Borough National stand idle while listening to a report of the growing economic crisis.
The viewer sees.
The camera pans.
It s now empty.
Only Smith remains.
Winters joins him.
Smith tells her.
He s looking to start anew.
Winters offers to become his partner.
<EOS>
The action takes place in.
Anatoly Yefremovich Novoseltsev  a clumsy single father  works at a statistical bureau.
His boss is a strict unmarried woman  Ludmila Prokofievna Kalugina  nicknamed our frump.
She has some self-confidence problems  hidden.
Novoseltsev s colleagues consider him.
He dreams.
Would help him provide.
He is too timid to talk.
His former classmate and old friend  Yuri Grigorievich Samokhvalov  recently appointed assistant manager  suggests appointing Novoseltsev as a head of the light industry department.
Kalugina rejects it believing.
Novoseltsev is not good enough.
Then   Novoseltsev unwillingly tries to flirt with the Frump at a party in Samokhvalov s apartment.
Order to get with her.
Feeling extremely uneasy he tries to make conversation with her - talks about random things such as picking berries and mushrooms  reads poetry  shows off his singing and dancing abilities.
Kalugina gets annoyed and severely criticizes all his attempts to impress her.
Eventually Novoseltsev becomes frustrated  flares up and tells Kalugina right.
He considers her dry  inhuman and heartless.
Next morning an embarrassed Novoseltsev comes.
Kalugina starts reprimanding him but then suddenly bursts.
His yesterday accusations hurt her.
Novoseltsev is impressed and touched.
They have a heart-to-heart conversation.
Which Ludmila tells him.
They start getting closer and soon fall in love with each other.
It transforms both.
Kalugina  having thrown off her protective mask of a hard-hearted woman  becomes more aware of her femininity and surprises everyone with her new elegant clothes and charming look.
The relationship evolves  full of comical situations and repartees.
Drama unfolds between Olga Ryzhova and Yuri Samokhvalov.
Who were dating many years ago.
Now both have families.
Olga s romantic feelings are revived.
However  he treats her just.
She begins to write him love letters.
She passes through Verochka  an energetic and overly curious secretary.
She accidentally finds one on Samokhvalov s desk  reads it and tells about it to her colleague  and thus the whole staff of the bureau starts gossiping about Olga s immoral behavior.
Moreover  Samokhvalov  tired  tells about the situation to the meddlesome Shura  a local labor union committee activist and the biggest talebearer in the office.
He gives her the letters and asks her to sort out the problem.
Kalugina learns  reproaches Samokhvalov and convinces him to solve the problem individually.
Novoseltsev  Ryzhova s good friend  also learns  gets angry and slaps him in the face in front of Kalugina   but in another way.
Which Samokhvalov promises to hit back.
He discloses Novoseltsev s initial plan.
Hence when he gets to know that Kalugina and Novoseltsev have begun a love affair.
She is shocked and wants to give up Novoseltsev.
She calls him up  tells him about her decision to appoint him as head of the light industry department and to end their relationship.
She knows that he started courting her merely to get the appointment.
Novoseltsev feels ashamed and admits.
It was indeed started purely  but insists that he has come to love her.
Kalugina brushes him off.
He rejects the appointment and tenders his resignation.
Kalugina refuses to dismiss Novoseltsev to spite him.
They have a fiery argument.
Results. 
Everything ends up  she follows him and showers blows and curses  but Novoseltsev manages to soothe her.
Novoseltsev  trying to escape  runs out of the building  jumps on a back seat of a car.
They are seen hugging and kissing.
The car goes down the road.
A subtitle suggests.
There will be three boys in Novoseltsev s family  i.
E. 
Anatoly and Ludmila will later have a son.
Ryzhova  broken-hearted and humiliated  asks Samokhvalov to return the letters and gets back to her normal life.
<EOS>
Broadway leading lady Valerie Stanton  accidentally kills her producer and former lover  Gordon Dunning.
Her career should take.
He expects her to sign  a typical frothy comedy.
Which he is known.
She wants to star in order to prove her versatility as an actress.
Other characters involved are Valerie s new beau Michael Morrell  supporting actress Marian Webster.
Who is accused.
Danbury  he s willing to disclose.
Who may know more than.
<EOS>
Kaitou Kid sends a riddle  warning.
The police deduce.
His next target is a recently discovered Faberge egg belonging.
The night  Kid successfully steals the egg and flies off with it.
Conan tenaciously chases with Heiji.
However   Kid is shot in the right eye by an unknown assailant and apparently falls into the sea to his death.
The police fruitlessly search for Kid s body.
The next day  Conan  Ran  and Kogoro board a boat.
They meet Natsumi Kousaka.
Whose great-grandfather worked.
She shows them a part.
Were found.
Conan suspects.
The person who shot Kaitou Kid is.
That night  Ryu Sagawa  a freelance photographer covering the press  is murdered  shot in the right eye in the same fashion as Kid.
Inspector Megure  along  arrive by helicopter to inspect the crime scene.
After his body is discovered.
They suspected Sonoko s father s servant  Mr Nishino.
The police and Conan later conclude.
The culprit is Scorpion - a mysterious killer who always shoots his victims.
A missing lifeboat hints.
Scorpion has already escaped.
The passengers set off toward Yokosuka Castle  the location of Scorpion s next target  the second egg.
The group stumbles beneath the castle.
Exploring the castle.
Inui  an art dealer  sees a shadowy figure.
They traverse the tunnel.
He is shot by a silenced handgun.
Delving farther  they find a coffin with a corpse clutching the second egg.
Suddenly  the two eggs are snatched away.
Conan deduces.
Scorpion is Seiran the historian.
She shoots her victims to avenge her ancestor  Rasputin.
Whose body was found.
Seiran attempts to kill Conan.
The bullet ricochets off the bulletproof glass.
She reloads and is about to fire.
Conan kicks a piece.
When a playing card knocks the gun.
Conan then knocks her out.
Shiratori appears and carries Seiran out.
Conan figures.
Shiratori was actually Kid.
Conan is about to confess to Ran.
He s Shinichi.
Then Kid comes  disguised  and distracts Ran.
The Phantom Thief then disappears.
<EOS>
Phillipe Delambre is determined to vindicate his father.
His uncle Francois refuses to help.
Phillipe hires Alan Hines and uses his own finances.
The funds run out.
The equipment is complete.
Francois relents and funds the completion.
When Phillipe threatens to sell his half.
They use the transporter to store and later re-materialize test animals.
Alan Hines turns out to be Ronald Holmes  an industrial spy.
Ronnie tries to sell the secrets.
A British agent confronts him.
Ronnie can get away.
Ronnie knocks him out and uses the transporter to store the body.
The agent has the paws.
When rematerialized.
Had been disintegrated earlier.
The guinea pig has human hands.
Ronnie kills the rodent and puts the dead agent.
He sends.
Phillipe confronts Ronnie  with a fight ensuing and Phillipe being knocked out.
Ronnie hides Phillipe the same way.
He did the agent.
He catches a fly and adds it to the transporter with him.
Francois re-materializes Phillipe  but.
The fly has his head arm and leg  becoming PhillipeFly.
PhillipeFly runs  tracking down and killing Max.
He waits to arrive and kills him  too.
PhillipeFly returns home.
Where Inspector Beecham has found and captured the PhillipeFly.
Both are placed together and successfully reintegrated.
<EOS>
Ben Tyler is an elementary school English teacher living.
Ben is told.
He has been diagnosed.
The doctor recommends.
He go immediately to give himself the best odds.
He encounters an elderly man selling his 1973 Norton Commando motorcycle from out of his garage in a back alleyway.
Ben is offered a test drive  but explains.
He is not.
The narrator notes.
His fiancee  Samantha Pierce  despises motorcycles.
Nevertheless  he inevitably takes  buys the motorcycle.
Finishing a Tim Hortons coffee  he rolls up the cup s rim   to a message.
Reads Go West Young Man.
He breaks the news of his cancer to Samantha  as well as his desire to take a two-day vacation riding his newly purchased motorcycle.
She implores Ben to reconsider a vacation  reasoning.
The longer he waits to go  the worse his chances for survival are.
Unwilling to become a patient   he asks Samantha to come with him.
Ben ultimately sets out by himself.
Reviewing the contents  he takes out of a folder a children s book.
He had written.
His father had explained.
Children who manage to find the elusive Grumps are granted enormous capacities  which Ben later interprets as he grows up.
He does not  however  make it.
Before beginning to question the trip s worth to the potential value of immediately receiving treatment.
He begins to make his way back.
When he is encountered.
The two friends explain.
They are.
Inspired once more  Ben reconsiders his return home and again sets off westward.
Early  Ben has a conversation with a man staying in the same hotel earlier in his lifetime and overcame it.
Who was also diagnosed.
They begin talking  alluding to his fiancee.
When Ben asks how he knows he supposes one knows they are.
Which the man replies that if one has to ask  they re not.
Continuing makes stops at various landmarks  including giant novelty lawn chairs  paperclips and tee-pees  taking pictures along the way.
Passing  Manitoba   Ben is caught off guard by the Stanley Cup sitting on a pedestal at centre ice with nobody around.
Stopped. 
Ben walks and begins reading the inscriptions on the historic ice hockey trophy.
When an Anaheim Ducks hockey player skates.
Having won the Stanley Cup  he is entitled to a day with the trophy.
Ben watches.
The Ducks player skates around on the ice.
Ben s motorcycle breaks down on a road driving through Saskatchewan and  abandoning it  starts down the highway on foot.
He can not help but think.
This would not have happened had he not visited the worlds largest prairie camel.
He encounters a dead dog and   contacts the unknowing owner.
Who picks Ben.
The middle-aged  female owner takes him back.
Where she inspects the motorcycle  revealing only minor problems.
The two begin talking.
She divulges she has only seen once.
She is unmarried.
She repairs.
She takes Ben to a beautiful panoramic view.
His motorcycle and Ben continues.
The narrator reveals.
She coincidentally meets the love of her life.
Who asks her can you tell me where Dawson Street is.
Staying  he goes through numerous voice messages on his cell phone from his fiancee and parents  begging him to come home.
Ben calls Samantha.
Who tells him that she will come to see him and will book a plane.
Later that day  Ben encounters a backpacker exploring the backcountry and spends the night at her campsite.
Conversing  Ben reflects on his aspirations to be a writer and his failing to publish his first novel.
They make love.
Ben blissfully wakes up the next morning.
Unbeknownst  Samantha had managed to catch a flight immediately and spent the night waiting in the hotel lobby.
He tells her.
When Ben finally returns.
Samantha tells Ben.
The two begin walking away.
Although she is upset and hurt  she would rather focus.
She continues to question Ben s motives and  in the midst of the arguing  Ben reveals.
He has not loved Samantha completely.
Forbidding Ben to follow her  she takes off.
Left behind  Ben pushes into British Columbia.
Unable to sleep  he finds a pub.
He stumbles out onto the street  vomiting.
Regaining his composure  he is met across the horizon and proceeds to call his mother.
Ben makes his way down and takes a ferry to Vancouver Island.
Where he drives on the west coast of the island.
Sitting  he struggles to find the appetite to eat his meal.
A truck backs into Ben s motorcycle outside the diner  rendering it undriveable.
He heads for a beach frequented by surfers with his own rented surfboard and wetsuit.
Looking out  a couple approaches Ben and asks him to take their photo.
They tell him.
He lives.
Setting out  Ben does not  however  get up to ride a wave  but rather continues swimming further west  aimlessly.
Finally  he stops and  sitting upright  witnesses a humpback whale breaking out of the water.
Awe-struck  Ben remembers.
His father would tell him that it was not known what Grumps actually looked like  but that those who searched for Grumps knew who it was him when he was found.
Concluding   found Grumps  Ben returns home.
He had.
Lying with Samantha  they talk about his chances of overcoming his cancer and their inevitable breakup.
He takes a cab.
Exiting the taxi  he is met.
The final scene reveals the movie s narrator.
Who is recording the final chapter.
The camera pans by Ben Tyler.
The same book appears.
<EOS>
Bagamoyo is a ferryboat.
Has provided a daily connection between the city of Maputo and Catembe - a largely rural district of the Mozambican capital - carrying several hundred passengers and vehicles each day  as well as goods  from five in the morning until half past eleven at night  seven days a week.
The history is told through the journeys and the stories of people.
Who know the Bagamoyo and depend for their day-to-day lives.
And the bridge still does nt exist.
<EOS>
The film s story concerns Victor Ajax  a young technician.
Mr Trend  co-owner  has learned of a plan by his partner to sell the company to Renaldo The Heel and responds by hiring two exterminators.
Who promise to kill all sizes.
Order to eliminate Odegard and his plan.
Trend distracts him and sends Vic on a quest to find his dream girl.
When Vic  who has been installing security cameras  seems about to go back to the store.
The dream girl spontaneously materializes.
Who responds minimally but is enamored of Renaldo.
Victor and several residents run afoul of the killers and a seemingly random series of slapstick murders ensues.
Is ultimately pinned.
The movie is framed to the electric chair for the crimes as Nancy  accompanied by several nuns  races to the scene.
Order to clear him.
Raimi s trademarks are here.
Noted Hollywood producer Edward R.
Pressman also plays a pivotal role.
<EOS>
April  a selfish alcoholic singer  is performing.
Where she works.
Madea and Joe catch Jennifer  Manny  and Bryan breaking into their house.
Madea welcomes them and feeds them.
Jennifer tells Madea.
They re living.
They tell Madea.
Their only other relative is their aunt April.
April shares her home.
Who s married.
The next morning  Madea brings the kids.
April does nt want to be bothered.
Meanwhile  Pastor Brian sends a Colombian immigrant named Sandino for work and a place to stay.
April puts Sandino and wants to lock him down there.
She does nt know him that well.
Sandino surprises April.
Working. 
He sees April and heckles him while making subtle advances at Jennifer.
When Randy arrives.
Pastor Brian and Wilma  a church member  comes to inform April and shrugs off April s attempt to seek comfort.
Her mother died while riding on a bus  April is devastated by the news and seeks comfort from Randy  however he is sleeping.
Later  Sandino comforts April tells him about her mother s death and the last time.
She spoke.
Depressed  Jennifer goes.
To pray.
However  Madea  inexperienced  attempts to instruct in a scene.
Plays out comically.
The same night  Wilma sings The Need to Be  an uplifting song  the nightclub bartender  sings.
I Can Do Bad.
Tanya is fed up with April s attitude and tries to help her friend despite.
She ca nt help April if she ca nt help herself.
Sandino and April become friends and Sandino fixes a ruined bedroom in her house making Manny and Bryon happy except Jennifer.
Who feels April does nt want them there.
He does nt understand and asks.
Sandino tells April.
She is.
She loves Randy.
He tells her.
What true love is.
One Sunday morning  Sandino eagerly knocks to get April ready for church.
Randy threatens to kill Sandino.
He continues to spend time.
Late one night  Manny needs.
His insulin shot and Jennifer gets it.
Randy comes up and attempts to rape her.
Jennifer gets her brother s insulin.
He is fought off.
April walks.
Jennifer offered sex for money.
April claims to believe him and sends Randy to take a bath.
April comes up and threatens to electrocute him.
When he is.
Sandino arrives and tries to stop her.
April is enraged and drops the radio.
Randy jumps out and is ordered to leave the apartment.
April goes and blames the incident on herself for not seeing the signs.
Sandino tries to stop her.
She pushes him away.
She then asks Sandino.
He is a child molester.
Sandino tells April as a child laborer and.
He loves the children so much because he sees himself.
Feeling hurt  Sandino says farewell to the children and leaves.
Jennifer and April begin to get along and connect.
April tells Jennifer as a child.
Jennifer tells April.
She should recognize Sandino.
Eventually Sandino returns and April apologizes and admits.
She loves him.
Sandino tells her.
She ca nt love anyone until she learns to love herself.
He tells April.
He is.
He wants April to love him back the same way.
He loves her.
He shows her.
April and Sandino get married.
April and Sandino then hold a block party with Tanya singing Good Woman Down  dedicated to April  then you see the new couple embracing and kissing each other.
<EOS>
Pontoffel Pock gets fired.
When he pushed the Pullem and pulled the Pushem.
Pontoffel wishes.
He could get away.
Fortunately  a representative named  Pontoffel Pock  your wish has been heard.
McGillicuddy appears and says.
Your wish has been granted.
McGillicuddy and his fairy associates  Humboldt and Higbee  give him a magical flying piano.
Takes him anywhere.
To do so  Pontoffel Pock plays these six very simple notes and then.
He chooses a destination.
The first place is Groogen.
He goes.
Later   he is gunned down by their Goomy Gun.
Fires multi-colored paint  that turns his piano yellow and causes its motor to lose power.
He plummets downward.
Pontoffel twitches the Homing Pigeon Switch.
Sends him and the piano home.
Mr McGillicuddy decides to take the piano away.
When he gets home.
He gives Pontoffel a second chance.
He goes to Casbahmopolis.
Where he falls with a girl named Neefa Feefa  a famous eyeball dancer who dislikes her job of dancing for the King  and  like Pontoffel  wants to get away from it all.
Unfortunately   Pontoffel and Neefa Feefa ca nt get home.
Neefa Feefa slips off the piano and lands.
When they decide to go somewhere else.
Leads pushing several buttons in order to find her  and ending up in several places.
Meanwhile  McGillicuddy gets worried  having not heard  so he enlists the help of all of his fairy associates to fly all over the world  looking for him by song  Pontoffel Pock .
Where The Heck Are You.
They are escorted home together.
Pontoffel is rehired as a Dill Pickle factory employee along with Neefa Feefa.
<EOS>
The film opens in summer.
A young man  Volodya  calls out.
He sees singing and dancing.
- Arriving or departing.
-.
Who is it.
.
He s lucky to have someone to meet him.
- Get married  you ll have someone as well.
-.
You are both happy.
.
It never happens.
- Believe me  it happens.
Volodya is an aspiring writer.
His first short story has just been published.
A famous author  Voronin  has invited him to discuss his work.
Metro Volodya unexpectedly makes a friend  Kolya.
Who is returning home.
Volodya wants to stay.
He does nt know.
Where the necessary street is so Kolya decided to help him to find it.
Unfortunately  a dog bites Volodya.
Then Kolya decided to help his new friend again - they both came.
Where Kolya sews Volodya s trousers and introduces him.
Volodya recognised.
His old Moscow friends are nt.
Then Volodya goes.
Kolya decided to sleep  but then came his old friend Sasha.
Sasha is - he was planning on marrying his fiancee Sveta today.
He has been called up.
He begs Kolya to help him.
Kolya helps.
Then two young men go to buy a suit for a bridegroom.
They meet Volodya there.
Then friends decided to buy a present.
They go  because the saleswoman  Alyona is an old friend of Kolya.
<EOS>
Ziggy and his faithful dog Fuzz take a job to raise money for the poor.
Surrounded  Ziggy remains honest and kind.
<EOS>
The plot follows Ben Huss  Barbra  and five others  and attempt to survive the night.
Who are trapped.
The house is being attacked.
The United States has been devastated by a phenomenon.
Reanimates recently deceased human beings.
Society has effectively collapsed.
The remaining survivors seek refuge.
Protagonists Roger and Peter  two former SWAT members  join on leaving the city  and take refuge in an enclosed shopping-mall  only to be destroyed.
When a motorcycle gang allow the zombies.
Some time  zombies have overrun the world.
An underground army missile bunker holds of part of a military-supported scientific team assigned to study the zombie phenomenon in the hopes of finding a way of stopping or reversing the process.
Dwindling supplies  loss have already caused loss of cohesion among the scientists and soldiers.
Dr Logan  the lead scientist  has been secretly using the recently deceased soldiers in his experiments  trying to prove his theory.
The zombies can eventually be domesticated.
Years have fled to Pittsburgh  Pennsylvania.
Where a feudal-like government has taken hold.
Paul Kaufman rules the city.
Big Daddy  an unusually intelligent zombie  directs his fellow zombies to use firearms  and later leads the zombies in an assault on the human city  with the result.
The electric fence that kept the zombies out now keeps the humans trapped inside.
Taking place  Diary of the Dead follows a band of students  making a horror film.
Who decide to record the events and are themselves chased down by zombies.
The first part follows the actions of former Colonel and current Sergeant Nicotine Crockett.
Who   deserts his post with Kenny  Francisco and Tomboy to rob the protagonists of the previous film.
<EOS>
Waveriders focuses.
The film covers the life in popularizing surfing in California and his contributions to lifeguarding.
It also follows Irish  British and American surfers Richie Fitzgerald  Gabe Davies  Kelly Slater and the Malloy Brothers.
The surfers conquer enormous sixty foot waves - the biggest swell to have been ridden.
Irish surfer Easkey Britton is also featured and was the first female surfer to ride the big wave  Aill na Searrach off the Cliffs of Moher in.
The surfer girl.
Who s making big waves  Independent  August 12 .
<EOS>
The Leprechaun is.
Whom he has kidnapped to marry her.
A group kills one of the marines  Lucky  with a lightsaber-like weapon.
It lands  the Leprechaun jumps in the way.
The explosion kills the Leprechaun and causes Zarina to lose a hand.
Zarina is saved.
Kowalski relieves himself  and is seemingly possessed.
The rest attend to Zarina.
The marines return.
Where their leader  the half-robotic Dr Mittenhand  explains that the princess has regenerative powers and his plans to use Zarina s DNA to recreate his own mutilated body.
Elsewhere  the Leprechaun violently emerges from Kowalski s penis.
When he attempts to have sex killing him in an incredibly painful and sadistic manner.
The Leprechaun then kills most  Mooch has his suit sliced open and dissolved into a skeleton  Danny is crushed under a metal structure  Dolores is dropped from extreme height  the leader of the marines  Metal Head  is brainwashed into thinking and has his head cracked open  revealing him to be a cyborg.
He is a drag queen.
Deactivates. 
He finds  and injects doctor Mittenhand  before initiating the ship s self-destruct mechanism.
Zarina  making his way in by assuming the image of a completely naked Doctor Tina Reeves  kills Mittenhand s assistant Harold by stabbing him in the groin and then flattening his face.
A surviving marine  Sticks  rushes.
He is stopped.
The other survivors  Sergeant Books Malloy and Tina  confront the Leprechaun.
Who grows after being exposed to Dr Mittenhand s experimental enlargement ray.
Tina crawls.
Where her red pants get torn off.
Tina spends the remainder.
Sticks is attacked and tangled by the now mutated and deformed Dr Mittenhand  now known as Mittenspider.
Who has taken the shape.
Tina sprays Mittenspider shoots him  shattering his body.
Books avoids the giant Leprechaun and opens the airlock.
The villain is sucked out while Zarina watches in glee.
Books joins the others.
They discover.
The password is Wizard  since Dr Mittenhand previously referred as the wizard behind the curtain  stopping the self-destruct with only seconds to spare.
The three rejoice and Books and Tina kiss flies past the remains of the giant Leprechaun s body.
They fly.
<EOS>
Dev is the son.
He and Paro are childhood sweethearts.
But Dev  being an insecure narcissist   nudges Paro over frivolous things.
Dev is sent for higher studies.
When his father senses how spoilt his son is.
Paro and Dev s youthful love only blossoms more.
Separated. 
Dev arrives to meet Paro.
Their endeavor to make love makes.
The seeds are sown here.
The couple will never be able to weed out.
He immediately believes them and ditches her.
When Dev hears rumours.
Is mutual suspicion and an essentially male vision.
What makes them fall apart.
A woman should conduct herself sexually.
Paro turns her back.
When she hears him insult her and agrees to marry whoever her parents choose.
He realizes.
The rumors were false.
But his ego does nt let him accept his mistake.
He lets her marry someone else.
Enter Chanda aka Leni.
A Delhi student Leni in an MMS scandal.
Her father commits suicide.
He feels humiliated.
She is disowned.
Refusing to live a life with her family  she comes back to Delhi.
Where she works  while continuing with her studies during the day.
She adopts the nickname Chanda.
Her ` foreign  looks mean.
She finds some dignity and independence.
One night a customer is brought -- it turns out to be Dev.
Dev  tormented  has been seeking refuge in alcohol and drugs.
He finds some solace but is unable to forget Paro.
She visits him.
After he calls Paro s husband.
Where he is staying.
She shows her love but spurns his attempts at physical intimacy.
The meeting ends.
Which Paro goes back to go back to Chanda.
It is only months later.
He gets a wake-up call and decides to put his act together.
He seeks Chanda once again and   sets out to start life afresh.
<EOS>
The film is split  the first involves a man buying an animate sex doll and his many failed attempts to bed it.
A man suffering from writer s block find his muse by undressing various women.
Finally  the third story involves the President.
Whose daughter is kidnapped.
The President and his wife have sex.
<EOS>
Renowned French scientist Professor Montel goes missing.
The authorities believe.
He and four other scientists defected.
Meanwhile  former U.
S.
Navy USS submarine commander Adam Jones arrives after receiving a mysterious package containing $.
Jones meets Professor Montel and his colleagues  a group.
Who suspect the Communist Chinese are building a secret atomic base.
They must have proof  so Montel offers Jones another $.
He will command an old World War II-era Japanese submarine being overhauled and follow the Chinese freighter Kiang Ching  which has been making suspicious deliveries.
Jones reluctantly agrees - providing.
The submarine is armed  and that he is also allowed to hire some.
News arrives.
The day before Jones is to conduct a test dive.
The Kiang Ching has sailed.
They are therefore too dangerous to use  there is no choice but to start out.
Believing women are bad luck.
When Montel boards are upset.
Montel insists she come along.
They are detected by a Chinese submarine.
The Chinese are not fooled.
When contacted.
They are at them without warning.
Unable to fire back  Jones dives to the sea bottom  hoping to hide there  the Chinese follow.
Jones finally decides to surface.
Jones rams and sinks it.
When the other submarine does the same.
Jones wants to turn back.
Montel points out.
Their contract specifies that he wo nt be paid unless Montel is satisfied.
They continue to follow the Kiang Ching.
Jones and Montel land to investigate.
Montel is disappointed.
He detects.
The patrol returns to the submarine with a captive.
They learn the location from the prisoner  a pilot named.
Montel is injured.
Montel insists Jones take Denise.
He is too hurt to go ashore.
She is the only other person qualified to gather and interpret the data.
Denise detects an extremely high level  then she is forced to shoot and kill a Chinese soldier.
Who stumbles.
Back  Jones is worried.
He recognized an American B-29 bomber sitting.
Needing more information  they trick it out by putting the ship s cook Chin Lee  dressed in a Chinese uniform and beaten by Jones at Chin Lee s insistence  into the same room.
Fooled  the captive reveals.
Ho-Sin beats him.
Jones can intervene.
Jones decides to go ashore and watch.
The submarine will surface and try to shoot it down.
When he signals.
However  Montel sneaks.
She tearfully reveals.
When Jones scolds Denise.
Montel is her father.
The plane is shot down.
It crashes  detonating the atomic bomb and killing Montel.
Jones recalls.
Montel had said earlier that Each man has his own reason and his own price for dying.
<EOS>
A lonely man talks to his Oatmeal.
His need compels the man to a bizarre act.
<EOS>
The documentary begins at the turn of the 20th century.
It then looks.
Thomas  Larry.
Oct.
Movie Reviews  Midnight Ramble.
WVXU Radio  Cincinnati.
This includes a look.
Cincinnati World Cinema.
.
Film Notes.
Writer Oscar Micheaux  the grandson of slaves  shifted his attention to film  releasing his first race film  The Homesteader  in 1918  followed soon after by Within Our Gates in 1920 and The Symbol of the Unconquered in.
Micheaux continued to make race films.
Some of which were controversial even.
Notable films continued to be released.
The advent decreased the number of race films being made.
This included a series.
<EOS>
No-nonsense nurse Nora Gilpin does nt care much.
A rich lawyer.
Her immediate plans are to marry Tim McCarey  a building contractor  and settle down.
That night  a sleepwalking Nora slips and goes to the home of a startled John  behaving seductively.
She does nt reveal her name.
He ca nt figure out.
Where they have met.
John spots her and excitedly brings up their evening together.
Nora has no idea.
What he s talking about.
He is leaving  however.
When Nora pops up again  playfully cavorting for hours at an amusement park.
Dr Jackson is consulted and thinks.
Nora s behavior must stem.
John realizes.
He knew her many years ago.
Nora adamantly denies it  continuing to prepare.
She packs a suitcase.
That night   Nora appears again.
John waits outside  sure enough.
He rushes her.
She wakes up the next morning.
Embarrassed and unnerved  Nora hurries  only to have John interrupt the ceremony by claiming she s already married.
Nora faints.
<EOS>
An enormous and angry 35-foot Great White Shark begins attacking humans.
When they build a beach just.
The mayor does nothing to stop it.
He does nt want tourists to hear and stop coming.
Enter the heroes  Peter Benton  a novelist  and Ron Hamer  an old seadog.
Who wrote a book.
Who has a personal grudge and wants it dead.
They sail to save stranded people and stop the monster.
Eventually  Ron drowns.
Peter  remembering the explosives  feeds Ron s corpse to the shark and ignites it  blowing the shark to pieces.
Peter swims.
<EOS>
The father dies leaving her destitute.
She falls.
<EOS>
Surya plays the role.
Jyotika is his girlfriend.
Surya s father s role.
Whilst Raghuvaran plays his elder brother  who is the collector.
Surya is the youngest son.
This gives much heartburn.
Their rivalry begins and can be illustrated by the scene.
Where the elder brother pinches his baby brother just to see him cry.
The jealousy grows.
His whole aim is to see.
Surya s life is beset  thanks to him.
However  Surya and his parents are blissfully unaware.
Has possessed Raghuvaran.
He passes.
When he discovers the love.
Who is a known rowdy.
He does this thinking.
The rowdy would manage to beat up Surya and perhaps separate both Surya and Jyotika.
This plan backfires   he cares.
When the rowdy is more than happy to get them both married because more.
Raghuvaran then pushes Surya.
The rest is about.
Whether Raghuvaran will find the love and care that he has always yearned.
Later  Surya is revealed to be alive.
He unites.
His brother is sent.
<EOS>
Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde began.
Dr Jekyll vows his undying love in her spacious garden.
Suddenly  seized to the chemical formula  Jekyll begins to convulse and distort himself into the villainous Mr Hyde.
He savagely attacks Alice.
Mr Hyde takes great delight.
When her father tries to intervene.
Later on  Jekyll transforms again.
Haunted  Mr Hyde takes a fatal dose of poison  killing both identities.
The curtain then closes to an assumably appreciative audience.
<EOS>
A group create a game.
Where one is secretly a killer while the others are victims.
Using prop weapons  the killer must eliminate the other players.
The teens sneak night to play the game.
Things turn horrific.
When the players begin dying.
<EOS>
Raja Rao Bahadur is the head.
Who has a young son Sreedhar.
Rao helps his college friend with the costs of higher education abroad.
Hari is grateful and invites Sreedhar Laxmi s wedding in the village.
Sreedhar ends up marrying Lakshmi.
This enrages Mukkamala.
Who is the Raja s brother-in-law  who was hopeful.
Is. 
What makes matters worse.
Laxmi wins while Sreedhar falls in love with her innocence.
She accidentally discovers a stash.
Gurunatham and Mukkamala try to implicate the Priest.
Laxmi suggests.
Since they do not know conclusively  they should spare the Priest.
Mukkamala   then approaches Contractor.
Contractor agrees to break up the couple.
But Contractor eyes the entire estate and its valuables.
He entraps Mukkamala.
He uses Kishtaiyya and creates suspicion with a sinister plan.
Sreedhar falls prey  comes to the conclusion and is only interested in his wealth.
Laxmi is cheating.
He sends off a pregnant Laxmi.
Laxmi gives the jewels off and decides to end her life.
She is rescued at.
Whose house she gives birth.
Meanwhile back  Sreedhar is depressed and loses interest in life and curses out Mukkamal.
When he proposes that Sreedhar should marry his daughter.
Contractor then fixes up Kishtayya  and proceeds to squeeze Mukkamala out of his money.
He takes possession of several antiques.
Joginatham was trying to sell.
All is the Deity s Jewels.
S left.
The Raja decides to leave the Deity s Jewels itself and wanders the villages.
Who is distraught.
He stumbles  discovers the truth and requests Laxmi.
To come back.
Laxmi refuses to come back and declares.
This does not work and that Sreedhar himself has to accept his mistake and come to her and ask her to come back.
The Raja hatch a plan to set things right with Sreedhar and beat the Contractor at his own game.
<EOS>
Oliver is making plans to be married with Stan as his best man.
The plans are thwarted.
When Dulcy s father sees a picture and forbids the marriage.
The couple plan to elope  and steal away to a Justice of the Peace.
They manage to sneak the girl away from her father s house.
There is a memorable scene.
Which Ollie  his gargantuan fiancee and Stan try to cram Stan hired for their elopement  Ollie having expected a limousine.
They finally succeed  but as they move off.
The film concludes.
<EOS>
A plague known cripples a civilization already ruined by anarchy  genocide and starvation.
A small group work on a cure to save.
What s left.
To complete their work they need information stored.
Pearl Prophet volunteers and is made into a cyborg through surgical augmentation.
Pearl  accompanied  retrieves the data in New York  but is pursued by the vicious Fender Tremolo and his gang of pirates.
Fender wants the cure.
He can have a monopoly.
Strat  badly injured  tells Pearl to leave him and get to the Bronx township to look for a mercenary  known as a slinger.
Can escort her.
She gets cornered  but is saved.
No sooner does she explain her situation.
Gibson is knocked out.
Fender  having beheaded Strat  dangles his head and tells her.
He is going to Atlanta.
There  she must bring him the cure  or get the horror show.
Fender s gang slaughters a family and steals their boat.
They head south with the captive Pearl.
Gibson   arrives later that night.
Who had been tracking the pirates.
A shadowy figure moves to attack him.
He disables her.
She turns out to be Nady Simmons  a young woman and thought.
Who d been hiding.
Gibson was one.
Nady reveals.
Her family was wiped out and that she wants to help Gibson and Pearl.
Gibson is less concerned than with killing Fender.
Gibson and Nady trek southward  and are ambushed by bandits.
He tries to persuade Nady to stay away  not wanting to see her die.
She tells him.
He refuses  destroying Fender is all.
He cares about.
It is revealed Gibson.
He had once fallen and settled down in an abandoned country house with a client  Mary  and her two young siblings.
Fender killed Mary and her brother  and abducted her sister Haley  forcing Gibson to take up the slinger lifestyle once again.
Intercepting Fender and his crew  Gibson defeats most of his men.
Fender shoots him.
Now nursing a gunshot wound  Gibson realizes.
Haley is now a loyal member.
He flees the pirates and ends up alone.
Pearl refuses to go -- she calculates.
Gibson is not strong enough to defeat Fender and will be unable to get her safely.
She says.
She will go along and lure him to his death in Atlanta where she has resources at her disposal.
Tired  wounded and badly outnumbered  Gibson flees through the sewer into a salt marsh.
Where they are pursued and eventually separated from each other in the boggy terrain.
Gibson is thoroughly beaten and crucified high on the mast of a beached  derelict ship.
Haley lingers  but leaves with Fender.
Gibson spends the night.
He kicks the mast repeatedly with his dangling feet in a last fit of rage.
The mast snaps  sending him crashing.
Finally  Nady appears out.
Gibson and Nady intercept Fender once again.
Fender s gang are taken down one.
He and Gibson face off.
Nady rushes Fender with a knife.
He stabs and kills her.
Gibson stabs Fender in the chest.
Thinking him dead  Gibson embraces Haley.
However  Fender gets back up.
They continue to battle.
Where Gibson finally kills Fender.
Gibson and Haley escort Pearl  before heading back out there.
<EOS>
Sharda and Nima are sisters living.
Sharda gets married.
They have a son  Sagar.
Nima also marries a wealthy young man.
But Nima s husband dies immediately after the marriage.
Sharda  unable to see her sister  becomes mentally ill and is admitted to Pune Mental Hospital.
An inmate strikes Sharda on her head.
She loses consciousness.
She remembers everything.
When she regains her senses.
Happened 14 years ago  but is unable to recollect her life.
Her psychiatrist discharges her.
Sharda comes home and finds.
Everything is  except that her son has grown up and is about to be engaged.
She sees Nima still wearing a widow s garb.
A few months later  Sharda sees Nima clad  and starts suspecting.
Everything is not what it seems.
She then finds out.
Balraj had married Nima and also had a son.
She experiences paranoia & is unable to trust anyone.
Details come flooding back.
She feels alone  lost  helpless  and.
No one is what they claim to be.
<EOS>
Fujian Blue takes place.
The film follows several characters but linked tales in the aftermath of the Communist government s decision to open the province up to the outside world in the.
The first tale  entitled The Neon Knights follows the youth Amerika.
Who lives.
Amerika works.
Who operates a blackmailing ring that targets lonely housewives who have committed adultery while their husbands are away.
Unbeknownst  Amerika s mother is also involved in crime  as an agent for the smuggler Czech.
Upset  Amerika makes her his next blackmailing target  but his plan goes awry.
His mother will not pay.
He is forced to seek refuge.
The second tale  entitled at Sea takes place on that same island and follows another youth in Roppongi s gang named Dragon.
Dragon  too  has fled after stabbing a man earlier.
He had turned.
Order to pay.
Amerika gives Dragon some money.
Nowhere to turn.
He must decide.
Whether to use it to emigrate himself  or to help his family.
<EOS>
A United States oil company loses a drill  intended to do work.
Flying. 
Company employee Sean is contacted to go to find it  however  he has to cancel plans to take his son to Walt Disney World.
He agrees to go to Canada.
His son  Mac  is disappointed.
Once  they meet a local native named Custer.
Who helps Sean and another employee.
They visit the lake using a submarine.
Pictures of the bottom of the lake discover incredibly deep giant rivers.
The legend states.
The rivers lead.
Sean and Mac rent the home.
Whom Sean refers.
Mac  Sean and others see vague images.
Spark their curiosity.
Mac goes with her to a cave.
Where local native woman Crazy Norma feeds.
This is.
Where they first meet the unique creature.
Mac runs back.
Mrs Coogan warns.
Mee-Shee s life could be endangered if the outside world knew.
Meanwhile  saboteurs Snead and Watkins  agents  destroy Sean s equipment and search for the drill themselves.
Who pose.
They see Mee-Shee and shoot him with a harpoon.
He removes the harpoon  and tells environmental ranger Laura.
When Mac finds him again.
Events lead with the saboteurs.
The saboteurs capture Mee-Shee and attempt to kill him  but an even larger Mee-Shee appears  meaning.
The larger one is an adult.
Enraged  the mother attacks the saboteurs and kills them.
The baby Mee-Shee retrieves the drill.
They decide.
They do nt want it and throw it back.
All appear out of the water  both old and young.
<EOS>
The Stooges are tricked.
Stranded  and sustained by eating salami  they discover.
Their ` friend  has concealed stolen microfilm.
The boys overtake Borscht and recover the microfilm.
<EOS>
A parody  it is set in the fictitious town of Stodge City.
An outlaw known arrives in town and quickly turns the quiet town into a base for his network of cattle rustlers and thieves  despite the limited protests of the inept Judge Burke.
Who is also the town s teetotaling mayor.
He is quickly dispatched.
When the inept sheriff  Albert Earp  is brought.
Knutt  a sanitation engineer first class  arrives.
He accidentally walks  thinking it to be the Public Works Department  and is mistaken for the new US Peace Marshal for Stodge City.
The Rumpo Kid hears  and tries all.
He can to kill the Marshal.
Knutt is saved.
Who has taken a liking.
Eventually  Knutt runs the Kid.
The Kid swears revenge  returning  in an explicit parody of High Noon.
Rumpo discovers that Knutt really is a sanitary engineer and not the Peace Marshal he once thought.
Knutt kills off Rumpo s gang  but fails to capture Rumpo.
Who escapes.
<EOS>
The film begins.
They take a picture.
The statues mysteriously come to life and begin wreaking havoc across the city.
When the family leaves.
Herman and Grandpa are then arrested they did not commit and try to clear their names in time for the Halloween celebration at the Munster home.
It follows.
The Munsters Today explains that the Munsters were asleep.
The Munsters  Revenge is set.
This would also explain.
Neither Marilyn or Eddie have aged.
<EOS>
The story revolves.
Who is short tempered but good.
He s for committing a murder.
The prison officer helps him.
<EOS>
Ahmed ibn Fadlan is a court poet.
His amorous encounter gets him exiled as an ambassador to northern barbarians.
Traveling  his caravan is saved from Mongol-Tatar raiders by the appearance of Norsemen.
Taking refuge  communications are established through Melchisidek and Herger  a Norseman.
Who speaks Vulgar Latin.
Ahmed and Melchisidek are to witness.
The fight  which establishes Buliwyf apparent  followed by the Viking funeral of their dead king  cremated together with a young woman who agreed to ` accompany  him to Valhalla.
A youth enters the camp requesting Buliwyf s aid  his father s kingdom is under attack from an ancient evil so frightening.
Even the bravest warriors dare not name it.
The angel determines.
The mission will be successful if thirteen warriors go to face this danger.
The thirteenth must not be a Norseman.
Ahmed is recruited.
Ahmed learns Norse by listening intently to their conversations.
He is looked down.
Who mock his physical weakness and his small Arabian horse.
He earns a measure by his fast learning of their language  his horsemanship  ingenuity  and ability to write.
Reaching King Hrothgar s kingdom  they confirm.
Their foe is indeed the ancient ` Wendol   fiends who come.
Buliwyf s band establishes.
The Wendol are humanoid cannibals who appear  live like  and identify with bears.
Their numbers dwindling and their position all but indefensible  an ancient wisewoman tells them to track the Wendol to their lair and destroy their leaders  the Mother of the Wendol and the war leader.
Who wears the horns.
Buliwyf and the remaining warriors infiltrate the Wendol cave-complex and kill the Mother.
Buliwyf is poisoned.
They do not expect to survive the Wendol attack.
The last  remaining warriors return and prepare for a final battle.
Buliwyf succeeds.
Ahmad ibn Fadlan witnesses Buliwyf s royal funeral  grateful to the Norsemen for helping him to become a man  and a useful servant of God.
<EOS>
Boogeyman 3 opens.
Audrey proceeds.
To take a shower and while doing so sees a hand.
Scared  Audrey gets out and goes.
Her dog  however is up and wants to play ball.
To get him away she throws.
The ball  After a while  she gets worried her dog has nt come back yet.
She walks and finds blood lining the closet.
She backs away and   gets pulled  under her bed.
Sarah Morris is a student.
Who is doing a radio show where she tries to help people with their problems  such as a guy just breaking up with his girlfriend.
Audrey arrives at night  raving.
After she is introduced.
He s everywhere.
Sarah lets her stay the night.
The next day  Audrey calls to tell Sarah and Dr Kane about the Boogeyman.
They do nt believe her.
Sarah leaves  thinking.
She is suicidal while Dr Kane remains on the phone.
The Boogeyman then begins to strangle Audrey.
When Sarah arrives.
Audrey appears to have hanged herself.
When others arrive to see it.
Sarah discovers the diary amongst Audrey s things.
She begins to believe and tries to warn her friends and boyfriend  David.
The Boogeyman is real.
They refuse to believe her thinking.
She is dealing dying soon after her mother s death.
Her friends begin to disappear  Sarah having visions of their deaths through being pulled into the alternate world of the Boogeyman.
People refuse to believe her claims.
Campus talk continues to swirl.
Sarah begins to believe.
The Boogeyman gains his power.
Dr Kane begins to worry.
Sarah takes to emergency warn the students away  prompting her arrest by campus security.
Dr Kane negotiates her release.
Held. 
The body is found in a washer.
Sarah realizes.
Dr Kane actually is beginning to believe when they both witness a light manifestation.
Dr Kane  trying to prove  enters the room.
She is wrong.
Where the light is  and is subsequently beaten by the Boogeyman.
Sarah then realizes.
The Boogeyman has been using her fear to warn everyone in order to get everyone to believe.
Sarah rushes back.
Who now believes her story and has been reading the diary.
She finds him staring off  but is unable to prevent the Boogeyman from pulling him in.
David is soon-after flung out  disemboweled  covering her in blood.
The police and students arrive to find the scene.
To prevent the Boogeyman s growth  Sarah claims.
She committed all the murders herself and that the Boogeyman is not real.
One reveals.
He does nt believe she could have done that.
She insists  but the elevator stops.
She did.
She is pulled up by the Boogeyman with the two police officers staring in disbelief.
Sarah s cries fade away.
One year later  two Freshmen are staying.
One interrupts the other s studies to tell her the story.
Who thought the Boogeyman was real that lived.
It is revealed.
The college changed the dorm name to keep people.
The studying girl leaves to go  noticing and taunting her.
The other seems actually scared to be alone.
She leaves.
Left alone  the other girl is soon attacked and dragged to an unknown fate.
<EOS>
Mithun Chakraborty drives an auto to take care and turns into a masked looter in the night.
Manik Bedi is an honest cop but corrupt by night to arrange marriage of his sister Amita Nangia off.
Turn is the Climax.
Both Mithun and Manik.
<EOS>
The film takes place and stars the toy of the title  a mechanical one-man band named Tinny  and a baby named Billy.
Tinny is delighted at the prospect of being played with by Billy.
He sees how destructive he can be.
Fleeing  Tinny discovers dozens of other old toys.
Who are too terrified to come out as they went.
But then Billy falls flat and starts crying  Tinny feels ashamed of himself  and decides.
He has to help no matter what.
His antics succeed  to the point.
Where Billy picks him up and shakes him.
He is annoyed to see.
The toy has recovered.
Billy has forgotten and is now playing with the cardboard box and bag that he came out of.
Billy walks off  wandering around the room with Tinny following while the credits roll.
Billy and Tinny walk out the door of the room and a few other toys come out of hiding to run across the floor.
<EOS>
Lola Williams and her friends navigate the peer pressures of high school romance and friendship while dodging their sometimes overbearing and confused parents.
She realizes.
When Lola s mom  Anne  accidentally reads her teenage daughter s racy journal.
How wide their communication gap has grown.
Lola has an ordinary life.
Lola discovers.
When they return.
Chad has cheated over the summer.
Lola lies.
The two break up.
Lola has lifelong friends.
Kyle and his band want to compete.
They pursue a relationship.
When Kyle and Lola realize the feelings they have.
To make matters more complicated being friends and the high school ` post  Ashley wants to be with Kyle.
It note.
She is told.
When Lola looks.
He is.
Together she assumes.
When she overhears two people.
It is Kyle and Ashley.
Lola confronts Ashley.
Who does not deny it.
A huge fight breaks out.
Where Lola accuses Kyle.
Kyle is astonished  causing them to break up.
She thinks that this would happen.
Kyle s father dislikes music and feels  so he constantly tries to stop him.
Kyle s love is in the way of his school work.
Anne lets.
Lola go  where all her friends  including Kyle and Emily  will be staying with French families.
Lola and Emily stay.
Who worship medieval culture.
Kyle tells the family.
Lola is his cousin.
The two spend the night together.
Lola sticks up.
When they all get home.
When Chad calls her a ho.
Ashley thanks her.
It seems.
They could be friends.
Anne finds her diary and finds out Lola.
Has slept and done drugs.
Later  she tells Lola s father and confronts Lola.
Feeling betrayed and angry  Lola moves in.
Eventually  Lola and Anne reconcile.
She moves back.
Kyle s band wins Battle with his father s support.
Kyle and Lola stay together.
Ashley is.
The film ends laughing out loud while laying down in bed cuddling.
<EOS>
The special begins.
Features both Mr Willowby singing.
Willowby asks his butler  Baxter.
The song is finished.
Where his tree is.
The special then follows the family.
Eventually  the father mouse spots the perfect tree.
It is far too large to fit.
The family climbs the tree so that he can chop off the very top.
However  Willowby s lumberjacks arrive and cut the entire tree down.
When they reach the top.
The family hold on to the tree.
It is brought.
The tree is set up.
Willowby notices.
It is slightly too tall.
He has Baxter cut off the very top.
Then tells him to bring up the top part of his tenants  Miss Adelaide.
Whom Willowby describes.
Baxter does so.
She describes her family s traditions.
He is meeting.
A romantic interest is insinuated at.
They are talking.
Baxter notices the father mouse on the floor.
Adelaide says and thus would be wrong to kill the mouse.
It is Christmastime.
She places the mouse up.
He returns.
Adelaide notices  so she cuts off the top and throws it.
Baxter leaves.
The tree is slightly too tall.
A bear picks up the tree and brings it home to use as his own Christmas tree.
The father mouse can cut off the top.
The bears engage  and eventually notice.
The tree is too tall.
They cut off the top and throw it outside.
The family laugh at all.
They ve been  only to then be picked up by an owl.
The owls set up the tree  and then engage in an angelic chorus.
Eventually  they too notice.
The tree they have is too tall  and so they cut off the top and throw it outside.
The father mouse then raises his axe to cut off a tree.
Have been thrown outside.
The tree is actually the perfect size for his own home.
He and the other mice return home.
Willowby s Christmas Ball is taking place.
Adelaide comes down this time  and begins to dance.
<EOS>
Alfie - now working as a 1970s  cross London-France HGV driver alongside Bakey - decides to get back to his old self.
And his new occupation provides new opportunities to do so.
The film starts.
Bakey drives the truck  while Alfie has sex with an English hitchhiker in the back until the customs  officer catches her topless.
He spots a woman.
When arriving.
They start racing.
The police breaks it up.
Alfie soon finds comfort Louise.
Who takes him.
Her husband returns from his fishing trip.
Bakey  outside  sounds the horn as a warning.
Alfie later catches up and learns.
Her name is Abby and that she is a sophisticated magazine editor.
He decides.
When she turns him down.
He proceeds to stalk her until   she finally agrees to a date.
He ca nt perform and leaves her apartment.
When Alfie gets his wish.
This failure causes him to use his little black book to contact various women.
Whom he has a casual relationship.
However  some lead him into trouble.
He faces the consequences.
When said husband discovers Alfie s wallet.
Alfie apologizes to Abby about leaving her apartment in a huff and asks her for a proper dinner.
He tells her.
What he never says - that he loves her and wants her to marry him.
She agrees.
She then has to take a quick work related flight.
Alfie is bed-ridden due to back pains.
When Abby leaves.
She lets herself and serves him tea.
When his older neighbor  Claire  hears that Alfie ca nt move.
She reveals her true feelings by suddenly entering his bed and taking her top off.
When Alfie comments.
She ignores his protests but then her attempts to mount him fix his back.
He escapes.
She succeeds.
Alfie catches Abby takes off.
They decide to marry the following day.
Alfie waits for her in the airport  not having heard.
Her plane has crashed.
Alfie drives to the crash site and cries over the wreckage.
<EOS>
Thiru works.
Annachi adores him and sees his own bravery and extraordinary fighting abilities.
One day  Thiru stumbles.
Who fights injustice.
A quarrel ensues.
They soon realize and soon start to admire each other.
It was a meeting.
Charu works.
He and some of his gang members abandon their incorrigible life of gun culture and take up sales at the roadside hoping to lead a socially respectable life.
Charu sees a changed personality and decides to marry him  with the consent of her father.
But her hopes shatters.
She gives up her plans to become Thiru s life partner.
Charu s father commits suicide.
Charu blames Thiru.
Thiru goes back.
Charu decided to wed her own relative.
Meanwhile  Annachi s son falls with Charu and wants to marry her.
Annachi deputes Thiru to bring Charu.
Thiru devices his own plans to thwart Annachi s nefarious plans and save Charu.
Forms the remaining part.
Thiru saves Charu and ultimately re-unite with her.
<EOS>
A police detective s fiance is killed.
The Satan Killer played.
He teams up with an ex-cop and an ex-male nurse.
The main character  detective Stephens  is an atrocious alcoholic  drowning his sorrows daily.
He gets saved from a brutal beating by a drag queen.
He ends up brutally killing about a half dozen innocent people.
Who stand.
We then find.
The Satan Killer s real name is Jimbo.
We discover his twisted sordid history.
A scene is played  and asks a priest.
Where Jimbo is only a young man.
His mother and God hate him.
Jimbo begins crying  then the film cuts with him  as a troubled adult male  standing in front of a church .
Where he shouts in anger You never fooled me.
Yet  there is a soft side.
Jimbo s boss attempts to rape a young blonde.
Jimbo tells him to lay off her and spares her life.
We learn.
It turns out.
Jimbo s mother was an abusive stripper battling an addiction who ridiculed him.
The blonde young woman resembled his mother.
He felt and saved her life.
The Satan Killer viciously stalks the streets and takes down evil.
Detective Stephens catches a pimp in an alleyway beating up a hooker.
He asks.
Whats your name.
The pimp responds.
Three punk clad teens watch.
One teen merely cusses.
Stephens simply walks off to continue his tirade  sparing the children.
Though Stephens is prone.
The Satan Killer is finally apprehended and killed.
<EOS>
To relieve her boring life  day from high school  Hiroko participates in a robbery with the local gang.
Hiroko is involved.
<EOS>
Shirley Valentine-Bradshaw is a 42 year old Liverpudlian housewife.
Whose family pays her so little attention she frequently talks in order to keep a conversation going.
Shirley uncharacteristically puts herself first and accepts her invitation to join her.
When her flamboyant friend Jane wins a trip to Greece.
Jane promptly abandons her companion for a romance with a man.
She met before it even took off.
Shirley sets off  with Jane promising to return that night.
When the plane lands.
Jane does nt surface.
Shirley is fine  exploring the island.
Eventually she is rescued at lunch one day.
Another British couple begins to disparage Greece as being too Greek.
Shirley ca nt stand more than a few insults.
She blasts them all  letting them know that the Greeks are responsible that they take for granted.
She goes off alone and happens upon a taverna.
She then asks the owner to help her fulfill a dream  drinking wine.
She s had.
The owner  Costas Dimitriades  willingly helps her.
The grass is indeed greener.
Costas comes and offers to walk her back to her room.
Once there  he invites her out.
He promises not to try to seduce her.
When she balks.
Convinced  she agrees.
He only wants to cheer her up.
The next morning   Jane returns  begging for forgiveness and not giving Shirley a word in edgewise.
Shirley is preparing to meet Costas.
Costas shows up.
Jane goes to change together.
Shirley leaves  with Jane trailing behind in disbelief.
Shirley then pawns Jane off as payback for leaving her alone.
Shirley and Costas go out.
Shirley goes skinny-dipping  revealing.
She does nt want Costas to keep his promise before.
He does nt.
She believes.
Jane hears.
Shirley has fallen with Costas.
However  Shirley reveals.
She s fallen with the idea of living.
Shirley spends more time  yet she is despondent about having to leave soon.
Shirley gets as far before turning back.
The time comes.
Once back  she finds Costas handing the same line to another tourist.
He did.
However  Shirley is nt upset  she wants a job.
She did nt return.
She drops Shirley s suitcase.
Jane arrives.
Who is carrying an armful.
He is shocked and embarrassed.
Calls Shirley any time.
He can.
He becomes more and more desperate.
The longer she is away  as she becomes more content.
Finally their son tells Joe to go and get her.
Hurt  Joe sets off for Greece.
Shirley  having received a telegram  prepares for it.
Costas is afraid with Joe  and begs off with a fake excuse.
He walks.
Joe arrives.
She calls him and.
When he turns around  sees  as Shirley puts it  not the wife or the mother.
She pours him a glass of wine and invites him to sit with her at the table and chairs by the sea.
<EOS>
Martha Heyer  a virginal 31 years old librarian  is with her domineering unloving father.
He is a fastidious man.
Who refuses to be touched.
Touring the city  the Spanish Steps.
Martha soon discovers.
Her purse  containing all  has been stolen in the confusion.
She reaches her mother giving her the bad news.
Leaving the embassy  Martha crosses the path.
Who catches her eye.
She his.
They are mutually mesmerized but keep going their own ways.
Back  Constance  Martha is ill received by her mother.
Who blames her.
Martha s mother  an alcoholic  takes openly.
Martha turns down an offer from her boss at the library.
Who immediately proposes.
Martha is formally introduced to Helmut Salomon  a wealthy civil engineer.
Who was the man she crossed glances leaving the German embassy.
Helmut insults her by detailing her physical failings.
Martha meekly accepts these and responds.
Helmut takes her and insists  despite Martha being terrified of the idea.
They take a ride together.
She vomits.
He proposes marriage.
Martha  her face streaked  thanks him and gleefully accepts.
Martha s mother.
Her daughter intends to marry.
Helmut takes the opportunity to have Martha s mother institutionalized.
The couple goes to the Italian coast.
Helmut refuses to allow her to apply suntan oil  deliberately ensuing.
She gets sunburned.
He has sex.
They are.
Who screams.
Helmut proves to be both sadistic and domineering.
His sadism takes the form.
Whenever she is.
Martha reaches out tentatively from her friend Marianne  but is unable to explain Helmut s behavior.
Marianne is not much of a help.
Helmut insists.
They move out so that they can start anew.
He arranges  he works at changing her musical tastes  he insists on her reading and memorizing an engineering text related to his work  he tries controlling her contact with the outside world  finally he has the telephone disconnected and does not allow her to leave the house anymore.
Her to leave her job.
Martha submits with increasing reluctance.
His violent sexuality is not stopped.
She is ridiculed.
When she tries to please him.
Helmut frustrates Martha s hopes.
She wishes to start a family.
Her husband refuses to have children.
Can be deranged.
Begging Helmut allows her to have a pet cat.
Shortly afterwards she finds the cat dead.
One day  Martha finds Helmut waiting at home.
He announces.
He has a present in the bedroom.
She interprets this.
She races out and runs away  ultimately ending up looking with Mr Kaiser a friend and colleague.
Who she had trained.
He agrees to take her.
She has become so paranoid  now.
She imagines that the car is Helmut in pursuit.
She grabs the wheel.
She and Kaiser are  causing the car to crash.
Martha wakes up and soon learns.
Kaiser died and that she herself will be paralyzed for life in her lower body.
She is told not to worry  however.
Helmut is not the kind to abandon her in need.
Helmut takes Martha.
<EOS>
The animation begins.
Avuncular and humorous Professor Toto invites his class to watch a cartoon.
Eric describes  I comb my hair  I put  I put on my shoes  I drink hot chocolate  Dad drinks coffee  and Mom drinks tea  in school  lunchtime  park  snack time  dinner  and bedtime environments.
What he is doing.
Then the professor introduces his class periodically prompting viewers to repeat and asking review questions such as.
What is the cat wearing.
<EOS>
Fernando meets Alexis  a handsome gay youth  and immediately falls for him.
The two begin a relationship.
Apart  consists mainly in Fernando telling Alexis how pastoral the city was when he left.
Alexis explains to Fernando the ins and outs.
His sarcastic worldview is mellowed.
Though Fernando has come home to die.
He soon discovers.
Alexis is a gang member and hitman himself  and that members are after him.
He is finally killed.
Several assassination attempts fail.
Fernando is partly responsible.
Alexis  weapon has been lost.
Fernando visits Alexis  mother and gives her some money  and then walks.
When he encounters Wilmar  who bears a striking resemblance  not only in his looks but in his entire manner.
He invites Wilmar.
The two begin an affair  rekindling the kind.
He had.
Wilmar is also a killer.
It is a shocking revelation.
When he finds out that Wilmar is the one who shot Alexis.
He vows to kill Wilmar.
Then learns.
It was Alexis who started the violence.
He is killed as well.
When Wilmar goes to say goodbye before he and Fernando leave the country together.
Seeing  Fernando presumably commits suicide.
The vicious cycle denies happiness.
The last scene is taken to hint.
<EOS>
Jin awakes.
Where he causes a traffic accident to find that the accident actually took place.
The police suspect a woman  Ran.
She denies any involvement as she was asleep the whole time.
It transpires.
While Jin dreams  Ran acts out those dreams.
<EOS>
Tauba Tauba  a B-grade Hindi movie  tells the tale.
Who is obsessed.
This is all due in his school.
The Sex Crazy headmaster Mr Gomes involved with his secretary Sophia  this makes Sunny crazy about sex in his tender age.
Who is playing sex.
<EOS>
The late nineteenth century  Count dOrigo  a notorious roue  spots an attractive woman.
Hoping to seduce her  he attempts to find out.
Who she is.
She is Geraldine  a practiced courtesan.
However  the local mayor tells the Count.
She is Ottavia  the wife  Enrico  a struggling young musician.
Enrico is hoping to stage his newly completed opera.
He will get the backing.
He needs.
His uncle hopes to help Enrico  so she can be seduced.
Geraldine will extract a promise.
She submits.
Geraldine  Ottavia and Enrico agree to go along.
However  he becomes increasingly jealous.
Enrico introduces Geraldine.
The Count moves in.
Eventually he forces the Count to leave.
Charmed  Geraldine asks him to pretend.
She is really his wife night  so that she can live her dream of having a normal life with a devoted husband.
Meanwhile  the real Ottavia has been staying.
Where she becomes intrigued.
She is coached by Geraldine s maid.
Pretending to be Geraldine  she entertains two buffoonish suitors.
Sexually frustrated  the Count learns and visits her home.
He is entranced.
She swears.
When she learns that her husband threw the Count out to be alone.
She will revenge herself.
The maid persuades her to force the Count to agree to put the opera on  she will get her revenge.
Ottavia pretends to offer herself  but keeps delaying  playing music from the opera on the piano.
She refuses to go.
He agrees to get it performed.
Eventually he gives in.
Ottavia pretends.
He tries to kiss her  looking forward.
The Count is forced to sit up.
She recovers.
Some months later the opera is performed.
The principal characters meet once again.
<EOS>
Lieutenant Jake Cool Hand Grafton and his bombardier/navigator and best friend Lieutenant Morgan Morg McPhearson are flying a Grumman A-6 Intruder.
Morgan navigates their way.
Jake makes comments.
Passing the coast  they hit their target  a suspected truck park.
Turns out to be trees.
Morgan is shot by a Vietnamese peasant.
Flying back out.
Jake declares an emergency.
His BN and friend is dead.
Disturbed and covered  Jake walks into a debriefing with Commander Frank Camparelli and the executive officer  Commander Cowboy Parker.
What he could recall.
A new pilot is then introduced.
Who is named Razor.
The next morning  a memorial service is held.
Which the letter Jake wrote is narrated.
Lieutenant Commander Virgil Cole arrives  then shortly speaks with Camparelli.
Jake  his room-mate Sammy Lundeen  Bob Boxman Walkawitz and Mad Jack fly.
He goes to see Sharon.
She s already departed.
He runs.
Who is packing Sharon s things.
Jake runs into Callie again in a cafe.
She reveals and was killed on a solo mission over Vietnam.
Her husband was a pilot himself.
Jake returns.
Where Camparelli confronts him regarding the incident.
Cole and Jake are paired.
They encounter and manage to evade a North Vietnamese.
Jake suggests.
They bomb Hanoi  which could get them court martialed.
Cole rejects the idea.
Jake and Cole are paired up with Boxman.
Boxman is shot down and killed by another SAM.
US aircraft debris are flashed in victorious manner by the Vietnamese in Hanoi.
Cole agrees to attack Hanoi.
They read and decide on SAM City  a missile depot.
They drop two  leaving eight for the missile depot.
Their armament computer goes out.
Their bombs do not release.
They come back around and release  the missile depot is obliterated.
Camparelli informs them of their court martial at Subic Bay.
The court martial charges are dropped.
When Operation Linebacker II is ordered.
Nixon and their mission is covered up.
The next day  Camparelli grounds them.
The rest conduct a daylight raid to destroy anti-aircraft emplacements.
Camparelli is hit  his bombardier dead.
Sammy Lundeen is hit and has to head.
Razor is ordered to disengage.
Jake and Cole fly one more time to assist Camparelli.
They destroy the ZSU  but are heavily damaged and forced.
Jake lands and runs to cover with Camparelli.
Separated  Cole tries to evade the NVA.
When he gets.
He successfully kills him  but is mortally wounded.
He comes with Jake and lies to him  telling him he has already gotten away.
Moments later  a pair.
S.
Air Force A-1 Skyraiders appear.
To provide cover.
Cole instructs the lead Sandy to drop ordnance and pops smoke.
He is killed along with a few dozen NVA and possibly a ZSU.
Jake and Camparelli retreat away from their aircraft.
Being pursued.
The Jolly Green Giant helicopter sent in to retrieve.
Them drops a jungle penetrating cable.
Jake hooks Camparelli and takes his pistol and hides in a ditch waiting for any snipers to appear.
A sniper pops up.
Camparelli is being pulled.
Jake jumps out firing his handguns.
The penetrator is sent back down.
Jake is hoisted to the helicopter.
The Skyraiders conduct one final napalm run.
The film ends reading a letter from Callie and talking to Camparelli  congratulating him on being selected for promotion to Captain and says.
He would like to be.
Camparelli replies.
He would nt have it any other way.
<EOS>
The film begins arriving at their Austrian lake house.
They spot their next-door neighbor.
Fred accompanied.
The two men begin imposing themselves.
Eventually a frustrated Anna demands.
The men leave  asking Georg to eject them.
Paul kills.
Rolfi  Peter breaks Georg s leg.
The two men take the family hostage  forcing it to participate.
Order to stay alive.
Paul asks.
The family wants to bet that they will be alive in the morning  though he doubts that they will win.
The two men keep up a constant patter.
Paul frequently ridicules Peter s weight and lack.
He describes a number.
No definitive explanation is ever presented.
Anna passes the men off -- much in the same way Fred did at the beginning of the film.
When some arrive for a visit.
The visitors leave.
Georgie eventually escapes  but finds the family dead.
He attempts to shoot Paul.
It is not loaded.
Paul returns him.
Peter plays a counting-out game between the family members and shoots Georgie.
Paul is.
Both intruders leave.
Georg and Anna weep.
Eventually resolve to survive.
Anna flees the house.
Georg   tries to get help with the malfunctioning phone.
Anna struggles to find help  but eventually Peter and Paul reappear  capture her  and return.
They kill Georg and take Anna out early the next morning.
Paul casually throws the bound Anna into the water to drown  thus winning their bet.
They dock.
Had previously visited the family.
<EOS>
The movie is a powerful story.
Deals in the middle class of India.
It is shot.
They lived together as well as separately.
The movie starts getting down at the railway station and making his way to the waiting room.
As it starts to rain heavily.
A woman  Sudha  is already sitting.
She tries to hide her face from him but later they confront each other.
Mahender has an accomplished business dealing.
He respects his grandfather immensely.
Incidentally  he had been engaged for 5 years but always made some excuse to delay their wedding.
However  this time his grandfather has fixed the wedding.
He reveals.
He is having an affair of the most radical representations of feminism in a girl called Maya.
He returns to tell Maya.
Maya has disappeared  leaving him some poetry.
Mahender then marries Sudha and is quite happy.
The sudden return causes tensions in their married life.
Mahender frequently tells.
Sudha did over the years that they lived together.
Later  Maya tries to commit suicide.
This leads to Mahender spending time over a few weeks.
Sudha  not knowing and therefore believing  feels  and questions Mahender about his intentions.
Mahender is being unfaithful.
Her marriage was a mistake.
He then tells her strongly.
He is going to bring Maya home to talk.
Sudha is adamantly.
Mahender leaves.
However  Maya hears Sudha s anger.
Mahender reaches to pick her up.
He finds.
When he returns home.
Sudha has also left.
Mahender  unable to bear the shock  gets a heart attack.
Follow. 
Sudha continues.
Mahender is beginning to feel convinced.
It is time to bring Sudha back home.
But then he gets Sudha s letter saying.
She is releasing him and that he is free to marry Maya.
A sudden uncontrolled outburst makes.
Maya realize that she was the cause and that Mahender missed Sudha deeply.
Maya suddenly feels estranged and  in the night  rides off on her motorbike.
Mahender rushes to follow her.
Then Maya s long scarf gets entangled.
She gets dragged off her bike and strangled.
Sudha is deeply grieved.
Later   Sudha s husband bursts in unexpectedly to pick her up.
Mahender realizes.
Sudha is now married.
Mahender asks her to forgive him.
Sudha s husband leaves the waiting room.
She touches Mahender s feet.
Her to leave him  something which she had not received the last time they had separated.
Mahender grants her wishes  speaks well  and gives her his blessings for a happy life.
Sudha s husband returns to see.
What is holding her up.
Then  seeing Sudha s teary face  it dawns.
This man must be her former husband.
The movie ends.
Sudha hanging back a little and looking back tearfully and.
If she does not want to leave.
Mahender stands.
<EOS>
The film tells the story to the heart of California s winery valleys to make peace with his long-estranged family.
Instead  he finds a harrowing mystery.
Endangers his family s lives and livelihood.
<EOS>
Dae-Gyu is a working man  living a stress free dating life.
A young boy claiming to be his son pays him an unexpected visit.
Dae-Gyu makes a compromise to go.
Much wavering and struggle to make his son go away.
Which he would return the boy.
<EOS>
Eddie and Michael are best friends.
They are both gay  but hold diametrically opposed outlooks.
Eddie likes watching old movies.
Michael likes video games and the street.
They are total opposites.
Argue. 
Leaving  they stumble into the bizarre fantasy world of a transvestite nightclub called The Fruit Machine  run by Annabelle.
There  they witness a brutal gangland murder.
Transforms their quest into a run for their lives.
Alone and afraid  yet hopeful  they wind up with Vincent and Eve at Wonderland.
Where their path is strewn.
<EOS>
A married Nigerian couple  Joyce and Paul Unanga  living undocumented  has been ordered to leave the country by U.
S.
Immigration. 
They decide.
They will leave  but only after Joyce  who is five months pregnant  delivers her baby to guarantee automatic U.
S.
Citizenship. 
Thusly ignoring the deportation order  the couple goes.
She struggles to survive.
When Paul is caught and deported  leaving Joyce to fend.
Bureaucracy keeps getting.
She meets Susan  a married freelance writer.
As she is about to give up hope.
Who offers to help until the baby is born.
Joyce sets out to make the ` American Dream  come true for her unborn child.
<EOS>
Set.
Mary Mead  home  in 1953  a big Hollywood production company arrives to film a costume movie about Mary  Queen of Scots and Elizabeth I with two famous movie stars  Marina Rudd and Lola Brewster.
The two actresses are old rivals.
Who hate each other.
Marina   arrive.
Who is making a much heralded comeback.
She becomes enraged and vents her anger.
When she learns that Lola will be as well.
Lola and her husband  Martin N.
Marty Fenn   then arrive.
Who is producing the movie they are making.
Excitement runs high.
Mary Mead  held in a manor house  Gossington Hall  to meet the celebrities.
The locals have been invited.
Lola and Marina come face to face and exchange some potent and comical insults  nasty.
They smile and pose.
The two square off and cleverly written and performed cat-fights throughout the movie.
Marina however  has been receiving anonymous death threats.
She is cornered by a gushing  devoted fan  Heather Badcock.
Who bores her.
They had all those years ago  when she arose.
Was made.
The incident is unfortunate.
She is.
Everyone is certain.
She was the intended murder victim.
She discovers.
Filming begins.
Her cup of coffee on the set has also been spiked with poison  sending her into fits of terror.
The police detective is baffled.
He tries to uncover who is.
The suspected are Ella Zielinsky  Jason s production assistant  and the hotheaded actress Lola Brewster.
Who is secretly having an affair and would like Marina out of the way.
Inspector Craddock asks his aunt  the renowned amateur detective Miss Jane Marple.
Who injured her foot and is confined to her home  for assistance.
The main suspect  Zielinsky  is then killed after going to a pay phone in the village.
Where she called the murderer and threatened to expose him.
Miss Marple  now back  visits Gossington Hall   and views.
Where Marina and Jason are staying.
Where Babcock s death occurred.
Working.
Who was working.
She has collected all the evidence to indicate who committed the crime.
Sadly closes the case on who.
Mary Mead actually is  Marina Rudd.
Who has apparently committed suicide.
Miss Marple explains the murders.
Have occurred.
Heather Babcock s story was Marina s initial motive.
Ms.
Babcock suffered to most adults  but problematic for a pregnant woman.
Heather Babcock innocently infected Marina.
When she met her.
Marina was pregnant  the disease caused her child to be born with mental retardation.
Marina was overcome with rage and poisoned her without thinking.
She then spread the idea.
She was the intended victim  delivering the death threats and poisoning her own coffee.
Ella   accidentally guessed correctly  prompting Marina to murder her.
Who made phone calls from the pay phone.
She will not be brought.
Marina is now dead.
Jason  her devoted husband  confesses.
He actually administered the dosage to save her from prosecution.
However  Marina did nt touch the hot chocolate.
He made and rather poisoned herself.
<EOS>
A 1940s promotional film introduces Preston Tucker and a new automobile filled with technological innovations.
The film then flashes back.
His loyal wife and children  headed.
Support his efforts.
Tucker s passion began as a child.
He had started a successful partnership with racing car innovator Harry Miller.
Tucker designed an armored car for the United States military  rejected for being too fast.
However  the car s gun turret was put.
With the proceeds from the turret bankrolling a new automotive project  Tucker hires young designer Alex Tremulis to help him create a radical new car design  the 1948 Tucker Torpedo.
Tucker s dream will pit him against the oppressive Detroit-based Big Three automakers.
Tucker creates nationwide interest by advertising the Tucker Torpedo in Pic magazine.
Raising the money  Tucker and Karatz acquire the enormous Dodge Chicago Plant to begin manufacturing.
Pops out.
Launching The car in a spectacular way  the Tucker Corporation is met with enthusiasm from both shareholders and the general public.
However  the Tucker company board  unsure of his ability to overcome the technical and financial obstacles ahead  send Tucker off on a publicity campaign  and attempt to take complete control of the company.
Tucker faces animosity from the Big Three and the authorities led by Michigan Senator Homer S.
Ferguson.
Tucker is confronted.
The manufacturing continues.
Ferguson s investigation.
S.
Securities and Exchange Commission  causes Karatz  once convicted  to resign  fearful.
His criminal record will prejudice the hearings.
Yellow journalism also starts ruining Tucker s public image.
Though the ultimate courtroom battle is resolved when he parades his entire production run  proving that he has reached production status.
Capitalism is harmed by efforts of large corporations against small entrepreneurs like himself.
Nevertheless  Tucker s company falls.
<EOS>
8481 Kate Miller is a sexually frustrated housewife.
Who is.
Kate attempts to seduce him.
Elliott rejects her advances.
Kate goes and  in a critically applauded ten-minute sequence played entirely without dialogue  she has an unexpected flirtation with a mysterious stranger.
Kate and the stranger stalk each other.
They finally wind up outside  where Kate joins him.
They immediately begin to have sex  and continue at his apartment  unaware.
Kate has left her underwear.
Hours later  Kate awakens and  thoroughly satisfied  decides to discreetly leave.
The man  Warren Lockman  is asleep.
Kate sits and finds a document indicating.
He has contracted a sexually transmitted disease.
Mortified  she leaves.
The apartment but out realizes that she has left her wedding ring on the stranger s nightstand.
She returns to retrieve it.
The elevator doors open.
Kate is slashed.
A high-priced call girl  Liz Blake  happens and catches a glimpse of the killer  therefore becoming both the prime suspect and the killer s next target.
Elliott receives a bizarre answering machine message  a transgender person.
He is treating.
Bobbi taunts the psychiatrist.
Because Elliott refuses to sign the necessary papers to get a sex change operation.
Elliott eventually visits Bobbi s new doctor and tries to convince him.
Bobbi is a danger.
The police are less than willing to believe Liz s story  so she joins forces.
Peter to find the killer.
Peter is an inventor  and uses a series to track patients from Elliott s office.
They catch Bobbi.
Soon Liz is being stalked.
Several attempts are made.
One   is thwarted by Peter.
Who sprays Bobbi.
Liz and Peter scheme to get.
Liz baits the therapist.
It is Bobbi rather than Elliott  they are the same person.
When she returns.
Who confronts her.
Elliott/Bobbi is shot and wounded.
Who looks.
Who was trailing Liz.
Elliott is arrested and placed in an insane asylum.
It is explained.
Elliott wanted to be a woman.
His male side would not allow him to go through.
It was Bobbi.
Whenever a woman sexually aroused Elliott.
Who represented the female side.
Elliott escapes from the asylum and slashes Liz s throat in a bloody act of vengeance.
She wakes up screaming  realizing.
It was just a dream as Peter runs.
<EOS>
Jomari Yllana as Pinky s Mother Pocholo Montes as Pinky s Father.
<EOS>
Four actors win an audition to be and travel to the director s castle for a meeting and to spend the night.
Unbeknown the director is actually a vampire.
<EOS>
The film opens  speaking about his life to his nurse in a Geneva hotel.
The rest is told in flashback.
Cecil Rhodes has a great desire to acquire land for its gold deposits.
He sends Dr Jameson there to provoke border disturbances.
Secures support.
She initially refuses but changes her mind.
When Chamberlain seeks the support and her son Edward VII The Prince of Wales.
When informed.
She invites Paul Kruger  and believes.
She is tricking him.
Kruger  being suspicious  has his own plans.
Kruger signs the treaty  however  he imposes high taxes and establishes a monopoly.
Gives the British access.
Forces the British to buy explosives.
Hence  ultimately  Kruger out-tricks the British.
This impresses some.
They find an equal in matters of cunning  which is supposed to be the defining characteristic of the British.
Having been out-tricked  Rhodes tries to buy Kruger s allegiance.
Kruger and his wife Sanna  however  is incorruptible.
Rhodes shows Kruger a long list of members of the Boer council.
Work. 
Kruger then becomes convinced.
War is inevitable if the Boers are to keep their land.
He declares war.
Initially  the Boers are  leading Britain to appoint Lord Kitchener as Supreme Commander of the armed forces.
Kitchener launches an attack  destroying their homes  using some as human shields and placing the women and children in concentration camps  in an attempt to damage the morale of the Boer Army.
Kruger s son Jan   visits a concentration camp to find his wife  Petra.
Who has pro-British sentiments due.
He is caught and hanged.
They are massacred.
When the women respond.
The flashback concludes.
A dying Kruger prophesies the destruction by major world powers.
Will make the world a better place to live in.
<EOS>
Crime and corruption have taken without any solution.
A rash takes place.
One auto-rickshaw driver Auto Kesariya is.
The policemen are doing little to stop these crimes.
Former Assistant Commissioner is reinstated and assigned to this case.
Arjun gets himself deeply involved and faces the shock and trauma of finding skeletal remains of young women as well as body parts stolen from innocent patients from hospitals.
Who have been abducted.
His personal life also turns upside down.
His fiancee abandons him  while his niece is abducted and held for ransom.
Himself becomes the target of assassins hired by influential politicians and senior police officials.
<EOS>
Kathy Ferguson is a San Francisco newspaper advice columnist.
One day  Bill Doyle  a Los Angeles police detective  and his partner Charlie Alidos travel to arrest.
A fugitive wanted.
He meets Kathy.
They fall.
Kathy had been offered a big job.
She abandons her career  marries Doyle and moves.
Her new role quickly makes her unhappy.
She wants her husband to move up.
She wants him to have the same kind  to become somebody.
She had.
Doyle has different values.
He works.
Order to afford a comfortable lifestyle  no more.
Kathy schemes to push her husband up the ladder means necessary.
She manipulates his boss Tony Pope.
Who has an ailing wife  to sleep.
She wants Pope to promote her husband.
He is not so easily manipulated.
He refuses to grant Doyle a plum job  believing.
He s not qualified.
Dropping  she steals a gun used in a crime.
Her husband is investigating.
Kathy then confronts Pope and pleads.
He not grant Charlie Alidos the promotion.
Pope refuses.
She coldly shoots him.
Doyle is assigned.
All trails lead.
She tells him  Now I ll know.
When Bill confronts Kathy.
Just how much you really are.
Bill responds  The same cop  Kathy.
The same cop you met.
Same cop  pounding a beat.
I was 10 years ago.
The same cop.
Bill Doyle then takes Kathy Doyle to police headquarters to be booked.
<EOS>
Professor Lawrence Van Helsing gives a lecture at a Chongqing university on Chinese vampire legend.
He speaks.
Has been terrorized.
A simple farmer  armed and who had lost his wife to the vampires  trekked his way to the temple of the vampires where he saw many other unfortunate woman strapped to tables waiting for their blood to be drained.
The farmer burst in and battled the vampires.
He is unsuccessful.
His wife is killed.
But  he grabbed a bat-like medallion around one of the vampire s neck.
He sees.
Defeated  the farmer flees the temple but the High Priest orders the vampires.
No sooner have they left to aid the seven vampires.
Still carrying the medallion  the farmer places it.
He knocks desperately but is in vain.
The vampires and their undead catch up and kill him.
However  one spies the medallion around the buddha and goes over to collect it.
The moment the vampire touched the Buddha  the creature is destroyed.
Van Helsing goes.
He is positive the village still exists and is still terrorised.
He is only unsure.
Where the village lies.
Many students disapprove and leave.
A student named.
Hsi Ching informs him that the legend is true and that he knows the location.
He goes on to say.
The farmer who killed one was his grandfather.
He proves his story.
He then asks Professor Van Helsing.
He would be willing to travel and destroy the vampire menace.
Van Helsing agrees and embarks  Leyland Van helsing  Hsi Ching and his seven kung-fu trained siblings on a dangerous journey funded by a wealthy widow named Vanessa Buren.
Who Leyland and two saved from the Tongs.
They are ambushed by the six remaining vampires in a cave along with the undead.
The group are quickly engaged and soon kill several of the vampires.
The remaining beasts  sensing  are quick to retreat  taking their army with them.
They are outnumbered.
The following morning  the party reach the village  partly ruined but still populated  and prepare to make their final stand.
They use wooden stakes a large trench around them filled with oil.
That evening  Kah calls on the remaining vampires to kill Van Helsing and his party once and for all.
The vampires ride followed by their army of undead to the village.
The vampires reach the village.
Soon Van Helsing s group once again do battle.
Buren is bitten by a vampire.
She quickly becomes one.
She then seduces Ching and bites his neck.
Knowing  Ching throws himself and Buren.
What he will become and what he has to do.
Elsewhere the remaining vampire captures one and takes her back to the temple to be drained.
Seeing this  Van Helsings son  Leyland  steals a horse and pursues.
The undead defeated  Van Helsing and his remaining party follow to help Layland.
Having reached the temple itself  the vampire straps the sister.
It is about to drain her.
When Layland leaps and throws it to the ground before freeing the sister.
However  the vampire comes round and attacks Layland throwing him.
Leyland is about to be drained.
When Van Helsing and his group burst in.
Van Helsing thrusts a spear back  staking it.
Dying  the last stumbles and collapses into a vat of boiling blood  leaving behind the bat-like medallion  its mask  a pile of dried blood and red dust.
Where it quickly evaporates.
The party leave the temple  save.
Who feels a familiar atmosphere.
Sure enough  a familiar voice barks.
Van Helsing turns round to face Kah the High Priest.
Recognizing the voice  Van Helsing realises.
Dracula is using the form to control the golden vampires and their undead.
Van Helsing demands Dracula to show himself calling him a coward.
Dracula reverts and attacks Van Helsing.
Van Helsing succeeds in stabbing Dracula with a spear through the heart.
Weakened  the Count collapses and gradually decays to bones.
The spear is weakened and collapses  smashing the vampires skull.
Killed Dracula.
Soon  there is nothing left  save for his dusty remains and the blood-stained spear.
Van Helsing sighs.
The nightmare is finally over.
<EOS>
The husband takes his wife  hoping.
A newlywed couple suffer a miscarriage.
The trip will help relieve his wife s depression.
The wife enters into an incestuous relationship with her.
<EOS>
A pre-1900s burlesque  vaudeville revue  Carroll Levis brings newly discovered talent.
The film consists.
<EOS>
A chief surgeon kills the nurse.
Whom he is having an affair after he becomes engaged to be married.
He becomes tormented by her spirit  and in a confused mental state  kills his fiancee.
<EOS>
The griotte Yande Codou Sene   is one.
Who is now around 80 years old.
This documentary  shot  is an intimate portrait of the diva  poet President  Leopold Sedar Senghor.
Traveled by the side of one of the country s legendary figures.
A sweet and bitter story  glory and the passage of time.
<EOS>
A man is walking and finds a chocolate eclair  ponders over it for a bit then decides to eat it  then suddenly is yanked into the sea by a hook and line.
<EOS>
Four boy-penguins are curious.
Their mother warns them.
Curiosity killed the cat.
They ignore her.
Because she hypocritically displays her own curiosity.
The boy-penguins joyfully enter the cabin.
But  they find themselves in danger  two of them fiddle with a kettle of hot water and get hurt.
One gets hurt.
Sneezes everytime and accidentally gets his beak stuck.
He gets.
He later gets it freed.
Eventually  a penguin plays with matchsticks and in the process  fire is accidentally created.
The fire comes and attacks him.
The penguin makes.
Who was playing  accidentally.
It start shooting around.
A bullet hits a rocket box  causing it to fall near the fire and upon being lighted  all the rockets start flying around the house  causing extreme mayhem.
Finally  one rocket sends all the penguins flying out and high into the sky.
They all fall back.
They apologize and say.
When their mother comes again.
We promise never ever to be curious again.
The four penguins are forgiven.
Immediately they see something mysterious.
The creature pops out and is revealed to be a polar bear.
When they get closer.
The bear roars ferociously  causing all the five penguins to run away.
<EOS>
Dr Sudhir returns after his father s death to take care of family business.
To decorate an empty section  Sudhir buys an old Piano from a local shop.
Weird things start happening.
He buys the Piano.
He meets a mysterious woman Maria.
Who tells him that while he can play Piano as he is the new owner  he should not let others play it.
The first person to play the piano dies as soon.
She has finished playing.
Soon a long time house-servant dies.
Dr Sudhir is a suspect.
Complicating the situation is a local businessman Shankarlal.
Who might be helping the Police.
<EOS>
Alex and his girlfriend are looking to move into.
They then find this nice apartment.
Their neighbor seduces Alex.
His girlfriend is away.
Alex begins to turn into an angry  melting monster.
He finds.
The only way he can return is to commit murder.
His girlfriend must learn the secret.
Took place centuries ago.
<EOS>
A man walks a length  looking.
His elderly mother whom he believes fell at some point.
He brings his daughter along.
<EOS>
Belial returns to Basket Case.
Duane Bradly and his hideously deformed brother are accepted under the care of Granny Ruth and her beautiful granddaughter.
A snooping tabloid reporter and a sleazy photographer threaten to endanger the community s welfare.
The two brothers join to defend their privacy with a vengeance.
DVD Covers  Basket Case.
<EOS>
The widowed Chief Minister Jagdish Acharya lives an opulent lifestyle along.
One day.
He gets a phone call.
I.
R.
A shocked Jagdish instructs the Police Commissioner to proceed.
Jagdish has a heart attack and dies.
Touring. 
Sunita is asked to be the new Chief Minister and accepts.
The Police arrest Sanjay  hold him in a cell  and try him in court.
Sunita s boyfriend  advocate Jaggan Sinha   represents Sanjay.
Whose brother  Raghu  is also a lawyer.
Jaggan examines the evidence  witnesses and the complainant.
He proves.
The complaint was politically motivated  and that Parvati did not exhibit signs of rape nor was there any proof of her involvement with Sanjay.
The Judge concurs.
Sanjay is set free.
Jaggan finds out.
The Archarya family celebrates Sanjay s release.
Sanjay did indeed abduct and rape Parvati.
Jaggan decides to reopen the case  much  she decides to represent Sanjay against Jaggan.
Jaggan takes care.
Sunita demands.
Jaggan not defend Parvati.
Jaggan insists.
Parvati eventually gets justice.
Jaggan and Sunita reconcile.
<EOS>
Coach Dudley is a hard-driving college football coach.
Who strives to shape the character  transforming them into real men.
Unfortunately  the Coach s son  Bob   hates sports and participates.
Who plays.
Because he is forced to do so.
Bob lets his team down and.
A result is rejected.
Bob joins a rival college team.
Bob pulls.
Himself together to win the Big Game  proving himself worthy.
<EOS>
Ambujakshi alias Ambu  a film actress  arrives to spend the vacations with her friend Deepa  a divorcee and her two children.
Three years ago  she was shooting.
Going  Ambu recalls an early incident regarding her ex-boyfriend Madanagopal alias Madan  a wealthy entrepreneur.
Madan was suspicious with the actor.
He however let Ambu drive his car.
Returning. 
Madan advised Ambu to stop acting.
Ambu claimed it.
She ca nt give up  leading.
They blamed a small white car  to be the reason for the crash.
Just passed.
Unable to bear anymore arguments  Ambu broke her relationship and walked away.
Madan now suspects.
Ambu may be having a relationship.
To end that  he hires detective Major Raja Mannar to follow her.
When she goes.
Mannar accepts.
He needs money to pay the hospital bills  and his wife Mallika.
Contrary  Ambu is loyal and virtuous   Madan refuses to pay him.
When Mannar reports this.
His suspicions were unfounded.
Disappointed  Mannar fabricates a story and tells Madan.
To save his dying friend Rajan.
She is having a secret affair.
He introduces himself as a tourist to Ambu  Deepa and Deepa s children  and becomes close to the group.
Mannar says to Madhan.
Getting closer.
The other guy is bad.
Madhan does not want to hear that and eventually breaks up.
Mannar reveals.
Recollecting his past.
He lost his wife.
Ambujakshi realizes.
The accident was caused during the argument with Madan.
Both decide to confront each other with the truth.
Ambu misunderstands Kurup and slaps him and tells.
She loves Mannar.
Meanwhile Rajan should undergo an operation immediately.
To make things worse Madan announces.
He will visit them at Venice.
Ultimately  Mannar and Deepa stage a plan to deceive Madhan for the final break-up with Ambu.
Madhan arrives take place among the characters.
Finally  Madhan realises.
Ambu has fallen with Mannar and accepts it with a heavy heart.
Rajan recovers from cancer.
The film ends to India on the cruise  with Madhan falling for Deepa.
<EOS>
The village is constantly under attack by the Atomic Shopping Carts  armoured carts with large drills on their front.
A bridge keeps the Carts away.
The villagers enlist the Siamese twin tag-team wrestlers  Arf and Omega  to protect them.
Arf and Omega fight off the Carts.
A banquet is held.
Where the mayor thanks them.
Steve gives a lengthy  boring speech.
The twins heckle and throw their food.
He walks away  dejected.
The defeat leads to another problem for Vileness Flats - The Bell Boys  a gang of midgets.
Who live.
They disguise themselves.
Order to cross the now-safe bridge  to steal the real meat.
These raids are depriving the villagers.
Steve has his own problems  as well.
No one knows.
He is actually two people - Steve  the religious leader  and Lonesome Jack  the leader of the Bell Boys and the mastermind of the meat raids.
To complicate matters further  both Steve and Jack are deeply Weescoosa.
Who has spent eternity searching.
Sadly   he dies.
Whenever it looks like she has found him.
The raids are causing unrest.
Fights are breaking out.
The villagers ask Arf and Omega to deal.
They agree.
However  they head off.
They do anything.
The first act is a performance.
The second is a performance.
Honeydew flirts  causing them to become jealous of each other.
Honeydew is part.
That Lonesome Jack and the Bell Boys will be safe to attack the village.
Arf and Omega become so enraged.
They become engaged  eventually killing each other.
Steve  confused and worried  decides to jump into a local volcano to kill himself and thus get rid of the problems facing Vileness Flats.
This was about as far.
The film got before production was ended.
<EOS>
El Mariachi is recruited to kill General Emiliano Marquez  leader of a guerilla force.
Who has been hired.
Many years ago  El Mariachi and his wife Carolina confronted Marquez and wounded the general  in retaliation  Marquez took the lives of Carolina and their daughter in an ambush.
Sands persuades former FBI agent Jorge Ramirez.
To come out and kill Barillo  who had murdered his partner Archuleta in the past.
Furthermore  AFN operative Ajedrez is assigned to tail Barillo.
Ramirez meets Billy Chambers  an American fugitive  but can no longer stomach the horrible tasks.
Monitoring Barillo s activities.
Who has been living.
He s been forced to carry out.
Ramirez convinces Chambers.
He will provide him protection.
Chambers agrees to complete the deal.
S.
Authorities once Barillo has been taken down.
Cucuy   tranquilizes El Mariachi and brings him.
Who was originally hired to keep an eye on El Mariachi.
Cucuy  however  is promptly killed.
El Mariachi escapes and calls his friends Lorenzo and Fideo to assist him in his mission.
Ramirez notices armed men storming the building and follows suit.
Monitoring Barillo s activity.
He discovers.
Barillo has bled as a result of a botched facial reconstruction  but realizes.
The corpse is a body double before he is knocked out and kidnapped by the real Barillo and Ajedrez  who reveals herself to be Barillo s daughter.
Sands realizes.
His mission has been compromised  but is too late  as he is captured before sending him out.
He manages to gun down a hitman tailing him with the aid of a chiclet boy.
Marquez and his army storm in and attack the presidential palace.
The village celebrates Day.
The guerrillas  however  are met from not only the Mexican army  but the villagers and the Mariachis.
Marquez enters the presidential palace  only to once again confront El Mariachi.
Who shoots out his kneecaps.
Ramirez   faces Barillo.
Who was released by Chambers.
Mariachi kill.
The drug lord.
Sands manages to shoot the sadistic Ajedrez dead.
Ultimately  Lorenzo and Fideo walk away.
Barillo was using to pay Marquez  and escort the president.
Ramirez walks away  having accomplished his job.
El Mariachi gives his part before walking into the sunset.
Sands begins his new life.
<EOS>
Tim and Eric are two filmmakers.
Who are given a record-setting $ 1 Billion budget to make a movie.
The funds are provided.
The two waste all and leave Los Angeles in fear or be hunted down by the Schlaaang Corp.
They will go.
Tim and Eric decided to renovate the SWallow Valley Mall in the hopes.
They will make back their billion dollar debt.
They must deal.
Trying to refurbish the mall.
Stalks the food court.
They are eventually discovered to Alan Bishopman  an abrasive man.
Who owns a knife shop.
Which most are killed.
The movie ends.
<EOS>
Ted Ryker is the top salesman.
The corporate stock lives  the competition is very intense.
The economy may be headed.
Ted s company is marking time.
A revolutionary new product is ready  probably.
Some competitors may know something  through industrial espionage  and fear its impact on the market.
A new company hire  callow Midwesterner Jamie Bashant  has moved east.
Jamie and Belisa are a young couple just starting out.
Jamie has to learn the business.
Ted is very successful.
Also cynical  hard-driving  profane  obnoxious  abusive  and a lousy team player.
He has few.
His shortcomings are tolerated.
His output is so outstanding.
Ted  assigned to train Jamie  watches Jamie struggle  failing after presentation  Ted tries  in vain  to help Jamie improve his performance and make a few sales  even giving one of his own sure deals to Jamie.
Who messes it up.
Then  Ted is introduced through normal company friendship  and discovers a strong mutual attraction to her.
Belisa is impressed.
The two start a relationship  and do their best to keep this secret.
Who is worried.
Ted confesses.
He has a failed love  and that this affected him very deeply  leading to a career switch from college literature professor at Northwestern University near Chicago to hard-driving star salesman in New York.
Belisa does her best to comfort him  the two discover a shared interest The Picture of Dorian Gray.
Belisa studied.
Ted spends increasingly more time.
Ted is falling hard.
Who postpones her wedding.
But Ted s sales performance is dropping dramatically.
The rest feels even more pressure.
His contribution is so important.
Branch manager John Whitman has prospered  but starts losing confidence in Ted  and is mystified at Ted s lack of dedication  such a contrast from his previous strong effort.
Belisa seems ready to end her engagement in favor of Ted  as the two travel to Atlantic City for a getaway from the stress  and use Jamie s week-long absence at a training conference to deepen their relationship.
However  the company is  not just in New York but at its other locations as well.
Downsizing and firings are imminent.
His career is sinking.
As Ted s love life is prospering.
Jamie  showing no improvement whatsoever  becomes suspicious.
Belisa is cheating  and nears a nervous breakdown.
He also fears.
He turns.
Belisa becomes very concerned and decides to break off her affair  to take care of Jamie.
The two plan to return together.
Ted is devastated  and no longer cares about his career  he avoids.
The office  does nt answer his phone or return messages  fails to close several critical deals.
This drives the company closer to ruin.
Manager Whitman s own career is.
The company collapses and dozens are fired.
But it finally becomes clear.
The bumbling Jamie is a double agent sent  to weaken the company  and that this was merely part of a deep nationwide strategy to undermine it as preparation for a corporate takeover  as the company s stock bottoms out with its falling sales.
But Belisa   discovers.
Who has been central  so convincing with the affair which distracted Ted  destroying his sales performance and then his confidence.
She does actually love him.
Belisa returns and visits Ted.
Who is no longer interested.
Ted leaves New York and returns  his cynical outlook is reinforced with the failure of the relationship.
Jamie  no longer the clumsy klutz  is greatly emboldened now.
He confronts his true employer  the corporate shark.
Who masterminded the whole strategem to gain control  and demands his money.
Belisa is left broken-hearted and angst-ridden  the movie closes.
He has left behind.
<EOS>
Tilt is a young pinball wizard.
Who has thoughts.
Skipping school one day  Tilt decides to go.
Where the owner helps set her up with an unaware gambler named Felix.
Neil watches and is impressed.
The easily hustled Felix loses.
Neil tells Tilt and needs to raise money to make a demo tape.
He is a hopeful country and western star.
She s impressed and agrees to help by traveling with him  raising cash with her pinball skill.
Neil sets up a game.
When the two eventually end up back.
However  Neil does nt realize.
Tilt has caught.
His plans are not going to go.
Hoped. 
<EOS>
Dr Jeremiah Morley is concerned.
He organizes an expedition and has them use an atomic-powered machine  capable of drilling through earth and stone  known as the Cyclotram  to find an underground environment.
Where people could escape.
The expedition  consisting begins.
They are bailed out Bruce Kellogg.
Who insists.
Romantic rivalry develops for Nash.
Two lives are lost  but in the end  the scientists accomplish their goal and find an enormous expanse with plentiful air  its own ocean and phosphorus light.
However  the lab rabbits.
They have brought with them give birth.
Ms Nash discovers.
The underground world has rendered the rabbits.
Hence any other life form sterile.
Dr Morley is depressed.
He does nt enter the cyclotram and perishes.
When an underground volcano erupts.
The survivors enter the underground sea and find themselves rising up  fortunately near a tropical island.
Many seem to have been reused in The Core.
<EOS>
The movie begins.
Which a teenage filmmaker named Eric is attempting to document the faux-gangsta lifestyle enjoyed and her boyfriend Toby s gang of white upper-class teenagers living in the Pacific Palisades neighborhood.
A brawl ensues.
Ends. 
Later that night  Toby s gang goes.
Emily and Sam is further revealed.
Allison and her boyfriend have sex in the back seat of the car.
The next day  Allison meets to discuss family problems  the awkward conversation revealing the virtually non-existent relationship.
Allison has.
Afterwards  she and her friends drive downtown  intent on buying marijuana  eventually encountering Mexican drug dealer Hector and his crew.
Toby and Hector make a deal.
Toby believes.
Hector did not sell him enough.
Allison persuades Hector to leave Toby alone.
The next night  Allison and her girlfriends return.
There  she and her friends once again meet up.
Who invite them.
Hector informs Allison.
They leave.
Where his crew regularly party  and invites her to stop.
The next day  Eric continues his film project  with Allison turning his interview of her into a bizarre.
That evening  Allison meets up.
He shows her.
Talking. 
His guided tour abruptly ends.
When the police arrive.
Allison winds up being arrested  but - save for an argument with her parents and Toby - is let off the hook.
The experience only serves to increase Allison s fascination.
The night  Allison and Emily agree to head downtown the next evening to hang out with Hector s crew.
The two meet up at a motel.
A night asking Hector.
They can join his crew.
Hector informs them  to join the gang  the two must roll a die  the number they must have sex with.
They roll corresponds.
Allison rolls a one  Emily rolls a three.
Hector and Allison pair off.
Allison has second thoughts and refuses to have sex  and is thrown out of the room by the gang.
When she tries to get Emily to leave.
Emily eagerly engages with Hector.
Hector has one with her anally  against her will.
She does so.
They flee the room  leaving the two distraught women.
When Allison storms the room and screams to stop.
The next day Allison returns and confronts Hector over.
What had happened the previous night.
Hector responds.
He did nt do anything wrong  that he only did what she and Emily asked him to do.
A woman shows up at the door  surprising Allison  much to the amusement of Hector.
Who mocks Allison.
The same day  Emily is shown.
Allison is brought in  but claims to know nothing about a rape.
Hector is subsequently arrested.
Members vow to seek out and silence Allison and Emily  but wind up getting lost in.
Meanwhile  Toby and his gang are shown posing  making clear their intent on seeking revenge on Hector s crew.
Eric later shows Allison the footage.
Allison subsequently calls Toby and makes.
An ill-fated attempt to convince him that there was no rape and what he is doing is foolish.
Allison informs Emily.
What Toby plans to do  and reveals.
This initially upsets Emily.
Meanwhile  Toby and his gang arrive and bust in violently  but only succeed in frightening a group of Latino women and a baby.
Toby tries to work up the nerve to shoot them  but  consumed to not hurt the baby  realizes and storms out.
He ca nt.
The gang passes the SUV containing the members of Hector s crew.
Had been looking.
The two gangs exchange looks.
The screen subsequently fades.
The sounds of tires squealing  people shouting and gunfire are heard.
Eric concludes his film.
Teens will be teens.
It s.
Adults are willing to reach out to connect and give them even just a small amount of insight.
They suddenly know everything.
<EOS>
Herve is a teenage boy  living with his single mother in a housing estate in Rennes.
He and his best friend Camel often fantastize  but have less luck with girls in reality.
Herve unsuccessfully pursues romances  including with Laura.
Who accepts his offer.
They embark.
Aurore  a beautiful  popular girl  asks him on a date.
Herve and Aurore are slow to engage beyond kissing.
Herve and Camel are frequent masturbators  while both alone and together.
Aurore eventually breaks up.
She discovers.
He lied about having sex with her.
The film concludes  Herve is dating Sabrina  Camel is dating Jenifer  Aurore is dating Wulfran.
Herve s mother is married.
<EOS>
Maharshi  is a carefree college youth.
He is well noted.
However  things change.
When he meets Suchitra.
She is averse and does not even talk to him.
When he approaches her.
Maharshi takes a liking and tries to win her by approaching her parents and showing off his wealth.
Suchitra turns down the offer.
After her parents show interest.
Maharshi then scares and turns away the prospective bride grooms.
Who come.
Suchitra meets her childhood friend Tilak.
Who is working.
Soon.
She expresses her wish to marry him.
He tries to stop the wedding but is locked up at the insistence of his own father.
When Maharshi comes to know.
However  he assumes.
Tilak has used his power and locked him up.
He tries to attack Tilak but stops.
When he sees Suchitra open the door.
Gradually Maharshi slips and is hospitalized.
Maharshi s pure love is shown  assuming.
When his friend Ramana drugs Suchitra and brings them.
Maharshi wants a physical union.
Maharshi slaps his friend and explains.
He wants her affection and love and not her body.
They carefully take her back.
Tilak tries to help Maharshi.
Him mingle.
They suggest him to get married.
He recovers.
Maharshi turns crazy and runs away shouting.
He is hospitalized again  but manages to escape.
He snatches Suchitra s new born kid and escapes.
He dies  saving the kid  thus earning the good will of Suchitra.
He falls.
<EOS>
The film presents a snapshot before shifting its focus to strippers.
The strippers  lives are earnestly portrayed  all voiced over.
They reveal the day-to-day realities  talk bra sizes  relate their preferences in men.
Dancing topless.
The narrator talks about the women.
If they are a Sub-Genre that were highly prevalent during the same era.
The Topless movement could also be perceived.
It is called.
<EOS>
James Cole is a convicted criminal living.
The Earth s surface was contaminated by a virus so deadly.
It forced the surviving population to live underground.
Followed. 
To earn a pardon  Cole allows scientists to send him to the past to collect information on the virus  thought to be released by a terrorist organization known as the Army of the Twelve Monkeys.
He is to obtain a pure sample.
Possible. 
A cure can be made.
Cole is troubled with recurring dreams involving a chase and a shooting in an airport.
He arrives in Baltimore in 1990  not 1996 as planned.
He is arrested and hospitalized.
There  he encounters Jeffrey Goines  a fellow mental patient and anti-consumerist leanings.
Cole tries unsuccessfully to leave a voicemail.
Cole is restrained and locked in a cell  but then disappears  returning to the future.
Back  Cole is interviewed by the scientists.
Who play a distorted voice mail message which gives the location Monkeys and states that they are responsible for the virus.
He is also shown photos.
The scientists then send him back.
Cole kidnaps Railly and sets out  learning.
He is the founder.
However  Goines denies any involvement and suggests.
When confronted.
Wiping out humanity was Cole s idea  originally broached.
Cole vanishes again.
Railly begins to doubt her diagnosis.
Cole disappears.
When she finds evidence that he is telling the truth.
Cole   convinces himself.
His future experiences are hallucinations  and persuades the scientists to send him back again.
Railly attempts to settle the question by leaving a voice mail on the number the scientists played prior to his second mission.
He provided  creating the message.
They both now realize.
The coming plague is real  and make plans to enjoy the time they have left.
They learn  all the Army has done.
The Army is a red herring.
Is delay traffic.
Cole leaves a last message telling the scientists.
They are  and that he will not return.
He is soon confronted from his own time.
Who gives Cole a handgun and instructions to complete his mission.
Railly spots the true culprit behind the virus  Dr Peters  an assistant at the virology lab run by Jeffrey s father.
Peters is about to embark around the world.
Matches the sequence.
Cole is fatally shot by police.
She makes eye contact  the young James Cole witnessing the scene of his own death.
Cole dies.
Will replay to come.
Dr Peters  aboard the plane  sits down next to Jones  one of the lead scientists from the future.
<EOS>
Three women ridiculed glide to take revenge themselves with the intention to demonstrate to them.
They are quite different.
Gerardo Romano Hector Alterio Sandra Ballesteros Michelle Duquet Rodolfo Ranni Ruben Stella Cora Sanchez Claudia Nicola Ernesto Larrese.
<EOS>
John Wayne portrays a college football coach.
Who has been fired for violating rules relating to players  eligibility.
Wayne s character is a divorced father.
Charles Coburn plays the dean.
Who hires Wayne to make the college s football team competitive so that receipts will supply funds for the college.
Donna Reed plays a social worker.
Who in investigating complaints.
James Dean appears  during a scene in the college chapel.
<EOS>
Hae-won is a middle-rank officer working.
A severe  tense single woman  she is being brought down she finds herself in.
Desperate  she takes up an offer and takes off for a private vacation in Mudo  a desolate Southern island.
Which she had spent childhood.
Arriving  she is warmly welcomed by.
Whom she had a close friendship when both were but whose constant letters she s since ignored.
Life is hard.
Bok-nam is treated by her abusive husband Man-jong  his brother and the local old women.
All is reserved for her young daughter.
Whom she tries to escape.
But  the woman finally snaps  unleashing all her demons.
When that results.
Bok-nam takes a sickle.
<EOS>
The film involves a series.
Converge up.
M. 
The connections are not apparent at first  but are gradually revealed by a series of progressively receding flashbacks  Jack   is seen driving along a road at night talking on his cell phone.
Who has been drinking.
The clock reads 1114 p.
M. 
Suddenly   something smashes  causing him to skid off the road.
He drives.
He stops crossing sign and gets out to inspect the damage  and finds a human body with a badly mutilated face lying close to his car.
He panics and drags the body out.
When he sees another car approaching.
The car pulls up next.
The driver  Norma  assumes.
He hit a deer.
She offers to call the police  insisting.
It is no trouble because she has a new cell phone that she never uses and because she is friends.
Norma offers Jack a ride.
He declines.
Jack decides to hide the body.
When she drives off.
He gets back.
A police officer pulls up.
Officer Hannagan speaks and  noting his odd behavior  asks him.
He would submit.
Jack requests a sobriety test instead.
Hannagan administers  getting him to count back to A.
He finds.
When the officer checks.
Jack s license has been revoked.
Hannagan tells Jack.
He is and that his car will be impounded.
Hannagan handcuffs Jack tie and tells the two people already in the back of the cruiser  Duffy and Buzzy  to move over.
When he finds the body.
That Jack will fit.
Jack is able to pull clippers out  cut the cable tie  and escape.
Hannagan argues.
Hannagan pursues  leaving the cruiser door open.
Duffy and Buzzy also escape.
Jack runs  causing the owner  Norma  to come out.
She is obviously upset and is looking.
She just received a phone call that their daughter  Cheri  was killed.
Hannagan catches up at this point.
Norma angrily strikes Jack  assuming.
He is responsible.
He flees again.
Where he trips.
Teenagers Tim  Mark and Eddie are driving  including a book.
They have set.
Mark  distracted urinating out the van s window  runs into and kills Cheri.
Who was crossing the road while.
They stop  but flee the scene.
When Duffy comes.
Tim realizes.
Duffy fires.
The accident also caused the van s window  cutting off Eddie s penis.
Tim insists.
Mark stop.
Tim goes back to find the penis.
Tim is accosted at the scene  but manages to escape and get the severed penis back to Eddie.
Frank is walking his dog late and discovers his daughter s car keys next to the dead body of Aaron in the cemetery.
Thinking  Frank packs the body  accidentally locking the keys in with the body.
His daughter is responsible.
He breaks a window to get.
He has to hide.
Passes  but then disposes of the body by dropping it over the side of the bridge  where it lands on Jack s car.
His dog runs off.
He chases the dog  eventually catching it.
He sees the burning book.
The teenagers threw  and uses it to set his jacket on fire.
His wife  Norma  sees him and gives him a ride home.
Where she sends him out to look that Jack supposedly hit.
Buzzy is working.
Her friend and co-worker Duffy arrives.
They begin discussing Cheri s pregnancy and money needed.
Mark and Eddie arrive.
The store is closed.
Duffy lets them come in.
They are there to buy items to throw out the van windows.
Duffy tells Buzzy his plan to steal the $ 500 required to pay for the abortion.
They leave.
Cheri arrives.
She and Duffy go.
Meanwhile Buzzy is playing around.
She accidentally shoots a bullet  barely missing Duffy and Cheri.
Cheri leaves.
Duffy asks Buzzy to allow him to steal the money.
Buzzy objects  fearful  but relents  while insisting to make it look like an authentic robbery.
Duffy shoot her.
He shoots her and then dials 9-1-1 for her  leaving.
She is.
Duffy looks  barely escaping the police.
Who are arriving more quickly than he thought they would.
He passes.
Driving away.
Where Frank has parked it preparing to dispose.
Duffy then sees he got the money.
Cheri parked and tells her.
He witnesses the teenagers  van knocking down and killing Cheri.
When she gets out.
He shoots.
He is then arrested for shooting at the van and for the store robbery  based on the description someone phoned in.
Buzzy is arrested.
When she refuses to identify Duffy and admits.
Cheri leaves her house to have sex at the cemetery.
Aaron is reclining.
Has a stone angel.
The angel s neck is damaged.
The heavy stone head falls  killing him instantly and mutilating his face.
Cheri runs away  not realizing.
She has dropped the set that Frank found in the earlier scene.
Cheri borrows her father s car and goes to get Duffy s bowling ball  intending to replace the angel head with the bowling ball and implicate Duffy as killing Aaron.
She sees the shooting and reports a description to the police.
She drives away.
She drops the bowling ball.
When Cheri arrives back.
When she sees that Aaron s body is gone.
She tries to leave.
Her car is again having trouble starting.
Her cell phone rings.
She begins talking.
This is the phone conversation.
The movie begins  continued to inform the viewer that Cheri s pregnancy is actually a scam to get money from both Duffy and Aaron  so that Cheri and Jack can leave town together with the money.
Duffy calls out Cheri s name from across the street to tell her.
He got the $ 500 she wanted him to get.
Cheri hangs up quickly.
Crossing the street  the cell phone rings again  and  distracted  she stops.
Where she is hit.
The camera pans.
Reads 1114 p.
M. 
<EOS>
He decides to team up to commit one last heist.
When Sanju  a suave  master safe cracker wants to retire.
A bank robbery.
Will ensure that he never has to worry again.
35 crores.
Two months later the associates return to collect their share.
Sanju refuses to even recognize them.
<EOS>
Mikey and his stepmother Rose are lovers and contract killers.
Rose is diagnosed.
She and Mikey continue.
Mafia kingpin Clayton learns.
His pregnant wife Vicki may have had sex.
So   Clayton hires Mikey and Rose to kill Vicki and several of his mob associates.
Who he sees.
He must leave town.
First  Rose quietly shoots and kills one by hiding in the backseat of his car.
When he is sent.
Rose and Mikey head.
Mikey shoots and kills all of the guards.
Rose heads.
All the while  Vicki is  and is unaware of her bodyguards being killed.
Rose enters Vicki s bedroom  but  Vicki s water breaks.
As Rose is about to carry out the contract.
She goes.
Rose helps Vicki deliver her baby.
Turns out to be a boy.
Afterwards  Mikey and Rose drive Vicki and her infant son.
Mikey calls Dr Don.
Who arrives.
But Dr Don is also the private doctor.
He is hesitant but decides to help.
When he recognizes Vicki.
Now Dr Don and Precious must keep Vicki and her infant son s existence a secret.
Rose switches insists.
They take Vicki and her infant son.
The four end up.
Where Mikey continues to struggle.
Neisha arrives.
Where Vicki is.
Clayton heads out.
Vicki left him.
Clayton s bodyguard shows up in for a drink.
Neisha refuses   she leaves.
Realizes that Clayton must have had Vicki killed  and  fearing.
Clayton becomes nervous.
Neisha knows too much and may inform the police.
Mikey gets his next contract kill.
It turns out to be Neisha.
Mikey carries out the contract.
She dies.
Mikey sees a picture of Neisha and Vicki taken together.
Mikey displays a tiny bit  but never tells Vicki about Neisha.
Mikey and Rose move Vicki and her son.
Rose continues helping Vicki.
Mikey carries on.
Clayton appears.
Which he is engaged when distracted by voices in the next room.
The nude Clayton opens the door and shoots an unnamed women and her associate.
Who are owed money.
He even shoots his bodyguard.
He calls Dr Don to examine his bodyguard s foot.
Don nervously wonders if Clayton already knows.
Rose decides.
She would rather die than suffer from her cancer.
She has Mikey take her  convinces him to have sex with her  and shoot her.
She reaches orgasm.
Rose makes.
She dies.
Mikey promise to take care  and do whatever Vicki asks of him.
Mikey  Vicki and the child  Anthony  live safely.
The boy reaches.
Precious hears a woman moaning.
Searching. 
She heads.
Where she finds Dr Don giving oral sex he was examining.
Betrayed  Precious tells Don and leaves his office.
He is going to be sorry.
Meanwhile  Anthony witnesses Mikey assembling a gun kill.
Vicki catches Anthony eavesdropping and pulls him away from Mikey s bedroom before closing the door.
She later confronts Mikey and tells him and Anthony anymore and asks him to leave.
He does nt have to protect her.
Mikey goes out  dressed as a transvestite  and kills a man.
Mikey notices a birthday card  causing Mikey to be consumed.
He carries out the contract.
The man had made.
Mikey realizes he wants to stay.
He has grown attached and  after confessing his murders to Vicki  tells her.
Clayton finds out.
His wife and child are alive.
Clayton then shoots and kills Precious right and shoots Don in the leg.
Mikey  deciding  determines.
He no longer wants to kill.
His next contract kill will be his final one.
He opens the file  only to find a picture of himself and Vicki leaving their house.
When Mikey checks.
Mikey then calls Vicki to find out.
She and Anthony are okay.
Clayton s bodyguard instead answers the phone  causing Mikey to rush home and right.
Mikey fights back and defeats Clayton s goons.
Clayton overpowers Mikey and is about to kill him.
When he is shot.
Mikey tells Vicki and Anthony to wait outside.
Mikey kills all.
Mikey then looks  asks him  and shoots him.
He was proud.
Mikey  Vicki  and Anthony drive off down the road.
Anthony ask Mikey  Mikey replies.
He is his son.
He is.
Mikey also cautions Anthony to watch out  the boy responds  We ll kill em.
<EOS>
Kuraudo Sekin is a corrupt politician.
Who fights juvenile crime.
However   Yui Kazama quits the bureau and refuses to undertake undercover missions.
When Sekin s ways become too harsh.
It is soon discovered.
Sekin s actual goal is to overthrow the Japanese government.
The Kazama sisters have to stop him.
<EOS>
American scientists Dr Quent Brady and Dan Morgan are put in charge of a program.
Sends various animals and insects to test their survival rates.
A computer calculates.
The rocket is likely to land somewhere off the coast.
Some time later   Dr Lorentz and his daughter Lorna perform an autopsy on a native and determine.
He died.
Arobi  Lorentz  African assistant  then informs him.
A monster is believed to be terrorizing people and animals.
Several months later  Brady reads a newspaper account.
The wasps were exposed to huge amounts of cosmic radiation because an earlier  minimal overexposure had resulted in the birth of a spider crab twice the size of its mother.
Brady and Morgan request a leave to investigate.
The territorial agent makes plans for them to travel to meet Dr Lorentz.
Mahri  an Arab  leads Brady and Morgan to Lorentz  hospital.
The safari is ready.
The safari battles brush fires  fever  drought and storms  eventually reaching the Lorentz compound.
Where Lorna informs them that her father has not returned to Green Hell.
Later  Arobi arrives and gives Brady a giant stinger.
Lorentz has been killed.
He removed.
He confirms.
Brady analyzes the stinger.
It belongs.
She insists.
Brady advises Lorna to stay.
They  too  run off.
When the native bearers learn  they desert  and although Lorna is able to shame several local villagers into helping.
When the group comes.
He states.
Brady expresses his concern that the insects may be multiplying rapidly and could eventually overrun all.
They must destroy the queen and her immediate colony.
Brady then explains.
He has brought small  grenade-like bombs  filled  to use against the monsters.
They hear a very loud  buzzing sound.
They move closer.
He finds the queen and several gigantic wasps.
When Brady looks down.
The four men toss grenades.
The explosions only serve to anger the wasps.
Lorna and the men are pursued  but hide in a cave.
It can not enter.
The group escapes.
The volcano erupts  spewing massive lava flows.
As they emerge.
Destroy all the wasps.
Morgan then notes.
Nature has a way.
<EOS>
Nazi agent Baron von Rommler captures and impersonates Sultan Abou Ben Ali  leader of all the Arabs.
Opposed is Secret Service Agent Rex Bennett  along with British reporter Janet Blake and Chief of Police Captain Pierre LaSalle.
<EOS>
Russell Wong starred.
Who escaped after being involved in a student demonstration against the government.
He and his brother Wago escaped  he pursued his music.
Wago became drawn.
Wago and two US Federal Agents are killed  Jian-Wa is held responsible.
A Vietnamese mafioso known is behind the murders.
Jian-Wa becomes a fugitive  using his wisdom  music  and martial arts skills to solve problems  on his quest to bring The General to justice.
He is aided.
He helps others.
Jian-Wa is constantly on the run from ruthless Federal Agent Dan Sandler  the direct superior to the agents killed in the two-hour films.
Agent Judith Phillips was a member.
Who was convinced that Jian-Wa was innocent.
She gradually became his ally.
This put her with Sandler.
The series was canceled.
<EOS>
Tulasi is a village girl.
One day she gets a letter.
She gets excited.
They were close friends.
Mohan left to city.
Subramani visits the village about folk songs.
Tulasi is.
She is confused.
Whether Subramani also loves her.
Tulasi s father passes away due.
He refuses.
When Subramani s mother arranges a marriage with Tulsi.
Her mother died in frustration.
Then Tulasi comes.
Later a flashback comes.
Which Subramani is.
He has not seen her face.
Banu used to come with veil.
When they plan to meet.
She steps.
Finally Subramani is the story.
Whether Tulasi marries her beloved cousin.
<EOS>
Ruben is a lone and unbalanced young man.
Who lost his sight.
Marie is an albino woman.
She has a beautiful voice and along a mutual love for books and tales.
Ruben s mother hires her.
Sparks love  but will love still be blind.
They live.
The man recovers.
<EOS>
Amber is attacked and murdered.
At home alone.
However  the murder is passed off by Officer Bates.
A group  including Archie  Kenny  Ashleigh  Ricky  Jasmine  Samantha  James and Cain  and  decide to make a suicide pact and kill themselves at Ashleigh s upcoming party.
Have been contemplating suicide.
Hearing. 
However  later that night  she is stabbed by a masked killer.
Samantha is making a suicide diary.
Meanwhile   Kenny breaks in to set up cameras around her house  so the group s suicide can be recorded.
Ashleigh leaves her house.
Davey can exclusively release the footage.
Meanwhile  Archie and Jasmine start a romance.
Leads to Archie suggesting he and Jasmine remove themselves.
This repels Jasmine.
Bates and his partner Mason discover Samantha s death scene.
The following day  the group is shocked.
Jasmine is attacked by the killer  but manages to phone the police and lock herself in a room.
Archie finds Jasmine.
She is taken.
He is questioned.
Ashleigh  Ricky  James and Cain meet up and contemplate.
Who could have attacked Jasmine  and soon have doubts.
Meanwhile  Kenny   decides.
Who is now being filmed.
He will shoot everyone so his death will be more famous.
The following day   Curtis.
Walking down the road  James encounters a bully.
The rest defends him.
The group then meets and tells him  angering Kenny.
They are not going to do the suicide pact.
Mr Hudson  a teacher  makes a phone call to an unknown receiver  telling them.
He is out.
Mr Hudson finds his wife dead.
He too is murdered.
Suspicion falls.
The group try to figure out who the murderer is.
Ricky  believing  has his throat slashed by the killer.
Making his way.
He hears Amber s voice.
Bates and Mason patrol the grounds.
Everyone is having fun.
Curtis and his date go.
Where both are stabbed.
Outside  Kenny and Davey arrive.
Bates and Mason apprehend Kenny.
He can enter the house.
The party begins to wind down.
James is stabbed.
Ashleigh is chased after she fails to get the attention of the.
The killer cuts the electricity off  sending the rest.
She is stabbed.
Ashleigh tries once more to gain their attention.
Archie and Jasmine   return.
Who have been spending time alone together.
They are stalked in the darkness and discover Cain s and Davey s bodies  and are eventually split up.
Moments later Jasmine emerges.
Bates arrives.
Bates enters the house and finds Archie dead.
Outside  Jasmine reaches the police car and finds both Mason and Kenny murdered   revealing himself to be the killer.
Bates attacks her.
Archie reveals himself to be alive.
He is about to kill Jasmine.
Together  Archie and Jasmine overpower Bates and shoot him.
Bates narrates.
Jasmine tends.
The line Demons Never Die.
<EOS>
The plot follows four young people.
They navigate  in search of love and adventure on the last weekend of summer vacation.
<EOS>
Ed Branish  a snooty English teacher  flaunts his air over all  including his supportive wife  by frequently spouting platitudes from literary masters to validate his often contemptuous viewpoint.
Who finds his situation.
His habit finally gets the better of him.
When his light schedule makes him the only staff member available to supervise the newly formed wrestling team.
Cornered  he lashes out.
Senior missed a lot lately.
Who s embarrassed and who s also.
No one realizes.
Nick s been filling in when his dad s too drunk or hung over to show up -LRB- which is all too often  and which also keeps Nick busy at night fishing his embittered father out of bars - to be carried home.
Nick hopes but instead gets a.
He can make up the missed school work.
He should be held back.
Nick calls Ed an egotistical snob telling him.
He is more interested.
Fortunately   both will cross paths again and discover they each have much more to them than.
What they were previously aware.
<EOS>
A strange man owns a self-storage facility and lives.
Reality comes crashing down.
<EOS>
Three young men  Dick Gates  Roger Ash and Truck Cross  decide to become roommates.
Each is accepted.
Dick is tricked.
Roger gets even.
Truck becomes attracted.
He also faces expulsion.
Is revealed when Truck tries to clear the sullied reputation.
Roger also runs.
When he is found drunk.
The school s former football coach covers.
Truck  a gifted football player  is cleared to race to the stadium and help win the Army-Navy game for his side.
<EOS>
Nicole Oakley  the spoiled  rich  out-of-control daughter  meets a working class Mexican-American straight-A student  Carlos Nunez  resulting in a clash of cultures  values  and a love affair.
Nicole is troubled.
Her mother committed suicide when she was very young.
She feels unwanted.
Who is now married.
Carlos   is from a poor background and working hard towards becoming a Navy pilot.
They meet and discover they attend the same high school.
Nicole is.
They later fall.
Carlos spends.
He stops performing well.
Carlos is applying.
S.
Naval Academy and Nicole s father suggests Carlos talk about gaining his Congressional sponsorship to the Academy.
Nicole s father tells Carlos.
He needs to break up if he does not want her to destroy his life.
Carlos does break up.
Leads Nicole.
One night  Carlos really misses her.
He finds out.
When he calls her.
She is getting drunk.
He crashes it and saves a drunken Nicole.
Carlos drives her home.
They get stopped.
Nicole s father and stepmother decide  Carlos rescues her and they run away together.
She needs to go far away from home.
Nicole realizes  so she decides to sober up.
They are away.
She is really messing up Carlos s life.
They go back home.
She makes up.
Her father thanks Carlos.
We see.
Carlos has become a pilot.
<EOS>
An American reporter and doctor comes to document the P.
O.
W.
Conditions. 
The Soviet prisoners rise up and take over the base.
Being there.
<EOS>
Wealthy banker and shipowner William Marlowe and his wife Martha have their hearts set.
However  Mary has other ideas.
She has fallen with John Carlton  one of her father s clerks.
He fires John.
When Mr Marlowe finds out.
John decides to go west to make his fortune  then return.
She insists.
They elope.
The couple settle and after a while  have a herd of cattle and a baby boy.
Notorious outlaw Jake Houser and his gang show up and rustle the herd.
John and hired hand Sunshine are away getting supplies.
John rounds up the other ranchers.
They catch and hang three  including Jake s brother.
Jake gets away.
Vowing revenge  the outlaw and his men attack the Carlton home.
Fortunately  help arrives.
The rustlers are wiped out.
The baby succumbs during the gunfight.
Years pass.
The Carltons prosper greatly.
Four more children are born.
John runs.
They host a party before the election at their mansion.
Lolita Martinez  John s lover  scandalizes everyone.
She insists.
Mary free John to marry her.
Mary agrees.
John spurns his mistress and begs his wife s forgiveness  she gives it.
He tell her.
Lolita makes public their affair.
John still wins the election.
Later  he becomes a senator  serving.
C.
This puzzles the couple s grown children  Mary explains.
They want time  to enjoy secrets they can share with no one else.
The couple sneak away.
When their offspring still oppose their decision.
<EOS>
Victor is a teenager growing up.
He is a cocky young man  very sure in his love life.
He lives Nino  and looks up to his girl-crazy brother highly.
Who is just coming.
Victor is found in the bedroom of Fat Donna  a girl.
Many consider overweight.
Word quickly spreads amongst his friends.
Victor continuously denies it happened.
He sets his sights.
This is a huge threat.
Judy is a good-looking young woman.
Who is continuously.
She lies  telling him.
When Victor comes.
She has a boyfriend.
He enlists the help  on the condition.
When Victor finds out this is nt true.
Victor introduce him.
Judy ultimately says yes  believing.
He will serve.
Carlos has a crush on Victor s sister  Vicki.
We also see Judy s friend Melonie and her romantic dealings.
Their romance ultimately results together.
Melonie reveals to Harold the real reasons.
Judy agreed to go out.
Harold tells Victor.
Who goes to confront Judy.
She believes.
When Victor invites her over.
He s doing so to impress his family and better his reputation.
Ultimately  they decide to stay together.
He invited her to see his family to see who he really is.
<EOS>
Susie Parkington  an elderly society matron  is surrounded at her stately home at Christmastime  with the exception of her beloved great-granddaughter Jane.
Appear. 
When Jane does.
She informs her great-grandmother that she plans to elope.
Susie arranges a meeting.
He planned to take Jane away.
Order to hide her.
Susie sends Ned away  telling Jane to forget.
Her grandson-in-law s side of the story makes the decision to pay off Amory s debts  much to her family s disgust.
It will mean that they will lose their inheritance.
Susie begins to have flashbacks of her own humble beginnings  she was a chambermaid at her mother s modest guesthouse.
It was there.
She met the wealthy Major Augustus Parkington.
They marry.
Is introduced to Baroness Aspasia Conti  a French aristocrat and close friend of Augustus.
Who helps Susie pick out clothes  accessories and even a house.
Susie  originally grateful  soon grows tired of her interference in her marriage and announces.
She is pregnant.
An elated Augustus holds a ball to celebrate.
His happiness turns.
When a great number refuse to attend due to Augustus  feud with a wealthy businessman.
His rage upsets Susie.
She stumbles and miscarries their baby.
When she runs.
Augustus blames his neighbours for Susie s miscarriage and vows to get revenge.
Four years pass.
It transpires.
Augustus has managed to put many on Wall Street.
Susie leaves her husband and moves in.
One fills Susie in on her husband s deeds and pleads with her to speak to Augustus about putting her husband out of business.
Several weeks pass.
Augustus begs his wife  revealing that he has been unsuccessful in his mission to put the Livingstones out of business.
Susie then informs him.
She has been financially supporting the Livingstones  business and that his vendetta has got to stop.
Augustus agrees.
The couple reunite.
Their marriage faces further troubles  however.
When the Parkingtons  son Herbert dies.
Susie becomes a recluse.
Augustus takes in England.
Aspasia manages to convince Susie to fight.
She does.
Reveals. 
She will be leaving the Parkingtons and moving back as she is dying.
She also reveals.
She has always been with Augustus  to which Susie shocks her by revealing she knows.
Augustus and Susie have a heart-to-heart discussion about their family.
Which Augustus reveals that  their children will lack for nothing as long as they know the value of money.
It is.
Susie realises her misgivings.
He will be sent.
Seeing  Susie makes the decision to bail Amory out anyway and tells Jane to follow her heart and go.
Distraught Jane is  having lost both her father and her lover.
Her family flee the home after learning  and start again.
They will be cut off.
Susie gleefully decides she will return at the guest house.
<EOS>
Socialite Valentine Winters is a child and has not seen her sophisticate mother  Diane  in years.
She travels.
Where her mother is living.
Valentine meets fun-loving Tony.
They are rescued by football-playing Harvardian Bob.
When Valentine and Tony are involved.
Bob and Valentine fall.
Everything goes wrong.
When he invites his parents to meet her.
They do not approve.
Not wanting to lose Bob  Valentine has a heart-to-heart talk.
The two achieve a new closeness and understanding.
Eventually  Bob and Valentine are reunited.
<EOS>
A man gets out and stabs his wife on the portico of a house.
She gives her baby and urges her.
She dies.
He must be kept safe  knowing that his father will try to kill him.
The case is followed.
Kowalski later finds out the killer and is.
Is but is somehow leaving his body in spirit.
Gives him a need to kill his baby to be King.
Kowalski later visits a specialist seeking advice.
To confront the Ancient Egyptian spirit and curse.
Carol  a friend  spots the white van following her in her pickup truck and becomes suspicious.
She informs her love interest Bobby.
He dismisses them and punctures the tire.
Is parked nearby.
Heather takes the baby.
Where she takes care with Carol.
She has a dream.
Which she predicts the murder and becomes extremely anxious.
Detective Kowalski meanwhile has his car hijacked by the killer spirit and blown to smithereens.
The killer learns to Carol  kills another of her friends and an old vagrant.
Who lives at the house.
He then murders Samantha  another in the jacuzzi.
Carol runs outside with a shotgun and shoots at the white van.
The killer is not present.
Then   Carol remarks.
She thinks the killer is trying to kill the baby.
Carol orders Bobby to go upstairs and to protect Heather and the baby and vows to kill the bastard.
Bobby discovers.
Heather is missing.
The baby is alone and then departs and finds the detective.
The killer breaks in and is set on fire by Carol  prompting the spirit to leave the burning body and manifest himself again.
The killer is then seen leaving the house and is confronted by Carol with a shot gun and orders.
Him to give up the baby.
Carol shoots him several times.
When he refuses and lays the baby down to perform a ritual.
Bobby and the detective arrive.
The detective urges her to pierce the killer.
It explodes and is followed.
Where the spirit had been.
Bobby presents the baby to Heather.
Who remarks Is nt he beautiful.
Appear as the credits roll.
She looks away supernatural green lights.
<EOS>
Mike Harvey and Betty Cameron are college sweethearts.
They are so anxious to consummate their relationship  get married and move.
Mike suggests that the two quit college.
Where a friend has offered him a job.
Both Mike s mentor  Professor Matthews  and Betty talk him out.
Mike goes to the local diner.
Dora is an underage waitress.
Who has had a crush and suggests that he walk her home after her late shift.
Arriving  she invites him in.
Offers Mike some.
She lets him know that her father is working the night shift.
Turn. 
The drunken couple begin kissing and end.
They wake up the next morning.
Dora is asking Mike if he s sorry.
Dora s father comes in.
He sees the rumpled condition  hears Dora s words and immediately has Mike arrested for corrupting the morals of a minor.
Matthews bails Mike out.
Mr Swales presents Mike  marry Dora or have charges brought against him.
When they meet in the District Attorney s office.
Dora s father insists.
Mike marry his daughter.
Mike finally acquiesces.
The plan is made to get married that night and leave immediately for California.
Mike goes to see Betty and wants to leave school right away to get married.
Who has changed her mind.
Mike tells her.
He has to marry someone and why  she becomes distraught and and suggests they run away and get married right away.
He tells her and leaves.
He has to do the right thing.
Betty is visibly upset and later Duke Galloway  a classmate s offers to take her for a ride to help cheer her up.
Mike arrives.
He father lets.
Him know that the preacher is.
Dora comes downstairs.
She can leave right away.
Professor Matthews is standing up.
Professor Matthews is summoned.
The preacher can arrive.
He takes Mike with Dora and her father following behind.
They find out.
When the arrive.
Duke has had a bad car accident.
Betty is badly injured.
Duke dies at the hospital.
Dora sees Mike and Betty and tells her father.
She refuses to marry Mike because she can see how much he and Betty love each other.
The last scene shows a now married Mike and Betty.
<EOS>
The film is based on May.
It occurred.
When President Chun Doo-hwan tried to eliminate any rebels.
Min Woo leads a relatively peaceful life -- until the day the soldiers go on the rampage against the citizens.
The citizens form a militia determined to protect their loved ones.
Min-woo finds himself.
<EOS>
Abraham Rodriguez  known to his sons Luis and Junior  supports them by working three jobs  leaving him little time to supervise them.
He hopes to earn enough to marry his girlfriend Lupe and move the family.
Then reality crashes in.
The boys see gangs do violence and are even victimized when their clothes are stolen from them.
Realizing  he plots to set them adrift.
His boys have a better chance.
They will be mistaken from Cuba and offered asylum.
How to row a boat and how to handle a motorboat on the East River.
Popi steals a boat and tells the boys to take it out  then remove the outboard motor and begin to row back to shore.
They run out.
He fears.
When he is unable to alert the Coast Guard.
They are lost until he hears a report.
Luis and Junior  suffering  are hospitalized  and soon find themselves indundated with flowers and toys from thousands of.
Of whom offer to adopt them.
Wearing a disguise  Popi sneaks and tries to convince them.
They are better off being raised.
The three begin to argue.
Loudly  alerting the staff and prompting Popi to flee  followed.
Much is exposed.
They happily return.
<EOS>
Luke McNamara is a student.
He attends Yale along.
Luke s friendships hit the rocks.
When he is invited to join a secret society known.
He has a falling out.
Luke passes the first part.
When she realizes that he has become a Skull.
Luke is partnered with Caleb Mandrake.
The two quickly strike up a friendship.
Caleb s father  Litten Mandrake  is the current Chairman  takes an interest in Luke.
Eventually Will   discovers their secret ritual room.
Who has been conducting research.
Will gets caught by Caleb and in the ensuing struggle.
He falls and is knocked unconscious.
Caleb is ordered to leave the room.
Who gets one.
The Skulls manage to move the body and make it look in his dorm room.
Luke is greatly troubled.
Will s family is the only family he had  and becomes suspicious.
Will was.
He initially thinks.
Caleb is guilty.
Caleb thinks.
He himself is guilty since he assumed that Will was dead when he left the room.
Luke obtains tapes.
Prove who actually committed the murder.
Luke realizes.
Scared Caleb is.
The tape is switched.
Luke can show the evidence.
Luke is confined under the control of the Skulls.
Luke manages to escape the hospital and survive an attempt on his life.
Luke decides.
His only option is to fight the Skulls  and bring war to them.
He challenges Caleb  by invoking rule.
Litten tries to take his son s place but is denied the opportunity due to another Skull rule.
Luke drops his gun and tries.
Luke and Caleb take their ten paces and turn around.
To convince Caleb and that he is not responsible for Will s murder.
Caleb can not bring himself to pull the trigger.
Litten loses control  grabs a pistol  and attempts to shoot Luke himself.
Caleb shoots his own father.
He can fire.
The wound is not a mortal one.
Caleb  mortified tries to kill himself but is stopped by Luke.
What he has done.
The film ends.
Senator Levritt waited to help him until he had no other choice and eliminate his rival.
Luke becomes disgusted and refuses to participate further  despite threats from Levritt.
He will be tracked down someday.
Levritt says  Well done  son.
Luke walks away.
It has been speculated.
This   that Levritt may be Luke s father.
The final shot shows Luke reuniting with Chloe.
<EOS>
It depicts the love story.
The tagline was A love story  of hate.
It was nominated More by Quincy Jones and Bradford Craig.
<EOS>
Jamuna lives a poor lifestyle with her widowed.
She is.
She is sold to her maternal uncle  Mukand Bihari.
Who   sells her to a brothel madame  Telanbai  where Jamuna is confined and forced to dance and sing against her will.
She does manage to escape one day  and comes  and takes them to Bandra  Bombay  to their cancer-ridden father  Jagdish Sharma.
Jagdish and Jamuna are attracted.
Both believe to be each other s spouses.
Though no formal marriage is performed.
Jamuna continues to look  and endures many difficulties raising them.
After Jagdish passes away.
Years later  the twins have grown up   Debu is a doctor.
Raju is employed.
Raju has fallen with his boss  daughter  Shikha.
Debu is.
Jamuna meets both girls and approves.
Then her past comes to pay her a nasty visit.
When she comes face to face.
Who is Kiran s mother.
Struggling to hold her own  Jamuna must now also come to terms with other life-changing decisions - including death and subsequent deception - decisions.
She may end regretting.
<EOS>
Ko Chow is an undercover cop.
Who is.
His boss  Inspector Lau  wants him to infiltrate a gang  he must obtain some handguns  his girlfriend wants him to commit to marriage or she will leave Hong Kong with another lover.
Order to do this.
He is being pursued.
Who are unaware that he is a colleague.
Chow would rather quit the force.
What is more.
He feels guilty.
Who have become his friends.
If they do happen to be killers  drug dealers  loan sharks and protection racketeers.
I betray my friends.
To add  he begins to bond with Fu  a member of the gang.
<EOS>
Matthew Barnes is a young executive.
Who finds himself a pawn when he s sent to London to oversee a merger.
He s to replace John Gissing  Gissing s gotten wind.
He makes sure.
Matthew and his wife Linda  who has dutifully but reluctantly come  have a miserable first few days there.
Matthew figures out  it may be too late to save himself from a transfer to Detroit.
What s happening and declares a counter offensive.
Matthew must reevaluate.
All.
<EOS>
Ray Watson  a Vietnam War veteran now working as a state senator  returns to Vietnam once again.
He gets an unexpected visit.
When he arrives.
Who claims to be one from Echo Company.
Ray does nt remember him  so he starts to remind him.
They served together.
Meanwhile  Sara Reid in Washington  DC  along with a few government agents  are in the hotel opposite secretly listening in to the conversation between the two veterans.
They are assigned to search.
<EOS>
A lecherous priest lives.
Jealous  Yoshiko plots murderous revenge.
<EOS>
Dr Rand  leading and expedition  is shipwrecked.
May be the ancestral home.
The only survivors are Dr Rand s son and his servant Mokuyi.
Years later  a message is found.
An expedition sets out to find the island again.
Part  led by smuggler Solerno  mutinies.
When they reach the island  abandoning Dr Munro and his expedition.
Fortunately  Dr Munro and company are rescued.
Who has been raised by Mokuyi.
<EOS>
This is the story.
Who suffers a domestic accident and loses a tooth.
Santiago  her father  an unemployed chef and Pilar  her mother  a successful architect to spare  ease her with the illusion  take her tooth and replace it with some money.
Raton Perez will stop that night.
Is  A little mouse spying.
What they do nt know.
The alert sign is already being spread.
The situation warns another mouse who then warns another who warns another who finally warns  Raton Perez.
These own - an old friend of Perez.
Are taken to a jewelry store.
Trades them paying the teeth s weight.
Wo nt be tonight.
What should have been a routine job.
The most heartless and ambitious thugs decide to kidnap Perez and take control.
This would be the end.
Not measuring.
The consequences will try to rescue Perez unleashing a fascinating adventure that will prove that you do nt have to be a kid to believe.
The story was based partially  a character in Spanish folklore similar to the Tooth fairy.
<EOS>
The sole survivors   strike out for the next town.
Who see ghosts.
The four draw the attention of Chaco  a bandit gunman.
Chaco is cautiously accepted into the travelling party.
Then he poisons the group and leaves them to die.
The survivors then find a mining town.
Where Bunny goes.
Stubby seeks his revenge against Chaco.
<EOS>
The story is.
He faces many problems and happily gets out.
<EOS>
The radio telescope  New South Wales  Australia  was used by NASA throughout the Apollo program to receive signals in the Southern Hemisphere  along with the NASA Honeysuckle Creek Tracking Station near Canberra.
The film tells a somewhat fictionalised story.
It had been decided quite late to include a television camera to broadcast the first steps on the Moon.
Australia would be the prime receiving station.
The film tells.
Could cause the whole telescope.
Parkes thinks.
The 11 crew decide to walk immediately.
They have lost their chance to be the prime receiving station.
However  they achieve the distinction at the last minute.
<EOS>
Tomek is a nineteen-year-old orphan  living and working at the local post office.
He has been observing an attractive woman and fallen in love with her.
He sends false notices to her  calling her to pick up money.
Does not exist  just to see her.
He spies on her through a telescope.
She lives opposite his  and calls her frequently.
Magda sees many men.
Tomek manages to ruin her dates.
Tomek wants to see Magda  so he takes an extra job delivering milk.
Magda goes to collect a new note.
Tomek sent her and is accused.
Magda storms out  Tomek follows her and confesses to his peeping.
She initially does not believe him.
She becomes angry.
When he says that she was weeping last night.
It was true.
That night Magda spots Tomek peeping again and makes signs.
He should call her.
He does so.
She tells him to watch closely.
She receives her current lover and   she stops and tells him.
As they are about to begin having sex.
He becomes angry  goes and demands to speak with him  Tomek comes out and is beaten up by Magda s boyfriend.
The next day Magda opens the door  he declares his love.
Tomek is delivering milk.
What he wants.
She engages in a little game   he shall go to her apartment  if not  he shall go home.
They reach the bus home before it leaves.
Back  she takes his hands and places them on her almost naked body.
He is very excited and ejaculates.
He can even touch anything other.
She says  there are towels in the bathroom.
This is love and that s all there is.
He wants to clean up.
Tomek is shattered and storms out.
Magda then feels bad and puts a sign saying  Sorry  please come back.
He does not and tries to commit suicide.
He is taken.
Magda does not see him and becomes worried.
She recognizes.
It is now she who is obsessed and tries to do everything to see him  talk to him  and explain everything.
Some time later  Tomek is back and working again at the post office.
Magda comes to see him there.
Tomek says.
I am no longer spying.
<EOS>
The film tells a funny story.
Karen is the smart and fashionable one.
She works  and later catches her boyfriend  Artie  in bed with another woman  Greta.
Love is the cousin.
She works.
Yolly is the businesswoman.
She is.
Wherein she buys clothes only to sell them as brand new and original.
The story runs.
When Love joins the Diyosa ng Kagandahan 2003 contest  where they find out that her roommate  Greta  is the new girlfriend  Artie  and the kinakapatid of Yolly s boyfriend policeman  SPO Pablito  who dumped her.
They also see this girl cuddling up.
Karen  Love and Yolly tire out all their efforts.
<EOS>
The remnants of a platoon of German Panzergrenadiers from the Grobdeutschland Division are caught in an ambush by American troops.
They find a bunker  manned by an old man and a young boy.
Left to defend the bunker and presuming themselves surrounded.
Ambushed them.
Strange tunnels are found beneath the bunker.
The situation becomes increasingly tense.
Convinced  a terrible game develops.
The enemy has worked their way.
Stalked  it becomes increasingly unclear.
Where their fantasies end and the danger begins.
Schenke  decides to take the cleansing upon himself.
The paranoia builds up.
<EOS>
Shanghai Triad takes place.
The story begins  Tang Shuisheng has just arrived in Shanghai from the countryside.
He is met by his uncle  Liu   also named Tang and a distant relative.
Who has sent to work as a servant for a Triad Boss.
However  he is taken.
He meets his new employers.
Where two rival groups carry out an opium deal that goes wrong  leaving one of the rival members dead.
Shuisheng is then taken to Tang s palatial home   The English subtitles all refer to Gong Li s character by the name Bijou.
Where he is assigned to serve Xiao Jinbao.
A cabaret singer and girlfriend.
She mocks Shuisheng s upbringing and derides him.
It is soon learned.
Jinbao is also carrying.
Shuisheng witnesses the aftermath of a bloody gang fight between the Boss and a rival boss  Fat Yu.
Are Shuisheng s uncle.
Retreat to a peasants  island.
There  Jinbao befriends Cuihau  an unassuming peasant woman.
Who prepares meals  while Shuisheng befriends Ajiao  Cuihau s nine-year-old daughter.
It results.
When Jinbao unwittingly meddles.
Furious  Jinbao confronts the Boss   he.
Who throws her accusations back  claiming that had she never meddled.
His men would have been none the wiser.
Jinbao   reveals to Shuisheng.
She  too  came.
She gives him some silver coins and tells him to start a shop as soon.
He is able  away.
Song arrives to the island along with Zheng  the Boss s number three man.
The Boss calmly confronts Song with evidence of his treachery.
He tells Song.
He knew that Song had been working with Fat Yu to supplant him as king of the Shanghai underworld.
The gang kills Song s men and buries Song alive.
The Boss then informs Jinbao.
She will have to die as well.
He grants her one last wish.
She asks.
He leave Cuihua and Ajiao alone.
The Boss goes back and tells her.
Cuihua has already been killed.
He is thrown back and beaten.
Shuisheng attempts to save his mistress.
The film then ends.
It sails back with the boss and Ajiao on board.
<EOS>
Tora-san returns in Shibamata  Tokyo  to find a large American peddler living in his room  leading to various conflicts.
The American admits.
Tora-san struggles with the local Madonna.
Ultimately the two men find.
They have more than they thought.
<EOS>
A counselor s ethics demand.
She maintain confidentiality  be objective and not get emotional.
But it is difficult to remain unaffected.
Her true feelings are reflected.
We see the stories of Paayal  a commercial sex worker  Nishit  an intravenous drug user  Kiran  a gay man  and Umrao  a transsexual bar dancer -- stories of being marginalized and discriminated before and after becoming getting HIV.
These stories have the capacity to touch  heal  change lives and hopefully bring.
<EOS>
Crystal Shackelford lures two strangers  solicitor Jerome K.
Arbutny and charming and erudite drunkard Johnny West in 1938 because of her belief.
If three strangers make the same wish  the wish will be granted.
The three go together and agree.
Money will make their dreams come true.
They will not sell the ticket if it is chosen  but will hold until the race is run.
Shackelford would use the money to try to win her estranged husband back  Arbutny to smooth the way to the prestigious Barrister s Club  and Johnny to buy a bar and live in it.
The stories are revealed.
Shackelford s husband David moved and fell in love with Janet Elliot.
He returns  just take their leave of Crystal  and demands a divorce.
She refuses.
She sees.
He loses a promotion.
She also lies  telling her.
David still loves her and that she is pregnant.
The trusting woman believes her and returns.
Johnny has been hiding out after his drunken participation in a botched robbery.
Resulted. 
Icey commits perjury.
Order to provide an alibi.
Fallon confesses but blames the murder on West and the third man involved  Gabby.
When a second witness is discredited.
Johnny is caught and sentenced.
Gabby finds Fallon to prison and stabs him.
Fallon clears Johnny.
Arbutny has been speculating from the trust fund of Lady Rhea Belladon  an eccentric widow.
Who believe she can talk.
His margin is called  a desperate Arbutny proposes.
She turns him down.
Worse  she says.
Lord Belladon wants to have the books checked.
Arbutny is about to shoot himself.
When he sees that the sweepstakes ticket has drawn the favorite in the Grand National.
The three strangers converge s flat.
Arbutny wants to sell his share.
So he can replace the funds he stole before his crime can be uncovered.
Johnny is willing.
Shackelford is adamant.
They stick.
Arbutny becomes enraged and kills her.
He then panics and runs out   but not fatally.
Where he is struck down.
He confesses the murder.
When the police arrive.
Ironically  their horse wins.
However  Johnny realizes  the money would be seen.
The winning ticket has to be destroyed because their signatures are.
They leave.
The guilt-ridden Arbutny confesses.
What he has done.
Johnny returns.
Where Icey finds him.
Content  he sets the ticket on fire.
<EOS>
The film begins.
Exists where women are married off to the Quran so that the landowning family does nt have to part with any of its wealth.
The action is based.
They live together with the extended family.
Is usually warring.
There are also legions.
Who devote themselves and show their love for their Saeen by kissing and nuzzling his feet.
Naghma has a demented son  Babar Ali.
Who shoots people and a daughter  Saima  an overgrown 35-year-old teenager with an unhealthy pigeon fetish.
Problems arise.
When it is discovered that the family will stand to lose a large segment once Saima is wedded.
The family elders  cajoled and abetted decide to adopt a plan.
Where Saima is to get married.
There are to be no festivities  no joy and little chance.
Not only.
Must live.
Matters start coming.
When Rana returns to find that the girl of his dreams has been forced to wed the Quran and live in exile.
He consults a nearby imam and are simply an illegal schemes.
Who tells him that such marriages are unrecognized.
Families attempt to retain their wealth.
So  armed  the hitherto timid Rana decides to take on the almighty family of Vadda Saeen  led by the dangerously psychotic Babar Ali.
First off  the movie must be commended.
The film is also to be commended.
Syed Noor plays but avoids the smutty element quite successfully going for the wholesome style of Choorian instead.
The film has some fairly decent tunes to help it along.
The pace starts slowing more and more.
We approach the inevitable climax.
Saima looks fetching and should be featuring Film Award ceremonies for her acting in this film - yet she looks considerably older than her co-star Moammar Rana.
Bahar eats up the screen and dominates.
Only she can while Nirma  does nt make much impression despite being given a sizzling number to perform.
Nirma s future does nt appear to be too bright.
Babar Ali ends up taking most.
He ought to forget.
Average he looks and would be far better advised to stick.
Mehndi Waley Hath is.
Is somewhat elevated.
It attempts to deliver.
A feather - a rare commodity these days.
<EOS>
The film follows a divorced couple living.
Who discover that their daughter is dying.
Doctors inform them  however.
The child can only be saved from an umbilical cord of a sibling.
Unfortunately both parents have since remarried.
The film follows the emotional strain.
This development brings.
<EOS>
Guner Sernikli is a government official  virtually an exile.
Who   has been assigned as the head librarian to this isolated province.
There is no library.
The family is warmly welcome  but these are the years.
The youth inevitably follow the tides.
They arrive.
As the situation is becoming really absurd.
Guner brings wisdom  his daughter Tuba brings beauty  innocence and love.
Some appreciate these things but they are in the minority.
Confusion continues to reign.
The story is based in Hakkari  Turkey in.
<EOS>
Grace is discharged.
Dr Spiteri helps get her a job and his wife as a personal maid to their daughter.
She s happy there.
She still longs to find her daughter Angela.
Meanwhile  Angela has been released in with thief Victor Gatt and his gang.
<EOS>
Kyu-nam works.
He soon discovers.
When Cho-in walks and tries to use his powers to rob the store.
His special talent does nt work.
Upset.
There is a person whom he can not control.
This begins a confrontation.
Will push both men.
Kang Dong-won earned Best Actor honors in the 2010 hit Secret Reunion.
<EOS>
Rupert Pupkin  a stage-door autograph hound  is an aspiring stand-up comedian.
Whose ambition far exceeds his paltry talent.
Rupert believes.
His big break has finally come.
He attempts to get a place  but is continually rebuffed by Langford s staff and  finally  by Langford himself.
Rupert indulges in elaborate and obsessive fantasies.
Where he and Langford are colleagues and friends.
He even takes a date  Rita  to Langford s home  uninvited  trying to impress her.
Rupert hatches a kidnapping plot.
When the straight approach does not work.
Who is also obsessed.
Rupert demands.
He be given the opening spot  and that the show be broadcast in normal fashion.
The network brass  lawyers  and the FBI agree.
Langford will be released once the show airs.
Masha has her dream date with Langford.
Who is.
Jerry convinces her to untie him and escapes.
Rupert s stand-up routine is well received.
He closes.
He kidnapped Jerry Langford to break into show business.
The studio audience laughs  thinking.
It is a part.
Rupert responds  Tomorrow you ll know.
I was nt kidding.
You ll all think.
I m crazy.
But I figure it this way  better to be king  than schmuck for a lifetime.
The movie closes  King For A Night.
The report informs.
Rupert still considers Jerry Langford his mentor and friend  and that he and his agent are currently weighing several attractive offers.
The final scene shows Rupert taking the stage with a live audience and an announcer enthusiastically introducing and praising him.
<EOS>
France  sometime.
The Sisterhood governs Europe.
Angeline  an exemplary and irreproachable citizen has just joined the Order  But her relationship will make her question profoundly the principles of the Doctrine.
<EOS>
Colonel James Braddock  Vietnam veteran  had believed his Asian wife Lin Tan Cang to be dead.
He hears.
Lin is not only alive  but has a 12-year-old son named Van Tan Cang  who is Braddock s son.
Braddock does not believe it.
That s.
When cold-blooded CIA boss Littlejohn tells Braddock to disregard that information.
When Braddock knows it s true.
Braddock heads back.
Braddock outruns Vietnamese Navy Patrol Boats with a Jet-Powered speedboat.
Reverend Polanski leads Braddock.
Attempting to flee the country  Braddock  Lin  and Van are captured.
Quoc kills Lin  and has his soldiers take Braddock and Van to a compound to be tortured.
Later  Braddock overpowers his guards  frees Van  and heads.
Is run.
Quoc anticipates the move and takes all the mission children.
Braddock sets out to free them by going to his weapons cache.
He had hidden a few days prior.
He equips himself with an underslung 6-shot rotary grenade launcher and attachments including a spring-loaded bayonet.
He raids the camp killing the guards and loading up one with all the children including his son  Van and the Reverend.
They are followed and attacked by a Vietnamese-captured American UH-1 Huey.
Braddock takes the children and find a Vietnamese airstrip.
When they escape.
Braddock silently takes out the guards and hijacks a C-47 Dakota plane.
The plane is then assaulted causing fuel to leak out of the plane  eventually crashing just outside the Cambodian-Thailand border.
Braddock then raids the border station.
Where American and Thailand troops are watching.
Pour in.
When Braddock kills all the opposing troops more.
Braddock is injured.
Two American helicopters confront Quoc s gunship.
When General Quoc then flies.
Taunting each other Van fire at Quoc s ship hitting the pilot.
The Gunship crashes  killing Quoc.
Then all the American troops pour over the border and bridge and help the wounded Braddock and the children.
<EOS>
The movie follows the career.
The narrative begins with the teacher s first class of 1st grade students and follows her through.
<EOS>
Raja played can be best described as a grown-up version of Dennis the menace and all neighbors  professors  principal and even his father.
Who is incidentally a police commissioner is not spared.
His father hatches a plan to teach him a lesson.
He somehow convinces Raja to go his uncle s house.
His uncle is a no nonsense strict disciplinarian military man and probably the only person.
Who can instill some discipline and focus.
Nisha played is a smart con girl.
Who has not only stolen diamonds.
100 crores  has also double-crossed the boss of the most notorious gang.
Now  she is.
Destiny gets Raja and Nisha to meet.
So  lots are inevitable.
When the smartest con girl and the biggest prankster meet.
They become part.
Is a long roller coaster ride defying stunts and events.
And a cat and a mouse game.
Where a couple all are on there hot trail.
How do.
These two reach their destination and fulfill their dream and how the love blossoms forms crux of the story.
<EOS>
Irish-Australian Paddy Carmody is a roving sheep herder known.
His wife Ida and son Sean want to settle down.
Paddy has wanderlust and never wants to stay.
The family meet refined Englishman Rupert Venneker and hire him to help drive a large herd of sheep to the town of Cawndilla.
Passing. 
They survive a dangerous brush fire.
Mrs Firth   takes a liking.
Who runs the pub.
He takes.
He has no desire to be tied down.
Ida convinces Paddy to take a job  she serves as the cook  Rupert as a wool roller  and Sean as a tar boy.
Ida enjoys the company.
She sees the young woman.
When fellow shearer Bluey Brown s pregnant wife Liz shows up unannounced.
Ida is saving the money.
The family earns that they stayed at for a night on the sheep drive.
He decides to leave six weeks.
Though Paddy has agreed to participate from a rival group.
Ida persuades him to stay.
He loses the contest.
Paddy wins a lot.
Owning such an animal has been his longstanding dream.
They name him Sundowner and enter him.
The shearing is done.
Sean and Sundowner win their first race.
Ida finally convinces a still reluctant Paddy to buy the farm she.
Sean have their hearts set on.
However  he loses.
Everything Ida has saved.
He tells her.
He has found a buyer if he wins the next race.
The money would recoup their down payment.
However   he is disqualified.
Sundowner does win.
The deal falls through.
Nevertheless  Paddy s deep remorse heals the breach.
They resolve to save enough money to buy a farm one day.
<EOS>
A Hollywood film composer is found dead.
The police think.
It is suicide.
A cop  Joe Warne  suspects murder.
Warne begins looking by the dead man.
Warne finds out.
Investigating. 
The dead man has had a list and that ten of them have a motive for the suspected murder.
His ruthless questioning tactics lead.
Pursuing the case  the obsessed Warne is eventually suspended from the police force while on the case.
The clues draw him closer.
He digs deeper.
Who may be involved.
<EOS>
Matt Helm is now a happily retired secret agent  shooting photos and enjoying a close relationship with his assistant  the lovely Lovey Kravezit.
A photographer  spy by night.
But then his old boss  Macdonald  coaxes him back ICE to thwart a new threat from the villainous organization Big O.
The sinister Tung-Tze is masterminding a diabolical scheme to drop an atomic bomb and possibly instigate a nuclear war in the process.
Helm s assignment is to stop him  armed  a beautiful but bumbling agent.
Helm is nearly sidetracked by a mysterious knife-wielding seductress.
And he witnesses the murder.
Helm prevails  with Gail by his side.
He all but single-handedly destroys Tung-Tze s evil enterprise and plot to rule the world.
<EOS>
The film begins by Ericson  This is a story of the Battle of the Atlantic  the story of an ocean  two ships  and a handful of men.
The men are the heroes  the heroines are the ships.
The only villain is the sea  the cruel sea   Opening as the Battle of the Atlantic begins  Lieutenant Commander George Ericson  after service in the British Merchant Navy  is recalled to the Royal Navy as a member of the RNR.
Man has made more cruel.
A newly-built Flower class corvette intended for convoy escort duties.
His officers Lockhart and Ferreby  are both newly-commissioned and.
The new First Lieutenant  James Bennett  is an abusive martinet.
The ship s company gains hard experience and becomes an effective fighting unit.
Their worst enemy is the weather.
German submarines lack the range to attack shipping far.
U-boats can attack convoys anywhere - ironically making bad weather the convoys  greatest advantage.
When French ports fall.
The first lieutenant is put ashore  the junior officers mature.
The ship crosses the Atlantic many times escorting convoys  often.
They witness the sinking.
They are charged.
A key scene involves Ericson s decision to carry out a depth charge attack.
Though the blast will kill merchant seamen floating.
The Compass Rose is.
Her crew forced to abandon ship.
Most are lost to drowning and hypothermia.
Taking  Ericson survives.
This ordeal along are picked up the next day.
Together  Ericson takes command of a new ship  HMS Saltash Castle a new frigate.
They continue the monotonous but vital duty of convoy escort.
Late.
Serving  they doggedly pursue and sink another.
The ship is shown returning  as guard to a number of German submarines.
The war ends.
Have surrendered.
<EOS>
The movie starts off  he is subsequently fired for having sex with the headmaster s daughter.
This would be a common theme.
He works as a builder on the new University of Geneva campus building  and.
Where a lover persuades him to become a student.
This is also.
Where he organizes his first protest.
He is nearly deported but is saved by Angelica s intervention.
He goes back to his hometown of Forl.
Where he marries Rachele.
Soon he is.
When he becomes the.
Mussolini unites the reds  the Socialists  with the yellows  the Republicans in an anti-war movement.
This marks the peak  with the Italian left-wing politics under his control.
However  he gradually loses his anti-war fervor and splits  turning all his allies into enemies.
<EOS>
The film takes place.
The film opens.
They make a date to meet  but a power failure means.
Her shift ends at a local coffee shop.
Julie leaves.
He realizes.
When Harry awakes that night.
What s happened and rushes  arriving at 4 AM.
Harry tries to call Julie  but only reaches her answering machine.
Where he leaves an apology.
Hearing a frantic man telling his dad that nuclear war is about to break out.
When the phone rings moments later he picks it up.
The caller realizes.
When Harry finally gets a chance to talk and asks who s calling.
He has dialled the wrong area code.
Harry then hears him being arrested and presumably shot.
Harry  confused and not entirely convinced  wanders back into the diner and tells the other customers.
What he s heard.
One  a mysterious businesswoman named Landa  calls a number of politicians in Washington on her Motorola DynaTAC and finds.
They are all visiting South America.
This convinces her.
The information is most likely correct.
She immediately charters several private jets with no rainfall.
Most leave with her in the owner s delivery van.
Harry  unwilling to leave  arranges to meet at the airport and jumps from the truck.
Harry is helped and hindered.
Who are initially unaware.
She notes.
When he finds Julie and later tells her.
There is no confirmation.
Desperate to reach the airport  Harry finds a helicopter pilot and tells him to meet them.
Julie has also tried to find a pilot.
It takes to find her  Los Angeles descends into violent chaos.
There is still no confirmation.
Any is real.
Harry wonders.
He has sparked a massive false panic.
They find the pad empty.
When they reach the top.
The roof manned only.
He can find.
Any doubts are eliminated.
When a warhead can be seen streaking.
The helicopter suddenly returns.
They fear the end.
Several warheads hit.
They lift off.
The EMP causes the helicopter to crash into the La Brea Tar Pits.
Harry tries to comfort Julie.
The helicopter sinks and the cabin fills.
They will probably be put  or maybe they will take a direct hit and be turned into diamonds.
Julie seems to take some hope.
The movie fades out.
The water fills the compartment.
A final explosion seems to imply.
A direct hit has taken place.
<EOS>
Olga Petrova plays Elaine Elton  a famous actress.
Who is engaged.
She meets a millionaire.
Who poses.
She falls with him but can not accept his proposal of marriage because of her engagement to the producer.
<EOS>
Alan Duckworth is a socially awkward fourteen.
Who is obsessed.
Alan daydreams.
He becomes friends.
Who he sees.
Alan often follows Tommy.
Tommy helped to win the war while making predictions is won.
Alan predicts  everyone will speak Esperanto.
There will be no more wars.
Everyone  regardless  will have a Teasmade.
Miss Land  meanwhile  is worried.
She is pregnant.
He is purely focused.
His friends are all interested.
Ann  however  is not well regarded.
She is very.
Alan and Ann have to kiss.
When Miss Land casts them together.
<EOS>
Bhoominathan keeps big aspirations.
His dreams are all revolving.
He inherited.
Bhoominathan finds.
Making a tourist resort  is the best possible business which can bring him big returns.
He starts to realise his plans to build a resort down for making a good basement.
And he finds.
Bhoomi takes no time to inform the archeological department.
Lands him.
His project gets blocked.
Bhoomi has got a friend.
Who also works.
He plans to venture into a new arena of business.
The movie goes on to tell.
Some unexpected happenings can change the fate.
<EOS>
Scooby and Shaggy are hired by a young Caliph - a job offer.
They ca nt refuse.
The Caliph gets mad and has his guards chase them.
When they eat everything.
He finds Shaggy disguised.
Hoping to make the prince fall asleep  Shaggy tells him two classic stories.
The first tale is and how the genies help her obtain the love of a prince while thwarting the plot of the evil vizier Haman.
The second and final tale is and.
He mistakens a pirate ship.
The Caliph decides to start the ceremony right away.
Shaggy can escape.
Shaggy pigs out.
When the wedding cake arrives.
His ruse is discovered.
He and Scooby are asked to be the royal storytellers.
The duo accept as well as being the royal food tasters again.
<EOS>
Greg has to go past hairy men to find Manny.
When the Heffley family attends a pool party to start off the summer just because the schools are almost over.
He finds Manny  washing his hands.
The family meets a former trouble making friend.
When Greg is found playing a Video Game.
Who is now a model student.
Are Manny s age peeing.
Greg is sending him there.
Greg attempts to get Holly Hills to put her phone number in his yearbook in addition to signing it.
However  she is forced to leave.
She can write the last two numbers.
Meanwhile Rodrick   falls with Holly s mean  monstrous  older sister Heather Hills.
Who is advertising his band.
She rejects him.
Greg is disappointed.
He failed to get Holly s number and that Holly stated he was a friend then Rodrick says that it is the kiss.
Meanwhile  Greg explains.
He intends to play video games all summer while maintaining the illusion he is spending time outdoors to please his father.
However  his plan quickly fails.
Greg s father bans television and video games for the whole summer.
Later Greg s mom  Susan  urges Frank to spend more time  and reminds him of his own neglectful father.
Frank attempts to spend time by taking him to do his favorite hobbies with him  such as The American Civil War.
However  Greg accidentally ruins the experience.
Sometime later Greg s best friend  invites Greg.
Greg takes a liking to instantly due  the sparsely populated pool  and the fact that Holly teaches tennis there.
He arranges.
A tennis match the next day that he and Rowley have never played tennis.
He finds.
When Greg returns home.
His father has offered to sign him up.
Greg makes up a hasty lie.
The next day match  it becomes painfully obvious.
Greg and Rowley have never played.
Holly teaches Greg personally.
Greg s dad decides to get a dog for the family and to sign Greg up in the Wilderness Explorers  a spoof of the American Boy Scouts to teach him responsibility after hearing it worked with Warren s sons.
Rodrick finds out.
Greg does not have a job  and blackmails Greg.
His attempt to talk horribly.
The next day Susan starts.
The Reading is Fun club.
Later that day Frank gets the dog.
His youngest son Manny names Sweetie and who proves to be a handful.
Rowley invites Greg to their beach house near the Boardwalk.
Greg convinces Rowley to go despite Rowley s conservative parents telling them to not go on scary rides.
When they visit the amusement park.
Rowley s parents find out.
Rowley is saddened.
When they state they are disappointed.
Greg attempts to email his mother asking her to help.
Accidentally emails everyone.
Panicking  Greg tries to escape  but accidentally contacts the police   and an arrangement for Greg s father to take his son home shortly afterward.
Leads. 
Later   Rowley lies and states  so Greg sneaks in  pretending to be a member.
When Greg asks Rowley to take him again.
He s not going there.
He runs into Holly and her sister and manages to get Loded Diper a gig at Heather s 16th birthday party.
He meets Rowley  he had lied to protect Greg s feelings.
Who tells him.
His parents did nt want to invite Greg.
He and Greg make up  however Rowley s father becomes infuriated.
Greg has built up a massive smoothie bill and tells Frank  who then finds out Greg does not have a job and is forced to pay himself.
Much  he intercept a promotional package from Spag Union for their father.
Greg fears.
He is going to be sent there.
Rodrick says.
His last chance is the Wilderness Weekend where he can attempt to impress his Dad while out.
However  their troop proves to be weak.
Who pitch their tents where Greg s troop was about to stay  forcing them to put their tents next.
Greg and his friends overhear Stan and his sons mocking Greg s father and plan to set up a trap.
However  Warren s expensive tent gets destroyed.
Greg discovers.
Troop 42 has not been camping but living off.
Frank is impressed and finds out  angrily confronting Warren as a phony.
When Greg steps up and takes the blame.
Frank later takes Greg and reveals.
He never liked camping.
He tells Greg.
He will not send him and that he is proud of him.
Loded Diper performs a song during an attempt to win over Heather.
However  they end up ruining the party.
Greg apologizes  however she states.
She is happy as she felt that her sister deserved it.
Then  Holly holds Greg s hand  hinting.
She likes him.
The next day  They all go swimming to end their summer then Greg says.
It s been the best summer ever.
<EOS>
The film begins.
He opens his car door.
The film then turns.
Who as it turns out has nt been up to much.
Jesse Stone sinks into seclusion and alcoholism.
Ordered not to communicate on suspension  no one is able to reach him.
Eventually Rose becomes concerned and asks Jesse s friend Captain Healy  the State Police Homicide Commander  to check in.
Healy is still recovering  and is supposed to be on medical leave  but - he s taking his leave at his office.
He informs Jesse.
Healy finds Jesse looking disheveled  drunk  and despondent.
Jesse receives.
A phone call himself.
Jenn tells Jesse.
She needs to talk because she and Elliot had a fight.
Angered  Jesse tells Jenn.
They should nt speak anymore  then rips the phone and throws it across the room.
Later he buys a cell phone.
Rose has to help him program it.
He only gives the number  warning them not to give it to anyone else.
It appears.
Jesse and Rose are becoming close.
Healy asks Jesse to work as a private consultant to the Boston police department on the investigation.
He does this partly to help his friend  but mostly.
He needs Jesse s experience.
Jesse soon learns.
The first victim had ties.
Fish denies ever knowing him.
When Jesse questions Fish.
Does his secretary Allen.
Jesse questions Fish again.
Who then admits that he knew the first victim  but that he had nt seen him before the murder.
Allen confirms this.
Later Jesse takes Sister Mary John.
He asks.
Allen or Gino had been trying to get anymore young girls.
She hints.
Allen and Gino are probably gay.
He also discovers.
A favorite destination s.
He suspects.
Allen saw Gino and the first victim together there.
Gino and Allen are gay  and probably.
Allen may have murdered the first victim out.
Having a master s degree  Allen would have known.
The murder would eventually be connected  unless he could provide another explanation for it.
So he then murdered the other two to hide his motive and make it look.
Jesse confronts Gino  and later Allen.
Jesse calls Allen to have him meet him at 3pm to discuss matters further.
Allen says.
He wo nt be there and then vomits.
He then retrieves the murder weapon and throws it.
Later   Jesse witnesses Allen s murder.
Waiting at Milly s.
Jesse and Commander Healy later speculate.
Gino ordered this fearing that Allen s confession would lead people and destroy his underworld reputation.
<EOS>
Dominique encouraged.
Order to make money fast to put his company back.
Pierre Sanchez finds a job.
But soon he realizes.
The only way he will keep his job is.
<EOS>
Goliath II is a miniature elephant  the biggest elephant all.
Who tries everything to impress his father.
His father does nt care  only his mother does.
A nasty tiger named and tries to attack Goliath.
Raja is curious.
Raja is stopped.
Afterwards Eloise almost accidentally steps.
Later  he s nearly eaten.
His mother saves him.
One day  Goliath follows two snails but gets lost.
When the elephants are marching.
His mother panics  causing the other elephants.
Goliath II s Mother and the Tiger  Raja  search and manage to find him in a snail hole.
Goliath is rescued.
Shortly afterwards  Goliath is scolded and is put into a bird s nest as punishment.
It is.
Goliath is now fed up and feels confident that he can take care of himself.
That night   Goliath runs away and vows never.
The herd is sleeping.
Afterwards he is startled and is again attacked by Raja after mistakenly waking him up with a cattail.
He walked on.
Crying. 
She goes and finds.
His mother hears his cries.
He is being taken away.
She grabs the tiger by his tail and throws him straight into the crocodile s mouth  he escapes from its belly and runs away  scared out of his wits  never to be seen again.
Afterwards  Goliath gets a spanking for trying to desert the herd.
A deserter is granted a rogue and a traitor.
The next day   Goliath.
The elephants are marching again.
I screams  stopping  and causing the elephants to crash again.
The mouse scares away and panics the herd.
Flee and jump  scaring the crocodile out of his wits  shaking a tree belonging to an owl along with the owl  and provoking the mother bird again.
He finds Goliath II.
The mouse is laughing hysterically.
Shocked  he asks Goliath.
He is afraid.
Goliath replies.
He is not as they are the same size.
Enraged  the mouse points out.
Goliath is an elephant  and adds that elephants are afraid as he deliberately pulls on his Trunk  flaps his ears  and kicks his Baggy Pants and threatens Goliath by telling him that if he does nt run away until he counts 3  he will hurt him.
A tussle starts.
The mouse counts.
Goliath I and Mother watch.
The fight ends.
Where below is the waiting hungry crocodile.
Not wanting to become the crocodile s next meal  the mouse cowardly begs Goliath not to drop him and tells him.
He is the champ.
Goliath agrees and spares the mouse.
Goliath is respected by his father and is named the top elephant of the herd.
<EOS>
Told  the gang forms a troop.
They are too young to join the Greenpoint Boy Scouts.
Unfortunately  their camping and survival skills leave much to be desired.
They pitch a tent.
They try to cook.
Get poison ivy.
A flood traps the kids.
Some real scouts come.
<EOS>
A small boat is seen chugging.
The film opens.
A giant octopus appears and seems bent on killing the sole crew member on deck.
Suddenly  the octopus releases the man and retracts its tentacles.
Relieved  the sailor peers out the porthole to see Gaira  a large green man-like creature  fighting the octopus.
Gaira turns his attention to the boat and sinks it.
He tells his tale to his doctors.
When the sailor is recovered.
Who believe he is.
The press picks up Dr Paul Stewart and his female assistant  Akemi.
Who once had a baby gargantua five years prior.
Dr Stewart and Akemi try to dispel the idea.
The attack was caused by the gargantua they knew and studied because it was very gentle while in their care.
Stewart postulates.
The gargantua he studied would nt live as it was found in the mountains and probably returned there when it escaped from his laboratory five years ago.
Another boat is attacked.
The people see the gargantua off the coast at the same time.
A mountain guide reports seeing the gargantua.
So  Dr Stewart and Akemi go to visit the mountains and send there assistant  Dr Majida  to look.
Dr Majida finds tissue stuck.
Dr Stewart and Akemi find giant footprints.
Gaira comes ashore and attacks an airport.
The sun appears.
He munches.
Apparently  the gargantua does nt like bright light and runs back.
The residents are urged to turn on all of their lights and open their shades to drive him out of the city.
He begins to retreat and is met by the Japanese Self Defense Force.
Who use giant spotlights and bonfires to corral Gaira.
A newly constructed weapon -- Maser Cannon s -- badly injures Gaira.
Conventional tanks  artillery  and machine guns have little effect.
Bloodied and bruised  Gaira falls and appears defeated.
Suddenly  a larger  brown gargantua comes.
Sanda   pulls Gaira.
He is known.
It turns out.
Sanda is the gentle gargantua that Dr Stewart and Akemi have studied years ago.
However  his gentle nature is disturbed.
When he catches Gaira feasting.
Sanda and Gaira begin to fight.
Inexplicably  Gaira begins running to get back to the ocean.
Dr Stewart attempts to convince the military.
Gaira  the green one  is evil and  leading.
Blowing them up would simply scatter their cells.
Sanda appears and attempts to stop his younger  green counterpart.
Gaira attacks Tokyo yet again.
Once again  they begin to fight.
This time the city provides the arena.
The confrontation eventually leads out.
Where helicopters armed.
Unfortunately  the bombs activate a giant underwater volcano.
Quickly engulfs the two monsters.
<EOS>
A plague caused by a vampire bat has transformed most of the world s human population into vampires.
This event formed a world completely dominated.
The whole vampire world is active.
Vampires are incapable  but are unprotected against the sunlight or any UV lights.
Human numbers quickly dwindle.
The need becomes desperate.
A global war rages and vampires.
Vampires degenerate.
When deprived.
Humans are captured and harvested.
Scientists research a synthetic blood substitute to satisfy vampires  blood hunger.
Edward Dalton is the head hematologist for the pharmaceutical company Bromley Marks  the largest supplier of human blood in the United States.
Dalton is in the process of developing a substitute to bolster dwindling blood supplies.
The need is underscored.
Dalton s boss  company owner Charles Bromley  reveals that the estimated human population is down.
National blood supplies will not last more than a month.
Faced  Edward and Chris carry out a hasty clinical trial of the latest revision.
Is a spectacularly gruesome failure.
Dejected  Dalton heads home.
He becomes momentarily distracted and swerves into oncoming traffic  running another vehicle off the road.
He is shot by a crossbow shot  and quickly discovers.
When he checks.
They are humans.
Dalton convinces the humans to hide in his vehicle and then tells police.
The occupants fled.
The humans then leave.
Audrey learns Edward s name and occupation from the ID badge on his jacket.
Edward is surprised by his estranged brother Frankie  a soldier in the human-hunting U.
S.
Army.
Who has returned.
Unfortunately  Frankie s gift re-ignites a long-standing argument over Edward s sympathies towards humans  his refusal to drink human blood  and his resentment towards his younger brother for turning him into a vampire.
The argument is cut short.
When a subsider invades Edwards house  forcing the brothers to team up and kill it.
The following morning  Audrey arrives  giving him a note with instructions.
A meet.
Dalton goes to the meeting location  and is introduced to Lionel Elvis Cornack  another human.
They are interrupted.
Elvis can explain himself.
Who followed Edward and intends to capture both Cornack and Audrey.
Audrey knocks Frankie unconscious.
The three make their escape  fleeing.
Cornack drives.
They escape.
Where he reveals that he was once a vampire  but was cured when a car crash ejected him into the river during daylight hours.
He asks Dalton to help find a way to recreate the cure safely  Dalton agrees.
That night  Ed arrives at an old vineyard  the last human colony in the world.
Ed meets.
Who secretly helps the colony to find a cure.
They are ambushed  and captured.
A convoy is heading to Audrey s group.
One soldier finds.
A radio and the soldiers track the position  forcing the humans there to flee.
Audrey  Elvis and Ed stay behind.
Ed can be turned back.
Edward is able to reverse the vampire effect  curing himself.
One is Alison.
Who wakes up.
She is revealed to be his daughter.
Who ran away  not accepting her father as a vampire.
Charles  wanting to have his daughter back  has Frankie forcibly turn her.
She refuses to drink human blood  feeding instead - and thus begins to turn into a subsider.
She is rounded up and dragged into sunlight to burn to death.
Witnessing Alison s death upsets Frankie.
He seeks out his brother.
Meanwhile  Bromley Marks has exhausted their reserves.
The army arrives  destroying subsiders to control the population.
Edward  Elvis  and Audrey break and ask him to help spread the cure.
However  Chris has finally discovered a viable blood substitute and does not want there to be a cure.
He calls.
Who capture Audrey while Elvis and Edward escape.
They are found.
Who agrees to help but is gradually becoming a subsider.
He attacks Elvis.
They discover.
Feeding is another method for vampires to turn back to humans.
Edward  trying to save Audrey  turns himself and goads Charles into attacking him.
Edward uses the now-human Charles to cure a group.
Edward and Audrey  cornered  are rescued.
When Frankie sacrifices himself.
This sparks a feeding frenzy.
Leaves all.
They are confronted.
Who kills the few remaining cured soldiers to hide the evidence.
Elvis arrives and shoots him.
As Chris points his gun.
Edward looks sadly.
Audrey  Edward and Elvis turn back and watch the sun rise.
The three survivors then drive away  with a voice-over by Edward stating and can change others back.
They have a cure.
<EOS>
Chanachol  recently returned after living overseas  signs up for a tour to get back in touch with Thai culture  and finds.
Himself attracted.
There are several problems  Chanachol is married  with family.
Mekhala has a mysterious  symbiotic relationship.
Many have ended up dead.
<EOS>
Her sister McKenna must replace her.
When a serial killer mysteriously and savagely murders a young native woman.
Reluctantly  McKenna accepts the role.
She takes on the spirit and powers of the raven  the good forces in the battle against evil  the wolf.
McKenna s powers include a thirst.
She unleashes.
The spirit inhabits Rose  Henry s jilted lover.
Rose wreaks havoc before a final showdown with the chosen one.
<EOS>
Sabrina travels with Gwen  a fellow witch from England  for a week-long vacation  and by local marine biologist Dr Julian Martin.
Where they try to help protect a hidden mermaid colony whose habitat is threatened.
Who is determined to find the colony to fame.
A merman  Salem.
Sabrina finds a friendship.
The cat finds a possible romance  but finds Sabrina s problems interfering with his plans.
She casts a spell to create a storm to keep him.
Order to prevent Julian.
Succeeds. 
A lightning bolt knocks Sabrina unconscious  and when she comes to she learns she has lost her powers  at least temporarily.
<EOS>
Sandy Brooks is desperate to get pregnant.
Her husband Jeff  a television script writer  is too stressed out to make love.
They go on a pleasure cruise and meet another couple  Claire and King Banner.
<EOS>
-LCB- -LCB- Quote box | quotedright | widthright | quote -- Lopez.
Excessive promotion was important.
-LCB- -LCB- Cite album-notes -RCB- -RCB- entitled First Number One Single  Lopez reveals the moment.
When she found out that If You Had My Love went number one.
She then went on to discuss the events.
Occoured in Record Release Week.
Lopez then reveals.
Her performance is shown.
Medina discusses Lopez s ability to work at late hours of the night.
Her 1999 Billboard Music Awards performance is then shown.
Lopez then speaks.
Is shown.
She also explains.
The Hex Hector remix came about and the alternative music video that was created for it.
A megamix video follows.
The twentieth chapter  Jennifer s Mom  is an interview.
What was like to see Lopez for the first time.
Lopez then discusses her surprise.
She had and their dedication.
The twenty-second chapter of Feelin  So Good  Lopez discusses the process of writing and recording the album.
Lopez s sister Lynda interviews her choreographer Tina Landon.
What it is like to work  before her 1999 Blockbuster Awards performance of If You Had My Love is shown.
Footage is then shown.
The music video is shown.
Music Energy Lopez compares the difference.
Footage of Feelin  So Good  Lopez explains the concept behind the music video of Feelin  So Good and.
Big Pun and Fat Joe were chosen to be featured.
The music video is then shown and is faded out.
<EOS>
Kennedy plays Paul Cameron  an insurance executive.
Who finds out he has a brain tumor.
His family will receive nothing.
There is a huge reward.
Cameron frames himself in the hopes of collecting the reward money for his wife in an anonymous bank account.
Cameron is found guilty and sentenced.
Then is cured  and escapes.
Order to find the real killer and clear his name.
<EOS>
Bawandar is based.
The names have been changed for legal reasons.
Bhanwari s character is called Sanwari  her husband.
Mohan s character is called Sohan.
Their village is called Dhabri.
The story is introduced by a foreign reporter called Amy.
Who has read.
Amy and her friend-cum-interpreter Ravi visit Sanwari s village to investigate the matter  five years.
They encounter an old man Sohan.
Who helps them where they encounter Sanwari s rapists.
Sohan turns out to be Sanwari s husband  and tells the tale.
Shobha is a social worker.
Who works.
Her job involves create awareness.
She recruits Sanwari as a saathin  a grassroots worker employed as part of the Women s Development Project run by the Government of Rajasthan.
Sanwari is a low-caste potter  her husband Sohan is a.
The couple has a young girl called Kamli.
Sanwari educates the womenfolk in the village against child marriages  and invites ire of the conservative village elders.
Most belong to the Gurjar community.
Is upper.
Five men decide to teach Sanwari a lesson.
When she informs the police.
They beat up her husband and gang-rape her.
Sanwari and Sohan go.
The inspector refuses to lodge a First Information Report.
The doctor wo nt issue a medical report.
The couple finally manages to get a court order.
They get a medical certificate in Jaipur.
A complaint is lodged two days.
However  the rapists are not arrested and roam around freely  boasting with Sanwari.
Sanwari s case gets nation-wide attention and the Prime Minister himself entrusts the investigation to the Central Bureau of Investigation.
A women s NGO also tries to help Sanwari.
The accused are arrested and tried.
They are backed.
Meena hires.
A lawyer called Purohit to defend the accused.
A Gurjar lawyer defends Saanwari  but faces pressure.
The judges handling the case are transferred multiple times.
The final judgement goes.
Bhanwari refuses to give up her fight  in spite of unhelpful villagers and relatives  an incompetent police force  and a corrupt judicial system.
<EOS>
Kramer works the gold fields  taking both the money and the gold.
Tarrant decides to put an end.
When cowboy-turned-prospector Jack Tarrant s partner Jeff Sellers becomes the next victim.
<EOS>
Krish is a happy-go-lucky guy.
Who lives.
He woos a girl named Manju.
Manju happens to be the daughter.
Krish s only intention is to become rich and does nt have any feelings whatsoever toward her.
He also meets  he starts to like her and falls in love with her.
A girl called Meenakshi  aka Meenu.
However the first part is based.
Forms the core.
Meanwhile  Simhachalam and Shinde run.
Shinde is a man.
Shinde tries to find faults.
That he can expose him  so that his route will be clear to get the party ticket.
Shinde comes to learn.
Simhachalam has another wife and a daughter who live.
He sends his men to find them.
The story takes a twist.
When we learn that Meenu is the unofficial daughter.
Whom will.
<EOS>
Jeanne plays a modern-day Don Juan-styled woman.
Who prides herself.
She reveals a murder.
She committed and frankly details her past sexual encounters.
<EOS>
Jeanne and Paul are a wealthy couple.
Who were.
Jeanne and Paul had a young son.
Who disappeared.
Jeanne holds out hope  a hope.
His body has never been found.
He might still be alive.
Becomes a desperate concern when she sees a video.
Eager to find out the truth  Paul pays a hefty fee to escort him and Jeanne into a forbidden zone known only to Thailand s criminal underclass near the Burmese border.
Jeanne and Paul soon find themselves out they do not understand.
Where dangerous men commune.
<EOS>
Christine Faber thinks.
She hears her late husband calling out.
She meets a tall dark man named Alexis.
Who seems to know all.
Christine and her younger sister become enmeshed in the strange life of Alexis.
He finds himself manipulated into deeper cruelness.
He had.
<EOS>
Don Baker   has lived all his life with his mother.
Who was born blind.
He meets their daughter Linda Fletcher.
When the Fletcher family moves.
Linda takes Don out and fills him with confidence.
She talks him.
She even finds an apartment.
She encourages Don to become a musician.
But  Linda meets a guy and goes to live with him in Mexico.
Don moves.
Don finds himself all alone.
He has made a contract.
His mother will not come to see him.
One month has passed.
This is.
When Jill Tanner moves.
She listens talking to his mother over the phone and turns on the radio.
She invites herself over.
When Don asks her to turn the volume down.
They start talking and find each other friendly.
Jill does not realize.
Don is blind  until she sees him dropping his cigarette ash.
Jill has never met a blind man before.
She asks all sorts.
She tells Don  I only ask to be free.
Her favorite quote is.
The butterflies are free.
Mankind will surely not deny.
What it concedes.
Don corrects her.
Actually this is a quote.
Don makes up a song and starts to sing.
Butterflies are free.
Jill takes Don out to find better-fitting clothes for an aspiring musician.
They have dinner together and later spend the night together.
Don s mother  Mrs Baker  surprises Don with a visit.
Mrs Baker sees.
Don has attached himself.
She fears.
Jill will break Don s heart just like Linda did.
She takes Jill out and tries to talk her out of Don s life.
Jill has strong feelings and tells Mrs Baker.
If there is someone who should get out  it is she.
However  Jill herself has problems making a commitment.
She begins to look to end the growing relationship.
When she starts to fall.
She makes a dinner date.
She appears over.
She announces.
She is moving.
This breaks Don s heart.
He gets ready to go home.
Mrs Baker   makes an about-face and starts telling him not to come home and to face life s challenges.
Who had been telling Don to come back home.
Mrs Baker leaves.
Jill departs.
Don is shattered and trips.
Sitting  he puts his head down on the table in despair.
This is.
When he hears someone opening the door.
Jill walks in and asks Don.
What he s doing.
Don says  I was just about to have a picnic.
Jill asks .
The picture ends.
<EOS>
Escaping form the Argentinean dictatorship  a young father takes his son.
<EOS>
Susan Clarkson agrees to go.
Who have built themselves a 60 foot yacht.
However the over-anxious captain sails.
The yacht sinks leaving the teens to fend against the merciless elements.
Out. 
All trapped  they find themselves without food  water or supplies and with sharks posing a constant threat to their survival.
<EOS>
Surya is an angry young man.
Who is a post-graduate looking.
His girlfriend is Sruthi.
Who always tries to control his rage as he fights.
He fights.
Who is a gold medalist but does not get a job as he is not able to get a loan as he does not have any collateral to pledge.
Another gold medalist friend dies after running helter-skelter hunting for a job.
All this changes Surya s life especially.
He meets a well-known writer and intellectual  Udaya Murthy who urges him along to start a movement against corruption and injustice in society.
They start an Unemployed Graduate Association.
Rubs the local politician and don Muthukaruppan the wrong way.
The idealist Surya turns.
Murthy is shot dead.
He is jailed.
He is brutally tortured by the police.
He becomes a rallying point.
<EOS>
Paul  the owner  is knocked out at a brothel and taken home.
The madam sends two thieves to Paul s club to rob the place.
He is unconscious.
Paul s wife fills in.
When the star dancer quits.
The bartender then seduces her and takes her.
The thieves begin working.
He goes.
When Paul comes and can not find his wife at home.
Where the thieves are engaged.
<EOS>
Including former Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev  physicist Stephen Hawking  Nobel Prize winner Wangari Maathai  and journalist Paul Hawken  the film documents the grave problems facing the planet s life systems.
Global warming  deforestation  mass species extinction  and depletion are all addressed.
The film s premise is.
The future is in jeopardy.
The film proposes potential solutions by calling for restorative action by the reshaping and rethinking of global human activity through technology  social responsibility and conservation.
<EOS>
A short time  Tony Blair goes on British television and gives a political broadcast  Prime Minister of the United Kingdom.
Which he announces his resignation.
The Labour Party   is trailing David Cameron s Conservative Party.
Which Blair is leader.
However   the polling trends dramatically reverse with respondents overwhelmingly supporting Labour s new leader  Gordon Brown.
Fearing  Blair attempts to sabotage Labour s election campaign  leaking an inflammatory e-mail sent to Blair.
His legacy and his place are under severe threat.
Wherein the former admits that tax hikes are inevitable.
Blair s plan works.
That Labour wins the election.
Meanwhile  Blair is having problems.
Both he and his wife  Cherie  are having financial problems.
He is obsessed  but neither his former supporters nor the U.
S.
Government -- led -- want anything to do with him.
Finally  Blair is haunted.
His troubled conscience makes.
Him try to convert  though in repeated visits to church he finds himself unable to confess to any sins.
Blair is portrayed.
A world which once hailed him has largely turned against him.
To compound Blair s problems  the International Criminal Court is looking to bring war crimes charges in relation to the war.
Now  he no longer has diplomatic immunity.
Blair is no longer Prime Minister.
Bush can not be prosecuted  Blair would become the main scapegoat of any such trial.
Brown is initially uncertain.
What to do.
His hand is ultimately forced.
When he is informed that several Labour MPs have threatened to defect -- thereby destablising Labour s minority government -- if he fails to act.
The United Nations Security Council votes.
Ordinarily  this would not have been an issue.
The United Kingdom  a permanent member  would have been able to veto the resolution.
Brown s assistant orders.
Britain s Security Council representative to be absent when the resolution is voted on.
The resolution passes.
Blair suffers a recurrence of heart problems.
Everybody believes.
This is.
The programme ends.
<EOS>
Charley   escapes with two fellow slaves before being sold to a different plantation owner.
He is put up.
His ailing plantation owner says he can no longer afford him.
The three fugitives are put down.
When they engage.
When Charley asks a bartender.
He then tells his friends  I ai nt never gon na be a slave again  I ai nt taking no shit from no white man again.
I m a free man.
That s the way.
I m gon na die.
The three seek their freedom.
But they are chased on horseback.
Who vow not to let them go free.
The escaped slaves meet villains and violence.
The film ends  Toby  surviving an intense shootout and riding off.
Toby asks.
Where shall we go now  Charley.
Wherever we go  there s trouble waiting.
<EOS>
Carter Page III  a middle-aged gay man.
C.
Is a walker  a single man.
Who escorts other men s wives so the husbands do not have to.
One  Lynn Lockner  is the wife of a United States senator and is carrying on an affair with a lobbyist.
He escorts.
She embroils Carter.
When she finds the lobbyist murdered.
Leads. 
<EOS>
Mike Carter finds.
Himself propositioned on the train.
He has been working.
They both realise.
When Alan has a similar encounter of the female scientists at their office.
It is linked.
The two men begin to test their formula.
They persuade themselves.
Before they take it  they must give it extensive testing to make sure it does not contain any unsavoury side effects.
Eager to keep their discovery secret  they begin to use an old army hut in Effingham for their trials  taking woman back there.
Who they have picked up.
They attempt to create some more using the original recipe.
When they begin to run out.
They realise.
When this does not have any effect.
It must be due that they put in the original potion.
They try and locate it.
All issues have been destroyed.
They begin doing tests to try to find the missing ingredient.
Will make their potion work.
Their wives are becoming increasingly suspicious.
Their boss is demanding.
They produce a new aftershave.
He too discovers its potency.
When they accidentally allow their boss to get hold.
The two men fear.
When the two men s wives arrive on a surprise shopping trip.
The game is up.
They confess.
They have been conducting.
They discover.
When the three men go.
The army are now demolishing the old huts.
The remaining potion is destroyed.
Coombes now threatens them  threatening to reveal to their wives.
What they have been doing.
They can recreate the formula to find the magic ingredient.
<EOS>
Picking up  Danish Khan murders the captured gunman involved in his father  Sardar Khan s assassination.
Sardar s second wife  Durga  is now a maid.
Danish and Asgar attempt to convince Faizal.
His friend Fazlu was the mole who spied.
Danish   surrenders to the police in a concocted case of thievery.
However  he is assassinated by Sultan Qureshi.
A stoned and oblivious Faizal  returns home.
He gets.
Where she identifies Faizal of exacting revenge for the family.
Fazlu becomes a politician and wins Wasseypur s local elections.
Faizal goes to congratulate him.
Faizal takes over as the new head of the crime syndicate.
He attempts to expand his business interests.
Faizal Khan and Ramadhir Singh meet and discuss the circumstances.
Led. 
Ramadhir gives his consent to retaliate against Sultan Qureshi under the condition.
The Khan-Singh feud come.
Faizal kills Sultan s men.
Who were involved.
Sultan  still oblivious  calls Ramadhir  asking for permission to retaliate.
A 14-yr-old Babua Khan robs local stores.
An opportunistic Definite Khan  Faizal s stepbrother  also a nuisance  aspires to become a gangster.
He grows to idolize Faizal and thus double-crosses Singh.
Being brought up.
Perpendicular is murdered by Sultan Qureshi.
Shamshad Alam  on being caught short-changing Faizal  rats on Faizal s illegal operation to the police and gets him arrested.
Definite attacks Shamshad Alam  grievously injuring him.
Order to gain Faizal s appreciation.
Faizal  however  comes.
Who   is Ramadhir Singh s mole.
Who eventually grows estranged.
Faizal decides to join politics and contest a rigged election.
Sultan in a last-ditch effort  arranges an ambush on the Khan mansion to eliminate Faizal and his whole family but everyone escapes unharmed.
Enraged  during the festivities of Muharram  Sultan s henchman brutally kill Asghar and Nagma at the marketplace  leaving Faizal blind with rage.
Sultan is tracked and gunned down.
Ikhlakh takes Faizal to a deserted place in the intention to kill him but Definite double-crosses Ikhlakh and kills him.
Definite informs Faizal.
Ramadhir is.
Mohsina tells Faizal  leaving very little effect.
They part.
She is pregnant.
Who is determined to kill Ramadhir.
Faizal and Definite reach the hospital along.
Faizal alone slaughters all leaving Definite and the others outside to keep the police at bay.
Faizal kills Shamshad  and finally finds Ramadhir hiding.
Ramadhir quietly accepts his death and sits down viciously pumps several bullets from several rifles into him.
Later  Faizal and Definite   surrender.
Who are the only survivors.
Definite gets down and shoots Faizal.
The police jeep stops.
He walks.
P.
And Durga  knowing fulfilled.
Both their wishes are.
The last scene shows Mohsina and Farhan with Mohsina s and Faizal s son.
Who have relocated to start afresh.
<EOS>
An Englishwoman travels.
Where they deal and adjust to the culture and people of the area.
Told  the story provides insight into the Moroccan atmosphere.
Based by Esther Freud.
<EOS>
Vishnu s father wants to bring up his son to explore the world and hates his Dad s overprotection.
So Vishnu leaves home and goes to work.
He is an orphan.
The owner adopts Vishnu as his son.
Meanwhile Vishnu falls with Radha.
Everything goes fine.
His adoped father shows a photograph and asks Vijay to kill the people if he really wants to prove the affection he has for him.
The man gives the reason.
He wants them killed because they ruined his family.
Vishnu agrees immediately.
He s shocked to see his own father Jaishankar.
Forms the climax.
Vijay gets to solve the mystery.
<EOS>
Sinbad  sailor and Prince  seeks permission from Prince Kassim to marry Kassim s sister  Princess Farah.
But a spell is placed by their evil stepmother  Zenobia.
Turns him just as he was going to be crowned caliph.
Sinbad sets off to find an old Greek alchemist named Melanthius.
Who is said to hold the knowledge to help if anyone can.
Sinbad and his crew find Melanthius and his daughter Dione.
Who agree to help them.
Melanthius tells Sinbad.
They must travel where the ancient civilization of the Arimaspi once existed.
There they will find a shrine.
Where Kassim can be cured.
Zenobia  her son Rafi  and a bronze golem named Minaton  secretly stalk them.
Sinbad and his crew encounter a trio of ghouls  a giant wasp  a giant walrus  a troglodyte  and reanimated sabre-toothed cat.
Zenobia and her son are slain.
Kassim is restored and is crowned caliph.
<EOS>
Ted Cogan is a United States National Guard captain commanding a National Guard unit.
He orders it to stop.
When a van pulls.
It does not.
He orders his men to fire a warning shot.
They shoot up the van instead.
A few booms and crackles later  an Iraqi girl comes out  then the whole thing catches fire.
Ted finds.
They have just killed an innocent family.
Ted tries to save the girl.
The vehicle explodes and Ted s unit is attacked  leaving Ted.
Two weeks later  Ted wakes up and gets to return home in Chicago.
He is suffering.
He feels.
Little does.
Ted know that the terror has only just begun.
He starts having visions.
Who wants him.
He seeks medical support  but his financial situation does not allow him to pay for a treatment.
Ted begins to lose his grip.
The government denies him.
Ted enlists the aid.
It turns out.
Ted is seeing the spirit.
Farzan wants Ted to find his killers.
Whose identities shock Ted.
Max s girlfriend Sammi and their friend Luke were devastated and extremely angry in Iraq.
Max was angry.
What happened in Iraq.
That resulted.
Farzan asked them.
He could fix a flat tire one day.
They took that fury out by brutally killing him.
Sammi and Luke get killed.
Injures Max.
A heartbroken Ted turns Max in  against Molly s wishes.
Max is locked up.
Ted visits him.
<EOS>
Two young troublesome brothers cause disruption  terrorise the people in their village and wreak havoc at school.
<EOS>
Choma is an untouchable.
Who is working along ago.
He is not allowed to till his own land  something.
He desires most.
He can not use them to till the land.
He managed to rear a pair that he found straying in the forest.
He comes.
Who try to convert him giving him the lure.
Choma does not want to let go.
He releases the fury.
Fate has beset  by beating his drum.
He has three sons and a daughter  two work in a distant coffee estate trying to pay off the debt.
One dies of cholera and the other one converts to Christianity by marrying a Christian girl.
His daughter  Belli works and falls for the charm of Manvela  the estate-owner s writer.
She is raped.
Who then writes off Choma s debt.
She returns without telling him of the reality.
His youngest son drowns  with nobody coming to save him because of him being an untouchable.
He then finds his daughter.
He beats her and kicks her out of the house.
To defy his fate  he starts tilling a piece and then chases off his bullock into the forest.
Choma shuts himself in his house and starts playing the drum.
He dies.
<EOS>
A devastating flood strikes London.
When the Thames Barrier is overwhelmed.
A storm surge travels  raising sea levels and coinciding with the spring tide.
Several parts are devastated  including Wick.
The Met Office s head forecaster  Keith Hopkins  mistakenly believes and is.
The storm will head.
Professor Leonard Morrison proves that the approaching surge will break through the Thames Barrier and flood central London.
Leonard had focused his life  to a bitter man.
The barrier was built.
Deputy Prime Minister Campbell.
The prime minister is away.
He begins to evacuate civilians.
The water hits.
He is assisted.
The Thames barrier is raised.
The huge wave overwhelms the barrier and sweeps into the city.
Rob and his wife Sam  both expert engineers  jump to escape.
Leonard is saved and taken to Whitehall.
Where the authority figures desperately require his assistance.
Rob and Sam end up.
They are led.
A fast-moving current kills Bill.
The group find themselves.
Where Rob and Sam are able to contact Leonard.
They end up returning to the barrier.
Where Leonard believes the water flow can be reversed back out  as the tide has turned.
The water level is starting to go down.
But the military s Ashcroft disagrees and prepares to destroy the barrier.
Hopkins  feeling even more guilty  quietly disappears and is later reported to be dead  an apparent suicide.
When thousands are shown on a news report.
Nash is.
Also distraught.
Rob  Sam and Leonard discover.
The controls are now underwater.
One can activate them  but likely will not survive the effort.
Rob and Sam try to decide.
Should go.
Leonard leaves.
He saves London.
Campbell is informed.
The Thames barrier has been activated.
Orders the air strike to be aborted.
Rob and Sam lower.
The Thames barrier and the water flows back out.
<EOS>
The story continues.
Alex has a nightmare.
His friends still stranded and finding.
They have all gotten old.
He then wakes.
The animals present him.
Alex suggests.
They should go to get the penguins to fly them back to New York City  which they agree to.
Mason and Phil  disguised as the King of Versailles  keep winning in gambling until Alex s gang s attempt to reach.
Them blunders and sparks chaos.
The hotel security calls Monaco Animal Control officer Captain Chantel DuBois to deal.
But  DuBois desires their heads  mainly Alex s  as trophies.
A high-speed chase ensues in a truck driven by the penguins to reach their aircraft.
Was. 
The group departs.
The plane s engines fail.
The plane crashes.
The authorities close in.
They come on it  desperately trying to get in.
Gia  a jaguar  sees.
The four zoo animals and Alex is smitten upon first sight of her.
Seeing  the four larger animals desperately claim.
Their only chance is on the circus train.
They are circus animals themselves  which convinces Stefano the sea lion and Gia to let them.
The animals soon learn.
They are performing  where they plan to impress a promoter to get them on their first American tour.
The penguins suddenly appear  resulting in the pleased departure of all the humans.
The zoo animals  claim is discredited.
Meanwhile  King Julien falls with Sonya the bear and goes on a city tour across Rome.
He accidentally breaks her tricycle  and buys her a motorcycle.
Meanwhile the others prepare.
Unfortunately   the circus proves to be so terrible  the angered audience demands refunds  right to going to the point of chasing the circus to the departing train to London.
En route  the zoo gang is in despair of having wasted their money on the failing circus and not any closer to getting home.
Stefano soon reveals.
Vitaly was once their inspiration.
His attempt ended in disaster.
A professional ring jumper who used to leap to excite crowds and was always pushing himself to the limit.
When he burned his fur  which he had coated to slip through the narrow opening  destroying his confidence in his talent and the whole circus suffered by his example.
An inspired Alex then has the train make a stop and convinces the performers to rework their act to become the opposite of the world-famous human-only Cirque du Soleil as an animal-only lights and acrobatic show.
He encourages the animals to try pursuing their ambitions and advises others to change acts.
They are unsuited.
Similarly the zoo animals are trying too.
Heartened  the zoo animals and the circus animals develop sophisticated acts together and become closer friends in the process  especially Alex and Gia.
Who find themselves falling.
Meanwhile  DuBois is arrested and researches Alex  learning.
& detained after causing problems with the local police officers while chasing the animals out of her jurisdiction  but escapes.
He was the missing lion.
Once free  DuBois recruits her injured men  inspiring them  and heads toward the Alps  forcing the animals to proceed to London despite incomplete rehearsals.
The troupe prepares for the promoter in the audience.
Vitaly is discovered packing to leave.
Alex convinces Vitaly to stay by reminding him of and suggests.
He enjoys performing the impossible.
He uses hair conditioner to perform his flaming ring jump.
Vitaly s stunt is performed perfectly.
Proves to be the opening.
DuBois shows up.
The impressed promoter arranges.
Alex was missing.
The lion is forced.
The penguins are able to foil DuBois s plan to capture Alex.
The four are just zoo animals trying to get home  disappointing the others who feel used by these lying amateurs who could have gotten them killed developing and performing their new acts.
Finally  both the ashamed zoo animals and the circus arrive.
However  Gia  Vitaly and Stefano find.
They are ready to forgive their new friends without whom their lives and performances feel woefully incomplete.
Likewise  the zoo group and Julien finally arrive  only to realize.
Their adventure has changed them too much to return and that they were home when they joined the circus.
The zoo animals resolve to return and reconcile with their new friends.
They are then tranquilized and captured.
The zoo staff  delighted  thank DuBois  incorrectly believing.
She was trying to return the missing animals.
Unnoticed  Julien manages to reach the circus.
The penguins realize.
The group had been ambushed.
Gia and Vitaly convince the circus animals to rescue their friends.
They set out  performing aboard a flying circus  with the rescue mission dubbed Operation  Afro Circus Rescue.
Alex awakens to find.
He along are in their enclosures  surrounded by tall chain-link fences.
DuBois steps secretly loads a poison-filled dart into a gun.
She hides to kill Alex.
The circus animals arrive to stop her.
A massive brawl occurs.
Where the circus uses all.
The insane DuBois attempts to kill Stefano.
The group tries to leave.
Who is stranded.
However  Alex saves.
Stefano and all the animals then defeat DuBois and escape.
Heartened  Alex and his friends decide to join the circus permanently.
The animals all happily proceed with their American tour.
Meanwhile  thanks find themselves  oddly enough just like Alex and his friends in the first film  inside shipping crates on a cargo ship bound for the island of Madagascar.
<EOS>
Judah Ben-Hur is a wealthy prince and merchant in Jerusalem.
His childhood friend  the Roman citizen Messala  is now a tribune.
Messala returns as the new commander of the Roman garrison.
Messala believes.
Ben-Hur is devoted.
Messala asks.
Who criticize the Romans.
Ben-Hur refuses.
Ben-Hur lives.
Their loyal slave Simonides is preparing.
Ben-Hur gives Esther her freedom.
The audience is shown.
Ben-Hur and Esther are even though her marriage to another man is imminent.
A tile falls from the roof of Ben-Hur s house.
Gratus is thrown and nearly killed.
He condemns Ben-Hur and imprisons Miriam and Tirzah.
Messala knows this was an accident.
He hopes to intimidate the Jewish populace.
Ben-Hur swears to take revenge.
Dying  Ben-Hur collapses.
When his slave gang arrives.
But a local carpenter gives him water.
Ben-Hur is assigned to the flagship of the Roman Consul Quintus Arrius.
Who has been charged.
Arrius admires Ben-Hur s self-discipline and offers to train him.
Ben-Hur declines the offer  declaring.
God will aid him.
The Roman fleet encounters the Macedonians.
Arrius orders all the rowers to be chained to their benches.
Arrius  galley is rammed and sunk.
Ben-Hur unchains the other rowers  and saves Arrius  life.
Arrius believes the battle ended.
Ben-Hur prevents him.
Ben-Hur and Arrius are rescued.
Arrius is credited.
The consul successfully petitions Emperor Tiberius  and adopts him as his son.
Several years pass.
Now wealthy  Ben-Hur learns Roman ways and becomes a champion charioteer  but longs.
Ben-Hur returns.
He meets Balthasar and an Arab sheik  Ilderim.
The sheik has heard as a charioteer  and asks him to drive his quadriga in a race before the new Judean governor Pontius Pilate.
Ben-Hur declines.
After he learns that champion charioteer Messala will also compete.
Ben-Hur returns.
He meets Esther  and learns.
Her arranged marriage did not occur and that she is still.
He visits Messala and demands his mother and sister s freedom.
The Romans discover.
Miriam and Tirzah contracted leprosy  and expel them from the city.
The women beg Esther to conceal their condition  so she tells him.
His mother and sister died.
It is then.
He changes his mind and decides to seek vengeance by competing against him in the chariot race.
Messala drives a chariot with blades on the hubs to tear apart competing vehicles.
Messala attempts to destroy Ben-Hur s chariot but destroys his own instead.
Messala is mortally injured.
Ben-Hur wins the race.
Messala tells.
The race is not over and that he can find his family  if you can recognize them.
Ben-Hur visits the nearby leper colony.
Where he sees his mother and sister.
Esther hears she heard.
Jesus preach the Sermon  and tells Ben-Hur about the message of peace and forgiveness.
Blaming Roman rule  Ben-Hur rejects his patrimony and Roman citizenship.
Learning  Ben-Hur and Esther take her and Miriam to see Jesus.
Tirzah is dying.
The trial has begun.
Jesus begins his march and stumbles before.
Recognizing Jesus  Ben-Hur attempts to give him water but guards separate them.
Ben-Hur witnesses the crucifixion.
Miriam and Tirzah are miraculously healed.
Ben-Hur tells Esther.
He heard Jesus talk on the cross  and says I felt His voice take the sword out of my hand.
<EOS>
The old man and his lolita are lovers.
They have decided to end it all.
They decide to have a wild ride.
They know one will definitely die before the day is over.
They rob banks  fight the Nazis  do drugs  laugh and dance  kiss  feed the poor  and finally have sex.
However   neither one knows.
Each one holds the revolver.
The other s revolver is loaded.
The ritual has to go on.
<EOS>
Street-wise and poor  Amar Nath makes a living selling cinema tickets and fast-food snacks.
He is taken.
He falls and gets married to Asha  the only daughter of multi-millionaire businessman  Sitaram.
He is promoted.
When he successfully apprehends and kills a terrorist.
Asha shares his joy.
Soon both are informed.
They will soon be proud parents.
Then Amar also apprehends and kills a smuggler  and gets immensely popular with the public  so much so Force.
Shankar Narayan resigns and asks Amar to be the Chair.
It is then.
Pregnant Asha finds out that Amar is not who he claims to be but is a pawn  and now are ready to use him as the Chief Minister so that they can carry on with their nefarious activities.
Watch.
What Asha does to prevent Amar.
<EOS>
Krazy Kat and his spaniel sweetheart are cowpokes.
They were riding and kissing each other.
They found a flyer on a post  promoting a rodeo event.
Offers considerable prize money.
The spaniel ask Krazy to register.
The feline was pretty timid.
Krazy was flattered and became obliged to try his luck.
When the spaniel flirts him.
Krazy enters the venue and meets up.
The other contestants laughed but Krazy kept his cool.
The games begun.
The first challenge involves taming a bodacious bronco.
The first two competitors gave their shot respectively.
They both only lasted a dozen seconds.
Finally  Krazy receives his turn.
However  Krazy was often running away.
The bronco chases him.
Watching and fearing for her boyfriend s life  the spaniel tosses a lasso around the surging steed  stopping it in place.
The bronco  not realizing  thought.
What was going on.
It was.
Capitalizing  Krazy then helds out and vibrates his paws  attempting to use hypnosis.
Though he does not actually possess such ability.
Nevertheless  the naive bronco  still paranoid  obeys the cat s command and went tap dancing.
This was a victory.
Other acts just for entertainment took center stage.
First a trio danced in the field.
Next  Krazy exhibits moves.
Some pintos momentarily took part.
Then came the final challenge.
Where Krazy encounters a fierce bull.
Once more  the cat tries to apply hypnotism.
Recalling  the bull actually believed.
What seemingly happened.
Krazy can control minds  thus taking the feline s order to do a ballet.
Krazy was declared winner of the event.
The spectators were delighted.
Krazy boards his own horse.
He then came and approached his sweetheart.
The spaniel was amazed.
Things turned out  and affectionately asks Krazy to carry her along.
Krazy picks up his canine girlfriend and puts her.
The two set off and run into the horizon.
<EOS>
Eileen Shannon falls with Dr Burton.
However he is a Protestant.
Her strongly Catholic father John refuses to give his consent.
Eileen pleads for his help.
He does not support mixed marriages either.
John is murdered.
Dr Burton is arrested and sentenced to death.
The real murderer confesses to Darcy.
Unable to break the confidence  Darcy admits to the murder.
Dr Burton is freed.
The murderer eventually confesses.
Eileen marries Dr Burton.
<EOS>
A young orphan girl named.
Dau is taught the ways by her grandmother.
But  Dau is lured to find work.
When grandmother falls sick.
That she can buy medicine.
She finds herself working.
Her journey is swift.
She uses the magical skills.
Her grandmother taught her.
The consequences increasingly horrific  she gradually loses control.
Something evil takes over.
Weekly DVD & Blu-Ray Chopping List 20 October.
<EOS>
The main characters are in the public service  most of them in corrupt  negative roles.
There are many villains.
Dharma Rao is the Chairman.
The municipal contractor  a local businessman  and his associates make up the rest.
They use their influence.
The municipal counsellor  however  Ramadasu   is honest and uncorrupted.
Who is also a newspaper editor.
Makes up the plot.
What happens.
<EOS>
Bassi and Edwin are the two laziest  most irresponsible construction workers.
They pretend to be reliable young men and accompany their friends.
When they fall with their neighbors Thea and Susi.
To keep up appearances  the two are forced to undertake several duties.
They would not have dreamed.
The plot turns.
Eventually the two new couples reunite and all ends well.
<EOS>
Lorenzo Shakes Carcaterra  Thomas Tommy Marcano  Michael Sullivan  and John Reilly are four childhood friends.
Who grew up.
The local priest  Father Bobby Carillo  plays a very important part in their lives and keeps an eye on them.
However  early start running small errands for a local gangster  King Benny.
Their lives take a sharp turn.
When they nearly kill a man.
They are all sentenced to serve a year or less at the Wilkinson Home for Boys in Upstate New York.
There  the boys are systematically beaten  abused  and raped.
These traumatic events change the boys and their friendship forever.
Fourteen years later  John and Tommy  now gangsters  find Sean Nokes.
They both shoot him dead in front of 4 witnesses.
Michael  now an assistant District Attorney  arranges to be assigned  secretly intending to botch the prosecution to use it as a means of getting revenge.
Moreover  he and Shakes   begin forging a plan to get their revenge.
Who now works.
Who abused them.
Together  they manage to carry out their revenge using information on all the Wilkinson guards previously compiled by Michael.
They hire Danny Snyder  a washed-up  alcoholic lawyer  to defend John and Tommy to make  allowing them to carry out their plan.
It seem as if the case is hopeless.
However  to clinch the case they need a key witness.
Who can give John and Tommy an alibi.
Shakes has a long talk  and tells him about the abuse.
They suffered.
Father Bobby agrees to lie on the stand about  the priest swears under oath.
Where John and Tommy were.
They were at Madison Square Garden at a New York Knicks basketball game.
They are acquitted.
Ferguson exposes himself and Nokes.
When called in court.
The remaining guards are also punished  Addison is killed by the drug gang run by the older brother of Rizzo  a boy killed years before in the Wilkinson Home.
Styler  a corrupt policeman accused  is exposed and arrested.
Michael quits his job and moves to the English countryside  Tommy is murdered.
The case is over.
Where he becomes a carpenter.
John drinks himself  neither of them see their 30th birthdays.
<EOS>
Sarah Norman is a troubled young deaf woman working of hearing in New England.
An energetic new teacher  James Leeds  arrives and encourages her to set aside her insular life by learning.
To talk.
Sarah resists James s attempts to get her to talk.
She already uses sign language.
Romantic interest develops.
They are soon living together.
Their differences and mutual stubbornness eventually strains their relationship  as he continues to want her to talk.
She feels somewhat stifled.
Sarah leaves James and goes to live  reconciling with her in the process.
However  she and James later find a way to resolve their differences.
<EOS>
Raju is a normal young teenager working.
His dad  a mechanic however  is not normal  he wants his son Raju to actually fall in love.
He was nt able to marry the girl he liked.
He even asks his friends to set him up.
Raju is not interested.
One day he encounters a slight accident.
When dropping his sibling.
Both get incredibly frustrated  blaming each other for the cost.
Somehow they accidentally get each other s phones.
Phone. 
Raju immediately rushes to help saving Sudha s friend.
Sudha then likes Raju and invites him.
And they become great friends.
Raju falls with Suja he attempts to tell her but fails.
She introduced her boyfriend.
When he was about to tell her.
He becomes shattered.
He does nt know.
To tell his family because they were very happy.
So he lies.
Raju is.
Sudha s friend is.
When she rings Sudha it goes because he has her.
<EOS>
Hichem has dreamt.
He was a child.
One day he set forth  on the grand forbidden voyage in a precarious open boat with 27 other Tunisians.
Some of whom were his friends.
Hichem is the only one.
Who has come back.
Other Tunisians tell us  poverty  unemployment  no hope  trapped in a dead end.
They want to leave their country.
They are ready to do anything to improve their situation.
That includes risking their lives.
<EOS>
Sorceresses Lina Inverse and Naga the Serpent take an economy boat trip  destroyed by the demon Joyrock many years earlier  so they can enjoy the hot springs there.
However the two find.
Things are not quite what they seem.
They meet an old time-traveling wizard named Rowdy Gabriev  an ancestor of Gourry Gabriev.
Who aids.
<EOS>
The film first looks.
Who made his career.
He directed the unlikely hit  Jolly Fellows.
Alexandrov went on to create other propagandistic musicals.
Details the story to become singers.
These musicals starred his wife  Lyubov Orlova.
Next  the film examines East German musical films  to Sing.
Earned a great deal.
Its Western message may not have gelled with critics.
Ultimately  the freezing doomed these musicals.
Came. 
<EOS>
The film begins in Wyoming Territory.
Where new settlers join the cattle business.
The narrator explains.
Established ranchers use the so-called maverick law  while sharp-witted men take advantage of the resulting conflict.
Jim Averell is shown exhorting settlers to elect him governor to defend them against cattle barons such as Reece Duncan.
The famous stage performer Kate Maxwell arrives.
When Averell s speech is over.
Averell has arranged to operate both a cattle-buying business and a saloon.
Duncan warns Kate.
He will kill anyone caught stealing cattle.
Sheriff Stan Blaine warns her.
The tension rises.
The settlers search hired by Averell steal Duncan s cattle.
Averell designed the K-M brand in such a way.
Her branding iron completely covers Duncan s bar double check brand when applied directly.
He makes it clear.
When Averell explains this trick.
She will be hanged if she informs the authorities.
Duncan refuses her offer to support him.
Meanwhile  unknown gunfighters assemble.
One shoots a settler.
One is killed  with Kate s branding iron left near the body.
Duncan attempts to stop a cattle roundup organized.
To further increase the tension  Averell offers Duncan his support immediately after inciting their anger against Duncan.
Averell s plan is to ignite a cattle war and promote his own political career.
The war has begun.
However  Blaine discovers Averell s plan.
They stage a fake war.
Blaine and Kate have explained it.
Blaine forces Averell to signal his men.
They begin a gunfight.
When the outlaws ride.
Kate catches him stealing money from the saloon.
She and Blaine kill him.
When he tries to shoot her.
Blaine prepares to leave town.
Kate persuades him to stay.
The film ends.
They ride away to inspect some farmland.
<EOS>
= A teenage gothic band heads.
Not many of the young band members talked too much.
Their manager Hans keeps complaining why he s the one who should drive.
Meanwhile  Tonee and Ian   ignored each other.
Who were long-estranged couple.
Vince  the band s leader and Richard have a small commotion.
To be stopped.
The group stopped beside the road.
The others decided to relax.
Vince and Dang disappeared.
The two latter confronted each other  Vince revealed.
He will be leaving them soon  a fact that Dang objects strongly.
Back  Lucio  a local townsfolk  warned them to stay in sight.
They might be kidnapped.
He then told  the latter was gathering firewood.
When he was suddenly grabbed.
He then also explained.
The engkanto was the reason why they are lost.
Worse  the bus ran out  forcing the band to take refuge in an abandoned resort.
Dang  Ian and Tonee then encountered a young and beautiful woman clad.
Tonee and Ian asked.
Where is the beach.
They followed the woman s directions but were lost.
Tonee lost her temper.
Ian wants to court the young woman.
Accidentally  he was bitten.
Who revealed to be the engkanto.
Vince then encountered Paeng  the aforementioned boy.
Who was kidnapped.
He  Dang and Richard demanded.
Who did this and who is this.
The engkanto summoned her slaves.
They speak.
Hans   was bitten.
Who was looking.
Meanwhile  Dang met a retreating Tonee informing the former and made her slave.
Ian was killed.
Sadly  Tonee too was choked.
Paeng and Vince then lured the slaves  discovering.
They fear water.
They formulated a plan  he and Dang will ward off the slaves.
Paeng  Richard and Tikoy refilled the bus s gas.
Paeng then noticed the tree  this was supposed to be the engkanto s lair.
They must burn it to kill the engkanto.
The engkanto   rushes and choked him hardly.
Who stopped for she fears water.
The young man can hear  he was the one.
What the latter was saying.
She need.
Paeng  meanwhile tossed the matches  burning the tree and killing the engkanto.
The remaining band members visit Paeng s home.
All things seem to be alright.
Where his father warmly welcomed him.
But  something went horribly wrong  no matter the engkanto s home was burned down  she will only move into a new dwelling.
She is a spirit.
Mang Lucio was right  Richard was kidnapped and was never seen again.
<EOS>
Ryan Bingham works.
He makes his living traveling and informing workers of their dismissals in place of their employers.
Who fear doing it themselves.
Ryan also delivers motivational speeches  using the metaphor.
What s.
Ryan relishes his perpetual travels.
Already entitled by American Airlines  his personal ambition is to earn ten million frequent flyer miles.
He meets another frequent flyer  Alex.
Traveling. 
They begin a casual relationship  meeting.
Whenever they can arrange to cross paths.
Ryan is unexpectedly called back in Omaha  Nebraska.
An ambitious  freshly graduated new hire  Natalie Keener  is promoting a plan to cut costs.
Ryan argues.
Natalie knows nothing  live or not  as she has never fired anyone and does not know how to handle upset people.
He plays the role to show her inexperience.
His boss assigns him to take Natalie on his next round of terminations  much to his annoyance.
Natalie is visibly disturbed by firing people face to face.
Natalie questions Ryan s philosophy.
They travel together and become better acquainted.
He is satisfied.
Natalie is shattered.
When her boyfriend unceremoniously dumps her.
Ryan and Alex try to comfort her.
Natalie later lectures Ryan  and becomes infuriated  she apologizes later.
Soon afterwards they are ordered back to begin implementing Natalie s program.
There are problems  one laid-off man breaks down in tears before the camera.
She is unable to comfort him.
Ryan convinces Alex to accompany him to his younger sister Julie s wedding near Milwaukee  Wisconsin.
Julie had him take photos in various places.
They can not afford a honeymoon trip.
Ryan s older sister talks Ryan.
When Jim gets cold feet.
He persuades Jim.
This runs counter.
Everyone needs a co-pilot and the important moments are rarely unshared.
The wedding takes place.
Ryan begins having second thoughts.
He starts to deliver his What s.
He flies to Alex s home in Chicago  Illinois.
He is stunned to discover  Ryan leaves.
When she opens the door.
She is a married woman.
She later tells him.
He is simply an escape.
He is unable to answer.
When she asks him what he wants out.
The crew announces.
Ryan has just crossed the ten-million-mile mark.
The airline s chief pilot comes out.
He notes  Ryan   shows little emotion.
Ryan is the youngest person to reach the milestone.
Who had been preparing.
Back  Ryan calls the airline to transfer five hundred thousand miles each to the newlyweds  enough.
Them to fly around the world.
His boss then tells Ryan.
Natalie fired has killed herself.
As she warned them she would  and that when Natalie found out  she quit.
Ryan claims to have no memory.
The company puts the remote-layoff program.
Ryan is once again back.
Natalie applies.
The interviewer is puzzled  she tells him.
She chose to work.
She followed a boy.
He hires her.
The film concludes.
<EOS>
They meet again two weeks later in a secret assignation in Hanover Street.
Sellinger and Halloran rapidly fall.
She is married.
She tries to resist  but is drawn.
Paul Sellinger is  by his own description  suave  pleasant  but fairly dull.
A former teacher  he is now a trusted member.
Halloran is subsequently sent to deliver a British agent.
Sellinger takes the place of the agent.
Himself joins the mission.
His reasons are initially unclear.
He slowly reveals.
He wants to prove himself.
Flying is hit  killing the rest of the crew.
The sole survivors  Halloran and Sellinger have to work together especially.
The agent injures his ankle.
Sellinger s mission is to arrive and  posing as an SS officer  photograph an important document.
Lists the German.
Halloran agrees to help Sellinger.
Making contact  they disguise themselves as German SS officers and steal the documents.
SS troops raise the alarm.
The pair manage to escape  and make it back to the same farm.
Where they had received assistance.
However  they are betrayed and are forced to flee again  pursued by hundreds of Nazi troops.
Halloran and Sellinger must work together.
Order to survive.
Sellinger s wife finds out.
Halloran and Sellinger are together and have come back home.
Her husband is wounded but alive.
Going to visit him  she meets Lt.
Halloran.
The embrace and kiss.
He tells her.
He loves her enough to let her go  she goes in to see her husband  while he goes out.
<EOS>
A group attempt to defend a derelict house.
Where a nun cares.
The house is bombed.
They fire the last they have gathered from the floor.
<EOS>
Tun and Tao are friends.
Who enjoy spending time together.
Tao has the bad habit  however.
Always results.
Tao is dealer  but his real vocation is gambling.
He frequently bets.
He finally wins some money and decides to pay back a 100000 baht loan and also treat Tun to a big night out at the city s finest karaoke club.
The shy  portly Tun meets.
A young woman  Nok  shares a duet  and ends up taking her back to his house.
The next morning  Nok disappears.
It turns out.
She is the mistress.
Tao paid her to sleep with his friend.
Tun  a dealer  becomes obsessed with finding Nok.
He gives the 100000 baht pimp.
He received to a transvestite.
Who might have a lead.
Tun  meanwhile  is involved  and has become beholden to Mee and a rival kingpin  Moo  in obtaining a rare amulet.
Who are both interested.
Tao has.
Tao ends up perpetuating the kidnapping of a wealthy American man s daughter  and holding her for 3 million baht ransom.
Also  a shadowy female assassin has entered the picture to complicate matters.
<EOS>
The cybernetics market is dominated by two rival companies  USA s Pinwheel Robotics and Japan s Kobayashi Electronics.
Cyborgs are commonplace  used from soldiers to prostitutes.
Casella Reese is a protoype cyborg developed.
She is filled.
Pinwheel plans to eliminate the entire Kobayashi board by using Casella.
Casella is programmed to mimic human senses and emotions.
Guided.
Who can communicate.
She can avoid.
Most corporate espionage cyborgs face.
They re relentlessly pursued.
<EOS>
The film starts.
Where he tells the story to a priest.
The story begins.
When his father s death results.
He is mentored  the two begin to collaborate on scientific experiments.
One night.
Which they bring a dead dog back.
They create a human life.
Krempe assists Victor.
The body parts are assembled from a corpse found swinging on a gallows and both hands and eyes purchased from charnel house workers.
Victor seeks out an aging and distinguished professor so.
The monster can have a sharp mind and the accumulation.
He invites the professor  but subsequently pushes him off the top of a straircase  killing him in.
What appears to be an accident.
Victor proceeds  but Krempe finds him there.
The professor is buried.
The brain is damaged.
Frankenstein finally brings life.
All assembled.
Unfortunately  the creature does not have the professor s intelligence and is both violent and psychotic.
Frankenstein creates.
Frankenstein locks the creature up.
It escapes and kills an old blind man.
It encounters.
Victor and Krempe hunt it down  shoot it  and bury it.
Frankenstein digs up and revives the creature.
Krempe leaves town.
He uses it to murder his maid  Justine.
When she threatens to tell the authorities.
Eventually  however  the creature escapes again and threatens Victor s bride  Elizabeth.
Victor again pursues it.
This time burns it  causing it to fall into a bath of acid.
Its body is completely dissolved  leaving no proof.
Victor is imprisoned.
He implores the returning Krempe to testify  but Krempe refuses.
It was the creature that killed Justine.
Frankenstein is led away to be executed.
The viewer is left uncertain or simply the ravings.
Whether Frankenstein s story is true.
<EOS>
Madhava is a doctor.
A single appearance has made him the heartthrob of thousands of girls.
He marries Simi.
A revelation separates them and takes them as far as divorce.
They remain friends though  even going so far as to fix up each other s second marriages.
Simi decides to get Madhava married at his hospital.
He tries to fix up her marriage.
Wedding are on the same date.
Unfortunately Azhagu then marries his housemaid due.
Chella s parents find out and call off the wedding.
Madhava and Simi remarry.
Chella marries Vivek  Madava s colleague.
Who was interested ever since he became Madhava s disciple in the hospital.
<EOS>
The story focuses.
He happens to be an ambitious TV cameraman  working.
His opposite person is the Chief Minister.
Threaten to touch.
To set things right  he then appears.
Who had coincidentally captured the CM s earlier unwillingness to take a stand.
The CM ducks the question by instead talking about  and by challenging Pugazh to be the CM for one day.
Difficult his job is.
Pugazh reluctantly accepts the seat in the place of Aranganathan.
Educated and vigilant  Pugazh moves fast.
He takes care  giving the slum their rightful apartments and getting jobs for the unemployed  suspending inefficient and corrupt government officers.
All the way he is assisted.
He gets Aranganathan arrested.
He is the root.
But Aranganathan bails out  passes an ordinance to nullify all orders passed.
When he was the CM.
Taking Pugazh s success  Aranganathan sends goons to get.
Him killed and destroys his house.
Meanwhile Pugazh falls with an innocent village girl called Thenmozhi.
But her father wants his daughter s suitor to be a government civil worker.
So he starts preparing for the Indian Civil Service Examination.
When his earlier secretary comes in and tells him that Pugazh s popularity has rocketed sky-high and people want him to become the next CM.
He refuses but then Aranganathan s henchman attacks the Q TV news agency.
Mayakrishnan then tells Pugazh.
Aranganathan will never leave him.
Pugazh s lawsuit is bound to fail.
But Thenmozhi s father dissuades Pugazh.
However  he agrees to stand in the elections.
He wins by full majority.
But Thenmozhi s father angered refuses to let his daughter marry him.
Here  Aranganathan s political allies desert him causing his defeat.
Pugazhendhi brings about lots of improvements and quickly becomes an idol in the people s eyes.
However his growing popularity is image.
Is threatened continuously.
But Pugazh promptly answers.
This  however  causes a reunion.
A bomb is detonated at his home killing his parents.
His P.
A.
To destroy law and order and cause bomb explosions.
But a priest is able to overhear a few men planning to detonate bombs.
He immediately notifies Pugazh s office.
Aranganathan s P.
A.
Is arrested and by Pugazh and his secretary  he discloses the location of the bombs.
A Bomb Squad successfully defuses all the bombs.
Aranganathan  however  uses this success by blaming the young CM for the bomb.
Seeing no way out  Pugazh summons Aranganathan and creates a situation such.
It would seem as if Aranganathan was there to shoot Pugazh but failed.
The security guards shoot down Aranganathan killing him.
Pugazh  secretly tells Mayakrishnan the truth.
Mayakrishnan believes.
Aranganathan deserved it.
Thenmozhi s father also comes to realize.
Pugazh is in fact a great man who sees duty and allows Thenmozhi to marry him.
The final scene shows Tamil Nadu developing over the years.
<EOS>
Jonah Hex served as a Confederate cavalryman.
His commanding officer  Quentin Turnbull  a general who is obsessed with the fall of the Union  ordered him to burn down a hospital.
Hex refused  and was forced to kill his best friend  Turnbull s son Jeb.
Burke  a psychopathic man  tie up Hex and force him to watch.
Who often takes pleasure.
His house is burned down.
Turnbull then brands Hex s face and leaves him to die of thirst or exposure.
Days later  American Indians find Jonah and revive him.
It is stated.
They did manage to bring Jonah   back from the dead.
They could nt bring all back.
Temporarily resurrect and communicate  bringing the corpse physically and mentally back to its condition prior to death.
A result Jonah acquired the ability  as long as he maintains physical contact with the corpse.
It is also explained.
The fresher the dead  the quicker that body begins to burn up as they are being touched.
The corpse instantaneously reverts back.
Contact is broken.
Hex satisfies his hunger by turning to bounty hunting.
When Turnbull apparently dies.
Hex rides into the town of Stunk Crick with four dead outlaws and demands his bounty  only to realize.
The mayor and sheriff have no intention.
Hex instead kills them and several sheriff s deputies  collects his bounty  and leaves.
Turnbull  alive and well  orchestrates the hijacking of a train carrying components of a classified weapon  slaughtering its military guards and civilian passengers alike.
President Grant surmises.
When informed.
Turnbull is planning a terrorist attack  during the celebration of the American centennial.
Grant instructs Army Lieutenant Grass to find Hex and hire him to stop Turnbull.
Jonah goes and spends the night with Lilah  a prostitute attracted to the disfigured man for more than just professional reasons.
Grass  men burst in and tell Jonah.
Jonah prepares to leave the next morning.
Turnbull is still alive.
They show him a captured thug.
Who told them Turnbull is headed northwest.
But Jonah briefly resurrects the man and learns  the best is tell  ex-Colonel Slocum.
He has no knowledge.
He can do.
Who recruited him.
Who is running an illegal deathmatch pavilion  to the southeast.
Turnbull tracks down and steals the remaining components of the weapon.
He is seeking.
Slocum refuses to talk  sarcastically telling Hex to ask Turnbull s dead son  Jeb.
When Hex confronts Slocum.
Where his father is.
Jonah then overpowers Slocum s men and throws Slocum himself  to be killed by his own fighters.
Jonah frees a dog being tormented by Slocum s handlers.
Starts to follow him around.
Jonah digs up and resurrects Jeb Turnbull.
Jonah apologizes  and says.
His father has to be stopped before he murders more people.
Jeb reveals.
His father is  and then returns to the afterlife.
Hex sees plans for the superweapon.
Turnbull has stolen and assembled.
Turnbull explains to Burke.
The weapon was designed.
S.
Military. 
They refrained.
Jonah confronts Turnbull  killing several.
Turnbull escapes and Hex receives a near-fatal wounding  but is able to escape.
He collapses  hovering near death for several days.
Turnbull  anticipating  sends Burke to bring him something.
Hex will return.
Hex loves.
Burke kidnaps Lilah.
Turnbull test-fires the superweapon.
Is leveled.
His aide reports.
When President Grant receives the news.
They have no idea where Turnbull will strike  and that they do not have enough military manpower to guard all the centennial celebrations.
Hex is found.
Who perform a ceremony that heals Jonah.
Back  he relays a message to Lt.
Grass Washington  D.
Turnbull plans to attack.
C.
Then rides alone to stop him.
Burke spots him and attacks him.
When Jonah attempts to infiltrate the harbor where Turnbull s ironclad warship is anchored.
Hex overpowers and kills him  then uses his powers to bring Burke back  just to incinerate his body completely.
Jonah prepares to shoot.
Turnbull but Turnbull holds Lilah and forces Jonah to surrender.
Turnbull chains Jonah and Lilah and tells Jonah.
He wants him to watch as the Union is destroyed.
The ship leaves harbor and steams.
C.
A monitor commanded.
Grass intercepts Turnbull  but is quickly destroyed.
Has been mounted.
Lilah picks her handcuffs and frees herself and Jonah.
She holds off the guards.
Jonah rushes up.
The weapon blankets Washington.
Turnbull gives the order shell to be launched.
But Hex and Turnbull s fight takes them down.
Where Hex throws his tomahawk  trapping the trigger shell.
He then brutally beats Turnbull and traps his neck  before saving Lilah.
The pair jump.
As the trigger shell ignites.
The next day  President Grant rewards Jonah and offers him a job as Sheriff of the United States.
Jonah declines  but assures the president.
If they need him  they ll be able to find him.
Lilah is waiting outside the White House.
They leave the city together.
Jonah visits Jeb s grave to apologize for having to kill his father  then rides out of the cemetery with his dog.
<EOS>
Ramakrishnan has a suspicious-minded wife  Mythili.
Who thinks he is always having an affair  even though he is extremely faithful to her and would nt dream of betraying her in any way.
Vishva has been married.
Seemingly unknown  he has been having several affairs with numerous gorgeous women.
She reveals.
She knew all along and thought that he would change.
There is also Ramakrishnan s friend Thiru.
Who falls accidentally.
Ramakrishnan meets Tilotama.
Who is a call girl.
Mythili goes.
Which point Thilothama arrives to meet Ramakrishnan.
Ramakrishnan considers sleeping but determines not to have the affair.
But his wife  having forgotten something  comes back just to see her husband with Thilothama.
Then some fun and twists come.
They all get caught.
Ramakrishnan s wife wants divorce.
Ramakrishnan manages to convince his wife.
He is true.
They live happily ever.
Thiru settles down as well.
Ramakrishnan discovers that his wife is pregnant.
<EOS>
The structure is  in large part  retained  a series of parables from the gospel of Matthew  interspersed with musical numbers.
Many take advantage of well-known sites around New York City.
John the Baptist gathers a diverse band to follow and learn from the teachings of Jesus.
These disciples then proceed to form a roving acting troupe.
Enacts Jesus s parables.
They often make references to vaudeville shtick.
.
<EOS>
Some American and Australian airmen tell the story of Charles.
It starts with him recovering from a wound incurred in fighting over the Western Front.
Kingsford-Smith is rewarded and is determined to make a career out of flying.
He visits America and has a brief romance.
Kay Sutton but later falls with and marries Mary Powell.
He attempts to enter the England but is stopped by Prime Minister Billy Hughes.
He then decides to become the first person to fly to Australia across the Pacific.
He does.
The trip called the Southern Cross and becomes world famous.
Kingsford-Smith attempts to set up his own airline but is not successful and is forced to take people to make a living.
He breaks another record  crossing the Pacific to the US in a single engine aeroplane with P.
G.
Taylor.
He almost dies flying  and retires the Southern Cross.
He flies from Australia to England and disappears over the Indian Ocean.
<EOS>
Retired security intelligence agent Iskender Buyuk has kept his government s secrets.
Isekender finds himself  with only young and inexperienced lawyer Ayse to represent his interests.
When the men he has sworn to protect suddenly deserts him.
Angered  Iskender decides to strike back against his one-time employers by revealing all.
He knows.
<EOS>
In 1989  Alexander Reschke and Alexandra Piatkowska first meet on their way to a cemetery.
Both are survivors.
When many people were displaced as borders were re-drawn according to new treaties.
But they discover.
Displacement and war is not all they have.
They have both been widowed and due - they share the belief.
Survivors should have the right to be returned home for burial.
Their ambitions become entwined.
Their love affair grows.
The pair establishes a Cemetery to show.
Old hatreds are now dead.
They form a company  their good intentions are corrupted.
That arranges to be buried in their original country but as the money rolls in.
<EOS>
Scientist Dr Klaus Schmidt observes young Erik Lensherr bend a metal gate with his mind.
When the child is separated.
Schmidt orders Lensherr to move a coin on a desk  killing his mother.
When Lensherr can not.
Lensherr s magnetic power manifests  killing two guards and destroying the room.
Meanwhile   young telepath Charles Xavier meets young shape-shifter Raven.
Whose natural form is blue.
Overjoyed to meet someone else different  he invites her to live as his foster sister.
Eighteen years later  Lensherr is tracking down Schmidt.
Xavier is graduating.
CIA officer Moira MacTaggert  disguised as a stripper  follows U.
S.
Army Colonel Hendry.
Where she sees Schmidt  telepathic Emma Frost  and teleporter Azazel.
Threatened and teleported by Azazel to the War Room  Hendry advocates the deployment of nuclear missiles in Turkey.
Hendry later is killed.
MacTaggert  seeking Xavier s advice  takes him and Raven to the CIA.
Where they convince the Director John McCone.
Shaw is a threat.
Another CIA executive sponsors the mutants and invites them.
MacTaggert and Xavier find Shaw  rescuing Lensherr.
Lensherr is attacking him.
Xavier brings Lensherr.
Where they meet young scientist Hank McCoy  a mutant  who believes Raven s DNA may provide a cure for their appearance.
Xavier uses McCoy s mutant-locating device Cerebro to seek recruits.
Xavier and Lensherr recruit stripper Angel Salvadore.
Later  taxi driver Armando Munoz  Army prisoner Alex Summers  and Sean Cassidy join  and code-name themselves Darwin  Havok  and Banshee  respectively.
Raven dubs herself Mystique.
Xavier and Lensherr also approach Wolverine.
Who profanely declines.
Xavier and Lensherr capture her and learn and trigger mutant ascendency.
When Frost meets.
Meanwhile  Azazel  Riptide and Shaw attack Division X  killing everyone  and asks them to join him.
Angel accepts   Shaw absorbs Havok s energy blast and uses it to kill Darwin.
When Havok and Darwin retaliate.
Xavier takes the mutants.
Shaw compels the general to have the USSR install missiles in Cuba.
Shaw  wearing a helmet  shadows the Soviet fleet to ensure the missiles arrive.
Foils Xavier s telepathy.
Raven  thinking tells him not to use the cure  but.
McCoy likes her.
When he tells her that she is not attractive she instead attempts to seduce Lensherr.
Lensherr instead tells her.
She is as beautiful as she is  and kisses her.
Using the cure backfires  rendering McCoy a blue beast.
McCoy pilots a variant jet.
To take the mutants and MacTaggert  where Lensherr uses his magnetic power to lift Shaw s submarine from the water and deposit it on a nearby island.
Lensherr seizes Shaw s helmet  allowing Xavier to immobilize Shaw.
Lensherr tells Shaw  kills Shaw -- -- by forcing a Nazi coin through his brain.
He shares Shaw s exclusivist view  to avenge his mother.
Fearing the mutants  both fleets fire their missiles.
Lensherr turns back.
Xavier keeps Lensherr from destroying the fleets with the missiles.
A deflected bullet hits Xavier.
When MacTaggert shoots.
Lensherr leaves.
A wheelchair-bound Xavier and his mutants return.
Where he intends to open a school.
MacTaggert promises never to reveal his location.
They kiss  later  she says.
She has no clear memory.
Lensherr later frees Frost  now calling himself Magneto.
<EOS>
The relationship between Martin and Claire is at an impasse.
His mother s death suddenly calls Martin back to deal with inheritance formalities  the town.
Where he spent his childhood.
He is helped by a family friend  Linda and the neighbourhood.
Who takes him.
He grew up.
This return provokes several buried memories.
Appear to disturb Martin.
Martin goes to Tijuana in Mexico  looking for Lola  a close friend of his mother s.
He tracks her down  a club.
Where Lola works.
However  to find resolution  Martin must face up.
Salma Hayek Goes Dancing.
12 May 2011Exclusive  First Footage & New Pics Salma Hayek & Mathieu Demy Indiewire.
7 September.
<EOS>
Circus man Karel Cernik struggles to keep together his beloved Cirkus Cernik.
Belonged before being nationalized by the Communist government.
The government allows Cernik to manage the circus.
He grapples.
Whom everyone suspects.
Cernik wants to end a budding romance and roustabout Joe Vosdek.
Who has been for only a year.
Cernik is interrogated.
N.
B.
State security.
He is not performing the Marxist propaganda.
Cernik explains.
The skits were not funny  and that audiences prefer his usual act.
The S.
N.
B.
Chief orders.
Him to resume the required act  and to dismiss a longtime trouper who calls herself The Duchess.
Propaganda minister Fesker casually asks him  alerting Cernik to a spy in his midst.
Cernik is fined and released.
Fesker believes that he is a threat.
Cernik  inspired from behind the Iron Curtain  has decided to escape over the border to Bavaria.
Cernik suspects.
Joe is the spy.
Unknown  Tereza has learned.
Joe is actually a deserter who is planning an escape attempt of his own.
Cernik s longtime rival Barovik visits and reveals.
He knows.
Barovik assures Cernik.
Because they are both circus men  that he will not betray him.
Cernik agrees to leave.
Realizing  Cernik discovers.
He must act swiftly.
Krofta  who has worked  is actually the spy.
Cernik ties up Krofta but is confronted about a travel permit.
He issues to catch Cernik.
Fesker is about to pursue the circus.
When he is arrested for issuing the travel permit.
Joe reveals himself.
Who incorporates him.
Krofta escapes  but is stopped by Cernik from warning the border guards.
Krofta mortally wounds him.
Using an audacious and violent dash  most of the circus safely escape only to be told.
Cernik has paid.
Obeying his dying wish  Zama orders.
The troupe to march on.
<EOS>
A collision between two alien spaceships occurs.
The collision unleashes a capsule.
Heads. 
The capsule collides  causing an explosion.
The capsule lands.
The capsule  full  attracts sharks.
The sharks eat the crystals  eating anyone and attacking anything.
Cause them to become vicious killers.
Comes. 
Now  the researchers are stuck underneath the Bermuda Triangle.
The Navy attempts to rescue them.
Many people die.
<EOS>
Outside is a science-fiction film set.
Where people are isolated.
A young woman is forced to confront her fears of the unknown.
When she makes contact.
<EOS>
Serafino is a.
Who never attended school.
He relishes the simple life.
He is a troublemaker.
When he is called up and has to serve in a big city.
Eventually the military decides to send him home early.
He discovers.
When he returns home.
His cousin Lidia has become an attractive woman.
He neglects his old friend Asmara and starts a secret love affair.
But  Lidia acts as greedy.
When their old aunt Gesiuna dies.
Her whole family and Serafino openly resents that.
Has chosen Serafino as her heir.
Serafino does nt hesitate to squander the money.
This is unbearable.
Who therefore decides to have Serafino placed.
Serafino tries to defend himself.
He does nt take the matter seriously and gloats.
Military could nt deal neither.
The judge decides against him.
Even so  Lidia s father can not just spend Serafino s money.
Yet he learns and then his wife would be allowed to spend his money.
Serafino can still marry.
Little later he tries to force Serafino.
But again Serafino pretends to be to comply.
Once again this is successful.
He marries Asmara and reprises his work as a shepherd.
<EOS>
The honorable Judge William Priest enforces justice in an old Kentucky town.
The film begins.
Jeff Poindexter  a black man  has been accused.
He is reading a newspaper.
Judge Priest is presiding.
Senator Horace Maydew argues the plaintiff s case.
No one  but Senator Maydew  seems to care about the case.
Jeff Poindexter sleeps.
Judge Priest asks the sheriff up Jeff Poindexter.
Senator Maydew is finished.
Become very excited.
When Jeff reveals he got his name in attendance.
They praise Major Poindexter s ability to lick the Yankees.
Senator Maydew complains.
The confederate veterans reminisce.
Such history has nothing to do.
Judge Priest says.
It is relevant because Major Poindexter would often steal Yankee chickens.
Next  Jeff reveals.
He was only trying.
Judge Priest  a fishing enthusiast himself  has a discussion.
Jeff lives with Judge Priest.
Judge Priest is sitting.
When his nephew  Rome  returns up north.
Rome discovers.
His lover  Elli May  has found another man.
Rome s mom  Caroline  is happy  a girl Caroline believes.
Rome will not be intermingling.
Is not fit.
Caroline does not like Elli May.
Her father absent.
Judge Priest   counters Caroline.
Who desperately wants to see Elli May and Rome together.
The Priest family has never stood.
That evening Elli May has her new lover  the Barber Flem Talley.
Flem Talley had been drinking.
He arrived.
Elli May is not happy.
Judge Priest   devises a plan to scare Flem away.
Who had been observing Elli May and Flem next door.
Judge Priest hides and plays out a monologue.
Elli May goes inside to prepare some lemonade  leaving Flem alone.
He pretends to be gossiping with shotguns coming to get Flem Talley.
The Judge confesses.
He can do nothing until after the gang has committed murder.
Then he will make sure.
The gang gets the justice they deserve.
There was no gang.
The Judge successfully succeeds.
Flem gets and leaves in a hurry.
Judge Priest sends Rome.
Who was unaware  over to Elli May s house.
Rome arrives.
As Elly May comes out.
That night Judge Priest goes out to sit next.
She died.
The film takes place.
Nonetheless  Judge Priest shows no interest.
He reveals.
Judge Priest sits next.
Senator Maydew has his eye.
Judge Priest watches  unobserved.
Bob Gillus places flowers next s tombstone.
Judge Priest is confused.
He does not contemplate it further.
The next morning Judge Priest goes.
Confederate veteran Jimmy tells Judge Priest.
He is cleaning his gun because one never knows what the Yankees are going to do.
Judge Priest notices Bob has a bullet scar.
When Judge Priest talks.
Bob refuses to elaborate.
When Judge Priest brings up the bullet scar.
Judge Priest leaves town to go catfish fishing.
Judge Priest asks Jeff to prepare the beef liver bait.
Jeff explains  Looks like that liver done walk off by itself.
Judge Priest  just slightly irritated  sends Jeff to get more bait.
Jeff throws his shoes and walks toward town.
Judge Priest asks him.
He does not put.
Jeff replies  I m saving them.
When my feet wear out.
As much sitting around  responds Judge Priest.
You do it wo nt be your feet that wear out.
Jeff and Judge Priest return home to prepare.
Judge Priest tells Jeff.
He is not allowed to wear his nice raccoon coat.
Jeff says.
It is rabbit fur.
Judge Priest explains.
It is raccoon fur because he took it.
The Black women are busy preparing the taffy.
The Black women happily sing songs.
They work.
Judge Priest runs upon entering the churchyard.
Reverend Brand scolds Judge Priest.
Reverend Brand clearly favors Judge Priest.
Senator Maydew attends church every Sunday.
Judge Priest confesses.
He does not have the grammar or rhetoric that Senator Maydew possesses.
Meanwhile  Senator Maydew tells church members.
He will not make the race.
By stating this  Senator Maydew is making it clear.
He believes Judge Priest s personality is not fit.
Rome s mom  Caroline  pairs Rome.
When the candy pull begins.
Virginia is the Senator s daughter.
Caroline feels.
Virginia is well suited because she is from an affluent family.
Rome   would rather be paired with Elli May.
Judge Priest rescues Rome.
Judge Priest tells Rome and Virginia.
He will take Rome s place while he gets more butter.
Rome  realizing  leaves the Candy Pull.
His Uncle has come to relieve him.
Judge Priest goes to get a haircut from barber Flem Talley.
Elli May strolls.
The Judge is receiving his haircut.
Flem whistles loudly.
Bob Gillus   stands up and punches Flem.
Who had been waiting.
Judge Priest applauds Bob Gillus.
Flem and his friends plan their revenge.
They hide.
They plan.
Ambushed. 
When Bob Gillus gets.
He pulls a knife.
Gillus is arrested and hires Rome to defend him in court.
Rome is ecstatic.
Bob is his first client.
Caroline   is not happy.
Her son is defending an outcast northerner.
Elli May  the girl  tells Caroline.
Who Bob stood up.
She knows Caroline does not believe she is good enough.
However  Elli May says   Rome would not be good enough.
Rome were half as mean.
Senator Maydew   asks Judge Priest to step down from the bench because of his nephew s participation in the case as well as the Judge s direct involvement at the barbershop.
Who represents Flem.
Judge Priest obliges and appoints the honorable Floyd Bailey to serve.
Rome is unable to convince the jury.
Bob is innocent.
The jury consists.
Who show no sympathy from up north.
All that remains is closing arguments.
That evening  Reverend Brand tells Judge Priest.
Bob Gillus is Elli May s father.
Judge Priest realizes.
This changes the whole nature.
Judge Priest offers his raccoon coat for delivering a letter of evidence to Senator Maydew.
Order to reopen the case.
Judge Priest asks Jeff to play his drums.
Jeff says.
He can play the popular Union song Marching.
Judge Priest tells Jeff  I got you outta one lynching.
I catch you playing Marching I ll join the lynchers.
The next morning Judge Priest and Rome represent Bob Gillus together.
They bring Reverend Brand up.
Reverend Brand tells the jury.
He served for the Southern Confederacy.
Reverend Brand recounts.
He took men off the chain gang.
One was Bob Gillus.
Reverend Brand explains.
Brave Bob was as he fought.
Jeff and his black friends play celebratory music.
Reverend Brand recounts stories.
Finally  Reverend Brand reveals.
He knew Bob Gillus.
Bob Gillus  Reverend Brand tells the jury  is Elli May Gillespiere s father.
Elli Mae   is shocked to hear this.
Who was.
The jury began celebrating their war hero  Bob Gillus.
Later that day  the town held its annual veteran s parade.
Bob Gillus had the honor.
<EOS>
Trapeze artistes  Vijay and Radha  also known  love each other.
Radha s father G.
D.
Sapru manages the circus.
Which they work.
Radha misses Vijay  falls down to ground and is hospitalized with serious wounds.
Her face is totally disfigured.
She decides to move abroad  not willing to show her disfigured face.
Meanwhile  a group ask Vijay to locate for them statues of Shri Krishna and Devi Radha in the mountainous region bordering India and Burma.
Vijay agrees to do so and sets out.
They meet G.
D.
Sapru  Radha s look alike and also the dying Poojary.
Forms the rest.
Whether Vijay is successful.
<EOS>
Laurel and Hardy star.
<EOS>
Martha Klein is a chef.
A perfectionist has difficulty relating than through food.
Who lives only.
Her single-minded obsession occasionally leads to unpleasant confrontations with customers.
Consequently  the restaurant owner  Frida  requires her to see a therapist to work out her poor interpersonal skills.
Martha s therapy sessions  however  turn.
Her approach to stress management usually involves hiding.
Martha s life takes a dramatic turn.
When she learns that her sister died  leaving behind a young daughter  Lina.
The girl s father  Giuseppe Lorenzo  has been out living somewhere in Italy.
Martha must now look.
Who is depressed  withdrawn  and refuses to eat.
Martha s world is further complicated.
Trying to cope.
When Frida hires funloving and unorthodox Mario.
Martha looks on.
Mario transforms her kitchen with his relaxed banter and Italian music.
Unable to find an acceptable babysitter  Martha starts to bring Lina.
Lina warms and even devours a plate of spaghetti he s prepared.
Touched  Martha becomes more accepting of Mario.
She even asks in locating Lina s father in Italy and translating a letter.
She s written.
A setback occurs.
As Martha s relationship seems to be improving.
When she forgets to pick the girl up while helping Lea get to the hospital to deliver her baby.
Lina is angry.
To make amends  Martha offers to grant Lina any wish.
Lina wants Mario to cook for them.
Mario agrees  and prepares a picnic-style dinner.
The evening of stories and games bring the three closer together.
Martha s relationship is tested again.
When Martha is informed that Lina has not been attending school regularly.
She sleeps.
When she does come.
Lina has also been telling her friends.
She s forced to work.
Angered  Martha tells her.
She can no longer come.
Lina storms off  nearly getting hit to run away to Italy.
A frustrated Martha tells Lina  I wish.
I had a recipe  that I could follow.
Mario continues to support Martha.
Their relationship becomes romantic.
Lina s father finally arrives  and takes his daughter to live with his new wife and family.
Distraught and conflicted  Martha rejects Mario s loving support.
She quits her job.
Martha reconciles.
The two drive to bring Lina back to Germany.
Martha and Mario marry  adopt Lina  and make plans to open their own restaurant together.
Meanwhile  Martha s therapy sessions have turned.
Who is amazed that she can tell the difference he used.
<EOS>
Travelling  Krazy rides on a sled pulled by a pack of huskies.
He enters a saloon.
Where he spends the rest.
The saloon is filled.
Krazy stands.
Moments later  a beautiful female rat shows up at the balcony before walking downstairs.
She then approaches Krazy and asks him to dance.
Krazy accepts.
The two began strutting their stuff.
The cat decides to have fun.
Krazy and the rat sat where they each drank a mug of ale.
He then picks up a bow and comes.
Getting carried away  Krazy pulls one and rubs the bow on them.
If they were violin strings.
That patron wakes up annoyed and gives Krazy an intimidating gaze.
But  Krazy takes a pin  and pricks his.
An attack could be delivered.
Who then explodes.
A group of smaller and harmless versions of the patron appeared and started dancing merrily.
Krazy and the rat went on to join the celebration.
<EOS>
Accused embezzler Al Howard  she loses custody.
When stage actress Judy Carroll testifies.
She had planned to adopt.
Her devoted manager Antonie Tony de Sola urges her to travel with her alcoholic mother Snooks to alleviate her emotional pain.
Which eerily resembles recent events.
There she reads a play entitled Rockabye.
She is determined to star in a Broadway production.
Playwright Jacob Van Riker Pell is certain.
The sophisticated Judy will be unable to portray convincingly his heroine  a tough girl  until she confesses she was raised there herself.
The two hit it off.
Judy convinces Tony to produce the play.
Jake proposes he and Judy wed as soon.
He is free.
Jake fails to appear.
His mother tells Judy.
Her daughter-in-law has just had a baby and asks her to forget her son.
He still wants to marry her  Judy insists he return.
When Jake finally arrives and assures her.
Devastated  she is comforted.
Who finally reveals his feelings.
<EOS>
Two half brothers receive postings.
Who fell out years ago.
One s a pilot and the other a gunnery sergeant.
One ejects must put their differences aside.
Order to attempt a rescue mission.
<EOS>
The film centers.
Crichton fancies a romance.
She disdains him.
They are left to fend in a state of nature.
When the two and some others are shipwrecked.
The aristocrats  abilities to survive are far worse.
A role reversal ensues.
Crichton and Mary are about to wed.
When the group is rescued.
Crichton chooses not to marry Mary  instead  he asks a maid  Tweeny  to marry him.
The two move.
The film contains two famous scenes  indicative as a filmmaker.
An early scene depicts Gloria Swanson bathing  attended by two maids  lavishing her with rose-water and bath salts  silk dressing gown and luxurious towels.
A fantasy sequence about ancient Babylon shows Swanson posed as Gabriel von Max s famous painting  The Lion s Bride.
Involved her being photographed.
<EOS>
The renowned journalist Elsa Casanova writes an article and names him the butcher of Kabul.
Later Maina warns her.
Zaief is out.
Maina is usually completely covered.
She unveils her face for Elsa s camera and discloses.
She is one since she was sold to him when she was twelve years old.
She bids farewell.
She returns.
She reckons to die.
Elsa tries to hold her back but fails.
Her friend Amen also urges Elsa to leave the country yet.
She tries to save Maina.
Zaief ambushes her and her friend Amen.
He has their driver killed and puts her into a dark cell.
Amen asks Elsa to show no fear.
Still she breaks down.
When their friend Salemani gets cruelly murdered.
Zaief accuses Elsa and other foreigners.
He sends film material to the West.
Where it eventually reaches the French government.
A French special forces team gets entrusted.
They find Zaief s hideout.
They still go.
They realized that they are actually too few men to get the job done.
They ve noticed the execution.
A bullet hits their wireless set.
When they leave the place.
They can not manage to be found and picked up.
They are heading for the Khyber Pass.
Order to reach their base.
They have another shooting with Zaief s gunmen.
The hand-picked commandos are able to withstand the attackers and have only old.
They stand  are clad in top-notch body armour and have high-end guns with laser designators and high capacity magazines.
Who approach densely packed.
Zaief hides and just kills his followers.
Kovax fights.
They dare to question his orders.
Elsa asks.
When the fugitives come.
She and her attendants are heartily welcomed.
Have been taken away.
They learn all children.
Who was.
Marius is suddenly killed.
They enjoy themselves.
The team s own marksman Elias can take care but loses his nerve.
Later arrive and Zaief himself kills Amen.
The soldiers try to save the villagers.
This time their weaponry does nt suffice.
They retreat.
When Victor is hit.
Elias decides to back them up and to rather die fighting.
To accompany them.
Victor comes.
Soon he suffers.
Little later he dies  experiencing the fate.
Who had an unseen painful death.
Lucas is now so dismayed.
He does nt see any sense.
But Kovax knows.
Lucas is about to become a father.
Telling him solves this issue.
Yet Lucas is the next one.
Who dies when Zaief and his men attack again.
Kovax does kill Zaief but confronted he has a breakdown.
Tic-Tac was also hit and has to be carried.
They still have a long way.
When they are surprised.
Kovax can save Elsa and Tic-Tac but breaks a leg.
The two men realize.
Only Elsa can make it.
She does it.
They persuade her to leave them behind.
Kovax gives her a present.
He received.
Elsa  already obviously marked  scarcely reaches a road.
Where she is found.
Finally being rescued  Elsa refuses to return and has herself taken out of her wheelchair by Admiral Guezennec.
Who carries her.
Together they find Kovax and.
Who have lived to see Elsa again.
<EOS>
The film is largely based  but goes off on many digressions.
Two parents put their child and leave the room.
The child starts crying.
The Cat comes.
The child grabs her tail.
The Cat angrily reminds him.
They agreed a thousand years ago that he would not do that.
The child does nt remember.
The story starts.
When the planet was young.
Life is starting with dinosaurs.
<EOS>
The film is based.
The 1991 film is an adaption.
The story revolves.
Who struggles to make his debut.
<EOS>
Cobb stars.
Cobb is forced to leave his sweetheart behind  whereupon.
When he s signed to play.
A crooked bank cashier sets his sights.
Cobb has briefly returned home to play an exhibition game.
Breaking loose  Cobb beats up all of his captors and shows up at the ball field just in time to win the game for the home team.
<EOS>
Aema s husband is still carrying on an affair with the Japanese woman  Hanako.
She discovers.
As Aema decides to divorce her husband.
He has died.
<EOS>
Martin is living in Cahors with Jeanine  his hairdresser mother and her taxi-driver lover  Said.
Martin is the illegitimate child.
His mother sends Martin to live with his father.
Who he does not know.
Victor is married and has three sons older.
The move is not a happy one.
Quickly Martin finds himself.
Ten years later   Martin flees his home following his father s death.
He disappears wandering and tries unsuccessfully to drown himself.
Martin emerges weeks later Benjamin s apartment in Paris.
Benjamin is a struggling actor sharing living arrangements  a violinist in a local quintet.
Specializes. 
More outgoing.
His younger brother  Benjamin  who is gay  has a close platonic relationship.
Martin finds success quickly-within weeks.
He is a highly sought-after model.
Alice is nervous and brittle  harboring her own private grief  the tragic death.
Martin s presence in the apartment and she is cold towards him.
He becomes obsessed and starts surreptitiously following her.
Alice does not like the brooding Martin much.
Alice discovers it and confronts him.
She is gradually captivated.
The two begin a passionate love affair.
Leaving Benjamin behind  Alice accompanies Martin on a modeling shoot.
Their happiness is brief.
Martin s behavior becomes erratic.
He becomes more and more.
His decline continues.
When Alice reveals she is pregnant.
Martin suffers a nervous breakdown and falls.
The doctors determine.
His condition is psychosomatic.
Alice rents a cabin by the sea in Spain s south coast.
Martin swims  but remains withdrawn.
He is haunted.
A flash back recounts the period preceding Victor Sauvagnac s death.
His relationship was problematic  the aimless and withdrawn Martin failed to please him  Benjamin irritated him.
A reunion ends up in a fist fight between Francois and Frederic  the two eldest siblings.
Martin celebrates his 20th birthday.
Who comes.
Their reunion is interrupted from Francois.
Who commits suicide hanging himself.
An argument erupts.
When Martin decides to leave.
Martin pushes his father downs the stairs killing him.
Unable to deal.
What he has just done.
He commits himself.
Martin reveals that he caused his father s death  unable to bear the guilt and pain any longer.
Alice   travels to Cahors to talk to the Sauvagnac family.
She befriends Martin s mother.
Lucie  Victor s widow  is unsympathetic.
Frederic Sauvagnac   is openly hostile.
Who is the town s major.
Benjamin comes.
However they two reconcile.
Eventually Lucie decides to tell the authorities.
Martin confesses his crime  surrender and goes to prison.
Alice decides to have her baby.
She appears playing her violin.
Martin is.
He seems to be finally at peace with himself.
<EOS>
Jane   divorced ten years ago.
Who owns a successful bakery.
They had three children together  two girls and a boy.
Who are grown.
Jake   married the much younger Agness.
Who was cheating.
Jane and Jake attend their son Luke s college graduation.
John s University.
The two begin an affair.
Continues. 
Jane is torn  Jake is not.
Jake is secretly taking medication  a side effect.
Agness has Jake scheduled at a fertility clinic.
Reduces his sperm count.
He has a lunchtime rendezvous with Jane at a hotel.
Jake collapses.
A doctor is called.
The doctor speculates and says.
The reason may be the medication.
He should stop taking it.
Jake and Jane s children know nothing.
Harley   spots the pair and the doctor but keeps silent.
Who is engaged.
Adam is an architect hired to remodel Jane s home.
Still healing  he begins to fall in love with Jane.
Jane invites Adam to the party.
She is stoned.
When he picks her up because she has smoked a marijuana joint that Jake had given her earlier.
Adam also smokes joint with Jane.
Jake becomes jealous observing them.
He gets stoned with them as well.
Agness then observes Jake and Jane dancing together and becomes suspicious.
Adam asks Jane.
When they leave the party.
They could have something to eat.
Jane takes him and makes him chocolate croissants.
This takes hours.
They enjoy their time together.
Jake and Agness separate.
It is not clear who leaves whom.
Adam sees Jake naked and realizes.
The two have been having an affair.
Adam tells Jane.
He can not continue seeing her because it will only lead to heartbreak.
Jane s kids also find out.
They are not happy getting together again.
They are still recovering.
Jane tells them she is not getting back.
Jane and Jake talk and end their affair.
The film ends.
Jane and Adam are seen laughing.
Walking. 
<EOS>
Graham Hess is a former Episcopal priest.
His wife Colleen was killed.
The accident left Graham embittered and caused him to renounce his faith  and so left the ministry.
Graham s younger brother Merrill  a former minor league baseball player  helps run the family farm and care for Graham s kids  Morgan and Bo.
Bo has a habit.
Life is uneventful.
A mysterious crop circle is found.
Graham thinks.
It s a hoax.
That night  a frightened Bo wakes Graham up saying.
There s a monster.
Graham  thinking  tucks.
She is having nightmares.
Her back but as he looks out the window he sees the silhouette of someone standing on the barn roof.
Alarmed  he fetches.
Merrill and they try to scare away the figure  believing it s Lionel Pritchard  a local prankster.
The brothers run screaming around the house to frighten off the intruder  it jumps and runs into the cornfield.
Neither man gets a good view.
The next day  Sheriff Paski stops by to investigate the incident.
She admits.
Unless Graham has a clear description  she ca nt help him.
Their conversation is interrupted  saying.
The TV is reporting numerous crop circles appearing all but as yet people remained divided as to whether it is some great worldwide hoax or indeed signs of extraterrestrial life.
The family take a trip the following day and hear rumours of mysterious strangers roaming around during the night and hiding in the shadows.
They pick up odd noises.
When the family return home.
When pointed higher  Morgan believes its the aliens communicating with one another.
That night  the dog barks incessantly.
Taking a flashlight  Graham walks and yells.
The intruders are wasting -LSB- their -RSB- time.
He hears a noise and spots a thin green leg.
Graham walks back.
He runs back.
Later the family watches the television.
Graham dismisses his brother s belief in signs  evidence of some higher power  and says.
They will have to face whatever it is alone.
The following morning  Graham receives a cryptic phone call.
Who killed his wife.
Graham goes to see Ray and finds him sitting.
Meanwhile  a frightened Merrill watches news footage capturing the image.
Ray tells Graham.
He is going.
None have been seen near water.
Ray pauses to apologize for the accident.
Killed Colleen and tells Graham that he trapped an alien.
Investigating  Graham uses a kitchen knife to see the reflection under the door.
A clawed hand reaches out.
A startled Graham cuts off two.
Back home  Graham gives his family the options to stay.
They vote to stay  not wanting to leave their home.
They board up the windows and doors  preparing.
Meanwhile  news reports indicate.
More mysterious lights have been spotted worldwide and that the aliens are becoming hostile.
Merrill suggests.
The crop circles  among others  are for alien navigation.
Graham prepares a last meal  with each picking their preferred dish.
They are interrupted.
When they hear Bo s baby monitor  which they had earlier discovered could pick up the aliens  communications  alerting them that the aliens are approaching.
They listen.
The aliens  seeking a way  walk around the house.
Merrill suddenly realizes.
They quickly move  barring the door.
The aliens can be heard and try to enter the basement.
An alien grabs Morgan.
It is driven away.
Morgan has an asthma attack.
Graham realizes  so he calms Morgan  hoping.
His inhaler was left upstairs.
The boy s breathing would return.
The next morning  Morgan s condition has improved.
The radio reports.
Aliens are retreating.
They return upstairs but are ambushed.
Who takes the comatose Morgan hostage.
Graham notices two fingers are missing  meaning.
It was the alien trapped.
Graham suddenly remembers the night.
His wife died.
She was pinned.
When the car is moved his wife will die.
He talks.
She tells him to let Morgan have fun and be silly  and to always listen to her brother.
He will take care.
She then tells Graham to see and tell Merrill to swing away.
Graham realizes.
There was meaning.
Looking around  he sees Merrill s mounted record home run bat  next.
He tells Merrill to swing away.
Merrill understands and grabs the bat.
Sensing an attack  the alien sprays a toxin.
Merrill swings.
Who then drops Morgan  causing one.
The water acts  so Merrill starts smashing all of the half-empty glasses  before finally knocking the alien into a table.
Where water glasses spilled directly  killing it.
Graham takes Morgan outside and administers an Epi-pen injection to stop the asthma attack.
Morgan regains consciousness  his lungs having been closed up prevented him.
Realizing  Graham s faith is restored.
Colleen s final words meant something  and that they saved his family s life.
Months later  Graham gets dressed and goes back to church.
<EOS>
A boy peered out the window.
A passing bird caught his attention.
He smiled.
When his friends called out.
<EOS>
Jesus Shuttlesworth  an extremely talented high school basketball player is being pursued by the top college programs in the nation.
His father  Jake  is a convicted felon serving time.
The father is temporarily released.
Jesus is considering  so that he might direct his son to sign.
<EOS>
Identical twins  Max and Steven Jordan  were separated by a car accident.
Killed their parents.
One goes on to live a successful life.
The other one leads a life  and feels.
He has been denied the life that he was entitled to.
He plots revenge.
The vengeful twin soon gets involved and begins to manipulate events.
He eventually succeeds by manipulating his brother s wife to kill her legitimate husband  believing him to be the imposter twin.
Olivia Jordan is seen to be pregnant with the second twins child  being unaware of her mistake.
Jack Wagner  Max & Steven Jordan Alexandra Paul  Olivia Jordan Kin Shriner  Jackson Lewis Clare Carey  Tess Lewis Laurie Holden  Scarlett Antonelli Ray Baker  Stu Fishman Teryl Rothery  Ruth Jordan Anthony Harrison  Len Jordan Fulvio Cecere  Lawrence Russo Venus Terzo  Kathy.
<EOS>
Cornelius invents a liquid.
Makes objects unbreakable and resilient.
Unfortunately he grabs the wrong jar.
When heading out to demonstrate his invention.
One mishap follows another.
<EOS>
Veronica Fisher enters Oberkugen s music shop  looking.
She wins a job  to buy a harp at almost $ 25 over Oberkugen s list price.
Otto Oberkugen is reluctant to take on more staff.
Neither she nor Andrew Larkin  the shop s senior salesman  suspects.
They are each other s anonymous pen pal.
They bicker constantly.
Becoming increasingly attracted.
<EOS>
Tom s pursuit circles around a room and back to Jerry s mouse hole.
Tom is moving so fast  he runs and turns into a four-legged stool.
Tom attempts to cut off a 4  4 area  but instead  the rest of the wall falls -- on him.
Order to reach the mouse.
Then Jerry is being chased in another direction.
Suddenly a second Jerry zooms past.
Tom is puzzled  and faces the direction  angry.
They are coming.
A ninth Jerry comes  and pulls back Tom s eyelids.
Tom then chases Jerry.
Jerry breaks off.
Tom fails.
He sees the streets 50 stories below and grabs.
Brings him back inside but wraps him up.
Tom and Jerry then both run.
Jerry grabs a question mark and catches a pipe.
Tom grabs and then twists it into a hook shape -- he slams into the ground shortly thereafter.
When he sees Jerry safe  but too late.
Tom climbs a rain gutter  but falls and lands and screams.
Jerry discovers an air horn.
Jerry sounds on a ledge.
Tom is left chattering.
Next  Jerry retreats.
Tom lassos him using a fish hook  and gives Jerry a taste.
To get revenge   Jerry dreams up some knives and throws them.
Tom is laughing.
Tom runs and narrowly avoids all knives.
Tom then becomes stuck  while trying to chase Jerry through it.
Jerry suggests using the air horn to scare Tom s hind legs and tail down the pipe.
Tom can be free.
The two shake hands.
The chase then recommences.
Tom s midsection is now several meters long.
He makes train noises.
<EOS>
Roger Moore is Gary Fenn  a talent scout.
Who finds the perfect target and calculates the events which mean that only one girl will be good enough.
He finds her.
She is.
Who is extremely protective and overtly aggressive to Fenn.
The young Hungarian  an illegal refugee  accompanies Fenn to a photoshoot.
However she admits  and seems disturbed.
She is.
The girl drops out.
When she is nearly killed.
Fenn has to go  suspected of a separate murder.
He locates her.
Turns out to be the home.
It is revealed.
Marla s aunt is part.
They will go  including sending a helicopter after them.
Fenn and his friend manage to escape.
Where they realise that the shadowy movement are planning to assassinate a visiting African head.
They manage to foil the plot.
<EOS>
The film narrates the tale.
Who is hopelessly weak.
However  not all is well.
He strays  befriends an enduring ghost only to later battle an evil force by the name of Habu.
<EOS>
Neil Klugman is a highly intelligent  working class army veteran and graduate.
Who earns a living.
He falls with Brenda Patimkin  a wealthy student at Radcliffe College.
Who is at home.
They face obstacles  due to differences in class and assimilation into the American mainstream.
More imposing conflicts include morality and propriety differences related.
<EOS>
An older woman owns.
A small grocery store and the gang helps her run it.
They call her Grandma.
She is not any one kid s grandmother.
She loves.
The gang and the gang loves her.
A chain store company wants to buy her store.
A swindler also wants to buy it.
The gang thinks.
Both parties want to practically steal the store away.
The swindler stops in and tries talking Grandma.
She balks and then goes downtown to run some errands leaving the gang.
Chain store officials then stop.
The gang tries to scare them.
They leave as well.
Meanwhile Wheezer and Dorothy tease Stymie and do not let him have any candy.
They have Stymie sampling dog food  oil  lard  lux  gasoline  and fertilizer.
When he tries to con them.
Grandma returns along.
Who is.
She assumes.
She has signed the store away and tells the children that she just sold the store.
The man then calls.
He is the boss.
They must leave.
Grandma refuses to let him throw them out.
Then the chain store officials arrive.
The swindler states.
The store now belong.
He shows them the paper.
She signed.
It was blank.
The real bill was not signed.
Grandma also learns.
The swindler pretended to be Grandma and told the officials she did not want to sell the place.
The officials also say.
They will offer Grandma three times more.
The swindler accuses Grandma.
Grandma then socks the guy so hard.
He falls.
Wheezer then hits him.
<EOS>
Brooklyn teenager Natalie Miller  with upper front teeth and a nose too large for her face  has considered herself homely.
Are slightly bucked.
She never has subscribed.
She will grow up to be pretty.
Her best friend Betty is a knockout gorgeous blonde.
Further depresses her.
Natalie s father  a druggist  bribes myopic optometrist Morris to marry her  hoping.
Who does nt share his wife s optimistic outlook.
His nearsightedness will prevent him.
Natalie leaves home and moves.
She discovers her father s plan.
Where she rents an apartment and sets out to enjoy a Bohemian lifestyle.
She finds employment and befriends drug-addicted go-go dancer Shirley Norton.
He finally convinces her.
She contemplates suicide.
She s a worthwhile human being and not the ugly duckling she imagines herself to be.
<EOS>
Captain Edward Reynolds brags to his loyal companion Jules  he has even assembled a new crew for his ship  including Ai Chow and Olivia  Serena s cousin.
It is Olivia.
Olivia is to protect the crew from enemies  and to convince Edward and Jules to ask for Serena s pardon.
He is more interested.
When they finally go and ask Governor Littleton to pardon Serena.
They convince the governor.
Who first sends them.
Olivia and Jules get off.
Eventually end up.
Later  Edward comes during a female slave auction and is invited to participate in an orgy featuring belly dancers and slave girls.
Meanwhile  Jules is captured and is administered a liquid.
Gives her control.
Xifeng uses Jules to seduce/capture Edward.
He is then forced to fight a dragon-like creature.
Olivia saves him.
Meanwhile  Victor Stagnetti is reborn.
He and Xifeng engage.
She happily obliges.
Edward and Olivia fight off a host.
Olivia boards the enemy ship and fights Xifeng and takes her down.
She then must fight the poisoned Jules as well.
Stagnetti intervenes and takes both down.
Once again  Edward comes  reclaiming his title as the greatest pirate hunter.
Has ever lived.
<EOS>
The film tells the story.
The film is a transgressive romp  covering topics and free love to drug use and political rebellion to animal rights and body odor and religions.
Sissy makes the most by becoming a hitchhiker.
Her travels take her.
Where she becomes a model who introduces her to the man whom she will marry.
She encounters  among many others  a sexually open cowgirl named Bonanza Jellybean and an itinerant escapee from the Japanese internment camps happily mislabeled The Chink.
<EOS>
Coklat Stroberi is an Indonesian teenage drama comedy.
The film tells the story.
Who share a house.
Their landlady forces two new male tenants on them  Nesta and Aldi.
Key and Citra   are for some unexplained reason very unlucky in love and fear.
They will end up.
They immediately fall.
Unbeknown  the two young men are actually lovers.
Various visual clues ensure that the audience is let.
Aldi is feminine and moody.
Nesta has a very masculine and straight-acting look.
Nesta explains - the theory of chocolate strawberry.
Basically  strawberry equates  and so in order not to be found out it is important to act chocolate - that is  to act masculine and straight.
One is straight.
It would be a good ploy to start flirting and eventually dating Key.
Aldi becomes increasingly jealous.
He sees his love devoting far too much attention to Key.
Meanwhile  Citra starts flirting.
He notices none.
Aldi decides.
He will lie no longer.
He comes out.
When his parents come.
His father has an asthma attack  such is his shock and disgust.
His mother leaves  urging Aldi to revert to.
He used to be.
Things further come.
When Citra and Key walk as they are kissing.
But.
It was all a deception.
He really is.
Nesta has turned truly chocolate.
Key initially rejects Nesta  but returns to him after having run through the Jakarta night to stop him.
He leaves forever.
So it seems  Nesta is turned  Citra is still alone due to her distrust of men  Aldi is also to spend his life alone as a sad but out homosexual.
We have the conclusion.
However.
Is demanded.
Incidentally  the punk-looking Dani is played.
<EOS>
Spring lives down sail boat in the Caribbean.
She has lived a simple and isolated life and has never felt desire or love.
Ashton joins.
No treasure is found  only a long sunken slaver.
However  Spring does find love and a husband.
Ashton comes and ends up in a modern day pirates adventure.
He comes and had graduated from Harvard Law School.
He falls with Spring and envies her simple and honest lifestyle.
Spring takes a dislike to Ashton - a variation of Pride and Prejudice hates boy.
Where boy meets girl and girl.
She realizes  Ashton asks Spring for her hand.
She is.
This film has never been released.
All have been made available on DVD.
It was available.
This has been converted and circulated illegally.
The DVD has been sold for as high as $.
.
The VHS and bootleg DVD copies are very poor.
Bits and pieces can be found on youtube.
Com. 
Sir John Mills plays Captain Tyler - a neer - do-well skipper.
Who makes his living.
David Tomlinson makes an appearance.
Lionel Jeffries plays a greedy pirate.
Who tries to outwit Captain Tyler only to lose $.
.
Harry Andrews plays a rough and stupid sailor.
Who wants to kill Tyler  but persistently falls foul.
Niall MacGinnis plays a gentleman Irish pirate.
Who is taken.
<EOS>
The film opens as normal.
Samuel Rocky Douglas  Jeffrey Colt Douglas  and Michael Tum Tum Douglas are for the summer to perform their ninja training.
He overhears Rocky and Colt talking about no longer returning  depressing him.
They are older and have more adult things to do.
They meet Amanda.
They return home.
When their heads are almost buzzed.
She is invited to Tum Tum s birthday party the following day at Mega Mountain.
She accepts.
Tum Tum is also very depressed.
When his favorite action hero Dave Dragon is set to retire and end his television series.
I m not hungry.
Concerns his mother when she offers him food  to which he replies that he says No thanks Mom.
The following day  the boys and Amanda are dropped off.
Rocky disappoints the group.
Who is performing live.
Colt and Tum Tum both admit the admiration and remember.
Cool he had been previously.
A master criminal named Mary Ann Medusa Rogers  her right-hand man Lothar Zogg  her Jamaican sidekick C.
J.
Her three idiot nephews Carl  Buelow  and Zed.
A small group infiltrate the park  take over its operations  and attempt to take out Dave after his performance.
Medusa threatens the park s owner Harry Jacobson to pay her enough money.
She will cause accidents.
This causes the police and the FBI led to be called in.
Who had spotted them while away.
Several rides begin to go crazy.
Amanda utilizes a hand-held computer and is able to hack out some.
However  Medusa quickly has her access locked out  and suspends a roller coaster train  threatening Harry with their deaths.
He does not pay her a large sum.
Dave tries to infiltrate their operations  and is captured.
Amanda continue to evade Medusa s henchmen and her nephews.
She manages to have her nephews kidnap Jennifer and use her to keep the kids from interfering by tying her to the roller coaster tracks and threatening to release the train  causing it to run over her.
Rocky battles  and causes him to literally bounce out of the park and into the hands of the authorities.
When attempting to free her.
Medusa releases the train by Rocky and Jennifer.
She tells him.
He saved her and kisses him.
Harry then begins to give Medusa the $ 10 million bag.
But as the final bag drops.
Amanda uses her helicopter to cut it open.
Medusa discovers this and grabs her.
Rocky meets up.
They run.
Capture they all unite to save her.
They inform him.
Meanwhile Medusa tells her.
She plans to use her.
Then she will be her personal slave to work off the lost money.
Medusa estimates.
They will be even.
The boys are able to defeat many ninjas.
They catch up.
She compliments their skills but then decides.
This gives her ninjas the upper hand.
They have night vision goggles.
Gives Amanda a little surprise.
They are taken care.
She will be blown to bits by a bomb.
She leaves behind.
The boys manage to overcome their inability to see and save Amanda  but her computer breaks down.
She can not disarm the bomb.
She s attached to.
Thinking quickly  they attach it to break its valve to send it away.
But  they lack the physical strength to break the valve.
Luckily  Dave arrives and breaks the valve instead.
The oxygen tanks send off directly toward Medusa s escape route.
The explosion draws the authorities  attention.
They quickly capture her still clutching her bag.
She pouts and seats herself  surrendering to the FBI.
The boys also give credit for helping to save the park.
Medusa and her minions are.
When interviewed.
Later  they assure Mori.
They are not going to give up their summers for anything  enjoying learning to be ninjas  and even recruit Amanda to join them next time  an offer she accepts graciously.
<EOS>
The movie opens  traveling alone from Selmouth to Addisford on foot.
She will be having a baby.
She gives birth to a stillborn baby.
She buries it and continues her journey.
She arrives there late and meets Ben Wainwright  the lamplighter at Addisford.
He asks her and.
She has any relatives.
Bella replies.
She does not have any.
She came looking by the name of Arch Wilson.
Ben does not know him and seeing her plight  takes her.
She tells his wife to get Bella washed up.
Bella  now clean and dry  sits.
Ben introduces his family.
Ben has three children.
Matty  Con and Jedd.
Matty  the youngest  is a shoemaker  Jedd is a soldier and Con.
Does not have a specific profession.
He does the household chores and helps his parents around.
Con is shown to be reserved and introvert with a violent temper.
Kind. 
Bella is unable to eat any thing  starts crying and faints.
When she stands up to go.
Mrs Wainwright puts Bella and feeds her some soup after a while.
Bella refuses to have more and falls asleep.
She wakes up and remembers the intimate moments with her lover  Arch.
She falls asleep again and wakes up.
She sees Mr and Mrs Wainwright seeing off Jedd.
Who is going back to work.
Jedd sees Bella and winks at her.
Jedd had already been smitten during the previous night s dinner.
Bella prepares to leave.
Jedd is gone.
Mrs Wainwright gives Bella her daughter s coat and tells her.
She died  3 years ago.
She asks and learns.
She has nowhere to go.
She tells her.
She can stay.
She will have to do her share.
She chooses to stay.
She also suggests she fetch leather.
Bella agrees to stay.
That evening  Bella takes some shoes.
Order to have a sock put since they are large for her feet.
Matty tells her.
It ca nt be done as the shoes are cheap Yankee ones and machine made.
Bella is slightly surprised.
The shoes are cheap.
Matty tells her.
He will make her a new pair.
Matty is ambitious and wants to got.
Where hand made shoes fetch a lot.
The next day  Bella leaves to fetch leather.
Con secretly follows Bella and.
When confronted  asks her if she would like to come out with him  sometimes.
Bella tells him.
She has no mind to go out.
Con asks her to forget.
He asked her out and leaves.
One day  Jedd arrives and is received by his parents and Bella.
Jedd and Bella go into the woods.
Where Jedd flirts.
She rejects his advances tactfully.
That evening  Jedd and Ben get drunk.
Arch is also seen.
They do nt know him.
Late  Arch drops off Jedd and Ben at their house and drives.
Before Bella could see him.
Jedd continues to flirt.
Will Bella even.
Con does not like it.
The next day  crop harvest begins.
The entire family goes to work.
Jedd insists.
Bella is not comfortable and takes her by carrying her in his hands in spite of Bella s polite protests.
Jedd also forcefully offers.
Her water and Con  who ca nt take it anymore  attacks Jedd.
Jedd retaliates.
Mrs Wainwright intervenes and disperses them.
She also scolds Bella.
She was the reason.
That night  the squire arranges a dinner party with each of the brothers in turn.
He steps on her foot  hurting her.
He is not a good dancer.
They get away.
Bella asks him.
He fought Jedd.
He tells her.
Jedd did not listen and continued to offer her water which made him angry.
She requests Con to watch his temper.
She does not want any troubles.
The next day  Bella sees Jedd off and also finds Arch there.
She follows him and learns.
He is married and has a child.
She returns home dejected.
She decides to leave Addisford.
Mrs Wainwright does not protest.
His mother tells him.
When Con arrives home.
Bella is gone.
He runs and tries to convince Bella to stay.
Bella tells him.
She had been and tells about the baby.
Con replies.
He loves her and her past does not matter.
Bella returns home and Mrs Wainwright receives her coldly.
The next day   Mrs Wainwright announces.
They are sitting.
Matty had left.
Con suddenly proposes to Bella before his parents.
Ben is surprised.
Mrs Wainwright is nt.
That day  Con and Bella attend a party.
Where she runs.
He tries to talk.
She avoids him.
The next day  Con takes Bella.
There  they meet Arch again.
Arch provokes Con.
Con   kills Arch in spite of Bella s attempts to stop him.
When the bullying gets worse.
Both Con and Bella flee Addisford to reach Selmouth.
They take refuge in a deserted house far from Addisford.
Con is disgusted and scared.
Bella comforts him and they make love.
The next day  they continue.
Where they will be taking a boat to leave.
Con notices.
Bella is acquainted.
He becomes suspicious.
He has visions of the captain and Bella kissing  laughing at him.
When he sees Bella taking.
He slapping Bella hard.
He realizes.
He ca nt live.
He tells her.
He is going to turn himself.
Bella protests violently.
He leaves and turns himself.
She runs into his family.
When Bella comes to visit him.
Mrs Wainwright tries to attack her yelling Damn you  Damn you.
Bella sees Con.
They do nt talk much  but in the end are overcome each other.
Bella bids goodbye.
Con is hanged.
Bella is.
Bella is shown standing on the boat deck  on her way to Dublin.
She touches her stomach and smiles slightly.
Suggests that she is pregnant.
<EOS>
The film details Australian contributions  an early flight of Harry Houdini in 1910  T.
E.
Hart s flight s 1914 flight in Sydney  the work of Ross and Keith Smith  and Australian flying inventions.
It then covers the history and his plane  The Southern Cross  in particular his circumnavigation of the world.
It also touches.
<EOS>
C.
B Beaumont is the girlfriend  and is abducted by the Chain Gang.
Lord decides to become Rat Phink and his friend assumes the pseudonym Boo Boo.
The twosome eventually track down the Chain Gang and rescue his paramour.
However  they must then defeat Kogar  an escapee gorilla.
A parade is held.
That is resolved.
<EOS>
Vivian Saunders comes home one day  her boyfriend Reggie Barker is lying on the kitchen table with a large sword sticking out of his body.
Vivian thinks  but she discovers.
This must be some sort.
Reggie is indeed dead.
It occurs and is nt sure.
She calls her best friend Louise to figure out what might have happened and what to do.
She blacked out before.
What she did before she passed out.
Vivian s women s support soon takes second place to.
Group arrives  and what to do.
What Vivian should do.
<EOS>
The film opens.
The Lennon Sisters cover plays over them  before cutting to Raoul Duke and Dr Gonzo speeding across the Nevada desert.
Duke   complains of a swarm of giant bats  before going through the pair s inventory of psychoactive drugs.
Shortly afterward  the duo stop to pick up a young hitchhiker  and explain.
What they are doing.
Duke has been assigned to travel to Las Vegas and cover the Mint 400 motorcycle race.
However  they have also decided to take advantage by purchasing a large number of drugs  and rent a Cadillac Eldorado convertible.
The young man soon becomes terrified  and flees on foot.
Trying to reach Vegas  Gonzo gives Duke a tab  then informs him.
The hitchhiker can go.
There is little chance.
They reach the strip  Duke is in full throes of his trip  and barely makes it through the check-in  all the while hallucinating.
The hotel clerk is a moray eel  and that his fellow bar patrons are lizards.
The next day  Duke arrives  and heads out with his photographer  a man by the name of Lacerda.
Duke becomes irrational and believes  and returns to the hotel.
They are  so he fires Lacerda.
Duke and Gonzo arrive at the Bazooko Circus casino  but leave shortly afterwards  the chaotic atmosphere frightening Gonzo.
Back  Duke leaves.
Gonzo unattended  and tries his luck.
He finds.
When Duke returns.
Gonzo   has trashed the room  and is sitting fully clothed in the bathtub  attempting to pull the tape player in with him  as he wants to hear the song better.
He pleads to throw the machine into the water.
When the song White Rabbit peaks.
Duke agrees  but instead throws a grapefruit.
The next morning  Duke awakes and attempts to leave town.
A highway patrolman pulls him over  and advises him to sleep at a nearby rest stop.
He nears Baker  California.
Realizing  Duke instead decides to return  and reads a telegram from Gonzo  informing him.
He is being set up.
He has a suite at the Flamingo Las Vegas so he can cover a District Attorney s convention on narcotics.
Duke checks  only to be met by an LSD-tripping Gonzo.
A young girl he has brought with him.
Gonzo explains.
Lucy has come to meet Barbra Streisand  and that he fed her LSD on the plane without her knowing.
Sensing the trouble  Duke convinces Gonzo.
This could get them.
Her trip wears off.
Gonzo accompanies Duke.
A.
S convention.
The pair discreetly snort cocaine delivers a comically out-of-touch speech about marijuana addicts before showing a brief film.
Unable to take it  Duke and Gonzo flee back  only to discover.
Lucy has called.
Their trips mostly over  Gonzo deals.
Duke attempts to mellow out.
However  the trip spirals out.
Duke is reduced.
He blacks out.
Duke wakes up to a complete ruin of the once pristine suite.
He attempts to remember.
What has happened.
He has brief memories.
He listens.
Has taken place.
Duke drops Gonzo off  after missing the entrance  driving across the tarmac and pulling up right next to the plane  before returning to the hotel one last time to finish his article.
The film ends.
The Rolling Stones  Jumpin  Jack Flash plays.
<EOS>
Yosemite Sam is rowing the sea.
The villagers spot him and retreat.
Bugs hears the commotion  peeks out and decides to fight the invader.
Bugs begins confronting Sam calling his outfit a Halloween costume  taking the sword and denting and kicks Sam out of the castle.
Sam terrorises the castle.
Later Bugs paints a door and Sam mounted on a pink elephant tries to smash the door down  but instead knocks into the stone wall.
Where the door was painted.
Sam scolds the elephant.
The incensed elephant becomes angry and repeatedly slams him to the floor.
Next Sam has the elephant catapulting rocks.
Bugs sprinkles pepper  making it sneeze a rock right on Sam.
Later Bugs orders the bridge to be lowered.
Sam appears and mounted across the bridge  but the bridge ca nt hold their weight.
They both fall through.
Sam then tries sailing to enter via the back.
Bugs awaits and plugs the elephant s nose  forcing him back to land for air and forcing Sam to use his hat to sail back to shore.
Where he furiously chases away the pink elephant.
Frustrated  Sam tries to dig his way under one of the towers.
The tower falls.
Next Sam attempts to blow open the castle door.
The drawbridge has been raised.
When Sam tries to leave.
Sam is stranded.
A tattered Sam rushes into his former elephant.
Who has defected and then chases Sam away with a club.
Sam gets to his boat and leaves.
Bugs reveals.
He bribed the elephant.
<EOS>
Dan is an entertainment lawyer.
Whose wife has recently left him.
Dan decides to re-examine his life and find himself.
Dan gets together.
Who will do anything to have a good time.
Dan has one hell in this unforgettable night.
But Dan mixes fantasy  reality and everything.
It s possible.
Dan might find what s missing.
<EOS>
Nick and Nora Charles are back in New York with Asta and a new arrival - Nicky Jr.
They are invited to spend the weekend at his house on Long Island.
McFay desperately wants Nick to put his well-known detective skills.
He has been receiving threats.
Church seems to be the obvious suspect.
When MacFay is killed.
However  Nick is skeptical.
He suspects.
There is something far more complicated going on.
MacFay s housekeeper  daughter and various hangers-on all may have had an interest.
<EOS>
A short film depicts the relationship between Min-soo and.
The two come.
Min-soo drops a roll.
Seok-i then picks it up.
Min-soo sets out to retrieve it  there is an instant spark.
Then electrric chemistry is visible.
Min-soo gets off the bus.
It arrives  expecting Seok-i to have followed behind.
However he is disappointed to find out.
He was not being followed.
A fairy appears and gives Min-soo advice on love.
It is revealed.
Seok-i has been following Min-soo with the intention of giving him back his camera  which was stolen when Seok-i and his friends mugged him.
Min-soo runs.
Seok-i walks away.
Him and they embrace.
<EOS>
A gang frame Harvey Hanford Houdini for murder  and also decide to kidnap his fiancee.
Hanford is quickly apprehended and falsely imprisoned for the crime.
Hanford escapes and pursues the men.
Who framed him.
The film unfolds - his tormentors chaining him up and imprisoning him on numerous occasions  only for Hanford to escape.
The film concludes.
Hanford survives.
<EOS>
Interpol agent Wang Sun-Ho states.
This is his first mission.
The start shows a team captured crime boss Tiger Duen.
Are Officer Wang Sun-Ho  an ex-SWAT officer trained in the United States  two HKPD officers Hung Kei Lok and Pak Yat Suet  ex-PLA sniper Luo Zai-Jun  and ex-SAS operator James Jie Lam.
They are greeted.
However the escort turns into a situation.
The older Duen brother Panther Duen plans to rescue Tiger.
The rescue attempt is aborted.
When the agents mistake an innocent civilian.
Panther pulls out and disappears.
Meanwhile  an HKPD surveillance squad is eliminated.
Of whom have military training.
Led Ko Tung Yuen  along with his best friend American Petros Angelo  Yuet Song a Viet/Chinese sniper  Joe Pearson another ex US marine and Lee Chun Pei another Korean operative.
The real convoy transporting Tiger is ambushed.
The operatives eliminate 7 officers.
The INTERPOL agents arrive but fail to prevent their escape  causing Jie to lose his temper.
Back  Commander Hon Sun reprimands the agents for disobeying orders but lets them off the hook.
Lok visits his sick brother.
Jun  Jie and Suet are later introduced.
It is revealed then.
Petros is seeking revenge.
Kong Long was involved to take down Dominic and Tiger.
It resulted.
Kong did nt wait.
Later Lok  Ho and Suet save Kong s daughter.
It is then revealed.
Kong s daughter hates him.
The team then practice by improving their shooting accuracy in a local bar.
Captain Ko meets Petros in a cafe to initiate 2 phases of their mission.
Ko will attempt to keep tabs.
Petros will attempt to retrieve a microfilm which   is their main objective.
It is rumoured to be.
The only link is Yu Ching  Panther s girlfriend.
As soon  Petro randomly just happens to spot Ho walking down the street.
Ko leaves the cafe.
Ho tries to hide his identity.
Petros then retreats.
Where Ho attempts to take Petros down.
Petros escapes using his training.
Petros then finds Yu Ching being bullied and pretends to befriend her  Even letting himself get beaten up.
Who finish their beating.
Yu Ching however is too trusting and even lets Petros.
Meanwhile its revealed.
Ko has a rivalry which earned him his scar.
Ko tries to kill Kong with a machete to machete fight.
Ko is forced to retreat.
The team is alerted.
Later Petros  Joe  Lee Chun Pei and Ko meet Panther  they even threaten him showing Tiger s ear cut of earlier.
This only results.
Ho and Lok arrive.
Ko but Ko just defeats them and leaves saying I do nt have time.
He later gets released.
The Team then seeks advice.
Kong reluctly agrees to train them hard.
Eventually Hon Sun  prepares a sniper unit.
3 teams to ambush the operatives.
Petros splits up after lying to Yu Ching.
He has to do something.
Yuet easily eliminates the snipers  Petros takes out.
Ko eliminates the HKPD command squad.
Hon Sun tries to fight back but is shot by Petros and is badly wounded.
Having enough attempt to ambush all the operatives at once.
Yuet then engages with Jun  Petros  Lee Chun Pei and Ko enter a firefight as well against Suet  Jie  Ho and Lok.
The operatives change tactics making it harder.
Joe Pearson breaks in to evac Petros and Ko.
Lee Chun Pei is killed with one shot from an.
Unfortunately Jun gets.
Who was covering Suet.
Distracted and Yuet kills Suet.
Thus both sides lose one member  Hon Sun dies of his injuries.
Suet is remembered After condolences for Suet.
The team decides to catch the operatives using all the training.
A China agency attempts to deport them.
They are saved.
Who only recently discovers the operatives true intentions.
Their plan is then mobilzed.
Ho gets.
He is a friend.
Jun shoots Ching s car tire.
Petros would pick her up.
Ho then leads the operatives.
Where Jun ambushes Yuet.
Joe then enters the inside and is rammed by Jie.
However Jie underestimates.
Jie manages to impale Joe onto a large sign nail and electrocute him to death with a shock wire.
Jun enters an intense sniper battle and eventually shoots Yuet dead.
Kong finally defeats Ko  and committing suicide by stabbing himself.
Petros is the only operative left.
Lok posing drives Ho and Yu Ching away to a mall.
Where Yu Ching is to deliver the microfilm.
Lok tries to keep Petros.
Lok is stabbed and is seemingly killed.
Ho is then pistol whipped and meets back with Yu Ching.
Petros decides to deliver the microfilm.
Panther takes Petros hostage with a silenced pistol and kill him.
Petros disarms Panther and kills him.
Petros then attempts to leave  The two engage in a final hand-to-hand confrontation.
Results. 
Petros attempts to shoot Ho  only to be shot 2 times in the back by Lok.
Who survived the screw stab.
Still wounded Lok tells Ho to go.
Ho and Petros then engage.
Where both men shoot each other until their guns are empty.
Ho is heavy wounded but manages to shoot Petros and discovers.
The microfilm was.
Lok  Ho  Kong  Jie and Jun arrive and fire all their pistols at the same time at the screen.
Who have all apparently healed.
<EOS>
The four-minute film consists.
Which groups are asked if they are interested in participating in the 1010 project to reduce carbon emissions.
Those failing to show enthusiasm are gruesomely blown to pieces.
A bright and chirpy schoolteacher tells her class about the 1010 campaign  and asks.
What they are doing to reduce their carbon footprint.
She asks  most raise their hands.
Students are planning to participate.
Two children do not.
The teacher reassures them  it s absolutely fine  it s your choice.
This is fine.
Asks the players to explain the 1010 campaign that the team is participating in.
They describe a range.
Have been implemented.
However  the coach is uninterested  remarking.
He would rather just concentrate.
A player tells him.
There s no pressure  produces a detonator and blows him up.
The team is not at all surprised  and casually jogs away to resume training.
A brief interlude explains the campaign  accompanied by music from Radiohead.
The actress Gillian Anderson is finishing the voice-over for the interlude just seen.
The sound engineer asks her.
What she is planning to do to cut her carbon footprint.
Anderson explains.
She thought providing the recording was a sufficient contribution.
The sound engineer repeats the film s catchphrase  no pressure  and detonates Anderson.
The film ends.
No pressure.
<EOS>
The nine characters are revealed to be  1 - a petty criminal  2 - a police officer  3 - an illegal gun seller  4 - a strip club owner and loan shark  5 - a lawyer  6 - a pedophile and rapist  7 - a priest  8 - a health insurance executive  and 9 - a Chinese store owner.
Who does not know English.
These nine people are locked inside a room and handcuffed to pipes.
Then a masked man enters and explains each.
To survive  they must figure it out.
Every ten minutes they do nt the shooter will enter and kill one.
The shooter leaves.
A countdown begins.
The group begins introducing themselves.
A few early connections are made.
Christian says.
He once borrowed money  but paid it back.
Coogan mentions.
He has been.
Kelly and Jackson are former lovers.
The shooter enters and kills Christian.
As the group begins to think it is all a hoax.
Leon frees himself and attempts to escape  but is brought back by the shooter.
The shooter then kills Coogan   and tells Leon.
Who mentions he is dying anyway.
He is next.
Mrs Chan recognises Kelly as her lawyer.
Who prosecuted a man who robbed her store.
The group begins to see connections and the robber  Wade Greeley.
The shooter returns  but as the seven only know part  shoots Leon.
He also denies being Wade Greeley.
Father Francis reluctantly admits  the real robber  Christian  confessed.
Greeley did not rob the store.
He did the robbery to pay back Sully.
Mrs Chan mistakenly identified Greeley.
Kelly prosecuted.
Not all connections have been established.
The shooter enters and tries to kill Eddie.
Father Francies puts himself and is killed instead.
Sully realizes.
Christian must have bought the gun he robbed the store.
Mrs Chan is the next to die.
Kelly begs to be let go to be.
The shooter is visibly angry.
Kelly used her son  and leaves  but not before hinting Jackson is the father of Kelly s baby.
Kelly confirms this  and also reveals she fabricated evidence to convict Greeley  saying.
She needed to win a case.
She also used Jackson to unknowingly help her.
Kelly further confesses.
Who once raped her  and changed evidence so she would not be connected.
Eddie realizes.
The shooter must be Greeley s father  exacting revenge.
The remaining four begin to wonder.
What happened after he went to prison.
The shooter returns and kills Sully.
Who has no regret.
Kelly  Jackson  and Eddie left  the three struggle to establish connections for Eddie and Coogan.
Eddie supposes  and.
Coogan was earlier referring.
He has been  could have raped Greeley and infected him.
Then the final connection is made  Greeley would have applied.
Eddie would have had to reject him due.
They explain this.
Who agrees to let them all go.
Kelly is released  but  having slowly revealed her true nature  steals the shooter s gun and kills Eddie  Jackson  and the shooter.
As not to implicate her.
Kelly escapes.
The police arrive and storm the room.
<EOS>
A historical drama.
Who was the subject.
<EOS>
Dieter Dengler  a German-born U.
S.
Navy pilot  is shot down in his A-1 Skyraider over Laos in February.
He survives the crash only to be pursued  and ultimately captured.
Dengler is given the chance by the Province Governor.
He signs a document condemning America.
He refuses.
He is tortured and taken.
There.
He meets fellow American military soldiers and pilots.
Martin  some.
Whom have been captive.
Dengler begins planning an escape  much.
Who have been downtrodden by the camp guards.
Eventually  all the prisoners agree to escape  only Dengler and Martin follow through and are not seen again in the film.
The others disappear.
Dengler and Martin try to reach the Mekong River to cross over.
Martin is killed.
Eventually  Dengler is rescued but sequestered in a hospital due to the secret nature of his mission.
He is visited.
Who covertly takes him back  where he is welcomed as a hero by the crew.
<EOS>
Characters -LCB- -LCB- details -RCB- -RCB- Several are voice actors and appeared in Urusei Yatsura.
Oshii worked on.
Koichi Todome Washio Midori Soichiro Toribe Bunmei Muroto Young Lady Moongaze Ginji Hamburger Tetsu Beefbowl Ushigoro Medium Hot Sabu Baked Bean Pastry Amataro Crepe Mami Middle-aged man Oriental Hotel receptionist Soba Udon cook Airport announcer Umibozu.
<EOS>
A handful of plain people live their day-to-day  their dreams  disappointments  passions  jealousies and joys in an almost enchanted atmosphere.
Alfredo is a good lad.
Whose brother Carlos  flirts.
Her sister  Suzana  is.
Narciso  Rufino s father and his partner  is a chronic drunkard and a guitar virtuoso.
Rosa  a merry widow  is.
Sells flowers.
The rivalry reaches its height in a dance night at the courtyard.
Ends. 
At long last all is settled.
Life goes.
<EOS>
Ganesha and Subramanya  two brothers  promised their late father.
They would remain bachelors until they achieve something significant.
Their father thinks.
Marriage would hinder personal achievements.
Ganesha works.
Younger brother Subramanya pursues fine arts.
They shun female company  recoiling.
Much  they find themselves being sought by the fair sex much too often.
Be it the girl residing to theirs or the middle aged lady house-owner  they always find themselves in situations.
They think could shake their principles.
Eventually  to be able to live  they move out of their own house to a rented one.
Whose owner is obsessed.
Subramanya gets and has to go out.
A chance to attended a specific fine arts course that he thinks would be useful.
Forms the rest.
What happens.
<EOS>
A modern take by Carroll about a university student.
Who is knocked over.
She has amnesia  lost.
When she wakes up.
Is a long way -- Wonderland.
She is dragged.
Confused  she tries to find out and use.
Who she is  where she s.
What wits she has left to get back home safe.
<EOS>
Gia Carangi is a Philadelphia native.
Who moves to become a fashion model and immediately catches the attention of powerful agent Wilhelmina Cooper.
Gia s attitude and beauty help her rise quickly.
Her persistent loneliness drives her to experiment with mood-altering drugs like cocaine.
She becomes entangled.
Their love affair first starts.
When both pose nude and make love after a photo shoot.
However  Linda begins to worry about Gia s drug use and gives her an ultimatum  Gia chooses the drugs.
Failed attempts drive Gia to begin abusing heroin.
She has already contracted HIV and dies from complications from AIDS in 1986 at the age of.
She is eventually able to break her drug habit.
<EOS>
Afghan Star follows the story  four contestants appearing in the third season of the Afghan reality show Afghan Star.
The show s director and host Daoud Sediqi explains.
It provides an opportunity to enjoy music again after the Taliban s ban.
The contestants become national celebrities.
Are cast.
The show is popular even across ethnic lines.
Contestant Setara Hussainzada is the first to be eliminated.
She dances with free body movements without her hijab.
Opposed considered socially appropriate.
There is outrage.
Daoud Sediqi decides to air the footage.
Setara receives death threats and is evicted.
She explains.
She is open-minded and that she wants other Afghans to be as well.
She then returns home.
The other female contestant Lema Sahar  a Pashtun  is eliminated.
Rafi Naabzada wins the final round  becoming the Afghan Star.
One-Third watches.
<EOS>
Paglu  Abhi and Amrita ` Amu  are best friends.
Abhi s father is a very rich businessman.
His only son has no interest.
Abhi has had many girlfriends.
None loved him.
Paglu and Abhi s father tells Amu to marry Abhi.
They know each other very well.
One day Abhi comes and tells Amu  Amu thinks.
He loves someone that is his childhood friend.
She  too  falls with him.
Abhi later reveals.
Kartika is whom he loves.
Karthika is actually.
Amu is heartbroken.
Amu and Paglu start hating her and try to get them separated.
Abhi gets angry and decides to marry her in another country.
Amu hits Kartika.
She falls unconscious.
Amu and Paglu kidnap Kartika and force her to write a letter.
She does nt love him.
Paglu tells Abhi.
Amu is the right girl.
Abhi falls with her.
Paglu   finds out.
Her name is Anjali  not Karthika.
She is not.
She has a history.
Paglu frees her.
She tells Abhi.
Abhi is unhappy hearing this and decides to marry Karthika anyway.
Paglu tries to stop them from getting them married by bringing all the people  Abhi gets angry and tells Paglu and Amu to get out.
She cheated.
The next day  Abhi comes back  apologizes and says.
He is nt married.
He tells them that yesterday.
When they left Anjali told him that she has learned a lot.
She apologizes.
She ca nt marry him and that Amu is the right girl.
Abhi proposes.
Later  Paglu ends up.
<EOS>
A young Japanese hacker named Naomi moves to New York  but then has to return for an experimental eye operation.
She becomes friends.
Together they take Tokyo.
This does not last long.
She finds herself resorting illegally hacking.
She is quickly swept up.
She knows nothing.
<EOS>
Dogs is a show about a group of young music fans sharing a house in the inner Melbourne suburb of Richmond.
The style is a legacy of Lowenstein s background in advertising and music video production  before Dogs in Space he had served as director for a series of promotional clips for songs from the INXS album The Swing.
The script was developed.
The central character Sam is based from the band The Ears.
Whom Lowenstein lived.
Chuck Meo   also lived.
Who plays a drummer.
The house   was the same house.
Lowenstein and Sejavka shared and was rented and modified at considerable expense for the film.
Lowenstein wrote himself out.
Several were attributed to the character Tim.
Sejavka has a brief cameo.
A character called Michael.
Sam and Tim are the key members of a band called Dogs in Space and share their house with various social misfits including Sam s girlfriend Anna  a university student called Luchio and a transient and apparently nameless teenager known only as The Girl  a character based extremely closely on Sara.
Who lived with Lowenstein at Berry Street.
The film s minimal plot traces the day-to-day existence and is virtually an endless sequence of intense party scenes involving heavy.
There are trips to Ballarat and humorous encounters with an aggressive neighbour and one character s fast-talking  chainsaw-wielding uncle.
Who simply turns up one afternoon.
There is also a minor.
Which the characters try unsuccessfully to pass off some rubbish burned to a local radio station.
The group s dysfunctional and hedonistic lifestyle claims a victim.
When Anna dies.
<EOS>
Local police capture the murderer of the older brother of a young boy.
Now a doctor  he must go back and face the murderers himself.
He then discovers.
They pose a deadly threat.
<EOS>
Hipolito is a blind cabaret pianist.
Who comes.
He hides the fact.
He s blind because he does nt want her pity.
<EOS>
Star Chow is an officer.
Star jokingly suggests.
He wish to be reassigned.
Star immediately finds himself demoted to Constable engaging on the streets of Hong Kong.
Star hastily resigns from the police.
He decides to enroll to launch his own private investigation.
But Star realises.
The investigation wo nt be easy when he discovers that the bumbling  incompetent CID detective Tat is also undercover.
<EOS>
War reporter Matt Ellman is  to.
Whom he is about to propose marriage.
Unfortunately   both are killed in a terrorist attack by a suicide bomber.
He proposes.
Afterwards  they find themselves.
Where everyone who has ever lived has been reborn along the banks of a seemingly endless river.
Riverworld functions to get a second chance.
Matt finds several of his deceased friends as well as historical figures.
Some of whom are his allies and others who are antagonistic.
The antagonists include explorer Richard Francis Burton and Francisco Pizarro  the Conquistador.
Who conquered the Incas.
A 12th-century warrior married to Minamoto no Yoshinaka.
The more friendly people include American author Samuel Clemens and Tomoe Gozen.
Matt soon discovers.
Riverworld has a deeper purpose and is controlled.
<EOS>
Laure is a 10 year old girl.
Who moves to a new home.
She introduces herself and participates in the games and activities with the children as a boy.
Eventually she is found out.
Who keeps her secret.
Who stop her.
The film closes.
She re-introduces herself.
<EOS>
Dusan Ilic  employed  gets a top secret case to investigate a war crime committed by a disbanded paramilitary unit.
He manages to find Micun.
Who s the only surviving witness.
Ekskluzivno  Pogledajte trejler iz filma Ustanicka ulica  Blic  20 January.
<EOS>
The film is based.
The Mauryan prince Kunal was courted.
When he rejected her advances  was falsely accused and was thrown into prison and blinded.
The story  however  comes.
<EOS>
Officer 444  a heroic policeman  does battle.
Who is trying to get his hands.
<EOS>
A mysterious proprietor named.
Leland Gaunt  claiming to be  opens a new antiques store called ` Needful Things  in the small town of Castle Rock  Maine.
The store sells various items to the residents.
Gaunt demands payment  usually pranks played by his customers on their neighbors.
Gaunt seems to have an innate knowledge.
The pranks exploit their previous rivalries and prejudices  causing them to attack each other.
Sheriff Alan Pangborn investigates Gaunt and becomes convinced.
When the normally peaceful townsfolk begin to commit acts.
His machinations are the source.
Gaunt is revealed to be the Devil  traveling to place  manipulating people into destroying themselves.
Acting primarily  Gaunt succeeds in sparking a riot in the town square.
Pangborn manages to stop the violence.
The town destroys itself.
The townspeople admit their pranks  exposing Gaunt s web.
Keeton  despondent in the film  blows up Needful Things with Gaunt inside.
Defeated  the mysteriously impervious Gaunt  predicts  exclaims Bob will be his name  and departs  presumably to continue his vicious  evil work.
Emerges completely unharmed.
He will encounter Pangborn s grandson.
He leaves.
Which he arrived.
<EOS>
John Smith is a British officer.
Who was gassed and became shellshocked during the First World War.
He is confined.
He has lost his memory and has trouble speaking.
Jubilation erupts.
When the war ends.
The gatekeepers abandon their posts to join the celebration.
Smith simply wanders off.
He is befriended by singer Paula.
She guesses.
He is.
She arranges.
He seems harmless.
Him to join her traveling theatrical group.
Threatens to bring unwanted attention.
Where they marry and are blissfully happy.
Smithy   discovers a literary talent and tries writing to earn a living.
Paula calls him.
Paula remains home.
Smithy goes with a newspaper.
There  he is struck.
His past memory is restored.
When he regains consciousness.
His life is now forgotten.
He is Charles Rainier  the son.
None  including a key  provide any clue.
He got there.
Charles returns home  to the family s amazement.
He had been given up.
Fifteen-year-old Kitty  the stepdaughter of Charles  siblings  becomes infatuated with her uncle.
Charles wants to return  but the mismanaged family business needs him.
He puts off his own desires to safeguard the jobs and to restore the family fortune.
A newspaper touts him as the Industrial Prince of England.
Meanwhile  Paula has been searching.
Their son having died  she returns to work as a secretary.
One day  she sees Charles  picture and manages to become his executive assistant  calling herself Margaret  hoping.
Her presence will jog his memory.
Her confidante and admirer  Dr Jonathan Benet  warns her.
Revealing her identity would only cause Charles to resent her.
She sends Charles love letters.
Kitty grows up.
Eventually they become engaged.
Margaret has Smithy declared legally dead  seven years having elapsed.
He left her  dissolving their marriage.
However  a hymn triggers a vague memory.
Kitty is considering.
Kitty realizes.
He still loves someone else and  heartbroken  breaks off the engagement.
She rushes.
When Margaret hears Charles is  trying one last time to piece together his lost years.
They recover his suitcase.
He recognizes nothing.
Charles is then approached to stand.
Which Margaret provided invaluable assistance.
He proposes  more as a business proposition than a romantic one.
She accepts.
They become an ideal couple  at least.
She is the perfect society hostess.
They sometimes discuss his lost past.
She tells him of her own lost love  without disclosing.
It is him.
Charles hopes.
Their life together can fill the void they both feel.
Desperately unhappy  Margaret decides to take an extended vacation abroad.
She revisits the hamlet.
Where she and Smithy lived.
Meanwhile  Charles is called to mediate a strike at the Melbridge Cable Works.
He succeeds.
Walking begin to unlock his lost memories.
This eventually leads him.
He and Paula shared.
Hesitantly  he tries the old key.
He kept  and finds that it unlocks the door.
Margaret   makes a casual remark.
To leave.
The innkeeper remarks.
Someone else had just that morning asked.
Margaret hurries and calls Smithy.
<EOS>
The guests include actress Alice Wood  her talent-manager husband Anthony  talent agent Christine  screenwriter Tom Parkman  Tom s wife Lee  and film director Philip Dexter.
The trip is   a reunion.
All were together at Clinton s home one year before  on the night.
A hit-and-run accident resulted.
Clinton  a parlor game enthusiast  informs everyone.
The cruise is.
The week s entertainment will consist.
The six guests are each assigned an index card containing a secret -- or.
Must be kept hidden.
The object is to discover everyone else s secret.
Protecting one s own.
Each night the yacht anchors.
Where one is disclosed to the entire group.
The guests are given a clue  then sent ashore to find the proof.
Who holds the card bearing that night s secret.
The game ends.
When the actual holder discovers the proof.
Anyone receives no points.
Who has not yet solved the clue.
YOU are a SHOPLIFTER  suspicion begins.
Each guest s card does not contain pretend gossip.
-- -- the guests return ashore and discover Clinton s corpse.
When Clinton does not return.
Where the second card was revealed to be YOU are a HOMOSEXUAL.
One reveals  YOU are a HIT-AND-RUN KILLER.
His card reads.
This begins a macabre game  with guests jousting over.
Who lays claim.
There is an increasingly growing paranoia.
Both Sheila and Clinton were killed.
The game being played is actually just a portion.
Are. 
Any guest could win the game.
Clinton taunts.
You re smart enough.
Characters continue to discover these clues  resulting.
His own diabolical game did not end as Clinton planned.
Which guest killed the host.
<EOS>
A notorious gambler is thrown out.
He quickly returns.
When he discovers the town is threatened.
<EOS>
The Boys tell.
Their wives they have a business engagement  then sneak off.
En route  they stop to help two young ladies  and wind up splattered with mud.
The girls invite them up.
Their clothes dry.
All proceed to get roaring drunk.
A boyfriend appears  sending the duo scrambling out the back window.
<EOS>
The film stars Don McKellar.
Who dreams.
One morning  Jones discovers a frozen corpse  and soon meets Jackie Bangs  a tough and mysterious roadie.
Who claims the dead man is her brother.
Jackie s real intention is to use the body  a vagrant unknown  to smuggle stolen drugs into the United States.
She convinces Pokey to use his parents  car   to drive her to bury her brother.
Has nt been driven.
So Jackie and Pokey set out strapped to the top of the car  and follow Bob Dylan s famous U.
S.
Highway 61 south.
They re pursued.
Who believes he s Satan.
The dead man sold Mr Skin his soul.
Peter Breck is.
The film also includes cameo appearances.
The film s soundtrack album includes songs.
Nash the Slash also composed the film s instrumental score.
Playback named Highway 61 the 15th best Canadian film since.
McDonald won Best Director honours and Brussels International Festival of Fantasy Film  two of the top festivals in the world.
<EOS>
Master Sergeant Ernest G.
Bilko is at Fort Baxter  a small US Army base.
Exploiting this position  he directs a number.
His commanding officer  Colonel John Hall  overlooks Bilko s money-making schemes.
He is more concerned.
Bad news begins.
When Major Colin Thorn  an officer  arrives at the camp and begins to cast scrutiny on Bilko s record.
Officially  Thorn is to conduct a general inspection of the base and determine.
It should remain open.
However  he is.
The two have.
Major Thorn  bitter and unprincipled  is not.
Thorn also attempts to steal Bilko s long-time fiancee Rita.
Whom he has stood up.
Rita   is tired of waiting and gives him 30 days.
Him to finally marry her.
To win her back or lose her.
Bilko   devises a means of avoiding Major Thorn s attempt to transfer him to Greenland.
He rigs a demonstration.
He confronts Bilko  Hall  and the general  loudly.
Thorn had deliberately tried to sabotage the tank the previous night.
Major Thorn is sent off again.
Sergeant Bilko is safe once more.
However  the last day of Rita s ultimatum has come.
She hears men  singing one of her and Bilko s favorite songs.
As Rita sadly begins to write Bilko off forever.
Looking outside  she sees Bilko and his platoon.
Bilko asks Rita to marry him.
Bilko did so many times.
<EOS>
Eleanor gave birth to twin sons - Lurkalot first and then Richard.
But the nobles  stole him away and abandoned him in a forest to die.
He was raised.
Who belonged and took him in as a serf.
Lurkalot aids his master by selling love potions and chastity belts as well as some unusual inventions in the local village a noble.
Sir Coward is nt particularly successful.
Lurkalot is also visited in the middle of the night.
Who speak and try to tell him who he really is but get drowned out by events like lightning.
All grown up  Richard is bored and decides to go on a crusade.
Meanwhile  Sir Braggart de Bombast wants to acquire Sir Coward s lands and daughter and makes him an offer.
Sir Coward refuses but invites Sir Braggart and his followers.
As not to offend where a scene is made.
Sir Coward refuses.
Offended  Sir Braggart challenges Sir Coward with Lady Lobelia as the prize.
Lurkalot   takes up the challenge and defeats Sir Braggart s champion  Sir Grumbell de Grunt with the aid of a giant magnet.
Not a Knight.
Realising  Sir Braggart declares the duel void and declares war.
The rules have not been met.
Lurkalot and Lady Lobelia flee the scene  he locks her up with a chastity belt.
Where to protect his master s daughter.
Sir Coward responds by running away to join the crusades.
Lurkalot  encouraged  goes to find both him and Richard the Lionheart.
Once  he discovers.
The crusades are actually a Bacchanalian orgy  an excuse to leave the wives and families.
Saladin is actually a friend and started everything.
Richard wo nt leave the Holy Land and insists.
He s.
Lurkalot s voices provide inspiration.
He takes all the unused weaponry and fashions them.
He then brings feminism.
Who go.
Richard is forced to return home  albeit very unwillingly.
Richard meets a local woman and decides to stay with her.
He casually tosses Lurkalot the crown and says.
If he looks  he can be him.
Lurkalot returns and attempts to rally the people.
He is recognised and is accused of witchcraft following his earlier escape from the castle.
Where he used his flying machine.
He is sentenced to death via burning  but is rescued by Robin Hood.
They plan an attack and are joined by Sir Coward.
Who is fed up.
Meanwhile Richard has had to flee following an ignoble episode with his German woman and returns to Lurkalot s village.
Where he is captured thinking he is Lurkalot.
Sir Coward feigns severe illness to get him and Lurkalot.
Where they are incarcerated.
He suffers withdrawal symptoms.
Lurkalot offers to make him a remedy but spills in saltpeter by accident.
He mixes it together  but Sir Coward   throws it.
Who hates taking medicine.
Blows open the door.
Lurkalot calls his new invention gone powder.
They use it to open the castle gate.
Where Robin Hood can attack.
Meanwhile Sir Braggart duels Lurkalot and reveals.
He must be Richard s twin brother.
The two battle all.
He is eventually forced to flee.
Richard then resumes.
His rule and everything is right.
He agrees to marry Lady Lobelia and makes Lurkalot a Knight.
Lurkalot gets.
Lady Lobelia whilst Richard returns.
<EOS>
Penelope Wilhern is a young woman to make an excellent match for any other well-bred man of her status.
However  what sets.
Her apart is that she has pig-face disorder.
Generations ago  an embittered witch placed a curse.
Their son had an affair and  talked out of marrying her by his disapproving family  abandoned her and married someone of his own status.
The distraught and pregnant servant girl then threw herself off.
Furious  the witch then cursed the Wilherns.
That the next daughter to be born would have the face of a pig.
The Wilherns were lucky enough to produce.
Only sons  until Penelope was born  stricken.
It is said.
The curse can only be lifted if ` one  learns to love her  which her parents interpret as meaning that Penelope must marry a man of noble birth.
A tabloid reporter named.
Rumours spread with the face of a pig.
Lemon begins stalking the family to get a photograph.
Penelope s parents  Jessica and Franklin  decide to fake their daughter s death and cloister her away.
Where Penelope spends her life immersing herself.
Her parents attempt to introduce her  hoping.
When Penelope becomes an adult.
One will fall in love with her and break the curse.
Unfortunately  every man eyes.
Who lays.
Who finds her repulsive.
Vanderman s panicked flight in a newspaper article dubbing him insane.
To redeem his name  Vanderman decides to team up.
The two track down Max Campion  a young blue blood disowned by his family  and is in desperate need of money.
Who has developed a gambling problem.
Lemon and Vanderman pay Max to pose  hiding a camera in his jacket.
That he can steal a picture.
However  Max is unexpectedly caught off guard by her sweetness and charm.
Penelope also trusts him enough to show him her face.
He accidentally triggers the camera.
Max is not frightened.
Causes him to retreat.
A heartbroken Penelope believes.
Max too finds her monstrous  and instead begs him to marry her simply and in order to break the curse.
Max   insists.
Obviously torn.
He can not marry Penelope.
He then calls off his agreement  and destroys the camera  realizing.
Their attempt to exploit Penelope is wrong.
Meanwhile  Penelope  inspired about the outside world  decides to flee the protection of her parents  home  and journeys out into the city  naive and ignorant about normal life  and with a scarf to cover her face.
Penelope ends up befriending Annie.
Having no money and seeing  she decides to collect by producing a photo of herself  essentially coming out of hiding to the public.
Lemon and Vanderman are offering a reward.
Penelope becomes an overnight celebrity  flocked by adoring fans.
Who are not disgusted.
Penelope s courage then acts as an inspiration for Max.
Who quits gambling and starts work.
Lemon  however  discovers.
Vanderman had recruited to go.
Photograph Penelope is Max Campion at all  but a man named Johnny Martin.
Who simply posed for the money.
Penelope s family wonder.
Whether the only reason Max refused to marry Penelope was because he knew that   he would not be able to break the curse for her.
Meanwhile  Vanderman s father  seeing the public s fondness  and embarrassed by his son s vocal cruelty toward her  coerces Edward into proposing to the girl.
Penelope nearly marries him  but backs.
When she realises that she does not want to marry simply to break the curse.
An exasperated Penelope says.
Penelope s mother urges her to marry Vanderman and at last lead a ` normal life.
She likes herself the way she is.
This breaks the curse.
Penelope has at last been loved.
Her pig snout and ears disappear.
Penelope moves on  becoming a horticulturist and teacher.
The years pass.
The spectacle is gradually forgotten by the public.
One Halloween  Penelope finds several dressing up as her old pig self  and dons a ` Penelope  mask.
She goes to reunite.
Johnny  not realising  kisses Penelope and apologizes  saying.
The curse has been broken.
He does not have the power to break the curse.
Penelope then reveals.
She had the power to lift the curse all along.
The two share a passionate kiss  beginning a romantic relationship.
The film ends.
Lemon rows up in a rowboat  and is about to take a picture revealing to the world  and decides to let his obsession go.
What has happened  but observes their happiness.
<EOS>
Surviving a murder attempt  former undercover police officer Jack Adleth returns to London to seek revenge and settle some old scores.
He soon finds himself not just from his former criminal associates  but his old police colleagues too.
He must also deal from the consequences of his undercover life.
He battles to stay alive.
<EOS>
The film follows Chappelle  up until September 18 .
When he threw a block party in the Clinton Hill neighborhood of Brooklyn  New York City.
The film features nearby sites as well as areas in Fort Greene  Brooklyn and Bedford-Stuyvesant  Brooklyn.
The film was produced to walk away from a $ 50 million deal to continue his hit Chappelle s Show  and gained prominence after the announcement.
He invited several hip hop and neo-soul musical artists to perform along with The Central State University Marching Band.
Lauryn Hill was also scheduled to perform.
She decided instead to reunite The Fugees.
Columbia Records refused to release her songs.
Chappelle performed comedy monologues and sketches in between the musical acts.
<EOS>
The film follows three street children  Sugeng  Heru  and Kancil.
They aspire to rise to receive an education.
They live  are from broken homes  and must sell marijuana to survive.
They are supported.
Who lets them stay.
The children s lives do not go smoothly.
Sugeng dies.
Kancil is decapitated.
Heru falls victim.
Where he is given false identification papers and then killed to collect the premium.
<EOS>
Janusz marries Kasia.
The father gives Janusz a brand-new-looking Audi.
Wojnar has to pay several people off so.
The wedding celebration can proceed smoothly.
This includes securing a plot from his.
Who is spending a lot.
One shows up.
He s not interested.
The others are.
<EOS>
The film begins from Rosenheim.
Her husband.
They are driving.
She storms out and happens upon the truck stop run by the tough-as-nails and short tempered Brenda.
Whose own husband  out front  is soon to leave as well.
Jasmin takes a room.
Initially suspicious  Brenda eventually befriends Jasmin and allows her to work at the cafe.
The cafe is visited.
The film has a melodious backdrop.
S.
Bach preludes played by Brenda s son.
She meets.
<EOS>
Chanticleer is a proud rooster.
Whose singing wakes the sun up every morning.
His singing keeps the other animals happy.
The farm free.
However  one morning  Chanticleer is attacked.
Chanticleer wins  but forgets.
The sun rises.
The other animals reject him and drive him out  causing a perpetual rainstorm and the beginning of the Grand Duke s reign of terror on the farm.
The story then reveals to be a storybook.
A mother named Dory reads.
Edmond calls to come back.
His family leaves to help battle the storm.
Instead he is confronted.
Who expresses anger for the needs of the owls and subsequently transforms Edmond into a kitten as punishment.
He is distracted and is driven away by the shine of a flashlight.
The Grand Duke can devour Edmond.
Is his only weakness.
Astonished  the farm animals tell Edmond.
They also seek Chanticleer s return.
His crowing is the only thing that can bring sunlight back.
Edmond teams up  Snipes the magpie and Peepers the mouse.
They make their way.
Where they hope to find Chanticleer.
Meanwhile   the Grand Duke is alerted of Edmond s journey to the city by his pygmy nephew Hunch.
Who the Grand Duke then sends off to stop Edmond and the other animals  who are floating.
Edmond and the others finally reach the city.
Where they begin their search.
They finally find Chanticleer   arousing the jealousy of a fellow performer  a pheasant named Goldie.
Who now makes a living.
Edmond and friends try to talk  but are pushed aside by a group of singing toads acting as bouncers.
He sends Hunch  but  fearing the bright lights of the city  the Grand Duke gives him a pair of protective sunglasses to prevent the light from hurting him.
The Grand Duke finds out where they went.
The flood worsens and the farm animals lose communication.
The Grand Duke and his owls wait.
Edmond and his friends disguise themselves and manage to send a note.
He is distracted.
Who has fallen with him.
Edmond s attempt to reason.
Hunch breaks and tries to do away with the group.
His failure inadvertently sets them all free.
Goldie shows Chanticleer the note.
Edmond sent him.
The two ride off.
Chanticleer and the gang manage to flee and steal a helicopter.
They use to make their way back and are about to be eaten by the Grand Duke and his owls.
Edmond and the others try to get Chanticleer to crow.
He is out and soon gives up.
The Duke taunts Chanticleer and strangles Edmond into unconsciousness.
When he chants.
Awed  Patou and the other animals chant the rooster s name in unison  causing the Duke to transform himself into a tornado.
Finally regaining his confidence  Chanticleer crows loud enough.
Hunch  eager  attacks his uncle with a flyswatter.
The floods then begin to subside.
Believing  the animals mourn him.
Edmond has died.
He transforms back since his punishment ended because he learned the error of his ways and stopped being afriad  causing the Duke s spell to break.
Edmond awakes  finding.
It was all just a dream.
Nevertheless  Edmond still believes  using his imagination to visit the world of Chanticleer once more.
<EOS>
It follows five women reporters and the challenges they face.
They work during the Second Gulf War.
Molly Bingham is an experienced photographer.
Who was held at Abu Ghraib prison at the start of the war.
Marie Colvin was a reporter.
Who lost her eye.
Janine di Giovanni has to deal.
Mary Rogers is a camerawoman.
Who continues to put herself in an effort to get the proper footage to cover her stories.
<EOS>
Van Wilder is an outgoing  friendly  and extremely popular student.
Who has been for seven years.
He has made no effort to graduate  instead spending his time organizing parties and fundraisers  doing charity work  helping other students  and posing for figure drawing classes.
But  with no return on his investment  Van s father decides.
It is time to cut his losses and stops paying Van s tuition.
Meanwhile  Gwen Pearson  a star reporter  is asked to do an article on Van.
It proves to be so popular.
She is asked to write a follow-up article.
She is rather put off.
That would be a big win.
When Van interprets her attempts to schedule interviews -- when she already has a boyfriend  Richard Bagg  who happens to be the president of the student union and the leader of a fraternity.
He takes personal offense  and becomes very stressed out at having to deal with this burden on top of preparing for medical school and leading the Delta Iota Kappa fraternity.
Subsequently  a rivalry develops.
The rivalry grows.
They perform increasingly disgusting pranks.
One scene involves Richard inviting Van over to a dinner with him and Gwen s family to prove a point about Van s lackadaisical attitude towards life In one infamous scene  Van and his friends replace the cream inside some pastries with dog semen and send them to Richard s fraternity.
Where the frat brothers begin eating and do not realize what it really is until it is too late.
Richard has intercourse with another woman from a sister sorority  later on.
Would be the final straw.
Richard also sets up Van and reports it to the police.
Which there are some underage drinkers.
Leads. 
However  Van proposes an alternative punishment.
The school force him to complete a semester s worth in the six days remaining  and then graduate.
The committee agrees by a three-to-two decision.
Gwen is impressed.
Van is taking the initiative to get his life together.
She then learns  and decides to take retribution.
Gwen laces his ritualistic protein shake with a powerful laxative.
Richard rushes  dialing down the middle towards the end and disgusting the other test-takers with frequent farting.
There are no bathroom breaks allowed.
Afterwards   he unexpectedly runs.
As he reaches the bathroom.
They pull him aside.
Richard ends up defecating explosively.
He is briefly seen again  reading Gwen s article in the school paper in the bathroom.
Meanwhile  Van does well and celebrates his graduation with Gwen.
A subplot depicts the saga.
Who is accepted to be Van s personal assistant.
The main reason  Taj explains  is.
He wants to have sex before he goes home.
He meets a girl named Naomi.
Van pushes Taj to go but Taj accidentally sets himself on fire with massage oil.
Taj meets another Indian girl.
It seems.
They are going to hit it off.
<EOS>
Karthik is an introvert.
Who lacks confidence and feels trapped at a construction company.
He is continuously troubled  His older brother  Kumar  used to torture him.
They did not believe him.
Whenever he complained.
One day  Kumar took Karthik and tried to throw him in it.
Karthik escaped.
Kumar accidentally fell and died.
Karthik has thought himself responsible ever since.
Shonali Mukherjee is a.
Whom Karthik is secretly.
Karthik figures.
His life ca nt get any better and decides to commit suicide.
A stranger calls and says.
As he is about.
He is also Karthik  convincing him that he has the ability to change his life.
These phone calls become Karthik s life guide.
His chats take place every morning.
M. 
And the caller provides advice  guiding him to become a successful man  win Shonali s heart  and bring color to his otherwise dreary life.
However   the mysterious caller gets angry and tells Karthik.
When Karthik tells Shonali and his psychiatrist  despite being warned not to.
If he could bring him up  he could also throw him down.
Things start going downhill.
Karthik s boss throws him out.
Shonali leaves him.
Karthik decides  then the caller would nt know and stop calling him.
If he goes somewhere he does not know.
Where he is either.
Karthik travels  takes shelter in a small hotel  and asks the receptionist to remove the telephone and room number plate.
Karthik is comfortably living in Cochin with a decent job.
His life is back normal except for the fact.
He refuses to have a phone line.
He is forced to purchase a landline.
He goes to ensure that he himself is unaware of the phone number.
However  one day a.
M  he receives a call.
Who threatens to kill him.
Meanwhile  Shonali is contacted.
Who reveals the twist.
He has an alter-ego and advises him.
Is more assertive.
To live life.
All this time  the strange caller was Karthik himself.
He has been dealing from a young age.
When he created a fake brother named Kumar.
Karthik s phone has the capacity to record messages and act at a certain time.
Karthik would wake up  leave himself messages as his alter ego  and return to sleep.
Where he would awake once again to take his own calls.
Eventually  Karthik becomes so disturbed.
He attempts to commit suicide again.
Shonali  realizing the truth  arrives to save him.
They reconcile.
She stands  helping him with his condition.
Karthik is in the process of dealing with his schizophrenia and lives a happy and rehabilitated life with Shonali by his side.
<EOS>
The film tells the story.
Who got to discover the source of eternal life using some rare books stored inside the National Library.
Vatican officials have come to warn.
The angel is acting on the earth through some followers with the intent to possess immortality.
However  the code is stored.
And the reversal is only option to save humanity.
<EOS>
The story is.
A poor man  Appukuttan Nair gets a job.
His first appointment is.
His predecessor there was one Thomachan.
Who was supposedly trampled by a tusker.
Anyhow  Appukuttan takes charge.
He is left all alone  save the innumerable animals and birds around him and the frightening sounds of the jungle.
But life teaches him many things about men and human society.
He gets a new perspective to look.
<EOS>
A mute young girl was selected.
Order to find the man who is responsible.
A new supernatural bone chilling film.
Is rife and rich in atmosphere.
<EOS>
Rick Heller is a juvenile delinquent.
Who keeps getting himself.
To keep him out his mother puts him to work cleaning the cage of a female gorilla named Katie.
She is teaching to communicate.
Rick takes it to break Katie out and take her on an adventurous journey to get her out of the country.
When the owner takes her back to become a flea market freak.
<EOS>
United States Navy sailors David Herdeg and Jim Parker are assigned during a project to make it invisible to radar.
The ship is.
The equipment begins.
Malfunctioning and crewmen are suffering.
Jim tries to turn off the equipment but receives an electric shock.
Unable to do anything  the two men jump overboard.
They fly in the harbor.
Observers simply see.
The ship disappear.
David and Jim land and are caught in a helicopter spotlight.
They run and climb over a tall fence.
They find a highway.
David picks up an empty bottle.
Jim finds an aluminum  marveling.
Coca Cola can.
David identifies the rusted remains.
They follow the highway.
Learning  David makes.
They are.
A phone call while Jim is intrigued.
He is feeling the side effects.
There is also a mysterious electric storm affecting the area as well as Jim.
David is waiting to use the phone.
A young woman  Allison Hayes  is talking.
She is upset.
The job she was driving to interview had already been filled by another applicant.
Jim inadvertently electrocutes.
An arcade game and the upset diner owner grabs a revolver  demanding Jim pay.
David grabs the gun and the men run  taking Allison s 1976 Ford Torino.
He takes Allison.
He is unfamiliar.
They escape the diner and start quizzing Allison  finding out it is.
Most importantly  they ask.
Who won the war.
They reach a city.
Where Jim and David are shocked.
The police catch them.
Jim is hospitalized.
David and Allison speak.
David explains their time travel  assuming.
It is a common modern occurrence  but realizes the doctor does nt believe him.
Jim eventually dissolves.
David and Allison then evade Naval Security.
Who have arrived to take David.
They call Jim s family.
Who live on a ranch.
David hears a familiar voice and hangs up  becoming despondent and angry  Allison is ready to leave him.
When he convinces her he needs her help.
He sees President Ronald Reagan and wonders.
It is a movie.
The next day they drive.
They reach the Parker ranch and knock.
Jim s 1943 girlfriend Pamela recognizes David.
She says.
Jim came back and was hospitalized.
David asks and finds out he never came back.
A lot were burned.
Many died.
David sees Jim.
Jim refuses to look.
David and Allison see military police approaching.
David sneaks into their car and extracts documentation to find out.
What the military wants.
Dr Longstreet has been investigating a mystery.
A town has disappeared.
A piece is found in the desert.
They fire a camera probe.
The camera shows the town and the Eldridge.
The signal is cut off.
David is able to get back.
The two men landed before.
Dr Longstreet is there and tells the guards to let David and shows him the situation.
David realizes.
Longstreet is still experimenting to protect a town from ICBM attack.
The same problem happens.
The town did not reappear.
They shut down their generators.
Longstreet theorizes there is still a generator running somewhere on the Eldridge.
The Eldridge reappeared.
When David shut down the generator.
Longstreet says.
Unless the vortex is closed it will destroy the Earth.
David must go and return to the Eldridge.
Allison urges David not to do it.
He volunteers and is outfitted to protect him.
He is driven out and catapulted.
David lands  some fused into the ship s hull.
Where he finds the crew.
He hurries and begins smashing equipment.
The generator shuts down.
David looks.
Assured  David jumps over the side and disappears.
He is fine.
The Eldridge reappears.
Forty-one years later  the town reappears.
Allison steals a jeep to drive.
She calls out.
David reappears  proclaiming  the way  the Navy owes.
I see it.
Me 40 years back pay.
<EOS>
The two films follow a similar plot.
Appear  Reshiram and Zekrom swapping roles.
A man named.
Damon approaches a remote village.
A natural disaster occurs.
Damon summons either Reshiram or Zekrom to save the villages.
Meanwhile  Ash Ketchum  Iris and Cilan approach Eindoak Town.
Ash rescues a pair from falling off a cliff.
He unknowingly is touched  causing him to spring across a gorge and land on the other side  venturing through a cave with Pikachu and the Deerling.
Ash and co.
Navigate their way and emerge in the cellar of the town s castle known as the Sword of the Vale  said to have flown from a nearby valley to its current spot.
The group go  also meeting Damon s sister Carlita  mother Juanita.
The town s mayor Mannes.
Ash wins  Carlita realising Victini has been giving his Pokemon power boosts.
Ash and his friends befriend Victini.
Ash tries to take Victini but learns.
Victini can not leave due.
Mayor Mannes explains.
Which Victini was friends.
The kingdom was empowered.
Brought harmony.
The king s sons were accompanied.
The princes became enemies leading.
Who mortally wounded each other  transforming.
The Dragon Force grew destructive  so the king used Victini s powers to move the castle.
He died.
The princes put aside their differences and hid the slumbering dragon Pokemon.
Damon explains.
He hopes to restore the dead kingdom s valley using Victini s powers and reunite the scattered People  based on his mother s wish.
Damon also reveals.
He and Mannes found one beneath the castle.
Ash promises to take Victini.
Damon prepares to move the castle to start off his plans.
Using Sigilyph s powers  Damon has the barrier s pillars moved.
Who believes the king is summoning it.
Damon uses Victini s power to move the castle and redirect the Dragon Force s power.
Ash  Iris and Cilan try to stop Damon.
Their attempts are thwarted.
Damon found.
Victini recalls.
The king told it that if the castle was moved again  the Dragon Force would become destructive.
Retreating  Juanita suggests finding the second dragon Pokemon.
Ash ventures and finds the second dragon.
Both spot the destructive Dragon Force and join forces to stop it.
Damon s dragon releases Victini.
Damon is shown the Dragon Force  prompting him to use the castle to contain the unstable power from Reshiram and Zekrom.
The group evacuate the castle.
Ash  Damon  Pikachu and Victini remain trapped.
The Dragon Force s power grows deadlier and the castle floats up.
Damon explains.
The barrier s pillars must be destroyed to release the energy.
Ash collapses and falls unconscious.
The castle drifts up.
Victini uses its powers to revive Ash and blast apart the pillars  seemingly dying.
Damon  Reshiram and Zekrom guide the castle back and seal away the Dragon Force once again.
Later  Ash  Iris and Cilan visit a nearby beach  tossing one of Cilan s macarons into the ocean.
Victini appears and eats it  now free and has plans to restore the valley its way.
Damon begs  receiving it from his mother.
The film ends.
Victini  Ash and the others are shown reuniting the People in the restored valley.
<EOS>
Ignacio is the son.
They tried to convert each other but got married instead  then died.
Ignacio was young.
Now Ignacio is a cook.
However  he dreams.
Wrestling is forbidden.
Ignacio cares deeply.
His food is terrible due with.
To obtain quality ingredients.
One night  he is robbed in an alley  and decides to make money to buy better food.
He also reveals a desire to be respected  to overcome a sanctimonious friar.
Who mistreats him  and consummate his feelings.
Ignacio decides to disregard the monastery s rules and becomes a Luchador to make money.
He pairs up.
They pair and join the local competition  with Ignacio changing his name to Nacho to keep his identity secret.
Steven adopts the name Esqueleto  Nacho and Esqueleto are defeated  but are nevertheless paid.
Every wrestler is entitled.
They continue to wrestle every week.
Ignacio is  however  discovered.
Who promises to keep it a secret and admires him.
However   Ignacio starts to look for help.
Steven brings him.
Who tells Ignacio to climb  crack open the egg  and swallow the yolk.
He will gain the powers.
Ignacio completes the task  but still loses the following night s wrestling bout.
He decides to seek advice.
However   he realizes.
When he sneaks and gets thrown out  and later when Ramses shoves him after meeting him in the street.
Ramses is not to be admired.
But to be hated.
Ignacio s secret is revealed.
When his robe catches fire  exposing his wrestling costume.
He admits  intends to fight  for the right to take on Ramses  and for a cash prize.
He is Nacho.
He will use to make life better.
Thereafter both Esqueleto and Nacho compete.
Order to earn the right to challenge Ramses.
The wrestler Silencio wins  Nacho  due  comes in second place.
Feeling shunned  Ignacio leaves to live in the nearby wilderness.
Steven comes to tell him  he will  therefore  have to fight instead.
Silencio s bunions are swollen and therefore can not fight Ramses.
It is revealed.
Silencio s injury was caused because Steven had driven with a tricycle.
Ignacio is distrustful.
He had previously stated that he hated orphans.
Steven convinces him.
He no longer does.
Ignacio agrees to team up again.
That night  Ignacio sends a message to Encarnacion  explaining his plan and confessing his love to her.
Nacho does well despite initial difficulty.
Ramses resorts to cheating.
Nacho then is nearly defeated - indeed  unmasked.
Encarnacion then enters.
Elated and inspired  Nacho throws Ramses off  knocks him out  and jumps onto him with a flair recalling his earlier brush with eagle eggs and their supposed power.
Ramses is defeated.
Ignacio uses his prize money to buy a bus.
The film closes.
Sister Encarnacion take the children to see an ancient city  Monte Alban  built.
Ignacio   has earned Encarnacion s favor.
Demonstrated thereof.
<EOS>
Mickey Hogan is an orphan cabin boy.
His only friend is a black cat  called Man Friday.
A storm shipwrecks Mickey.
Where is made.
The next island is run.
Who lives there.
<EOS>
Robertson s title character is a professional cowboy.
Who wants to work the rodeo circuit and is given the chance  this stroke of luck after he is released from jail for the passing of bad checks.
He then hits the road.
Who likes Coop.
Coop must prove.
He is good.
Doing so is not easy.
<EOS>
A Jewish man tells his wife.
He was helped by Traitle Groshkover  whom he has invited in for soup.
She objects  saying.
Groshkover is dead  and that the visitor must be a dybbuk.
Groshkover arrives and laughs off the accusation.
She plunges an icepick.
Bleeding  he exits.
Larry Gopnik is a professor.
Whose wife  Judith  abruptly informs him that she needs a get so she can marry widower Sy Ableman.
Three other people live.
Their son Danny owes twenty dollars to an intimidating Hebrew school classmate.
The bill is hidden.
Daughter Sarah is always doing her hair.
Larry s brother  Arthur  sleeps and spends his free time filling a notebook with a probability map of the universe.
Larry faces an impending vote.
His department head lets slip.
Anonymous letters have urged the committee to deny him.
Clive Park  a student worried  meets with Larry in his office to argue.
He should not fail the class.
Larry finds.
He leaves.
An envelope stuffed.
Clive s father comes.
When Larry attempts to return it.
Larry accuses Clive.
He does not give him a passing grade.
Larry and Arthur move into a nearby motel.
Judith has emptied the couple s bank accounts  leaving Larry penniless  so he enlists the services.
Larry learns Arthur faces charges  despite his previous attendance at mixers.
To cope  Larry turns to his Jewish faith.
The two rabbis are either obtuse  oblivious  or obscure.
He consults.
His synagogue s senior rabbi is never available.
Larry s mental state reaches a breaking point.
When he and Sy are involved.
Larry is unharmed.
Sy is killed.
Larry pays for Sy s funeral.
Larry is proud and moved from nerves and marijuana.
Judith apologizes to Larry for all the recent trouble and informs him.
Sy liked him so much that he even wrote letters.
Danny meets.
Where the old man - who has had Danny s transistor radio - quotes almost verbatim from the Jefferson Airplane song Somebody To Love.
He returns the radio and counsels Danny to be a good boy.
Larry s department head compliments him.
He will win tenure.
Larry decides to pass Clive  whereupon his doctor calls  asking to see him immediately about the results of a chest.
Danny s teacher struggles to open the emergency shelter.
A massive tornado bears down.
<EOS>
The film uses a pared-down adaptation.
Retains many while adopting a perspective sympathetic towards Sita.
Animator Nina Paley starts the film living happily.
Her husband then accepts the offer and moves there alone to take up the position.
He calls to inform his wife.
The contract has been extended.
Bewildered to their separation  Nina sublets their apartment  leaves their beloved cat behind and joins her husband in India.
He appears deeply unenthusiastic to be reunited and demonstrates neither affection nor sexual interest.
A while later  Nina flies.
Where she receives a brief.
Sad and alone  she stays  finding comfort in a new cat and her study of the Ramayana.
<EOS>
The story revolves.
Is about to announce a film.
<EOS>
Austin Millbarge is a geekish  basement-dwelling codebreaker.
Who aspires to escape his under-respected job to become a secret agent.
Emmett Fitz-Hume  a wisecracking  pencil-pushing son  takes the foreign service exam under peer pressure.
Millbarge and Fitz-Hume meet.
Which Fitz-Hume openly attempts to cheat after an attempt to seduce his immediate supervisor backfires.
Millbarge  however  was forced to take the test  having had only one day to prepare.
His supervisor gives him a notice that was three weeks old.
Needing expendable agents to act to draw attention away from a more capable team  the Defense Intelligence Agency decides to enlist the two  promote them to be Foreign Service Operatives  put them through minimal training  and then send them on an undefined mission into Soviet Central Asia.
Meanwhile  professional agents are well reaching the real objective  the seizure of a mobile SS-50 ICBM launcher.
The main team takes a loss.
Millbarge and Fitz-Hume miraculously escape enemy traps  attacks  and other certain perils.
Eventually the bumbling pair encounter Karen Boyer  the only surviving operative.
The trio overpowers a mobile missile guard unit using hastily constructed extraterrestrial outfits and tranquilizer guns.
They begin to operate the launcher.
The vehicle launches the ICBM into space  targeting an unspecified area in the United States.
Thinking they have begun a nuclear war  the American agents and their Soviet counterparts pair up to have sex.
The world ends.
Meanwhile  the military commander bunker.
The purpose is thereby exposed as a means to test this anti-ballistic missile system.
Unfortunately  the laser fails to intercept the nuclear missile.
Is heading.
S.
And will almost certainly trigger a global thermonuclear war.
Back  the American spies use Millbarge s technical knowledge to force a malfunction in the launcher vehicle and transmit junk instructions to the traveling missile  sending it off into space.
Where it detonates harmlessly.
Immediately.
The underground bunker back is stormed by U.
S.
Army Rangers  and the intelligence and military officials involved are arrested.
Millbarge  Fitz-Hume  and Boyer go on to become nuclear disarmament negotiators  playing a nuclear version of Risk-meets-Trivial Pursuit against their Soviet friends.
<EOS>
A rich American arrives.
He wants to advertise a drink he produces.
There are also two men from Rome.
Who are.
The coming complicates matters.
<EOS>
A man places the two.
Who suspects his wife is having an affair.
Order to satisfy his voyeuristic curiosity.
<EOS>
The film opens.
He s had.
Which he directed a police officer to catch a purse snatcher.
Frank immortalizes these two events.
He hangs.
Later on  Sarah  a recovering addict  leaves Frank.
Who gets her hooked.
Frank sinks.
Where he has a vision in which he is touched and meets the Holy Avenger.
Who tells Frank that God has chosen him.
Frank believes.
God has chosen him to become a superhero and goes.
His claim is met from the foul-mouthed store clerk  Libby.
He is designing a new superhero.
Frank creates a superhero costume and assumes the identity.
Armed primarily  he begins to fight crime by delivering savage beatings to various rule breakers ranging from drug dealers and child molesters  to a man.
Who cuts at the movies.
The Crimson Bolt soon becomes a media sensation.
Initially  the media views The Crimson Bolt.
He begins to gain public appreciation.
Frank later attempts to rescue Sarah.
Jacques s thugs recognize him and shoot Frank in the leg.
He flees.
A wounded Frank goes to Libby.
His home is no longer safe looking for him.
Libby cajoles Frank.
She proves to be even more unhinged  using her superhero guise to almost kill a man.
Who may or may not have keyed her friend s car.
Frank decides to let her go  but changes his mind.
When Libby rescues him.
Libby soon becomes enamored.
Her advances are turned down.
Frank insists that he is still married.
Deciding  Libby rapes Frank.
It is different when they are.
The two are.
Going  Frank encounters a vision of Sarah in the vomit in his toilet and decides.
Now is the time to rescue her.
Armed  Frank and Libby sneak into Jacques s ranch killing the first few guards.
They encounter.
Eventually  they are both shot  Frank is struck.
Libby is struck and dies instantly.
Devastated  Frank goes into a rage  killing all of Jacques s thugs.
He has a final showdown with Jacques.
Jacques shoots Frank and wounds him.
Frank gains the upper hand  though  and stabs Jacques after a final monologue.
Frank takes Sarah home.
She stays before leaving him again.
This time  however  she manages to finally overcome her addiction and uses her experiences to help others.
She remarries and has children.
Frank realizes  Sarah was.
He was nt the chosen one.
If Frank and Libby did nt go that night  her children were nt never born.
Frank s convinced.
Her children will change the world.
Frank  now  looks on his wall of happy memories.
Frank s entire wall is covered from his time spent with Libby and pictures of Sarah s kids.
Who call him ` Uncle Frank.
Frank looks  then he focuses on Libby s picture.
A tear runs down his cheek.
<EOS>
Two safaris enter the African jungle intent.
Who is the heiress.
One safari  led  wants to make sure and escort her back to civilisation.
She gets the news.
She is now a rich woman.
The leaders want to kill the girl.
They can try to get hold themselves.
<EOS>
Seeta  a teenage girl  lives.
Who runs the house.
Seeta falls with Chandram.
Evil Gopalakrishna has an eye and hires goons to bash Chandram.
Who dies.
Seeta marries Madhava Rao  father  and makes Gopalakrishna realize his mistakes.
<EOS>
The body of eva Szalanczky  an apparent murder victim  is recovered from a forest.
Livia Horvath  bandaged around her neck is recuperating  and is told  the reason is not made explicit.
She will be unable to live her life as before.
The lesbian eva  already known  begins a new job as a journalist at The Truth  a weekly periodical  and meets the married Livia.
When the two women share an office.
The attraction is immediate.
Livia is initially resistant.
Late   the women are discovered by a policeman.
Kissing. 
Who warns Livia that her husband and employer will be informed if she is found again.
Eva is arrested  but soon released.
Eva finds.
The authorities have blocked an attempt.
Her understanding editor  a supporter  refuses to publish the article.
She resigns.
She is sacked.
Eva and Livia have a brief affair.
The previously mild Donci Horvath  an army officer  shoots his wife after her confession of love for eva.
Livia survives.
Her husband is imprisoned.
Livia rejects eva.
Who then journeys.
Eva is challenged to stop walking by border guards  but is shot dead.
When she fails to do.
<EOS>
The film begins.
Simar is almost unscratched.
Nikhil has major internal and external damage  as well as amnesia.
Simar is determined  and brings to reconstruct his damaged leg and face  and then later helping him with the hospital therapy.
Nikhil will get better and resume his life.
Simar s love and dedication wins him over.
Nikhil is at first cautious and wary.
He is released from the hospital and the couple return home.
Simar insists.
It s up to decide.
Whom to trust.
He finds evidence.
Nikhil meets up and goes through his personal files.
All was not well.
Now uncertain  Nikhil starts retracing his steps from the night of the accident  meeting with his old friend Tanya and divorce Simar for infidelity.
Who tells him that  he had planned to confront.
Nikhil hires a private investigator named Chamanlal.
Who discovers that the accusation is true.
Simar had been having an affair.
Nikhil secretly trails Simar one day and overhears her talking.
Which she insists that their relationship is over because she has fallen back with Nikhil.
However  Simar agrees to meet Kabir one last time.
Nikhil follows Simar.
Where he witnesses an apparent argument.
It is revealed  Kabir was never on the phone nor in the house  the whole while.
Simar staged the entire thing.
He has been dead.
Simar confesses.
Nikhil had found Simar and Kabir together.
He killed Kabir.
Simar had wanted to protect Nikhil.
She d believed his amnesia had been a chance to start their relationship anew.
Nikhil believes this story  and is temporarily reconciled.
He is then contacted.
Who claims that she has some new important information.
He finds her shot dead.
When Nikhil goes.
Nikhil informs Chamanlal.
He has been having more vivid flashbacks  and has an idea where Kabir was buried.
They drive out there and dig up the body.
Has been preserved.
However  the corpse s face is exactly the same.
Nikhil realises  and had been the one having an affair all along.
He is.
It is revealed.
The real Nikhil was emotionally abusive.
Kabir witnessed Simar being abandoned night at a party.
He picked her up.
Their affair began.
Kabir began to feel.
Simar was too possessive  and is even becoming an obsessed person.
Kabir had been trying to leave Simar.
Who threatened to commit suicide if he did so.
Just then Nikhil showed up and started a fight.
Ended when Simar shot and killed Nikhil.
They put the body  and buried the body in the snow in the jungle next to the border out of panic.
Kabir blamed Simar for the murder and is determined to go to the police.
Simar opposes this.
Kabir loses concentration and control of the car thus resulting in the accident.
Back  Kabir is angered.
His entire identity has been robbed when she ordered the plastic surgeons to reconstruct his face in Nikhil s likeness taking advantage of the fact that Kabir had lost his memory.
The doctors assumed Kabir to be Nikhil.
He had Nikhil s wallet.
He and Chamanlal soon decide to bring Nikhil s body  but is stopped.
When Simar shows up and shoots Chamanlal.
Kabir confronts Simar and is determined to tell the truth to the police and expose her by taking Nikhil s body to the police.
Simar shoots Kabir out to stop him.
Kabir fakes his death.
Order to con Simar and get her gun.
Status and his wife but Kabir resolutely mentions.
Driving Simar implores Kabir to assume Nikhil s identity to enjoy his wealth.
He is now going to take her.
Simar realizing Kabir does nt love.
Her anymore informs him that if he is nt going to be then she will make sure she kills him and herself together to bring them together in death.
Simar pulls the emergency brakes  resulting going through the windshield and then tries to run him over and to kill each other in another accident.
Kabir manages to jump.
Simar has a serious accident.
Kabir see.
S the petrol.
But Simar succumbs on the spot  leaving Kabir with no choice.
To leave her and instead get Nikhil s body and move away from the car.
It explodes.
Kabir is finally able to go to the police  bringing Nikhil s corpse with him.
The end credits begin over footage explaining his story to the police officers.
<EOS>
The Bach family gets a visit by their son Wilhelm Friedemann.
Who has just given up his position because he no longer could endure the reprisals taken by his superiors.
The family gets a visit.
He helps his sister Frederike to tell father Johann Sebastian to Christoph Altnikol.
Johann Sebastian is asked to take part.
Johann Sebastian  however  does not want to let his Thomanerchor down and so  he sends Friedemann.
Friedemann wins the competition.
Louis Marchand takes flight.
Many aristocrats  come to Friedemann to be taught in music  Friedemann is ordered by the court to write a ballet.
Is Comtesse Antonia Kollowrat.
Friedemann and ballet dancer Mariella Fiorini fall with each other.
Is also due the influence.
Friedemann is to be appointed court composer.
The ballet is successful.
Friedemann recognizes.
Antonia criticizes the ballet.
The court s superficiality does not go together.
Friedemann and Antonia fall with each other.
Friedemann promises to find a new position and to get Antonia to join him  his father will surely help him.
However  Johann Sebastian dies.
So  Friedemann is confronted.
Being demanded again and again to play music  he finally passes.
When applying off as one of his own.
The truth is discovered  Antonia and Christoph are unable to understand Friedemann  and responds Johann Sebastian but wants to be Wilhelm Friedemann Bach.
Who is frustrated.
He no longer wants to be compared.
Embittered  he joins a group.
Who regard him to be.
Friedemann wants to see her again.
Christoph comes to see him and tells him that Antonia had been waiting for him in Braunschweig.
Antonia  however  has meanwhile married Count Heinrich von Bruhl.
The Count arranges.
When Friedemann s group gives a performance.
Friedemann and Antonia meet.
Friedemann shows her his full embitterment   Friedemann has to leave Saxony.
She is still willing to help him.
Desperately  Friedemann offers one to a music trader.
Friedemann starts to argue.
One mocks Johann Sebastian Bach.
Who hurts Friedemann.
<EOS>
Bill Markham is an engineer.
Who has moved with his family to complete the construction of a large hydro-electric dam.
The construction requires large areas to be cleared  even more to be flooded.
Its completion will bring more people.
Who will clear the jungle.
Markham takes his family.
It is then  has bright green eyes the colour.
An Indian known as the Invisible People notices his son  Tommy  aged seven.
The tribesman decides.
It is unfair to leave the child.
He abducts the child.
Markham pursues them.
His son is gone.
The story jumps ahead some ten years.
The dam is nearing completion.
Tommy  or Tomme  has become part.
He is now called.
He lives  adopting their language  culture and way of life.
His father finds him but discovers.
He is not the son he once had.
Tomme s tribe is later threatened.
Markham decides to help his son.
That the way is not destroyed.
<EOS>
Jim Hardy  Ted Hanover  and Lila Dixon have a musical act popular.
Jim prepares to give his last performance as part of the act before marrying Lila and retiring with her to a farm in Connecticut.
Lila decides.
She is not ready to stop performing  and that she has fallen with Ted.
She tells Jim.
She will stay on.
Jim follows through and bids the act goodbye.
Heartbroken. 
Jim is back in New York City.
Farm life has proven difficult.
He plans to turn his farm called Holiday Inn.
Will only be open.
Ted and his agent Danny Reed scoff  but wish him luck.
Later   Danny is accosted by employee Linda Mason.
Ordering flowers from Ted.
Who recognizes him and begs him for a start in show business.
Danny refers her and gives her a pass to Ted s club.
That night  Linda sits.
Who pretends he owns a big club and is nt sure he could use an act.
Linda pretends  then escapes.
She s a celebrity and friend.
When the two performers come.
The next morning  Christmas Day  Linda arrives.
Where she meets Jim -- both realizing they were fooling each other the previous evening.
Jim is preparing the place.
They take immediately.
Jim sings her his new song  White Christmas  a song had the inn been open that night.
He would have performed.
Later that week   Holiday Inn opens to a packed house.
Ted learns.
Lila is leaving him.
Drinking heavily  he drives up to talk with Jim  arriving at midnight.
Ted sees Linda.
Wandering aimlessly.
Who remembers him.
They dance  bringing down the house despite his inebriated state.
Danny arrives.
As the dance ends and is ecstatic that Ted found a new partner.
The next morning  however  Ted remembers very little and does nt remember Linda at all.
Jim does nt say anything and hides Linda away  afraid.
Ted will steal her away.
Ted and Danny return to Holiday Inn in search of Linda.
Jim is ready and decides to run the night s big minstrel show number Abraham with disguised performers  including Linda  in an effort to foil the search.
Jim asks.
Applying Linda s blackface makeup.
She will stay.
Linda takes this.
Having come up empty  Ted and Danny will not give up and plan to be back.
Jim presents Linda with a unique Valentine  a new song called Be Careful  It s My Heart.
Linda begins dancing alone.
Singing the song to her.
He spots Linda and launches.
Ted enters.
Convinced  Ted demands.
Linda is the girl he danced.
Jim provide a number to perform on the next holiday.
Jim reluctantly agrees.
Ted and Linda perform in elaborate eighteenth century period costumes.
Jim attempts to sabotage their dance  changing the tempo.
Afterward  Ted asks Linda to join him.
Linda refuses  saying.
She has promised to stay and that she and Jim are to be married.
Jim plays it off.
When Ted asks him.
Ted is unconvinced  telling Danny.
He will continue to pursue Linda.
Romance continues to blossom between Jim and Linda.
They travel home.
Ted is sitting.
When they reach the inn.
Ted asks Jim.
He can remain  claiming he wants to experience the true happiness they ve found at the inn.
Jim is suspicious.
Linda is charmed.
Jim s suspicions are confirmed.
When he overhears Ted and Danny discussing an offer Ted received.
Desperate  Jim bribes hired hand Gus to ensure.
Linda does not arrive.
Linda tries to return and is picked up by Lila.
Gus drives the inn s car.
Who left the Texas millionaire after his tax problems were revealed.
Lila tells Linda.
Who is pretending to be a waitress  and that Lila will be Ted s partner.
Assuming  Linda directs Lila.
Jim arranged for her to take Linda s place.
Back  Ted is forced to perform a solo dance.
She finds.
When Linda eventually makes her way.
The opportunity stands.
Irritated for not trusting her to make her own decision  Linda takes the offer and leaves for Hollywood.
The producers want to make a film.
Jim reluctantly agrees.
The inn is closed.
Jim is deeply depressed  barely touching the turkey dinner prepared.
Jim is prepared to mail a recording of his new Thanksgiving song.
He plays it and makes negative comments over the positive ones in the recording.
He does.
Realizing and ignoring decorum  Mamie implores him to travel to win Linda back by telling her.
What is wrong.
He really feels.
Jim arrives.
As Ted is preparing to leave to get married.
Jim confronts Ted  then locks him in it.
Jim walks.
Linda films the final scene.
Who boasts it is the most exact recreation ever created.
Jim leaves his pipe.
Linda enters the room and sits  performing White Christmas.
Startled  she falters  then continues.
Jim s voice joins her.
Jim appears.
Linda runs.
The director yells cut.
Meanwhile  Ted and Danny learn.
They are too late to stop him.
Ted is reunited with Lila.
Who is ready and willing to perform again.
Jim and Linda prepare to stay together and run the inn.
<EOS>
Four babies can communicate with each other using ` baby talk   and have knowledge of many secrets.
The baby geniuses become.
Involved by media mogul Bill Biscane  later revealed to be known as Kane  who kidnaps children everywhere.
Helping the geniuses is a legendary superbaby named Kahuna.
Who stops Biscane s plots and saves children.
He joins up.
Who intends to use a state-of-the-art satellite system to control the world s population.
<EOS>
A group come in a light blue matador to Chola Picnic Village.
They take a room.
It becomes night.
It is a full moon day.
They go out the beach  lit a bonfire and enjoy.
All the girls return.
The song gets over.
One is missing.
Is Vasanthi.
One ask among themselves.
Where is vasanthi.
One answers.
She has gone.
She comes.
The bell is tied.
She goes and rings it for 3 times.
Then a beldam is shown and suddenly gets up and looks scarily on both the sides.
Who is sleeping.
Then again goes to sleep.
Then a Berlin carriage is shown.
One rubs the ground with one of its legs.
Then it is shown.
Vasanthi stops ringing the bell and returns back trying to lift the dog and carry it.
But the dog barks and PRK is found to stand.
He looks.
Then the dog gets frightened and runs away.
He sits and whips it.
The cart moves and Vasanthi starts running.
PRK gets hold her hair and takes her along with him.
The next scene shows Raja entering.
He goes and comes across a Berlin Carriage.
The carriage is halted aside two horses.
One is shown rubbing the ground with one of its legs.
Raja takes photo.
He comes based structure hung with a bell and tied to one of its legs.
A beldam is found to sit.
He introduces himself.
She stares him wildly and starts moving away.
He says her.
He has come to enquire.
She does nt answer him and moves away.
He calls her  she turns.
He takes a photo snap.
Then he comes.
Where he sees a father moving here and there.
He introduces himself.
He enquires.
Four to five days was found floating in the Picnic Village s Beach.
He says.
Police reported the murder to be a suicide  regrading that he requires some clarifications.
The father refuses to answer and asks him.
Who has given him permission to enter the picnic village.
He asks.
Whose permission is required.
The father says.
There is no any sort.
A formal permission is required and also asks him to get out.
Route is through picnic village.
He calls the father and takes a snap.
That time Lakshmana  the younger brother arrives there with smoking cigarette in his mouth.
Raja moves away.
Then scene shifts.
Has an embedded Photo cleaning room.
They wash the photos and chandran comments.
Raja also asserts it.
Additionally raja also says.
Their behaviour is also weird.
Some mystery is hidden.
Then chandran asks raja to take the photo and says.
These are essentials.
Then chandran enquires says.
He was forced to go out.
Chandran s wife jokes and offers them coffee.
Then Chandran enquires.
He is getting such sensational news.
For that raja replies.
Her name is Uma.
She is a steno.
The alleged suspect is none other.
Phone rings asks her to pick the phone.
She picks up the phone and says.
A person name PRK wants to talk.
Uma overhears their conversation.
PRK says to Sattanathan.
An Editor came to enquire about the girl s death that took place last week.
MLA says.
He would take care.
The next morning chandran while working receives a phone call from an inspector.
Who states that why does he unnecessarily investigates the girl s case.
For that chandran says  the police abuses him.
Investigation is a press s work.
Chandran asks him to mind his words.
Chandran asks him to put the headnews.
Raja says ask permission.
Vijay is today coming from his native and also asks employment for vijay in Dhinamurasu.
Chandran asks him to come tomorrow.
Vijay comes.
Raja says but he has to work.
His work has been confirmed.
Vijay accepts it and starts playing flute.
Devi listens and gets mesmerised.
Raja leaves.
The next day Raja brings Uma s blindfather and leaves.
There Devi is found seating.
He says.
He wants some clarification s regarding the picnic village.
The next day Saanthanathan finds that news.
Vijay gets selected.
That day  chandran gets phone.
Who says that he is calling.
Raja then takes him.
They return home.
They get the one rupee.
Who is a mechanic.
Vijay gets the house s key.
Who tells him that she will sleep.
The next day vijay  working asks him.
They are going to get food.
That day chandran overhears it and gives them.
A women known to Aandi thevarsays.
It requires money.
Raja gives the.
And asks aandi thevar to go there.
And they spend the night.
Now the song Nilaimarum ulagil song.
That time Devi s father comes upstairs and asks.
They are disturbing his sleep and provides them.
The next day morning  chandran receives phone call to come to his house around.
The next scene shifts a time in hotel  with raja saying advanced birthday wishes to her and also says.
He would like to give her a gift due.
She says.
She has a function and if he graces the occasion it would be the biggest gift for her.
Additionally she says.
Every month has stolen the photo of PRK  who is not the publicly known friend of Sattanathan.
So  the punishment is.
She has to offer herself.
Time lakshmana stands up and says that the receptionist girls will be caretaked by them and at the month end.
But this time you are sending me a girl.
Who you have caretaked and tries to rape her.
Then the scene shifts.
Who drinks a Soda.
Raja also comes by that way.
Suddenly a girl screams.
Uma comes running and chased by three people.
She heads.
Where two grab her two hands and third ones stabs her with knife.
Raja sees this and comes running.
The two people just moves.
Who grabbed her hands put her.
They drive.
The vehicle tries to reach there.
Every people close their shutters.
Who has a shop.
Aandi thevar comes and takes hold.
Then raja and thevar go to file the complaint.
There the police say.
It must have been a suicide case.
That night both go to raja s house.
Where devi is waiting outside to give Uma s letter.
They inform Uma and vijay.
The next morning raja and thevar goes along to the place.
Where murder occurred and enquires a small tea shop.
He says.
He does nt know.
DSP enquires the autodrivers.
They also provide the same answer.
Then fruit vendor  flower vendor.
All provide the same answer.
Tyagi rathnasabapathy enters the scene and says.
When they get fed up.
He would serve to whichever place he is summoned for.
Vijay and chandran also get introduced to deenathayalan and deenathayalan requests.
Them to assemble at night.
All assemble at his house.
He says  otherwise the suspects will not get trapped.
He would provide all sorts in a concealed manner.
The same night DSP and raja decide to go.
Sattanathan s people come and kill Uma s father with Uma s father died in a posture of keeping to check to raja in chessboard.
Implies Raja has a problem.
Sattanathan s people go.
Sattanathan and raja arrives.
Where they pull out vijay.
A small fight takes place.
Where vijay  raja and DSP drive away the thugs.
The thugs have actually arrived.
She had stolen.
DSP sees a photo.
When they are driven away three.
Then the scene shifts.
They spend the time merrily.
They are being watched by the beldam.
It becomes night.
PRK comes and makes karthik fall down unconscious.
When the couples are invloved.
Then shanthi escapes.
Where she is being helped.
The car starts.
When PRK opens the gate and approaches her to kill her.
That passerby admit her.
He also informs vijay.
Who was coming undressed.
He has admitted her.
One go there to kill Shanthi.
The time raja arrives there.
He hide.
Raja comes there.
He is stabbed.
Raja also kills that thug and brings Shanthi and dies there.
Vijay gets disheartened.
Then peter  ramesh  vijay all join hands.
Order to know the reason why prk does this.
Gets everyone and chains them.
He also reveals tat.
He loved someone  especially her eyes.
She cheated  so he wanted take eyes frm the girls  actually beldam is his step mother.
He see.
Who gives him info abt girls.
Atlast ` dsp gets to knw.
Ramesh and shanthi rejoin thus making the end.
<EOS>
Gerald is a boy born out.
His mother  Samantha Andrews  is a poor woman living.
Who collects ceramic dolls.
She meets Gerald s father  Edward Lamtet  a doll maker.
They fall.
Samantha gets pregnant.
Unfortunately  unbeknownst is already married  leaving Samantha to raise the child  Gerald  by herself.
Samantha being too proud to accept support money  Edward sends Samantha a Number 1 doll.
Gerald has trouble growing up.
He is slightly mentally challenged due.
Gerald has few friends  a clueless lush named Ethel  a mother-hen-like transvestite named Dolly  and the straight-and-narrow Kate.
Gerald is a good boy.
He loves bowling.
Not very athletic.
Gerald has been working at the Bowling Emporium for several years.
Helen is still a neighbor.
Samantha plays poker.
One day Samantha learns.
Gerald s father has died  and that the doll maker s son is positioning his company to be sold.
She realizes.
She can now provide more  because the doll she was given is a valuable Number 1 doll.
All the Number 1 dolls are needed to sell the company.
That night  she plans to tell Gerald and her friends.
Instead  Samantha unexpectedly dies and never gets to tell anyone.
Gerald decides to have his mother cremated.
Her ashes put.
Gerald takes the doll  and mother  everywhere.
One day  he takes her.
Someone steals the doll.
He is not looking.
The police have little interest.
So  Gerald takes it to find his mother.
He puts up fliers.
He checks the laundromat every day.
Helen helps Gerald set up a fundraiser at the Bowling Emporium to raise enough money for a private investigator.
We learn.
Gerald can actually take care  financially at least  because he is an excellent bowler.
However  he injures his foot and must go.
Where ironically he sees a little girl  or so he thinks.
Gerald confronts the girl and discovers.
There are many.
The next day  however  Gerald gets an anonymous tip.
Allows them to track down the doll maker  only to find out that the doll maker has died and that the son is about to sell the company  along with all the Number 1 dolls  within the next couple of days.
They make an appointment to visit.
Mother s doll has mysteriously.
The son ignores Gerald s request for the doll back and continues to prepare for the sale of the company  pushing it up to the next day.
Neither Gerald nor the son put two-and-two together to realize.
They are brothers.
Helen sees an uncanny resemblance.
Gerald is desperate.
Gerald and  decides to break into the toy company after closing to steal his mother s ashes back.
That night  Gerald  Helen  Dolly  of Dolly s leather-clad friends  break into the building and make it to the museum  passing by security and avoiding the son.
Who is.
The son and his group find Gerald trying to get  and a fight and chase ensues.
Gerald and the gang are attempting to exit the building.
The chase ends.
Where the son pulls a gun and insists.
The son s assistant   finally tells everyone the story about Gerald s mother and.
Who was his father s assistant.
She came to own the Number 1 doll.
Everyone   realizes.
The son and Gerald are brothers.
The lawyer also realizes.
This makes Gerald part owner  due to a flaw in the doll maker s will.
This leaves Gerald very rich and more importantly  the owner.
Contains his mother s ashes.
But Gerald does not forget his roots.
He is rich.
He marries Helen and continues to work.
He now is the owner.
Everyday  Gerald s mother watches.
He comes and goes by the door.
<EOS>
Carol Mills is a mother.
Who has a troubling relationship.
Unable to live any longer  Annie moves out and marries her boyfriend Ken Carman.
It soon turns out.
Their marriage is a failure.
She decides to move.
Not much later  Carol receives a message  informing her.
Her daughter accidentally died.
Crushed  she learns.
Annie had a life insurance policy  with Helen as beneficiary.
She starts to suspect and tries to collect evidence.
Annie was actually murdered because of that.
<EOS>
Tarzan and Jane are traveling to help his old friend Countess de Coude.
Who is being threatened.
Rokoff has Tarzan tossed overboard.
He survives  comes ashore  and goes to Paris to search for Jane.
Tarzan reunites with his old friend Paul DArnot.
Who informs him that Jane was taken.
Tarzan returns just  and soon defeats Rokoff and his henchmen.
<EOS>
A group addresses.
The school should deal.
But sexuality is still an unresolved issue themselves.
Sexo con Amor is the story.
Three are ambushed by their own erotic passions.
They each profess undying love.
Hopping enthusiastically  leading to sometimes tragic and sometimes hilarious effects.
<EOS>
Express Engineering Corp is building a highway.
Fuji.
Challenged  foreman Shiro Tsutsumi and his crew are plagued with protests and sabotage.
Nearby  a survey team is killed.
When their helicopter is destroyed.
A small boy  Eiichi Kanamura  grandson  finds reporter Okabe snooping around.
Okabe and Eiichi check out a strange light.
Leads them.
Running  Okabe ditches Eiichi at the cave  but runs into Gyaos.
Who devours him.
Shiro and his crew arrive just.
It is realised.
Gyaos ca nt withstand fire.
Realising this  Gamera grabs the young boy and gets him.
Zoologist Dr Aoki investigates Gyaos  prehistoric origins.
The public is put.
But  Gyaos seems to be the victor.
He still annihilates the Japanese Self-Defense Force and heads for Nagoya.
Gyaos wreaks havoc.
Gamera shows up  fighting the flying beast.
Gamera holds Gyaos in the water.
The sun rises.
But Gyaos  sensing his mortal danger  chooses to sever his own foot and flies off.
A plan is put.
Would draw Gyaos after experiments reveal that the sun causes the severed foot to shrink.
The Defense Force constructs a rotating platform.
Gyaos  landing and drinking the artificial blood  will be held in place by the centrifugal force and not be able to get off.
The sun rises.
The plan ultimately fails.
It all comes down.
Ends when the sun rises.
The weakened Gyaos is killed.
When Gamera drags his archenemy.
Fuji.
Afterwards  Gamera is then seen flying off.
Fuji and heads home.
<EOS>
Panchu Kumtekar lives a near-destitute lifestyle along with his school-going brother  Shiri.
He makes a living with the assistant of another poverty-stricken male  Choti.
He has a friend.
Who sells Cavendar cigarettes by wearing stilts.
One day Ashok meets with each.
Shiri is unable to pay his fees and is expelled.
A local prostitute  Prema  comes.
But he does change his mind  accepts her help  they fall and get married.
Ashok then gets employed  starts earning enough money to support them all  and even moves into a 3 room apartment.
Panchu decides to go honest and finds work.
Then their lives are shattered  Ashok  depressed and devastated  decides not to box anymore  Panchu decides to back  unknowingly extorts money from the mother of Police Inspector Moti  is subsequently arrested  and jailed  Prema gets run over by a horse-carriage  Shiri takes to selling candy on trains  tries to escape from a ticket-checker and falls off of a running train.
When Sonu s Goa-based dad falls ill  she goes to visit him  killing everyone on board.
Will Prema and Shiri recover.
<EOS>
Beijing  11th Asian Games  autumn.
North Korea s Li Bun-hui faces off against South Korea s Hyun Jung-hwa  Bun-hui loses.
Jung-hwa is beaten.
Who takes the gold.
Six months later   Jung-hwa is finishing her preparation for the 41st World Table Tennis Championships  to be held in Chiba  Japan  aside from caring for her father in the hospital  she is under huge local pressure to win a gold medal this time.
Just  it is announced  under a newly designed Korean Unification Flag and with a North Korean  Jo Nam-poong  as its chief trainer.
The North and South Korean teams will compete as a single unit for the first time.
Quarrels and fights break out between the two  mutually suspicious sides  exacerbated by young Northern hothead Choi Kyung-sub and Southern joker Oh.
Jung-hwa shares a room.
Who fancies.
Bun-hui rooms.
Who suffers badly.
Soon-bok performs poorly and steps down in favor of Jung-hwa for the good of the team.
Now paired together  Jung-hwa and Bun-hui settle their differences.
The players finally start.
Game-By-Game  the two find a budding friendship.
They train.
But  the Koreans  unity is threatened.
The finals looms.
The two young women must prove.
When political winds change again and just as suddenly an announcement is made to disband team Korea.
Teamwork can outshine the dark shadows.
<EOS>
Lim Teng Zui is a WAS technician.
Who is a single father.
He is employed.
Tanya stays and has a single mother  a blogger.
Whom she has neglected.
He has drawn little salary  and strives hard to earn more so.
He can buy her a piano and original abalone.
Alan Lui  the CEO  briefs Lau Chee Hong  Eric Tan and Uncle Tiong about Minister Seetoh accompanying China s Minister of Manpower  Mr Chen and his delegates will be visiting the department.
They decide to put the things outside temporarily.
However   Lim s poor work ethics  combined with his incompetence causes the minister to fall during a photoshoot.
When the wall gives way due tapes instead of nails.
An investigation is carried out.
` finger-pointing  is done to find the scapegoat.
Which Lim is blamed.
His bonus is cut.
Lim stems his anger.
Their confrontation leads.
Which he chases Ms.
Chew s 1998 Seat Toledo until the vehicles collide  causing both to run off the flyover and fall down to the beach.
The duo are knocked unconscious  and are sent to the hospital.
There  they are  but amazingly  both recovers.
Lim wakes up and finds out.
He is.
Whereas Tanya is.
They are forced to accept and work under their respective bodies  occupation.
Lim upgrades her/his skills.
Tanya idles around  performing poorly.
The department grossly overspends and the CEO  together with Chee and Eric  two department heads  plans to shut down the department.
Who had been offended.
Tanya and Lim plan to put on a successful Job Fair Exhibition.
That the CEO would think twice.
Tanya and Lim try ways  but red tape and lack of information gets in their way.
They would have to wait at least three months to be able to do anything.
However  it proceeds smoothly.
Tanya hires a pyrotechnics operator.
Who is actually a demolition expert.
The Job Fair is realized.
Chee and Eric attempt to sabotage the Fair.
Tanya and Lim repaired quickly.
Tanya and Lim deal.
They come on stage  with the Minister.
However  the stage catches fire  combined with the pyrotechnic launcher s disobedience and the direction of the launching cannon towards the curtain.
Having trapped  the people dash about the stage in every direction  finding a way out.
The Minister finally finds an escape route.
When a taped board falls off.
Many have run down without any single casualty.
Thus the situation is.
Tanya rescues Lim s daughter.
The Civil Defense firefighters arrive.
A board looks into the actions during the fire.
Lim was awarded for his use of masking tapes to save 53 lives and his initiative to invent a fire escape wall.
Two months later  the statutory board has folded.
WAS shuts down.
Uncle Tiong retires.
Eric is sacked and has his pension confiscated.
When their plot is discovered.
Chee becomes the first director to receive pink slip for skills obsolete.
The CEO is blacklisted  but later establishes the Minced Pork Organisation.
To be dissolved months later.
Lim and Tanya  having going other than working  decide to re-enact the accident in an attempt to switch back to their original bodies.
They start their same vehicles and drive off  doing the same collison.
Lim and Tanya s attempts are revealed to be unsuccessful.
They still marry.
And they have a child together.
<EOS>
Sydney homicide detective Sergeant Scobie Malone and his offsider investigate the murder.
Whose corpse is found.
Malone had met Helga previously and discovers and involved.
She was a high class prostitute who was also a mistress.
It is shown.
Helga was blackmailing the minister and his wife  along.
Eventually it is revealed.
Helga was killed.
Malone becomes convinced  but powerful influences intervene.
He gets off.
The Minister resigns  citing ill health  and travels with his wife.
Malone criticises his boss  Inspector Fulmer and is suspended.
Fulmer later suggests he come back.
Scobie elects to stay.
<EOS>
A stranger walks during a rainstorm on Christmas Eve.
He tells the desk sergeant.
He wishes.
The stranger refuses to reveal his name  preferring to be known.
The officers start freaking out and almost assaulting him just as detective Alexander Black walks in.
The stranger states.
He will confess.
The officers start dying.
When he starts describing each murder.
He explains  while the stranger himself is incarcerated.
The stranger notices a dedicated text  and finds out the pen.
The officers continue to panic.
Was a gift.
The officers think.
The stranger could be a suspect whom they illegally tortured a year ago when they were investigating the disappearance  yet were unable to disprove the suspect s innocence.
However  they realize.
The victim should still be in a coma that resulted from their brutal torture  stationed at a medical facility.
The officers then telephone the facility to discover.
The victim had died earlier that evening.
The officers believe.
The stranger is a vengeful spirit.
Detective Black starts talking in Gulf War.
The remaining officers continue to die.
Detective Black starts apologizing for killing an innocent suspect.
Which the stranger says that he was the one who murdered his daughter.
Detective Black then stabs his daughter s golden-metal pen to avoid hearing the stranger s confession.
Black s dead daughter then appears under his desk.
She tells him she knows the name into his deaf ear   making him fall through a window of the police station and die outside on the street.
Which the detective decides to shoot the stranger.
<EOS>
Remy is an anthropomorphic rat gifted of taste and smell.
Inspired  Remy dreams of becoming a cook himself.
Remy is separated and ends up in the sewers of Paris.
When his clan is forced to abandon its home.
He hallucinates the spirit and takes his advice to look around outside  eventually finding himself at a skylight overlooking the kitchen of Gusteau s restaurant.
Alfredo Linguini is hired by Skinner  the restaurant s devious current owner and Gusteau s former.
Remy watches.
Remy falls.
When Linguini spills a pot and attempts to recreate it with disastrous results.
Cooks the soup rather than escaping.
Linguini catches Remy and misdirects the chef s attention.
Taking arguments.
The soup is accidentally served and found to be a success.
They are arguing.
Colette Tatou  the staff s only female chef  convinces Skinner to retain Linguini.
Who is misattributed.
Linguini discovers Remy s comprehension and intelligence.
He takes Remy home.
Remy and Linguini find a means to overcome the inability to communicate.
Remy can control Linguini by pulling on his hair.
Hidden  Remy helps Linguini demonstrate his cooking skills to Skinner.
Skinner assigns Colette to train their new cook into the profession and the restaurant s practices.
Suspicious  Skinner learns.
The boy is Gusteau s son and proper heir.
Remy discovers the evidence and   brings it to Linguini.
Who removes Skinner.
The restaurant continues to thrive.
Linguini and Colette develop a budding romance  leaving Remy feeling left out.
Meanwhile  Remy reunites.
Who take him back where the entire clan are now living.
Remy turns down the offer.
Thrilled to discover that his family is safe.
France s top restaurant critic Anton Ego  announces.
Whose previous review cost Gusteau s one.
He will be re-reviewing the restaurant the following evening.
Remy leads his clan in a raid on the restaurant s pantries.
Linguini catches them and throws them out.
Skinner  now aware  captures Remy in an attempt of using him to create a new line of frozen foods for him.
Remy is freed.
He returns to find.
Linguini was unable to cook.
Linguini  spotting the rat  apologizes  and explains the truth to the rest of the staff.
The staff then walks out  believing.
Linguini is insane.
Colette later returns  Anyone can cook  from a bookstore window.
Django arrives.
Remy directs the rats to cook.
Linguini runs the front.
Remy and Colette create a variation of ratatouille.
Brings back.
Anton requests to see the chef  Linguini and Colette wait until the rest of the diners have left to introduce Remy and the rats to Anton.
Anton writes a self-castigating and glowing review  stating.
Gusteau s chef is nothing less.
Gusteau s is closed down due to Skinner s efforts to report a rodent infestation.
Anton loses credibility.
However  Anton eagerly helps fund a popular new bistro  La Ratatouille  created and run.
The rats  meanwhile  settle.
<EOS>
The film revolves - singer Carolyn Crosson  her boyfriend Gilbert London  child actress Sally Shine  Abigail Gregory  I.
And I could nt dance.
Sally says.
The whole party was a surprise birthday.
Abby  Buzzy  Jill  Q and Sally then board the service elevator  catching up.
Anna manages to escape in their elevator.
The lightning strikes again.
Both groups plunge downward.
Sally forgives her sister.
They both turn  breaking the curse and slowing both elevators to a stop.
The groups are saved.
They all go on the top floor  restored to its former glory.
The ghosts then ascend to Heaven  along with the other partygoers.
Abigail  young once more  appears  meeting up once.
Who gives her a surprise birthday present  a bracelet.
The Gregory sisters then join hands and vanish  breaking the curse on the hotel.
The Tower is re-opened  with Q taking charge.
.
<EOS>
Lieutenant Julietta Perodi  who has a passion  falls in love with two United States Air Force pilots  Col.
Tom Ferris and Col.
Tank Martin.
Julie marries Ferris.
He convinces her that his friend  Tank has been killed.
She soon discovers happily married.
Martin is alive  but remains.
Martin  her former love  re-enters their lives 14 years later.
London-based Ferris  now a military attache assigned  especially General Parker has been neglectful of his wife.
She is prepared to seek a divorce.
When Martin uses his influence to have Ferris shipped for an Arctic survival course.
Steals a V.
I.
P jet and wings.
It to Rome to reconcile.
Martin really wants to keep his single lifestyle  and ca nt see himself.
Two years later   the Ferris family has twin boys.
Ferris continues making life easy.
I.
P.
S. 
Gen.
Tank Martin  Thunderbirds air demonstration team.
Who is now flying.
<EOS>
Koi Tujh Sa Kahan revolves.
Their lives become bumpy and rough.
The life of this couple is on a smooth track with the efforts of a very thoughtful individual.
<EOS>
Krabat  a beggar boy  is lured to become an apprentice to an evil  one-eyed sorcerer.
Together  he works at the sorcerer s mill under slave-like conditions.
Learning black magic.
Every Christmas one has to face the master in a magical duel of life and death.
Where the boy never stands a chance because the master is the only person who is allowed to use his secret grimoire  The Koraktor  or the Force.
One Easter while performing an annual ritual  Krabat meets a girl and falls in love  but has to keep the romance secret.
Order to protect her.
Krabat starts to sneak up at night to study the forbidden book.
Krabat finds a phrase saying  Love is stronger than any spell.
This is used.
When he ultimately has to defeat his master.
<EOS>
A giant mosquito flies in through a window to feed on a man in bed.
Who repeatedly tries to shoo away his assailant.
Eventually the mosquito drinks itself so full.
It explodes.
The mosquito s abdomen fills up according to its structure in a remarkably realistic fashion.
<EOS>
The movie tells the story.
He became a national hero.
When he made Maccabi Tel Aviv in the late Seventies  one of Israel s first great international sporting successes.
But Max became a national traitor equally fast.
When he then accepted the against-all-odds job.
Max always maintains.
Germany - where he was born - means nothing to him  and that training their national team is just another job on his path to NBA glory.
But things are nt as simple.
He refuses to speak German.
The only person is a Turkish immigrant woman Deniz  and her cheeky teenage daughter Sema.
He seems to be able to relate.
Max just about falls with Deniz - and does succeed in reinventing the Germans as European champions.
- it is not.
When he discovers what happened in the.
What he had expected.
And he will realize.
One can not run away forever.
<EOS>
Peter Appleton  an up-and-coming young screenwriter  is.
Who are dreaming up ways to radically change the plot.
Not long  a meeting attended to impress a girl.
He learns that he has been accused.
He claims he only.
His new film is pushed back for a few months  the credit is given to someone else  his movie star girlfriend leaves him.
His contract is dropped.
He gets drunk and accidentally drives his car.
He is knocked unconscious and wakes up.
He finds himself.
Who takes him.
The townsfolk believe him to be Luke Trimble  one  and embrace him as a symbol of hope.
Luke is at first mildly hesitant to embrace this life.
He eventually settles  starts to restore The Majestic theater  an old movie house.
Had been closed.
Meanwhile.
C.
Congressional committee member Elvin Clyde is convinced.
Appleton s disappearance is proof that he is a Communist.
Clyde sends two federal agents to search.
Back  not everyone believes.
Luke is back.
Bob Leffert  a one-handed veteran is convinced  he also believes.
Who knew the real Luke and did not like him not only.
Peter is not Luke.
This stranger is setting the town up.
A few days later  the town throws a welcome home party.
The town then asks him to play the piano.
He used to do when he was a kid.
But.
He was taught to play.
He runs into Bob.
Then punches him.
When Peter makes a remark.
Peter  Harry  Adele  and the other staff members and the rest of the townsfolk work together to restore the theater to its former glory.
Peter also convinces the town to finally display a memorial that President Franklin D.
Roosevelt had commissioned  but.
The town did not have the heart to erect.
Peter recovers.
When The Majestic shows a movie he wrote called Sand Pirates.
Harry suffers a massive heart attack before the reel change  halting the movie.
Doc tells Peter.
Harry s condition is fatal and that he will die soon.
Peter lets.
Him die believing that he is really his son.
Peter tells Adele.
He has regained his memory and knows that he is not Luke.
Adele admits.
She suspected it.
However  federal agents discovered.
He can break the news.
Ellerby and Saunders confront him publicly  having tracked him down.
His car washed up.
The agents present Peter to appear before Congress.
When Sheriff Cecil Coleman asks if he can help the federal agents.
That night  the theater closes early.
No one shows up to watch the shows.
Peter talks.
Who tells him that he realized that Peter was nt Luke the moment he heard Peter pounding on the piano  which Luke could never learn to play.
He kept that knowledge  realizing.
The town needed Luke to be the town s hope.
Peter then leaves ownership to Emmett and Irene  the theater s vendor.
Peter s agent advises him to admit and then denounce his past associations  and presents him with a list of named Communists.
He could read.
Initially  Peter reluctantly agrees.
An argument he finds in a pocket-sized copy of The Constitution  inspire Peter to instead confront the committee.
Was written from the real Luke trying to explain to Adele that he knows he might die for a real cause.
Is televised.
Wins the crowd over.
Fearing a political backlash  the lawmakers let him go free.
Peter then finds out.
It was the girl that he went to the college meeting with years before that named him to the committee.
Peter sits in with the same group of unseen studio executives.
Were heard.
Finally  exasperated  Peter walks away.
Peter then returns  fearing an unwelcome reception.
He receives.
A hero s welcome.
The epilogue shows.
Peter has resumed ownership and management.
Still photos reveal and have a son.
Adele and Peter have gotten married.
<EOS>
The short starts stork delivering a baby to the nearest available home.
Sylvester s wife  wanting a baby  graciously receives the package.
Sylvester is nonetheless excited.
He learns the baby is a mouse  at which point he tries to eat it.
His wife quickly stops him.
He tries again  only to stop.
When she goes out.
The mouse calls him Daddy.
Sylvester s attitude changes entirely on.
He takes him.
Unfortunately  the neighborhood cats are not so enamored.
He is forced to run back.
Several cats try to steal the mouse  using babysitter  salesman and Santa disguises  cutting holes.
Is. 
To be foiled.
Who. 
He usually ends up getting foiled.
The stork  meanwhile  returns to deliver the mouse.
Sylvester  believing it to be another cat  stops the mouse and is pulled up instead.
A later scene reveals two mice walking him  Nothing like this ever happened on my side of the family.
<EOS>
Paulina Escobar is a housewife married.
One day a storm forces her husband Gerardo to ride home.
She is convinced.
The stranger  Dr Miranda  was part and that he tortured and raped her for weeks while she was blindfolded.
Paulina takes.
Him captive to determine the truth.
He is innocent.
He is the one  and forces her husband to be Miranda s attorney.
Miranda conspires to agree to a false confession  so they write one up and present it to Paulina.
Enraged  Paulina deems Miranda  and threatens to kill him.
Miranda succeeds  and threatens to kill her.
Gerardo tries to stop her.
He is not freed.
Paulina hits him and.
A struggle gets back.
Miranda implores Gerardo to call the place out the door to the edge of the cliff.
Where he claims to have been as she leads him blindfolded.
Gerardo contacts the hospital.
Where Miranda s colleagues confirm the story.
He races to inform Paulina  at last convinced.
Miranda is innocent.
Paulina refuses to believe it  however  saying.
The doctors created alibis in order to conceal their identities.
Accepting defeat  Miranda finally tells them.
He really was the doctor  that he enjoyed brutalizing Paulina  and that he was sorry that the old regime fell.
Enraged  Gerardo attempts to throw Miranda  only to realize.
He can not bring himself to take a life.
Paulina apparently accepts the confession.
They both leave Miranda.
He stares down.
The camera simulates someone falling off the cliff.
Seen. 
Paulina and Gerardo are at the same concert  looking down with his wife and sons.
Where the film began also present.
Paulina and Miranda cast uncomfortable glances  and look away.
Miranda glances down again.
The camera shows Gerardo glancing up.
<EOS>
Andy Paxton is an arrogant  obnoxious pop idol and constantly abuses his staff.
Who is about to be divorced.
He begins an engagement at the Huntington Hartford Theater in Los Angeles  his infant son is kidnapped.
Paxton insists on playing along with the kidnappers.
Though they keep stringing him along and have no problem.
<EOS>
Being too friendly has Casper enrolled into a Scare School headed by the two-headed headmaster Alder and Dash.
When playing named Jimmy  Kibosh  The King of the Underworld.
He befriends Ra  a mummy and Mantha  a zombie girl.
Who keeps falling apart.
He and his new friends must stop him.
When Casper discovers the two-headed headmaster s plot to use a petrification potion to turn Kibosh and take over the Underworld and Deedstown.
<EOS>
He gets disqualified and suspended.
When jockey Muggs is mistakenly accused.
To make matters worse  Muggs  horse is being threatened to be sent.
It s up  with a little help from elderly horse-and-stable owner to keep the horse safe.
<EOS>
The story describes the efforts  to travel to an annual Headmasters  Conference.
Having been habitually late and disorganised  Stimpson has grown up to become fastidiously punctual.
His school runs.
He is the first headmaster.
Honour usually being reserved.
He boards the wrong train on his way to the conference  loses the text of the speech  and suffers a series of setbacks.
He tries to reach the conference.
<EOS>
The movie is.
Who loves horror movies she watches them all the time  yet is never frightened.
She begins to sleepwalk out of her house  resulting in her parents getting angry.
They forbid her to watch anymore horror movies  however there s a new movie called The Wisher out.
Is a huge hit.
Her father tells her.
She s not allowed to see it.
She sneaks out anyways.
She says and goes and sees the movie.
She leaves.
I wish he would just go away.
Surprisingly  a scene is too much.
Her and she leaves.
Her dad goes but then dies unexpectedly in a car accident.
She then notices one in the movie following her around.
The wisher grants it.
Whenever she makes a wish bad.
<EOS>
The blue-collar working world  with period-style footage and clips from Fritz Lang s Metropolis  is accompanied by Shepherd s voiceover narration as the adult Ralph.
The fourteen-year old Ralph and friends Flick and Schwartz endure bureaucratic terminal official boredom  to get their working papers  to be able to apply.
The next day announces.
He  Flick and Schwartz have job interviews  and Mom notices that the family dog  Fuzzhead  seems to be missing.
Narrator Ralph describes this.
Traumatized our family.
The three friends interview s Used Furniture Palace   they are hired  in a truly historic moment.
Where narrator Ralph describes the owner.
The three friends fantasize.
What they ll do.
Clocking in  the trio proceed to their first assignment - depicted in stock footage as enslaved workers descending to a dark basement.
Mom calls the police to report Fuzzhead s disappearance  and announces.
He leaves  that she s not going on any vacation.
Fuzzhead is found.
Mom posts hand-drawn crayon reward posters  and places an ad in the newspaper.
The Old Man   laments the likely delay of his vacation.
The first day is difficult and exhausting  as the trio struggle to move a mammoth refrigerator up five flights of stairs.
Ralph is so sore and stiff.
His joints creak and pop.
The next day  back  the trio move an identical refrigerator up another seven flights of stairs.
Ralph toils ceaselessly at Scott s.
Repeatedly dragging the Old Man out to drive.
Ralph has eerie nightmares  including a towering  laughing refrigerator.
The next day  having seen Mom s badly-sketched reward posters  people arrived with their mutts  trying for the big reward.
Ralph s summer job ends abruptly.
When the three friends are fired.
Then a miracle happens - the Old Man  driving around again  spots Fuzzhead in the rear window of a black Rolls Royce  and gives chase  all the way to the home of the rich dowager.
Whose doorstep the dog appeared.
Fuzzhead returns  left with only her memories  a montage of meals on crystal and pampered treatment.
Ralph fibs  saying he quit his job to spend time with the family.
The Parkers are free to pack and  as narrator Ralph describes  begin their epic road trip.
The trip includes drastic overpacking due to squabbling among the kids.
The Old Man insists.
Narrator Ralph describes the scene  beset on all sides by strange creatures  the lost mariner searches and searches  in the Sargasso sea of life  Rounding out the road trip  more unnecessary shopping  a Dutch lawn windmill  Ralph s confession of forgetting the fishing tackle  being stuck behind a live poultry truck.
Cows surround the car.
Panic over another magically appearing carbound bee.
The Old Man learns.
When the family finally arrives.
The fish have stopped biting.
Ralph discovers.
The Old Man had packed the fishing tackle.
The pair walk out  as a few drops of rain fall.
A torrential downpour develops  and into every available pot and basin.
Narrator Ralph describes  all day  everyday.
Ralph s mom reassures him.
The credits roll.
<EOS>
The movie tells.
The story called Chembattunadu in Chamarajanagar District on the borders of Karnataka  Kerala and Tamil Nadu  which is popular as Chattambinadu for the presence of several goons and hooligans.
It was the severe animosity between Mallanchira and Kattappilly families.
Has caused the arrival to the land  including him  which made Chattambinadu notorious.
The film begins.
But Kattappilly Nagendran  plays all ways to stop the sale.
The local police inspector informs Chandramohan.
Who also has strong passion.
Chandramohan approaches Mallayya.
Who refuses to take up the mansion.
But.
Who also hails.
Mallayya   arrives along with Murugan  his secretary.
Who speaks Malayalam.
Who is also more.
He comes across Vadival Vasu and his family consisting of daughters Gowri and Meenakshi.
To create a rift  under the instruction  Dashamoolam Damu  on one night steals the lorry of Malayya and drives it into the house of Vasu  demolishing it.
But Mallayya promises to repair the house.
Murugan   takes them along to Mallayya s house.
Who had developed a soft feeling towards Meenakshi.
DrLakshmi comes to know from her brother.
Nagendran has decided to marry her.
Shocked Lakshmi even witnesses Nagendran violently thrashing her fiance  making him flee.
Lakshmi explains her condition.
Who promises her all help.
Gowri.
Who witnesses their conversation mistakes them.
She gets.
Jealous as she had fell in love with him.
Chandramohan   tells Mallaya  about Veeru  his servant boy  and ran away with all his hard earned money.
Who had once attacked his father Mallanchira Unnithanaraghavan.
Chandramohan also adds.
His only aim is to find out Veeru and avenge him by killing him for the crime done to his father.
Veerendra Mallaya  is really shocked.
He is none other.
Chandramohan   approaches Mallaya to get them married.
Also Vasu wants Mallaya to marry Gowri  his elder daughter.
One night Mallaya reveals his story.
Whom he had assaulted to escape years back.
Unnithan had got Veeru  a Kannadiga boy.
Who understood not a single world from street.
Unnithan and his family took care well and treated him as their own son.
One sudden day   Unnithan gets into an argument with Kattapilly Kurup.
Who tries to snatch the suitcase consisting.
Runs away with the bag.
But  he comes back to see.
Unnithan is severely wounded as attacked.
Kurupp  then calls up people and tells them.
It is Veeru who had killed Unithan  making him run.
He assaults Vasu and jumps in to river.
The police inspector  asks him things.
Who arrests him.
Veeru  accepts his charges.
Who knows not a single word is confused  where by.
But.
He is framed.
He also adds.
It is Kattappilly Kurupp  who is.
Mallayya is also shocked to find Unnithan.
Who is now.
Nagendran   has gone forward with his plan to marry Lakshmi  but is saved by Mallaya.
Who gets her married.
Mallaya is shocked to see the old police inspector.
Who is now the father.
He shows his willingness to help Mallaya to reveal the truth  but gets killed by Nagendran on the same night.
The people recognizes.
Who Mallaya is and is waiting.
Nagendran expands his net and gets the crowd gather.
Where Mallaya arrives.
The rest is.
Mallaya succeeds.
<EOS>
Dave Harmon  an army officer.
S.
Is sent  a lawless city is not well received.
Where it must impose order and stop the violence  but there the law.
<EOS>
Cynthia is traumatized after leaving him in a bathtub and accidentally drowning her baby.
She and five decide to go on a vacation.
They take a plane somewhere  but are plagued and are forced to land the plane on a lonely deserted island.
The six set camp and the next morning  Paul stays.
The others set off to find help.
They come.
They meet the owners  an elderly married couple going by the simple names of Ma and Pa.
The group are welcomed to spend the night.
Lynn starts smoking and Pa scolds her and demands her to smoke outside.
Later  Lynn and Cynthia discover.
Ma and Pa have a child  Fanny  who looks more but claims she is.
That night  Ma and Pa throw more strict rules  no cussing.
They force the girls and boys apart  preventing premarital sex.
The night passes.
The next morning  Rob goes and finds Fanny pushing her brother  Woody on a crudely-crafted swing.
Rob is invited to swing and agrees.
The group finds out and mourn his loss.
Later  Lynn and Cynthia are outside and Lynn talks.
This family is a bunch.
Lynn leaves and consoles Fanny and reluctantly agrees to play games.
Fanny shows Cynthia her baby  thought to be just a doll.
It turns out to be the remains.
Cynthia meets another brother Teddy.
Who Fanny explains Cynthia is her friend.
Meanwhile  Lynn stumbles playing jump rope in the woods.
She is attacked and presumably killed.
Lynn insults them.
Cynthia tells Jeff.
Jeff tries to console Cynthia.
They kiss.
Fanny   sees and becomes jealous.
Who wants Jeff.
She confronts the two and kills Jeff.
Cynthia explains her fear.
Ma attacks her saying.
They are all wicked people.
Cynthia flees and Ma finishes Jeff off.
Cynthia runs  finding Lynn s corpse hanging from a tree and a frightened Terri.
Cynthia explains everything and learns.
Paul and the plane are missing.
Woody and Teddy find the girls and chase them.
Terri and Cynthia find Fanny.
Terri reveals a gun and holds Fanny  forcing her to help them get off the island.
They show Fanny and demand their help to get off the island.
To save his daughter  Pa tells the girls.
Where a boat is.
He leads them.
Where Paul s corpse is lying.
Cynthia and Terri flee.
Teddy and Woody light Paul s body.
Night comes.
Terri and Cynthia spend the night.
Terri and Cynthia run back  but are attacked by Woody and Teddy.
Teddy pursues Terri with Cynthia.
Terri is caught and has her neck snapped.
Teddy rapes Terri s corpse  Woody tattletales and Teddy gets a beating.
Cynthia watches.
Cynthia eventually breaks down and pretends to be one  celebrating Fanny s birthday and dressing in a pink gown to match Fanny.
However  the flashbacks get to her  she goes mad  bludgeoning Fanny to death with a metal washtub.
She then murders Woody.
She then confronts Ma and stabs her.
She finds Teddy and stabs him.
Pa discovers his family dead and goes outside only to be shot by Cynthia.
Who has taken revenge and killed the demented family.
The film ends.
Cynthia goes upstairs  sits and slowly begins rocking the cradle  singing a soft lullaby.
<EOS>
An Indonesian fishing boat abandons a group on a remote part of the Western Australian coast in.
Told there is a bus  the men are abandoned to a desert the size of Poland.
Three men elude capture and begin an epic but confused journey drawn on by their hopes amplified by the empty desert.
Most are quickly rounded up.
Pursued with playing ball sports and music  the three protagonists wander deeper into trouble  searching desperately among the harsh beauty of the Pilbara for evidence of a Western  liberal democracy or the promised bus.
Only one finds.
<EOS>
Urmi  a newly married young bride is left behind.
Her husband Arvind goes off.
Inder  her husband s cousin falls with her and proposes to her.
Unable to deal her for a child  Urmi escapes into a relationship with Inder.
Urmi has to deal.
When the relationship comes out.
The family s accusations but also her lover s cowardice.
Declared guilty  Urmi demands justice from a court made of all the village heads.
Where her husband s neglect and her lover s cowardice are revealed.
<EOS>
Kesava Panickar an honest government engineer.
Who assiduously resists any offers.
His only son selected.
Govindanunni gets.
Which Panicker is too proud.
Unni is.
Their marriage is almost fixed.
But changes are seen.
He joins the college.
Getting  Unni turns into alcohol  grass and porn  and stops attending his classes.
Raghu  the son manipulates Unni by all means.
Unni starts taking bribes and eventually culminates in stealing money from his own house.
He alienates his father and gets thrown out of home.
He finds accommodation at the house of sin.
Later he finds it difficult to stay there.
His friends began avoiding him when he was not able to pay them his part.
Meanwhile  he is frequently visited.
Parvathi was able to make him realise his faults but even she is not able to unite him.
Afterwards  Unni fixes his marriage  without the consent of his father.
Dr Gopi  a family friend realize his mistake.
Who financially supported Unni makes Unni.
He reaches his father to apologize.
Was his dead father.
What he finds.
<EOS>
The film begins.
A medical breakthrough has permitted the human lifespan to be extended beyond 100 years.
The first shot shows a young man lying.
The woman is 28-year-old Kathy H  she narrates the movie and reminisces at a boarding school called Hailsham House  as well as her adult life after leaving the school.
The first act depicts the young Kathy  along with her friends Tommy and Ruth  spending their childhood at Hailsham in the late.
The school seems to be somewhat unusual.
Students are encouraged to create artwork normal for school children.
Their best work gets.
There is also a strong emphasis.
When it comes.
Miss Lucy quietly informs the students of their nature  they exist only as organ donors for transplants  and will die - or  rather  complete - in their early adulthood.
The following day Miss Lucy is no longer working.
Kathy and Tommy fall in love.
Tommy falls.
Ruth and Tommy stay together at Hailsham.
The three friends  now young adults  are rehoused in cottages on a farm.
They are permitted to leave the grounds  seeing it as inevitable.
They wish but are resigned.
They meet former pupils of schools similar to theirs.
Of whom one day sight a woman.
Ruth is ecstatic.
It turns out.
When she  Kathy  Tommy  and the two witnesses travel.
There is very little resemblance.
Ruth  bitter and disillusioned  rages.
All donors are modeled  meaning that they are cloned from the people lowest in society  or  in her words  in the gutter.
Kathy and her friends hear rumors of the possibility of deferral - a temporary reprieve from organ donation for donors and can somehow prove it.
Who are.
Tommy becomes convinced.
The Gallery was intended to look into their souls and that artwork sent to the Gallery will be able to verify true love.
Hoping to hear a declaration from him  she is visibly distressed.
When he reveals that his failure to send artwork means he can not apply with Ruth for a deferral.
The relationship becomes sexual  putting a strain on Kathy s friendships with the two.
Kathy  feeling the need to distance herself  leaves the cottages to become a carer - a clone.
Who is given a temporary reprieve to do the job of supporting and comforting donors as they give up their organs.
Tommy and Ruth s relationship ends shortly.
It is not depicted but revealed.
Ten years later  Kathy is working as a carer.
She has watched many clones gradually complete.
Their organs are harvested.
Kathy has not seen Ruth or Tommy.
Kathy happens to meet Ruth again.
Working. 
Who is frail and unwell.
They find Tommy.
Who is also weakened.
The three drive to the sea as a short trip at Ruth s request.
There  Ruth asks.
She admits.
She has always known that Kathy and Tommy were meant to be together because their love was real  whereas Ruth was with Tommy because she was jealous of his closeness to Kathy and afraid to be left alone.
She tells.
Now she wants to put it right  then claims  she has found the address  Madame from Hailsham  may grant deferrals to couples in love.
She has found a means to do so.
Whom she thinks.
Kathy accepts the opportunity.
Shortly afterward  Ruth dies.
When her liver is extracted.
Kathy and Tommy finally begin a relationship  sharing a passionate kiss to him  before getting into bed together.
Tommy explains to Kathy.
He has been creating art that it will convince Madame to give them a deferral.
He and Kathy drive to visit Madame.
Who lives.
The two teachers sympathetically tell them.
There have never been any such deferrals.
They also explain.
The purpose was not to look into their souls  but to determine if they had souls at all.
Hailsham had been  to consider the ethical implications of the donor program.
It had closed down owing.
It is strongly implied.
Kathy and Tommy leave.
Madame is Kathy s original.
Kathy and Tommy take.
Tommy requests Kathy to stop the car to let him out and subsequently breaks down.
They drive away.
Kathy consoles him.
As she had done at Hailsham when Tommy would fall into fits of rage when bullied  and the two weep in each other s arms.
The ending sequence returns to the first shot of the movie.
Where Tommy is being anesthetized.
The film ends.
Her organ donations will begin month.
She has come.
Contemplating the ruins  her voice-over ponders.
Whether her fate is any different.
<EOS>
Sanju Weds Geetha begins.
He leaves.
There he meets Geetha.
Who is seen helping a beggar.
He is instantly infatuated.
He pursues her to like him  too.
The strict and strong-willed Geetha gives into Sanju s good nature.
They soon become very close.
Sanju looks and likes her even more.
When Geetha reveals a dark childhood story.
The evil cousin finds out and then he misbehaves with Geetha.
She forces Sanju to marry her soon  he agrees and tell her.
They will be marrying the very next day.
Geetha runs away.
The evil cousin abducts and takes advantage of her.
Sanju finds out something and rescues her.
Is amiss and finds Geetha.
He gives the evil cousin a chase then.
He hunts him down and kills him.
Sanju is sentenced.
He asks her to marry someone else.
When Geetha visits him.
She becomes more depressed.
Geetha visits one of their previous meeting spots.
She slips  hurts her head  and looses her memory.
A series follow leading to the ultimate demise of Sanju and Geetha.
<EOS>
The cartoon opens.
Gracie has a baby while practicing  and is nt able to stay very long.
Hippety slips  and wanders off.
Gracie goes off to perform.
Meanwhile  Sylvester is bragging.
He took about his own size.
Unfortunately  Hippety shows up  leading Sylvester into a panic.
Junior urges Sylvester to fight Hippety   and says.
They both think he s a giant mouse.
If he does nt  he ll disillusion a child s faith.
The result is a fight.
Hippety wins.
Then Sylvester chases him off.
They pass the workman  - but  he stands in the center of the sidewalk.
Who treads the participants in the chase to do the same.
When they do not.
Plays Taps.
He sinks.
Sylvester is led.
Right  he starts gloating again.
When Junior enters his sight.
Sylvester says.
He wished Hippety was twice as big.
Ironically  Gracie comes out  causing both the cats to run off.
Hippety gives them a friendly wave.
The cartoon closes.
<EOS>
The film takes place during the Second Sino-Japanese War.
It is narrated.
Who reminisces.
She was a poor girl.
Who was sent into a pre-arranged marriage with an older man.
This man  Li Datou   suffered.
Who owned a distillery.
They are attacked.
Her wedding party crosses a field.
The hired sedan carrier fights off the assailant.
A series are exchanged.
The man disappears.
She reaches the winery.
He returns.
Jiuer is returning.
We see him wearing the same mask.
Who attacked them three days before.
He kidnaps Jiuer.
Reveals his identity.
He then clears some sorghum.
They engage.
The young widow takes.
The leper was mysteriously murdered.
Has fallen.
She inspires the workers to take new pride  and once again meets the man.
Who saved her life and then deflowered her.
He arrives drunk and tries to claim her  telling the distillery workers  but she tosses him out.
How he deflowered her and that he is going to sleep.
He makes a fool in his drunken rudeness.
He sleeps.
The bandits kidnapped Jiuer and asked.
The bandits did not rape her.
She told them she had slept.
Later  the man comes back again.
Who had intercourse.
When they make the first batch.
He takes four vats and urinates in them  shocking the employees.
He meant it.
Somehow his urine makes.
The liquor taste better than ever before.
The longtime distiller  Luohan  leaves  presumably because of her affair with the hired bearer and the resultant bastard son  the narrator s father.
The style shifts from fable to realism.
The Imperial Japanese Army troops invade the area.
The Japanese soldiers order forced laborers to flatten the sorghum fields.
The widow Jiuer and the winery workers are.
The Japanese then order a butcher to skin the bandit alive.
The butcher resists  but is given a choice.
A reminder not to resist.
The butcher is near.
He choose to kill Shanpao to avoid skinning him.
He is machine gunned.
The butcher s assistant is given the task  to skin Luohan  the distillery worker  be skinned.
He himself.
He does the skinning  and loses his mind.
The narrator then identifies many atrocities during the war and notes Luohan as a member of the Communist guerrilla resistance.
They then have a liquor tasting ritual.
Where they celebrate Luohan and his liquor  where Jiuer recommends the distillery workers avenge his death.
All toast with the liquor   with the same song.
Does Jiuer s son  the narrator s father.
Luohan sung.
They set an ambush and take liquor with them to use as a fire bomb.
Is urinated.
Later  the boy runs back and tells his mother.
The men are hungry.
She arrives to be machine-gunned by the Japanese.
The ambush is a noble disaster.
Their homemade liquor grenades destroy the Japanese trucks and troops  as well as most.
There is nothing but scenes of death  with the narrator s grandfather and father observing a red eclipse symbolic of the death and destruction and the red color of the liquor.
The narrator s father is left chanting a prayer.
<EOS>
Saritha is a working woman.
She works hard to support her widowed sister  unmarried sister  her blind younger brother  her mother  her drunkard brother Murthy Rajnikanth and his family.
Her father abandons the family and becomes a saint.
Her brother not only does not take responsibilities  but also creates additional problems.
She has a longtime boyfriend.
Who wants to marry her.
She does nt to her family.
His eyes now wander.
Who reciprocates his feelings.
Saritha   arranges.
Them to get married  thus giving up her chance.
She eventually accepts a marriage proposal.
When she realizes that her brother has become responsible enough to take care.
She also helps her distressed friend  played to settle in life.
She decides to resign  but could not as the result of turning point in a typical Balachandar style climax.
<EOS>
A widow must find a roof.
When the War ends.
Luckily  a Frenchman about offers her the house.
He is about to vacate.
But a high-placed local bureaucrat does not agree.
She decides to go to the capital with her children to speak to the president of the Republic.
Based.
<EOS>
Criminal and jazz aficionado Akira and his prostitute girlfriend Fumiko are arrested.
When they are spotted fleecing foreigners by a reporter named Kashiwagi.
Akira meets Masaru.
They and Fumiko resume criminal activities.
They spot Kashiwagi and his artist fiancee  Yuki  hit him and kidnap her.
They take her.
Where Akira rapes her while Masaru and Fumiko fornicate.
The three rent an apartment with money earned from fencing the stolen car.
Masaru and Fumiko commit.
He joins a yakuza gang.
Yuki tracks Akira down and informs him.
She is pregnant.
Kashiwagi has become distant and haughty.
She pleads.
Akira arranges to seduce Kashiwagi.
That the couple might again be.
Masaru is killed.
Fumiko discovers.
She is pregnant.
She resolves to get an abortion and resume her prostitution career.
Akira and Fumiko meet Kashiwagi and Yuki.
Where Akira reveals that each woman was impregnated  to the amusement of the former couple and befuddlement of the latter.
Akira was renamed Al.
<EOS>
Dr Martin Harris and his wife Liz arrive.
However   Martin realizes.
Arriving. 
His briefcase was left.
He takes a taxicab driven.
The cab crashes off a bridge into the river.
Martin is knocked unconscious.
Gina saves him.
She is an illegal immigrant.
Day  Martin regains consciousness at the hospital after being in a coma for four days.
Martin returns  only to discover another man with his wife.
Who claims she does nt know him.
He attempts to contact his old colleague Prof.
Rodney Cole.
Who is unavailable due.
S.
Martin then heads.
Leo Bressler.
Whom he is scheduled to meet that day.
However  he sees the impostor  Martin B  already.
Martin B shows him his ID and family photo.
Martin attempts to prove his identity.
Of which have Martin s name  only.
Disillusioned  Martin falls unconscious and finds himself back at the hospital.
Smith  an assassin sent to target him  kills Nurse Gretchen Erfurt.
Martin escapes.
He then seeks help.
Martin s only clues are his notebook and Gina.
Who works after being fired from the taxicab company since the incident.
Jurgen digs up information related.
Martin attempts to persuade Gina.
He discovers.
The summit is to be attended.
Prince Shada has survived numerous assassination attempts.
Jurgen suspects.
Martin s identity theft may be another attempt.
Meanwhile  Smith and another assassin  Jones  attempt to eliminate Martin and Gina.
The couple escape at her apartment.
Which Gina kills Smith  and a car chase.
Martin looks and sees a set of numbers written by his spouse.
The numbers correspond.
Appear. 
Using the schedule written  Martin confronts Liz.
Who tells him that he left his briefcase.
Meanwhile  Jurgen receives Cole  and discovers.
Both Cole and Martin are members.
Realizing Cole is there to kill him  Jurgen commits suicide.
Order to protect Martin.
Martin parts ways with Gina.
She sees and chases.
Him kidnapped  and steals a taxicab.
Martin wakes up and is told by Cole.
Martin Harris is a cover name  and that he  Liz and Martin B are assassins sent to target the summit.
His memory was altered.
He injured his head.
He believed.
His fake Martin Harris persona was his own identity.
Gina rushes in and stops Jones.
There is a brief fight.
Ends when Gina drives her car and squashes him against Cole s van.
Gina drives her car and sends it plummeting out the car park with Cole still inside  killing him in the process.
Martin discovers a hidden compartment and finds two Canadian passports  realizing he.
Liz were three months prior to plant a bomb in the suite.
Is to be occupied later.
Having become aware in the assassination plot  Martin seeks to redeem himself by thwarting the assassination and heads for the hotel with Gina in tow.
They are immediately arrested.
Martin convinces them.
He then realizes.
Prince Shada is not the target  but Bressler  who has developed a genetically modified breed that is capable of surviving any climate  easing the world s food supply problem.
Billions of dollars would fall into the wrong hands.
Liz uses her own copy to remotely access Bressler s laptop and steal the data.
There is a bomb.
Seeing  Liz tries to disarm the bomb  but can not reach the disarmament button and is killed.
Their assassination attempt has been foiled.
A section is blown up.
Martin kills Martin B  the last remaining assassin.
He could murder Bressler.
Bressler later announces his project.
Will be displayed for free.
Martin and Gina board a train.
<EOS>
School is out.
A group go on a hike with Vic  an experienced guide.
One teen  Alan  butts head during the film as Vic s attempts to teach life lessons annoy Alan.
The more extreme the lessons come.
The more defiant Alan gets.
Alan s defiance and Vic s aggressive lessons culminate.
Alan then has to use his skills and some to get down from the mountain.
<EOS>
Chandra Pratap Varma AKA King hails  having taken over the legacy and riches after the death of his father Raja Varma.
King has a younger brother Ajay  mother  maternal uncle and his late father s three sisters.
Who are married.
Their husbands are.
The uncles steal money.
S. 
They make.
It look like that the employee Chandu s responsible.
King believes and fires Chandu.
Suddenly  King knew.
The uncles hid the money.
He kept quiet cuz.
He did nt want to ruin his family s honor.
King s uncles are jealous.
King s brother gets kidnapped.
King rescues his younger brother.
King s late dad s sisters  husbands plan to kill King indirectly.
This planned day arrives.
King goes away.
Where he meets his bodyguard  Munna and another employee  Swapna.
This mysterious guy s.
King leaves airport.
Guy tries to shoot King  but misses.
King chases him  but does nt see him.
Unfortunately  Swapna was working all along.
Swapna shoots King.
Who s presumed dead.
King s bodyguard sees King  but does nt tell police the truth.
2 say.
Other evil uncle s responsible.
1st evil uncle escapes and it s assumed.
He s responsible.
Mother believes.
Her son King s safe.
Another story thread is incorporated.
Who falls with a singer Shravani.
Shravani does not care  so Seenu poses.
A software engineer named Sarath to impress her.
Shravani s elder brother knows B.
S.
But I do nt know.
Srihari would get mad.
S.
Loving Shravani.
B.
S.
Pretends to be Sarath  Srihari gets fooled too.
Who wears tie  shirt  and pant.
Real sarath imposes Raghu rokda by mistake.
Cop mistakes Sarath.
S.
And beats him.
Meanwhile  the villainous uncles send goons to look  thinking.
He s still alive.
They run.
He thrashes them.
Same 1st evil uncle proposes a deal  and asks him to pose as King and return to the palace.
Shravani and Srihari mistaken him again.
They accompany him.
Another twist s.
Munna s evil too.
He has picture.
Swapna s none other.
He committed.
Suicide cuz nobody believed him.
She and mysterious shooter were hired.
Now s.
She s hired to kill King s bro.
King s brother brings home his fiancee.
Suddenly  B.
S.
Attacks Pooja.
Few seconds later  he has no idea.
What happened.
Srihari believe.
King s spirit came to get revenge and controlled Sharath.
.
S.
Gets engaged.
Swapna knows.
It s not King who s living right now.
Bhagath hires bunch to dress up in black and kill King s imposter and brother in palace during night.
Bhagath does nt trust girls.
Tells baba to kill Swapna.
Sarath/BS s controlled and saves Deepak from Swapna.
Another twist  King s bro met.
Swapna rt before she killed King.
She feels.
Deepak depends too much so he told her to kill King.
3rd twist  BS/Sharath is revealed.
He calms his bro down.
Munna s revealed  but captures Baba.
Baba reveals his motive.
Deepak  Swapna  and Swapna is Chandu s daughter.
Swapna s told.
What really happened that day  but does nt kill Varma.
The father and friends were Munna s people.
Who took care.
Munna s real name s probably Raghu rokda.
Varma says.
Deepak s mistake s unforgivable.
Varma s family members r feeling sad  so he decides to leave.
He dies.
Takes place.
Varma s mother leaves and does nt want anyone to look.
Everyone else s probably still mad.
4th Twist s dat King s still alive.
He reveals his plan only.
Same Bhagath s henchman  King told him  I want u to tell me Bhagath s evil plans.
Who kidnapped Deepak.
Munna took him.
King got shot.
Swapna s details were fake  so they could nt find her.
He decided to play this double role drama.
Bhagath s henchman/King s informer reveals the shooter s working too but did nt find details about Swapna.
None had nothing to do with it.
When King met his evil uncles again.
King s informer blew up Varma s car.
Varma escaped.
This was Varma s plan too.
Informer put a bomb too  so King talks to Bhagath on phone.
Bhagath dies.
King pretends to be Sarath.
Final Twist  BS/Munna s father and friends were responsible.
They did it to make it look.
King s spirit came.
<EOS>
Wealthy pianist Eric Blade tries to locate his missing runaway sister.
His journey takes him.
The police are nt really interested.
They find out she is the daughter.
<EOS>
Kerry Carlson goes with her boyfriend  Hunter  to visit his childhood friend  Patrick.
Two weeks later  Kerry is found dead.
Her mysterious death has destroyed the world.
Who was supposed to go but canceled at the last minute.
Emma starts having nightmares about Kerry.
Emma travels to investigate the mysterious circumstances surrounding her best friend Kerry s death.
Distraught and haunting visions of Kerry  Emma refuses to believe.
The death was an accident.
Where Kerry died.
The locals do nt want to talk.
Her quest  to find out  targets.
What really happened.
One local villager named Patrick  who she believes may have been fatally obsessed.
Desperate to prove  it is nt long.
Patrick was involved.
Emma believes that the village may be hiding more secrets than she thought  and that foul play may have led  or murder.
Is nothing.
What Emma discovers.
What audiences discover when the truth is finally revealed at the movie s shocking conclusion.
<EOS>
I visualize the romance of Roman Porn.
I attempt to share.
Image  a loosely-connected series unfolds.
The plot concerns Kyoko  a young Japanese woman married.
She returns.
When he abandons her.
She engages in sexual escapades with a wide assortment of people  including old friends  both male and female  and an entire soccer team.
<EOS>
The movie begins.
She realizes.
She stands to lose her job along  especially who are not likely to subscribe to the new management s policies.
Feeling betrayed she spews out her venom.
Is supposedly written by someone named Azaad.
This letter openly criticizes a.
The letter also says.
The author would commit suicide from a high-rise building on 26 January  the Republic Day of India  if certain conditions are not met with.
The new owner  Seth Gokulchand  along with another bum friend of his.
Who happens to be drifting.
Subhashini offers him a job asking him to pose.
The bum sees a chance to make a few quick bucks.
He has nothing to lose.
Subhashini makes use.
Azaad is steadily introduced.
His native  down finds instantaneous appeal with the people of the town.
This draws gullible public.
Word spreads and soon people from the surrounding rural areas drain in to attend his public appearances.
This gathers momentum.
Soon Azaad becomes a cult figure.
Seth Gokulchand initiates the idea.
She very efficiently works.
This results becoming a kind of a nation-wide hero  and is soon perceived as a threat by the local politicians as a potential national leader.
Later he learns he decides to sacrifice for nation and prove.
He has been used however.
He had evolved.
Azad becomes a leader.
Corrupt politicians challenge him to prove his love.
He jumps under construction building to prove that and dies but before that he records a message for his supporters and urges that AZAD should evolve in each one of them.
<EOS>
Kathleen has carried around the haunting memory of her father abandoning her and her mother on Christmas Eve.
She blames her mother and now refuses to celebrate Christmas at all.
It has not forgotten her.
She tries to forget her past.
Kathleen she finds.
Herself stuck with two strangers during the days leading up to Christmas.
Sam  a gentle older man Kathleen took  the daughter of her soon to be fiance bring her face to face with the hurts of her past.
She has to choose.
<EOS>
It begins.
When Krishna a young photographer and his girlfriend Sona accidentally run down a young woman after a night s party on a deserted stretch of East Coast Road  near Chennai.
They decide to leave the dead body and drive away.
Later Krishna discovers something strange.
When he finds a mysterious shadow that appears.
Krishna has been experiencing shoulder and neck pains.
He thinks.
S just a bad picture.
Then he realizes.
There is something much more sinister.
Unable to cope  they start investigating the phenomenon.
Leads. 
Sona had found the girl.
Sona goes and starts taking pictures of the college and the library.
Was hit and was.
Friends have also committed suicide  by jumping off the buildings.
Flashback reveals.
Krishna had once dated Nandhini  as the relationship ended dumping her.
Nandhini cutting herself and.
They go and visit her mother.
She continues to haunt Krishna and Sona.
Where it is revealed that there is a coffin and revealed that she committed suicide and her mother could not bear to cremate the body.
Krishna is haunted  and ends up been thrown off a fire escape.
Sona releases  so Sona leaves him.
Krishna s friends had raped Nandhini and revealed the Krishna had taken the photos.
Still haunted  Krishna begins to take pictures around the apartment to find the Nandhini   the Polaroid takes by itself.
He throws the camera.
It s revealed that the mysterious neck pains were all  as Krishna is thrown off the apartment.
Sona visits Krishna  the reflection shows the Nandhini still sitting on his shoulders.
<EOS>
Set  Bardot plays Ursula  a young girl.
Who has just left a convent and has moved.
Ribera wants to see Lambert  a young man  dead.
Ursula quickly falls with Lambert.
Lambert kills Ribera in.
The reason soon becomes clear to Ursula  he was having an affair with her aunt.
However   she refuses to confirm Lambert s alibi and forces him into becoming a fugitive.
When Florentine discovers her lover has no intention.
Ursula  always impulsive  runs off.
Together they seek a way to get him safely out.
<EOS>
A woman tries to put some new life by delving into the world of Japanese.
Every morning  she prepares a cute Japanese lunchbox.
Who works.
Frank is more interested and secretly throws his lunchbox away.
Anyone sees it.
<EOS>
The movie opens  at the time of the big party before summer break.
Is seen showering and writing a letter.
Most are outside listening to the headmaster s speech one student  Rebecka.
A year later the student Sara   is attending her final year.
Who witnessed the suicide.
Two new students  math genius Felix and diplomat son Leo  start to study.
Sara and her friend Therese start to tell them  Strandvaskaren.
100 years ago a farmer slaughtered three male students before drowning himself in the nearby lake.
He is believed to return once every year.
There is a tradition to have a party at that day in the barn.
Where the farmer once lived.
Sara finds out.
The farmer killed the students to avenge the rape and murder.
It was all covered up.
The rapists were upper class.
Sara s former boyfriend Mans and his friend Ynge try to pull a prank on Sara.
The drunken Ynge tries to rape her.
Sara pushes him away and runs.
While Mans yells.
Sara runs out and finds Mans current girlfriend hanging dead.
Ynge goes to have some milk and is killed.
Mans find the hysterical Sara and tries to calm her down and apologize.
A masked man appears and rams an axe.
Sara runs off.
Sara locks into a storeroom and calls for Therese and Felix to help.
Sara finds an 8 mm film.
Had belonged.
Rebecka had a brother who has a weird similarity.
Felix shows up and tells Sara.
He and Rebecka were siblings.
They were separated and put away.
Their father was mentally unstable.
He swore to avenge her  dressed up  and started to kill the students.
When Rebecka died.
Who tormented Rebecka.
He asks Sara to not say anything but believes.
She would any way and tries to kill her.
Sara knocks him out and runs away.
Therese falls and breaks her leg.
Sara climbs down.
Morning comes.
Felix awakens.
He finds Sara and Therese   and climbs after them.
Who are too afraid to call.
Sara and Therese crawls down the pipe and kills her off screen.
Sara manages to reach the lake and escapes.
She keeps her eyes.
When Felix comes out  but falls asleep.
She has no idea.
When she awakens.
Long she s been sleeping.
Felix is nowhere to be found.
Felix tries to climb.
Sara cuts his hand.
Felix tries to attack once more.
Sara apparently kills him.
Felix sinks down.
Sara is saved and reunited with Leo on the beach  the police try to fish Felix up but instead find the farmer.
Sara and Leo leave the boarding school and graduate.
Sara looks out over the sea of people and suddenly sees a sign with the words written in red paint My beloved sister Rebecka.
The film ends.
Even though she can not see him Felix is still alive.
<EOS>
A former world-famous conductor  known as The Maestro  Andrey Simonovich Filipov  had had his career publicly broken by Leonid Brezhnev for defending Jewish musicians and now is reduced to being an alcoholic working as a mere janitor in the theatre.
Where he once conducted.
He intercepts an official invitation to replace a concert with the Los Angeles Philharmonic Orchestra.
Cleaning his boss  office.
Was canceled.
Filipov comes up.
Who also have been reduced to make a living.
Was interrupted.
It turns out that Gavrilov has his own agenda.
Gavrilov and Filipov demand several conditions   one of those conditions is  her agent  Guylene de La Riviere   is reluctant to allow that   but Anne-Marie insists.
They are forced to accept  since the concert is significantly less expensive.
The solo violinist is Anne-Marie Jacquet  who famously has never played Tchaikovsky s concerto because she is afraid  but has long dreamt of playing it with the Bolshoi and particularly with Filipov - whose fame outside of Russia has not diminished.
Who is also Anne-Marie s adoptive mother.
She is acquainted.
She has no option but to accept.
The orchestra is also forced to accept the sponsorship.
Who likes to play the cello.
He does so terribly and who is part.
Once  the entire orchestra disappears partying and raising money in other jobs such as taxi drivers  movers or translators.
The unprofessionalism.
The performance serves.
Sasha convinces her to come.
She believes them to be scientists.
Who died in the Alps.
Irina were best friends  Leia was an accomplished violinist and the soloist at the time of the interrupted concert thirty years before in Moscow.
It turns out Filipov and his wife.
They suffered.
Was banned.
They were deported where they spent the rest of their lives.
Leia  Anne-Marie s mother  lost her reason and played the concert for her husband until her death in.
Was followed later.
Baby Anne-Marie managed to escape.
She was hidden away at the behest of Irina  Filipov and Sasha.
The entire orchestra  after receiving a SMS message from Filipov  appears at the Theatre despite the fact.
They should play.
Not a single rehearsal has taken place.
The real manager of the Bolshoi   appears at the theatre to prevent the performance.
Who happened to be vacationing and learned about the concert by chance.
He is tricked.
Who locks him.
The concert has a wobbly beginning due.
They all manage to reach Filipov s ideal spontaneous harmony.
Anne-Marie mesmerizes everyone.
The concert is a huge success.
Filipov is able to restart his career.
Who joins him.
<EOS>
Madhukar and Jaggu are Hitler-like tyrants.
Madhukar and Jaggu disallow anyone.
A villager named  but Madhukar warns him.
Srikant decides to start teaching the village kids the basics.
Then he would be killed.
Master does not comply.
There lives a boy named Ramu along with his widowed mother.
Who works with another small orphaned girl named Chanda.
Ramu starts frequenting Madhukar s house and befriends Laxmi.
Being daughter  Laxmi starts to get study.
Seeing her study  Ramu develops a desire to study.
The young lad  Ramu  expresses his desire to learn and leaves the village with Master Srikant to the city and educates himself.
Years later  Ramu grows up and returns and spreads awareness of importance of studies to the villagers and urges them to allow their kids to go to school.
Ramu faces lots in changing the mind set of village kids.
As the kids have only heard.
Laxmi  herself a graduate  starts helping Ramu and also starts dreaming of marrying Ramu.
Is. 
What Laxmi is unaware.
Chanda loves Ramu and that s the reason Chanda takes care of Ramu as to whether he has had lunch on time  does he need any help etc.
Whenever Ramu is.
So  Chanda decides to read and write Hindi.
To bridge the gap.
One day she reads the personal diary and finds.
Laxmi harbours love too.
Chanda then decides to forgo her idea.
She thinks that Laxmi is more suitable as she is educated.
Chanda then comes to know.
Madhukar has ordered Gangu to kill Ramu and and that she is ready to marry Gangu as she is aware that Gangu has been mad about her since ages.
Gangu then marries Chanda secretly  without knowledge of Ramu and Laxmi.
He becomes disappointed.
When Ramu comes to know.
He is aware that Gangu is not a nice person.
Another girl named Bijlee.
Who keeps roaming the streets shouting.
Meanwhile behind  Madhukar decides to accept his daughter s wish to marry Ramu.
Jaggu sees Ramu and soon spins a web of lies and deceit around him such.
Villagers start questioning the motive and ask him as to why he wants to marry Laxmi who is from higher caste  when he himself is from a lower caste.
Ramu so as to convince the public  decides to marry Bijlee.
He is not a racist and that he can marry any good girl.
Who was raped.
Villagers again start supporting him and decide to vote Master Srikant in the village elections.
Madhukar  angry orders Gangu also tells Gangu to bring Bijlee.
Ramu did not marry his daughter Laxmi  then.
That he can rape her and put the blame.
Gangu succeeds in hitting the head of Master Srikant.
Ramu is unable to fight with the attacker and thereby decides to admit Master in a hospital by taking him to city.
Bijlee is kidnapped to hand over her to Jaggu.
Ramu leaves the village.
Chanda notices it and stops Gangu.
And reminds Gangu that she had married him only.
But Gangu choses to ignore Chanda s advice and stabs her.
Chanda dies.
Bijlee later commits suicide.
He finds.
When Ramu reaches the village.
Both the women who loved him had died.
Ramu becomes very angry and decides to take law and kills Madhukar and Jaggu all by himself and kills Madhukar with help of a snake.
Ramu goes.
Laxmi continues his noble work from the village and does not amrry any person.
<EOS>
Winning a trip through a contest  Jackie and her brother Tom join other winners Myrna  Yvette  Terri  Harlan and Tony.
They settle with Cassandra  a rock star playing along in the contest.
Wanting to get a leg up  they all try to sneak out and find the prize  to no avail.
It starts.
They start to die.
When the contest begins.
Figuring  the remaining members race to stop the assailant.
Evil forces are.
<EOS>
A government think tank based in Redmond  Washington  the guests and scientists present are enjoying themselves.
One such scientist  Dylan  suddenly is manipulated.
Drags the scientist and proceeds to brutally beat and throw Dylan around the room.
Dylan apparently knows  but the invisible man persists.
Who it is  and begs the invisible man not to kill him  as he does nt have it.
He s running out.
Dylan mentions.
He does not know how to make more.
Another scientist  Maggie Dalton  knows the formula.
Seemingly accepting this  the invisible man releases Dylan and tells him not to tell anyone.
He was here.
No sooner has he left.
Dylan attempts to call someone.
The invisible man   smashes the phone  and slashes Dylan s neck with the broken circuit board  killing him.
Who only pretended to leave to see if Dylan would stay silent.
The police arrive  but the military supervisor of the laboratory  Colonel Gavin Bishop  insists.
The police have no jurisdiction  and refuses to relent even.
When one points out that they have no experience conducting a proper criminal investigation.
Fearing an attack  the lab company owner  Dr William Reisner  employs Turner and his partner  Detective Lisa Martinez  to protect Maggie  but refuses to divulge any information to the detectives on the nature of the work.
They are doing.
Includes refusing to tell them that an invisible killer is.
Turner and Lisa   stand guard outside of Maggie s house.
The invisible man watches.
Where a teenage couple are working.
Spotted  he leaves the room and heads outside.
The invisible man takes advantage.
When Lisa opens the door to let the cat.
Lisa  having sensed something wrong  traces the source.
As the invisible man reaches the study where Maggie is working.
Who uses a lamp s wire to throttle her.
Maggie and Turner promptly race.
It is too late.
Suddenly  a large battalion appears and storms the house  grabbing Turner and Maggie  and use night vision cameras and weapons to target and corner the invisible man inside the study.
Outside  Turner confronts Bishop.
He has realized that he and Lisa were nothing more  to lure the invisible man to the house where the commandos were to terminate him to prevent the lab s work being exposed.
Suddenly  several stun grenades are set off  blinding the commando s sensors and  combined with his own invisibility  the man escapes in pursuit of Turner and Maggie.
Closely pursued  Turner and Maggie force their way and run across a busy road.
The man is poised to catch up.
A speeding car strikes the man.
Badly injured  the man reluctantly retreats and injects himself with a mysterious blue liquid.
Disguises his now-visible wounds.
Maggie is taken by the police  and friend  Captain Tom Harrison   has received higher orders to have Maggie transferred to military custody and then intends to let the case go.
Where Frank s superior.
Sympathetic. 
Disgusted  flees with her.
When he knows Tom knows who the invisible man was  Frank helps Maggie escape.
Turner demands to know.
When safe.
Meanwhile  Bishop and Reisner  knowing  make Turner.
Their work and careers would end if Maggie talks.
Maggie does relent and tells the whole story  a team of molecular biologists broke the code for human invisibility  but almost overnight something went seriously wrong.
All but two were killed.
The program was scrapped.
One year later  the Reisner Institute was contracted to restart the experiments  with covert funding from the Department of Defense.
The operations was codenamed Silent Knight.
The idea was to create the ultimate national security weapon  an undetectable soldier.
Reisner managed to reproduce the original test results.
A flaw was found -  it has horrible adverse effects.
The serum turns human tissue invisible.
Simply put  the serum allows light to pass directly.
The radiation damages the cells and causes physical and mental degradation.
It kills them.
Maggie   developed a compound to protect a person.
Who was called in to correct the defects.
Was called the Buffer.
Eventually the project was cleared.
One specific soldier  Michael Griffin  a highly distinguished Special Forces operative and Bishop s protege volunteered to become the first invisible soldier for the United States Army.
Who served  happily.
The test   succeeded.
Which Dylan was revealed to be the one who administered the serum.
The results were favorable  but  it somehow failed.
When the Buffer was injected.
Griffin suddenly died.
Maggie was fired.
Maggie believes.
Griffin faked his own death so he can use his powers.
He needs the antidote.
He dies.
Back  Reisner and Bishop argue.
Turner is not the only threat  referring to Griffin.
Bishop insists.
He can bring him  as he knows Griffin has always worked on the edge of anarchy and when he goes into combat he goes deep and goes black.
Bishop says.
When Reisner pointedly asks why would he listen.
I m still his CO  but reluctantly agrees to not let Griffin get the Buffer or Maggie.
Maggie receives a text message.
She explains.
Ludlow has been contacting her  giving her warnings and subtle pieces of advice about the program.
Needing a way to fight Griffin  Turner uses his street contacts to find Ludlow s hiding place.
Turner and Maggie eventually find him and discover.
Ludlow  previously known  was a soldier enlisted into the program before Griffin but after the first one.
He fled.
The program  but due  is slowly dying.
Ludlow has been keeping track  and reveals the true story to his supposed death.
The program itself  Operation Silent Knight was never  but political security  and as such Griffin was intentionally not given the Buffer.
Bishop and Reisner wished to use Griffin to assassinate the United States Government s political enemies.
Griffin s victims then became.
More randomized  and as such Griffin has begun targeting ordinary civilians  all over the last two weeks in the North Western United States.
Meanwhile  Griffin makes his way  murdering all the army guards in his way and proceeds to take Bishop hostage.
Bishop attempts to reason.
The Silent Knight program needed a fail safe to ensure its integrity.
Griffin no longer needs Maggie.
He can get Griffin the Buffer.
He turns himself.
Griffin  however  does not trust him.
Getting desperate  Bishop shouts.
If not  Griffin would have been court martialed for what he did in Iraq  and stabs him with a pen.
Griffin responds  and locates Ludlow on Bishop s computer.
Griffin arrives and attacks Turner.
Ludlow saves him.
Griffin snaps Ludlow s neck.
Turner and Maggie use this distraction to escape.
Griffin decides to make them return.
Realizing they have no choice  they reluctantly go.
Where Griffin is hiding.
Griffin silently captures Maggie and proceeds to try to turn her invisible.
He can escape unnoticed.
Turner interrupts him just.
Griffin escapes with Maggie as his prisoner.
Turner is left.
Who have come pursuing Griffin.
Reisner pursues an invisible force outside.
He is soon captured and held.
Thinking  Reisner says and asks him to surrender  addressing him.
It is Griffin.
He can have the Buffer sent within 10 minutes.
The figure replies.
I m not Michael.
It is Turner.
Who used Griffin s discarded syringe to hide.
Reisner   backs away from him too far and is hit by a speeding car and killed.
Griffin takes Maggie.
That she can create the Buffer.
Griffin  still suspecting foul play  forces Maggie to inject herself first  to make sure.
Maggie supposedly makes enough to save his life.
It is not fake.
It will not kill him.
Griffin  wanting to make sure  tries to kill Maggie.
His secret will stay secret.
Turner attacks and knocks Griffin out.
Before he can.
Turner runs outside to see  but he has survived.
Griffin died.
Griffin attacks him and knocks Turner unconscious.
Griffin tries to kill Maggie again  but stops.
No one left to help her.
When he finds he is slowly turning visible.
Maggie reveals.
He has  indeed.
Buffer is based.
Maggie deliberately left the doses.
She made just toxic enough to kill them both  and loses consciousness.
Enraged  Griffin takes a shovel and attempts to kill Maggie.
A now-conscious Turner stops him and knocks him.
Griffin asks Do you feel it yet  Turner.
Turner calmly replies Not yet  and kills Griffin.
Turner looks down  thinks  and then says now I do.
Turner gathers Maggie and then carries her away for medical attention to the poison  leaving Griffin s body outside in the rain.
A few days later  Maggie is recovering and is poised to be released.
Heather tells Maggie.
Turner has not been found.
Maggie insists.
Turner will come back  as she knows he needs her.
Both girls are being watched by an invisible man in a hood.
Who proceeds to walk away.
<EOS>
Dominick Nicky and Eugene Gino Luciano are twin brothers living.
Nicky has a learning disability.
Gino takes care and helps him get through life.
Gino is studying to become a doctor and can not finish his education in Pittsburgh  he is afraid.
Nicky can not take care and that he depends on Eugene to look after him.
Nicky has a job working company  a job.
Supports his brother s education.
He and a man named Larry work.
Larry is Nicky s best friend  albeit a bit.
Who constantly puts wild ideas.
Eugene begins helping a nurse named Jennifer   to study.
Who is working where he is.
He begins to develop feelings.
The movie progresses.
Nicky mentions this.
They are working.
Larry does not miss the opportunity to plant the idea.
Jennifer and Eugene are sleeping together.
Eugene must work late at the hospital and calls a very disappointed Nicky to tell him.
Nicky instead starts to take Larry he and Eugene were going to see.
Larry instead takes Nicky to a woman called Mrs Vincent.
Whom Larry is occasionally intimate.
Nicky does not engage with Mrs Vincent and instead goes outside.
Larry has fun.
Nicky is surprised to find a young boy named Mikey Chernak.
Who is Mrs Vincent s next door neighbour and also someone he knows on his face.
Replies. 
When Nicky asks where the bruises are.
He fell.
Nicky does not understand Martin.
It is Mikey s father.
Who abuses him and assumes Mikey is telling the truth.
Larry and Nicky go bar-hopping and both get very drunk  all the while Larry constantly.
Drunkenly taunts Nicky.
Nicky stumbles home and finds Jennifer and Eugene sitting and talking.
Nicky believes and tells Eugene.
They are sleeping together.
He knows he is ` screwing  Jennifer.
Eugene gets very angry and roughly shoves Nicky.
An insulted Jennifer leaves.
Later  Nicky  Eugene  Jennifer and Mrs Gianelli   go and bring Nicky s dog Fred.
Who lives next door.
Fred is hit  greatly disturbing Nicky.
Several days later  Nicky is collecting garbage and forcing him down the stairs.
The father shoves him too hard and sends the boy.
The father races  telling them the boy fell.
The father sees a shocked Nicky find Nicky by the window.
Nicky is horrified  speechless and unable to act  to move  to tell Larry.
What is wrong.
What he s witnessed.
The father lies and says  both are concerned and soon neighbors   arrive at the scene.
Mikey fell.
An ambulance appears and takes Mikey.
An inconsolable Nicky runs  leaving his co-workers at the garbage truck shouting.
Him to ask what s wrong.
Nicky runs  warning Nicky.
Where Martin drags him and tells him that Mikey is dead.
If he tells anybody what he did  he will kill Nicky also.
A horrified Nicky flees.
Later on  Nicky takes a gun and goes back to the home of Martin.
His wife Theresa.
Where they and a gathering grieve.
Nicky steals a baby  Mikey s younger brother Joey.
He is protecting the baby.
He is eventually cornered.
Where a SWAT Team surrounds the place.
Eugene and Jennifer as well as Martin and Theresa race.
Eugene is sent in to get Nicky and the baby out.
He goes in and is confronted.
Who now believes.
Eugene breaks down and admits.
It is true.
Yet  he also reveals.
It was always Nicky standing up to their father and always protecting Eugene.
He tells.
How one night their father got really mad and that Nicky took the beating instead of Eugene.
Is why Nicky is mentally challenged.
A sobbing Eugene tells Nicky.
He is afraid of himself and.
He gets mad.
Nicky comforts him and tells him.
He is not and that he loves him.
They exit the building and hand the baby  Joey  over to Theresa.
Eugene protests.
Martin races forward and aims for Nicky.
Eugene and two police officers manage to subdue him.
Nicky tells everyone.
How Martin abused Mikey and how he killed him.
A horrified Theresa realizes.
That is true.
Nicky is released.
The father is hauled away.
Eugene kisses Jennifer as she leaves for medical school.
She says.
She will leave a number.
The twins embrace one last time and then Eugene also leaves.
The credits roll  happily embracing the future and a new understanding of himself.
Nicky goes.
<EOS>
Thurgood Jenkins and his friends Brian and Scarface are forced.
Where Thurgood works in order to bail their friend Kenny out of jail  after he accidentally kills Buttercup  a diabetic police horse  by feeding it junk food.
Their business  named Mr Nice Guy  becomes immensely popular  even attracting famous clientele.
Thurgood s personal life is ruined.
His adamantly anti-drug girlfriend  ironically named Mary Jane Potman  discovers that he works.
Soon  all are in danger.
Samson Simpson  a local drug lord  learns that Mr Nice Guy is costing him business.
He threatens to kill them.
They do not pay him 20 grand every week.
Brian buys a pouch.
Is supposed to contain the ashes with some of the money they are making.
Scarface buys a rottweiler named Killer.
Thurgood tells police.
He has.
They arrest him.
The police agree to drop the charges.
Thurgood wears a wire  that way they can get the proof they need to arrest the drug lord.
They smoke a joint.
The guys go.
The cops get high.
The cops tell them to say abracadabra.
When they have purchased the drugs.
Samson discovers.
Thurgood is wearing a wire and is about to kill them.
They scream abracadabra.
But the cops are high and busy mocking a letter.
Thurgood wrote.
A fight breaks out.
Brian throws the pouch.
He bought earlier.
The ghost emerges and hits Samson with a guitar  knocking him out.
The police then rush in and recover all  and arrest Samson.
He wakes up.
Thurgood  Brian  and Scarface s deal works to get Kenny a pardon from jail.
Thurgood gives up smoking and is able to win back Mary Jane.
Whose dad is a marijuana dealer.
<EOS>
Rachel  a beautiful young artist  is murdered by a group of soulless killers.
Her brother Travis vows to punish her killers one.
If it costs him his soul.
Guided.
Commands him to take brutal revenge.
Travis s conscience catches up.
His sister s voice and other circumstances push him.
He is already.
<EOS>
Berry-Berry Willart is a young  handsome hedonistic drifter.
Who hates life and who has no trouble living off the women.
His charm turns sadistic and frequently lands him.
When the women become too attached.
Berry-Berry is always  is rarely seen by his drunken father Ralph  his controlling  manipulative mother  Annabel  and his sixteen-year-old brother Clinton.
The story follows Clinton.
Who idolizes Berry-Berry but soon finds out his brother s darker side.
Clinton is and is forced to realize the type of person his brother is.
When Berry-Berry tragically sets his sights.
<EOS>
Scooter is a teen.
Scooter is virtually ignored by his father and stepmother  and treated badly by his two other spoiled siblings  Sterling and Tiffany.
Scooter devises a plan to fake his own kidnapping to get his parents  attention and enlists the help.
A ransom is demanded  he quickly realizes.
His parents do nt miss him.
<EOS>
Set  the film narrates the journey of Alice in search of her missing husband  a college lecturer.
She slowly discovers disturbing aspects of her husband  including his descent from his earlier radicalism into bourgeois degeneracy.
She gives up her search and decides to take the responsibility of her own life.
<EOS>
The film follows Julian.
Who runs a Thai boxing club  as he is forced by his mother Jenna to find and kill the individual responsible for his brother s recent death.
<EOS>
Sach s head becomes hard.
He feels no pain.
Slip enters him into a wrestling match hoping to win $.
However  Sach s strength has disappeared.
Luckily they discover.
It has traveled.
He wins the match.
Slip decides to enter Sach.
A rival manager wants to take control.
Slip resists become world champion   including his elbow and toes.
The offer and Sach goes.
The rival manager prevents another wrestler.
That his wrestler can go.
The boys are then kidnapped.
They will reveal where Sach s power has traveled to.
The escape and Sach enters the ring  not knowing.
Where his power is.
Slip discovers.
It to win the match.
<EOS>
Three hardcore criminals escape by overpowering the guards and snatching their guns.
Once out  they first snatch a car from a man passing that way  and then steal clothes from three other passers-by  and get themselves dressed in the same.
Then they forcibly enter  taking him and his family hostage.
They finally get killed.
<EOS>
Drowned his gold digging.
When Old Man Barnard  a millionaire  is reported.
Sons Paul and Martin come looking.
Arriving.
They renew an old enemy.
He tells them the Barnard mansion  begrudgingly all three men and their girlfriends will have to stay.
Has to remain locked and bolted until the will is read.
Unbeknown Adam is Old Man Barnard s illegitimate son  a fact.
Paul and Martin are determined to keep.
Secretly they fear.
The whole inheritance will go.
The Brothers Barnard decide to pursue Adam s finance Nicole.
Reasoning and destroy evidence.
She will know where Adam has hidden the keys  so that they can break in.
<EOS>
A drama based.
Who leads a decent life and whose wife is an adultress.
<EOS>
A group go around catching people or have a bounty on their heads.
Who have skipped out.
One night the group  consisting  catches an informant with a $ 100000 bounty.
A mobster  offers the group a million dollars to turn the informant over.
Who wants this man more.
<EOS>
Doris Halliday  the daughter  is about to marry a man.
She does nt love so the family will become richer.
Her outspoken aunt Penelope Ryland  the owner  objects to their marriage  claiming.
People should only be married if they love each other.
Doris starts to see Penelope s point and eventually runs away the night.
Doris hides owned by traveling cowboy Jeff Larabee.
They take an immediate dislike.
When they meet.
They fight all night long.
The next day  Doris is to be left.
However  Jeff is forced to save her.
When she is attacked.
The train eventually leaves.
They decide to part their ways.
They discover it s a long way.
Doris secretly steals a car and gives Jeff a ride.
Penelope and her employee Buck   try to find Doris.
Who happens to be a friend.
They take a train hoping to locate her.
Buck meets Emma Mazda.
Emma is attracted and tries to flirt.
Buck is nt really interested.
They both take off and decide to travel together.
Meanwhile  Doris  father initiates a search to find his daughter and promises the one.
Who brings her back a $ 5000 reward.
A couple   try to catch her and bring her back.
Who have seen Doris.
Jeff and Doris drive.
Where they meet up.
Buck suggests Jeff to ask to marry Doris as well.
He is reluctant.
The moment  they are located.
They do fall.
Penelope blames Jeff and tries to protect Doris from him.
Offended and confused  Jeff runs away.
Doris follows him and declares her love.
Jeff gives in.
They kiss.
<EOS>
A flight attendant attacks passengers and crew.
Turns out to be a scene.
A student named.
The students are preparing.
Amy Mayfield is unsure.
But  she decides to make a film about a serial killer murdering in the fashion of urban legends.
Meanwhile  a student named.
Lisa is drinking.
Lisa feels dazed and prepares to leave the bar.
When someone abducts her.
She wakes up.
Her kidney was removed.
Attacked  she tries to flee through the window and is decapitated in the process.
Lisa is not missed.
She was about to go.
The next day  Amy is preparing the shooting but is deserted by the assigned camera man  Toby Belcher.
Who accuses Amy.
Shooting begins.
She is attacked.
When Sandra  Amy s actress friend who played a victim  returns to an empty studio after forgetting her keys.
Who killed Lisa.
Her friends witness her death  but discount it.
When the material is smuggled.
Who shot it.
Sandra was about to go  her disappearance goes unnoticed.
Travis  a friend  is found to have committed suicide at the campus tower.
Who was depressed.
Amy is offered help by Graham  a student from a prosperous Hollywood background.
She refuses  wishing to make it.
This offends Graham.
Who thinks it hypocritical  as Amy grew up as the daughter of a famous documentary film maker before moving to Chicago.
Amy enters the tower and is surprised by Trevor  Travis  twin brother.
Who claims that Travis was murdered.
The next night  Simon is attacked.
His screaming goes unnoticed.
The others are doing the midnight scream.
Amy   is suspicious and asks Reese to review the surveillance tapes.
Who has heard his last scream.
She is confronted.
She has detected the assault on the tapes.
She loses the tapes and can not prove her claims to a skeptical Reese.
Amy now believes the claims and meets up with him but  he still refuses to inform the police  hinting at a criminal past.
The next scene to be shot involves the Tunnel.
Is set up.
Sophomores Stan and Dirk are attacked and electrocuted while preparing the tunnel.
Amy   discovers the corpses and is again confronted.
Who is taking a tour.
She escapes again and informs the police.
Who attribute the deaths.
Amy is comforted.
They begin having sex.
When Trevor suddenly stabs Amy.
She wakes up and realizes.
It was only a dream.
Seeing a light  she decides to go there and finds her lesbian friend  Vanessa.
Vanessa received a love note supposedly written.
The two are attacked and chased to the top of the tower.
When Amy disclaims any knowledge.
Where Vanessa is captured.
Meanwhile  Amy is locked.
She finds Vanessa being hanged.
When Amy manages to break out.
Amy runs out into the arms of Trevor.
Who has found out that the thing the victims all had was their having worked on Travis  thesis film.
They review Travis  film.
Turns out to be awful  and find out that somebody placed Travis  credits.
They suspect Toby  the only person working.
They kidnap him and call to present their suspicions.
However  Toby reveals.
Travis faked Toby s sound credit to help him graduate admitting that he never went anywhere.
Upset  Professor Solomon shoots Toby and threatens Amy and Trevor.
He gave Toby an A.
He also reveals.
He murdered Travis making it look.
He holds Trevor.
Amy yells.
Him is this what he wants.
He reveals feeling trapped since failing to win the Hitchcock award in his student days.
Which he blames Amy s father  who cast the deciding vote.
He now wanted to take credit and use Amy s Urban Legend film to eliminate all.
Who worked  framing Amy in the process.
Graham   hits Solomon  but is shot by the professor after saying  It only works in movies.
Who has been lurking all this time.
Trevor manages to disarm the professor.
Then  Solomon threatens Trevor.
Amy gets a hold and threatens Solomon.
Reese storms in  thinking Amy to be the killer  and forces her to drop the gun.
Solomon accuses Amy  and calls attention.
Reese saw Amy running out.
She becomes suspicious and punches the professor.
Reese never told anyone.
He tries to take her gun.
Reese s gun is lost amongst a pile of prop guns.
Amy  Trevor and Solomon all grab.
Trevor s gun is a fake.
When he tries to shoot Solomon.
Solomon s gun is a fake.
When he tries to shoot Amy.
Amy got a hold but hesitates to fire.
Solomon attacks her again.
She shoots him.
Then scene then cuts.
Where an award is posthumously given.
A sniper appears  only to be shot down by Reese.
Trevor is about to accept the award.
The altercation is then revealed to be a scene Urban Legends.
We also see.
Toby and Graham survived their attacks and are now busily working.
The final scenes show Solomon.
Where   the nurse asks him if he enjoyed the movie.
He is wheeled out.
Who is revealed to be Brenda  the previous film s killer saying that they have a lot.
<EOS>
Life holds no magic or adventure.
A Star Wars fan.
Divorced and working two jobs to pay medical bills  Star Wars is now just a movie.
Only does he set off with his childhood buddy  Hank  on a quest to find filmmaker George Lucas and convince him to continue making Star Wars movies.
Woody and Hank accidentally kidnap Lucas and allow the script for Episode III to fall into the hands of an unbalanced fan  a murderous producer  and a certain Dark Lord-portraying actor.
Woody finds himself in the middle of an adventure with the fate of the Star Wars movie-making empire hanging in the balance.
<EOS>
The film begins.
The camera focuses  and shows Jamie s dull and uneventful life.
When he awakes.
Which his distressed mother Elizabeth looks.
He lacks a father figure.
One day his mother s boyfriend takes indecent photographs.
Elizabeth is contacted.
The police are reluctant to intervene.
Who introduces her.
John   deals by continually harassing him.
Who despises paedophiles and homosexuals.
He is forced to leave the town  in which time he assumes the role.
He is slowly drawn into his homophobic and violent tendencies  and soon realises.
He is.
John meanwhile influences the rest with his extremely homophobic views  and separates Barry from his younger boyfriend Robert.
Barry is not seen again  leaving behind only a tape telling his brother.
He is going.
Shortly afterward  Jamie visits his drug-addicted best friend Gavin.
Who takes a disliking.
Later one night shed and show him the bodies.
John and Robert take Jamie.
Distressed  Jamie lashes out but is powerless to resist  and remains under his influence.
John learns  and tells Jamie.
Jamie was abused.
He will take revenge.
He drags Troy out and proceeds to torture Troy  after handcuffing him to a rail affixed to the wall.
Jamie is then presented.
Which point Troy is partly strangled.
Jamie then takes  to spare him from any further pain by quickening death.
Jamie has become increasingly desensitised  and assists John in carrying out several murders.
John and his team dump the bodies.
Jamie is later persuaded to lure his half-brother Dave to look at a computer.
Is. 
Jamie drives to the town  vaguely conscious.
What he is doing  and takes Dave.
Unaware.
What is going on.
Jamie shut the door as the screen fades to black.
A title card appears telling the viewer  and shows the fate.
South Australian Police discovered the remains of eight people stored in barrels in the bank vault of Snowtown  and that the following day John Bunting and Robert Wagner were arrested.
<EOS>
The prince discover invading armies from neighboring Kilea.
Unable to summon reinforcements  the young prince must make a stand to protect his people.
<EOS>
A race of aliens piloting giant robots have conquered Earth and forced humanity to live underground.
They have done this.
300 years later   a small group of human rebels plan to finally take back their world from the mechanical invaders.
They soon learn however.
The aliens do not pilot the robots  but are the robots.
A patrol  led  is sent out to capture one of the robots  a.
Its operating ability can be studied.
The patrol is suddenly ambushed  with some being able to reconfigure themselves  revealing different weapon systems.
These units  the ` transmorphers   ambush humans  even fooling detection systems.
The robots use brain scans to read the minds to know their battle plans.
The leader argues with fellow officers of the Military and Science Guilds about.
Blackthorn s patrol is destroyed.
To fight the war.
Van Ryberg decides to reinstate a disgraced soldier named Warren Mitchell  and cryogenically frozen.
Who was court-martialed along.
They had killed their unit officer five years earlier.
Mitchell is glad to be reinstated  but learns.
His former lover  Karina Nadir  a fighter pilot  is now married.
Mitchell assembles a small military patrol  intact.
Xandria Lux is sent out to capture a.
Its fuel cells can be studied.
They hope to shut the machines down.
Supposedly controls the machines.
Mitchell and his group ambush and destroy a group  and succeed in capturing one.
Karina and another female soldier named Blair become stuck behind enemy lines right near the radio tower.
Bringing the Z-bot back  Mitchell realizes.
The fuel cell has an implanted tracking device that leads the machines.
Van Ryberg takes over to defeat the robots  and to rescue her wife.
Mitchell then surprisingly learns.
He himself is an android constructed  with human feelings and understandings.
Mitchell realizes.
He must get the Z-bot s fuel cell and implant it in the control computer in order to shut the robots down.
Supported  Mitchell s team make it to the radio tower.
Where they are able to rescue Karina and Blair.
The group breaks  but the anti-human counter-measures make all of them sick.
They can not make it.
The situation becomes more complicated.
When the tower reveals itself to be a giant robot.
Meanwhile  General Van Ryberg and her own soldiers reach one and attempt to take it offline and hold off a massive army of robots attacking the underground city.
Lux then arrives to bomb the attacking robots.
Back  Mitchell  using his android abilities  sacrifices himself and takes the tower out  buying enough time for the rest of his team to escape.
All shut down.
The tower is destroyed the robots.
Karina and Van Ryberg are reunited.
The battle won.
The surviving humans see.
The sun shine.
<EOS>
Molly is an unstoppable woman.
Who will do only what she feels is right.
Molly s world is unique.
She is its unquestioned queen.
Pranav is an egoistic bureaucrat.
Who wants his system and power to rule over the subjects.
Sparks fly and egos would not relent.
When both clash.
Will Molly rock or will Pranav get her.
<EOS>
It is the story.
Who 7 years after they all separate  meet up.
They all decide to do one thing  but simply could not.
They had wanted to do.
<EOS>
Paul  a middle-aged American hotel owner s suicide  meets a young  engaged Parisian woman named Jeanne in an apartment.
Both are interested.
Paul and Jeanne proceed to have an anonymous sexual relationship.
Paul demands.
Neither share any personal information  not even their names.
The affair goes on.
One day Jeanne comes to find that Paul has  without warning  packed up and left.
Paul later meets Jeanne and says.
He wants to start anew.
He proceeds to tell her.
The telling carries them to a tango bar.
Where he continues telling her.
This loss disillusions Jeanne about the relationship.
She tells Paul.
She does nt want to see him again.
Paul  not wanting to let Jeanne go  chases her back.
Where he tells her that he loves her and finally wants to know her name.
Unbeknown  Jeanne holds a gun.
She has taken.
She tells him her name and shoots him.
Paul  mortally wounded  staggers out  collapses  and dies.
The audience then sees Jeanne dazed and muttering.
He was just a stranger who tried to rape her  reassuring herself that she did not know who he was for questioning by the police.
<EOS>
Lloyd the Conqueror is Lloyd  a lazy college student.
Lloyd and his two best friends Patrick and Oswald desperately need to pass their Medieval Literature class.
Order to keep their financial aid.
Our heroes are so desperate.
They beg their teacher.
Their professor  Derek  concedes but only  They must join his deteriorating LARPing league and battle against him in a game of Demons & Dwarves.
Lloyd decides to enlist the help for Women instructor in the battle against Derek  the long reigning champion.
Who has been twisted by his years of intense academic study.
The three students must match wits with a pack of crazed Danes  the muscle bound Leopold and friends at the game.
Whose bloodlust can only be sated.
Who comes out to beat Lloyd.
He takes a little too seriously.
The stuck up Science Fiction Larper.
Who would sooner break the prime directive than cut our heroes some slack.
The journey forces Lloyd and the boys to do some actual work including throwing ` magic  tinfoil balls  deciding  and questioning society s hero worship of George Washington Carver.
Household items are most effective.
<EOS>
The movie is a version.
Teresa is a young and evil woman.
Who uses her beauty to seduce rich men and climb socially.
The movie gave Felix her fame and the vamp of the Golden Era of Mexican Cinema.
<EOS>
Set  the film follows the exploits of the likable but raffish Boon Hoggenbeck.
Who takes an interest.
The local magistrate lets them off.
When the taking leads to a public brawl.
Boss pays.
That is soon changed.
Who takes the car again to go down to see his woman Corrie.
Ned stows away as well.
Boon grudgingly allows him to come.
Other characters include a horse.
Loves sardines and races with a horse who lives near an impassable sinkhole full of mud for which he charges expensive rates to get both carts and cars through.
<EOS>
Gay actor Martin Kurath develops a friendship.
Who is.
The two fall and they both yearn for Kurath s release.
This triggers intense indignation.
Thomas accompanied  tells his parents.
Kurath is released a year later.
He is a homosexual.
His father tells him to leave and never return.
Kurath and Thomas move.
Thomas enrolls.
Thomas  father  however  then has him arrested and condemned.
Kurath obtains a fake passport and poses doctoral candidate and helps Thomas escape with him to Germany.
They are betrayed.
Who insists   that Thomas become his lover in order to obtain a German residency permit.
Thomas does so.
Then refuses to sleep  is kicked out and prostitutes himself.
Broken  he voluntarily returns to the reformatory.
He is so psychologically damaged.
When he reaches 21 and is released.
He attempts suicide and is committed to a psychiatric hospital.
He escapes.
The film ends.
The police are looking and that the public should  if approaching him  treat him gently  as he is very depressed and confused.
<EOS>
Sophia Frederica is the daughter.
She is brought by Count Alexei at the behest of Empress Elizabeth to marry her nephew  Grand Duke Peter.
The overbearing Elizabeth renames her Catherine and reinforces the demand.
The new bride issue an heir.
Catherine finds solace with the womanizing Alexei  first and foremost a paramour of the much-older Elizabeth.
Rebuffed  she takes lovers among the Russian Army to court its favor.
Peter ascends and takes steps against his wife.
When the old Empress dies seventeen years.
Soon Catherine plots and exercises a coup.
Will leave her known as Catherine the Great.
<EOS>
A young  carefree mermaid named.
Lena lives a happy life until the very day when she  after disobeying her father  swims up the surface and meets the handsome Prince Stephan.
Lena runs to the aid of the wicked sea-witch Cassandra.
Who gives Lena legs to walk on land and the warning that if Prince Stephan were to marry someone else  Lena would then turn forever into seafoam.
<EOS>
The journalist Art Brighton goes undercover to investigate the granddaughter.
The girl  Joan Barrie  will inherit the fortune.
She is able to fulfill a morals clause.
Joan s cousin Linda Clayton and her husband Jack will try to frame Joan to acquire the fortune themselves.
The journalist tries to save Joan and dismantle the criminal gang.
Which Linda belongs.
Violence scales.
The newspaper tries to show the horrible dangers to the general public.
Where anything can happen.
<EOS>
Baseball Super Fan Dorf goes.
Dorf daydreams and inspiring a baseball team to greatness as their coach.
Enjoying the game.
Alas  even he s not entirely successful.
Dorf has his hands full coping with a bratty kid  a smart aleck peanut vendor  and his uncooperative car.
<EOS>
Country music superstar Lorna Davis is overwhelmed and disillusioned.
She plans a trip to escape and recuperate during the Christmas season.
Lorna finds.
It has become the impromptu home.
They actually discover her sleeping.
Which the youngest proclaims.
Who she is.
She s the Angel.
Both have secrets to keep - the children do nt want to be found by the orphanage.
Lorna does nt want to be found from L.
A.
- they agree to keep each other s presence.
She then quickly builds strong friendships.
It takes a while to win.
Little does  Lorna has been followed there.
She know.
Who is determined to reveal her hidden location.
She faces Jezebel  a mountain witch woman.
Who is determined to kill her.
She is saved by Mountain Dan  a wandering mountain man.
Who is wise.
She is arrested.
Harry reveals Lorna s identity.
The children are taken back.
Jezebel  disguised  delivers a poisoned pie to her in prison  but is tricked into eating it herself and falls into an endless sleep.
Lorna is freed.
They formulate a plan to free the children.
Dressed  Dan and Lorna are able to get into there and free them  only to be stopped by John while trying to escape.
They are taken.
Who eventually dismisses all charges and grants custody of the children to her.
<EOS>
The corporate owners have reopened the park following $.
5 billion.
Newspaper reporter Chuck Browning and TV reporter Tracy Ballard are invited to review the park.
Browning arranges to meet.
Before the junket is announced.
Who promises he has dirt.
The tipster is shot in the back and dies with an envelope in his hands.
Guests can choose from a range of themed parks  Medievalworld  Romanworld  and Futureworld.
Browning and Ballard choose to visit Futureworld.
Simulates a trip.
Robots are available like a boxing game.
Where the humans control robot boxers.
They are guided by Dr Duffy.
Duffy graciously shows them the marvels  demonstrating.
All the problems have been fixed.
The reporters are stunned to find.
The control center  overseen  is staffed entirely by robots.
This revelation confirms Browning s suspicion.
Something is wrong.
That night  their dinners are drugged.
Exhaustive tests are run.
They sleep.
Will enable Delos to make clone duplicates.
A senior Russian general and a Japanese politician are also singled out for cloning.
They are returned at 230 a.
M. 
Ballard awakes  thinking all the medical tests were a nightmare.
She and Browning sneak out to explore the resort s underground mechanical areas.
They end up triggering a cloning machine.
Generates three deadly samurai.
A mechanic named.
As they are about to be captured.
Harry saves them.
He takes them back.
He shares.
It is stated.
Clark is the body of the pleasure bots from the original version of Romanworld.
The reporters interview Harry.
Schneider interrupts them and insists.
They return.
The following day   Browning slips out to see Harry.
Ballard is testing out a dream recording device that Delos has designed.
Harry takes Browning.
He has never been able to enter  although another technician - a robot - routinely enters.
Realizing  Harry destroys the robot and steals its face.
The key is.
They return and open the door.
They see the clones of themselves as well as the Russian and Japanese leaders.
The clones are fully functional and are  they are instructed to always work for the good of Delos and to destroy their originals.
Browning explains.
His tipster s envelope was filled from around the world  realizing that Delos must be cloning the rich and powerful.
The trio decides to flee the resort.
Browning and Ballard return.
Where Duffy is waiting.
They would ensure favorable coverage.
Would help people forget the Westworld tragedy and popularize the new resort.
Duffy also reveals.
He believes that humans will destroy the planet if left to run it themselves.
Duffy easily overpowers Browning with an unnatural strength.
Ballard manages to shoot him twice.
To confirm his suspicions  Browning peels back Duffy s face to reveal.
He is a robot.
He runs.
Harry makes his way to meet up with the reporters.
Who kills him.
Ballard and Browning are then beset.
Who separate them and chase them.
Eventually  one is killed in the two-fold struggle.
Which one is left unclear.
He seizes her and kisses her.
When the surviving Browning and Ballard meet.
Browning and Ballard are leaving the resort with the other guests.
Schneider stops them out to make sure.
They are the clones.
The reporters confirm  but  Ballard s badly beaten doppelganger stumbles.
They will be generating positive press.
As they reach the exit.
Schneider realizes too late.
He has been fooled.
Browning tells Ballard.
His editor is running the expose.
The whole world will know.
What they are up  and that kissing her was his idea to figure out whether or not she was a duplicate.
<EOS>
The Robinsons continue their relaxed life in the mountains.
More adventure awaits.
They prepare themselves.
Pat fights a bout.
The cold weather takes hold.
The wildlife continues to be menacing and dangerous.
Most are a comfort to the Robinsons.
Their courage and the will to survive  along  help keep the family happy in their mountain home.
<EOS>
Bill Engvall was the first performer  covering a variety  nearly being thrown off an airplane  his stressful time at a massage parlor  his addiction to Sky Mall Magazine  and an incident involving two of the family dogs and a coyote.
Ron White   followed Engvall.
His routine included dieting tips  his solution Hold em  being stranded in Fairbanks  Alaska  and the pet concierge at the Don Cesar resort in Florida.
He d received.
Jeff Foxworthy took the stage  and spent most of his time onstage discussing his latest addition to his redneck-related material  redneck fashion tips  along with his amusement at an odd advertisement for LASIK surgery.
Larry the Cable Guy was the last performer  and covered a variety.
Which a customer was glued by pranksters.
The other three comedians joined him onstage.
Where they shared some.
They showed the audience potentially embarrassing pictures from their photo albums.
The show s producers had asked their wives to send.
The DVD also includes these bonus features  Yankee Doody Dandy - a short film directed.
B.
Harding.
The Blue Collar boys play a trick.
Molding the Minds - The four hold a question-and-answer session with students at George Washington University.
Blue Collar Fans - A segment.
- The making of the film and Yankee Doody Dandy  as well as production of the DVD.
A slideshow shown within the last segment of the movie.
Previews.
<EOS>
A young yakuza.
Who s to marry his clan oyabun.
He hid under the identity of a worker.
The young woman become a waitress.
<EOS>
The movie begins after the first movie  and are performing at a Graduation Party for the Manhattan Magnet s Class of.
Where the Cheetah Girls have just completed their junior year.
Later  Chanel tells the girls.
Having a sleep-over/Chinese food night.
Her mother  Juanita  is planning a trip  where they will be visiting Luc  Juanita s boyfriend.
Chanel is bummed and does not want to see Luc.
The other girls are upset - to go to Spain with Chanel.
One of the girl s magazines flips pages.
It comes.
Galleria enters the Cheetah Girls and the next day  her mother Dorethea  Juanita  and the Cheetah Girls all travel.
They do some shopping.
When the girls arrive.
Soon they hear a guitar playing and meet Angel  a mysterious guitar player.
Who accompanies them as they sing to the entire city.
He becomes Galleria s love interest.
The next day the girls audition and earn a spot.
Cheetah Sisters.
The next day  they meet Joaquin  an accountant  Luc s godson  and a handsome dancer.
Who becomes a love interest.
The next day finds out  she goes to his studio.
Joaquin is a dancer.
Where he teaches her tango.
That night Joaquin takes the Cheetahs.
Where all the new artists perform their songs.
There they meet and befriended Marisol  a Spanish pop star  beloved  and  and her manager/mother  Lola.
Who will also compete.
Who appears nice and wins the Cheetah Girls  affection  but secretly plans a scheme to break up the Cheetah Girls.
They pose a threat in the competition.
She starts making Marisol distract Chanel.
Meanwhile  Aqua and Dorothea have been designing clothes  Juanita is trying to get a proposal out of Luc  Dorinda is teaching hip hop to Joaquin s class.
Galleria is the only one focused   Amigas Cheetahs.
She is writing a song called.
They will sing.
Galleria notices  and eventually decided to take a train.
Everyone is getting involved except for her.
Where she can meet up.
He will take her back home.
The other three girls find Galleria and sing the starting sequence.
Galleria says.
She will only come back if they stay focused.
She overhears Juanita talking about.
Chanel walked.
She believes that Luc does nt want to marry her because Chanel does nt like him.
Luc later proposes.
Chanel gives him permission.
She gladly accepts.
Luc tells Chanel.
She can stay for her upcoming senior year.
However  the Cheetah Girls  dreams are.
Lola convinces the Dancing Cat s manager to pay the Cheetah Girls money.
They were performing Step Up.
The competition will only allow amateur performs to compete.
Accepting payment makes the Cheetah Girls professional performers.
Angel   investigates.
Who was present.
Right  the Festival Director informs.
Chanel is going to get changed to perform.
The Cheetah Girls are able to perform.
Everyone is surprised.
When they see that the informer was his nephew  Angel.
He informed.
Lola tried to sabotage the Cheetahs.
His uncle reinstates the girls.
Lola tries.
The Director will not hear it.
Marisol finally tells off her mother  saying she is quitting the competition.
She loves to sing.
Her mother is just desperate to make her a star.
The Cheetah Girls then perform.
Amigas Cheetahs  and as a surprise  bring Marisol.
Their song is a hit.
An alternate ending concludes.
Where Juanita and Luc are having their wedding.
<EOS>
The movie opens.
Nine-year-old Troy and her older brothers Clinton  Wendell  Nate  and her younger brother  Joseph are introduced.
Their father Woody is blowing a horn to call them.
Their mother  Carolyn is introduced as well.
Dinner takes place.
Which we find out that the Carmichaels  next-door neighbor  Tony Eyes seems to be somewhat to the family  which includes continuously singing while they are eating dinner.
That night  Carolyn comes home and comedically wakes all.
The kitchen was not cleaned.
There s some argument  I d rather have a father than a mother any day.
Which Clinton says.
The next day  the neighborhood junkies are introduced  Snuffy and Right Hand Man.
Who are glue sniffers.
Tommy La La  Clinton  Nate and a couple are sitting on the Carmichael stoop.
Playing a baseball board game.
Tommy La La takes a bottle and throws it while yelling homophobic slurs.
This starts an argument.
Clinton says the Carmichael children always get blamed.
The argument ends.
Vic Powell  a war vet  comes home and greets everyone.
Vic is renting the upstairs apartment.
Carolyn comes out to see.
What is wrong.
Tony Eyes tells her.
Wendell and her kids are always throwing trash.
Carolyn responds.
He and his home are nasty.
The arguments continue.
The neighborhood kids jump in.
Tony Eyes is still yelling and arguing.
When Vic comes downstairs and tells him to shut up.
He punches Tony in the face and goes back into the house.
Troy sneaks out and goes to get candy.
She is intrigued.
She sees Vic getting arrested.
Troy leaves the store to walk back home.
One night  Woody and Carolyn are downstairs arguing  a schoolteacher is the sole provider.
Woody s music is not providing.
They are also arguing.
Woody caused the family to have bounced checks.
The argument escalates.
Carolyn yells upstairs to turn off the TV because it is a school night.
She charges upstairs and turns off the TV.
A defiant Clinton argues and turns on the TV.
Carolyn grabs him up.
Woody grabs her and carries her out.
Everyone is.
Woody is dragging Carolyn.
Nate is jumping.
The other children have a hold.
Carolyn hurts her ankle.
Woody yells and everyone gets quiet.
He expresses his need to respect.
Carolyn kicks him out.
Woody comes and brings flowers for Troy to give to Carolyn.
Troy brings the flowers.
Soon she and Woody get back together.
They all decide to go on a trip to get out but.
They are leaving a worker Ed comes by to shut off the electricity.
The bill is unpaid.
The trip is postponed.
The family has to use candles for light.
A few days later  the family leaves Brooklyn to take Nate and Troy down South to stay.
Troy stays.
Who was adopted.
Troy does nt want to stay.
She does it to appease her mother.
Troy eventually starts having fun despite a dislike of Aunt Song and her beloved dog  Queenie.
She gets a letter from Carolyn telling her about the happenings in the neighborhood.
The weeks she s been away.
Troy decides.
She wants to go home.
Meanwhile  Aunt Song has been looking.
The small dead dog is located.
When she pops out having been accidentally closed.
She is eventually told and is taken to see her.
When Troy returns picked up from the airport by her Aunt Maxine and Uncle Brown.
Her mother is.
Later  Woody takes Troy home.
Troy decides to clean & mop the kitchen.
Later that evening  Woody tells the kids.
Carolyn is sicker than originally thought and must stay.
The boys cry.
Troy remains stoic.
Troy walks through a public park with her brothers.
Singing a children s gospel song she learned s down South.
One s aloud.
They might have to dress up.
The day is approached by her Aunt Maxine and tries to coax her into trying the new clothes.
She s brought.
Troy lashes out angrily.
Her mother would never let her wear polyester.
Troy announces.
She is not going when Woody calls her down.
Woody explains.
They re all.
Carolyn would want them all together.
Troy is withdrawn  showing a small sign of kindness.
When Clinton approaches her and silently takes her hand to comfort her.
Joseph comes.
Snuffy and Right Hand Man are making fun because their mother was dead.
They robbed him.
Troy goes outside with a baseball bat and hits Snuffy in the head drawing blood.
Much tells him to go sniff glue on his own block.
Early the next morning  Troy is restless.
She dreams she s hearing her mother s voice shouting.
She goes downstairs saying.
She does nt like it when her parents fight  but instead sees it s her father making a racket trying to kill a rat.
Troy not fully awake Mommy.
Says. 
Troy runs to.
Woody consoles her.
Woody says.
They ve all been wondering when she was going to break  meaning to finally show her grief.
He says.
Even Clinton has cried.
Troy concludes.
Her mother is nt still.
This scene is scored.
When She s Gone.
There are scenes.
Troy is sitting sitting in her lap.
She combs his hair the way Carolyn did.
Then  Carolyn is seen sitting.
Troy imagines is meant.
She ca nt believe that she s 10 now and how she s proud.
Troy is coping by imagining and can still write to her the way.
Her mother is only away.
She did when Troy was down South.
Her fantasy is interrupted.
When the neighborhood kids come.
Troy tells him not to go far.
Dinner is almost ready.
Troy surveys the neighborhood.
The end credits play.
The score then changes.
The dancers seem to keep time with and dance to the contemporary rap music.
<EOS>
Strawberry Shortcake and the Baby chronicles Strawberry Shortcake s annual summer camping trip.
Where she and her friends encounter a monster.
The Peculiar Purple Pie Man and Sour Grapes attempt to capture it to become rich and famous.
<EOS>
Late  two college students are busy making out in a parked convertible.
Ignoring the girl s frequent objections  her boyfriend pushes on.
Outside  a shadowy madman jumps  slicing his way through the fabric roof.
Reaching inside  the lunatic grabs the young man and pulls him up and out.
Brandishing a blade  the killer stabs the poor man.
Sleepy Lanier College is nearing the end week  a frenzied semester cap time of grades  goodbyes and pranks.
Little do.
The students prepare.
They suspect a psycho is stalking them one by one.
Plain but amiable Courtney is completing her exams and studying hard.
Averse  her roommate Lisa is busy packing and getting back to the city.
Meanwhile  Gamma Delta fraternity pledge Gary has pinned his girlfriend Janet  and paid by being treed by his brothers  stripped to his briefs  awash in shaving cream and ice cubes shoved down his underwear.
A freezing Gary hopes.
Night falls.
His beloved Janet will free him.
Untied by an unknown figure  Gary breathes a sigh of relief  and is then stabbed to death on quadrangle lawn.
Better late  a playful Janet comes to rescue her man  but discovers no Gary.
Seeing a dark figure nearby  Janet mistakes the killer and runs to meet him.
The murderer grabs the girl.
Energetic but dim witted Gamma brother Wildman is.
His frat can sell.
Having scored the booty  Wildman heads home.
But  the hulking killer confronts the defenseless chap and corners him.
He can leave.
There  Wildman meets his grisly end by weights.
Soon enough  Mark finds.
His buddy Wildman dead stuffed inside a locker compartment.
But the killer is nt far behind and chases Mark.
Surprising Mark  the slasher stabs the studen repeatedly.
Radish is Lanier s uncontested nerd  a book smart twerp fascinated  and Courtney.
This night   he discovers Mark s bloodied body and immediately calls the police.
He sets.
But  the authorities are disbelieving and unamused.
Deciding to warn his secret love  Radish runs back to Courtney s dorm and straight to the girl s room.
Where the killer is waiting.
Returning after a Pepsi break  Courtney is surprised to find Radish s head sticking through her splintered door  and even more shocked to discover.
It is nt a joke.
Frightened  Courtney tries to rouse help  indeed  the campus is desolate.
Waiting  Lisa plays the piano and then decides to strip down and wait for beau au natural.
The killer enters the room and stabs lovely Lisa.
Courtney has now made her way and hears music from the piano room.
But opening  Courtney runs straight to the cafeteria.
The door reveals the killer.
There  she grabs a knife and tries to call the police.
No luck.
Using the automatic food chute  the killer locates Courtney.
The poor girl briefly manages to lock the psycho  but forgets to lock a second door.
The chase then continues.
Courtney wanders frantically before finally seeking refuge in the campus tower.
But the killer is nt far behind.
Inside  the two climb story.
Lanier s sports coach has arrived with campus security guard Mitch.
Courtney screams from the tower window.
The coach arrives and shoots the killer.
Brazenly  the psycho grabs the arrow and returns it  flooring the would be samaritan.
Now alone  Courtney and the killer must battle.
The killer returns to kill Courtney.
She stabs him  she goes outsides and sits on the steps and begins to cry over the loss of her friends.
<EOS>
The film s backstory is told  mimicking the style of the Arabian Nights.
Ahmad  the naive King  is convinced by his evil Grand Vizier  Jaffar  to go out into the city disguised as a poor man to get to know his subjects.
Jaffar then has Ahmad thrown.
Where he is joined.
They flee.
Where Ahmad becomes acquainted.
However  Jaffar also journeys  for he desires the Princess.
Her father  the Sultan  is fascinated.
Jaffar offers and agrees.
The Princess  by now deeply in love with Ahmad  runs away.
Confronted  Jaffar magically blinds him and turns Abu into a dog  the spell can only be broken.
Jaffar holds the Princess.
The Princess is eventually captured and sold.
She is bought secretly and taken to his mansion  but falls into a deep sleep from.
He can not rouse her.
Ahmad is tricked into awaking the Princess.
Halima then lures the Princess by telling her.
There is a doctor aboard who can cure Ahmad s blindness.
The ship immediately sets sail.
Jaffar informs the Princess  she allows herself to be embraced  whereupon Ahmad s sight is restored.
Abu is returned.
They chase.
Jaffar conjures up a storm to shipwreck them.
Abu wakes up alone and finds a bottle.
An enormous Djinn or genie appears.
When he opens it.
Embittered  the genie informs Abu.
He is going to kill his rescuer.
Abu tricks him back.
The genie then offers to grant Abu three wishes.
He will let him out again.
The hungry boy uses his first wish to ask.
The genie flies Abu.
When Abu demands to know where Ahmad is.
There is an enormous statue with a large jewel  the All-Seeing Eye  set in its forehead.
The genie tells Abu.
The Eye will show him where to find Ahmad.
Abu fights off a giant guardian spider and steals the gem.
Climbing the statue.
The genie then takes Abu.
Abu has him gaze.
When Ahmad asks to see the Princess.
Ahmad despairs.
When he sees Jaffar arranging to inhale the fragrance of the Blue Rose of Forgetfulness  which makes her forget her love.
Ahmad lashes out at Abu for showing him the scene.
Abu unthinkingly wishes Ahmad to Baghdad.
The genie  freed  departs  leaving Abu alone in the wilderness.
Ahmad appears and is quickly captured.
Seeing him restores the Princess s memory.
The furious usurper sentences them.
Abu  unable to watch his friend s impending doom  shatters.
The All-Seeing Eye and as a result is transported.
He is given a magic crossbow and is named the king s successor.
However   Abu steals the king s magic flying carpet and rushes.
Order to save Ahmad.
Abu s marvellous aerial arrival sparks a revolt against Jaffar.
Abu kills the fleeing Jaffar.
Ahmad regains his kingdom and his love.
However   Abu instead flies away.
When Abu hears Ahmad telling the people.
<EOS>
We can see three stories  Metaminds & Metabodies  a crazy and very violent tale about  Morfing  an Atanes  grotesque trip through independent cinema s sewers  and Welcome to Spain  a bloody and lustful nightmare.
A sick drunkard meets a lascivious succubus.
Where some people fight  to go up the stairs.
<EOS>
The spoiled and arrogant brother  Bali   Kali Baba  enlists in the National Cadet Corps  and wants to have his way with his fellow-students and trainer  Inder Mohan Lathi  with comical results.
He is smitten  and wants to marry her by hook or by crook.
When he meets Divya Thapa.
But Divya is.
Both plan to marry each other.
Circumstances act.
They flee together.
<EOS>
This film is set.
Nikhil Kapoor is the state.
All round swimming champion.
His father Navin Kapoor has raised his son to be a sports man  a dream.
He never achieved.
His elder sister Anamika teaches and loves him dearly.
His mother Anita Rosario Kapoor adores him.
He inherited his artistic side to his personality.
His life falls apart.
Nikhil is diagnosed.
He is removed.
His parents throw him out.
One day he is arrested.
He is HIV positive.
He is kept by law.
The Goa Public Health Act allowed the government to isolate HIV positive people.
His parents desert him.
His friends move away.
The only two people are his sister Anamika and his friend Nigel.
Who stand.
Anamika and Nigel are able to secure his release with the help of a lawyer.
Nikhil is unable to find a job  but then becomes a music teacher.
Anamika and Nigel start.
An AIDS assistance organization called Positive People.
He is reconciled and finally his father.
Nikhil develops AIDS.
His parents begin to treat Nigel like a son.
<EOS>
Santa Claus runs away from children.
Gifts fall.
He s been stabbed and leans.
Neighbors bicker.
A Palestinian couple meets.
More bickering neighbors.
A tourist asks an Israeli policeman.
Unable to help her himself  the policeman brings out a blindfolded Palestinian prisoner.
The Palestinian tells her three different possible routes.
The couple is again.
The man blows up a red Yasser Arafat balloon and releases it.
An Israeli soldier is about to shoot it down.
His comrade stops him.
The couple are able to drive through the checkpoint together.
The balloon floats  eventually settling against the Dome of the Rock.
The couple again in a car.
The next morning  five Israeli men practice a dance choreography.
Which they shoot.
Then  a real female Palestinian ninja like the one and gets shot at by the men.
She gathers all the bullets and returns them.
Then a helicopter shows up.
She takes it down.
The dance choreographer watches helplessly.
A man and his mother watch their dinner cook.
<EOS>
The documentary film looks.
Who were members or supporters.
It is one to examine the role of a third political party in the United States.
<EOS>
The film follows a group  while working at a costume rental store.
Who come together to play a Dungeons & Dragons-inspired role playing game.
One is a young man named Adam.
Who is the descendent.
Forcing him to remember the fate and to make him believe.
Working a strange magician appears and puts a curse on Adam.
He really is a warlock.
Increasingly Adam is unable to determine the difference and believes.
He is on a quest to kill various people.
The local police are baffled.
The bodies pile up.
No one suspects.
Adam is a deranged serial killer being commanded to kill.
Adam attends.
A costume party hosted.
They take him out.
When the cops do figure out that Adam is the killer.
His body disappears.
The surviving Dungeons & Dragons players are playing a game.
When they learn that their dungeon master was Dr Evil and the devil.
<EOS>
A group take over a shopping mall  only to be stopped by the brother of one of the fugitives.
<EOS>
Indian Rupee is a satirical dig.
Who attempt to make quick money.
JP aka Jayaprakash is a small time real estate dealer.
Who dreams.
JP is a high school drop-out and Beena.
Who is a doctor.
Her parents are not too keen.
JP along is scouting for a land deal.
He is working but wishes to break free.
Soon as possible.
He believes.
His fortunes are up.
The deal never happens.
Achutha Menon stays back and becomes a part of their life.
Things start happening after.
JP manages to earn a decent fortune.
He learns some valuable lessons  about the importance of earning money honestly in life.
<EOS>
The Rugrats set sail.
Tommy s father  Stu  has rented.
The boat is flipped over during a tropical storm.
They are forced to abandon ship.
They end up arriving.
But on the other side  are the famous globe-trotting family the Thornberrys.
The babies set off to find them.
They suspect they are somewhere.
Somewhere along the way Chuckie gets lost and runs.
Meanwhile Eliza  the gifted Thornberry  is exploring and runs into Spike  the Pickles  dog.
Spike talks.
Eliza can talk.
He informs her.
The babies are lost somewhere.
Nigel  finds the lost babies.
This is occurring Eliza s father.
He attempts to head but ends up tumbling down a hill and receives amnesia.
A coconut falls.
Angelica runs and takes off with Debbie in the Thornberry s all-purpose mobile communication vehicle.
Sink the commvee.
Not paying attention the twosome.
Meanwhile  pop culture references.
Also   Susie tags along with Polaroid-like camera in hand and does nt have her parents traveling with her.
The film concludes.
Photos are shown during the end credits.
<EOS>
Charlie goes and falls in love with a girl on the screen.
He goes to Keystone Studios to find her.
He disrupts the shooting.
A fire breaks out.
Charlie is blamed  gets squirted  and is shoved by the female star.
<EOS>
Happy Days is the quintessential college story.
Explores the lives through the four years of their engineering course.
Each one joins.
Slowly becomes a collective one bond.
What starts off.
They bond go through bullying seniors  tyrant professors  intense examinations  celebrations  Love  Betrayal  Sacrifice and every possible experience.
An individual goes through.
And finally they realize their potential.
The film is a true representation & formative years in college.
It depicts the stories.
It captures the raw energy.
Full  It has all the class rooms tiffs  mandatory fights  hot looking professors  love at first sights  crushes  break ups  first kisses  hostel humor  bikes  friendships and betrayals  birthday parties  prom nights  achievements  failures  exams  summers  picnics and parties  careers and true loves  The film brings back the nostalgia of college days.
Are the most memorable days.
<EOS>
The film opens announcing.
Its purpose is to highlight the virtues in banishing mental illness and restoring reason.
Dr Constance Petersen is a psychoanalyst and is perceived by the other doctors as detached and emotionless.
The director is being forced into retirement  shortly after returning from an absence due to nervous exhaustion.
His replacement is the much younger Dr Anthony Edwardes.
Dr Petersen notices.
There is something strange.
He has a peculiar phobia  first displayed in an inappropriate reaction to seeing a diagram drawn with the tines of a fork on a tablecloth.
Dr Petersen soon realizes.
This man is an impostor and not the real Dr Edwardes.
He confides.
He killed Dr Edwardes and took his place.
He suffers and does not know.
Who he is.
Dr Petersen believes.
He is innocent and suffering.
` Dr Edwardes  disappears  having left a note for Dr Petersen.
He is going.
It becomes public knowledge and may have been murdered.
` Dr Edwardes  is an impostor  and that the real Dr Edwardes is missing.
Dr Petersen goes  knowing.
The police are.
She needs to use her psychoanalytic skills and find out.
What had really happened.
One ensues.
Dr Petersen and the impostor travel to Rochester  to meet Dr Brulov  who had been Dr Petersen s teacher and mentor.
The two doctors analyze a dream.
` John Brown  had.
The dream sequence is full -- eyes  curtains  scissors  playing cards  a man with no face  a man falling off a building  a man hiding behind a chimney dropping a wheel  and wings.
They deduce.
Brown and Edwardes had been together and that Edwardes had somehow died there.
Dr Petersen and Brown go to reenact the event and unlock his repressed memories.
Brown s memory suddenly returns.
He recalls.
There is a precipice.
He stops them just.
He also remembers a traumatic event -- he slid down a hand rail and accidentally knocked his brother onto sharp pointed railings  killing him.
This incident had caused him to develop amnesia and a generalized guilt complex.
He also remembers.
His real name is John Ballantyne.
All is understood now.
Ballantyne is about to be exonerated.
When it is discovered that Edwardes had a bullet.
Ballantyne is convicted and sent to prison.
A heartbroken Dr Petersen returns at the hospital.
Where Dr Murchison is once again the director.
She realizes.
The ` wheel  was a revolver and that the man hiding and dropping the wheel was Dr Murchison hiding behind a tree  shooting Dr Edwardes and dropping the gun.
She confronts Murchison.
He confesses  but says  he still has it.
He did nt drop the gun.
He pulls it out and threatens to shoot her.
She walks away  the gun still pointed  and explains.
While the first murder carried extenuating circumstances  murdering her as well surely would result in the electric chair.
He allows her to leave and turns the gun.
Dr Petersen is then reunited.
<EOS>
CIA agents and best friends FDR Foster and Tuck Hansen are deployed to prevent international criminal Karl Heinrich from acquiring a weapon of mass destruction.
The mission goes awry  resulting against them.
Their boss  Collins  assigns them to desk duty upon returning to America.
FDR is a womanizer.
Whose cover is that he s a cruise ship captain  while Tuck  who presents himself  has an ex-wife  Katie  and a son  Joe.
Tuck decides to sign himself up and is paired with Lauren Scott  a product testing executive.
Who s dealing.
Her best friend  Trish  has signed her up.
FDR insists.
Tuck & Lauren hit it off.
Shortly thereafter  FDR runs at a video store and tries to flirt with her  not knowing.
She s Tuck s date.
She notices and ignores him.
He s a ladies  man.
Intrigued  FDR crashes and persuades her to go on a date with him.
The date does not go well  with Lauren storming out of the club.
FDR took her.
FDR walks away from Lauren  but seconds later Lauren s sees her ex and his fiancee.
Lauren grabs FDR and they kiss  lying  leading and hitting it off.
They are together.
Lauren feels guilty  but is persuaded by Trish to make the best of the situation.
FDR and Tuck soon discover and decide not to tell her and let her come.
They re seeing the same woman.
They know each other  to interfere  nor have sex with her.
However  they soon break their rules and use CIA technology to spy and discover her preferences  as well as try to sabotage one another.
FDR and Lauren eventually have sex.
Tuck and Lauren nearly do as well   feeling bad.
Lauren interrupts it.
However   FDR was convinced.
Tuck had sabotaged FDR s bugs.
They have had sex.
One day  Lauren invites Tuck.
FDR discovers that Heinrich has come to exact revenge against them.
He interrupts Lauren s date to warn him  but Tuck does nt believe him.
They engage.
Which Lauren discovers that they are.
They are captured by Heinrich and his men.
Who are pursued.
FDR and Tuck rescue Lauren and Trish.
Which they reveal that they are CIA agents.
FDR and Tuck   urge Lauren to come to their side.
She ultimately chooses FDR.
Heinrich dies when his car swerves off the bridge and crashes below.
Lauren decides to be.
Tuck makes amends.
Tuck soon reconciles.
They get married once more.
Shortly thereafter  FDR and Tuck are to parachute out of a Chinook helicopter.
When FDR reveals that he ll marry Lauren  and also that he had sex before she met Tuck  and no longer feels guilty about it.
Tuck had sex.
Tuck  however  reveals.
They did nt go all the way and angrily tackles FDR out.
<EOS>
A retired  scotch-swilling attorney resides.
Who disapproved but rose to the young man s defense in court when the boy is arrested on a suspicious murder charge.
<EOS>
Bobbie has a naturally beautiful voice and leaves her small town  hoping to become a singing superstar.
Her Aunt Ella tells her.
She leaves.
She will succeed if only she never lies  is always fair  and never breaks a promise.
Aunt Ella gifts her containing a picture of her mother and a one-hundred dollar bill.
She prepares to board the bus.
You can always come home.
Bobbie lands a job at a sushi restaurant owned by Morita.
Morita believes  so  she responds No.
Anyone who is aspiring to be will not work hard in his restaurant.
When he asks Bobbie if she is a singer.
The angels wince and say that  meaning.
S one.
She s broken the first that govern her gift.
But it turns out.
The other employees are also musicians and have a band called The Rising Sons.
She joins their group  Morita becomes their manager.
They are given an audition.
Who is a long-time customer.
The promoter convinces Bobbie.
The Rising Sons are not talented enough to take her.
It s not fair  she eventually gives in and agrees to let them go.
She repeatedly says.
The angels say.
S two  meaning she s broken the second.
Bobbie grew up not knowing her father and has always wondered.
She is interviewed  the host surprises her by bringing her long-lost father on the show with her.
Later  he confesses to Bobbie.
He s led a hard life.
She d be better off.
She promises to always stand by him  no matter what.
Her drunken father comes.
Bobbie prepares.
Bobbie tells him.
She hates him  wishes she d never met him  and tells him to get out.
She the third rule - never break a promise.
Has  sadly  broken.
A strong wind blows and takes her voice - her gift - away.
She heads out.
Only a hoarse noise issues forth.
When Bobbie opens her mouth to sing.
She runs.
Bobbie visits expert to try to get her voice back.
She is told  more than once.
Because her larynx is formed  she should never have been able to sing.
Her ability to sing at all was a miracle.
The experts all agree.
She will never sing again.
Bobbie goes back home  and says.
She s lost her voice.
Bobbie cries.
Singing is all she s ever done  ever wanted to do.
Aunt Ella tells her.
When she makes up  she ll be able to sing again.
She tells Bobbie.
Her heart is empty.
Bobbie will sing.
When it is full.
It wo nt sound the same.
When she sang.
She will sing.
Aunt Ella passes away.
Then  Bobbie sets out.
She did.
She returns  and seeks and receives forgiveness from Morita and the Rising Sons.
She arranges a charity performance to support a horse-therapy group.
She is called and says  I hope.
You ll forgive the sound.
I m singing.
So please just listen.
Meanwhile   the gift is dancing and twirling around the angels.
Who have never seen that happen before.
Then  a new angel tells them.
Bobbie has redeemed herself.
The gift should be returned.
The angels send the gift hurtling back to her.
Bobbie s voice returns.
<EOS>
An Irish boy emigrates to escape the desperate poverty of Ireland.
He returns to retrieve his sweetheart.
As her destitute family is being forced off their land.
<EOS>
Sheriff Hall and H-725 still get no rest from the military   they are constantly on the move.
The little alien has not yet grasped the meaning.
H-725 s father has had to pick them out.
Hall and Charlie eventually arrive.
Where petty crime   is running rampant  more so because the town currently has no sheriff.
Charlie pushes Hall.
Somewhat reluctantly Hall takes up the job  with the help of the local radio jock and City Mayor Howard.
Soon the riff-raff learns not to underestimate the new sheriff.
He metes out hard-hitting advice to stay out.
However  the local thugs are the smallest.
A task force are preparing to enslave mankind with the use of hypno-wave devices and advanced androids  already they control the local authorities and military installations.
Charlie immediately senses the true nature  however.
Persuasion convinces his big friend to look into the matter.
But this arouses the suspicion  he has Hall arrested for snooping into matters of national security and Charlie kidnapped.
Hall manages to sneak out.
The sheriff decides to take up the fight.
Howard has told him what happened.
Howard appeals to the citizens of Munroe for help.
The thugs and hooligans join forces.
Whom Hall has previously thrashed.
As the alien leader executes the final stage.
Hall and his helpers engage the officers  though  and begin to win the upper hand.
The alien chief decides to use his hypno-wave machine.
The rioters are quickly subjugated.
Who wanders.
Serves. 
The alien leader and his androids discover.
Hall arrives there.
Their hypno-waves have no effect.
The androids are sent  but the sheriff s fists prove to be tougher.
The androids  neural nets quickly end up thoroughly scrambled.
The alien leader tries to activate a self-destruct device  but the sheriff takes a swing.
He shatters.
Charlie is released and happily rejoins the sheriff.
However   the military arrives to try and apprehend Charlie once more.
The town celebrates their rescuers.
Fed up take off into space with the old-timer automobile.
They were riding to join Charlie s family.
<EOS>
Larger-than-life Broadway impresario Oscar Jaffe takes.
An unknown lingerie model named Mildred Plotka and makes her the star  despite the grave misgivings of everyone else  including his two long-suffering assistants  accountant Oliver Webb and the consistently tipsy Owen OMalley.
Oscar transforms his protegee into the actress Lily Garland.
Both she and the play are resounding successes.
Their partnership spawns three more smash hits.
Lily is recognized.
Then Lily tries to break off their professional and personal relationship  fed up.
Oscar talks her out  promising to be more trusting and less controlling in the future.
Instead  he secretly hires a private detective agency run to watch her every move  even to the point of tapping her telephone.
It is the last straw  she leaves and becomes a great movie star.
When she finds out.
Oscar produces flop after flop.
He is forced to disguise himself to board the luxurious Twentieth Century Limited train travelling from Chicago to New York City s Grand Central Terminal without being thrown in jail by his creditors.
Lily Garland boards the train at a later stop with her boyfriend George Smith.
Oscar sees a chance to restore his fortunes and salvage his relationship.
He schemes to get her to sign a contract.
However  Lily wants nothing more to do.
She is.
However  Oscar manages to get George to break up.
Knowing - can you see it Lily.
Lily offers him one last chance he tells her of his wish for her to play Mary Magdalene in his new play  sensual  heartless  but beautiful - running the gamut from the gutter  to glory.
I m going to have Judas strangle himself.
Then Oliver thinks he has found somebody to finance Oscar s project  fellow passenger Mathew J.
Clark  not realizing escapee.
Clark is a harmless.
He pretends to be dying and gets a distraught Lily to sign his contract.
When Oscar is slightly wounded.
The film ends.
Where Oscar reverts.
<EOS>
The film depicts approximately 19 consecutive hours from immigrant families living in an impoverished multi-ethnic French housing project in the suburbs of Paris  in the aftermath of a riot.
Vinz   is filled.
Who is Jewish.
He sees himself.
His attitude  for instance  is a simplified  stylized blanket condemnation  even to individual policemen.
Who make an effort to steer the trio clear.
Hubert is an Afro-French boxer and small time drug dealer  the most mature.
Whose gymnasium was burned.
The quietest  most thoughtful and wisest  he sadly contemplates the ghetto and the hate around him.
He expresses the wish to simply leave this decadent world and hate behind him  but does not know how.
He lacks the means to do so.
Said - Sayid - is a Maghrebin.
Who inhabits the middle ground to their place in life.
A friend  Abdel Ichaha  has been brutalized by the police shortly before the riot and lies in a coma.
Vinz finds.
A policeman s.
44 Magnum revolver  lost.
He vows.
If their friend dies  he will use it to kill a cop.
He fantasizes carrying out his vengeance.
When he hears.
The three go to entertain themselves  frequently finding themselves under police scrutiny.
They take a train but encounter many of the same frustrations.
Their responses cause several situations to degenerate to dangerous hostility.
A run-in police   results in their missing the last train home and spending the night on the streets.
Which Said and Hubert are humiliated and physically abused.
They go.
Which they insult skinheads and policemen.
Vinz suddenly arrives.
His gun allows him to break up the fight  all the skinheads flee.
Whom Vinz is about to execute.
His dream is thwarted by his reluctance to go through with the deed  and  cleverly goaded by Hubert  he is forced to confront the fact.
His true nature is not the heartless gangster he poses.
He lets the skinhead flee.
Early  the trio return to the banlieue and split up to their separate homes.
Vinz turns the gun over  either attempting to relinquish his destructive tendencies or simply passing the buck.
However  Vinz and Said encounter a plainclothes policeman.
Whom Vinz had insulted earlier with his friends on a local rooftop.
The policeman grabs and threatens Vinz  making reference.
Hubert rushes.
The gun accidentally goes off  killing Vinz instantly.
The policeman holding Vinz taunts him.
Hubert and the policeman slowly and deliberately point their guns.
A shot is heard  with no indication of or.
The film cuts closing his eyes and cuts to black.
Who fired.
Who may have been hit.
This stand-off is underlined  underlining the fact.
As the lines say  jusquici tout va bien  i.
E. 
All seems to be going relatively well.
Vinz is killed.
No one knows  a microcosm of French society s descent through hostility into pointless violence.
What will happen.
<EOS>
Beautiful young Yeon-yi is suffering through the repercussions of a tragic car accident.
S placed her handsome new husband.
Utterly destroyed  she finds.
Herself waiting  but  never having previously met  Yeon-yi is shocked to discover that he and Jin-woo are identical twins.
Initially cold soon fall head-over-heels in forbidden love.
Things become even more problematic.
When Jin-woo suddenly awakens.
<EOS>
This thriller is set.
Where trained chemist Jim Harding has been reduced.
Trapped with the vulgar  shrewish and domineering harpy Diana  a woman  Jim finds.
Who harbours ambitions.
Himself attracted.
Jim does not reveal and begin an affair.
He is married in love.
Diana meanwhile is engaged with the older Jerry Burns.
Who she believes will be able to help.
Diana finds out and visits Jane at home  revealing Jim s married status  trying to convince her.
Jane is only the latest  and offering her cash to end the relationship.
He has targeted.
Jane refuses to be bought off and confronts Jim.
Who protests that he is caught.
Jim then faces up and demands a divorce.
She refuses out.
Jim determines.
The only way is to kill Diana.
Aware to multiple medications  he uses his knowledge to concoct some pills containing a lethal dose.
He slips.
Then having second thoughts  he hurries home but finds Diana already dead.
He buries her body beneath the floorboards in his workshop  only to discover later.
Jim s disposal has been unnecessary and incriminating.
Diana s disappearance arouses the suspicions of the police.
Who come that all the indications are that she has been murdered by her husband.
Jim attempts to flee but is tracked down and chased.
Where the final confrontation takes place.
<EOS>
Jackie Laurens is a recently divorced  40-year-old and mother.
Who takes a vacation alone where  against her better judgment  she meets and hooks up with a hunky.
But  she flies every chance.
What began as a one-night stand turns.
She gets to meet.
Soon gets disapproval.
It will only take her beau Kyle to teach her.
To cope before life passes her.
<EOS>
Patrick lies.
He had murdered his mother and her lover.
Patrick   falls with Kathy  the new nurse at the hospital  communicating with her via an electric typewriter.
Who has psychokinetic powers.
Patrick also uses his psychokinetic powers to control the men and to defend himself against the hospital s bitter Matron Cassidy.
Who plots to murder him.
<EOS>
14-year-old Adam Farmer seeks to unearth the many secrets locked in his subconscious.
Adam s journey is paralleled with a bike trip to Rutterburg  Vermont  with a package for his father.
He starts to remember past events.
He travels.
Adam s trip is prompted from his girlfriend  Amy.
Who says her father met a reporter.
The reporter had never heard.
Suspicious  Adam begins spying and finds two birth certificates with his name on them  but with different birthdates - Feb.
14 and July.
Adam confronts his father.
Who admits some shocking truths.
Adam s real name is Paul Delmonte.
The family was forced to relocate.
His father testified against corrupt government officials.
Adam is not biking to Vermont  he is riding in circles around the psychiatric facility.
Where he has been held.
The people are patients and workers.
He meets.
His journey is a quest to discover the whereabouts.
Who mysteriously disappeared.
The memories are documented.
Adam recounts.
Are   interviews to determine whether or not he knows more about his father s involvement with the government than he s telling.
Adam s final interview ends.
Neither of which bode well.
He dies.
<EOS>
Madhu  eldest son  is compelled by his family members to get married.
Unwilling to marry   he leaves his home to escape from the marriage torture.
Though he does not require it due.
He gets without a ticket and gets trapped to ticket checker.
Another boy Sadha gets trapped for the same reason.
Who is also.
Both are thrown away.
Both roam around the city.
They help a man.
The man offers a salesman job to Madhu and driver job to Sadha in his cosmetic company Kurangu Mark Soap -LSB- Monkey brand Toilets.
Madhu performs his best to achieve a target.
.
One suggests to visit a home at Shennoy Nagar.
Where he can expect a good business order.
Latha is a college student and a daughter.
Latha s mother leaves to visit her relatives  home to plan.
Latha  her father and their cook have separate keys.
Madhu visits Shennoy nagar.
Is Latha s home to get an order.
Latha s father locks the house and leave.
Who does not know Madhu is.
Now Madhu is trapped.
Sadha searches him but could not find him.
Latha returns home and faints.
Madhu convinces her.
Slowly both develop an interest.
Latha s father has to leave and takes Latha to her aunt s house.
Latha promises Madhu.
She will return without her aunt s knowledge.
Sadha enquires to a group of robbers.
Who searches his friend.
He tells them.
His friend has company s money.
Robbers plan to loot the money.
Latha and robbers come at midnight.
Madhu and Latha struggle to save the money.
Madhu chases the robbers and passers and call 101 fire department instead of 100 to call police.
People arrive and rush to put off the fire on seeing a smoke.
Is actually not a fire smoke.
The robbers are caught.
Money is saved.
Madhu understands.
He actually arrived whom his family compelled to marry.
Madhu agrees to get married.
He has a job as his wish.
<EOS>
Lakshmi s brother Rathnam is murdered.
Cops interrogate her about 20 Lakh Rupees.
The murdered man has looted.
A shocked and dismayed Lakshmi is pounded by the cops pressuring her to return the stolen booty to them.
Seeks solace.
Lakshmi does nt know anything.
The lovers join forces to find the missing stash and prove her innocence.
<EOS>
Dante is a hapless man.
Who drives a school bus.
One night  he accidentally meets Maria  an attractive and wealthy woman  Sicily with.
Whom he immediately falls.
Soon Dante is lured into unwittingly impersonating famous mobster Johnny Stecchino  Maria s husband.
Whom he shares an uncanny resemblance.
Meanwhile  the real Stecchino is forced to hide after having testified against several of the local Mafia leaders.
Maria s plan is to have Dante mistaken  publicly murdered by the Mafia  and buried in place of her husband.
Which they can both escape.
<EOS>
Griet is a shy girl living.
Her father  a Delftware painter  has recently gone blind  rendering him unable to work and putting his family.
Consequently  Griet is sent to work.
Griet works hard  almost wordlessly.
Where even one treats her spitefully.
A butcher s son  Pieter  is quickly taken with Griet.
She is slow to return his affections.
They become casually acquainted.
Griet cleans Vermeer s studio  which his wife Catharina never enters.
He encourages her appreciation.
Vermeer gives her lessons  taking care to keep this secret from his thin-lipped wife.
Who would react very jealously if she found out that her husband was spending time.
Vermeer s pragmatic mother-in-law  Maria Thins  sees Griet as useful to Vermeer s career.
Vermeer s rich patron Van Ruijven notices Griet to the Vermeer household and asks the painter.
He will give her to work in his own house  a situation which ruined a previous girl.
Vermeer refuses  but accepts a commission to paint a portrait for Van Ruijven.
Catharina s growing jealousy becomes apparent.
Vermeer secretly works.
She also has to fend off Van Ruijven s attempt her.
Griet suffers with Vermeer and his paintings.
Soon afterwards  Catharina s mother summons Griet  hands and instructs Griet to finish the painting.
Catharina is away.
Vermeer pierces Griet s earlobe.
She can wear one for the portrait  in the process sexually arousing Griet  who then runs to Pieter to be consoled.
Pieter proposes marriage.
She sadly turns him down.
She then returns the earrings.
Catharina discovers.
Griet used her earrings  accusing her mother Vermeer to show her the painting he and Griet have been working on.
Heartbroken  Catharina tries but fails to destroy the painting  then banishes Griet forever.
Vermeer does not consider her worthy.
Vermeer does not object.
Griet leaves the house.
Later  Griet is visited from the house.
Who comes bearing a gift  a sealed packet containing the blue headscarf she wore.
<EOS>
The recycling underworld is the background to this documentary centering on Claudieni  father to 27 children.
He visits the Santa Efigenia neighborhood of Sao Paulo to recycle plastic  cardboard  and computers and other electronic equipment.
He and his family represent the lower class.
Who are discriminated.
The film will have its U.
S.
West Coast premiere in March.
<EOS>
In-ho is a naive but tough teenager.
Who is trying hard to stay out.
He willingly sacrifices everything to protect his childhood girlfriend.
But their relationship is wrapped.
The girl is raped.
Her mother and brother both die before they settled financial debts.
In-ho retaliates.
He and Mi-ju try to escape  but they are thwarted.
Mi-ju ends up going.
In-ho goes.
Years later  he finds a job and gets scouted by its owner to be his personal secretary and bodyguard.
Life gets a little easier  until suddenly Mi-ju reappears -- as his boss s mistress.
In-ho has held.
It has always been impossible to forget her beloved.
But  the more difficult it becomes to be together.
The more their love.
<EOS>
The film opens  some clips left over from the previous attraction  Symbiosis  playing the song Circle of Life.
Simba  now king and his army the Hyenas.
He defeated his uncle Scar.
Save his home the pridelands  sees Timon and Pumbaa clogging up rivers.
He asks.
What they are planning.
Timon replies called Hakuna Matata Lakeside Village.
They are building a non-ecological resort.
Simba tries to tell them.
Other creatures nearby need water as well.
Timon and Pumbaa still do nt care.
Simba decides to then get his point by telling them about another creature.
Who is.
He explains.
They needed space  power  and food.
They also decide to help nature.
Timon and Pumbaa then decide to take out the dam and give the water back deciding.
They ve learned their lesson.
The film ends.
The screen fades.
<EOS>
The first president depicted is Kim Jeong-ho  an old president at the end of his term.
He is a respected leader.
Who left a great legacy.
But Kim is.
When he becomes the unlikely winner jackpot just before retiring.
The huge amount would guarantee a comfortable life in his old age.
However  he remembers announcing  smiling before cameras.
If he were to win the lottery  he would donate it.
He agonizes  wondering.
Whether to keep it or to make good on his words.
Kim s successor is Cha Ji-wook  the youngest Korean president.
Who demonstrates excellent diplomatic skills.
But even this charismatic president   has three major fears -- getting injections  questions.
Who is a single father.
One day  a young man asks.
The president to donate one can save his father s life.
The president struggles to decide.
Whether or not he should go.
He also reconnects.
<EOS>
A beautiful female scientist implants a microchip.
She teams up.
When crooks make off.
Who is also packing an implanted microchip.
<EOS>
More tells the story.
Who lives.
Day  he toils away in a harsh  dull  and dehumanizing job  his only savior being the memories of the bliss of childhood.
But  he works secretly on an invention.
Could help him relive those memories and spread their joy.
It changes.
When he finishes the invention.
The way people look.
His success changes him  however.
He loses an important part.
<EOS>
Azhagappan is a member.
One fine day an unlikely visitor stumbles upon him and almost falls for him.
The beautiful trio comes to the earth to enjoy its beauty.
Ramba loses her track and gets.
The others get back.
Vadivelu accidentally helps her to go back.
She gets him and sends him back to the earth early in the morning.
Frequenting gives Azhagappan an idea of.
What is happening.
He is not serious.
He takes thing seriously and wants to teach a lesson.
Vexed human beings are treated with in the hell  Azhagappan decides to tamper with the process of life and death.
He wants to tamper.
The gods get angry.
Azhagappan pays the price.
Comedy turns.
Rambha is cursed to become a formless soul.
Naradha  as usual  makes amends to bring up the climax.
Devendran seeks Brihaspathi s counsel.
A way to relieve both Azhagappan and Rambha is born.
Forms the rest.
This happens even though Yama tries his best to stop it.
<EOS>
Dorothy s lover is transported for committing a crime.
She follows him there only to discover.
He has been assigned to a villainous land owner and has escaped to the hills  where police believe he has died.
Dorothy decides to seek revenge and leads a group on raids on the land owner s house.
She then discovers.
Her lover is alive and married.
She decides to remain a bushranger.
She gets involved out by the sea.
She is captured by police.
<EOS>
Alice Evans needs to complete a screenplay.
She has not finished due after her boyfriend  Ben  tried to kill her.
She accepts an offer by a producer friend to let her stay in a Victorian-style home  so she can focus on her work.
He has recently purchased.
She insists.
Her friend Rebecca reluctantly agrees and leaves her there.
Alice begins to hear strange noises and becomes convinced.
The house is haunted.
<EOS>
The plot is about corruption in India.
It opens.
Soon it is revealed.
Gopi Krishnan is a corrupt assistant town planner using a government vehicle to come during his duty hours.
He has an altercation.
His driver takes him back.
Whose identity and profession are not yet revealed.
Sukumaran lives.
Later Sukumaran is seen  and meets Vasudevan.
Who is also having difficulty.
The audience comes to learn.
The film progresses.
Sukumaran is not the simple citizen he seems.
A vigilance officer named Nandhakumar trying to arrest Gopi Krishnan.
There is also a.
Nandhakumar makes three attempts to get evidence.
The first two fail.
Nandhakumar s subordinate Sunny leaked the plans.
Vasudevan commits suicide.
The third attempt succeeds.
However Nandhakumar loses his court case and has to give up his daughter.
Faced  Gopi Krishnan agrees to work with Nandhakumar to root out corrupt real estate developers.
The film closes returning Nandhakumar s daughter to him  saying.
She could not handle her crying all the time.
<EOS>
The movie starts out  telling his portrait.
Much she misses him.
She is followed.
When she emerges.
She waves.
Her hand and a wall appears  concealing the door.
Camryn makes a mess.
When she tries to magically put dishes.
Alex is living.
She is going.
Karsh and Ileana show up and announce.
They are getting married and that Miranda wants to see them.
Alex does nt go.
She does nt want to miss class so Camryn goes where she meets a handsome man named Demitri.
She believes him to be a prince.
It turns out  he s a powerless kitchen servant.
He s not.
Alex meets Marcus.
Who is Camryn s ex boyfriend.
He mistakes her.
Beth informs him otherwise.
Both Alex and Camryn have been receiving signs.
Their father is alive.
Miranda believes.
Thantos is becoming powerful again and wants the girls to use a vanquishing spell.
Everything will be destroyed  Thantos  and Aron.
They perform the spell.
Alex does nt want to do it and mistakenly brings back Thantos.
He goes off to destroy Aron s Shadow.
Camryn and Alex follow.
Everyone is locked out.
When Thantos takes Aron back.
Demitri helps them get.
He reveals.
When asked how.
Miranda gave him his powers back.
Camryn  Alex  and Miranda bring Aron back and Aron defeats Thantos.
The movie ends.
Everyone is there.
David and Emily  their housekeeper  even Beth and Marcus.
Camryn and Demitri share a loving look.
Then she waves.
Marcus and Alex wink.
Marcus whispers  I ca nt believe.
You re not more freaked.
Replies  What s there to be freaked out.
I m just jealous.
She s got this much room.
Karsh and Ileana exchange rings and Aron and Miranda pronounce them husband and wife.
They kiss and have the reception.
The movie ends.
<EOS>
Lee Dae-ho  a single father and manager luxurious landmark building complex  ` Tower Sky  in Seoul.
He is an earnest employee.
Liked and is secretly in love with Seo Yoon-hee  a restaurant manager.
The owner decides to hold a White Christmas party for tenants and VIPs on Christmas Day  with helicopters circling above  sprinkling snow onto the party.
Dae-ho has promised to spend the day  but had to cancel.
When he is needed.
The party is into the building and the building catches fire.
Dae-ho moves quickly to save Ha-na  Yoon-hee and his colleagues.
Firefighter Kang Young-kee fight to makes bring the blaze under control  helping Dae-ho in the process.
Together they fight to save the lives  despite a feud between the two men.
<EOS>
The story was based on a strong relationship between two brothers in a family.
But they are separated.
The movie deals.
<EOS>
The story revolves in a small town.
Ammaa s five grown-up children s  namely.
Parmu Govind Namdeo  Jeetu  Rukmi Sanjay Mishra  Kalavati and Hari Zakir Hussain  are all well-settled and have their own 2-seater vehicle.
However only Rukmi does nt have.
Thus he steals nearly Rs.
40000 / - safe-box and buys a second class two-seater scooter.
Soon the scooter met and so does the exposure of robbing money from Ammaa.
A group meeting was then finally called up.
The scooter was declared.
Where anybody and anyone can use it.
However this does nt go down well.
The story takes a complete turn.
Where how it changes to Ammaa s funeral.
This film also deals  This is a satire on family relations between A mother and her Five children.
Explained. 
<EOS>
A man wanders.
The restaurant s owner tries to determine.
He needs help.
She learns.
His name is David Helfgott and that he is staying.
She returns him  she leaves.
David is competing in a local music competition.
Helfgott has been taught to play  a man obsessed with winning.
Who has no tolerance.
David is noticed.
Who   takes over David s musical instruction.
David wins the state musical championship and is invited to study in America.
His family is initially supportive  Peter eventually forbids David to leave and abuses him  thinking.
David leaving would destroy the family.
Crushed  David continues to study and befriends local novelist and.
David s talent grows.
He is offered a scholarship in London.
David s father again forbids him to go  David leaves.
David enters a Concerto competition  choosing to play Rachmaninoff s difficult 3rd Concerto  a piece.
He had attempted to learn to make his father proud.
He increasingly becomes manic in his behavior.
David wins the competition  but suffers a mental breakdown and is admitted.
Where he receives electric shock therapy.
David recovers  but is still rejected by his father.
Where he is able to return.
David relapses and is readmitted.
Years later  a volunteer recognizes David and knows of his musical talent.
She takes him home but discovers  and needs more care.
He is difficult to control  unintentionally destructive.
She can offer.
She leaves him.
David has difficulty adjusting  and often wanders away from the hotel.
David wanders.
The next day David returns.
The patrons are astounded.
One befriends David and looks after him.
David plays at the restaurant.
David is introduced to Gillian.
David and Gillian fall.
David is able to come to terms with his father s death and to stage a well-received comeback concert presaging his return to professional music.
<EOS>
It is study time.
Everything is going fine.
His sister commits suicide.
Sofie s unexplained suicide takes its toll.
Christian is convinced.
Sofie was trying to communicate something before she took her life.
Nevertheless Christian and his friends decide one last time to celebrate midsummer.
But nothing is the same.
Sweden  however  turns out to be a pleasant experience.
Who discovers that he is.
Sofie s suicide  however  is not to go unexplained.
The truth is lurking.
Who get to drive back.
<EOS>
Kyle breaks up.
Kyle  Tiffani and Gwen  friends  all become attracted to Troy  a chiseled farm boy from Troy  Illinois.
Who poses nude.
Troy befriends and confides.
He has slept  but is reluctant to embrace any gay feelings.
Kyle and the girls devise a scheme.
Which Kyle pretends to be an ex-gay who is dating Tiffani  to overcome Troy s inhibitions and get him to sleep.
Marc notices Kyle becoming close and decides to try to seduce Troy himself.
Kyle and Troy start attending meetings.
Troy eventually succumbs during Gwen s homoerotic photo shoot  and the two fool around.
Marc can not go through.
He still has feelings.
Troy then overhears Gwen and Marc talking.
Wanting to get back  Troy visits Tiffani and Kyle.
Supposedly they have an arrangement that lets Kyle sleep.
They attempt a threesome.
Troy gets his revenge.
Gwen and Marc storm after witnessing the debacle.
Troy scolds the group.
Troy ultimately concludes.
Kyle admits.
He was wrong to leave Marc.
The five then start scheming to  the closeted leader of the ex-gay ministry  to his mother by tricking him to have sex with Octavio  another member of the ministry  in a portable toilet on wheels.
Jacob finally comes out  and flees with Octavio.
Troy takes a liking.
They start a relationship.
Marc and Kyle get back together after confessing their feelings to each other and start kissing.
Gwen starts to date a girl experimentally.
<EOS>
Set  the film follows Doctor Brockton and might be able to be helped and even domesticated.
Who learns that  a troglodyte is alive.
She gets the creature and attempts to get him to breed  but runs into trouble.
A few people oppose this  especially a local businessman afraid.
Murdock frees the creature  leading.
<EOS>
The film is set.
Fourteen-year-old Alan Tracy  sent off  is the youngest of the sons of Jeff Tracy  a retired American astronaut.
Jeff  a widower  has formed International Rescue  and raised his sons to act.
Uses highly advanced technology to save lives worldwide.
Jeff and his older sons are joined by Lady Penelope and her butler/chauffeur Parker.
Their futuristic hardware is largely developed Ray Brains Hackenbacker   along with his son  Alan s best friend  Fermat.
Who lives.
There s also caretaker Kyrano  cook Onaha  and their beautiful adolescent daughter  Tintin.
Who appears edgy.
Alan is eager to join his family.
His older brothers still see him as just their little kid brother  not ready.
Alan is grounded for spring break and start the engines nearly revealing International Rescue s location.
He and Fermat sneak.
Ben Kingsley portrays the arch-villain known  a character introduced in the first episode of the television series  brother of Kyrano.
Bitter  he has come to destroy them and take their machines to use in a daring raid on the Bank of England vaults.
He launches a missile to wreck Thunderbird 5  the orbiting communications station.
The Tracys - - launch aboard Thunderbird 3 to rescue John Tracy.
For Alan.
Who is manning the station when it is hit.
The Hood takes.
Using his mental powers to overcome Brains  resistance  The Hood takes control.
He also disables the control systems  stranding the rescuers  briefly transmitting a message to reveal his connections to the organisation s history.
Alan  Tintin and Fermat  having observed the invasion  then hearing his plans  launch a hasty resistance.
Fermat disables heavy-lifter Thunderbird.
They retreat  then flee to the mountaintop radio transmitter site.
They make contact.
Who tells them to wait to come and take charge.
However  the impulsive Alan leads the other two teenagers  resulting in their capture.
Lady Penelope and Parker arrive to help Alan  but they find.
The Hood has taken the Tracy Mansion.
A fight begins.
Whom they managed to defeat but are likewise captured when they are overpowered.
Alan is forced to give Thunderbird 2s missing guidance processor.
The island s defenders all end up locked.
The Hood  Transom and Mullion head off.
Escaping the freezer  the first order is to rescue Thunderbird 5 and the Tracys.
Alan gets his chance to go to work  Fermat and Tintin go.
He manages to convince Jeff to let him.
The Hood would never make it in time.
John  Brains and Lady Penelope back Alan up.
Jeff reluctantly accepts.
The three launch  chaperoned by Lady Penelope and piloted by Alan and Fermat to meet up with them in FAB.
Parker heads.
The Hood and his accomplices  having arrived  use.
International Rescue s drilling machine The Mole to begin tunnelling at the Bank  in the process damaging the support pylons for a public-transit monorail  which falls into the River Thames.
Alan  Tintin and Fermat land next  then they begin their rescue of the submerged monorail and its passengers.
Alan turns  then launches in the Thunderbird 4 rescue submarine.
Tintin dives  swims down to the stricken monorail  then joins Alan aboard Thunderbird.
When Alan and Fermat are unable to connect the lifting cable.
Where she secures the cable.
Jeff and his other sons arrive just  then Jeff  Alan  Tintin and Fermat rush to the bank.
Where they are joined.
Lady Penelope and Jeff get captured and Fermat and Parker defeat Mullion.
Alan asks his father.
Alan and Jeff try to find the Hood.
The Hood was telling the truth abandoning him  Jeff admitting that he left the Hood behind during the rescue but also admitting that he only did it because he could nt see any way to save the Hood that would nt have resulted in the deaths of both.
Alan and Hood fight.
Tintin traps Transom.
Alan starts to lose.
Tintin arrives.
She then proves.
She has mental powers similar.
Alan   saves him  saying  I do nt want to save your life.
Who has to choose.
It s.
What we do.
The Hood  Mullion and Transom are arrested with the Hood promising to see you soon  Jeff.
Turned over to police custody  the Tracys return home.
Where the three young heroes are inducted  while Tintin begins making a move on Alan  receiving a knowing wink from Penelope.
Moments later  a call has the Thunderbirds off on another mission.
<EOS>
An innocent Abhay Mohanty comes with lots of dreams  a decent job  beautiful life.
He has to fight with local goons.
His ambitions leads him.
Hi becomes Baba  the Don.
He becomes.
The most wanted.
<EOS>
A man embarks to infiltrate an old  decaying  abandoned house.
Rests. 
Making sure not to be spotted  the protagonist spends six days inside the house.
Where he quietly and voyeuristically witnesses a series.
A box full of candies reveal themselves to be rusty nails and screws before placing themselves on the keys of a typewriter  On Tuesday  a cow tongue licks a drawer full of dishes clean before climbing into a meat grinder and being made into tiny scrolls  On Wednesday  a clockwork toy chicken breaks free of its tether and reaches a plate full of corn kernels only to be buried under a pile brown clay  On Thursday  a desk releases the pigeons.
Were trapped only for them to be plucked by an unseen force  after which a chair tries to use the pigeons  feathers to fly only to crash and shatter on the floor.
A hose emerges from the buttonhole of a suit jacket and drinks all the water from a flower vase  causing the flowers in the vase to combust  and then urinates the water onto the floor  On Friday  a pair of dentures bind a cabinet full of pigs  feet with tough wire.
The man is ready to complete the last part of his mission.
He inserts sticks into the very holes.
He drilled to peer.
He connects the explosives  modifying it into a time bomb.
He realizes  so he rushes back.
As the man is about to depart.
He forgot to check off Sunday.
The man runs off into the distance  away from the doomed house.
<EOS>
A small American reconnaissance patrol makes its way to a Sicilian village at night.
Only one speaks Italian.
Local Carmela agrees to guide them.
They take shelter.
Joe is assigned to keep an eye.
The others take a look around.
Joe starts to overcome her indifference.
However  he is shot.
Reach the castle  Carmela hides Joe in the basement.
She sneaks back and checks  only to find him dead.
When the Germans send her.
She takes his rifle and starts shooting.
The Germans throw her off a cliff.
They find Joe s body and assume.
When the Americans return.
Carmela killed him.
Wakeman  John.
World Film Directors  Volume.
The H.
W.
Wilson Company.
.
Pp. 
.
The Allies invade mainland Italy and capture the port.
An orphaned street urchin named.
Pasquale happens.
Pasquale takes his boots.
When Joe falls asleep.
The next day  Joe  a military policeman  nabs Pasquale.
Joe demands his boots back.
The sight causes Joe to leave without them.
When the boy takes him.
The southern half is freed.
Fierce fighting continues.
All the bridges other have been blown up  stalling the Allied advance.
American nurse Harriet is frantic to get across and be reunited.
She learns.
He is now Lupo  the leader.
She and partisan Massimo  a man desperate  risk their lives and find a way across.
However  Harriet is devastated to learn.
Lupo has been killed.
Three members of the Allied OSS are operating behind German lines with Italian partisans.
They rescue two downed British airmen.
Run out during a battle with the enemy and are captured.
The partisans are summarily executed the next day   two are shot.
They are not protected.
When they try to interfere.
<EOS>
Dolly Parton stars.
Who struggles to escape.
Leanna finally faces her past  including her estranged mother and the death of her father.
Leana s father is shown to be an abusive and cotrolling man but himself  and once  viciously attacked a boy.
Who would not allow Leana to sing.
Leana was playing.
Leana finds herself reliving painful memories.
Leana s father threatens her.
She hits him while he is physically abusing Leana s mother.
Leana s mother eventually sent her off.
Where  free  she joined a church chior.
Leana is able to escape from Hank and reconcile with her mother before entering the studio to cut her first record.
The film ends.
<EOS>
Sidharthan is a part-time actor.
Who was the guardian.
He rents a house posing and is visited by his old friend Ramanujan.
Who creates chaos.
The young heiress Pooja   has a haunted past.
Who is the owner.
Sidharthan faces his old lover Uma and Pooja s abusive boyfriend.
<EOS>
The film opens.
Suddenly police enters.
But  they are saved by village youths under Chellan  a local goon.
Who is also a close buddy.
Both Chellan and Shivan share a strong friendship and are more.
Shivan is.
His mom have given green signal.
Chandri  the sister  is his everything.
His whole happiness revolves.
Bhadran  the younger brother is too aggressive like him and picks up fight for every silly reasons.
Its usually Shivan.
Who sorts out the fights that he picks up every day.
Things are going very smoothy.
One day Chandri gets pregnant.
Chandri  Shivan reveals him.
It is Chellan  who is responsible.
Shivan  kills Chellan and surrenders at police station himself.
Bhadran  but turns violent and vows to take revenge.
This incident changes the atmosphere.
Bhadran is now blind.
Shivan is sentenced.
Thampi  then comes out and gets married.
Bhadran one night kills him and kidnaps Chandri and sells her along to Pappi  a pimp.
Who also runs a brothel.
Shocked  Bhadrans  mother curses him and dies.
Bhadran is not ready to give up his revenge.
Shocked. 
Years have passed.
Shivan is released and reaches back the village.
He is a completely transformed man and is now repentance for killing Chellan.
Who was more.
He pleads Bhadran to reveal.
Where Chandri is now.
Bhadran is not ready for that.
One night  Bhadran is assaulted  but is saved by Shivan.
This incident opens the eyes  and plans to marry her.
Who informs his sister that he is going to bring Chandri back.
Bhadran reaches the brothel and asks Pappi to hand her over  Pappi do nt obey.
Bhandran picks up a fight.
Shivan  reaches there.
Who was following Bhadran.
He joins him.
Bhadran is killed by Pappi.
Shivan beats don Pappi and is about to kill him  but stops.
Bhadran makes his last breath lying.
<EOS>
A murderous gang has kidnapped John Severn  the U.
S.
Government s best engraver  forced to print virtually undetectable phony cash.
Who is being held and is.
The Secret Service sends its toughest agent  Jack Holt  and his female partner Kay Drew.
Holt and his boss Malloy decide to try to pass Holt off.
Masquerading.
Mr and Mrs Farrel  Holt and Drew manage to infiltrate the ruthless gang.
Action never stops on.
Holt s hunches lead him.
The action moves.
S.
Extradition. 
The brains heavy is a man named Lucky Arnold.
He hides to shield himself from the Secret Service  and lets.
Another one do most of his dirty work.
The island nation has its own pocket dictator.
Who is also trying to rub out our hero.
Holt endures numerous brushes with death  emerging from all of them with nary a hair out of place nor a crease in his well-tailored business suit.
<EOS>
The adventure tells.
Who inherits the old and not very tolerable cinema  to protect the family from the shame of bankruptcy.
She finally takes the reins independently  discovers her inner serial killer  waiting with new short films.
She does this.
Steven discovers the truth and tries to stop her.
When his best friend Judy disappears.
She attempts to murder the audience.
Steven manages to rescue Judy and the audience escapes  killing Mr Twiggs and the robber.
They try to stop them.
Deborah kidnapps Steven s mom and takes her.
Where Steven confronts her.
Deborah gets emotional  allowing Steven s mom to break free and stab her.
When Steven points out how disappointed her father would be.
Steven then pushes her.
Most survives and escapes.
The police try to arrest them.
When the twins come out.
They turn on each other and stab each other repeatedly  killing each other.
The news talks.
He doubts.
If it was a movie  Deborah would rise by now.
A worker causes Deborah s body to move.
He leaves.
She seems to stare right  freaking him out slightly.
<EOS>
The film centers.
Who meet and become friends at a public school in Brooklyn.
They learn.
They share much  not least of which is that they are both going through arranged marriages.
<EOS>
J.
Is released and reconnects.
Jack is a small-time hood.
An accidental shooting brings A.
J.
Back he had hoped to leave behind.
<EOS>
The story is based during 16th century.
It narrates the victory.
<EOS>
A warm-hearted comedy.
Who masquerades as a famous Italian soccer star hired to coach her daughter s floundering soccer team.
<EOS>
Angelique finds refuge at the Cour des Miracles and the boss Calembredaine  he turns out to be her childhood friend and first love Nicolas.
She finds back her children.
Nicolas is shot.
Angelique is arrested and sent.
She asks the captain to let her go rescue her children  he agrees.
She has to come back to spend the night.
Angelique goes and rescues her children.
She brings them and asks her to take care of them.
She has a debt to pay.
Angelique returns.
Where the captain is waiting.
He tries to kiss her but they struggle.
He falls down.
She escapes and flees.
Who now works.
Angelique renames the inn Le masque rouge  it is a big hit in Paris.
One day  Monsieur  brother  accompanied by his noblemen.
She meets her old enemy.
A tragedy occurs  Le masque rouge burns.
She calls.
He writes pamphlets.
Which they accuse the noblemen surrounding Monsieur.
The king disapproves.
He does nt like.
What Angelique is doing.
He sends his best policeman  the former lawyer of Jeoffrey  Desgrez.
He promises her a license to make and sell chocolate and.
000 livres masque rouge  on the condition.
Monsieur s name is nt mentioned.
She then encounters her cousin Philippe de.
They have a passionate affair.
Angelique wants him to marry her.
She blackmails him.
Eventually Philippe asks her to be his wife.
He introduces her.
<EOS>
Sune  a dropped out theology student  meets Viveka.
Who also is the son.
The two connect and eventually get married.
Viveka grows more and more emotionally unstable.
The years pass.
Sune accepts Viveka s mental problems and   obeys her increasingly bizarre commands.
Eventually Viveka loses her mind completely  locks herself.
Sune is away.
The police believe.
Sune is trying to murder her.
Viveka is taken away.
When Sune arrives home.
Sune tries to convince the doctors and should be allowed leave.
Viveka is not insane.
Sune turns on a gas tap and lies down next to Viveka.
They will die together.
<EOS>
The story centers.
Mrs Hobbes is all alone.
When her husband dies  but  discovers she has the power to help those in need and find peace within herself.
She decides to sell the home.
When she is left.
She can have a little money.
But she finds.
When she arrives.
It is far.
The house is home.
She first meets Crystal  a sweet little girl.
Whose mother was hooked and named her child after it.
Then she meets Jasmine.
Who does nt talk.
Soon she meets Justin and Teri  two teenagers.
Teri used to be hooked.
Justin saved his father s life only to watch him die.
Lastly she meets Max  a young boy.
Whose mother does nt love him.
Esther begins to find courage to save the house.
She soon discovers.
They save the home.
Esther then find people to invest.
Toward the end  Jasmine speaks to Esther after years of being silent  Thank you.
<EOS>
High school sweethearts David and Diana Murphy are a married couple.
Who travel  hoping they can win enough money to finance David s fantasy real estate project.
They place their money and lose.
They encounter billionaire John Gage.
Gage is attracted and offers David one million dollars to spend a night with her.
David and Diana decide to accept the offer.
A contract is signed the next day.
Gage flies Diana.
Where he offers her a chance to void the deal and return if he loses a toss of his lucky coin.
Gage calls it correctly.
She spends the night.
David grows increasingly insecure.
He had hoped to forget the whole incident.
She remains involved.
Diana discovers that Gage has bought their home/property while it was going.
David and Diana separate.
Gage actively persists and renews his advances.
Diana eventually consents with him.
She initially resists.
A relationship develops.
David  meanwhile  realizes.
He can not go on.
David makes one final attempt to win her back.
When Diana files.
David bares his soul.
He allowed the night to happen.
It is clearly a turning point.
Gage sees.
Diana looks and recognizes that  even if she stayed with him  their relationship would never achieve the intensity she had with David.
It is clear.
Diana has made up her mind to return when she says to Gage that they need to talk.
Gage  realizing  makes up a story.
She longs to return.
She was only the latest.
Diana realizes  thanks Gage and returns.
Gage is doing this to make it easy for her to leave.
He gives her his lucky coin.
She leaves.
Is revealed to be double sided.
She returns.
Where David proposed  only to find him there waiting.
They confess their love and join hands.
<EOS>
The film follows four Boy Scouts and two Scout leaders to the woods of Camp Keowa on Crystal Lake in the Catskills.
The newest Scout  eleven-year-old Keith Dozier  spends his first week.
Young Keith faces the challenges and earns his place as a Scout.
<EOS>
Allows the observation.
Which the demonstration is taking place - and its occupants - to be transported but for large  vicious carnivores which hunt and kill the displaced humans one by one.
A creature attacks the people.
The senator is ripped.
Lex has a heart attack.
Josh Burke sprays Al kills the private.
Researching an alien creature.
Two groups include Sam  Josh  and Dr Karen Frost in one group.
Out getting water.
Rivers  Dr Jillian OHara and Murphy  try to get out.
Josh steals an egg  drops it  and is instantly ripped up by Momma.
Rivers blows.
Him self up to save Sam.
Brian Murphy is attacked and killed.
Only Colonel Synn  Dr Frost  and Dr OHara are left.
Colonel Synn and Dr OHara manage to repair the device and return home.
Sadly  Dr Frost   is left behind and is killed.
Who went off in an attempt to find intelligent life because of a structure she saw in the distance.
<EOS>
Ostensibly set  the film tells the life story of an elderly man named Thomas Van Hazebrouck  looking back on his ordinary  apparently uneventful life in a complex mosaic of flashbacks  interspersed with fantasies about.
Events might have turned out differently.
It is not always possible to tell the difference.
Thomas is a very unreliable narrator.
Some scenes are definitely fantasized.
Thomas firmly believes.
His life to have been stolen by Alfred Kant  born at the same time as Thomas  who Thomas believes was inadvertently switched with himself as a baby.
Thomas  jealousy has overshadowed all his life  often with tragic consequences for his loved ones.
He is plotting revenge.
His intended revenge takes the shape of a plot to kill Alfred.
Thomas finds a more creative and surprising way to take back his life.
<EOS>
A story  Mary is a cabaret hostess with a heart of gold.
Her sister Maizie is a.
<EOS>
Pierre Delacroix  is an uptight  Harvard University-educated black man  working.
He has to endure torment from his boss Thomas Dunwitty  a tactless  boorish white man.
Not only does Dunwitty talk  and use the word nigger repeatedly in conversations  he also proudly proclaims and has two mixed race children.
He is more black and that he can use nigger since he is married to a black woman.
Dunwitty frequently rejects Delacroix s scripts.
Portray black people.
Facing the necessity  Delacroix decides to aim for the latter.
Delacroix would be.
He resigned.
Getting fired would release him and allow him to seek work at another network.
Delacroix decides to pitch a minstrel show.
Mantan  The New Millennium Minstrel Show is complete.
Caricature the leading stars.
Delacroix develops the program believing.
The network would reject such over-the-top racism and fire him immediately.
Delacroix and Hopkins decide to recruit two impoverished street performers  Manray and Womack -- homeless squatters.
Who regularly perform to star in the show.
Manray willfully agrees to star  seeing it as his big chance to become rich and famous for his tap dancing skills.
Womack is horrified when Delacroix tells him details.
It also becomes hugely successful.
As soon  Manray and Womack end up becoming big stars.
The show premieres.
Delacroix  contrary  defends the show as being satirical.
Delacroix quickly embraces the show and his newfound fame  he even wins awards.
Hopkins becomes horrified.
An underground  militant rap group called.
The Mau Maus  led  becomes increasingly angry at the content of the show.
The group plan to bring the show.
They had earlier auditioned and were rejected.
Eventually  Womack quits  fed up.
Manray and Hopkins thus grow closer.
Angers Delacroix.
Delacroix tries to break up Manray s relationship by accusing her of sleeping with Manray to further her career.
Delacroix reveals.
Hopkins only got her position by sleeping with him.
The move backfires and drives Manray and Hopkins even closer.
Hopkins creates a tape.
He refuses to view the tape.
He is being exploited.
He will no longer wear blackface.
He appears.
Who are all  during a TV taping.
The network executives immediately turn.
Dunwitty personally fires him and throws him out of the studio.
The Mau Maus kidnap Manray  and then announce a plan to publicly execute Manray.
The authorities work feverishly to track down the source.
Manray is nevertheless assassinated.
Delacroix begins to fantasize the various coon-themed antique collectibles in his office staring him down and coming to life and goes into a rage  destroying many of the racist collectibles.
The police quickly catch The Mau Maus  shooting them down.
They leave only one survivor  a white member known.
Who tearfully proclaims that he is black and demands to die instead of being arrested.
Furious  Hopkins confronts Delacroix with her brother s revolver and demands.
He watch the tape she prepared.
Delacroix   tries to get the gun  but is shot in the stomach.
Hopkins  horrified  flees.
Proclaiming that it was Delacroix s own fault that he got shot.
Delacroix   watches the tape.
Positioning the gun to make the gunshot wound appear.
He lies dying.
The film concludes from Hollywood films of the first half of the 20th century.
Some are The Birth of a Nation  The Jazz Singer  Gone with the Wind  Babes in Arms  Holiday Inn  Ub Iwerks  cartoon Little Black Sambo  Walter Lantz s cartoon Scrub Me Mama with a Boogie Beat  the Screen Songs short Jingle Jangle Jungle  the Merrie Melodies short All This and Rabbit Stew  and  from the Hal Roach comedy School s Out  Our Gang kids Allen Farina Hoskins and Matthew Stymie Beard.
The camera then shows Manray doing his last Mantan sequence on stage.
The cameras point.
<EOS>
Alan Moore presents the story.
The film features the first film adaptations.
Another key scene features a direct reference.
<EOS>
The owner and the general manager fall in love with the same girl at the same time.
The owner tries to ` buy  the girl.
She is.
<EOS>
Betty s puppy Pudgy is infatuated  but is crushed.
When the dog s owner refers as a little nobody.
Betty cheers up her pet is Somebody.
Pudgy later proves this.
When he rescues his doggie love.
<EOS>
The movie opens.
What appears to be another average day.
Who are today posing  out doing good deeds in the hopes of getting rewards.
Benny the Ball saves the life of a bag lady.
Unbeknownst  it is revealed afterwards.
She is actually a rich woman named Gertrude Vandergelt  who plans to leave her fortune.
Meanwhile  Officer Dibble arrives to put an end.
C.
S shenanigans to wash his police car s windshield.
Though  he gets a call saying  so he can now retire.
When Dibble is about to arrest the gang.
His application has been approved.
Thus he drops the charges.
C.
And the gang.
Benny receives news from Mrs Vandergelt s lawyer Sid Buckman.
Gertrude Vandergelt has died  and that she has put his name.
C.
And the rest accompany Benny to the Vandergelt mansion.
Where Dibble is now working.
They meet the conniving butler Snerdly.
His Muttley-esque wolfhound Rasputin.
Sid Buckman reads.
The will  which states that Benny inherits her fortune  provided that nothing bad happens within the next two days.
This upsets Snerdly   so he and Rasputin plot to do away.
He had hoped to obtain the fortune himself.
T.
C.
And the gang move with Benny.
Snerdly realizes.
To get  he ll have to get rid of the protective T.
C.
To do this  Snerdly calls up a femme fatale cat named Kitty Glitter  telling her.
He has fixed her up a date  as he describes T.
C.
Kitty is eager to have a rich cat.
This plan is foiled.
When she mistakes Brain.
C.
It s only.
When Snerdly calls her again  demanding to know where she is  that she realizes she s made a mistake.
That night  Snerdly throws a costume party  making Benny wear a bulldog mask and then calling up the local dogcatcher and his pet doberman Dobey to say.
There s a mutt roaming.
Sure enough  the dogcatcher arrives and captures Benny.
It does nt take long.
C.
Thanks.
C.
Finds out  so they take the limousine there and break Benny out.
Benny has been taken.
Though  the dogcatcher takes off in hot pursuit.
As they escape.
The missing Amy has been working as part of Snerdly s evil plot.
It turns out.
C.
And the gang turn up  so they decide to bring her back.
The car wash and recognize Amy hanging in the mansion.
That the inheritance can be rightfully given.
They arrive too late.
Snerdly has just inherited the Vandergelt fortune  but Sid Buckman then reveals.
He is.
Snerdly and Rasputin are caught by the dogcatcher.
C.
And the gang return.
Dibble rejoins the police force.
Kitty Glitter reappears  still wanting to be wed.
She believes T.
C.
To be  but she dumps him.
When Brain lets it slip that they re broke.
Afterwards  Amy pays a visit to have a picnic.
C.
S gang and Dibble.
<EOS>
He finds out.
After Robert Mendham turns.
He was not only adopted  but stolen.
He then runs away to search for his biological parents and ends up in a small town in Ohio  he tracks down his mother Ruth Monroe and father Earl.
Where  using the public library files.
He then manages to befriend his biological brother and get taken  while trying to find out  all the while keeping his true identity from them.
Where he belongs.
<EOS>
Master Sergeant Joe Lawrence is stationed shortly after the end of World War II.
Where he falls with Maria  a refugee.
Maria is trying to raise enough money to move a group to South America.
Where they can start life anew.
Joe wants to help her.
Joe plans a daring robbery.
A fortune is being transferred to England from Germany via military transport.
The trio intend to hijack the plane.
The three participants begin to have second thoughts.
The robbery goes off almost as planned.
What to do.
<EOS>
TV newswoman Lee Carter is one.
A waiter armed is chased but falls to his death.
Meanwhile  a second waiter  also armed  leaves the crime scene unnoticed.
A special committee decides.
The assassination was the work.
Three years later  Carter visits her former boyfriend and colleague  newspaper reporter Joe Frady.
Lee tells Frady.
She fears.
She will be next.
Frady does not take her seriously.
Not long afterwards  Lee is found dead.
Her death is judged to be either a voluntary or accidental drug overdose.
Investigating Carter s leads  Frady goes.
Whose sheriff.
D.
Wicker  attempts has sounded indicating.
To trap him after an alarm.
The floodgates are opening.
Frady narrowly escapes but the sheriff drowns.
Frady finds information and learns.
Its real business is recruiting political assassins.
A bomb explodes.
Interviewing Carroll s former aide  Austin Tucker.
Frady survives but is believed dead  and decides to apply under an assumed identity.
Jack Younger  a Parallax official  assures Frady.
He is the kind they are interested in.
Frady is accepted in Los Angeles.
Where he watches a slide show that conflates positive images.
Frady later spies a Parallax man.
He recalls.
He follows the man and watches him take out a bag  then drive to an airport and check it as baggage on a plane.
Frady boards the plane himself.
He notices a Senator aboard  but not the Parallax man.
Frady writes a warning.
He slips.
The warning is found.
The plane returns.
Everybody is evacuated - just.
Frady s generally skeptical editor had.
Bill Rintels listens.
A disguised Parallax operative delivers coffee and food.
The editor is poisoned.
The tape is removed.
Continuing his investigation  Frady follows the Parallax assassins.
Frady hides s rafters to secretly observe the Parallax men  posing as security personnel  also in the rafters.
Too late  Frady realizes.
He has been set up  as Hammond is shot dead by an unseen gunman.
He is sighted by the marching band s tuba player.
Frady is trying to escape.
A Parallax agent kills Frady.
The same committee killed.
Determined a lone gunman.
Senator Carroll now reports that Frady  acting alone  killed Senator Hammond.
The committee further express the hope.
The verdict will end political assassination conspiracy theories.
They do not take questions.
<EOS>
Raghavan alias Raghu has been ignored and demeaned all his life.
He then decides to teach the world a lesson.
This does get him some conditional recognition.
But Raghavan s goal is much more higher than getting some recognition.
His plans materialize.
When he is able to get Bardha killed  and takes over.
Raghavan decides to put a temporary halt his brother-in-law  Asst.
When he comes to know that.
Superindent  Raj Sinha  along with his wife  Suman  her mother  and his young son  Bunty  are coming over for a visit.
Raghavan s instructions are not followed.
Raj comes to know.
Raghavan is the head.
Raghavan then decides to use his position and abducts Suman  her mother  and Bunty  and uses them.
But Raj is bent.
Suman and her mother are killed.
Now the only one left.
Alive family is Bunty.
It does not look.
Raj continues to pursue Raghavan.
Bunty will be alive.
<EOS>
Jacqueline Floriot is thrown out without any money by her jealous husband Louis.
When he discovers she has been carrying.
She is not even allowed to see their four-year-old son.
She sinks.
Twenty years later  she has become the mistress.
Laroque decides to blackmail him.
When he finds out that her husband is now the Attorney General.
Desperate to shield her son  she shoots and kills her lover.
The lawyer assigned to her turns out to be her own son  on his first case.
He is puzzled and frustrated.
When she refuses to defend herself.
Her husband shows up in support of his son.
She makes an impassioned plea.
When she sees that he recognizes her and is about to speak out.
What drove her.
The hidden message silences Louis.
She had intended.
She is carried.
When Jacqueline faints.
There  she kisses her still-unaware son and dies.
<EOS>
Dong-ho and Song-hwa are separately adopted and grow up as siblings.
Dong-ho falls with.
He suffers.
He has to call her sister and constantly fight a great singer.
Eventually  Dong-ho leaves home.
However   he keeps following traces of his love while refining his drumming skills.
Order to match well.
This is the heart-touching love story.
Who devotes her life and love.
Who has devoted his life.
<EOS>
John Ainsworth helps win a rowing race.
He demonstrates his skill.
Celebrating. 
He also flirts to the displeasure of a crook  Webster.
A brawl results and John is expelled.
John s sheep farmer father - - is furious and disowns his son.
Who is disdainful and wants John to marry a rich girl.
The Depression is.
John has difficulty obtaining work.
He befriends a pickpocket  Joe.
Who invites John to live in the Sydney Domain.
One night he comes.
He stops her.
She goes to live.
John gets hold and starts playing for his fellow homeless vagrants in the Domain.
He is overheard one night and soon becomes a well known violinist under the name John Hilton  working with manager.
He goes  taking Joe with him as his valet but leaving Ann behind.
He meets a famous singer  Madame Le Lange  and rises as a leading conductor and composer.
John returns.
His father   suffers a heart attack.
Whose property is greatly.
Madame Le Lange throws a tantrum and refuses to appear.
Anne steps in  John s father recovers.
The opera is a big success.
<EOS>
The plot revolves  on a factory ship in Antarctic waters  lost overboard in mysterious circumstances.
Captain Nordahl is an associate.
Duncan Craig  an American  played  meets Judie Nordahl  the captain s daughter on his way to South Africa.
Where he gets even.
Craig signs on to be a mate on the ship taking Judie to Antarctica.
Craig finds suspicious evidence.
Seems to implicate Erik Bland  the new captain  in a conspiracy.
Another murder follows.
The film concludes.
<EOS>
Panakkara Kudumbam is a movie.
Human beings disregard everything.
<EOS>
Lucky Kapoor lives and has no interest in taking over his father s business in India.
Saba Karim Khan has a great interest.
Mr Kapoor has no interest.
So Khan has Mr Kapoor killed  making it look.
Jessica Periera  a childhood sweetheart  has proof.
Mr Kapoor s death was not an accident.
She keeps it.
He finds -- but he also discovers.
When Karim Khan meets to renegotiate.
Lucky is willing to sell.
Lucky bears a striking resemblance.
Lucky is not willing to do so.
Karim Khan will do anything to make Lucky heir.
<EOS>
John Sterling takes his young wife Lillie.
Where he plans to invest.
He is neglectful.
Creates reactions from his romantic young wife.
Aboard a ship  Lillie witnesses a scene - a passenger hits one of his servants.
The violent man is immediately taken and will endeavor all to make her acquaintance.
Therefore  he contacts the husband.
Whom he attracts.
John presents his new friend  the young and handsome Prince de Gace.
Who immediately recognizes the violent man.
Multiple situations offer the Prince a chance to approach Lillie.
Who spurns him.
He then uses force to kiss her - Lillie tries to talk  in vain.
The couple are hosted by the Prince  at this vast estate.
Lillie avoids being alone - she even wishes to join her husband in his professional investigations.
He refuses.
Finally  Lillie and the Prince are alone.
His efforts intensify.
He forces himself again.
She finally yields and returns his kiss.
John returns to surprise the kiss  raising the question of.
Whether the woman embracing De Gace is his wife.
His suspicion confirmed  the men go on a tiger hunt.
The Prince is hurt.
John decides to return alone.
His wife reaffirms her love.
<EOS>
The Technirama film tells the story.
Who travels in search of his jet-setting fiancee.
Revere moves in Pepe Bonelli  a struggling artist.
Who also befriends a beautiful young girl  Raffaella Marini  whom Revere had met.
This was Allasio s next-to-last film.
She would marry Count Pierfrancesco Calvi di Bergolo  grandson  in November 1958 and retire from the cinema.
<EOS>
Set  the film sketches the dissolution of a family suffering from the economic decline of their village.
A vital railroad project was to have been constructed  employing the father.
It was cancelled.
<EOS>
It is just.
A man dons dark glasses and gloves and loads a 9 mm.
Silenced automatic handgun.
He then drives.
Where he shoots a policeman  then drives to a police impound yard and shoots the officer on duty.
He then waits  he momentarily flashes his police badge.
He washes his hands.
It is Detective Sgt.
Stan Boyle.
Boyle gives the driver a satchel containing the 9 mm.
When a car pulls up.
And proceeds - but is shot in the back  by this same driver.
Who was suppose to be merely getting rid weapon.
The Police Department  and the head  Captain Edward Kosterman  believe.
The shootings are the work  and Kosterman orders an immediate dragnet.
Apparently unrelated  and  at Detective Lieutenant Lon McHugh  barely escapes an attempt on his life  by a professional hitman  Patty Samuels.
McQ had been awakened just minutes  by a phone call to him on his boat  telling him of his longtime partner s murder  along with the two other police officers.
McQ is convinced.
He and Boyle had been investigating drug trafficking.
The target  local shipping magnate Manny Santiago  a known drug dealer  is responsible for the attack on both he  and his partner.
Kosterman to leave the investigation and the attempt on his life to the Department  McQ  after seeing and talking with Boyle s wife Lois   believes.
The first thing he should do is to start tailing Santiago.
He rages and beats him viciously in a mens room.
Doing this  he sees a news report that Boyle has died.
McQ angrily resigns.
When ordered confined by the Chief of Police and Kosterman.
Continuing to investigate the case privately  McQ learns.
Santiago has assembled major heist team to steal the confiscated heroin and cocaine.
The drugs are normally held  secretly at the conclusion of their use as evidence in trials and appeals.
Turned over for disposal.
McQ pursues Santiago s men.
They escape.
McQ acquires for himself an Ingram submachine gun.
But  McQ uncovers deep corruption.
When he presses his investigation.
McQ learns.
The drugs he allegedly has successfully stolen  are really only powdered sugar.
The real drugs  has been carefully  and  over a period of years  replaced with powdered sugar.
Obviously  this switch  immense  could not have been done  without massive cooperation throughout the department.
McQ also realizes.
Santiago was not responsible.
McQ s investigation then leads again.
Where his car is crushed.
McQ escapes.
He finally discovers.
When he reexamines the wreckage.
Who is  and also who is behind the theft of drugs from the police  leading to a climactic chase and shootout along a beach with Santiago and his men.
<EOS>
Steve Morgan  a charming but utterly sociopathic criminal  gets a ride.
Who has just robbed and killed a cinema cashier.
Who does not know that Morgan is a killer.
They stop and pick up two women.
Heading. 
Encountering a roadblock  Morgan takes over and persuades the party to spend the night.
Morgan begins killing.
<EOS>
A dedicated  decorated war veteran  Sgt.
Callan  is posted at a fuel supply depot in.
Finding a lack under the frequently drunk Capt.
Loring  he takes charge.
But distracting the sergeant is a physical attraction of his men  Private First Class Swanson.
Seems. 
He makes Swanson his orderly and befriends him socially.
Behind his back scares off Solange  the private s girlfriend.
Callan s confusion and depression grows.
He begins to drink.
Unable to resist the urge  the sergeant attempts and is violently warded off.
He turns up.
Morning formation hungover and Loring relieves him.
Callan goes off  and commits suicide.
<EOS>
Mr Clay is a wealthy merchant at the end of his life.
His only constant companion is his bookkeeper  a Polish-Jewish emigrant named Levinsky.
One evening  Levinsky mentions an apocryphal story.
Who offers a sailor five guineas to impregnate his wife.
Clay becomes obsessed.
Legendary tale come true.
Levinsky is dispatched to find a sailor and a young woman.
Who will play the part.
Levinsky approaches Virginie  the daughter.
Clay s ruthless dealings drove Virginie s father.
She is eager to participate.
The destitute sailor  a young Englishman named Paul  is discovered and recruited.
Virginie and Paul find an emotional bond  but go their separate ways - Virginie is exorcised of her bitterness against Clay.
Paul disappears.
Levinsky goes to inform Clay.
What took place  but discovers the old merchant has died.
Cowie  Peter.
The Cinema.
1978  A.
S.
Barnes & Co.
<EOS>
Set  the movie tells the story of a 12-year-old girl  Natty Gann.
Natty s father travels from Chicago to the state of Washington to find work in the timber industry  leaving tomboyish Natty behind.
Having no mother  Natty is left  the insensitive woman had been living in.
Who manages the hotel Natty and her father.
Natty runs away to find her father on her own  embarking on a cross-country journey.
She is befriended by a wolf.
Who travels for much of her voyage  has a brief  innocent romance with another young traveler  and encounters various obstacles that test her courage  perseverance  and ingenuity.
<EOS>
A tropical island is purchased.
Cursed. 
Who plans to open a luxury hotel.
He hires a sea Captain to take him and a socialite.
Arriving  the group is greeted by a shaman and his granddaughter Luna.
They are warned to leave.
The island is reported home.
But Luna   takes a liking.
Who just might be a ghost.
<EOS>
Arthur Merrill is a roue.
Who continues to celebrate his rejuvenation surgery.
She turns out to be the sweetheart.
<EOS>
All her life  Isabella has suffered.
She could nt play much with other children.
She stayed and learned.
To cook  becoming a renowned chef.
She fell with Toninho.
They opened a restaurant together.
The only way to control her motion sickness is to control her motion.
She must drive  take stairs  lead.
Must be during sex.
Toninho feels emasculated and has an affair with a neighbor.
Isabella flees Brazil  an African-American transsexual.
Who spent her early years in Salvador.
Isabella is unable to find a job.
She takes.
Cliff  a neighbor and local television producer  smells her cooking  follows her and signs her to host a live cooking show  Passion Food.
She makes Monica her assistant.
Isabella performs a sacrifice  to harden her heart and make.
Her never love Toninho again.
Back  Toninho s restaurant is foundering without Isabella.
Toninho curses Yemanja and the fishermen stop catching any fish.
He figures out.
Isabella has gone and follows her to San Francisco.
He spots her and tracks her to the studio.
Toninho sneaks into the studio and onto the set  serenading Isabella on the live broadcast.
Cliff hires Toninho and the musicians.
Isabella pursues.
A relationship continues trying to win her back.
Network executives offer nationally  but only after demanding a number of changes  including firing Monica.
Toninho apologizes  but tells her to stay out of -LSB- his -RSB- business with Isabella.
The restaurant closed.
He quits the show and makes another attempt to win back Isabella.
Isabella goes.
Him but has to take an elevator.
Her motion sickness slows her enough to allow Toninho to depart.
Isabella also quits the show rather than accept the changes demanded.
Isabella.
Now wanting  tries to cook another sacrifice but finds.
It returned.
Her cooking talent is gone.
Undaunted  Monica substitutes some boxed macaroni and cheese.
Isabella makes the second offering but nearly drowns.
She has a vision.
Who rejects her new offering.
Isabella goes to collect her things.
Toninho  sent  shows up and suggests they cook something together.
The fish return returns Isabella s original offering along with her love for Toninho.
They cook.
The film closes operating a new restaurant as equal partners and with Cliff and Monica as a couple.
<EOS>
They are immediately acquainted.
When an American couple Michael and Lisa travel to restore an erotic sex goddess sculpture in Rajasthan.
The couple are taught the skills by Abhisarika a Royal Kamasutra expert.
Vows are broken leading.
When forbidden desires are revealed.
<EOS>
The film tells the remarkable and sometimes harrowing story they went to.
Order to capture their pictures prior to the downfall of Apartheid in South Africa.
Tribute.
Ca  Steven Silver & Frank Rautenbach The Bang Bang Club Interview.
<EOS>
Iberia Parish Sheriff s Detective Dave Robicheaux is investigating the murder and has a chance encounter with a pair of Hollywood stars  Elrod Sykes and his girlfriend Kelly Drummond.
Who are to make a Civil War film.
Dave determines.
Elrod is driving drunk and decides to arrest him.
Elrod  objecting  tells Dave of a decayed corpse.
He and Kelly had found.
Dave goes to investigate.
Disappeared. 
The discovery is soon tied in that area.
Had occurred recently  mostly.
The clues seem to point.
Whose ties had caused Dave and him to drift apart and become enemies.
Balboni denies knowing the prostitute.
Whose murder is being investigated.
Dave visits the film site and meets the producer Michael Goldman.
Little to go on.
Who states that while Baby Feet is helping to fund the film  he is not a co-producer as he had said.
Meanwhile  Dave s home life is disrupted.
Who begin turning up regularly  almost every time.
This prompts Dave to take pity.
He  too  is a struggling alcoholic.
His daughter  Alafair looks up.
Wife Bootsie has concerns.
The discovery prompts the FBI to become involved in the case.
Dave is partnered.
Dave attends a birthday party and  though drinking Dr Pepper   sending him off in a daze to the forest.
Becomes terribly uncoordinated and crashes his pickup truck.
There he encounters a camp.
Who apparently wishes to help Dave.
Dave learns.
When he awakens.
His drink had been laced.
Elrod drunkenly takes a boat out  calling Dave.
When the boat engines get caught.
Dave gives Kelly his coat.
It is pouring rain.
A mysterious gunman shoots her  mistaking her for him.
General Hood offers advice again.
Dave shakes off the feelings.
Elrod moves.
Dave can be his AA sponsor.
Dave s cop friend  Lou Girard  is found dead.
Dave sees General Hood.
They are having a group photograph taken.
The general invites Dave to join them.
A story corroborates a suspect  Murphy Doucet.
Who   are responsible for the death of DeWitt Prejean  the skeleton found in the swamp.
Dave arrests Doucet using a planted knife.
Doucet gets out and kidnaps Dave s young daughter Alafair.
Gomez and Dave go and force him into telling them about a campsite Doucet owns.
The pair head there.
Gomez is startled and instinctively shoots him.
Dave plants of murdering him.
A throw-away pistol to ensure that she is cleared.
They free Alafair and return home.
Months later  Dave  determines.
Who had stopped seeing visions after the case was solved.
He was a figment  a lingering spirit to help him through the most difficult case of his life.
He moves on.
Baby Feet  was arrested for an issue that no one would have suspected  not as a mafia criminal  but as a tax dodger.
Elrod too moves on  leaving his alcohol addiction behind  he gives Alafair a small role in the Civil War film  and claims.
She had been his salvation.
Alafair is looking.
The story ends.
When she comes.
We see a close-up  standing in the back  among the Confederate soldiers  is Dave Robicheaux.
It is the photo taken.
What Dave had supposed.
Was a vision.
<EOS>
Jagoda is a 30-year-old cashier.
Who   makes the mistake of refusing to sell an elderly woman some strawberries.
The next day the woman s grandson  Marko  walks.
Eventually the relationship deepens and grows more complex.
<EOS>
15 years after the end of the end of World War II  Shozo Hirono  the protagonist of the first film in the trilogy  has managed to separate from the Yamamori family  and create his own small family and to extend his circle of acquaintances.
These new friendships include a powerful underboss.
The movie begins  discussing business in the street.
They are attacked.
Sugihara dies.
The killer blends has an opportunity to apprehend him.
One of the guests vomits on Sugihara s remains  then hastily leaves the ceremony.
The others know and probably did it  so they ask Uchimoto  sworn brother of the deceased to take care of the man.
Men was beat.
He cowardly refuses saying.
He is a guest.
Later Shozo meets Kanichi Okubo  a retired yakuza.
Who explains that his guarantor  Yasuda  has to take care.
Much his new guarantor is Yamamori  a good businessman but incompetent boss.
Caused the death.
So Shozo unwillingly joins the ranks as underboss.
Muraoka resigned and is to chose a successor.
The only reason Yamamori took him is because he was behind the assassination of Sugihara.
The next day he meets.
Others   given.
Where he learns that he wants to be sworn brother with someone from the Akashi family  one of the biggest families in Kobe and in all Japan in order to strengthen his position  and asks Shozo for help.
He s friend.
He agrees.
Shozo takes a young worker named Kuramoto  a hopeless thug.
Who recently badly hurt a sumo fighter.
That summer  Soichi Eda is parolled.
Eda is one.
Sometime later Hirono  Uchimoto  Akira Takeda  Eda and Hiroshi Matsunaga all become sworn brothers.
Later  thanks is approved.
He became a sworn brother.
Who is.
Then it s explained.
There is only one real threat  the Shinwa group of Kobe.
A big battle was being fought  and with Hiroshima becoming a flash point in the struggle for control.
The latter is upset.
He believes Uchimoto is double crossing the family.
Claiming  forgive his rudeness That evening.
While he s a yakuza  he s also a businessman.
He reunites.
They say.
They are going to name Yamamori the successor.
Hirono  surprised  says.
Is a terrible choice that everyone will regret.
The bosses say.
There s no other option  as Muraoka is upset to Akihara  thinking that he sold Iroshima to Kobe.
Matsunaga  Takeda and Eda all have their reasons not to accept  and.
They have to chose Yamamori.
Uchimoto enters the room in rage.
Hirono told the truth to Aihara  and because of that the ceremony to become sworn berother with Akihara has been put off indefinitely.
This end leaving.
The two angry.
Two Months later  the Yamamori and Muraoka family form one big family  Yamamori  during the celebration  in witch Yamamori ignores Hirono  despite being him  Uchimoto seems even more enraged with Hirono  blaming him for not being the successor to Muraoka.
Who put him where he is now.
Uchimoto is publicly humiliated  prompting him to break in tears  so the others decide to go to a bar  leaving Hirono to comfort of Uchimoto.
Which point Uchimoto begins to yell  thinking he was the one that suggested Yamamori.
Uchimoto decides not to listen  and threatens to smash Yamamori and kill Hirono.
Uchimoto was the mediator in a conflict between Hamazake anf Komoro families from Iwakuni.
Both being supported.
He decides to use this to begin a proxy war  and take control.
He believes is rightfully his.
<EOS>
Sreeni  a simpleton has a high paying job.
His mother   is looking.
Who is traditional.
Sreeni is a butt.
They tease him.
The leader is Nimisha.
Their relationship is purely platonic.
Meanwhile  his mother succeeds  brought up in an Aghraharam.
Later  Nimisha realizes all.
She had been long with Sreeni.
Abhi  has her own personal battles to deal with.
She had always been with Ambi.
<EOS>
Stephen Randall Glass is a reporter/associate editor.
Glass is known for his colorful writing.
His editor  Michael Kelly  is revered.
Kelly backs his reporter.
When David Keene questions Glass  description and the drunken antics of Young Republicans at a convention.
When Glass admits but says the rest is true.
But Kelly is fired.
He stands up.
The staff are less enchanted.
Glass lampoons the restrained Lane and ingratiates himself with coworkers.
Glass entertains with his newest story pitch about Ian Restil  a teenage hacker hired by Jukt Micronics  a software company in Silicon Valley.
He hacks their system s security.
Glass reports.
Restil used a sports agent to negotiate a lucrative compensation package celebrated at a hacker convention.
But  the editor asks reporter Adam Penenberg.
The article is printed.
He missed the scoop.
Penenberg begins to investigate.
The story unravels.
Another raises suspicions.
Penenberg challenges Lane to get to the truth.
Phone numbers lead only  the software company has an amateurish  slapdash webpage  Glass has virtually no answers as to the facts of the story.
Lane ca nt confirm anything.
Hammered  Glass can see.
His responses are unconvincing  so he now claims he must have been duped.
Lane finally forces Glass to drive out to trace the agent  but the Bethesda office building is closed on Sundays.
Where the convention supposedly took place.
The nearby restaurant closes.
Where he claims they ate dinner.
M. 
Glass finally admits  but relied on sources for information.
He was nt actually.
Lane is outraged but proceeds cautiously after telling Glass.
He wants Glass to tell him the truth on.
He suspends Glass.
Though he has the sympathy.
Caitlin Avey  a friend and fellow writer at the magazine  considers quitting over Lane s supposed unjust treatment of Glass.
He also reveals.
When a colleague calls Lane to express concern.
Glass has a brother.
Chuck realizes.
The brother must have posed.
Lane goes back.
Where he finds Glass and confronts him.
Glass pleads.
Lane orders him and takes his security access card.
Searching  Lane is disgusted.
When he realizes that much  if not all  was falsified.
Lane fires him.
When an emotional Glass suddenly returns.
Caitlin accuses Lane.
She hears the news.
Was loyal.
He challenges her to act.
She is.
He reminds her.
Half were published on Kelly s watch and that the entire staff will have to apologize to their readers for allowing Glass to continue to hand in fictitious stories.
The receptionist wryly remarks.
When Lane arrives.
All this trouble could have been averted if reporters were mandated to photograph all their sources.
Lane discovers.
The staff has written an apology.
They spontaneously begin to applaud their editor  signifying their unity.
Lane is told the entire truth.
Glass   admits.
27 were fabricated in whole or in part.
<EOS>
Missie Davis is a hard-working woman.
Who is devoted.
She almost fell deeply with Grant Thomas  a railroad heir.
Who begins to court her.
However  Willie Nathan LaHaye  an odd stranger  appears.
Willie helps Missie s father.
He has an almost fatal accident.
Positioned  Missie learns.
What is truly important.
<EOS>
Epic film  based on a true story of mathematician scientist Sofia Kovalevskaya.
She was a Russian pioneer.
She was the first woman.
It seemed.
The whole world was.
She later got a Ph.
D.
However she was denied a professorship.
She had to go.
She had a daughter and family life.
Sofya Kovalevskaya was eventually recognized.
Leading scientists   took part in her education and career.
<EOS>
The movie follows two female British officers  and possibly rescue  an inmate.
Who volunteer to enter a Nazi camp undercover in order to gain information.
The camp s female inmates serve and are subjected to humiliating treatment  torture  and rape.
One arranges to be punished.
When the two female agents learn that their target is being held.
That she can make contact.
This leads.
Harman being stripped and strung up.
The target uses her body.
They attempt their escape.
The escape plan ends.
The movie shows female full frontal nudity.
<EOS>
Crystal is an advertising executive.
Who tracks down the mobsters who killed her boyfriend Larry.
She seduces.
Each man  drugs them  then smothers them.
She finds out.
It was her own father who ordered her lover s execution.
<EOS>
The film opens.
Roy Cronin  an officer  is seen standing in the nightscape of London s Waterloo Bridge reminiscing of an earlier period in his life paralleling the present.
He recalls such a night years ago  the outbreak.
When he met Myra Lester  a ballerina who was the love.
The story then unrolls.
Followed. 
Roy and Myra meet and strike up an immediate rapport with one and other.
Myra invites Roy to attend that evening s ballet performance.
Roy  already enamored  cancels his dinner appointment with a fellow officer to attend the ballet.
Roy sends a note to Myra to join him for dinner.
The note is intercepted.
Who forbids Myra.
The progression meets interference from Madame Olga  a fierce overseer with dictatorial power over the professional and personal lives of the dancers.
Madame Olga ultimately learns and dismisses her from the ballet troupe.
Myra and another dancer  Kitty  is also asked to leave.
Who has sided.
Both young women then join together  sharing a small apartment.
Unable to find legitimate employment  they face a dire financial situation.
Belatedly  Myra   learns.
Who believed that Kitty was working.
Her friend has been working to earn a living.
Roy is deployed.
His family will look and safeguard her welfare while he is away.
Subsequently  Myra and Roy s mother  Lady Margaret Cronin arrange to meet.
A pivotal point  this encounter between Myra  the finance  and Lady Cronin  her prospective mother-in-law  sets in motion the pivotal events.
Will shape the intertwined fates that await Myra and Roy.
Waiting  Myra scans a newspaper and is shocked to see her fiance Roy listed among the casualty list of war dead.
Dazed  almost immobilized  recovering from a faint  and too much wine  the meeting with Roy s mother is an awkward session of miscommunication  of things not said.
Things misapprehended.
Myra is reticent and apprehensive in the presence of the Duchess  the aristocratic  yet kindly Lady Cronin.
She does not reveal her knowledge.
Lady Cronin gracefully retreats baffled.
Too proud  the heartbroken Myra  feeling hopeless  subsequently  too takes up prostitution.
To reach out.
Lost  found  and then lost forever.
What next transpires is the tragic denouement.
Frequenting her usual haunt and arriving soldiers  Myra  as if confronted by a phantom  sees Roy  the man.
She long thought dead.
A reconciliation occurs   for Myra bittersweet.
The life has marked her.
She now leads.
She feels is  unworthy of Roy s love.
She takes her own life.
Where her love affair began and ultimately comes.
<EOS>
The VH1 News special is the story.
Who have managed to defy politics  culture and fundamentalism.
Translated  Junoon means passion - and.
S what this 10 - year-old rock group has brought.
The group has been banned  yet has still sold millions of records.
Two years ago  it won Channel V award  beating out the likes of Backstreet Boys and The Prodigy.
<EOS>
It concerns Antoine.
Who must leave Lyon to help his mother who runs the family grocery store.
His father  stricken  can no longer drive the truck.
Supplies the isolated hamlets.
Antoine discovers the charm  bons vivants ways and gradually comes to love his eccentric customers and finds the country of his childhood.
He also discovers the joy and perhaps the joy of love with Claire.
The film uses the beautiful landscape.
<EOS>
The ghost has been roaming his castle for centuries.
He must find a brave descendant to obtain rest.
<EOS>
St.
Jude Square is a neighborhood living.
The dueling gangs terrorize the streets.
The citizens live until mysterious stranger Ryan Hong and Brandon Beard from Perth WA Van Damme s  and by calling on the teachings of his brilliant mentor Tiano to find the strength to battle back.
He begins to play one gang.
However   Hong has been confronted.
As he begins to bring the community.
V is impressed by Hong s skill  but soon sees.
As a threat are locked in a head to head battle  pitting the fear and corruption of Mr V s regime versus the new beginning Hong represents for the people of St.
Jude Square.
<EOS>
Dave  Mike  Cyril and Moocher are four working-class friends  living.
Now turning 19 years  they all graduated from high school the year before and are not sure.
What to do next.
They spend much together swimming in an old abandoned water-filled quarry  but also often clash with the more affluent Indiana University students in their hometown   a derogatory term for locals stemming from the local Indiana Limestone industry and the stonecutters.
Who habitually refer as cutters.
Who worked the quarries.
Dave is obsessed.
He recently won a Masi bicycle.
His down-to-earth father  Ray  a former stonecutter  is puzzled and exasperated.
Who now operates his own used car business.
Dave associates.
However  his mother Evelyn is more understanding.
Dave develops a crush.
Order to romance her.
One evening he serenades Katerina  with Cyril providing guitar accompaniment.
He and some beat up Cyril  mistaking him for Dave.
When her boyfriend Rod finds out.
Mike insists.
Cyril wants no trouble.
The University president reprimands.
The students invites the latter to participate in the annual Indiana University Little 500 race.
Dave is thrilled to be competing.
When a professional Italian cycling team comes.
However  the Italians become irked.
When Dave is able to keep up and even speak to them in Italian during the race.
One jams a tire pump in Dave s wheel  causing him to crash.
Leaves him disillusioned and depressed.
This is a major turning point.
Earlier he was upset.
He now realizes everyone cheats.
Dave s friends persuade him to join them.
Dave s parents provide.
Dave s father remarks.
When he was a young stonecutter  he was proud to help provide the material to construct the university  yet never felt comfortable being.
Dave is so much better  he rides without a break and builds up a large lead.
The other teams have to switch cyclists every few laps.
However  he is injured and has to stop.
Moocher  Cyril and Mike take.
Turns pedaling  but soon their lead evaporates.
Finally  Dave has his feet taped and starts making up lost ground  he overtakes Rod on the last lap and wins.
Dave s father is immensely proud.
He takes.
Having finally decided  Dave later enrolls at the university himself.
Where he meets a pretty  newly arrived French student.
Soon  he is extolling the superiority.
The film ends.
<EOS>
It consists.
They were previously the main characters  performing a similar narrative role.
Sandy Pig must protect her two naive brothers from a big bad wolf and his various attempts on their lives and homes.
King Midas spares the life.
Queen Midas wanted money and is granted the Golden Touch.
When King Midas wants world peace.
The Satyr tells Queen Midas.
When Queen Midas accidentally turns King Midas.
The effects can be undone if Queen Midas renounces her interest in gold.
The repeated overreactions cause villagers to doubt his word.
When the threat is near.
Nobody answers the shepherd s actual cries  the sheep enlist their larger cousin Norman.
Who ends up crushing the wolf.
The mayor gives Gonzo a medal.
When an actual wolf was present.
Miss Piggy plays a miller s daughter.
Who is brought where she must spin straw into gold as claimed by her attention-wanting father.
She ll be locked up.
She ends up receiving the assistance.
She is forced to give up her firstborn in return for the desperately needed services of Rumpelstiltskin.
The Emperor is fooled into believing.
His vestments are made.
A young boy notices.
When Fozzie goes out to show his new clothes.
The Emperor is wearing nothing.
The citizenry think.
Since the Emperor is nt wearing clothing and that public nudity must be the latest fad.
The Emperor tells his people.
They should stop doing things just because he does them  and that they should start thinking.
A shoemaker and his nephew face ruin.
The Shoemaker s livelihood is saved.
Unfortunately  they can only make blue swede shoes.
NOTE   Rizzo walks onstage to speak to Kermit and Robin about a gift to give the Elvises.
He could not puppeteer at the same time.
Steve Whitmire was already performing Kermit.
Rizzo s voice is recognizably that.
<EOS>
The story starts a ladyand Virag Rao buying a new house in the suburbs of Mumbai.
Jhilmil  a gynacologist  works late just -- they re hardly there for their little son.
The problem comes.
When he starts making imaginary friends.
At least that s.
What Jhilmil and Virag think.
But their son starts getting obessed.
Jhilmil becomes worried and tries finding out.
This is happening.
It is revealed.
His imaginary friends are ghosts who have been telling their son to move out.
Will Jhilmil and Virag realise this.
It s too late.
<EOS>
In the Cihuatlan Valley of Jalisco  Mexico  young men dream of escaping the drudgery of the banana plantations.
Two  a pair of half-brothers  play in local soccer matches.
Tato is the star striker.
Beto is the eccentric goalkeeper.
They are spotted by a talent scout.
He offers one the opportunity to go to Mexico City with him and try out for one of the country s big teams.
He says.
The scout s roster is already full.
They decide to settle it.
Tato scores the penalty therefore earning the right to head to the capital.
Tato finally makes it big and earns the nickname ` Cursi.
His brother soon follows and joins a rival team.
Where he is given the nickname ` Rudo.
Cursi becomes a national hero and starts dating Maya Vega  a famous model.
His brother struggles and misses his family back home.
Things start to go worse.
Tato loses both his woman and his goal scoring touch.
His brother gets lured.
It becomes clear.
The drug cartels own everything.
Their sister back home marries the local drug lord  Don Casimiro.
Whose far-reaching tentacles eventually affect the whole family.
Everything finally depends.
The two brothers come face to face.
Cursi is threatened to Division 2  Rudo must throw the match.
He fails.
Order to pay off his gambling debts.
He will be killed.
Rudo saves a penalty from Tato.
The match finishes goalless.
Cursi quits football and returns home.
Rudo is shot  losing a leg and ending his career.
They both end up back with their family.
Where the simpler lifestyle seems to better suit them.
<EOS>
Jux Jonas is a man.
Whose faith hangs by a thread.
His daughter was hit and killed.
He s spent the last few years tearing  not wanting to face the pain and return to his faith.
Reluctantly  he journeys aboard a plane to Mexico  to hand out Bibles as a form of ministry.
However  their small aircraft soon crashes.
The trio find themselves  a town.
Where the citizens are pale  eerie.
Visitors are seen.
It s not long.
Jux and his pals start to discover something is very weird.
No communication seems to exist.
Local rancher Matthew offers them the use.
The town Matthew.
What he stands.
It s soon revealed  Joshua is in fact an agent.
The town elder.
Who has controlled the children for centuries  to bring about an unholy war.
Matthew has been sent to observe  protect  and lead broken believers back to their faith in Jesus Christ.
Even Matthew can not interfere alone.
The forces prepare for a spiritual Armageddon  using the town s children as terrifying hosts.
Jux  Conrad and Oren must choose.
Side they will stand  for all eternity.
<EOS>
The film takes place.
Where genetically altered humans live side  and where Central Park has been mysteriously encased in an intrusion zone where people who attempt to enter are instantly killed.
A strange pyramid has appeared  inside  the gods of ancient Egypt have judged Horus  one of their fellow gods  to cease his immortality.
Jill  a young woman with blue hair is arrested.
Not completely human  her tissues appear to be no more than a few months old.
Her physical form is already that.
She also possesses a number  including one.
Enables her to procreate.
She knows nothing.
Horus is given a limited time to interact.
A rebel condemned to 30 years of hibernation.
Who escapes his prison  due  one year early.
Horus has been unsuccessful  due to an incompatibility with the genetic alterations humans have undergone  the host bodies self-destruct while attempting to accommodate a god.
Nikopol s body is acceptable and not undergone the genetic changes causing the rejections.
It has been frozen.
Horus takes partial control and starts looking for a woman.
He can mate to provide him a son before his death sentence is carried out.
They become entangled.
When Horus/Nikopol discovers Jill.
The final scene is the only one.
Which we hear actress Linda Hardy s voice as she recites the third stanza of Charles Baudelaire s poem Le Poison  which her character  Jill  has just been reading from the book she holds entitled Les fleurs du mal.
Tout cela ne vaut pas.
Le poison qui decoule de tes yeux  de tes yeux verts  lacs ou mon ame tremble et se voit a lenvers.
Mes songes viennent pour se desalterer a ces gouffres amers.
-LSB- English translation  All the poison.
Is not worth.
Flows  from your green eyes  lakes where my soul trembles and sees itself upside down.
My dreams crowd in to slake their thirst.
-RSB- Nikopol   provides the final lines by completing Jill s recitation in English.
Who recites Baudelaire s turbulent poetry.
But all  remorselessly  rolling it  fainting.
Is not worth the prodigy  Jill  that bites my soul  and dizzies it  and swirls it down.
<EOS>
Raja is a notorious criminal mainly robbing well to do people.
Amar is a macho police officer tracking him and willing to do anything to catch him.
Roles are reversed.
When Amar looses his memory and ends up.
Where Raja is posing a police officer.
They both team up to help the villagers.
<EOS>
Donny runs a junk shop.
Teach   spends many hours each day.
Who has no visible means.
Does Bobby  a young man who is eager to please Donny.
Teach comes up.
Whose safe is said to contain rare coins.
Bobby is often sent.
Teach s nerves are already.
When Bobby suddenly returns to say that a third man involved ca nt go through with it because he is in the hospital.
Donny distrusts  whereupon Teach angrily turns.
What he is hearing and is unable to locate the man.
<EOS>
A promising writer conceals his relationship.
Order to protect his career  even though this results going to prison for the killing.
<EOS>
Anil Kumar Sona sees a young woman named Roopa jumping.
Where he regularly performs.
Roopa s younger sister  Sunita  believes  so she comes to seek vengeance.
Her sister committed suicide with Rocky.
She and Anil fall.
He does nt know.
To tell her that he and Rocky are the same person.
Anil takes the help.
Who pretends to be Anil s uncle to help Anil impress Sunita and her father.
A police detective reveals.
Roopa did nt commit suicide but was actually pushed.
Is the killer Roopa s jealous fiancee Ramesh .
Who now has plans.
<EOS>
Pakal takes us.
Who are forced to commit suicide.
The story has a lot.
There are some political comments too -- at the failure of the government machinery and religious institutions.
Ought to come.
The film opens.
Who is a reporter  being sent to Pannakamkudi to do a regular series on the plight of the farmers of the area.
He alights.
Eventually force the peasants to commit mass suicides.
Nandakumar and his crew meet 87-year old Kochuthekkethil Kunjappan.
He is one and has been demonstrating before the village office since 14 years seeking justice from the authorities  branding him a millionaire.
Who cease his farmland.
And  they meet Thenginthottathil Joseph and his family members.
Who are.
Joseph s eldest daughter Merlin works.
Celine is a medical student who is currently pursuing her final year house surgeonship.
The family and the villagers pin all their hopes.
Who will be the first doctor.
Joseph finds it hard to settle the accounts.
Who had to borrow loans.
Slowly the media team becomes a part  and their serialized investigative reports on Kerala Today  start to cause many people in the government circles and the local heartless money lender Ummachan  lose their sleep.
The crew faces many hardships.
Many even manhandle the team.
The media management goes a step further and asks Nandakumar to stop reporting and to return to the city.
But he turns down the request and continues there.
But  the villagers  plights become more hapless.
Days pass.
Many more suicides follow.
Is. 
What follows.
Nandakumar   finds ways to rescue the villages from the chaos that they face.
<EOS>
Story revolves.
Who kills a bandit and adopts his orphan son.
The boy becomes a police officer and falls with the man s daughter.
The step-mother also falls.
The boy and problems arise.
<EOS>
Dogan  a car mechanic  is obsessed with flying.
He s been building a small biplane.
His wife Emine does not share his affinity and feels neglected in their marriage.
She gives him an ultimatum.
When Dogan s plane crashes.
He is left.
Will he still pursue his passion  or will he be content with a humble life with his wife  solely.
A car mechanic.
<EOS>
Martha and Jim Schmidt live.
Where most are Hittites  an austere religious community who according to one of the characters make the Amish look like swingers.
Jim was a Hittite  but left the community.
When he got married.
Jim tells a neighbor  Louisa Stohler.
Who is the mother that his wife  Martha is pregnant and that Louisa s services as a mid-wife will soon be needed by them.
Louisa and Faith are not part  either.
They do not like them due in part to the constant harassment of Faith by William   and all outsides  Incubus.
Who chases her and calls her.
That night  Jim searches after hearing strange noises from inside  but is murdered.
When a mysterious figure runs him over.
This is seen.
Friends Lana Marcus and Vicky Anderson visit Martha.
He accidentally left earlier.
When William Gluntz goes to search for his shoe.
When sneaking around  he is stabbed by an unseen figure.
The following day  William s father and Jim s father and the leader  Isaiah.
Schmidt come.
Martha tells the men.
They start to leave  Isaiah goes back and offers to buy back the farm from Martha but Martha refuses   she asks him.
Isaiah insults her and calls her the incubus.
He would like his answer immediately  and answers.
Martha is now being accused.
Lana enters the barn the next day to look in the for the tractor.
All the doors and windows suddenly close  trapping her inside.
She searches for a way out but encounters a figure dressed in black.
William s corpse swoops down  hanging from a rope.
When escaping out the now open barn door.
The police clean up the mess advises the three friends to move out of town.
Someone may be.
However  Martha decides to stay and buy a gun.
Where she is.
Multiple events follow.
She s taking a bath.
She manages to get out and kill the snake with a fireplace poker.
John Schmidt  Martha s brother-in-law is unwillingly engaged to Melissa his cousin.
However John feels attracted.
John is eventually expelled.
When he retaliates.
John meets Vicky.
She lets.
John drive her car  giving him a sense.
They stop and begin to engage in sex.
They are attacked.
Who stabs John multiple times and sets fire.
Lana has a nightmare.
Which a pair take hold of her head  forcing her to open her mouth as a spider falls in.
She finds blood.
When she wakes up.
Martha finds a scarecrow tied with a flower that was buried with Tom.
She finds.
When Martha hurries.
Him dug up.
Martha also discovers.
It was Louisa and Faith who committed the murders as they attack Melissa.
Martha is chased back.
Where she engages.
Faith s shirt is ripped open  revealing her to be a man.
Who has been with Martha.
Lana and Martha have to fight Louisa and Faith.
She is confronted with a shotgun.
When Martha shoots Faith.
Fortunately  she too is shot.
However  Faith has survived her gunshot and tries to kill Martha once more.
She is killed.
When Melissa stabs her.
Isaiah turns up and tells them.
The incubus is now dead.
Lana leaves Martha to go back to LA.
A ghost warns her about the incubus.
When Martha enters her home.
The film ends.
After the real incubus bursts and pulls Martha back with it.
<EOS>
Mina is a young woman.
Who has become reserved and aloof.
The film quietly portrays the unconventional  yet endearing relationship and her mother Mi-sook  as well as Mina s development.
She is befriended.
<EOS>
American Ninja Eric loses his job.
When his job is outsourced to cheaper.
Ninja Dog is sick and needs expensive medicine.
If dealing were nt stressful enough.
<EOS>
In the words of its star Leonard Nimoy  Kid Monk Baroni was the sort of film.
Made unknowns out.
The young Nimoy is actually quite good.
A boxer whose misshapen face has earned him the unwelcome nickname Monk.
Formerly an unregenerate street punk  Baroni is set by parish priest Father Callahan.
Unfortunately  a run-in forces Baroni to skip town.
He becomes a professional pugilist  taking out his pent-up frustrations in the ring.
Able to afford plastic surgery  Baroni buys himself a handsome new face -- and.
Hoping to protect his new face  Baroni washes out in the boxing ring.
Redemption -- and a lasting romance -- await just around the corner.
Kid Monk Baroni was.
Whose previous efforts included My Friend Flicka.
A flop did nothing for the career of Leonard Nimoy.
Who was obliged to spend the next 15 years before attaining a second chance at big-time stardom with TV s Star Trek.
<EOS>
A soldier  Joe Allen   meets Alice Mayberry in Pennsylvania Station.
When she trips over his duffel bag and breaks the heel.
Joe gets a shoe-repair shop owner to open his store.
It is.
The proprietor repairs her shoe.
Alice asks Joe.
Where he is going.
He says but has no definite destination while.
He is.
He asks to accompany her.
She points out landmarks  including Central Park and the Metropolitan Museum of Art.
She says.
When he asks her whether she is busy that evening.
She is.
However   she relents  promising to meet him.
When he persists  chasing the bus she is riding down the street.
Alice keeps her date  arriving late.
Her roommate chastises Alice.
The two have dinner.
Having missed the last bus home  they accept a ride.
He and his passengers visit a lunch room to call.
When the milk man s truck has a flat tire.
A drunk strikes the milk man  blackening his eye.
Alice and Joe spend the night delivering milk.
The company s road repairman has changed the truck s tire.
Later  they enjoy the hospitality and his wife.
Who serves them an early-morning dinner.
They reunite.
They become separated  trying frantically to find one another.
Which they met at the Astor Hotel.
Having fallen  Joe asks Alice to marry him.
She consents.
However  they must run a maze.
Nearly prevents them.
They win over bureaucrats upon.
Whom their success or failure depends.
However  Alice finds the ceremony ugly.
It is.
After they repeat their vows that she feels truly married.
Joe s leave ends.
He returns.
<EOS>
Preteen Moochie Daniels just wants a dog.
His dad  Daniel  is allergic  like Bundles  the shabby sheep dog of neighbor Charlie Mulvihill.
Who secretly trained his pet to help him steal jewels.
Mooch s big brother Wilbert ` Wilby  is smart  shy and a promising inventor  but hopelessly clumsy Trey.
When it comes  and is jealous of his slick mate.
Who has no problems.
Desperate Wilby resorts.
Magically turns him and back at uncontrollable times.
This is.
He also knows that the diamond is Charlie s next target  but who would believe his story.
<EOS>
Nissanka is engaged to marry Shiranee  a woman of the same social class.
Nissanka decides to go and asks Shiranee.
Who politely declines.
He thus goes alone and meets an old friend Chitra.
They rekindle their friendship.
Nissanka offers a ride home.
Chitra agrees.
They set off only to accidentally hit and kill a pedestrian.
The two now have a large secret.
They flee the scene.
Nissanka s family subsequently attempts to cover up the murder.
Chitra is faced but does nt give Nissanka up the police.
She urges him to turn himself.
Nissanka decides to turn himself in.
The film concludes.
<EOS>
Sergeant Frank Gannon has spent the last three years on the Direct Action Unit task force  fighting gang crime and corruption.
The DAU  led  is a special unit of the Metropolitan Police Department focusing on gang violence  drugs  and prostitution.
It s made up with at least 10 years on the force.
They have been untouchable.
Gannon does everything with integrity.
His father was the late Captain Michael J.
Gannon.
-- fighting -- evidence is coming to light.
The Direct Action Unit appears to have been the saving force over the past few years.
Some members were up to much more than keeping the city streets safe.
The Direct Action Unit task force has been on suspicions of stealing drugs and money  the jailing of innocent people  and possibly murder.
And the investigation is being overseen.
Gannon is to testify at a federal grand jury about the DAU.
Is making Gannon s bosses extremely nervous.
That morning  Gannon is suddenly partnered  and is asked to show her the ropes.
Ross is thrilled to start her two-week detective training period with the legendary Gannon.
This not good news  as Ross is hardly the experienced backup.
He needs as Captain Stone keeps sending men to kill him.
And Stone has been working.
Even LoPresti has been working.
Stone frames Gannon and Ross in the self-defense killings of three corrupt cops.
To prove their innocence  Gannon and Ross will have to take down Stone and everyone.
He s working.
<EOS>
A gang decide to swindle an elderly sweet shop owner living in a country village out of her money by producing her long-lost son.
Who is really one.
However  he begins to become entranced and falls in love with the Vicar s daughter.
He takes up his disguise.
He ends up refusing to help his former criminal associates and reveals his true identity.
Shafer p.
<EOS>
Brummell shares an intimate moment.
Advising him and  invites him to dinner along with his friends.
He is appointed by the newly dandified Prince.
All debts are dropped.
Word is spread.
He and the Prince become close friends drinking and gambling straining his finances and relations with others.
Brummel s relationship is strained.
His fame begins to spread.
He becomes enamoured against the warnings of the Prince further straining their relationship.
He ignores a summons to enjoy the favours of Miss Julia along with Byron.
His manservant Robinson is forced to intervene.
When the Prince and Byron go.
Brummell s loss leaves him outcast and indebted.
The bailiffs begin to turn violent.
He takes out a large loan and even steals from Robinson but quickly gambles it all away.
A disgraced and equally destitute Byron returns.
The two fall out.
Unable to pay back the loan he is expelled  abandoned by Robinson  and forced to flee to France.
<EOS>
The Stooges are furniture makers hired to duplicate a priceless antique Chinese cabinet for a $ 50000 bond from a local museum to a Mr Morgan.
The valuable cabinet is quickly smashed.
The inept Stooges set to work.
The trio barely escape.
The boys learn.
They have inherited a fancy dress boutique  the Madame de France.
They enter the fashion business  designing women s fashions.
Resemble the furniture they built.
They are hired to put by a woman.
Who turns out to be Morgan s wife  Mrs Morgan Morgan.
He recognizes the Stooges.
When Mr Morgan arrives.
Who destroyed his cabinet  and pummels Curly vigorously.
Moe throws  more cream puffs are hurled.
A pastry but misses his target and hits one.
Soon the entire room is engaged.
The fight ends.
When three women knock the Stooges unconscious.
<EOS>
Nat Hearn returns to his prewar job as a reporter on the Tormouth Clarion.
He is now working.
Who had taken his job when he enlisted.
Later  Nat becomes the owner.
His employees strike  disagreeing.
The town supports Nat.
<EOS>
This movie was the come back film.
Gave him a break and made him prevail in the film industry.
The movie begins.
Baba is murdered amidst tight security in Mangalore.
Where he was supposed to give evidence.
The evil syndicate headed.
Felt that their existence will be questioned if Baba were to reveal the truths.
The communal violence following Baba s murder are triggered and intensified by Hyderali himself  to throw the region in a state of chaos.
He has other sinister motives also.
Which he hopes to pump illicit money  drugs and weapons.
Bharatchandran makes a late entry.
The Chief Minister entrusts the investigation of the Baba murder with Bharatchandran.
He and his team Anwar and Dy.
SP Pookkoya report.
Bharatchandran works his way  starting with Shweta Nachappa  a Karnataka police officer.
Who was on the day of the murder and who seemed to know about the murder beforehand.
Hyderali silences Shweta finds out.
Bharatchandran is trailing her.
This does nt seem to deter him  he spits fire.
He courses his way.
Mentions are made during the nine years.
Is supposed to have elapsed since he terminated Mohan Thomas.
Incidentally  this is the actual.
He is told to have been for the major part of that time and even served a term in jail for his actions.
His love interest  the lawyer Indu eventually became his wife and got him acquitted.
She was shot dead on the day of Bharatchandran s acquittal.
Bharatchandran has a daughter aged ten.
Who amusingly has her mother s name.
Ironically  the Chief Minister himself is shown to be part.
IG Habib Basheer   gets killed.
Who is.
The enraged-beyond-limits Bharatchandran confronts Hyderali.
The final scene is worlds different.
Shows Bharatchandran shooting numerous henchmen and torching an entire warehouse to kill Mohan Thomas.
There is no unnecessary bloodshed here.
When he tries to shoot him instead.
He soon places a bullet  before the very eyes of the scared-beyond-wits Chief Minister.
Who is witness.
<EOS>
The Dead End Kids ride a freight train.
Members Tom and Pig are hired to work.
The kids get arrested.
Tom learns.
Posito has nt seen her son  but believes that he may still be alive.
Tom decides to pose as her son.
However  Posito s benevolency soon gets the best.
He decides to stay for love  rather than for greed.
<EOS>
Phineas T.
Prune is an old miser.
Who holds the deed.
It seems.
Santa Claus is.
Prune plans to have Santa  Mrs Claus and the elves evicted and keep the Christmas toys.
Santa asks Sam Whipple.
Can Whipple and the children help Santa and prevent Christmas from being cancelled.
<EOS>
Fate brings three adventurers together  a space ship owner  a young prospector and a shady entrepreneur.
Who are heading.
There they find a mine.
He is followed.
The prospector had returned to get water.
The two join the three adventures.
Frictions occur  the prospector and the woman get romantically involved  a monster attacks.
The gold rush gives the entrepreneur a bad temper.
Bandits visit the place.
The movie ends.
The space ship owner  the prospector and the woman are going.
The story is loosely based.
<EOS>
Everyone   thinks.
When several people die unexpectedly.
It is a technical problem.
But  it is clear.
When repairmen repeatedly can not find any problems.
Something else is.
A tabloid investigative journalist and an elevator mechanic seek to get.
What s causing the deaths.
The government investigates them.
The duo eventually discover.
The elevators indeed have a life.
<EOS>
` MADRID  SPAIN 1956  The camera slowly pans and reveals a Spanish house  and goes inside to the sound of a flamenco guitar.
El Magnifico  comes dancing out and then brings back a small wedge of cheese.
The camera reveals that Lightning is playing the guitar or as his mousehole says.
Meanwhile  the Spanish owner comes in the room  sees Jerry  and taps her foot impatiently at Lightning.
Lightning complements the senorita about her good looks today.
He finally agrees to chase Jerry.
He dives.
Jerry strategically raises the carpet and himself and runs into a table.
The cat goes.
Lightning is unfazed and returns the other way.
The mouse ties his tail and is drawn back into it  and then smashed by the top of the table.
Lightning s legs  tail  and head pop out akin.
Now  the cat dives.
He lifts himself out  leaving the cat to pitch and jump directly into his guitar.
Where he left it.
Jerry  having defeated Lightning  dances back.
The poor cat  head poking  proclaims.
It is no use.
Joan responds.
Is because he is lazy.
She has ever seen.
Therefore  she commands him to read a telegram.
Says Arriving today.
S.
A.
Guarantee to catch mouse  Tom  Olympic  U.
S.
And World Champion Mouse Catcher.
Tom Cat arrives beside him.
The cat  being  uses a guide book to help him speak Spanish.
He tells the senorita.
Are you  maam.
However  she waves this off  and then leaves  reaffirming Tom s guarantee to catch the mouse.
They bid goodbye.
The senorita then snubs Lightning to Tom.
Lightning   pulls back and lets go at Tom and made him angry.
Whose guitar is repaired.
He then said El Magnificoooooooooooooo.
Tom uses a stethoscope to detect Jerry  marks the spot  drills a hole in the spot  and then pulls the mouse out with a fireplace blower.
The cat stuffs Jerry  and holds the door open for the mouse.
He is thrown out.
Triumphant at all  Tom claps his hands.
However  Jerry pops.
Tom kicks him.
Jerry comes.
Falls. 
Jerry does a different dance this time  making sure to step repeatedly.
Tom begins to flamenco along.
Jerry is coming close.
However  the tables are turned.
When Jerry directs the dance.
Tom is now incensed.
The camera cuts shunting the door out of the way.
He stops next and begins to transform into a bull as bullfight music plays.
Lightning is instantly ramped up  and begins to play a guitar tune along.
El Magnifico comes out.
Tom makes a beeline and misses as Jerry eggs him on by saying Haha.
The camera cuts.
So Jerry opens Tom s eye and waves the red cape  causing it to spin and the cat to wake up.
Tom lunges.
He misses a third time and slides  taking the mouse along on top of him.
Jerry revives the bull.
Now  the cat is angry.
The fourth lunge leads.
Jerry holds it out.
There is nothing.
This gets the cat to continue the chase.
He turns to attempt to corner the mouse against the wall.
However  Jerry escapes this and makes circles  causing Tom to wrap himself up in a pretzel shape.
The camera now cuts.
Joan returns to find both Lightning and Tom playing guitar  and demands to know.
What is going on.
Lightning responds  Senorita  I told you  Nadie  absolutely no one  can catch El Magnifico.
Tom says and resume guitar playing.
It is true.
The owner sees Jerry.
Who pulls some fruits.
<EOS>
Joska  a Hungarian immigrant  is sharing an apartment with the Russian Vladislav.
They get into all kinds of troubles  wild adventures and comical situations.
What saves.
Them is their big hearts and loyalty in this unlikely friendship in a foreign country.
<EOS>
The film is a melodrama.
Who falls with a woman while traveling to Seoraksan.
The man becomes infatuated.
The woman   promises to leave her hair.
Who has a terminal illness.
She has died.
Later the man finds.
The woman has died.
Her hair has been sold.
He then has a romantic relationship.
Who turns out to be his mother.
<EOS>
A Police Inspector and a vicar play a round.
The Police Inspector has a Constable help him to cheat.
The vicar ultimately requests divine intervention.
<EOS>
The Seishun Academy Middle School tennis regulars are invited by Sakurafubuki Hikomaro to play a match with his own tennis team.
Aboard the cruise ship  Ryoga Echizen introduces himself.
Ryoma reveals.
Ryoga was adopted  when they lived in America  but mysteriously left home prior to Ryoma enrolling in Seigaku.
That evening   Takashi Kawamura  being a sushi chef  remarks.
The food did not taste as expensive as it looked.
Sadaharu Inui discovers.
The marble is fake when he tears off a piece of wallpaper.
It becomes clear.
Something is not right.
The next day  Sakurafubuki reveals.
They are actually part.
Sakurafubuki will rake from people.
They purposely lose their matches the next day.
Have betted.
But  should they choose not listen and win the matches  the team faces the grim possibility.
It turns out  so therefore  Seigaku can only trust themselves.
Everyone are either gamblers or Sakurafubuki s henchmen.
The team tries to form a plan.
Playing the matches as directed.
They are ultimately held hostage.
When Kikumaru Eiji is caught eavesdropping.
Only Tezuka  Fuji  and Echizen are allowed to leave to play their matches.
Tezuka and Fuji win their matches easily.
Ryoga decides to betray Sakurafubuki in order to play a match against his brother to see.
Who s the better player.
Meanwhile  the rest escape from the room.
Where the chef held them hostage  and then are forced to engage.
They are recaptured and bound by Sakurafubuki.
Who holds them.
Ryoma realizes.
His teammates  lives are going to be if he continues to play against his brother.
Fortunately  Ryoga decides.
He will not be Sakurafubuki s pawn any longer  and fires a tennis ball.
This allows the rest.
A terrible storm brews  forcing everyone.
Ryoma and Ryoga s match continues.
Seigaku keeps order and helps the passengers.
Momoshiro and Eiji end up falling overboard.
The Echizen brothers  however  keep playing their match.
As an enormous tidal wave descends.
They seem unfazed.
They play their match underwater.
Ryoma comes out as the victor.
When the ball drops  despite that the net is gone.
A large light has crashed.
Ryoga accepts his defeat and remarks.
Ryoma s tennis certainly has improved.
The two escape is reunited with his team.
Who have all escaped the ship unharmed.
Ryoga takes Ryoma s hat and gives him an orange and tells him to find his Grand Dream.
He rides his jet ski into the sunset.
Atobe Keigo then arrives Sakurafubuki being arrested.
Who also appeared.
He did not know Sakurafubuki and suspected that Seigaku was involved.
<EOS>
The film begins.
Where thirty-something-year-old Victor is a cook employed.
Dolly spends most sitting in a chair in the back of the kitchen  reminiscing of her late husband and prodding promiscuous waitress Delores  a lonely woman.
Who has worked  and also had a meaningless affair with Dolly s husband.
The old routine and rhythm is changed.
When Dolly hires a new waitress  Callie.
She is sweet  soft-spoken  and enchantingly beautiful.
A college drop out  she is an ethereal creature.
Catches the eye.
Callie s presence complicates the lives  an alcoholic friend of Delores and long-time customer of Dolly.
Victor   develops a growing crush on her  despite her already having a boyfriend of her own age.
Who is so shy he can hardly communicate.
Whom she lives.
Callie suggests.
Victor attend the fancy cooking school.
Victor subtly vies.
Her feelings are of a platonic nature.
Nonetheless  she finds companionship.
Meanwhile  Dolly depends on Victor greatly.
He still lives at home  doing all the household work and shopping.
Eventually Dolly s health begins to decline.
She dies.
Victor fails to tell anyone  in the fear.
It would change things.
Eventually  the news comes out.
Callie is prompted to quit her job.
Victor s issues  stemming from his weight and the revelation of his mother s death come to surface one night at the restaurant.
Say goodbye.
He asks.
Her to come and visit occasionally.
She agrees - she plans.
The film ends.
Who appeared.
<EOS>
Marcy Tizzard is assistant.
The bumbling senator s chief of staff  Nick  sends Marcy to Ireland to find McGlory s relatives or ancestors.
Marcy arrives.
It is preparing.
She attracts the attention  Dermot and Millie  as well as roguish bartender Sean.
The locals tolerate her genealogical search.
Sean tries to woo Marcy to his boorish manners.
They return home.
They have begun their romance.
Marcy leaves Sean  upset.
He did not disclose his marriage.
McGlory and Nick arrive.
Marcy s been unable to locate any McGlory relatives.
McGlory discovers Sean s wife s maiden name is Kennedy and brings her back  and wins by a small margin.
McGlory s father reveals privately to Marcy.
The family is Hungarian  not Irish.
The family name had been changed.
When they immigrated.
He never told his son their true lineage.
They settled with its large Irish population.
Sean follows Marcy.
They reconcile.
<EOS>
The film starts  the somber bigwig is performing the last rites of some one dear to him.
The appearance  first in the chaotic Koovagam festival and later atop a Veeranam pipe  swinging.
A scythe maniacally sets the tone.
Cut  In madurai   he s a god.
Where Kottai s mother is cutting down logs  and boasting.
Who deserves to see the outside world and derive its benefits.
And so Kottai journeys with Vellaiyan   makes lewd jokes and appears to have only one thing on his mind.
Who dances.
They end up  the local terror -- only  our heroes are unaware of the fact.
Who slices up people whenever he can.
It s a bit endearing is cut up trees.
When they go.
Is why he requires their aruvaal-making skills.
And so Kottai goes to work.
So you have Kottai feeding crying children milk  helping men and falling in love with the first fair-complexioned  slim beauty  Gayatri.
He comes across.
Naturally  Gayatri   is also a wonderfully kind-hearted girl   teaches music to students.
Who wears revealing saris.
Kottai s logic is.
She treats him like his own family -- you.
Meantime  there s yet another villain  Santhosh  Kailasam s son   right and centre.
Who goes playing musical instruments  mouthing punch lines and raping women left.
There s also a remarkably stupid and one-dimensionally portrayed minister and a helpless  frustrated cop Surya Prakash.
Who simply stands.
He wants to settle score.
His son raped and killed his sister.
Naturally  Santhosh goes  Surya Prakash goes on standing still  Kottai goes on making aruvaals  until Santhosh s catches sight of the ravishing Gayatri  touches her inappropriately.
All hell breaks loose.
Kottai bashes Santhosh unknowingly.
He is the son.
He starts revenge.
When Kailasam comes to know that Kottai beaten his son.
But Kottai gets killed.
Kottai returns.
<EOS>
Gabriel Higgs has failed to get to study medicine.
He s sixth  and must persuade the five people ahead of him to drop out.
Gabriel has a family tradition to live up.
Things do nt go.
<EOS>
The film is less concerned than behavior.
A friendship develops over their mutual love of gambling.
Charlie is a wisecracking joker and experienced gambler constantly looking.
Initially  Bill is nt as committed a gambler.
He s well.
The two men hang out more  Bill starts to become more addicted.
He goes to his bookie  Sparkie.
Eventually  Bill hocks some.
Where Bill and Charlie pool their money.
Bill wins $ 18000  but does nt quit  he is convinced.
He is.
He plays blackjack  then roulette and finally craps  winning more and more money  eventually cashing out $.
But something happens.
He is drained  almost apathetic.
When he finally stops.
He tells Charlie.
They split their winnings.
He s quitting and going home.
Charlie does nt understand it  but sees.
His friend means what he says.
They go their separate ways.
<EOS>
The film opens.
He begins to cry  but composes himself.
When his younger brother  Peter approaches the table.
Peter is an idealistic college student.
Caleb is begrudgingly giving him a ride home.
Peter has found a new girlfriend  Emma Gainsborough.
Caleb immediately grills him  beginning to show a misogynistic attitude.
Emma and Peter met each other   Caleb immediately perceives her.
Emma was.
Peter says she s a good girl and nothing happened.
Who was cheating.
Caleb reveals.
He has nt slept.
They arrive   Caleb is immediately antagonistic to her.
She comes off.
Caleb drops them off.
He and Donald do not get along.
This will be the last time.
He will see them this weekend.
Donald comes off  consistently praising Emma.
Caleb meanwhile  has been trying to sleep  but keeps seeing images.
Who behaves and looks strikingly similar.
Hannah has continuously called Caleb.
Tortures him  and to get her  drops off pictures of himself having sex with a prostitute named Samantha at her doorstep  ringing the bell and fleeing.
Caleb  a construction worker  arrives.
Who looks up.
Later  Emma and Peter go.
Bowling and Caleb  who is there  secretly watches them.
Caleb bumps into Emma.
They have an awkward conversation.
She asks him  revealing.
She secretly smokes.
Caleb obliges  Emma asking him to promise not to tell Peter.
Caleb asking her not to reveal.
He was there.
Later Caleb is and runs into Emma.
He ends up viciously physically and verbally attacking her  calling her a whore  believing.
She s slept at school  and threatens her not to hurt Peter  who is a good kid.
Moments later  he breaks down ashamed of his actions and goes back to her  begging her forgiveness.
Not to tell anyone.
What happened.
Confused and outraged  Emma punches him  bloodying his nose and dropping him  before asking him.
He would call her a whore.
Caleb sits.
That night  Emma sneaks out  and meets Caleb trying to sneak around the yard with a camera.
Emma wants an explanation.
What happened earlier.
Caleb goes.
What he heard at school.
Who cheated.
Has further muddled his actions and behavior.
Caleb eventually leaves  feeling better.
The next morning  Donald and Emma go jogging together.
Emma asks.
Donald reveals.
She died when Caleb and Peter were young  leaving them to be raised.
Donald also says.
His wife cheated prior to being diagnosed with cancer and that no one came to visit her in the hospital the last four months of her life.
Caleb reveals.
He managed to fall asleep the night before.
Later  Donald  Peter and Emma are.
When Donald almost accidentally shoots Caleb  as he was sneaking around him  mistaking him for a raccoon.
Donald talks and then switches course  demanding he leave at once.
If he is a long lost relative.
Caleb  Peter and Emma are together.
Caleb and Emma get a few moments alone.
Caleb assures her.
He does nt have feelings.
Emma is just confused.
Caleb ends up forcibly kissing her.
Emma says nothing to Peter.
Caleb drops them off.
He does however  get a few minutes  warning him to watch Emma carefully.
She claims she s been eyeing him.
Peter says and wants to give her his virginity.
He s.
Caleb laughs and scoffs  but nevertheless praises his brother.
Caleb apologizes and says.
She was a whore.
He wants to look.
Peter reveals.
Peter and Emma prepare to have intercourse.
What Donald told her is true  was the only one to actually see his mother before she died.
Caleb and Donald have nt spoken since.
Caleb goes to see Samantha  and asks her.
It s normal to be with a perceived image of someone  even if that s not who they really are.
Caleb asks Samantha.
She was abused.
Samantha is offended.
Caleb loses his temper  then comes back and gives her a better tip.
Caleb waits.
Emma goes outside.
Caleb tries apologizing and says.
He ll try not to bother her anymore.
Emma reveals.
She has accidentally locked herself out.
Caleb manages to get them through a window.
Emma falls.
They seem.
They might be about.
But she rebukes him and asks him never to see her again.
Caleb returns.
Emma returns.
They embraced to masturbate.
Caleb throws his hammer and leaves  not caring.
He gets fired.
JT asks Caleb.
He s had sex.
He says no  but he wants.
He spots some men sexually harassing a woman and ends up fighting them  marking a change and a new outlook on women.
JT rescues Caleb.
Caleb knows.
He s running out to say or do anything to Emma.
However  he confesses to JT.
He feels torn out.
Peter tries to have sex but ejaculates prematurely.
Caleb drives over to see Emma.
This time  she does nt rebuke him.
When he kisses her.
Eventually  they end up having passionate sex.
Emma asks  He reveals.
Caleb was the only one to see his mother before she died.
He was just as hurt as anyone  and shut her out of his life.
However  he eventually discovered.
Donald had actually been the one cheating until she finally had enough and left  never thinking that he would refuse to let her see her sons.
Caleb never told Peter.
He was only.
Caleb remarks  Emma looks.
It seemed like it was Emma s first sexual experience.
Caleb gets up to leave  reminding her.
Peter is.
He runs into his father.
Who deduces what happened and says he ll tell Peter.
Caleb asks.
He would hurt him.
Donald says.
He s my son.
Caleb says   he s only lived two miles away from his house  yet Donald never attempted to re-enter his life.
He wo nt.
Caleb is also his son as well  and calls him a coward.
They both hide quickly.
Peter goes.
Caleb says  otherwise he ll tell him Donald s secrets.
He wo nt tell Peter what he did.
He ll lose both his sons.
Peter and Emma sleep together  and he  loses his virginity to her.
The next morning  Donald drives them.
Donald confesses.
They do it anyway.
The right thing is painful.
Peter tells Emma.
He loves her.
It causes Emma to cry.
The two invites him in  their relationship beginning to mend at last.
<EOS>
A regular mystery tale  the story begins.
The Chief Minister involves and appoints the IPS officer Devdas to investigate.
Initially  Devdas is accompanied.
That person walks out giving some excuses.
Then Devdas is joined.
The duo gets brisk.
Devdas is one man.
Who is known to get until justice is got.
Forms the rest.
Whether he is successful in his mission or not.
<EOS>
Huseyin  a clarinetist  tries to reach his fiance   to give her a ring to win back her heart.
Who works.
<EOS>
Ben Manibag and his friend Virgil Hu are lying  but soon discover a human hand in the garden.
Ben and Virgil are the quintessential Asian Americans  seen.
Whose only goal is to gain acceptance.
Ben learns a new SAT vocabulary word every night through rote memorization and recitation.
These words act.
Ben reveals.
He uses his perfectionism in order to act out in other ways  such as toilet papering houses with Virgil and other petty crimes.
Part include the purchase and return of computer equipment with Virgil  and Virgil s cousin Han Seoul-Oh to earn easy money.
Ben is involved.
Of which are being used to pad his college application.
He makes the basketball team.
He soon discovers that he is merely a bench player.
Ben develops a crush on his new lab partner  Stephanie Vandergosh  a girl of Asian descent.
Who was adopted.
Ben becomes part of schoolwide cheat-sheet operation.
Ben pays Jesus  another student  to break and steal the tests  then proceeds to sell off the cheat sheets to students.
Ben also brings into the operaton.
The four make a small fortune.
Meanwhile  Ben has fallen with Stephanie.
He discovers.
Her boyfriend  Steve Choe  who is rich and arrogant  does not seem to appreciate her.
Steve discovers Ben s crush and offers to let him take her.
Ben soon discovers his life becoming more and more out.
The practices at Daric s house devolve into drinking parties.
Later  the group  now intoxicated  arrive.
Where they are accosted.
A fight results pulling out a gun  stopping the fight.
The next day  news of the fight spreads around school and the four s notoriety increases.
Theories run rampant.
They gradually expand.
They become users themselves.
Ben begins to develop a heavy cocaine habit.
They also throw wild parties.
Results. 
Ben accompanies Steve.
Steve expresses.
He knows he should be happy.
He is not.
He feels stifled that others have of him.
Ben wakes up with a nosebleed as a result of his cocaine use.
This is enough to scare him.
He meets the remainder and tells them.
He wants to quit.
Daric agrees  expressing.
Their operation has become a full-time job.
Daric presents a gun to Ben  wishing him a happy birthday.
Virgil continues the operation  but  without the influence of Daric or Ben  is soon discovered thanks to his own carelessness and bragging.
Han is forced to take the blame and is suspended  but.
Before he proceeds to beat up Virgil.
Ben begins to rebuild his life  studying hard again and engaging once more.
He also begins to spend more time.
Who reveals a wild side.
When she gives him a CD -LSB- Music You Hump To -RSB- that she shoplifted.
Ben gathers up the courage to ask Stephanie.
Which she agrees.
The four leave.
Daric hires.
A prostitute and the group proceeds to have sex  with Ben being the first.
Virgil pulls a gun on the prostitute.
She storms off.
Han berates him.
Virgil pulls the gun  resulting in Han angrily storming off.
The team wins the competition.
Ben and Stephanie attend the winter formal together and continue to get to know each other.
The two share a dance.
The situation is made clear.
When Steve is seen.
Steve meets Ben and tells him.
He has information.
He gathers up the group once more and meets Steve.
Ben is reluctant to re-enter his previous activities.
The group is stunned.
When they are informed that Steve wants them to rob his parents  house.
He refers as a wake-up call.
Ben and Han are.
Daric convinces them to participate  saying.
This would be the perfect opportunity to give Steve his wake-up call.
They agree Steve s plan and practice constantly.
They also agree to purchase Steve a gun.
The four meet Steve at Jesus  house.
Han  Daric and Virgil begin attacking Steve.
The lights go out.
Virgil s gun slips away.
Steve lunges in it going off.
Ben hears the shot and rushes.
Ben beats Steve nearly  stopping only.
When Han yells.
The four are stunned.
What they just did and get Jesus to agree to allow them to bury the body.
Steve begins to twitch.
Daric soaks a rag and  with a tearful Virgil holding him  suffocates Steve with it.
Afterwards  the four go.
Where they each split up.
Ben and Stephanie kiss.
Which Stephanie tells an apologetic Ben that it is okay.
The cell phone ring tone came.
Shows that the missed call was.
Ben debates.
Not to report Steve s murder.
The knowledge is too much for Virgil.
Who attempts to commit suicide.
He survived.
The gunshot wound  but will most likely suffer brain damage.
Daric arrives shortly  makes a flippant remark.
Angers Han and Ben escorts him out.
Daric expresses concern.
Ben simply resolves to do nothing and leaves Daric alone.
Ben is alone.
The group now permanently separated.
He goes but is unable to attempt a shot.
Stephanie pulls over in her new car and picks him up.
She asks him.
Whether he has seen Steve lately  and expresses some concern that he has not called.
They kiss  implying she.
Ben will continue their relationship.
Ben s voice over tells.
They drive off.
The audience that he has no idea what is going to happen or what the other guys will do but all he knows is that there is no turning back.
<EOS>
Svein is a small boy.
His friend Dan has also one  James Bond.
Regret many people consider rats to be a pest.
Svein s parents decide.
Halvorsen has knawed.
Svein can not keep it.
They bring it.
Dan tries to buy him back.
The shopkeeper tells him.
Pets are not sold.
Dan gets Halvorsen.
He can stay now.
There is an upcoming pet competition.
Svein assumes.
Rats can not participate  and is afraid to ask.
His friend Melissa inquires  it turns out  she registers Halvorsen.
Rats are accepted.
Svein trains him to do tricks.
Halvorsen fails.
Svein realizes.
Halvorsen does not like to do tricks  and promises him that he never has to do them again.
Svein is allowed to let the rat try again.
He declines.
However  Halvorsen wins the title pet with Svein.
Later Svein gives Melissa her own rat.
<EOS>
Khelein Hum Jee Jaan Sey is.
K. 
A. 
Masterda.
Who is a well-known revolutionary leader  who had an instinctual flair for Swaraj and Independence.
The film opens up.
When the army convoy steps up.
Them to evacuate the field.
The soldiers threaten them and then leave  grinning and planning to meet Masterda Surya Sen.
When the children oppose their unauthorized evacuation.
Surya Sen is a village school teacher and an activist and has links with many other famous revolutionaries.
Who adore him.
The revolutionaries were Ganesh Ghosh  Lokenath Bal  Ambika Chakraborty  Nirmal Sen and Ananta Singh.
Nirmal Sen meets Masterda and asks him for next action.
Masterda assures him soon.
Nirmal goes on to meet Pritilata Waddedar.
When she expresses her eagerness to join the Indian Republican Army along.
Together they meet Masterda.
Who asks them to prove their skills.
Dressed they both draw successful sketches of the Cantonment.
Meanwhile  those teenagers express their will to join Surya Sen to drive the British out.
Surya Sen enlists them and trains them  shooting and.
Masterda devises the plan to rock the British Empire.
The group included Ganesh Ghosh  Lokenath Baul  Nirmal Sen  Ambika Chakraborty  Naresh Roy  Sasanka Datta  Ardhendu Dastidar  Harigopal Baul  Tarakeswar Dastidar  Ananta Singh  Jiban Ghoshal  Anand Gupta  Pritilata Waddedar  Kalpana Datta and the group of teenagers.
The plan was put on 18 April.
The armoury of the police was captured by a group of revolutionaries led by Ganesh Ghosh.
Another group  led by Lokenath Baul took over the Auxiliary Force armoury.
Unfortunately the guns were found.
Bullets were not there.
So they had to burn the arms there only.
The revolutionaries also succeeded.
All the revolutionary groups gathered outside the police armoury.
Where Surya Sen took a military salute  hoisted the National Flag and proclaimed a Provisional Revolutionary Government.
The revolutionaries left Chittagong town and marched towards the Chittagong hill ranges  looking for a safe place  but the police by then with the support of British Army had them surrounded  but the British Army s first wave had been demolished by Masterda s Teenagers  this enraged the British.
They bought machine guns and fired casualties.
Harigopal Baul was first to be shot dead along.
The group had to flee leaving Ambika Chakraborty wounded  the Britishers found the dead bodies and burnt them.
Meanwhile  Masterda had split the group and asked them to separate.
He was shot dead.
He asked Masterda to get out and henceforth sacrificing his own life fighting.
Nirmal got wounded.
Later eight young rebels led attacked the European Club.
The rebels fled.
Pritilata committed suicide.
Masterda escaped and retired with Pritilata and other young rebels.
Meanwhile the Police SP press hard crackdown on escaping rebel members and search for Masterda like anything.
Other members got arrested or killed.
Masterda escaped.
Some members shot themselves to evade brutal torture by police.
Haripada a young rebel decides to take revenge.
He assassinates the SP who had an upper hand  during an army football match.
Finally  one night Masterda was encircled and was captured.
He was trialled and was sentenced to death by hanging.
Surya Sen was brutally tortured by British executioners.
Who break all his teeth  limbs and joints.
He was dragged and was hanged  thus ending the glorious life of a revolutionary.
Who became one.
<EOS>
Ramesan Nair is a Kerala government secretariat employee  cocooned.
An honest and sincere man  Ramesan s family consists.
Who is a plus-two student.
His biggest ambition is to see.
His son gets he himself had failed to achieve despite being a brilliant student.
Manu is a very loving son and an intelligent student.
Who shares a strong emotional bond.
All  they form the very picture of loving family  with a bright future.
However  fate has other ideas.
Ramesan starts to develop problems.
Quickly grows.
What starts.
The first time we notice.
This is when Ramesan misplaces a very important office file  inside the refrigerator.
One day he arrives after buying a bag of vegetables and starts behaving.
If he had reached home.
He begins acting strangely.
If he has lost his sense.
He is taken by his family and close friend  Joseph.
Ramesan is diagnosed with Familial Alzheimer s disease  a disease.
Causes a gradual loss.
The news comes and turns their world upside down.
The family is devastated  but tries to adjust to the situation with a lot of determination underscored by strong emotional bonds.
Insecurity and uncertainty caused  forms the gist of the movie.
They cope up.
<EOS>
Hud Masters is released to hunt down a viral like alien race.
He is taken.
Where he is partnered to undergo such a misson.
Together they fight their way though a horde.
They reach the leader.
Meanwhile  Masters is desperately trying to keep himself.
<EOS>
Seok-joong  a farmer  is desperate to find a wife and settle down.
He falls head over heels in love with local tabang delivery girl Eun-ha  and starts showering her with gifts.
She is eventually won over.
Eun-ha is initially unimpressed.
The two get married.
The couple s marital bliss is short  and is then tracked down.
Lived  however  as Eun-ha tests positive.
Who takes her away and forces her back.
<EOS>
The film follows three friends  Nina  Michael and David.
They travel.
The trio are attacked.
There. 
Who murder and cannibalize anyone who ventures.
Review and Critic.
<EOS>
The Utopian Society is.
Who are put together.
They ve waited until the night.
It is due to start working.
They each come and have pre-existing assumptions about the others  causing them to want to spend as little time working with each other as possible.
But  they are forced to cram an entire semester s work.
They have waited to start working.
Whether they like it or not.
Official web page.
<EOS>
Dr Martin arrives.
Rutherford explains.
He owes his current incapacitation.
Rutherford reveals his unorthodox plan to determine Martin s suitability.
One is Dr B.
Starr  the former head.
Who underwent a complete mental breakdown.
Martin is to interview the inmates.
One is Dr Starr.
Rutherford will consider him.
His choice is correct.
The attendant Max Reynolds admits Martin.
Where he interviews each.
Bonnie recounts the plot.
Ruth is a possessive heiress.
Who studies voodoo.
This interest stands.
Bruno recounts.
Poverty forced him to accept the unusual request to produce an elaborate suit of clothing from a mysterious  scintillating  fabric that can animate anything  including the dead.
What the suit will be used.
He returns.
His wife Anna dresses their store mannequin.
Its true powers are revealed.
The ebullient Barbara informs Martin.
She has been before.
She was closely monitored at home by her brother George and a nurse  Miss Higgins.
This frustrated existence is relieved.
When her mischievous friend Lucy comes to visit.
Finally Martin interviews Dr Byron.
Who holds Rutherford.
Byron explains  and shows Martin several earlier models.
He is working with a small automaton whose head is a likeness of his own.
Byron plans to life  and explains the interior of the robot is organic  a miniaturised version of his own viscera.
Martin concludes his interview.
Max shows.
Him downstairs to deliver his judgement.
Byron successfully brings his mannequin  it makes its way to Rutherford s office and kills him with a surgical knife.
Then  Martin destroys the mannequin and seeks help.
Dr Starr s true identity is revealed  it is Max Reynolds.
Who has killed the real Max Reynolds two days before.
He then kills Martin.
<EOS>
Willard Stiles is a social misfit taking care in a musty old mansion.
Is also home.
Willard finds.
Himself constantly humiliated by his cruel boss  Frank Martin  a vicious man who assumed control of the company of Willard s father upon his death  and whose professional interest in Willard extends to a personal financial one.
A co-worker  Cathryn  has sympathy.
Fall Frights  WILLARD Cathryn becomes Willard s friend and love interest.
Willard quickly becomes obsessed names Socrates.
Willard then begins to train and befriend the other rats.
He calls Ben.
Ben begins to assume a position among the other rats.
Socrates remains Willard s favorite.
Willard s mother panics.
When she overhears the rats and later dies.
Willard learns soon afterward.
Payments have fallen far behind  and that the bank will likely foreclose upon the property.
Willard then says.
Socrates is all he has left.
Cathryn stops and gives Willard a cat named Sculley  he sets the cat inside and leaves.
The rats  led  attack and kill Sculley.
He notices Ben watching him evilly  Willard begins to distrust Ben thereafter.
When Willard arrives home.
Desperately lonely  Willard begins to bring Socrates to work.
Willard finds a note.
He s being fired from the company his father founded.
Socrates is discovered.
He s arguing  begging not to be fired.
Her screams alert Martin.
Who bludgeons Socrates.
Willard  his mental state already precarious  is devastated.
Willard turns.
Who is more than willing to guide the army to help Willard avenge himself upon his boss.
Willard and his basement rats confront.
Martin  and they swarm Martin and tear him apart.
Willard  however  mistrusts Ben and attempts to dispose.
He succeeds.
Ben remains  and turns the remaining rat army.
Willard barely escapes  and kills Ben.
But an epilogue reveals.
He has retreated and been placed in a mental institution.
There he finds a new white rat.
Looks. 
He believes.
Is the rebirth.
Willard beckons the rat over to him and says.
It s not  no.
<EOS>
Strong-armed  skilled wheelman Frank Martin enlists the aid of Inspector Tarconi in accomplishing the treacherous assignment in this action-packed installment of the popular action series produced by Luc Besson.
Frank is nt exactly thrilled.
He has little choice.
When his employer turns up the pressure.
To deliver.
His cargo is a feisty young girl named Valentina.
Who just happens to be the daughter.
Now   Vasilev s men besiege his car.
Frank makes his way on the road to the Black Sea.
His cynical young passenger gets a bad case.
They both realize.
The driver and his cargo grow increasingly close.
Making even a single mistake could cost them dearly.
<EOS>
A small group watch  then stand in front of the Cauldron of Resonance.
A Kikyo look-alike develops.
It comes.
Four scars  the mark  appear on all of the children s backs except for the youngest girl  Ai.
Asagi  the oldest  tells Ai to leave the island.
She still does not bear the mark and says her goodbye.
The Four War Gods find out and try to retrieve her.
Ai has escaped.
InuYasha and the others defeat Goura and save Ai.
Who later asks InuYasha to save the others.
Later   InuYasha explains the myth.
Ai rests.
Appears once every fifty years.
He remembers fifty years ago.
When Kikyo took him to meet the half-demon children.
Suddenly  the Four War Gods appeared.
Gora sucked some.
Ryuura marks InuYasha s back  saying.
He would never be free once he has the scar on him.
The gang decides to head to investigate.
The villagers panic.
Kikyo listens to a man s tale of Horai Island  then leaves  saying.
She will defeat the demons.
The rest rush to the shrine and start praying for divine protection.
When Kyoura appears.
Who proceeds to burn down the shrine and kill many.
Sesshomaru arrives and drives Kyoura off.
He remembers back to his first encounter with Kyoura.
When he was marked.
Juura appears and fires his Thunder Cannon at them  destroying their boat.
Miroku and Sango fly away.
InuYasha  Kagome and Ai escape.
Ryuura easily deflects InuYasha s Wind Scar with his Earth Dragon Gale  then calls upon his Dragon Lightning and nearly kills InuYasha.
Kagome stops him.
Ryuura is forced to retreat  but.
Before he hurls some insults.
Ai leads the group.
Where they find Asagi singing the Song.
Asagi begs him to reconsider  saying.
When InuYasha reveals his plan to confront the Four War Gods.
They ll all be killed.
The gang learns.
Asagi is going to sacrifice herself.
She argues.
Her death will allow the others to live a little longer.
They all follow Asagi.
Where InuYasha attempts to destroy the Cauldron.
Suddenly  he and Asagi are pulled.
It closes.
The rest of the gang and the children try to open the doors.
InuYasha feels his strength waning.
Then  Lady Kanade  the priestess  appears and lends her strength  telling him to destroy it as soon as possible  and.
Who fought the Four War Gods fifty years ago.
It must never be opened.
She asks InuYasha to save the children  then gives her blessing to Asagi.
She disappears.
InuYasha calls and destroys the door to the Cauldron  accidentally breaking Kagome s bow in the process.
Just then  a Kikyo look-alike appears and takes the power spheres.
He chases her.
Where she opens the box  releasing the spheres.
The Kikyo doppelganger attacks InuYasha.
Kagome  Shippo and the children attempt to make a raft to escape.
Sesshomaru appears and finds Kyoura waiting for him.
Sesshomaru easily defeats him.
Meanwhile  Miroku and Sango fly to confront Juura and the resurrected Goura.
Using his Wind Tunnel  Miroku redirects Goura s blasts.
That it hits Juura  before Sango finishes him off.
Meanwhile  InuYasha battles and is about to lose  then leaves her bow behind.
When the true Kikyo appears and defeats the impostor.
InuYasha finds Ryuura attacking Kagome and the children  and kills him.
Miroku spears Gora s head with his staff  greatly weakening it.
He kills the last War God.
However  the battle does not end here.
All the power spheres combine to create one final War God.
Who seems unstoppable.
Kagome knows only a combination.
InuYasha s Backlash Wave can destroy it  but she can not fight.
Her bow was broken.
However  the fireflies lead the children.
They bring it.
Finally  Kagome s arrow purified the War Gods s attack and   InuYasha unleashes his Backlash Wave plus the addition of his Adamant Barrage.
Killed them.
Watching. 
The gang and the children leave the island.
The island vanish.
Disappearing out  putting the myth of Horai Island to rest.
It is indicated.
The children spend some time before departing as a group of six to face the world by themselves.
<EOS>
Paris plumber Elmer Tuttle is enlisted.
Julius J.
Elmer hopes to find financing.
McCracken and he has made through Patricia.
Comic complications ensue.
When Elmer s effort to interest a military leader is misconstrued.
<EOS>
Clarice Starling is pulled at Quantico  Virginia  by Jack Crawford of the Bureau s Behavioral Science Unit.
He tasks her  believing.
Lecter s insight might be useful.
Starling travels.
Where she is led to Lecter s solitary quarters.
Lecter grows impatient at dissecting him and rebuffs her.
Initially pleasant and courteous.
One flicks semen at her.
She is leaving.
Lecter   calls Starling back and tells her to seek out an old patient.
Who considers the discourtesy unspeakably ugly.
This leads her.
Where she discovers a man s severed head.
She returns.
Who tells her that the man is linked.
He offers to profile Buffalo Bill.
He be transferred away.
Crawford authorizes Starling to offer Lecter a fake deal promising a prison transfer.
When Buffalo Bill kidnaps a Senator s daughter  Catherine Martin.
He provides information that helps find Buffalo Bill and rescue the abductee.
Instead  Lecter begins a game  offering comprehensive clues and insights about Buffalo Bill.
Starling will give him information  something she was advised not to do.
Chilton secretly records the conversation and reveals Starling s deal before offering to transfer Lecter in exchange for a deal of Chilton s own making.
Lecter agrees and is flown.
Where he reveals personal information.
Starling visits Lecter in a Tennessee courthouse and confronts him with her decryption of the name.
The manhunt begins.
He provided.
Lecter refuses Starling s pleas and forces her to recount her traumatic childhood.
She tells him.
She was orphaned and relocated.
Lecter gives her back the case files.
Their conversation is interrupted.
Who escort her.
Later that evening  Lecter kills his two guards  escapes and disappears.
Starling analyzes Lecter s annotations files and realizes.
Buffalo Bill knew his first victim personally.
Starling travels and discovers.
Buffalo Bill was a tailor.
She telephones Crawford to inform him.
Buffalo Bill is trying to fashion a woman suit.
Crawford is already en route to make an arrest  having cross-referenced Lecter s notes and finding a man named Jame Gumb.
Who once applied unsuccessfully.
Starling continues interviewing friends in Ohio.
Crawford leads an FBI tactical team.
The house is empty.
Starling is led.
Who she realizes.
She pursues him.
Where she discovers that Catherine is still alive  but trapped.
Gumb stalks Starling in the dark with night-vision goggles but gives his position  Starling turns around just in time and kills him.
When he cocks his revolver.
Starling receives a phone call from Lecter.
Who is.
He assures her.
He does not plan to pursue her and asks her to return the favor  which she says she can not do.
Lecter then hangs up the phone  saying and begins following a newly-arrived Chilton.
He is having an old friend.
<EOS>
Scrooge McDuck tries to teach his grandnephews Huey  Dewey and Louie.
To save money.
This cartoon addressed the more realistic observation.
Scrooge often bemoaned the loss during his comic book adventures.
Keeping his wealth out is financially unsound.
Scrooge explains  Disney Comics have followed up his Money.
The money is only a percentage of his fortune.
Simply there s no available space in banks.
<EOS>
A handsome young man charms his way.
Her niece is suspicious.
<EOS>
Freddy Gale has been tormented after the death of his daughter Emily.
His anguish costs him his family  happiness  and morality.
Now the drunk driver  John Booth  is released.
Who killed her.
Freddy immediately reveals Mary his plot to kill him in revenge for taking his daughter and life away from him.
John Booth is now living to go on with his life  despite the fact.
He is forever haunted and changed.
Freddy arrives at the Booth residence  armed with a pistol.
He clumsily breaks.
He forgot to load a magazine.
John calmly tells him  but asks to savor his freedom.
He wo nt call the police and will let Freddy kill him.
Freddy is enraged.
He accepts and gives John three days.
To live.
John tries to live his life as best.
He can before the third day arrives.
He meets an artist named JoJo.
He has a brief romance.
She realizes that he ca nt let go.
He reveals.
She apologised for not having looked both ways.
Freddy is now even worse off.
He was before  he drinks excessively and starts sleeping.
He even gets up and goes to a club to find a hired dancer.
Everyone  even a prostitute  is shut off due to his lust for vengeance.
Who truly cares.
It is the third day.
Where Freddy will kill John.
Freddy calls Mary and breaks down.
He tells her.
He is driving by his daughter s school and stops at a crosswalk.
Where children wait.
He sees.
John Booth is the crossing guard.
Freddy then sees himself run over all.
They meet.
Where they both talk.
He angrily curses her.
When Mary tells him he is.
Freddy drunkenly starts to drive to John s house.
John awaits  he stands waiting and applauding Freddy s imminent arrival.
Freddy is however pulled over  after a series of tests.
He passes they begin to arrest him anyway.
Freddy however grabs his gun and runs away.
He breaks in a little girl s room.
The girl guides the police away  Freddy sees his daughter and tells her goodnight.
Freddy arrives and waits.
He enters.
John abruptly jumps.
Freddy tells him.
He is  on his property.
Armed  John should be able to get away.
There is a standoff.
They point guns.
John however drops his gun and runs away  Freddy follows him.
Freddy catches John climbing a fence and fires at him.
It looks.
If John is dead.
He was only grazed and continues on.
Freddy follows him.
Though he has had enough.
He realizes that John has led him.
Freddy had never had the courage to visit his daughter s grave.
John could nt visit earlier.
When he saw Mary there.
John talks silently and finally says.
Your daddy s coming.
Freddy gives John the gun and cries over the grave apologizing.
Freddy and John reconcile.
The sun rises.
<EOS>
Lionel Devereaux and Carmen Navarro are highly unsuccessful nightclub performers  due.
He pretends to be a successful show business agent and tries to persuade a nightclub owner to engage Carmen.
But Steve  the owner  is nt interested and wants a chanteuse.
Carmen pretends to be an exotic veiled French singer ` Mlle Fifi  and gets the job.
Then the club also engages Carmen.
Mlle Fifi becomes more successful.
Carmen and Lionel decides to ` kill her off.
She disappears  but then makes a sudden return.
All is revealed.
<EOS>
A re-enacted phone call featuring reporter Cornelius Vanderbilt  Jr.
The picture opens.
And narrator Edwin C.
Hill is depicted.
Then a parade torchlights in Berlin.
Where Jewish works and other political books are burned.
Vanderbilt meets  and then flies out of the country.
Hill talks about the problems in his country  then a re-enacted interview between Adolf Hitler and Vanderbilt.
Hitler s home town  Leonidad  Austria  and his parents  graves are pictured.
Vanderbilt goes  to see Chancellor Dollfuss.
He films several Austrian Nazis riots.
Vanderbilt s passport is stolen.
There are several shots.
Vanderbilt interviews Crown Prince Wilhelm  and more books are burned.
Helen Keller talks.
Were burned.
Then a conversation Vanderbilt  Kaiser Wilhelm II had is.
Actual anti-Nazi speeches given.
Some Gentiles are shown.
The Nazis are shown trying to alter the Bible.
Congressman Samuel Dickstein of New York and Hill give speeches directly to the audience  explaining the dangers of Nazism.
<EOS>
Angelina is an 18-year-old girl.
Her boyfriend makes the suggestion.
She take naked pictures and sell them.
She is initially hesitant but does the photo shoot and uses the money to run away Andrew.
Angelina becomes acquainted with a wealthy lawyer  Francis.
Who offers to introduce her.
Angelina also meets Margaret  a former porn star turned adult film director.
Margaret offers Angelina  now using the porn name Cherry  direction into the San Francisco porn industry.
Casting Bits  Val Kilmer  Ving Rhames Board ` Seven Below   Rodrigo Santoro Joins ` What to Expect   Jonny Weston Gets ` Cherry  SlashFilm.
When You re Expecting.
6 July 2011New Poster s About Cherry Starring James Franco Wegothiscovered.
20 July 2012  we learn and gets into a car accident with Angelina.
Francis is a.
She is safe.
She goes.
She confides.
They share a kiss and end.
The next scene jumps.
She is beautiful.
<EOS>
Shark and Yuto are  surfing  smoking and drinking.
They meet up before driving to many Australian landmarks.
Bondi Tsunami.
<EOS>
David Niven plays the owner.
Who is called back.
Accompanied  the couple are confronted by a beautiful witch.
Who also lives.
It becomes clear.
A blood sacrifice is expected to return the vineyard.
<EOS>
16-year-old Gail Osborne is a typical high school student.
Six months ago  she and her parents moved to a smaller town due to her father Neil s claim.
The city was too dangerous.
Gail  a high spirited romantic  initially started dating classmate E.
K.
Miller.
He broke off their relationship.
Gail was unwilling to sleep.
Now  Gail is dating Steve Pastorinis.
She receives an anonymous letter  I am watching you.
Says. 
Gail thinks  but is convinced Allison Bremer.
The letter is creepy.
It is a practical joke.
However   Gail decides to warn her principal.
When the gorier notes and phone calls keep coming.
Who informs her it could be the act.
One day  Gail tries to tell her mother Anne.
Anne is too busy to pay attention.
Therefore  Gail ditches school and heads to visit her father at work.
There  she finds out.
Her father has been fired.
Back home  she confronts her mother.
Who demands her to keep silent so Neil will not feel ashamed.
Gail realizes and decides to no longer pay attention.
More serious matters are going on.
One night  she is babysitting the children.
Who is dating Gail s teacher Chris Elden.
She receives a phone call  asking  Are you in the house alone.
Phil reveals himself to be Gail s stalker and rapes her.
Gail is hospitalized and refuses to return to school.
Her father is outraged  but finds out they can not sue him.
Phil s father is a close friend.
The fact also plays a role.
Gail recently lost her virginity.
Gail is eventually encouraged not to be afraid any longer.
She returns.
There  she finds out.
Another girl is receiving the same creepy notes.
Determined to stop Phil  she attempts to catch him.
Phil  however  is to beat her up.
He is caught.
Phil pleads guilty to assault but is not charged with rape.
He has since disappeared.
One rumour has it.
He is.
<EOS>
The Bellas are a proud family.
Joe is a soon-to-be retired construction worker and his wife Marilyn a.
Their oldest son Tony is married.
Their youngest daughter Jan is about to tie the knot herself.
This leaves Renata  the eldest daughter  feeling upset and confused.
What the future may bring.
Her boyfriend Rob is not planning.
She winds up meeting a charming.
Abrasive salesman named Sam Sharpe.
The two begin a courtship.
Renata s family is skeptical.
Their parents  Joe and Marilyn  are more easily manipulated.
Who has given their daughter a happy  up-scale life.
But even they come to resent his uncouth behavior  chain-smoking and constant meddling.
Sam and Renata are married and have a child.
Sam has a heart attack and is confined to a wheelchair as a result.
Sam dies.
Watching Renata skate one day.
Still holding their baby.
Renata mourns her husband  but is grateful for the time.
They spent together and changing her life for the better.
<EOS>
Vikram and Anand are best friends  brought up.
Anand is an orphan.
Who was adopted.
He has never been given the impression.
He was an outsider.
Vikram and Anand are owner and manager respectively.
Both work the same woman  Asha.
Sheela works as a deputy to Anand and is in love with him.
Anand is unaware.
Sheela continues and also lives with.
After finding out he loves Asha  whom Sheela is friends.
Vikram frequents a bus stop daily.
Where he always sees Asha.
He instantly decides to propose.
Vikram discloses to Anand.
He wants to marry a girl but does not reveal her name.
Meanwhile  Vikram s mother looks and declares.
She would marry both her sons together.
Sheela becomes confused as.
Whether she should continue to love Anand.
One day  Sheela meets Vikram.
She says things and has lost.
They talk.
Indicate she feels lonely.
Her loved one.
The next day  Sheela apologizes and asks for a 10-day leave.
She decides to go to.
However  Asha joins her.
She learns that Anand is going there as well.
Sheela is alone in the house.
When Anand arrives to meet Asha.
He learns.
Asha is attending a friend s wedding.
Anand is forced to stay the night.
No train is available.
Anand starts feeling cold due to the weather.
He starts drinking.
He starts seeing Sheela as Asha.
He is wrong.
Anand realizes.
What has happened and writes a letter  asking her to keep the incident a secret for life  as he wants marry Asha only.
However  Asha comes and becomes aware of.
What happened in her absence.
She then decides.
As she respects her friendship  she will sacrifice her love for Sheela and make Anand marry her instead.
The rest shows.
What will happen after this incident.
Will Anand marry Sheela.
<EOS>
A son is born.
The father  motivated  takes the baby into the desert to be abandoned.
Which point the film s setting changes.
The child is rescued  named Edipo and raised as their own son.
He leaves Corinth believing.
When Edipo learns that he will kill his father and marry his mother.
Polybus and Merope are his true parents.
Edipo meets Laius  his biological father  and kills him after an argument.
Later Edipo solves the riddle.
Edipo is rewarded with kingship and marriage to queen Jocasta.
Who is his biological mother.
Fulfilling the prophecy  Edipo blinds himself.
When they discover what they have done.
Jocasta commits suicide.
<EOS>
Cuicui is raised.
17 years ago  Her mother was pregnant.
She committed suicide.
Her grandfather begins to worry.
When Cuicui grows up.
He does nt want Cuicui to have the miserable life.
There is a rich man.
Who has two handsome sons that both fell with Cuicui.
Cuicui likes the younger son.
Her grandfather misunderstands her feeling.
He thinks.
The older son is more suitable.
Unfortunately  the older son dies.
The rich man pins the blame.
He ca nt marry her.
The younger son loves Cuicui so much.
Finally  he chooses to leave the town.
Cuicui s grandfather dies  living Cuicui alone in the world.
However  grief does nt break her down.
She takes.
<EOS>
Zed is a hunter.
Oh is a gatherer.
Zed ate.
Has to offer.
Zed burns down the village decides to go with Zed on his journey to discover all the world.
They encounter Cain and Abel.
Cain kills Abel and informs Zed and Oh.
They must escape or else be accused of killing Abel.
Afterwards  Zed and Oh find and are being sold.
The girls they want to lay from their former tribe have been captured.
They try to buy the girls  freedom.
Cain ends up selling Zed and Oh.
Sodomites attack and take the slaves prisoner.
Being taken by the owner with all the other slaves from their tribe.
Zed and Oh escape and hide  watching the Sodomites.
The next morning  Zed and Oh discover.
The Sodomites have left.
They head off to save the slaves.
They come and find Abraham about to kill his son Isaac.
Zed stops them  claiming.
The Lord sent him to do so.
Abraham takes them and tells them about the cities of Sodom and Gomorrah.
Zed and Oh head off.
Abraham decides to circumcise them.
They are captured.
They arrive.
Cain  now a Sodomite soldier  saves them.
The two recalled.
They were sold as slaves and Cain apologizes and offers them food.
Zed and Oh are offered to become guards.
Being given a tour by Cain.
Shortly they see the princess Inanna.
They become guards and are patrolling the city.
Who is fasting because she feels guilty that most is starving.
That night   Zed is invited by the princess to talk with her.
Zed sees Maya and Eema serving.
Slaves  while Oh is forced to follow the very effeminate high priest.
Zed meets Princess Inanna.
She asks him to enter the Holy and tell her  thinking.
What it is like.
Zed is the Chosen One.
Zed encounters Oh.
Who is hiding.
There  they get and are then imprisoned for going inside the temple.
The two are sentenced to be stoned.
Zed convinces the Sodomites to have mercy.
They are instead sentenced until they die from work.
The king then announces.
He will be sacrificing his daughter and two virgins.
Zed interrupts the ceremony  claiming.
He is the Chosen One.
A riot starts  Oh saves.
Eema and Abraham arrives to overthrow the king.
Oh and Eema lay inside the palace.
Not only consummates their relationship  but also means that Eema can not be sacrificed.
They then come out to help Zed fight the soldiers.
The crowd kills all the leaders and proclaim Zed being the Chosen One.
Zed turns this down  letting Inanna rule  and instead becomes an explorer.
Oh becomes the leader.
Where the whole adventure started.
The two say their goodbyes and head their separate ways.
<EOS>
Phil and Claire Foster are a married couple and.
Whose domestic life has become boring and routine.
Phil is a tax lawyer.
Claire is a realtor.
They are motivated to reignite their romance.
Their best friends  Brad and Haley  are planning to escape the married-life routine and to have more excitement in their lives.
To avoid the routine  Phil decides.
Had become their weekly date night.
He will take Claire.
They can not get a table.
Phil steals a reservation despite Claire s misgivings.
Collins and Armstrong  drive.
Eating they are approached.
Who question them.
They believe Phil and Claire stole.
Phil and Claire try to explain.
They are not the Tripplehorns.
The men threaten them.
Not seeing any other way out  Phil tells them the flash drive.
Is. 
Claire pretends to search   Phil hits them with an oar and escapes with Claire on a boat  Collins and Armstrong shooting at them.
Collins and Armstrong s backs are turned.
Phil and Claire talk with Detective Arroyo  but discover.
Collins and Armstrong are also detectives  presumably.
Realizing  they decide to find the real Tripplehorns.
They can not trust the police.
They return and find the Tripplehorns  phone number.
Claire remembers.
A former client  Holbrooke Grant  is a security expert and James Bond-like action hero.
He seems to never wear shirts and is sleeping.
Grant traces the Tripplehorns  cell phone signal to an apartment owned by a Tom Felton.
Collins and Armstrong arrive.
Phil and Claire escape.
They arrive and break in.
They question Felton  nicknamed Taste  and his wife Whippit.
It turns out.
Taste and Whippit did go but left as soon as they spotted Collins and Armstrong outside.
Realizing  Taste gives the flash drive and flees with Whippit.
They are still.
Armstrong and Collins chase and shoot.
When Phil and Claire get back.
Phil and Claire crash the Audi head-on  resulting in their Audi and the cab being attached at the bumpers.
Both windshields are shot out  so Phil and the cab driver agree to drive off.
Phil climbs.
Claire drives the Audi  Collins and Armstrong still pursuing along.
Phil checks the flash drive and finds pictures of district attorney Frank Crenshaw with prostitutes.
They are eventually hit  and are separated by  an SUV.
Phil realizes so the cab driver jumps free.
The cab s brakes have failed.
Phil rides the car  Phil swims away and later says.
The flash drive stayed.
Phil learns.
Felton had obtained the flash drive to blackmail Crenshaw.
They return.
Grant reluctantly agrees to help them again.
Phil and Claire go.
Crenshaw frequents  under the guise of a new prostitute and Phil as her pimp.
They confront him and tell him they are the Tripplehorns.
Collins and Armstrong come in and hold them  taking them up to the roof with Crenshaw.
Miletto arrives.
It is revealed.
Crenshaw has been paid to keep him out of jail.
A fight escalates.
When Phil mentions the photos.
Phil asks Claire to count.
A helicopter appears.
When she does.
Arroyo and the SWAT team come.
It is revealed.
Phil was wearing a wire courtesy.
Afterwards  Phil and Claire have breakfast.
Where Phil says he would marry Claire and have their kids all over again.
They make love.
When they return home.
<EOS>
Two American soldiers become trapped in no man s land.
Expecting to die  W.
Daingerfield Phelps III decides to fulfill his fondest desire  to beat up his sergeant.
The Germans sneak up and capture them.
They are brawling.
The two become friends.
When Phelps takes responsibility.
The two escape  stealing the white robes prisoners to blend in with the snow.
However  they encounter a group.
Phelps creates a distraction.
The two men jump off  landing.
So are they.
When the hay is loaded.
The stowaways are discovered.
The skipper is satisfied.
When Phelps pays him their fare.
Phelps jumps in to try to rescue an Arabian woman  Mirza.
When a small boat founders nearby.
Both he and the woman have to be saved.
The two soldiers and the skipper vie.
Phelps eventually coaxes her  and is entranced by her beauty.
Meanwhile  the woman s escort observes this development.
The skipper insists.
None have any money left.
They hold him off.
They can.
The skipper refuses to let Mirza debark  so OGaffney robs the purser to get the money.
When they reach their destination.
Mirza is met  Mirza informs Phelps.
Her father has arranged to marry Shevket.
They depart.
The Americans jump overboard.
When the skipper discovers what happened.
The two men head  but leave hastily without speaking to him.
When they find the skipper already there lodging a complaint.
They decide to seek the assistance the Emir.
Who turns out to be the governor.
However  Mirza s escort has told him and Shevket.
Phelps has seen her.
Outraged  the Emir sends his men to bring the Americans back to be executed.
Unaware saunter into the Emir s palace.
Fortunately  Phelps reads Mirza s warning note  and the two escape.
OGaffney shows true friendship and accompanies him.
When Phelps sets out to rescue Mirza.
They are trapped.
Shevket proposes they settle this.
When Mirza threatens to kill herself.
Which only one is loaded.
Phelps agrees and fires first  his gun is the unloaded one.
Mirza is made to leave the room.
Then Shevket reveals  he did not wish to wager his life.
Both guns are empty.
He exits  leaving his men to dispose.
The two men overcome their captors  relieve Shevket  and ride away.
<EOS>
A policewoman is attacked  handcuffed and raped while.
She determines to find and punish the rapist herself.
Rather than report the incident.
She becomes terrified  and develops a victim mentality.
The same attacker again rapes her.
The criminal is neither caught nor identified  leaving the policewoman s feelings of terror and desire for vengeance unresolved.
<EOS>
Fatima is small town girl  living.
She is a girl.
Who wants to become a lady.
Who will change the socienty.
Fatima  the character itself  a motivational  self constructed women.
Who does not fear anything.
She tries to remove the Hypocrisy.
Fatima will show all traditional events happening and also show the good side of Pakistani Culture.
Fatima is not an Anti-Muslim film nor does.
It have any issue.
It is a film.
It also gives a clean message.
The women and men can change the entire prospective of the country by just a small vision.
<EOS>
The space salvage ship.
Mother III happens.
Captain van Helsing and his crew board the abandoned ship.
They explore the bridge and find the corpse.
Clutching a crucifix.
Van Helsing claims salvage rights and decides to tow the ship back to Earth.
Mother III suddenly uncouples  leaving them stranded aboard the derelict ship with no means of communication.
The crew prepares to return.
Later  cargo specialist 187 and deckhand.
Humvee discover a cargo bay.
187 speculates.
The coffins could contain smuggled goods and cracks one open only to find sand.
Humvee heads back  he is soon attacked.
187 stays to open the other coffins.
The crew rushes.
He is now a vampire.
187 attacks the crew  with Mina becoming his first victim.
Aurora  fleeing 187  runs.
Who bites her neck.
Aurora makes her way  she reports her encounter with Orlock and reveals his intentions to return to Earth.
She is unable to explain.
She escaped Orlock unharmed.
Thinking Aurora could be lying  the Captain leaves her tied up and guarded.
Soon  187 gains entrance.
Who manages in the heart with a wooden pool cue.
Aurora  still tied up  confesses.
She is in fact an undercover android cop investigating salvage activities.
Van Helsing and Humvee feel betrayed.
Nonetheless untie her.
Searching the ship s database  the Captain and Professor   discover.
Who uses a wheelchair.
The legendary vampire hunter Abraham Van Helsing was one.
The Professor believes.
Orlock will seek revenge.
The Captain learns and decides to steer the Demeter on a course towards a binary star system.
Vampires can be stopped.
The Captain and Aurora are soon confronted.
The Captain fights Orlock alone  finally being overcome.
Aurora rallies reinforcements.
Aurora and Humvee return  only to be attacked.
Aurora stakes him and wounds him but Mina attacks  permitting Orlock to escape.
Mina is dispatched.
The Professor  despairing  finds Orlock.
Who promises to free him for aiding Orlock s return to Earth.
They find the Professor hiding  bite marks.
When Aurora and Humvee return.
Aurora stabs him  revealing.
He was a vampire.
A furious Orlock tries to enter the bridge.
Humvee and Aurora manage to close the door.
Humvee and Aurora confess.
The Demeter draws closer.
Neither knows how to pilot the ship.
They take comfort.
Orlock s plans to return have been foiled.
Aurora also reveals.
She is programmed for sexual pleasure.
The movie ends.
Who announces his intention to sacrifice himself and his ship.
<EOS>
The film is non-linear  framed listening to his secret recordings towards the end of his presidency as the Watergate crisis intensifies.
It covers all aspects of Nixon s life as a composite of actual events  usually in the form of memories triggered by the recordings or newsreel-style summaries.
It depicts his childhood  as well as his growth as a young man  football fan and player  and suitor to his eventual wife  Pat Ryan.
It explores most  including his downfall due to abuse of executive power in the White House.
The film implies.
Nixon and his wife abused alcohol and prescription medication.
Nixon s health problems   are also shown in the film.
His various medicants are sometimes attributed.
The movie also hints.
Nixon felt.
Kennedy assassination.
The mechanisms set by Nixon during his term as Dwight D.
Eisenhower s vice-president spiraled out to culminate in the assassination and  eventually  Watergate.
The film ends on the helicopter  Army One.
Real life footage plays out over the extended end credits  and all living ex-presidents at the time  Gerald Ford  Jimmy Carter  Ronald Reagan  George H.
W.
Bush  and then-president Bill Clinton  are shown.
<EOS>
The story reveals during the British occupation in India.
Karthik is a goldsmith s son  so he is too.
Ranjitha is a gypsy woman.
Has a poultry.
They both collide.
Very soon both falls.
The braveness of Karthik is impressing the District Collector s sister s heart as well.
The rest deals with.
The lovers getting united.
<EOS>
Gwyneth McBride is a Wiccan woman.
Who attempts to open up a homeless shelter.
She is threatened.
When a local crime lord Joe Merchant sends in his thugs to intimidate her.
She defends herself.
<EOS>
A suspense thriller  Chhaila Babu was the yesteryear actor Joy Mukherjee s second and only successful film.
Rita  played  is vacationing in snowy mountain in Kashmir.
Rita is a ski champion.
A warning sign is chopped down by an unseen person  and Rita skis blithely on into danger.
She s rescued.
Who shows up again.
He responds.
When she asks him who he really is.
Hhialla Babu had first posed as a tangewala.
Rita s gangster dad is murdered.
Trying to run away lakhs.
A policeman curiously reaches the murder scene.
The dying dad murmurs a number.
Suspecting the dreaded ` Scorpion  to be  the police call Rita to Mumbai.
A CBI Inspector is waiting.
When he drops her off.
He tells her and asks her about the money.
She s distraught but knows nothing.
He asks her to return to help the CBI in their investigation.
Observing her arrival are the gang and -- Chhaila Babu  wearing a medal around his neck.
Macmohan attacks Rita.
Suddenly Chhaila Babu steps in to save her.
Macmohan sees his Scorpion medal.
Both men flee.
Chhaila Babu tenderly administers and kisses her.
He tells her.
He loves her and wants to marry her.
-- otherwise he s afraid.
She hands.
She ll be killed.
Rita sees a diamond necklace hanging out  and tells him furiously to get out.
He tells her.
Society has made him a thief  that it robbed him and left him with nothing to live for except vengeance.
She s unsympathetic.
Rita finds Chhaila again  this time as a taxi driver.
He tells her.
Her words the night before have changed him.
He tells her.
Meanwhile  the police and the CBI Inspector are pretty sure.
Chhaila Babu is Scorpion.
They need evidence.
He takes her.
There he starts flirting.
The club happens to belong.
Macmohan is there too  he recognizes Chhaila Babu.
.
He tells Ranjit who Chhaila Babu really is.
A furious Rita now gets determinedto kill Chhailla but then rest is all about.
Who is Chhailla Babu  why he is.
<EOS>
The film is based.
Happened  when a staircase fell down because of the weight of hundreds of women waiting for a job interview as a secretary.
<EOS>
Monty Python and the Holy Grail loosely follows the legend.
Arthur along recruits his Knights of the Round Table  including Sir Bedevere the Wise  Sir Lancelot the Brave  Sir Robin the Not-Quite-So-Brave-As-Sir-Lancelot and Sir Galahad the Pure.
Arthur battles the Black Knight.
Who   insists he can still fight.
They reach Camelot.
Arthur decides not to enter.
It is a silly place.
They are instructed to seek out the Holy Grail.
Their first stop is a French-controlled castle.
Where they believe the Grail is being held.
They try to sneak into the castle in a Trojan Rabbit  but this plan goes terribly wrong.
When they forget to hide first.
The rabbit is subsequently catapulted back.
Arthur then decides.
The group should separate to seek the Grail.
Concurrently   a modern-day historian is describing the Arthurian legend for a television program.
He is suddenly killed on horseback  triggering a police investigation.
Each encounters various perils on their quest.
Arthur and Bedevere attempt to satisfy the strange requests.
Who say Ni.
Sir Robin narrowly avoids a fight by running away  causing embarrassment as the bard following.
The heads are arguing.
Him sings Brave Sir Robin ran away.
Sir Lancelot accidentally assaults a wedding party  mistakenly believing them to be holding a lady against her will  only to discover an effeminate boy.
Galahad is led to Castle Anthrax  populated only by women.
Who wish to perform sexual favours  but is rescued  somewhat against his will  by Lancelot.
The Knights regroup and travel to see Tim the Enchanter.
Who points them to caves where the location is written on the walls.
To enter the caves  the group is forced to defeat the Rabbit using the Holy Hand Grenade of Antioch.
They enter the cave and are attacked.
Devours Brother Maynard.
Arthur and his Knights flee and barely escape.
The group travels to its last peril  the Bridge of Death   Sirs Robin and Galahad fail and are thrown into a chasm below.
Where each Knight is forced to answer three questions before they can cross the Gorge of Eternal Peril.
Arthur   accidentally tricks the.
Who is thrown.
Lancelot becomes separated  and is later shown being arrested by police for the murder of the historian.
Arthur and Bedevere travel.
Turns out to be occupied.
The Knights amass a large army and prepare to storm the castle.
The modern police arrive.
As they begin to charge.
Arthur and Bedevere are arrested.
One knocks the film out of the camera  putting an abrupt end to the movie.
There are no end credits  only several minutes.
<EOS>
Wil Wheaton portrays Zach Means  a frustrated Kansas tollbooth worker.
Whose friend has invited him to take a round-the-world cruise.
Zach is hesitant to leave to enter the great unknown.
Desiring to take him up.
The film focuses away from any sizable settlements.
Where Means spends much.
Zach learns.
His childhood sweetheart  Christina  will be marrying another friend.
One asks him.
He does nt take his sailor friend up.
He assumes.
When this man returns later to find Zach gone.
Zach has finally decided to go -- until he encounters a road crew a few miles down a desolate stretch of highway  with Zach as the signman.
The Good Things.
<EOS>
Parish sheriff Darl Hardwick is the chief investigator.
The dignitaries react nervously  and want the whole thing hushed up.
Darl is replaced.
Normally  he would have no problem.
He grows more interested.
When he meets the attractive wife  and urges a thorough investigation.
The investigation costs him his job - and nearly gets.
Him killed.
<EOS>
This film is.
It is.
It is.
Malhar Kamat  an old musician and music teacher  is dying.
He prepares his will.
Where he leaves his entire jaydad -- comprising a haveli  -LCB- -LCB- convert -RCB- -RCB- -- to Aditi Shrikant Pandit.
Two years later  the will is delivered to Aditi.
She is.
When the will reaches Aditi.
Ravi is a very close friend.
Aditi s son Aniket introduces his girlfriend and would-be wife Revati.
Shrikant opens the certified letter package.
Though it is addressed.
Shrikant is intrigued and decides to consult his daily diaries.
Where he has chronicled the events.
Shrikant realizes.
He overlooked certain things anybody else could have easily noticed.
He understands.
25 years ago Aditi could not have possibly been pregnant.
He shows her the diary  confronts her.
Shrikant is an up-and-coming star at a firm  seeking to break out onto his own.
His work keeps him traveling almost constantly.
This leaves his newlywed wife Aditi lonely and frustrated.
He takes it and rebuffs her saying.
When she asks him to let her work someplace.
No woman has ever worked outside the home and that he earns enough for them to live comfortably.
He suggests.
She take up music.
The music teacher is Malhar Kamat.
Shrikant continues his unending travels.
He makes it clear that music will not be anything more than a hobby for Aditi.
Aditi s sister Sudha and her husband come to live.
Their constant lovemaking further deepens Aditi s feelings.
And one spring afternoon   Aditi s resolve is broken.
Malhar breaks.
Malhar returns a couple later.
Aditi asks him to leave.
Aditi has missed a period.
Sudha learns this and advises her to do something.
Aditi breaks down and tries to tell him the truth.
When Shrikant returns.
But Shrikant is doubly elated  having won the first major contract and  hearing of his imminent fatherhood  and breaks out into celebrations without letting Aditi complete her story.
Shrikant punishes Aditi.
The story comes back to present time.
Meghna loathes Shrikant.
She suffered spousal abuse before divorcing him and marrying Ravi.
Aniket is disgusted after knowing the truth of his existence.
Shrikant decides.
He will live.
Any spousal relationship will not exist.
She breaks the engagement  not  but.
Revati knows the truth.
She realizes that Aniket is no different.
Meghna decides to take Aditi to Goa.
Aditi declines.
She walks out.
The movie ends walking out the house.
Watching them go.
Shri and Aniket stand.
The denouement captures the essence.
<EOS>
The film portrays   has-been actor John Blakeford agreeing to write his memoirs for magazine publisher Jordan Winston.
He attempts to break his contract.
When Blakeford s daughter  Patricia  asks him to desist.
<EOS>
A singer named.
Emmy meets broken down journalist Hank Topping.
A romance sparks  but is soon interrupted.
Fleeing  Emmy and Hank team up  eventually culminating in a fierce shootout with the marauders.
The Emmy and Hank team seek safety.
I recall correctly.
They hide in a basement level  protected only by a floor-board cover.
The baby begins to cry  thereby revealing the location of the couple and their team.
The bandits enter the building.
A rescue squad speeds over a nearby hill towards the building  then succeeding to rescue those trapped below the floor.
The bandits begin to chop their way.
<EOS>
The film centers.
It originally went.
The Battle was a naval engagement  concurrent with the battle at Thermopylae.
The film will probably also focus   on the Battle of Salamis.
Which Artemisia played a major role  as well as possibly the Battle.
<EOS>
Chiranjeevi is a downtrodden villager named Sivudu.
Who just wants to live along but falls as prey to the oppressors who are wealthy and powerful.
Who beat him almost and kill his lover.
He is rescued.
Who trains him.
Him Shivudu to fight the Diwan Rao Gopal Rao.
Who thinks she has Blue Blood.
Sivudu s aim is to rescue the villagers and also get rid of Diwan and restore peace.
Where they all are help captive.
Radhika later learns and falls.
She is the daughter but not of Jamindar.
The rest succeeds his mission.
<EOS>
Cindy  short  lives with her widowed stepmother and two stepsisters  Bertha and Ertha.
Cindy is forced to do all and is effectively a servant.
The widow hates Cindy.
Her late Grandfather died and hid his will.
The widow knows passes all the family inheritance.
The widow purposely keeps Cindy busy so.
She wo nt find the will  giving the widow time to find it first.
A young man named.
Philip  who is their neighbour  returns and is enchanted by Cindy.
The widow  however  wants him to marry Bertha.
One night  Cindy falls asleep.
Unknown  an old lady sneaks into the house and finishes her chores for her.
Ertha encounters the old lady.
Who reveals that she is Cindy s Grandmother.
Ertha agrees to keep Grandmother s visit a secret.
The same thing happens the following night.
The widow wakes up and chases Cindy s Grandmother out.
Ertha   tells Cindy.
Who witnessed everything.
The widow asks her magic mirror.
It shows her a salesman disguise.
The widow visits Grandmother s house  and tricks the old lady.
Who is sent.
Which there is no escape.
Cindy  dressed  tries to find her way to Grandmother s house.
Cindy meets a wolf.
Who advises her to walk slowly to avoid danger.
She is shocked.
When Cindy finally arrives.
When her Grandmother turns out to be the wolf.
The wolf removes its mask  revealing.
Cindy runs away.
It was the widow.
Cindy sits  unaware.
Philip is listening.
Philip eventually reveals himself and gives her a ring.
Later  Bertha scares away their farm s pigs and blames Cindy.
Cindy runs back.
There she discovers seven wooden dwarfs and the wooden puppet Pinocchio.
They come alive.
When she kisses them.
They tell her.
Widow took Grandmother away.
The widow decides to lure Cindy back by holding a ball.
Cindy learns and decides to go.
It is a chance to see Philip again.
The dwarfs make Cindy a white dress  Pinocchio lets her borrow his shoes.
They create a swan-shaped sleigh  as well as a crown and mask.
They warn her  so she has to leave.
The mask will melt.
The widow keeps an eye out for Cindy.
Philip is.
He quickly turns his attention.
When Cindy arrives.
Ertha has her own romance.
When she dances.
Cindy s disguise melts away.
When the clock strikes.
She is forced to run away.
Ertha retaliates.
When the widow mocks Ertha.
Cindy can be found.
He heads out to find her.
The widow asks her magic mirror.
It shows her a disguise  a pointed hat  a nose and an apple.
Looks. 
The widow arrives.
The widow hypnotises Cindy to fall asleep.
The widow falls in a well.
The seven dwarfs  Philip and Pinocchio all end up hearing cries.
One is caught on a nail and starts to unravel.
When Pinocchio enters.
Grandmother is found  and follow the trail left by Pinocchio s shoe.
Everyone is able up.
Cindy is woken up.
When they arrive back.
Grandmother tells her  Only Pinocchio knows.
Grandfather left her everything  and that the answer is hidden in his magic riddle  a poem which ends with.
It turns out.
The will is inside Pinocchio s nose.
Grandmother reads the will  confirming.
All go to Cindy.
Cindy and Philip s wedding is held.
What used to be the widow s house.
The dwarfs turn back into wood.
But  he comes back to be with her.
When Ertha kisses Pinocchio.
<EOS>
The story starts.
He begins to worry.
His profession is quite rare.
Who might take his place when he retires.
He has a daughter  but  unfortunately  she seems doomed  as soon  he runs away from her  scared.
Any prospective groom learns.
However  a new character enters  the local undertaker  a young handsome man  No girl wants him given his profession.
Who has exactly the same problem.
So  you have the woman and the man.
Whom almost nobody would marry.
Whom almost nobody would marry.
Obviously  they are meant and soon get married.
<EOS>
Four teenagers are involved in a fight on the school bus and are sent to detention.
Norville Shaggy Rogers is a clumsy  nerdy outcast   Fred Jones is quarterback  Velma Dinkley is a science geek.
Who tried to smuggle his dog.
Daphne Blake is.
They bond somewhat  but quickly get on each other s nerves.
Two ghosts appear and chase them.
Where a pep rally is going on.
A third ghost  The Specter  appears telling everyone to leave.
The stamp-collecting Principal Deedle decides to close the school.
Vice Principal Grimes deems it a prank and suspends the quartet.
The gang tries to clear their names.
Leads to Grimes expelling them.
Further investigation   makes.
Them think Grimes is their prime suspect.
Searching at Grimes  house leads them to information about a time capsule.
The ghosts attack again.
The teens are knocked out.
The Specter  keeping Scooby and Grimes  forces the gang to search underground for the time capsule.
Unable to find the capsule  they trick the Specter  but the plan backfires.
When they try to lock him up.
The Specter acquires the capsule.
Stealing the capsule back  the gang uses a book to banish the ghosts.
Scooby manages to break free and arrives just in time to subdue the Specter.
Who turns out to be Principal Deedle.
The principal reveals.
A stamp misprint was hidden.
The group is publicly congratulated.
The exposed Deedle is sent.
They decide to continue investigating strange doings.
<EOS>
Three very likeable losers fail.
They pursue individual goals.
Roland Darbont is an inventor.
Who has designed his own engine.
Manu Borelli is a pilot.
Who prepares a spectacular stunt.
Both are running tests on Darbont s premises.
When they are joined.
They nourish.
Each others hopes and learn to get along.
But then Darbont s test vehicle blows up and nearly kills him.
The damage is so grave.
He has neither the means nor the will to start all over.
Manu Borelli can execute his dangerous stunt but he loses his license.
It even turns out.
He had fallen and wo nt receive any payment.
Laetitia seems to succeed  still she ca nt sell a piece.
When she gets her art exhibition.
So they decide to undertake altogether an ill-fated endeavour.
<EOS>
The story begins.
When a teen named Suri escapes and finds a drug dealer tormenting some little boys.
Suri guns down the drug dealer.
One expresses his wish to join him.
The rest too become Suri s helpers and eventually his henchman.
The film continues.
Suri is the Don.
Then  he has Raghava as his sidekick.
Who adores him.
Together  they rule the underworld.
Our don even has time.
He is the unopposed kingpin.
Everything is peaceful and hunky dory.
But only enters the scene.
Feroz is a feared don.
He wants to add Andhra Pradesh.
That s.
What sets off the battle.
Suri begins to upset Feroz.
Suri refuses to work.
Feroz s men get killed.
One man wants to kill Raghava.
Eventually  Don lets Raghava kill the man.
The man also hosted a hideout in Hyderabad.
Meanwhile  Don falls with Priya  at first she does nt like him but later she also begins to like him.
Raghava also finds a girl.
He likes.
Raghava is cornered.
Where his fiance Nandhini  ends up being.
Raghava is killed.
Meet between Suri & Feroz  Feroz returns Raghava s bullet ridden body and challenges Suri for a fight on a condition that  of his men for each fall.
A person will lose.
He takes.
Angered & heartbroken  Suri accepts his challenge.
Suri loses.
The fight progresses.
Determined to win  Suri continues the fight and thrashes up Feroz & his two well trained women bodyguards.
The fight ends they ll end up like him.
<EOS>
Everything was going well until recently.
Ah Bo decided to open a shop with her long-time boyfriend  Ah Jun  thinking and running smoothly.
She would eventually marry Jun when everything has been set up.
One day  Bo met her old classmate Kei Kei.
Kei Kei  being smitten  decided to steal Ah Jun for her own  not caring about Ah Bo s feelings.
It turned out.
Not only Bo has lost her love  she also loses her shop.
Ah Bo meets up.
Ah Fung is also two-timing Ah Man with another woman.
She takes him and thinks.
Ah Man does love Ah Fung.
He will never leave her.
She is also selfish and does nt want to be tied.
Ah Bo found a job as a make-up artist in the mall.
Her boss Ah Kuen broke the news and invited everyone out to celebrate.
Ah Bo realized.
Her boss s really young fiancee is very familiar.
She recognized him.
Ah Keung keeps pretending.
He does nt know Ah Bo.
A month later  Ah Kuen s wedding was suddenly canceled.
Bo found out.
Ah Kuen s life savings were all stolen.
Ah Bo unexpectedly met Ah Keung.
Ah Keung already has a new target  Tiffany.
He finds Ah Bo.
Ah Bo hires Ah Keung to deceive Kei Kei and let.
Her have a taste.
One day Ah Keung met his ex-girlfriend  Ah Yan.
Ah Yan told Ah Keung.
Her family will move.
S money.
Ah Keung had deceived Ah Yun s sister.
They were nt angry now.
Ah Keung successfully courted Kei Kei.
Being abandoned  Ah Jun decided to make up with Ah Bo.
But Ah Bo has no more feelings.
She unknowingly fell in love with Ah Keung.
Ah Man finally felt tired and decided to set up a stable relationship.
But Ah Fung tells Ah Man.
He wants to break up.
Ah Fung was actually secretly dating his co-worker s girlfriend Ah Min.
Ah Fung finally decided to let go and had chosen Ah Min for a ` back up lover  relationship upon agreeing with her.
Although did not last because Ah Min decided to get married  gave him new insights.
He found out.
There is more to love.
So  he lets go - they were incompatible.
He feels she needs someone different who can also accept her as she is and who she can accept and love.
He put up.
She   did a few horrible things to Ah Fung  only to regret them immediately afterwards.
L has a fascinating ending with a strange  maybe unthinkable twist  especially.
What the story line evolved.
However   Love can show its true form in the things.
It also takes the shape.
There is a sharp contrast  as to  despite the lies.
Who gets a second chance.
Who really loved Ah Bo.
<EOS>
She is killed.
When Vivienne Freeman gets a ride.
Alex only gets a nosebleed.
Everybody agrees.
It is not Alex s fault.
He visits the victim s mother Linda.
Who has autism.
She has been informed a few hours before Alex s visit  but does not show any signs of grief.
However  she has a cleanliness mania  and prevents her.
Involves her constantly making sure everything is neat.
Her problem is finding someone.
Who will put the garbage outside to be collected  as this was always something done.
Linda insists.
Alex stay a few days so that he can do it.
He agrees and also arranges Vivienne s funeral.
He begins a relationship.
Who Linda mistakenly thinks.
A local policeman warns Maggie.
He is not long out for committing murder.
Maggie does not confront Alex  but instead waits.
He brings the subject.
Alex reveals -- Alex had only recently learned a long time ago.
He killed the man who caused his son s death while he was on his way to meet Alex for the first time.
Linda dislikes Maggie.
Where she initially refuses her help.
But  she allows Maggie to come and help her.
Alex leaves to see the mother.
<EOS>
The story   centers.
Takes place.
Who own them.
One belongs to Howard Bannister  Ph.
D.
And is filled tambula rocks.
Have certain musical properties.
Bannister  a musicologist  have come to San Francisco to obtain a grant offered by Frederick Larrabee.
Howard has a theory.
Ancient man may have used rocks to create music.
Howard s rival is the ethically-challenged  dubiously-accented Hugh Simon.
Who apparently is but seems to be doing work in Western Europe.
The second bag belongs  and is filled with her clothes and a large dictionary.
No matter  trouble happens  to spontaneous combustion of hotel rooms.
Where Judy goes.
She never finished college  but nevertheless has amassed a considerable amount from all of the courses she took at the many institutions of higher learning.
Which she was expelled.
The third bag belongs.
Who is using it to store her valuable jewels.
The fourth and last overnight bag belongs and contains top-secret government papers.
There is at least some indication and wishes to make them public.
He has them illegally.
The equally mysterious Mr Jones identifies himself  and is on a mission to recover the documents.
Howard  Eunice  Mrs Van Hoskins  and Mr Smith all happen to check at the same time  whereupon Judy lodges herself there without paying and begins pursuing Howard.
Two hotel employees attempt to steal the jewels belonging.
Mr Jones attempts to get the bag belonging.
The bags get.
Switched haphazardly as the four parties unwittingly take one another s suitcases.
Howard ends up.
The thieves end up.
Few people ever actually open the bags to confirm that.
What they think they have is.
What they actually possess.
Meanwhile  Judy manages to secure the grant while masquerading as Eunice  and then accidentally destroys his hotel room.
The following day  everyone makes their way.
Where a shooting occurs.
Howard and Judy take all the bags and are chased by the thieves  Mr Smith  Mr Jones  Eunice  Simon  Larabee and a few roped-in bystanders.
They go  down Lombard Street  and eventually into San Francisco Bay.
All the protagonists finally end up  under the gavel of a world-weary and curmudgeonly judge.
Who  improbably  turns out to be Judy s father  who  suffers a heart attack  which causes the judge s bench to collapse.
Everything is cleared up  Howard gets his rocks back  Mrs Van Hoskins pays the considerable damages in Howard s name with the reward money  the hotel thieves are forced to flee the country.
He would have received.
The papers are put back.
Judy exposes Simon announces -- studying Music History at the Iowa Conservatory of Music.
She is taking one more pass.
The film ends.
Howard and Judy share an airborne kiss while their in-flight movie shows the Bugs Bunny cartoon that gave the film its name.
<EOS>
An obnoxious nightclub comedian is drafted into the U.
S.
Army.
He meets a WAC Lieutenant and romantically pursues her.
His activities irritate his drill sergeant and the entire army.
When he goes Absent.
He is imprisoned and sentenced.
Turns him.
He is shipped overseas to join the Special Services.
<EOS>
Set  the film follows a boy.
Who moves and becomes involved with a group of teens attempting to preserve the buffalo and Navajo traditions.
He makes friends and learns important lessons about life.
The show teaches about a few Navajo traditions.
<EOS>
The film revolves.
Who brings together an unlikely group to help in creating awareness among their villagers to revolt against the cruel village head  Rambhoopal and his henchmen.
The movie was wonderfully made.
Though being a revolutionary theme.
Accompanies the leftist movies and fashioned Mahabharatham.
Amazing performances make this movie another classic from Bapu.
The film also has Chiranjeevi.
<EOS>
Jack is a retired cop.
Whose wife and daughter are murdered.
He is then sent for a crime.
He did not commit  however.
<EOS>
Julien is fleeing.
His wife  pregnant with her daughter is made to sit in first class.
He has to settle.
The train heads west and collects people fleeing everywhere.
A young woman ends up in a carriage with Julien.
He is struck.
She is a German Jew and has no news.
Who was deported two years ago.
The man is separated  staying with his traveling companion.
When the train is divided.
The dangers and setbacks lead to a passionate relationship.
Arriving he discovers and has just given birth.
His wife is.
Three years later  Julien leads a quiet life.
When he was interviewed.
He is asked to recognize a picture.
When questioned.
The woman is question.
Is Anna but Julien denies ever having seen her.
<EOS>
300-year-old Nino looks.
He is eight or nine years old.
Described as a Brazilian counterpart to Harry Potter  Nino tries to write a book of spells.
His aunt and uncle criticize his apprenticeship.
Nino wants to play.
Losangela  a relative  begins conspiring.
Who hope to tear down Nino s family s mansion.
<EOS>
The film opens.
Where Barry Wilding and Julie Kenmore meet to England.
Barry finds out.
He has inherited a house that belonged  to see how it looks like he goes there one night but finds out that it has been occupied by an old man and his daughter  the same girl he met on ship.
The mystery evokes.
When he comes to know that suspicious people are.
Strange things are happening.
<EOS>
The movie is all - Shaam  Emaan  Pooja  Priya and Irene.
The friends gather  years after everyone has parted ways.
The movie starts.
Meanwhile  everyone else is helping Emaan.
The movie goes during their college days.
Emaan & Irene meet.
The first flashback occurs.
The audience finds out.
They were once and find out what went wrong between them.
Another flashback occurs.
When Shaam remembers Pooja.
Pooja is a fun-loving tomboy.
Who was best friends and was treated as if she s one of the guys.
Shaam realizes.
He s.
Pooja realizes.
She s.
Shaam and Pooja decides to reveal their love.
They love.
Pooja learns  so she kept.
Shaam is.
Her love a secret.
She rejects his love.
When Priya finds in love with her.
She is a very cultural and innocent girl.
When we are taken back.
Everyone meets each other.
Pooja arrives.
Pooja is no longer the same girl.
They all once knew.
Does Pooja finally reveal her love.
<EOS>
The film tells the tragic story.
Married  the two hope to change society  but are continuously challenged by the corruption and injustice of Chinese society.
<EOS>
Vinod becomes mentally ill Anitha  dies because of an electric short circuiting accident during a rock concert.
Vinod is admitted.
Who is Dr Ravindran s daughter  and Dr Unnikrishnan.
Savithri and Vinod fall.
Dr Ravindran has already arranged Savithri s marriage  so he opposes the lovers.
Dr Ravindran performs a surgery.
When he finds that Savithri and Vinod are adamant.
Puts him.
Dr Unnikrishnan  feels and kills Vinod.
Death would be preferable to vegetative life.
He confronts Dr Ravindran and confesses.
Savithri overhears the conversation  and loses her mental equilibrium.
She is admitted.
<EOS>
A newly appointed Captain is assigned to lead an Special Troops unit  due to Mainland China s military conflict with Taiwan.
However  the unit is composed.
The four stooges decide to cooperate with each other to sabotage their Captain.
Order to deal.
The Captain suffered a lot due.
Clumsiness. 
Caused him.
Later  Li DaWei has some conflicts and has a big fight with them.
He is set into confinement barracks.
Unexpectedly  the Captain sent some tibits the same night.
He was confined.
Towards the end  the four stooges took responsibility to drive to supply water to other soldiers.
Took the oppotunity to visit Li DaWei s home.
The next day   they stumbled and captured the top commander and top leaders of the opposite team.
Stopping store to buy breakfast.
They acquire respect and admiration of other soldiers.
Lin was serving his mandatory military service in the army s entertainment division.
<EOS>
A lab mix-up accidentally swaps a vaccine.
Turns a high school into flesh-eating zombies.
But all is not lost  New student Aki discovers.
The swim team is immune.
The girls engage in an over-the-top orgy of gory violence to save the day.
Sasa Handa  Yuria Hidaka and Hiromitsu Kiba star.
<EOS>
Shinji Ikari is sent.
He is caught.
He wanders.
N.
Army and the fourth Angel.
Rescued.
Colonel Misato Katsuragi  Shinji is brought.
Where he is pressured into piloting the Evangelion Unit-01 against the Angel because the other Evangelion pilot  the mysterious Rei Ayanami.
Shinji is taken in by Misato as her new housemate and enrolled in high school.
The film portrays Shinji s attempts to settle in.
Continuing to defend Tokyo-3 and the world.
The fifth Angel arrives and paralyzes Shinji.
Who is slammed.
Misato has Toji and Kensuke take cover before ordering Shinji to retreat.
He disobeys and destroys the fifth Angel.
Misato later reprimands Shinji.
The sixth Angel appears and tries to drill into NERV headquarters.
To motivate the despondent Shinji  Misato takes him down and shows him a giant white entity crucified to a giant cross-like restraint  the second Angel  Lilith.
Misato explains.
Reaching this area is the goal and that any contact between them and Lilith would bring about the Third Impact and the end of all life on Earth.
Shinji  piloting Unit 01  and Rei  piloting Unit-00  manage to destroy the Angel by sniping it using an experimental positron rifle.
Requires the entire electrical power output to function.
Rei is nearly killed defending Shinji.
Who is able to save her.
Shinji and the normally cold Rei share an emotional moment and Rei eventually shares a warm smile.
The final scene opens  with.
What appears to be blood splashed.
Nine coffin-like containers are arranged.
Five of which are open.
Kaworu Nagisa awakens and rises.
Is an unidentified white giant  in a pit surrounded by construction equipment and scaffolding  wearing a purple Seele mask.
A black  horizontal  rectangular monolith appears.
Which Seele 01 engages.
<EOS>
He is recognized.
When small-time hood Johnny Warjack and his gang hold up the Club Bermuda  a nightclub/gambling den.
Club owner Marty Fain orders his men to deal and offers to make good his patrons  losses.
Socialite Linda Vickers and gambler Nelson Clark both try to take advantage.
He does not believe either.
Nonetheless  Fain deducts Clark s claimed $ 10000 loss  but then demands the remaining $ 13000 be paid within a week.
She claims to have an insurance policy for that amount.
Fain insists  so they head for her apartment.
The nightclub attendant says  so Fain drives the woman home.
Her car is parked far away.
Vickers admits.
She lied.
Fain is not surprised  having read in the newspaper.
They begin seeing each other.
The next morning  Vickers is awoken.
Warjack was found murdered.
Her car was spotted.
Vickers has an alibi and sees no reason to divulge her suspicions.
Fain writes her a check.
When she tells Fain and mentions her excellent memory.
She later returns.
It uncashed and breaks up.
Her brother  Doc  arrives.
He does not approve.
He does not mind being introduced to Toni Peters  the club s singer.
He takes matters.
When Fain s men return.
He sneaks and kills him  but is shot and seriously wounded himself.
He manages to return before falling unconscious.
One spots Doc in the club and gets him to take care of the wound.
However   Fain sends his hoodlums to persuade him to change his mind.
When Doc refuses to accept a large bribe to keep him.
One shoots him.
When Doc tries to run.
Vickers takes the news hard.
She agrees to help McReady try to incriminate Fain.
Fain is suspicious.
When she asks him to take her back  especially since it is so soon.
He finds a hidden tape recorder and turns it off.
When they are.
He then confesses.
He killed Clark  but that his gunman murdered Doc.
Unbeknownst  there is also a hidden microphone.
The police are waiting.
When they emerge.
Fain is ready to give up.
Doc s killer uses Vickers.
Fain struggles.
Both men are killed.
<EOS>
Wilford has been suffering from mysophobia.
Even his longtime girlfriend Flan can not stand him and dumped him.
His friends bring him.
He is feeling all sad.
Where steps in ever.
There  he bumps.
His mysophobia goes away and also develops a relationship.
Wilford spends time.
Things were going on pretty well.
<EOS>
An Englishman and a Frenchman find themselves sharing a room  and fall into conversation.
The Englishman s son is.
The Englishman remarks.
When the Frenchman shows him a photograph.
It is less worrisome to have a daughter at this time of war.
The Frenchman replies.
His daughter  a nurse  is currently an active member of the Maquis.
The Englishman says.
He has received news that his son was forced to bail out.
The Frenchman observes.
There are many thousands who will risk their own safety to help a downed British airman.
<EOS>
A nameless priest is a fugitive.
Where religion is outlawed.
Another fugitive  a murderous bandit dubbed El Gringo  comes.
He and a beautiful Indian woman conspire to help the priest escape.
Taken  he is then convinced by a police informant to return to the town on the pretense.
El Gringo is dying and wishes to have last rites.
The priest is captured and sentenced  but forgives the informant for betraying him.
The priest s death brings an outpouring the authorities.
It is impossible to stamp out religion as long as it exists.
The film gained the prize for cinema at the Venice filmfestival in.
This was a film most capable of contributing to the revival of moral and spiritual values of humanity.
<EOS>
The saloon owner Barnett wants the land under the local Indian Reservation for its gold deposits.
He forms a gang to attack the local ranchers and frame the Indians.
Order to drive off the people living.
Rancher Jerry Randall opposes him using the legendary masked identity to the Indians.
<EOS>
Tribes tells the story.
Who   reluctantly reports to boot camp to fulfill his duty as an American.
Adrian naturally excels.
His pacifist ideology presents continuing conflicts.
Adrian s drill instructor  Gunnery Sgt.
Thomas Drake  quickly recognizes Adrian s leadership qualities  but is conflicted.
He grows to respect Adrian while also realizing that he represents everything Adrian opposes.
Adrian points out  indicating a sketch of a flying bird.
His love is similar to Drake s drawing to relax.
Both are ways.
Drake responds angrily  denying.
He had drawn the picture.
The training  the Chief Drill Instructor  Master Sgt.
Frank DePayster  takes an instant dislike.
He repeatedly argues about him  claiming.
The fact that the man is performing all is not enough.
He considers Adrian s attitude grounds enough to be set back and placed in the Motivational Platoon  a disciplinary unit for problem recruits.
Drake disagrees and allows Adrian.
However  DePayster had gone by filing a complaint against them both with the Company Commanding Officer.
The CO flunked Adrian and placed him in Motivational Platoon under DePayster.
Drake accuses DePayster.
Which DePayster replies I ll forget I heard that.
Drake takes the drawing from his desk drawer and hangs it up  thus signifying his own method of rebellion and freedom.
The platoon graduates.
DePayster informs him.
Drake awaits a new batch.
Adrian deserted.
<EOS>
Connery s character Anthony Richmond schemes to get the fortune by persuading Maria  a nurse  to marry him.
He employs.
Anthony becomes.
A murder suspect.
Lollobrigida s character is the Woman.
<EOS>
Harold Harry Brown  an elderly former Royal Marine currently living  spends most of his time playing chess with his best friend  Leonard Len Attwell and visiting his hospitalised and comatose wife  Katherine.
Who suddenly dies.
Harry is late to see her.
She dies because he is too scared to take the quicker underpass route  where a gang resides.
Len confides in Harry and shows Harry an old bayonet.
He is being terrorised.
He plans.
The next day  Harry is visited.
Who tell him that Len had been murdered.
Harry is held at knife-point by Dean Saunders  an addict and suspect in Len s murder.
Whom he stabs during a brief struggle.
Frampton visits Harry again the following morning and informs him.
Because Len was killed  any charges laid could be reduced to manslaughter on the basis of.
Harry decides to take matters  he follows a drug dealer named Kenny to a squalid den.
Where he negotiates to buy a pistol.
Inside  Harry finds Kenny and his associate  Stretch are also growing cannabis and are sexually abusing a currently overdosing girl to make pornography.
Stretch threatens Harry.
When Harry suggests calling an ambulance.
He kills the dealers  before burning down their den and leaving with the girl and some firearms.
Harry captures one of Noel s gang members named Marky.
Who is being sexually abused.
Harry shoots and kills Martindale and captures Marky   proving the gang s aggressive involvement.
Whom he tortures.
Harry uses Marky to bait Noel and Carl  another gang member.
Carl is killed.
Marky is killed.
Noel flees the underpass.
Marky is killed.
Harry collapses due.
Convinced  Police Superintendent Childs orders a major arrest operation.
The recent gang deaths are related.
Then leads.
Harry discharges himself to pursue Noel.
Results being in a car crash when they attempt to stop him.
Harry rescues them and takes them.
Where Frampton warns Harry that Sidney Sid Rourke  the bartender  is actually Noel s uncle.
Harry discovers.
Sid had been hiding Noel.
His guard drops due  allowing Sid to take the gun and reveal.
He plans.
Frampton tries to call  only to be stopped midway by Noel.
Who is told to strangle her after Sid suffocates an unconscious Hicock.
Sid shoots and wounds Harry  only to be shot.
Harry draws a revolver and shoots Noel.
Had picked up.
Superintendent Childs announces  and denies any evidence of vigilante involvement in the entire case  saying.
Frampton and the late Hicock will be given medals.
Any such suggestions are unhelpful.
The final scene is  now free and safe to walk through.
<EOS>
Cornelius Clapworthy and his sidekick Maurice Kelly are two elderly forgers responsible.
Musicians hide out.
Clapworthy and Kelly are free to continue their criminal activities  albeit having to constantly recite O of a Dove to drown out the noise of the printing press.
Bovington Manor is scarcely attended.
Produces the fake banknotes.
Business picks up considerably.
When Lady Bovington s chorographer nephew Rodney and his troupe arrive at the manor.
When the girls  vaguely decide - rather generously - to help Lady Bovington out by dressing as nurses and re-opening the Manor as a brothel with topless massages and ` the full treatment  being the order of the day.
This means trouble and unwanted attention.
When the girls  services bring Slasher and his heavies.
<EOS>
The story is set and concerns a British submarine  Trojan.
Is out when it encounters a derelict floating mine left over from the war.
Unfortunately  it is a magnetic mine.
The submarine does not need to hit it.
It becomes a danger.
The sub dives  but eventually sets off the mine.
It blows the stern completely off  instantly killing  all seamen therein.
The sub settles.
Had been closed when the sub dived.
Surface rescue vessels are sent out to investigate.
When the shore base becomes aware that Trojan is overdue.
The captain provides an indication of their position to these vessels by expelling a quantity of oil.
Rises. 
A diver is sent down with an air line.
Everyone prepares.
The Captain selects the first four.
They escape safely  and are picked up on the surface.
The eight remaining crew assume.
There are plenty all to escape successfully.
However the Captain discovers.
All but four have been destroyed.
This means.
The final four will have to remain until a full salvage operation can be carried out  which may take a week or more.
The Captain assembles the others to draw lots.
He deals out  to decide who goes and who remains.
Two  the cook and the 1st Lieutenant   select themselves to stay behind along with the Captain himself.
The top three  to go first  also select themselves.
There is a tie  both knaves  between Stoker Snipe and ERA Marks.
Young Snipe goes berserk with fear and has to be physically restrained.
The Captain approaches Marks and asks.
He will forfeit his place  sensing difficulties if Snipe is left behind.
Marks agrees.
They begin to prepare.
Snipe hangs back  claiming.
He has hurt his arm.
He insists.
Marks should go.
Marks and the other three escape safely and are picked up by the salvage vessels.
Below  the 1st Officer has a fainting fit.
Snipe catches him using both arms.
The four begin the wait for the salvage operation.
Above  all goes well to begin  in fine weather.
Divers manage to secure cables.
Is slowly winched up.
Only fifteen feet can be achieved.
However   the weather turns.
The days go.
Soon there is a full storm.
The sub shifts on the cables  and sinks again to the floor of the sea.
The 1st Officer has remained below  nursed with care by Snipe.
However his bunk is located next.
What becomes a chlorine gas leak.
The storm is so bad.
The captain decides his own men are at risk  and abandons the salvage operation altogether.
The three left.
There is no hope.
The film ends from a Naval prayer book.
The viewer is given insights into the personal and home lives of the crew  their hopes and now thwarted ambitions.
Snipe is married to a wayward wife.
Whom he idolizes  whilst the Captain has been offered a lucrative shore job  and had been planning to leave the Navy to take it up as soon as this patrol was over.
The reference relates to a real naval submarine.
Sank  after an accidental collision with a freighter which resulted in the loss of 64 lives.
The HMS Truculent incident took place.
Filming had been completed  but before it went on general release to the public.
The producers decided to go ahead  as a tribute to the bravery and fortitude of Royal Naval personnel.
<EOS>
The documentary follows the experience of the first Pakistani progressive rock band Mizraab  in the music industry.
Faraz Anwar is interviewed.
Faraz also discusses in music and song writing skills.
<EOS>
Gauthami is a real estate agent.
She brokers deals and gets paid commission.
She arranges a deal  for the sale of a guest house in Mumbai.
There is three months time for registration.
However  Gowri Shankar s son Kiran comes and demands the money immediately.
Kiran does not listen and wants to complete the deal saying.
Gauthami tries very hard to convince Kiran that it may not be possible to complete the deal early.
He needs the money urgently.
There is a mafia don called Sonu Bhai  for a person.
Who needs an urgent heart transplant and looks.
Who has a rare blood group called Bombay blood group.
The entire mafia gang could not get a person with that rare blood group.
Kiran has the same blood group and the goons catch him.
Kiran escapes.
He was alerted.
Begins between Kiran  Gauthami and Sonu Bhai s men.
<EOS>
Living  this is the story of Sahabji  his wife sister Jyoti  two brothers  and a.
Sahabji has a clash.
Who successfully schemes.
His brothers have now taken.
It is now up  Krishna to set things right for Sahabji s household.
<EOS>
The film begins.
Would help scientists identify land suitable.
In the same forest  the state forest department runs an NCC camp for women cadets.
Dhuruvan is a trainer.
Being a Scheduled tribe  he is deprecated.
But Dhuruvan s integrity and co-living abnegates aboriginal allegations by other forward caste officials and cadets in the department.
An expedition is organized into the forest for a selected five cadets from the troop.
Dhuruvan selects the five most insolent and disobedient girls.
The haughty girls post a complaint to Ganapathiram claiming.
They did nt feel safe and that he was responsible for whatever that was to happen to them.
Meanwhile  the expedition begins.
The girls non-chanlantly try to drive the jeep and run it.
Dhuruvan is caught up at the forest check post.
The troop decides to stay in the forest for the night and go by an alternate route the next morning.
But the plot thickens.
When Kalpana describes two white men.
Duruvan plans.
If the white men want to sabotage the space mission they would reach the banks within 5 hours & he knows a better route to go to the safe place in opposite bank within.
30 hours.
He tells the girls to go back and inform the ranger.
Girls disagree & go.
They reach the opposite bank.
They find 16 men with full military getup.
Dhuruvan guesses plans to defeat the operation.
They must be out to sabotage the space mission and makes.
He sends a cadet back to inform the officials and the rest join him.
He manages to lodge their troop by his navigation acumen.
Later he deliberately obstructs the movement by cutting the trees to distract them.
Anderson decides to stay back.
Who heads the foreign terrorist group.
He deploys two.
But  Duruvan s troops successfully kill the two men.
Anderson sends another three men to find out  on the other hand Dhuruvan s troops are eagerly waiting for them to collect their armaments.
What happened he has sent.
He decides to kill.
When Anderson finds that he has lost five.
Whoever is obstructing him move further.
But  Dhuruvan s troops cleverly plant the land mines they killed.
They acquired.
One of the terrorists steps on a land mine and dies.
This scares the terrorists.
They decide.
Anderson and one another man would go hunt while the rest would set up a camp there.
That night  Dhuruvan s troops break and seize one of two boxes.
The terrorists carry around.
Expecting it to contain information.
Anderson finds most of his men dead and is enraged at Dhuruvan.
Ganapathiram gathers his team and creates allusions against Dhuruvan among the public.
He manages to get a shoot from the district collector.
He finds Ajitha s body and perceives.
Dhuruvun must have killed her and gets order to shoot Duruvan to save the girls.
Ganapathiram  finds Dhuruvan and tries to shoot him.
Dhuruvan escapes.
He later realizes the situation.
When he sees the corpses and informs the Army head that he killed the terrorists and promises him to hand over the dead bodies.
Dhuruvan now has killed almost all except Anderson and another guy at the counter missile sight.
Anderson  this time gets an opportunity to kill his enemy by identifying their secret signals.
Fight face to face.
The girls try to disarm the counter missile at the space rocket.
Anderson is killed by Dhuruvan.
Dhuruvan finally reaches the site and helps the girls.
He increases the time set by 25 seconds and changes the direction of the missile.
Indian space rocket launches and speeds up into the atmosphere.
The counter missile diverted from its direction explodes into the desolate forest.
The troop prides themselves.
Ganapathiram is being awarded by the Indian government for his bravery.
Dhuruvan is back training another set of new NCC cadets.
<EOS>
The plot is.
He was born.
Killed his father.
Arthur learns.
He contacts.
An occult group called the Brotherhood led.
They say.
They can indeed clean his polluted blood  but.
Lucy s best friend is Mina Murray.
Her fiancee  Jonathan Harker  has just passed his solicitor s exams.
Arthur hires his firm to convey several properties  with Jonathan himself to bring the documents to Count Dracula in Transylvania.
Not long  his boss is murdered.
Jonathan leaves.
All documents vanish.
Singleton calmly admits  telling Arthur.
The young man will never return.
Jonathan meets Dracula  but survives only long enough to attract Dracula s attention to Mina.
Energized  Dracula is soon en route to England aboard the Demeter.
A newly married Lucy watches the wreck.
It arrives.
The two friends can comfort each other.
Her is Mina  visiting Holmwood Castle so.
The Demeter seemingly contains nothing.
Mina and Lucy both meet a stranger  Count Dracula.
Arthur  enraged to find Dracula  finds himself powerless.
Lucy suddenly falls victim.
Arthur s old friend  Dr Seward  suspects.
Arthur is somehow involved when he refuses to take Lucy at gunpoint to give her a blood transfusion.
Lucy dies.
Seward is convinced.
Arthur is guilty.
Seward investigates and finds the Chelsea home.
Where Singleton and others have been murdered.
He finds Van Helsing living like an animal  insisting.
They must flee.
Having escaped  Van Helsing explains.
He was employed by the Brotherhood to investigate vampires.
He found one  and was released to the Brotherhood.
The vampire would come.
Invited but wanted property.
Frightened.
What happened.
Seward confronts Arthur and the truth comes out.
Dracula manages to get.
The three go.
She lets her cross slip.
He is about to bite.
When Arthur stakes and kills his now-undead bride.
Dracula feels it  allowing Mina to escape.
Mina now joins them.
All four go.
They confront Dracula.
Who brutally kills Arthur.
Seward manages from behind.
Van Helsing panics  asking.
He got the heart and Seward confirms he did.
The vampire melts away.
The film ends  pleased with their victory.
He bids Seward and Mina farewell.
Mina has said her final goodbye  with a hint.
She may have a future.
One looks up  revealed to be the withered Dracula of the beginning.
The two pass.
<EOS>
A young comic book fan Todd Dougherty is upset.
Todd suspects his stepmother-to-be and accuses her.
When a series turn up dead.
Everyone dismisses Todd s accusations.
It becomes a race to reveal the truth.
The wedding date approaches.
His father ties the knot.
<EOS>
Until midnight  a tango class is led by Carla.
Who just lost the love.
The mostly middle-aged  middle-class students attend the class.
They enjoy the sensual romanticism of the tango s dance movements and music.
Passions grow more heated.
When Vincente s handsome nephew shows up.
Closeted jealousies and rivalries become unscaled.
The leader Carla reveals a surprising fact about herself.
<EOS>
Allan is suffering.
Killed his father.
Returning home  Allan begins to hear his name being whispered and partially sees a dark figure coming to get him.
Is he crazy or is someone really out to get him.
<EOS>
Ratnapuri is a small kingdom besieged.
The King s only daughter Ratna is kidnapped.
The King dies.
Marthandan  a member is chosen by the majority of the imperial council  including the ministers and the commander-in-chief  to be the new ruler.
However  the Rajaguru has a different idea.
Unknown  he has the princess Ratna in his custody in an island.
Ratna has grown up of her ancestry.
Meanwhile  the Rajaguru plans to do get rid and put up his stooge Pingalan as the King.
He then plans to marry Ratna himself  get rid  and declare himself the ruler.
Meanwhile  Veerabagu  the loyal bodyguard  and his gang of committed people  including his son Bhoopathi and daughter Madana are furious at an outsider ascending the throne.
People are far from happy.
Shortage are rampant all around.
Violent protests erupt all.
The protesters led march to the palace condemning the monarchy and demanding democracy.
Veerangan is arrested and imprisoned.
Madana is also incarcerated.
They are pardoned and released.
They travel together to Ratnapuri.
Sharing the same ideals and revolutionary thoughts  they find themselves falling.
Marthandan arrives at Ratnapuri.
The Rajaguru asks him to stay and should not meet his consort Queen Manohari until the coronation  citing the inauspicious placement of the stars.
The twist comes.
When we come to know that Marthandan and Veerangan are.
Veerangan is mistaken in a few tight situations.
Finally they get to meet each other.
Veeran ends up in the room of his lookalike prince Marthandan.
Veerangan speaks agrees to set right the ills as soon.
He takes charge.
However   the Rajaguru arranges Marthandan to be poisoned so with help of the royal advisor Karmegam.
He could then seat Pingalan.
Marthandan swoons.
The hastily summoned doctor does the needful and saves Marthandan.
However  Marthandan is still unconscious and apparently would remain so.
An assassination attempt leaves.
The prince incapacitated.
Veeran has to take his place.
The commander and minister persuade Veerangan to take Marthandan s place to ensure.
The coronation takes place as scheduled.
A reluctant Veerangan agrees to do so  and arrives in the assembly just in time for the coronation.
The Rajaguru is taken aback and sends his men to investigate.
The villains find the unconscious Marthandan and take him.
Where the Ratna has been living all along.
Veerangan now finds.
Himself saddled for much more than just the couple of days that he had initially bargained for.
The replacement King starts a series.
Cause a political upheaval.
He puts the opportunity  and enacts several measures for the uplift of the poor.
He is however troubled.
He is deceiving the Queen Manohari who believes him to be her husband Marthandan.
He is forced to reveal the truth to Manohari.
Perceiving his noble character  she accepts him.
Madana is killed by Pingalan s men.
A grief-stricken Veerangan vows to avenge her death.
Then it comes to light.
The prince has also been kidnapped.
Madana s father gets to know and passes on the information to Veerangan.
The rescuing forms the rest of the story.
Veerangan sails and comes across Ratna.
He identifies her and rescues her from Pingalan s clutches.
They travel.
Where Marthandan is held captive.
Veerangan succeeds.
And  the Rajaguru meets a watery death.
All is well - Veerangan weds Ratna.
Ends well.
Marthandan issues a proclamation pronouncing Ratnapuri to be a democratic nation.
<EOS>
Brendan is a shy  reserved teacher.
Who takes his profession seriously.
Away  he has a love for films and classical music.
One night   he meets.
Trudy  a bright  witty and free-sprited woman whom he believes is a Montessori teacher.
The two begin a relationship.
However  Brendan is unaware.
His new girlfriend is actually a burglar  and is shocked when Trudy asks him to prove his love.
Brendan is torn to do.
What is right.
Brendan slowly begins to discover himself  and realises.
There is more.
Review Apart is famous for its references to old movies.
The director was criticised.
Rotten Tomatoes gave the movie a 63 % rating  their consensus was The references.
Are rather overdone.
The direction is unevenRotten Tomatoes.
<EOS>
Three strangers lives are fractured.
Viewers unravel their interlocked stories with a simple click.
<EOS>
Paap Ki Kamaee is a family cum action film starring Mithun Chakraborty and Sangeeta Bijlani.
Mithun plays a Double role.
<EOS>
Archaeologist and puzzle master Professor Layton and his young apprentice Luke Triton solve the mystery of the theft of the sound of the bell in Big Ben  deducing the culprit to be Layton s perennial adversary  Don Paolo.
The pair return to Layton s office   centered around the legendary lost land of Ambrosia and the secret of eternal life  will be rediscovered.
Where they listen  a record by an old student of the professor s named Janice Quatlane  prompting them to recall one of their earliest adventures together from three years ago  Layton is invited by Janice to attend an opera in which she is performing.
It claims to hold.
It is claimed.
When its queen returns.
Janice believes recent strange occurrences  in addition to girls disappearing  the opera s composer Oswald Whistler has recently adopted a young girl.
Are somehow connected.
Who has claimed to be Whistler s deceased daughter.
Janice s friend  Melina  restored.
Layton and Luke attend the opera.
Witness Whistler play the entire piece.
However  a mystery man  informs the audience.
The opera is complete.
They are to play a game  the winner of which will receive the secret.
The Crown Petone is revealed to be a ship.
Breaks off and sets sail to isolate the game  after which the mystery man unveils a series of timed puzzles intended to progressively eliminate the players until one winner remains.
The first two puzzles challenge the players to find the oldest thing  then go.
They can see.
Where they can see the largest crown.
Layton s prolific puzzle-solving prowess allows him and a group to quickly deduce the answers.
To see the largest crown  the group leaves the ship  rowing out to a distance  taking the successful players to their next destination.
Which they can see the whole ship  at which point the lifeboats start moving.
The next morning  the group finds.
The boats have brought them.
Discovering a sculpted stone seal  party member and amateur historian Marco Brock realizes.
They have discovered Ambrosia.
Evading mentally-controlled wolves  Layton  Luke and Janice become separated and cobble together a makeshift helicopter.
They make their way.
Allows them to fly.
There  they solve the fourth and final puzzle.
Directs them.
Layton leaves Luke  Janice and two other contestants to enter it.
He explores the rest.
He s followed.
Who are quickly claimed.
Finding Melina and witnessing her apparently talking to herself  Layton realizes the truth of  and races to rejoin the others  Oswald Whistler is behind everything  having conspired with Layton s old foe  maniacal scientist Jean Descole  to abduct girls from London and use the Detragon to program them with his dead daughter s memories.
What is going on.
Order to resurrect her.
This is the fate -- actually named Nina.
Befell Melina.
It is the fate.
Whistler has planned  until Layton explains that Janice was also a victim to Whistler s experiments  and that unbeknownst to Whistler  he had succeeded.
Janice was possessed  and had invited Layton to stop her father from hurting any more girls   having always intended to use the Detragon in concert with Melina s voice to combine the melodies hidden in the seal of Ambrosia to raise the island itself.
Which point Descole reveals himself to be the true villain.
Melina complies  but  Descole loses patience.
When Ambrosia does not rise.
Thinking music is not enough  resorts.
The Detragon destroys the castle  unveiling and becoming the controls.
Descole commandeers and begins rampaging to uncover Ambrosia by force.
Melina tries to stop Descole   causing her to fall over the side of the robot  leaving her holding on for dear life.
Who knocks her away.
Luke pleads to save her from falling.
Layton duels on top of the Detragiganto  and reveals.
Luke rescues Melina.
Descole had overlooked a third melody hidden.
Again  Melina sings.
Layton takes the Detragon s controls.
This time  Ambrosia does indeed rise  infuriating Descole even further.
He lunges  believing  but merely damages the control panel instead  throwing the Detragiganto out of control and causing it to heavily damage itself and him to fall off it and disappear.
The ruins only belong.
Melina s thoughts and memories leave Janice s body.
Layton and Luke wonder.
Melina could have been a reincarnation.
Back in the present day  Layton and Luke finish listening to the record.
As Janice arrives.
<EOS>
Eva Norova goes to visit her aunt Pa.
Pa s wish is to learn.
To grow the kind that her neighbour  manufacturer Zahorsky  has cultivated.
However  aunt Pa is not.
Eva applies.
Order to steal the instructions.
Meanwhile  Eva s brother Michal   also makes his way.
Who has fallen with Zahorsky s daughter Eliska.
Eva falls in love with the Zahorskys  secretary  Jii Kucera.
Who has nestled his way to win back his stolen family jewels.
She finds out.
When Eva brings the instructions.
She already got them.
Eva returns the instructions.
Everything turns out well  the Zahorskys become friends with aunt Pa and offer her the rose growing instructions themselves  Jii s family jewels are returned  Michal is engaged to Eliska.
Eva gets together.
<EOS>
Julian is a poor artist.
Who lives in Harlem.
Struggling to make ends meet  he foregoes his artistic calling and draws.
Reaching his limits  Julian convinces his wife.
He could reach higher grounds if he were to go.
He moves.
His Edith works.
Each evolves differently -- Edith is courted by a wealthy suitor.
Whom she ignores while pining  while Julian fails to meet his goals in Paris  returning defeated three years later.
The meeting highlight.
Different their routes have been.
<EOS>
The film opens.
The camera then focuses.
She impresses the audience.
A man then tells Maggie.
Her voice is beautiful.
He seems eager to engage her.
Maggie agrees to have one drink.
He reveals.
His name is Jorge.
He says.
He is.
He observes.
Maggie s song sounded sad and offers to help her.
Maggie is doubtful.
Jorge would be able to help.
She reveals.
She has four children.
Social Services has them.
Jorge attempts to flatter her.
She ` must have been a pretty girl.
The audience learns the horrendous abuse.
Which Maggie s mother was subject.
Maggie is very worried and wants to get them back.
She has four children.
Maggie leaves the bar.
Jorge realises.
Maggie has left her wallet behind.
He chases.
He sees her board a London Night Bus.
He chases and then stops the bus.
Thankfully  the driver is able to stop.
Jorge and Maggie learn more about one another at a restaurant.
Jorge then recites.
A poem  which Maggie thinks is lovely.
Jorge and Maggie arrive  after running to his place under an umbrella.
It is raining heavily.
Maggie tells him.
She will have only one coffee and then leave.
Maggie expresses curiosity.
Jorge has displayed.
Maggie explains.
She used to have a fellow who ` chatted her  at the supermarket.
A flash-back reveals.
They met.
The audience learns.
He was extremely abusive.
He screams and punches her for being two hours late.
Her children witness the scene.
Maggie was.
Maggie then attends a woman s refuge.
She attempts to be optimistic.
She thought that the refuge was going to be terrible.
Jorge and Maggie share a kiss  then Maggie pulls away and says.
She should not be there.
Maggie then beats her head  bursts into tears and asks to be left alone.
Jorge tells her.
He thinks that she is.
A very emotional Maggie states emphatically.
She wants her children back.
The next shot flashes back.
When Maggie is singing.
The barman receives a telephone call.
The barman tells Maggie.
There is trouble and that she had ` better get back quick.
There has been a fire.
A hysterical Maggie wants to know.
What happened.
The police take her.
One has been badly burned.
She can barely speak.
When she sees him.
She is so shocked.
She is then interviewed.
Who take a dim view and question her about to whom she gave the keys.
She says.
She knows that she should not have left her children alone.
She explains.
She was not locking the kids in.
Keeping the other kids out.
Maggie then visits.
The home were Shaun is being fostered temporarily.
She expresses her concern.
Shaun has created  which depict raging fires in which Shaun is trapped.
Shaun is happy to see his mum.
Maggie tells him.
Much she has missed him.
She attempts to care  but becomes upset.
When Shaun cries out.
Jorge comforts Maggie.
They kiss and cuddle.
The next shot shows.
What transpired with Shaun and his carer.
She accuses them of trying to turn her son against her.
She tells them to leave her alone and to give her son back.
She is told  then all of her children will be taken into Foster care.
If Maggie does not.
Maggie returns to her home.
Where she sees Simon who tells her that he has missed her.
The next day  Maggie and Simon leave.
A Social Services worker sees this and warns Maggie.
She could lose all forever.
Simon tells the worker.
They are only going shopping.
Maggie and Simon then get.
Simon stops the van and grabs her.
He throws her and then she sobs helplessly.
The next shot returns.
She tells Jorge.
That is the last time that she ever saw her children.
Jorge is convinced.
She will get her children back.
He offers Maggie cake and coffee.
She accepts.
Jorge tells Maggie.
Some of whom have been killed.
He reveals.
If he returns  it is likely that he will be killed as well.
One.
Jorge has.
Maggie is surprised.
Jorge says that  ` You have to love something  otherwise you will be empty.
He wants himself and Maggie to be close.
They understand one another.
Maggie attends.
Court and her barrister feels that Maggie is competent to take care.
The hearing does not go.
They go back.
He speaks kindly and encourages her to eat.
He then reveals  he will be an illegal immigrant.
His visa expired that week and if he stays.
Jorge tells Maggie.
He loves her and wants to help her.
Maggie feels.
Love is and that she is ` not worth it.
Maggie becomes pregnant.
They attend an ultrasound together.
Jorge tries to help a neighbour by giving her dog back.
The neighbour is less than grateful.
She is rude and tells Jorge to go away.
Maggie describes their new place.
Jorge gets a job.
It is agreed.
When he reveals that he does not have any papers.
He will be paid # 2 / hour.
Maggie is upset.
When Jorge comes home.
Shaun has appeared.
The article states.
They are searching.
An ugly scene then transpires.
Who was mean on a previous occasion.
The neighbour dumps a bucket on the local children.
Jorge retaliates.
That night  Maggie smokes.
Jorge is worried.
She will set the bed and/or harm the baby.
Maggie then goes.
Jorge is and provides an outstanding level of support.
She gives birth.
A health worker attempts to contact Maggie to see the baby.
Maggie states.
She is ` coping fine.
Maggie responds to the worker s onslaught of questions.
Maggie checks.
The worker leaves.
Who was hiding throughout the duration of Maggie s ` interrogation  by the health worker.
Maggie then observes her rude neighbour speaking.
Police officers and a social worker enter.
Maggie s flat and say that they have an order to remove the baby.
Maggie thinks.
A mistake has been made.
Maggie is to remedy this situation by telling her to calm down.
Maggie s friends notify Jorge.
Who leaves work immediately.
A social worker visits Maggie and Jorge.
Who ask questions.
Maggie eventually blows up.
She finds the questions tiresome and feels that she is not being helped.
Jorge attempts to pacify Maggie.
She then reveals.
Her father sexually abused her.
Social services did little to assist her.
Maggie s vindictive neighbour Pamela gives evidence.
Maggie and Jorge s relationship is a violent one.
Maggie becomes angry.
The Judge states.
Her behaviour will not be tolerated.
He says.
When Jorge is.
He can not go back there.
He states.
When the question is put of whether or not he has a wife in Paraguay.
He does not know.
He is served with a notice of Intention to Initiate Deportation Proceedings.
The Judge then gives his judgement.
When Maggie and Jorge return.
The Judge feels.
The evidence suggests that the mother is and that Maggie has put her children at risk of violence.
He is also critical.
She refuses to seek help.
He has no confidence.
She will ever change.
His judgement is.
The children are to be fostered.
Jorge then returns home.
He shows his passport and tells her.
He will not be deported.
Maggie questions him.
He wants to stay.
She feels.
Jorge will want to leave.
He might as well leave now as opposed.
Maggie hurls objects and screams.
Him to get out.
It is then revealed.
Maggie is pregnant once again.
She is desperate to have a family.
Once again  Maggie has her baby.
Jorge is.
Maggie is reluctant to push.
She wants the baby to stay.
She has a little girl.
Maggie cuddles her baby girl.
Jorge reveals.
People would like to talk to them.
A nurse takes the baby saying.
She wants to check its temperature.
Social Services attend the hospital room.
They reveal.
They will have to take the baby.
A horrible scene ensues.
Whereby Maggie becomes violently hysterical as her newborn baby is taken away.
She is held down.
A doctor sedates her.
Domestic relations suffer.
Maggie takes out her frustrations.
She feels  and is particularly angry.
He should have been more proactive.
He helped hold her down.
Enraged  she yells  ` No wonder your wife left you.
Jorge states.
He just wants to die because he has been robbed.
Jorge and Maggie then touch hands  each realising.
Hopeless and tragic their situation is.
The following information is conveyed  ` Maggie and Jorge have had three more children.
Whom they have been allowed to keep.
They have been given no access.
Maggie says.
She thinks every day.
<EOS>
Chronos is 42 minutes long and has no actors or dialog.
The soundtrack consists by composer Michael Stearns.
Filmed  the film relates to the concept of time passing on different scales -- the bulk of the film covers the history of civilization  from pre-history to Egypt to Rome to Late Antiquity to the rise of Western Europe in the Middle Ages to the Renaissance to the modern era.
It centers but not exclusively.
Other time scales include the passing and the passing shadows of the sun in an afternoon to the passing of people on the street.
These themes are intermingled.
<EOS>
Adam Moses is a lawyer.
He is caught.
Lasts. 
Time resets.
Everything is back.
He was wearing when he was caught.
An interesting note is.
His position does not change.
He does not end up back.
He was when time resets.
Where he was when he became caught.
He could travel as far in the 1 hour and just keep going.
He could.
When time resets.
He feels.
He is alone until he starts meeting others that are also caught.
The movie keeps track.
It is Cycle.
When he is telling the story.
We see another loop begin.
Living that many loops  his sanity begins.
He begins to question his faith.
<EOS>
Seoul .
Lee Hae-myeong is a rich and hedonistic playboy.
Who cares little.
But things change.
When he falls with bar singer Jo Nan-sil  who turns out to be a member of the Korean independence movement.
<EOS>
Trooper Clerks is a parody mixing the characters with the settings and characters in George Lucas s Star Wars universe.
Written. 
The end result is a hilarious yet foul-languaged multimedia experiment.
Has captured the hearts and minds.
<EOS>
Is it possible that the Carthage Cinema Days  one  can continue shining just as brightly.
<EOS>
Woody Woodpecker sends Knothead and Splinter.
They encounter a Wolf and soon realize.
The events are occurring just.
However  things start to differ.
Granny gets a good look.
She falls head with him and goes to redo her.
She puts  curls her eyelashes  puts on a red shade of lipstick and powders her face.
She embraces the Wolf and plants a giant kiss.
Red hearts appear.
<EOS>
Haiwa is a twelve-year old boy and the son.
One day  he is entrusted.
Must be brought.
The letter is marked  indicating its importance.
He embarks but must avoid the many Japanese patrols.
He is forced to hide the dispatch under a sheep while posing as a shepherd.
Later  he is captured.
Who force him to act and scout.
Using his wits  he leads the Japanese forces.
He is rescued.
Delivering the important letter  the Communist army is able to use the information contained therein to capture a Japanese commander.
<EOS>
The film is set.
Ah Long is the town bully  known.
Have endeared him.
Who has a curious penchant.
It is apparent early on.
Both these siblings are such misfits they have virtually no prospect.
Faye Wong is cast.
Who is dressed.
Long immediately decides.
He likes his new-found friend so much that he will entrust his sister s hand to him.
The princess   can not marry another woman and tried to fend off Long s suggestions of a match  but also  she is attracted to Long.
Emperor Zheng De also leaves his palace temporarily.
Order to search.
He dresses meets Feng.
He is smitten  and begins to court her  while keeping his imperial identity secret from her.
His motives also included the fact.
He is unhappy and lonely and wants to escape the smothering influence of the Empress Dowager  his mother  who plays a dictatorial role in the actions of her son.
A convoy try to protect him and bring the Emperor back to the palace  but unsuccessfully.
He is out.
The Princess is also assisted in marrying her match.
The Empress Dowager hears Long s house.
Where her children are holed up  only to hear that they wish to marry two commoners.
The Emperor is adamant  but Long is unable to pass a ring test to prove he is the destined one.
The Empress Dowager forbids his marriage.
All ends well  however.
Long is enlightened by the fairy godmother and passes the ring test.
He is reunited  the Empress Dowager accepts him.
Happiness reigns.
<EOS>
Pooja  an orphan  is brought up.
She is excellent.
The owner takes her to his city house for higher studies.
His wife engages Pooja and does not allow her to go to school.
A strong bond develops.
Pooja transforms Mickey into an all round champion.
Pooja is driven out.
When the friendship reaches a peak level.
Years later these two tender hearts meet  Mickey to Pooja her without revealing her identity.
Mickey s condition aggravates.
Pooja prays almighty at the cost of her life.
Pooja dies.
Mickey sees the light through Pooja s eyes.
<EOS>
Two brilliant young aesthetes  Brandon Shaw and Phillip Morgan  murder a former classmate  David Kentley  by strangulation in their apartment.
They commit the crime  they want to prove their superiority by committing the perfect murder.
Brandon and Phillip host a dinner party at the apartment.
Has a panoramic view.
The guests  unaware include the victim s father Mr Kentley and aunt Mrs Atwater  his mother is not able to attend.
What has happened.
Also there is his fiancee  Janet Walker and her former lover Kenneth Lawrence.
Who was once David s close friend.
Brandon uses the chest containing the body as a buffet for the food  just before their maid  Mrs Wilson arrives to help with the party.
Now the fun begins  Brandon says.
When the first guests arrive.
Brandon s and Phillip s idea was inspired years earlier by conversations with their erstwhile prep-school housemaster  publisher Rupert Cadell.
Rupert had discussed  in an apparently approving way  the intellectual concepts of Nietzsche s ubermensch and the art of murder  a means of showing one s superiority over others.
He too is.
Brandon feels that he would very likely approve of their work of art.
Brandon s subtle hints lead to a discussion on the art of murder.
He appears calm and.
When he first speaks  he is nervously excited.
Phillip   is visibly upset and morose.
He does not conceal it well and starts to drink too much.
She is referring at the piano.
When David s aunt  Mrs Atwater  who fancies herself  tells him that his hands will bring him great fame.
He appears to think.
The fame will in fact be the notoriety gained.
Much  however  focuses on David and his strange absence.
Worries the guests.
A suspicious Rupert quizzes a fidgety Phillip.
Have been raised.
Phillip had vehemently denied ever strangling a chicken at the Shaws  farm.
Rupert has personally seen Phillip strangle several.
Phillip later complains to Brandon  not because of David s murder  but over Rupert s questioning.
Emotions run high.
David s father and fiancee are disturbed  wondering.
He has neither arrived nor phoned.
Brandon even goes so far.
To increase the tension.
Mr Kentley decides to leave  overwrought herself.
When his wife calls.
She has not heard a word.
He takes some books.
Brandon has given him  tied together  Brandon s icing on the cake.
Rupert is handed the wrong hat.
Leaving. 
K.
Inside it.
Rupert returns  pretending.
Everyone else has departed.
He has absentmindedly left his cigarette case behind.
He ` plants  the case  asks and then stays to theorize about the disappearance of David  encouraged by Brandon.
Who seems eager to have Rupert discover the crime.
A tipsy  Cat and mouse  cat and mouse.
Phillip is unable to take it any more  throwing a glass and saying.
But.
Which is the cat and which is the mouse.
He is horrified  but also deeply ashamed  realizing.
They used his own rhetoric to rationalize murder.
Rupert seizes Brandon s gun and fires several shots.
Order to attract attention.
The films segues with the sound of approaching police sirens.
<EOS>
The film is set.
The film s events take place according to a conversation between the producer  director and a random Finnish tax-payer frozen by the narrator at the beginning of the film.
William Njurmi  born and raised  is visiting the home of his ancestors.
Who were Finnish.
Njurmi escapes the Finnish welcoming committee  runs in to the woods and gets mistaken for a deer.
He also walks.
Later  Njurmi runs.
He is saved.
Njurmi is almost forced to marry a.
Steal a car and tour the country  effectively covering every.
Njurmi is open Simo remains in disbelief until Njurmi returns to the Commerce Council but not before the pair.
Becoming  a stereotypical Italian mobster named Luigi to use Njurmi s name and wealth.
Fed up replaces himself with his.
He and Simo continue to go.
It is.
The director and producer  removing their wigs and revealing themselves to be bald  turn out to be undercover agents for a party that is never identified during the film.
Meanwhile Luigi is constantly harassed.
Who are trying to get a sizable donation often pleading pitifully.
Eventually Luigi gives them a check but not.
He has seen traditional Finnish winter-sports and dated the Miss Finland.
Eventually Luigi is caught.
The film itself ends being chased by the agents and fighting them off.
They do.
The chase ends.
Where after Njurmi and Simo fight off dozens Njurmi decides to marry a Finnish girl who just conveniently shows up.
However the woman is also an agent  revealed.
When she removes her wig too.
Afterwards Simo runs.
Where Luigi had dumped Miss Finland when his wife showed up.
Simo then breaks the fourth wall.
What the heck is going on.
He is then given a very brief and somewhat inaccurate explanation.
Simo however seems to have no troubles understanding.
The following dialogue ensues  Simo  Let s go.
Girl  Where.
That s.
What everyone else is doing.
The movie ends.
The frame freezes.
The words Happy End appear.
<EOS>
The film traces the reasons  a 73-year-old nun of the Sisters of Notre Dame de Namur order.
Who fought in the Brazilian state of Para.
It also follows the trial.
<EOS>
Jewel is a young widow.
Whose ambitions are stalled to her grizzled  angry.
Anger and squabbling amongst.
The family are brought through love  understanding and the teachings of Christian Science.
Beauchamp  Cari   Frances Marion and the powerful women of early Hollywood  University of California Press  Berkeley  1997  p.
.
<EOS>
Gnomes and Trolls  an action-adventure comedic fairy tale  marks White Shark Film s first foray.
Junior  a teenage gnome  wants nothing more than to invent gizmos and gadgets.
But Junior s old school father  Jalle  the head gnome  would prefer his son follow in his footsteps.
One day be.
On the eve of the first winter storm Junior helps Jalle distribute food rations to the soon-to-be-hibernating animals.
Then disaster strikes.
Perpetually bickering troll brothers Face.
Slim execute their evil father.
Fassa s carefully plotted plan to steal the food.
Junior and his best friend Sneaky  a paranoid neurotic crow  embark to retrieve the stolen food.
Jalle is accidentally injured.
Junior and Sneaky s adventure takes them.
Junior learns.
It is possible to merge his passion.
He never knew  Slim battles an identity crisis.
He had.
Junior s mother Svea shatters the preconceived notions.
What it means to be a gnome wife.
<EOS>
Peter Colt  an English professional Tennis Player  considers  he bravely.
Whose ranking has slipped to 119th in the world.
He never really had to fight as his wealthy but not close family easily put him through studies and allowed him to pursue his Tennis ambitions.
Exchanges jokes.
Tough  he earns a wildcard spot  but internally feels.
It s time to admit he s getting too old to compete and intends  after this last Wimbledon  to take a job with the prestigious tennis club instead.
However    he bumps into Lizzie Bradbury  the American rising star of female tennis  falls in love with her and finds her interest in him changes his entire perception.
Wimbledon begins.
Gives him the strength to win again.
Peter s game becomes better and better.
Their love grows.
Her game starts worsening.
She spends too much time  ignoring her practice and tiredness.
However  her overprotective father-manager Dennis Bradbury proves determined to nip their relationship  believing it detrimental to her career.
One day  Dennis comes and yells at him for spoiling his daughter s game.
She overhears this and decides to leave him and focus.
Both play several games with different opponents and win.
But  Peter s confidence and concentration start to shake.
Lizzie enters.
Peter also manages to reach.
The night  Peter sneaks into Lizzie s hotel room and persuades her to have sex.
Initially  she denies.
She requires more rest and sleep next morning  but later on agrees to.
Next day  he performs quite well and wins his semi-final match  her match due to tiredness for lack of sleep and losing her focus after last night together with Peter.
Lizzie loses.
Lizzie gets upset and breaks their relationship.
She leaves and decides to immediately return.
He can say or explain anything.
Peter has to play the final match.
Who Peter has already had an argument  but finds himself out classed.
Lizzie watches an interview on TV.
Which Peter apologizes and declares his love for her openly.
She drops her idea to go home  and comes back.
Peter has already lost two sets and is running behind by Jake.
Lizzie reaches the stadium.
He has lost all due to the breakup with Lizzie.
His back muscles get.
The game is interrupted.
Stressed. 
He has started thinking rather than face a sure defeat.
Suddenly  Lizzie comes in the dressing room and tells him  and prepares him to play and face the fate rather than quit.
She has forgiven him.
She tells him the secret.
Peter makes a recovery in the game and wins the title with a diving volley.
He retires from tennis.
He and Lizzie get married.
Lizzie goes on to win the U.
S.
Open and Wimbledon twice  ultimately achieving her dreams.
Peter is with their youngest child  a boy  watching Lizzie and their eldest child  a girl  playing tennis together on a neighborhood court in New York City.
<EOS>
Hollywood movie star April Tremaine is posing for photographs in Chicago.
When her overly opinionated director  Ivan Ivansky  suddenly orders the newspaper reporters and photographers.
He tells her.
They are out.
Her next film has to differ to the previous ones.
April is horrified to know.
In order to accomplish this  he has decided she has to have a baby.
Her complaints fall to Ivan.
Who charges his press agent  Patsy Riley.
Patsy s first thought is to enlist the help  an old boyfriend of hers and one of the regular drivers of the PRR s top-link express train  the Broadway Limited.
Mike is at first delighted.
When he hears that they are travelling  but is less enthused when he is assigned to try to find the baby required for the stunt.
An unknown man nearby overhears  and makes a telephone call.
He gloomily outlines the problem.
He has solved his problem.
Mike is so glad to see his dilemma solved - but unknown  the kidnapping of a baby belonging to family named.
He vows to remain his lifelong friend.
Pierson has made headline news.
April s adopted baby attracts a great deal of attention from news reporters.
They are watched.
They board the Broadway Limited.
Mike has been rostered to Fort Wayne.
Where another crew is waiting to take the train.
He informs his fireman.
They make their way.
He is taking his holiday  and wo nt be returning to Chicago with him.
The fireman is rather taken aback.
When he hears that Mike is travelling.
Meanwhile  Patsy is met.
Patsy is just showing her.
When she is called away.
He does nt immediately recognise Miss Prottle and firmly orders her out.
When Ivan eventually emerges.
She re-enters shortly  but this time she is on hand to explain.
Miss Prottle.
April is having trouble with the baby again  but is nt sure.
To stop him crying.
Thinking  she leaves him and goes to the buffet in the observation lounge.
He may be hungry.
Where she unexpectedly meets up  Dr Harvey North  who remembers her by her real name of Mary Potter.
Their brief gossip is interrupted  Harvey   follows to see.
When Patsy reminds April.
Who is especially gifted.
He can help.
She confides  nurturing her very own child - and a young husband.
When they get back.
Ivan may have a point in what he had said to the station  about being at home.
Realising  Patsy rushes back.
She is thinking.
Meanwhile  Harvey is rather taken aback  almost as.
He were her own.
April tries to explain  but Harvey can not bring himself to believe this.
It is merely a publicity stunt.
He denies.
When she asks  unaware that he is fearful of losing his leading lady.
He had anything to do.
Displeased  Harvey walks out and returns to the observation saloon.
An angry April forces Ivan and Patsy out.
Mike hands his engine  K4 No.
3763  over crew and joins the train itself.
He is briefly harassed before being joined at his table by Harvey.
He is waiting.
Patsy enters the dining car.
Seeing Harvey  April tries once again to reason with him.
Harvey still does nt believe her.
She gets her way by telling him.
Ivan was the father.
Ivan soon approaches her table  and is confused.
When Harvey threatens to knock his teeth before storming off.
April smugly repeats.
What she had said.
Horrified  Ivan leaves the baby to his compartment to pack his suitcase  ordering the train porter to stop the train and let him off in spite of it being scheduled to run straight through to Harrisburg.
The porter has only just gone to talk.
When Harvey comes to interrogate Ivan.
Ivan reveals  leaving Harvey rather ashamed of himself.
He can do so.
It was indeed a mere publicity stunt.
Mike has joined Patsy and Miss Prottle on their table and is explaining to Miss Prottle about various aspects of railroading.
He has just finished explaining.
He once avoided crashing  causing Mike to leap from his seat and yell a greeting.
He explains.
A friend/relative was driving the goods engine.
Eventually  Patsy and Miss Prottle head off to help April.
Patsy and Mike agree to meet later on.
She leaves.
Mike is just leafing through a newspaper.
When another passenger comments.
He adds.
The last such crime was foiled.
Mike is shocked.
When he reads that the baby is similar in appearance to the one lent to April Tremaine  and was believed to have been heading east.
He hastily leaves the saloon and heads.
When he sees that the other passenger is a detective.
Has nt been seen yet.
Patsy and Miss Prottle have the baby ready for bed.
Miss Prottle insists.
Which she is a big fan.
Mike hastily offers to look.
While they go and listen.
As soon  the suspicious character looks to Mike about the baby  adding.
They have gone.
He will be right outside if he needs any help.
He shuts the door.
Mike pulls the baby s shirt down to look.
Sure enough  he sees a dark patch similar.
Renfrew of the Mounted is just finishing.
Patsy is so annoyed  and accordingly walks out on him.
She mistakes it in her.
Realising  Mike reacts.
He is.
Meanwhile  Harvey tries to apologise to April for his misunderstanding.
April refuses to hear him out.
Ivan   steps in and reminds Harvey  and advises.
Who had opted to stay after all.
He is a mere  underpaid doctor.
He should nt interfere any longer.
However  his guilt quickly catches up again.
Suspicious that Ivan may have ulterior motives  Harvey reluctantly agrees.
His attempts to make up are constantly foiled by Ivan staring warily out of his compartment.
Ironically   Harvey catches him out.
Every time he himself tries to talk.
This goes on.
They catch Mike leaving April s compartment.
Both are taken aback  unaware.
Mike was really helping to open April s suitcase.
Later that night  Patsy is woken.
Who tells her that  unbeknown until too late  the baby had been kidnapped.
Thankfully  Patsy has a plan  and puts Mike.
They get a chance to drop him off.
Mike takes the baby back and keeps.
Him occupied.
Shortly  Patsy comes and informs him.
The train has made an unscheduled stop.
Mike takes this opportunity to leave the baby.
The suspicious man finds the baby.
As he leaves the building.
He screws up the note and surreptitiously returns the baby.
He finds  there is a flood.
When Mike returns.
The train is being held up.
The express engine has been commandeered to take a consignment to the town affected by the flood.
The other engine  a D16  is unable to make it fast enough.
Mike suggests.
They use the smaller engine to pull the Broadway Limited.
The driver and fireman are sceptical  saying.
They could nt get enough head.
Mike however is insistent  and challenges the superintendent  Mulcany  the engine for him.
Mike and Mulcany prepare the.
No.
3673 is shunted.
The D16 slips violently.
Mike manages to get the express rolling again.
Back  Miss Prottle realises and frantically tells Ivan.
The baby is missing.
Who orders the guard to call.
Patsy overhears and rushes Miss Prottle back before repeating to Ivan.
What Mike had told her.
Realising  Ivan rushes off to order the guard not to send off the message  only to find.
They are headed if the police are sent for.
He is too late.
But almost immediately  he remembers.
He finds this out.
The baby is missing anyway  so they have no need to worry.
Meanwhile  April is woken up to find the baby.
She sees a chance to make up her dispute  and asks the porter to send for him.
Confused. 
He deduces  but kindly offers to stay and keep an eye.
When Harvey arrives.
The baby just is nt tired  much.
April is beginning to realise just  and expresses to Harvey a desire to have one of her own.
Right Ivan was.
Ivan s words are still playing  however.
He is therefore rather pessimistic.
April tells him that she has had enough.
They both head off.
The two share a kiss.
As Ivan opens his door.
Ivan is horrified   but also.
Only because Harvey went back.
They leave.
Ivan pacing back and forth  ranting and raving to himself in Russian as he tries desperately to work out a way round it.
Ivan is still pacing in his compartment  unable to sleep.
When he hits.
Excited  he heads off and  admitting  proposes to build Harvey s life-ambition - the finest clinic can buy.
He has been rather heartless up.
Science can dream.
Harvey is unconvinced.
Ivan promises to pay him the required $ 50000 and give him a contract.
He leaves the train.
The express enters Harrisburg.
They are discussing this.
Where it is to change engines and proceed.
As soon  Mulcany congratulates Mike and wishes him a nice holiday.
They have stopped.
Mike returns  unaware.
The police have begun to search the Limited.
Ivan confides in Harvey about their predicament  and is shocked to hear from Harvey.
The baby is still.
He runs back.
Where April is just dressing the baby.
He had been kidnapped.
Patsy enters shortly  and is shocked to find the baby on April s bed.
Ivan hands her the baby and forces her before hastily organising a ruse with April  as soon  April pretends to be distraught.
The policeman enters.
Ivan keeps him occupied.
Back  Mike comes to inform Patsy.
Everything is.
Patsy reveals.
The baby is back aboard the train  much.
He takes the baby back in time to avoid being caught out by Miss Prottle and the policeman.
Whom Miss Prottle mistakes.
The policemen soon come  and head back to make their report.
The baby is nt.
The engines changed  Mike heads.
Ivan  Patsy  April and Harvey try to find a way out.
Ivan suggests.
They get off.
Patsy reminds him.
They will be rounded up even if they do nt stay on the train until New York.
The suspicious man is met by another two men.
Who join the train to New York.
Back  Patsy  Harvey  April and Ivan are still desperately trying to find a solution to their problem.
Miss Prottle points out that they are all heroes.
Harvey and April realise  they just have to hand him.
They need nt have worried after all.
They will be.
Mike comes in and announces.
He is going to surrender as soon as they reach New York  to which all eagerly agree.
Patsy sends him to get the baby.
Mike  elated  instantly obliges.
When he hears that they will all be received.
The guard hands Ivan the contract and a $ 50000 cheque for the clinic.
Harvey is just signing the contract.
When Mike bursts back  saying that the baby has gone.
All six spread out to look for the baby.
Whom Mike eventually finds.
He approaches him  demanding the baby back.
The other two passengers try to restrain him.
Mike  however  is too strong  and knocks them down before hanging the suspicious passenger on the.
Patsy enters and is about to take the baby and bar her way  only to be overpowered once again.
When the other two passengers come round.
It is revealed  he had let them use the baby for the publicity stunt on the basis.
The Pierson baby had been found the night  and that the suspicious-looking man was actually the baby s father.
He could use the $ 500 reward.
The other two characters  he adds  are his brother and.
Mike points out.
What he believes is a mole.
It turns out to be a false beauty mark.
Miss Prottle had lost.
Patsy heads off to Niagara Falls with Mike.
The flustered father leaves.
However  they read and find.
Harvey and April leave.
The clinic is to be located right indicating that Ivan intended to keep April as his leading lady without interfering too much with her private life with Harvey.
She chases after another policeman.
Again believing him to be Renfrew.
<EOS>
A band of Spanish soldiers heroically defended Baler against Filipino forces for 337 long and grueling days.
The battle  now referred  is the setting of a forbidden love between a Mestizo soldier and a Filipina lass.
Who lived.
<EOS>
The film is based.
Who conquered Asia Minor  Egypt  Persia and part.
Shown are some  his invasion of the mighty Persian Empire and his death.
It also outlines his early life.
It also details his plans to reform his empire and the attempts he made to reach the end.
The story begins 40 years  around 283 BC  with Ptolemy I Soter.
Who narrates.
We see Alexander s daily life and the strained relationship.
Alexander grows up.
Where he finds interest.
His relationship is destroyed.
When Philip marries Attalus s niece  Eurydice.
Alexander becomes king.
Philip is assassinated.
Having briefly mentioned his punitive razing and burning of Persepolis  Ptolemy gives an overview of Alexander s west-Persian campaign  including his being declared as the son of Zeus by the Oracle of Amun at Siwa Oasis  his great battle against the Persian Emperor Darius III in the Battle of Gaugamela and his eight-year campaign across Asia.
Also shown are Alexander s private relationships Hephaestion and later his wife Roxana.
Hephaestion compares Alexander.
Which Alexander replies that  if he is Achilles  Hephaestion must be his Patroclus.
Alexander pledges.
When Hephaestion mentions that Patroclus died first.
If Hephaestion should die first  he will follow him.
Hephaestion shows extensive jealousy.
When he sees Alexander and deep sadness when he marries her  going so far as to attempt to keep her away from him after Alexander murders Cleitus the Black in India.
Alexander convinces them to join him into his final and bloodiest battle  The Battle of Hydaspes.
He is severely injured but survives and is celebrated.
Later on  Hephaestion succumbs speculated in the movie to be Typhus carried with him from India.
Alexander  full  distances himself from his wife  despite her pregnancy  believing.
She has killed Hephaestion.
He dies less than three months  in the same manner  keeping his promise.
He would follow him.
<EOS>
Two desperate truck drivers  Jake and Donny  accept an assignment to haul government cargo.
The men do nt know.
What s.
They find out another group.
Is willing to kill.
<EOS>
The film is based in London.
Eccentric 70-year-old widow Mrs Laura Henderson purchases it  and appoints autocratic manager Vivian Van Damm.
They start.
A continuous variety review called Revudeville.
They begin to lose money.
Other theatres copy this innovation.
Mrs Henderson suggests they add female nudity similar.
This is unprecedented.
The Lord Chamberlain reluctantly allows this.
The nude performers do not move so it can be considered art  the equivalent in museums.
It is relatively safe.
The theatre s auditorium is.
Performances continue.
The performers bravely go  to the extent of the posed nude girls resuming their poses after ducking.
The scene flats all round them sway.
Eventually  the authorities want the theatre to close.
However  Mrs Henderson successfully argues that.
This is their last chance.
Maureen  one  becomes involved at Mrs Henderson s instigation with a young soldier  one of the audience regulars.
Maureen becomes pregnant  is very upset.
It will affect her life.
However   she is killed while leaving the theatre.
The issue can be resolved.
Other scenes depict life during the period.
Mrs Henderson and Mr Van Damm frequently clash and squabble  but also show great appreciation.
The film s closing credits explain.
Mrs Henderson bequeathed the theatre to Mr Van Damm.
<EOS>
Something is dramatically changing for the small community of Brandon  Manitoba as hundreds of young men from all over the world descend on this sleepy hamlet.
Whose husband is already overseas.
He has come to train.
His friend  Johnny Crouch  introduces Lachlan.
Who has struck up a relationship.
Lachlan recites to Lill the poem  High Flight by fellow airman  John Gillespie Magee  Jr.
Which epitomizes.
What he is going through.
Lill recognizes the poem.
It had been widely distributed.
The young lovers also have a kinship.
Who sells more than alcohol and also has a husband away to look after.
The short period is punctuated.
They have together.
There is little time left.
Lachlan has to deal from all sides.
When Scotty  the trainee who bunks next  commits suicide.
More devastating is the death  Dennis  and her sister to cancel wedding plans.
Leads her to end their relationship.
He extracts a cruel promise.
When Zack crashes.
Who later seeks to tell her what he had to do.
Who have earned their wings who will be shortly sent off.
Kate remains true  saying.
She will be there when he comes back.
Lachlan and Lill share a final moment  saying goodbye quietly  with a phrase  Fair dinkum.
He has taught her.
Means  honest  real  truth.
One taught Lill  that he says.
<EOS>
Huey Walker  a hippie and a former New Left radical he did not do  disconnecting Spiro Agnew s train car.
Who has been from the law for 20 years for something.
John Buckner is an FBI agent.
Who is set to transport Walker back for trial.
Their journey forces them to cross paths up fleeing for their lives.
It is revealed.
The story progresses.
Buckner was raised and that his given name is Free.
Walker does as well.
Buckner learns to reconcile his past.
<EOS>
Professor Davidson plans an expedition to find the Lost City.
The location is contained on seven pieces of ivory.
Of which Davidson already possesses.
Doctor Bremmer  however  intends to find the lost city and use it.
To remove him  he kills The Phantom  only for his recently returned son  Geoffrey Prescott  to inherit the family identity and take over the mantle of The Phantom.
Three are owned by Singapore Smith.
Who initially steals Davidson s pieces.
The seventh  and most important  piece is missing but turns up in the possession of Tartar.
<EOS>
A man is found.
Wounded and when he awakens he has no memory of who he is and does nt remember anything about his life.
Six years later he is living and is now named Naresh Dutt.
One day he begins to regain his memory.
When he watches a film and realises that the actress is related to him somehow.
It is then is none other Rekha Roy.
He discovers the actress.
He finds out.
She is now a very successful film actress changing her name.
Her manager is none other.
Who was once his best friend.
He remembers.
His real name is Amit Roy.
Ranjit was the one he was travelling on.
Who attempted to kill him.
Amit also discovers.
His young son who is now 10 years old has been sent and sets out a plan to regain custody of his son.
First however he plans.
Amit comes up.
He meets and offers Rekha the opportunity to act in his new film titled Do Anjaane.
Rekha and Ranjit grow suspicious.
They start to realise that he bears a striking resemblance.
The storyline mirrors Rekha s past life.
Will she discover the true identity.
<EOS>
Devastated  Lily Morel seeks solace at the spiritualist community of Cassadaga.
But  she contacts something else - the vengeful ghost of a murdered young woman.
Crumbling all-around her  Lily races to unravel the mysterious circumstances surrounding the woman s death - a task.
Will bring her.
<EOS>
Kang So-hwi  a beautiful martial arts prodigy  is about to embark into adulthood.
But her journey is.
Her super-human strength and martial arts prowess scares away her fellow undergrads and even the boy she has fallen.
Devastated  So-hwi decides to give up martial arts and takes a different path.
Her father  a martial artist himself  is afraid.
Ilyoung follows her.
Who loves her.
Wherever she goes and try to persuade her to go.
But  Kang So-hwi  ignores him.
Who wants to lead a life with actual feelings of getting married and having children.
Meanwhile  the guy.
Whom she had great crush.
But Kang So-hwi and Ilyoung save him and others.
Ilyoung and Kang So-hwi go out for drink.
There  So-hwi tells him the dream.
She is getting frequently.
Ilyoung goes on thinking.
The dream is not actually a dream.
Those incidents were happened previously.
Kang So-hwi and Ilyoung were training.
Both excel in all kinds of techniques.
They grew by anyone.
Ilyoung grew more powerful.
He can be beaten only.
The villain Heuk-bong gets hold of the glorious sword named  Green destiny.
Can do the moon stroke.
Both Kang So-hwi and ilyoung went to get that sword but finally the villain hits Kang So-hwi with a poisonous stroke.
Ilyoung admits her.
There she gets recovered.
All were lost.
Then   the boy starts to go out with.
But the relationship does nt work well.
MeanwhileSo-hwi s father and his friends ask.
And  So-hwi s father gets shocked on seeing.
It was Ilyoung.
Ilyoung injures him with the mighty sword called Green destiny with a stroke called.
Later himself admits So-hwi s father in a nearby hospital and informs.
So-hwi get informed about her mother s story.
Who meets her father.
So-hwi decides to have training on her mother s sword to create a lightning stroke.
She wins.
Ilyoung is thinking about So-hwi and goes to the past.
How she got recovered.
Heuk-bong can only cure.
But Heuk-bong says.
He must become his disciple and hypnotizes Ilyoung.
Ilyoung accepts and get the antidote and cures.
He starts to possess him.
When he return.
Ilyoung was to take the place.
Ilyoung would go.
Whenever Heuk-bong was summoned.
Heuk-bong died  that s.
He injured So-hwi s father.
Now  So-hwi  goes to fight.
Successfully completed her training.
There she also gets shocked.
But   Ilyoung conveys.
All the things happened.
So-hwi just defends herself but wo nt fight back.
Ilyoung asks her to fight back.
He wants to get out.
And also he said  she only can beat him.
Both fought each other vigorously.
When ilyoung intends to use moon stroke.
Weakens ilyoung.
But seeing Ilyoung suffer  So-hwi refuses to attack him further.
But  ilyoung pleading her to attack him  attacks her.
She fell down.
Ilyoung gets hold and tries to kill her.
ButSo-hwi asks him to concentrate.
This confuses Ilyoung.
He sheds tears.
That tears relieves ilyoung from the hypnotism.
Then both hug each other and then everything went well.
<EOS>
Sahil does not get along and goes out of his way to antagonise him.
Though his stepfather makes every effort to reach out.
He meets the beautiful Sheetal and is also  at the same time  reacquainted with his childhood friend  Isha.
Sahil and Isha soon fall.
Sheetal begins to fall too.
Knowing this  their fathers arrange an engagement  to be announced at his birthday party.
Sahil  however  intends to announce his marriage on the same day.
Sahil picks up a knife in a fit of rage and almost stabs him.
He also openly declares his love.
The next day Sahil  wanting a direct confrontation  finds his stepfather stabbed to death.
All is a locket.
Is found.
Being at the wrong time  all evidence points to him.
He ends up being framed and being sent to jail.
Wanting to prove his innocence  he eventually escapes and starts looking for clues along with Sheetal s help.
However  a rogue police officer  Udham Singh is assigned.
He takes up the task  by hook or by crook.
Sahil starts going as to.
Who is the killer.
One all the people are either hospitalized or killed  including Dr Gandhi  the family doctor.
Who had testified in the court.
Who intended to tell Sahil something important.
Eventually  Vilas Rao  reveals.
Mantriji had murdered his father.
Sheetal arrives and states.
He  along is interrogating the Mantri.
Uddham Singh has arreseted Isha s father  Ishwar Diwan who had confessed when the former pointed out to incriminating evidence in Isha s house  in the form of two Kashmiri knives  missing from a set.
Isha is distraught and goes to meet her dad.
Sahil returns.
He stays up trying to uncover the mystery surrounding the locket.
Was found.
The same killer is seen approaching Uddham Singh s house.
Sahil s younger brother mananges to open the locket.
Sahil finds small pictures and Isha in the locket and realizes  to his horror.
Isha is the killer.
The camera then pans.
Where Isha is seen standing and subsequently stabbing him.
Sahil goes and meets Isha s father.
Who explains that he knew.
The psychological impact had prompted Isha  in a jealous  uncontrollable and obsessive rage  to kill him  and subsequently Dr Gandhi he had been killed.
Who had been in the first place and who wanted to tell Sahil the very same the night.
Further more  he had arranged an escape and Sahil.
When Dr Gandhi had been murdered.
Isha had done this.
She could not stand being separated any longer and could go to any extent for him.
Her father  being bound as a father and love for his daughter  had kept all of this a secret.
The police officers appear and tell Sahil.
He explains everything.
There s been another murder.
Sahil realises.
What Isha has done and quickly goes  knowing she is next.
Sheetal is unaware.
What s happened and while sees Isha standing near the door.
Sheetal discovers a knife in Isha s hand.
There is a struggle.
Sahil manages to get there.
Also Udham Singh  knowing the same reality  reaches the house from the hospital and shoots Isha in the back.
Isha confesses her love.
She lays dying.
She had been scared that she would be separated again.
Sahil merely acknowledges grief.
All had been unnecessary.
He had been hers all along.
She asks him to hug her one last time and dies.
He says this.
<EOS>
Renowned scientist Professor Henrik returns from a working trip overseas and is met by his glamorous secretary Joan.
American Ted OHara has come.
Henrik mistakenly pick up each other s identical briefcases.
OHara innocently departs.
Later  Henrik is abducted.
Who are eager to lay their hands.
They are furious to find.
Henrik s briefcase contains nothing more than the everyday bits and pieces called OHara.
They detail one to track down OHara and gain his confidence.
This she does  then a henchman appears and forcibly takes the puzzled OHara.
They tell him.
He has Henrik s briefcase  which he had not previously known  and that they are prepared to pay handsomely if he passes it over.
OHara goes to Scotland Yard.
He says.
He heard Zelinsky mention the name Weber  apparently an espionage agent.
The inspector briefs OHara to go and make contact with Weber.
OHara is followed.
Who manage to steal the briefcase.
OHara finds Weber  and learns.
He now has the briefcase but is unable to decipher the contents which appear to be written in a complex code.
OHara returns and explains the situation to Scotland Yard.
Not wanting to jeopardise Henrik s safety  the police suggest.
He should make contact.
OHara shadows her waiting.
To make unobtrusive contact  but before he can do so he is shocked to see her rendezvous and hand over some documents to him.
The scene is set.
OHara and the police try to establish whether the apparently innocent Joan has betrayed Henrik and been a prime mover in the plot all along.
<EOS>
Sylvane Sheridan is a cripple.
Who resists the temptation to abandon her.
<EOS>
Tabata leaves Futo via an Apache helicopter to his group s base of operations.
Unbeknownst  he is being tailed by a Hercules cargo plane.
A young man leaps out.
The man takes the briefcase and uses the T2 Gaia Memory to transform into a caped Kamen Rider.
Tabata activates the suitcase s self destruction function.
Surviving the blast  the rider lands back.
It causes the helicopter to explode.
Where his accomplices are waiting to rain down on Futo.
They head off to find the Gaia Memories.
Their leader intends to turn the city.
Sometime later   Philip is.
Rain has postponed the Futo Fireworks celebration which he and others were to attend.
Seeing a mother and her son Eita  he feels a bit sad with Shroud and is curious about mother/child relations.
Soon  Philip sees the IceAge and Violence Dopants attacking people  surprised.
Their Gaia Memories were destroyed.
He holds them off.
To support him.
Shotaro arrives.
Kamen Rider Accel defeats the Nasca and Weather  finds their unbroken Gaia Memories to be.
They form Kamen Rider Double to fight the IceAge and Violence Dopants.
He witnesses mysterious green Dopant saving the mother and child from debris caused by the fighting before defeating his opponents with the Joker Strange Maximum Drive.
The two Dopants turn out to be Watcherman and.
Who explain they found the Gaia Memories which forcefully entered their bodies before the mystery woman reappears and introduces herself.
Cranberry  an Interpol Agent.
Back  Maria explains to the Narumi Agency and Ryu.
The Gaia Memories are T2 Gaia Memories  which are refined versions.
Furthermore  the raining cross.
The city is the work.
Thinking and visiting her hotel room he found  the others go out to find the T2 Gaia Memories.
Philip is perplexed.
She is Shroud.
Belongs. 
Elizabeth reveals.
When Shotaro goes.
She has found the T2 Accel  Key  and Bird Memories.
Queen also reveals.
She has found the T2 Queen Memory  throwing it.
But a female motorcyclist  Reika Hanehara  picks up the Queen Memory.
Shotaro attempts to talk her out.
However  Shotaro realizes.
Reika is one as she presents the T2 Heat Memory  using it to become the Heat Dopant and driving off as Shotaro pursues as Double on the HardBoilder.
However  it turns out to be a trap.
Kyosui Izumi becomes the Luna Dopant to conjure Masquerade Dopants.
Double deals Dopants before using the Trigger Aero Burst Maximum Drive to destroy the Heat Dopant s bike.
He fights Heat Dopant being being ambushed  knocking him into the T2 Metal Memory.
He uses it to become the Metal Dopant.
Double is overwhelmed.
The mysterious green Dopant appears and spirits the Kamen Rider.
Back   undead super soldiers developed by Foundation X.
Philip uses the Gaia Library to confirm the terrorists are actually the members.
Looking over 19  Philip gets an urgent call on his Stag Phone from Maria  requesting.
They bring all cite.
However  it turns out to be a trap set up.
He transforms.
Enraged transform into Kamen Rider Double FangJoker to fight Eternal.
Ryu.
When he is attacked before he uses the T2 Trigger Memory to transform into the Trigger Dopant.
They and Accel are powerless.
When Shotaro and Philip transform.
Deciding to end this quick  Eternal activates his Eternal Requiem Maximum Drive  negating all non-T2 Gaia Memories and leaving the other Kamen Riders powerless.
She gives Eternal the group s T2 Gaia Memories while giving Philip a message.
Maria uses the T2 Cyclone Memory to become the green Dopant  the Cyclone Dopant  to save Akiko.
NEVER finishes turning Futo Tower into their base of operations while installing their greatest weapon  the.
The next day   Ryu picks up a television broadcast.
The gang takes refuge to recover from the battle.
The gang learn  the J Memory.
NEVER is offering a billion yen and membership who finds and hands them the last T2 Gaia Memory.
They are missing.
This causes anarchy with anyone with a Gaia Memory trying to come forward to claim the reward.
To make matters worse  Shotaro and Philip fight over.
Maria can still be trusted  causing a irked and confused Philip to run off to find Maria.
Finding Maria  Philip begged to know.
She is Shroud before Daido appears and reveals Maria to be his mother.
Returning  Shotaro fumes over Philip s behavior.
When Kamen Rider Skull appears.
Shotaro walks over to inspect the Lost Driver.
When Reika appears.
Daido has Philip.
She transforms and sends flying over his desk when he finds a hole in the floor and finds the object that made the hole in his ceiling earlier  The T2 Joker Memory.
Using it  Shotaro transforms.
They take the fight where the Heat Dopant can no longer use her fire-based attacks effectively.
Joker uses the opportunity to use his Rider Kick Maximum Drive  knocking her out.
Shotaro heads to Futo Tower to save Philip and defeat NEVER  attracting Luna Dopant s attention.
He sends his Masquerade Dopant illusions to attack Shotaro as he transforms and gets into the tower.
Ryu manages to use the Engine Blade to hold off the Dopants as well as Izumi and Ashihara.
Facing the Metal Dopant  Joker manages to use his Rider Punch Maximum Drive to defeat him.
Eternal overwhelms Joker and takes the final T2 Joker Gaia Memory.
He uses T2 Zone Memory to summon all T2 Gaia Memory to activate the device which will send out a wave of energy that will turn everyone into.
Reika arrives  begging for help.
The body is falling apart pushing her aside  revealing that when a Necro-Over is hit by a Maximum Drive they will crumble away into dust  as Domoto dissolves away outside with Reika following after realizing how heartless Daido is.
Refusing to let Daido have his way.
Philip deactivates the X-Bicker by force and disable T2 Eternal Memory s Eternal Requiem.
Daido is disabled.
Shotaro is unable to hold him back.
When Maria injects him.
Enraged  Daido shot her.
Philip destroys the X-Bicker while Ryu becomes Accel to defeat the Trigger Dopant.
Maria apologizes for using him and causing all the chaos.
Daido limps off to inject himself.
He assures her that he ll stop Daido.
Managing to find Daido  Shotaro and Philip fight Eternal.
However  the Luna Dopant arrives to drag Double off.
However   a strange red coin rolls up.
The fight could start.
Double picks it up  using two other coins to transform and hold the Luna Dopant at bay.
A young man named Eiji Hino appears and decides to fight the Luna Dopant.
Double goes.
Switching  OOO destroys the Dopant with his Medajaribur.
Using the HardTurbuler  Double catches up.
He was about to use the X-Bicker energy to destroy the city  fighting the evil Kamen Rider before transforming into CycloneJokerXtreme to deliver a final blow.
However  Eternal uses the Zone Memory once more to summon every T2 Gaia Memory  increasing his power.
Eternal activates his Never Ending Hell Maximum Drive  absorbing the X-Bicker energy  sending him.
He sends the blades onto Double.
But  transforming CycloneJokerXtreme into CycloneJokerGoldXtreme.
Double flies through the debris towards Eternal  hitting him with the Golden Xtreme Maximum Drive Rider Kick.
Katsumi Daido laughs  stating.
He had nt been feeling his own death before exploding in a massive fireball  with the Eternal Memory breaking soon after.
Later  everyone celebrates the defeat  watching the fireworks.
Repairs begin.
A mysterious person in bandages is seen in a bathroom.
<EOS>
The Three Bears decide to go.
Reading the newspaper.
Also seen.
Is the headline Experimental Fly escapes.
Bugs Bunny emerges from his dressing room and begins to conduct.
The fly lands on Papa Bear s head  Baby Bear tries to squash it with his toy wagon  but only succeeds in knocking Papa unconscious.
The fly flies up.
Whose conducting is ruined.
Porky Pig starts playing the William Tell Overture.
Daffy is angered.
A fight ensues.
The Lone Ranger and his horse Silver come.
When the music is over.
Elmer Fudd is up.
Sylvester starts singing.
Elmer decides to throw Sylvester out.
Elmer starts to conduct Hungarian Rhapsody No.
2 the stairs singing Hungarian Rhapsody.
When Sylvester runs up and down.
Elmer beats up Sylvester and walks back  but sees.
The audience loved Sylvester s act.
Elmer quits  declaring.
He has been humiwiated fow the wast time.
Bugs introduces The Barber.
When Porky informs him that Elmer quit.
Bugs goes to get him back and tricks him back  performing Rabbit of Seville.
Bugs then tells him.
They loved it and changes him.
Bugs tells him he ll like the next one.
He gets to kill Bugs.
They perform.
What s Opera Doc.
Bugs then takes another shot  unaware.
The fly has driven the audience away.
The fly claps  Bugs shrugs and finally bows.
<EOS>
The year is.
The film opens into outer space.
The ship  originally sent to collect data  has its course diverted to investigate the mysterious star Gorath  reported as being 6000 times the size of the Earth.
It is feared.
The star s path could come dangerously close.
The JX-1 reaches locates Gorath.
It s much smaller but with 6000 times the gravity.
The JX-1 radio s back any data but gets sucked into the star s gravitational field.
Drags the ship  incinerating it.
Japan and the rest are stunned by the discovery and  after some reluctance  send up the JX-2 Ootori spaceship for a voyage to investigate Gorath.
The United Nations band together to discover a solution  and decide.
Their only solutions are to either destroy Gorath or move the planet out.
Back  the UN decides on the plan to move the Earth out of the way of Gorath  the South Pole Operation.
The plan is to have atomic energy channeled 500 meters below the surface  then fed.
Enormous pipes called thrusters which will all fire.
But they will need an area 600 kilometers producing an atomic force equal to that of 6600000000 megatons to move the Earth 400000 kilometers way from Gorath.
This massive project meets some setbacks  but presses on.
The JX-2 Ootari arrives.
This time the spaceship brakes well out-of range.
A mini-rocket is dispatched to study Gorath.
Meteors damage the engine.
It gets back.
The atomic engines are completed and fired up  moving the earth out.
But the heat awakens and frees a giant monster walrus  called Maguma.
Attacks the South Pole base.
It is eventually killed.
Gorath is now close enough to be seen.
Clouds react.
They are drown.
The Moon  the Earth s lone satellite  is destroyed.
Sea levels begin to rise causing a tsunami.
Reaches the outskirts.
However  the operation is a success.
The Earth is saved.
<EOS>
Mike Gallagher is one.
Who is acting head.
But Gallagher is soon wrenched out into a dirty world of killing and corruption.
Stumbling.
A.
Highway Rainbow Drive  Gallagher senses something strange.
When reinforcements arrive even before he has called them.
Gallagher begins his own investigations - an intricate web.
When his superiors freeze him.
Propel him.
Implicates some.
<EOS>
Dave Malone  a British gangster  is set up to murder a rival crime boss.
Dave avoids the scheme.
Subsequently the murder charge made.
Planning to eliminate the competition and take.
Hell to Pay page.
Com The oil-on-canvas depicting the crucifixion used was painted by real-life East End gangster Ronnie Kray.
It was given just before he died in prison.
<EOS>
The film tells the story.
Who are terrorised by a group of teenagers who plan to kill their son who has grassed-up one of their friends.
<EOS>
Rappadikalude Gatha is woven.
Who finds happiness.
She marries a doctor.
Their marriage runs.
The couple are reconciled.
The film is a sharp indictment.
Youngsters get hooked.
The film is also on the conflicts and complexities of marital life.
<EOS>
Devki Nandan Tripathi is a simple  rustic man.
Who tries his luck.
He gets himself employed to a lucrative and thriving future.
The plot thickens and so do Devki s circumstances.
He pursues something that he had never meant to.
He finds himself doing everything.
He comes.
Who often find his innocence amusing and comical.
Devki realises.
They stick even in the thickest of bogs that his life hauls him in.
Devki finds himself cared for and aided.
While he feels entrenched.
The film depicts the everyday struggle.
Director Aggarwal plays the lead.
One meets iconic characters played.
<EOS>
The film follows the adventures  a skateboarding mischief-maker named Fly  his sweet younger sister  Stella  and their cousin  a cautious  intelligent and overweight genetics prodigy named Chuck.
The three children sneak off to go fishing only to stumble.
When their babysitter  Aunt Anna  falls asleep.
Reasoning  MacKrill has developed a potion to reverse the process.
Climate change will melt the polar icecaps.
Turns people so they can survive the rising sea level and also an antidote.
Unbeknownst  Stella drinks the potion  is transformed into a starfish and gets tossed out of the window into the sea.
The tragedy is immediately discovered  so Fly  Chuck and Professor MacKrill head out.
Stella s transformation was caught.
Fly recognizes the futility  drinks the potion and jumps overboard  becoming a Californian Flyfish.
When a storm blows in.
The boat capsizes and   he s forced to drink the potion to survive  becoming a jellyfish.
Chuck can not swim.
The Professor  the boat and all sinks beneath the waves.
A great white shark and a pilot fish come the human characteristics of speech by inhaling the liquid.
Using his newfound gifts  the pilot fish   sets.
Who now calls himself Joe.
They take residence and begin to transform it into a monument.
Fly  Chuck and Stella are reunited   but are horrified to discover.
The antidote has been lost.
They will stay fish forever.
They do nt find it.
Some traveling fish tell them.
Thinking  the children travel.
It must be the antidote they are looking.
Fly attempts to steal and drink the bottle of antidote  but is warned by Chuck.
If they turn back this far beneath the ocean  they ll die.
Intrigued  Joe has the children arrested and demands.
He ll have them eaten.
Meanwhile  Fly and Stella s parents  Lisa and Bill  arrive home to find Aunt Anna frantic.
They find  so they head to search.
Fly s fishing equipment is gone.
There  they meet Professor MacKrill  explains.
Who  having survived the storm.
Their children have been turned.
A showing validates his story.
The parents are skeptical.
He and Bill head out to search.
The next morning  the children manage to escape.
They decide.
Their best hope is to find the ingredients to recreate the antidote themselves.
They are found.
As they complete the formula.
Joe and the Shark get into a heated argument.
Taking this opportunity to escape  the children are stopped.
Who attacks Fly.
A tremendous underwater twister  generated  sucks all the crabs to the surface.
As the new King Crab and his army is about to capture the children yet again.
Now alone   Chuck realizes.
Their last hope is to make it back.
Showing unexpected courage and determination  Chuck carries both Fly and Stella pipes back to the lab.
However  they are pursued.
Who overpowers them and steals the antidote.
Fly manages to catch up him into drinking enough antidote to become mostly human.
Chuck fights off the Professor s escaped piranhas.
He drowns.
Joe can no longer breathe underwater.
Fly drags the jug back to the lab and collapses.
Chuck uncorks the jug just open the door to the laboratory  causing everyone to get swept away.
Chuck and Stella have become human once more and are reunited.
The water drains away.
Which a stuffed fish is mistaken.
Later on   Stella is reunited.
Playing. 
Who is turned by the Professor and Chuck.
<EOS>
Sam Craig and Tess Harding are journalists.
Tess  the daughter  is an internationally inclined political affairs columnist  a polyglot educated in various prestigious European universities.
Who has traveled the world.
Meanwhile  Sam is an everyman sportswriter.
Who worked his way up.
A feud  over baseball  develops into romance  love  and marriage  despite their different backgrounds and worlds.
Tess inadvertently breaks the men only atmosphere  and is initially confused and unfamiliar with the rules of the sport  before enjoying herself and befriending other spectators.
When Sam invites her.
A conflict arises over Tess s priorities and Sam s place in her life.
They have several minor disagreements.
A bigger problem occurs.
When Tess is coerced to take Chris without having a chance to consult Sam.
He is at first unconvinced.
When Sam initially believes Tess is pregnant.
Whom he can not even communicate.
Still  he tries to befriend the boy as much.
He can  and introduces him.
Tess learns.
She has received the award  to be given to her at a fancy ceremony.
That evening  Sam wonders ll ask one to look in on him.
Who will be looking  and is unsatisfied with her answer of I.
Sam decides to stay home to look.
Tess is upset -- she wants him to be on her big night  and is embarrassed at the thought.
The public will wonder where he is.
Sam says.
She can tell everyone he had more important plans.
Tess accidentally offends him.
Whether anyone would believe that Sam could find something more important to do.
Sam tells Chris to dress and pack.
Sam returns the child and walks out on the marriage.
Tess is.
Tess only learns.
When she goes to change.
Their belongings are all missing.
She attempts to go reclaim Chris.
He refuses.
The next day  Tess receives an invitation  addressed  to go to the home of her father and the aunt.
Who raised her.
However  Sam is covering a championship boxing match that evening and tells her he can not go.
Tess arrives alone  only to be told.
Her aunt and her father are to be married that night.
Listening encourages Tess to attempt a reconciliation with Sam.
She enters Sam s new riverside home the next morning and starts to prepare breakfast.
Sam is eventually woken  and comes to watch her.
She proclaims her new intention.
He believes.
It is an insincere tactic to win him back.
Trying to prove herself  Tess once again tries to cook breakfast  only to fail.
She knows nothing.
Sam tells her this.
Is the first time he is disappointed.
He says  but ca nt she be Tess Harding Craig.
He does not want Tess Harding or just little Mrs Craig.
Gerald  Tess  inconsiderate secretary  arrives and reminds Tess of her commitment to launch a ship at 830 am.
Sam takes Gerald.
<EOS>
It tells the story a hard drinking American  his daughter Rosa  and an outcast British aristocrat Sebastian.
Who falls with her.
They are married and have a daughter together.
The two men set out to get rich.
Herman Fleischer  German Commander  relentlessly hunts OFlynn.
Fleischer has a warship ram and sink OFlynn s Arab dhow containing poached ivory.
Later  the soldiers take the life of Sebastian s daughter Maria.
Attacking OFlynn s home.
It s discovered.
Britain is.
Allied officers convince OFlynn to locate and destroy the German warship awaiting repair.
OFlynn  Sebastian  and Rosa pursue Fleischer.
Who happens to be.
OFlynn is a master manipulator and con man pursuing financial gain.
He gets everyone   to follow his lead throughout the movie  his one weakness is gin.
The film is filled.
There are a few tender moments and Rosa s romance.
<EOS>
Animal trainer Flora finds Fernand  a former prison escapee  and refers him to manager  Edouard Barlay.
The son does the acrobatics with the manager s daughters  Suzanne and Yvonne.
Suzanne becomes jealous.
Squire Pepita is also interested.
<EOS>
ManBand.
They inadvertently create a manband  a boy band.
The television company follows and sabotages their progress.
The band  cruelly named ` Parazone   consists.
Who has boy band looks.
Who mistakenly auditions thinking it to be a Tupperware convention.
Their choreographer  TT Bags  is a less than successful dancer and songwriter Lun E.
Tune is a recently released mental patient.
Who writes songs.
<EOS>
Yuko is an innocent high school girl.
Who has a crush.
She and her friends have a sleep-over party  and a lesbian orgy.
Develops. 
Now sexually-awakened  Yuko decides to seduce her teacher  but is raped.
She meets her teacher.
<EOS>
T.
C.
Jeffords is a wealthy cattle baron.
Who feels the Herrera family is squatting illegally.
T.
C.
S beloved daughter  Vance   has a close bond.
Who is as obsessed and every bit as ruthless as her father.
What she wants more is a proper husband who can run the giant ranch once T.
C.
Is gone.
She falls with Rip Darrow.
Who holds a grudge.
C.
Believing a portion land to be rightfully his.
Vance is shocked.
When Rip accepts a $ 50000 bribe.
C.
To permanently get out.
Rip opens a bank.
He owns called The Legal Tender.
T.
C.
Is so self-possessed  he pays bills.
C.
Notes. 
One day  he brings home a woman  Flo Burnett.
Who wants to marry T.
C.
Vance comes to resent this intruder so much  she disfigures Flo.
Now.
He hates the daughter he once cherished  T.
C.
Cuts off all contact.
He decides to run off her friends  the Herreras.
Who engage T.
C.
S men.
When they surrender  T.
C.
Cruelly has Juan Herrera hanged.
Swearing vengeance  Vance travels.
C.
Notes. 
Her father s wealth is eroding.
He even goes to Flo to borrow $ 50000 he needs to save The Furies.
Vance conspires to deceive T.
C.
Giving him false hope the money.
A wealthy investor is lending him.
What his daughter has done.
C.
Congratulates her.
He declares.
It s not too late for him to start.
The bereaved mother guns him down.
He can.
<EOS>
The film is shown.
It shows.
The family falls apart.
<EOS>
The film follows the adventures.
Who is prompted to travel by his cousin Sirius.
It is inhabited.
The Selentites incidentally possess the secret.
The Baron takes up his cousin s offer and travels.
He is aided.
They are initially placed as their craft lands in a crater.
When they reach the moon.
They fall  however  the Selentites come to rescue them and take them back to their kingdom.
Where they meet the King and Queen.
However   the moon is invaded.
He is there.
Who will stop to get the talisman of eternal life for themselves.
They manage to defeat the meanies.
They are awarded the talisman.
They gain the secret.
The film ends at the end of the 20th Century  in a futuristic world inhabited by flying cars and skyscrapers reminiscing on their adventures.
<EOS>
Kajal is the daughter.
Sidhant Sharma.
Karan is a criminal working.
Who falls with Kajal and follows her everywhere.
Initially she dislikes him.
But gradually they fall.
Karan leaves the world to return to a normal life.
Rajeev aka Raju comes back and is to be married to Kajal.
Kajal leaves Karan.
Breaks his heart.
He starts visiting Tulsibai  a tawaif.
Raju learns.
His Dad and Uncle Gajraj are.
He tries to destroy their business.
So Karan is given the contract.
Karan finds out.
Raju is Kajal s husband.
What does he do.
<EOS>
Helen Brent has just received a Reno divorce.
That night  she discovers one  Laury Palmer  and a gentleman caller murdered in Palmer s home.
The killer is her neighbor s other boyfriend  Sam Wilde  an insanely jealous man.
Who wo nt abide anyone cutting in.
Helen discovers the bodies  but says nothing  she s leaving town and does nt want to be impeded.
She meets Sam.
She is instantly attracted  but she is engaged to marry a wealthy boyfriend  Fred.
Sam tells Helen.
He will call wherever she is staying in San Francisco.
He arrives and meets Georgia Staples  Helen s foster sister  also rich.
Sam soon shifts his attentions  marrying her for her money after a whirlwind romance.
Neither Helen s engagement nor Sam s marriage is an impediment an affair.
Meanwhile   the owner of the boarding house has hired a mercenary  verse-quoting detective  played by Walter Slezak  to find out.
Where Helen lived.
Who killed Laury.
The detective follows Sam s friend  Marty   and soon begins to make blackmailing overtures to Helen.
Marty finds out.
Who hired the detective and attempts to kill her.
Sam thinks and kills Marty.
He s trying to cut in.
Fred is troubled and breaks it off.
Sam and Helen face off.
Their schemes begin unraveling.
He is slain.
<EOS>
Wealthy industrialist Robert Caine makes the controversial decision to build a nuclear power plant near a sacred cave in the Middle East.
But  he discovers.
Caine can reap the benefits.
His son  Angel  is the Antichrist  who is planning to use his father s project to trigger the end.
<EOS>
Grace Rhodes is a medical student.
Who is coming home.
She is having recurring nightmares.
Grace also has to look James and Margaret.
She decides to take a semester off to take care of her family and gets her old job back  in town  at Dr Larsen s clinic.
One night  a farmer takes some water out  but finds it full of bugs.
There is a body  dressed as a preacher.
The child comes and climbs out of the well and kills the farmer.
Later that night  James and Margaret become ill and show symptoms similar.
The next day   Grace notices.
Working. 
Many other kids have the same symptoms.
All of the kids in town get worse as their fevers skyrocket.
They all begin to scream.
Some even have seizures.
Suddenly it all stops.
The fevers begin to drop.
The child/preacher begins to watch June.
Donald and Sandra Atkins notice.
Their son Marcus is acting strangely.
Later  Sandra looks out the window and sees many children standing outside.
Marcus and the other children watch.
Sandra is brutally murdered.
The police arrive and begin.
Suddenly  Marcus runs off.
The sheriff chases him and finally finds him.
Marcus tosses him a bag.
Has the farmer s head inside.
Then the child/preacher appears and kills the sheriff.
Donald finds the body and runs away.
Elderly townsfolk  Jane and Rosa agree to hide him.
The children stop answering and claim to be someone else.
Dr Larsen   recognizes the identities.
Who has lived than anyone.
The children are using from the town s history.
Dr Larsen has a vision  then he is attacked and killed by two of the town s children.
Dr Larsen s body is gone.
When Grace arrives.
She runs.
Who tries to tell her what is happening.
Grace also discovers.
Margaret s blood test does nt make sense.
The blood is decayed.
It s mixed.
June has her recurring nightmare again  only to discover.
She is not dreaming and that it is actually happening.
She flees her house and drives away.
Grace returns are at the clinic  brought there by their parents.
All have a different identity.
Their teeth are falling out.
June spots James entering an old barn.
She follows him inside.
She is captured.
Children begin to gather.
Grace decides to go.
Donald hijacks her and her car and forces her to drive.
They go.
They reveal.
The child/preacher was the bastard son.
His name is Josiah.
He was taken.
Josiah became a very gifted preacher.
Josiah never grew out of boyhood.
He stopped aging.
The traveling preachers gave him to stunt his growth.
They abandoned him.
When word got out.
Josiah killed the preachers and then the townspeople burned him alive and sealed his remains.
Josiah has found a child in the town.
He will take the rest.
When Josiah takes control.
Grace realized.
Margaret is the child.
She is actually Grace s daughter.
Grace abandoned and lied.
Grace s best friend Maryanne  is attacked and killed.
Grace and Donald return and discover.
Margaret is missing.
They do learn.
Josiah s weakness is mercury.
It is also revealed.
Josiah is Rosa s son.
Margaret  James  Marcus  and all the other children gather and offer some of their blood to Josiah.
Marcus is a hemophiliac  meaning.
He will bleed if he gets even a small cut.
Marcus  however cuts his hand  offering his blood.
Margaret offers Josiah her soul.
Marcus collapses.
Margaret is pulled.
Josiah then emerges.
Donald and Grace arrive.
They connect the barn s sprinkler system.
Donald fills two with mercury and gives the gun to Grace.
He sneaks inside and grabs Marcus and takes him out.
The children notice this and chase.
Donald stops Marcus  bleeding.
The children try to kill him.
Josiah attacks Grace.
She shoots him.
She then finds June s and Dr Larsen s body.
Josiah attacks her again.
Grace activates the sprinklers.
Shower him.
Grace slashes him and kills Josiah.
The children stop trying to kill Donald and return.
Grace finds Margaret  apparently drowned  but manages to revive her.
Eventually  Grace tells Margaret the truth.
All move out of Nebraska.
<EOS>
Gunahon Ka Devta is an action film starring Mithun Chakraborty and Sangeeta Bijlani.
Baldev Raj Sharma is an honest and diligent Police Inspector and was selected to felicitate and honor him in public for his truthful service  but things take an ugly turn.
When he is arrested and stripped.
He is imprisoned.
His wife alone bring up their son  Suraj.
Suraj too becomes.
A Police inspector and his only aim is to find out the truth.
The Climax reveals the true killer.
<EOS>
The film s central character  Ray  has schizophrenia.
The story begins from psychiatric hospital.
Ray s devoted brother Pete picks him up and drives Ray  the spare room in Pete s West London flat.
Pete is a chef.
Who works long hours that he inherited from his father.
He now has to find the time to take care and monitor the medication.
Controls the voices.
Ray is an intelligent  out-going young man.
He soon falls.
Laura becomes attracted.
Pete also becomes involved in a relationship with Mandy.
He begins to resent taking his pills  preferring to trust in the soothing properties of love.
This decision has disastrous effects on all three relationships  the relationship between the brothers  Ray and Laura  and Pete and Mandy.
Ray may cause disruption  concern and distress.
That is only a fraction.
His condition causes him.
It is the relationship between the brothers.
Is central.
Pete is.
His loving commitment keeps his brother from serious harm.
<EOS>
A revenge melodrama.
Whose wife is killed.
He attempts to kill the arresting officer s wife out of revenge  but fails and is again imprisoned.
<EOS>
Hairy and rowdy creatures called rolleys sail.
They scare the elves away and settle down.
When the rolleys arrive.
One  Milli  a brave elf girl  returns to the village to make a peace with the rolleys.
The rolleys do not warm.
She becomes friends.
It becomes their mission to solve the conflict.
<EOS>
Across the waters  arrive the Tamil refugees from Sri Lanka  an unending stream of people dispossessed of their lands and Gods  to an uncertain future with ever receding hopes of return.
Dhanushkodi  the Indo-Sri Lankan border town  is the crucible.
Wherein History is brewing this concoction and exhausted dreams.
Hope is a big word and resistance.
Three decades is washed out  a race obliterated.
There is no one fighting their war back home now.
Heroic images have turned.
The bunkers run.
Smoke rises.
Unwanted lives rot away.
The misery spills over.
Fishermen fishing get dumped as rebels  spies and smugglers and unceremoniously beaten to death or shot or maimed.
Yet  each morning sees.
The language their mother tongue.
Manimekalai  the filmmaker  Munusamy  the fisherman  Rosemary  the social worker  try hard to retain their sanity in this mad jumble.
Their interactions  their skirmishes with the Indian and Sri Lankan States  their personal lives overrun by external events - form the kernel of this narration.
Soori  a half-wit Sri Lankan Tamil   stands aloof.
Who connects through his radio.
No wonder  he vanishes is forced by the State to return to the world of civil obedience.
Munusamy is killed.
Rosemary turns.
Who parted the Red Sea to save his flock from annihilation.
<EOS>
Antonio  desperate man  a banker and patriarchal head  is killed.
Who can not maintain a job to support his mother  Dona Lidia  and his sister Marta.
Later  he boards a group.
Who plan a robbery.
They want.
Him to be the driver.
The production was interrupted after some problems  including the death of actress Conchita Espanhol.
<EOS>
This is a hurricane.
Hurricanes are windstorms several hundred miles in diameter  with a dead calm at the center called the eye.
They spin rapidly  hurling great destruction in their paths.
They re spawned  their father the heat of the sun  their mother the moisture of the sea.
The Caribbean crawls with these evil offspring of the elements  Slattery s Hurricane thus begins with this narrative by Gary Merrill.
Will Slattery  a former World War II Navy pilot  forcibly takes his employer s Grumman Mallard from the estate in Miami and heads for an incoming hurricane.
He obtains his bearings by pretending to be a weather patrol flight.
When the Navy discovers the ruse.
He was disciplined.
J.
Milne.
He lives.
An easy life  he literally bumps into Hobby Hobson  an old Navy buddy.
Amused  he nonetheless accepts an invitation to fly along into the heart of a hurricane.
Hobson stayed.
Slattery is disturbed to find.
Hobby is married.
He pretends to have just met her.
Dolores immediately suspects their past attachment.
Slattery invites Hobby to fly the next day  maneuvering Aggie into coming along  to show off his lifestyle  and introduces them to Milne and his shady partner  Gregory.
Slattery tricks Aggie.
Hobby is away.
He seduces her.
She initially rejects his fast one.
Dolores confronts Slattery.
They argue.
His job is having on him.
He soon discovers.
Dolores not only moved out  but quit her job as well  alarming Milne and Gregory  who fear she knows too much.
Slattery s affair with Aggie continues.
Milne has Slattery fly him.
Where Milne has a heart attack.
Slattery tries to save his life back  and discovers.
Milne is smuggling drugs  taped.
Milne dies and Slattery keeps the parcel.
Dolores telephones him and warns him again to get out.
He gets drunk instead.
Gregory beats him up to get back the parcel.
Slattery counters.
He has hidden information in a safe deposit box  should anything happen to him.
The Navy unexpectedly awards Slattery the Navy Cross.
Dolores attends the ceremony  but  collapses and is hospitalized.
When she sees Slattery embrace Aggie afterwards.
Slattery is called and castigated for his role in her illness.
He leaves his Navy Cross and goes to Aggie s to end the relationship.
A drunken Hobby is there  however  having discovered the affair.
He beats an unresisting Will  but is ordered to report.
Slattery sees and knocks him out to prevent it.
Hobby is.
He then steals his employer s plane and flies  Slattery flies into the eye of the hurricane and reports its position.
His warning is instrumental.
He loses an engine.
Believing  he also radios the tower.
He will crash.
He unexpectedly survives.
When the plane does crash.
Slattery is accepted back.
<EOS>
Garcia stars.
Who gives up his cushy marketing job to do something more fulfilling.
He gets.
Himself hired where Francis Benoit assigns him to design the PC99  a PC to sell for $.
He moves.
Where he meets his lovely artist next-door neighbor Alisa  and puts together a team.
Who is hacking when Andy meets him.
Who regularly refers in the third person.
The team finds many non-essential parts but can not come close.
It is Salman s idea to put all the software  eliminating the need for a hard drive  RAM  a CD-ROM drive  a floppy drive  and anything.
Holds information.
The computer has been reduced.
It is still too expensive.
Having seen the rest Andy is inspired to eliminate the monitor in favor of the cheaper holographic projector.
The last few hundred dollars comes off.
When Darrell suggests using virtual reality gloves.
Tiny then writes a hypnotizer code to link the gloves  the projector  and the internet.
They re done.
But  the whole team quits LaHonda.
Before he finishes.
There are no more funds  but sign a non-exclusive patent waiver.
LaHonda will share the patent rights.
They pitch their product to numerous companies  but do not get accepted  mainly because  the prototype emagi  was ugly.
It was now called.
Something always seemed to go wrong.
They have almost given up hope.
When in comes the lovely next-door neighbor Alisa again.
Whose relationship has been growing steadily.
She improves its look.
You have nt given much thought.
When called back from one of the companies they had pitched to  to whom they had said that their design teams were working on a cosmetic model that would be ready in a couple of days when she commented.
They agree to give her 51 % of their company in exchange for getting their product manufactured and for getting Andy s Porsche bought back.
He had had to sell in order to raise money to build a new emagi.
Unfortunately  she then sells the patent rights.
Who plans to sell the emagi and reap a huge profit.
The team interrupts the meeting an even newer computer he and his team developed and manufactured.
Which Benoit is going to introduce the emagi and introduces.
Was when they arrived.
It was a small silver tube.
Projected a hologram and lasers which would detect where the hands were  eliminating the need even.
Also  Andy reminds Benoit.
Had even been Benoit s idea.
<EOS>
Thousands has colonized other planets across the galaxy and completely forgotten about Earth.
Sol Bianca get a surprise.
When a young girl named May stows away the ship.
The crew then embarks to find the whereabouts of May s parents and discover the secrets of the lost planet.
<EOS>
Kibosh  the King  decrees.
He will be banished.
To make sure  he confiscates the Ghostly Trio s Scare licenses and flings them.
This happens.
Where they meet the Jollimore Family.
The Ghostly Trio call.
When Casper s good behavior starts to act up.
<EOS>
Ollie and his wife are enjoying a quiet Sunday.
Home until Stan shows up  eager to play some golf.
Mrs Hardy chases the boys out.
Stan breaks the Hardys  Victrola and nearly sets fire.
They are partnered with a pair of comely young lasses to complete a foursome.
The girls want to be treated.
The boys are short.
Stan leaves his watch to settle the thirty-cent bill.
They tangle with rude golfer Edgar Kennedy  and wind up in a mud-throwing battle with several other linksters.
<EOS>
Simbu is the son.
He gets and ends up in jail.
Where his own father gets him out.
A group beats him up.
He is returning home drunk.
That is.
When Rakshita comes and takes him and gives blood.
She is the daughter.
Later  he falls with Rakshitha.
That leads.
Are faced bravely in the later part of the film.
<EOS>
Selina DArcey is an 18-year-old blind girl living and drunkard grandfather Ol Pa   in a tiny apartment of a large city.
Who both work.
She strings beads  and spends her days cleaning the apartment  washing and ironing her mother s and grandfather s clothes  and preparing their supper.
Her mother is abusive.
Her grandfather is mostly ignorant.
Selina lives an under privileged life.
One day Mr Faber   takes Selina.
Whom Selina strings the beads.
Where she sits and starts stringing beads.
When a caterpillar drops.
She cries.
Gordon Ralfe  an educated and soft-spoken black man working  stops by to help her.
Selina quickly befriends him and asks Gordon.
Whether she is ugly.
Gordon learns.
She was blinded when Rose-Ann threw chemicals on her while attempting to hit her husband.
Gordon immediately develops sympathy and compassion.
He buys a pair of sunglasses to cover Selina s eye scars.
Gordon feels even more sympathy.
When he offers her pineapple juice.
She fails to recognize.
What that ` wonderful drink  was.
She also tells him.
She has never attended school  has been taught very little  and has never heard.
Rose-Ann confronts Selina for not preparing dinner on time and slaps her.
She also confiscates her glasses.
The next day  Mr Faber comes and helps Selena find her glasses.
He then takes her.
Where she again meets Gordon.
Seeing  Gordon takes her  also teaching her.
She has only a few crackers.
To navigate busy city sidewalks  tell directions  and find the restroom in the park.
Gordon receives stares.
One day  Rose-Ann s friend and fellow prostitute Sadie realizes.
Selina is young and can be useful.
Meanwhile  Selina is falling with Gordon and cries in the park.
When he is late showing up.
Gordon gives her a lesson.
To shop.
Gordon s brother Mark objects bringing a white girl home.
Gordon explains and needs help.
She is just a friend.
Selina likes the music box.
Was given by his grandmother Pearl.
Selina tells him.
She also had a friend named Pearl once  but that Rose-Ann forbade their friendship because she was black.
She also tells Gordon.
She knows what lovemaking is  as once she was raped.
The next morning  Rose-Ann urges Ol Pa not to take Selina.
He agrees.
Disheartened  Selina tries to navigate along busy city sidewalks  but fails and returns home.
Meanwhile  a worried Gordon calls Mr Faber.
Who sends his son and delivers Gordon s message to meet the next day.
The son offers to take Selina.
Gordon teaches her and gives her his number.
To use a pay telephone.
They also share a kiss but eventually Gordon backs out.
Mark   gets angry at Gordon and tells him his interracial relationship.
Is wrong.
Meanwhile  Rose-Ann and Sadie decide to move  leaving Ol Pa behind and taking Selina with them to force her into prostitution.
Selina the next day finds.
Herself abandoned during a thunderstorm  and panics until Gordon appears to lead her home.
Rose-Ann sees her and tells her.
Gordon is black.
Hearing Rose-Ann insult Gordon  Selina loses her temper and fights with.
Rose-Ann beats her.
Ol Pa comes but gets beaten too.
The next morning  Rose-Ann tells Selina and will leave Ol Pa behind.
They are moving.
Selina refuses and offers to stay behind and look.
Gordon has contacted a blind school.
Is ready to take Selina.
Selina runs away and meets Gordon.
Rose-Ann is away.
She tells Gordon.
He assures her.
She will be leaving.
However  Selina wants to be rather than going to school.
Finding Selina missing  Rose-Ann takes Ol Pa to the park and confronts Gordon.
Gordon manages to take Selina away.
Ol Pa stops Rose-Ann  telling her.
Selina is not a kid anymore.
Selina asks Gordon to marry her.
Which Gordon replies that there are many types.
She will later realize.
Their relationship wo nt work.
Selina tells him.
She loves him  and realizes that he is black  and that it does nt bother her.
He then tells her.
They will wait one year to find out if their love will lead.
Meanwhile  the school bus arrives to pick up Selina.
They say their goodbyes.
Shortly Gordon remembers.
She walks out the door.
She forgot the music box and races after her.
He sees.
He s too late and that the bus is driving away and wistfully tosses the box  catching it with a smile.
<EOS>
The film is the story of the isolated  outer islands of Scotland.
One leaves for the greater opportunities offered by the mainland  making it harder to follow the old ways of life there.
Robbie Manson wants to leave the island and explore the wider world.
Robbie s friend Andrew Gray and his sister  Ruth Manson are sweethearts and are quite willing to stay.
Peter Manson is determined to stay.
James Gray suspects that their way can not last much longer.
But  that will make it harder to help with the fishing and the crofting.
Robbie leaves.
There will be one less young man.
<EOS>
World War II has not been over.
Jack Chismore  a veteran suffering runs a gas station in Las Vegas  Nevada.
Jack is married.
Stepfather s three daughters including Rose  a teenager at an impressionable age.
Lily s sister  Starr  has come and comes to live with them  upsetting the routine of.
What is already a small and cramped house.
Lily lands a job and ca nt tell Jack  or the girls.
When the military is conducting atomic-bomb testing nearby.
This angers and frustrates Jack.
Who takes his anger out.
It is Jack.
When Rose runs away.
Who shows the most courage and concern.
<EOS>
The film is an enactment.
The boy sits.
A young woman named Buttercup lives in the fictional country of Florin.
He answers.
Whenever she gives her farmhand Westley an order.
You wish  and happily complies.
Eventually she realizes.
He loves her and admits her love.
Westley leaves to seek his fortune.
They can marry.
His ship is attacked.
Who has a reputation.
Five years later  believing Westley dead  Buttercup reluctantly agrees to marry Prince Humperdinck  heir.
She is kidnapped by three outlaws  an extremely short Sicilian boss named Vizzini  a Turkish giant  and a Spanish master fencer named Inigo Montoya.
Vizzini discovered.
Who seeks revenge.
The outlaws are pursued.
The man catches up to the outlaws at the top of the Cliffs of Insanity.
Where he first defeats Inigo before knocking him unconscious.
He then defeats Fezzik by choking him from behind.
He blacks out.
Finally  he defeats Vizzini by tricking him into drinking from a poisoned chalice  and so captures Buttercup.
She becomes enraged for killing Westley and shoves him into a gorge after telling him.
When he tells her he is Roberts.
He should die too.
She realizes.
He is Westley himself when he replies As you wish.
O.
U.
S.
Fire spouts  and lightning sand.
Buttercup agrees to return in exchange for Westley s release.
When they are captured.
Humperdinck secretly has Rugen imprison and torture Westley.
He promises to search.
When Buttercup expresses unhappiness.
His real plan is to start a war by killing Buttercup and framing them for her death.
She taunts his cowardice and feelings.
Buttercup realises that Humperdinck has no intention.
Enraged  Humperdinck tortures Westley.
Meanwhile  Inigo and Fezzik meet.
When Humperdinck orders a gang of goons to arrest the thieves.
Fezzik informs Inigo.
Inigo decides.
They need the man.
He decides and follows them.
When he hears cries.
They must be.
Inigo and Fezzik arrive to find Westley dead  but bring him to a miracle man named Miracle Max  reviving him to a state of heavy paralysis.
Who explains that Westley is only mostly dead.
Westley  Inigo  and Fezzik invade the castle  prompting Humperdinck to order a drastically-abridged version  rushing Buttercup to her chambers.
Inigo finds and duels.
He is able to maintain his focus by repeatedly reciting his long-rehearsed greeting of vengeance and eventually manages to slay his nemesis.
Westley finds Buttercup.
Who is about to commit suicide  and assures her that her marriage is invalid because she never said I do.
Westley bluffs his way out and manages to have Humperdinck tied to a chair  left to contemplate his cowardice.
When confronted.
Triumphant  he then rides away on four white horses.
Fezzik conveniently discovers.
The story ends sharing a very passionate kiss.
The grandfather then closes the book and prepares to leave.
The boy asks him to read the story again the next day.
The grandfather smiles and replies.
You wish.
<EOS>
Viola Drayton is a girl.
Her father goes off to help soldiers in World War I and leaves Viola in care of his attorney Mr Nevinson.
He sends the Nevinsons $ 30000 to spend.
The Nevinsons decide to keep the money.
When word reaches town Mr Drayton has been killed.
Viola now lives.
One day runs away.
She joins the chorus  but yet again is treated brutally.
She leaves the theater  still dressed.
A waif notices her and thinks.
She is a real fairy.
He takes her.
Later  it appears.
Mr Drayton is still alive.
The Nevinsons reach out a reward.
Who returns her.
They eventually have to pay back Mr Drayton.
Meanwhile  a police man notices Viola and reunites her.
Turner Classic Movies Review.
<EOS>
The movie is.
Who lives.
His family faces a crisis.
His father  Paul  suffers.
His mother  Sue  is an English teacher.
Whose salary is only enough to pay the rent.
Izzy is trying to find ways to escape his problems.
Izzy does not steal things  instead he eats.
Food  moves  writes words on walls  takes showers  and burn pieces of paper.
Izzy hangs out.
Who are hoodlums.
Sue decides to bring Paul back home and take care by herself.
When Paul s medical insurance is running out.
He gets caught.
When Izzy tries again to break in.
When the homeowners are at home having sex.
Izzy is subsequently taken.
<EOS>
Kim Won-kang is a former soccer prospect.
Whose life did not turn out quite as he had hoped.
He heads.
Where he thinks there will be plenty.
One day  he sees a group.
Thinking  he opens a sports equipment store  but realizes.
He can score.
None can afford those fancy shoes or jerseys.
Again  despaired  he is about to close up the store.
Then  he decides to teach the kids.
To play ball.
Penniless and  they decide to compete at the International Youth Soccer Championship in Japan.
<EOS>
A backwoodsman named.
Adam Pontipee and his new bride Milly agreed to marry.
Milly is surprised to learn.
Adam is one.
The brothers have been named alphabetically.
Are  Adam  Benjamin  Caleb  Daniel  Ephraim  Frank  and Gideon.
All have red hair and are well over six feet tall  except Gideon.
Who is younger and shorter.
Milly teaches Adam s rowdy  ill-behaved younger brothers manners and social mores.
She also shows them.
To dance.
The brothers have a hard time changing from their mountain man ways.
Eventually each comes to see.
The only way he will get a girl is to do things Milly s way.
They are able to test their new manners and  fortunately  the girls take a fancy to the brothers as well.
Where they meet six girls they like.
However  the girls already have suitors.
Who jealously taunt the brothers.
The brothers try to resist and remember Milly s teaching.
Adam refuses to let himself be pushed around.
Who he sees.
The rival suitors finally go too far.
A fierce brawl ensues.
Wherein the brothers dominate their physically weaker rivals.
They are banished after destroying the barn in the process.
The brothers do not start the fight.
Winter arrives.
Adam reads his brothers the story and tells them.
They should stop moping around and take whatever action is necessary to get their women back.
Aided  the brothers kidnap the girls  then cause an avalanche.
That they can not be followed.
They have  however  forgotten to kidnap a preacher.
Milly is furious.
Are the girls.
Milly consigns the brothers.
The girls live.
Adam  surprised and offended  leaves for the trapping cabin further up the mountain to live out the winter by himself.
Months pass.
The girls vent their frustration and resentment.
Have rocks.
The girls have forgiven and fallen in love with the brothers.
Who are now allowed to court them.
Milly gives birth.
Gideon rides to inform Adam about his daughter s arrival and asks him to come home.
Adam refuses to do so  saying.
He had said he would return home only when the snow had melted enough.
The pass was open once more.
Having time to think  Adam returns home in the spring just as the pass is opening and reconciles with Milly.
He has become aware of.
Worried the townspeople would be.
Realizing  Adam tells his brothers.
He was wrong to tell his brothers to kidnap the girls.
They need to take the girls back in the town.
His brothers do not want to do so.
The girls do not want to return  either -- they all want to stay at the farm with their new suitors and thus go and hide.
That they will not be taken back home.
Adam tells his brothers to go and bring them back.
When Milly discovers that the girls are not.
The townspeople arrive.
The fathers get the wrong impression  believing.
Their daughters are being assaulted  and charge.
Alice s father   hears baby Hannah cry  and worries.
Who is a preacher.
The baby might belong.
The fighting is finally sorted out.
They intend to hang them.
Alice s father asks the girls.
Whose baby he heard.
They all decide  simultaneously  to claim the baby.
This misinformation gives the girls and the brothers their fondest wish -- the townspeople insist.
All six couples marry immediately.
<EOS>
Cynical newspaper reporter George Beckworth is at a Special Forces briefing about the American military involvement in the war in Vietnam.
The briefing includes a demonstration and explanation.
The film s first scene illustrates.
Contention when Green Beret tour guides show civilian visitors to the U.
S.
Infantry School the Soviet - and Chinese-made weapons issued.
Skeptical civilians and journalists are told.
Multinational Communism is what the U.
S.
Will be fighting  weapons and equipment  captured from North Vietnamese soldiers and Viet Cong guerrillas  originating in the Soviet Union  Communist Czechoslovakia  and Communist China.
Beckworth remains skeptical about the value of intervening in Vietnam s civil war.
Reporter Beckworth replies  prompting a discourteous acknowledgement.
When asked if he had ever been to Southeast Asia.
He had not.
Realizing his ignorance  Beckworth decides to go in-country to report.
What he finds there so he may better his argument that America needs to stop participating.
Colonel Kirby is posted.
One A-Team is to replace a team.
The other A-Team is to form a counter guerilla Mike force.
Kirby intercepts a Spc.
Selecting his teams.
Petersen.
Who is scrounging.
Realizing Petersen s skills  Kirby promotes him and brings him.
Arriving  they meet Beckworth.
Whom Kirby allows to join them where he witnesses the humanitarian aspect of the Special Forces mission.
Still  he remains skeptical.
S.
S need to be there.
He changes his mind upon the SF camp  admitting.
He probably will be fired for filing a story supporting the American war.
Petersen befriends a young native boy named Hamchuck  a war orphan.
Who has no family at the basecamp.
The dog is killed.
The boy tearfully buries his faithful companion.
Symbolically  the boy uses the stick.
He had used to dig the dog s grave.
The stick is knocked away  leaving an unmarked grave.
The soldiers rush.
Beckworth temporarily disappears from the story  while Col.
Mike Kirby leads a team on a top-secret kidnap mission capturing a very important NVA field commander.
Who lives  eats  and drinks very well   while the common people go hungry  cold  and naked.
Kirby s ARVN counterpart Colonel Cai uses his.
The raid is successful - many of the men are killed and left behind  including Petersen.
Beckworth watches.
Hamchuck awaits the return.
He realizes the toll.
Hamchuck runs crying to helicopter  searching for Petersen.
Kirby   walks over to the boy and tells him the sad news.
Hamchuck asks plaintively .
What will happen now.
You re.
What this thing s all about.
The two walk holding hands into the sunset.
<EOS>
New England schoolteacher Nancy Willows leaves her school and fiancee David Parker William Leslie to go.
Her neighbours are an easy going singer named Jerry Dennis and his hot headed songwriter roommate Marty Adams.
Who is incapable.
<EOS>
The main character  John  has just been dumped.
He then becomes acquainted.
The sisters know a strange amount.
It soon becomes clear.
He is being entrapped.
<EOS>
An alien presence briefly assumes control of the crew s minds.
They awaken safely but notice.
An unexplained long period has passed by.
They find a forested land oddly like our own.
This forest is surrounded.
One pushes his arm through the barrier  only to have it frozen.
New features and forms begin to appear each time.
They are imagined.
Soon  however  the crew discover.
They have been the victims by a one-eyed brain living in a cave.
The brain plans to possess the astronauts  bodies and have them take it back.
Where it will implement a plan.
The crew finally outwits the supposedly mind-reading creature.
<EOS>
Vanchinathan is naturally the supercop.
Who has been transferred.
He is someone.
Who is not averse  as long as the person is evil and will not be punished by the law.
Chidambaram is a newspaper magnate.
Who thrives.
Their enmity becomes personal.
When Chidambaram challenges Vanchinathan to arrest him when he cleverly commits a murder in front of Vanchi s own eyes.
<EOS>
Captain Aditya Arya  is.
Adit is sent undercover to rescue the president and his daughter  Kinjal.
When the Indian president is kidnapped.
Aditya becomes a journalist  and manages to make his way to Switzerland with the help of a RAW agent called Bhatnagar.
Aditya meets Alisha.
Alisha is a singer  and has come under a contract in order to do a show with  Sam Hans.
Her friend Shilpa accompanies her.
However the people  are drug smugglers.
Who Alisha and Shilpa have come with.
Shilpa is murdered.
When she finds this out.
Alisha pretends.
She knows nothing.
She meets up.
Together they help each other.
Aditya saves.
The president and Alisha is able to go back with Aditya.
<EOS>
The film revolves.
Who has horrible nightmares every time she goes to sleep.
She soon realizes.
Her dreams are predictions.
She and her friends then set off to stop him.
<EOS>
The Grande Dame of France  an elderly aristocrat  summons The Brothers Grimm to tell them the real story of the little cinder girl.
She shows them a portrait  named Danielle de Barbarac  and a glass slipper  and begins her tale.
Danielle  a little girl  lives with her widowed father  Auguste.
Who shares.
He brings home a new wife  the haughty Baroness Rodmilla de Ghent.
Who has two daughters.
He has a heart attack soon after  and professes his love for Danielle rather than Rodmilla.
Who envies Danielle and treats her thereafter.
Marguerite is as cruel.
Jacqueline is kind and gentle.
Ten years later   Danielle catches a man stealing her father s horse.
She unseats him  but is horrified to learn.
He is Henry  the Crown Prince  trying to escape the responsibilities of court.
He buys her silence.
She decides she will use to rescue an elderly servant sold to pay the household s debts.
She dresses and goes to court to ransom the servant.
Where she encounters the Prince again.
She argues and quotes Thomas More s Utopia.
The jailor refuses to release the servant.
Henry is so captivated.
He orders the man released and begs.
She evades his pleas and leaves him.
It s plain.
When Henry returns the horse.
Rodmilla intends to match her daughter Marguerite  despite the marriage his parents have arranged with the Spanish royals.
The King strikes a bargain  telling Henry to choose his own bride.
They give a ball.
He will choose.
Henry meets Danielle.
Where he is arguing.
Again she runs away.
Gustave  is staying.
Looking soon after Henry finds Danielle s childhood friend.
Who knows the whole story  and tells him Nicole de Lancret.
Danielle agrees to accompany him.
When he arrives.
They are accosted en route.
They kiss.
They agree to meet the next day.
She returns home so late.
She loses her temper  then punches Marguerite in the eye when she discovers Marguerite intends to take her mother s wedding dress and wear it to the masque.
She is beaten.
Danielle is so disheartened.
When she meets Henry later.
She is unable to tell him the truth and runs away once more.
That same day  the Queen asks Marguerite and Rodmilla.
They know the mysterious Comtesse de Lancret.
They realize.
It must be Danielle.
Rodmilla tells the Queen.
The Comtesse has gone to marry someone else.
The Comtesse s wedding dress has disappeared.
When they return.
Rodmilla thinks  so she locks her.
Danielle plans.
The servants get word through Gustave.
He frees her and makes her a pair to match her mother s wedding dress and her glass slippers  so she can go to the masque.
Danielle arrives.
Before the King announces Henry s engagement.
Rodmilla accuses her.
She can tell him the truth.
Henry is so shocked.
He spurns Danielle  saying that she s.
Tearfully  Danielle flees  losing a slipper.
Henry decides to marry the Spanish Princess  but calls it.
When he sees how distraught she is.
He goes  but learns from Jacqueline.
Danielle has been sold  but finds she has freed herself.
Realizing  he asks her to forgive him and to marry him.
He loved her.
She agrees happily.
They kiss.
The next day  Rodmilla and Marguerite are summoned and charged with lying to the Queen.
The Queen strips Rodmilla of her title and sentences.
Her and Marguerite to be banished unless someone will speak for them.
Henry introduces her.
When Danielle steps forward.
She asks  so Marguerite and Rodmilla are sent to serve out their lives.
They receive the same courtesy they showed her.
Jacqueline is matched.
Danielle and Henry live happily ever.
The Grande Dame tells The Brothers Grimm.
The point  gentlemen  is that they lived.
<EOS>
Rob discovers.
The only way to help his father cope is to force his affection onto him.
<EOS>
Bruno  Michele  and Tonino are engaged in mischief.
Giuseppe Barra  Giuseppe s a big baby.
A local simpleton and peeping tom  who is seen spying  is surprised when the three boys appear behind him and yell out.
Meanwhile   is conducting sinister black magic ceremonies  first by digging up the skeletal remains of an infant  and then plunging pins through the heads of three tiny clay dolls.
It makes it clear.
These are the three youths taunting Giuseppe.
His housekeeper mother urges him to deliver some orange juice a young woman from Milan.
When Michele returns home.
Who is lying low after a drug scandal.
Patrizia offers undefined sexual favors.
When she s shown sexually taunting Michele.
A media circus begins from all over Italy converge on the town.
When Bruno goes missing.
One is Andrea Martelli a sharp-witted journalist from Rome.
Whose insights are acknowledged by the regional police commissioner working with the collaboration of the village chief of police Captain Modesti.
Giuseppe is soon arrested.
When he s found.
He protests his innocence and claims to have only discovered the body and then phoned his parents to extract a ransom.
The police realize.
When the dead body is found.
Giuseppe is innocent.
Michele sneaks out of his house to meet with someone.
He speaks over the phone and is strangled by an unseen assailant and his body found the following morning.
Martelli befriends Patrizia.
Whom he recognizes.
Patrizia is considered a whore with halter-tops and.
Martelli also meets.
Don Alberto runs a boys group.
He also encourages the boys to play soccer to keep them out of trouble.
Don Alberto is known and respected.
But Aurelia is a dour mysterious woman.
A villager confides.
She is only tolerated because she is the priest s mother.
Elsewhere  Captain Modesti and his aide meet.
Who practices black magic and offers charms and potions.
He tells the police.
He has passed his knowledge time with the thrill-seeking Patrizia.
He is also rumored to have had a baby with Magiara.
Angered.
She gleefully confesses to the murders.
However  it seems.
She believes her voodoo dolls and incantations have merely brought.
She professes to have no interest or awareness.
An alibi provided sighting Magiara miles away from the latest murder scene clinches her legal innocence.
She is released.
Nonetheless  the hostile and superstitious villagers are not convinced.
The so-called witch is set upon by a mob of men.
Who beat her and leave her for dead.
The mortally-wounded Magiara drags herself.
Where she futilely tries to flag down a car.
The following day  another boy is found murdered  drowned.
Patrizia herself becomes a suspect.
When Martelli finds her gold-plated cigarette lighter and while being interrogated refuses to supply an alibi for the nights of each killing.
She s forced to admit.
She traveled to buy marijuana and the police release her.
Martelli and Patrizia become more determined to track down the killer.
Martelli learns.
Don Alberto s mother has another young child  a six-year-old girl born mentally challenged.
Martelli is convinced.
The little girl is a witness after seeing her compulsively pulls the heads off her dolls  as if doing an imitation of the strangulations.
One doll s head  that  is found near the latest crime scene.
But Martelli and Patrizia wonder  is the killer the priest or his mother.
Aurelia is found barely conscious begging them to help her stop her insane son.
When they arrive.
Don Alberto is the killer  he strangled the boys   but to prevent them from committing sin  as well as to save them from the horrors of sexuality  thus sending them to Heaven with clean souls.
When they grew up.
Don Alberto tries to throw his little sister  a witness  off a cliff.
Martelli arrives.
The insane priest loses his footing and falls of the cliff to a gruesome death.
<EOS>
Enteng has a reason to gloat  business is thriving.
He thinks Ina Magenta will get off his case.
And she does  but  her newest cosmetic trick is a disaster.
It s affecting the whole.
Satana sees this to put her plans in place  starting with a lizard.
Who poses.
The Kabisotes must keep together.
As they deal so that they can fight as a family against evil.
<EOS>
Igor Davidov  an international journalist  possesses dangerous information  including an Army General  a State Duma elected official and a well-known nuclear scientist.
Who plan to sell weapon grade uranium.
The traitors realise.
Someone has leaked their plans.
They trace the leak.
Events turn nasty.
The villainous General Astrahantsev kidnaps the children  the nuclear scientist is murdered.
The conspirators succeed.
Both men   soon find themselves.
Who had not previously met.
They try to discover the real reasons in prison.
Then they escape from the camp to seek justice.
They face many more tests  not everyone will live.
<EOS>
The themes include politics  corruption and the common man.
A man named.
Raja arrives.
Meets Shekhar   and Sonia.
Who works.
Who works.
Raja helps Sonia escape from an attack by a group working for another drug dealer called Rajan Nayak  the enemy of Baba Kadam.
The two eventually fall.
Is particularly difficult for North Indians  Raja petitions Shrivastav  a North Indian politician.
Who exploits common people  for help.
The drug mafia is assisted by politicians.
The media want to reveal the corruption prevalent.
Raja is marked for death by Rajan Nayak.
Who contracts a police inspector to kill both him and Sonia.
However the Inspector fails and is killed.
The police pursue Raja and Sonia.
Who are also running.
Raja attempts to get help  to no avail.
Even Sonia s boss  Baba Kadam  abandons the pair.
Pushed  Raja resolves to kill all involved   the new husband of Raja s village sweetheart  to kill Srivastva.
Which he is helped.
A lesson is the story.
Raja and Sonia will escape law and teach the criminals.
Movie Blog  Movie Preview  Desh Drohi.
<EOS>
John Whitney  an anthropologist  is studying a newly-discovered tribe in South America  and drinks a soup made for him by the tribesmen.
A short time later  he is seen accosting the captain  asking.
The shipment he has sent back be unloaded from the ship.
Whitney sneaks aboard.
When the captain informs him that it s too late because the ship is about to leave.
Whitney searches.
The ship leaves the dock.
When he does not find what he s looking.
Six weeks later  the ship arrives  with its crew missing.
Chicago PD homicide detective Lieutenant Vincent DAgosta is assigned to investigate the ship.
His partner  Sgt.
Hollingsworth is sure.
The crew s disappearance is drug-related  but Lt.
DAgosta opens the bilge hatch and finds dozens and severed heads inside.
Dr Margo Green  an evolutionary biologist  arrives at the Museum.
Is planning a gala opening.
She and her mentor  Dr Frock examine Whitney s crates.
Are curiously empty.
Noticing a strange fungus growing  Margo decides to save some for analysis.
That night  security guard Fred Ford is gruesomely murdered.
Lt.
DAgosta investigates the murder and puzzles.
He orders  Dr Cuthbert.
He believes the killer may still be.
It closed until the police have finished searching.
Margo analyzes the fungus and finds.
It is loaded.
Opening the container  she finds a beetle.
Crawled inside and has grown.
The autopsy reveals the bizarre fact.
The killer tore open his skull and extracted the hypothalamus.
An examination reveals the same condition.
Lt.
DAgosta is not sure.
What to make.
Then the police teams find a derelict hiding.
Who is shot when he attacks the officers.
When the derelict is found to be a convicted felon   and has Ford s wallet in his pocket  everyone except Lt.
DAgosta considers.
The case closed.
The lieutenant has to give.
When the Mayor him to let the gala opening go on.
DAgosta insists  while doing one last search of the basement tunnels.
Dr Frock and Margo are the last ones  and are unfortunately trapped inside.
When the wing is sealed.
DAgosta and his officers are attacked.
The lieutenant tells Hollingsworth to run back and evacuate the museum.
It is too late  the headless body tumbles from an air conditioning vent into the heart of the crowd  causing a panic.
All the museum s alarms are tripped.
Their security system goes haywire  closing the fire doors and trapping a small group inside.
As the power fails.
Alone  Lt.
DAgosta finds his way  and discovers Margo and Dr Frock.
All three are then attacked by their antagonist  the real Kothoga  an enormous chimeric beast.
They barely manage to close a steel door  trying to batter through.
The monster wounds itself.
Margo theorizes.
The Kothoga must have been some much smaller animal that mutated.
Dr Frock excitedly expands  without the leaves to eat  the Kothoga s closest substitute for the hormones contained.
Them is to extract and eat human hypothalami.
The tribe must have discovered the properties  and used them to turn an animal into a weapon of war.
Whitney was studying.
Would eventually die when it had no more humans to kill.
Lt.
DAgosta finds.
A radio and orders Hollingsworth to lead the trapped museum guests.
A few guests refuse to go  preferring to wait to be opened from the outside.
But the Kothoga returns these guests  as well as several S.
W.
A.
T.
Officers entering.
Margo analyzes the Kothoga s blood and guesses.
They can kill it.
She and Lt.
DAgosta collect the remaining leaves  but discover.
Dr Frock has already been killed.
Making their way.
DAgosta baits a trap  luring the Kothoga away from the party escaping via the coal tunnel.
Who successfully escape the museum.
But liquid nitrogen has no effect.
Margo and DAgosta flee back.
DAgosta tells her to lock herself inside.
He stays behind to stop the creature.
Her computer signals  the Kothoga was not sent back  it is John Whitney  mutated after innocently drinking a soup made from the leaves  fed to him by the hostile tribesmen.
She pleads.
It has completed the analysis.
The Kothoga smashes.
As she realizes this.
The lieutenant is trapped.
Margo runs  chased by the creature  and manages to start an explosive fire.
Destroys it  while she survives.
Dawn comes  Lt.
DAgosta and a team break into the lab  see the charred remains of the Kothoga  and rescue Margo from the tank.
<EOS>
Summer 2006  Kinshasa.
Martini  Jeannette  Helene and Rosette spend everyday sparring  the same one matches in boxing.
Where Muhammad Ali knocked out George Foreman during one of the most legendary.
Thousands of people from the ghetto come to train and political parties rally.
Judex struggles to organise a woman s boxing tournament  Kinshasa sings  Kinshasa starves and Judex s girls try to survive  they re realistic but still full of hope.
Others fight.
A film.
Where men have gone crazy.
<EOS>
Karol Borowiecki  a Polish nobleman  is the managing engineer.
He plans to set up his own factory.
Borowiecki s affair  wife of another textile magnate  gives him advance notice of a change in cotton tariffs and helps Welt to make a killing on the Hamburg futures market.
But more money has to be found  so all three characters cast aside their pride to raise the necessary capital.
Borowiecki has to deny his affair with Zucker s wife to a jealous husband by making.
Him swear.
Borowiecki then accompanies Lucy to Berlin.
However Zucker sends an associate to spy.
Who finds out  sending the news back to Zucker.
Zucker takes his revenge by burning down his brand new  uninsured factory.
Borowiecki and his friends lose all.
They had worked.
The film fast forwards a few years.
Borowiecki is now married and owns his own factory.
However his factory is threatened.
Borowiecki is forced to decide.
Whether or not to open fire.
He is reminded  however Borowiecki still decides to protect his factory and orders.
It is never too late to change his ways.
The soldiers to open fire.
<EOS>
Nick Brady and Shawn Colfax are two popular football players.
Ford High School cheerleaders.
Who manage to get out and con their way into the cheerleading squad after overhearing a conversation about the camp s abundant female population of.
Their objective is to infiltrate the cheerleading camp.
Order to meet girls.
Nick and Shawn realize.
They start to care.
Shawn develops feelings  Carly Davidson and Nick chases after Diora  their camp coach s wife.
Carly and the rest find out about the boys  true motives for attending cheer camp.
Carly s boyfriend  Dr Rick  also reveals.
Nick and Shawn initially planned to leave cheer camp.
Nick and Shawn leave camp.
Nick and Shawn finds out.
Attending a party.
They are genuinely fond and want their squad to succeed.
Nick and Shawn decide to return to cheer camp and help the squad.
Carly notices Rick is cheating with their rivals  head cheerleader.
Nick and Shawn are doing their routine.
Shawn and Carly later focus all to the routine.
The squad s routine results finish yet  despite a botched attempt to execute the Fountain of Troy maneuver.
Shawn accidentally goes like Carly and backflips into the water in front of them.
When the squad go.
The crowd gasps rushes to help.
Shawn manages to emerge and yells Tigers.
They place ten spots better.
The squad did not win the contest.
They did last year.
The film ends.
When Nick and Shawn ends up.
<EOS>
The Venoms  a group take on a corrupt general.
Who has assumed power.
The son turns to his friends to help him get revenge.
The smartest initially thinks.
It s a bad idea as the army  led has guns and rifles.
Kuo eventually comes up to steal some guns to get revenge.
Guards arrive.
They can get bullets.
He is killed.
Lo Mang decides to go solo.
Kuo  and the other three venoms decide to use brains to take revenge for Lo Mang.
Lu Feng poses.
A visiting government official offers Wang Li the stolen guns.
Wang Li thinks.
Lu Feng will promote him so he agrees to go get more guns from a warehouse and send his soldiers to a non-existent battle.
Wang Li and his three go to the warehouse but are ambushed by the Venoms.
They get revenge.
<EOS>
Architect Peter Mitchell  cartoonist Michael Kellam and actor Jack Holden are happy living their lives.
They all have different girlfriends  successful jobs and a carefree and somewhat hedonistic lifestyle.
This is disrupted.
When a baby arrives.
A note indicates.
It is Jack s  the result.
The baby arrives - he is in Turkey shooting a B movie  leaving Peter and Michael to fend for themselves in taking care of the child  something.
Which their lack befuddles them.
Peter and Michael are mistakenly led to believe.
They are to deliver Mary.
They discover moments.
The men are drug dealers who were actually seeking a package.
They retrieve the infant  leaving the men.
Fatherhood -- balancing the demands of a child.
What results is a major change as they try to adjust to surrogate.
Soon their paternal instincts take hold.
They grow attached.
Eventually   Peter and Michael do not hesitate.
When Jack returns.
Jack quickly grows to love his daughter.
The drug dealers  demanding payment  eventually ransack the men s apartment looking.
The men formulate a plan to trap the dealers.
When they negotiate a deal to deliver the illicit goods.
The men prove their innocence to the police.
The dealers are arrested.
The baby s mother  an English woman named Sylvia  arrives  asking for Mary back.
Moments  she realizes.
She can not give up her career to raise her daughter alone.
The three men  having grown attached  can not bear to lose Mary  and rush to the airport to persuade Sylvia to stay in America  but they arrive.
As Sylvia s plane leaves.
Defeated  the men return.
Where they find both Sylvia and Mary.
The men quickly invite her to move with them.
She agrees.
<EOS>
Eric Idle and Robert Wuhl star in this mystery-comedy caper.
Characters include a one-handed kingpin  a lawyer.
Who suffers.
One  Mr Hu  dies.
His lawyer gives Wendel his inheritance.
A riddle.
Wendel and Lou soon realise.
The riddle is nt Hu s heirloom  just the key.
But they are pursued.
Almost all of whom want them dead.
<EOS>
Dale  a remandee  is awaiting a court hearing and yet to be sentenced  highlighting the horrific injustice he s subjected to.
The actual beating lasted a gruelling 7 hours.
The first depicted beating lasts less than 3 minutes.
It was based.
Initially Dale submits.
They attempt to break his spirit and sanity by forcing him to smash blue-stone with a pick  invoking images of Australia s convict heritage.
Another inmate is compelled to perform more demeaning behaviour.
Gradually Dale becomes indifferent and develops an alternative  subversive way to exist and express his rage.
Dale is depicted pacing his cell naked and mumbling incoherently.
It seems.
If the ego shattering experience has forced him.
It s not  I ve resigned and urges the other inmates to do so as well.
He claims.
We see method.
The guards have lost their threat of psychological and physical suppression over him.
He has reaffirmed the power of the simple utterance.
Which he can never be deprived.
They manage to shout and finally communicate.
Contact is strictly forbidden at night.
Unity.
Meanwhile Berriman  realising starts to panic.
The threat is no longer effective.
The failure pulls its last punch.
Dale walks defiantly to be tried.
He has maintained his sanity and his voice.
If the system has enframed Dale.
<EOS>
Sean Donovan is a withdrawn young adult.
Gets straight A s and lives alone with his dad.
His mother   was killed.
Whom he adored.
What looks.
Ten years later  Sean continues for his mother s killer  often hanging around the police station.
Teresa Ames  a young cop  is curious.
Who has just been promoted.
She is the first to make a connection.
When Sean begins killing child murderers who have avoided conviction.
Sean learns.
His father was a friend.
Believing  Sean shoots and kills him.
The murder was planned as a scheme to collect life insurance money.
Teresa finds Sean shortly and confiscates the gun.
However  they come.
Teresa is later seen throwing the gun.
Larry Childs   dies.
Who is currently serving two years.
Sean laced.
<EOS>
The movie covers the last 14 months in California s industrial prison complex.
George Jackson would spend 11 years for a $ 70 gas station robbery crime in.
He was 18 years.
When the sentence was handed down to him.
The movie encompasses the infamous Soledad Brothers case.
Which George Jackson  Fleeta Drumgo  and John Clucheette are accused.
Reflecting the general prison movement the Black Panther Party would play in organizing both the outside communities in America as well as their influence on prisoners across the country.
George Jackson would be moved and inspired.
George was recruited by Black Panther Party founder Huey P.
Newton to head the Peoples Army  a euphemism.
Would become synonymous.
The film points out the conspiratorial nature.
Surrounded the events  where Jackson s 17-year-old younger brother  Jonathan Jackson  played by Ezra J.
Stanley  would be killed  at San Rafael  California  during an alleged hostage takeover attempt to leverage against the release of the elder Jackson  and the other Soledad Brothers.
The younger Jackson and three others would be killed.
Where George Jackson himself.
Five others would be killed during.
What is described.
Angela Davis would be captured and stand trial in connection with the Marin County Court House liberation attempt by Jonathan Jackson  accused of conspiracy in supplying 17-year-old Jonathan Jackson with the weapons used.
George Jackson is accused.
Stephen Bingham would leave the country  not returning to face charges.
Both  Davis and Bingham would be acquitted.
Others possibly involved with the events of August 21  1971 would never be questioned.
<EOS>
The story revolves round the emotions  one a taxi driver.
The other is a high official.
Trouble breaks.
When the brother marries a lady who would not agree to reside together with a taxi driver.
<EOS>
Several affairs are described.
The action involves four drunkards  and takes place mostly  giving the film a claustrophobic feel.
Preparation and consumption are at the center of the business operations.
We are introduced  mainly the courtesans known as Crimson  Pearl  Emerald  Jasmine and Jade.
Crimson belongs  Pearl and Jade to Gongyang brothel  Emerald lives at Shangren brothel.
Jasmine works.
The relationship are semi-monogamous  frequently lasting many years.
The courtesans are purchased by the owners of the brothels  otherwise known as Aunties.
The graceful  well-bred courtesans live lives of slavery.
We are led to understand.
There are only a few references being beaten.
There are frequent beatings and that beatings for perceived misbehaviour are common.
The best is to some day pay off their debts or marry into a better social status.
The courtesans  known  can hope for.
The silent master Wang leaves the courtesan Crimson.
Which it was.
He offers to settle Crimson s debts.
Wang sees himself.
Dependence turns out.
Crimson has only master Wang  and must sustain herself from his money to feed her entire family.
Emerald was worth 100 dollars.
Master Luo wants to redeem that value.
The prostitute Silver Phoenix is abused.
Master Wang has a drunken rage accumulation  and lets it loose.
When he finds out that Crimson goes foreign.
A contract is put into play.
A notary comes to log the inventory.
Allegedly Wang strikes Jasmine.
Who then attempts to commit suicide.
Jade tries her customer.
Whom she had sworn her eternal love.
Arranges thereupon a marriage.
Crimson   at last prepares an opium pipe in the quiet blissfulness of being together.
<EOS>
A former model  Stephanie  is found murdered.
Her boyfriend  Richard   apparently killed her and then committed suicide.
Whose body is also found.
A photographer decides to make a documentary.
Who worked closely.
She interviews those people closest.
She soon discovers.
Almost everything she s been told is false  and everyone she interviews is lying.
The circumstances surrounding Stephanie s death become more and more contradictory.
She also realizes.
The filmmaker struggles to find the truth.
She may have played a frightening part.
<EOS>
Thieves Corey Mahoney and Terrence Christian are at a loss.
They are hired.
His proposition is.
Them to acquire the Rock.
He guarantees $ 8000 up front and $.
When the job is done.
However  troubles soon arise  an evil sorcerer believing he is the son.
They encounter demons and Simon Magus.
<EOS>
The love is thwarted by the enmity between their respective parents.
Rafael sees Juana dance  and is captivated by her beauty and charm.
They fall.
Who are secretly friends and sympathetic.
Juana earns the respect through her spirit and grace at flamenco.
Her father Rosendo  an old beau  remains obstinate  despite the pleas of Juana  Rafael and Angustias.
Juana s father offers her  to make her forget about her romance with Rafael.
Neither Juana nor Rafael can forget their love.
Curro becomes arrogant  killing Rafael s friend Mojigondo  and beating Juana.
When he suspects she has been meeting.
Desperate  Juana seeks Rafael out.
They make love  planning to elope the following day.
But Curro  incited  finds them together and kills them both.
Rafael s brother subsequently hunts Curro down  and kills him.
Angustias and Rosendo are united.
Juana s younger brother comforts Rafael s younger sister  showing.
The feud will not continue any further.
<EOS>
A wealthy  but evil man named Zafar Khan  has fallen with a girl named Salma and wants to marry her.
She and her father do not let him.
Zafar is arrested and is imprisoned for 10 years.
He sees.
When he is discharged.
Salma is married.
Zafar Khan  wants to convince Salma to marry him.
Salma refuses.
Zafar plots his revenge.
Which Salma lives in.
Salma is also separated from her young son  Iqbal.
Zafar abducts Salma and tells the world.
She is his wife.
He also adopts an infant  a boy named Sunny  for Salma to raise on the advice of a psychiatrist.
Meanwhile  Iqbal is reunited.
Who has lost his wife and son.
The uncle will raise Iqbal.
They have no more family.
Years pass.
Iqbal and his uncle work.
Iqbal has grown up  and is considered the leader of the local coolies.
He organizes a labor strike.
Brings the station.
Sunny  a young  budding reporter  is covering the story.
Iqbal sees a picture.
Speaking. 
Who turns out to be Salma.
Iqbal rushes  she has no recollection of him.
Zafar is infuriated and has his guards severely beat him.
He takes Salma.
Iqbal and Sunny become friends.
Both find love  Iqbal with his childhood sweetheart  Deepa.
Things are looking up.
The coolies uncover a banking and housing scandal.
Iqbal finds himself in a fight to the death with Zafar.
Salma returns.
She publicly testifies and.
He destroyed her family.
Is an old man.
Who turns out to be Iqbal s long-lost father.
Also  Iqbal s uncle recognizes a birthmark  proving.
Sunny was indeed the son he thought he had lost.
The family is reunited  much.
Iqbal is shot several times.
He manages to throw Zafar  killing him instantly.
Coolies faiths pray hard for his recovery.
Iqbal recovers.
<EOS>
It tells the story.
He makes.
Gingy is reluctantly pulled out by two IRA men.
Who bring him back to Belfast to perform one last job due.
They are stopped by a British Army patrol led by Lt David Ferris.
Who introduces himself.
Gingy initially refuses the job but realises.
He has no choice after the Chief briefs him and threatens him.
The job entails the killing  during the getaway.
The gang smash recognises Gingy from the previous checkpoint.
<EOS>
Leeds  character is Anne Lester  a young orphan.
Who is trying to pay.
Anne begins to believe.
She must smoke marijuana to fit in.
She then goes.
Where she tries the drug.
She is unaffected  and loses her fear of drugs.
She continues to smoke.
She is fired and begins selling drugs for Markey.
The film progresses.
Her brother hangs himself.
When he learns.
She is arrested and given a tour.
Drug users end up.
Finally   she is released  cleaned up and ready to cooperate with the authorities regarding Markey.
<EOS>
Kit Kittredge is determined to become a reporter.
She writes articles.
Drama unfolds.
The mortgage is about to be foreclosed.
Her father lost his car dealership and could nt keep up.
He has gone to search for work  and to make some income.
Her mother takes.
Locally there have been reports by hobos.
Kit investigates and meets young Will and Countee.
Who live.
Kit writes a story and tries to sell it to Mr Gibson  the mean editor of the Cincinnati newspaper.
He has no interest.
She adopts a dog  her mother buys chickens.
Kit sells their eggs.
Then a locked box containing her mother s treasures is stolen.
A footprint is discovered  making him the prime suspect.
The sheriff goes to find Will and Countee.
However  Will and Countee have left the hobo jungle.
It s up Stirling and Ruthie to gather enough evidence to prove.
Will is innocent.
Mr Berk is the guilty party.
Kit becomes a local hero.
They found out.
Countee has been pretending to be a boy.
The hobos bring food to Kit s mother and Kit s father returns home.
Mr Gibson arrives to show Kit.
She is.
<EOS>
Rahul is.
He makes several bids to obtain employment.
All were.
He continues to struggle to secure employment.
His friends start to all settle down.
Rahul has two good friends  Abhi and Kartik.
His father   always chides him.
Who is a teacher.
This just adds.
Rahul catches a glimpse of Anuradha.
It is love.
He learns.
She works.
Rahul finally secures employment in the same firm.
He soon realises.
Anu is a short-tempered young woman.
Once  Rahul accompanies her  along.
Where he reveals his feelings.
She refuses him saying.
She comes.
Her marriage is set.
A depressed Rahul returns.
Unable to bear seeing his son so despondent  his father meets Anu.
She abuses him and accidentally slaps both Rahul and his father.
That night  Rahul s father dies.
Abhi takes him.
Order to help lighten Rahul s mood.
Anu happens to be the girl.
Abhi is to marry.
A few years ago  their grandfather s thought early was put aside.
Abhi and Anu left the house to seek their own identities.
This had aggravated the grandfather.
The parents of Anu and Abhi decide to have them marry to appease their grandfather.
Rahul feels with Abhi s loving family and feels happy.
But suddenly Soniya  Abhi s little sister  falls with Rahul.
Anu gets jealous and realises.
She does indeed love Rahul.
Abhi and Anu s grandfather accepts him.
When Rahul saves the family.
Anu asks Rahul to forgive her.
She feels guilty.
Eventually  Rahul does.
They start talking.
The day  Anu runs to Rahul.
Rahul asks her to forget him.
He believes that it would create problems.
Abhi s grandfather notices them conversing and admonishes Anuradha and asks Rahul to leave his house.
Rahul get ready to leave.
When he sees everyone putting down the decorations.
Abhi tells him to go away  but Rahul begs him to marry Anu.
He is taken.
Kartik sarcastically tells Abhi.
He forgot that Abhi does nt like Rahul.
Everyone slowly leaves to go  except Anu and her grandfather.
Anu says.
She will never disobey her grandfather.
Afterwards Anu and Abhi s grandfather went up to go in the station.
He sees.
Everyone is after seeing he went to go to station and sees Anu and Abhi s grandfather.
Finally everyone realises.
Both love each other.
Anu is married with Rahul.
<EOS>
A baby girl is born.
Astrologers predict and is socially committed.
She would become a noble woman.
They also say.
She is named Aishwarya.
But  it is written.
The girl would die.
Running parallel  at Yamaloka  an aging Yamadharmaraja wants to take rest  Dharma Raju.
Which he proposes to throne his grandson.
Aging Chitragupta will be also take rest  prompting his brother Vichitragupta to do his duties temporarily.
Hence  grandson gets ready to replace the old man.
Yama wants to test the talent.
They are sent to take the life Aishwarya.
But  young Yama falls with her.
His buddy also falls with a woman cop Vaijayanti.
The love factor brings disrepute.
But  finally the mortal love wins.
<EOS>
Min is an illegal Burmese immigrant living.
Who has contracted a mysterious rash.
His girlfriend  Roong  and an older woman  Orn  take him to see a doctor.
But the doctor is unable to do anything.
Min is forbidden to speak.
He might reveal he is Burmese.
Nonetheless   some medicine is prescribed.
Is customary.
Orn is not satisfied  however.
She stops to buy some more supplies and then goes.
Where she concocts some lotion made and instructs Roong to slather it on Min.
Roong works  painting ceramic figurines.
It s painstaking work.
She does not want to work.
She feigns an illness and takes off.
She drives  with the plan of having a picnic in the forest.
Where she and Min can make love.
Orn  meanwhile  is longing.
She steals her husband s motorcycle and goes to meet Tommy  a worker at the factory.
They have sex just  but are interrupted.
When the motorcycle is stolen.
Tommy chases and disappears.
Unsatisfied  Orn wanders deeper.
Who have just finished making love.
Roong leads Orn.
Where they both rub some lotion.
They then dry off and lay down.
<EOS>
Dr Jeff Cameron tends.
She later checks out  but sends him a telegram telling him her address.
He wants to hear her story.
He finds.
She lives.
He breaks a date.
He is worried Margo may try to commit suicide again.
He falls with Margo.
Time goes on.
However   he shows up unannounced and boldly tells Frederick Lannington.
When she tells Jeff that she is flying with her aged father the next day.
He is.
Lannington  however  informs him.
Margo is his wife and that she married him.
Stunned  Jeff leaves.
He returns and finds her holding an earring ripped.
When he hears her scream.
Lannington starts beating Jeff  in the ensuing struggle  Lannington strikes his head on the floor and is knocked unconscious.
Dazed  Jeff goes   he finds the old man dead.
When he returns.
Jeff wants to call the police.
Margo insists.
They would believe it was murder.
She persuades him to run away.
They first try to use the airline tickets  but hurry away.
When they spot policemen.
They decide to drive instead  taking the precaution of trading in Margo s convertible for a pickup truck provided by larcenous used car salesman Honest Hal.
Jeff diagnoses.
His continuing headaches and mental fog  warning Julie that it will lead to first paralysis of the extremities  perhaps even one side of his body  followed by a coma within 24 to 48 hours.
They are taken to the sheriff.
It is.
Because Jeff is not wearing a beard.
The police chief tells them and insists they get wed there that very night.
Margo explains they are to get married.
Marriages are a Postville specialty.
Julie listens  she becomes enraged.
Jeff is out.
When the broadcast discloses she had been undergoing psychiatric treatment.
Later   the police chief identifies Margo and alerts the border patrol.
The couple sneak away.
It is revealed.
Lannington was smothered with a pillow.
The fugitives sell Margo s $ 9000 bracelet to a pawnbroker for $.
He sends them.
When the man sees that they are anxious to avoid the police.
Who offers to smuggle them.
Jeff s left side becomes paralyzed.
They wait.
Then he finally realizes.
Margo is mentally unstable and that she killed her husband.
He decides not to go   she knocks him down  then smothers him.
When he tries to stop Margo.
Fortunately  he was only rendered unconscious.
He drags.
Himself downstairs and out.
She pulls a pistol out and starts shooting at him.
When Margo sees him coming.
The police return fire  fatally wounding her.
She absolves Jeff.
She dies.
Jeff asks his doctor.
Recovering. 
He can send a flower.
The doctor steps out and sends Julie in to see him.
<EOS>
The film is narrated.
Who tells the story.
Her mother  Lene  meets her father  Hans.
They fall and marry.
Hans is conscripted.
The war breaks out.
Lene suffers.
Her relationship becomes increasingly strained during his infrequent returns home on leave.
She gives birth  and undergoes great hardship to keep her safe  crossing a forest in winter to escape to her family in the country  and later living a life of poverty in the ruins of postwar Berlin.
She and Hans are unable to rekindle their love.
Lene spirals.
The film ends.
<EOS>
Gary is a hustler walking  looking for business.
He saves a young deaf transvestite from a group of gay bashers  but regrets it.
Because the transvestite becomes infatuated and follows him everywhere.
Gary introduces the transvestite  Valentino  a former porn star  and Mary Carmen  the Latina.
Who works and is in love with Valentino  with whom she has been living for some time.
Together they form a bohemian family.
Includes Veronica  a still-active porn star  and Nat  a tattoo artist.
Gary is also with Valentino.
Who is dying.
Mary Carmen and Gary argue.
Over what kind he should be receiving  and who is going to supply that care.
Mary Carmen finds out.
Valentino draws.
She is carrying Valentino s baby.
The three take stock and their relationships with one another.
<EOS>
The video itself centers.
Who is mysteriously seen to be nailing an array to the side of a sheer cliff so that they stick out horizontally.
It returns to the top of the cliff  before donning an aviator s cap and suddenly jumping off.
The camera view turns sideways  revealing the purpose.
It dives down the cliff.
A tear wells achieves its dream  flapping its tiny wings.
It flies.
The kiwi then disappears below  at the very end a thump is heard  suggesting.
It may have died.
<EOS>
Gallavants are ants living.
The little ones have to go as working ants.
However  one pupil thinks.
He does nt need to take lessons in order to find his destination.
He has to learn the hard way.
<EOS>
Schlock  a prehistoric apeman.
Who falls with a teenage blind beauty and terrorizes her Southern California suburb.
Schlock is no ordinary simian  he possesses some very unusual skills.
He plays the piano and gives TV interviews.
John Landis pays homage to the monster movies of the past with irreverent humor and wacky hijinks.
<EOS>
A stranger  wearing buckskin and a six shooter  calling himself Shane  rides.
He s obviously skilled.
Whatever his past.
Soon finds himself drawn baron Rufus Ryker.
Who wants to force Starrett and the others.
Shane stays at the invitation of Joe s wife  Marian  and starts working as a farmhand.
Young Joey is drawn  and wants to learn.
To shoot.
Shane tries to teach him and his mother.
A gun is a tool.
It s designed to shoot people.
Depends. 
Whether it s used.
There is an obvious attraction  and perhaps a history.
She tells Shane.
They would be better off if there were nt any guns  including his.
She is emphatic.
Guns are not going to be a part.
He gets after being ridiculed for backing down before.
When Shane goes.
They win.
The shopkeeper orders them out.
Ryker declares.
The next time Shane or Joe go to town the air will be filled.
Ryker hires Jack Wilson  an unscrupulous  psychopathic gunslinger.
Tensions mount.
Who laughs.
Wilson goads ex-Confederate Frank ` Stonewall  Torrey  a hot-tempered Alabama homesteader   and shoots him down in the street.
Many plan to leave.
But a fire set spurs them into pulling together to put it out  rather than driving them out.
Ryker decides to have Wilson kill Starrett at the saloon  under the pretense of negotiating.
One loses his stomach for this  and warns Shane.
Starrett s up.
Joe is resolved to go anyway.
He knows.
Shane will look if he does nt survive.
But Shane tells Joe.
He s no match  although he might be a match for Ryker.
They fight.
Shane has to knock him unconscious.
Joey yells.
Marian begs Shane not to go and asks.
He is doing it.
He admits.
He is  and who want a chance to live and grow up there.
Shane walks into the saloon.
Shane tells Ryker.
They re both relics.
Ryker has nt realized it yet.
Wilson draws  but is shot and keeps reflexively shooting  even.
He s dead.
Ryker pulls a hidden gun and Shane returns fire.
He s turned to leave.
When Ryker s brother fires a Winchester rifle.
Joey   calls out.
Who ran.
Shane fires back.
Shane walks out.
Where Joey is waiting.
He says and tells him to take care.
He has to move on.
Shane also says to tell Joey s mother.
There are nt any more guns.
Shane s blood runs.
When he reaches up.
Joey s worried.
Shane tells him.
S fine.
Wounded  Shane sits up.
He rides  into the sunrise  over the mountains.
The film does not explicitly state.
Whether Shane survives the wound he received.
<EOS>
Dozens of wealthy passengers are dancing in the ballroom of an Italian ocean liner  the Antonia Graza.
An Italian woman sings Senza Fine.
A young girl named Katie  is sitting alone  until the Captain of the boat.
Himself offers the dance.
Elsewhere  a hand presses a lever.
Unravels a thin wire cord.
The spool snaps.
The wire slices  bisecting the dancers.
Only Katie is spared.
The Captain s face splits open.
The top falls off as Katie screams in horror.
40 years later  a boat salvage crew -- Cpt.
Sean Murphy  Maureen Epps  Greer  Dodge  Munder  and Santos -- is celebrating a recent success.
When Jack Ferriman  a Canadian weather service pilot  approaches them and says he has spotted a mysterious vessel running adrift.
It can be claimed.
The ship is.
Is able to bring it.
The crew sets out.
They discover.
The ship is the Antonia Graza  which mysteriously disappeared and was believed to be lost at sea  as both the crew and the passengers were never heard from again.
They discover.
When they board the ship and prepare to tow it.
It contains a large quantity.
However strange things begin to happen.
Epps claims to have seen a little girl.
Greer claims to have heard a woman singing.
Epps and Ferriman discover the corpses.
They decide to leave the ship but take the gold  but an invisible force opens a gas valve.
The Arctic Warrior explodes.
The engine is started  killing Santos and leaving them stranded.
They attempt to fix the Antonia Graza and sail it back.
The crew members are picked off one.
Greer meets Francesca  the singer.
Who he heard.
Who seduces him and then leads him.
Captain Murphy   comes across the ghost of the Antonia Graza s Captain.
Who explains that they recovered the gold  along with a sole survivor.
He shows Murphy a picture.
Who he is shocked to recognise.
He rushes to tell the rest.
A supernatural force causes him to see everyone.
He meets  causing the crew to think he has gone mad and lock him in the drained fish tank.
Meanwhile  Epps meets Katie.
Who reveals that the crew turned on the passengers and each other.
The sole survivor convinced the crew of the Graza to turn on the passengers.
Order to claim the gold.
The crew killed all  including Katie  but then turned on each other.
The last officer  was shot by the singer  Francesca.
Another man then joined Francesca and walked away.
A large hook swung  killing her.
The man is revealed.
Who is actually a demonic spirit who masterminded the massacre and may have done something similar on the Lorelei.
Epps deduces.
Ferriman lured the salvage team to repair the sinking ship  and that the best way to fight him is to sink it.
She sets explosives  but is confronted.
Who has killed the last.
Ferriman describes himself  collecting souls is his job.
He says he earned.
He explains.
Since Katie was a child and never committed a true sin  he ca nt control her as he does.
So long  he can continue to use it and keep his masters satisfied.
The Antonia Graza remains afloat.
Epps detonates the explosives and sinks the Graza.
Katie helps Epps escape the rapidly sinking ship.
She is left as the souls trapped on the ship ascend to heaven  Katie stops to thank her.
Epps is found by a cruise ship and taken back to land.
She sees the battered crates.
She s loaded.
He glares and carries on  she screams as the ambulance doors close.
<EOS>
Henri Papillon Charriere  a petty criminal  is unjustly convicted.
He is sentenced in the notorious French penal colony on Devil s Island  off the coast of French Guiana.
En route.
He meets a fellow convict  Louis Dega  a forger and embezzler who is convinced that his wife will secure his release.
Dega hires Papillon.
The two eventually develop a friendship.
Papillon is sentenced to solitary confinement.
Dega smuggles extra food to Papillon.
Prison guards cut Papillon s food rations with the expectation.
When the food smuggling is discovered.
Hunger will force him to reveal the name.
Papillon refuses to snitch and is released from solitary confinement after two years  including six months in total darkness and on half rations.
Emaciated and half-insane  and reduced to survive.
Reunited  they soon begin planning their escape.
Papillon meets a homosexual orderly named Andre Maturette.
Recovering. 
Who insists.
The prisoners bribe a guard.
Who promises to give them a boat.
Dega breaks his ankle.
They discover.
The boat is unseaworthy.
A local trapper   kills the guard and refers Papillon.
Who is disgusted that the guard has repeatedly cheated prisoners.
Where they obtain supplies and a boat.
The trio are accosted by a group of soldiers.
The soldiers open fire and Dega  still crippled  urges Papillon and Maturette to flee.
Papillon lives for a long period with a native tribe before attempting to reenter society.
Papillon pays a nun to join her entourage and goes with her to a convent.
Admitting but stressing  Papillon asks the Mother Superior.
He is an escapee.
He is not a murderer.
She turns him over.
Papillon spends five years in solitary confinement.
Now gray-haired  is released just to see a dying Maturette.
His friend has divorced him and married his defense attorney.
Papillon still yearns.
Dega s spirit has been broken.
Papillon observes.
Every seventh wave that comes rebounds from the rocks and is powerful enough to carry him out to sea.
Manufacturing two floats  he tries  unsuccessfully  to persuade Dega to come.
Papillon leaps from the cliff and  grasping his float  is carried into the sea.
A narrator states.
Papillon lived the rest in freedom  and outlived the prison.
The prison is shown abandoned and overgrown.
<EOS>
This movie has as its central character  three young people - Vinod  Balu and Meera.
Vinod is a smart young college student.
Meera is Vinu s girlfriend.
Their marriage was almost fixed.
But Vinu dies in an accident and eyes.
Where tranferred.
Meera tries to see Balu.
Balu mistook her and thinks.
She loves him.
Meera tells him the truth.
Now his friends give him a new idea to make Meera love.
They tells him to have a drama.
He is going to commit suicide but while standing there Balu accidentally fall down and was admitted in the hospital.
Doctor tells.
Balu was dead.
They realizes.
He was not died.
Meera falls in love with Balu.
<EOS>
An archaeological team  digging and led by an old professor  unearths an old Roman artifact  a gravestone bearing some mysterious inscriptions.
He collapses.
When realizing that they have stumbled.
Seemingly dead  he finds himself in a sort of afterlife state and realizes.
The stone marked a passage so he starts mingling with the antique spirits of the dead.
The spirits themselves appear just as silly and petty from the village above them.
What happened.
Themselves surprised.
<EOS>
Min  a Korean boy  moves with his father.
Who is a potter.
He meets Nanae  a beautiful Japanese girl with stunning eyes.
Who is aspiring to be a painter.
Min falls at first sight and finds out.
Nanae attends the school to which he has just transferred.
Their friendship develops fast.
Yet  Min hastily returns without having the time to explain Nanae the situation.
When Min s grandmother suddenly falls ill.
Min hurries back is nowhere to be found.
His grandmother regains her health.
Had his true feelings.
<EOS>
Inspired  Amara Winter  a beautiful and charismatic young singer  is on the verge of stardom.
Raised by her father  Reverend Dr Kenneth Winter and mother  Lillian Winter  Amara and her younger brother Luke have a very strong bond.
Her mother is thrust into the limelight in the role as preacher  a daring move.
Ultimately catapults her.
Paralleling her mother s success  Amara soon becomes a huge star  taking the R&B world by storm.
Conflict begins to ensue.
When her mother is confronted.
Amara must learn to pursue her dreams.
Amara and her mother must work realizing.
Their journeys are not quite so different.
<EOS>
Retired school teacher and divorcee John Gustafson and former TV repairman and widower Max Goldman  are former childhood friends and longtime next-door neighbors.
Their rivalry began decades earlier.
When John had stolen Max s high school sweetheart  May.
Max went on to marry a woman named Amy.
Whom he had his son Jacob.
Both men lead similar boring and lonely single lives  and share a mutual love of the Minnesota winter pastime of ice fishing  as well as competing  arguing  insulting  and pulling cruel practical jokes on each other whenever possible.
A subplot involves John s ongoing issues with the Internal Revenue Service  owing thousands in back taxes  and his desperate attempts to avoid field agent Elliot Snyder.
The vacant house is being moved into.
Neither Max or John know.
Who the new neighbor is until both are awakened by the sound of a snowmobile racing up and down the street.
They see.
Their beautiful new neighbor is college professor Ariel Truax  who quickly becomes the talk to get to know her new neighbors.
Their mutual lifelong friend Chuck   advises.
Who owns the lakeside bait shop.
They take advantage.
But both men publicly act indifferent.
John and Max peer longingly out their windows at Ariel s house.
When they see Chuck arrive with roses and chocolates.
Intrigued  both men speed the next morning to find out the details.
Chuck says  and describes being.
There was no sex.
Ariel was.
This encourages John and Max to ask Ariel later that evening.
Max beats John over.
They go ice.
John goes  finding.
It closed and padlocked  and learns that Chuck has died.
John informs him.
When Max arrives home  gloating over his victory.
Both men go inside to deal with their grief.
John then angrily answers a knock and finds Elliot Snyder  the IRS Agent.
Who he had been avoiding.
He finds Ariel in his kitchen cooking a meal for them.
It seems.
Ariel has more to their careers in education.
They continue to enjoy fun and intimate moments.
One evening Ariel decides to spend the night.
That next morning.
What happened.
John angrily confronts Max.
Who accuses John.
After the skirmish is broken up.
Max painfully reminds John  and.
He can not wait around.
John decides to let Max win and breaks up.
Who does not take the news well.
John enters a depression.
Only worsens when Max and Ariel begin spending time together  culminating.
John abruptly leaves and heads to a local tavern.
Jacob shows up to wish Merry Christmas to Melanie.
When she asks if he can help get their fathers to make peace.
Jacob demands Max to end the feud  and go make peace.
Max has no idea.
John is depressed.
John questions Max s love and leaves.
When Max s half-hearted peacemaking efforts prove futile.
Finally realizing  Max leaves moments later to finish the conversation  but finds John.
John loves Ariel.
Max decides to call off the feud  and tell Ariel everything.
She then goes with him.
An unsympathetic Mr Snyder discloses.
John is recovering.
John owes $ 57000 due  and plans to get the money by selling his house.
Max then barricades John s front door  and gets Jacob  now mayor  to get an injunction against the IRS from seizing John s property.
John and Ariel marry several months later.
Max helps pay John s taxes  thanks getting the penalties and interest waived.
Max putting up the $.
He owes.
That night  Max goes in hopes of meeting a woman.
His son  Jacob  takes that opportunity to go.
Many outtakes play including several alternate versions of the scene involving Jack Lemmon and Burgess Meredith at the window.
The credits are rolling.
They watch Chuck woo Ariel.
<EOS>
A group enter the abandoned home of pedophile and serial killer John Gacy  hoping to find evidence of paranormal activity.
They set up cameras throughout the abandoned house while going room to room with hand-held cameras  performing seances and asking for John Gacy to come forward.
It seems.
The evening progresses.
The investigators are not prepared still within the house.
<EOS>
The opening shows Foghorn Leghorn lounging  being fanned and serenaded by several hens.
When a telegram arrives saying that his old college roommate  Rhode Island Red  will be paying him a visit.
Red is voiced  and is a takeoff on Jackie Gleason s Loudmouth character  Charlie Bratten.
Foghorn decides and barbed wire to discourage Red from visiting.
He had enough in college  and puts up several signs.
Meanwhile  Foghorn does not realize.
The delivery man that brought the telegram is actually Red  so Red sees everything that Foghorn is trying to do to prevent his visit.
Foghorn sees Red.
Who extends his arm.
Foghorn shakes hands and receives an electrical shock.
Red then pulls another joke.
Red sees the hens and tries to impress them the Freshman.
Foghorn tries to get back by rigging a camera with a boxing glove in it and asking the self-absorbed Red.
He wants to have his picture taken.
Red obliges.
Foghorn can not get the glove to fire.
Red then reverses positions and gets him to squeeze the shutter mechanism on the camera.
Causes Foghorn to get punched.
Foghorn then falls backwards.
He dug and is hit by a boulder  traps that were intended for Red.
Foghorn breaks the fourth wall  I thought.
I had a sitting duck  turns out he had a pigeon.
Red then asks.
This time Foghorn gets and points a double-barreled shotgun at Red.
Who puts his fingers  causing the shotgun to backfire on Foghorn.
Red is then seen walking and asks them.
They want to see the star halfback.
He asks Foghorn to replicate an old football play  the 23 Skidoo.
Is a long pass.
Unable to find a football  Red gets a casaba melon and hikes it  then goes out for a pass.
Foghorn cuts an opening and stuffs it in the melon before throwing it to Red.
Red is waiting.
Red is seen catching the melon but quickly yells punt formation and kicks it back to Foghorn.
Who catches the melon right before it explodes.
Foghorn then tries to get back by challenging him to a game of golf  and sneakily replaces the golf balls with fake ones.
Are supposed to explode.
Foghorn gives Red a ball then runs.
Instead the ball exploding  Red hits it right to Foghorn and the ball explodes.
When it lands.
Feeling cheated  Foghorn runs back and takes one and tries to tee off.
He has been victimized again.
This time  the ball explodes.
It was supposed.
Foghorn then finally figures out.
To get rid.
He disguises himself and delivers a fake telegram.
He must leave immediately to claim a large inheritance.
Red is anxious to leave.
Foghorn stalls him  saying.
Red ca nt leave.
Foghorn then gives Red an electric bowling ball.
The ball is really a time bomb.
Red does not realize it.
He is.
Red leaves.
Foghorn detonates the bomb  finally getting his revenge With friends like you  I do nt need any enemies.
Who returns and says.
<EOS>
Dr Benjamin Stone is a hotshot young surgeon.
Who longs to leave the drudgery.
C.
Emergency room and finally leaps as a plastic surgeon in Beverly Hills.
Ben s relationship with his co-workers is presumed to be anything but a warm one.
None will join him for a drink and a cake in his honor has an iced portion of the phrase Good riddance  asshole sliced out.
Ben s cross-country drive is interrupted.
When he crashes.
The crash damages the fence.
Who sentences him at a nearby hospital.
Ben offers to pay.
The stern judge increases his community service each time.
He talks back.
Defeated  he reports.
Where Nurse Packer humbles him.
Would a factory worker.
Ben quickly makes friends  the town cafe s proprietor/head waitress  and Melvin  the local mechanic tasked with repairing Ben s car.
Upset. 
Ben soon finds his clinic work to be much more.
He has simple cases  fishing hook impalings  and even reading mail for a young illiterate couple.
Whose baby he later delivers.
The experience also humbles Ben.
When he mistreats a case.
The town s curmudgeonly doctor  Aurelius Hogue  orders Ben to give the boy a.
Dismissing Hogue s treatment  Ben calls for a helicopter to transport the boy to another facility in Athens  Georgia  to see a heart specialist.
Hogue learns and explains.
The boy had chewed his father s tobacco.
The carbonic acid component would relieve his stomach ache.
The two doctors finally bond Hogue.
When Ben saves.
He suffers a near-fatal heart attack.
Ben is urged to stay - the pay is only $ 35000 a year but is made tempting by his budding romance with a tomboyish ambulance driver  Vialula  better known as Lou.
Hogue is chomping to retire.
She is a single mother.
She had living in New York.
Ben confides.
He grew up in rural Indiana  where his parents lived and died  and ca nt see himself confined to a small town.
Ben is pardoned after saving Hogue  and is free to go to California.
His car is fixed.
He shows signs from his experience in Grady and has become attached to his patients.
Lou is also pursued.
One day  Hank waits at the mayor s lakeside lodge.
Where Ben has been staying.
Ben expects a fight.
Hank explains.
Though he ca nt give Lou what Ben can  he s still a better man.
Ben comes to realize and plans to not see her anymore.
He s not selfless enough.
Putting career first  he leaves.
Dr Halberstrom hires him at the interview  thanks to an unexpected letter of recommendation from Hogue.
But Ben quickly tires.
He s surprised.
Who have fled Grady to come.
Hank tells Ben.
He took his own advice to do what a man s got ta do.
Ben  seeing an opportunity  returns to Grady  hoping to patch things up with Lou.
Who takes him back.
<EOS>
Centuries ago  the Amazons  a proud and fierce race  led by Queen Hippolyta  battled Ares  the God of War  and his army.
Hippolyta beheaded her son  Thrax.
Then defeated the God himself.
Zeus  however  prevented her.
Instead  Hera bound his powers he could instigate  and only another god could release him.
That he was deprived.
The Amazons were granted the island of Themyscira  and isolated from Man in the course of their duty of holding Ares prisoner for all eternity.
Where they could be eternally youthful.
Later  Hippolyta was granted a daughter  Princess Diana  and gave life.
Whom she shaped.
An American fighter pilot  Steve Trevor  is shot down and crash-lands on the island   including the war-like and aggressive Artemis.
Where he soon runs afoul.
Steve and Diana meet and fight.
She defeats him  taking him.
Hippolyta decides.
He should be returned home.
Diana volunteers  but is assigned to guard Ares s cell.
Since her mother argues that she has not enough experience.
Diana defies her mother and  her face hidden  wins the right to take Trevor back to his home.
The Amazon Persephone   releases him  both killing Alexa in the process.
Who has fallen with Ares.
Diana brings Trevor to New York City.
Where he volunteers to help.
An investigation uncovers a pattern.
Will lead.
The pair go out.
They wait.
Trevor makes a pass at Diana.
They argue outside  but are attacked first.
Deimos kills himself to prevent being interrogated.
Diana and Steve find a clue.
Leads them.
Once there  Diana attempts to subdue Ares.
He summons harpies.
Threaten to kill her  prompting Trevor to save her.
Meanwhile  Ares performs a sacrifice to open a gate.
Where he persuades his uncle Hades to remove the bracerss.
Later  Diana regains consciousness and is furious.
Trevor saved her rather than stop Ares.
Trevor argues with his own criticism of the Amazons  self-imposed isolation and their generalizations about men  and reveals.
Much he cares.
Ares and his army attack Washington  DC.
Trevor and Diana arrive and are soon joined by the Amazons.
His scheme is stopped.
Ares manages even to summon the Amazons long dead to fight their own sisters.
Who reveals to Artemis a chant which nullifies Ares s control.
The undead then turn but are destroyed by his powers.
Hippolyta faces Persephone and kills her.
Persephone makes.
The queen realize that  she has denied them the chance to have families and children.
Meanwhile  the President is influenced a nuclear missile against Themyscira presumed.
It is the source.
This act increases Ares s power.
Trevor takes the invisible jet and shoots down the missile.
Before it hits the island.
Finally   Diana finally outwits and kills him.
Subsequently  Ares is condemned to attend Hades as a slave alongside his son.
Later  in memory of Alexa  Artemis takes up the hobby of reading.
Hippolyta realizes.
Diana misses both the outside world and Trevor.
To make her happy again  she charges her daughter to become a diplomat.
Diana accepts and returns.
Where she enjoys the company and assumes the secret identity of Diana Prince.
However  their relationship comes  such as.
When Diana sees Cheetah robbing a museum.
She excuses herself to stop the supervillainess.
<EOS>
She determines.
When a teenager finds herself pregnant.
She is carrying the child.
<EOS>
The story revolves.
Who take vacations.
Nick leaves his wife for a much younger woman  Ginny.
This pattern has been established.
He then proceeds to bring Ginny  causing the other two couples to be uncomfortable  feeling.
If they have betrayed their good friend Anne.
<EOS>
Elaan is a declaration.
The story revolves.
C.
P.
Ramakant Chaudhary is killed.
Whose eldest son Vikas.
But the A.
C.
P.
Is unable to nab the culprits want of valid evidence.
Consequently  the A.
C.
P.
His wife Revati and younger son Vishal are griefstricken.
The atmosphere is already vitiated by the atrocities of ganglords Baba Khan and Manna Shetty who enjoy the support of some unscrupulous police personnel  the A.
C.
P.
Vows to make the ruthless gangsters bite the dust.
Vishal an angry young man  can not stand this injustice.
The police had failed to arrest his brother s killers.
He silently resents his A.
C.
P father s inaction.
The ideologies.
Lead. 
The only one is Mohini  the daughter.
Who understands the agony.
The day comes.
When Vishal confronts Baba Khan and Manna Shetty which leads for the A.
C.
P.
As the ganglords threaten to eliminate the A.
C.
P.
As well Revati and son Vishal.
<EOS>
Jay Trotter drives a cab.
His friend Looney  also a cab driver  has a secret microphone.
Looney has a tape.
One  due to some unethical practice by its owner  is a sure thing to win big.
Jay goes -- despite the fact that the day before  he told his wife Pam.
He would quit betting and be home to start their marriage over.
He prays to God  Just one day   one day  I m due.
S all I m asking.
A man exiting the bathrooms says Ya.
Let it ride.
Jay promptly places a $ 50 bet.
The horse wins and pays $.
40 to win.
Armed found sense of confidence  Jay approaches the two men from Looney s cab and generously gives them the tape of their conversation.
They give him a tip for the next race.
He places a bet and wins again.
Sensing  Jay goes.
This could be his lucky day.
He starts coming with other gamblers  including the wealthy Mrs Davis and a sexy vixen named Vicki.
He accumulates more money and uses his new friends  membership.
He becomes a hero.
Whose window he uses every time.
However  he has totally neglected his wife Pam.
Pam flies.
When she confronts her husband.
He can not stop.
He takes a survey  eliminating any selection.
They give him  bets.
Jay decides to call it a day and goes home.
Who is intoxicated and passed out.
He heads back.
They balk.
When he suggests sharing his luck.
Disconcerted  he goes.
Vicki offers to go with him.
Jay breaks the fourth wall.
Jay makes a final bet.
Looney advises him not to bet to Trot.
Looney and Trotter argue over everything  the main characters all make resolutions.
The race begins.
She vows to give up rich guys and consider a poor one  looking at Looney.
The race comes down.
Pam shows up to thank Jay and to tell him not worry about the money.
Everyone awaits the result.
When the announcer reports the winner  Hot.
The entire racetrack erupts.
Cause Pam to ask  why is everyone cheering.
<EOS>
The film begins.
Fitzgerald  describing named Ryan Pollard.
He could nt remember the details that he killed a intellectually disabled boy.
Leland is arrested.
The rest reacts with shock to the senseless murder.
Ryan s parents  sisters Becky and Julie  as well as Julie s live-in boyfriend.
Allen grieve the loss.
Leland s divorced mother is desperate to see her son.
His father  famous writer Albert Fitzgerald  discovers his son s fate to be there for the trial.
Leland is schooled.
Who is searching.
Pearl senses there is something different about the emotionally detached Leland  and helps him circumvent the prison rules.
He can keep a journal.
Pearl sleeps and tells her.
His girlfriend is out in Los Angeles.
He is going to write a book.
Leland reveals his childhood memories such as his grandmother s funeral and traveling long distances to visit his father.
One time  he decided to stay rather than continue on to see his father.
A kindhearted family  the Calderons  decided to take him.
He could nt find a hotel to sleep in.
He continued to visit the family  and was especially captivated by Mrs Calderon.
The two also discuss Leland s history  Ryan s sister.
He had met her innocently and begun regularly walking home with her and Ryan after school.
They had grown to love each other.
Leland recalled.
A time when Becky asked him to promise her everything s gon na be okay  that he had no control over bad things that could happen.
Sometimes it s just nice to hear things one hopes to be true.
She explained.
Pearl covertly arranges a meeting at his hotel.
Albert realizes and refuses to let his son be exploited - something.
He asks.
Pearl is researching.
He is guilty.
He eventually tells the prison supervisor with Leland  leading him to be reassigned to another section of the prison.
Leland discovers.
Becky had had an affair.
Becky starts to see Kevin again and decides to break up.
He gets out.
He argues.
Her  but ultimately realizes the futility he can do or say to change her mind  saying that neither the tears nor the amount of his love - he says he still dreams about her - can change the fact that she does not love him in return.
Pearl says  he should be angry.
She betrayed him.
Leland replies.
He is sad  but not angry.
Pearl begins to realize the implications through his discussions with Leland  and admits his own failings.
Eventually  his girlfriend discovers his tryst.
They have a fight.
Meanwhile  Julie decides to break up and does nt want him to go to college.
Brokenhearted  he holds up an auto repair shop and allows himself to be arrested.
He is sent as Leland.
Where he steals a knife and kills Leland for what he has done to the Pollard family.
Pearl flies to reconcile with his girlfriend and reads Leland s final entries in his journal.
Leland had discovered  it is implied.
Mrs Calderon had divorced her husband and that the spark was gone.
Leland and Mrs Calderon had slept together.
Afterwards  Leland writes  he begins noticing a sadness  driving him into a deep depression.
One day   the boy becomes frustrated.
He walks Ryan home.
Leland helps him  gives him a hug  and whispers in his ear.
Everything is going to be okay.
<EOS>
Wu Zetian is about to be crowned the first Empress in China despite opposition from Tang officials.
To mark this occasion  she is having a colossal Buddha figure built overlooking her palace.
However an official inspecting the Buddha s progress mysteriously erupts.
Pei Donglai  an officer  and his superior investigate and interrogates the supervising builder a man named Shatuo and lost his hand.
Who was imprisoned.
He took part.
Pei s superior catches fire.
She is overseeing her palace guards.
The Empress and her attendant Shangguan Jing ` er receive a message.
Who speaks.
He says.
Di Renjie  who was jailed  must be the one to solve the mystery of the fire.
They are attacked.
When Jing ` er goes to fetch Di.
Wu returns to Di his position  and charges him with solving the case of the phantom flame.
She assigns Jing ` er.
Tries to seduce Di.
Staying  Jing ` er.
They end up facing more assassins.
Di meets Prince Li.
Who is becoming Empress.
Li tries to persuade Di to lead another rebellion  Di refuses.
The next day Pei   takes.
Who has been promoted.
Di and Jing ` er to inspect the charred remains and sees that a caged bird that was struck by one of the assassin s arrows the night before has caught on fire.
Di finds.
The arrows the assassins used contain a poison that ignites with sunlight  which was used to kill the two officials.
Pei joins Di.
Di reunites with his friend Shatuo.
Shatuo reveals.
He suspects a chemical made called fire beetles  maybe have been used to create the igniting poison.
He points Di.
Who is hiding.
Pei orders Shauto arrested.
When he interrogated him before.
Di waves off the order saying.
He can trust his old friend.
Di  Pei  and Jing ` er find Wang  however they are pursued by a figure.
Who seems to be the Chaplain.
Jing ` er denies this and goes.
Pei follows to help her but chases the figure out.
Intruders would be killed immediately  so Pei leaves and meets up.
Donkey Wang reveals.
He had been the court physician  and tried to use the fire beetles.
He fled - their body excretes a liquid.
When he discovered that the fire beetles were dangerous.
Catches fire when exposed.
Wang is able to use a process called transfiguration to change his appearance.
Prince Li finds Di and gives him back his mace.
Has a special ability.
This mace was given by the previous Emperor but confiscated.
When he was imprisoned.
Di maintains his political neutrality.
Li refuses to have Di killed  however Li is himself assassinated.
Wang had been raising the fire beetles  leading Di to suspect the Chaplain s involvement.
Jing ` er informs Wu.
Wu meets Di with Jing ` er.
Her royal guards and warns him.
He will be killed if he tries to enter the Monastery.
Pei arrives and announces  allowing Di to escape.
Prince Li has been killed.
Pei has a theory.
The first official might have been killed.
Pei visits his household and finds.
His study was mysteriously burned.
Luckily  the official moved his work.
Pei finds.
He had indeed discovered something.
He takes the diagrams  however he is pursued and taken captive.
Di uncovers the fact.
The Chaplain is Jing ` er using transfiguration  and speculates that the Empress has used the figure of the Chaplain as a way of justifying her tyranny with a supposedly divine source.
He says.
Knowing the Empress s secrets puts Jing ` er.
An anguished Jing ` er attacks him  but finds herself unable to kill him.
She carries him out.
Where she trips several wires  releasing javelins which impale her.
Di fulfils her final request.
When he wakes up.
She dies.
Di then finds Pei.
Pei erupts immediately upon being exposed to sunlight.
He reveals.
The diagrams are hidden.
Di consults the diagrams and goes.
Where he confronts Shatuo.
Di has discovered.
Shatuo has been planning to kill the Empress.
Shatuo admits.
He intends to kill Wu.
He altered the Buddha s construction  adding two ducts to pour molten metal to melt the statue s foundations.
Hollowing out two beams.
It would fall.
He killed the two officials.
They noticed the changes  and later killed Prince Li.
He also reveals.
He has taken Prince Li s seal and has the late Prince s army ready to invade the city and kill Wu if she somehow survives.
Shatuo sent Di to give his assassins the opportunity to kill Di.
Using their friendship to cast blame away.
Di and Shatuo fight.
Shatuo drenches Di by fire beetles.
Shatuo reminds Di.
He led why he is fighting to protect her.
Di admits.
She is evil.
He can not let her die.
The resulting chaos will harm the innocent.
Workers start to pour the molten metal.
Di knocks one duct aside to change the direction.
Infuriated  Shatuo fills a bottle and rushes to the coronation on horseback  however Di catches up with him and spills the water over Shatuo instead.
Shatuo burns.
Di manages to reach the coronation to save the Empress from the collapsing statue  and warn her of Prince Li s rebel army near the city.
The Empress is grateful.
Di makes her promise to be a just ruler and to return power to the Tang line.
Her reign is over.
Di refuses her offer to stay.
Instead he passes his mace  and retreats into the Phantom Bazaar.
Where there is no sunlight.
Donkey Wang informs him.
There is very little chance that he will be able to cure Di.
Di replies.
He is now at peace.
The two enter the Bazaar.
The sun rises.
The epilogue states.
Wu reigned in China s history  and kept her promise to Di  resigning after fifteen years.
<EOS>
The film follows a young woman.
Who goes to take up a new position working.
She soon begins to believe.
She is losing her mind when she starts being terrorized.
<EOS>
Simon plays Jonah Levin  a once-popular folk rock star  and.
Who has not had a hit.
Who now opens.
He is trying to record a new album  but faces a number  including a trendy but talentless producer  and an indifferent record company.
Who is trying to convince him to have sex.
Is pressuring him.
He is also trying to restore his relationship.
The character wears a baseball cap.
The title derives.
The OED s first citation is.
The film has been saidJackson  Laura.
Paul Simon  The Definitive Bio.
New York  Citadel Press.
P 163 to be based.
Walter Fox  the record company executive portrayed  was rumored to be based on Walter Yetnikoff.
Who was President in the.
The film featured the last appearance  in a simulated TV show appearance.
An album was released concurrently.
All are featured in the film  most in a differently mixed version  e.
G. 
The song Jonah features a harmonica solo.
Is removed.
The film contains one Paul Simon song not featured  Jonah Levin s fictional sixties hit Soft Parachutes.
<EOS>
.
Joseph Charlegrand is a former French soldier.
Whose best friend and comrade was murdered in Mexico.
Looking  Charlegrand is heading for a martial arts tournament in the USA.
The murderer takes his pride.
Some American rogues take him for a Yankee and ambush him.
He can fight them off but loses his horse.
He runs out of water and eventually breaks down.
Two young farmers save his life.
They are molested and eventually seriously attacked.
When the farmers go.
Who wants their land very badly.
The film s protagonist returns the farmer s favour.
Yet it is obvious.
They need further support.
Consequently he stays and even instructs Cain.
How to fight  so that he might win the martial arts tournament and hereby earn the money they need to pay the new taxes.
But night masked.
One loses a precision dice.
Cain recognises this object  follows the culprit and confronts him.
All farmers are ready to sell out.
Cain has been shot dead.
The hero decides  hence he takes the dead farmer s place and tells the farmers to bet all their money on him.
He must nt let that happen.
His friend s murderer  the German-speaking von Trotta is hired.
Order to prevent him.
But the bad guys leave nothing and also take Mary Parker as hostage.
Charlegrand manages to cause enough confusion to disappear.
That he can free Mary and force Colonel Jones to spill the beans.
The alleged new taxes turn out to be a hoax.
The farmer s savings are and.
They still need him to win the tournament.
Therefore his final battle must nt be postponed.
Though Charlegrand has been shot.
<EOS>
A burglar plans a bank heist  but experiences a change of heart.
He takes a job playing Santa Claus.
<EOS>
The duo are employed as Broadway press agents.
Miles and Strager s latest idea is to hire a genuine zombie.
The boys head.
Where they meet the beautiful cabaret singer Jean la Dance.
Jean wants passage off the island.
Miles and Strager eventually meet up.
Unknown  the professor s zombie has captured Jean and brought her to the Professor s secret laboratory   Jean awakes to find herself gagged and strapped to a table as the Professor s next test subject.
Miles and Strager investigate the house.
His guard dogs detect intruders.
He can proceed to give Jean the serum.
Jean is quickly spirited.
Where she is tied up.
Strager becomes zombified.
The boys must face the wrath.
When Strager comes out.
Who is more frightening then anything they ve seen yet.
<EOS>
Alex Manning is a troubled suburban teenager.
Her mother committed.
Suicide and the school counselor feels that she has not dealt properly.
Manning and her friends decide to visit the local video arcade known.
Where a new virtual reality arcade game called Arcade is being test marketed.
It is.
However  it soon becomes clear.
The teenagers who play the game and lose are being imprisoned by the central villain  Arcade.
It would seem.
Arcade was once a little boy who was beaten by his mother.
The computer company felt.
It would be a good idea to use some in order to make the game s villain more realistic.
Instead  it made the game deadly.
Nick and Alex enlist the help and head to the video arcade for a final showdown with Arcade and his deadly virtual world.
She also ended up freeing the evil little boy.
Alex is able to release her friends.
Who taunts Alex.
<EOS>
Annapolis  Maryland.
The film begins.
It then focuses.
Who contacts the police.
The investigators immediately see Brian.
He was when the murders occurred and because he is too calm considering the circumstances.
Chris Hannigan  Brian s 7-year-old brother  tells the police.
He saw his other brother  17-year old Daniel  an aggressive patient  walking away from the house only seconds after the tragedy.
He becomes the prime suspect.
Daniel denies having been around the time of the murder.
Tom Kelley is an attorney.
Who believes and starts to collect information himself.
Brian tells him.
He was adopted.
Before Daniel was adopted as well.
He reveals.
Although they seemed to be the perfect family  their parents were abusive because he was always getting into trouble.
The court orders.
When blood is found.
Him to be separated.
He is taken  much to the fear of Tom s wife Liz.
Brian admits and describes a conversation Barbara.
He was always too afraid to speak his mind.
Which Maureen expressed her anger when things do not go the way she wants them to  referring.
Brian describes.
Daniel came later that day  expressing the hatred he feels towards his parents.
He was kicked out shortly after and sent back to foster care.
Three months later  Daniel was caught.
Ended up.
Brian found a way to secretly contact Daniel.
Maureen became very overprotective.
Back  Chris tells the police.
The guy walking away after the murder was nt Daniel  but Brian.
Criminal attorney  Ken Pierson  also discovered.
A dozen calls were made to Daniel including the night of the murders.
Investigators start to think.
Brian and Daniel were both responsible.
Kelley then meets Barbara.
Who took Brian  and tells him that Brian s birth mother abandoned Brian for days until the state took custody of him putting him into a foster care system like Daniel.
Barbara then said.
Brian had six.
He finally reveals.
When Kelley tells Brian that the police are going to ask him a lot.
What really happened that night.
Brian arrived home late after going out with Lisa Kensington  a girl.
Who is known for being promiscuous.
His parents found out and reacted furiously  blaming him.
Brian then calls up Daniel.
Who tells Brian to leave the house.
Brian refuses fearing.
Maureen and Joe will do the same thing.
Later that night he overheard his parents agreeing.
Upset and enraged  he stabbed both his parents with a butcher knife.
Maureen was almost able to get away.
He followed her and killed her with an axe without noticing.
Chris was watching him.
Brian stated moved every time.
He never told Daniel and that he gets emotionally.
He speaks up.
Brian is then arrested and Kelley returns home disappointed.
It is stated.
Brian served eight years in Maryland and that Daniel remained having trouble with the law several times and is sent to prison and that Chris got adopted by a loving family.
<EOS>
Emily Crane is fired  and takes a part-time job as companion to an old lady.
One day her attention is drawn.
One is her main senator.
Starting to look  she gradually enlists the help of FBI officer Cochran.
Who was initially detailed to check her out.
<EOS>
As the Iraqi invasion of Kuwait begins.
Iraqi forces and tanks roll.
CNN picks Robert Wiener and his crew to go to Baghdad and cover the invasion.
Wiener meets his colleague and producer Ingrid Formanek.
Wiener and his crew arrive  and stay at the Al-Rasheed Hotel.
They notice.
They settle.
They are being monitored.
The crew report their first story.
They get pressured.
They continue to report stories.
Wiener later meets the Iraqi Minister  and requests pieces of equipment and an interview with Hussein.
Wiener and Al Hadithi become friends.
The movie goes on.
Wiener and his crew get access.
The Iraqis use the American hostages.
An American named Bob Vinton  Vinton goes missing.
Wiener becomes worried.
Later  Al Hadithi gives CBS and Dan.
Al Hadithi gives Wiener and his crew a trip to Kuwait.
They arrive.
The crew cover the incubator story.
Then Iraqis call off the interviews.
The CNN crew broke some ground rules.
Wiener and the crew become the story to be in Kuwait.
Soon as they arrive back.
Al Hadithi agrees to give CNN a Saddam Hussein interview.
Bernard Shaw and the CNN crew interview Saddam Hussein at one of his presidential palaces.
Hussein states.
Iraq withdrawing would be like the U.
S.
Withdrawing. 
The crew then covers the release from Iraq.
Wiener then finds Bob Vinton and is emotionally moved.
The United Nations gives Iraq to withdraw from Kuwait  or face military action.
The crew sees.
The deadline comes.
The Iraqi Army is installing anti-aircraft guns.
The crew then gets.
A piece called the four-wire  which gives them communications to CNN in Atlanta.
The four-wire is essentially a direct phone line.
It can hit the satellite above and then go to Atlanta  CNN headquarters.
The Iraqis eventually find out.
The crew have established communication.
The CNN crew is the only foreign news group.
The crew eventually believe.
There will be war.
Bernard Shaw arrives.
Streets are empty.
Soon as the deadline expires.
Businesses are shut down.
Americans and foreign news groups begin evacuating Baghdad in fear of American bombing strikes.
Wiener decides to stay.
Some members decide to leave.
M. 
S.
F-117 Nighthawk Stealth Fighters begin to bomb Baghdad.
Iraqi soldiers begin to fire anti-aircraft guns.
CNN correspondents Bernard Shaw  John Holliman and Peter Arnett begin to report and describe the bombings.
Soon as the bombing strikes begin.
The reports are broadcasted live.
The film shows the points from Saddam Hussein and U.
S.
President George H.
W.
Bush watching the CNN reports.
It also intersperses actual archival footage from rival networks  having to report off CNN s live feed.
CNN was the only news source transmitting.
Other archival footage is  during a news conference as Bush s Defense Secretary  stating The best coverage  and NBC News anchor Tom Brokaw stating  CNN used to be called the little network.
I ve seen.
Could. 
It s no longer a little network.
M. 
The crew is forced by Al Hadithi and Iraqi soldiers.
Most leaves Baghdad  including Formanek and Shaw.
Wiener stays  returning on January.
The film ended showing the destruction from bombings in Baghdad.
<EOS>
Forgotten Silver purports to tell the story.
Presenter Peter Jackson claims to have found.
McKenzie is presented  single-handedly inventing the tracking shot  the close-up  and both sound and color film years before their historically documented creation.
The film also shows fragments.
A ` computer enhancement  providing clear evidence.
New Zealander Richard Pearse was the first man to invent a powered aircraft  several months prior.
The film also shows a premiere screening.
It features deadpan commentary.
McKenzie is a fictional character.
The films featured were all created by Peter Jackson  carefully mimicking the style of early cinema.
The interviewees are all acting.
Thomas Robins  the actor  is today more easily recognized.
Who portrays Colin MacKenzie.
<EOS>
Introduction   this one revolves around Ralph Wolf trying to steal the sheep guarded by Sam Sheepdog.
Where Ralph will not attempt to steal any sheep until Ralph and Sam have officially started.
.
Sam sits on the edge of his cliff to watch over the sheep  Ralph is already attempting to carry a sheep away.
Sam casually pushes a rock.
Falls. 
Ralph places the sheep on the ground and lets.
It go just before he falls unconscious and grows a large lump.
.
Ralph next attempts to drop a large boulder.
A tree branch catches the boulder and propels.
It upwards again as it crushes Ralph.
.
Ralph s next attempt is to get a sheep.
Sam casually grabs the pole  lowers it.
Ralph is eye level.
.
Next  Ralph attempts to sneak by surrounding himself with a cloud of smoke from an Acme smoke bomb.
Sam heads him off and drops a stick of dynamite in his smoke cloud.
Ralph stumbles back in a cloud of black smoke.
He accidentally falls off a cliff.
.
He uses an Acme disguise.
The box is labelled Acme artificial rock.
Have fun.
Be popular.
Be a rock.
Ralph breaks apart.
All move back.
.
Ralph s next attempt is to dive off a cliff.
Carrying a fishing rod to snag a sheep.
He unwittingly snags his balloon and rips the balloon  sending him flying into the horizon.
He casts his rod.
.
Ralph then attempts under the field.
He feels.
He reaches up.
What appears to be four sheep legs strapped.
Believing this to be a sheep  he pulls it.
He places the riven drum back.
Where it was sitting.
Blackened and dejected  he refills his tunnel.
.
He swims through a stream with a pedal-powered submarine to catch a sheep.
Is taking a drink.
Sam holds a sign.
He swims.
Reads DETOUR.
Ralph falls off a waterfall.
.
Ralph next attempts to propel Sam by placing an improvised teeter totter under Sam and dropping a rock on it from a large height.
Sam is propelled straight upward toward Ralph s cliff  upon.
Where he grabs Ralph and begins punching him in the face.
Finally  the punch clock whistle blows and Ralph and Sam change shifts.
Their replacements stand.
George begins punching Fred.
<EOS>
The Stooges run a tailor shop.
Is about to be repossessed.
They think.
When the Boys hear.
Catching him might end their financial woes.
Hargan conveniently ducks.
The officer enters and leaves a suit.
Hargan returns.
His girlfriend fails to retrieve the combination.
A wild melee follows.
The Stooges miss out but wind up with the crook s bankroll to pay off their debts.
<EOS>
It is September.
It is clear.
The Vietnam War is lost.
Who came during the Peace movement of the.
Roland Bozz  a draftee  is shown to be an unruly soldier  he disobeys orders and talks back to his superiors.
Who is opposed.
He quickly befriends another recruit  Jim Paxton  an aspiring writer.
Who records his experiences.
Paxton volunteered for the Army.
Captain Saunders makes it clear.
Every soldier who passes will be sent to Vietnam.
He also states.
Any political views are irrelevant at this point.
Another side is shown.
The film progresses.
Having x-ray vision  Bozz finds ways for soldiers to get out of the army  one but finds himself way over his head.
He has not only his children  but a handicapped wife  and later another soldier  Miter  who joined to prove his manhood.
Another soldier approaches Bozz while on leave and asks for help getting out  saying  or go see Roland Bozz.
I was told if you do nt wan na go.
Bozz also shows his reasoning.
Eventually Bozz s natural leadership and ability earns him the title.
Another private named.
Wilson  a racial bigot and instigator  continuously demeans Miter and Bozz.
Bozz is the only one.
Retaliates. 
Results. 
Paxton helps break up the fight and also earns the hatred.
Later  he s going to kill him.
Doing live fire exercises  Wilson goes with a pistol  telling him.
Bozz tries to take away the gun.
The two wrestle each other  Wilson getting the upper hand and putting the gun to the back of Bozz s head and pulling the trigger.
Miraculously  the gun misfires  saving Bozz s life.
The Commanding Officer lets.
Bozz choose the punishment  have Wilson court-martialed or let me deal  strongly suggesting the latter.
Bozz says.
He wants Wilson out because he recognizes Wilson has taken an emotional beating ever since his inability to command became obvious.
Bozz leaves the office saying.
He wants Wilson out.
The platoon is sent - a forested training area designed as the best possible replica of Vietnam.
Bozz  squad acts as villagers in a mock Vietnamese village  with one squad member designated as a VC sympathizer  and competes with another squad charged with rooting the sympathizer out.
This other squad is led.
Who was not kicked out after all.
Wilson tells Bozz.
The exercise ends.
He will kill him no matter what it takes.
Soon thereafter  Bozz is about ready to make an escape with the aid of some civilians.
He paid.
Platoon member Johnson sees him and tells him to stop  Johnson tells him  Wilson will go.
He runs away.
He will be responsible.
The scene ends.
The next morning falls in  Bozz comes back  acting.
If he had merely gone off to urinate.
Bozz s squad and Wilson s squad are pitted against each other on patrolling missions.
He replaces his blank cartridges and removes his blank-firing adaptor.
Wilson s squad prepares.
He opens fire.
Bozz s squad nears.
It is obvious.
He does not hit anyone.
The trainer tries to intervene.
Bozz is standing and deliberately fires a blank round with his rifle muzzle near Paxton s face  the flash wounding Paxton s eye.
He does.
The trainer aims a pistol  telling him he will be.
The entire platoon gets ready to head to Vietnam  except Paxton.
Whose eye injury  though not permanent  has earned him a medical discharge.
Bozz and the others board a bus and he and Paxton exchange farewells.
Paxton tells Bozz.
He s going to write.
Bozz says.
He wo nt.
He has stolen Paxton s journal and rips.
The platoon s bus drives off  leaving Paxton scrambling to recover them.
Bozz tosses the journal.
The bus speeds away.
Paxton then is told.
He was never listed  others said.
He just disappeared.
Another soldier called Paxton and said.
He thinks he saw Bozz with a beautiful woman.
<EOS>
David  a plumber  creates a new identity as a way to meet women.
Who is unsuccessful.
Passes. 
Complicating the situation is the script stolen.
Who uses his success to further her own ambitions.
<EOS>
Michael Corleone is nearing 60 and wracked with guilt for his ruthless rise to power  especially ordering the murder of his brother Fredo.
He has mostly retired from the Mafia  leaving the Corleone family s criminal interests in the hands of enforcer Joey Zasa  and is using his tremendous wealth and power to restore his reputation via numerous acts of charity.
Michael and Kay have been divorced.
Michael gave her custody.
Patrick s Old Cathedral  Michael is named a Commander.
Sebastian.
Anthony tells his father.
He is going to drop out to pursue a career as an opera singer.
Kay supports his choice.
Michael disagrees  wishing.
His son would either finish law school or join the family business.
Anthony refuses to have anything to do.
Michael and Kay have an uneasy reunion.
Which Kay tells him.
Anthony knows the truth.
Meanwhile  Vincent Mancini  the illegitimate son  shows up at the party.
He is embroiled with Zasa.
Who has involved the Corleone family and turned Little Italy into a slum.
Michael s sister Connie arranges a sit-down in Michael s study.
The discussion erupts.
Which Vincent bites Zasa.
That night Vincent has a one-night stand.
Two men armed break in and try to kill him.
Vincent kills them both  but not.
Zasa sent them.
Michael is troubled  but is nonetheless impressed by his loyalty  and agrees to take his nephew under his wing.
Meanwhile  Michael busies himself  He has recently bought up enough stock in International Immobiliare  an international real estate holding company known as the world s biggest landlord  to become its largest single shareholder  with six seats on the company s 13-member board of directors.
He now makes a tender offer to buy the Vatican s 25 % interest.
Will give him controlling interest.
Knowing  he negotiates a deal to pay $ 600 million in exchange for the shares.
Archbishop Gilday  who serves  has run up a massive deficit.
The deal is quickly approved.
However  it must be ratified by Pope Paul VI.
Who is gravely ill.
The deal is in limbo.
Don Altobello  an elderly New York Mafia boss and old friend  soon visits Michael  telling him.
His old partners want in on the Immobiliare deal.
Michael  however  is adamant.
The deal shall be untainted.
A meeting is arranged.
Michael appeases most with payoffs from the sale of his Las Vegas holdings.
Zasa  however  gets nothing and declares.
Michael is his enemy and storms out.
Altobello tells Michael and follows close behind.
He will try to reason.
Minutes later  a helicopter hovers and sprays it with submachine gun fire.
Most are killed.
Michael  Vincent  and Michael s bodyguard  Al Neri  escape.
Back  Vincent tells Michael.
Those mob bosses who escaped the massacre made deals.
Michael knows.
Zasa was not the mastermind.
Vincent wants to kill Zasa.
Michael refuses.
He suffers a diabetic stroke and is hospitalized  but.
He considers how to respond.
Before realizing Altobello is the traitor.
Vincent begins a romantic relationship with Mary and plots revenge against Zasa.
Neri and Connie give Vincent permission to act.
Hosted by Zasa s Italian American civil rights group  Vincent s men gun down Zasa s bodyguards.
Vincent  disguised  shoots Zasa dead.
He berates Vincent.
When Michael discovers this.
Michael also insists.
Vincent end his relationship  because Vincent s involvement in the family s criminal enterprises puts her life in jeopardy.
The family takes a vacation.
They stay.
Michael tells Vincent to speak and tell him.
He is planning to leave the Corleone family.
Altobello supports the idea  and introduces him to Don Licio Lucchesi  a powerful Italian political figure and Immobiliare s chairman.
Michael realizes  and visits Cardinal Lamberto  the man favored to become the next Pope  to speak.
The Immobiliare deal is an elaborate conspiracy to swindle him out of his money.
Lamberto convinces Michael to make his first confession.
Which he tearfully admits.
Lamberto tells Michael.
He deserves to suffer  but that his life could still be redeemed.
Altobello travels to the small village of Montelepre.
Where he hires Mosca  a veteran hitman  to assassinate Michael.
A few days later  Mosca and his son Lupe  disguised  attempt to kidnap Don Tommasino and force him to allow them entry to his villa.
Tommasino refuses.
Mosca kills him.
Michael asks.
Touring Sicily.
Michael receives word.
They both admit that they still love each other.
Tommasino is dead.
Michael swears over his old friend s coffin to sin no more.
Cardinal Lamberto is elected Pope John Paul I.
Means that the Immobiliare deal will likely be ratified.
The new Pope s intentions come to the plot against the ratification of the Immobiliare deal  prompting frantic attempts by the plotters to cover their own tracks.
Vincent tells Michael.
He has learned on his life.
Michael sees  and makes him the new Don.
His nephew is a changed man.
Vincent agrees to put an end to his relationship with Mary.
The family travels to see Anthony perform the lead in Pietro Mascagni s Cavalleria rusticana  a tale of murderous revenge in a Sicilian setting.
Meanwhile  Vincent exacts his own revenge  Keinszig is abducted.
Who smother him and hang him from a bridge to make his death look like a suicide.
Don Altobello  also attending the opera  eats poisoned cannoli.
His goddaughter Connie gives him.
He dies.
Connie watches sadly.
Al Neri travels.
Where he shoots Archbishop Gilday.
Finally  Calo meets.
Calo stabs him.
He pretends to whisper the message.
The killings are too late to save the Pope  however.
The Pope drinks poisoned tea provided by Archbishop Gilday and soon dies in his bed.
Hours after he approves the Immobiliare deal.
Mosca  still disguised and armed with a sniper rifle  descends upon the opera house during Anthony s performance  killing three of Vincent s men and preparing to shoot his target from a box.
The opera ends.
He has the chance to pull the trigger.
The assassin retreats and tries to shoot Michael there.
Mary confronts her father about the forced break-up with Vincent.
Mosca fires twice  wounding Michael and accidentally killing Mary.
Vincent then shoots him dead.
Michael cradles Mary s body and screams in agony.
Kay and Connie weep.
The scene dissolves.
He has lost.
The film ends.
He slumps over  falls sideways to the ground  and dies alone  apart from his dog.
<EOS>
Harry is a seasoned CIA agent -- a jazz club owner.
Who is looking to forget his past and become his cover identity.
Natasha is a young  ambitious SVR agent.
Who is looking to secure a future for herself amidst the chaos.
Originally assigned to spy  Natasha has fallen in love with the object of her spying.
Her assignment has led.
They are keeping secrets from each other.
The secrets have international implications.
Harry s life is disrupted.
When a young  over-zealous CIA agent  Dave  comes to intercept a videotape encoded with state secrets en route from New York.
The videotape s hidden code is so sensitive.
Those who come with the tape are soon killed.
Dave is pursuing the unsuspecting courier  a manic ex-bond trader named Max.
Who is unaware.
Max took the job  following his recent prison term for stock market fraud.
Natasha sees the videotape.
Everyone involved except Harry is planning to exploit the encoded videotape.
Harry s only plan is to prevent Natasha.
Herself killed -- or worse.
<EOS>
A married and faithful Italian woman finds herself pregnant.
The same day her husband is discovered to be sterile.
Track is included a famous song of Sixties  the Mina s version of Canta Ragazzina.
<EOS>
The film opens.
He has dug up.
Is the skull.
Skeleton Man then chases the archaeologist s assistant.
Skeleton Man  now  kills a soldier and chases his partner.
The second soldier manages to record a video and send it back to his bosses.
They receive it and send to deal with this unknown threat.
A female soldier falls behind and is impaled.
They advance.
The team finds an old Indian man.
Who tells them that Skeleton Man  known  was a genocidal warrior that killed his tribe and is now stalking them.
The team pays him no heed.
Meanwhile  Cottonmouth Joe slaughters the workers.
That night  two sentries are also killed.
The team s scout also disappears.
The next day  the team encounters Cottonmouth Joe.
The heavy weapons specialist charges him but is killed.
The team opens fire.
A support helicopter is also destroyed.
One man goes to recover the heavy weapons specialist s body but finds it missing.
The squad then discovers the team scout.
Whom they accidentally shot.
The team tries to lure their adversary  but run out of ammo.
Another trooper is killed.
Is the team sharpshooter who has her skull crushed.
The two remaining troopers -LRB- Captain Leary and Lt.
Scott again try to lure Cottonmouth Joe.
Skeleton man ends his pursuit and heads to a nearby chemical plant.
Where he kills several workers  two guards  the manager and several scientists.
The two remaining soldiers arrive and find the place surrounded.
Captain Leary takes a sheriff s Armsel Striker and goes to confront the undead adversary.
Captain Leary lures Cottonmouth Joe into a generator room and blows him up with electric current.
They suddenly reverse and show Skeleton Man back indicating.
The film s credits begin to roll.
He has survived.
<EOS>
Abbas Ali lives.
They are legally fighting.
But the odds turn.
They lose.
Their well wisher  Shastri Chacha  advises and convinces them to migrate.
Where he assures Abbas that he will get him a job.
The owner being none other.
Abbas enters Ranakpur village.
He breaks open the lock but fate plays an important twist in Abbas  life.
Saving a child trapped.
The whole village opposes Abbas  actions but Prithviraj arrives and handles the situation.
Abbas s friend comes out with a fake name ` Abhishek Bachchan.
It would create a rage if villagers came to know that the lock had been broken by a Muslim.
Starts a series where to cover one lie.
He also has a twin brother.
Starts the topsy-turvy journey of a single person acting as two different entities.
Prithviraj is made to believe.
Abbas is a gay.
So he appoints Abbas to his sister Radhika.
This makes Abbas to work to Radhika at night as Abbas.
Soon  Radhika and Abbas fall.
Prithviraj comes to know the truth.
He likes Abbas s character and spares them.
<EOS>
The story  a Communist re-telling  is about a young boy.
Who dreams as a version of Gulliver who has landed in Lilliput suffering under capitalist inequality and exploitation.
<EOS>
Passengers get quite ill after eating the chicken pot pie entree.
Both pilots also ate the chicken.
A man is reluctantly pressed.
Who has not flown.
Where he makes a very neurotic  but survivable landing.
The theme would be used again.
<EOS>
A mysterious stranger can not remember his past or.
What has brought him.
Broken and confused  he will slowly find.
What happened.
But  it will not be easy.
<EOS>
The young journalist Bachmann is released by the intervention of Cesar Boyd  a respected and prosperous journalist.
Who hires him.
Bachmann had been for his attempt to interview war criminals at Spandau prison.
Bachmann works.
Who acts  however.
Bettina  the daughter comes to study in Berlin and will stay at Boyd.
Both Bachmann develop an interest.
Who picks her up.
A story is not prepared  and Boyd.
Has to go out.
Listening from his chauffeur Jupp  in the last minute makes up a story of five German soldiers who have lived in a supply bunker in Poland for six years where they had gotten trapped when it was exploded at the end of the war.
There is one survivor  now blind.
Who was brought.
The story becomes.
An international sensation and people want to know more.
Journalists are sent to investigate.
The Russians suspect the story to be a ruse to send spies.
Pressure is put to release the blind soldier.
Widows believe.
The blind soldier may be their missing husband.
Bachmann recognizes.
Who initially thought that Boyd had reliable sources  soon.
It is all a big lie.
He breaks  and tries to warn the public about the hoax.
He convinces Bettina.
Both leave him to start a new beginning.
<EOS>
The film begins.
Where the original television series finishes.
ALF is kept at Edmonds Air Force Base under the xenophobic orders of Colonel Milfoil.
He manages to charm his airmen jailers and convert his cell.
Acting  Milfoil plans on killing his prisoner under the guise of a beauty treatment.
Which he has left a paper trail implicating his aide de camp  Lieutenant Reese.
Learning -- Major Mellisa Hill and Capt.
Rick Mullican -- help ALF escape  going to ground.
He is ordered to Go hide.
ALF makes a nuisance.
Unwilling to do  ALF sneaks outside and contacts one of his former guards in an attempt to arrange a supply drop  before mistakenly entering a Strip Club assuming from its name.
It is an eating establishment that serves cats.
The three of them turn to Dexter Moyers  a former NASA scientist falsely discredited by the government as part of the anti-UFO conspiracy.
His solution is to publicly reveal ALF s existence  removing the US Government s credibility and vindicating himself.
Rick grows increasingly uncomfortable.
Hints. 
The following day  he contacts a friend  aware.
Milfoil will be monitoring the conversation and come directly.
He is arrested shortly and brokers a deal exchanging safe conduct for the three fugitives in return for revealing the impending broadcast.
Predicted. 
Meanwhile  Mellisa learns.
Moyers has set up a secret auction  intending to sell the alien to the highest bidder.
He imprisons her.
She refuses to take part.
Alf  unaware  revels in being the center of attention until stage fright and the increasing hostility of his host result in ALF locking himself in the bathroom.
Provides the military.
Both Melissa and ALF are arrested.
Milfoil reneges.
He unwittingly reveals his murderous intentions on a security recording.
Finds its way.
Reese.
Back  Milfoil gloats.
ALF s escape means he will be able to convince his superiors to have the alien executed openly  Milfoil s hatred being revealed.
However  Reese interrupts a meeting to play the tape  revealing the Colonel s malfeasance.
It s not shown.
What happens after his exposure.
It is implied.
He gets fired and is sent to jail for the rest of his life.
A military panel authorizes promotions.
Naturally  the scene ends.
They ve made the right choice.
<EOS>
Sasirekha is the daughter.
Who is a strict disciplinarian and hates any kind.
Ravi  an orphan falls with Sasi.
She also slowly develops feelings.
One day Ravi meets Sasi s father and tells him all about his love.
But accidentally he gets killed in a scuffle.
Sasi soon finds out.
The real culprit is Ravi.
Infuriated  she.
Ravi  unable to bear the rejection  jumps.
He escapes death  only to be told.
He is impotent.
Forms the climax.
Whether Sasi & Ravi unite.
<EOS>
An armoured truck carrying $ 100 million is attacked by a criminal gang.
Calls themselves the Ronin Gang as it stops at a traffic junction in front of a jewellery shop.
All the security guards were shot dead.
Responding police officers suffered serious casualties.
The explosions also killed several civilians.
Six months later  the same gang reappears  injuring a group of policemen  two critically  during a spot check.
The dead woman was CID detective Chan Chun s fiancee.
The injured policeman are led.
Both officers vow revenge.
Wai King-ho is a rookie cop.
Whose older brother  Wai King-tat  also a police officer  has been missing.
Deeply upset.
His brother has become a part while infiltrating as an undercover  he was suspended from duty due to this connections with his now wanted brother  and later confronted by both Chan and Fong who demand his brother s whereabouts.
They form an alliance.
Wai is rescued in a fight at a nightclub.
Little Tiger is captured and is forced to lead the police to the gang s hideout.
The gang appears however and kills Tiger  while injuring Chan and several of his colleagues.
It turns out.
The surviving security guard is Ho Wing-keung  the manager  who colludes with the gang to rob the armoured truck.
He is tracked down to a psychiatric hospital.
Where he feigns a mental breakdown to escape detection.
Chan  Fong and Wai arrive  but fail to prevent his escape with the gang.
Who threaten his family to force him out.
They run.
The three pursue the gang.
Where the gang shoots several police officers  hijacks a mini-bus with young children  and takes Wai as a hostage in the bus.
Chan and Fong go in another car.
The gang members and the police officers engage.
Which Wai discovers that his brother has his background exposed and killed.
Ho is killed to silence him  Wai is left handcuffed to the bus with the children and a timer bomb.
Chan and Fong are forced to collect the stolen cash while chained to another timer bomb.
Wai manages to free himself and rescue all the children  and discovers  suggesting.
The bomb is fake.
Ronin has no intention to harm the children.
Chan and Fong approaches a man.
The man turns out to be Chief Inspector Sam.
Who is leading an operation to nab the gang.
The operation goes awry  the timer bomb is ignited safely.
Sam was pulled away to a secluded area.
Where they attempt to explain their situation.
It is then revealed  and is promptly killed  resulting and Fong becoming suspects for the murder.
Sam is also colluding.
Chan and Fong realise.
The real mastermind is Senior Superintendent Cheung Man-yiu  who has orchestrated the armour truck robbery  double crossed the gang resulting  and made off with the loot which he keeps hidden in a car in the Police Headquarters car park.
The remaining four members arrive at the Headquarters in a police van masquerading as police officers to forcefully get the money back  just before the arrival of Chan  Fong and Wai.
Senior Superintendent Mark Law Pui-keung begins to learn from data provided by Leung.
An extended showdown ensues  resulting in the deaths of three criminals  multiple policemen including a Special Duties Unit squad and Wai.
Who was beaten by Tien.
An injured Tien was shot.
Who nearly escapes arrest when he was later led by unsuspecting officers.
He was subsequently shot dead.
When he tries to kill Law  who was led.
Both Chan and Fong return.
They also help take care.
<EOS>
The Reader begins.
Where Michael Berg  a lawyer  is preparing breakfast.
Michael watches an U-Bahn pass  flashing back to a tram in 1958 Neustadt.
She leaves.
A 15-year-old Michael gets off  pausing.
He feels sick and wanders the streets.
Where he vomits.
Hanna Schmitz  a tram conductor  comes in and helps him return home.
Michael  diagnosed  rests at home for the next three months.
He visits Hanna to thank her.
He recovers.
The 36-year-old Hanna seduces him and they begin an affair.
They spend much together having sex in her apartment and Michael reading her literary works  such as Emilia Galotti  The Odyssey  The Lady with the Little Dog  Adventures of Huckleberry Finn and the Tintin comic The Seven Crystal Balls.
He is studying.
Hanna learns.
She is being promoted.
She abruptly moves.
The film switches at Heidelberg University law school in.
The students observe a trial.
Part taught by Professor Rohl  a camp survivor.
When they were SS guards.
Hanna is one.
Stunned  Michael visits a former camp himself.
The trial divides the students.
There is nothing to be learned other than that evil acts occurred and that the older generation of Germans should kill themselves for their failure to act then.
The key evidence is the testimony.
She and her mother  who also testifies  survived.
Hanna   admits.
Auschwitz was an extermination camp and that the ten women she chose were gassed.
She denies authorship  despite pressure from the other defendants.
Then admits it.
Michael then realizes Hanna s secret  she is illiterate and has concealed it her whole life.
The other female guards.
Who claim she wrote the report are lying to place responsibility.
Michael informs Rohl.
He has information favorable but is not sure what to do since the defendant herself chooses not to disclose the information.
Rohl tells him.
If he has learned nothing there is no point in having the seminar.
Hanna receives a life sentence.
The other defendants are sentenced.
Michael meanwhile marries  has a daughter and divorces.
Retrieving his books  he begins reading them into a tape recorder.
He sends the cassette tapes and a recorder.
Eventually  she begins to check the books out and teaches herself to read and write by following along with Michael s tapes.
She starts writing back in brief  childlike notes.
Michael does not write back or visit  but keeps sending tapes.
A prison official telephones him to seek his help with Hanna s transition into society after her upcoming release.
He finds a place Hanna a week before her release.
Michael remains somewhat distant and confronts her about.
What she has learned.
Michael arrives with flowers.
He discovers.
Hanna hanged herself and left a tea tin with a note asking Michael to give the cash and some money in a bank account to Ilana.
Michael travels.
He meets Ilana and confesses his relationship.
He tells her.
Ilana tells Michael.
There is nothing to be learned and refuses the money.
Michael suggests.
She donate the money.
She wants him to take care instead.
She wryly notes illiteracy is nt much.
Ilana keeps the tea tin.
It is similar.
The film ends.
<EOS>
A Plastic Bag goes on an epic journey in search of its lost Maker  wondering.
There is any point without her.
The Bag encounters strange creatures  brief love and the unknown.
To be  the Bag goes deep under the oceans into -LCB- -LCB- convert -RCB- -RCB- of spinning garbage known as the North Pacific Trash Vortex.
<EOS>
A spy discovers.
The Chinese government have created a doomsday device capable.
It will be activated.
Astra - a two year return mission to Venus by the United States Space Program - has its time of launch speeded up.
Half are replaced by women shortly before take-off  including one Russian.
Military alerts are put into effect.
The seven crew members of Astra deduce.
They have been put together to restart the human race should the Chinese activate their device.
The device goes off.
Earth is destroyed.
The crew realizes.
Astra continues.
A safe landing is impossible unless the crew is reduced to three.
One tries to rape another.
Which point she accidentally gets them both blown out.
Two more crew-members - an American astronaut and the female Russian - are lost.
They head out to repair a fault.
However  they notice another spacecraft nearby and jump.
The second craft proves to be a lost Soviet ship.
Disappeared piloted.
The astronauts successfully power.
Its pilot is dead.
Contact is lost.
The two ships can rendezvous.
A disembodied voice cuts in  claiming to be the collective consciousness.
The voice informs the survivors.
Astra no longer exists  and that no humans will be allowed to reach Venus.
It gives a cryptic message beyond the universe.
The movie abruptly concludes.
<EOS>
Narayana Rao is a patriotic and simple village school master.
Who takes immense pleasure.
The movie shows Narayana Rao returning to his native village after a long gap.
Commercialism and greed are the dominant forces.
Sentiments and affection used to be the guiding forces.
He returns.
Stung  Narayana Rao sets about repairing.
His village has undergone.
The damage time has caused.
Flashback episodes show the life Narayana Rao used to lead in his village and the bonds shared between members of various communities.
Will Narayana Rao be able to arrest the damage and bring.
<EOS>
Three new high school teachers use unconventional methods to get through.
Rachel teaches after-school sex education  Tracey gets involved  Jody recruits a former drop out to help with a half-way house and gets involved with a drug ring.
<EOS>
A four-member teen girl group named the Cheetah Girls go for the performing arts and try to become the first freshmen to win the talent show in the school s history.
They meet a big-time producer named Jackal Johnson.
Who tries to make the group.
The girls run.
Galleria becomes a full-time snob and forgets her friends  Dorinda has to choose.
Could break the Cheetah Girls apart permanently.
The group faces many tough decisions.
They all know the right way to go.
And they find.
They have to agree anyway to stay together also by showing loyalty to each other just as every friend should.
<EOS>
A couple  are living prosperously.
One day Harman is killed.
Then Neha lives.
Then they fall  have sex a lot  get married and have kids.
Then Neha   figures out.
Jassi killed Harman to receive the money that Jassi never received when his father died.
Neha tries to kill Jassi but Jassi and his friend Sheldon brutally rape her.
She manages to survive and calls the police.
All kill Jassi and Sheldon.
Neha and her kids are at home.
One kid asks Can I have money.
<EOS>
The plot involves a young English woman named Elizabeth.
Who   travels to a convent on a remote island where her mother died after giving birth to her.
The convent is populated only.
Who practise strange rituals and who seem to hold something at bay down there.
<EOS>
The film revolves.
Who proposes that his class raise a piglet once it has grown up.
-LCB- -LCB- ja icon -RCB-.
<EOS>
Lieutenant Silvestri suffers a toothache and decides to reach the nearest camp hospital.
En route has an accident  and stops near a rock.
Silvestri continues.
He meets and rapes a young Ethiopian woman.
He and the Ethiopian fall for each other.
Silvestri shoots.
Taking refuge.
The bullet ricochets and hits the woman.
Silvestri continues.
He reads a medical book  leading him to believe.
He has leprosy.
Silvestri must evade his former comrades and reach his wife.
He tries to escape.
<EOS>
Beat relocates to live with his father.
Whom he had strained relations.
This is.
His father chose not to see Beat s mother  but instead chose to stay at his fashion show.
Later   he meets Mei.
When Beat visits Kirara.
The next day  Mei discovers.
Beat will be her new classmate.
However  their class was abuzz about the upcoming school festival.
The class has always organized a fashion show.
The famous model Miki was.
Miki did not like any  and threatened to cancel the fashion show.
Beat decides to take up the challenge.
Miki will like.
Beat first overhauls Satoru s geeky image.
He succeeds  and manages to entice Miki and the rest to use his fashion designs in the upcoming fashion show.
Satoru also agrees to help Beat design the runway needed.
Satoru is actually skilled.
The rest also volunteer their services.
Beat s designs were widely praised on the internet.
However  World Stage  a fashion company  simply copied the designs.
They also got Miki   to model the stolen designs.
Who had a modelling contract.
This action caused people to cast doubt  causing friction amongst the class.
Beat  hurt  decides to pull out of the fashion show.
The class later learns.
Their school will be closing down after the school year ends due.
Meanwhile  Kirara s doctor said.
She would not live.
Beat was extremely upset.
This further affected his morale.
However   Beat made many beautiful pajamas for Kirara.
Beat starts to become closer to his father.
His father shows him a beautiful wedding dress that was meant.
Mei also manages to persuade him to return.
The class s enthusiasm level rose again.
They paraded to publicize their upcoming fashion show.
Mei suddenly confessed her love day.
He was making his designs.
Shocked  Beat tells her.
He is not ready yet.
Beat later finds out the reason.
His father abandoned his mother.
His father refused to leave the fashion show.
Beat s mother told him that if the show was successful  she would also find the strength to overcome her illness.
It was then.
His respect increased.
The group was suddenly informed.
World Stage had already booked the new event venue that they were planning to use.
Miki was also told.
Her future will be limited.
However  Miki decides to continue participating in the show.
The class also decided to revert.
It was also decided to hold the fashion show.
They managed to prepare the stage in time for the event.
Beat was told.
Before the event started.
Kirara had suffered a serious infection and would have to undergo an operation.
The fashion show took place more or less smoothly  with only minor problems.
Beat also invited Mei to put and walk with him on the runway.
The crowd roared their approval.
The participants finally realized.
They have the potential  if given the chance.
Kirara s operation was also a huge success.
<EOS>
Taking place  the film begins with chickens being chased by Banjo.
His sisters  Emily and Jean  tell.
Mother look on.
Banjo stops.
When he runs headlong.
He apologizes and says.
He wo nt do it again.
A montage shows Banjo still full of mischief including smoking the pipe from a snowman.
The song rises again.
Standing while looking at his reflection in a Christmas ornament.
This ends.
Banjo tells the girls.
He has heard that a cat will always land and that they can prove it by jumping off the roof.
The girls refuse.
All three go sliding off the roof.
Furious demands.
Banjo get a switch.
Banjo becomes angry himself and decides to run away.
Looking. 
He overhears the driver of the feed truck talking about the good times in Salt Lake City.
Banjo makes.
A small musical sting follows Banjo.
He watches his home get farther away.
Banjo finds plenty of excitement  once again largely through a series of stills and vignettes.
He sees magazines  tries beer  plays around.
Eventually he runs and causes a major collision.
This begins a series.
He looks.
When it begins to rain.
The first location is filled  finally ending up huddled up in a small can in an alley.
He leaves.
He looks and sees his family reflected in the pond.
Banjo breaks down and cries.
Suddenly a gravelly voice is heard singing.
It is Crazy Legs.
Who discovers the lost kitten.
They strike up a friendship.
When Crazy tells Banjo the kitten can go back home.
Crazy suggests.
They begin to search.
They can look that Banjo wanted to see along the way Crazy and Banjo come to a night club that Crazy recognizes so they go inside to look.
Cats are singing a Boogie-Woogie style number on stage.
Zazu comes over to Crazy and meets Banjo.
She scolds Banjo.
The kitten becomes depressed again.
To cheer him up  Crazy and the girls break.
Banjo ends up joining in.
Afterwards  Crazy asks all the cats to look.
Later that night Crazy and Banjo are going.
When they encounter some mean dogs.
A chase begins.
The pair only escape.
The pair arrives.
Banjo goes to sleep.
He prays.
Crazy goes to sleep.
He will be able to find the truck so that Banjo can go home.
The next morning   he hears the driver.
When Banjo wakes up.
All parties rejoice all go to the truck to say goodbyes.
Suddenly  Banjo is sad again.
He has to leave his new friends.
Crazy and Banjo take so long to say goodbye.
The truck leaves.
However  Crazy manages to get Banjo to his new friend.
Banjo leaps.
When the truck arrives home.
He s home now.
Probably never plans to leave again.
<EOS>
The film opens.
He finds his bed and other memoirs.
He explores the remains.
The story flashbacks in pre-independent India  with Ravi Gupta a child laborer in the factory  saving up his earnings so.
He can leave the factory one day.
Ravi befriends a girl.
Who s been sold by her father.
Ravi unsuccessfully tries to match the bid.
When the obstinate factory manager tries to sell Masha.
He subsequently gives her the money to escape.
Part Masha promises to wait for Ravi at every full moon at Calcutta s great Shiva temple.
Years later  the adult Ravi leaves the factory and sets out.
He begins working.
Masha has become a professional courtesan  romanced by a customs officer  Yani Mishra.
Masha goes every full moon to possibly meet Ravi.
Who himself is trying to search.
They almost meet one night  but are separated.
Who Masha thinks is Ravi s wife.
Masha decides to marry Yani.
Ravi  thinking  finally marries Deepa.
Masha has forgotten him.
Ravi renovates the carpet shop and becomes an Exporter.
A few years later  he meets Yani.
Who had once bought a carpet to impress Masha.
Yani invites him and Deepa.
Where Ravi and Masha finally meet.
Perplexed  their mutual attraction gradually turns into an extra-marital affair.
Masha gets scared and asks him to take some action.
When Yani announces that he has been transferred.
Confused  Ravi arrives but lets her down.
The two leave   just before boarding.
Masha is pregnant.
A few years later  Yani visits Ravi and tells him  but he came to know.
Masha delivered a boy.
It was nt his.
He threw them out.
Ravi goes.
Where he finds Masha and their son.
She refuses to see him.
Ravi departs  sliding a packet into her room before leaving.
The film comes.
Where elderly Ravi is.
He hears a little girl and her grandmother.
He starts talking.
Finds out.
The grandmother is Masha  who is still waiting to come  because this was the place where they first met.
Ravi is astounded.
He decides to walk away.
The little girl asks her grandmother.
Who he was.
She replies.
<EOS>
The film follows multiple characters  lives and dilemmas.
This was the biggest industrial disaster.
Killed around 2500 people starting the night of 3 December.
At least 25000 people are estimated to have died after the disaster.
<EOS>
The movie begins.
The house is full  awaiting the return of Saravana from college.
However   the family members are shocked.
When Saravana returns.
He has brought home a distraught and frightened girl.
Whom he introduces.
The marriage preparations continue  wondering.
Who the mysterious girl is.
Saravana s uncle  however  can not control his emotions.
He wants his daughter to marry Saravana  and is afraid.
Sadhana will spoil this.
Eventually  Saravana s uncle confronts him.
Saravana gets upset.
An argument ensues.
Later   a gang comes.
Saravana and Sadhana go.
Saravana chases them  and beats all of them up.
Realising  Saravana returns.
He has left Sadhana behind.
However  Sadhana is not there.
Frightened  he returns home  to find Sadhana there.
She was rescued.
Finally  Saravana s father forces him to tell them.
What is going on.
Then  a flashback begins.
Saravana and Krishna are close friends.
One day  Saravana sees Krishna s sister  Sadhana  and immediately falls in love with her.
She is studying in London.
She would be going home.
Saravana is greeted.
When he arrives.
Soundarapandi s wife treats Saravana and dotes on him.
Eventually  Saravana is told.
Soon  Sadhana arrives.
Saravana tries hard to impress her but faces many difficulties.
Strangely  he does not tell her.
However  the other family members eventually become aware.
They approve.
The rival group is attacked.
When Sadhana takes Saravana without anyone s knowledge.
The rival then holds Sadhana hostage and threatens to kill her.
Saravana knocks down the rival group member.
Soundarapandi tells Saravana.
Things are so violent.
He explains.
How he is a masters degree holder and how his wife is also a masters degree holder.
Unfortunately   the rivalry is deadly and fatal.
He ultimately says   he will remain a noble person.
Though the villages are violent.
Soundarapandi carries a plate with the saree.
Saravana bought before coming to the village.
He wants to seek the blessings for the marriage.
However  Sadhana is unaware.
Trouble ensues.
When the rival gang kill the rest  forcing Saravana and Sadhana to flee the village.
Soundarapandi s last wish was to take care of Sadhana and marry her.
The story shifts back.
Saravana plans to send Sadhana.
This is.
The enemy will not be able to find her there.
His family does not approve.
They know.
Sadhana has also fallen in love with him and his family.
However  she agrees to leave.
She thinks that he has no such feelings.
Soundarapandi s assistant   gives Sadhana the green saree  saying.
Who managed to escape the village.
It was supposed to be her brother s gift.
Sadhana is supposed to leave to London  she wears the green saree.
She meets Saravana s college mate.
The girl tells Sadhana.
She also tells her.
The green saree was bought after much deliberation  and that she had to endure his torture of visitng many shops to find the perfect saree.
Sadhana is surprised.
She realises.
She can not leave Saravana  and leaves the airport.
She manages to find Saravana.
Who is fighting the villains.
They embrace.
The movie ends.
<EOS>
To celebrate high school graduation  a group decides to sneak into the furniture store owned by the father of one of them.
They have a good time by partying and exploring the eerie store  but.
Some begin to disappear  they realize.
Someone else is hiding.
<EOS>
The film is divided.
18 year old Mo lives.
Who owns a small photo shop.
She longs to become a movie star  a dream.
Her mother does not understand.
One day  Mo meets Mr Meng  the boss.
She then leaves her mother to fulfil her film career dream.
She enters a relationship.
Who is married.
She refuses to have an abortion.
Meng leaves Shanghai and abandons Mo.
When the Japanese invade China.
The movie studio is shut down.
Mo returns home.
She gives birth and blames her child for everything she has lost.
Her mother s boyfriend also tries to seduce her  using the guise.
Her mother finds out  and commits suicide not long.
Li had grown up.
Mo still remembers her dream.
Li marries Zou Jie.
Who was a member.
They move into Jie s home but unused to their lifestyle and unable to bear a child of her own  they move back to stay with Mo.
Li eventually adopts a baby girl named Hua.
Li later becomes mentally unstable.
Li s situation gets steadily worse.
She even accuses Zou  her adopted daughter.
Li s family collapses.
Her husband Zou commits suicide.
Li leaves home  her fate is unknown.
Hua is left to live.
Li disappeared.
When Hua was still very young.
She grew up.
Mo finds comfort.
She married a college graduate  Du.
When Hua grew up.
Du went for further studies overseas in Japan and after that  decided to leave Hua.
Unfortunately  Hua was already carrying Du s child.
Mo strongly encouraged her to abort the baby with having a child and being unprepared for it.
Hua decided.
Hua decided to check to have an abortion in any case.
Mo died.
She could arrive home.
Years later  Du returns to Hua.
It seems.
Hua had moved on.
Closing scenes show her moving.
<EOS>
Two EMTs spend twelve hours wandering  idling  loitering  and even going on a few calls.
<EOS>
Drake performs  Makes Me Happy.
A song called.
They agree to put Drake s song.
Will air.
Helen is getting married.
Her grandmother  Lula  comes to stay  forcing Megan to share the boys  room.
Helen then announces the new assistant manager.
Who turns out to be Mindy Crenshaw.
Josh is very upset.
He did nt get the job  and accuses Mindy.
She denies.
The producer  Alan Kirm  gives Josh a contract.
Josh does nt read the contract.
Josh inadvertently signs away the creativity rights.
The producer remixes -- and completely ruins -- Drake s song  turning it.
Drake puts it.
Furious  Drake fires him as manager  then hatches a plan for revenge  planting fruit flies in the Alan s car.
Sometimes you have to play dirty back.
Criticizing Josh  he tells Josh that  when people play dirty.
Still trying to fix his mistake  Josh returns.
There is no way the company will use Drake s original song.
It is being picked up.
The plan succeeds.
Drake s version plays on the commercial  much to Drake s delight  but with a price.
Right  Josh receives a call from Alan Krim.
Josh has broken a legally binding contract.
The two could also go.
Not only is the record company planning to sue the boys.
Josh realizes  she did it.
Mindy did not take the job because she needed the extra money.
Order to spend time.
Then  the boys go.
Drake is told.
As they think they are going.
His song has become a number one hit  as downloads crashed Spin City s server.
They are free.
Alan Krim is fired.
Josh and Mindy get back together.
Mindy has quit her job.
Josh becomes the new assistant manager.
Drake also rehires him.
Then  Drake performs his number one hit song.
Afterwards  Drake and Josh return home to find shrimp sent over.
Megan and her friends have eaten all but one   mimicking a similar scene.
Causes Drake and Josh to fight over it.
Is shown.
<EOS>
A preacher arrives in Montana to spread the gospel.
He straps and seeks vengeance.
When his wife takes off.
Then he must find a way to redeem himself.
<EOS>
Twin brother and sister receive final requests.
Their mother succumbs.
To fulfill her wishes  they must journey.
The movie contains a series to the mother s life.
Nawal  a Middle-Eastern Christian is impregnated.
Nawal s infuriated brothers kill her lover.
He and Nawal try to escape.
She reveals.
She is pregnant.
They keep the pregnancy secret.
Order to save face.
The grandmother tattoos the infant s heel.
They give the baby boy away.
Nawal follows her promise.
Which a civil war breaks out.
Nawal returns to find her lost son.
War has preceded her arrival.
She discovers her son s orphanage has been destroyed.
She then pretends to be a Muslim to board a bus.
Where her son has been moved to.
Her bus is attacked by armed Christians.
She and a Muslim woman and her daughter survive  only to have the bus covered to be burnt.
Nawal escapes.
They would not spare the woman  so Nawal claims the other woman s daughter.
However  the daughter runs back and is shot.
Disillusioned  Nawal joins a radical organization.
She is planted and assassinates him.
She is sent for 15 years.
Despite all efforts of her captors  she remains resolute and becomes known as The Woman.
Who Sings.
Her enraged captors call upon the torture specialist Abou Tareq to break her spirit and stop her singing.
He rapes her repeatedly.
She gives birth.
A nurse secretly saves the babies and returns them after her release.
Nawal emigrates with the twins.
Nawal leaves a will requesting.
Her children  Simon and Jeanne  find their father and lost brother.
Simon refuses.
Jeanne continues  following in her mother s footsteps.
She finds her extended family.
Who tattooed her baby s heel.
They refuse to speak to Jeanne.
Her mother brought on the family.
She then finds the prison and learns.
Her mother was tortured and gave birth.
He gives her the name.
Who assisted Nawal.
Distraught  she calls Simon to join her.
He arrives from Canada.
They find the nurse and ask.
Who was born.
The nurse reveals.
Their mother gave birth  Janaan and Sarwan whom she safeguarded.
A local notary identifies the name.
They trace the warlord.
Who conducted the revenge attack and destroyed the orphanage.
Simon learns.
The warlord had spared the children and took them and trained them to fight alongside them.
Nihad becomes a sniper and searches.
He becomes crazed but is refused the chance to become a martyr by the warlord.
He returns as a sniper and is eventually captured by the enemy.
They turn him and train him to be a prison torturer.
He is sent.
Where Simon s mother was held.
The warlord reveals.
Nihad adopts the name Abou Tareq.
Having discovered  they find out.
Their father is their.
He too had moved.
They find him  and deliver the letters -- one for the father and one for the son.
We learn.
Nawal had spotted a man with a tattooed heel.
She approaches him.
She realises.
He does not recognise her.
He was also her rapist.
She suffers a stroke and eventually dies  giving instructions to her employer  a notary  about the letters and instructions for her children.
Their task fulfilled  the children are now allowed to leave an engraved headstone.
Her first son  Nihad  having read the letters  realises.
What he had done  and visits her grave.
Nawal s lover was.
Her lover was a Palestinian.
However  Nawal s accent  as well  is not Lebanese.
<EOS>
Mannu is.
Whose legal right is obscure.
The local leader supports the tenant.
And the landlord s political strategy to evict the tenant fails.
The priest advises recourse.
When the landlord gores.
One morning a Devi Vigraha is discovered.
The villagers are awed  the landlord promptly declares his intention to build a temple.
Damu tries to fight both landlord and superstition and fails.
Krishnan Nair is killed.
Damu is forced to go underground.
His wife continues to fight to regain land.
Is rightfully hers.
Krishnan Nair s son  Rajan returns and searches for Damu  eventually tracking him down.
Will he live out his role.
He imagine a justice in which Damu has a share.
<EOS>
Paul Cable returns home after being away from his family for years.
America recovers.
Fighting. 
His wife  Martha  is a pretty but strong-willed frontier woman.
Whose independence makes her a force.
She had been told.
He was killed.
She once again devotes herself to being his wife  but resents him for having left her and their children behind to fight a war.
She did nt care to understand.
Paul and Martha are now like strangers to each other.
The tension is evident.
Their youngest daughter died from a fever.
Martha  having borne that  has developed a hatred for her husband.
Her father  James Sanford  scolds her.
She stands her ground  never backing down on the subject.
Her father knows her well  and subsequently leaves the subject alone.
Cable decides.
He will return and reclaim the ranch he owns there.
The family members  consisting  load up their belongings  bid farewell to Martha s father  and make their way to Arizona.
They come with Lorraine Kidston  the beautiful ramrod cowgirl daughter of rancher Duane Kidston.
En route.
Horses headed by her men accidentally stampede through the Cables  camp  leading Paul and Martha to scold the men.
Lorraine agrees.
Her men were foolish to run the horses  and scolds them.
The cowhands and Lorraine learn.
The man is  in fact  Paul Cable.
They had been told.
He was dead.
Her father has assumed control of Cable s ranch.
Lorraine s father  Duane Kidston  is a former Union Army soldier.
Is his brother Vern.
They have little use  and feel.
Cable s ranch now belongs.
Cable confronts the Kidston men staying in his house.
However   he is shot and killed.
When one man attempts to draw.
Who is.
The shooting leads.
Which several hired guns are killed by Cable.
Vern and Lorraine Kidston  however  begin to sympathize  feeling.
It is better to simply return the ranch and let things be.
Duane disagrees  but relents.
The real threat to the Cables  new life in Arizona does not come from the Kidstons  but from a one-armed Confederate sympathizer and former soldier  Edward Janroe.
Who kills Duane  an event for which Cable is blamed.
Not even Duane s brother Vern believes it.
Janroe kidnaps Cable s daughter during an illegal gun transaction with Mexican bandits.
Cable and Vern team up and chase down Janroe  killing him  then get involved.
Cable eventually asks Vern to take his daughter out.
Vern does.
Cable then takes alone  with them eventually just deciding to take the guns from Janroe s wrecked wagon and leave.
Cable returns home wounded.
Where he is nursed.
She decides to forgive him  forget all the animosity  and love her husband again.
<EOS>
Gopalakrishnan is the son.
Who rears cows and sells milk.
Gopalan Nair  now  finds it hard to continue with his job and calls for the assistance of Remanan  the president of milkmen association and the only friend of his son Gopalakrishnan.
He is not ready and is only interested in making money the easy way.
Though Gopalakrishnan could not pursue his studies.
Gopalakrishnan s only sister Nandini comes.
They soon get married.
Vishnu is a gold smuggler.
Who works.
Gopalakrishnan too joins smuggling business and proves himself as too good in that.
But he makes a big mistake.
Now the different gangs are.
Who wants their gold and money back.
<EOS>
Wells & Fargo employee Ramsay MacKay comes upon a broken down carriage in the countryside and gives belle Justine Pryor and her mother a lift into Buffalo  New York  he is in a hurry to make a delivery of fresh oysters.
He warns them.
The ladies endure a very bumpy ride.
He arrives to enable his employer  Henry Wells  to impress some bankers with the speed of his service.
Wells sends him to set up a branch office.
Louis   reside there.
Is quite convenient.
MacKay and Justine begin seeing each other.
Her mother disapproves  as does Justine s more socially prominent suitor  Talbot Carter.
Impressed  in 1846  Wells sends him to open trails to California.
MacKay takes along Hank York  a frontiersman  and Hank s constant Indian companion  Pawnee.
Who only works when he has.
MacKay sets out to transport gold from a mining settlement to San Francisco.
One is prospector Dan Trimball.
MacKay recommends Wells Fargo s new shipping venture.
When Dan expresses his longing.
Elated  Dan sends.
Meanwhile   he is shot and left.
When MacKay sets out.
He is threatened.
He recovers.
Who do not believe he was robbed.
Fortunately  he shows them a draft.
Will cover all their losses.
Passenger Henry Wells has a surprise  Justine has come too.
When MacKay and Dan meet the ship.
The happy couple get married.
They have a daughter and remain.
Their union is strained by MacKay being away so often on business.
Justine sends her husband to fetch her mother.
Then comes the American Civil War.
The marriage is strained.
Desperately needed gold is sent repeatedly to the Union.
The shipments are intercepted.
Wells & Fargo is assigned the task.
MacKay  chosen to lead the wagon train  meets.
Who emphasizes how crucial this shipment is.
However  Justine and Mrs Pryor are fervent Southern supporters.
Justine s brother has been killed fighting.
She overhears the secret route and writes it down.
When MacKay refuses Justine s plea to shirk his duty.
He will take.
She crumples up the letter.
Her mother has no such scruples.
She passes the document along.
MacKay is met by a Confederate force led by Talbot Carter.
MacKay wins the battle.
Both Talbot and Pawnee are killed.
MacKay finds the letter.
His house is empty.
When he returns.
His wife and two children have gone.
Many years later  MacKay goes east  he has an unexpected visitor afterward  his now teenage daughter Alice.
She invites him.
He declines.
He has to leave.
However  he can not stay away.
He sees his estranged wife.
When he enters.
His heart softens.
Then he discovers.
She was not responsible.
They are fully reconciled.
<EOS>
Cheyenne Harry tries to help his outlaw friend Padden evade arrest.
Padden has drunkenly shot another man.
The two mismatched friends fight it out  leaving Padden dead.
Harry s fiancee Alice leaves him  but finally returns.
<EOS>
Ellen Garfield refuses to marry fellow reporter Curt Devlin.
He admits she is as good.
The two work  and their ongoing efforts to better each other eventually leads to Ellen getting fired.
When Curt tricks her.
The tables are turned.
When she scoops him.
Forced to admit  he finally wins her hand.
Ellen is a good reporter.
<EOS>
The film features the character to defeat a major crime organisation.
<EOS>
Paresh  the protagonist  can not afford the luxury of reaching out for the unexplored.
Travelling in an official jeep across the state is a matter of keeping alive  a business.
He is forced to do.
He screens badly put together family planning films.
Fall. 
His faith is sustained by his love for his dream girl - a beautiful actress.
He saw crying away and has been haunted by.
He has never met her.
She accompanies him through a sticker of her picture pasted on the projector box he carries along.
Chapal  the proxy-driver Paresh is saddled  carries a stolen passport.
Carries his picture.
His dream is to reach Dubai and land a cushy job to end.
What he thinks is an apology.
The pregnant and pretty Amina is running back.
Her husband  an illegal immigrant  was killed.
Her dream is to give birth  as a legal citizen rooted to his land.
The three share their food  their sleep and their dreams trying to help each other get that much closer to the fulfillment of their respective dreams.
No one falls  no one attempts to molest Amina  not even the goons and leave them in the wilderness of nowhere.
Who take away the jeep.
No one comes.
When their lives  along  are threatened by the real danger of death.
<EOS>
Brahmasthram tells the story.
Whose only daughter Sindhu is the victim.
No one supports Sindhu.
The culprits are.
Superintendent of Police Indrajith is appointed to investigate the case.
Forms the rest.
He wins the case.
<EOS>
Thiru and Surya are inseparable friends.
They are so close.
Thiru selects a bride for Thiru.
Their friendship is carried over.
Who were thick friends.
Thiru brings up Surya s daughter.
Thiru has no children.
Shankara wants to separate them and does all.
He could to separate them.
Surya s sister becomes pregnant due.
Divya  Thiru s wife  helps her run away with the guy.
She loves.
This breaks the friendship.
Surya s mother poisons his ears.
Shankara is.
Expected. 
The two destroy Shankara and resolve their differences  and unite in the end.
<EOS>
The story surrounds.
A young boy called Obaid.
He is confronted to live an easy life in this world or to struggle for reward in the hereafter.
The story takes place.
Who controls his people.
Cinatas chooses Obaid to be his student  someone.
Who will assist him.
The boy is tempted by dreams of the power and the influence.
He will wield.
But  soon starts to question his priorities.
He begins talking.
Who opens his mind.
This righteous man tells Obaid.
There is only one God  Allah Almighty and that He created mankind to worship Him alone.
He is still pretty much confused.
These words appeal.
The righteous man advises him to seek the truth - and thus begins the boy s quest for the real meaning of life.
<EOS>
Shekhara Menon Thilakan is retired income tax officer and has now settled in a remote village in kerala.
He owns some land and a house.
Where he and his three daughters live together and leads a clam  silent and happy life.
Menon owns a smaller house adjacent  and his source of income other that agricultural income.
Is given.
Mr Menon s Pension has been blocked due to some unclear issues.
Hareendran Mammootty is a struggling small time contractor and comes.
Hareendran is constantly put by his aide Balachandran.
Who convinces Hareendran to help people.
His experience has made Hareendran a selfish man.
He presently is least concerned around him.
But the things take a change.
Menon goes absconding leaving three daughters alone.
Hareendran the selfish tenant quickly decides to vacate the house to avoid unwanted troubles.
Is. 
Though selfish and unkind outside  the good hearted Hareendran can not stand the harsh difficulties forced to be faced.
Hareendran becomes the sole guardian.
<EOS>
A married cartoonist named C.
C.
Drood becomes involved after his lover  Yolanda  a call girl  is found murdered.
Drood has betrayed his wife Helen.
Who takes him.
Bobby Nye  a former lesbian lover  hires a hit man named Buddy to do away with Drood.
Who is also hotly pursued.
Drood ultimately comes to believe.
Bobby and Buddy are the ones responsible.
A corrupt cop  Gilbert  is doing everything.
A police colleague  Smiley  intervenes.
Buddy is eventually overcome in the killing of Yolanda  so he spares Drood s life and takes his own.
To escape  Drood tries to make Nye.
The cops believe.
Buddy s body is actually his.
<EOS>
The first scenes introduce the protagonist  Nishi.
Who is a 20-year-old loser dreaming.
One late evening he runs.
He has had a crush since childhood  but his lack of self confidence and his insecurities had stopped him from seriously pursuing her.
They had drifted apart.
It transpires.
Myon too has not achieved her aspirations  as she was a swimming champion  but gave up when her breasts became too big.
Nishi now finally declares.
He has always loved her.
She tells him.
She is due to marry someone else.
They then go  to see Myon s father and her strikingly different older sister Yan and to talk about old times.
There Nishi also meets Myon s handsomely brawny fiancee  Ryo.
Who makes a living.
Observing their interactions  Nishi is forced to admit.
Ryo may very well be both a much better man and a much better match than himself.
Two yakuza gangsters then enter the restaurant to collect money.
Myon s father owes them.
He has had debts and left his family dealing with the problems  spending his time away from home  having fun with young women and gambling.
He created.
It is.
His entire family is now placed.
Regardless  he does not dare to reveal himself.
When the gangsters arrive or when the situation worsens.
The first yakuza  called Atsu  is an arrogant soccer player.
Who wears the number 10 soccer shirt and has even played.
The second  senior  yakuza s name is never revealed.
It is later revealed.
The senior yakuza is actually both the first boyfriend - and current lover.
Whom she was seduced at a disco during their youth in the.
Whom she later had an extramarital affair when they met again when he first came to collect her husband s debts.
Neither is aware of this  however.
It is never mentioned either.
It is later shown.
His lover  the girls  mother  is waiting  implying that she plans to go far away somewhere and start a new life for herself.
He decides not to join her.
It is shown.
He decides to go be after all.
Atsu soon recognizes the father  cowering  as the man.
Who seduced and stole his girlfriend.
He becomes enraged and goes berzerk.
Ryo steps in and tries to punch Atsu  but his attack is easily avoided.
The father cowers.
Instead he gets knocked out.
It is revealed.
When Ryo falls.
He wears a toupee.
Atsu then lecherously eyes Myon  and proceeds to begin to rape her.
Nishi meanwhile is rolled  terrified.
Myon calls his name.
Then Atsu turns and places his pistol against Nishi s anus.
The gun goes off.
When Nishi suddenly moves  thus killing him instantly.
The senior Yakuza  offended  shoots him dead  and then nonchalantly orders dinner.
Meanwhile  Nishi has gone.
There he encounters a being watching television.
Whose physical character changes every fraction.
God reveals to Nishi.
There is really no paradise and that because he is now dead  his soul is now destined to spend the rest of eternity in the void of oblivion.
Nishi has a nervous breakdown and laments his existence  blaming him for giving him a loser s life.
Telling Nishi to just resign himself  God then turns his back on him and begins grooming himself.
He is scheduled to go.
Nishi refuses to accept and tries to flee.
His time is now up forever.
God s back is turned.
God chases him  but becomes impressed by Nishi s sheer will to live  and so lets him escape with a warning.
This is his one and only second chance.
This exit sends Nishi and his body back before the moment.
When Atsu pulled the trigger.
This time around  Nishi resolves to live life more fully.
He clenches his buttocks  seizes Atsu s gun  and turns the tables.
He  Yan and Myon all pile  leaving the father of Myon and Yan to deal with his debts to the yakuza himself.
Myon thinks.
They should go.
Nishi declines  preferring to be.
There then begins a high speed chase  followed.
Who are controlled.
He has his men cut the trio off and force them.
Nishi refuses to be taken alive.
He steers the car off the bridge.
They are then swallowed up.
They meet a strange old man.
Who has been trapped.
He takes them.
He has constructed.
To live.
He also recounts his history   he hid a package of drugs in a child s toy and stored it with his son s toys.
Still a young yakuza.
He grabbed the wrong container.
When he retrieved it.
Eventually led.
It is later revealed much later in the movie.
The old man is actually the long-lost father.
None have any awareness of this fact nor learn about it through the course of the movie.
It is not shown.
The old man ever reunited  even after getting out of the whale.
They experience personal development and growth and have to face their problems and insecurities.
Nishi learns the craft  he and Myon finally become sexually intimate  and the whole group experiment in art  particularly dance and painting  by doing performance  etc.
Yan for example  learns.
Really she was the one.
Who wanted to be helped.
The four castaways are eventually forced to escape.
Who is slowly dying.
Their flight is followed.
The film returns  with Myon running from the Yakuza  only this time she does not get her leg caught in the door of the train  suggesting yet another possible series of events through the creation of a second timeline with a new future for all the characters.
The movie ends ambiguously.
<EOS>
Leung King-cheung received a job from his real estate company to handle a dispute in a village in the New Territories.
Leung arrives and meets.
Who are being bullied.
Chung wants Dragon and Tiger to sell their lease.
Was used by their comatose master Law San.
Determined to restart his school.
When Law suddenly wakes up  and is.
<EOS>
Jayaraman is popularly known in Gopalapuram  a village in the Kerala-Tamil Nadu border.
He is the younger brother.
The sisters were caring him.
Jayaraman was the pet.
He was not interested in to do any job.
He is lazy.
Everything was perfect.
The sisters got married.
The brothers were not interested in Jayaraman at all.
They were not considered him.
One day he left Gopalapuram to become a millionaire.
Somehow he reached Dubai.
He managed to get a job there.
Unfortunately he got terminated due to the due global recession.
He is forced to go back.
He is not interested.
Now Jayaraman is returning considering the advice of Mr Preman  his best friend in Dubai.
But Jayaraman is shocked to see the warm welcome members at the airport.
Everyone is trying to take their young.
Are they showing this much interest now than before.
<EOS>
Jai has a habit.
There comes a moment.
Jai and Sonam go out singing and dancing.
When an argument develops.
Sonam believes.
Jai opposes vehemently  stating that love is nothing but mere infatuation.
Sonam challenges Jai to befriend and propose.
She will accept defeat and present Jai.
He succeeds.
He has to accept.
Jai accepts the challenge.
Sonam points as the target for their challenge.
The girl is Sarayu.
Adopting different methods  Jai ultimately strikes a chord with Sarayu.
One day  Sarayu s brother Nanda sees them together.
Nanda and his goons thrash people black and blue.
They dare to cast an evil eye.
He goes with his henchmen.
Nanda warns Jai to stay away from his sister.
Seeing their rough behavior  Sonam expresses.
Her wish to withdraw her challenge.
But Jai is now more determined to face Nanda.
Sarayu learns and decides to reveal everything to her brother.
She confesses her love.
He is.
Nanda gets enraged and disapproves.
A depressed Sarayu attempts suicide.
Jai learns and runs to the hospital to meet her.
But Nanda confronts him again.
Nanda tells Sarayu.
Jai is.
They are planning to marry shortly.
He reveals the truth.
When Sarayu questions Jai.
Sarayu feels betrayed.
Sonam observes all this and tells Jai.
He has won the challenge  for which her gift is Sarayu s hand in marriage.
<EOS>
A young Army nurse  Lieutenant Ruth McGara  is newly assigned during the Korean War.
Ruth is a bumbling addition to the nurse corps  but attracts the attention of the unit s hard-drinking  no-nonsense chief surgeon Dr and Major Jed Webbe.
Jed cautions.
He wants a no strings relationship and Ruth is warned.
She sees.
He is beloved.
Three incidents punctuate their time.
Ruth entreats the chief surgeon to perform an open-heart operation.
When a young Korean child needs special care.
Yet Jed is a relentless taskmaster  demanding Captain John Rustford fly desperately needed blood supplies.
Jed goes  forcing Whalters to make his chief surgeon either straighten up or ship out.
When the helicopter lands safely.
A frightened prisoner is calmly disarmed by her soothing words.
When a now more assured Ruth treats some North Korean prisoners.
The lovers are temporarily separated.
A North Korean advance forces the MASH unit to escape.
Jed has to assume leadership to lead the unit out.
When the unit commander is wounded.
Traveling cross-country  he sets out  attempting to meet up with the nurses.
Who have gone.
Eventually the two caravans safely negotiate the battlefield.
Jed and Ruth are reunited.
<EOS>
The story focuses mainly.
They all meet one other.
Where they also see Dillon and Smoothy getting chased.
He drops a stolen diamond.
Dillon is running past.
He is unaware.
Shannon has a big crush as he always ignores her.
The four then walk out and go home.
Firstly  the story focuses   she sees.
She walks.
Her mother has left.
Her dad is sitting all alone.
She loses her temper  gets a packet and runs away.
She then runs over.
Who has to rush to work  telling her.
Later on  she is called over by Jo.
Where she is told to leave.
Dillon kisses Jo upsetting Shannon  so she grabs a Pringles box and runs.
When she refuses.
She is taken.
Who saved her.
Shannon seems to find.
The woman is looking.
This is later confirmed.
When she finds out that she is searching.
One is already.
The rest are.
She escapes.
She finds the diamonds.
Where she was almost attacked.
Her story ends.
She is about to jump and commit suicide.
Secondly  the story moves.
Who visits New York to meet up.
The meeting ends.
She suddenly feels.
Light headed and falls asleep  and in the morning uses an epipen to pull herself together.
She discovers all her possessions gone.
She also finds the letter.
Shannon has been looking.
Was written.
She later goes.
Brett is a stalker who hacks.
She knocks.
When the fake Brett comes.
Him out but later escapes chasing her down the street where she is rescued.
She gets her cousins to beat and tattoo the fake Brett.
She forces her way and gets it before then leaving for London.
Thirdly the story is explored.
Kerrys and her girlfriend break and stay there.
Her brother  locks them in the panic room and throws a party.
They ask him to keep the diamonds  now only 14 left.
Dillon and Smoothy visit his house.
They lock her brother and run away.
When the two girls escape.
Fourthly  Jo  finds.
Who works.
Her new manager Tee is.
Tee has been working to deliver the diamonds.
One is missing.
Tee asks Dillon and Smoothy to come over  Dillon and Smoothy open the safe with the key   they remove the money and drop off the diamonds.
Tee had given earlier.
Are. 
Tee thinks.
There is.
Dillon and Smoothy come to get the money.
When they find Tee has betrayed them.
They rob the store and leave Tee.
Tee  however has hidden them.
Is then seen to show that the box is the very same one that Shannon has.
Angelo attacks him.
Tee is about to be shot  Jo rescues him  but when he tries to run.
He is arrested.
Cassandra returns  the three  Cassandra  Jo  and Kerrys  then go to meet Shannon.
They put the fourteen diamonds together and give it and fly to New York.
Whilst it is revealed.
The same mysterious woman who had rescued Shannon is.
<EOS>
Police Inspector Arjun Singh is a brave and honest police inspector stationed.
He uses harsh ways.
He is a very strict Police Officer.
His colleague and friend is Inspector Khan.
Who always supports him.
Arjun is.
Who is the daughter.
C.
P.
Amar Agnihotri.
Arjun s own father does not agree.
He uses.
Arjun is always supported.
In the Central Jail  Jailer Lankeshwar is the prison warden.
Uses his jail.
Moreover  he allows some.
A.
C.
P Amar is suspicious.
He requests the higher authorities to let a police inspector go and gather evidence about Lankeshwar s evil deeds.
Arjun Singh is selected.
The plan is.
Arjun will fire a blank bullet.
C.
P Amar.
Arjun pleads guilty and is sentenced to jail.
Arjun comes to know.
Arms  drugs and explosives are smuggled.
He reports it secretly.
They decide to raid the jail.
Though he fired fake bullet but on the way inside the ambulance they really killed A.
C.
P Agnihotri.
They then beat Arjun.
He faints.
Additionally Arjun s sister is raped.
His father is killed  leaving Arjun heartbroken.
Inspector Khan comes to know and decides to help him.
He sneaks and breaks Arjun s chains.
Arjun says Khan  main inka vinash kar doonga.
I shall destroy them.
Means Khan.
Arjun arms himself and wages a one man war.
He destroys the jail s office.
Watchtowers then sets fire.
Which the illegal drugs and weapons are kept.
Khan and Arjun escape.
They are chased.
Arjun destroys the police jeeps.
Are chasing them.
Arjun destroys.
They cross a bridge.
Too so that they are not chased.
However Khan dies.
A bullet fired hits him.
Arjun then buries him single handedly.
Soon Arjun approaches Kaajal.
Who is furious for killing her father.
She forgives him and decides to help him.
Arjun decides to take his revenge.
He becomes a one man army and kills many.
Unfortunately  Kaajal gets gravely injured.
Arjun is forced to leave her.
Lankeshwar and the Home Minister are worried.
Arjun kills the Police Commissioner brutally.
They are afraid.
Arjun has set.
The Home Minister is.
When Arjun attacks him and destroys the minister s defences.
Would prove him innocent.
Now  Lankeshwar pleads guilty in court and is sentenced to be a prisoner in his own jail.
However Lankeshwar  along  decides to escape and become terrorists.
Arjun breaks into the jail and starts a killing spree.
He kills more.
Lankeshwar and Arjun have one last showdown.
Arjun beats Lankeshwar  smashing his ribs and legs.
The prisoners feel a sense arising in their hearts and take over the jail by killing the guards.
Arjun keeps.
He is half dead.
Arjun then drags Lankeshwar and hangs him.
The film ends.
<EOS>
This version is a sort of black comedy.
The black-and-white scenario shows the forest.
A narrator is the only speaking character.
A wolf - clearly a man - tries to trick the girl.
He successfully eats the grandmother  and then tries to eat the girl.
However  the girl tricks him and survives.
She is clever enough not to need any huntsman.
She does not rescue the eaten grandmother at all.
She eats her flesh as well  even after being warned by the cat.
She escaped to make him follow her.
Is mildly put.
Known. 
Such the movie is clearly based.
<EOS>
The film starts.
This is followed up.
Looney Tunes and Merrie Melodies immediately replaced baggy-pants comedy.
Yosemite Sam courts Granny.
She has inherited.
Bugs overhears his scheming and thwarts Sam and later Granny herself.
Sam dies after being crushed by a safe.
Bugs drops in Hell.
Satan offers to give Sam another chance provided.
He sends someone.
Sam agrees and.
A Roman guard captain  a Saudi Arabian  and guise  attempts to kill Bugs.
His attempts are unsuccessful.
Sam denies stating and decides to stay.
When Satan offers him one more chance.
Satan should get the rabbit himself.
Bugs is captured by Rocky and his gang.
Who try to drown him.
Bugs promptly escapes that and then infiltrates Rocky s birthday party that night  disguised.
Rocky soon sees and  accompanied by Mugsy  chases him into a cereal factory.
Where Bugs traps the pair.
Afterwards  he brings Rocky.
Thanks in the law  the mobster is free to go.
Bugs has problems finding Rocky s new hideout.
Word breaks out.
Rocky and his men capture Daffy and demand him to lay a golden egg.
He eventually does.
Rocky shoots him  and is then ordered to lay more to fill up their collection of egg cartons.
Bugs and the police suddenly bust in and arrest Rocky s troop.
But another law loophole sets Rocky free again.
Rocky then captures Tweety Bird and holds him.
Bugs appoints Sylvester to find Tweety.
Sure enough  the pussycat finds Tweety.
The police show up and surround Rocky s hideout.
Sylvester ends up being hailed for having seemingly rescued Tweety.
Bugs brings Rocky and Mugsy  but is forced to go to jail with them.
He lost the keys.
Bugs introduces us  an award ceremony created by Friz for cartoon characters.
He then hosts the ceremony himself  announcing the nominees - the Wolf.
Daffy Duck continually gripes about the fact.
He s not being nominated.
Daffy becomes furious and challenges Bugs.
When Bugs wins the award.
Bugs seems to have the audience s favor.
Daffy eventually wins their applause.
<EOS>
Maggie Baker is an overweight 17-year-old girl.
Who suffers being taunted and ridiculed and badgered to lose weight by her mother who is worried she will get diabetes like her late father.
The movie starts.
What Maggie goes.
We discover.
Her best friend Casey is not as unpopular due to her relationship with one of the popular guys.
Casey is invited by the boy and accepts the invite on the premise.
Maggie is allowed to come as well.
The popular boys cringe but do nt say anything.
Casey is dragged away by her sort of boyfriend  leaving Maggie alone to be laughed at by the preppy clique  including Liz  a very hated but feared girl at school.
Maggie gets food to the kitchen to clean it off.
She can see Casey and her boyfriend making out in the adjacent hallway.
Her friend Louis greets her.
It is clear.
Louis has a thing.
Louis leaves.
Casey appears the sweet Queen Bee at school to wipe food off her shirt as well.
Tara asks.
Maggie is as klutzy as she is which Maggie confirms that she is  saying No  my blouse was just hungry.
Herself were to win Homecoming Queen and not somebody.
She leaves Casey makes a remark.
Liz overhears and decides to nominate Maggie.
The joke is.
As many students get excited.
Maggie easily collects 150 signatures to put her and becomes an official nominee.
Maggie starts campaigning but gets upset one day.
When she sees Tara s posters and imagines her mom praising Tara s thinness and beauty.
She runs home to find comfort food.
Meanwhile  Liz vandalizes Tara s posters.
The principal will think it s Maggie and take her out.
The plan does not work.
Tara begins to suspect.
Her best friend is trying to sabotage Maggie.
Maggie wins Homecoming Queen.
The popular clique is shocked and rudely sit and glare  but Tara looks genuinely happy for the plus-sized beauty queen.
It is later revealed and not herself.
Tara voted.
Maggie is bombarded from the press.
Who wish to discuss the experience.
However  the popular kids are not ready to accept Maggie s win and plan to get her to resign.
Tara s boyfriend Trip and Liz plot to ruin Maggie s homecoming float.
Broke it.
When Maggie sits the float busts  making it look like Maggie s weight.
Tara is outraged and breaks up.
She also discovers.
Liz only hangs out because she s popular and ends their friendship.
The other popular girls stop speaking as well.
Maggie goes to discuss her win but comes off sounding rude and ungrateful towards her friends and supporters.
She has also been ignoring Casey.
Who has been trying to ask Maggie on whether or not she should consummate her relationship with her now boyfriend.
Angry  Casey spews out some harsh insults.
Maggie shoves her  getting.
Herself suspended.
Maggie has alienated and no longer wishes to be Homecoming Queen she can.
The school tells her.
Maggie realizes.
She plays the victim and that her harshest critic is herself.
She decides to go and asks Louis to be her King.
Though the reception will most likely be bad.
She reconciles.
Who eagerly cheer her.
Cheer. 
Many people boo her a lot.
Maggie realizes.
She changed herself as well.
<EOS>
Henry Palfrey arrives and makes his way to the School of Lifemanship  run by Stephen Potter.
Late  he overhears Potter explaining the principles of lifemanship to the new intake  Palfrey is given an object lesson in this.
When he has his interview.
Potter surmises.
When Palfrey explains that he is a failure.
A woman is involved.
Palfrey recounts.
He first met April Smith  knocking parcels when he rushes to catch a bus.
He manages to arrange a dinner date.
His loafing employees are unconcerned.
When Palfrey shows up.
They pay much more respect.
Gloatbridge is patronising toward his erstwhile boss  making the business decisions.
Palfrey asks him to make a dinner reservation  and has to fend off Gloatbridge s unwanted restaurant suggestion.
That night  the head waiter can not find Palfrey s booking at first  he does.
Finally locate it  but still refuses to seat them.
They are late.
He invites them.
When Raymond Delauney  a casual acquaintance  arrives and sees April.
Where he proceeds to try to seduce April and cast Palfrey at every opportunity.
Palfrey tries to counter.
Delauney has a fancy sports car.
However  two salesmen sell him a ramshackle 1924 Swiftmobile.
To further his humiliation  Delauney suggests a friendly tennis match.
He wins easily.
The film then returns.
Palfrey proves to be an apt pupil in learning various ploys to gain the upper hand.
The next phase involves a field test of his new skills  evaluated by Potter.
Palfrey convinces the car salesmen.
His car   is now a valuable and sought-after vehicle.
They trade him a sports car and #.
Promptly breaks down.
Palfrey challenges Delauney to a rematch.
Using some stratagems  he thoroughly frustrates his foe.
They even start playing.
Then   Palfrey proceeds to win the set.
April becomes disgusted and drives off with Palfrey.
They go back.
Palfrey arranges to spill on her dress.
He suggests she take it off to dry and put.
Eventually  they end up through his tricks.
Palfrey can not bring himself to take advantage.
Then Delauney barges in  dragging Potter.
Delauney had found out.
Potter was Palfrey s guest and got the story out of him.
However   April realises.
Delauney informs her.
They embrace.
Potter breaks the fourth wall and apologises.
The film ends.
<EOS>
16-year-old high school student Todd Bowden discovers.
His elderly neighbor  Arthur Denker  is.
Bowden blackmails Dussander.
However  the teenager is fascinated  and forces Dussander to share disturbing stories.
Of what it was  and how it felt to participate in genocide.
Bowden even purchases an SS uniform  and forces Dussander to wear it.
His grades suffer  he loses interest.
When he spends more time.
He conceals his bad grades.
The Nazi blackmails the young boy into studying to restore his grades  threatening to expose the boy s subterfuge and his dalliance with Nazism to his parents.
Dussander even poses and goes to an appointment with Bowden s school counselor Edward French.
Talking affects both the old man and the young boy.
An intoxicated Dussander attempts to kill a cat but fails.
When it attacks him and escapes.
Dussander also takes great pride  going from near dropout to straight A s in a matter of weeks.
One night  Dussander tries to kill a hobo.
Who earlier had seen him.
He calls.
When Dussander has a heart attack.
Bowden  who finishes the job  cleans up  and calls an ambulance.
Dussander is recognized by a death camp survivor sharing his room.
He is arrested.
Bowden graduates and gives a speech about Icarus  saying  All great achievements arose from dissatisfaction.
It is the desire to do better  to dig deeper.
Propels civilization.
The scene is juxtaposed.
Bowden is briefly questioned with Dussander.
He manages to convince the police.
He knew nothing.
Dussander hears a group of Neo-Nazis demonstrating outside the hospital  realizing  he commits suicide by giving himself an air embolism.
His identity has been hopelessly compromised.
He confronts Bowden.
When French learns that the man who met him was not Bowden s grandfather but a war criminal.
Who blackmails him by threatening to accuse him of making inappropriate sexual advances towards him.
<EOS>
Pluk  an extraterrestrial robot endowed  is stranded on Earth.
He befriends the boy genius Niki  his girlfriend Babette and Niki s smart dog Jupiter.
They all leave Earth  searching for Pluk s ship Le Cosmos.
They stop before reaching Plukastre  the home planet of Pluk.
<EOS>
A couple  Peter and Mary Jackson are driving.
As they are stopped.
He soon learns.
They are.
He takes them to jail.
They see a little girl  dead.
They enter the police station.
Entragian shoots and kills Peter.
Mary is thrown along with a young boy  David Carver  his parents  Ralph and Ellen  and an old man  Tom Billingsley.
It s also learned.
The little girl is the Carver s daughter named Pie.
David is praying to God.
He s been doing it.
David and Brian were riding bikes.
As a crazy drunk guy was coming towards them.
David saves himself.
The car hits Brian s bike making him fly.
The car crashes and injures the man.
Brian flies and smashes his face  causing David to pray for him  which works.
The doctor.
Where Brian had to go.
Meanwhile  Steve Ames is.
Who is 50 miles up ahead.
Steve soon picks up a young female hitchhiker named Cynthia Smith.
Johnny stops.
Arrests him.
Later  David realizes.
He keeps saying Tak.
He is possessed.
Entragian then takes Ellen and puts a vicious dog.
He can shift his spirit.
Pie s ghost appears and gives David a bar.
He proceeds to scrub his body.
David slips and gets out of the room.
The dog is distracted.
David searches the police station and finds a gun.
He returns to shoot the guarding dog.
Meanwhile  Steve drives up.
Where Johnny was captured to find Johnny s motorcycle hidden behind dry bushes.
Cynthia and Steve later search the town.
Where they find all the residents dead.
That night  they both meet up.
They gather.
Tom tells a story.
Took place 120 years ago  when Chinese workers digging discovered an evil spirit named Tak.
The now possessed.
Tom is killed.
Mary is captured.
That she can have a new body.
David sees the ghost again.
She leads him.
Tak came.
Mary wakes up to find herself trapped.
She manages to escape.
Seriously injuring Ellen s body forcing Tak to take over the body.
Johnny later confesses.
He saw a guy  possessed  blow up the bathroom of a bar killing 87 people.
The group decides to return they found to put an end to Tak.
A vulture comes out and kills Ralph.
Johnny goes and falls in a hole leading to a small hole.
Order to redeem himself.
Where Tak is.
Johnny ignites the explosives  blowing up the mine.
The rest drive away in Steve s truck.
They pass by the RV vehicle owned by David s family and Peter s sister s car.
Mary tells Steve to stop the truck to retrieve an overnight package.
Mary finds an album belonging to Pie.
Steve identifies.
<EOS>
Zhao Shuxin is a capable engineer and German interpreter.
He is single and has the unusual habit.
The chessboard and pieces are his intimate friends and have accompanied him.
One day   he finds one  the black cannon  missing.
When Zhao returns.
He immediately hurries to the postal office and sends a telegram to the hotel.
He stayed.
Reads  Missing black cannon.
.
Searching.
Zhao.
Requesting the hotel s help to search.
Unexpectedly  this ambiguous telegram arouses vigilance.
The police swiftly set up a case to investigate the so-called Black Cannon Incident.
Zhao is removed and assigned somewhere else.
His interpreter post is taken over.
Who has little knowledge.
A German specialist  Hans Schmidt arrives.
His former partner  Zhao  has been replaced.
The new interpreter frequently makes mistakes.
Frustrated  Hans insists that Zhao return.
He even meets Zhao personally and asks.
Pushes Zhao.
Meanwhile  the company manager Li Renzhong  visits Zhao and accidentally finds the chess set.
Thus the puzzle seems resolved.
Li suggests Zhao resume his post as interpreter.
However  Zhou Yuzhen  the Party Chief  insists.
No further actions will be taken until the incident is completely straightened out.
The pitiful Zhao still knows nothing about the case.
The only thing is to inspect the progress at midnight with a flashlight and to garner information during a brief meeting with Hans.
He can do now.
The new interpreter  Feng  mistakenly translates bearing  leading to serious damage to the parts during a test run  as well as severe financial loss.
Before long  the postal office brings a package.
Zhou and the others covertly open it  only to find a Black Cannon chess piece.
The case is now completely clear.
Zhou grumbles to Zhao.
He should nt have sent such a telegram.
Apparently puzzled  Zhao asks.
Why ca nt I send a telegram.
<EOS>
A foreign power   attempts to set up secret missile bases to target the United States for their planned summer invasion.
Is represented.
Meanwhile  acting  Royal Canadian Mounted Police officers Don Roberts and Kay Conway go undercover in a settling party headed for the Yukon.
Marlof also has agents  Beck and Reed  to the site of the planned missile bases.
<EOS>
One night is found dead in a swamp.
Lois Lane and Clark Kent both decide to grab the story.
When news reaches the city the next morning.
Clark talks  not realizing she has gone.
He is talking.
Who gets angry.
Lois decides to go undercover.
She meets the new night guard  a kindly  white-haired  old man leaving the Personal MGR.
She goes to meet.
Office.
Lois goes undercover.
One day   she overhears the foreman telling two of the workers.
Mr Jones  one  wants to go over the plan upstairs at.
The workers head up to Mr Jones  office.
Lois follows.
Lois overhears.
The workers killed the Watchman and.
The switch has been rigged to a case of dynamite.
The whole factory will explode.
When the night guard throws the switch.
Just then  Mr Jones sees Lois and opens the blinds  causing Lois to realise.
She has been seen and run away.
He sends the workers to catch her.
Lois manages to get away and beams  but is caught by the foreman.
Who covers her mouth.
She is gagged.
The workers load her.
The night guard enters the room and rushes to help Lois.
The foreman stops the night guard.
The torpedo is sent to the testing range and set to be fired at a dummy ship.
The night guard is struggling to free himself from the rubble.
The night guard is really Clark.
Who has also decided to go undercover.
Clark changes into Superman.
Clark rushes out and saves Lois before the torpedo explodes.
The test torpedo is fired.
He frees her and wakes her  she tells him.
They are about to blow up the plant.
Realizing  Mr Jones orders.
They ve been discovered.
The foreman to throw the night guard s switch now.
He reaches the switch.
Superman stops him.
He spots a truck loaded.
When Mr Jones thinks his plans are ruined.
He steers the truck  then jumps out before impact.
Lois warns Superman.
Who was previously pinned down  about the truck.
Superman catches the truck and sends it  saving the factory.
The story ends.
Lois revealing.
She knew Clark was the night guard.
It may have been meant.
Lois was able to see easily but could not figure out that Clark was Superman as well.
<EOS>
Gloria has been sent to determine the profitability of the pit for the management of British Coal.
She also plays the flugelhorn brilliantly  and is allowed to play.
Whom she must conceal her purpose.
She renews a childhood romance.
Soon leads.
It is later revealed  the report simply being a P.
The decision to close the colliery had been made two years previously  and that this was to have gone ahead regardless.
R.
Exercise to placate the miners and members to their plight.
The passionate band conductor  Danny  finds.
He is fighting a losing battle to keep the rest.
His son Phil is badly and becomes a clown for children s parties  but fails to prevent his wife and children walking out on him.
Phil   has a breakdown.
Danny  collapses and is hospitalised from pneumoconiosis or a similar disease.
Who is later revealed to be struggling.
Entertaining a group as part of a harvest festival in a church.
Saying  he offers to tell a story.
He does nt know much.
Descends. 
Gestures of Jesus on the cross and reels off a list of perceived injustices  asking.
What the bloody hell s He playing.
My name s Coco the Scab.
Later he attempts suicide.
He is spotted   by two security guards.
Who  it is assumed  save him.
Danny  lying  notices Phil s clown shoes.
He is pushed to his ward on a trolley.
Phil reveals.
Talking. 
The band has decided not to continue playing.
It will be their last performance.
Andy  having pawned his tenor horn  whistles along in his pockets.
They all switch off their lamps.
They finish.
Itself is finally closed  the band finds success in the national brass band competition.
Andy wins his tenor horn back.
Having forgiven Gloria   the band travel.
She gives them the money she was paid to compile the report.
Where they are amused.
A.
System bet.
She s glad the bugger s closed.
Phil leaves a note for Danny.
Is found by a nurse along with Danny s pajamas the next morning.
The note simply says  WE RE GOING.
Danny refuses to accept the trophy stating  this bloody government has systematically destroyed an entire industry.
It s only human beings that matter and not music or the trophy and that.
OUR industry.
And not just our industry -- our communities  our homes  our lives.
All of ` progress.
And.
A few lousy bob.
However   another band member takes away.
The giant cup Do nt talk so bloody soft.
The film ends kissing passionately on the upper deck of an open topped bus travelling through London.
The rest play Land of Hope and Glory conducted by Danny.
<EOS>
The story starts off  returning home from the movies to find their infant child screaming with a high temperature and an ear ache.
The father calls the doctor.
Who promises to the pharmacist the following day.
The neighborhood wakes up due to a blackout.
The baby is still ill.
The father goes  but is unable to get the required medicine due to the blackout preventing the doctor from phoning in the prescription.
The father then steals the medicine.
When the pharmacist is not looking.
Chaos ensues.
Due friend  Joe  decide to buy a gun.
An intruder breaks during the night.
The two friends manage to chase him out.
Where a neighbor shoots the intruder.
The neighbors then conspire to cover up the fact.
The deceased intruder did not actually have a gun.
More chaos occurs  so the family and the friend decide to flee.
They do not have enough fuel to travel the whole way  so they stop.
A man is lying.
Joe notices heads back.
The man has a hand gun  so.
Joe aims the shotgun.
The man shoots him and steals the car.
Matthew then heads off to try to get help for his family.
The man occupying the house refuses to help him initially.
He does not trust him.
Matthew collects the shotgun and returns  hoping to steal the car.
Matthew breaks.
The owner eventually agrees to help Matthew.
The owner and his young daughter drive.
<EOS>
Woo is an extroverted woman living.
She has a notorious knack.
Woo does nt believe.
When Woo s psychic friend Celestrial predicts that the man is about to enter her life.
It is true.
Celestrial  however  is convinced.
Woo is destined to meet a tall  debonair Virgo.
Woo s cousin Claudette and Claudette s boyfriend Lenny plan to spend the night together but find themselves entertaining Woo instead.
Lenny begs his best friend --  straight-laced law clerk Tim is the polar opposite.
Tim Jackson to take Woo out.
Though shy.
That same night  Lenny and Claudette s night goes wrong.
When his sick obsession drives her to be forced to dress up as a sexy but awkward chicken ho.
She is allergic.
Woo expresses disinterest in the matchmaking mismatch.
But  she decides  jumps  and immediately heads for Tim s apartment.
When she s told that Tim is a Virgo.
It is fate.
Meanwhile  Tim   goes next door.
Who ca nt believe his luck.
Darryl supplies Tim.
Tim is completely smitten.
When Woo arrives.
Woo  however  discovers.
Tim is anything.
Finding Tim s pseudo-cool act totally transparent  she humiliates and teases him.
They are just about to exit Tim s apartment.
When Tim is visited -- Frankie  Hop  and Romaine.
The chauvinistic attitude irritates Woo  so she retaliates and freaks out the trio by acting insane.
Finally  the date gets underway.
Woo and Tim arrive.
Woo s behavior gets them thrown out.
They go.
Where Tim becomes the victim  punched out.
Woo likes a good laugh.
She finds this hilarious.
When Tim discovers the theft.
And so it goes  straight.
Tim s friends  Frankie  Hop and Romaine have their own night  gradually going to the same places.
Woo and Tim go.
Unfortunately  they unwittingly go to a night club with mostly drag queens.
Hop thinks.
They are really women.
Tagline  It s her world.
We re just living.
<EOS>
Unscrupulous Marmaduke Paradine steals the Garuda Stone  the magical eye of an Indian idol.
Grants one wish.
He had been warned  convinced.
The thief would have bad luck.
He returns.
Paul  a wealthy stockbroker  can not understand.
His eldest son Dick is reluctant to return to boarding school.
Paul recalls the carefree days and casually wishes.
He could take Dick s place.
He finds himself looking just like his son.
The neglected boy uses his wish to take  eager to enjoy the perks of being an adult.
When Dick realizes what has happened.
Dick sends his protesting father off  carries on with his father s girlfriend Fanny Verlayne.
He throws parties  flirts and even.
Meanwhile  Paul s pompous behavior soon antagonizes his classmates and the disciplinarian headmaster  Dr Grimstone.
He also puzzles Grimstone s daughter Dulcie.
Who can not understand why her once-attentive beau seems to be smitten.
Paul escapes the bullying  only to overhear Paradine tell Fanny.
He plans to trick Dick.
He pleads.
Dick can not remember.
Where he left the stone.
Fortunately  Paul finally finds it and gets him to wish things back.
Chastened  Paul becomes more understanding of Dick s situation.
<EOS>
Enigmatic young Melina has fallen in  catching the attention of the gang s defiant leader Moise  but inviting scorn and jealousy from the group s other members including Moise s lover Libby.
But wild and drunken partying has terrible consequences.
The shocking truth is revealed.
When Melina s fiancee Carson begins investigating.
<EOS>
Elgar Enders  a man  buys himself an inner-city tenement.
Who lives off his parents  wealth.
However   he gradually grows fond.
He ventures.
Who dwell there.
Enders decides to remain  and help fix the apartment building.
He rebels  he romances two black women  Lanie and Fanny.
Elgar falls.
Lanie is a beautiful black woman  thus she has light skin and features  and has experienced colorism.
Who has a mother  and a father of African descent.
Their relationship is strained.
Elgar has an affair of his tenants  Fanny  and gets her pregnant.
Consequently  her boyfriend Copee  a black activist  is enraged.
When he finds out  and tries to kill Elgar with an axe.
He ultimately stops.
The Enders family is shaken and stirred  but reluctantly accepts him.
Ultimately  Fanny disowns the illegitimate  Caucasian looking child and gives him.
The story ends.
<EOS>
Siddharth Sardesai  a young scientist  not in a mother s womb but in a science lab.
Who wants to create another human being.
It could be a doom.
He is successful it could be a boon.
Siddharth has been experimenting and has been unsuccessful.
But today he is confident.
He needs permission.
There are few people.
Who do nt approve.
Amongst.
Them is Inspector Rathod.
So Siddharth is shattered.
When Dr Krishnan informs him that the permission to go ahead is not granted.
Siddharth is shattered.
His love  Aditi comforts him.
She also suggests him.
She would speak Mr Chopra who is a big industrialist and could finance him for his project to help him go ahead with his dream of creating a human clone.
Siddharth agrees to take Aditi s help.
He builds his own lab and starts with his experiment.
He first clones a mouse.
Time is running out.
Ultimately Siddharth has to take a plunge.
He begins to clone himself.
He succeeds.
All hell breaks loose.
When suddenly Siddharth is put.
Siddharth realizes.
It is his clone that is doing all this.
But he is helpless.
No one believes him that he has cloned himself  not even Dr Krishnan.
The clone has other ideas.
He wants to take and starts playing games.
He flirts and even impregnates her.
The clone kills.
Dr Krishnan and the blame comes.
Inspector Rathod gets furious and promises Siddharth.
He will not let him go out alive.
Siddharth is to prove his innocence of the crime.
His clone has committed.
But was Siddharth justified to go ahead and press the button to create the first human clone.
Siddharth has to fight his own battle.
The law is not.
<EOS>
A boy named.
Norman Babcock is able to speak.
Unfortunately  almost no one believes.
He is isolated emotionally and bullied by most of his peers for his seemingly strange abilities.
However  Norman makes a friend.
Who is bullied himself.
Norman has a harrowing vision of the town s past.
Being pursued by the town s citizenry.
Afterward  the boys are confronted.
Who tells his nephew that the vision is a sign that he soon must take up his regular ritual to protect the town.
Norman refuses to take him seriously  but soon has another vision  creating a public spectacle of himself.
Leads. 
Now completely despondent and isolated  Norman is confronted.
Who tells him that the ritual must be performed before sundown that day  before departing for the afterlife.
Norman sets off to Prenderghast s residence to retrieve the book.
Believing  he drives him away.
Neil would not truly understand his situation.
He arrives.
Who were supposedly cursed.
Alvin  a bully  intrudes and interferes until after sundown.
Norman can ponder the situation.
Who overheard Norman s encounter.
A ghostly storm resembling the witch appears in the air.
The cursed dead arise and pursue the boys until they meet Norman s sister  Courtney  Neil and his older brother  Mitch  who have come to retrieve Norman.
Together  the kids are relentlessly pursued into town.
Norman manages to contact a classmate named Salma.
Who tells them to access the Town Hall s archives.
The zombies eventually lose them and find themselves confused and then are beset by the citizenry.
The kids make their way.
Who attack them en masse.
The kids break into the archives but can not find any information.
They need.
Norman temporarily drives away his companions only.
The mob moves to attack Town Hall.
Them to be trapped.
However  the Witch storm appears.
Norman climbs the Hall s tower to desperately attempt to read the book to stop her  but the witch blasts it and causes him to fall back down into the archives.
Unconscious  Norman has a dream  unjustly condemned.
Where he learns that the witch was actually Agatha Prenderghast  an innocent little girl who was also a medium.
Who were then cursed to reawaken as she was taken for execution.
Norman encounters the zombies and realizes.
All they wanted was to speak to ensure he would take up the ritual to minimize the harm of the terrible mistake they made with Agatha.
However  Norman decides.
This gesture is not enough and resolves to find Agatha s ghost to arrive.
Norman attempts to help the zombies slip away to have them guide him  but are cornered by the mob.
However  Courtney   confronts the crowd and convinces them to back off.
Who has come to realize her brother s true abilities  heroism and task.
Judge Hopkins guides Norman s family.
The witch storm rages ever more destructively.
Unfortunately  Agatha s magic separates Norman.
He must reach the grave to save the town.
Norman finds the grave  and soon confronted  interacting with her in the spirit dimension.
She tries to drive him away.
Norman resolutely holds his ground  telling her.
He understands how she feels.
Norman endures her assault and eventually convinces her.
She struggles to drive him away.
Inflicting more pain and persuades her to stop.
Norman tries to convince her  there must have been someone.
Even. 
Who was kind.
Focusing only and forgetting the good things in her life is.
What reduced her.
Eventually  the girl  nicknamed Aggie  calms down  recalling her true personality and happy memories with her mother.
She is able to find a measure  knowing.
She is not alone.
One person understands her  allowing her to let go and move on to the afterlife.
All peacefully fade away.
The town cleans up and regards Norman as a hero.
When the outside media tries to explain the disturbance as merely a powerful storm.
Norman  realizing  accepts Neil s companionship.
He  too  should stop focusing.
Norman watches a horror film with the ghost of his Grandmother again.
His family eagerly joins him.
<EOS>
Ollie wants to join Stan.
His wife has other ideas.
She demands he install the radio antenna  a job.
He has been neglecting.
Soon  Stan stops by to help his friend.
They perch a ladder in the back seat of Stan s car.
The car shifts  and speeds uncontrollably through city with Ollie still atop the ladder.
<EOS>
Stephen Fitzgerald  a newspaper reporter  meets a leprechaun and a beautiful young woman while traveling in Ireland.
He finds.
When he returns.
The leprechaun and the young woman are now as well.
Stephen is torn.
He might enjoy.
<EOS>
T.
F.
Stockwell steals the money and jewelry contents.
He works.
He flees south with his young daughter Doreen and the pilot.
Brought down  the three survive the crash but Rawlinson murders the pilot.
When he sees the stolen loot.
Doreen finds a gorilla wounded and left for dead by members of a safari.
Years pass.
When Ray Gorman comes where the plane crashed.
Bar owner Carl Hurst and his female associate Marie spy to see.
What he s up.
Gorman s father was head  he committed suicide.
Stockwell worked and robbed.
When Gorman s father was blamed.
Gorman is out to recover the loot to clear his father s name.
Tobo confides.
When Gorman saves Hurst s servant Tobo.
There is a white witch.
Gorman realises.
This could be a reference.
Tobo offers to lead Gorman.
Hurst and Marie secretly follow.
The white witch is the grown up Doreen living.
Who protects her.
<EOS>
The film begins.
Cromwell s tyranny is coming.
We learn.
King Charles II and several have been on an exploratory tour in England  checking to see if the populace is ready to back his return.
He is being hounded by a troop of Roundheads.
King Charles stops to bid one.
Who he gives one  telling Lucius to send it if he ever needs his help.
Taking the ring  allowing Charles and Lucius  cousin  Lord Richard Vyne to reach a waiting boat bound.
Lucius borrows the King s distinctive plumed hat and leads the King s pursuers away.
Lucius manages to loose the Roundheads.
Panthea Vyne is tricked into marriage by a lecherous older tax collector Drysdale.
Who had been seeking her hand.
He promises to intercede and save her brother Lord Richard.
Who  he tells her  is about to be executed.
Drysdale tells her he can save her brother.
She agrees to marry him.
Leaving the church she and her new husband  no sooner reach their waiting coach.
He attempts to unbutton her dress.
Her small Cavalier King Charles Spaniel barks.
Who throws it and stomps it to death.
Just then a gun ball blows a chunk from the coach besides Drysdale s head.
The mysterious masked highwayman known puts a stop to Drysdale s advances and helps our heroine to bury her dog.
She tells Silver Blade  he whispers  telling her.
Drysdale has lied.
Her brother is already dead.
Silver Blade then duels.
Who Panthea warns Silver Blade is the best swordsman.
Silver Blades soon runs him through and then takes Panthea home.
The event will come back to haunt them both.
Next her aunt  Lady Emma Darlington talks her.
Panthea is all alone now that her father and brother are dead.
We learn.
Aunt Emma was the King s ` second  mother.
The King invites Panthea to be a lady.
The King s mistress Lady Castlemaine is livid.
Panthea asks her Aunt.
Who is ` that  Lady pointing.
Her aunt tells her to look away.
Next Lady Castlemaine s guest Rudolph  introduces himself  reminding Panthea and her aunt.
He is Panthea s cousin.
He then introduces Lady Castlemaine  and walks away.
When suddenly Lady Darlington grabs Panthea and abruptly turns her back.
Lady Castlemaine is fit to be tied and swears to take revenge.
Cousin Rudolph plots to inherit the title as well.
Lucius  is in true Robin Hood fashion  working against the King s secret enemies.
Panthea he saved her  learns and is about to be captured.
Who has been with Silver Blade since the day.
He is.
She rides to warn him and saves the day.
However   she falls victim.
After the King leaves.
Who is.
Meanwhile Lady Castlemaine learns and pays the coachman  now a sergeant in the Kings Guards to accuse Panthea of murder.
She sets her trap.
Soon Panthea is fighting.
Attempts her rescue and ends up arrested as well.
She is condemned.
Hepasses the King s ring  telling her to take it to the King.
Rudolph sees the sparkling ring and takes it.
His jailer and he and his men fight their way out of their jail and rides to the Tower of London to Panthea s rescue.
Lucius and Phanthea are surrounded  escape is seemingly immposible  but  the plodding Rudolph   barges in before the King and demands to be declared the Duke of Manston Hall.
Who ca nt wait till he is sure Lucius is dead.
The King spys the ring and soon shows up in time to save the day.
Who has seemingly forgotten his friend.
Lucius and Panthea are married.
All ends well.
<EOS>
A magician shows a girl a magic trick  causing a bird to vanish and then reappear.
Magician Alfred Borden is sentenced.
Both were assistants.
Angier s wife Julia drowned performing a water cell act.
Angier blames Borden.
Who professes not to remember if he had tied her.
The two become bitter competitors  disrupting each other s acts.
Borden becomes The Professor.
Angier becomes The Great Danton.
The magic trick is explained  the original bird is crushed and replaced with a double.
Angier is incensed.
When Borden meets and marries Sarah.
They have a daughter  Jess.
Angier sabotages Borden s bullet catch  costing Borden two fingers.
Borden then ruins Angier s victimless bird cage act  maiming an audience member  killing the dove  and damaging Angier s reputation.
Borden soon surprises.
Where he enters one cabinet and exits another.
Angier and Cutter argue over its possibility.
It is a double and Angier refusing to accept the possibility.
Unable to understand Borden s trick  Angier hires a look-alike actor Root to allow him to steal Borden s general idea.
The New Transported Man is a success.
Angier resents hiding.
Root gets the applause.
He sends Olivia to discover Borden s secret.
She resents the obsession and falls with Borden instead  she leaves Borden s encrypted diary of tricks to Angier as a parting gift.
Borden already understood Angier s trick.
Olivia allows him to influence Root to ask  Borden then completely ruins the act by removing a pad below the stage s trap door  crippling Angier  and displaying a tied-up Root before the audience  turning the routine into an advertisement for his own show.
Angier and Cutter capture and bury Fallon alive to be released to Borden s trick and the keyword to the diary s cipher.
Borden professes.
Both are Tesla.
Angier pursues Nikola Tesla alone.
Cutter abandons him.
Angier pays Tesla to make a copy.
He believed Borden used  providing the inventor after Edison s smear campaign proves successful in drying up other sources.
Angier finishes deciphering Borden s diary to discover.
It was a fraud supplied.
An angry confrontation reveals.
His machine actually works  but creates duplicates.
Thomas Edison s henchmen arrive to torch the lab and Tesla leaves.
Not before completing Angier s machine and warning him to destroy it.
Meanwhile  Borden s preoccupation with Olivia alienate Sarah.
Who hangs herself.
Borden s cold response then leaves.
Olivia disaffected.
Angier returns  electrifying audiences with The Real Transported Man  vanishing within the machine and reappearing in the back of the hall.
The machine creates a duplicate  it is left unclear.
Whether the original Angier is teleported or remains.
The one left falls through a trap door and plunges into a water cell  drowning.
The tanks are disposed every night.
Borden witnesses Angier drown but is caught and convicted.
Snooping backstage and tries to save him.
Borden is visited by the agent of a Lord Caldlow.
Who offers to care in exchange for Borden s secrets.
Borden is given Angier s diary and finds  then discovers.
His conviction has been orchestrated.
Lord Caldlow is the yet-living Angier when the lord arrives to collect the secrets.
Borden attempts to give them.
Caldlow rips them without reading them  before leaving with Jess.
Borden is hanged  to live for them both.
Cutter learns.
Caldlow has bought all  including the machine  and visits Caldlow s estate to plead for its destruction.
He recognises Angier.
Who admits he has always been Lord Caldlow but pretended to be the American Robert Angier to spare his family the embarrassment.
Cutter realises.
Borden s death was planned but  unable to have Caldlow come forward  accompanies him to store Tesla s machine among the tanks previously used for the duplicates.
Cutter recognises and nods to Fallon.
Fallon enters and shoots Caldlow.
Fallon s disguise removed  he tells the dying Caldlow twins and off.
He and Borden were identical.
Who shared their lives.
He removed the ends to duplicate Borden s injury and the two shared lovers to maintain the illusion of being a single man.
Fallon reveals -- Borden loved their late wife Sarah and survived.
They each loved one woman.
Fallon loved their mistress Olivia and died.
Caldlow reveals his machine s own trick  repeatedly recreating Julia s suffering to bask in the admiration of the crowd.
Borden leaves him to die.
A fire consumes the building.
The first scene vanishing the bird for the delight of the little girl.
This time  the scene continues.
Fallon/Borden appears to reclaim his daughter.
<EOS>
A troublesome boy named.
Roger is running away.
He s stopped.
Who tries to persuade him to change his ways.
Flashing back  the 10-year-old Clifford is a deceptive  evil  weird-looking boy.
Who never lets go.
He loves.
Dinosaurs and his dream is to visit Dinosaur World  a theme park located.
Clifford stops the plane s engines  forcing it to make an emergency landing.
Flying to Honolulu.
His father  Julien  scolds Clifford.
Clifford is banned.
Julien has an important engagement to attend.
Julien phones his brother Martin   to propose the idea of Clifford staying with him for a while.
Who resides.
He thinks.
This could be the perfect opportunity to prove  Sarah Davis  how well he interacts with children  especially his nephew whom he has nt seen since he was baptized.
Little does.
He know that a calculating monster hides.
Martin reveals to Clifford.
He designed Larry the Scary Rex and is able to get.
This only strengthens Clifford s obsession to visit the theme park.
Martin promises to take him there  but is ultimately forced to back out.
He must finish designing new plans.
This enrages Clifford.
Who embarks.
Clifford notices a family going and sees a boy named Kevin in a dinosaur costume heading to the restroom.
Martin buys chocolate.
Clifford buys the dinosaur costume and also gives Kevin his own clothes.
Clifford then gets.
No one will notice.
But Martin finds Kevin wearing Clifford s clothes  and finds Clifford in the van  causing Kevin s mother to think.
Martin assaulted Kevin.
But Kevin comes out  proving.
Martin was telling the truth.
Martin scolds Clifford and refuses to take him to Dinosaur World  ever.
Clifford turns his uncle s life upside down  jeopardizing Martin s relationship as well as his job.
He compliments Martin s boss  Mr Ellis  about his toupee to his face and causes Martin to be humiliated at Sarah s parents  35th wedding anniversary party by replacing his Bloody Mary with straight Tabasco sauce.
Clifford manages to get Martin to do an unprepared toast.
Turns after Martin drinks the Tabasco and then tries to soothe his mouth by drinking straight out of the punch bowl in front of Sarah s family.
Clifford causes further embarrassment  and tops it off by getting him arrested in front of Sarah s family after calling in a fake bomb threat by editing Martin s punishment to Clifford  causing Martin to have a criminal record.
To add further punishment  Clifford tricks him into boarding a train to San Francisco  throws a party in Martin s house  and destroys all of his work by planting a bomb in a presentation during a press conference.
He is.
Causes him to be fired.
Sarah believes.
Martin is not able to watch Clifford  and takes Clifford home.
She has found that Martin has locked him  nailing the door.
Windows shut.
Martin s sanity snaps.
Martin drives  putting Clifford in a straitjacket.
Martin finally takes Clifford  after hours  to make him ride the Larry the Scary Rex ride.
He can no longer take it.
Clifford seems to enjoy himself.
Martin ups the ride s speed again and again.
The ride malfunctions and Clifford s cart crashes  leaving him dangling.
Clifford cries out to save him.
Martin hesitates.
He worries.
He does the right thing and risks his own life to save Clifford.
The two escape just.
Clifford finally apologizes.
Martin is fed up.
He tells Clifford.
He is a destructive thing  not a human.
Clifford   decides not to go home.
Who was upset.
We momentarily return.
When Father Clifford says that this experience made him turn his life around.
He wrote hundreds asking his uncle s forgiveness  to little avail.
But later on  Martin gave him the bestest request.
Meant that he had finally forgiven Clifford.
Roger decides to not run away and to write hundreds  asking for forgiveness.
Father Clifford then takes Stephan  saying  Mission accomplished  old friend.
<EOS>
Senior Mandrake is the sequel.
Kuttan has become enviably rich  and has got rid.
But soon it finds its way back.
The world starts crumbling around him.
He frantically scurries around to hand it over.
<EOS>
A stick figure toddler is repeatedly attacked.
No explanation.
Or why the balloon is doing so.
Similar events are shown to be occurring as the short progresses.
<EOS>
The film revolves.
Who needs a high score to get into his preferred architecture program at Cornell University.
He constantly compares himself.
Who is now living.
Kyle s best friend  Matty  wants to get a high score.
He can go.
He is an underachiever.
Who had previously received a low score.
They both believe.
The SAT is standing.
The two boys realize.
Fellow student Francesca Curtis  father owns the building that houses the regional office  where the answers to the SAT are located.
Francesca initially does nt want to help but changes her mind  saying What the hell.
Meanwhile  Kyle becomes attracted and tells her about the plan.
Anna had bombed a previous SAT and needs a good score to get.
However  Matty does nt like the fact.
She now knows and has an outburst  right in the presence of stoner Roy  who then has to be included in the heist.
And finally  Anna tells the school basketball star Desmond Rhodes.
Who needs a score to join the basketball team at St.
John s University.
An early attempt to break fails.
The team then devises another plan.
Francesca will arrange for Kyle and Matty to have a meeting near the top floor  staying after closing.
The other three will wait outside and watch the night guard.
Francesca  Kyle  and Matty have successfully stolen the answers.
The first part goes well  with Francesca  Kyle  and Matty successfully dodging security cameras and the night guard.
However  the answers are located.
Only the technical genius Roy can crack the password  he and the other two get.
Roy correctly guesses the password.
Still  the answers ca nt be printed  so the group decides to take the test and get the answers that way.
They are finished and have all the answers written down.
They try to escape  however  Francesca is left behind and is about to be discovered  so Matty purposefully gives himself up.
Order to save her.
Everyone else escapes  but each faces a certain confrontation  Kyle s brother asks him  Matty is bailed out by Francesca  Anna finds independence from her parents.
He s really worse.
Desmond s mother convinces Roy to quit drugs.
The group realizes.
The SAT testing begins.
Although it will help get them what they want  they would be better off.
Roy grabs the answers and distributes them.
Matty comments.
This whole thing was.
Kyle replies  I would nt say nothing.
He glances.
Matty and Francesca also share a look.
They have presumably started a relationship  too.
Each person eventually gets their desired test score  Kyle s dream of becoming an architect is still alive by attending Syracuse University  Desmond ends up going to St.
John s  Matty becomes an actor  Francesca writes a novel.
Anna decides to travel Europe.
He gets a GED.
He earned the highest SAT in the county  and  under Desmond s mom s guidance.
He then puts his untapped intelligence to use  becoming a successful video game designer.
<EOS>
Sailors Laurel and Hardy disembark and book.
The owner Mugsie Long intends to marry a young girl.
Stan and Ollie come.
The boys find out.
An old pal offers $.
Ollie will fight that night.
Ollie agrees but predictably makes Stan the fighter.
Himself the manager.
The catch is Stan s opponent.
Is Mugsie himself.
Knowing  Ollie makes a seemingly wise bet to win.
Tough Mugsie is.
The drunk accepts the bet  making.
Himself seem to Ollie a sucker.
Seeing Stan  Mugsie loads his glove with metal.
The fight begins.
However   Mugsie and Stan accidentally switch gloves  causing Mugsie to comically run away from Stan knowing.
He has the loaded glove.
Stan   manages to knock out Mugsie.
Who does nt realize the glove is loaded.
Ollie is forced to give the drunk the money.
They received.
He and Stan flee.
<EOS>
Tony Benson is a psychopathic  deeply confused  socially inept man.
He lives alone.
He obsessively collects 1980s violent action movies.
He aimlessly wanders the streets  his life is dull  empty  odd  and is made up of deeply bad habits.
He has been unemployed and living.
Early he is revealed to be a secret serial killer.
He kills men.
He encounters.
Whom he uncomfortably tries to engage.
The encounter ends.
Locking the other before letting him go believing the terrified addict would nt go to the police.
The rare visitors complain.
Tony does get usually.
He blames.
When. 
Others he meets before bringing them back to his flat and usually end with him rejecting their advances and killing them too.
He also gets dismissed.
Tony is shown to be very confused.
He is seen disposing of the bodies of his victims by butchering their torsos and human organs in his kitchen sink before bagging them and dumping them in the River Thames and canals in London.
He is seen sharing a bed with a rotting corpse obviously one of his victims from another murder  and dragging bodies.
Are stashed to put on the couch to sit and watch TV with him.
Tony also comes.
When his son goes missing.
Grover bullies Tony  he attacks Tony  including spitting on him in the street during the search of his son and coming across Tony.
Whenever they cross paths.
Grover accuses Tony and wrongly blames him for his son s disappearance.
Tony becomes suspect number one and his withdrawn nature towards other people.
Tony s dark past could finally be revealed  only time tells.
When a police detective pays him a visit to question him.
Tony is responsible and if his murdering ways will be sussed.
Tony is a disturbing  sparse film.
Some are very mundane as in real life.
Makes it a realistic portrayal.
<EOS>
A group begins to feel safe from partisan attacks while staying in a small town  far from the mountains.
Where the fighting is taking place.
Local lads  unhappy  organise themselves into a group and take action.
They write anti-German slogans.
A prisoner escapes and the boys decide to help him.
They succeed.
Summary of Slovene film site.
<EOS>
The Stooges are warehouse workers.
Who are assigned.
Shemp stumbles.
Unpacking the goods.
He  at first  dubs a syrup pitcher.
A genie appears  startling Shemp.
Calling the genie genius  the Stooges are pursued two Arabian thugs.
Who are.
<EOS>
The plot centers.
What to do.
The rabbit s activities depend.
What genre appears.
Occasionally  the animators hand will appear.
<EOS>
Martin Brice and his friend Cosmo have broken into a university s computer and are now hacking into other computer networks.
Martin leaves to get a pizza and witnesses and arrest Cosmo.
The police enter the building.
Martin then goes.
Twenty years later  Martin  now using the alias Martin Bishop  runs a tiger team.
Who use unorthodox methods.
The team includes  Donald Crease  a former CIA officer and high-strung family man  Darryl Mother Roskow  a conspiracy theorist and dexterity  Carl Arbogast  a young genius  and Erwin Whistler Emory  a blind phone phreak with an acute sense of hearing.
One day  Martin is approached.
Who reveal they are aware.
They ask Martin to recover a black box decoder device.
Mathematician Dr Gunter Janek has supposedly been developing under the guise of a company called Setec Astronomy.
Martin recruits his former girlfriend  Liz  a pianist/piano teacher  to help.
Who knows.
His team is ultimately successful.
Whistler becomes curious and begins to examine it with Mother and Carl s help.
They learn.
The box contains an advanced algorithm that can essentially break any encryption code  which they prove  the national power grid  and other heavily secured networks.
Martin and Liz  along with Crease and his wife  figure out.
Playing Scrabble that an anagram is too many secrets.
Quickly realizing  Crease orders a lockdown.
Any government would kill to possess the box.
They can return the device.
Crease discovers.
When Martin and Crease meet the agents to exchange the device.
Janek has been murdered  and interrupts the exchange.
The two flee the scene.
Only Martin had given the box to the men.
They soon learn.
Gordon and Wallace were never NSA agents  and that Janek was working.
Martin turns.
Who is able to identify Gordon and Wallace.
His limo is pulled over.
Gregor can reveal who they are working.
Who murder Gregor  and kidnap Martin  framing him.
Martin awakes.
Cosmo reveals.
He developed ties while incarcerated.
Using his hacking skills  their influence helped him escape prison and become quite wealthy.
He goes on to reveal.
He is  and that he wants the box so that he can destabilize the world s economy  thus bringing about the total anarchy the two had believed in back in.
Cosmo offers Martin the chance to work.
Martin refuses.
Bitter uses the black box to break into the FBI database and connect Martin s current alias with his real name  then has his men dump Martin in the city.
Martin reunites.
They relocate.
They call the NSA using call routing to prevent tracing and offer to recover the box.
Their location is almost traced.
Discussing the situation.
They decide to steal the box.
Themselves to use  after they learn that Abbott can not guarantee their safety without the box.
Martin is able to recreate the route during his kidnapping to a toy company.
Is a front.
The team identifies Cosmo s office  its security features  and the route to enter it.
To obtain the necessary vocal passkeys  the team convinces Liz to go.
Eventually  Brandes becomes suspicious  and brings her to Cosmo   Cosmo immediately suspects a plot  realizes  and locks down the facility.
When Liz offhandedly mentions her dissatisfaction.
Martin is up.
Cosmo tracks Martin.
Where the rest is escaping  and demands the box at gunpoint.
Martin reluctantly hands  tells Cosmo  and departs.
1969 had been a prank rather than a cause.
They are gone.
Cosmo discovers that Martin has given him a duplicate box.
They are surrounded.
When Martin and his team return.
Martin realizes.
The box will only work  and that the NSA wants it to spy on other U.
S.
Agencies. 
He asks.
His record be cleared.
Abbott agrees.
Martin prompts the other team members to demand their own personal desires  to refuse.
Abbott ultimately unable.
Crease get tickets and his wife to go to Portugal  Madrid  Athens and Tahiti.
Mother gets a Winnebago.
Carl gets the telephone number.
Whistler asks.
The government make peace to all men.
The box is handed over.
Martin reveals.
The agents leave.
He took out the key processor that contains the critical algorithm  rendering it useless.
We find out somebody  and used the stolen money to make massive anonymous donations to Amnesty International  Greenpeace and the United Negro College Fund.
Has used the processor to steal money  driving it to bankruptcy.
<EOS>
Little Red Riding Hood discovers.
The Big Bad Wolf has disguised himself  just as the ax-wielding woodsman bursts through the window  startling everyone.
The police quickly arrive.
Red  Wolf  Granny  and the Woodsman are questioned about the events leading up the incident.
Red explains.
She was delivering goodies when she discovered a threat from the mysterious Goodie Bandit.
Hoping to save her Granny s recipes  she embarked to take them to the top of a nearby mountain.
Where her Granny lives.
She encountered the Wolf.
Who asked her a series.
She managed to escape  and eventually reached her Granny s house  however she found the Wolf already waiting.
Becomes confused though.
What at first seems to be an open-and-shut case.
It is learned that the Wolf is an investigative reporter.
He reveals  and had reason to believe.
He was searching.
Granny and Red were the culprits.
Locating Red  he questioned her  hoping to get.
He headed and arriving first  went undercover  hoping to trick her into giving him the evidence.
When Red escaped.
He needed.
The Woodsman reveals.
When questioned.
He is in fact an aspiring actor who was only trying out.
He went out to get in character for his role  and spent the rest of the day felling trees.
His schnitzel truck was robbed.
An especially large tree rolled  and pushed him through the window of Granny s home.
The investigation then turns.
Who reveals that  unbeknownst  she is an extreme sports enthusiast.
Earlier that day  she was attacked by the opposing team  but got away safely after learning.
They were hired.
Despondent over her Granny s lack  Red wanders off alone.
Meanwhile  Nicky Flippers realizes  and concludes.
The one commonality was a bunny named Boingo.
He is the Goodie Bandit.
However  Boingo has already snuck.
Red sees Boingo and follows him.
The police pursue him.
Granny  the Wolf  and the Woodsman manage to locate Boingo.
He is explaining his evil scheme.
Boingo plans to add an addictive substance  and then explode the forest  making way for new real estate for expanding his business.
The Wolf and the Woodsman go undercover to distract Boingo into his lair.
Open conflict ensues.
Boingo sends a bound and gagged Red.
Granny goes  with Boingo and his henchmen in pursuit.
Red manages to free herself  and escapes.
The police  who have been located  are waiting at the bottom of the mountain to arrest Boingo and his henchmen.
Some time later  the Woodsman finds success.
Red  Granny  the Wolf  and Twitchy are enlisted to join a crime solving organization called Happily Ever After Agency.
<EOS>
The narrative unfolds  and consistently switches back and forth between them  leading the audience to grasp randomly for a distinct main character or hero.
The film explores.
How deeply qualities run.
Le Doulos begins.
He then murders his friend  Gilbert  and steals the jewels.
He had been hiding  products.
Shortly afterwards  Maurice plans a heist and shares his plan with Silien.
Who is rumored to be a police informant.
Silien is later picked up and questioned.
The film unfolds  incorporating a number of plot twists revealed through Melville s traditionally styled hard-boiled dialogue and picturesque visuals.
<EOS>
The film begins.
The alien survivors  known  are quickly killed by the planet s predatory native inhabitants  the Selenites.
The ship s core  Vecanoi  survives  and sprouts Axis  a massive tree reaching up into space.
600 years later  a race have evolved living in the branches of Axis.
One  a young girl named Kaena  is an adventurous daydreamer.
Who longs to explore the world.
Kaena s inquisitiveness is opposed.
Who commands his people to stay productive and toil.
Led  Kaena eventually defies the elder and climbs to the top of Axis.
There  she encounters the ancient alien Opaz  the last survivor.
Crash landed ago.
Opaz has used his technology to evolve a race to serve him and help him escape the planet.
Opaz enlists her help in retrieving Vecanoi.
Contains the collective memory.
However  Vecanoi rests.
Where the Selenites dwell.
The Queen blames Vecanoi for the destruction of their planet  and has spent most of her life attempting to destroy it.
<EOS>
Teddy Bears  Picnic covers an annual encampment at the Zambezi Glen  a thinly-veiled reference to the Bohemian Grove.
The movie starts out.
Where wives and girlfriends are invited to visit the glen ahead of the annual encampment  which also serves to introduce the glen and the characters to the audience.
The actual retreat  based at the Bohemian Grove  with a pelican replacing the latter s owl.
Itself begins after the members have returned and kicks off with the Assassination of Time.
The festivities begin  including an all-male chorus line in drag.
Is photographed.
This violation causes the leaders of the membership to work on spin control.
The employee who took the pictures is emboldened to record footage of the glen with a camera smuggled in with the help of a local newscaster.
We also see.
What members do to enjoy themselves  including drinking  urinating on trees while naked  and visiting nearby prostitutes.
The cameraman is spotted by some members and flees in to the woods.
The members invoke their privilege and connections  with disastrous results.
The members call.
Sets off a forest fire.
One his chauffeur to drive through anyway  making the blockage worse.
When the road is blocked by an overturned truck filled with drinks for the glen members.
A helicopter flying at the behest of one of the members collides with a news helicopter covering the fire.
<EOS>
Millie is a naive young woman.
Who marries a wealthy man.
Three years later  we see her.
She finds.
Her husband betrays her.
She gets a divorce.
She does not want his money and leaves her daughter with her.
Millie finds a job selling cigarettes.
She has many admirers.
She likes to flirt but she prefers to live independently  not committing.
She gets a promotion and becomes financially independent.
She falls with the reporter Tommy.
Too she becomes bitter and and from social life.
When he cheats.
Years later  Jimmy  a wealthy businessman and politician  still obsesses.
Who always wanted to marry her but was rejected.
He finds.
She has a daughter Connie  now 16 years old and who looks very much.
He befriends the family to seduce Connie.
Millie finds out.
Jimmy has taken Connie where he is about to take advantage of her naivete.
Millie storms  confronts Jimmy and kills him.
Millie tries to keep her daughter s name out of the press and claims not to remember.
What happened.
Her friends however help to bring out the truth and the jury acquits Millie.
We see.
Millie reunited.
<EOS>
Western & Atlantic Railroad train engineer Johnnie Gray is to see one of the two loves of his life  his fiancee Annabelle Lee -- the other being his locomotive  The General.
When the American Civil War breaks out.
He hurries to be first to sign up with the Confederate Army  but is rejected.
He is too valuable.
He runs into Annabelle s father and brother.
Who beckon to join them in line.
He sadly walks away  giving them the impression.
He does not want to enlist.
Annabelle coldly informs Johnnie.
She will not speak again until he is in uniform.
A year passes.
Annabelle receives word.
Her father has been wounded.
She travels north to see him but still wants nothing to do with Johnnie.
The passengers detrain.
When the train makes a stop.
Union spies led by Captain Anderson use the opportunity to steal the train.
Annabelle becomes an inadvertent prisoner.
Johnnie gives chase  first  then by handcar and boneshaker bicycle  before reaching a station in Chattanooga.
He alerts the army detachment there.
Boards another train to give chase   the Texas.
However  the flatcars are not hooked up.
The troops are left behind.
Johnnie realizes  it is too late to turn back.
He is alone.
The Union agents try a variety to shake their dogged pursuer  including disconnecting their trailing car and dropping railroad ties on the tracks.
The Confederate Army is ordered to retreat and the Northern army advances in its wake.
The unusual duel continues northward.
Johnnie finally notices.
The hijackers see.
Johnnie is.
Johnnie stops his locomotive and runs to hide.
Johnnie stumbles upon the Northern army encampment.
Hungry  he climbs to steal some food but has to hide underneath the table.
When enemy officers enter.
He overhears them discussing their plan to launch a surprise attack  Johnnie learns.
Securing the Rock River Bridge is essential.
He then sees  she is taken under guard.
Annabelle brought in.
They decide what to do.
Johnnie manages to knock out both.
The meeting ends.
They escape.
The next day  Johnnie and Annabelle creep out and find themselves near a railway station.
Where Union soldiers  guns  trains and equipment are being organized.
Seeing the General  Johnnie devises a plan to warn the South.
Johnnie steals his engine back.
Two other trains   set out after the pair.
The Northern attack is immediately set.
Johnnie has to fend off his pursuers.
Finally  he starts a fire in the center of the Rock River Bridge.
Reaching friendly lines  Johnnie informs the local army commander.
Confederate forces rush to defend the bridge.
Meanwhile  Annabelle is reunited.
The Texas is driven.
It collapses.
What would later come to be recognized.
Union soldiers try to ford the river  but Confederate artillery and infantrymen open fire  eventually driving them back in disarray.
Johnnie is enlisted in the army as a lieutenant.
Johnnie tries to kiss his girlfriend but is obliged to return the salutes of passing soldiers.
Johnnie finally uses one hand to embrace his girlfriend.
Using his other salute the men as they walk by.
<EOS>
Thirteen women  friends  all write.
Who were members.
Who sends each a horoscope foreseeing swift doom.
However  the clairvoyant is.
Who. 
When a student was snubbed by the other women owing to her mixed-race heritage.
Georgi seeks revenge.
She also goads the clairvoyant.
The victims are set up and killed off one.
Only Laura Stanhope  living  is still alive.
Ursula tries to kill Laura s young son with both tainted candy and an explosive rubber ball  but is thwarted.
A police detective catches her trying.
Ursula flees and jumps off to her own death.
<EOS>
The plot follows the young poet Xin Baihe.
Who flees Shanghai.
However   Xin chooses to pursue a relationship.
Whereas Liang soon joins the resistance.
Liang has been killed however.
<EOS>
Levy Yitzchok  an orphaned student  leaves his yeshiva to search.
He meets a family.
The family accept him.
Yitzchok tutors their children.
<EOS>
Alan and Jane Palmer are driving.
When someone throws a suitcase stuffed with cash into the back seat of their convertible.
They are chased but get away.
Back they find $ 60000 inside the suitcase.
Jane wants to keep the money.
Alan wants to take it and stashes the cash in a locker at Union Station  hoping.
He can sway her.
A few days later Danny shows up  tells Jane and quickly learns and has already begun spending it.
Alan is.
He is a detective.
She has the money.
Her husband Alan likewise becomes upset.
When he finds she has been running up bills  clearly planning to spend their new-found  ill-gotten wealth.
She makes a deal with Danny to split the money.
Hoping to kill him  she lures Danny up.
He does nt trust her and flees.
She later asks a now wary Danny to meet her.
Where she and her husband Alan take a romantic boat ride.
Jane has planned to kill her husband Alan but is stopped by a pang of guilt and begs him to take her to shore  then blurts out.
She wants to send the claim check to the police.
Unaware.
His wife is upset.
Hoping to find cigarettes  he picks up her bag.
His own gun falls out.
The startled look tells Jane  she fearfully grabs the gun  they struggle.
He knows.
She shoots  killing him.
He does nt like the notion.
When Danny sees the body.
Jane threatens to tell the police.
He killed her husband unless he helps her.
They leave the park together so as into thinking she left with her husband.
She planned earlier.
Whom she later reports.
Don Blake claims to be an old army buddy and in Los Angeles by happenstance.
What happened.
Who lives and has growing worries about Jane.
Jane finds out.
Don never knew Alan and hits him.
Having gotten  she meets a wholly drunken Danny at his apartment and says.
She needs him to help her run away.
Danny tells Jane.
He knows he still ca nt trust her  but that he has fallen with her and that money was a once in a lifetime blackmail payoff from an insurance scam.
She kills him.
The Los Angeles police tell Don.
If he wants them to drain the small lake  he must pay thousands of dollars.
Meanwhile Jane flees.
Where Don finds her living.
Thinking  Jane pleads to take half.
He is.
Don tells her.
He is the brother and that he now understands how she could have driven him into killing himself.
Then screams.
Mexican police detectives rush.
She falls to her death.
<EOS>
When his mother dies  estranged son Bob inherits her estate  and  surprisingly  custody D.
J.
Who suffers.
Bob is initially reluctant  but remembers.
He had promised his mother to look.
<EOS>
The short opens.
A black cat passes.
Lorenzo ca nt help but express his glee.
The stray is missing his tail.
He flaunts his own luxurious backside accessory  and goads the cat.
Casts a hex  bringing Lorenzo s tail.
Lorenzo laughs the black cat.
Lorenzo is little more than perturbed.
The tail s incessant motion begins to take its toll.
The pampered cat grows both exhausted and desperate.
It becomes apparent that even the most extreme measures will not quiet his tail.
The black cat appears and offers Lorenzo a knife  his intentions clear.
Lorenzo resists him just as strongly.
He does his tail advances.
Lorenzo is however  finally driven to capitulate and severs his own glorious tail.
<EOS>
Perry and Stephanie s junior year has just ended.
They both feel.
The two have been dating.
The spark is gone  and that their constant bickering  breaking up  and making up has become more like a game.
They both decide the best thing to do.
Is to call off the relationship.
They can test the waters.
Perry begins.
Who actually has a boyfriend overseas.
He ca nt really shake his yearning.
He s very attracted.
Eventually Perry tries to reconcile their relationship  and finds.
Stephanie might be testing waters.
<EOS>
The film is set during the 1983 election.
It is a story.
Whose husband Binod is falsely arrested.
A smuggler rapes.
Papori and her husband is convicted.
Phukan  a police inspector finds the true murderer but can not arrest him.
The killer enjoys political protection.
Her daughter ends up in the hospital.
Where she eventually dies.
<EOS>
The Medium is loosely based with a supernatural twist to the ending.
Lim murdered two children and was sentenced.
However   the main character based on Adrian Lim escaped from the prison and ran into an incoming truck.
Where Satan catches him and subjected him.
This was said to be added.
Crime does not pay.
<EOS>
Solo is a down-on-his-luck writer.
Who is encouraged.
Solo meets his love interest.
Whom he assumes to be a dog owner when meeting her.
Dog problems stand.
<EOS>
Nick Gunar  ex-soldier is down and out.
He reluctantly agrees and gathers together a group also down on their luck.
When two men offer him a job.
They arrive and come up against the evil Keefer.
Who was in Angola.
He now owns the local police force and shows Nick and the others.
Who s boss.
Afterwards  Nick and his crew go.
They find is occupied.
Nick respects them.
There is some friction.
Who want to kill some natives to reveal where the treasure is.
Nick stops them  and finds out the treasure.
They are after is guano.
The two men intend to strip the island to get it  leaving the natives.
The group divides up.
Nick hands half their marching orders.
He refuses to kill the natives to do the job.
Meanwhile  Keefer has scented money and dealt himself.
He joins the group.
Nick kicked out along.
Battle begins.
Many are shot  stabbed  blown up and worse and natives die.
The natives make up.
Poorly armed.
Nick has a bazooka style weapon.
Causes mayhem.
Many are dead.
Finally  there is the final showdown  with the latter gaining the upper hand in the fist fight and attempting to strangle Nick to death while drowning him.
Nick manages to grab a nearby bone and stab Keefer  then proceeds to drown him.
The few surviving mercenaries leave.
The natives bury their dead.
Nick stays behind.
<EOS>
La Mujer De Mi Hermano could be considered.
Critic Alissa Quart calls ` hyperlink movies   in which multiple stories take place  each affecting the other that characters are unaware of  all the while using radically different aesthetic and cinematic techniques to define the mise en scene of each storyline.
<EOS>
Alex brings his wife Vera and two children.
The tranquillity is broken.
When Vera tells Alex that she is pregnant and that the baby is not his.
The rift grows.
The two try to keep up appearances.
Visit them.
Alex is unsure.
What to do.
Alex s son Kir reveals.
Alex s friend Robert was one day while Alex was away for work.
Alex concludes.
Robert is the baby s father.
Vera feels and is afraid.
They have become estranged.
What Kir will turn to the criminal nature of Alex and his brother s work.
Mark comes to Alex s house for help removing a bullet from his arm.
Alex makes the decision to have an abortion.
He gets Mark to find a doctor to perform the procedure.
The children are.
The abortion goes wrong.
Vera dies.
Alex and Mark rush.
The funeral formalities spreads quickly in the countryside.
Mark has a serious heart attack.
He attends Vera s funeral but dies before he and his brother return home.
Alex returns and goes to Robert s house with the intention of killing him.
Alex falls asleep and is awoken by Robert.
Who invites him.
He discovers an envelope containing the results and a letter written by Vera on the back.
He retrieves the gun.
The film cuts.
Robert came while he was away.
It is revealed.
The day before  Vera attempted to commit suicide but is saved by Robert.
The next day  Vera finds out.
She is pregnant and confides  revealing that she never had an affair and that the baby was in fact Alex s  even though she says it felt like it was nt his.
<EOS>
Dr Charles A.
Forbin is the chief designer.
He and his team have built an advanced supercomputer  called Colossus  to control all.
Colossus is built to be impervious  encased within a mountain and powered by its own nuclear reactor.
The President announces its existence  proudly proclaiming it a perfect defense system.
When it is activated.
Will ensure peace.
Colossus displays a cryptic message  WARN  THERE IS ANOTHER SYSTEM.
After the broadcast ends.
It is revealed  a supercomputer called Guardian.
Colossus is referring to itself.
Controls Soviet nuclear weapons.
Both computers promptly demand a link to allow them to communicate.
The link is set up  whereupon the computers exchange messages.
Scientists and officials monitor the activity on video screens.
The communications become increasingly complex  eventually extending.
Are unknown.
Then the two machines begin communicating.
The scientists can not interpret.
This alarms the President and the leader.
Who agree to disconnect the link.
Colossus and Guardian at first ask.
The link has been disconnected.
The machines insist.
When told it was.
The link be restored.
The link be restored  each time being told that it will not.
Forbin asks What kind.
As to the nature of the action Colossus displays the message MISSILE LAUNCHED - TARGET USSR.
They tell the Americans.
When the Soviets are told.
Guardian has retaliated.
The U.
S.
President  realizing the seriousness  finally orders.
The link be restored.
Forbin informs Colossus.
The links are being restored and asked if Colossus will intercept the incoming Soviet missile.
Colossus again ignores the question  apparently waiting.
Colossus successfully intercepts the Soviet missile.
The link is restore.
It strikes.
However  it is too late to stop the American missile.
A Soviet oil complex and neighboring town are destroyed.
The scientists and officials watch helplessly.
The two computers exchange information.
Colossus orders the Washington-Moscow hotline  the only line.
It is not monitoring  to be equipped.
The two governments quickly use the hotline to arrange a meeting and his Soviet counterpart  Dr Kuprin.
It demands.
When Colossus learns.
Dr Forbin return.
Agents are sent to retrieve both.
Dr Kuprin is killed under orders issued by Guardian.
The computer demands.
Forbin be placed so that it can watch him at all times.
Forbin meets with his team outside and proposes.
His associate  Dr Cleo Markham  will pretend to be his mistress to deliver messages and keep him with clandestine operations against Colossus.
Forbin gives Colossus a tour  asking Colossus questions.
Video and audio monitoring are set up.
What has been installed.
Which it responds  demonstrating that it had developed speech recognition.
The next day  Colossus begins issuing Forbin s schedule  deciding.
What he can do and even what he can eat.
Forbin is now controlled.
He created.
Amongst the schedule is an order.
It be given an actual voice.
Guardian/Colossus announces.
When the synthesizer voice is ready.
It has become one entity.
Realizing  the governments had undertaken a plan to covertly disarm the nuclear missiles  one -- a process.
The computers themselves are impervious to attack.
Using the normal maintenance and servicing schedules  would have taken three years.
Guardian/Colossus then instructs the governments to redirect all nuclear missiles.
Are not.
Both governments see this.
Meanwhile  working  the scientists and governments attempt to fight back  first by attempting to overload the computers.
This attempt fails.
The machines identify the individuals responsible  ordering their immediate execution.
The bodies be left and then cremated so as to avoid deception.
Forbin intend to use him in a new machine base requiring all of the island of Crete.
Himself is not killed.
The machine   announces itself to the general population of all countries.
Has so far only communicated.
It declares.
Its mission is to prevent the war as it was designed to do so.
Man has a choice.
It also states.
It had detected the attempt to disarm the missiles and responds so that you will learn by experience that I do not tolerate interference.
Colossus states.
The machine predicts   you will come to regard me not only with respect and awe  but with love.
Forbin replies  Never.
<EOS>
Some schoolboys breaks the statue of the school s founder.
Raju is held responsible.
He is given two choices  either pay.
The boys get together and earn the money  selling lottery tickets and so on.
The school s principal gets.
Impressed decides to repair the statue with their own money and spend the money earned by the boys for an excursion.
Shortly afterwards they break the statue again.
<EOS>
The film is based with God and school.
It also shows his struggle.
<EOS>
The film begins  it is later discovered.
He also inadvertently intakes a computer virus that causes him to malfunction very gradually  diminishing control.
Initially  the virus simply causes Chip to have momentary memory lapses resulting.
It will completely destroy his internal systems  wiping his memory.
That same day  Dr Jonas Carson and his daughter  Becky  attend Chip s high school graduation.
Chip mentions  however  his father does not feel.
He wants to attend college and has already signed up.
Chip is ready to be.
Later  Dr Carson finds Chip standing motionless.
Says he has turned himself off.
His dad agrees to let him attend college.
Becky enters the room and manages to persuade her dad to grant Chip s request.
Chip suddenly turns and says Thanks  Dad  revealing.
He had merely been acting like he had turned himself off.
He and Becky secretly follow him.
Dr Carson only reluctantly agreed to allow Chip to attend college.
Is set up in order to watch from a distance.
Chip sees a girl in a lab coat passing through the hall and becomes infatuated with her.
The next day  he follows Roberta and asks her out on date.
Where she informs Chip that she is an android.
Excited  Chip tells her.
He is also an android.
Chip soon learns  so he introduces her by reprogramming her.
Roberta is not able to decide anything.
The two are forced to flee.
When Roberta chooses to go instead of returning to Dr Phil Masters and the other scientists who developed her.
Prof.
Victoria Gray discovers  so she joins Dr Carson.
Her fellow scientists are responsible.
Chip and Roberta finally manage to escape the scientists.
They are surrounded.
When Roberta explains that running has used up almost all.
Chip is unable to control his body very effectively to recharge her.
He carries Roberta and desperately searches.
Chip slumps to the ground as the virus overtakes him  saying haltingly to Roberta  I.
Dr Carson and Becky arrive just.
Gray.
They manage to successfully administer the antidote.
Before Chip s systems fail completely.
Chip reveals.
He is fully revived.
He had utilized his magnetic finger to write all to a diskette before she lost all power  preserving the character and personality of the girl that he had fought to protect.
A photograph shows the Carsons together with Roberta and Prof.
Gray.
<EOS>
The film opens.
They regard.
It then switches.
His son Zweli Mangena increasingly questions.
Micah belief and Micah s wish that Zweli would follow him.
Micha s wife also has doubts.
Her neighbours start treating her.
The initial issue is the use.
The school children speak English  Afrikaans and their own African language.
They resent being taught Afrikaans.
To reply is an act of rebellion.
Zweli dislikes the system but fears the consequence.
He arranges a meeting  a respected figure.
Who has been for anti-Apartheid activities.
He seems to be trying to calm the situation.
The police have learned and break it up  arresting some of the students and also Pule Rampa.
He had been trying to slip away quietly.
Micah anticipates this and arrests him.
Micah is and has attempted moderation  letting some of the students go free.
Micah wants to conduct his own questioning.
But two members have recently arrived and take over.
They employ much more brutal methods.
Both Micah and his white superior suggest.
They are perhaps provoking opposition.
The situation does indeed escalate.
Micah and Zweli are increasingly.
Though each genuinely cares for the other.
<EOS>
Mathias is an innkeeper.
However he is greatly so on Christmas Day 1833 murders a Polish Jew.
Who visits the inn.
He uses this to pay off his debts and rise  becoming the burgomeister of the town - however he is always tormented by guilt.
Mathias becomes delirious and hears the sound of the Jew s sleigh bells.
He dreams and is found guilty.
He is being tried.
He awakes and dies  leaving his family none the wiser.
<EOS>
Oregon became the first U.
S.
State and one.
The film covers the background and the life of a few patients.
Who have chosen to take their life.
It also features some information.
<EOS>
Nine people board an elevator  a security guard  a television reporter and her fiance  a comedian  an elderly lady  a fat employee  a pregnant woman  the building owner and his ten-year-old granddaughter.
George  a claustrophobic  starts freaking out.
Madeline hits the emergency stop button to agitate the comedian s claustrophobia.
Henry presses the call button and alerts security.
Jane says.
Her son died in the last year  confronts Henry and says her husband lost everything because he invested in bonds with Barton Investments  which turned out to devalue to almost nothing.
She planned on making a point at a party.
The owner was hosting.
Suddenly  Jane dies.
She admits.
She dies.
She has a bomb.
Celine winds up checking Jane s body and finds the bomb secured around her waist via a bike lock.
Celine lights a cigarette and takes a puff.
Which Don says that she should nt smoke since she s pregnant.
Celine swats his hands away  saying since.
When did you become a concerned father.
Henry once again calls security.
He angers them and they stop responding.
Maureen documents the events and sends them to her television station.
Picks up the story and starts running the footage she captured.
Don attempts to climb out.
The opening is too small.
He attempts to press the elevator call button.
Madeline starts freaking out and repeatedly presses a button.
He does this.
This causes the elevator s brakes to disengage and drop several floors  severing Don s right arm off.
Mohammed ties a tie to try and slow the blood loss.
George suggests.
They attempt to pry open the doors again to see if the elevator has lined up.
They discover.
They ve dropped.
Martin brings up the local news.
They watch a live interview.
The bombmaker was good friends.
Who perished and felt that he owed one to his family.
He did.
When Jane asked him to build the bomb.
It was equipped.
Jane had activated.
She left the bombmaker s apartment.
He then informed the news crew  and in turn the people.
There s only about 10 minutes left until it detonates.
Desperate  the eight remaining people proceed to dismember Jane s body.
A security guard comes and tells them.
They are trying to tear the bomb off.
The bomb squad is there and lowering the elevator to create an opening to allow everyone to escape.
Finally  they are able to open the doors.
A small opening is made.
They quickly help one another.
He knows.
When only Martin is left.
The opening is nt big enough for him to fit through.
George desperately tries to convince the SWAT members to raise the elevator.
They can get Martin out.
They say.
They ca nt and will lower the elevator and get him out there.
Martin releases the doors and begins to weep  knowing.
His death is imminent.
He regains composure and says So I get to be the hero.
Knowing. 
He helped everybody survive.
We see.
The elevator continue to lower  with the bomb detonating.
George and Mohammad have a brief discussion.
What lies ahead.
A news reporter asks George.
He stayed so brave.
<EOS>
A group are dropped into Burma to locate and destroy a camouflaged Japanese Army radar station.
Is detecting Allied aircraft flying.
They are assigned Gurkha guides  a Chinese Army Captain and an older war correspondent.
Whose character is used to explain various procedures.
The mission is an overwhelming success.
The 36-man team quickly take out the station and its personnel.
But  they find the Japanese waiting at their rendezvous site.
When the airborne troops arrive to be taken back to their base.
Captain Nelson makes the hard decision to call off the rescue planes  and hike out.
To reduce the likelihood  the group then splits up into two smaller units to meet up at a deserted Burmese village.
But  he finds.
When Nelson arrives.
The other team had been captured  tortured and mutilated.
Only Lt.
Jacobs survives.
He too dies.
What had happened.
The surviving soldiers are then attacked and are forced again to retreat.
The men must then cross the swamps.
Nelson s paratroopers also succeed as decoys leading Japanese troops away from the site of the British 1944 aerial invasion of Burma.
<EOS>
A vicar discovers.
Who lives.
He owns a share.
He must now put his principles aside and attempt to save the church.
A doping scandal ensues.
<EOS>
The film opens to a childhood memory of his family driving along a desert highway.
Young Jim sees an elderly native American dying.
The film picks up into the Venice Beach culture  followed by his film school days studying at UCLA  his introduction to his girlfriend Pamela Courson  his first encounters with Ray Manzarek  and the origin of The Doors  Morrison  Manzarek  Robby Krieger  and John Densmore.
Morrison convinces his bandmates to travel and experience the effects of psychedelic drugs.
Returning  they play several shows at the famous Whisky.
A Go Go club and develop a rabid fanbase.
Morrison s onstage antics and occasionally improvised lyrics raise the ire  however  the band s popularity continues to expand.
Morrison becomes increasingly infatuated as The Lizard King and degenerates into alcoholism and drug addiction.
The Doors become hugely successful.
A rock journalist involved.
He sinks deeper.
The rest grows weary of Morrison s missed recording sessions and absences at concerts.
Morrison is depicted arriving late  becoming increasingly confrontational towards the audience and exposing himself onstage.
The incident is a low point  resulting in resentment from the other band members and Morrison s trial for indecent exposure.
Courson finds Jim Morrison dead in a bathtub in Paris  France  at the age of.
Pamela Courson similarly dies  also at the age of.
The final scenes.
The credits roll are with A Feast of Friends  a spoken word by Morrison with music from the rest of the band playing in the background.
The screen whites out and text appears saying.
Jim Morrison is said to have died.
He was.
Pam joined him three years later.
The band is shown recording the song L.
A.
Woman.
<EOS>
Kranti Kshetra is a Campus.
<EOS>
Failing UHF TV station KRUD  Channel 17  is reborn.
Christian television station KGOD.
The new format is a big success but attracts an incompatible mix wanting time on the station.
A series show the different religious shows the station broadcasts  a faith healer  a radical black nationalist preacher  a preacher with a drive-in church  a Christian game show  etc.
The film is very similar.
Was released.
David Nusair  Six Comedy Cult Classics  reelfilm.
Com  November 2005Scott Weinberg  Pray TV  DVD Talk  November 15 .
<EOS>
Ben Kane  a former Dodge City lawman  comes across Billy Young.
Who has no horse and was abandoned soon after the killing of a Mexican general.
Kane lets young Billy accompany him.
Where he has a job waiting as deputy sheriff.
Kane s real aim is to find the man.
Who murdered his son.
Kane learns from dance-hall girl Lily Beloit.
Two men who run the town  John Behan and Frank Boone  secretly intend to gun down Kane first chance they get.
Frank Boone may be the one.
Kane is looking.
Jesse   accused.
Who is Frank s son  lands first.
Kane and Lily become lovers.
Billy  meanwhile  springs Jesse  but feels guilty.
Lily reveals.
The deputy turns  but recommends Billy for the job.
He deals.
<EOS>
The cavalry unit commanded makes the decision to stay together  and turn outlaw.
When the war ends.
They begin committing bank robberies  and are successful due.
Local citizens and lawmen are no match.
However   they find.
When a robbery goes horribly wrong  resulting.
Themselves pursued.
Graff makes the command decision to kill the injured Loomis.
That he wo nt delay their escape.
Eustis objects.
Eustis instead shoots Graff.
When Graff slaps Eustis then moves to shoot Loomis.
Graff falls out and rolls down a hillside.
Thinking  Eustis now takes command and leads the band  with the posse still in pursuit.
He is dead.
Potts initially challenges Eustis.
Eustis beats him.
Marshal Sharp and his posse come  and take him prisoner.
The posse continues their pursuit.
Eustis sets up an ambush.
Several posse members are killed.
Graff kills Marshal Sharp.
Now leaderless  the posse decides to return home.
Banker McClintock demands they continue the chase.
Graff makes the posse members an offer.
They help him track them down.
They accept this more generous offer.
The posse sets up an ambush.
Graff shoots and kills Philo and wounds Loomis  then shoots parts off.
Eustis shoots and kill Loomis to put him out.
Graff tells them   showing.
When posse members attempt to cut off Philo s trigger finger.
He will kill them if they do.
Philo was one.
He respected and cared.
Later  Graff encounters members  keeping them nervous and frightened.
Wills steals the stolen money and leaves it  hoping.
They will stop the chase.
Graff kills McClintock  throwing his body and the money.
He stages a shootout  and tells the posse.
It had been a trap.
Wills loses his horse.
Eustis decides.
It is necessary to leave him behind.
Wills waits for the posse  killing a couple of them before being killed.
Lovecraft encounters Graff  ll be spared.
Who gives him extra ammunition and tells him he.
He kills Eustis.
He finds.
When Eustis gives Lovecraft ammunition to fill his pistol.
Lovecraft already has a full chamber.
Eustis  knowing  realizes.
Lovecraft did not have a full six rounds left.
Lovecraft has betrayed him.
However   Lovecraft is overwhelmed  and commits suicide.
When Eustis presses to do what Graff sent him to do.
There are only two gang members left  Eustis and Potts.
They make.
Potts is shot by Graff.
Eustis  now alone  makes a final stand against the posse.
He kills all except for Graff.
The two draw.
Eustis is faster  but his gun is empty.
Eustis shoots him with a pocket derringer.
Graff had nt counted on.
Eustis crosses.
<EOS>
Sridhar has been trying to become a music director.
A.
His only dream is to become a music director.
His family  consisting  is fully supportive of him.
He runs.
She helps him get a foot.
Bad luck spoils his chances.
Viji s father asks her to get married too.
When Viji s sister s marriage is finalised suddenly.
But he is understandably worried.
When he learns that Sridhar is unemployed and following a dream that has not been realised.
Her father even offers a job also.
But he refuses to do.
Since his primary goal is to become music director.
The matters ends there.
When her father arranges marriage.
He fails.
Back  Shiva suffers a heart attack.
To support his family he takes up a job.
But he continues.
His dream may come true.
The film initially ended.
The climax was changed.
Release is shown of a few years later of Sridhar living his dream  implying that it finally came true.
<EOS>
Anne Lister is a young unmarried woman living  at Shibden Hall  with her aunt and uncle.
The one thing is to have someone to love and to share her life.
She wants.
The person is Mariana Belcombe.
She has.
Whom she has been conducting a secret romantic and sexual relationship.
The relationship breaks apart.
When Mariana marries a rich widower named Charles Lawton.
Depressed  Anne devotes her time.
Anne begins to think about finding another lover.
She meets a young woman.
They become close friends.
Mariana asks Anne to meet her.
There  the two women talk.
Mariana tells Anne.
She has missed her.
That one day   they might live together.
When her husband has died.
She says.
Her husband is not healthy  and will not have long to live.
Anne agrees.
They buy wedding rings  to wear around their necks.
They can live together.
Returning  Anne ignores the attention of Miss Browne.
A local industrialist named.
Christopher Rawson proposes marriage.
She turns him down and says.
She could only marry.
He tells her.
People talk and call her ` Gentleman Jack.
Later  Anne tells her aunt and uncle.
She does not want a husband.
She wants to be independent and intends one day to live.
Mariana visits her.
They continue their sexual relationship.
Anne attends a party  including Rawson and the Lawtons.
Mariana sees Anne wearing her wedding ring clearly and is unhappy with Anne drawing attention to herself.
Anne complains.
Charles Lawton is not as unhealthy as Mariana had led her to believe.
Rawson sees the two women talking together and has a conversation with Lawton.
He looks dazed and asks her.
When Mariana returns.
Anne loves her.
Mariana writes to Anne and tells her.
Her husband is suspicious.
She tells Anne not to write anymore.
Anne s uncle dies.
She inherits his wealth.
She writes  asking her to come to live with her at once.
Mariana replies.
She will be travelling nearby and that they will discuss what to do then.
Anne meets Mariana s coach coming along the road and excitedly gets.
When the time comes.
Mariana is angry.
She tells Anne.
She would rather die than have people know.
She says  but would have to live apart.
They could be happy together.
Anne tells her.
She wants to spend her life  and leaves.
She declines and says.
When Rawson offers to buy some land to sink a mine.
She will mine it herself.
She forms a business alliance.
Who has recently inherited her own fortune.
They become close friends.
Soon the two women are intimidated and harassed.
Ann Walker goes to stay at Shibden with Anne.
Her aunt comes to tell her niece.
People are spreading shocking rumours.
She asks Ann to return home.
She ruins her family s name and warns her that she may ruin her chance.
Ann tells her.
She does not want a husband.
She tells Anne.
When her aunt leaves.
She wants to live with her.
Anne asks her.
She understands what the rumours and insinuations are about.
Ann says.
She does and makes it clear that she wants them to be together romantically.
Mariana visits Anne and says.
She could leave Charles now.
She asks  but Anne says.
There is still a place in Anne s heart.
She has found someone she is happy.
Mariana leaves.
Her husband lives.
<EOS>
The story is built.
Were omitted or censored.
Marins filmed approximately 35 minutes  also adding the characters to the plot.
Marins portrays himself as well as the character.
The story is built.
Who is terrorized.
His colleagues decide to seek medical help.
Who tries to reassure Dr Hamilton that Coffin Joe is merely a creation.
<EOS>
The cartoon  set  begins with a tour guide showing various animal exhibits to visitors.
The final stop is the exhibit featuring the one and only example.
This draws tag-along tourist Sylvester s interest.
I taw a puddy tat lines  Sylvester begins his latest pursuit.
The attempts  all unsuccessful  are.
Follows  Tweety taking refuge.
Sylvester uses a net to try to capture the bird.
The cat hits a bear.
The shifty Tweety dodges the net.
The bear grabs the net  pulls Sylvester and expresses his displeasure.
Sylvester hides in the zookeeper s meat cart.
Hoping to get fed  he instead is thrown to a pack of Bengal tigers.
Tweety hides s abode.
Sylvester enters.
The elephant immediately covers the hole to protect the bird.
Sylvester uses a wind-up mouse to frighten the pachyderm.
The elephant inadvertently jumps and lands on the cat  flattening the puddy.
Sylvester catches Tweety walking along a bridge  and chases him.
Is full.
A lion roars  scaring Sylvester.
Planning how to get without injury.
Sylvester smashes an oar.
Sylvester uses a rowboat  unaware of his passenger  the lion from earlier has entered.
However  the boat sinks.
The alligators snap.
He grabs Sylvester and   he kicks him into the bear s cage.
The lion regains his senses.
Where the bear mauls the puddy again.
Sylvester pole-vaulting pond to grab Tweety.
Who is hiding.
Instead  the jump is mistimed.
The gators enjoy dinner.
A frustrated Sylvester leaves the zoo and strikes birds off his diet list.
Before a cluster land on his shoulders and head as he is walking away  muttering about his awful timing for going on a diet.
<EOS>
The Sick-Little-Well-Girl has been wrapped all her life.
She is packed off to bed and each time  the stuffy Dr Ludwig von Saulsbourg is called to attend to her.
Lives Doctor Jackson  a friendly and altruistic doctor.
Who is liked.
He utilises common sense.
When curing the citizens.
Soon  Doctor Jack discovers.
Von Saulsbourg has been playing  charging the girl s father exorbitant amounts of money to treat her.
Von Saulsbourg is sent packing.
<EOS>
The film begins.
They launch an investigation.
When FBI Special Agent Helen Brody and her team see news bulletins looking.
Is curtailed when they are summoned.
They are shown Yusuf s complete tape.
Where he threatens to detonate three nuclear bombs.
S.
Cities. 
His demands are not met.
A special interrogator  H  is brought in to force Yusuf to reveal the locations.
H quickly shows his capability and cruelty.
Horrified  Special Agent Brody attempts to put a stop.
Her superiors make it clear.
The potentially disastrous consequences necessitate these extreme measures.
H escalates his methods.
The plot unfolds.
Brody realizes.
Yusuf anticipated that he would be tortured.
Yusuf then makes his demands  he would like the President to announce a cessation of support for puppet governments and dictatorships in Muslim countries and a withdrawal of American troops from all Muslim countries.
The group immediately dismisses the possibility  citing the United States  declared policy of not negotiating with terrorists.
He breaks down and agrees.
When Brody accuses Yusuf.
It was all a ruse.
He gives her an address to prove it.
They find a room.
Matches the scene and find evidence on the roof.
A soldier removes a picture.
Triggers a tremendous C-4 explosion.
The explosion kills 53 people.
Angry  Brody returns to Yusef and cuts his chest with a scalpel.
Yusuf is unafraid and demands she cut him.
He justifies the deaths  stating.
The Americans kill that many people every day.
Yusuf says.
He allowed himself to be caught so he could face his oppressors.
H questions.
Whether Yusef will reveal the bombs  location unless Yusuf s wife is found.
H brings her and threatens to mutilate her in front of him.
When she is detained.
Brody and the others begin to take her away.
H slashes her throat.
She bleeds in front of Yusuf.
H tells the soldiers to bring in Yusuf s two children  a young boy and a girl.
He assures everyone.
He will not harm the children.
Yusef s children are brought.
H makes it clear.
He will torture them if the locations are not divulged.
Yusuf breaks and gives three addresses.
H does not stop  forcing the others to intervene.
Citing the amount potentially had at his disposal  H insists.
Yusuf has not admitted anything.
H points out.
Everything Yusuf has done so far has been planned meticulously.
He knew.
The torture would most likely break him.
He would have been certain to plant a fourth bomb  just.
Here it becomes clear.
The purpose was not to break Yusuf  but rather to make it clear to him what would happen to his children if he did not cooperate.
The official demands.
H bring Yusuf s children.
H demands.
Brody bring the children back in  because her decency will give him the moral approval that he needs to do the unthinkable.
He unstraps Yusuf  sarcastically setting him free.
When Brody refuses to retrieve the children.
The official draws his pistol and aims it to coerce him into further interrogation.
Yusuf grabs the official s gun.
He asks Brody to take care and kills himself.
Brody walks out.
Extended version An FBI bomb disposal team arrives and resets the timer to prevent the bomb from going off.
The originally unconfirmed fourth bomb s timer counts down.
The FBI are celebrating however.
The screen immediately cuts.
<EOS>
The monstrously powerful Super A-1 class criminal Kain was imprisoned in the subspace room of the GP s headquarters  never to be released.
Kain escapes his bonds  destroys the GP space station  and travels back in time to take his revenge on Jurai s royal family.
The Galaxy Police only has time to send a short warning.
Mihoshi and Kiyone intercept.
The Masaki house  the shrine  and Tenchi himself all begin to fade out.
Washu theorizes.
Someone is tampering  and uses a shield to keep Tenchi from vanishing.
The shield is only a temporary solution  so Washu sends the rest to prevent Kain from killing Tenchi s mother Achika.
Tenchi s friends assume roles.
Tenchi himself stays hidden to prevent causing a paradox.
Tenchi and his friends must also deal on seizing glory by killing Kain.
Kain strikes.
Tenchi  Ayeka and Ryoko follow and challenge Kain.
They are no match.
With their powers boosted.
Washu sends a powerful dimensional cannon.
Kiyone mans the weapon to destroy Kain.
Tenchi is wounded.
Achika unlocks her latent Jurai powers to fuel his sword and deal a crippling blow.
The group barely escapes.
The dimensional cannon is fired  finally destroying Kain.
Achika asks Ryoko and Ayeka to take care.
Her memory is wiped along.
She will not be there.
<EOS>
A Catholic priest  Father Anthony Romano  intervenes.
When his colleague attacks a drifter named Lil.
The brash hustler soon discovers a secret.
When Anthony reluctantly provides her asylum.
He has hidden.
Anthony finds a path to regain his honor and calling in a post-scandal world.
Where priests are guilty.
<EOS>
A man arrives.
Who claims to be Santa Claus.
Ernest P.
Worrell is working.
He takes a passenger.
Speeds and the passenger falls out.
Ernest later picks up Santa Claus.
Who tells Ernest that he is.
Carruthers hosts a children s program named Uncle Joey s Treehouse similar to Mister Rogers  Neighborhood with emphasis on manners and integrity with the catchphrase.
They never get old.
They always stay new.
Those three little words  Please and Thank You.
A runaway teenage girl joins Ernest and Santa.
They are driving.
Who says she is named Harmony Starr.
Santa possesses no legal currency  so  Ernest lets him ride for free.
When they get.
The decision gets Ernest fired.
Back  Ernest discovers.
Santa left his magic sack.
Ernest begins a quest to find the old man and return it.
Santa arrives  but is interrupted and rebuffed by Joe s agent Marty Brock.
Marty misunderstands Santa s name  thinking.
He said Mr Santos  and continues to call him.
Santa begins to worry.
He then discovers he lost his sack  and becomes more discouraged as he realizes he is becoming forgetful.
Joe does not believe Santa s story.
Marty has Santa arrested.
Meanwhile  Ernest goes over Vern s house to put up a Christmas tree  much to Vern s distress.
Ernest poses.
The two help Santa escape by convincing the police chief.
He must be taken.
Ernest disguises himself.
Who sneaks Santa and speaks to a security guard about delivering the snakes to people who direct horror films.
Meanwhile  Marty presses Joe titled.
To quit his children s job  shave his beard  and instead land a part.
Christmas Slay a movie.
Santa tracks down Joe.
Joe finally tells Santa  Thanks  no thanks.
Later on  however  Joe is overcome.
When the director wants him to use foul language  which he refuses to say in front of the kids on the set.
Ernest and Harmony discover the magic power.
Immediately Pamela starts to abuse it.
She steals the sack  and attempts to run away yet again.
However  her conscience prevails.
She rushes back to find Ernest and Santa and return the sack.
Eventually  Joe finds Santa at the Children s Museum and accepts the job.
However  Ernest gets to drive the sleigh.
The film ends.
Merry Christmas And To All A Good Night  followed by a sleigh dash that spells.
<EOS>
Disillusioned World War I flying ace Roger Shumann spends his days.
New Orleans reporter Burke Devlin is intrigued  but is dismayed by his cavalier treatment of his family and soon finds himself attracted to the neglected LaVerne.
Meanwhile  Roger barters Matt Ord for a plane in exchange for a few hours with his wife.
Tragedy ensues.
When Jiggs  anger causes him to make a rash and fatal decision.
He manages to start Shumann s aircraft   but the plane crashes.
Shumann is killed.
LaVerne returns to Iowa with son Jack.
<EOS>
Daniel is a ten-year-old boy living.
He wants to be a gangster and helps out Linden  the local drug dealer.
Bruce -- one -- is released from prison.
A turf war erupts.
Meanwhile  Daniel s aunt returns after being removed as a child  as one of the Stolen Generations.
<EOS>
Scrat  the saber-toothed squirrel   finds a buried time machine next.
Trying to find a place to hide his acorn.
Looks. 
He accidentally activates the machine  sending the acorn away.
Scrat gets mad and tries to beat up the time machine.
It sends him.
Finding the acorn wedged  Scrat sees the Sword in the Stone and decides to use it as a lever to move the rock.
He pulls out the sword but then finds himself  and uses the sword to block the arrows fired by the archers.
He frees the acorn and takes it and the time machine and races off to find cover  only to hide.
The cannon fires him.
The time machine teleports the acorn.
Scrat just barely manages to activate the machine again.
He materializes.
Scrat reaches  but is dragged off.
When his tail is caught.
Scrat manages to free himself.
As a fanfare sounds.
He thinks and introduces himself  proudly holding up his acorn.
It is victory music.
Then he hears the growl.
He activates the time machine again  and lands.
He is overjoyed  thinking.
He is home.
He soon learns.
He s really when he sees the RMS Titanic heading straight towards him.
The time machine is activated.
Scrat finds himself.
Where he encounters himself and fights himself.
The acorn is teleported again  much.
The time traveling Scrat is then sent.
Where he would have been killed if he had not activated the time machine.
Frustrated  Scrat punches the machine.
Sends him.
Scrat spots his acorn and grabs it.
The wormhole lands Scrat of an enormous oak tree.
Overjoyed  he tosses away his own acorn  and activates the time machine.
Lands on.
Scrat smashes the time machine.
It can fire again.
Scrat attempts to remove the nuts  but soon discovers the Last Oak Tree.
It is only a sculpture.
Scrat realizes.
He s.
He realizes.
The acorn he brought is the only real one around.
He makes a dash.
The time machine manages to fire one last time  transporting the acorn right out.
Stranded  Scrat lets out a scream of frustration  ending the film.
Then the lost acorn ends up floating.
<EOS>
Geologist Dr Josh Keyes and scientists Serge Leveque and Conrad Zimsky learn.
The Earth s molten core has stopped rotating.
That means  the Earth s electromagnetic field will collapse  irradiating the planet.
The three develop a plan to bore into the Earth s core and plant a series of nuclear charges at precise points to restart the core s motion and restore the field.
They design a multi-compartment vessel called the Virgil.
Who has developed a laser capable.
Keyes also enlists the help  to keep news of the potential global disaster off the Internet to stem a worldwide panic.
The Virgil is piloted.
It drops a considerable distance.
When the team accidentally drills.
Iverson has to go outside to restart the ship s laser  making repairs impossible.
When molten lava begins pouring from the hole they created.
The lava reaches them.
A falling crystal shard hits the top and pierces his skull  killing him instantly.
He finishes the repairs.
It clips a huge diamond  breaching the hull.
Virgil continues.
Leveque sacrifices himself to save the nuclear launch codes.
The compartment is crushed.
Virgil eventually reaches the molten core.
The new data they gather.
There reveals a flaw.
The outer layer core is less dense.
The explosions can not generate the needed power.
They decide.
They can create a ripple effect  where the power of each bomb will combine with the power of the next  generating the needed energy wave.
However   the plan requires someone to deactivate a safety switch.
Virgil was not designed to jettison undamaged compartments.
Is. 
Brazzelton volunteers and deactivates the switch  dying shortly afterwards.
The public becomes aware of problems.
Super storms start to cover the world.
Finch is unable to stop worldwide panic but instead learns.
Is to be deployed if the Virgil fails.
Finch relays his information.
Who discovers that Zimsky was one.
DESTINI   was designed as a weapon to propagate earthquakes through the Earth s core.
It unintentionally stopped its rotation instead.
Zimsky reveals.
The government will use it again to restart the core.
Keyes is convinced  so he has Finch stall DESTINI.
It will have disastrous results.
Keyes and Zimsky realize.
They have miscalculated the necessary yield.
Zimsky gets trapped.
He reveals.
They need to use the ship s nuclear fuel rod to achieve sufficient yield  which will save the planet but leave Keyes and Childs.
Keyes and Childs are able to use the planet s heat to power the command section of the ship  escaping.
The nuclear charges successfully restart the core.
They break through the crust underwater  leaving them adrift.
They believe.
Themselves lost  until Finch finds them.
A week  Finch logs onto a computer at an internet cafe and releases the information about Project DESTINI and Virgil -LCB- -LCB- s -RCB- -RCB- mission onto the Internet.
<EOS>
A small town  desperate to recover  is under threat.
When the voracious snakehead fish mutate  surviving previous chemical attacks.
The fish transform.
When human growth hormones are dumped.
Thriving  the Snakehead fish grow to monstrous proportions  devouring everything within reach.
Capable  they are forced to leave the now barren lake in a desperate search for food - animal  vegetable or human.
The local Sheriff and biologist Lori Dale  try to save the Sheriff s teenage daughter and her friends  along with the town itself  from being eaten alive.
<EOS>
Xerxes I leads a vast army of soldiers into Europe to defeat the small city-states of Greece  not only to fulfill the idea of one world ruled by one master  but also to avenge the defeat of his father at the Battle of Marathon ten years before.
Accompanying him are Artemisia I  the Queen.
Who beguiles Xerxes.
Whose warnings Xerxes pays little heed.
Themistocles of Athens wins the support of the Greek allies and convinces both the delegates and the Spartan representative  Leonidas I  to grant Sparta leadership of their forces.
Leonidas and Themistocles agree to fortify the pass at Thermopylae.
The rest arrives.
Leonidas learns of the Persian advance and travels to Sparta to spread the news.
His fellow king Leotychidas is fighting a losing battle with the Ephors over a religious festival  with members of the council arguing.
Is due to take place.
The army should wait until after the festival is over marches  while Leotychidas fears that by that time the Persians may have conquered Greece.
Leonidas decides to march north immediately.
Who are exempt.
They are subsequently reinforced.
Xerxes grows angry.
His army is repeatedly routed  with the Spartans in the forefront.
Leonidas receives word.
The remainder of the Spartan army  rather than joining him as he had expected  will only fortify the isthmus in the Peloponnese and will advance no further.
The Greeks constantly beat back the Persians.
Xerxes begins to consider withdrawing to Sardis.
He can equip a larger force.
However  Xerxes receives word through the mountains.
He prepares to withdraw.
Will enable his forces to attack the Greeks.
Promising to reward Ephialtes  Xerxes sends his army onward.
He sends away the Greek allies to alert the cities.
Leonidas realizes he will be surrounded.
Being too few to hold the pass  the Spartans instead attack the Persian front.
Where Xerxes is nearby.
Leonidas is killed.
Meanwhile the Thespians   are overwhelmed.
Who had refused to leave.
Surrounded  the surviving Spartans refuse Xerxes s demand to give up Leonidas  body.
They are then annihilated.
Narration states.
The Battle and the Battle of Plataea end the Persian invasion  which could not have been organized without the time bought by the 300 Spartans who defied the tyranny of Xerxes at Thermopylae.
One is the memorial bearing the epigram of Simonides of Ceos.
Is recited.
<EOS>
A criminal psychologist loses his arm  and becomes one of three patients to have their missing limbs replaced by those belonging to an executed serial killer.
One dies violently.
Disturbing occurrences start happening.
<EOS>
The movie starts.
The bride Sindhura finds a child.
She wants to support the child.
She locates the child s parents.
She starts enquiring.
Who left his daughter.
Satyam  father  has been on the chase by feudals and police.
The police are unable to find him and arrest his pregnant wife.
Tribals protested and planned to attack the police.
They were stopped.
A sadistic officer forced the mother to do situps  resulting.
Angered crowd killed the police officer.
Caused more violence.
Sindhura is implicated in a false case and loses her married life.
She faces the threats.
She persists  goes to the village  brings the atrocities towards the oppressed people to light  and returns the child.
Ankuram ends.
Citizens who can speak have the responsibility.
<EOS>
Weighing themselves  the gang receives a fortune card predicting.
They will receive unexpected riches.
Acting  the kids decide to dig for buried treasure  using a fradulent map provided by one of their wise-guy acquaintances.
The fortune card s prediction comes true.
The treasure hunt comes.
<EOS>
Every year  the United Nations Organization publishes a Report.
Establishes a worldwide ranking.
Norway appears as the most developed country on the planet.
Nigeria takes last place once again  identifying it as the least developed country in the world.
This documentary s intent is to get to know the people.
Who live  what they think  how they live and how they feel.
But it also shows us.
People s happiness is not necessarily linked.
<EOS>
Xu Lang  a white collar office manager  has started to get tired of the same routine in his marriage.
He is given a magical cell phone by an angel.
The cell phone allows him to have romantic encounters.
He still can not meet the right one.
He attempts to mend things over  only to find and found happiness.
His ex-wife has met another man.
The movie ends.
<EOS>
Note  The story is not told in chronological order.
Important information is often revealed only late.
The following synopsis does not reflect the viewer s actual experience.
They unfold.
Exotica presents a disparate group.
Whose lives are interconnected.
Christina is an exotic dancer  owned by Zoe.
Eric is the club s DJ and Christina s former boyfriend  and is involved.
Francis is a customer.
Who comes and always has Christina -- dressed in a schoolgirl uniform -- give him a private dance  which seems to inspire Eric s jealousy.
Francis hires a teenaged girl to babysit each night.
He attends the nightclub.
But Francis has no child.
The girl waits each night until her employer returns.
Francis is a tax auditor for Revenue Canada.
Thomas is a latent-gay pet store owner.
Whose books Francis is auditing pursuant to a suspicion of Thomas running an illegal import business with revenues of $ 200000 per year.
Francis is eventually banned.
When Eric manipulates him.
Francis discovers illegal activities in Thomas  financial records  and forces Thomas to get involved in his conflict with Eric.
We eventually learn.
Francis  obsession has much more complex roots.
It first appears.
The film s final scene  set many years  shows.
The death is central to the lives of the main characters.
<EOS>
A mother  Hannah  is fatally injured into the body of her unconscious daughter Samantha.
When Hannah dies.
Hannah resolves to keep her daughter s life running smoothly.
Hannah  living  endeavors to keep up an emotional relationship with the father  Ben  through Samantha   to mutual horror.
Sometimes veers perilously close.
Her experience helps her to learn a lot.
Her daughter was living.
Harrowing a teen s life can be  as she struggles to walk the tightrope many teens must negotiate.
She s confronted.
She finds largely unfamiliar  since a couple of decades have passed since her own graduation.
Samantha s life has been a challenge to meet her parents  expectations in an acceptable range  all the while being overwhelmed by the hormones of adolescence  in many ways more powerful than any of the drugs the kids experiment with.
She discovers.
It is at times difficult to keep that grip.
The possessiveness threatens to completely overwhelm his life as well as hers  with nearly disastrous results.
He feels.
<EOS>
The second movie has Cobra kidnapping the G.
I.
Joe commander General Hawk.
Doctor Mindbender has invented a method to transform humans.
Heed Cobra s bidding.
Mindbender calls the process Venomization.
Wherein human DNA is fused.
Cobra Commander s plan is to brainwash and mutate Hawk.
Additionally  the Joe Team is.
Is exactly the tool Cobra requires to Venomize the human population.
I.
Joe  Spy Troops  elements  and the not-quite-secret status of the G.
I.
Joe elite.
Previous animated forays likewise portrayed the Joes.
The Cobra V-Troops are introduced  but are never referred.
Most fans are led to believe that Valor vs.
Venom is the precursor.
I.
Joe  Sigma.
The most notable connection  is the mention.
<EOS>
Whipple Whip Hoxworth returns home to find his grandfather has died and left his fortune to Hoxworth s cousin  Micah Hale.
Hoxworth  the black sheep  starts a plantation  staffing it with newly-arrived Chinese indentured servants Nyuk Tsin and her man Mun Ki.
Mun Ki fathers children.
Nyuk Tsin  named Wu Chow s Auntie to support the fiction  has other ideas.
Mun Ki s spouse is the real mother.
Whip steals valuable pineapples.
They will grow.
He gives the forlorn plants  knowing.
She has a green thumb.
The overjoyed Whip offers to buy her some land.
When she succeeds.
She accepts.
This is the first step.
Meanwhile  Whip marries native Hawaiian Purity and has a son.
However   she is mentally fragile.
Eventually  her mind gives way.
She can no longer abide to live.
Their son Noel grows to manhood.
Wu Chow s Auntie accompanies him.
When Mun Ki contracts leprosy.
Later  she returns to be reunited and reacquainted with her now-grown  educated.
Prospering children.
A complication arises.
When Noel falls with Wu Chow s Auntie s only daughter.
Neither parent approves.
They grudgingly accept it.
<EOS>
The plot are very similar.
They end up rushing to work By Night Aircraft Co.
When Porky and Daffy Duck realize that they overslept after their alarm goes off at.
And sneaking in.
Daffy ends up turning the clock backwards two hours earlier and clocks for the alarm to go off.
When it came to clocking in.
Their boss catches them and states.
If they were nt going to make it  he would ve sent their work.
The boss warns them.
If they are late one more time  they are fired.
The boss orders.
Them to get to work.
Later that night  Porky Pig sets the alarm clock.
Daffy complains.
Porky reminds Daffy.
If they are late again  they will be fired.
Porky climbs.
They both fall asleep.
A bunch wake them up.
Later that night  the moon comes out.
Its light wakes up Porky.
One ends up wrecking his bed.
This also disturbs Daffy.
Who ends up shooting the moon  which then falls.
Daffy found that unbelievable.
A thunderstorm occurs.
The night progresses.
Porky is sleeping.
Porky closes the window only to disturb him and Daffy.
Daffy opens an umbrella.
It s bad luck.
Daffy ignores Porky s statement.
Lightning destroys the umbrella.
A lot comes through the roof and down on them.
When Daffy quotes that he should try sleeping.
The next morning  Porky and Daffy are shown sleeping.
When the alarm clock goes off.
They get themselves ready and drive off to work.
When Porky and Daffy arrive.
They see a sign.
Says Closed.
Porky states.
They do nt have to work today.
They drive home.
The alarm clock goes off again.
When they climb back.
It gets shot.
<EOS>
Joe is a newly divorced  single dad.
He still longs to start a new relationship.
He makes a decent living working  and loves the time he is getting to spend with his son.
So Joe decides to explore the world.
While meets a woman in her twenties.
Who calls herself sexykitten.
They meet in person.
Joe learns.
When she arrives.
Her real name is Tanya Sullivan and Joe is instantly attracted.
She also reveals.
She is married and has a young daughter.
However  both Joe and Tanya do nt care.
The relationship grows from hot  passionate sex.
What Joe believes is love.
They continue.
Meeting and Tanya sends Joe pornographic videos.
The relationship seems to be going great.
One day Tanya drops a bombshell.
She s pregnant.
What she believes is Joe s baby.
Joe tries to convince Tanya to leave her husband to come and live.
She tells Joe.
But Tanya refuses the offer  saying.
Her husband is very dangerous and would never let that happen.
Joe tries to convince himself.
What Tanya is saying is true.
It s not long.
When Tanya pulls through to speak.
Another bombshell is dropped.
Tanya s husband finds out and takes it out on Tanya by raping her and in the process getting rid of her baby  or.
Joe thinks.
Joe ca nt take it anymore.
So  he plots and then sets out to kill Tanya s husband.
Which he succeeds.
The relationship between Joe and Tanya slowly starts to disintegrate.
It s not long.
Joe loses contact all together.
So Joe decides to investigate.
He travels.
Where Tanya lives.
There he figures out.
Everything that Tanya has been telling him is a lie.
Tanya was never pregnant.
Her husband never abused her.
She has a new house.
And worst has a new boyfriend.
Joe is devastated.
He returns.
Where he falls.
He starts to drink again.
Results live with his mom.
Joe then finally decides to take action  or rather his own life.
Joe commits suicide.
Note instructs his friend to make sure.
A suitcase gets to the police in Tanya s hometown.
Armed Joe has left for them  the police arrest Tanya.
She ends up convicted to commit murder.
<EOS>
Sugar Creek follows Adam Stanton.
He awakes  alone.
Setting out he finds the local townspeople to be afraid of him.
<EOS>
Winkle quits his boring bank job to follow his dream  to open a repair shop.
Everyone is shocked  particularly his status-conscious wife Amy.
Who demands he chose.
The only exception is Barry  a young orphan Mr Winkle has befriended.
However   Winkle is drafted.
The situation can be resolved.
He becomes friends.
Who is looking.
Winkle is reassigned to help the supply sergeant keep the books.
He did.
He rebels and   becomes a mechanic  something.
Gives him great satisfaction.
He makes it through basic training.
A new regulation allows older men to get honorably discharged.
Winkle refuses to quit.
Barry runs away to try to see him.
When Winkle s furlough is canceled.
Amy and the head find him hitchhiking and bring him back.
Amy learns from Barry.
There is more than she thought  causing her to reconsider.
Winkle and his unit are shipped out.
He and Tinker are sent to repair a bulldozer.
Then  the Japanese attack his unit.
Tinker looks.
Winkle fixes the bulldozer.
Tinker starts celebrating  only to be killed himself.
Winkle uses the bulldozer to knock out a machine gun nest.
He is discharged and sent home to recuperate.
The war hero returns.
Who show him a new shortcut they have made together.
<EOS>
The movie is centered.
The characters issues leading up.
It starts.
I love you.
Zoey  however  is still unsure.
She feels.
This leads.
James insists.
When she offers to return the necklace.
She keep it.
They each agree to remain friends.
James is not seen.
It is unknown.
What became.
Dateless stubbornly refuses to attend.
The night returns to PCA.
Zoey and Chase share their first kiss.
Zoey then realizes.
She did nt love James was because she was the entire time.
Zoey and Chase announce their relationship to their ecstatic friends.
Zoey invites Chase to stay in Hawaii for the summer.
Chase gladly accepts.
Quinn and Logan decide to choose each other s dates and pair each other up respectively so to not arouse any suspicion of them dating.
Their relationship is revealed.
When Stacey tries.
He unthinkingly declares.
He does nt want.
Wanting to drive Lisa  Michael gets a classic car from his father.
Trouble comes.
When the car turns out to be a stick shift which Michael can not drive.
A mysterious Asian man  Mr Takato  claiming to be the lower school.
Math teacher comes seemingly out to help Michael learn.
He has Michael learn.
Both help Michael.
No one knows.
Michael sees him on a bull and asks him to tell his girlfriend.
He helped him  but the man says he can not.
He does not exist.
He disappears  leaving Michael scared and confused.
Mark is crushed.
When his girlfriend  Brooke  dumps him saying he is not exciting enough.
Michael tries to teach Mark.
To drive stick using the same methods Mr Takato taught him  trying to take his mind off everything.
Mark takes the wheel and hits an upset Stacey running out.
Her lisp is fixed.
Lola is named head  but passes the work onto Stacey.
She relaxes.
She agrees to arrive to the prom fashionably late  they end up becoming lost in the woods due to unforeseen events with their taxi driver.
Lola and Vince make it to the prom.
It finishes.
The final scene closes with the main cast dancing together  Zoey and Chase  Logan and Quinn  Lola and Vince  Michael and Lisa  and Mark and Stacey.
The series ends.
<EOS>
-LCB- -LCB- cquote2 -RCB- -RCB- The Heart of Texas is the story.
Its townspeople witness grace and forgiveness triumph.
When tragedy pierces the heart.
What can happen when.
A story of such forgiveness can seem more of a work of fiction  yet every moment of this story is true.
<EOS>
Introduction  Wile E.
Coyote sneaks up it  hoping.
It explodes instantly.
The credits are shown.
The coyote s Latin name is visible.
They disappear.
The Road Runner  significantly late  zooms into view with the name Velocitus incalcublii.
The action resumes.
Both characters begin the chase.
Wile catches up and passes him  but on his side.
Wile continues to move further.
Signaled. 
Then   he fails to spot the end and suffers gravity.
He is looking backwards.
Determined  the coyote shakes it all off and climbs the cliff  visibly straining himself.
Finally  he hangs on and pulls himself barely up onto the end of the cliff.
The Road Runner   has waited until now to beep Wile off the cliff and sideways into thin air.
Wile E.
Looks backwards and soon deduces the situation  thus causing gravity to activate a second time.
.
Wile has a simple new plan  Drop a bomb from a hot air balloon.
However   the balloon inflates the coyote instead.
When the coyote inflates the balloon.
Wile floats  just grabbing the bomb.
He deflates and flies randomly.
Wile sighs.
When all the air leaves him.
He sees he is holding the bomb.
He lets go  only to realize.
He is also falling.
Now  Wile has to speed back up  all the way back down  and then strategically hide to avoid the bomb  however  underneath a low arch.
Is exactly where the bomb lands.
Thinking fast  the coyote spots the bomb s end poking and hears it ticking  and thus unscrews the head and takes out the explosive.
The bomb s clock stops ticking.
A relieved Wile is blown up.
When it abruptly starts ticking again.
.
This time  Wile uses trickery to stop the Road Runner.
He posts several white signs.
The Road Runner obligingly munches.
The coyote prepares to lower a bucket to trap the Road Runner.
However  he steps and can not keep his foot out of it.
Finally  he falls down and has to hold  then ends up twisted inside the bucket.
The coyote unties the rope  but then sees.
Was the very rope holding himself up.
He hides.
When it hangs itself up on a tree branch.
Wile relaxes hunched until the excessive weight on one side causes the coyote to fall out again and down to the ground.
The Road Runner provides a convenient spring.
Wile thanks his rival and is hung up by the wire.
He is bounced directly up.
.
Wile hammers a Detour sign  directing the Road Runner to go down a very dangerous outcropping.
The Road Runner stops.
The coyote follows  trapping the bird.
Wile licks his lips  prepares his utensils and walks to eat him.
The bird stands still  showing no sign.
Then the thin outcropping breaks and sends Wile.
His own utensils follow him down  scrape the skin  and spear his tail  despite his efforts to avoid them.
If that was nt enough.
The coyote leaps all the way and rejoins his napkin.
Both are hung up.
The entire tree then falls down  pounding the coyote.
Wile can not fight the flow  and is swept downstream.
His arm protrudes out.
He twists the spigot.
The rest comes out  leaving Wile staring at the Road Runner  still standing on the floating piece of rock.
Wile  depressed and embarrassed  holds up a sign  I would nt mind -.
That he defies the law.
The title is a reference  often erroneously contributed to Nathan Bedford Forrest.
<EOS>
Ishaan Nandkishore Awasthi is an eight-year-old boy.
Who dislikes school and fails every test or exam.
He finds all subjects difficult  and is belittled.
But Ishaan s internal world is rich.
He is unable to convey.
He is an artist.
Whose talent is unrecognised.
Ishaan s father  Nandkishore Awasthi  is a successful executive.
Who expects his children.
His mother  housewife Maya Awasthi  is frustrated.
Ishaan s elder brother  Yohaan  is an exemplary scholar and athlete.
Ishaan is frequently reminded.
Ishaan s parents send him to a boarding school.
There he sinks  despite being befriended by Rajan  physically disabled and one of the top students in his class.
Ishaan s situation changes.
When a new art teacher  Ram Shankar Nikumbh  joins the school s faculty.
An instructor is markedly different from that of his strict predecessor.
He quickly observes.
Ishaan is unhappy and contributes little.
He reviews Ishaan s work and concludes.
His academic shortcomings are indicative.
Nikumbh visits Ishaan s parents and asks.
He can see more.
He is stunned  and tells his parents.
Ishaan is a bright child who processes information.
Ishaan s father is suspicious.
The explanation is simply an excuse.
Nikumbh demands.
He read some Japanese text and berates him when he can not  giving him a glimpse into Ishaan s experience of school.
Nikumbh describes dyslexia and explains.
It is not a sign.
He tells them he can provide extra tutoring.
Will help Ishaan  highlighting the boy s artistic ability evident.
Nikumbh subsequently brings up the topic in class  and offers a list of famous people.
Who are considered dyslexic.
Nikumbh asks Ishaan to remain behind and reveals.
The students are leaving the classroom.
He too experienced the same difficulties.
Nikumbh then visits the school s principal and obtains his permission to become Ishaan s tutor.
He attempts to improve Ishaan s reading and writing  Ishaan soon develops an interest in language and mathematics.
His grades improve.
Towards the end organises an art fair for the staff and students.
The competition is judged.
Ishaan   is declared the winner and Nikumbh.
Who paints Ishaan s portrait  the.
The principal announces.
Nikumbh has been hired.
They are left speechless.
When Ishaan s parents meet his teachers.
They see.
Ishaan s father thanks Nikumbh.
He turns around and runs.
Ishaan is getting to leave with his parents.
The film ends into the air.
<EOS>
Raju and Guddi are childhood friends and neighbors.
Who are virtually inseparable.
Raju s father is arrested.
Guddi grows up to be a professional stage singer and dancer.
Raju grows up to be a card-sharp and a thief.
Years later  both Raju and Guddi meet and fall with each other  unaware.
They were childhood friends.
Chander too is headed that way  to get himself arrested.
Seema is to her birthplace for religious reasons.
That he can be jailed.
<EOS>
Toe wants his rock band Pigpoke to go.
He raises funds by selling marijuana  eventually making leaving town a necessity in order to survive.
<EOS>
Ein Shams has become one of Cairo s poorest and most neglected neighbourhoods.
Who lives.
Envelops everyday life.
The diverse characters of the film showcase the intricacies of Egypt s political system and social structure  and give a glimpse into the grievances of the Middle East region and the complex relationships of its nations.
<EOS>
Mirza  a famous Kurdish musician  hears.
His ex-wife Hanare is.
He  accompanied  embarks on an adventurous journey across the Iran-Iraq border to find her.
<EOS>
Kang In-ho is the newly appointed art teacher.
He has a dark past - his wife was a high school student.
Who committed suicide and his daughter is.
He is excited to teach his new students  yet the children are aloof and distant  trying to avoid running as much as possible.
In-ho does not give up  however  trying to show the kids.
He cares.
In-ho faces the shocking and ugly truth and  the children are being physically and sexually abused by their teachers.
When the children finally open up.
What the students have been enduring.
In-ho teams up activist Seo.
When he decides to fight and expose the crimes being committed at the school.
But he and Yoo-jin soon realize the school s principal and teachers  and even the police  prosecutors and churches are actually trying to cover up the truth.
Real life case explored in The Crucible The Hankyoreh.
The accused do not hesitate to lie and bribe their way to get very light sentences.
<EOS>
Julie Blair is an American vacationing.
She hears stories.
She meets Dr Baldwin  a marine biologist.
They fall.
The mysterious death Julie in investigating.
Baldwin is very skeptical.
She sees a giant amoeba rising.
<EOS>
10-year-old Paul s mother Mel comes to rely on an old friend  Lenny.
Who is also a pimp and drug dealer.
Soon Paul must take care.
Paul must confront the fear  having lost his father  his mother too may abandon him due.
When Mel s friend and fellow user dies.
Has been gathering.
He takes action to stop this from happening.
Paul befriends a pregnant Louise  an older girl.
This is happening.
Who is also a drug addict.
Most was shot on location in east London with West Ham United s Boleyn Ground featuring prominently.
I m Forever Blowing Bubbles.
Paul is a West Ham supporter the team s anthem.
Is a key part.
<EOS>
A peaceful Czech scientist  Professor Marnelle  has unintentionally developed a nerve gas while working on a new fuel.
Marnelle does nt want to use his invention.
He s threatened  including Von Schweig with a concentration camp.
Marnelle destroys his lab and manages to escape - but is then recaptured.
We then meet two members.
Who are - when another man is arrested the two of them flee.
They trick a passing German car and knock them out - to discover Marnelle and his daughter are in the back seat  prisoners.
They take the Germans uniforms  drive the prisoners and manage to escape in a plane.
The Marnelles go.
The Nazis find out and decide to track him there.
Marnelle starts working and meets pilot Frank Miller.
Nazi officer Von Schweig arrives and meets up with local fifth columnists - Miller s ends up crashing.
Who are planning sabotage.
He winds up.
The war has started.
There is a scene.
Where Von Schweig and a fifth columnist  Dr Vass  looks.
Von Schweig says.
We did not expect the enthusiasm.
Dr Vass says.
He s been for a number of years and still does nt understand them  adding that you expect from their interest in sport that nothing else matters.
In war the greater the danger the harder they fought.
Miller and his friend Ted Jackson visit the Marnelles.
Where they are looked.
The fifth columnists and Von Schweig meet up.
Who is revealed to be Frank Miller.
Miller tells them  they capture and start torturing him to find the formula.
Where to find the scientist.
The Germans are about to take the Marnelles back.
Mack manages to sneak off and inform the authorities.
Ted Jackson rescues.
Marnelle but Miller s treachery enables the Germans to take off.
Jackson hops and flies after Miller and Von Schweig  shooting them down in a dog fight.
A German U boat is also destroyed.
<EOS>
Julie Corky has a slumber party.
One she has invited  Staci Blake  declines  saying with her boyfriend Todd.
She is going.
Julie is worried.
She will fit in.
She is concerned.
She will not be popular enough to sit.
These worries are increased due.
Her best friend Hannah  is moving.
Farrah witness Staci s friend Liz bullying Yancy  a girl their age.
Who is somewhat overweight.
Julie feels sorry  and as a result invites her to her sleepover.
Hannah  Farrah and Yancy are bombarded.
Leaving school Julie.
SpongeBob tries to show Julie a picture in a coma.
She shows no interest.
That night  Todd tells Staci.
They are skipping the dance.
Instead  Todd drives Staci and makes continuous passes at her.
She refuses  ultimately getting her left.
Staci goes to Julie s house and challenges the girls to a scavenger hunt.
The winning team gets to sit.
The losing team has to sit.
Julie is reluctant to accept.
Hannah does so.
Liz e-mails the scavenger hunt list.
Includes dressing a window mannequin  have a guy from DatesSafe.
Com buy you a drink  stealing a decal off of a PatrolTech Security car and  to Julie s horror  borrowing a pair of boxer shorts from her crush Steve Phillips.
Julie and the girls sneak out.
Her mom out occupied with fixing their house s water filter.
Ren  Julie s older college-dropout brother agrees to cover.
Immediately following the girls  departure  SpongeBob  Lance and Miles skateboard and climb up through an upstairs window.
Turns out to be Ren s former room.
Declaring it to be the wrong room  Ren points them.
Aided  the boys manage to avoid detection from Mr Corky.
They then notice the scavenger hunt list and print off their own sheet  deciding to join the hunt themselves.
The girls make it to Old Navy.
But Staci and Liz s team have already been there to dress their mannequins and lock the window display.
The girls are forced to dress male mannequins and are caught by Officer Sherman  but escape by locking him in the display with one of the mannequin arms.
They arrive but are not let in by the guard  no thanks to SpongeBob.
Who suddenly shows up.
Julie and Hannah sneak in.
Nancy and Farrah wait outside.
A guy walks over and  seeing Yancy sitting alone  offers to sneak her.
She declines.
He is talking  because usually guys only ask her to hold the door.
He introduces himself  and says.
He would never ask her to hold the door.
She suddenly discovers.
Her blind date is actually her English teacher Mr Corrado.
He does nt recognize her.
But he expresses understanding  admitting.
When he does.
He went as Julie but never got to sit by The Fountain.
Mr Corrado buys Julie a ginger ale  Hannah takes a picture.
They leave but not.
Julie spots her mother dancing.
She drops her scarf.
They rush out.
Gabby picks up.
Recognizing it  Gabby phones her house wanting to talk to Julie.
Miraculously  Julie skateboards home to answer the phone.
En route  Steve and his friend Gregg spot her.
Ignites curiosity.
Ren encourages Julie to go be a teenager.
It ends too soon.
The Hypermini needs charging.
Hannah says.
They will find a plug while Julie goes and gets the boxers.
Cautiously  Julie enters the house and is seen.
Who only broke.
Humorously  Liz calls PatrolTech Security claiming to see a suspicious person.
Steve is looking through old yearbooks trying to find pictures of Julie  but puts them down to get ready for the dance.
Julie hides comes into the bathroom  turning the shower on and undressing in front of Julie.
Outside  the Hypermini crashes  causing Steve and Gregg to look out the window and giving Julie the opportunity to flee  grabbing the boxers.
She goes.
Julie is stopped.
SpongeBob comes.
Julie takes the decal and then everyone makes a dash for the high school parking lot.
Having stopped  Staci and Liz barely make it to the parking lot in time.
Staci suggests a tie breaker.
Julie and Hannah reluctantly accept.
The first team to get the king or queen s crown will win.
SpongeBob asks Farrah.
They won.
She tells them.
They just have to get the crown first.
SpongeBob pencils in get crown.
Right  Todd is spotted kissing a girl.
Staci confronts them.
Turns that she loses.
Belittled  SpongeBob sticks up.
Enters the dance contest with SpongeBob.
Who is confident.
Spongebob s list falls out of his pocket and is picked up by Steve.
Who reads it.
Gregg then points Julie out on the dance floor.
Staci and SpongeBob win the dance and get their picture taken.
SpongeBob exitedly shows Staci his coma picture  but states.
The photo is way cooler.
Farrah accidentally lets slip.
Staci was originally the third guest  not her.
She is sad  but bounces back quickly.
Peter turns up and dedicates a song.
Steve is named King and chooses a shocked Julie.
Steve takes his crown off his head and places it on Julie s telling her  gaining victory for Julie and her friends.
You win.
Outside  Steve reveals.
He knew.
They are about to kiss.
When Julie gets a call.
Julie leaves a disappointed Steve.
The girls make it.
But Julie loses her crown.
It is revealed.
Mr Corky knows and does nt mind it at all  knowing that everyone needs a night out now and then.
The next morning confronts her asking.
What they did last night.
Julie admits.
They left the house  but.
Surprisingly  Mrs Corky is not mad but confesses.
It is difficult to believe how fast Julie is growing up.
Julie goes back.
Her friends leave.
Where she notices her dented crown.
Steve comes and places the crown on her head again.
She reaches.
They then kiss passionately.
The film ends  now in high school  eating their lunch by the school dumpsters among the trash and the social rejects.
<EOS>
Mickey Mouse is hosting a radio talent show.
The film opens.
Mickey rings a gong signaling the end.
A pair of robotic hands remove him forcefully.
Mickey then introduces the next act  Donald Duck.
Donald first presents an apple.
But Donald s act  a recitation  ends badly.
He forgets the words.
Mickey rings.
The gong and Donald is removed.
A disgruntled Donald returns to take back the apple.
As Mickey is announcing the next act.
The next act   are the two Claras  Cluck and Belle.
Introduced. 
Clara Cluck sings a clucking version by Luigi Arditi accompanied by Clarabelle Cow on piano.
The performance is the first to avoid being gonged.
Clara struggles.
Duck returns to stage with a submachine gun and  holding Mickey and the audience at gunpoint  determines to complete Twinkle  Twinkle  Little Star again.
But he again forgets the words.
He opens fire.
When the audience laughs.
The robotic hands grab Donald and takes him.
Some released versions.
Was determined too violent.
The most recent release however is.
Mickey emerges and introduces the final act  Goofy and his 50-piece band.
Turns out to be a multi-instrumental contraption/vehicle from which he can play many instruments.
Goofy begins.
Then There ll Be a Hot Time.
But the tempo and intensity is too much for the machine.
Eventually. 
Goofy emerges and humorously admits.
It busted.
The iris out effect closes on his neck.
Ends the cartoon.
He struggles to force it open.
It finally closes.
This is a rare instance.
<EOS>
Smiley is a mischievous boy.
Who lives.
His father is an alcoholic drover.
He is always getting with his best friend Joey.
He decides to save up enough money to buy a bicycle.
Smiley takes but keeps getting involved in pranks.
He unwittingly helps the local publican  Jim Rankin  sell opium.
Who live.
Smiley s father steals his savings to pay gambling debts.
Smiley accidentally knocks him out and runs away.
Where he is bitten.
His life is saved.
Rankin is arrested and the townspeople chip.
<EOS>
Twelve-year-old Steve Pascoe is nicknamed ` Snook.
He s thin and.
He s named.
He s no good at sport and  at home  his father scorns him.
Snook joins his father and fellow crewmen.
When disaster strikes.
It is up to save himself and his father from a desperate situation.
<EOS>
Mahasangram is a family drama starring Pradeep Roy  Supriya Choudhury  Kushal Chakraborty and Rituparna Sengupta.
<EOS>
The film begins.
The story is then recounted.
The film also contains a surreal fantasy sequence.
Whose objections were supposedly removed by his conversion to Catholicism.
The film explores Mahler s music and its relationship to his life.
Some outdoor sections were made in Borrowdale  in the English Lake District.
<EOS>
The story opens.
Which Rupa parents are killed.
She becomes an orphan but friends and neighbours support her.
She gets a good job.
She falls with Rahul  her colleague.
She accepts to marry him.
There s Anand  an US returned guy.
Who is forced to attend a family friend s wedding.
He meets the bride Rupa and its love at first sight for him.
But soon the wedding is called off.
Anand is very happy.
The marriage gets cancelled.
Anand talks.
He admires her.
He completely falls with her.
To win her love  he does lots.
But  she comes to know.
When she starts to love him.
Anand s father was the murderer.
The rest is about.
The lovers will be united.
<EOS>
Barry Champlain  a Jewish radio personality  is a host with a caustic sense of humor and a knack for cutting people down with his controversial politically liberal views.
Champlain s radio show is about to go nationwide.
A former suit salesman  he achieves his rise through a guest shot on the Jeff Fisher radio show.
He is subsequently given his own show.
Barry has a substantial number and sometimes receives threatening fan mail  such as.
When one caller makes a bomb threat.
His rise is accompanied not only with attention from radical elements  but also with the alienation of his wife.
<EOS>
Kara Zor-El lives called Argo City  in a pocket of trans-dimensional space.
Zaltar allows Kara to see a unique and immensely powerful item known.
Which he has borrowed  and which powers the city.
However   the Omegahedron is blown out into space.
Much  Kara follows it to Earth in an effort to recover it and save the city.
The Omegahedron is recovered by Selena  a power-hungry would-be witch assisted by the feckless Bianca and seeking to free herself from her relationship with warlock Nigel.
What it is.
The Omegahedron is powerful and can enable her to perform real magical spells.
Supergirl arrives and discovers her powers.
She takes the name Linda Lee  identifies herself as a cousin of Clark Kent  and enrolls at an all-girls school.
Where she befriends Lucy Lane  a younger sister.
Supergirl also meets and becomes enamoured.
Who works.
Ethan also catches the eye.
Who drugs him.
An angry Selena uses her new-found powers to animate a construction vehicle   causing chaos.
She sends to bring Ethan back.
It does so.
Supergirl rescues Ethan.
He falls instead while in guise of Linda Lee.
Supergirl and Selena repeatedly battle.
Selena uses her powers to put Supergirl.
Here  stripped  she wanders the bleak landscape and nearly drowns in an oily bog.
Yet she finds help.
Who has exiled himself as a punishment for losing the Omegahedron.
Zaltar sacrifices his life to allow Supergirl to escape.
Back  Selena misuses the Omegahedron to make herself a princess of Earth  with Ethan as her lover and consort.
Emerging  Supergirl regains her powers and defeats Selena.
Free  Ethan admits his love for Linda and.
He knows that she and Supergirl are one and the same  but knows it is possible he may never see her again and understands she must save Argo City.
The final scene shows Kara returning the Omegahedron.
Promptly lights up again.
<EOS>
This comedy explores the wayward rivalry and an adversary in the Home Guard.
Ronald Shiner s character plays a decisive role.
<EOS>
Tony Naylor  Al Marsh and Jerry Ralby are looking.
They have just run out.
When Al gets a letter and finds he is a part-owner of a dress salon in Paris.
Thinking to sell his share  he  Jerry  and Tony fly  only to find the shop is almost bankrupt.
There they also find Stephanie and Clarisse.
Who own the other shares.
Tony is able to convince the anxious creditors to back a fashion show  hoping to put the shop back.
Tony is torn.
The plot progresses.
Meanwhile  Jerry falls.
Al has a crush.
Eventually  Al goes.
Who has followed the boys.
<EOS>
The film takes place.
Justin McLeod has been living as a recluse painter.
McLeod  a former teacher  has lived an isolated existence ever.
A car accident left him disfigured down the right side by burns sustained inthe post-crash fire.
A young boy  Chuck  sees McLeod and is intrigued by and slightly scared of him.
Chuck needs a tutor to help him pass a military academy s entrance exam.
McLeod seems to be the only one.
Truly believes he can and will succeed.
Eventually  Chuck is able to persuade McLeod to become his teacher.
The two develop a friendship.
Chuck keeps his daily meetings to avoid the scorn of being associated with the disfigured man with a past shrouded in mystery.
No one knows much.
Few people made an effort to get to know him  making McLeod the object.
She and the rest are convinced.
When Chuck s mother learns that her son has been visiting Mcleod.
McLeod must have been molesting Chuck.
Chuck researches McLeod s car accident.
Involves the death  but is made to see a psychiatrist.
Chuck inevitably confronts McLeod to learn the truth with the boy.
Simply because McLeod was  he was branded a pedophile and exiled from his hometown  also being convicted of involuntary manslaughter  having served three years in prison.
McLeod is once again railed out and ordered by the authorities to have no contact with Chuck.
His relationship is openly known.
McLeod leaves Chuck a note wishing him the best of luck in his academic goals and reminds him to be tolerant with people.
Who are different.
Chuck is shown graduating from the military academy and sees a familiar figure in the background  recognizing it as his tutor  the man without a face.
<EOS>
Sakthivel is the leader and is adored by the people.
His only brother is Selvam.
Who. 
Both Sakthivel and his wife Lakshmi are very fond and want him to get married and live happily.
Selvam is keen.
He has seen.
Sakthivel is prepared to go anywhere to find the girl.
Selvam actually comes across the photograph in a TV advertisement and discovers.
She is an actress.
A film crew lands.
Devayani   is.
She is called too.
Sakthivel approaches her.
She insults him.
I am beautiful and famous and can not marry a villager  she says.
Does Vikram accept defeat or manage to bring her round.
<EOS>
Okada Izo is a ronin born.
Who joins the Tosa loyalists.
Izo soon becomes a well known and successful killer.
He is stubbornly loyal.
However  Ryoma Sakamoto warns him.
He is merely Takechi s dog and that Takechi will end up betraying him.
It becomes necessary to sacrifice Izo.
Takechi becomes more and more determined to succeed.
He does.
Izo  disillusioned  confesses for the Tosa Loyalists.
He is condemned.
He is told.
Takechi will be forced to commit seppuku.
Review. 
<EOS>
The film concerns the November 29  1976 murder.
Wood stop.
The Dallas Police Department was unable to make an arrest.
They learned given by a 16-year-old resident of Vidor  Texas who had told friends that he was responsible for the crime.
The juvenile  David Ray Harris  led police.
22 Short caliber revolver he identified.
He subsequently identified 28-year-old Ohio resident Randall Dale Adams.
Adams had been living with his brother.
The film presents a series  based on the testimony and recollections of Adams  Harris  and various witnesses and detectives.
Two attorneys also appear  they suggest.
Who represented Adams where he was convicted of capital murder.
Adams was charged despite the better evidence against Harris because  as Harris was a juvenile  Adams alone of the two could be sentenced to death under Texas law.
The film s title comes.
The police are the thin blue line separating society.
This is a.
Which he describes British soldiers  from the color of their uniforms and their formation.
<EOS>
Ling Ling Fat is a Cantonese wordplay.
Whose number was 007  as well as part.
Ling Ling Fat is   a member of the Chinese Emperor s elite personal bodyguards.
He belongs.
Literally means King Protecting.
Like his fellow bodyguards  Ling Ling Fat makes unusual inventions  such as cannons fired from the mouth  helicopter blades  and magnets.
He also practices gynaecology  and spends time.
Ling Ling Fat fails to apprehend a group of ugly swordsmen.
Who are trespassing.
He does manage to acquire a kung fu manual  Flying Fairy.
Ling Ling Fat s seemingly useless inventions and his ignorance of martial arts enrage the Emperor.
Who demotes him to menial tasks.
Meanwhile  Faceless  King  plans to assassinate the Emperor and overtake China.
The Gum Tribe creates a diversion.
Which an alien is to be dissected.
Ling Ling Fat and the Emperor separately depart.
Gum s men assassinate and kill the Emperor s three remaining bodyguards.
Ling Ling Fat and his wife feast.
The assassins put the unconscious Emperor to present him as the alien for dissection.
Gum s assassins begin.
As Ling Ling Fat and the other doctors discover the Emperor s identity.
Ling Ling Fat uses his wits and inventions to defeat the assassins.
The Emperor honors Ling Ling Fat and gives him an enormous pearl as a reward.
The Emperor charges Ling Ling Fat with investigating a prospective concubine  the beautiful prostitute Gum Tso.
Ling Ling Fat meets without his wife s knowledge and has difficulty restraining himself from her seductive advances.
He gives her the enormous pearl and lies to his wife.
Later  Gum Tso surprises Ling Ling Fat  forcing a violent confrontation between Ling Ling Fat and his wife s family.
Ling Ling Fat forsakes his tearful wife and leaves.
He and the Emperor throw Gum Tso and reveal.
When Ling Ling Fat brings Gum Tso.
She is actually Faceless.
Ling Ling Fat had deciphered Gum Tso s true identity and enlisted his entire family in a ruse to fool Faceless.
The Emperor begins handing out acting awards.
Faceless manages to break free.
Once again  Ling Ling Fat uses his inventions and wits to combat Faceless.
Faceless fights back.
Ling Ling Fat is struck by a lightning bolt meant for Faceless.
Awakes his potential and enables him to use the Flying Fairy technique he learned.
<EOS>
Captain Sam Whalan gets involved.
Docked aboard a third-rate freighter.
Returning  Sam discovers.
A baby boy  rescued  has been left for an unnamed sailor aboard his ship.
Deciding to adopt the child himself  Sam advertises and soon hires Sally Clark as the child s nanny in exchange for her passage to New York.
Sally tells him she is the daughter.
Unknown  Sally is actually a dance hall girl dressed to appear virtuous and proper.
Sally takes loving care of the child.
Sam protects her.
One night  the first mate  Gatson  recognizes Sally and tries to blackmail her into sleeping with him.
Sally struggles to reject his advances.
Sam comes.
Gatson falls overboard.
Unable to locate him  he is assumed dead.
They arrive in New York  Sam and Sally have fallen in love and intend to marry.
The Department calls Sam to testify in an investigation of the Gatson incident.
He is soon arrested.
Sam and Sally are surprised to learn.
Gatson survived  was picked up  and is now pressing charges against Sam for assault and attempted murder.
Sally is forced to reveal her sordid past as a dance hall girl.
Order to clear Sam.
Shocked and disappointed  Sam tells Sally to leave the ship  and decides to put the baby up for adoption  despite Sally s sincere protests.
Sam goes off drinking with Gatson.
Later that night  a vengeful Sam brings Gatson.
She immediately comes to care.
When she learns that the baby was left out in the rain and is now sick.
Sam postpones his next sailing mission.
He begins to recover.
The baby is well.
The ship pulls up anchor  Sam and Sally have made amends and renew their plans to marry.
<EOS>
She flees the city  deciding to hide out in Glacier National Park.
She is followed.
Of whom is a federal agent.
<EOS>
Two Argentine sisters  Meme and Aneta  are devastated.
When their mother dies.
Meme  the elder  is also left lame badly scarred leg.
The orphaned girls move to Uruguay to stay.
The sisters often argue.
They are actually very close.
Meme flirts but has no luck.
Now  Meme works as a waitress.
Where she gets to know Andy.
Returning  they meet Dolores  a friend of their late mother.
Meme s affair complicates her relationship with her sister.
Then Andy invites the pair.
Where their rivalry continues.
<EOS>
The film opens  with mourners  many of them young people  surrounding a casket.
A minister prays.
An older couple dressed is closest to the casket  suggesting.
They are the deceased s parents.
The grief-stricken father weeps openly.
He is comforted.
The story then cuts.
Who is doing drugs.
The driver  Brick  is then pulled over.
The police officer tells Brick.
He is willing to let him.
He does favors.
He expects favors.
Brick agrees.
This is the beginning.
Bring Richie.
Eileen Brennan plays Richie s loving but weak mother Carol.
Lance Kerwin plays his younger brother Russell.
Whom Richie   is very protective of.
Both men make genuine attempts to meet each other halfway  yielding some success.
Richie likes.
However  the relationship worsens.
Social pressures and personal failings drive Richie deeper.
The interaction continues to deteriorate  largely due to Richie s escalating drug abuse and his father s unwillingness to enter family counseling.
The movie s climax comes.
When George intervenes.
Richie confronts his father  threatening him with an awl.
George retreats in the family s home.
Where Richie follows him.
George retrieves a revolver and aims it at Richie  but does not fire it  cocking the hammer back in an attempt to convince his son.
He is not bluffing.
Richie screams repeatedly.
George manages to overpower Richie.
Richie retreats upstairs and returns with a pair of scissors and taunts his father over and over again  daring him to shoot him  approaching him closer  thinking.
George does nt have the nerve to do it.
George pulls the trigger.
A blinding flash then morphs into a bouquet of flowers on a mahogany casket in the same cemetery  surrounded by the same mourners in black.
A brief eulogy is read by Shiela  The movie ends with a brief written epilogue over a still shot of George placing.
A rose  stating that a grand jury voted unanimously not to indict George Werner for the shooting death of his son  and that he lives as a free man.
<EOS>
A young promoter  Frankie Christopher  is accused.
He discovered out with ex-actor Robin Ray and gossip columnist Larry Evans.
Frankie hides out.
Whom he is falling.
An obsessive police officer  Cornell  knows  he tries to put the suspect anyway.
Frankie is innocent but because the evidence is completely incriminating.
Frankie escapes and eventually finds the murderer s true identity.
<EOS>
A year.
Resulted. 
When he made a remark.
He is secured and allowed only 100 feet from his house.
Kale starts spying  including Robert Turner and the new neighbor  Ashley Carlson.
Kale s mother  Julie  cuts him off to keep costs down.
Kale and his best friend Ronnie begin to research Turner at Turner s house and thinks.
Turner might be a serial killer.
Ashley becomes aware and confronts him  and decides to join the pair in investigating Turner.
Later that night  Kale observes a date in a panicked state.
Kale uses his binoculars to get a better view and accidentally turns.
Turner turns off the lights.
Turner is.
When he pans back.
He witnesses Turner s date leaving and the next morning  Kale enters his kitchen to see his mom flirting with Turner.
He implies threats.
Turner leaves.
Go unnoticed.
She goes to confront him.
Kale attempts to ruin Ashley s party.
They watch Turner drag a heavy bag.
She s there.
What looks.
The following day  Kale talks Ronnie.
Ashley follows Turner.
Ronnie manages to get the garage code.
Ashley loses track.
He suddenly appears.
He gets.
She ll be harmed if she continues spying.
Later that night  Ronnie realizes.
He left his phone and attempts to get it back.
Ronnie finds his phone.
When the garage door suddenly closes.
Ronnie runs and hides.
His ankle monitor goes off.
Kale attempts to rescue him.
Kale informs them.
When the police arrive.
Ronnie is.
Hearing the police outside  Turner comes out and allows them to search his garage.
Ronnie is nowhere to be found.
When Kale suggests they look.
They open it to find a deer.
Turner had hit.
Ronnie reveals himself to be alive and unharmed.
When Julie goes to talk him into not pressing charges.
Kale watches Ronnie s videotape.
He sees.
What looks.
She s turns her back.
Julie is.
He knocks her out.
Turner goes and knocks out Ronnie and after a struggle with Kale  binds and gags him.
Kale attacks Turner  and manages to subdue him.
Turner reveals his plan to frame Kale.
Turner breaks down the door  forcing Kale and Ashley to escape.
When Ashley frees Kale.
Kale takes a pair and goes to search for his mother.
Ashley goes to warn the police.
An officer alerted arrives and enters Turner s house  only to have Turner break his neck.
Kale falls in a pool of dead bodies in various states of decay.
He finds his mom and Julie stabs Turner  giving Kale time to kill Turner with the gardening shears.
When he climbs out.
When Turner appears.
Kale and Julie exit the house.
The police arrive.
He is released  the police offer Kale and Julie to pay for the damages to their house.
Kale and Ashley become a couple and Ronnie  sporting a large bruise  but is otherwise alive.
Well  videotapes them kissing.
<EOS>
Refuses to turn back  it is attacked.
The flotilla attempts to bring humanitarian assistance.
Activists resist and are mowed down by the Israeli soldiers.
A Turkish commando team led travels to West Bank in Palestine.
Where they launch a campaign in an attempt to track down and eliminate an Israeli general  leader Mose Ben Eliyezer  who is the responsible for the flotilla raid.
<EOS>
Three American college students  Dick  his sister Jessica  and her British boyfriend Kevin  are traveling.
When Dick   develops strange powers.
Dick uses his powers to raise the dead.
When their jeep breaks down  the site of a former slave rebellion one hundred years ago.
Who target the college.
<EOS>
Ko Sun-young is a popular television announcer and midnight DJ.
Who decided to quit her job after her daughter  Eun-soo  requires heart surgery.
Her sister Ah-young babysits her nieces at her apartment.
Sun-young receives a call.
She is.
Who claims to be her fan.
Dong-soo is a crazy man.
Who killed a lot.
He tells her.
He has kidnapped her family and that he wants her to play the songs.
He will kill them.
Sun-young does nt do what he wants or calls the police.
Scared  she obeyes his instructions  played the songs.
He told her and continues running her late-night show as tension mounts.
<EOS>
The episode opens.
Who both are trying to host the show.
Jimmy and Jerry explain.
When the real Bob and Larry arrive.
They figured that they ve been wanting to host  and that Bob and Larry could use a break.
Bob argues and lets them tell a short story.
He just had a break  but humors the gourds.
They wrote called The Englishman Who Went Up A Hill.
An Englishman goes up a hill and steals all the bananas.
He does nt eat or share.
Then a Swede goes up another hill and steals all the strawberries.
They are stuck hoarding their respective piles indefinitely.
Both men refuse to eat their own fruit to go with it  but are too selfish to lend some to each other.
The story ends.
Who has been interjecting the story with cries of you re so selfish.
The story ends.
Jimmy tries to get a verse  but he s been switched off.
Jerry substitutes a crudely-writted Do nt be selfish message.
Bob finally cuts in and tells the gourds to let him tell a REAL story  that.
King George only cares about rubber ducks.
His servant is.
Louis tries to tell him the kingdom.
George does nt care.
The most important person in the world is himself.
He notices a rubber duck.
George proclaims his love.
Belongs. 
Jealous  King George tells Louis to get him the duck.
Louis refuses.
Cedric the General says.
They need more men.
Seeing his opportunity  George announces.
Thomas wants to help and tells Cedric to put Thomas alone.
George tells Louis to meet him at Thomas s house.
They can take the duck.
It s time for Silly Songs with Larry.
Today s song is Endangered Love.
Which Larry follows the tragic saga.
Larry sings for Barbara.
He watches Barbara and her boyfriend Bill overcome life s obstacles.
Back  King George and Louis manage to steal the duck.
The King is happy.
Cedric and Thomas come.
George can take a bath.
Thomas ended the war all on his own  but has suffered the trauma of war in the process.
George quickly shooes.
Them away and again tries to get  but is interrupted by Melvin  a slightly odd wiseman who shows up every so often to tell a story using amazing audiovisual technology  a flannelgraph.
Melvin tells a story.
Who had many sheep.
Who had only a single sheep.
Visited  the rich man steals the sheep from the poor man to serve for dinner.
Furious  George asks.
Who this rich man is.
Melvin points out.
It s George himself.
His actions have done nothing but prove the King s selfishness.
Melvin tells George.
Whether we are a king or just a kid  God wants us all to put others first.
Looking to make up  George lets Thomas take a bath in his tub.
Cures his war trauma  and then returns his duck.
George then apologizes for his selfishness and is forgiven  thus ending the story.
Back  Bob finishes up the story by adding.
The next day  King George shared all his ducks.
However  the French Peas arrive and try their hand.
The show ends.
<EOS>
Prior go to France  for different personal reasons  to fight in the French Air Service  LAeronautique militaire  during World War I.
One  Blaine Rawlings faced with the foreclosure of his family ranch in Texas  decides to enlist after seeing a newsreel of aerial combat in France.
Dilettante Briggs Lowry joins.
African-American boxer Eugene Skinner   was motivated to pay back his adopted country.
Who had been accepted.
These American recruits were.
The veteran fighter ace Reed Cassidy  a fellow American  takes over.
Each pilot struggles with the demanding flying  later  they have to face the aerial dogfights.
Dominate the front line missions.
Rawlings meets a young woman named Lucienne.
Whom he courts about his risky profession.
The hero is given a small bear.
He carries ever to win the Academy Award for Best Picture.
The rookie pilots are ambushed by Germans.
Two are killed  another pilot is forced to make an emergency landing.
Met Franz Wolferd.
This American pilot is shot and killed by the German ace The Black Falcon who returns to altitude and is.
Who shakes his head.
Reed Cassidy is mortally wounded by the Black Falcon but  as his final act  destroys the Zeppelin by crashing into it.
Rawlings reunites.
She leaves.
His plane is presented.
Rawlings leaves.
Rawlings is promoted.
Their next mission is to escort four bombers.
Are being sent to bomb the same supply depot.
Franz Wolferd is shot down as well as a few of the American pilots  including Briggs Lowry.
Who shoots himself rather than be burned alive in his stricken plane.
Nevertheless  the mission is a success.
The German supply depot is bombed.
Rawlings takes off again to exact revenge on the Black Falcon  followed soon after by the rest of the Lafayette Escadrille.
A melee ensues.
Despite having jammed guns and being wounded  Rawlings evades his enemy and fatally shoots the Black Falcon with his pistol.
The rest either retreat or are shot down.
Rawlings and three other pilots survive the encounter and return.
<EOS>
Malli is a Cop.
DIG Viswanath brings him up and makes him an undercover police officer.
He is an orphan.
Hides his identity.
However  to nab an international mafia gang led  Viswanath sends Malli in undercover to the mafia gang.
The latter turns a trusted worker.
He almost believes Malli.
Viswanath and his team tries to corner Daddy and his gang  but could not arrest them due to lack of evidence.
Malli falls with a doctor.
He takes him.
Who was.
Daddy reveals.
His person was when he is cornered by Viswanath s team without evidence.
Chandu  was raised.
Who is also a Cop.
Chandu is.
Chandu is the one.
Who was helping Daddy s gang.
Viswanath also tells Daddy.
His man was also.
So both the teams break their heads to find out the black sheep.
But they could not do so.
Malli once visits the hospital and doctors tell him.
He should keep his mother happy always.
Malli reveals his identity but is mother.
Did not believe it.
To prove his words correct  Malli tells Viswanath to visit his mother once.
Daddy s gang attacks the building.
Viswanath dies.
Chandu  in order to escape from the blackmailing tactics of Daddy  shoots him to death in an encounter.
Chandu s still evil.
Malli realizes.
Chandu was working.
Malli proves.
Chandu s evil.
Malli also proves.
He s an undercover police officer.
One kills Chandu.
Malli s mother gets released.
Prasad wants Malli to go undercover again.
This time  Malli s going undercover.
<EOS>
Acrobacias del corazon was the first film.
Where Marisa Teresa Costantini took the central role.
Ironically the film centres a successful trapeze artist in the circus.
Who are involved.
The fictional director Marisa is currently planning to produce a new romantic film.
Which her present husband Jorge wrote the script  thinking lustfully.
A time ago in her personal life director and actress Maria Teresa Constantini suffered a marriage separation and a long legal process.
Resulted. 
This real life situation is reflected.
She actually portrays  although the film is far more exaggerated in a world of romances  passions  treasons and deceits  in which the men are idiotic  cowardly and weak.
There is always evidence of an extravagant lifestyle with luxurious cars and glamorous women and suave men.
The film reflects the paradise.
Seems to live  as shown by the trapeze artist s different life experiences to the director that Costantini portrays in the film.
Along the film also identifies these differences in class.
<EOS>
The Story is about today s youth and.
They can fight the evil.
The Director has tried to create a role model.
Can and should stand up.
The strength to fight it is.
We are the heroes.
First half is full of fun  comedy and romance on college campus.
Where a youth festival is.
Second half deals attack on the campus and.
The youth channelizes their energy to counter and foil the attack.
Movie revolves.
<EOS>
The film starts.
But midway they get a call.
He has to come back.
Later  all goes well.
The Dinanathan is called for a surgery.
It turns out to be his ex-lover Sophia s husband.
Who dies.
He sends a letter telling him to take care of Sophia.
The story continues in very complicated situations resulting in the death of Sophia due to a careless mistake and Dinanathan taking in the baby of Sophia into his own family.
<EOS>
Paul Armstrong  a liberal Harvard professor opposed  is persuaded to go to Florida  to investigate the conviction of Bobby Earl Ferguson for murder.
Ferguson  a former Cornell University student  is a highly intelligent  charming  and articulate black man.
Who was convicted.
Armstrong must save him.
Ferguson tells Armstrong.
He was tortured to get a confession.
He discovers.
Armstrong digs deeper.
Tanny Brown  the chief detective  did indeed coerce Ferguson s confession.
The plot thickens.
When Ferguson tells the professor that the murder was actually committed.
Brown tries to threaten him.
When Armstrong discovers the weapon.
Ferguson gets a re-trial and is freed.
Armstrong then receives a call.
Who asks him to visit his parents.
Armstrong is shocked to find the butchered bodies.
Returns demanding an explanation.
Sullivan gloats  Ferguson would kill Sullivan s parents.
He and Ferguson struck a deal.
Sullivan would claim responsibility.
It turns out.
Ferguson committed the crime for which he was imprisoned  and used Armstrong to release him.
Armstrong and Brown go.
Who desires revenge.
While thrown out  resulted in him being brutalized and castrated in jail  as well as being kicked out of Cornell  robbing him of any chance of a future.
Ferguson plans to murder Armstrong s wife and daughter and then feed them.
Armstrong and Brown come.
They kill Ferguson and save Armstrong s family.
<EOS>
James Jim Apperson s idleness incurs the great displeasure of his wealthy businessman father.
Then America enters World War I.
Jim informs his worried mother.
He has no intention.
He is persuaded to do just that  making his father very proud.
When he runs.
Jim makes friends with construction worker Slim and bartender Bull.
Their unit ships out.
Where they are billeted for a while.
All three men are attracted.
Whose mother owns the farm.
She repulses all their advances  but gradually warms.
They fall  despite not being able to speak each other s language.
One day  however  Jim receives a letter and a photograph.
Reveals that they are engaged.
She realizes the situation and runs off.
When Melisande sees the picture.
His unit is ordered.
Jim can decide what to do.
Melisande hears the commotion and races back  just to embrace and kiss.
The Americans are strafed by an enemy fighter  their first taste of.
What is to come.
The unit is sent immediately  advancing against first snipers and machine guns in the woods  then more machine guns  artillery  and poison gas in the open.
They settle down.
Jim shelters with Slim and Bull.
That night  orders come down to go out and eliminate a troublesome mortar crew  Slim wins a spitting contest for the opportunity.
He succeeds  but is spotted and wounded back.
Jim can not stand it any longer and goes to his rescue against orders.
Bull follows  but is shot and killed.
Jim reaches Slim  he is already dead.
Jim is then shot.
Jim shoots and wounds him.
When a German comes to finish him off.
The German starts crawling back.
Jim catches up  but  face to face  can not bring himself to finish him off with his bayonet.
Instead  he gives his erstwhile enemy a cigarette.
The German dies.
He is not stuck in no man s land for long  the Americans attack.
He is taken away.
He learns.
Champillon has changed hands four times.
Worried  Jim sneaks out of the hospital and hitches a ride.
He finds it damaged and empty.
When he gets.
Melisande and her mother have joined a stream.
Jim collapses and is carried off by retreating soldiers.
Jim goes home.
The war ends.
His mother overhears Justyn and Jim s brother Harry discussing   they have fallen in love.
He arrives.
What to do.
It is revealed.
When Jim appears.
He has had his leg amputated.
Later  Jim tells his mother  she tells him to go back and find her.
Melisande rushes.
When he returns.
<EOS>
The film features live stand-up performances filmed in July 2002 as well as behind-the-scenes sequences highlighting the individual comedians.
<EOS>
Roy Mathew  a young architect  finally arrives with dreams of starting a life afresh.
Who has spent his entire life abroad.
But he soon realises.
The city that he gets to live in is radically different that he had seen in his dreams.
His individuality is misundertood for a witness to a sensational crime involving top brass of industrialists and political class.
Roy has now got to prove not just his true self but also save himself and his dear ones but also set things right.
<EOS>
The plot follows.
Albert Brooks  a Jewish-American comedian  sent into India and Pakistan to find out what makes Muslims laugh.
References are made.
Brooks begins interviewing Indians and gathering material for the 500-page essay expected of him from the government.
He is aided.
Who was hired.
Brooks  interviews and a failed stand-up performance begin to attract the attention.
Who fear he is a spy.
The Indian government becomes even more paranoid  increasing border control.
When Brooks  unable to get a visa  illegally enters Pakistan to interview several fledgling Pakistani comedians.
This action causes alarm.
Who responds.
The American government orders Brooks to leave the country and return.
Tension grows.
It is later said.
The tension is resolved after they learn that everything was Brooks s fault.
It is also revealed.
Maya sent what was written to Washington.
It received no recognition.
<EOS>
A new law sends criminals to a virtual reality prison built by a shadowy corporation called Zircon based in Seattle.
Steven Falcon  the designer  realizes the dangers of it being overloaded and of hackers.
Who try to break in and steal files only to have the prisoners try to break out.
He becomes marked by his employers.
When Falcon threatens to quit the operation.
Who force him to enter the Maxtrix virtual reality/afterlife to find the source.
<EOS>
The story revolves.
He struggles to come with the rejection and estrangement of his father  a member of an upper caste.
Who disapproves.
Poor  unhappy  and stuck.
Provides no relief.
One night   his dance is witnessed.
Performing from the epic Mahabarata on stage.
Defying the norms  they have a son.
It soon becomes clear.
Subhadra loves the character Arjuna  and not Kunhikuttan the dancer.
More  she rejects him and refuses to let him see his son.
Denied access  and rejected by his father  Kunhikuttan returns to the stage  leaving behind his hero roles to play demonic characters  reaching within the dark corners of his mind  becoming increasingly resentful and full of anger  until one last dance to a stunning end.
Brings the feature.
<EOS>
The film follows the story.
Who leaves her home in order to perform.
She able to get hired.
Meets Cherry Blow  a party girl and gold digger.
Cherry dates one man  staying  upon.
His cash runs out.
She leaves.
One is Jack Chalvey.
Whom Cherry had dated from buying her so many things left him in debt.
Jack   reforms his life and also begins to have interest in her.
Who has become depressed and almost commits suicide.
However  Midge s own life becomes more complicated.
When her boyfriend comes to propose to her.
To make matters worse  the rich Henry Rockwell begins chasing.
<EOS>
A theft will happen in the city.
Which a girl dies.
The manager commits suicide  the robbery involves Raj Mohan and Kota Srinivas Rao.
Sundaram belongs.
Is effected.
The rest is all.
Sundaram faces the consequences.
Fun and thrilling suspense and an entertainer movie.
<EOS>
A plague known as male-itis has killed every fertile man on Earth over the age of.
Boys have been vaccinated.
They are all rendered sterile.
Womankind takes.
A woman becomes President.
Meanwhile  a female aviator  Gertie  flying finds smoke rising from the chimney of a cabin.
She discovers a reclusive hillbilly named Elmer Smith living there.
He is captured and examined.
All the women soon begin to fight over Smith.
This film emphasized two events still very memorable winning the right to vote in.
<EOS>
This film tells the story.
Who are longtime residents.
The group includes a good-hearted auto mechanic  a retired military officer and his wife  an emotionally volatile bachelor  and Galip  a hopeless romantic.
Who has corresponded for thirty-five years.
His friends make it their mission to reunite the pair.
When Galip vows to join her in Cuba.
<EOS>
An inexperienced young actress is invited to play a role based on Dostoyevsky s ` The Possessed.
The film director  a Czech immigrant  takes over her life.
She is unable to draw the line between acting and reality.
She winds up playing a real-life role posing.
Who is manipulated into committing a political assassination.
<EOS>
The film begins.
Lowell Thomas appears to discuss the evolution of motion picture entertainment  from the earliest cave paintings designed to suggest movement  up to the introduction of color and sound.
Thomas speaks the words.
This is Cinerama.
The screen expands.
A series begin.
The film includes scenes from Rockaways  Playland  then moves on to a scene of the temple dance from Aida  views of Niagara Falls  a performance by a church choir  a performance by the Vienna Boys  Choir  scenes of the canals of Venice  a military tattoo in Edinburgh  a bullfight  more from Aida  a sound demonstration in stereo  scenes from Cypress Gardens amusement park including a water skiing showWater skis  incidentally  having been first patented by Fred Waller  inventor of Cinerama.
The playing are shown from the nose of a low flying.
The producers were Thomas  Merian C.
Cooper  and Robert L.
Bendick  directed.
Cooper had long experience in cinema  including King Kong.
<EOS>
The plot unfolds differently.
A young woman is married to an older man.
A previous criminal is married to a Turkish immigrant to Germany  Ali Ozkan.
Who marries a woman named Laura.
Ali s wife starts an affair.
She is beaten.
Thomas came.
When he helped Ali after he crashed his car due.
Ali mistreated him as well.
He accepted a job proposal.
Violence starts.
The drama continues.
<EOS>
It is 1199 and Robin Longstride is a common archer the Lionheart s army.
A veteran  he now takes part in the siege against Chalus Castle.
Disillusioned and war-weary  he believes the King.
When he invites him to give an honest view.
Richard breaks his promise and has Robin and comrades taken prisoner to be judged.
Robin gives a frank but unflattering appraisal.
The betrayed men decide to free themselves and desert.
Allan ADayle  Will Scarlett  as well as soldier Little John  attempt to secretly return to their homeland after fighting abroad for the past 10 years.
They come across an ambush of the Royal guard by Sir Godfrey  an English knight collaborating with the French.
Philip II had ordered Sir Godfrey to assassinate Richard.
Having discovered  Sir Godfrey is chased off.
The King is already slain.
Aiming to return safely and richer in pocket than.
When they left it  Robin and his men steal the armour and  under the guise of noblemen  head for the English ships on the coast.
Robin promises one of the dying knights  Robert Loxley  to return a sword to the knight s father in Nottingham.
Robin is brought to London and chosen to inform the Royal family of the King s death.
He witnesses the coronation.
John orders harsh taxes to be collected  sending Sir Godfrey off to do so.
He has no idea.
Godfrey is a French agent who  using French troops  will use this Royal Decree to stir up enough unrest to cause civil war.
Robin and his companions head.
Where Loxley s elderly  blind father Sir Walter asks him to continue impersonating his son  in order to prevent the family lands being taken.
Loxley s widow  Lady Marian  is initially distrustful  but soon warms to him.
When he recovers taxed grain to plant.
Meanwhile  Godfrey s actions have stirred up the northern barons.
Who march to meet King John and demand the signing.
Having realized Godfrey s deception  and knowing  the King agrees.
He must reunite his people in order to meet an imminent French invasion.
A battle follows.
Which Robin and the northern barons attack Godfrey s men while the latter are ransacking Nottingham -- but not before Godfrey has slain the blind Sir Walter.
The film climaxes  opposed by an English army.
Marian attempts to kill Godfrey.
He gains the upper hand and prepares to kill her.
However  Robin intervenes.
Duels Godfrey himself.
The English are victorious.
Godfrey attempts to flee  but Robin shoots an arrow  from long distance.
Pierces straight.
He senses a major threat.
When King John sees the French surrendering.
Therefore   King John not only reneges on his promise to sign the Charter of the Forest  but also declares Robin to be an outlaw.
Robin moves to Sherwood Forest with Lady Marian and his friends to form.
What will become the Merry Men.
So   the legend begins.
The concluding scroll says.
<EOS>
The movie starts off.
He starts to hate his son and even leaves home.
The child grows up.
He lives.
Who love him so much.
Siva s brother s Krishna marriage gets fixed up.
Siva meets his father again.
His father still hates him and barely talks.
This really hurts Siva.
He tries to not keep it and just goes along.
He meets Aishwarya.
Who is his brother s.
These two lock horns.
Siva and Aishwarya develop feeling.
Time goes.
His father also starts to like him.
Unfortunately  Siva s marriage gets fixed up.
Now  Siva is scared to tell his father.
He loves Aishwarya  because he does nt want to break his father s trust.
Siva s grandfather Nagesh knows and even tries to convince his son to get them both married.
Nasser refuses.
Now  Siva is stuck.
But fate has some other games to play.
<EOS>
The commercial towing spaceship Nostromo is to Earth  hauling a refinery and twenty million tons of mineral ore  and carrying its seven-member crew in stasis.
The ship s computer awakens the crew.
The computer is referred to by the crew members as Mother.
An October 1979 issue Films magazine  as well as the back of the 1980 Fox videodisk of the film  explain 6000  the model of the computer.
Mother is an abbreviation.
The chapter list lists it as.
The 1997 sequel refer as Father.
Alien Resurrection  the fourth film  echoed this element by having the crew of the Auriga.
McIntee  25 .
Acting  the crew detaches the Nostromo from the refinery and lands on the planetoid  resulting in some damage to the ship.
Captain Dallas  Executive Officer Kane  and Navigator Lambert set out to investigate the signal s source.
Warrant Officer Ripley  Science Officer Ash  and Engineers Brett and Parker stay behind to monitor their progress and make repairs.
Dallas  Kane  and Lambert discover.
The signal is coming.
They find the remains of a large alien creature.
Whose ribs appear to have been forced outward.
Meanwhile  the Nostromo s computer partially deciphers the signal transmission.
Ripley determines to be some type.
Kane discovers a vast chamber containing numerous eggs.
Of which releases a creature that attaches itself.
Dallas and Lambert carry the unconscious Kane back.
Where Ash allows them.
They unsuccessfully attempt to remove the creature  discovering.
Its blood is an extremely corrosive acid.
Eventually the creature detaches and is found dead.
The crew resume their trip back to Earth.
Kane awakens seemingly unharmed  but before re-entering stasis  killing him and escaping into the ship.
He begins to choke and convulse until an alien creature bursts.
Lacking conventional weapons  the crew attempt to locate and capture the creature.
Brett follows the crew s cat.
Where the now-fully-grown Alien attacks him and disappears into the ship s air shafts.
Dallas enters the shafts intending to force the Alien.
Where it can be expelled.
It ambushes him.
Lambert implores the remaining crew members to escape.
Ripley   explains.
The shuttle will not support four people.
Accessing the ship s computer  Ripley discovers.
Ash has been ordered to return the Alien at the expense of the crew s lives.
Ash attacks her.
Parker intervenes and decapitates him  revealing Ash to be an android.
Ash predicts.
Parker incinerates him.
The other crew members will not survive.
The remaining three crew members plan to arm the Nostromo s self-destruct mechanism and escape.
Parker and Lambert are killed gathering the necessary supplies.
Ripley initiates the self-destruct sequence and heads  but finds the Alien blocking her way.
She unsuccessfully attempts to abort the self-destruct  then returns to find the Alien gone and narrowly escapes.
Ripley discovers.
She prepares to enter stasis.
The Alien is.
She puts and opens the hatch  causing explosive decompression.
Forces the Alien.
She shoots it.
Propels it out.
The gun is yanked in the closing door  tethering the Alien to the shuttle.
It attempts to crawl.
Ripley activates them and blasts the Alien.
She then puts herself and the cat.
<EOS>
Sarojini is a well-known danseuse.
Whose immense dedication permeates every aspect of her life.
She is less successful.
Honor and acclaim make way.
Her growing popularity leads.
Manish takes.
Sarojini remains busy.
Sarojini seems to find a replacement through dancing  however she is unsure.
Her blossoming career and success is really bringing her happiness.
The sudden demise forces Sarojini to put her daughter in a hostel.
The glittering memory of give her proper time results in Aditi s bitterness towards her mother.
The film begins.
She is now all grown up and on the verge.
The atmosphere is thick.
Shortly Sarojini is honored with a prestigious award.
It is the.
Her mother appears to have forgotten.
Misunderstanding and temperamental conflicts creates an air.
Aditi s prospective husband  Prosenjit Chatterjee dumps her soon after the public announcement of Sarojini s award.
Heartbroken  Aditi decides to attempt suicide.
Her mother finds out leading mother and daughter.
Gradually they unlock two decades and rancor  pain and bitterness to each other.
Untold facts finally get deciphered  misunderstandings clear out.
All hint.
<EOS>
The story is set.
Years after the story Is East.
Father George Khan is worried  so he decides to take him.
His youngest son  Sajid  now 15  is turning his back.
It was.
The movie is set.
The script was loosely based as a.
The Movie was a Box Office success generating a worldwide total.
It has a rating.
.
<EOS>
Danny OShea has always lived.
The brothers live.
Their hometown coaches the local Pee-Wee Cowboys football team.
Danny s tomboy daughter Becky  nicknamed Icebox  is cut during try outs.
She is a girl.
Also cut are Becky s less-talented friends  Rashid Hanon  Tad Simpson and Rudy Zolteck.
Who made the team.
Danny is reluctant to do so  but later accepts in an attempt to show Urbania capable of winning.
Kevin is not invincible  and that there is another OShea.
Kevin mockingly reminds him  they decide to have a playoff game to determine the lone team.
Will represent Urbania.
Danny also gathers other children and dubs the team the Little Giants.
Have never been given a chance.
One such player is Junior Floyd  a strong armed quarterback and son to Danny s childhood sweetheart  Patty.
Becky slowly develops a crush and struggles with her new found feelings as a girl.
Two old-timers  Orville and Wilbur  fan the flames by reporting to both Danny and Kevin.
A new star player  Spike Hammersmith  has just moved.
Danny succeeds.
He is the famous Coach OShea.
This is a problem.
Spike proves to be rude  arrogant  and refuses to play.
The deception is later discovered.
He switches over.
Kevin also encourages his own daughter  Debbie  to be a cheerleader and later convinces Becky.
A quarterback will want a girl  not a teammate.
Realizing  she decides to quit the team and pursue cheerleading.
It is her best chance to win.
A bus arrives carrying John Madden  Emmitt Smith  Bruce Smith  Tim Brown  and Steve Emtman.
As Danny s Little Giants start to lose hope.
The NFL stars teach and inspire the young players.
They can win.
Kevin chastises Danny into making an impulsive bet.
He gets Kevin s Chevrolet dealership   he gets Danny s gas station.
Danny wins.
Kevin wins.
Facing a 21-point halftime deficit  the Giants are lifted.
When Danny asks them to individually recall a time when they had a proud accomplishment and reassures them that all it takes is one time to beat the Cowboys.
The Giants begin to make a big comeback with a series of outstanding and unexpected plays.
Realizing  Spike   injures him by spearing him with his helmet after the whistle.
Junior is the main threat.
Even Kevin considers disgraceful  unsportsmanlike conduct.
Witnessing  an enraged Becky drops her pompoms and suits up for the game.
She immediately makes an impact.
When she forces a fumble.
Other Giants make touchdowns with overcoming personal problems  such as one player overcoming his fear of dropping passes and making a completion  or another one running towards the goal line.
When his little-seen dad has come to watch him play.
The Giants make a goal line stand on 4th down and stop Spike.
Their offense step back onto the field and use a trick play.
Nubie calls The Annexation.
Kevin shouts.
It occurs  shouting Fumblerooski  Fumblerooski.
Afterwards  Danny says.
Rather than have the Giants solely represent Urbana  he will merge the Cowboys and that both he and Kevin can coach the team.
He and Patty rekindle their childhood romance.
He agrees not to hold Kevin.
The Urbana water tower be changed to Home of The OShea Brothers  reflecting a much earlier promise of Kevin to Danny from their childhood that one day both their names would be on it.
<EOS>
The film opens.
Who eventually became a member.
Who had an unconsummated ` love affair   after hearing of his newly developed talking cure -LRB- Breuer was a friend of Sigmund Freud.
The two meet.
A reluctant and troubled Breuer agrees  to cure the intense migraine attacks  cure the despair.
Plague Nietzsche  and at the same time.
Her refusal has inflicted upon him.
Salome has persuaded Dr Overbeck to send him  however  Nietzsche offers no support to Breuer  so the course of treatment must end.
An encounter with a mistreated horse causes Nietzsche to redeem his appointment with Breuer.
Nietzsche later visits.
A whorehouse  where he has another attack  exacerbated by the overuse of a sleeping draught.
Nietzsche decides.
He will   leave for Basel.
Meanwhile  an up and coming psychologist Sigmund Freud  friend  suggests.
If Breuer was to make some confession  he may stop seeing any positive sentiment shown as being a bid for power  and indulge in confessions of his own.
So   Breuer makes the suggestion.
The next time they met.
While he treats Nietzsche s body  Nietzsche must treat Breuer that he feels after falling in love with one of his patients  Bertha Pappenheim  otherwise known as Anna O.
A famous case which was discussed by Breuer and Freud  later on.
The confessions lead.
Becoming friends  but not before the film has explored a great deal.
Breuer s anguish is explored by means of his highly symbol-laden dreams  thus showing the importance of interpretation as a stepping stone in.
What would constitute Freud s approach.
The film is host  Josef and Mathilde Breuer  Friedrich Nietzsche  Lou Salome  Sigmund Freud  Bertha Pappenheim  Paul Ree as well as references to Franz Overbeck  and the music of the composer  Richard Wagner.
<EOS>
Mary Howard is a novelist  and is in love with her publisher  Rogers Woodruff.
She decides the only logical thing to do.
Is to lure him away and marry him.
Mary s friend  Jimmy  however  is convinced.
He s the right man and pursues her.
He sees and decides to throw Mary and Woodruff s wife Claire together at the house of a friend.
The two women do not know each other.
Mary appreciates and respects Claire s maturity and wisdom.
She realizes.
When she learns Woodruff is a philandering womanizer.
She can not love him and welcomes Jimmy s attentions.
<EOS>
Highly skilled engineer Jan Rudinski comes to install new heavy equipment.
He asks his pretty blond hairdresser Rajka.
She knows where he can get a room.
She does.
Where she also lives.
She soon starts flirting.
Also fending off the advances.
Mine worker Barbulovic gets into one mess after another.
He is arrested.
Which the singer  Fatima  is stabbed.
He is released  and complains to his manager about his docked pay  to no avail.
She discovers.
When his wife returns home.
Three are missing.
She accuses him.
She attacks her rival.
When she sees the other woman wearing one at the market.
They are taken  but let go with some advice.
Rajka invites Jan to sleep with her.
The middle-aged man hesitates  concerned  but soon gives in.
They are happy together.
He will be leaving soon  he tells her.
He will take her.
Rajka s parents return and learn  whereupon they berate the couple.
What has been going on.
Jan is asked to complete his work.
The plant can be part.
A government representative comes to present him with a medal for his long exemplary service.
When he drives his crew to finish the job as requested.
Jan is puzzled.
When Rajka does not show up.
She  it turns out  has succumbed.
Jan asks her afterward.
She has another lover.
He asks  she answers 20 or 22  but claims.
When she is evasive.
Old his rival is.
It does not matter.
This does not appease his anger.
She flees.
<EOS>
A 17 year old girl faces and overcomes hardship with the discovery of the mother and with her love for a hobbled horse named Rainbow.
She never knew.
<EOS>
Nivedyam tells the life.
Who is an outspoken Brahmin guy who is presently to keep his family composed of his widowed mother and sister.
He is the son.
K  a famous dramatist.
Who fought.
He left his traditions to find better jobs to maintain his family intact.
Mohana Krishnan managed to study all arts and crafts till his Plus Two  but as his family s prospects fell on his shoulders.
Forwarded.
Who happens to meet him.
Who was a dear student.
<EOS>
This tale is based.
Novgorod s merchants are feasting.
A young gusli player named.
Sadko is bragging that he can bring a sweet-voiced bird of happiness.
But the merchants are ridiculing him.
Nevertheless  Sadko sets off.
He is offered help - she is mesmerized by Sadko s singing and is in love with him.
The hero is destined to visit many lands.
He will come.
But only  would Sadko realize you were born in.
There is no better land.
And so there is no need to go far.
<EOS>
Aspiring script writer Ajay lives in Mumbai with his parents  good friends and their daughter Jia.
Whom he is.
The family is also.
Ajay is frustrated.
He is not able to get any good offers.
Luck knocks.
When one day Sharad tells him that a group are interested in his work.
Ajay devises an impressive script and sells it to the four of them.
Pleased  Jiya agrees to marry Ajay.
Call it fortune or Coincidence  Ajay s plot matches with that of a real one in the city.
He even manages to crack the Real password.
Guards an expensive necklace called Nakshatra.
The Nakshatra is stolen.
The blame falls.
The police receive information and think that he is the mastermind.
He gets arrested by investigating crime branch officer Gupte.
The police van is attacked by goons.
Ajay is set free.
Ajay is now.
He lands up.
Who takes care for awhile.
Then he proceeds incognito.
Gupte is convinced.
Ajay is the robber as he has escaped  and goes about investigating the case and catch him.
Now Ajay tries to find the producers.
Who hatched the plot n the first place.
He manages to locate them but unfortunately someone would be following Ajay s steps and kills each.
He can get them to talk.
<EOS>
A financially strained  aging private detective named and is barely active.
Ira Wells is nt a well man.
He is a loner.
Who does nt much care.
Ira feels.
When his ex-partner Harry Regan  however  shows up.
It s up to get to the bottom of it.
The trail leads Ira.
Whose young bodyguard Lamar is only too happy to rough up the old man when Ira pays a call.
But they make a mistake.
Who ends up paying Lamar back as well as tracking down Birdwell s missing wife.
Meanwhile  a would-be client named.
Margo Sperling is introduced by a mutual acquaintance  Charlie Hatter  a tipster.
Margo is a quirky individual but just her missing cat.
Who acts  sells marijuana on the side and wants to hire Ira to find not a murderer.
Ira and Margo hit it off.
They get to know each other.
She offers to become his new partner.
But first they need to deal.
<EOS>
The film is the third chapter.
Began and continued with In the Mood for Love.
There are four main story arcs.
Three are with women.
He meets.
The first concerns Chow and Wang Jing Wen  the second is.
The third is.
Who is also named Su.
The fourth takes place and concerns a Japanese passenger falling in love with an android.
Typical  the arcs are presented in pieces and in non-chronological order.
The approximate order is listed below.
2047 arc part I This section is the only part narrated and not Chow himself.
Set  a huge rail network connects the planet.
The world is a vast dystopia.
Lonely souls called.
All try to reach a mysterious place.
Order to recapture lost loves.
Nothing ever changes  so there is never loss or sadness.
No one has ever returned except the protagonist  a lonely Japanese man named Tak.
Tak is.
The story begins.
All Memories Are Traces As Chow Mo-Wan s life is revisited  we learn.
He is still struggling to get over the loss.
He returns after being in Singapore for a number of years to try to forget his anguish.
To cover up his pain  he becomes a suave ladies  man.
Chow attends many lavish parties and beds many women.
Chow meets Lulu from the first film.
Whom he remembers  although she has no recollection of him.
That night  Chow Mo-wan takes Lulu home.
She is quite drunk  but accidentally keeps her room key.
He notices.
He leaves.
Her room number is 2046  the same room number that he and Su Li Zhen had when they conducted their private affair.
The landlord informs Chow.
The room is not available due.
The landlord offers him the adjacent room.
Chow later learns.
Lulu was stabbed the night before by a jealous boyfriend.
Chow agrees to rent room.
The landlord asks Chow.
The renovation is complete.
He wants to move in.
However  he has gotten used to room 2047 and decides to stay there.
The rooms 2046 and 2047 are connected  Chow regularly watches and gets involved with the people.
Move. 
Wang Jing Wen and Wang Jie Wen arc part I.
The first person that moves next door is the landlord s daughter  Wang Jing Wen.
Chow spends a good deal just observing her from his room.
He learns.
She has a Japanese boyfriend working.
Unfortunately  the relationship is forbidden.
Eventually  Wang breaks up  then suffers a breakdown and is institutionalised.
Afterwards  the next tenant is the younger daughter.
Moves. 
She is young  attractive  and flirtatious.
She frequently tries to seduce him.
He refuses each time.
A short time later  Chow runs  and stops going out.
To make some extra money  he starts to write a science fiction series called.
The story is set  about a group of heart sick individuals looking for love.
The only place to find it is.
Virtually all are based on people  such as Su Li-Zhen  Lulu  or Wang Jing Wen.
Chow has met.
Is never explicitly defined.
Whether 2046 is a place  a room  or a state.
Chow makes the story somewhat bizarre and erotic.
Readers seem to take notice.
Bai Ling arc part I.
The third person to move is the coquettish Bai Ling.
She wears similar qipao dresses but radiates a much more aggressive sensuality than her.
It is implied.
It is never explicitly stated.
She is a nightclub girl who occasionally doubles.
However  she is intent.
Bai tells the man  he must end his relationship with the other woman.
When Chow overhears her arguing.
To continue seeing her.
Chow again spends a lot.
Bai runs into Chow.
After she is dumped before they are to go to Singapore.
Chow suggests.
They go.
Chow tells Bai about his experiences in Singapore.
She is intrigued.
She agrees to try to form a platonic friendship with him by borrowing time from each other.
Their brief friendship does not last however.
They soon develop carnal lust.
Not surprisingly  Chow wants to keep the relationship strictly physical  he continues to pick up other prostitutes.
To compromise  Bai soon develops a compensation system.
Where he pays her 10 Hong Kong dollars each time he stays over.
However  Bai finds.
She has feelings.
She asks him to discontinue seeing other women.
Chow refuses and gives a counter offer  the option to be his customer each night.
Bai is crushed and breaks things off.
Bai then descends into seeing men exclusively for money  frequently changing partners.
A short while later  she moves out.
Wang Jin Wen moves back after returning from the mental hospital.
Jing Wen part II After Bai Ling moves out.
She is a shell  and still very depressed over the loss of her Japanese boyfriend.
Her ex writes numerous letters.
She refuses due.
Wang passes the time.
She also starts to spend more and more time.
He is regularly publishing chapters of.
These scenes are very similar.
When Su Li-Zhen used to help Chow in their hotel room.
Chow remarks.
This period is the happiest that he has been after Su.
However   he develops feelings.
He realises it.
He makes some minor attempts to start a romance.
Nothing develops.
She is still very much with the Japanese man.
One day Wang Jin Wen asks Chow rhetorically.
Some things never change.
He answers her.
A Japanese man leaves the world of 2046  but falls in love on the journey home.
He realises.
He initially tried to base the story.
The story is ultimately.
2047 arc part II Chow s fictional world is revisited.
However  this time it is narrated.
Set  for passengers to reach or leave 2046 they must take a long journey on a vast train network.
The main character  Tak is trying to leave.
He lost the love in that world.
Tak becomes intimate and later falls in love with her.
The train travels.
He then asks her numerous times to come.
However  each time the android does not answer.
Tak has heard earlier.
Excessive operation causes the android s response time to slow down and decides to wait.
He sits quietly  and counts the seconds  hoping.
Go. 
The android will decide to leave.
However  the android still does not respond.
Ultimately  Tak realises.
It is not a delayed reaction that causes that android not to respond  but that she is and that their relationship is simply not meant to be.
He finally has the strength to leave the train and.
Completing the story marks a turning point.
Wang Jing Wen part III Next Christmas  Chow invites Wang Jing Wen out.
She still misses her ex.
That she can call him to wish him well.
Looking sadly  Chow remarks.
Wang Jing Wen is overjoyed talking.
1224-1225 from the story are simply the dates for Christmas Eve and Christmas Day when everyone is especially lonely and needs additional love.
He goes on to say.
While he had feelings  and most likely could have taken advantage of the situation he was happy that in this situation he did the right thing.
The call re-ignites the romance.
Soon afterward  Wang Jing Wen moves and gets engaged.
A short while later   Chow runs.
Still feeling depressed.
As she has a violent confrontation.
This incident is identical.
Occurred when she confronted the original Su Li-Zhen for sleeping with Yuddy.
Chow remarks.
Lulu  is likely to forever remain living.
However  he then remarks.
This is not really a sad thing.
She seems perfectly content to be miserable.
The incident strengthens Chow s resolve to get.
Bai Ling arc part II Some time later  Chow gets a call.
The two go out.
This time  Bai looks much less glamorous and more.
She informs Chow.
She plans to leave  and asks him to provide a reference and plane fare.
She also asks.
Where he was last Christmas  as she stopped by  and was hoping to see him.
She remarks.
She really misses him.
It turns out   Chow had gone back to Singapore in an attempt to find a former lover  another woman named Su.
Su Li-Zhen Arc Chronologically  this arc occurs first.
Chow met the second Su Li-Zhen some years.
When he first arrived.
He was still grieving over losing the original Su Li-Zhen and spending much of his free time in the local casinos.
He encounters the second Su Li-Zhen  a mysterious gambler.
They become lovers.
He soon wants to know everything.
But she insists.
He beat her before she will reveal anything about her past  which he never is able to do.
Eventually  she agrees to help him win back his money.
That he can return.
He prepares to leave  and asks her to go.
When she does so.
Again  she challenges him.
He again loses.
Knowing little  Chow speculates.
She   has a troubled past.
Initially heartbroken  he remarks he finally understands.
After he completes the story .
The second Su Li-Zhen did not go.
He would again have tried to recapture the past.
He does not find her.
When Chow went back to visit her the second time.
He makes some inquiries.
She either returned or was killed.
Bai Ling arc part III  Chow again meets Bai Ling for dinner.
She boards a plane.
Bai remarks.
One of her clients has given her a lot of money.
She wants to pay Chow back immediately.
He refuses to take the money.
Bai insists.
Chow is stunned.
When she hands him a stack.
Bai tells Chow to pay   she sadly watches behind the restaurant s green window veils.
Unbeknownst. 
Chow walks her back to her apartment.
Grasping his hands  she begs him to lend his time to her once more and spend the night.
She then asks him.
Ca nt it be.
He exits in voiceover.
This was the last time he ever saw her.
He leaves.
The camera slowly enters a whispering hole.
<EOS>
The film is set.
It follows the adventures.
Who is engaged to be married.
He is the ` big man of his group of friends.
Buster  though  is different.
Buster s friends  being sexually repressed  often visit a girl.
Who dourly gives them what they want.
Buster becomes disenchanted with Margie s refusal to have sex with him  and begins seeing Billie in secret.
He sees Billie just for sex  but eventually finds himself falling in love with her.
Buster is so taken.
He decides to break off his engagement to be with Billie.
Billie finds another lease with Buster.
They are happy.
Happiness  though  is.
Buster s friends are extremely jealous.
They can not have Billie anymore  and decide to teach Buster a lesson.
They corner Billie one day.
When she is out.
They rape and kill her.
When she refuses to submit.
Buster eventually finds her dead  and is hysterical.
He then goes.
Where his friends are  on the faces of the main perpetrators of the crime.
Enraged  Buster kills two  while injuring the other two.
He is then put  but is released.
He rips up entire garden beds  and takes these flowers to Billie s graveside in her memory.
<EOS>
A man is bitten to death by a snake.
The special services and the media congregate but are only able to find a few snakes.
Later  a group invade the building  a young landlady Panin  her aunt Pai.
Threatens the lives.
Who has set up a snake shrine  Panin s doctor ex-boyfriend Sadayu  his younger brother Vick  snake specialist Chai  airline stewardess Jan  three rock musicians  three teenagers  plus two-timing husband Ponnapa  his wife Mon and their young daughter Kij.
Along is a TV reporter Paai.
Who is secretly sending out clips through her mobile phone.
<EOS>
The Teutonic Knights massacre a village of supposed witches and build the titular structure over their dead bodies.
Flash forward.
Where an assorted group are visiting the church.
The malevolent spirits attack the tourists.
When the seal is inadvertently broken.
Father Gus and Lotte  the Sacristan s daughter  must try to combat this evil force.
It is unleashed.
<EOS>
Dexter Reilly and his friends attend small  private Medfield College.
Can not afford to buy a computer.
The students persuade wealthy businessman A.
J.
Arno to donate an old computer.
Arno is the secret head.
Used the computer.
Reilly receives an electric shock and becomes a human computer.
Installing a replacement part.
He now has superhuman mathematical talent  can read and remember the contents in a few minutes  and speak a language fluently after reading one textbook.
His new abilities make Reilly a worldwide celebrity  and Medfield s best chance to win a televised quiz tournament.
Reilly single-handedly leads Medfield s team.
A trigger word causes Reilly to unknowingly recite on television details of Arno s gambling ring.
Arno s henchmen kidnap Reilly and plan to kill him.
His friends help him escape.
Dexter suffers a concussion which   gradually returns his mental abilities to normal.
Medfield wins the $ 100000 prize  and A.
J.
Arno is arrested.
<EOS>
Amelia  a girl  decides to go abroad and find her fortune and also help her family.
She becomes a maid.
Is running out  for the wife of the Sheikh is giving birth to a child.
The newborn child is a son named Ahmed.
The Sheikh s wife asks Amelia to take care.
Which she agrees.
Amelia grows fond  teaching him to speak Tagalog and play tumbang preso.
Amelia s life has improved.
Unfortunately  a war is coming.
The royal family is forced to leave the palace.
They are attacked.
Some and even the wife of the Sheikh are killed.
When the palace is attacked.
Amelia and Ahmed manage to escape and  with the help of Boyong the driver  go to a faraway place to hide.
One day  men riding take Ahmed away from Amelia.
Amelia returns home.
Where she starts her own business and lives a good life.
Later she learns.
The men who took Ahmed away were.
Years later  someone calls her Yaya.
She sees Ahmed.
Who has fully grown up.
The film ends in Amelia s house.
The shy Boyong even gives Amelia a gold necklace.
He never had the chance to.
<EOS>
A nine-time NHL.
Who   headed up a small group of players in a battle to protect the rights of players against monopolistic NHL owners of the 1950s era  including Bruce Norris of the Detroit Red Wings  Conn Smythe of the Toronto Maple Leafs and James D.
Norris Hawks as well as NHL president  Clarence Campbell.
The film focusses.
Lindsay s efforts would ultimately result.
<EOS>
A squatter settlement in South Africa  a group of HIV-infected former sex-workers  created.
A network called Tapologo.
They learned to nurse their community  transforming degradation into hope.
Catholic bishop Kevin Dowling participates  and raises doubts on the official doctrine of the Catholic Church regarding AIDS and sexuality in the African context.
<EOS>
Set  the local community is enraged.
When a retailer is granted permission to build their supermarket complex.
A crate is discovered washed up.
One makes tea out of it.
Some together to create a herbal-tea cottage industry as a way to raise funds to fight the retailer.
The tea proves incredibly popular.
The elderly are finding a new lease of life.
Unfortunately  there are.
<EOS>
The Knuckles Brothers Show  a carnival sideshow  pulls into another in a long series of small towns  only to be plagued by a killer.
<EOS>
The movie was billed.
Jasper Hugh Lovel is sent at Norfolk Island for a crime.
He did not commit.
A woman.
Who loves him.
They are reunited.
<EOS>
Sam Bisbee is a small-town glazier.
Who s always trying to get rich quick.
His schemes are driving his wife crazy.
His attempt to demonstrate it is ruined.
When he invents an unbreakable glass windshield.
When his car gets switched.
The brick smashes the windshield to pieces.
He throws.
Bisbee considers suicide  but instead rescues a pretty young woman.
Who he believe is trying to kill herself.
It turns out.
The woman is really Princess Lescaboura.
Their friendship bring social success.
<EOS>
Adele August is an eccentric woman.
Who   leaves a small Wisconsin town and moves to Beverly Hills to realize her dreams.
She may not know.
What those dreams are herself.
Adele is confused and always tries to deal.
She buys things.
She ca nt afford.
Her more practical daughter is upset.
When she does this.
Adele improvises.
When living.
She wants her daughter to become an actress.
Ann is much more interested.
She accepts her daughter s plans and decides to help her.
Adele fails.
<EOS>
Neena is travelling.
They decide to stay overnight at a lodge.
Another lodger  Kumar  finds their presence undesirable and asks the caretaker to get the surprised group to leave.
The caretaker explains.
Kumar is mentally unstable and.
Kumar and Neena fall in love and express their desire to get married.
But subsequently Neena and her mother discover some intimate photographs and a young woman named Kamo alias Kamini.
<EOS>
The story is.
Was the main overland route from Missouri to the Pacific Northwest.
Breck Coleman is a young trapper.
Who just got back from his travels near Santa Fe  seeking to avenge the death of an old trapper friend who was killed the winter before along the Santa Fe Trail for his furs  by Red Flack and his minion Lopez.
Coleman sees Flack and suspects him right away as being one of the killers.
Flack likewise suspects Coleman.
Who knows too much.
Coleman is asked to scout their caravan west.
Declines   owned.
He learns that Flack and Lopez were just hired to boss a bull train along the as-yet-unblazed Oregon Trail to a trading post north of Oregon.
Coleman agrees to scout  so he can keep an eye on the villains and kill them as soon.
They reach their destination.
The caravan would follow Wellmore s ox-drawn train of Conestoga Wagons  as the first major group of settlers to move west on the Oregon Trail.
The action takes place.
Ruth tells Honey Girl.
There are 26 stars  dating the movie between Jan.
.
This is historically accurate.
The first major wave was in.
Coleman finds love.
Whom he d kissed accidentally  mistaking her.
Unwilling to accept her attraction  Ruth gets rather close to a gambler acquaintances of Flack s  Thorpe.
Who joined the trail.
Coleman and Flack have to lead the settlers west.
Flack does everything he can to have Coleman killed before he finds any proof.
The three villains  main reason is to avoid the hangman s noose for previous crimes.
All three receive frontier justice instead.
The settlers trail ends.
Where Coleman and Ruth finally settle down together amidst giant redwoods.
<EOS>
Alfred Byrne is a closeted homosexual bus conductor.
His sister tries to find him a suitable woman.
His real passion is putting.
The film deals  and.
They are affected.
<EOS>
Charlie Davis runs his own island with a literal whip hand making his income as a marijuana grower  exporter and gunrunner.
He hires a female entertainer to amuse the clients.
Charlie s world falls apart.
When one is an undercover narcotics investigator.
The trouble escalates.
<EOS>
Roland is the 12-year-old son  coming of age in 1920s Stockholm.
He has become an outcast to those around him  a constant target of bullying by his peers  and often humiliated and physically punished by a sadistic schoolteacher in front of classmates.
Roland steals condoms from his mother s tobacco shop inventory and turns them into crude slingshot weapons.
He also falls with a neighborhood girl.
He also allies and inadvertently makes himself a juvenile offender.
Roland attempts to toughen up and improve his troubled life.
<EOS>
Time-Displaced astronaut Taylor and the mute Nova are riding on horseback through the desert of the Forbidden Zone.
Fire shoots up from the ground and deep chasms open.
Confused  Taylor investigates a cliff wall and disappears before Nova s eyes.
A second spaceship has crash landed after being sent to search for Taylor and his crew.
It has traveled into Earth s distant future.
However  surviving astronaut Brent believes.
He has traveled.
He encounters Nova and notices she is wearing Taylor s dog tags.
Hoping Taylor is still alive  he rides to Ape City.
Where he is shocked to discover the simian civilization.
He observes the gorilla General Ursus leading a rally calling to conquer the Forbidden Zone and use it as a potential food source  against the objections of the orangutan Dr Zaius.
Brent is wounded and taken by Nova to the home of the chimpanzees Cornelius and Zira.
Who treat his wound and tell him with Taylor.
The humans hide.
When Dr Zaius arrives and announces that he will accompany Ursus.
Attempting to flee the city  Brent and Nova are captured.
Ursus orders they be used.
Zira helps them escape.
They hide  making.
Brent soon discovers is the ruins.
Him realize that he has travelled to Earth s post-apocalyptic future.
Brent begins to hear voices telling him to kill Nova.
Entering the remains.
Patrick s Cathedral  he finds a population.
Who worship an ancient nuclear bomb.
Brent and Nova are captured and telepathically interrogated.
Brent reveals.
The apes are marching.
The telepaths attempt to repel the apes.
They had done.
Dr Zaius sees  and leads the ape army to the ruined city.
The telepaths plan to detonate their Divine Bomb as a last resort.
They hold a religious ceremony.
Which they remove their masks.
They have been grotesquely mutated to nuclear fallout.
Brent is separated and taken to a cell.
Where he finds Taylor.
The mutant Ongaro uses his telepathic powers to force Brent and Taylor to fight each other.
Nova escapes her guard and runs  screaming her first word  Taylor.
They then overpower and kill him.
Brent describes the bomb.
The mutants worship and Taylor recognizes it  capable.
The apes invade the subterranean city  killing Nova and making their way.
They are confronted.
Who raises the bomb before being gunned down.
Brent and Taylor attempt to stop Ursus.
Taylor is shot.
Brent manages to kill Ursus.
The mortally wounded Taylor pleads for help.
Zaius refuses  saying.
Man is only capable.
Taylor brings his hand down on the activation switch  triggering the bomb and wiping out all life on Earth.
<EOS>
Jack Beauregard is a tired  aging legendary gunslinger.
Who just wants to retire to get away from young gunmen constantly trying to test themselves against the master.
The film opens.
The barber s son asks his father.
Beauregard has dispatched them.
There is anyone than Beauregard  to which the barber replies Faster than him.
The Wild Bunch are a gang.
Who launder their loot.
The owner sends them.
The latter s now-dead brother was.
Nobody dogs Beauregard  encountering many.
Who wish him dead  and pesters him to let him stage his grand finale.
Eventually  the grand shoot-out does take place.
Nobody arranges to shoot at the Wild Bunch s mirrored-concho-decorated saddles.
He s discovered  contain sticks  thus letting a few good shots eliminate many of the men.
To escape  the two board a train that Nobody has stolen.
Finally  Nobody fakes a very public showdown  killing him and allowing him to slip away quietly.
A street sign  marking  says Nobody Was Faster.
Where the gunfight took place.
Beauregard boards a boat.
Nobody takes up his own life.
<EOS>
Set during feudal times  Devdas is the story of a doomed love affair between Devdas  son of the local zamindar  a high-caste Brahmin  and Parvati  the daughter of their neighbour  also a Brahmin.
Belonging. 
They grow up.
Devdas  father puts his foot down  packing his younger son off for higher studies.
When they decide to marry.
Parvati s marriage is finalized with children older than his young second wife.
Learning  Devdas rushes back to his village and tries to stop it  in vain.
Parvati is prepared to elope  Devdas refuses and Parvati leaves his room in the middle of the night  castigating him for his cowardice.
Chunilal introduces him to an attractive and strong-willed courtesan  Chandramukhi  and initiates Devdas into the darker corridors of the city.
Devdas finds an easy escape.
He keeps coming back for moral support.
He insists that he hates Chandramukhi.
Chandramukhi falls with him.
He meets Parvati once more.
When he returns.
He bequeaths his share to his older brother  ear-marking a part of it for his mother during her lifetime.
Parvati pleads to give up drinking.
He evades a direct reply and instead promises to see her at least one last time.
He dies.
Back  he drowns himself in drink.
Chandramukhi gives up the life and concentrates on nursing Devdas back to health.
He gives up drinking and is advised to go on a holiday.
He embarks across the country  destination unknown.
He stealthily runs away one night  leaving his faithful family retinue Dharamdas.
When he chances.
He treks along to see Parvati one last time.
He dies a tragic and painful death.
Parvati can see him.
<EOS>
Milton Parker  an elderly and eccentric game inventor  dies after losing a video game with his seductive nurse.
The Sunday morning and estranged relatives show up at his mansion for the reading of his will.
Where his lawyer Charles Bernstein stipulates that the winner of an elaborate scavenger hunt will inherit his $ 200 million estate.
The various beneficiaries form.
Five teams and each team gets involved.
The five teams consist.
The servants  French cook Henri  manservant Jenkins  limo driver Jackson  and dull-witted French maid Babbette.
Dim-witted taxi driver Marvin Dummittz.
Parker s greedy widowed sister Mildred Carruthers  her greedy attorney Stewart Sellsome  and her spoiled  man-child son Georgie.
Nephews Kenny & Jeff Stevens  and Lisa  Carruthers .
The five groups are given five lists containing simple and easy clues to acquire 100 items.
The items are to be acquired.
The winner will be the person or team.
Acquires the most points.
M. 
That very day.
Is a series.
What follows.
Each attempts to acquire the various items.
Mildred  Stewart and Georgie s adventure has them trying to win a stuffed toy bear  trying to haul a heavy safe out of Stewart s office building  stealing the false teeth of a local Native American as well as resorting to stealing other people s items.
Stewart also gets roughed up gang members  led by a burly guy named Scum after attempting to steal a stuffed fox tail from one of the bikers  motorcycles.
The servants  adventure has them trying to steal a toilet  partaking in a robbery at a local convenience store to steal a cash register  and getting locked in a university laboratory to steal a microscope.
Kenny  Jeff and Lisa s adventure has them borrowing items  recruiting an obese man named Duane as an item.
They soon discard him and pick up another obese person  and borrowing a bulletproof vest  acquiring laughing gas  stealing a uniform from a local motorcycle cop  and getting stuck in a locker room during a major league football game after trying to steal a football helmet.
Marvin Dummittz  adventure has him trying unsuccessfully to steal a Rolls Royce front grill and getting run.
Marvin teams up named Sam.
Who catches him attempting to steal a bridal dress.
Marvin tells him.
Sam agrees to help.
Together they try to steal a knight s suit from a local museum  with Marvin dressing up as a mummy and Sam putting the suit on.
He gets knocked out.
The Mildred-Stewart-Georgie team steal him.
Marvin teams up.
Henry Motley s adventure has him attempting to make his unruly kids proud by trying to acquire a beehive  a life preserver  and a parachute.
Motley tries to get a medicine ball and tries to impress the instructor Lars.
Gets Motley thrown out after he finally attempts to catch a medicine ball thrown to him.
Each of the five teams steals an ostrich from the San Diego Zoo  much to the dismay of the bewildered zookeeper.
It all leads.
Kenny win the scavenger hunt.
They haul all their items.
It ends.
Lisa.
Who decide to share their new wealth.
<EOS>
Class president Nova has been planning the school s prom.
She and her friends  Mei  Ali  Brandon  and Rolo have created the perfect decorations.
They store.
Nova   hopes.
Who has a crush.
He will ask her to prom.
Meanwhile  Lloyd  the invisible guy  is complaining about prom to his stepsister  Tess.
He has no date.
She encourages him to just ask someone.
Elsewhere  Tyler is confronted by his girlfriend  Jordan.
Who assumes he is cheating.
He assures.
Her this is not the case.
Jordan believes him.
Bad boy Jesse Richter has been missing school lately and showing other unacceptable behaviour.
Principal Dunnan has a talk  but is not satisfied with Jesse s attitude.
Mei learns.
She has been accepted.
She is stressed and becomes irritable as prom approaches.
She agrees to go.
Sophomore Lucas is attracted.
Who he tries to get.
That night  Tyler takes Jordan.
He has decorated.
She agrees.
However  they forget to put out a single candle.
When they leave the shed.
The shed catches fire and burns down.
The next day  a devastated Nova  and only three weeks to prom  asks her friends for extra help to pull the dance off.
They all back out  each listing their own reason.
Principal Dunnan  seeing her dilemma  has an idea  and forces Jesse to help her.
He wo nt graduate.
They comply anyway.
Nova and Jesse both are unhappy.
Lloyd is having trouble finding a date  even with the help of his sister.
Lloyd loses confidence and becomes frustrated.
One thing goes wrong.
Brandon shows up at Nova s house to tell her.
He can not take her to prom  and that she will have to find another date.
Nova and Jesse grow closer while working together.
The date becomes closer.
Tyler invites Lucas to the team barbecue  and tells him to invite a girl.
Lucas decides to ask Simone.
She agrees.
Tyler tries to make a move on Simone  only to be rejected by her.
It is made clear.
They have a history.
Simone tells Lucas.
If she had known it was Tyler s barbecue  she would not have come.
One night  Nova finds out.
The neighboring high school has the same theme.
Jesse suggests they take his motorcycle to go check.
She agrees.
However  they are caught.
Who call Nova s parents.
Nova s father is infuriated and insults him.
Mei s attitude is becoming worse and worse.
Justin believes.
She does not want to go to prom.
He calls the date off.
Mei is left feeling very uncomfortable.
Lucas blows off Corey to spend more time with Simone  and asks her to study for the upcoming test with him  to.
She agrees.
However   Simone is stopped.
She is about to go.
Who convinces her to talk.
He tells her.
Jordan sees the two talking and immediately grasps the situation.
Nova apologizes to Jesse for her dad s behavior.
Later  she takes him dress shopping.
Back  Simone apologizes to Lucas for having ditched him.
She has a surprise  tickets.
Where Stick Hippo is opening.
Lucas wants to take Simone  much to Corey s dismay.
Jordan dumps Tyler  and decides to go to prom alone.
This prompts him to ask Simone.
Is the same night.
She agrees.
Simone tells Lucas.
She is sorry.
She can not go.
Mei apologizes for her behavior and tells him the truth.
She is going.
He is proud.
They agree.
They should still go to prom together.
Lloyd spots Lucas sitting  looking dejected.
He learns his situation  and tells Lucas his own mistake.
Lloyd tells Lucas.
If he really loves Simone  he should tell her.
Two nights  Nova  Ali  and Mei are in Nova s room  talking.
Nova confesses.
She has feelings.
The next day  Nova s father tells Jesse.
He can not ask Nova to prom.
He is bringing her down.
That afternoon  Jesse is unusually hostile.
Night  Lucas climbs a tree to reach Simone s window.
He tells her.
He feels and begs her not to go to prom.
She goes anyway.
Disappointed  Lucas realizes.
What a bad friend he has been  and offers him the other concert ticket.
The two head off to see their favorite band happily.
Nova is heartbroken  and refuses to pose for the camera in her prom dress.
Her father  worried  explains.
He was the one who told Jesse not to ask her to prom.
Angered  Nova storms out.
Meanwhile   it is revealed.
He is taking his sister.
His mother has a talk with him.
He realizes.
He should still take Nova to prom.
Tyler leads Simone into the building  and almost immediately abandons her.
Simone finds out.
It was actually Jordan who dumped Tyler.
Tyler had gone with no other option.
She refuses and leaves.
When Tyler asks her to dance.
She goes.
Where she waits.
They share a dance.
Nova is having an awful time.
She can not take it anymore.
When Ali tells her the fountain centerpiece is broken.
She hears the fountain work again  and knows the only person.
She is about to leave.
Who could have fixed it was Jesse.
He walks up and asks her to prom.
She agrees.
They dance followed.
<EOS>
Lola is a pretty teenage girl living.
Who is divorced.
Nicknamed LOL  Lola has been taking her first steps into teenage romance  dating a boy from her class named Arthur.
Lola s life becomes complicated.
When Arthur tells her that he cheated over the summer.
Lola decides to break things off and start seeing his close friend Mael.
Lola s friends seem to enjoy complicating matters even more.
Life has also become impossible with her mother.
Who has no idea what LOL means.
She treats her teenage daughter  wondering.
Whatever happened.
Lola likes to play her mother and father.
Is. 
What she does nt know.
Anne and Alain have begun dating again.
<EOS>
Julie Styron is a middle-aged businesswoman flying out to attend an important meeting.
She worries and engages the help.
When her CEO contacts her and asks her to meet him afterward.
Her job may be.
Her mood worsens.
When her new assistant Paula Murphy is 45 minutes late.
Julie fires Paula and they part ways.
Later that evening Julie is unexpectedly promoted.
Julie and Paula meet up.
Both their flights home are delayed.
Julie apologizes and buys Paula a drink.
Julie   begins to question.
They talk.
Who gave up having a family.
Whether she made the right choice.
The two visit the gym and the pool before returning to the bar.
Nick joins them  explaining.
His flight was also canceled.
Paula rushes off and is followed by Julie.
Who wants to know what was wrong.
Later  Paula informs her.
Nick raped a friend in Boston.
Julie is shocked but eventually convinced  and suggests they get revenge.
Paula tells her to just forget.
The two retire.
Paula invites him and then drugs him.
When Nick knocks later on.
The two women take him down.
Order to keep him.
Is being renovated.
Julie runs upstairs to get Nick s briefcase  and returns to find Paula stripping him.
Paula explains.
This way when he wakes up he will hesitate to ask anyone what happened.
Paula photographs them.
Paula finds a magic marker.
They write words and back like pig and rapist.
They are nearly discovered.
He leaves.
Paula eventually confesses to Julie.
It was she who was raped  not her friend -- which Julie had already guessed.
They return.
The next morning  Julie finds the word loser written  and a few Polaroids on the bed of Paula sitting next to her own sleeping form.
She meets up with Nick again.
He reveals.
He had never been  proving Paula s rape story to be an elaborate lie.
<EOS>
A young woman is a new transfer student from Chiang Mai.
Who was given the nickname Rainbow.
She joins a clique led.
Rainbow s new friends are curious.
Took place.
The victim  just before his death  had received a call on his cell phone from the number.
Which recipients are supposed to have their wishes fulfilled.
One  Rainbow s new friends try to call the number and die.
Rainbow is the only one left.
<EOS>
Hartman Fong succeeds Shane.
Hartman  got the job.
Who is by-the-book and hierarchical.
The best was Hartman s former teammate Lincoln.
Whose unorthodox methods and confidence makes him arrogant and disdainful.
Hartman and Lincoln are two alpha males  with only room at the top for one sharpshooter.
Lincoln however was dismissed and jailed.
Lincoln maintained.
Tao was about to pull the pin.
No one else could support his story  indeed there is a feeling.
Hartman may have withheld key evidence that would have exonerated Lincoln.
Back  upon his release from prison after a four-year stint  Lincoln still harbors a grudge against his former SDU teammates despite being welcomed back into society by Shane.
Lincoln has purchased an illegal sniper rifle.
He also rekindles his relationship.
Who encourages him to seek revenge.
They view the wedding ring.
There are two rookie cops getting involved in criminal shootout.
One is OJ.
Who manages to stay calm and kills a criminal.
Lincoln sees potential and decides to take him under his wing.
Yet  he becomes another wild card.
When OJ becomes fascinated and determines to top his shooting skills.
OJ s unorthodox means leads him.
Lincoln helps crime boss Tao escape prisoner transfer convoy.
An off-duty Hartman witnesses the incident  killing several but unable to prevent them from breaking their boss free  after Lincoln tips him off to the crime s location as kind of a ha ha  I m helping the bad guys  taunt.
Ming and his team are dispatched to profile the suspect.
OJ  the hot-headed rookie  surprises everyone by accurately replicating the suspect s impossible shots.
He manages to do this from Lincoln.
He inadvertently runs in the elevator of an apartment building.
Hartman investigates the suspect.
Hartman manages to kill one.
He is foiled.
Chasing. 
Hartman then pursues Lincoln.
Lincoln loses his grip and falls down.
Tao escapes is cornered by police  so he flees into a restaurant and takes hostages.
Hartman  now  coordinates his sniper team but only OJ has a good shot.
OJ instead wounds the criminal.
Hartman s order is shoot to kill.
Hartman and OJ have a heated argument  with OJ arguing.
The hostage situation has been resolved.
This allowed so the case can be further investigated.
Later it is revealed and kidnaps Shane.
Lincoln has survived the fall and continues his plan of revenge.
Who is Lincoln s last friend and supporter.
Shane regains consciousness and reminds him.
Lincoln and Crystal make conversation.
It is revealed.
Lincoln has been hallucinating all this time.
Lincoln takes his rifle and fires at the ghosts of Hartman and the bank chairman s son  before realizing.
He has inadvertently killed Shane.
A flashback shows Crystal visiting Lincoln.
He tells her to go away.
Crystal then returns home and drops the wedding ring.
Standing out.
She tumbles and falls to her death.
She lunges.
Lincoln decides to lure Fong and the SDU sniper team into a trap at an auto scrap warehouse  leading to the ultimate showdown amongst three expert snipers.
First Lincoln forces the crime boss Tao reenact the bank robbery hostage taking.
This time Lincoln successfully kills Tao and saves the hostage.
Most of Hartman s team is wounded or killed.
Hartman volunteers to sacrifice himself and draw Lincoln s fire  allowing OJ to kill Lincoln and become the best sniper.
<EOS>
A falsely convicted man s wife  Catherine  and an alcoholic composer and pianist  Martin  team up to clear her husband of the murder of a blonde singer.
Who is Martin s wife.
Their investigation leads them.
Who Catherine and Martin suspect may be the real killer.
<EOS>
Dag is a successful director.
Who shares his home.
Dag  however  has a serious case and is given to frequent flings with other women.
Halley tries to turn a blind eye.
She decides.
When she discovers he had a one-night stand.
Things have gone too far.
Halley gives Dag his walking papers.
She soon makes the acquaintance.
Andre  however  is married.
Who meets up  now.
Meanwhile  Peter s very angry confrontation attracts the attention of Paula  a mysterious but very sexy woman.
Who has taken a decidedly carnal interest.
However   events begin taking a strange turn.
Paula makes her way.
Her new acquaintances begin dropping.
<EOS>
The Stooges want to fly  but end up as mechanics working in a motor-pool garage.
Sidetracked. 
When  they get.
Moe s head gets stuck.
They finally unscrew Moe from the tight quarters.
He eventually chases Larry and Curly  breaking the windshield in the process.
The Stooges disassemble the entire engine  and are still puzzled.
They are not exactly certain what a squeak looks.
Kelly comes to retrieve the Colonel s car.
The trio promptly evacuate the garage  only to end up hiding out.
Kelly realizes what they have done.
The bomb is then dropped Germany in June 1942Solomon  Jon.
Moe and Curly quickly disguise themselves.
Larry disguises himself.
Marshalls Bommel and Boring then enter  and go.
The Stooges eventually steal enemy secrets  knock them cold  and escape.
<EOS>
Brothers Casey and Will Alexander are forced to put their differences aside.
Their CIA agent father is killed.
They hunt.
The duo get close.
Will  a karate instructor  joins a rogue terrorist organization and   is told.
Order to gain Franco s trust.
The he must kill another CIA agent  who just happens to be his brother Casey.
Together  Casey and Will fake the murder and devise a plan to get their revenge.
Uncovering Franco s plans to assassinate President George H.
W.
Bush.
<EOS>
Tremble is a poignant film.
Coincides. 
1989 Newcastle Earthquake   torn cables and twisted steelwork strewn over the club floor.
The film opens.
Are various Christmas decorations  the event having occurred only three days after the holidays.
Stuck is an Old Man  littered with debris  struggling to breathe and call out.
Nearby is a still and seemingly lifeless arm wearing a beeping wristwatch.
The film depicts the Old Man s attempt to stay alive.
Keeping the other unseen person buried.
Intercut are episodes depicting the rescue efforts of volunteers from the Police Rescue Squad and the State Emergency Service.
Earthquake. 
Tier. 
Org. 
.
<EOS>
Javier Herrera is a man.
Whose world comes crashing down shortly when his wife  Maria tells him that she loves someone else.
He must start over completely.
He tries esoteric therapies and even adopts a dog to attract women  but  Javier only remembers his ex - wife.
Enter Julia  a free-spirited young woman willing to be his friend unconditionally.
Only Javier could forget Maria.
<EOS>
Andy Brink Brinker and his in-line skating crew -- Peter  Jordy  and Gabriella -- Soul-Skaters  clash  Team X-Bladz -- led by Val.
Who call themselves.
Whom they attend high school.
Himself suspended  Brink discovers  he goes against the wishes of his parents and his friends and joins Team X-Bladz for 200 dollars a week.
His family is.
He keeps this.
They see him skating.
Brink s friends feel.
He betrayed and agree - Soul-Skaters vs Team.
Val was willing to be his friend again and then agreed to remain.
Brink s original crew chose to ignore him.
Val intentionally sabotages Gabriella s part of the course by sprinkling pebbles onto the road.
Gabriella wipes out big and sustains minor injuries.
All of the Soul-Skaters disown Brink as their friend  they call him a sell-out and stop talking to him.
Brink meets Val and proceeds to get  quitting Team.
He meets his friends at the skate yard and tells them of his plan to sponsor the team under the name Team Pup N Suds.
They accept Brink again.
They compete in the competition.
It comes down to Brink and Val in the championship race.
Brink  his friends and his family celebrate the long-awaited victory.
Val is fired from X-Bladz for cheating.
Team X-Bladz s manager Jimmy offers Brink the captain position.
Remembering  Brink turns down the offer.
They skate.
<EOS>
One with acidic venom and armor-like skin  created by a Russian and American joint military operation led by U.
S.
Army Colonel Robin Evans Jefferson  Jr.
Escapes. 
Jefferson and his team go to retrieve it  and find disaster.
Where the creature slaughters soldiers and scientists alike.
American Dwight Stoddard and his Russian wife Nadia hires them to move some mysterious container.
They reach the isolated and deserted Russian military base.
Larson s primary concern is retrieving the snakes  DNA.
He begins to kill his own men before being eaten himself by one snake.
Nadia leads one snake.
The other one is blown up.
Only Dwight and Nadia survive  and are rescued.
<EOS>
The film begins during winter.
A knight falls silent.
The knight  all  walks up to the throne.
He asks.
Any man has enough courage to challenge him.
Finally a young squire named.
Gawain accepts.
The knight tells Gawain.
He has one chance to behead him.
Then the knight gets to return the favor.
Gawain beheads the knight but then the knight s torso walks up and grabs the head and puts it back.
The crowd is stunned.
The knight tells Gawain to kneel.
He can make his blow.
The king stops the knight  saying.
Gawain is only a boy.
The knight agrees and says.
He will return year  unless Gawain solves one riddle  which consists of four lines   Where life is emptyness  gladness.
Fire. 
Where life is darkness.
Sorrow. 
Where life is golden.
Wisdom. 
Where life is lost.
Gawain is then knighted and is given King Arthur s blessing and ceremonial armour to accomplish a seemingly chivalrous task.
He heads out to the Green Knight s riddle.
His servant suggests due west.
When asked which way they should be heading.
That is the direction the wind is blowing.
Sir Gawain then meets another knight   claiming to defend a lost and hidden city.
The knight in black armor concedes to the challenger and shows the whereabouts of a secret city.
However   lies about his wounds and calls the victorious Sir Gawain a murderer  setting the city and her guards upon him.
He manages to escape the guards  thanks in the castle.
Who gives him a ring.
He is told that the game he has accepted as a challenge has rules.
Later  Gawain returns  only to find it deserted  with the denizens old and covered in cob webs  frozen in time.
However he is able to revive and bring back the youth.
Helped him escape.
Unfortunately   the lady is kidnapped by a lustful prince.
Gawain is convinced willing to assist.
Saving her is his only option and rediscovers his friend and servant along.
A rival Baron arrives and threatens war.
The rescue mission is.
Certain demands are not met.
The rival Baron has accepted the beautiful lady.
The rescue mission fails.
The beautiful lady has been killed to the acts of the lustful prince.
Later Gawain asks his comrades to disband.
Followed him to raid the castle.
He then discovers.
The lady has been saved by the rival Baron who accepted her as tribute and even gave her her freedom at no cost.
Eternally grateful  Sir Gawain once more gathers his men and his servant and encounters the forces.
Who kidnapped the lady.
Sir Gawain and his men triumph over the forces of the lustful prince.
Whilst  Sir Gawain has the upper hand nearby.
When the prince calls from an archer.
The archer is about to fire.
When the seneschal the archer to stop  preferring to see his son die in honorable combat then let him cheat.
The Seneschal then orders.
His men to withdraw  leaving Gawain to take the field.
Gawain is approached by the Green Knight.
Gawain has failed to solve the final line within the time limit  and must therefore allow the Green Knight one swing at his neck with an axe.
Gawain rides out to meet the Knight.
He has a piece of magical cloth from the lady  showing her favor.
The Green knight takes aim and strikes a blow.
Gawain survives thanks to the cloth given to him by the lady.
Gawain then tells the Green Knight.
The game is over since he has struck his single blow.
The Green Knight and Sir Gawain then do battle.
He asks Sir Gawain to stop battle  realizing.
The Green Knight suffers a mortal wound.
He has already lost.
Sir Gawain returns.
He talks with her.
She tells him  I too live a borrowed year.
It began before the Green Knight and now is at an end.
She flies away  returning to Lyonesse.
He touches her.
<EOS>
Detectives Liam Casey and Joey Allegretto are conducting a surveillance operation to apprehend Jordan Washington  a notorious drug dealer.
They venture into a building.
Where Washington is presumed to be hiding.
Washington preemptively fires a submachine gun  seriously wounding Casey.
Police backup units arrive and swarm the building.
Washington executes a cunning escape after murdering two police officers.
Morganstern is incapacitated.
The mayor suggests new hero Sean Casey be the party s candidate.
He wins the election  is and wonders.
If the many wonderful things suddenly happening can last.
They ca nt.
The decomposed body is discovered floating near a maritime dock.
An address book is found.
Who responded.
A number of officers confess about their entanglement in the bribery and narcotics scandal.
Allegretto admits  accepting bribes.
He initially lied.
Berated by Sean Casey for his conduct and unwilling to face jail  a depressed Allegretto commits suicide.
Liam discloses.
He and Allegretto were not legally authorized to arrest Washington due.
Liam concedes.
He forged a judge s signature.
<EOS>
Michele  a shepherd  is forced to take to the hills.
He loses every sheep in his flock.
Where there is neither water nor pastures.
One night   he goes and  at gunpoint  steals every sheep.
Because he is full up ahead.
Michele has become a bandit.
<EOS>
James Jamie Roberts  being a pop idol  is used.
He meets child psychologist Diana Lawson.
Who not only does nt swoon  but has also never heard of him.
He tries to win her affection.
It s complicated.
His ex-lover  Nicky Nides  is still a member.
<EOS>
The film starts.
Butch Cassidy writes a letter  enclosing a belt buckle engraved with a treasure map.
Cassidy and his accomplice  Harry Longabaugh  attempt to elude capture.
When their hideout is surrounded.
The film then shifts.
Where Butch Cassidy s 16-year old great-nephew  Roy Parker  defends his infamous ancestor s reputation.
Sam resents Roy s interest  even acquiescing in the boy s brief jailing on a trumped-up charge   I spent the better part of my life trying to live down the reputation.
Where he scolds him.
Your hero has laid out.
You grow up worshipping him.
Roy also embarks to learn the truth about his infamous ancestor s death.
<EOS>
Ebbo Velten works.
There are few patients.
The family is preparing to move back but he is having second thoughts.
His acquantaince tries to convince him to stay.
The film then skips three years.
Where a French inspector pays a visit to assess the programme.
There is friction.
He reaches the clinic.
He is very alert.
The inspector needs to talk to assess the project.
When he arrives.
He is nowhere to be found.
A woman starts to give birth.
He starts to perform a caesarean section  but is unable to cope.
No other doctor is around.
He has never done one before.
Velten arrives just to perform the operation and deliver the baby.
It transpires.
Velten s wife and daughter have moved back without him  and that he has started a relationship with the local woman who gave birth.
Velten takes the inspector to see clinics testing.
No cases are reported.
Velten takes the inspector to see a business venture.
Later Velten takes the inspector hunting with his acquantaince and a guide.
The acquantaince has an argument.
Then leaves and goes back.
Velten and the guide continue hunting.
The inspector sleeps.
He is woken and soon sees the guide coming towards him.
Who takes him before leaving.
He sleeps there and is then picked up by the guide in a boat.
It is unclear.
What has happened.
It is assumed.
He is dead.
A hippopotamus emerges.
The boat leaves.
May have played some part.
<EOS>
The story revolves.
The husband suspects.
Because he is insecure.
His wife could be capable.
The husband disguises himself  woos his wife under his false identity  and ends up seducing her.
The couple stays together.
The wife tells the husband.
She knew it was him  but played along.
<EOS>
The overall concept  was.
Each week The Stooges would try a different job or trade to see if eventually they might succeed.
The comedy would ensue  they try their hand as interior decorators.
Each career they tried would eventually turn.
They meet a new client  Mr Pennyfeather.
Just a few moments arrives  Shemp accidentally spills ink down the front of Pennyfeather s suit.
Who becomes enraged.
The Stooges then challenge Pennyfeather to mischief  featuring the famous Texas routine.
They are successful in tossing Mr Pennyfeather out of the office.
Suddenly  the next client calls him to come in to manage her house.
The Stooges not only hang wallpaper  but also manage to trash their client s home.
Unfortunately  that woman is Mrs Pennyfeather.
That house is Mr Pennyfeather s house.
The Stooges cover Mr Pennyfeather.
Mr Pennyfeather comes home.
The Stooges recognize each other.
Both Pennyfeathers attack the boys with their own paint and utensils.
Moe  Larry  and Shemp  defeated  hang up their brushes.
<EOS>
Former Chief Inspector Charles Dreyfus is largely recovered from the murderous insanity.
Saw him repeatedly attempt to kill the thorn.
He is about to be released but Clouseau   comes to visit.
Who is now Chief Inspector and has arrived to speak.
His clumsiness and proneness drive Dreyfus insane again.
Soon thereafter  Dreyfus escapes.
His first attempt involves planting a bomb whilst Clouseau destructively duels.
Who is  from Clouseau.
The bomb merely destroys Clouseau s apartment.
Clouseau himself is unharmed  largely because Clouseau has been distracted by Dreyfus which was meant to keep him in place for the bombing.
Cato  however  ends up.
Dreyfus sets his sights higher.
Using his knowledge  he enlists the help of an army of vicious criminals  kidnaps nuclear physicist Professor Hugo Fassbender and the Professor s daughter Margo  forcing the professor to build a doomsday weapon in return for his daughter s freedom.
He agrees.
Hugo Fassbender can not bear to hear his daughter undergoing Dreyfus s torture.
Clouseau travels to investigate Fassbender s disappearance  with typically chaotic results.
Scotland Yard Section Director Alec Drummond and Superintendent Quinlan painfully learn.
However  Clouseau manages to set his sights.
Clouseau follows.
Jarvis is killed.
A clue found to the Oktoberfest in Germany.
Meanwhile Dreyfus broadcasts himself.
Disintegrating the United Nations headquarters before the disbelieving eyes of the world  he blackmails the leaders of the world  including the President of the United States  into assassinating Clouseau.
Forced to take Dreyfus s threat seriously  several nations send assassins to kill Clouseau.
Many  however  instruct their assassins to kill other assassins to ensure.
Necessary. 
Their own country can kill Clouseau and thus win Dreyfus s favor and possibly get hold themselves.
This  combined  enables Clouseau to evade each assassination attempt.
As it is about to happen  so that the assassins all kill each other instead.
Only the operatives of Egypt and Russia remain alive.
The Egyptian assassin  sneaking  shoots a man.
He believes to be Clouseau.
The Russian operative  Olga Bariosova   seduces the Egyptian  similarly mistaking him.
Who has sneaked.
His passionate sexuality convinces her not to assassinate him   he is surprised to discover a beautiful woman.
When the real Clouseau makes an appearance.
Who confuses him.
A tattoo  combined with Olga s dismissively revealed knowledge  reveals to Clouseau Dreyfus s location at a castle in Bavaria.
He leaves immediately leaving a confused and frustrated Olga.
Dreyfus is elated.
His joy is soured.
Clouseau   eventually infiltrates Dreyfus s castle hideout disguised  intoxicates Dreyfus with nitrous oxide  and pulls one of Dreyfus s healthy teeth.
Who has arrived but has been denied entry into the castle by a mischievous drawbridge.
Realising the deception  Dreyfus orders Clouseau killed.
Clouseau escapes.
Enraged  Dreyfus means to seek vengeance by destroying England   Clouseau   is literally catapulted onto Dreyfus s doomsday machine.
He prepares.
Who has been thrown.
Clouseau s weight redirects the disintegrator.
That the beam hits Dreyfus and the castle.
Himself escape the dissolving castle.
Gradually disintegrating.
The castle then disappears entirely  taking Dreyfus.
Returning  Clouseau is reunited with Olga.
Who has dismissed Cato and intends on completing her seduction of Clouseau.
This is interrupted first  and then by Cato.
Who chooses this time to once more follow his orders and attack Clouseau and Olga.
The consequent struggle ends.
When all three are hurled into the Seine.
Immediately thereafter  a cartoon image emerges from the water   unaware.
Has been tinted pink  and begins swimming.
A gigantic version is waiting below him with a sharp-toothed  open mouth.
The film ends.
When the animated Clouseau gets chased as the credits roll.
<EOS>
Shankar Das is a rich businessman.
Who returns in.
No one is aware of his past.
He was a servant of the local feudal lord Chatothu Panickar.
He left the job.
He fled.
There he became a successful businessman.
Now he has returned.
He is a very boastful man.
Revels showered on him by the sycophants.
He reveals his identity.
Who is his childhood friend and an aspiring writer.
He also confides his interest for Panicker s daughter Anuradha.
Who was his childhood infatuation.
Ambujakshan succeeds.
It would help him to earn the respect and win over Anuradha.
Thus the production starts under the direction of Sharath.
Who is the love interest.
Shankar renders unsolicited financial help.
But  he later gets to know.
Leads. 
Later  Shankar proposes marriage.
She declines.
However  the family coerces her to marry him.
Is indebted.
Anuradha   decides.
Who is infuriated.
She will not present herself before Shankar and makes love with Sharath.
She learns from Shankar.
Sharath had accepted money for not creating any trouble for their marriage.
This causes another heartbreak.
She confesses to Shankar.
Shankar forgives her.
Their marital relationship resumes.
<EOS>
The cartoon takes place.
Jerry pokes his head out and steals some cheese  unaware.
Tom is watching him.
Tom weighs the mouse down enough such.
He can no longer see.
Tom emerges with a smug face.
Jerry falls off.
Jerry salutes the cat and returns the slice to the refrigerator.
He then proceeds to steal just a tiny bit.
Tom stomps with one of his hind paws and replaces the cheese as.
To say Leave it alone.
However  the cat soon realizes  so he traps Jerry s tail and begins eating.
He has the free run.
Jerry frees himself  but is soon caught and returns himself to the iron.
Tom then presents Jerry.
He can not reach due.
Tom then smells.
The cheese  but soon sees that it is the wedge and tosses it away.
Unfortunately  the cheese smashes some crockery and wakes up Mammy Two Shoes.
Who goes downstairs.
Tom quickly shoves Jerry  framing Jerry in Mammy s eyes.
Tom emerges and pursues Jerry.
Mammy leaves the room.
Tom surprises Jerry bin  but Jerry tricks Tom into looking over the bin and jumps on the pedal  sending it to crash into Tom s face.
Jerry then jumps.
Tom starts it.
Jerry pops up  his rear end smoking  and cools it.
To be chased again.
Tom ends up losing his grip and gets his tail caught up  with his body facing the refrigerator.
Jerry climbs down the blind  picks up a fork and stabs Tom with the fork  causing Tom to crash at the fridge.
As Jerry had planned.
Mammy re-enters the room.
Tom has caught and disposed.
She opens the refrigerator door to get Tom a bowl  only to find Tom in the refrigerator  covered in food.
Jerry overhears Mammy shouting and kicking the screeching cat out of the house while devouring his wedge of cheese.
Tomandjerryonline. 
<EOS>
This is the story.
The brothers are twins Arun Sharma  and Kewal Sharma.
The father is Major Hemraj Sharma  a war veteran.
Who became disabled  and has to rely on crutches to walk.
The Major has a soft corner  but shows open disapproval of Arun  thus alienating him.
He constantly asks Arun to make sacrifices  including giving up his love  Rekha.
Heartbroken Arun leaves his father s home and meets an old acquaintance.
Who he had saved.
Jyoti gets Arun a job s hotel.
Here Arun meets.
Who tells him that his mother is still alive.
Arun is shocked to note this and asks his mother to accompany him to confront his father.
Was Arun s father really that cold-hearted to let go  and keep this secret from his sons.
<EOS>
The Pink Panther s old car happens to break down.
Who is the process.
Dr Jekyll then pours the same potion.
It changes.
<EOS>
Holly Hobby helps lady Kelly Deegan go through.
Her husband died.
<EOS>
Governor Bronson   is killed.
Who raised Bob Wayne after the death of his parents.
Fearing  the Governor first confides with a secret about his past.
His death might be  as it has been for everyone else who had opposed the Doctor.
Bob s father was really an outlaw.
Leaving small coiled copper snakes.
Wayne decides to adopt his outlaw father s Copperhead persona  donning his father s cowl.
Doctor Satan  meanwhile  requires only a remote control device invented to complete his army of killer robots and gain all the power and riches he desires.
The Copperhead fights Doctor Satan  rescuing the Professor and others and preventing the Doctor.
<EOS>
Frederic  a young  successful lawyer  is happily married to one child  with another on the way.
Still  something eats away.
Frederic begins to ponder the times.
Going. 
He was married  when he was free to be while he chased them.
He has an elaborate fantasy.
Where he possesses a magical amulet that causes all women to bow.
These thoughts do not distress Frederic though.
He sees these ideas.
One day  an old friend shows up suddenly.
Chloe was the girlfriend.
Who caused his friend a great deal.
He believes.
She only wants something.
The two begin spending afternoons together  talking of many things.
She tries a series to attempt some type of solidity in her life.
Frederic finds himself unable to talk.
Eventually  Chloe confesses  and wants the child to be.
While she does not desire marriage she would like to have a child.
Frederic ponders the paths of staying with a wife or going with a woman for.
He loves greatly.
Whom he feels a strange deep passion.
It seems Frederic will consummate his feelings.
It is not shown.
What happens  but upon Frederic s return to Helene the tears that spill from her show that something definite yet not altogether dire has changed between the two of them.
<EOS>
A B-grade stage actor is convinced to play the role for a Western family.
Who are about to host President Theodore Roosevelt.
The deception is eventually uncovered.
The actor and the family s daughter eventually fall.
<EOS>
Van Wilder has graduated.
He is supposed to go with his dad.
His dad is busy.
Van ends up going alone.
Van ends up going.
His family has their name.
However   Coolidge is no longer the fun loving school.
When he gets there.
A military-based institution run.
Reardon  a military man  wants to make the younger Wilder s life miserable.
Who hates the senior Wilder.
He can not force him out and has ties  so he tries to make Van s life a living hell.
His dad is rich.
Van turns a one bedroom dorm.
His roommate is Farley  a pothead.
The boys decide to throw a party.
Is not allowed.
Is ` fun.
The only person to show up is Yu Dum Fok.
The boys try to find the girls.
They just find some religious  prudish girls led.
Van pulls a prank during church.
She throws sacramental wine.
Reardon knows  so he commands his ROTC students  Dirk and his closeted sidekick Corporal Benedict   trying to make him crack.
Van is.
Van falls.
Kaitlin thinks  lives  and breathes the military  and believes before marriage.
Van has to shake things up.
Results. 
Van decides to finish college.
The film ends.
Van leaves Dirk and Benedict tied.
<EOS>
Spike is a young black man.
Who lives.
He is a student first  but drops out.
He joins a gang led and commits various robberies.
Order to have enough money to impress his white girlfriend Rosalie.
A related gang operates a cocaine smuggling route with mules swallowing cocaine pellets.
Spike is arrested on departure from Johan Adolf Pengel International Airport near Paramaribo  and incarcerated at Santo Boma prison.
Rosalie volunteers also.
Order to be able to visit Spike.
The film ends  it does not show.
Whether she actually swallows and smuggles cocaine pellets.
<EOS>
A college male receives a note.
Say do you wan na know a secret.
He goes to find her and is killed by someone in a mask.
One year later Beth and her friends   go on vacation in Florida.
The group includes Oz  Tina  Nellie and Brad.
The first night Brad tries to hit.
She explains.
They are just friends.
Brad is attacked.
The others are.
His bloody shirt is found.
His body is missing.
The group sees a message.
Beth refuses to talk until the next night.
When he saves her.
Beth goes.
Where she witnesses the boy who tried her being murdered by someone in a mask.
They find.
When the cops arrive.
Do you wan na know a secret.
An FBI agent tells the kids not to leave the house.
They are all suspects.
Oz is attacked.
The next day while Hank and Beth are showering.
Nellie realizes.
Tina s throat has been slit.
She is attacked and falls into the pool.
She can call.
Oz regains consciousness  and sees the same message written.
He runs outside to find both Tina and Nellie dead.
Oz is arrested.
When the cops arrive.
The cop is.
Who arrested Oz.
When he sees the message.
He is then murdered.
Oz is released.
Beth is waiting.
When she sees a truck drive.
The driver is wearing the mask.
She remembers.
Hank is nowhere to be found.
She follows the truck out and waits for Oz to meet up with her.
Oz and Beth search.
They are separated.
Oz is knocked out.
He wakes up and hears Beth s scream.
Upstairs is tied up in a wedding dress and blindfolded.
The man removes Beth s blindfold and his mask  revealing himself.
Beth sees.
The dead bodies are set up in the pews  as if watching.
Brad starts cutting Beth s dress open.
When Oz shows up.
Brad and Oz fight.
Brad wins and ties Oz up again.
Beth asks Brad.
He killed everyone.
He explains.
The secret is he loves Beth so much he would do anything.
He then holds up Hank s severed head.
Beth secretly unties her hands and attacks Brad.
He knocks her.
Oz gets untied and attacks Brad.
Beth stabs him.
Brad is about to kill Oz.
Brad jumps up again and is shot.
Oz and Beth exit the church.
The Agent reveals.
The dead pastor was also Brad s father.
<EOS>
Eight intellectual friends - four men and four women - prepare to have dinner together.
The ensuing conversations range to politics.
Primarily concern their sexual exploits.
The group has plans to gather.
The four women discuss their own affairs.
The four men prepare the food and reflect.
Conflicts soon arise.
When Dominique reveals that she herself has had affairs.
<EOS>
Wataru Hirayama is a wealthy Tokyo businessman.
Who acts.
He agrees.
When an old schoolmate Mikami approaches him.
Finding her.
Where she now works.
Fumiko complains.
Her father is stubborn  insisting  whereas she has now fallen in love with a musician and is adamant to lead life her own way.
A young man named.
Taniguchi approaches Hirayama to ask.
Hirayama is extremely unhappy.
His daughter has made wedding plans.
He confronts her.
Which he blows his top  and rules that she must remain locked until she sees the folly of her ways.
Hirayama tries to find out more from his subordinate.
Owing  his daughter s friend Yukiko tries a ruse.
Which she asks Hirayama opinion.
Yukiko reveals.
When Hirayama advises her to ignore her mother.
It is all a setup and states that Hirayama has just given his consent.
Hirayama s wife Kiyoko tries unsuccessfully to make him change his mind.
She accuses her husband.
Hisako is on the side of her sister  finding her father too.
Finally   Hirayama decides to give in by attending his daughter s wedding.
Mikami reveals.
He   has agreed to let his daughter select her own marriage partner.
Hirayama decides to visit the newly-weds at Hiroshima by train.
Where Taniguchi is stationed.
<EOS>
A troubled fourteen-year-old girl named.
Alyssa has been living since the death of her mother a year ago.
Alyssa is brought to the Bahamas to live with Hawk  the father.
She never knew she had.
Alyssa s arrival comes at a decisively inconvenient time for Hawk  a dolphin researcher and.
Whose prickly personality puts him.
It s a difficult relationship.
Tamika  Hawk s girlfriend  and Daniel  Tamika s father  smooth the way.
Alyssa soon adjusts and discovers the gift she shares with her father for communicating with dolphins  a skill.
Leads her.
But  it is Alyssa and her wild friend.
When the powers-that-be threaten to close down her father s research station.
Who hold the key and have the power to bring all parties together.
<EOS>
The Bantons -LRB- father  Abel and four sons  Coy  Ethan  Johnny and Martin rob a pay office  killing some people.
Coy Banton is tracked down and taken away by a policeman  Wyntors.
Taking him back  Wyntors is killed.
Two seek to rescue Coy.
Tarzan appears and kills Ethan Banton.
The other brother escapes.
Tarzan decides to take Coy.
He can give it.
However  no one wants to help him.
The boat is ambushed by the Bantons.
He is waiting.
Who send the passengers off and destroy the boat.
Later that night Tarzan meets from the boat and decides on an overland trek to take Coy Banton to Kairobi and agrees to take along  at first  the boat s mate  Tate  then reluctantly agrees to take the passengers of the boat  A business man named Ames and his wife  Fay  another man named Conway and a young woman named Lori.
Who all share their own reasons for wanting to go to Kairobi.
But Tarzan warns them.
The trek would be hard and dangerous.
The presence to watch out for hinders Tarzan.
The Bantons threaten to kill anyone.
Who helps Tarzan.
Pausing only to shoot the doctor  the Bantons set out.
Who has told them what they want to know.
Ames is a boastful windbag.
Whose wife begins to detest him.
Seeing this  Coy plays up  hoping.
He might be able to use her later.
The party are captured.
The leader wants to kill Coy.
Who killed his brother when the Bantons raided their village.
However  the chief s wife is having a difficult childbirth labor.
The chief agrees to let the party go.
Conway is able to help her have her baby.
Coy sees his chance and escapes.
Thanks is shot and later dies.
Tarzan again captures Coy.
He hides them as the other Bantons search for them.
Later  Lori wanders off and is caught.
Who attempts to have his way.
Tarzan comes to rescue her and   Johnny dies from a shot in the face with his rifle while struggling with Tarzan and falls into a stream.
She screams.
Later  seeing his grave  Martin Banton has had enough  and leaves him.
Who taught them to steal.
Coy s wiles have paid off.
Fay Ames releases him.
The others sleep.
They leave camp together.
Tarzan goes and finds Fay s scarf.
Coy left her.
When she was out found her.
Tarzan eventually comes.
A ricochet from Coy s rifle kills Abel.
A prolonged battle follows.
Tarzan finally knocks Coy out.
The film ends handing Coy over to the Kairobi police on the border and instructs Conway to make sure.
Wyntor s widow gets the reward money.
<EOS>
An over-tired little girl is hyped-up by a stranger.
Who plays a game  until her mother begins to feel disturbed by the interest he s showing.
A short time later  the girl disappears.
A glimpse fires her imagination  with devastating consequences.
<EOS>
Several off-white 1958 Plymouth Fury models are shown lined up on an assembly line.
A lone bright red and white Fury stands in contrast to the others.
The Plymouth s malevolent character is established.
When one worker is injured when the car s hood slams shut while working on the car.
Another is apparently choked.
21 years later   Arnold Arnie Cunningham is a nerdy teen boy with only one friend  a childhood companion and popular jock named Dennis Guilder.
Arnie s life begins to change.
When he gets a confrontation who threatens Arnie with a switchblade and gets expelled.
Arnie s life also begins to change.
When he buys the rusty red-white Fury  even though the vehicle is in serious need of repair.
Dennis fruitlessly attempts to dissuade Arnie  pointing out.
The odometer reads.
Enamored  Arnie ignores his friend and hastily writes LeBay a check.
He proceeds to drive home following in his blue 1968 Dodge Charger.
He is forced to store her.
His parents refuse to let Arnie park Christine for not informing them that he is going to buy a car.
Arnie sits.
Arnie begins to restore Christine.
Only seems to play 1950s era rock and roll.
His feelings are requited.
Those notice changes in his attitude and appearance with the more time.
He spends.
Initially shy and timid  Arnie develops a cocky arrogance and has taken  he no longer wears his thick glasses and begins dressing in all black clothing.
Dennis s concern deepens.
When he is informed that Roland s wife died in Christine of carbon monoxide poisoning.
George LeBay also reveals.
Rolands s young daughter had been killed.
Dennis spies a newly restored Christine and is shocked to see Arnie with Leigh Cabot.
The distraction causes him to be hit.
Leaping and he is seriously injured by another player  placing him in the hospital.
He is extremly jealous.
Buddy sees Arnie at Dennis s football game.
The gang follows Arnie back.
Where they severely vandalize and crush the newly restored Christine  leaving her totally ruined.
Arnie sees the wreck the next day and is shocked.
All the work he put has been destroyed.
Arnie is determined to restore the car again.
His parents want to buy him a new car as he has become obsessed.
The next day   he turns his back and hears metal creaking  he turns and sees.
He looks the wreck over.
Christine s engine is fully restored.
Stepping away  Arnie smiles and says  Okay  show me.
Christine s headlights flicker on.
She then comes and fully restores herself to mint condition.
The next night  Christine chases and kills Moochie  a member  by crushing him against a wall.
Arnie receives a visit from Detective Rudolph Junkins.
Who suspects that Arnie killed Moochie against those who vandalized Christine.
However  he is unable to produce adequate proof.
Even though Christine is badly damaged  she regenerated herself to showroom quality afterward.
Christine then seeks out and gruesomely kills individual members.
Who destroyed her.
The spree climaxes.
When Christine confronts the last three remaining members himself  at a service station.
Christine pushes Buddy s grey 1967 Chevrolet Camaro.
Who has sought refuge.
Its fuel tank ruptures spills onto the floor.
Buddy s Camaro catches fire.
Quickly ignites the fuel  setting the building ablaze and killing Don.
Terrified  Buddy flees the station.
She runs  causing the building to explode.
A burning Christine gives chase.
Christine  still in flames  chases Buddy down and runs him over leaving his burning corpse on the road.
Christine returns to the garage and subsequently kills Will Darnell by crushing him against the steering wheel  asphyxiating him.
Which Arnie s girlfriend Leigh is almost choked by Christine at a drive-in theater.
Leigh and Dennis resolve to try and save Arnie  unaware.
Christine is unwilling to give up Arnie.
The only way to stop Christine and save.
Dennis then says.
He is going.
Leigh urges him to be careful.
Arnie pulls up  picks him up.
She leaves.
The pair drive off.
Arnie displays erratic and reckless behavior  and tells Dennis about.
Strong the bond is.
Dennis sees.
The odometer now reads less than 58000 miles and is still rolling backward.
The next day  Dennis goes and scratches Darnell s Tonight into Christine s hood  and drives off with Leigh.
The pair go.
Where they wait.
Dennis tells Leigh to wait.
She can shut the door after Christine arrives  trapping the vehicle.
Christine s headlights suddenly blaze out from under a pile of garbage.
When Leigh exits the bulldozer and heads.
The car charges.
Arnie is ejected and is impaled on a shard of glass  fatally wounding him.
Christine crashes.
He survives just long enough last time and lovingly caress her front bumper.
Enraged  Christine proceeds to attack Leigh.
Dennis counters proceeds to fight Christine.
Who is playing Pledging My Love.
Dennis drives the bulldozer up  stopping her and apparently killing her.
She is launching her final assault.
Leigh climbs.
Christine springs back and again begins to heal herself.
Dennis then finishes driving over her.
Her headlights flicker and then go out.
The scene cuts immediately  Dennis and Leigh are seen along with Detective Junkins at a wrecking yard.
Where Christine has been crushed  apparently finally destroying her.
Leigh and Dennis lament begins to play.
They were unable to save Arnie and as they reflect.
Startled  Leigh and Dennis look up and see a worker.
He walks from behind some other wrecked cars.
Leigh exclaims God  I hate rock and roll.
The film ends.
The camera zooming begins to bend  ever so slightly  indicating that maybe the car is nt dead after all.
<EOS>
Mild-mannered teen Jim Jimmy Wilson appears.
Jim pauses and reflects to say  I accuse my parents.
When asked to speak.
He should have had.
The film flashes back.
When Jim was given an award.
Eager to tell his parents  he goes home.
Jim is embarrassed.
When his mother shows up drunk.
Later  his father gives him money.
Jim gets a job selling shoes and meets torch singer Kitty Reed.
He delivers a pair to her house and then meets her later at the nightclub.
Where she works.
The two begin dating  Jim unaware.
Kitty is also the moll.
Blake identifies Jimmy as sufficiently gullible and recruits him to deliver packages and messages.
Jim gets paid highly.
He never questions what exactly.
Charles forces Kitty to break up.
He realizes that their relationship is becoming serious.
Shortly afterward  Jim drives two to a late-night errand.
Turns out to be a robbery where a night watchman is shot.
Realizing  Jimmy turns.
What he s gotten involved.
Who ignores him.
Jimmy confronts Blake himself.
Blake threatens to kill him.
He does nt continue working.
Later   Blake sends his men to kill Jimmy.
The police identify Jimmy.
The execution is interrupted.
Who stumbles  causing the men to flee and leave behind a wounded Jimmy.
Fearing  Jimmy packs a suitcase and spends an indeterminate amount of time hitchhiking and.
He eventually ends up.
Where he attempts to rob a diner.
The kindly owner  Al  recognizes Jimmy and offers him safe harbor and a job.
Long as he agrees to give up crime and start going.
Jimmy s life straightens up.
He confesses.
Al agrees to accompany Jimmy back home to turn himself.
Back  Al takes him to confront Kitty.
Who confesses that she was forced to break up.
Jimmy then goes to confront Blake one more time.
Blake will also turn himself in to help clear Jimmy s name.
Blake refuses and instead pulls a gun  Jimmy attempts to wrestle the gun away  accidentally shooting and killing Blake in the process.
The police  alerted  storm Blake s hideout and arrest his men  along with Jimmy.
Back  the judge  understanding  acquits Jimmy of manslaughter.
Jimmy accuses his parents.
However  the judge also finds him guilty and gives him a five year.
Suspended sentence and two years probation and remands him until he is.
The judge then addresses Jimmy s parents  warning.
Any young man could suffer the same fate if left to neglectful parents.
The film concludes.
The production company is paying all costs to send the film overseas.
I Accuse.
My Parents was featured.
<EOS>
Old farmer Krestan owns a little land and few animals.
He intends to inherit.
Krestan is reluctant to hand over his property.
When the government announces a plan to collectivize all the farms.
His neighbors share his sentiments.
But  they happily join in.
When they realize the great advantages.
<EOS>
The story is set and concerns a pickpocket and a photographer.
A more substantial plot summary is available and needs to be translated to English to include here.
<EOS>
The comedic story depicts a playwright attempting to write a play and getting distracted by noisy children  neighbors  and his wife.
The film opens depicting a local house  newly up for rent.
The two stumble only to be interrupted.
When Shibano accidentally falls.
The woman ends up dissolving the situation.
Who appears to scold them.
Shibano finally states his desire to move previously.
Soon  Shibano and his family have moved  but he is late on his deadline for a new script.
The family is running low.
He hopes to be inspired and to finish the script.
When they move.
His first attempts do not go so well.
The neighbors were also distracting.
They hosted the practices.
He was invited to stay and watch the rehearsal  she is the same woman.
When Shibano went next door to ask them to quiet down.
Who previously intervened.
He listens and becomes infected with the new jazz fever of the period.
The group practices and treats Shibano to drink.
The song  about the Age inspires him to go home and finish his script  the movie ends with a more modernized family reflecting on their differences from the local farmers.
<EOS>
Two men come to get barrels of animal fat  lion skins and tusks.
Tarzan tries to help a baby elephant  one.
He takes the elephant.
Who have pitched their tents.
The hunters turn up and pretend and have the doctor escort them.
They are photographers.
Where the animals are.
They leave the doctor and start killing animals.
His assistant finds out.
They are evil and goes after them but needs Tarzan s help when she stumbles.
He rescues her.
She says.
She needs a bath so Tarzan throws her.
They reach a tribe.
Who worship animals and who are Tarzan s friends.
However  the tribe hear and decide to kill the doctor and his assistant.
Animals are being slaughtered.
He led them there.
Tarzan goes.
They end up getting their just deserts.
He arrives back to save the doc and his assistant from the lions in the pit.
They have been thrown.
<EOS>
The story begins in the barnyard.
Foghorn is playing solitaire.
The Dawg approaches  striking them together twice  once over Foghorn s head and the second time with Foghorn s head in between.
Foghorn counters.
The Dawg  his face covered  chases Foghorn but is strangled by his rope.
Foghorn returns  and  uses a straight razor to remove the cream from the Dawg s face.
The Dawg becomes incapacitated.
When Foghorn places a large metal pipe.
Foghorn then gets a scalding hot towel and places in on the helpless Dawg s face.
Henery enters the scene looking.
Henery approaches the Dawg.
Who is sharpening an ax  and thinking the Dawg is a chicken tries to pull him from behind with the Dawg s neck rope.
The Dawg explains.
He is not a chicken.
Then points.
Who is.
Henery starts out.
The Dawg stops him and states.
Henery has to out-trick Foghorn if he is going to catch him.
Henery attracts Foghorn s attention.
Foghorn helps Henery.
Henery launches the pumpkin.
He walks away.
Hits him.
Henery tells Foghorn.
He wants to capture him.
Playing along  Foghorn replies.
He is too old and tough to be used.
Foghorn tells Henery.
A better choice would be pheasant.
Henery  not knowing  asks Foghorn.
What pheasant is.
Where he can find one.
Foghorn naturally points  telling Henery.
A pheasant lives inside.
Foghorn provides Henery.
Henery walks and places it over him.
The Dawg runs out but is again constrained by his rope.
Foghorn returns with a set of golf clubs  placing a golf ball on the Dawg s nose.
Foghorn swings  but hits the Dawg  sending the Dawg toward a tree.
Foghorn then covers Henery.
Henery is led to believe.
He is invisible.
Henery.
The Dawg is a pheasant.
The Dawg uses a mirror to prove.
He is not really invisible and that he has been tricked again.
The Dawg runs out but is stopped by the rope again.
Foghorn returns.
He stuffs while playing the instrument.
Foghorn convinces Henery to resume his quest  citing historical episodes.
The Dawg finally explains to Henery and asks Henery to unhook his.
He should be after chicken.
The Dawg lures Foghorn.
They start a fight.
The story closes.
That  pheasant or chicken  he will fricassee the loser.
<EOS>
Thomas  a trouble thirteen-year-old boy  picking flowers  is surprised by Martin  an escaped convict.
Who demands that the boy brings him some money later that day.
The boy does not know.
Where to get money  the criminal  tells him to ask his parents.
My parents are dead  the boy says.
His parents  Maurice and Lili  are alive.
They are separated both live near the boy s grandparent s house.
Thomas  disaffected  goes to a boarding catholic school but is spending the weekend with his family and is going to have first communion.
His grandmother is arranging to celebrate that special day and hopes.
Her daughter and son would reconcile.
The boy tries to get the money.
Then sees her sad and   gives it back to her  admitting.
What he s done.
He goes to get money and eventually scrounges some out of his grumpy grandfather.
Who just wants to go fishing.
The convict s accomplice  Luc  decides.
When the boy returns to give Martin the money.
The boy is too much and tries to kill him.
Martin saves Thomas s life killing his accomplice.
Lili Ravenel   is worried.
Who is emotionally close and distant.
He is not doing well  according to the school s chaplain.
Who comes.
Lili  trapped  runs a nightclub.
Is situated just at the water s edge.
Pushed  she had married Maurice against her better judgment and now needs to escape the stifling effects of her union with him.
He continues to want her.
Maurice threatens to remove the care and custody from her.
Lili has to perform her marital duties even.
Maurice screens old home-movies and gone.
Martin arrives to have a drink at a bar by a river.
That is.
Where Lili works.
He has no money.
She arranges for the fugitive to take a room at a local hotel.
Her son tells her the story   but she realizes.
When she arrives home.
It was a dream he had.
The convict is the man.
She just left.
The celebration goes on with little family harmony.
Thomas wishes that an atomic bomb would destroy his school.
The grandmother tries to keep the family together.
Alice  the convicts  shared girlfriend comes  gun to help them escape to Tangier.
They have been inseparable.
Martin tells her.
He was forced to kill Luc.
Lili s suspicions are confirmed.
When she witnesses the efforts to hide the corpse on a graveyard.
Martin lets.
Her go and leaves the town.
He changed his mind.
Returns alone and goes to the bar in search of Lili.
They are smitten  she takes the bold decision to run away with him without a hint of regret or lingering doubt.
Lili tells her mother.
What she plans to do  but does not change her mind.
The boy s teacher and confessor confronts him.
Him to tell the truth.
That same stormy night  Thomas escapes.
He discovers Lili and Martin making love.
When he arrives.
Thomas runs.
Shots Martin.
When Martin goes.
Alice kills herself smashing her sport car against a wall.
The next morning Lili goes to see Thomas.
Who is staying.
Maurice only allows her to see him.
She is there.
Later  Lili tells the truth and incriminates herself.
She leaves the village detained.
Thomas is riding his bike.
<EOS>
The voice is heard vainly summoning the poet   to stand and be Chaired.
The camera pans.
Who sign his work.
The film then flashes back.
Ellis Humphrey Evans composes poetry for local eisteddfodau under the bardic name Hedd Wyn.
A friend and student minister William Morris  advises Ellis.
His verse possesses a passion which better educated poets lack.
Therefore   Ellis could win the National Eisteddfod.
Ellis smiles and quips.
Where do you think all that passion comes.
Britain declares war on the German Empire.
An Anglican minister gives a rowsing sermon.
Demands immediate enlistment.
Disgusted  William Morris calls the Anglican minister  a disgrace  and tells those nearby not to be deceived.
Several young men from Trawsfynydd join the British Army  including Ellis  friend Griff Jones.
Ellis refuses to enlist and states.
He does nt think he can kill anyone.
Ellis  fiancee  Lizzie Roberts  accuses him of being  afraid of becoming a man.
Ellis attempts to mend his relationship with Lizzie  only to find.
She has taken up.
It is nothing personal  she says coldly  I just do nt like your clothes.
Later   Moi Davies are giving Griff.
Who is now.
Lizzie appears.
A fellow villagers sing the recruiting song  Your King and Country Want You.
Ellis spots her and begins to loudly sing Myfanwy  a song.
Sensing Lizzie s distress  her new beau punches Ellis  screaming  You re upsetting the lady.
Noticing her interest  Ellis asks for Jini s address and sends her a letter.
Soon the two are deeply.
Simultaneously  Ellis develops a close friendship.
Who is his sister s teacher.
He explains.
Whenever a poem is lacking  he will cast it  and that it will always return to him stronger.
Ellis encounters two hideously disfigured war veterans.
The soldiers accuse Ellis of cowardice for remaining a civilian.
They threaten to mail him a white feather.
Ellis quips  You do nt have any wings  let.
Ultimately  Lizzie returns.
She informs Ellis.
He was right.
Later   Ellis visits her sickbed and promises to bring her.
Lizzie lays dying.
An official of the draft board arrives at the family farm and takes down the names of Ellis and his brother Bob  despite the resistance of Ellis  mother.
The Crown informs the Evans family.
One must join the British Army.
Ellis refuses to permit this.
Seventeen year old Bob longs to enlist instead.
Horrified  Jini pleads with Ellis to led Bob enlist in his place.
Enraged  Ellis states.
If Bob were injured or killed  he could never live.
Ellis departs by train join the Royal Welch Fusiliers in Liverpool.
Ellis and his fellow Fusiliers continue their training in good spirits and are sent to France.
Facing  Ellis pleads to send his awdl Yr Arwr via the Army Postal Service.
What may be his last chance to win the Eisteddfod.
The young officer   at first refuses  suspecting the poem to be a coded message.
Who is unable to read Welsh.
Eventually he relents  mails Ellis  submission  and praises him.
July 1917  the Fusiliers go over the top and into the Battle of Passchendaele.
Crawling  Ellis witnesses his fellow soldiers being shot and blown to pieces around him.
He is wounded by shrapnel and crumples to the ground.
Ellis is evacuated to an aid post.
Where he succumbs.
His devastated parents receive a telegram.
Carries news.
Jini weeps inconsolably.
She reads Ellis  last letter  in which her beloved used a poem to propose marriage.
Mary Catherine   casts the manuscript to Ellis  poem Rhyfel into the river.
The Evans family receives another telegram.
Announces that Ellis  submission has won the National Eisteddfod.
Williams Parry s Englynion coffa Hedd Wyn  the Chair is delivered.
Ellis has dreamed.
<EOS>
He realizes.
When Alan  a successful writer  moves his family to Ojai.
His neighbors are not the stereotypical posh East End residents.
They are the opposite.
Prone to accidental violence and marijuana use  the Bums have decided to make a documentary.
Alan watches.
Fate makes him an integral part.
<EOS>
Billy Behan is a poor 15-year-old kid.
Dutch Schultz takes him under his wing  Billy adopts the name of a neighborhood street and begins to work for the organization.
Billy is taught the ropes.
Dutch  meanwhile  is busy trying to beat a rap and also determine.
Whether his partner Bo Weinberg has been betraying him.
It is Billy.
Though he likes Bo.
Who eventually helps prove that Bo lied.
Dutch and his thugs take Bo captive and prepare to send him.
Dutch proceeds to claim the attentions has been seeing.
Who clearly has a weakness.
Facing a court case  Dutch brings along his protege Billy and the sophisticated lady Drew to put up a front of respectability  ingratiating himself to the locals with good manners and money.
Billy s job is to keep an eye.
His boss Dutch stands trial.
Who likes having Billy s eye.
She bathes nude.
Billy falls and admires his new boss  at least until witnessing.
How ruthless a criminal Dutch really is.
Unable to intervene  the best Billy can do.
The end is try to save Drew s life and his own.
<EOS>
The official website describes the film  Expanding.
They developed.
Neither a traditional documentary nor a travelogue  Samsara takes the form.
<EOS>
Mike  a recent transplant  has broken up with his long-time girlfriend of six years and is still having trouble letting go and moving on.
His friend Trent takes him.
Trent picks up a cocktail waitress and her actress friend.
Mike s obsession spoils the one-night stand.
Back  Mike attends various Hollywood and Los Feliz hot spots  including The Derby  The Dresden Room and the Hollywood Hills Coffee Shop  while his friends  Rob  Charles and Sue coach him on the rules of seduction.
Mike makes several awkward attempts.
They all end disastrously.
The group discusses movies  video games  and their floundering careers in show business.
He finally connects.
When Mike learns to accept himself and eschew the pretenses and self-promotion involved.
The next day  he gets a call.
He s been obsessed.
When Lorraine rings in.
Trent interrupts to make a disastrous attempt.
Discussing Mike s new situation.
Mike smiles.
Trent tries to recover.
The tables turn.
<EOS>
Shirley  a fiery Bronx bombshell  has become the target.
She ca nt figure out why.
<EOS>
A London gay couple  Kevin and Will  face a grim morning after  anxiously waiting.
Detective Sargeant Russell is trying to pacify Lisa.
Whose boyfriend seems to be missing.
There s a body.
Something happened the previous night  but.
Who s going to pick up the pieces.
<EOS>
The five children being drowned in the family bathroom by their mother.
Itself   the Mother suffers a psychotic break down due to postpartum depression and after only being home a day.
Is set.
Her husband  a truck driver  hits the road again.
It s all too much.
Her and she snaps  begins to break things.
She then calmly walks away.
Jimmy  the eldest son  trying to keep his younger brother and sister calm  starts cleaning up.
Soon he decides to check and discovers the horrible truth.
His baby brother is dead.
She s preparing to take care.
Now hope rests on the shoulder of Jimmy  the eldest son and surrogate man of the house.
He knocks her out  Jimmy gets his brother and tells him to ride for help while trying to get his sister to safety.
Using his wits and intricate knowledge  Jimmy must try to protect his siblings while fending off the woman.
He has always known and loved.
Only one survives.
The mother stalks a further two down and kills them in typical slasher style.
Jimmy manages to survive up.
His father arrives back.
The film then cuts.
Jimmy is set to come home.
His father then tells Jimmy.
His mother is also coming home  much.
We are then shown the mother  stood pregnant and singing rock-a-bye baby.
<EOS>
One winter s night J.
P.
Berthon  Barjout  and Rene set.
Out a local Arab man.
The four follow the man.
The car starts smoking  causing them to crash.
They are.
Barjout is knocked unconscious.
The others are unharmed.
A woman threatens to call the police.
The remaining three are about to attack the quite fearless Arab.
Impersonating a police-officer  J.
P.
Heads. 
When an Afro-French denizen accuses J.
P.
He becomes angered and begins insulting him  only to discover.
The black man is a police commissioner.
Meanwhile  Berthon and Rene are keeping watch.
One detaches and hits Berthon in the head  knocking him out cold.
When Rene begins showing off his skills.
Barjout regains consciousness and decides to investigate.
Rene tries to resuscitate Berthon.
What has happened.
P.
Barjout threatens the black man.
When J.
P.
Tries to tell him J.
He is a commissioner  Barjout accidentally opens fire and kills.
P.
Suddenly  he begins hearing the disembodied voices.
P.
And now the Arab is speaking.
Barjout awakens  realizing the events were nothing more.
He had while waiting.
The film ends.
<EOS>
President Kongi  the dictator  is trying to modernize his nation after deposing King Oba Danlola.
The different tribes are resisting unification  so he tries to reach his goal.
He deposed.
He demands tribute.
Danlola s former lover Segi brings the dictator the head.
<EOS>
Raja feels stifled.
Chandrasekhar.
It is the last straw.
When his father picks a girl he does nt like for him to marry.
He runs away.
There he teams up.
They come up.
Vishwanathan is.
Chandrasekhar s friend and it is Indu.
Raja was supposed to marry.
But Vishwanathan now mistakes Vasu to be his friend s son and takes him.
Raja is hired to be his driver.
It succeeds.
The movie is not a continuous comic ride.
There is nothing light.
The handling may be lightweight.
There are several twists and turns.
Perk it up and make sure.
The comic momentum never flags.
Sundar periodically introduces subplots to murder their boss and new characters like the second Manivannan.
The story is itself quite common.
These are twists.
Help. 
The movie has a rich stock.
Quite a few find their mark.
But.
Rely purely and lose steam after a while.
Are quite hilarious.
The scene is one such sequence.
Where almost the whole cast ends up.
The scene   is expertly choreographed and presented.
Has them scrambling around to find hiding places.
The scene is another successful scene.
Where Karthik and Koundamani negotiate.
Koundamani s reactions are hilarious.
The ransom inexplicably goes lower.
There are some smaller sequences too -LCB- -LCB- Who -RCB-.
Manage to tickle our.
Funny bone and Sundar makes sure that none extend out too long to exhaust the laughs.
The parts are clever and funny.
Where Karthik and Koundamani have to dupe both Jaiganesh and Manivannan.
Senthil and his partner do their part to dispose of Manivannan.
The comic vein extends.
Most are copied from old Tamil movie Sabaash Meena  starring Sivaji Ganesan  Chandrababu  Saroja Devi.
<EOS>
Emperor Tod Spengo   takes over a small planet at the edge of the galaxy populated entirely by idiots  and renames it after himself.
He orders is to destroy Earth  thus making Spengo the greatest planet.
All the resources should be engaged to create his Super Death Ray Laser  the laser s purpose.
He sees Marge Nelson exercising -- and falls.
When Spengo looks.
Using his Magnobeam  he kidnaps Marge and her husband  Dick.
They are to a 20th-anniversary weekend  hoping to make Marge his before he blows up the Earth.
Dick and Marge get separated  Marge is sent to the lap of luxury  waited on by small people with fish or dog heads.
Dick is thrown.
However  Dick meets.
The rightful king  who has plans hidden in his pants for his son  called the White Bird  out in the desert.
Spengo quickly finds  so he tries to read Dick s mind.
His advances are failing.
Order to discover the secret.
One of the Destroyers  Sibor  has a change of heart.
When asked to execute the Earthman.
Encouraging Dick to not lose his woman and their love  the diminutive Destroyer frees Dick and helps him break out.
Dick is soon discovered and forced down a garbage chute to the sewers.
He is approached.
Dick attempts to pet the.
It immediately reveals its true carnivorous nature  forcing him to run.
Dick manages to escape the sewers and steal an escape pod  and winds up crashing miles away.
Where he meets the rightful king s son  Sirk  and daughter  Semage  as well as their followers.
All are dressed as 6-foot-tall birds.
Such creatures are not naturally found.
The only weapons are rocks  their intelligence and a number.
They have to fight the Emperor and the Destroyers.
Completely disintegrate anyone who picks one up.
The rebels do nt trust Dick and begin to torture him.
Their attitude quickly changes.
When Dick reveals that he shared a cell and that he is on their side.
Dick rises.
Using  he devises a plan to sneak back and save Marge.
What little resources he can scrounge up.
He even inspires Raff s followers.
Which he says.
Because you re stupid that does nt mean you ca nt rule a planet.
Hey.
General Afir   believes  so he hatches a plan to stop the megalomaniac.
Who appears to be the only intelligent person.
Dick and Marge are the key.
He switches.
The love serum meant with water and informs her of his intentions to search for Dick.
Spengo overhears Afir s plan and has him placed  to die.
When Earth is destroyed.
A detachment of Spengo s soldiers go into the desert to finish the rebels  but find their camp deserted  and one by one.
They fall victim.
Dick approaches Spengo s fortress with a large wooden bust of Spengo  reading In Tod We Trust.
Spengo says.
It is an obvious trick.
He tells the guards to bring it in.
Dick and the others emerge from the Trojan bust.
The final battle begins.
Tod retreats to his lab with Marge and prepares to fire the laser at Earth.
Dick and Tod clash.
Neither gains the upper hand.
Both are clumsy fighters.
Marge manages to use Dick s sword to cut her bonds and helps Dick defeat Tod and knock him.
I love.
You s  the bound and gagged Afir gives them a muffled reminder.
They manage to shut it off.
The countdown makes it.
Meanwhile  Tod crash lands.
Where he is soon confronted.
He reverses the polarity to send Dick and Marge back home to Northern California.
The rightful king is reinstated.
They arrive home to the station wagon  and then proceed to show their son  daughter.
Her boyfriend slides.
What they claim.
Their daughter  Stephanie and her boyfriend  Carl  find the images weird.
Their son  Alan enjoys it.
To end their anniversary  Dick and Marge share drinks  watching the stars.
<EOS>
The Pink Panther decides to construct and fly a kite.
A dog promptly jumps right.
The panther rebuilds his kite and attempts to fly it  and   the problems begin.
Usual. 
Who is a.
Capping an increasingly destructive series  the panther s kite tracks through the little man s barbecue and catches fire.
It lands.
The house goes up.
The house is reduced to smoldering rubble.
The man goes ballistic and flies a biplane Red Baron-style to shoot down the Pink Panther.
Who is soaring.
<EOS>
It centres.
Who get shrunk and then have to return to normal size.
<EOS>
Michael  the son  is kidnapped.
When he returns home  despite a heavily armed DIA escort.
The kidnapper is a former DIA agent named Sever.
Former FBI agent Jeremiah Ecks is asked to investigate the case.
Ecks realizes.
The kidnapper must be one.
Gant orders his DIA agents led  to pursue Sever.
Ecks discovers.
Gant stole a dangerous nanobot assassin  which operates.
Gant had placed the nanobot.
Order to smuggle it.
We see.
Gant is married.
It is later revealed.
Gant separated Vinn and Ecks.
Vinn was officially declared dead and had a closed-casket funeral attended.
Gant had also facilitated a mission.
Which Sever s husband and child are killed.
Sever blames Gant but it is actually Ecks.
It initially appears that Sever has kidnapped Gant s son  Michael  but we later learn that Michael is not Gant s son.
Who is Michael s father.
Sever has kidnapped Michael to keep him safe.
A final battle happens.
There  Ross and Gant confront Ecks and Sever.
Who have teamed up to defeat Gant.
A long battle follows  with Ecks and Sever eventually getting the upper hand on the DIA agents sent to kill them.
Ross confronts Sever.
Eventually Sever wins the fight and kills Ross to the neck.
It is then revealed  he is surprised to learn.
Gant has placed the nanobot but as he attempts to retrieve it.
It is nt there.
Sever then shoots Gant with the bullet prepared earlier with the nanobot  produces the remote for the nanobot and presses the button - killing him.
Sever escapes.
The police and FBI arrive.
The film concludes overlooking the sea and Ecks thanking Sever for reuniting him with his family.
<EOS>
Peter Grey is a successful New York chef  disgruntled from the food critic J.
T.
Franks.
Grey is fired by his boss Gordon.
He kidnaps Franks  takes him  and forces him to cook his own ` perfect dinner.
<EOS>
Claude is an 8-year-old Jewish boy living during the Nazi occupation.
To reduce the chance  his parents send him to live.
He would be sent.
The elderly couple honestly think  it never crosses their mind.
The boy has been sent to live because Paris is dangerous.
Claude is a Jew.
Claude is given a new last name  is taught Claude s strange prudishness.
A few things  such as the Lord s Prayer  and most important  is told to never let anyone see his circumcised penis  thus.
Otherwise  he plays well the part grateful to be safe in the countryside  building a warm relationship with Pepe and Meme  his simple and likeable surrogate grandparents.
They form a strong and mutually affectionate bond.
There is a fly  Claude s willing protectors share in the prejudices common to their time and place  anti-Semitism included.
They believe World War II to be the fault of all  the British.
Who can never be trusted.
Pepe even considers Marshal Philippe Petain  the puppet ruling France.
Pepe attempts to pass his anti-Semitic convictions.
The boy plays along  teasing him about his prejudices but never revealing the truth about himself.
<EOS>
The story follows Moist von Lipwig.
Who finds himself caught by the guards  the sergeant being a werewolf  and is sentenced to death under the alias of Albert Spangler.
He is hanged by the neck  but not killed.
He is brought.
Who insists that he either becomes the new Postmaster or be executed.
Moist attempts to escape but is caught and brought to the rundown post office  the pin-obsessed Stanley Howler.
Where he meets his two staff  Junior Postman Tolliver Groat and his assistant.
Moist learns.
The post office has been superseded.
Initially Moist attempts to escape his duty  but realises  so he goes to help understand.
He can not get away.
Golems are created and controlled.
There he meets Adora Belle Dearheart.
Whom he begins to have feelings.
His skills prove to be useful.
When he invents the postage stamp  and when he starts an express post service to neighbouring cities.
These feelings are heightened.
Staying begins to experience visions which show him that some of his confidence tricks led to tragedies for those he conned  which result in him starting to have feelings of remorse for the first time.
When he discovers that Adora Belle s father  Richard Dearheart  was indirectly a victim of his cons  and as a result lost ownership of his invention  the Clacks.
Moist confesses his past misdeeds  so Moist sets his own safety aside and runs into the burning building to rescue Stanley Howler.
As the post office is set alight.
He encounters Mr Gryle  a banshee assassin.
Who confesses that he killed the previous four Postmasters.
Moist calls.
As Mr Gryle is about to strike.
They do.
The burning means  so Moist comes up with a plan to draw people back to the post office by pretending.
The people are turning to the Clacks for sending their messages.
He has experienced a vision telling him where the gods have buried money to help repair the post office.
This helps draws people back  so Moist announces a new long distance delivery service.
Meanwhile Adora Belle Dearheart is working to jam up the Clacks with the help of a group of hackers called The Smoking Gnu.
They succeed.
The Clacks  chief engineer  Mr Pony  finds a way.
Mr Pony begins to see and presents Adora to prove.
Working is wrong.
Gilt had the past four postmasters  as well as Adora s brother  killed.
Is a biography  to uberwald.
When an attempt to jam the Clacks fails Moist challenges Gilt - Clacks versus post office - the message to be sent.
Moist and Adora employ a disused Clack tower to intercept and successfully change the message to a confession of Gilt s guilt   so Gilt is arrested.
Is witnessed.
Adora is made manager.
A postman arrives at Vetinari s palace to deliver a letter to Gilt  using one of his aliases.
Vetinari implies.
Gilt killed himself.
<EOS>
A widow Sunandha lives with her child.
Desperate to earn a living  she starts a kindergarten school.
A tragic event complicates their living situation.
As her life seems to be headed.
<EOS>
Elisabeth falls with Reinhardt.
He leaves their native village to study music  travel the world and build his career.
His most important compositions are inspired.
Elisabeth marries Erich  the wealthy heir.
She visits him and finds a strange woman asleep in his bed.
Reinhardt returns to win her back.
Erich releases her  telling her.
All that he wants is for her to be happy.
This causes Elisabeth to realise.
She tells Erich.
She loves him  and remains.
Many years have passed  Erich is dead.
Elisabeth and Reinhardt   meet after a performance of his Seerosen  at the end of the film  she tells him.
Who is now a renowned composer.
She will remain true.
He leaves.
The film is loosely based.
<EOS>
Small-time pool hustler Fast Eddie Felson travels cross-country with his partner Charlie to challenge the legendary player Minnesota Fats.
Arriving  Eddie declares.
He will win $ 10000 that night.
Fats arrives.
He and Eddie agree to play.
Eddie surges back to being $ 1000 ahead and suggests raising the bet to $ 1000 a game  Fats agrees.
He sends out a runner  Preacher  to Johnny s Bar  ostensibly.
Really to get professional gambler Bert Gordon.
Eddie gets ahead $.
Charlie tries to convince him to quit  but Eddie insists.
The game will end only when Fats says it is over.
Fats agrees to continue.
Bert labels Eddie a loser.
Eddie is ahead over $ 18000  but loses it all along with all but $ 200 of his original stake.
Eddie leaves half of the remaining stake with a sleeping Charlie and leaves.
Eddie stashes his belongings.
Where he meets Sarah Packard  an alcoholic college girl who walks.
He meets her again.
They go back.
She refuses to let him  saying.
He is too hungry.
Eddie moves and starts hustling for small stakes.
He finds Sarah again.
This time she takes him  but with reservations.
Charlie finds Eddie and tries to persuade him to go back out on the road.
Eddie refuses.
Charlie figures out.
He plans to challenge Fats again.
Eddie realizes.
Charlie held out his percentage and becomes enraged  believing that with that money he could have rebounded to beat Fats.
Eddie dismisses Charlie and tells him to go lie down and die by himself.
Eddie finds a poker game.
Where Bert is sitting.
Eddie loses $.
Bert tells Eddie.
He has talent.
He figures.
Eddie will need at least $ 3000 to challenge Fats again.
Bert calls him a born loser but nevertheless offers him in return for 75 % of his winnings.
Eddie refuses.
Eddie hustles a local pool shark.
Whose friend breaks Eddie s thumbs.
Sarah cares and tells him she loves him.
He can not say the words.
Eddie agrees  deciding.
When his thumbs heal.
A twenty-five percent slice is better than a hundred percent slice of nothing.
Bert  Eddie and Sarah travel.
Where Bert arranges a match against a wealthy local socialite named Findley.
The game turns out to be carom billiards  not pool.
Eddie loses badly.
Bert refuses to keep staking him.
Sarah pleads to leave with her  saying  he refuses.
The world he is living in and its inhabitants are perverted  twisted and crippled.
Seeing Eddie s anger  Bert agrees to let the match continue.
Eddie comes back to win $.
He collects his $ 3000 share and decides to walk back.
Bert arrives first and subjects Sarah.
She scrawls PERVERTED  TWISTED  and CRIPPLED in lipstick on the bathroom mirror.
Eddie arrives back.
She has killed herself.
Eddie returns to challenge Fats again  putting up his entire $ 3000 stake.
He wins game  beating Fats so badly.
Fats is forced to quit.
Bert demands a share and threatens Eddie over the issue.
Eddie  invoking the memory  shames Bert into giving up his claim.
However  Bert warns Eddie never to walk again.
<EOS>
The film portrays.
A 1960s rock n roll band called Eddie and the Cruisers.
The band makes a name.
Playing regularly  New Jersey club called Tony Mart s.
It is there  and.
They meet Frank Ridgeway  whom Eddie Wilson hires to be the band s keyboard player and lyricist.
Whom he nicknames Wordman.
Doc Robbins and Sal Amato are skeptical.
Who is not a trained musician or experienced song writer.
Eddie believes.
Frank is crucial.
The band stops playing cover songs and releases an album of original material  Tender Years   On the Dark Side.
Instantly becomes a hit  especially.
The band members spend a year recording their next album  A Season   leading to arguments between him and band manager Doc Robbins.
Which Eddie s artistic and creative talents often are buried.
Bassist Sal Amato tells Eddie.
He does nt understand what he s looking  to which Eddie responds that he wants to be great.
Sal replies.
We re not great.
We re just some guys.
Eddie makes it clear.
If the band can not be great  then there is no reason to ever play music again.
The band s second album is a culmination.
Eddie had ever hoped to do  different from anything that anyone else had ever done to that point.
He was satisfied.
However  it is controversial and considered dark and strange and is rejected  not to be released.
Satin refuses to release the new album.
Eddie s body is never found.
He is declared dead.
Almost 20 years later  Satin re-releases the band s first album.
Becomes a surprise hit  climbing higher than it had on its original release.
The producers decide to do a documentary on the band  with an attempt to bring light to the band s second album.
Disappeared after Eddie s alleged death.
It revolves around the other members  and their memories of the band.
The namesake is the band s lead singer.
All have moved on with their lives except saxophone player Wendell Newton.
Who had died at age.
Only Sal Amato remained  leading a new lineup of Cruisers.
Ridgeway is now working  Doc is a local radio disc jockey.
Drummer Kenny Hopkins works.
Much takes place in flashback  prompted by television reporter Maggie Foley s interviews with the band members.
Tensions building during the flashback sequences coincide with Frank s willingness to be more open with Maggie.
Frank recalls.
The band wanted to play where Frank was a student.
Eddie felt uncomfortable there  stating.
They would not belong there if it was not their kind.
He angrily tries to get back by referring to him as Toby Tyler to the audience.
When Eddie sees Frank kissing Joann Carlino  Eddie s girlfriend.
When naming off his band members look bad.
Eddie realizes his error and reconciles  telling Frank.
When Frank tries to quit.
They need each other.
The story s climax involves Joann  completing the one piece.
Frank could not.
What happened the night that Satin refused to release the band s second album.
She reveals.
It was she who took the master tapes for A Season in Hell from Satin Records  hiding them in the Palace of Depression  where she felt they belonged.
Frank and Joann go back to retrieve the master tapes.
She receives.
A phone call she believes to be.
Frank does not believe it to be Eddie  and a voice.
Who called her  and hides outside and watches as a blue 57 Chevy  identical  arrives at the house.
Sounds to her.
Frank pulls the driver.
Joann can reach the car.
Who turns out to be the band s old manager  who was using the trickery to obtain possession.
They nonetheless give him the tapes.
He promises to release.
The film closes.
The credits roll.
A song is premiered for the first time.
The crowd walks away  leaving only one person standing at the window.
The reflection appears  revealing it to be the long-lost Eddie Wilson.
Much older  he smiles serenely  proud to know.
He disappears.
<EOS>
Futile Attraction is.
Which the main characters are so incompatible that the film crew have to manipulate and lie in order to keep them together.
Randal is a telemarketer.
Who has never quite broken away.
Who agrees to be filmed to publicise the threat a new dam poses to her favourite stream.
Presenter Dudley   clashes with Anne.
Who is willing to do anything to get himself looking good.
Who prefers to ignore their boss s ever-changing scripting instructions to a more objective look at the reality of the relationship.
<EOS>
A man called.
Pu Yung Tsai lives.
Pu Yung Tsai buys an antique desk and inside is a suicide letter written by a young woman called Wei Hsiao Tieh.
Pu Yung Tsai replies and gives up 3 years of his life  so the woman is able to come back to earth and get away from her forced marriage.
Then Pu Yung Tsai splits up.
He caught her having an affair.
Pu Yung Tsai then begins a relationship.
Afterwards May wants to get back together.
Her rich boyfriend has dumped her.
She stages a suicide but it backfires.
She dies.
She then returns.
She chases them but then Wei Hsiao Tieh turns up after making a deal with her husband to go back to him.
He will get rid.
The husband then turns up and eats May and then returns back.
<EOS>
Jim Gordon leads the Flying Tigers  a legendary unit not sanctioned.
His men fly Curtiss P-40 fighters in the skies over China.
The pilots are a mixed bunch  motivated.
One day  old friend Woody Jason enlists.
An arrogant  hot-shot aviator  he starts causing trouble immediately.
The enthusiastic new arrival goes  taking up a fighter aircraft without permission  not realizing until too late.
When the Japanese raid the base.
It has no ammunition.
He is shot down.
He is unharmed.
The precious fighter is a wreck.
He shows.
Time goes on.
He has little use  alienating and endangering the other pilots.
He abandons his wingman  Blackie Bales  to chase a Japanese airplane.
Blackie is killed after bailing out of his crippled fighter.
Woody starts romancing nurse Brooke Elliott.
Who had been waiting to notice her.
One night  they go.
Jim s right hand man  Hap Smith  secretly takes his place.
When he is late getting back.
His vision had deteriorated.
Hap is unable to judge distances accurately and winds up dying in a collision with a Japanese aircraft.
This proves to be the final straw.
Jim fires Woody  explaining.
Sitting. 
It s out now.
None will ever fly with you again.
And they ` have.
The date is Sunday  December 7  1941  the date.
Brings the United States.
A day later  Jim receives word.
A vital bridge has to be destroyed.
The target is so heavily defended.
The only way that has a chance is to try to sneak in with a single cargo aircraft and bomb it.
It would be a one-way trip.
Jim flies the plane.
Woody invites himself  much to Jim s irritation.
They bomb the bridge too late to stop a crucial supply train.
The aircraft is hit and catches fire.
Jim bails out  expecting Woody to follow.
However  Woody has concealed the fact.
He has been hit from a flak burst.
He crashes  destroying it at the cost of his own life.
Woody has written a goodbye letter  he has asked his scarf be given to the next pilot.
Jim and Brooke read.
Who thinks it will be an easy ride.
Jim calls the new pilot into his office.
Where he briefs him and gives him Woody s scarf saying it belonged.
The Flying Tigers take off watching from a window.
They soar overhead.
<EOS>
Ravi  Shiv and Sunny  three final year students decided to make their diploma film about a myth.
Was prevalent.
But  they did not know.
The myth would turn out to be the truth.
Film is clearly inspired.
Ravi planned the trip.
Both thought it to be a dangerous trip.
However  Sunny eagerly joined the trip considering it.
It was surely fun  But their courage and beliefs were put to test.
When they began.
They got deeper.
<EOS>
Bartleby Gaines is a persuasive high-school senior.
Who   creates fake IDs.
His gifts do not extend  however.
He receives rejection letters.
Which he applies.
Bartleby creates a fake college  the South Harmon Institute of Technology.
He is aided.
Who wears Brooks Brothers shirts and has been accepted.
Fellow rejects Rory  a hard-working girl.
Who   failed to get in to Yale University  the only school she applied to  Hands  who lost his athletic scholarship after an injury  and Glen  who got a 0 on the SAT when he neglected to sign his name.
To make the college seem legitimate  Bartleby convinces Sherman to create a fully functional Web site.
Bartleby hires Schrader s uncle  Ben Lewis  to play that role.
When his domineering father insists.
He also leases an abandoned psychiatric hospital adjacent and renovates it to look like a college campus.
The seemingly innocent ploy quickly spins out.
When the Web site  which automatically accepts any applicant  enrolls hundreds.
Bartleby realizes  so he lets  a place accepted.
These people have nowhere else to go.
Them believe that the school is real.
Where they will finally feel.
He has the students make up their own classes and be their own teachers.
A visit disenchants him with traditional college life.
Students write down.
What they want to learn.
Bartleby even goes so far.
To create a school newspaper and a mascot.
Meanwhile  the dean makes plans to construct the Van Horne Gateway  an adjacent park-like verdant buffer zone.
Which the dean hopes to keep knowledge  and ignorance out.
He dispatches Hoyt Ambrose to free up the nearby properties.
Hoyt sets to work trying to reveal the college.
When Bartleby refuses to relinquish the lease.
The dispute turns personal.
Bartleby has been vying.
Hoyt exposes South Harmon through Sherman.
Who is attempting to join Hoyt s fraternity  but is treated with humilation and abuse by his fraternity brothers.
Hoyt forces him to hand over all the files.
He has created.
He then contacts all the students  parents to expose the school.
The Institute is shut down.
Sherman s having taken the initiative to file.
Accreditation gives Bartleby a chance to make his school legitimate.
Bartleby makes an impassioned speech about the failures of conventional education and the importance of following one s own passions instead of being dictated on  convincing the board to grant his school a one-year probation to test his new system.
What to do.
The Institute reopens.
Also  Bartleby finally earns the approval.
Who is proud that his son actually owns a college.
Van Horne is seen walking in the Harmon College parking lot  only to watch it suddenly explode.
The film closes.
The mind-blowing freak is revealed as the culprit.
<EOS>
Diana  Nevs and David were playmates  members of the rich British aristocracy.
Diana and Neville are.
His father opposes the match  disapproving the Merrick family s lifestyle.
Neville is thus sent for business purposes and become wealthier.
David  also in love with Diana and good friends with her brother Jeffry  marries her  after Diana s wait in vain for two years for Neville s return.
David commits suicide without an explanation.
Diana does not explain the reasons.
Jeffry   blames his sister  he falls deeper into alcohol.
Who was deeply connected.
His sister starts a reckless life  seducing man.
Years later  Neville returns to marry Constance.
Jeffry is gravely ill.
Both Diana and Nevs come.
They realize.
They meet.
They are still and spend one night together.
Jeffry passes away.
Neville marries Constance.
A few months go  Diana falls ill and is visited by Neville -- Diana professes her love for him.
Realizing Constance is.
She reveals the reason  he was a thief  pursued by the Police.
Diana  realizing  tells him.
Their love will ruin him.
His wife is pregnant and sends him away.
Diana drives herself  in front and swore eternal fidelity.
Which she and Neville had fallen.
<EOS>
DSP Shiv Kumar played  returns home to his wife Sheetal and their young daughter and announces.
He has been transferred.
Shiv Kumar has two brothers  Vijay and Ravi.
Who live.
They are intelligent  capable guys but spend their time loafing and swindling unsuspecting people.
However  a mystery man tries to assassinate Shiv Kumar.
Shiv survives both the times.
Vijay and Ravi team up.
Who are a similar swindler pair.
Vijay meets Sunita  yet another fraudster.
One eventually backfires and lands Vijay and Ravi in jail.
Shiv bails them out and reads them the riot act.
Vijay and Ravi advise him to find a different line of work  arguing.
His profession is unpredictable  dangerous and unsuitable.
Shiv stands firm  citing his undying patriotic commitment.
The film introduces Shakaal.
Shakaal is an international crimelord.
He operates.
Shakaal is a sadistic villain.
Who rejoices.
Shiv Kumar gets progressively closer.
Shakaal has Shiv Kumar brought.
He compliments Shiv  and offers him to come to the other side.
True  Shiv Kumar firmly refuses the offer.
Shakaal tries to kill him.
Shiv breaks loose and tries to escape.
Shakaal unleashes wild dogs and eventually shoots him dead upon the beach.
Lament their tragic loss  the mysterious man.
Who tried to kill Shiv shows up.
Sheetal angrily identifies him.
The man introduces himself  a marksman and former circus performer.
Who used to shoot targets blindfolded.
He was recruited to assassinate Shiv Kumar  by keeping Rakesh s wife hostage.
Rakesh deliberately missed Shiv  hoping.
It would buy him time to rescue his wife.
An angry Shakaal killed his wife.
Rakesh sought.
They could work together to bring down Shakaal.
The trio seek the aid.
Abdul is a beggar.
Who is also the.
The trio manage to find and destroy Shakaal s contraband hideouts in the city.
Enraged  Shakaal kidnaps Sheetal and has her brought.
Vijay  Ravi and Rakesh fume  knowing.
Sheetal will almost certainly be killed and that they have no clue.
Jagmohan  another of Shakaal s aides  offers his help to the group to gain entry in Shakaal s hideout.
Who has been mercilessly crippled.
Posing  Vijay and Ravi enter the island and perform for Shakaal.
Shakaal  however  reveals.
Jagmohan was deliberately sent to trap them.
Jagmohan s fracture was a lie.
Their cover is blown.
They are secured.
Avoid the booby traps and henchmen  capture Shakaal and ultimately end him.
Finally  the island is blown up and the heroes escape to safety.
<EOS>
Margaretis a divorced woman seeking sexual pleasure.
A mysterious wrong number leads Margaret.
Takes her.
However  things are nt going quite.
When she is taken hostage and held against her will in an abandoned  furnished warehouse.
But is she really a hostage.
She s involved in sexual acts  including having sex with a man and watching her new man make love to another woman.
Whose face she never sees.
Eventually she leaves to find tapes of previous sexploits with evidence of.
Who her lover really is.
Blaze soon finds.
The tables have been turned.
The twists and turns that ensue weave into a shocking conclusion.
Never underestimate a cornered woman.
<EOS>
A body left by Mafia hitmen is discovered by financially troubled travel agent Paul Barnell.
Heavily and attempting to find a cure for his wife s apparent Tourette Syndrome  he stages a disfiguring animal attack with the body.
Order to cash.
Local police are convinced.
A promotion-hungry insurance agent is not.
The Mafia hitmen are also to collect their payment.
They take Paul s wife hostage to ensure.
They will get the body.
Paul stays.
Paul s missing brother Raymond returns home  beats him  and demands a portion.
The insurance agent has assaulted him.
He has the body exhumed and agrees to exchange it and a portion.
Raymond will attempt to kill his wife to keep her quiet.
The next morning Paul leaves his brother asleep and meets the.
Raymond is angered and arrives as well  and is told by the insurance agent.
Who has finally pieced together what has happened.
Raymond then pulls out a pistol and shoots Paul s fleeing wife.
He is.
Paul finds his wife alive  the insurance money stopped the bullet.
He had hidden.
His wife was wearing.
The brothers reflect.
Raymond dies.
Using the money  Paul takes his wife.
<EOS>
Paz Velasco decides to drop out of the academic circuit.
She takes this prompt decision much.
He forces her to join him at work.
She can learn the trade and earn a living.
Her reconnection  the close-knit group of her father s co-workers  is initially uneventful.
One is Dani  Paz s childhood sweetheart and a young taxi apprentice about.
To be discharged.
They rekindle their mutual attraction and start dating  much to the apparent satisfaction of Dani s mother Reme -- a fellow cabbie.
Who is having a secret affair.
Reme s husband is a former taxi driver.
Who   was shot by two drug dealers during a robbery.
One left him paralyzed.
The Family s visits in the hospital are a staple in their common social life.
This group is completed by a shady individual named Calero and a thuggish brute nicknamed Nino.
Who seems to act.
Paz realizes.
Calero is a former cop.
Their mutual distrust is vivid and.
It is made clear to the audience.
The Family is in fact a neo-fascist death squad whose members use their cabs to abduct non-white  immigrant  LGTB and drug-addicted costumers.
There is also some evidence.
G. 
Using code words.
Order to lure unwitting victims.
Dani has been recently groomed.
It is made apparent that he does so reluctantly.
The Family seems to be generally successful  two murders are shown on-screen  as well as a raid on a Moroccan camp.
Which Dani accidentally kills a man.
The film does show  however  one botched attack.
Which the victim manages to run away unharmed.
It is left unclear.
Whether or not the group is restricted.
It is also left unclear.
Whether the group s activities were prompted or it was just a casual event that fuelled them further  or whether the version given to Paz was a lie.
The attack was a direct result.
Their activities are spontaneous and seemingly not officially sanctioned.
There are ominous references.
Who know and approve  leaving the door open to speculation on a wider conspiracy.
Paz gradually finds out the truth.
Initially ignorant.
Regalia  purportedly intimate family reunions attracting skinheads and other sinister individuals and ending  casual bigoted remarks from her father and Dani and a disturbing pattern of codenames or labels directed at different collectivities.
Paz s unassuming and long-suffering mother seems increasingly distraught.
It becomes increasingly clear.
Paz initially blames this.
Her mother knows more than she says.
Her disgust and adamant disapproval set up a chain.
Confronted. 
The paranoid and increasingly unstable Calero   now wishes.
Who saw her to the group from the very beginning.
He shoots her father and Dani  shooting Dani  and being shot to death by Paz seconds.
When he tries to stop him  and confronts her.
He is about to finish him off.
The camera pans.
She walks away.
Credits roll.
The fate is left undisclosed.
<EOS>
Alice lives.
One day Lotta does nt love Johan more.
He has been cheating.
He moves and lives.
Who has a son called Patrik  who studies.
The film includes Alice  problems  she has a new mother  Anna.
Lotta does nt want them to meet Alice.
Then Alice has no person to talk.
She tells to a psychologist.
<EOS>
Trelkovsky  a quiet and unassuming man  rents an apartment.
Whose previous tenant  Egyptologist Simone Choule  attempted to commit suicide.
He visits Choule but finds her entirely in bandages and unable to talk.
Whilst still  Trelkovsky meets Simone s friend  Stella.
Who has also come to visit.
Stella begins talking.
Who becomes aware.
Initially showing some signs upon seeing them  Choule soon lets out a disturbing cry  then dies.
It is nt clear.
Has caused this reaction.
Apparently unaware  Trelkovsky tries to comfort Stella but dares not say.
Choule is now dead.
He never knew Simone  instead pretending to be another friend.
They leave together and go out.
Where they fondle each other.
Outside the theatre they part ways.
He is chastised unreasonably  for hosting a party with his friends  apparently having a woman over  making too much noise in general  and not joining in on a petition against another neighbor.
Trelkovsky occupies the apartment.
Trelkovsky attempts to adapt  but is increasingly disturbed by the apartment and its tenants.
He frequently sees his neighbors standing motionless  and discovers.
A hole stashed inside.
He receives a visit and a letter.
Who secretly loves Simone and has believed her to be alive and well.
Trelkovsky updates and comforts the man and spends the night out.
Gradually he changes his breakfast habits and shifts from Gauloises to Marlboro cigarettes.
Trelkovsky becomes severely agitated and enraged.
When his apartment is robbed.
His neighbors and the concierge continue to berate him.
He becomes hostile and paranoid.
His mental state progressively deteriorates.
He buys a wig and woman s shoes and goes on to dress up and sit still.
He suspects.
Zy and neighbors are trying to subtly change him  so that he too will kill himself.
He has visions  sees himself staring out of his own window and finds the toilet covered in hieroglyphs.
Trelkovsky runs off and sleeps over.
She has left.
She too is.
He is hit by an elderly couple driving a car.
He is not wounded too seriously  but receives a sedative injection due to his odd behavior -- he perceives the elderly couple as landlord Zy and wife.
Which the couple returns him.
A deranged Trelkovsky dresses up again and throws himself out the apartment window in the manner of Simone Choule  before.
What he believes to be a clapping  cheering audience composed.
The suicide attempt   wakes up his neighbors.
Who arrive together with the police just in time for Trelkovsky to crawl up to his apartment and jump one more time.
The end is enigmatic.
Trelkovsky is bandaged up as Simone Choule in the same hospital bed.
We see his and Stella s own visit.
Trelkovsky then lets out the same disturbing cry.
Simone had screamed.
<EOS>
Eric Seaver is a young man.
Was abused.
He has since grown up to become a serial killer.
His stable life is threatened.
Eric s killings become more frequent.
His rage begins to take over any sanity.
He had left.
<EOS>
William Lee is an exterminator.
Who finds that his wife Joan is stealing his insecticide to use.
He begins hallucinating.
When Lee is arrested.
He believes.
He is a secret agent whose controller assigns him the mission.
Lee dismisses the bug and its instructions and kills it.
He returns home to find Joan sleeping.
Shortly afterwards  he accidentally kills her while attempting to shoot a drinking glass off.
Having inadvertently accomplished his mission  Lee flees.
He spends his time writing reports.
It is these documents.
Eventually become the titular book.
Whilst Lee is  his typewriter  a Clark Nova  becomes a giant talking insect  by seducing Joan Frost.
Tells him to find Dr Benway.
Who is a doppelganger.
Dr Benway is   the secret mastermind of a narcotics operation for a drug called black meat which is supposedly derived from the guts of giant centipedes.
Stopped and instructed to prove  Lee produces a pen.
He is a writer as he claims.
He inexplicably offers a demonstration.
This is insufficient proof.
He again misses badly and thus re-enacts the earlier killing.
He is then allowed to enter Annexia.
<EOS>
-LCB- -LCB- Story -RCB-.
They saw each other only once.
Their eyes met.
That was it.
Something happened.
They have never known before  something they can not comprehend.
Now they can not live and breathe.
Stream  an almost cosmic magnetism  pulls them together with irresistible intensity.
They feel.
If they no longer belong.
She lives.
He is a little older  she is still young and beautiful.
They have a little daughter and a mad dog.
Do they have love.
He.
What do we do now.
The husband knows.
It s not.
He is mad or foolish.
He lives his own ways.
What do you do when the dog bites the daughter s finger.
What do you do when the wife leaves the house.
What do you do when she leaves you.
And a boat drifts into the very depths of the wise engrossing river.
The two are.
Dressed soaked clothes.
Charon s Boat to eternity.
<EOS>
Two young boys are sent to live in a Scottish settlement in Nova Scotia  Canada  with their stern Grandaddy and Grandma after their father s death in the Boer War.
The boys would love to have a dog but are not allowed  Grandaddy holding.
Ye canna eat a dog.
Then they find an abandoned baby.
Living  they conceal the child from the adults.
They see the baby for the dog.
They have been denied.
Grandaddy is having problems.
Who have arrived after leaving South Africa at the end of the Boer War.
He has had a long-running dispute and refuses to accept a legal ruling.
The land   belongs to Hooft.
He also keeps a close rein and is reluctant.
Her to make a life.
Kirsty is Willem Bloem.
Who left Holland for reasons he will not disclose.
He does not return Kirsty s affections.
To make matters worse  it turns out.
The kidnapped baby is Hooft s younger daughter.
Harry is tried.
When found out.
He is suspected but states.
He did not know the identity.
Surprisingly  Hooft speaks up  stating.
No harm had come.
His daughter should have been looking.
The court official suggests  and is immediately threatened.
Harry be sent.
The clerk climbs down  merely suggesting an investigation a further kidnapping should occur.
Afterwards  Grandaddy thanks Hooft.
The film ends to write to a mail order company to order the red setter.
They had set their hearts.
He had found the flyer in one of his best boots.
Where the boys had hidden it.
They had noticed.
He sometimes walked  slinging them over his shoulder  to save wear and tear.
To pay  Grandaddy had sold the boots - a prized item among his few possessions.
Davy is now able to say  I think.
We ll call him Rover  Harry.
One comes with the horror on Duncan Macrae s face.
What his grandchild must have thought when the little boy implores Do nt eat the babbie.
<EOS>
Handsome Williams is a bootlegger.
Who takes.
Nora eventually finds herself.
<EOS>
The film follows his childhood of abuse  his descent into a life of crime and.
He put his life together again afterwards.
The screenplay was written with additional writing by Nick Moran.
<EOS>
Rodrigo s life was a noble and happy one  he entered school at a young age.
Often he went with his best friend Sancho and often visited his beloved one Jimena  the daughter of the count of Gormaz.
His happiness did not last forever   Rodrigo is seen wrapped in a world of plots and conspiracies.
To will put an end.
All loses all  his best friend and the love of its beloved one  and is unjustly exiled to Castile without honor.
He has acquired.
<EOS>
Fisherman Matt Boyd is fishing.
When a small earthquake hits.
Boyd falls in and is ripped apart.
Emerge and ascend the vortex.
Jake Forester is admiring attractive tourists.
Spring break begins.
He reunites and meets Derrick Jones  an eccentric pornographer  as well as Danni Arslow  one of his actresses.
Derrick convinces Jake to show him good spots.
That night  Jake s mother  Sheriff Julie Forester  searches with Deputy Fallon.
They find his mutilated body and contemplate closing the lake  however this is made difficult partying college students on spring break.
Who are important.
The next morning  a lone cliff diver is attacked and consumed.
Jake bribes his sister and brother  Laura and Zane  to stay home alone so.
He can show Derrick.
Zane drafts Laura to go fishing on a small sandbar island.
They forget to tie the boat down and are stranded.
Meanwhile  Jake goes to meet and runs into Kelly.
Who invites herself.
Jake meets Crystal Shepard  another  and cameraman Andrew Cunningham.
Julie takes a team to the fissure.
Novak speculates.
The rift leads.
Janice and Sam scuba dive and discover a large cavern filled with large piranha egg stocks.
Both are killed.
They can alert the others.
Novak and Julie find Janice s corpse and pull it  capturing a lone piranha.
They take.
He explains.
It is a super-aggressive prehistoric species  long believed to be extinct.
Julie  Novak  Fallon  and Deputy Taylor Roberts try to evacuate the lake.
Their warnings are ignored.
The piranhas begin to attack the tourists.
Novak boards a.
Julie and Taylor try to get swimmers.
A floating stage capsizes  pulling a electric wire.
Mutilates few tourists.
Almost everyone is either wounded or killed by the piranhas or panicking guests.
Were recklessly driving their speed boats.
Meanwhile  Jake spots Laura and Zane.
Forces Derrick to rescue them.
Derrick crashes the boat  flooding the rooms below deck.
Kelly is trapped.
Derrick  Crystal and Drew fall overboard.
Crystal is devoured.
Drew disappears  leaving his fate unknown.
Meanwhile  Danni manages to get a partially eaten Derrick back.
Deputy Fallon makes a last stand  taking a boat motor and using its propellor to shred and kill many piranhas.
Julie receives a call.
The chaos settles.
Julie and Novak steal a speed boat and head off.
Julie and Novak reach Jake and attach a rope.
Julie  Danni  Laura  and Zane start crossing the rope.
The piranhas latch and ultimately devour her.
The others make it.
The rope comes loose.
Using Derrick s corpse  Jake ties the line to himself and goes to save Kelly.
He ties Kelly and lights a flare after releasing the gas in a pair of stored propane tanks.
Novak starts the boat and speeds away just.
The piranhas surround Kelly and Jake.
They are dragged.
The propane tanks explode  destroying the boat.
Killing most.
Mr Goodman calls Julie.
Julie tells him.
They seem to have killed the majority.
Terrified  Goodman tells her.
The reproductive glands were not mature  which means that the fish they were fighting were only the babies.
A human sized piranha leaps out and knocks him.
Novak wonders aloud where the parents are.
<EOS>
Using a makeshift copter-helmet  Wile E.
Intends to catch Road Runner.
Avoiding heat-seeking missiles.
<EOS>
Ali is a modest civil servant.
Who enjoys a pleasant life.
One day   Ali is dragged.
Being forced.
Of which   stand for social success.
Longing  himself created  Ali is forced to steal and is arrested.
Order to support habits he.
His first wife reveals her loyalty and awaits his release.
When everyone else abandons him.
The film depicts the frantic search by the low middle classes of the African cities.
It was   director of the Centre national de la Cinematographie  of remarking importance for the youngsters back in those years.
<EOS>
George Kuffs is an irresponsible 21-year-old high school dropout.
Who walks out and tries to borrow money from his older brother Brad in San Francisco.
Brad is the owner.
Brad is killed.
The killer  a man named Kane   was set.
Whom George sees fleeing the scene.
Turning down a buyout  George takes over Brad s patrol franchise to seek revenge.
But first George has to earn respect  and at first all of them want him out.
But  he uncovers an illicit scheme led by Sam Jones involving $ 50 million of stolen paintings  a case Brad was just about to break.
When he was killed.
Apparently  Jones and Kane were best friends.
Who were planning to corrupt their way.
George decides to stick around and complete the work.
His brother started.
<EOS>
The Tramp travels to take part in the Klondike Gold Rush.
Bad weather strands him.
Who has found a large gold deposit and an escaped fugitive  after which they part ways.
The Tramp eventually finds himself.
Where he ultimately decides to give up prospecting.
He falls in love with a lonely saloon girl.
Whom he mistakenly thinks has fallen with him.
He soon finds.
Himself waylaid and needs the Tramp to help him find his claim by leading him back to the first cabin.
One sequence was altered  he actually receives the note from her.
That finding a note from Georgia which he mistakenly believes is for him.
Another major alteration is the ending   the sound version ends.
Which the now-wealthy Tramp originally gave Georgia a lingering kiss.
Now  the two share a romantic moment.
<EOS>
Eun-joo develops a crush.
He rescues her  and vows to make him her man.
One thing leads.
They end up having a one night stand.
Several years later  Jung-hwan is still living the high life.
Whil Eun-joo is working.
She reveals.
When they eventually cross paths.
He is the father  and tries to make him grow up and take responsibility.
<EOS>
A dangerous mission reunites Stingray Sam with his long lost accomplice  The Quasar Kid.
Follow these two.
They earn their freedom.
The six episodes  Episode 1  Factory Fugitives Episode 2  The Forbidden Chromosome Episode 3  The Famous Carpenter Episode 4  Corporate Mascot Rehabilitation Program Episode 5  Shake Your Shackles Episode 6  Heart.
Are entitled.
<EOS>
Melville A.
Ironpants Goodwin is a much-decorated U.
S.
Army major general.
Who has just been appointed chairman by the President of the United States.
This is upsetting.
Who wanted a close friend s to get the position.
Dottie is accustomed and decides to do something about it.
She gets the Army to send General Goodwin on Long Island for a lengthy interview and photo session for one of her popular Peale Enterprises publications.
Her plot is to ruin Goodwin s reputation.
Dottie hides a tape recorder  and assigns a photographer to catch Goodwin in compromising situations.
Having heard rumors  she also hopes to get the general to disclose something scandalous.
He is secretly a ladies man.
Every attempt to catch Goodwin or make him appear.
A fool fails.
Drastic measures are called.
What Dottie terms.
She takes the general  tries to get him drunk  coaxing him to sing and dance in a vain attempt to humiliate him.
Nothing works.
A little tipsy herself  Dottie falls off a diving board.
Goodwin rescues her  leading.
Dottie s attitude is changed.
She plans to marry Goodwin and maybe even help him become President.
Would make her First Lady.
The general has no plans to continue this romance.
He tells her.
Whom he revealed top-secret information.
He had to have her shot.
When he found out Yvette was an enemy spy.
A rejected Dottie goes back to ruin him.
Her magazine s story  Blabbermouth Goodwin  results into his behavior.
His activity in the Yvette spy case is still top secret.
He is forbidden to discuss it.
Questioned about another girl in the story  Goodwin reveals.
She was not a grown woman.
He has explanations.
His conduct has been exemplary.
Dottie feels ashamed in this and confirms on the stand his assertion.
The article was filled and lies.
Yet she can not say the same.
Goodwin is unable to get permission to speak through the usual channels  in desperation  he sends Colonel Homer Gooch to see the President.
Finally  the spy case is declassified.
He testifies.
The Army knew that Yvette was a spy.
He decided to break off the affair  but was ordered to feed her false information.
When he was informed.
He drags a not-unwilling Dottie.
He is cleared.
<EOS>
The film opens up.
The attempt is foiled.
A series leads to a nighttime battle.
Which one member  a female   is captured.
Gyu-yup recognizes this female.
The film flashes back.
Her torture.
A military unit of elite soldiers is created to ensure the peace and the security/safety of the country.
The two best swordsmen  Ji-hwan and Gyu-yup  are also two inseparable friends.
But a political coup detat plot forces Gyu-yup  threatened  to not only kill his fencing master  but also.
Who is seeing the female assassin.
Having had to behead his master  kill his best friend and his best friend s lover  and lead his troops  we are led to understand.
Gyu-yup loses some part.
The film returns after the events in the flashback.
Gyu-hup is known.
The discovery.
Carries the seal.
Ji-hwan is back as well.
The current king embroiled to cover up his tracks and betrays at least one of his foremost commanders by ordering his assassination.
Himself becomes.
The king then plans an excursion aimed.
Where they are meant to be killed.
The excursion takes place.
The king is almost killed  but he is momentarily distracted by the death of Shi-young at the hands of the king s elite bodyguard and troops.
The king  stabbing Ji-hwan  pushes Ji-hwan away.
The king continues to look on.
Ji-hwan battles more troops.
Almost defeated  Gyu-yup  finally moved with Shi-young and Ji-hwan  comes to Ji-hwan s rescue.
He pleads.
He and Ji-hwan engage the troops.
When that is met.
Have surrounded them.
The movie ends the old friends  united in battle again  in action against the usurper king s troops.
<EOS>
Seow Fang live with their mother.
Who is late.
The children make the best.
What little they have.
Their father works long hours doing odd jobs.
The family s problems are compounded.
When Kiat Kun accidentally loses Seow Fang s only pair after taking them to be repaired.
The children conduct a frantic search but find nothing  a karung guni man had claimed the shoes.
The Chew siblings are frustrated.
Their father inspires Kiat Kun to share his shoes.
Unfortunately  this plan brings additional problems  Seow Fang is chastised.
Kiat Kun is repeatedly late as he must wait.
A wealthy schoolmate of Kiat Kun s named.
Tan Beng Soon runs a football team.
Kiat Kun and his friends strike a bargain Soon to play on the team using the other boys  football shoes  in exchange for helping.
Them cheat.
However  the boys quarrel  causing an angry Beng Soon to renege and remove Kiat Kun and his friends from the team.
Beng Soon and his friends are punished for producing substandard homework.
They eventually give up.
The boys try to resolve their differences.
Beng Soon s grades continue to fall.
His parents decide to send him away to study.
Meanwhile  Seow Fang sees her classmate wearing her lost shoes.
She and Kiat Kun follow the girl home.
Her father is blind and that her family was.
However  a few days later  Seow Fang notices   she discovers.
Her classmate is wearing a new pair.
The girl has discarded the old pair.
The Chew siblings frantically search the rubbish dump.
Only discover them.
They are destroyed.
Kiat Kun is dejected.
He learns that the third prize is a pair of shoes.
He pleads.
He was sick.
E.
Teacher to let him enter.
The teacher  initially reluctant  relents.
When Kiat Kun rushes to get his cough medicine  demonstrating his running ability.
Kiat Kun notices.
The competition begins.
Beng Soon is also participating.
Kiat Kun pushes himself and eventually establishes himself among the lead runners.
The starting gun fires.
Kiat Kun appears assured  but unexpectedly trips over a stone and thus finishes first.
Beng Soon ends the race.
Mrs Chew goes  forcing Seow Fang to run across a long path littered with broken glass to find a midwife.
Kiat Kun is running.
Finally  Mrs Chew gives birth.
Beng Soon gives Kiat Kun and Seow Fang new pairs before departing.
<EOS>
So Close takes place in the 1980s in the central Chinese city of Wuhan.
The film follows two young migrant workers.
Young innocent Dong Zi is a pole carrier or coolie eking out a meager existence carrying heavy loads to place.
His friend and roommate Gao Ping is.
Is older  more cynical  and has fallen into a life of petty crime.
Gao has been cheated from a local gangster Su Wu.
The film begins.
Enraged  Gao drags his friend.
Their first stop is a local bar  the Li Li Club.
Where they go looking.
Gao and Dong kidnap the young woman and drag her to their apartment.
Gao asks Dong to leave the room.
Which he proceeds to rape her  while Dong peers.
Soon afterwards  however  Gao and Ruan suddenly become lovers  much.
Dong Zi becomes sullen and seemingly jealous.
Gao and Ruan continue their relationship.
It is unclear of whom.
Later Ruan and Gao appear to get he has lost.
Gao Ping continues to obsess over the small amount.
Enraged  Ruan leaves the apartment.
The two talk reveals.
She only wants to become a professional singer  though such dreams seem out.
She eventually returns.
Only to leave the phone number.
Gao beats and imprisons Su in a cellar before releasing him.
Su agrees to take him.
Caught up with Su Wu and his boss  leading to Gao murdering an unknown person.
What happens next is not shown  though Dong Zi narrating explains that Gao Ping somehow became.
Tensions rise  however.
When it is discovered that Ruan Hong is the kept woman.
Realizing the danger  Gao Ping disappears.
As the boss and the police begin to close in.
Secretly communicating  Gao promises to take her away but fails to show up on the appointed day.
Ruan is subsequently arrested.
When the Li Li Club is seized.
He is caught.
When Gao finally comes back.
Whose men beat him.
The film then ends.
Ruan  now released  returns to the apartment of Dong Zi and Gao Ping.
She is the only person.
He knows.
They reminisce Dong Zi for kidnapping her that night.
Dong Zi gives her a walkman of her songs.
She leaves.
<EOS>
He reluctantly travels to train his replacement.
When Todd Anderson s job and entire department are outsourced.
Arriving  he experiences culture shock  he is confused by everything from catching a train to hiring a taxi.
-- including his friendly and motivated replacement  Puro  and the charming  outspoken Asha -- Todd soon realizes.
He too has a lot to learn.
One day he calls his ex-girlfriend only to find.
She is.
Todd is depressed.
Before long he discovers.
Being outsourced may be the best thing that ever happened.
Todd s assigned objective is to reduce the time needed to complete the average call.
His boss wo nt let him go home.
His team does nt achieve this.
Another call center administrator   tells him.
Whom he happens to meet.
It s hopeless.
He suggests  his life will become easy.
Todd should relax and go with the flow.
The next day Todd gets caught.
He initially tries to run away.
He finally joins and has fun.
He then submerges himself and emerges  symbolising his acceptance of the culture.
One night  Todd congratulates his call center.
He asks them.
What would make working.
Workers ask to bring pictures and figurines  and to be allowed to dress.
They please.
Workers also ask to get the products.
They re selling.
Todd makes a deal.
The worker will get to pick the product of his choice from the treasure box.
He has the manufacturer send 100 products  much.
However   Todd explains.
When the boss calls to complain.
There are a billion potential buyers who would love to buy the products.
The boss responds.
The products are accidentally sent.
Todd and Asha go to retrieve the packages.
Todd lightheartedly asks a statuette.
He sees  to destroy something while they wait.
The ferry coincidentally burns up.
Todd and Asha have to share a hotel room called the Kama Sutra Suite.
They are initially nervous.
What would happen if anyone finds out that she is alone.
But later  they end up making love.
Asha explains.
When they return to work.
She has been engaged and asks him to maintain professional distance with her.
Todd feels let down.
Asha explains her friend s euphemism.
She tells him she will learn to love her future husband.
Her mother and father did.
Replies. 
He does not understand how the strong-willed Asha would settle.
Asha responds.
She does nt understand the US s 50 % divorce rate either.
Asha confesses.
You ca nt work.
She mentions being elated.
When Todd said Asha can do anything why he wishes to promote Asha to assistant manager.
Todd s boss  David  suddenly arrives.
They find.
When he comes to check.
The call center flooded due.
Todd has the entire staff move.
The aghast David thinks.
It is impossible.
The now-wised-up Todd replies.
It may be impossible.
The new operation manages to break the six-minute mark.
He is told.
Todd goes off to celebrate at the local bar.
The company will be outsourcing.
All the employees have lost their jobs.
He expects Todd  once again  travel to China and train his replacement.
The employees do nt complain.
They will get severance pay  and are expecting jobs.
Puro  however  is disappointed.
He wo nt get enough money to marry the woman.
Todd  remembering the story  outsources his lucrative job at the Chinese call center to Puro.
Who outsourced his own job.
Who happily marries.
Todd returns  in the closing scene  his phone rings with Asha s special ringtone.
He smiles.
He reaches.
<EOS>
M.
Hulot is the dreamy  impractical  and adored uncle  in a new suburb of Paris  situated just beyond the crumbling stone buildings of the old neighborhoods of the city.
Who lives in an ultra-modern geometric house and garden.
Gerard s parents  M.
And Mme.
Arpel  are firmly entrenched through possessions and conspicuous display.
Each element is representational rather than functional  an environment completely hostile to the comfort of its occupants.
Tati once stated  Les lignes geometriques ne rendent pas.
Les gens aimables.
Les Annees Sauvages  Mon Oncle  ARTE Magazine .
45 Cinema  30 Decembre 2002  p.
2  every facet of Villa Arpel emphasizes the supremacy of superficial aesthetics and electrical gadgets over the reality of daily living.
Weinberg  Larry  Mon Oncle  InteriorDesign.
Net  23 October 2008 Article the Arpels  home is entirely impersonal.
Are the Arpels themselves.
And Mme.
Arpel have completely subordinated their individuality to maintain their social position and their shiny new possessions.
Tati emphasizes his themes surrounding the Arpel lifestyle  vivid colors and bright light coincide only with the arrival of visitors  particularly Uncle Hulot.
Uncle Hulot  the quintessential poete des terrains vagues  Les Annees Sauvages  Mon Oncle  ARTE Magazine .
45 Cinema  30 Decembre 2002  p.
13  A ` poet.
Lives of the city.
He is unemployed  and gets.
He does not seem to notice  color  light  and frivolity inhabit Hulot s world.
He is obviously.
Young Gerard  utterly bored  fastens himself to Uncle Hulot at every opportunity.
Uncle Hulot  little more at times  is completely at home with Gerard  but also completely ineffectual at controlling his horseplay with his school friends.
Who take delight.
<EOS>
Martel Gordone had been wandering aimlessly.
When he is finally picked up.
The woman  Linda  is actually a prostitute.
Picks him up.
Where the two parties are to meet Linda and Gordone spark a few interests  but Linda decides to wait until after she has finished with her clients  You know.
I m sure.
You re a real pleasure.
Kennedy  Isaac  Dir.
Penitentiary.
Dir.
Jamaa Fanaka.
Perf.
Isaac  Kennedy  and Pollard  Thommy.
1979  Film.
They reach.
The diner and Linda meets.
He decides to confront the two.
When Gordone does nt like how she is being treated.
The confrontation does not bode well  and falls to the ground.
He is knocked out.
He wakes up to find.
He has been charged.
Gordone is sent and becomes cellmates with a man.
Goes. 
Gordone decides to defend himself.
Gordone has to defend himself from constant advances from his cellmate and after a couple more advances.
The two battle it out and Gordone rises triumphantly.
The walls are covered.
The wailing and begging.
Who Gordone beats up attracts a lot  and as it just so happens there is an illegal boxing tournament that goes on within the prison.
The winner is allowed to leave the prison on early parole.
Lieutenant Arnsworth can pull a few strings.
Gordone feels.
Though he would be able to win it.
The only thing is a man.
Stands. 
Who is and is the leader of the prisons  strongest gang.
<EOS>
The movie takes place some time.
The sequel s protagonists - Charlie Carbone  his wife Jessie and his best friend Louis Booker - travel once again.
It is up to save the animals of the outback from danger by poachers along with the help of their old friend Jackie Legs  the kangaroo character from the original film.
<EOS>
The promotional material avoids giving the audience specific plot points  and describes the film simply as    a glimpse into the lives of ten students at St.
Frederick s Academy.
They struggle before graduation.
Hearts are broken and healed  friendships are formed and lost.
Childish ways are thrown out in.
What may be the beginning.
<EOS>
Resourceful Schatze Page  spunky Loco Dempsey  and ditzy Pola Debevoise rent a luxurious Sutton Place penthouse.
Who is avoiding the IRS.
The women plan to use it to attract and marry millionaires.
Schatze pawns some  without his knowledge of course  as winter approaches  the furnishings gradually vanish.
When money is tight.
One day  Loco carries.
Tom is very interested.
She knows.
What he is -- a gas pump jockey -- and tries.
She has her sights.
D.
Hanley.
Whose worth is irreproachably large.
All the while.
She s stalking the older J.
D.
Tom keeps.
She tells him.
She never wants to see him again.
She refuses to marry a poor man again.
Meanwhile  Loco becomes acquainted.
He is married.
She agrees to go to his lodge in Maine  mistakenly thinking.
She s going to meet a bunch.
She wants nothing to do.
When she learns the truth.
Unfortunately  she comes down and has to stay in the lodge until cured.
She is nursed back with the help of a strapping young man named Eben.
Who she thinks owns most.
She has no trouble transferring her affections.
They become engaged.
She is very disappointed.
When she finds out that he s just a forest ranger  guarding.
She loves him and is willing to overlook his financial shortcomings.
The third member is extremely nearsighted  but hates to wear her glasses.
Where any man might see her.
Men are nt attentive.
She puts it.
Who wear glasses.
She falls.
He s really a crooked speculator.
Luckily   she misreads an airport sign and ends up.
When she takes a plane to meet him.
She sits next  also wearing glasses.
Who thinks she s quite a strudel and encourages her to put hers on.
It turns out  he is to find the crooked accountant.
He is the mysterious Freddie Denmark.
Who got him with the IRS.
He does nt have much luck.
When he tracks the man down  but has much more success.
Loco  and Pola are reunited just before her wedding.
She finally managed to overcome J.
D.
S qualms.
Tom shows up and is recognized.
It turns out.
Tom is by far the richer.
J.
D.
Has an inkling  so he is not too surprised.
Things are going to turn out.
When Schatze finds herself unable to go through because she does nt love him.
J.
D.
Leaves graciously and Schatze   ends up marrying Tom.
Afterwards  the three happy couples end up  dining on hamburgers.
Tom breaks the news to Schatze  naming all the things.
He is extremely wealthy.
He owns.
She thinks.
He s kidding.
He then pays the bill  pulling out an enormous wad.
The three women faint dead away.
The men then drink a toast.
The premier was held at the Saban Theatre  the former Fox Wilshire Theatre  in Beverly Hills  California  on November 4  1953  with the attendance of Humphrey Bogart  Cecil B.
DeMille  Robert Mitchum  Lucille Ball  Rock Hudson  Debbie Reynolds  Shelley Winters  Mitzi Gaynor  Jeffrey Hunter  Michael Rennie.
<EOS>
This Film is the third release.
Mehta.
The chief protagonists are Shivani -LSB- played.
They are wealthy and live.
Their idyllic life is shattered.
Who has an affair.
Eventually  Aditya leaves his family  leaving the wife and two kids alone.
Aditya demands custody from Shivani and approaches the courts for a custody battle.
When it is found out that Sonia is barren.
Eventually  the courts rule to Aditya and Sonia.
The movie changes its ambience.
<EOS>
Molly Mahoney forms  along.
Working  she longs to become a star performing on Broadway.
Eddie persuades her to leave town.
Eddie debuts on the radio with his so-called singing canaries.
Eddie is not.
The canaries are unable to sing.
He is offered a job at the station.
He convinces co-worker Buddy Bartell to grant Molly and her little sister Pat an audition.
What promised to be a big opportunity  turns among the sisters.
When Bartell announces he wants to team Eddie and Pat.
Molly  meanwhile  is offered a degrading job selling cigarettes.
Molly swallows her pride and allows Pat to take the limelight meant for her.
Meanwhile  wealthy and often-married playboy ` Chat  Chatsworth falls and starts flirting with her.
Molly finds out about Chat s wild past through her gossipy friend Jed Marlowe  and tries to warn her sister.
The worries turn out to be unnecessary  though.
Pat feels more attracted.
She does not want to hurt Molly s feeling or ruin her engagement  and decides to return home.
Molly   insists.
Who is unaware for leaving.
Thinking  Pat accepts a proposal and runs off to elope with him.
It is the only way.
He is alarmed.
When Eddie hears.
He had been secretly.
He admits his true feeling to Molly  and is encouraged to follow her.
However   Eddie finds out.
Arriving. 
Pat and Chat have already left.
Overhearing one  Eddie rushes to the city hall.
Breaking up a wedding ceremony  Eddie professes his love.
Has already begun.
Pat and Eddie decide to marry.
Molly returns home.
<EOS>
A teenage boy befriends a starlet.
Who is having an affair.
The mayor s wife wants him to get rid.
The elections are.
The starlet agrees to stop the affair.
The mayor help release her boyfriend.
The mayor does so  but wants the former jail-bird to kill his political rival.
<EOS>
Dr James Brewster and his colleague Dr Randall are involved.
Have caused him to transform.
Brewster believes.
It will be necessary to inject himself.
Brewster and his captive gorilla must attempt to find an appropriate donor.
When Randall refuses to help him.
<EOS>
Donald Duck is enjoying a luxurious meal.
The narrator notes.
Donald s life is significantly easier.
Donald then sees.
Hunting season begins the next day and  possessed  decides to participate.
He finds it extremely overcrowded.
When Donald arrives that evening.
Local residents go.
Vendors set up shop.
The precise opening that night unfolds in dramatic fashion.
The scenes evoke.
Stereotypical war films  depicting trench and tank warfare  amphibious landing craft.
Hunters parachuting.
The discouraged hunters trudge home across a war-torn landscape.
Yet the narrator notes.
The day was not  as Donald s grandfather presents a cow  taken from a local farm  which had the word cow painted on it so the hunters would not confuse it for a deer.
<EOS>
CID detective Rockman was sent to investigate a case involving the Hong Kong and Thai underground syndicate.
He met  they had a brief but hot steamy affair.
A sexy table dancer called Elli.
Unexpectedly Rockman was ordered to return.
He promised Elli.
But he never did.
Heart broken Elli felt.
She was deceived.
Rockman never expect.
His affair would bring the worst luck.
A senior policeman was murdered by a most wanted fugitive Lam Chiu.
When Rockman was busily investigating a murder case one stormy night.
Rockman s wife broke down.
Their son died mysteriously.
All the major newspapers headlined the two cases  saying the murder and the baby s death are related.
Frustrated Rockman worked closely.
<EOS>
A new kid moves and is soon bullying little Jackie.
They beat up  only to discover.
When the gang finds this out.
His father is a cop.
Meanwhile  the police are.
The gang mistakenly thinks.
They re the ones being chased.
<EOS>
Little Lacy  a big music fan  discovers a great but expensive guitar.
She s very excited  and asks her mother  Robin  to buy it.
However  her mom says definitely no.
She got an Olds Cutlass.
That she reminiscences.
When she was younger.
Her father used to say  Whatever makes you happy  makes me happy.
Maybe.
The end  she ll change her mind.
<EOS>
Price is an.
Who retired to live the easy life only to find himself restless.
He takes one final contract only to fall in love with his target.
<EOS>
Preparations are being made for the annual summer wakes week holiday.
Fanny Hawthorn is seen packing her suitcase to Blackpool with her friend Mary Hollins.
Meanwhile Allan Jeffcote  son.
Which Fanny works  and employed.
The factory hooter sounds.
Fanny and Mary board the excursion train.
Allan and a friend decide to travel there.
Fanny and Mary meet up with Allan and his friend and enjoy the excitement of the resort as a foursome.
Allan and Fanny are attracted.
Allan persuades Fanny to leave Blackpool and instead accompany him in North Wales.
Knowing  Fanny agrees and writes a postcard.
What this entails.
Mary promises to post later in the week.
Mary is tragically killed in a boating accident.
He travels  only to find Fanny not there.
When Fanny s father hears the news.
The unmailed postcard.
Fanny and Allan return separately to Hindle  and reveals.
Where Fanny  previously unaware and shocked by the news  is interrogated by her parents.
She has spent the week.
The Hawthorns go to the Jeffcote home and confront Allan s parents with his caddish behaviour.
They find Allan s father equally appalled by the situation.
Mr Jeffcote determines.
Allan must marry Fanny to prevent a scandal.
Allan initially opposes his father s demand but explains the situation.
Who insists that the only decent thing for him to do is to comply with the insistence that he marry Fanny after having compromised her reputation.
That evening the Hawthorns visit the Jeffcotes to make arrangements.
Fanny registers her defiance.
Allan makes.
A formal offer turns him down flat  saying that she is just as entitled to enjoy a little fancy as any man.
Allan and his fiancee resume their engagement.
Fanny moves out to get away from the wrath of her mother.
She strikes up a friendship  and agrees to a date with him.
<EOS>
The central conflict is.
Whether African-American businessman Ernie Jones raped Swedish immigrant and civil rights Freedom Rider Greta Mae Hansen.
Jones was the proprietor.
Which Hansen decided to stay.
The movie is primarily a courtroom drama.
Ernie Jones and Greta Mae Hansen testify.
<EOS>
Young and educated  Ash leads a privileged life but finds himself.
Tormented  Ash rebels and he finds identity through blending classic Bollywood soundtracks with contemporary electronic music.
<EOS>
The film is about two lovers Ayesha Verma and Ajay.
The two fall in love.
Ayesha moves and joins the same collegess Ajay is studying in.
The rest is.
The lovers get united from Ayesha s father.
And dilip tahil wanted ayesha to marry his son.
<EOS>
Its engine roaring in and out.
The film opens a black Ferrari circles.
Johnny Marco steps out.
When it eventually stops.
Marco is a Hollywood actor.
Who   does not feel much meaning in his life.
He resides.
Where he completes various publicity obligations.
Marco spends much time alone  driving his Ferrari motorcar  drinking beer  taking pills  and having casual sex with various women.
Twice he has pole-dancing twins set up their equipment and perform  the first time he falls asleep.
The second routine is more calisthenic.
Her stay changes his lifestyle little at first  an overnight visitor  a blonde woman.
Marco and his daughter spend time together.
He brings her to summer camp.
Marco s fatherly emotions emerge and force him to re-assess his otherwise successful life.
Their time together grows.
Marco checks out of the hotel promising not to return  and drives his Ferrari into the countryside.
He gets out  leaving the keys  and walks down the highway smiling.
<EOS>
At the end of the Balkan wars  the military of Yugoslavia discovered 37 dead bodies in a concrete canal in western Kosovo.
Seven years later  the Prime Minister would be falsely accused of their murder.
Haradinaj was a prominent commander  a freedom fighting guerilla group.
Fought from Yugoslavia.
He was elected Prime Minister of Kosovo.
He was indicted by a war crimes tribunal for the alleged massacre in.
The film follows the events.
OReilly assembles a team.
What they see.
OReilly and his team expose fundamental weaknesses in the prosecution case theory  arguing.
The crime scene is not a KLA massacre site.
Instead  a fabrication propaganda.
Moreover   they uncover deeply unsettling truths itself.
The trial draws.
The Trial is an examination.
It explores  and asks serious questions.
Ideals can be corrupted within a legal setting.
Above all  it is the story.
What they believe to be the truth.
<EOS>
The time is the.
Captain Sam  owner  travels along the Mississippi River bringing honest entertainment to each town.
He meets Crawford  Bonita  and Bailey.
Who are wanted.
The Captain joins them for a card game at a local gambling house.
The Captain is plied and gets involved in a crooked card game.
He is intoxicated.
Where he loses controlling interest.
They turn the showboat.
Dexter and Sebastian help the captain regain ownership and oust the unwanted criminals.
<EOS>
Nancy Courtney  a once wealthy socialite  has had to struggle to maintain a facade ever since her father s death.
Her mother urges her to marry stockbroker Norman Cravath instead.
She loves writer DeWitt Taylor  who is indifferent.
Nancy acquiesces but  despite the fact her new husband does everything  she is miserable in her marriage.
He can to please her.
Meanwhile  DeWitt has begun romancing Norman s former girl friend Germaine Prentiss  Nancy s long-time rival.
She realizes.
DeWitt s relationship is changing him into a social climber.
Unaware Norman s firm has just been barred.
He is facing financial ruin  Nancy tells her husband.
She is leaving him.
She learns  she goes to a speakeasy.
Where she proceeds to get drunk.
She and Ben bring some to his home.
Where they encounter Norman  who is waiting there to discuss a business transaction.
Seeing his wife  he tells her.
He never wants to see her again.
Nancy tries to live but  lacking any skills  she is unable to find employment and becomes destitute.
Ben offers her a place to live and   he hires her to work in his department store.
When she discovers she is pregnant.
Norman and Germaine come in to purchase a fur coat.
Norman is stunned to find Nancy.
Germaine tries to warn Nancy away.
Realizing  Nancy asks him.
Her husband still loves her.
Germaine bows out and leaves Norman.
<EOS>
Loser Ben Harris  an alienated mailman  decides to get a girl the only way.
He can.
Putting his plan  he spots an attractive young woman.
He races ahead and prepares an ambush.
However  his would-be target finds shelter.
He ends up pulling a bag down instead.
He is dumbfounded to find.
When he carries her back and removes the bag.
He has captured a middle-aged housewife.
He makes do with the person.
He has caught.
She proves to be not quite.
What he envisioned.
<EOS>
Anna Quarrels  the new librarian  was doing her job.
When the edgy Mr Jamison came in wanting to see Mary Shelley s original manuscript for Frankenstein  or The Modern Prometheus.
Anna did everything right.
She laid the precious manuscript.
She prepared to tuck it back.
When he had finished.
Imagine her surprise.
When she discovered that he had switched blank paper and walked out of the library with it.
Checking his I.
D.
She learns.
It was false  so she hires a quirky Private Detective  David Raleigh  who works out  to track him down.
David is able to lift a set of the man s fingerprints and  after running them through the National Fingerprint Clearinghouse  he finds out.
The man s name is really Dr Winston Berber.
Now it is only a matter.
Meanwhile  Berber is gloating.
He s now obtained the originals of Guy Endore s The Werewolf of Paris and James Putnam s Mummy.
He needs only to get the first edition.
His collection will be complete.
Berber needs the manuscripts.
Even  he is a nebbish.
Consequently  he has created an Archetype Inducer and plans to bring the four greatest monsters from horror history -- the Mummy  the Wolfman  Dracula  and Frankenstein s monster.
Order to do his bidding.
Two weeks have passed.
David has been so busy.
He has not yet located Berber.
Not to worry.
Berber shows up.
The first edition recognizes him.
Holding Berber with a pair of scissors  she phones David and tells him to hurry over to the library.
However  Berber zaps Anna and takes both the book and Anna to his laboratory.
David can get there.
She finds.
When Anna comes.
Herself cuffed.
Berber informs her.
She is just what he needs -- a virgin -- to sacrifice naked in order to make the Archetype Inducer work.
Suddenly  David breaks  having gotten Berber s address off his computer at the video store.
He knocks Berber out and releases Anna.
Anna grabs all the manuscripts.
They hightail it out.
Unfortunately  they were nt quick enough.
Berber had already turned.
Four figures step out.
David and Anna are making their getaway.
They are midgets.
Dracula is not happy.
He has been brought as a three foot midget.
Berber assures him.
He can change that if he can get his hands.
So the monsters offer to get her.
Meanwhile  Anna is nt too happy.
David sent her.
Christina stays late.
When Anna once again dodges her advances.
Order to make love.
She goes to investigate and falls prey.
When she hears noise out.
Now it s Berber.
Who is nt happy  because Christina is not Anna.
He must have Anna.
However  Dracula forces him to try it anyway.
Berber switches  Christina disappears then reappears.
A Viking then disappears again.
True  the procedure did nt work  so the monsters set out again to find Anna.
First stop is David s house.
Where Dracula attempts to wrest Anna s address out.
David refuses to comply.
David flashes the crucifix  says  Thank God.
When Dracula tries to bite his neck.
I m a Catholic  and races.
The monsters and Berber follow him  assuming.
He will lead them.
David leads them.
The monsters attempt to capture Anna.
David grabs Berber and threatens to break his neck.
They do nt leave Anna alone.
David pulls and threatens Dracula   causing it to explode.
Who simply zaps it.
Anna and David are taken back.
Where Berber again prepares.
Berber wo nt guarantee it.
When Dracula asks that it will work this time.
Anna is not a virgin.
Dracula suggests.
They find another woman  a virgin this time  to go.
Berber says.
Will unbalance things.
The only way to keep everything balanced is to find an opposite -- a male virgin.
Dracula is assured.
He is indeed a virgin.
The preparations continue.
David tries to come up.
Anna has an idea.
She points out.
If they stay  they will eventually die like all humans do.
However   they will live on forever.
They return from whence they came.
They are.
David and Anna escape.
As Berber pushes the red button to start the machine working.
The Viking reappears  grabs Berber  and they both disappear again.
Anna and David conclude.
The machine turned them.
Having had a little time to ponder  Dracula tells David to press the red button again.
They have chosen to return as the legends rather than to die in the real world  he explains.
They are.
Dracula tells Anna.
The monsters are sucked back.
She is wise.
But do not fear  he adds  we will always be  in your nightmares.
Epilogue  Anna shows up  gives him a check for his services  and informs him.
Berber s lab has been torn down.
She also gives him a book  the first English language edition.
David thanks her and admits.
He saw the movie.
1970  directed  starring Klaus Kinski.
Actually  there was an earlier version directed.
Who did Zontar.
Actually  I think.
It s all  he drones on.
Anna interrupts him.
<EOS>
The Oil  the Baby and the Transylvanians is the third part.
Set comes from the characters  difficulty in adjusting to the American rhythm and lifestyle.
The youngest  Romulus  and his American fiancee  June  are expecting a baby.
The wedding celebration is eagerly anticipated and organised according to ancient Romanian customs.
Meanwhile the middle brother John   is held by the townsfolk.
Who is honest  courageous  and fast.
He faces down a series  which sets up several gunslinging showdown scenes.
Eventually John is elected.
He hunts these Wanted criminals to subsidise Romulus  decaying ranch.
Traian  the eldest  goes looking for water for his cattle and passes through the land of the Orbans  who are ironically Hungarian-Transylvanian farmers.
The Orbans and Brads forge an important alliance and friendship.
However   Traian finds oil.
But will the promise corrupt the brothers and tempt them away from their new home.
<EOS>
The film is a comedy thriller.
Leon  a computer hacker  and Freak  a programmer  team up  to get revenge on Lawrence McNeice  he did nt commit.
Who framed Leon.
<EOS>
Darjeeling-based Roy family consists.
A number of celebrations take.
Place   is treated for minor injuries  and is allowed to recuperate.
The next morning she wakes up claiming.
She is Radha  that Nalini is not her daughter  and that Subodh is her.
She also states.
She is to get married.
Fearing  Subodh first summons their family doctor  Dr Verma  and then a Psychiatrist  Dr Rajesh Khanna.
His wife is losing her sanity.
Rajesh conducts some tests and concludes.
Her brain activity is normal.
Then Nanda sees a dead woman s body.
Subsequently disappears when the others arrive.
Subodh and she travel to Bombay to unravel this mystery - to no avail.
They return home.
Then Nanda recalls a dressmaker named Glory DSilva.
Rajesh undertakes the journey and brings Glory that Radha  Nanda s sister.
Back - who positively identifies Nanda and states.
Her parents were all killed.
The question remains.
Radha is dead  then why is Nanda claiming that she is her  and why is she unable to recollect the last 16 years.
<EOS>
A psychoanalyst and his young family and some friends are taken hostage.
The doctor gets the killer to talk in an attempt to find out the killer s unconscious motivation for his evil ways.
He relates a dramatic dream.
He s been having since childhood.
Eventually  his crimes are traced back.
The doctor has calmed the killer s murderous rage and prevents any more killings.
<EOS>
The plot largely follows the first two Discworld novels  The Colour of Magic and The Light Fantastic.
The story follows the exploits.
Who is expelled after spending 40 years failing to learn even the most basic magic.
Rincewind s head holds one of the eight spells from the Octavo  the most powerful spellbook in the Discworld.
He has been unable to learn others.
They were afraid to be.
Rincewind is forced to act.
A local guide pearwood and can run on its own legs.
The pair flee the city.
A misunderstanding causes the owner of the inn where Twoflower and Rincewind are staying to commit arson.
They proceed  encountering a variety of mythical creatures.
Of which lead.
The Octavo spell in his head precludes him from actually dying  resulting in several comic encounters with Death.
Meanwhile  a significant power struggle is occurring.
Narrator Brian Cox explains.
The way to the top is via dead men s pointy shoes  even if you have to empty them yourself.
The power-hungry wizard Ymper Trymon plans a battle in a bid to become Archchancellor.
Trymon assassinates several faculty members but is thwarted.
Trymon knows.
There is no point.
Rincewind and Twoflower are eventually washed rimwards.
Lies. 
The astronomers and astrozoologists have for many years attempted to determine the sex of Great ATuin  and are on the verge of launching a space vehicle to carry a pair of cosmochelonians on a new mission over the rim of the disc.
Unaware  Rincewind and Twoflower take the place of the two cosmonauts and ` escape  to the spacecraft   catapulting them off the rim.
They accidentally launch.
The prospect prompts the Octavo to act  causing ATuin to perform a barrel roll to recapture Rincewind  landing the pair near the centre of the disc.
Watching the Octavo s action  the Archchancellor reveals his intention to use the Rite to ask Death about the Octavo and also about a large red star.
Has recently appeared.
Now knowing all  Trymon throws Weatherwax and becomes Archchancellor in his place.
He needs.
The red star grows steadily larger.
The worried people mob the Unseen University.
The wizards appear unable to save the disc.
Trymon learns.
All eight spells must be said together at the solstice to save the disc from destruction.
Trymon dispatches a group.
Meanwhile Rincewind and Twoflower encounter Cohen the Barbarian.
Twoflower rescues Bethan  a human sacrifice.
A battle leaves Twoflower in a coma  Rincewind rescues him from Death s door.
Cohen rescues Rincewind and Twoflower from Herrena and the mercenaries.
The four take a ferry.
Where the populace is rioting because the star is now larger.
Trymon assembles the senior wizards  and orders.
Them to unchain the Octavo.
Trymon steals it and locks the wizards.
When they release the spellbook.
Rincewind releases them.
They follow Trymon  afraid.
He will attempt to say the spells and that they will destroy his mind.
Trymon  however  says the spells successfully and gains near-ultimate power  and turns the wizards.
Rincewind fights Trymon.
Who is eventually killed  returning the spells.
Rincewind expunges the eighth spell  completing the set  and reads the entire spellbook.
The star is finally revealed  the Octavo spells prompt several eggs orbiting the star to hatch into juvenile discworlds.
Follow Great ATuin as it returns.
The narrator tidies up a few loose ends  the Octavo is eaten.
Twoflower donates.
Rincewind himself.
Twoflower returns.
Cohen and Bethan decide to get married.
Several scenes and characters were removed or merged.
The film generally remains true.
Noting  the producers cut completely the scene  Director Vadim Jean defended the decision  saying.
There was nt time.
We could have gone there.
We went instead.
There were time constraints.
We could have gone one way or the other  so we went the whole hog.
To avoid the necessity  the Octavo in the film simply causes ATuin to roll to recapture Rincewind.
Whereas  a complicated change spell returns him to the disc.
The creatures  and Rincewind s fight in the Dungeon Dimensions themselves  are completely omitted.
Invade reality.
Trymon is simply driven mad.
Galder Weatherwax is also killed.
Whereas   he is killed by accidentally summoning the Luggage instead of Rincewind.
<EOS>
Ofelia s wedding day is approaching.
She is to be married.
She has some pre-wedding jitters but decides to tie the knot anyways.
Night  Gustavo shows up in their room  murders Eduardo  and proceeds to turn Ofelia into a vampire.
That they can be together forever.
A group of young men and women take shelter in an abandoned lodge.
Their van breaks down.
Soon  Ofelia appears and seduces one.
Meanwhile the girls go missing.
It is up to figure out.
What is happening.
Ofelia must make a decision as.
How much longer she can continue.
<EOS>
An American freight ship carrying sensitive cargo to Taiwan is hijacked by pirates led by Sin  a terrorist set on destroying the Korean Peninsula.
The sensitive cargo is weapons technology.
Having stolen the technology  Sin attempts to attain nuclear grade radioactive waste through the black market.
His plan is to detonate a fleet.
To investigate the hijacking  the South Korean government sends Sejong  a Korean Naval Intelligence officer  to meet a black market contact.
Who knows.
Sejong s meeting goes sour.
He learns and tracks his location in the Russian district of Busan  Korea.
Sin meets with Russian mob members.
Who take him.
We learn.
Park was partly responsible.
Sin s family were North Korean refugees.
Who requested embassy.
The South Korean government was trying to strengthen relations with China.
They were forced to reject the family s request.
Park Wansik was sent.
Order to make arrangements.
The result was.
The family was slaughtered.
The only survivors were Sin and his older sister -LSB- Lee Mi-yeon.
Who managed to escape but where stranded.
They managed to cross over to a train station in China.
Where the two were tragically separated.
Sin goes down his own path and lives the life.
Where his bitterness and hatred grows.
He plots revenge.
His anger expands.
He decides to destroy the entire Korean Peninsula.
Sin is embittered.
He decides to hatch a plan to unleash nuclear grade uranium  effectively destroying it.
That radioactive rain will shower.
He sets out.
He encounters Sejong.
Sejong sets up an appointment for Sin to reunite with his sister.
Sin   believes it to be a farce to lure him out.
Who had assumed his sister to be dead.
He goes anyways.
Sin takes the bait and enters the meeting.
Sejong soon discovers.
Sin and his sister are more prepared than he had thought.
Sin has a sniper set up.
Who effectively takes out part and suffers a bullet wound.
Sin sets out to execute his plans of mass destruction.
He embarks.
He names Typhoon that is filled.
Meanwhile   Sejong gathers a team of Korean Special Forces  and helicopters out to sea.
He makes a point.
Death is likely.
They fly to the freight carrier  encountering Sin and his pirates.
There is a bloody skirmish.
Both sides suffer casualties.
Sin is through most of the fighting  spending time with his sister during her last breaths.
The bullet wound is too much.
She is about to die.
They agree to meet again.
Dazed  Sin heads out.
He begins to release his uranium balloons.
Having to manually open the hatch to release them  he is able to crank it open a few feet  allowing a few balloons to escape.
Sejong makes his appearance.
He can activate the balloons.
He is the last man standing.
All the rest are dead.
Sin and Sejong struggle to the death.
Accumulates. 
Sejong sends a letter to his mother.
He believes.
Sin never intended to destroy Korea and that he was just a desperate man who was a product of a tragedy.
He is regretful  and says.
He would nt have minded befriending Sin.
We see Sin carrying his sister onto a boat to cross the river of the dead.
They cross over together.
<EOS>
The film opens.
A herd called.
The Brumby Mob passes.
Henry wants to shoot the black stallion leader - but Jim convinces his father to capture and sell them.
The next morning the mob reappears.
Henry is accidentally killed.
A group tell him.
Jim can inherit the station.
He must first earn the right.
To do.
He must go.
Work. 
Jim meets.
An old friend called Spur - a one-legged miner.
Jim then gets a job.
Meanwhile Clancy appears at Spur s mine.
The two discuss their pasts and futures.
Clancy goes.
Harrison tells Clancy.
He has no brother when referring.
Harrison organises a.
Jim is not allowed to go.
Harrison s daughter Jessica asks Jim to help her break.
The others are gone.
The mob appears again.
Jim unsuccessfully gives chase.
He sends Jim to bring back 20 strays.
When Harrison returns.
Later Harrison learns - he tells Jessica.
He s fired and that she will be sent.
Impulsively  she rides off.
Where she is caught.
Spur  meanwhile finally strikes a large gold deposit.
Jim finds Jessica s horse and rescues her.
She tells him.
He s going to be fired.
He still leaves to return the cattle.
Jessica is surprised.
Who she had never been told.
She is also confused.
When Spur mistakes her  and refuses to tell her anything about their past.
Jessica learns.
Spur and Harrison both fell with her mother.
To woo her  Harrison bet his life savings and became rich overnight.
Spur went looking.
She then died.
Delivering Jessica.
Harrison is grateful for returning his daughter.
He becomes angry.
When Jim says he loves her.
The prized colt is let loose by a farmhand in the hope.
He leaves.
Jim will be blamed.
Later   Spur tells Jim.
Camping out.
He is set to inherit his father s share.
Clancy joins them and informs them.
Jim refuses to retrieve the animal.
Meanwhile  Harrison offers a reward  attracting riders and fortune-hunters from every station in the area.
Clancy does eventually show  accompanied.
Who Harrison finally allows to join the hunt.
Several riders have accidents.
Even Clancy is unable to contain the mob.
The riders give up.
When the mob descends a seemingly impassable grade.
However  Jim goes forward and returns the horses.
Harrison offers him the reward.
He refuses.
Having cleared his name  Jim would like to return some day and  looking at Jessica  anything else.
S mine.
He rides back up  knowing.
He has earned his right to live there.
<EOS>
Various events involve a dating agency run.
Their Wedded Bliss agency purports to bring together lonely hearts using computer-matching technology.
Couples are actually paired up by Sophie.
Bliss consistently avoids marrying Sophie  enthusiastically pursuing Esme Crowfoot  a seamstress and client.
Who consistently rejects his advances.
Percival Snooper becomes a client to find a wife  as a confirmed bachelor  he s inept at his job as a marriage counselor due to lack of personal experience.
James Bedsop is a private detective.
Sophie hires to spy when he supposedly vets the female clients  including Esme.
Timid Bertrum Muffet winds up.
The agency muddles his directions.
Client Terry Philpotts suffers several failures with the agency including a disastrous meeting with prim  sheltered Jenny Grubb.
Jenny moves in  undergoes a makeover  and becomes a model.
Terry later finds romance.
Percival s association provokes his jealous housekeeper  dowdy Miss Dempsey  to reveal her seductive side.
Esme s estranged lover  volatile wrestler Gripper Burke  returns to cause havoc.
Peter Butterworth appears.
A Bluebeard-esque character jokingly referred as Dr Crippen.
He approaches Sid Bliss to find his third wife.
His first wife died eating poisoned mushrooms  the second suffered a fractured skull.
She would nt eat the mushrooms.
<EOS>
National Velvet is the story  Velvet Brown  living in Sewels  in Sussex  England   aided by her father s hired hand  a young drifter  Mi Taylor.
Who wins a spirited gelding and trains it for the Grand National steeplechase.
Who claims to have found Mrs Brown s name and address.
Mi loathes horses.
While a jockey  he caused a collision which resulted in the death of another jockey.
The horse is called The Pie  short  the epithet given him by the previous owner due to his misbehavior.
Velvet wins The Pie and convinces Mi to train them both for the Grand National.
The night.
The Latvian jockey hired to ride The Pie.
He can win.
Mi imagines.
Rather than give up the race.
He will overcome his fears and ride.
Velvet has other ideas  and to victory.
Exhausted  Velvet collapses from the horse shortly after the finish  and is disqualified for not staying in the saddle until reaching the enclosure.
A doctor discovers.
The fallen jockey is   an adolescent female.
Velvet becomes a media sensation.
Velvet declines offers to travel to Hollywood with The Pie to be filmed.
He would nt like being looked.
Velvet rides off to reveal to a departing Mi swim across the English Channel as a young woman.
His father was Mrs Brown s coach.
The film differs  from the colour of the horse and its name to the appearance of Velvet and her mother.
Of whom have been glamourised.
Velvet   is plain  pale and sickly  her mother weighs 16 stone.
The Brown family has also been made to seem more educated and richer  Mr Brown is a prosperous butcher.
Mrs Brown  who keeps the books  has won 100 pounds.
<EOS>
Sathyamoorthy  an honest politician  becomes the new Minister.
Chakravarthy  a corrupted politician  feels ridiculous and tries to kill.
Who wants to be a minister.
Sathyamoorthy but Chakravarthy fails each time.
Rajaram  a jobless graduate  comes to find a job.
He has a mother.
He has many debts.
There  he becomes friend.
Who is also a jobless graduate  and Chidambaram  a disabled family man.
Sangeetha  Chakravarthy s niece  interviewed Rajaram.
He passes it well.
Rajaram is hired asks him to first charm Chitra  Sathyamoorthy s daughter.
Rajaram tries to charm her.
Chitra falls with him.
Sathyamoorthy wants to see  his daughter s lover  Rajaram  so Chakravarthy gives him a flower bouquet.
Sathyamoorthy appreciates Rajaram.
He gives the flower bouquet.
Sathyamoorthy dies.
Rajaram is sentenced to five years in prison.
Chakravarthy has succeeded.
He decides to kill the witnesses.
Anand  the jailer   becomes the.
Vanchinathan   is the new jailer.
Who looks.
Manimudi  Chakravarthy s henchman  kills.
Pichandi is sentenced to life emprisonnement.
Vanchinathan escapes  they try to flee the innocent Rajaram.
Chidambaram and his wife were murdered.
Finally  Rajaram and Vanchinathan kill Chakravarthy s henchmen.
Chakravarthy is sentenced  Rajaram and Chitra get married.
Vanchinathan decides to grow up Chidambaram s son.
<EOS>
The Civil War may be over back East.
Prejudice still rules the West.
A full-blooded Shoshone Indian named.
Lance Poole distinguished himself  winning the Congressional Medal of Honor  only to return home to Medicine Bow  Wyoming  to something a far cry from a hero s welcome.
Townspeople resent the fact.
Lance and his father own a large and valuable piece.
A doctor refuses to treat Lance s father.
Who dies.
Lance himself is unable to even buy a drink.
A loophole is used by biased attorney Verne Coolan to strip Lance of his property.
Lance turns.
Who fails to acquire the necessary petition signatures they need to overturn the law.
Coolan organizes sheepherders and attempts to drive out Lance.
Shoshone tribesmen fight  using his cabin for a fort.
Orrie calls.
S.
Cavalry to create a truce.
To have them side.
It s a lost cause.
Lance is at least able to kill Coolan  but not.
Lance Poole then turns the responsibility.
Who leads them away and presumably in the direction of the reservation.
Afterward  Lance puts  and walks out to the cavalry commander and his former lawyer.
The commander salutes Poole first.
That is the custom when greeting a medal.
Lance then drops dead.
<EOS>
Kika  a young  bubbly aspiring actress turned cosmetologist  is called.
Who has moved to write about game hunting  to make-up the corpse of his stepson  Ramon  before notifying the authorities.
The circumstances are rather suspicious.
Kika does not raise an issue and performs her work on Ramon.
It turns out.
He is not dead  and is actually catatonic.
He is revived   he is a lingerie photographer.
After Ramon tells her the story.
Who has nt coped.
Feeling empathic  she decides to move in with him.
Kika has a secret affair.
Living. 
She feels sorry  but is turned off by his constant melancholy moods.
To complicate things  he has to evade the constant intrusive gaze - Andrea Caracortada.
Who is also a former lover  and who stalks him since they broke up.
Andrea   has become obsessed.
Who wears costumes designed on and off the air.
She assumes.
Hanging will eventually lead to some juicy news item.
Kika and Ramon s part-time maid is the sister.
Who has just escaped.
Paul received a good conduct leave  and attended the Good Friday procession  commonly called Los Picaos  self-flagellate during the event.
Disguised himself  Paul escapes custody and takes shelter at his sister s workplace.
Kika happens to be sound asleep.
He finds Kika lying in bed while wearing no panties.
He then rapes her.
She s asleep.
She wakes up.
Notices Paul.
She wants him to leave.
An anonymous tip leads them to investigate the rape.
It is still taking place.
They reach the place  Paul is being pulled off Kika by two people.
She s still holding.
He unlocks himself  goes to the roof of the building  and masturbates to relieve himself.
Andrea is coincidentally entering the building  various stories below.
A drop falls on her face.
Kika   relives her humiliation once more.
Who is humiliated.
When Andrea gets a hold and shows it on her television show  and plans to leave the city for good.
<EOS>
Several teenage boys are murdered  each apparently by a different killer.
Local policeman John Brady investigates.
The victims are sons.
Who previously collaborated to investigate the unethical experiments of Galesburg University professor Dr Le Sange  who was reportedly killed years previously but still gives lectures via old films.
Le Sange s research is being continued.
Unbeknownst  Gwen has enlisted his son Pete as a research subject.
Gwen s experiments involve mind control  turning the subject.
John   becomes convinced.
Whose late wife had worked.
Le Sange is still alive and is waging a vendetta.
<EOS>
The film centers.
He gathers acts.
Is blonde Alice Faye.
Also appearing was James Dunn and Cliff Edwards.
George White s 1935 Scandals is best remembered.
Powell  already a Broadway star  had played bit parts.
Scandals was her first major film role.
She left the production so disenchanted  she initially rejected a contract offer by MGM.
Later placed her in the popular Broadway Melody of.
Reportedly  Bill Bojangles Robinson filmed a dance routine.
It was cut.
Actress Jane Wyman appeared as an uncredited chorine.
<EOS>
The film is a musical western.
Sue Farnum gets.
Cheated out by the thieving business partner of her deceased father.
Rogers   rescues her.
<EOS>
Civilization was ruined as a result of a worldwide nuclear war.
Many creatures died out.
However  mankind survived and entered an age.
Where the strong ruled  as the few survivors fought over whatever supply of food and uncontaminated water remained in the wasteland of the world.
Kenshiro  the rightful successor  wanders into a village in search of water.
When he is caught and imprisoned by the local defense force.
He befriends a young orphaned girl named Lin.
Who nursed him back.
Lin is taken hostage  Ken breaks free from his cell and rescues Lin by defeating the leader with his deadly martial art technique.
Kenshiro leaves the village and continues his journey  now accompanied.
He becomes involved after witnessing the many atrocities.
They ve committed.
He finds out.
He infiltrates the gang s stronghold.
The leader is his old nemesis  the Nanto Seiken master Shin  the man who engraved the seven scars on Kenshiro s chest and kidnapped his fiancee Yuria.
Kenshiro emerges victorious with Shin  only to find out.
Yuria is no longer.
Kenshiro continues his journey and goes on to fight several more enemy organizations.
Kenshiro learns.
His three former brothers-in-training are still alive.
The third brother  Jagi  a violent thug  is quickly eliminated.
Who sought to torment Kenshiro.
Kenshiro goes on to search  a gentle healer named Toki  and learns.
He is being kept prisoner.
Kenshiro learns.
Raoh  the eldest  has become a ruthless warlord known as Ken-oh and is now seeking to conquer the postwar world.
Kenshiro goes on to challenge Raoh  but the long grueling battle ends.
The two warriors are forced to settle their differences another day.
Rei is fatally wounded with Raoh.
He spends the last few days.
Who once tormented Mamiya.
Rei goes on to die peacefully.
Another warlord  the Nanto Hooken successor Souther  proclaims himself as the Holy Emperor.
Kenshiro joins a resistance movement led.
Kenshiro confronts Souther and foils his ambitions.
When Shu is captured and executed.
Raoh recovers from his wounds and goes on to resume his reign of conquest.
Toki   challenges the newly-revived Raoh  but is ultimately no match.
Who is.
Toki eventually passes away  leaving Kenshiro as the only man capable of stopping Raoh.
The Last General appears and decides to side with Kenshiro in order to defeat Raoh  sending out her five guardians  the Goshasei  after Raoh.
Kenshiro and Raoh both learn.
The General s true identity is Yuria  Kenshiro s missing fiancee.
Kenshiro emerges victorious over Raoh.
He is finally reunited.
However  the victory is bittersweet.
Yuria has been affected and had very little time left to live.
However Raoh  feeling sympathy  manipulates one of Yuria s pressure points and extends her lifespan by several years.
Kenshiro leaves his friends and spends the final few years with her.
The peace does not last long.
Followed Raoh s downfall.
The world returns to turmoil several years later.
Kenshiro rejoins his former traveling companions  Bat and Lin   fighting under the banner of the Hokuto Army.
The Hokuto Army rescues the rightful Empress Rui   foiling the plot.
Who is also Rin s estranged twin sister.
Who was blackmailing Rui s guardian.
However  Lin is taken captive and is sent off to the mysterious Kingdom of Shura  a land of warriors ruled by three overlords.
Who have all mastered the ways.
Kenshiro defeats Han  the third-ranking overlord.
Who reveals that the Kingdom was Kenshiro s birthplace.
Moreover  Kenshiro also learns.
Hyoh  the second overlord  is his biological older brother.
Hyoh and Ken reconcile their differences.
Kenshiro seeks out the highest-ranking and most powerful  Kaioh.
Who is Raoh s biological older brother.
The final battle concludes.
Both pass away.
Afterward  Kenshiro rescues Lin and leaves her.
He goes.
Kenshiro is forced to help out Bat and Lin one last time.
When a villain named Bolge threaten their happiness.
<EOS>
A young layabout son becomes involved with a group equally committed to doing no work and tries to join.
<EOS>
Elvis leaves Johannesburg Park Station.
Where his best friend  Tumi will drive them to attend his wedding to Ayanda.
<EOS>
To bring a protracted war between the Sires of San Miniato and Vincigliata a marriage is arranged between their children Jacopo and Beatrice.
One night however the bejewelled and beautiful Beatrice is distracted by the serenade of a young troubadour beneath her window.
He has him put and condemned to death by hanging.
When the Sire discovers that his daughter has fallen in love with the troubadour.
Beatrice bribes the prison guard to allow her beloved to escape.
She waits in a boat and   they break free from their pursuers and head for the open sea.
The alarm is sounded.
Her father is overwhelmed.
When he hears and dies of a stroke.
<EOS>
Picking up.
Who s had a successful film career.
My Trip to the Dark Side is one man s journey traveling from the pinnacle of a Hollywood career.
Takes an unexpected turn.
<EOS>
The movie is based by Ajjampur Sitaram.
Story starts  the protagonist specializes in photographing ancient monuments and writing about various rituals and customs.
Have gone unquestioned.
He comes across the strange case of a village girl ` Chenni  by name  daughter of the village Patel and gets obsessed by her very unusual life.
He discovers.
She is a victim.
Being a ` Basavi  she has to treat any guest himself.
Thus she offers him all the comforts and serves him in every possible way.
This comes.
Who belongs.
He resists from exploiting her.
He is warned during a war not to have anything to do with this unfortunate girl and not to stay in that cursed house.
The soldier was taken in a bitter battle.
His young and lonely wife remarries.
But the soldier returns to find his wife pregnant and married to another man.
He losses his mental equilibrium and roams.
He keeps warning people.
Who come to stay.
He is very critical.
Who sacrificed his only daughter.
Epidemics and wars are similar.
A few die and many survive.
The epidemic disappears.
Some die serving the country.
War comes.
People live.
Ananda does not take he mad soldier s warning seriously.
He wants him not to have anything to do.
Ananda wants to stay on and know more about this mysterious girl.
He is very shocked.
When Chenni comes in the night and reveals what she is.
He tries to enlighten her saying.
Her faith is all rubbish.
It is just a myth.
He says.
God can not be offered what is not pure and touched.
She is made to understand.
Whatever she has been doing all these years is no different.
True she may not be doing it.
Is no different.
What she has been doing.
Then what is the answer.
He says.
She should lead a normal life.
Get married and face life.
But.
Who will come forward around to marry her knowing her past.
Chenni is prepared to go.
He can accept her.
But Ananda is not bold enough to take the plunge.
He succeeded but is unable to give her an alternative.
Next morning Chenni is missing.
A search is.
Ultimately she is found dead.
The entire village community looks as the guilty one forgetting their own guilt of keeping Chenni an out cast.
The mad soldier seems to be the only person.
Who has been sympathetic.
Unfortunately it is too late.
The police arrive and declare that the whole episode.
There is no foul play.
But it is he.
Who is the cause.
He accepts his guilt.
He was not daring enough to give her a new life.
<EOS>
Two girls  one dream.
Little Papaya and Big Papaya grow up idolizing Chen Jin Lang  the King  and dream of becoming Getai singers themselves.
Their heart wrenching story is related.
Coached Ling Yi  the Papaya sisters struggle at first.
They have no feel.
They appeal to Aunt Ling s estranged twin sister  the Goddess of Getai  for help.
She grants them their wish  but warns them the price will be high.
If they do not obey the rules.
Rule number 5 states.
They shall not love or be loved.
The Papaya sisters hit the getai circuit and sing their hearts out.
Big Papaya is pursuing her dream.
Little Papaya  being an orphan  is to realize her potential.
Little Papaya suffers from cancer and has little time left.
The Papayas become the most popular sister act in town.
They use their fame to help raise funds to help Chen Jin Lang.
Who is suffering.
But they are soon devastated.
Big Papaya finds solace.
Little Papaya grieves.
Unknown  rival sister group Durian Sisters have become intensely jealous of the Papayas  success  and are determined to trip them up by messing up their schedule.
The Durians succeed in shutting the Papayas out of many getai.
They are ruthless on the Papayas  using magical darts to hurt their rivals.
Guan Yin can not defend them.
Even the Goddess is appalled.
She warns them.
She grants the Papayas whatever celestial powers she can bestow.
There is a limit to what she can do.
The Durians challenge the Papayas to a showdown.
The stakes are high.
Whoever loses will leave the getai scene.
The Papayas accept  and start preparing.
The movie climaxes.
Both sides pull out all the stops to win  at first with their musical numbers.
But  the Durians attack with their celestial powers.
The fight becomes more intense.
<EOS>
Valerie Plame is employed.
She is an agent involved overseas.
Her husband  Joseph C.
Wilson  is a diplomat.
Who most recently has served.
S.
Ambassador. 
Wilson is approached by Plame s CIA colleagues to travel there and glean information as to.
Whether yellowcake uranium is being procured in the construction of nuclear weapons.
Wilson determines.
It is not.
Military action is taken.
Bush   Wilson submits an op-ed piece  claiming these reports to be categorically untrue.
Who justifies it by alluding to the uranium s use in building weapons of mass destruction.
Plame s status is subsequently revealed in the media  the leak possibly coming from White House officials  including the Vice President s chief of staff and national security adviser  Scooter Libby  in part to discredit her husband s allegation.
The Bush administration had manipulated intelligence to justify the invasion.
Plame is instantly dismissed from the agency  leaving several of her delicate operations in limbo and creating a rift in her marriage.
Plame leaves her husband  further angered.
Expose them.
Wilson ultimately persuades her  however.
There is no other way to fight a power as great for citizens like them.
Plame returns and testifies before a Congressional committee.
Libby is convicted and given a 30-month prison sentence.
President Bush commutes the jail time.
<EOS>
Josh finds himself haunted.
Years after a tragic train accident killed his girlfriend.
Keep him.
His buddy  back  tries to wake Josh from his painful past.
A mysterious young waitress offers a seductive alternative.
<EOS>
Fairy Tail  a Mage Guild.
Solves various requests.
One day  a request flew in.
I want the leader.
Natsu and the team   set out in high spirits  However   they let Geese escape right in front of their eyes.
Who are looking forward.
Lucy made.
Lucy  met.
The request failed.
Who was depressed.
A mysterious girl named Eclair and a strange bird named Momon.
Eclair somehow lost her memory.
The only thing is.
She remembers.
She must deliver the Phoenix Stone to somewhere.
Eclair   and the secrets hidden  with this meeting as the start  this time  a brand new enemy  and a sinister plot will confront Fairy Tail.
Who hates magic.
<EOS>
Cher Horowitz is a good-natured but superficial girl.
Who is attractive  popular  and extremely wealthy.
She has risen to the top of the high school social scene and is happy and self-assured in her insular  fashion-obsessed world.
She lives  her mother has long since died  having succumbed to complications while undergoing liposuction.
Cher s best friend is Dionne Davenport.
Who is also rich  pretty  and hip  and understands what it s like to be envied.
Is Josh  her socially conscious.
Who visits.
Josh and Cher spar continually  she refers to him as granola breath and mocks his scruffy idealism.
He teases her  and says that her only direction in life is toward the mall.
Illustrating  Cher plays matchmaker.
Cher s selfishness is usually innocent and relatively harmless.
She achieves her original purpose - to make them relax their grading standards - but  she realizes.
She can renegotiate a bad report card.
When she sees their newfound happiness.
She likes doing good deeds.
Cher now decides.
The ultimate way she can give back would be to adopt a tragically unhip new girl at school  Tai Frasier.
Cher and Dionne give Tai a makeover and initiate her.
Cher also tries to extinguish the strong mutual attraction and to steer her toward Elton  a rich snob.
Her second matchmaking scheme backfires.
When Elton rejects Tai and makes a play.
Matters worsen  however.
When Cher s project works a bit too well.
Tai s popularity begins to surpass Cher s.
After Tai has a near-death adventure.
Other classmates   soon gravitate toward Tai.
Cher finds herself demoted to courtier at high school.
Meanwhile  Cher has a couple.
The first involves Elton  the next concerns Christian  a handsome classmate.
Who turns out to be gay.
Cher naively and repeatedly fails to recognize Christian s homosexual tendencies  and tries unsuccessfully to seduce him.
They are alone one night watching Spartacus.
The next day  Dionne s boyfriend  Murray  roars.
Makes Cher s mistake clear at last.
Events reach a crisis.
Cher fails her driver s test and ca nt renegotiate the result.
Tai confides.
When Cher goes home  crushed.
She s taken a fancy and wants Cher to help her get him.
Cher says.
She does nt think Josh is right.
They quarrel.
Cher  left all alone  begins to think.
She has created a monster.
Feeling totally clueless  she reflects to understand or appreciate the people in her life.
Most  she keeps thinking about Josh and Tai  and wonders.
She cares so much.
Cher discovers.
She has fallen with Josh.
She begins making awkward but sincere efforts to live a more useful life  even captaining the school s Pismo Beach disaster relief effort.
A scene finds Cher and Josh stumbling over  finally culminating in a tender kiss on the stairs of her home.
To admit their mutual feelings.
The film has a happy Hollywood ending  Mr Hall and Miss Geist get married  her friendships with Tai and Dionne are reaffirmed  Tai and Travis are in love.
She too has now finally found love.
<EOS>
The powers converge to claim the soul of a young girl.
Who may have made a deal.
Michelle wakes up.
A devastating car accident claims the life.
Subsequently haunted and terrified by the Mephistophelean force  Michelle desperately attempts to unlock the mystery of her malevolent past.
Commences to take the lives.
The legions come calling her name.
<EOS>
A geographic society proposes to travel around the world.
Many vehicles are made  including a submarine  an automobile  and a railway box car filled with ice.
The machines are loaded  and are sent to the Swiss Alps.
Where the travelers will begin their journey.
They first board an automobile named The Impossible Carriage and journey  only to crash and to be rushed to a hospital.
They board a train  and journey up a mountain top.
They have recovered.
Getting higher and higher every minute   they rise into space and are swallowed by the sun.
The travelers land.
They are happy to be alive.
The heat is too much.
All but one are loaded into an ice box  but are suddenly frozen.
The remaining traveler starts a fire to melt the ice  and moves the individuals over.
The submarine is launched off the sun  and falls.
A boiler problem causes the submarine to explode.
The travelers are thrown up  and fall onto land.
A grand rejoicing is held.
<EOS>
The ship Ryujin Maru II disappeared while in the South Pacific.
Days layer  another ship  bound  stumbles upon the craft adrift at sea.
Six members decide to board the ship to see.
There is no one.
They find no one on board at all  only piles of disheveled clothes.
They find an unfinished log  and begin to suspect.
The crew must have been killed somehow.
Dai  one  is killed by a mysterious blue liquid.
Leaving the captain s room.
Who boarded the ship.
Climbs up his leg and melts his body  leaving only his clothes behind.
The liquid takes the shape of a man and is joined by another one from the window.
The monsters rush and quickly claim another victim.
Next  Sou is killed.
Only two make it off the ship alive.
They spot Liquid People walking.
They disembark away.
Much later   a drug smuggler by the name of Misaki is mysteriously killed.
Trying to get away  leaving only his clothes behind.
The police investigate.
Who says he has nt returned.
Arai works  so the police decide to go there for further investigation.
The police go back to Arai s room and find a man backstage with her.
They bring him in as a suspect.
He is identified.
Masada explains.
He wanted to talk about Misaki  and explains his theory that Misaki s disappearance is the result of his physical form melting away  possibly from an extreme amount of radiation in the rain that night.
The police do nt buy a word  and set up patrols.
Where Arai is living.
That night  a man sneaks into the apartment and threatens Arai  asking her  however  he gets no answer.
Where Misaki is.
Arai explains that she simply does nt know.
Nishiyama states  and leaves out the window.
He will spare her life.
Not long after  Arai hears gun shots.
Are followed.
Arai then opens the door and faints in the hall.
The police go the room to investigate  and look out the window only to see clothes and a gun lying out.
The police take Arai in for questioning  but get no new information from her.
Masada arrives to try and prove his theory to them once more  this time.
He invites them to go back where he announces that he has collected witnesses that will prove his theory.
Once there  the witnesses tell their story.
That boarded the ship  and how four lost their lives that night.
Masada next shows him the effect.
The Ryujin Maru II was exposed  on a bullfrog.
The bullfrog melts almost immediately  all are transformed into a liquid.
The police still do nt buy.
The Misaki disappearance is related  though.
The police decide to question Arai again  this time showing her a group  asking her to identify.
Who came the night before.
She points out Nishiyama.
Meanwhile  Masada finds a lifesaver.
Belongs. 
He starts to suspect.
The liquid might have attached itself and traveled to Tokyo.
Masada takes the lifesaver back.
Where he and his colleagues find out that the lifesaver is indeed radioactive.
Arai then visits the institute to find Masada and tells him  and.
A liquid killed the victims.
Professor Maki is intrigued  and asks.
Masada goes and tell them their findings.
Masada complies  but is still laughed at down.
The police become  Masada divulges.
Notably annoyed  and  to stay in their favor.
He believes that waiter maybe in on the drug smuggling.
That night  the police visit the cabaret again  disguised.
They watch  and mark down.
Tables the waiter stops.
Every time someone starts to leave.
They arrest them.
Eventually the guests begin to catch on.
One fires his gun right.
They cuff him.
The waiter hears this and warns Uchida  an intricate figure.
They retreat.
Once inside  they try and escape  but are cut off by an.
The waiter  along is killed.
The H-Man next tries to get Arai  but is distracted.
Who starts firing.
The H-Man liquefies the officer  and then escapes.
Uchida takes off his clothes  to fake his death  and escapes.
The police now accept Masada s theory.
It s also confirmed.
The liquid got by attaching itself to the lifesaver.
Maki explains.
The only way to kill the creatures is.
Then Masada   explains to the police.
Were nt radioactive  meaning he must have escaped.
Arai is kidnapped by Uchida.
Meanwhile  the authorities plan to use their high voltage discharge unit to stop the H-men s infiltration upstream.
Next they plan to evacuate and fill the surrounding bodies  to incinerate the ones already in the city.
Uchida leads Arai to retrieve the stash of drugs.
The authorities can put this plan.
The waiter had been hiding down there.
Masada finds a piece of Arai s clothing floating in the water near one of the sewage valves  and rushes in the sewers looking for her.
The police catch wind and ask permission to go down with one of the teams preparing the gasoline operation.
A rescue team is then prepared  and goes in.
Uchida is killed.
Arai begins to flee.
Masada finds her  and manages to help her get away.
The rescue team discovers them both.
The water is then ignited  burning alive all and putting an end to their reign of terror.
<EOS>
White Eagle  a Pony Express Rider  is the son.
Who has been raised.
He believes himself to be the son  and is working to get a peace treaty signed between the Indians and the white settlers.
But ` Dandy  Darnell  a notorious and merciless outlaw  tries to keep the fight alive.
This serial was inspired  again starring Buck Jones in the title role.
<EOS>
The film begins and then moves on through their courtship  marriage  succession to the throne after the abdication of Edward VIII  and World War II.
The film portrays King George VI s struggle to overcome his stammer  the fear.
He felt.
The punishing stress.
The King was placed.
<EOS>
Oswald is a sailor.
Who works.
One day  he looks forward to find a date.
When work was dismissed.
Minutes afterward  Oswald arrived.
To get the attention  Oswald sings.
A couple played an accordion.
Looking out the window was a girl cat.
Who was entertained.
To get inside  Oswald springs himself upward using the accordion.
Oswald then notices.
The girl cat was having an affair to return to the ship.
Back  Oswald was assigned to scrub the ship s main floor and polish the cannons.
To make his jobs more interesting  he comes up by riding behind two runaway tabbies and at the same time scrub the floor with brushes attached to his feet.
He gets pulled.
This strategy turned out to be very difficult to control.
It resulted.
The admiral was most dissatisfied and literally kicks Oswald out.
The kick was so powerful.
Oswald was sent airborne.
The rabbit ends up landing.
Are hanged.
Lies the window of the lighthouse.
Was right next.
Once more the girl cat shows up and was happy to see Oswald again.
The two traded kisses.
<EOS>
Three decorated Navy pilots finagle a four-day leave.
They land a posh suite.
Where Commander Andy Crewson  a master  arranges to populate it with wine  women and song.
Blonde bombshell Alice Kratzner is one.
Crewson has a stash.
Once there  she is naturally attracted  but later turns her attention to Lieutenant McCann  a married man.
Who also is.
McCann can leave the Navy immediately and return.
He is elected.
Lieutenant Wallace tries to get the three pilots   to make morale-raising speeches at the plants of shipyard magnate Eddie Turnbill  and also to grease a popular job for himself upon leaving the service.
That Turnbill will vouch.
Crewson and his cohorts  however  are physically and mentally exhausted and simply want to enjoy a few days away from it.
Suffering and confronted with a number of reminders of the horrors of war  Crewson tries to amuse himself by making a play for Turnbill s attractive fiancee  Gwinneth Livingston.
She resists his advances  but ultimately throws her engagement ring in Turnbill s face.
Crewson declares his love.
<EOS>
The story for better working conditions.
Professor Sinigaglia helps the workers organize their strike and give form.
<EOS>
Ajith Kumar   says.
Who lives.
He would marry the girl he likes.
He goes after getting a job as a bank manager there.
He gets a glimpse of Simran and promptly falls in love.
He identifies her scooter model.
Soon he goes to end up in a colony surrounded by comedians.
The colony people mistakenly thought.
Therefore he lied.
He was looking to rent.
Then  he agreed to stay after conforming.
Divya and her mother  Sujatha is residing.
Jeeva tries to impress Divya.
The comedian s gang found out.
Jeeva is trying to approach Divya and agreed to help Jeeva.
They ask Janaki s opinion.
However  Divya refused the offer saying.
She is not interested.
A lonely sad  pathetic looking.
Janaki seemed to hide something.
The gang gave few ideas to persuade Divya.
All failed.
Tired  Jeeva himself tell Janaki.
He want to marry her daughter.
Impressed  Janaki advised Divya to accept him.
Truthful  Divya revealed.
Janaki is actually her.
Knowing  Divya insults him.
Jeeva loves her.
That he would give up.
But  he did nt.
Every time Jeeva did well  it reminds her husband  Prithvi s cruel.
She started to compare them both.
Prithvi is killed by Divya.
When he encourages his friends to sexually abuse her.
Believing  Janaki and Divya start a new life.
The bad time is.
Divya falls with the help of the comedian s gang.
However  Janaki did not allow Divya to tell Jeeva.
The whole colony cheered and arranged an engagement.
Well  almost.
Prithvi returns.
He blackmailed Divya to sleep one night before her marriage and ask Jeeva to sanction him a loan of Rs 25 lakhs.
Otherwise  he will reveal the truth.
Somehow  Jeeva knows the truth and claimed to be proud to become Divya s husband.
This distracts Prithvi.
Who then decides to stop the marriage.
What can a good mother do to stop the evil son.
Hence mothers-in-law are dedicated.
<EOS>
Barry decides to sell the family piano.
Belongs. 
This results leaving him.
Their son Mick.
Mick desperately wants his mother to return home and so he decides to save up some money to buy the piano back.
The town s annual harvest festival is about to commence.
An all-girl band fronted arrives to participate.
Mick develops a wacky scheme.
Which he dresses up and becomes ` Michelle   in hopes of joining the girl band to make the money he needs.
The scheme works  however Mick becomes increasingly attracted.
Who has just broken up after he cheated on her with the band s.
Mick/Michelle eventually earns enough money to buy the piano back  however Angela has since become close and has now developed unexpected feelings for.
Angela then begins questioning her sexuality and unfortunately  she has vowed to kill any man.
Who lies again.
<EOS>
John Skillpa  a quiet bank clerk living  prefers to live an invisible life  He has multiple personality disorder  the implied result of childhood trauma inflicted by his abusive mother.
Order to hide his secret.
His alter ego is a woman  Emma.
Who each morning does his chores and cooks him breakfast before he starts the day.
One day  a freight train caboose derails and crashes.
He is out as Emma.
Emma enters his house  putting John s other life  so he is forced to tell his neighbors.
When his neighbors come.
Emma is his wife  married.
Forced to fool the town.
He and his alter ego are man and wife.
A young and struggling single mother  Maggie  holds the key and sparks a battle between the personalities.
Where Emma begins to take completely.
<EOS>
Middle-aged Lily Cristobel Moffatt sets up a school  despite the determined opposition of the local squire.
Eventually  she considers giving up.
Then she discovers a promising student  Morgan Evans  a miner seemingly destined and heavy drink.
She works hard to help him realise his potential.
Morgan gets the opportunity to take an examination for Oxford University with  hopefully  a prized scholarship.
Moffatt  the rest  and their students are hopeful  and so he does.
Morgan will pass the Oxford interview.
However  Bessie Watty  a young woman  blackmails the faculty.
Who has recently given birth.
Order to help raise the baby.
The conniving young woman has designs.
Instead  Moffatt volunteers to adopt the child.
Watty will be free to marry another man  unfettered to the child.
Morgan quickly hears  and insists upon raising the child himself.
Moffatt convinces the young man to continue his higher education and contribute something to the world.
<EOS>
The movie involves two stories.
The film opens  Liang Seo Hu  pursuing the disciples to take revenge for General Liang   and.
Who was the father.
Who was also Tung Chi s martial arts brother.
Wang Chow Ming and Lin Fu Sheng tells the story of the original Ten Tigers.
Anti-Ch ` ing revolutionary leader Chai Min Yu is being hunted down.
He is almost caught.
When a masked man rescues him and escapes with him.
The masked man is Li Jen Chiao a loyal ex-Shaolin man and the owner.
Li Jen Chiao hides Chai Min Yu  and sends his younger brother.
Tan Ming to seek the help.
Tan Ming is temperamental and is always getting.
He starts fighting.
Su He Hu.
He explains the reason.
Luckily  Li Jen Chiao is able to explain the situation.
The two man gladly swear their allegiance.
They are also joined.
Beggar Su Chan  Iron-finger Chung  Chu Yu Sheng  Tieh Chow Tsan also join.
In the present  an older Su Chan and Su He Hu plan a counter attack to kill Tung Chi  his brother Tung Pa  and their nephew before they can kill the remaining Ten Tigers.
<EOS>
It is the year.
411 BC and the Peloponnesian War has been raging for some 20 years.
The women finally ended use a trick to make their husbands comply  led  they barricade themselves on the Acropolis   and refuse to have sex with their husbands.
Who want to see the conflict.
Where the Athenian treasure is kept.
Peace is restored.
The men soon sport gigantic erections.
As are depicted by huge prosthetics that protrude from under the actors  clothes.
This unfortunate state hinders them in their capacity to fight.
Luckily  the Spartans have the same problem.
Comes Hepatitos  the local homosexual and transvestite.
Who disguises himself and advises the generals to order circumstantial homosexuality as a way to relieve the pressure in their men.
The soldiers refuse  but quickly warm up to the idea -- and soon everyone lives rather happily in male-male relationships.
The women are not amused.
Their plan has been foiled.
However   peace is finally established.
The soldiers begin to fall instead of fighting them.
The women end their strike.
It is hinted.
Homosexual and heterosexual relationships will be regarded as relatively exchangeable.
It also contains interesting tidbits  such as a relatively accurate life-size replica of the Pallas Athene statue by Phidias in the Parthenon.
The film is primarily a bawdy comedy.
The scene  can be seen.
Which one soldier is about to kill an enemy fighter  but is moved so much that he spares him and arranges a tete-a-tete with him after the battle.
<EOS>
A dark fairytale combining the drama with classic elements of Gothic imagery inspired by the German Expressionist films of the.
A young artist  Lucy Snow  struggles bravely to cope.
Her dreams become haunted.
This lonely wanderer  it s whispered  has roamed the world.
Can such a man exist.
<EOS>
Jim Carrington leaves England after a scandal  and seeks his fortune as a gold prospector in northern Australia.
He learns but is wounded and captured by the drive.
He is given up by everyone except for Dorothy.
Who continues to search.
She is captured as well and discovers.
Her father is alive.
They return together.
Where Dorothy is reunited.
<EOS>
Christin works.
She is caught embezzling company funds and turns to Zidane.
Zidane refuses.
Christin attempts a fake suicide  hoping  but her plan fails.
Budcasso would take pity.
She really dies.
She becomes a vengeful ghost to take her revenge.
She was dressed when she died.
Meanwhile  Budcasso invites his ex-wife Mrs Bud Lung.
To attend his wedding.
Bud develops a rivalry.
Bud is a traditional Chinese ghostbuster.
Zidane has a mastery.
They become friends.
He abandons Zidane.
Budcasso has a phobia.
He did after seeing that his fiancee is another ghostbuster.
<EOS>
The movie was a Metaphorical Dramatization.
Upendra metaphorically represents Karnataka  Prabhu Deva metaphorically represents Tamil Nadu.
Priyanka Upendra metaphorically represents the Kaveri River.
Flows. 
The love triangle metaphorically represents the Kaveri River water dispute.
Honnuru and Chennooru live.
The river is the lifeline.
Where people live.
A love-struck couple representing each actually manages to bear a child as a symbol of the unity.
They share.
Kireek.
Who manages to convert the love that the couple shares.
The once friendly and harmonious villagers now turn thirsty.
The woman bears the child.
The cautious boatman takes the girl child  now christened Cauvery.
Cauvery grows up and is also shown to be a caring and nurturing girl.
Who only believes.
Udayashankar.
Who is pretty much the landlord.
He has his own way.
He believes.
And not just.
This is probably.
Kireek is awestruck to find beggars in double breasted suits in Honnuru.
Equality is a forced entity.
One shows.
Uday managed to trade places with a poor worker s family.
This   is.
Uday sees equality.
Vairamuttu.
Who is shown to be a Chennoorian returning.
Not only does he bring back stuff but for his entire village.
His vision is.
Muttu also believes.
He nurses political aspirations and has figured out.
If he keeps his people happy then he is sure to achieve a lot on his political vehicle.
Uday and Muttu have only one thing - Cauvery  the doctor.
Sparks friction.
She is playing the mute doll.
When she is not busy curing patients.
She has no feelings with either of them yet is drawn towards each of them.
Unfortunately not once does the poor girl get a chance to speak her mind.
Muttu is Michael Jackson-ing himself.
Uday is busy creating heaven and praying to her photograph at home.
The cows come home.
Kireek Sparks fly once again to bring an end to this bizarre tale of love.
Uday and Muttu confront each other claiming stake.
Each one thinks.
She belongs.
The other would face death.
Thought otherwise.
One thing leads.
The people get involved.
Kireek has successfully managed to spin tales and communal riots resurface.
You know it.
People are now chopping each other off  burning each other s houses  violating each other s women.
Who once admired each other.
Kireek manipulates and manages to bring complete destruction to their doorsteps.
There are no winners and losers here.
Cauvery is the only one.
Who has lost more than just the prospect.
She has lost trust and more importantly goodwill around her.
No amount can ever bring it back.
Everyone has already lost Cauvery.
<EOS>
Northern France .
Australian Private Joseph Richmond and his fellow soldiers.
I.
F.
Have retreated during an artillery barrage.
Joe discovers.
The all-important trench periscope has been damaged  meaning he has to poke his head to determine enemy movements after he can overhear them close by.
He retreats  but is confronted by a mysterious soldier.
The soldier tells.
Joe go  even though he is not Joe s relief.
Joe refuses to leave his post.
The soldier reveals himself to be Joe as well.
Joe s shooting exchange was fatal.
He has been dead ever since.
The mysterious soldier represents everything.
Joe had to leave behind to become a soldier.
Now he is dead  the two must reunite.
Joe s soul can meet its destiny.
<EOS>
The story begins.
Astrocartographer Rupert Garcia is.
He recently acquired.
The ship sails  and is soon engulfed.
A dragon galleon appears next.
Zombie pirates swarm the ship.
The crew disappears and Garcia hides with the star map.
The villainous Captain Skunkbeard enters the quarters  along  the aptly named Woodenleg Wally.
The pirates can not find Garcia.
Who hears.
The pirates give up the search and scuttle the ship  and return and disappear into the fog.
Garcia escapes  and is marooned on the open sea.
The next day  Fred is treating the Mystery Inc.
Gang to share  a mystery cruise  compliments of his parents Skip and Peggy Jones.
Scooby and Shaggy have a creepy encounter.
Preparing. 
Whom the duo are sure is up to no good.
The gang meet the bubbly and hyper Cruise Director  Sunny St Cloud  and the captain  Captain Crothers.
The Captain says.
They are bound.
Cloud promises some creepy intrigue.
A montage.
Are. 
Cloud and Captain Crothers follow.
The gang solves.
This peeves the other guests.
Who have no mysteries to solve  as they are all wrapped up.
Soon they rescue Garcia.
Who spins his tale.
The gang naturally assumes.
This is a setup.
St.
Cloud and Crothers are obviously puzzled and have no idea.
Who the man is.
He is taken.
A man appears from the sky and lands on deck.
He turns out to be Biff Wellington  an English billionaire.
Who is known to be fun-loving yet eccentric.
He plans to stay as well.
That night  the gang attends a costume party dinner.
The creepy cloaked man appears.
Who turns out to be Mister Mysterio  a famous hypnotist.
Shaggy and Scooby are picked to demonstrate his powers.
They prove immune  yet the audience falls under the trance  except for the gang  Garcia  and Skip.
Who were looking.
Mysterio dispels the hypnotism and disappears.
The creepy fog then engulfs the cruise ship.
The ghost pirates wreak havoc  chasing the cruise guests.
Who all mysteriously disappear.
A thunderstorm also begins.
Skip and Peggy are kidnapped.
The pirates retreat back and leave.
The gang realizes.
It is not a sham mystery.
They and Garcia are the only ones left.
They follow.
The glowing trail left behind and arrive in a secret harbor.
There  they find Garcia s old ship  and then are captured.
Who take them.
The pirates are looking to find a meteor.
Fell and could be pinpointed using Garcia s map.
They need both the map and Garcia to find it.
The gang is tied.
There are no other cruise guests around.
The galleon enters the heart  and begins to see ghosts from the triangle  The USS Cyclops  Flight 19  even a sea serpent.
Amidst this  the gang manages to escape and explore.
They find a lot.
Was obviously used to project the ghostly images just witnessed.
The ship enters an odd ring  and pulls up the meteor.
Glows golden yellow.
The gang then engineer a trap.
Predictably fails.
The pirates then attempt to re-capture the gang  leading.
Which the entire pirate crew are captured.
Captain Skunkbeard is revealed to be Wellington.
Wally is revealed to be Mysterio.
The rest turn out to be the cruise guests  shipmates of Garcia  and past conquests of the pirates.
Wellington explains.
Mysterio convinced him that he was the reincarnation  and could use the meteor to teleport back in time.
The crew were just hypnosis victims.
This is.
When Mysterio hypnotized the guests  he made it so he could control them  even after they were released.
Mysterio s motive was.
He was going to steal it to make himself rich.
Skunkbeard  still free  attempts to take the meteor  but is stopped by Scooby.
A fierce storm hits.
The gang deduces.
The forces want the meteor back  so they drop it back in the water.
Some steering narrowly gets the galleon out of the ring.
It crumbles.
The story ends.
The cruise guests are now using the galleon as they sail back to Miami to drop off Wellington and Mysterio to the authorities.
<EOS>
Three years ago  a team completed a daring space expedition.
They embarked.
The craft returned to Earth  their commander had gone mad -- taking a terrible secret with him to a heavily guarded state asylum for the insane.
Today  archeologist Lloyd Walker and entomologist Marianne Winters are.
Who are questioning a possible link  the mystery of the commander s madness  and a series of bizarre disappearances and strange accidents in San Francisco.
The answer arrives.
When they stumble.
Liz  now an employee  knows all too well the secret of the aliens.
She is their Earth Queen.
The city s highest representatives are her consorts.
Lloyd and Marianne realize  except Phillips  the one man.
They can trust no one.
Who knows the ultimate goal.
He also holds the mysterious key -- it s in his blood.
He is the commander himself -- the sole mission survivor being held.
Lloyd and Marianne must find him.
He becomes a victim.
<EOS>
Deputy John Johnson is a rookie.
Which he is assigned.
Racial tensions run high as some of J.
J.
S fellow officers resent his presence.
His only real friend is the other new deputy  the first female officer to work there.
Who also suffers similar discrimination.
When J.
J.
Becomes increasingly aware during the murder trial of Teddy Woods   he faces difficult decisions and puts himself into grave personal danger in the service of justice.
Who he helped to arrest.
<EOS>
Patty is lying awake one night.
She is to be executed the next morning.
Patty knows.
What lies ahead if she takes the mark but can still not believe.
She lashes out.
When those try to comfort her and encourage her to accept the Lord.
They are able to calm her down  however  and learn her story.
She got she is at tonight.
Her husband and millions have disappeared in the Rapture  an event she has heard of  but never believed in.
Patty desperately seeks to find her friends and family members but most have disappeared.
Patty and two  Wenda Johnson and her sister Sandy  hide out at Patty s grandmother s and watch devastating world events unfold.
Drought  famine  and earthquakes become.
The norm and Patty and her two friends barely manage to eke out an existence.
The three manage to survive Jerry and Diane.
Who sneak them food supplies.
Patty refuses to put faith in God  instead blaming God for all the terrible things.
Have happened.
Patty and her friends  livelihood becomes more and more desperate.
Time goes on.
UNITE  the worldwide government  seeks to destroy those who will not take the mark.
Somehow  they manage to hang on.
A supposed friend betrays them to UNITE.
They are taken to await their sentencing  It is now the morning of Patty s execution.
She still can not make up her mind.
She almost decides to accept Christ.
She is faced.
She learns the surprising identity.
This is too much.
She can do nothing more now.
Scream. 
Her own execution draws near.
<EOS>
The movie begins.
Their master  Clel Waller  then walks in and becomes angry.
When he realizes that it is a girl  instead of a boy.
He states.
A boy is worth a thousand dollars while a girl is worth nothing.
Her mother is sold and is then taken care.
When Sarny becomes a child.
Sarny is then seen and starts working on the plantation.
Back  Outlaw tries to get Dealey to convince Clel  to give him a pass.
He can marry a girl named Egypt.
Dealey is preparing a dress.
When goes to work.
Sarny is.
Who is just a toddler.
The family and slaves then go  with Sarny standing in front with Homer.
The Wallaces have guests over for lunch.
Clel discusses the fact.
His cotton is worth a lot.
Calle  Clel s wife  bring up.
One wants to court a girl from another plantation.
Clel immediately refuses stating  it would give money.
If they were to have a baby.
Calle asks.
Things can not just be.
Hearing Clel s rejection  Sarny accidentally drops the plate of food  and is punished.
When Clel forces Calle to slap the girl.
That night  Dealey tells Sarny to behave other.
She would have to do the hard labor out.
Sarny replies  she is going to own Mr Waller.
One say.
The next day  Calle tells Sarny to take a letter.
She sees a slave trader  Tom  herding black slaves toward the Wallace household.
The doctor asks Sarny to take a letter to Calle  but to keep it a secret from Clel.
He then gives Sarny a penny.
Back  Tom is willing to sell a slave to Clel for 500 dollars.
Clel then questions Tom.
He is willing to sell a slave worth 3000  wondering if the slave is trouble.
Clel then tells the slave to take off his shirt  revealing many scars.
Clel says.
Instead  he will buy the man off.
That night   the slave begins to talk.
Asking. 
He tells her.
He can trade her letters meaning he can teach her to read.
He explains.
She has to learn the alphabet before she learns to read and that each letter has a different meaning and shows her the letter ` A.
She then introduces herself.
The slave says.
His name is ` John.
Sarny then starts to read the letter ` A  and Calle.
She delivers.
The next morning  Outlaw is being punished.
He had snuck out the previous night to see Egypt.
Arthur  Clel s son asks him to stop.
He is about to whip Outlaw.
They are friends.
Clel then explains and then proceeds to whip Outlaw.
The slaves were made to pick his cotton.
Sarny states.
Clel watched everyone.
That night  Dealey walks in and is outrages.
When the Wallace s are having a party.
She questions John.
He says.
They were because he had tried to run away twice.
The third time however  he successfully got away but ended up coming back.
Order to teach slaves how to read.
Dealey prohibits John.
She does not want anyone to be whipped.
John agrees but says.
Dealey is teaching Sarny the wrong thing.
Sarny states.
She will just learn how to read.
Seeing Calle refuse an invitation  Sarny suggests.
Calle take both her and Homer along.
She convinces Calle.
She can watch the boy so no one would get mad.
They find a cake and accuses Sarny of stealing it.
When the slaves come home.
She states.
Calle gave it but also that she did steal something.
She reveals.
She had stolen Homer s alphabet blocks angering joe.
Joe says.
He is willing to turn whoever is teaching letters in because Clel would kill them if he found out.
He states.
Words are nothing which causes John to shout that words are freedom.
He explains.
The while folks keep the words and that if the slaves had words  they would be free.
Outlaw then asks Joe.
What he knows.
Later that night  John writes Sarny s name.
The letters meant her.
Sarny then questions John the paper  asking him and not just making up stories.
He knows that he is reading.
The next day  Clel recruits everyone.
That is his source.
He promises a feast.
They are successful.
She stumbles and tried to read it.
Sarny and Homer are playing.
This makes her angry accusing him of not teaching her the entire alphabet.
He explains.
Those are instead numbers and that he will teach her everything he knows.
Dealey then agrees to learn as well.
Sarny is overcome.
They are.
She is able to read the bible prompting the priest to baptize her.
It is revealed.
Sarny had stolen the bible that Jeffery was supposed to take care.
She discovers.
She had been lied to and that God was.
The rest reject it and tell her to stop.
Sarny begins to read more and more.
She begins to read a story about a slave revolt  capturing the other slaves  attention.
Sarney then tricks Homer.
She can go back.
The Wallace plantation had a good crop this year.
Clel throws a feast.
Promised. 
The slaves use this opportunity to let Outlaw and Egypt get married.
It is discovered later and is forced to run away.
Egypt is pregnant.
John forges Clel s signature.
They can escape.
Jeffery comes in the slaves  house to thank Outlaw for helping out with his father  but then discovers the stolen bible.
Having his feeling hurt  Arthur questions the slaves.
Who had taken the bible and Dealey takes the blame.
Having told his father  Clel tries to figure out.
Who had taken the bible because he knows that Dealey did not take it.
He then tells his son to whip Dealey.
Reluctant  he is overcome with anger and whips Dealey.
He is stopped.
He is tries to continue.
Who says that he was the one who took it.
This results.
John says yes but then begins to write the alphabet.
When asked if he had learned his lesson.
Clel then attempts to shoot.
John but Jeffery hits him instead  telling his father that he will take care of it.
He tells the other to sell John and get him.
John tells Sarny.
He is leaving.
She knows what she must now do.
Is to forge the other note.
Joe asks Sarny.
When he leaves.
Sarny replies.
He had written John.
Sarny is then seen forging the second note and telling them to name their baby John.
It was a boy.
The next morning   she put it on the shelf.
When Sarny goes to deliver the book.
She then hands the pennies back.
She can not keep his secrets anymore.
Confused  the doctor then realizes.
Sarny had meant when he realizes that Sarny had put the book.
The doctor then hurries.
Where Clel and his man are also going.
Clel interrupts the service saying.
He had found two notes written and signed.
He states.
The first slave had been sold and is now looking.
Clel says.
When no one answers.
He will shoot all.
Sarny finishes it saying.
He starts to count.
She then says.
Clel would not shoot them because they are.
The slaves are now his wealth.
Clel had lost everything.
Sarny explains.
She is worth the most because of what she knows.
Sarny tells Calle to say.
What she has to say.
She insists.
She does not know what Sarny is talking about and tells Clel to shoot the girl.
Clel refuses saying.
He wants to know what Sarny is talking about.
The doctor then intervenes saying.
He is to blame.
He lies and says.
He had taught Egypt how to read simple things and that Egypt had then taught Sarny.
Thinking everything had been solved  Calle tells Clel.
She wants Sarny to be sold.
The movie ends and explains.
There is a bit.
<EOS>
The Little Man Tarzan  feared King at home.
He sets out to capture the Pink Panther.
When Jane orders Tarzan to get her a pink fur coat.
But every attempt to capture the feline ends unluckily.
<EOS>
The film revolves.
Who is blessed - or maybe cursed - to see the past and present.
The film starts.
Where she grew up.
Where her best friend Hope was killed.
Tory s father  an abusive religious fanatic  remains the prime suspect.
Tory resolves to face her demons  with the help of her childhood friends -- Tory s cousin Wade  Hope s twin sister Faith  and her older brother Cade.
Who realizes his childhood crush has nt ended.
Will her friends be enough to save Tory.
<EOS>
Lourenco is a lonely figure.
Who buys used goods.
His profession has made him insensitive.
Lourenco s lack makes him deal with the world as a collection of objects to be bought.
His main pleasure has become to conduct some perverse power games.
The planned life is interrupted.
When he falls with a waitress s butt.
His main desire is to own it.
The movie conduct us.
His desire grows.
The name comes from an insistent bad odor.
Comes. 
It represents the.
He unsuccessfully keeps trying to hide.
<EOS>
Elga Pulsaki and her brother Ossip emigrate from Russia to escape persecution.
Elga marries Norman Hutchinson.
Their marital bliss is torn asunder.
When Norman learns that Elga had had sex.
Norman throws Elga.
Norman s sister reminds him.
He did not suggest the same course for her when she realized her husband had previously fathered a child out of wedlock.
Struck apologizes to Elga.
They are reunited.
<EOS>
The films starts.
She enters another room.
Unknown  the room has diversed gravity.
She is pulled up.
Some time later  a woman named Kate  detective Simon  a blind girl named Sasha  engineer Jerry  game developer Max  lawyer Julia  and an elderly woman named Mrs Paley trapped  each with six panels on each side.
Are doors.
They come.
Who says that they have to solve the code in order to leave the mysterious place.
A wall begins to close in.
The group escapes.
Handcuffs himself.
They realize.
The wall is non-physical and dangerous.
Kate and Simon watch.
Thomas is disintegrated.
Later experiences reveal.
Gravity can operate in each room  while Mrs Paley and Jerry realize that they may be in a tesseract.
Kate begins to notice the numbers 60659 everywhere they go.
The group realizes.
They are connected.
Mrs Paley then opens a panel to reveal her and Simon being killed.
Jerry thinks.
It is a parallel universe  while Max and Julia think it is an optical illusion.
Later   Simon realizes.
The group are sleeping.
He is.
Meanwhile  Sasha   hears a noise and awakens everyone.
Who has acute hearing.
The group finds a floating square  before expanding into a lethal and rapidly spinning frame.
Initially grows.
The group flees.
Jerry is caught and dies.
Sasha and Kate are separated.
Simon starts to suspect.
Mrs Paley is an undercover spy  so he gags and ties her up.
Crystal beams start protruding.
Simon tries to save Mrs Paley  but instead stabs her and leaves her to die.
Max and Julia  disturbed  leave him.
Simon killed Mrs Paley.
They start to have sex  but unbeknownst  they are in a speeding-time room.
They age prematurely.
They turn.
Simon  alone and hungry  goes insane.
He encounters a parallel Jerry and the missing Becky  killing both.
Meanwhile  Kate finds grisly alternate realities.
Sasha tells Kate  the tesseract will implode.
Time and space are distorted.
Reality is collapsing.
She then reveals.
She is Alex Trusk  a computer hacker who is responsible.
She also reveals.
When she discovered that Izon was actually putting people  she tried to stop their operation  but was pursued so she fled into the only place they would nt follow.
Kate  however  still believes.
There is a way out.
Kate finds Simon and stabs him.
He grabs her.
Simon then appears  proving Alex s time theory.
Alex claims.
They are all dead  which causes Simon to snap her neck.
Kate finds.
The tesseract is shrinking  and kills Simon.
She looks and realises.
60659 is the time that the tesseract will implode and that she is there to take back Alex s necklace which was filled.
The hypercube starts wearing away.
Kate opens a panel  revealing a black void.
She jumps in.
When the Hypercube implodes.
Kate wakes up.
She gives them the necklace and is executed.
Izon authorities then report.
Phase 2 is terminated.
<EOS>
Veteran photojournalist Richard Boyle has been taking his camera for over 20 years   Boyle s fondness for booze and drugs  and his colossal arrogance  have given him a reputation.
He does good work.
S left him practically unemployable.
Amidst the nation s political turmoil.
Broke and Doctor Rock  an out-of-work disc jockey  head to El Salvador.
Where Boyle is convinced that he can scare up some lucrative freelance work.
However   it becomes clear.
When Boyle and Rock witness the execution by government troops just as they enter the country.
This war is more serious than they were expecting.
Increasingly convinced  Boyle eventually decides  but he has fallen with a woman named Maria.
El Salvador is a disaster starting to happen.
It s time to get out.
He does nt want to leave her behind.
<EOS>
A young German woman is separated from her family and imprisoned by the Nazis.
She falls in love with a German officer.
They get married.
Her husband is killed  she flees  carrying her unborn child.
All the while  she does not giving up hope.
She will find her family  tied together.
<EOS>
This gangster comedy chronicles the White Tiger Family.
Hong Deok-ja  head  quits the syndicate to open a kimchi business.
Her son marries a prosecutor.
She is pulled back.
When the familiar member is released from prison and seeks revenge upon the White Tiger Family.
<EOS>
The story begins.
He refuses.
Bobby hears a bark and realizes.
When returning home.
A beagle dog is lost.
His father wo nt let him.
He decides to keep him.
Bobby cleans the dog to not make his father disappointed.
However  his father is.
Bobby s father kicks and then Bobby cries in bed.
His father goes back downstairs but then trips and accidentally breaks the vase.
He walks back upstairs  realizing Bobby has vanished.
He then tries to find him  thinking.
He is hiding.
Gnomes come from the wallpaper and knock him unconscious.
Then he wakes up seeing.
He is.
The gnomes tell him and find him guilty.
He is a mental giant.
However   Bobby has not disappeared but disguised himself as a judge and sentences his father into the youth machine.
Turns him  making his life start all over again and be locked up and treated as a baby in the machine forever.
To cover up the illusion  the machine feeds him with a bottle and showing.
It was the poor lost beagle kissing him.
The dog runs away and then Bobby s father realizes.
When he wakes up.
His son is right.
He then starts to lose anger and strictness  and becomes a Regular Fella.
<EOS>
Danny Di Pace  Arthur Reardon and Anthony Batman Aposto are members.
They have a ongoing turf war call the Horsemen.
The three Thunderbirds unleash a knife attack and stab him to death.
They are caught and arrested.
Hank Bell discovers.
One is the son of an.
Back  Bell admits.
He knows the mother of the suspects in the killing.
He is not taken off the case and admits.
He grew up in the same neighborhood.
He is confronted by his.
She tells him her son.
Promised he would never join a gang.
Bell then sets out to find out the true facts and admits.
His father changed his name to Bell because he was ashamed of his background and where he grew up.
<EOS>
Ginger Stewart and Dixie Tilton are offered $ 1000 to serve subpoenas on reluctant witnesses for a breach of promise lawsuit brought by Claire LeClaire against wealthy C.
Richard Courtney.
They have a deadline.
A new state law will take effect.
Unbeknownst  she already knows the defendant  she and Courtney  masquerading  have fallen in love.
A chauffeur named Carter.
Courtney himself does not know.
Ginger is a process server.
Ginger and Dixie manage to serve papers on three of their wary targets  nightclub singer Phil Logan  gangster Butch Gonzola  and professional wrestler Man Mountain Dean  the last in the middle of a bout with Chief Pontiac.
Courtney   prepares to sail away to safety on his yacht.
However  Ginger jumps out.
She is rescued.
She and Courtney finally learn each other s true identity  but eventually admit they love each other and decide to get married.
Ginger sends a message  asking her to bring a few things.
She will need.
However  Dixie assumes.
Her partner is merely luring Courtney in.
Dixie serves the last subpoena.
When the couple set foot.
Courtney also assumes and angrily breaks up.
Ginger was merely acting.
Bronson produces a photograph showing LeClaire cosily nestled in Courtney s lap.
Courtney agrees to marry LeClaire.
Later  however  Bronson confides.
He faked the picture.
Ginger rushes over and stops the wedding ceremony just.
She and Courtney then reconcile.
<EOS>
The wicked Voltan kills his own father.
When the latter refuses to turn over the magic.
He bequeaths a great sword.
The old man dies.
The hand comes and grasps the mindstone.
The sword is now imbued and can respond to Hawk s mental commands.
Hawk then vows to avenge his father.
Voltan s evil touches the whole countryside.
Some time later  a man named.
Ranulf arrives.
Ranulf tells the nuns.
He survived Voltan s attack.
Ranulf was seriously injured.
The nuns nurse him back.
His hand can not be saved.
Voltan appears and kidnaps the Abbess  demanding a large sum of gold as a ransom.
The High Abbot sends Ranulf to find someone.
Who might help.
Hawk discovers Ranulf.
Whom he defended.
Ranulf has been captured.
Hawk rescues him.
Ranulf convinces Hawk to rescue the Abbess.
Hawk locates his old friends  Gort  a dour giant  Crow  an elf of few words  and Baldin  a wisecracking dwarf  skilled with a whip.
Who wields a mighty mallet.
Who wields a deadly bow.
The five men arrive  protecting the nuns and devising a way to lure Voltan into a trap.
They use their combined skills to steal gold with.
To pay the ransom.
Hawk doubts.
Voltan will free the Abbess after the ransom is paid.
He explains.
Voltan treacherously murdered Hawk s wife  Eliane.
Hawk and his friends decide to rescue the Abbess.
They fail.
Hawk kills Voltan s son Drogo.
Who had previously assaulted the convent.
Enraged  Voltan confronts the heroes.
A rogue nun helps Voltan capture the heroes  Voltan repays her.
The heroes escape.
The dwarf is mortally wounded.
Hawk exacts his revenge on Voltan.
The Abbess is rescued.
An evil entity decides.
Voltan will be restored to carry out further evil.
Heeding the sorceress  advice  Hawk and Gort travel south to continue their battle.
<EOS>
An 11-year-old girl named Alyssa Ally Craig witnesses the murder of her mother on a New York City Subway platform  on the F Line at 18th Avenue.
McDonald Avenue elevated station.
Ten years later  a 21-year-old Ally is a student.
She lives at home.
Tyler Hawkins  a moody  directionless 21-year-old  is auditing classes and working in a bookstore.
He has had a strained relationship since his brother Michael s suicide.
Charles appears to ignore his youngest child  Caroline.
Whom Tyler is very close.
One night  Tyler and his roommate Aidan find themselves.
Later  Aidan sees Neil dropping Ally off.
He decides to retaliate by persuading Tyler to sleep with and ultimately dump Ally.
Tyler reluctantly agrees to meet her.
Ally and Tyler bond over the losses in their lives and begin to fall in love.
She and her father have a fight  ending.
Ally sleeps over.
Ally then moves in.
Meanwhile  Caroline   is featured.
Who is a budding artist.
Tyler tries to convince his father to attend the show.
He is forced away.
Tyler angrily confronts him.
Drives a further wedge.
Later  Neil s friend  a cop  recognizes Tyler on a train coming from a beach holiday with his family.
Neil breaks and confronts Tyler.
Tyler provokes Neil.
Forces Tyler to confess everything to Ally.
She leaves him angrily and returns.
The couple remain.
Alienated until Aidan visits her to explain that only he is to blame  and that Tyler was sincerely with her.
They are then shown to be back together.
They walk in the park.
Caroline is bullied by a group of classmates at a birthday party  they cut her hair off.
He turns violent and ends up.
When they tease her.
Charles is impressed.
Tyler stood up.
They begin to reconnect.
Later  Charles asks Tyler to meet at his office.
Charles takes Caroline and is late  so Tyler waits in his office.
Where he sees   a screensaver of pictures of Tyler  Michael  and Caroline when they were younger.
Caroline is then shown.
The teacher draws her attention.
Where the date is revealed.
Tyler looks out from the window of his father s office.
Is located.
He s standing.
Flight 11 hit the tower.
The rest are seen looking horrified at the towers.
The 9/11 terrorist attacks begin.
The camera pans  showing Tyler s diary.
Tyler is later buried next.
Some time later  Caroline and Charles seem to have a healthy father-daughter relationship.
Aidan   is working hard.
Who has since gotten a tattoo on his arm.
Ally is finally taking the subway again.
The film ends.
She looks.
<EOS>
Regan and Becky are having lunch.
Becky tells Regan.
She is engaged.
Regan calls her high school friends  Gena and Katie and tells them  very upset.
She wanted to be the first one to get married  especially.
She complains.
Now they will have to be.
Katie is very excited to be in the wedding.
She ca nt wait  the b-friends to be together again.
She works and is nt very nice to the customers.
Gena   sleeps.
Who lives.
She is talking next to her about an ex-boyfriend  who ruined her life and who will be at the wedding.
Regan  the maid of honor  is shallow and nasty to all the wedding planners.
The three friends are reunited  wondering.
They will get for the bachelorette party.
Becky shows up thrilled to see her other two friends.
The bachelorette party is impromptu.
All Becky wants to do.
Is eat ice cream and drink champagne after the rehearsal dinner.
Gena and Katie   run off to do cocaine.
Who wanted to have a big party.
Katie tells Gena.
She got a stripper that night.
We are introduced.
Who is the best man.
Gena sees her ex-boyfriend Clyde.
Joe  a former classmate  talks to Katie.
Trevor is telling an embarrassing story.
Becky s cousins do a rap.
Gena stands up to give her toast  revealing.
They met.
Becky was forcing herself to throw up.
Katie steps in.
It does nt turn out well.
They are both high.
Later  a stripper  Katie s co-worker  shows up for all the women.
Becky is.
She hears him call her Pigface  which was her mean nickname.
Gena acts yells her  telling her and Katie not to come to the wedding.
It s funny and Becky.
They are sober.
Regan  Gena  and Katie are left drinking and snorting coke.
Regan ca nt get.
Becky is getting married.
Katie tries.
Is too big.
She and Regan both get.
Gena goes to take their picture.
The dress rips.
They freak out and bring the dress down.
They ca nt do anything.
Meanwhile  Regan is.
Who can no longer attend the wedding because he s busy.
They discover.
Katie s nose is bleeding.
They run into Dale and his groomsmen.
He is blindfolded to a strip club.
They part ways but not.
Gena pretends to come on  stealing his wallet to try and help pay for the dress to get fixed.
The men are in a limo to the strip club talking about women and dating.
Meanwhile  the women are standing.
They will never do coke again.
The owner  Melissa shows up and is hostile  for making her open the store for them in the middle of the night.
They lie and tell her.
Becky decided she wants a new dress.
Regan refuses to buy the dress.
Melissa finds because it s her perfect dress.
She says  and then she actually does lick the sidewalk.
She d rather lick the sidewalk than have Becky wear it.
They discover.
Katie knows how to sew.
They buy thread and now need to find a sewing machine.
Meanwhile  Trevor keeps texting Regan to go.
Dale goes to wait in the car.
When finding out Becky s friends are coming.
The three ladies show up and are nt allowed without a male escort.
Dale gets them.
They go inside to clean off the dress.
Trevor asks Regan to help Joe hook up.
They wind up.
Clyde is trying to hook up and realizes.
His wallet is missing.
She starts talking.
Gena tries to clean the dress.
Who uses the dress without her noticing.
Afterwards  Regan yells for trying to confess to Becky over the phone.
The girls begin arguing.
Regan yells.
She handles everything.
Gena gets Clyde.
They leave together.
Trevor gets Joe to take Katie home and tells him to have sex.
He does nt want to do because she s heavily intoxicated.
Gena and Clyde argue.
She stole his wallet.
She is still mad.
What happened.
Gena got pregnant.
She had to get an abortion.
Meanwhile  Trevor and Regan wind up having sex.
Becky calls her and asks her to come up.
Clyde and Gena go.
Who agrees to fix the dress.
Clyde makes pancakes.
Gena tries to call a cocaine dealer.
He throws her phone it s not cute anymore.
They wind up looking.
He tells her.
He could nt show up that day because he was too sad.
They go.
Where he plays her a mixtape he made when they were.
They end up having sex.
Joe and Katie go off and go swimming in an indoor pool at the hotel.
They share stories.
She tells him.
She slit her wrist a year ago.
He kisses her.
They get out.
They re going to have sex.
Joe tells her.
He likes her a lot and cares how they have sex.
He does nt want a random  drunken hook up.
However  Katie ca nt even remember his name.
He leaves  both upset.
Regan goes.
Becky feels bad.
What happened earlier.
She thanks Regan.
She s done.
Regan sneaks off and leaves another message for Gena on her phone.
Becky opens the door and catches Regan about to make herself throw up.
They reminisce and.
Becky took the fall.
Regan is about to tell Becky.
When Becky s mother shows up and tells them.
It s time to start getting ready.
Gena and Clyde wake up.
She grabs the dress and runs out.
The party planners try to find the dress  confused as.
Where it could be.
Joe tells Regan.
Katie locked herself and wo nt come out.
Gena has the fixed dress and brings it back saying.
It s fixed and asks her to clean it.
She finally calls back Regan and tells her the dress.
Needs 40 minutes.
Regan finds Katie.
She seemingly having OD d.
Joe realizes.
Katie took the Xanax that Trevor gave him and calls the paramedics.
Regan sticks her fingers and has her throw up the pills  getting some vomit on Regan s dress.
Regan tells a nervous Becky.
Her dress is being steamed.
Gena knocks and hits him with a coffeepot for giving Joe the Xanax.
She then runs with the dress but misses them.
She uses the same cab.
Who tells her that they are meant to be together.
Becky screams in the taxi saying.
She hates both.
They get.
Becky is still screaming.
Gena shows up.
She gets over it and walks down the aisle  leaving Gena and Regan.
Who has vomit  behind.
Katie gets there late.
The three sit on a bench watching the ceremony.
Regan tries to sleep.
Clyde gives an obscene speech.
He says.
He wants to do that forever and starts to sing I m Gon na Be.
The four girls dance together.
The film closes.
<EOS>
S.
Marshal Rooster Cogburn has been stripped.
But he s given a chance to redeem himself.
A village is overrun by a gang of violent  ruthless criminals  who ve killed an elderly preacher  Rev.
George Goodnight.
His spinster daughter  Eula Goodnight  wants to track the criminals down and makes Rooster an unwilling partner.
But Rooster must use care.
The criminals  led  have stolen a shipment of nitroglycerine.
<EOS>
Journey is a story of a 17-year-old boy named Hari Rai   and his extraordinary journey.
Who lives.
Hari is a student.
However  he also works.
That he could pay and cover his living expenses.
He already has three years.
Very young.
This time  he gets a job to carry a huge red refrigerator  to the nearest town.
We follow Hari Rai through the fascinating Himalayan landscapes  we discover.
Hari s inner life  his thoughts  hopes and dreams.
We also get to know the culture and the local people s way in this region.
We learn with the most important aspects of their lives  family  nature and religion.
Hari is one of the few lucky ones to have a chance of going to school.
Journey shows us.
What it takes for him to get his education.
<EOS>
Two Viking men are stranded.
When their party loses a battle with Skraelings.
The two men move northward  hoping to link up.
They deal differently.
Both men are beset.
Orn remembers his wife.
Volnard flashes back.
Who committed suicide after Volnard killed the man who converted her.
Traveling  they encounter two Irish monks -- one monk is murdered.
Who have escaped.
When he tries to convert the Vikings.
A makeshift Christian church is burned down.
The other monk joins the journey.
The Viking men disagree.
They separate.
Orn meets a beautiful native Abenaki woman.
Who drugs and rapes him.
Volnard bonds.
Who washes his feet.
An Abenaki man trails Volnard  intending to kill him.
The two Vikings are reunited  but Orn kills the monk  the Abenaki man kills Volnard.
Orn builds a funeral pyre.
The strange cold land ultimately prevails.
<EOS>
The film opens.
Joanne is crying.
Kelly has a black eye.
Eventually Kelly gets them.
It is clear.
They are running.
Joanne is an eleven-year-old runaway.
Who is procured into having sex with an old violent mobster with a taste for underage girls.
Kelly s pimp  Derek  bullies her  but it all goes horribly wrong.
The old mobster is killed.
The older man s son  Stuart  then forces Derek to find the girls.
The film follows the duo s flight.
What has happened.
Arriving initially  Kelly visits her friend Karen and tries to earn enough money through prostituting herself to help Joanne afford the train to Devon.
Where the child s grandmother lives.
The two are eventually tracked down and taken to meet Stuart at a secluded field.
Kelly s pimp and associate are made to dig two graves  presumably for the girls.
However  Stuart decides.
The girls are the victims and decides instead to kill Kelly s pimp and associate.
The film ends arriving at Joanne s grandma s house in Devon.
Kelly watches  then turns away.
<EOS>
Dimple Chaddha is a spoilt brat and the only daughter.
Her boyfriend  Sunny Singh convinces her father.
He really loves her.
The next day  he breaks and throws stones at it  harassing the residents.
He explains his actions  The bungalow belongs to his father.
He vandalized actually.
Who died recently.
It had been illegally encroached.
He has to pay thousands.
He d end up having to cede the ownership.
Dimple convinces her father to help.
Sunny gets his ancestral property back.
Unbeknownst  the family living there had a stay order and had a family dispute in the court for years.
There was no Sunny Singh involved.
Meant that Sunny had conned Dimple.
Dimple becomes heartbroken and tries tracing Sunny.
Who   is boarding a flight leaving for Mumbai.
He received.
Flash forward  In Mumbai  Ricky is working as a janitor.
There  he spies.
Who is a headstrong go-getter businesswoman.
She has been ordered.
F.
Hussain painting  one.
Is sold out everywhere.
Ricky attracts Raina s attention.
Where he  pretending to be an art aficionado named Deven Shah  tells her that he has been loaned that same painting by a reputed businessman.
Raina  desperate to deliver.
F.
Hussain painting  fails to identify the fake painting and falls into the trap laid by Deven.
To buy the painting  she is made to deal over the phone.
He is not available to meet.
Mr Suri   agrees to sell the painting for 90 Lakhs - 60 Lakhs in cash and 30 Lakhs in cheques.
He tells Raina to handover.
She hands.
60 lakhs.
The real Mr Suri contacts Raina s boss and reprimands him over the phone for using his name in a transaction.
Never happened.
Humiliated  Raina s boss immediately fires Raina  accusing her of trying to con the company for Rs.
60 Lakhs.
Humiliated  Raina reveals.
Who has duped her.
Dimple  sitting  sees the news on TV and suspects.
Maybe Deven Shah could be Sunny.
She contacts Raina.
Who instantly recognizes that Sunny Singh is indeed Deven Shah.
Simultaneously  Raina receives another call from a widow named Saira Rashid.
Who explains her story.
Raina asks Dimple and Saira to come.
That they can make a plan to find and con their common conman  who they simply name Bloody Kameena.
To trace BK  Raina uses the help.
Who sorts all prepaid numbers.
They finally manage to identify his number and trace him.
Where he goes.
To set the plan  Raina decides to hire an acquaintance.
Enter Ishika  a really smart  sweet-talking and cunning saleswoman.
Who d act.
They call Ishika over.
Raina  Dimple and Saira reach and find BK.
They instruct Ishika to con BK into investing in the restaurant by offering him a partnership proposal.
BK  apparently unaware  slowly starts falling for it.
However   Ishika falls in love with him  knowing well.
BK   has also fallen in love with her.
Ishika is tormented due towards the 3 girls vs the true love.
She has.
Ishika says.
She ca nt con him anymore because they love each other.
The 3 girls pressurize her.
BK  unaware  comes to meet Ishika  only to find the 4 girls loudly arguing about him.
He realizes.
He has been setup all this while.
He is heartbroken  and realizes the pain.
He gave when he conned them.
But BK remains firm.
Wanting vengeance the girls tried to set up for him  he now  in turn  makes a plan to con the four girls.
BK confesses and wants to leave this life behind  and wants to marry Ishika.
He truly loves her.
He s a conman.
The girls set up a fake father.
Who orders BK to buy a plot.
BK agrees.
He asks Ishika to lend him half.
He does not have enough cash.
The deal is made and all the property papers are transferred.
But they soon realize  He bought the worthless swamp plot under a fake alias  then asked the agent to sell that same land to Ishika for 90 Lakhs.
This was all a con.
That way  the money would come back.
Ishika had conned out.
The 3 girls blame Ishika  and vent their anger out on her.
Ishika leaves and returns back.
The three return to pack up and leave  only to find BK sitting.
He explains.
He came back  that he did nt feel good he truly loved  and that the four girls have changed him into now becoming an honest and decent man.
He returns their money - Rs.
1 crore - he stole  and leaves.
The three girls realize BK s and Ishika s love and reunite them.
He lands up  confronts Ishika and proposes to her.
On being probed by Ishika  BK reveals his real name to be Ricky Bahl.
The movie ends.
<EOS>
The Duncan family plans to go in Palm Springs  California for Christmas.
However  they are separated.
When Teddy makes a snap decision to give up her airline seat to Florida with her best friend Ivy.
Unwilling to let her daughter travel alone  Amy also disembarks the plane  only to discover.
The next flight departs after Christmas.
Meanwhile  the rest arrives in Palm Springs  but things are nt any easier  PJ learns the pros and cons of his grandparents  pool after getting a sunburn.
Bob tries to care under the watchful eye of Amy s mother Petunia  who strongly dislikes Bob.
Gabe quickly realizes the downfalls.
To play his favorite video game after Grandpa becomes addicted.
Stranded.
Teddy and Amy find unconventional ways to get to Palm Springs before Christmas.
Keeping with Bob via cellphone.
Amy reveals.
She is pregnant again when they hitch hike.
They get.
When the two arrive.
Where Amy promptly blames Teddy.
Hungry  they sing and perform Christmas carols to get money  arguing and making people laugh.
Someone has stolen their luggage.
Amy then wants to turn their arguments.
Later  they find.
The girl named Jordan who had stolen their luggage and confront her.
She apologizes.
Teddy then gives her free plane ticket  saying.
She does nt mind losing it if it means getting Jordan home.
This gesture helps Teddy and Amy bond  and shows Amy.
Teddy is responsible.
PJ  Bob  and Gabe travel to get Amy and Teddy  but are mistakenly kidnapped on the way and participate in a paintball match based on Gabe s video game.
That they can return.
Gabe wins the match.
He was already planning to do.
They get a free helicopter ride to save Teddy and Amy.
Grandpa and Grandma then arrive by car.
The entire family is finally reunited.
Amy admits.
Only that they finally got the Christmas vacation they wanted  but also that this was the best Christmas they ve ever had.
She then reveals.
She is having another baby  much.
On the way back to Denver from their Christmas trip  Gabe attempts to take the Stone of Mitrios on the plane ride back.
It is taken away.
Another flight attendant then announces the offering.
Teddy quickly accepts once again.
Amy says.
In it is his turn to go along.
Bob obediently goes  jokingly reminding Amy.
They will be back.
Amy smiles and says.
She knows they wo nt.
A short blooper roll follows the epilogue.
<EOS>
B.
J.
Nolan tries to get his millionaire son Kenneth to invest $ 100000 called Nolan Heights.
However  B.
J.
Has a long history  so Kenneth turns him down.
Architect Virginia Travis  unaware that B.
J.
Has no money and is besieged  tries to get him to hire her.
J.
Breaks the news  she faints  having not eaten in 49 hours.
He takes her back.
When she learns that B.
J.
S son  she decides to use her wiles to extract the money.
Is wealthy.
They need.
J.
And her married friends Judy and Hunk.
The latter two masquerade.
J.
S servants.
When Kenneth returns.
Nina is in fact a golddigger.
Henri is her secret lover.
Virginia first concocts a scheme to have Kenneth sign five checks at once using a mechanical device  one of B.
J.
S many failures.
Kenneth signs.
One check is  but when.
J.
Go  Mr Judd informs them.
Kenneth has to authorize any check.
Defeated  they return home.
Meanwhile  Nina plots to get Kenneth drunk  so he will propose.
Virginia has the same general idea.
She and Kenneth discover they like the same things and eventually begin kissing  prompting Virginia to have second thoughts about her scheme.
She then passes out.
Kenneth carries her off to deposit her  past a fuming Nina.
Shortly afterward  B.
J.
Wakes her up and cajoles her.
His son is still somewhat drunk.
She goes  but when Nina makes an appearance  hides in a tree outside his window.
Her dressing gown gets caught.
Kenneth comes out to free her.
He finds the contract B.
J.
Had drawn up and is eager to sign it.
Virginia tries to stop him.
J.
Had brought.
He still wants to finance the project.
He then embraces her.
<EOS>
Nina Ivanova  a Russian dancer  becomes separated.
She is found and taken.
The veteran guerrillas do not know.
What to make.
Youngster Olga is astonished.
She does not know how to fight  cook  mend or clean.
The men  however  are entranced.
He is captured.
When a German soldier stumbles.
Vladimir is ready to execute him out for answering his questions with transparent lies.
Nina is aghast.
The highly educated Semyon persuades Vladimir to give the prisoner a fair trial the next day.
That night  the German tries to escape  forcing Nina to shoot him.
This act gains her the group s acceptance.
The next time  Vladimir takes her along.
The guerrillas carry out an attack.
They lay explosives and blow up a German ammunition train.
Vladimir and Nina embrace and kiss.
Hiding. 
She does not understand his ruthlessness.
She has fallen with him.
He explains.
He was an engineer  proud to have helped build a dam to provide electricity.
He had to destroy it to keep it.
He decides.
When Vladimir has to send a message.
A woman would be less likely to be suspected.
He chooses the veteran Yelena  the only other woman and a skilled sniper.
Yelena loves Vladimir herself.
She is killed  forcing Vladimir to try again  this time by sending Nina.
However  he softens enough to send along the teenage Mitya.
They get through.
Then rendezvous at a village with the message that the long hoped for first Russian counterattack will begin the next day.
Mitya spits.
When a German officer unexpectedly confiscates the house in which Vladimir is hiding.
He can discover the guerrilla leader.
He is taken away and questioned.
Nina begs Vladimir to do something.
He can not risk endangering his part.
He is publicly hanged.
When Mitya refuses to betray his comrades.
Nina watches helplessly.
Vladimir is put.
They are ordered to attack and then retreat to draw away a German reserve force.
Thus   there will be nothing.
When the Russian spearhead breaks through.
One  Vladimir s men die bravely.
Vladimir and Nina resist.
An enemy tank approaches and fills the screen  then blows up.
<EOS>
The film centers.
They end up crashing  only to find themselves washed up on an unknown island.
Where gigantic animals abound.
They make shelter.
Who had hanged himself years earlier.
It would later be revealed.
The animals were the result by the presumed-dead Captain Nemo to end war by solving the problem of world hunger.
He has been an unknown benefactor.
They struggled to survive.
The island s volcano threatens to erupt.
The stranded group manages to escape from the island on the pirates  ship.
The volcano destroys the island.
The highlights were Ray Harryhausen s animation sequences.
The different animated monsters included.
The castaways encountered.
A monstrous crab  a giant flightless bird  giant bees and a giant cephalopod resembling a prehistoric ammonite.
<EOS>
A huckster named Sammy travels on business.
He crashes his car and is rescued Max  close to 8 feet tall.
Unconscious man named.
He sees potential stardom.
He wakes up and interacts.
Sammy attempts to broker his introduction.
He exploits Max s desire to visit a long-lost paramour  Lilliana  in Gallup  New Mexico.
First  Max obtains the role.
He is so drunk.
He vomits.
However  the scene is included.
One day  Sammy talks.
He needs a different kind.
Seagal rejects him.
There was another actor who would take that role.
He changes his opinion.
Suddenly   Max is diagnosed with heart disease.
Is incurable because Max s heart is so big.
Sammy decides to find Lilliana  and tries to convince her to meet Max again.
She rejects the invitation.
Sammy then convinces his wife to take the role.
Max asks her for a kiss.
Sammy eventually decides to return Max home.
Max refuses to go back.
Finally he enters the house and meet his parents again.
Who abandoned him when he was born.
Sammy ends up watching Max s first filmed scene.
<EOS>
The film follows the parallel stories  with most actors in dual roles.
Gabriel is a medieval monk.
Who devotes himself  only to be murdered by a mob when his work turns out to be an image of a naked woman.
The contemporary Gabriel is the pastor.
Whom religion is a matter.
The hypocrisy is exposed by a series of vignettes.
Which the Naked Truth  literally portrayed  reveals their appetites for money  sex and power.
<EOS>
Nam is a girl.
Who is secretly attracted.
However  she feels.
Shone is too.
Nam and her three friends instead turn from the book  9 recipes of love   believed to have a magical power to win affection from the boy of choice.
Nam s father works to support his family and promises to Nam and her younger sister.
He will send a flight ticket.
Nam misses her father and is determined to study hard to raise her grade.
Nam and her friends were denied after picking a fight with Faye  a pretty girl at school.
They instead joined the English Drama club headed.
Where Nam is chosen to play Snow White during the school fair.
Shone was also helping the Drama club.
Nam becomes popular among the boys at school.
Nam also tries to change her appearances.
Her look improves dramatically.
She is also chosen.
Shone joined the soccer team.
Shone s childhood friend Top joins the school.
He immediately likes Nam and some days later.
He confesses his love.
She is shocked and does not answer to avoid the risk.
Top takes that.
Next morning  Top asks Nam to go to see Shone play.
Shone told Nam.
He is wishing he has a girlfriend  much.
They are interrupted.
Nam can say anything back.
Top and Shone share their story and say.
They promise never to fall with the same girl.
Top kisses Nam s cheek.
That night  Nam breaks up.
Top made.
Shone promise never to pursue Nam.
Three years has passed.
Nam secures the first position.
Means she will get to stay.
Nam and her friend finally realized.
The book did not do much help and decides to use the 10th recipe  Direct confession.
Year  Nam finally confesses to Shone only to find out.
She is too late.
Shone s already going out.
That night  Shone came home to find out  and has to leave the following morning.
He is accepted.
He went and take out a diary.
That diary contained all.
He always loved her but never got a courage to tell her.
Shone leaves his diary.
Nine years later  Nam is a successful fashion designer.
Who recently came back and is asked to appear in a variety show.
Shone is now a professional photographer.
Nam and Shone reunite.
<EOS>
Jean Harrington is a beautiful con artist.
She is out to fleece rich  naive Charles Pike  the heir to the Pike Ale fortune.
Pike is a woman-shy snake expert just returning.
Charles is putty.
Surrounded. 
But even the best laid plans can go astray.
First  Jean falls hard and shields him from her card sharp father.
Then   Pike dumps her.
When Pike s suspicious minder/valet Muggsy discovers the truth.
Furious  she re-enters his life masquerading as the posh Lady Eve Sidwich  niece of Sir Alfred McGlennan Keith  another con man.
Who s been swindling the rich folk.
Jean is determined to torment Pike mercilessly   I ve got some unfinished business -- I need him.
She explains.
The axe needs the turkey.
He is so bewildered he constantly trips and falls over himself.
When Pike meets Eve.
She s the same dame  Pike reasons  so he concludes.
Muggsy tries to convince him.
Jean would never come close without at least disguising herself.
The resemblance is only a coincidence.
They marry.
Eve begins to confess her past  dropping name after name after name of old boyfriends and lovers.
Pike finally gets fed up and jumps off the train.
Now separated  Jean s con team urges her to close the deal  saying and can make a killing.
She s got him.
It s over.
Charles  father and lawyers are with her pleading to settle quickly  Jean says she does nt want any money at all  just for Pike to tell her.
Pike refuses.
Jean learns.
He s departing.
She arranges her own passage  and bumps.
As they met before.
Hopsie is overjoyed to see Jean again.
They instantly dash.
Where they mutually affirm their love.
Charles confesses.
He is married.
Jean replies tenderly  So am I  darling.
<EOS>
Kelloway states.
He has known Brubaker  with Apollo 11 occurring during the period.
Capricorn One -- the first manned mission -- is on the launch pad.
Such NASA authorities realize  too late.
A faulty life-support system supplied will kill the astronauts during the flight.
They find.
The manned space program needs a success to continue.
Themselves forced to falsify the landing rather than cancel the mission.
Minutes  the bewildered crew of Air Force Colonel Charles Brubaker  Air Force Lieutenant Colonel Peter Willis  and Navy Commander John Walker are removed from Capricorn One and flown to an abandoned United States Army Air Corps desert base.
The launch proceeds.
The public is unaware.
The spacecraft is empty.
The astronauts are informed.
They will help counterfeit the television footage to and from Mars  and that it is their patriotic duty to participate for the sake of national morale and prestige.
Initially they refuse.
Kelloway   threatens their families  claiming.
Himself to go through with the hoax.
They do not cooperate.
A bomb will explode.
The astronauts remain during the flight and are filmed landing on Mars within a studio located at the base.
They also appear.
Radio signals take at least several minutes to reach Earth.
The conspiracy is known.
Alert technician Elliot Whitter notices that ground control receives the crew s television transmissions before the spacecraft telemetry arrives.
Whitter mysteriously disappears.
He can finish sharing his concerns.
Caulfield discovers.
All evidence has been erased and begins investigating the mission  surviving several attacks on himself and his reputation.
The empty spacecraft unexpectedly burns up due to a faulty heat shield during.
The captive astronauts quickly realize.
Something has gone badly wrong  and that officials can never release them because doing so would automatically expose the hoax.
Knowing  they escape.
The only logical solution is kill them during the cover-up process.
Runs out soon after.
Forced and stranded in the desert  they attempt to return to civilization while being pursued by a pair of black helicopters.
Brubaker is the only one to avoid capture.
Caulfield s investigation leads him.
Where he finds the military base and the set.
He rescues Brubaker.
The men can capture or kill him.
The film ends arriving at the astronauts  memorial service  exposing the conspiracy in front of television cameras and scores of witnesses.
Who are astonished.
<EOS>
Billy Hurricane Smith is a construction worker.
Mourning his mother s death  Billy goes to find his missing sister.
His search takes him  Julie.
Who both knew Billy s sister.
Billy is tortured.
Who is secretly waging a turf war.
Billy is not about to blow town.
Then Billy discovers.
His sister was murdered.
Not only does Shanks endure a savage beating to help Billy.
Shanks is also killed.
When they storm Charlie s mansion.
Charlie has already blown up Howard in an explosion.
Almost killed Billy  and has murdered his own girlfriend just to eliminate loose ends.
Charlie uses Julie as a shield.
His men are wiped out.
Charlie commandeers a chopper.
Climbing.
Flies. 
Where Charlie is killed.
Billy is now free to make plans to bring Julie stateside.
Where they will not run.
<EOS>
The last wish is for his foster child  Harald  to find his real son  Ludvig.
But the latter is currently.
Peter and Martin - the two chefs - want to get him out.
Soon father and son meet.
They get on.
Now dad needs a liver transplant and Ludvig and Harald set.
Everything goes wrong.
When they try to rob a bank.
They meet Mille  who puts them.
Peter and Martin also make a contribution.
However  soon they have the cops and the anti-terror corps.
<EOS>
Gino is a humble.
Who is contacted and offered a large sum of money to take the rap for a murder committed by another gangster.
Gino agrees  planning to buy a fishing boat.
He will earn.
Gino is watched over.
Preparing. 
Who has recently gotten for failing to follow orders.
Jerry decides to give Gino one last weekend to remember at Lake Tahoe.
He goes.
Jerry s tall tales and Gino s quiet dignity quickly get Gino mistaken for a wealthy and powerful mafioso  leading to complications for both men.
<EOS>
Documents sanctions.
Life was.
It follows a number.
They prepare.
The film observed first hand the devastating effects.
The documentary gives the viewer an intimate  character-based insight.
The director Coles-Janess spent months during his filming.
<EOS>
Rangbaaz is an action revenge drama starring Mithun.
<EOS>
Shiva intends to impress Parvathi.
Arjuna has.
He sees a wild boar charging and shoots an arrow at the boar.
As Shiva disguised appears before Arjuna.
Arjuna  an accomplished archer  also shoots an arrow.
The boar is killed.
Was a demon named Mookasura in disguise.
Its original form revealed.
However  a dispute arises as to.
Who the real killer is.
A long-drawn battle ensues  resulting in Kiratha s victory over Arjuna.
The vanquished Arjuna  unable to even stand up  makes a Shiva Linga out and performs a puja  offering flowers.
He finds.
The flower he offers is falling over the head of Kiratha.
Arjuna then realises.
Kiratha is none other.
Pleased  Lord Shiva grants the Pasupathastra  the divine arrow  to Arjuna.
<EOS>
Major General Amarjeet Singh is a dedicated officer.
His son Lieutenant Commander Vikramjeet Singh follows and joins the navy.
Amarjeet is extremely proud.
Tragedy strikes made Ghazi class enemy Pakistani sub.
When Vikramjeet is killed by a French.
Everything is forgotten.
The hatred and rivalry remains.
Years later Kunal joins army but has no intentions.
Amarjeet succeeds.
Kunal do something to honour his deceased father.
Kunal comes and sees Shweta Bhansali.
It is love.
She totally ignores him and does everything to avoid him.
However she is doing this - she was once married.
Shweta fell  unfortunately he was deployed for action on his wedding day.
He had to leave his newly wed bride  and the formation of Bangladesh  Lt.
Commander Vikramjeet Singh has a ship and a regiment of soldiers of the Indian Army  commandeered by his dad  Major General Amarjeet Singh.
The ship comes by a submarine of the Pakistani Navy.
Undergoes damage  and sinks along  but not before he courageously rescues about a hundred of trapped army soldiers.
Years later  Vikramjeet s son Kunaljeet joins the army.
He lacks the values.
His dad and grandfather had.
He just wants to be employed.
S.
Run a business  and make lots.
He always makes up excuses.
Order to accomplish this.
He falls with Shweta Bhansali  and decides to stay in the army.
Order to be close.
He fakes heroism  then carelessly jeopardizes a planned attack and as a result several terrorist escape to their hideouts.
Order to achieve a medal.
Disciplined and chastised  an injured and humbled Kunaljeet awaits to meet his sweetheart - only to find out and married.
She is.
Who is assumed to be dead.
The only thread binding him is broken.
It is then Kunaljeet.
Finds out that the terrorists are planning to bomb the Bhagwan Shivji s Amarnath Temple in Jammu & Sikkim in order to wipe out the Hindu religion and culture once and for all.
Will Kunaljeet act accordingly to save some lives  or will his rashness result.
<EOS>
Christmas 1924  Two-year-old Frances Gumm performs  singing Jingle Bells.
Her mother  Ethel  watches.
Her father  Frank  watches.
Ethel is unhappy.
To help herself cope  she moves the family.
Her daughters will break.
1935  Frank Gumm takes Frances  now using her stage name  to the studios of Metro Goldwyn Mayer to audition.
MGM chief Louis B.
Mayer is not impressed.
Little girl.
When she sings a different song an impressed Mayer says.
Big voice.
Thirteen-year-old Judy signs an MGM contract but  and keeps giving her radio appearances.
The studio does not know what to do with her.
Tragedy strikes one night has been rushed.
When she is told her father.
She is also told  so he will be listening.
Doctors have put a radio.
Ethel shows no emotion at all.
Suzy and Jimmie are.
He dies the next day.
1938-1939  Judy s movie career is now blooming.
Now sixteen  she finds herself.
Who is everything she is not  tall  thin  and blond.
Judy also becomes jealous on her birthday.
MGM purchases the rights.
Frank Baum s classic children s book  The Wonderful Wizard.
Rumors spread.
Shirley Temple might be playing Dorothy.
Judy is cast.
When 20th Century Fox refuses to lend her out.
She is prescribed some pills to help her sleep and to give her energy to work.
She is also forced to lose weight.
She is then seen filming the Yellow Brick Road dance.
They all close in and shut her out  prompting director Victor Fleming to yell You three dirty hams.
Early 1940s  Judy begins a romance.
Who has already been married and divorced twice.
This causes much concern  especially.
Who has now remarried.
Judy continues to see him and is shocked.
When he elopes.
She is continually being reprimanded over not putting enough energy into her performance.
Filming the I Got Rhythm sequence.
Eventually  she collapses and is granted three weeks rest  despite the doctor s instruction.
She needs six.
Aged just nineteen  she marries composer David Rose.
The marriage lasts only eighteen months.
1944  Judy meets.
Vincente Minnelli  who is the director  Meet Me in St.
Louis.
She is then shown filming the Trolley Song sequence.
She and Vincente marry.
She tells him.
She plans to quit MGM when her contract expires.
She also says  throws away a bottle  and vows never to take them again.
She is pregnant.
1947  Now mother is forced to renew her contract with MGM.
Vincente finds out she s taking the pills again.
The marriage spirals downward.
1950  Judy is suspended.
She also tries to commit suicide.
She is fired.
Her marriage falls apart due to his exhaustion of her mood swings.
She meets Sid Luft.
He helps her at the Palace Theatre on Broadway.
Early-1950s  Judy marries Sid.
A few months later she gives birth.
Her mother  Ethel  dies in a parking lot after suffering a heart attack.
Initially  she does not react  having been estranged from her for years.
Her first film fired her  she misses her mark  and starts crying in her dressing room  not exactly sure.
Filming The Man That Got Away sequence is Born.
She is upset.
She receives an Academy Award nomination.
A day before the 27th Academy Awards  she gives birth to a son  Joey.
She loses the award to Grace Kelly  much to the shock and disappointment of her friends  and much of the film world.
Late-1950s  Judy is now struggling  her weight has ballooned.
Her marriage to Sid is starting to crumble.
Early-1960s   Judy tours America  the high point being a concert at New York s Carnegie Hall.
She wins custody.
Her marriage continues to collapse.
Mid-1960s  Judy gets her own television series.
She is forced to go.
After it is cancelled.
Judy s tour starts off fine.
Her concert is a flop  she has trouble remembering the words to her songs  stumbles  and is heckled by the audience before being booed off stage.
Judy later marries to Mark Herron.
This marriage lasts a mere five months.
He turns out to be gay and is discovered with a male pool cleaner.
She throws him out.
Lorna begins to understand the connection.
She reconciles.
Who books her with Lorna and Joey.
He gives Lorna some instructions.
To take care.
However  life becomes too much for fourteen-year-old Lorna.
Who collapses.
Fearing  Sid takes them to live with him in Los Angeles.
1969  Judy marries.
Her new husband is Mickey Deans.
They settle.
Liza  Lorna  and Joey call her.
Say they will come and spend the summer.
When school finishes.
Twelve days later   she dies from an accidental overdose of sleeping pills.
A hysterical Lorna sobs.
The film ends.
<EOS>
A dark slacker comedy obsessed with Woody Allen s film Annie Hall.
His world is then turned upside down.
Who might be the modern day equivalent.
<EOS>
Set  the film features Lloyd Dobler  an average student and aspiring kickboxer.
Who attempts a relationship immediately after their graduation from the same high school.
Diane has just won a major fellowship to study  and will be going there at the end of the summer.
Highly intelligent yet socially inexperienced  Diane is intrigued to take a chance on someone like her.
She agrees.
The two begin seeing each other regularly.
Lloyd seeks advice and counsel.
Who are genuinely looking as he embarks on his first serious romantic relationship.
Diane s father  Jim  is by the Internal Revenue Service for alleged tax violations committed at the nursing home  and  as her relationship with Lloyd deepens  Diane worries.
He owns.
She should be spending more time.
Also  Jim does not approve.
Pressures her to break up.
Lloyd ultimately wins Diane s heart  and supports her emotionally after her father s conviction and incarceration.
The film ends.
<EOS>
A reporter investigates a Toxic Waste Dump.
The British military have tested viruses.
The dead bodies come back to life and attack the military and the reporter.
<EOS>
Billy Kershaw  the son  comes to New York on business.
He becomes engaged.
Who prefers to play the field.
Sometime before  Billy had sent Jim Gorman for theft  causing Gormans girl  Minette Christie  to leave town.
Peggy persuades Billy to buy her an ermine wrap  trimmed with rhinestones.
Is modeled.
Billy realizes.
Peggy is no more and breaks the engagement.
Gorman shows up and attempts to kill Minette.
He believes she turned him.
Billy  however  defeats Gorman saves Minette from being gassed to death in her apartment.
Billy comes to realize.
Minette is the girl.
<EOS>
The Stooges are census takers trolling.
When they come.
The Stooges learn.
Wyckoff is one-half who perform regularly.
Unfortunately  Mr Wyckoff is also a jealous man and a precise knife thrower.
The Stooges make a failed effort to take cover.
When Mr Wyckoff comes home.
The trio depart as fast.
Their feet will carry them.
<EOS>
Mark Furness  once a successful architect  finds it increasingly difficult to control his bad habits.
His wife  Stevie asks him to leave their home  so he seeks solace.
Nathan and Kathy to take him.
His life gets even worse.
When   he finds himself swearing uncontrollably and loses his job.
Accepting  Mark visits.
He is unwell.
A doctor already convinced he is suffering.
Another patient  Charlotte  recognises Mark s habits as symptoms of obsessive-compulsive disorder and Tourette syndrome  and invites him to a local self-help group.
She runs.
Mark finds it comforting.
Others share his disorder and  hopes to face his problems and win his wife back.
Mark tries to beat his disease and is making some progress.
His wife is petitioning him.
- - Mark and Stevie have sex.
Meeting her to discuss terms.
Mark interprets this.
They will be reunited.
Charlotte warns.
It is nothing  leading to an argument between the friends.
Mark storms off but realises.
Charlotte may be right when he sees Stevie.
This plunges Mark.
His disorders deteriorate and  cutting contact completely  he moves into a rundown bedsit.
His situation gets worse still  convinced.
When he begins to stalk Stevie.
She has begun a relationship.
Almost unrecognisable  he even attacks his friend Nathan.
He thinks Stevie is having an affair.
Mark learns the truth about Stevie and her new relationship.
The story ends  but Charlotte re-enters his life.
They begin a romantic relationship themselves.
Charlotte  able to accept Mark  provides the support to continue his battle.
He is.
<EOS>
Pardesi is the story.
His look alike.
The look had to face uphill task.
He is a born criminal.
<EOS>
The film opens.
Who fires the shot  holding his hand like a gun.
Taniguchi Tomoo is discussing his past.
He does not have any memories at eight years old.
He is almost killed.
When two cyborg skinheads try to kidnap his son  Minori.
He is forced to take an injection.
Frightened  he starts working out.
Unsuccessful lifting even the lightest  he suddenly is capable of enormous feats of strength.
Later  he gets an anonymous call asking.
His training went.
The caller informs Taniguchi.
He has kidnapped Minori.
Taniguchi chases the kidnappers.
Where he again finds himself hanging.
However  this time threw his son.
He manages to pull himself up  only to be told the skinhead already.
Enraged  Taniguchi transforms and grows a gun from his arm.
He shoots the skinhead.
Who  having lied  holds the son in front of him  causing Taniguchi to kill his own son.
The skinhead escapes  leaving Taniguchi saw everything.
Who discovers his wife.
The skinheads arrive.
Where their accomplices work out lifting enormous weights.
They meet a Mad Scientist.
Who asks them what kind they picked for the injection  revealing that Taniguchi s injection is part of an experiment.
Later  Taniguchi is kidnapped and experimented on by the Mad Scientist.
Who manipulates Taniguchi s memories  furthering his change to machine.
It is revealed.
The Mad Scientist works who - after ordering Taniguchi s death - informs the Mad Scientist that his goal is only destruction and that every skinhead get an injection.
A skinhead injects himself and rapidly transforms.
His will to kill is much greater.
Taniguchi and the skinhead find they both have the ability to transform back into their human forms.
The two face off.
The skinhead tells Taniguchi.
They all want to be made by Yatsu.
Back  Taniguchi s wife  Kana  discovers.
Taniguchi s injection was actually blocked.
So Taniguchi has the ability to transform under his own will.
His wife is visibly scared.
She leaves  only to also be kidnapped on the street.
Taniguchi pursues the car  transforming and eventually catching up.
Still  the skinheads manage to escape.
Kana meets Yatsu.
Who tells her  but chose to not use it unless he s pushed.
The last time loved.
He used the power - - not only did he kill all the children who bullied him  but also destroyed those he.
Taniguchi finds.
Where Kana is held and ignores threats killing her.
Yatsu talks  then seemingly kills Kana.
Taniguchi has had no mercy.
A hostage meant nothing.
Still  Kana s death pushes Taniguchi.
He fully transforms.
Yatsu tries to rust Taniguchi to death  like in the first movie.
Yatsu shoots a cable  causing further transformations.
Taniguchi has seemingly won.
Taniguchi learns.
His father was creating the perfect human weapon  first training his sons - Tomoo and Yatsu -  then making the guns part of them.
Tomoo leaves.
His brother kills the animal.
The boys also witness their father killing their mother.
Tomoo loses his memory.
This makes.
Him realize the beauty.
Both Tomoo and Yatsu merge.
Tomoo begs Kana to inject him.
Will make him rust.
She refuses to harm him.
The Tomoo/Yatsu creature merges.
They turn.
The final shots show Kana  Tomoo  and Minori walking through the ruins of.
What was once a city.
<EOS>
Shatranj is the love story.
<EOS>
Adolescent Kevin Katchadourian is after committing a massacre at his high school.
His mother  Eva  a once-successful travel writer  lives alone and works in a mall travel agency in a town near the prison.
Where she visits Kevin.
She looks back.
She tries to cope.
Her memories are shown.
Kevin has been detached and difficult.
He does not bond.
Affects his behavior.
He resists toilet training  rebuffs Eva s attempts at affection  and shows no interest in anything.
Eva s frustration drives her to throw Kevin against the wall  breaking his arm.
He is still small.
He dismisses her concerns and makes excuses.
When Eva tries to talk about her increasing concern about Kevin s problems.
Their second child  Celia  is lively and cheerful.
Kevin finally shows interest  Kevin soon becomes an excellent marksman.
When Franklin gives him a bow and arrow set.
She is blinded by an incident with a caustic cleaning fluid  Eva is convinced.
Kevin is responsible.
Franklin insists these events were accidents and that their son is blameless.
This pattern intensifies Eva s fear of her son.
She sees growing evidence in hurting others.
This culminates.
The film concludes.
When Eva visits Kevin.
Kevin is anxious.
His transfer is imminent.
Eva asks him.
He committed the murders.
He responds.
He thought he used to know  but is no longer sure.
Eva gives Kevin a hug and says her.
He is taken away.
<EOS>
A mysterious mirror is found hidden  yet few realize its legacy of evil.
The mirror s demonic power is again unleashed.
When an innocent teen discovers that she is being stalked.
The ultimate battle between good and evil begins.
<EOS>
The film opens.
He notices strange activity in the basement  but ignores it.
Is destroyed.
He leaves the entire apartment building.
13 years later the German tabloid journalist Paul Jensen arrives to work on a magazine owned by his late father s friend Onjegin.
One day.
Buying a sandwich Paul witness the costumer.
Paul s photographer partner Dima tells Paul.
The victim was a famous journalist who s TV-show got canceled due.
Paul meets up.
Katja wants to publish an article.
Jensen s editor does not dare.
Paul suggest.
Katja rewrite the article and that he then publishes it.
Paul and Katja meet up.
Katja reveals.
The journalist knew his father.
Paul and Katja end up drunk and dances.
The following day the two meet.
Police arrive and declare the protest illegal.
Paul and Katja leave.
They retreat and end up making love.
The next day Katja finds out.
Paul published the article.
The editor tells Paul to never do anything.
As they are now.
Dima finds out and warns him to not have serious relationships with Russian women much to Paul s confusion.
Paul later meets up.
She seems distracted and nervous.
A man approaches Paul into the subway.
They walk.
Seconds later the subway is destroyed.
Throws Paul and knocks him unconscious.
Paul wakes up and is meet by police.
He is told.
A backpack he helped carry for Katja contained explosives and that Katja died in the subway.
Paul is charged and is presented with evidence.
He is unable to prove false.
Onjegin is allowed to meet Paul and and tells him he will be sent while waiting for his trial.
Is 7 months away.
Paul is sent.
Knows as Little Chechenia due terrorists held captive there.
Paul is attacked and beat up but is saved by and taken under the wings of Aslan.
Who serves.
Aslan tells Paul.
He knew his father  Norbert Jensen.
Aslan tells Paul about.
Norbert interviewed him  how his and several lost their families in the invasion and how he became a terrorist.
Aslan also teaches Paul.
One night Aslan is taken out and beaten.
Aslan suspects.
A prison snitch is informing the prison commander.
Aslan finds.
The snitch and Paul is forced to watch as the inmates kill him.
Aslan is then taken away and murdered.
Paul decides to sign a contract.
Will have him exiled for him declaring having been treated fairly by the authorities.
Paul is driven away.
He jumps out and outruns his guards.
When he realises he is not being taken.
<EOS>
The story is narrated.
Who begins.
Other members include Johnny Red  a 60s radical store  Double D  an unintelligent but good hearted commune member  and Puck s best friend  and The Trolls  a ragtag group of crunchy types.
Who constantly refers.
Who lived in the backyard of the house and home schooled about a dozen children.
The commune  referred to  is funded by a collective Anarchist bookstore.
Where the members take turns operating the front desk.
This group is referred to as The Family.
Their way is described as peaceful and happy.
The day Johnny Black  a mysterious  militant nihilist  appears.
Johnny Black shares.
When he shows up.
What he sees.
However  politically weak  Black can not challenge Red s authority for the time being.
Frustrated and unhappy  Puck seeks a girlfriend.
He eventually meets.
A young woman  Jody  who he learns is a young Republican college student.
However   Puck decides to temporarily leave the Family and ventures out to find a new job and home.
When his new observations causes him greater internal conflict and personal embarrassment.
Still unhappy and directionless  Puck opts to return.
Has transpired.
Encouraging the group to forge alliances.
Black undergoes a more militant shift in personality.
Black denounces the peaceful  non-violent approach most of the attendants support  and presents two tools to be used in their attack on the plant  semtex and The Anarchist Cookbook.
Johnny Red describes the book  it taught you.
To make bombs  how to make drugs.
It meant something once.
He also accurately mentions.
The author  William Powell  has disavowed the book.
He continues  commenting  the book s not the problem.
The problem is the kind.
Who look for answers.
A few days afterward  Johnny Black discovers Red s private journal.
Which he admits.
He places this to discover.
Which Red admits.
Red s personality becomes more anxious and submissive to Black.
One day   Puck  Double D  and Sweeney are approached.
Carrying science kits.
Who randomly stops them and requests to inspect their contents.
They receive a ride from the officer to Sam  explaining.
Their run is in fact an orphanage the kits are intended for.
The officer decides to visit the building  and enters to discover Karla.
The entire group   is promptly arrested and brought to trial  the presiding judge ironically being a spurned  former lover of Karla.
The flop house  Sam  is shut down  Johnny Black receives time at a medium security prison  with the possibility for parole in four months  Sweeney and Double D each receive 250 hours of community service  Karla  aside from being insulted by the judge  is made to receive a mandatory psychiatric evaluation.
Puck is placed  and forced to move into his parent s home in the city of Plano  Texas.
Puck chafes  but comes to accept it with Jody s encouragement.
Johnny Black is paroled.
Black appears and easily convinces Puck to remove the ankle bracelet and rejoin the Family.
Tracks him.
Puck soon discovers  and have relocated.
Karla  Sweeney  and Double D are all suffering.
They name Son.
The next stage is the creation of a coalition of organizations.
Agree. 
However  these include extremist  conservative groups.
Black offers The Anarchist Cookbook.
They pledge to offer various arms and explosives  and plans a joint mission to attack a local university.
Puck attempts to leave the organization  but is.
He commits to remaining  so as to watch over Double D.
Whom he feels responsible.
This situation eventually ends.
When Double D overdoses.
Puck finally resolves to escape and prevent the mission  and convinces a sober Sweeney and Johnny Red to help.
Together  they devise a plan to intoxicate the extremist group members.
The surviving members split up.
The entire organization is unconscious.
Alone  Puck decides.
So decides to report the organization and cooperate fully.
Which he receives a reward.
Immediately afterward  Puck considers his options and realizing  decides to take Jody s advice and return.
He now has the money and time to commit.
Alone  he begins to hitchhike to join Jody.
She interns.
Receiving a ride  Puck is asked and chosen name together  Peter Puck.
What his name is  and after some internal thinking  decides to accept his legal name.
The final monologue meditates over his new perspective on life and his personal philosophy  and renounces the concept of freedom without responsibility.
Contrasts. 
<EOS>
Laurel and Hardy make plans to spend a wild night out at the Rainbow Club.
Phoning Stan  Ollie suggests a ruse.
Which Stan is to convince his wife  who keeps him  that he has been called away on business.
Stan readily agrees.
His wife is so dumb she ll never know the difference.
Mrs Laurel  eavesdropping  is furious  but continues listening.
Stan tells Ollie that he knows where he can get some liquor.
His plan is to steal the bottle  and later blame the loss.
His wife has hidden.
Mrs Laurel immediately launches a scheme  she replaces the alcohol with a non-alcoholic mixture.
Stan and Ollie proceed to get drunk  having a wonderful time.
That is.
An angry Mrs Laurel turns up armed  reveals that their liquor is merely cold tea  chases them into the street  and demolishes their cab with one well-aimed shot.
<EOS>
Caroline and Eli MacCleary are stranded.
Driving on their honeymoon.
When their car is stuck.
Eli is forced to walk several miles down the road they stopped at earlier to get a tow.
Caroline is attacked and raped.
He is gone.
Seventeen years later  their son Michael has become gravely ill.
The doctors have no idea.
What is causing the sickness.
That a pituitary gland has gone out.
Theorizing  Eli and Caroline finally confront the past and return.
The sickness might be genetic.
Where she was attacked to hopefully discover some information.
The local townspeople are reluctant to help  brushing aside their questions.
But then Eli and Caroline hear a story.
Who was murdered 17 years earlier.
His house almost burned down.
Meanwhile Michael has escaped and returned to the same town  unbeknownst to his parents.
His personality undergoes a frightening transformation.
He quickly begins to attack and kill specific people.
Of whom were related.
Including the discovery of a swamp filled with bodies  Caroline and Eli finally discover the terrible truth about the creature.
Whose bones show signs.
Attacked her those many years ago.
And  it appears.
What s worse.
The creature is about to be reborn.
Its murderous actions are the direct consequence.
<EOS>
A desperate pregnant girl agrees.
She is taken.
Where unbeknown there are plans to feed her unborn child to an aswang.
<EOS>
The Gunlock Town Sheriff is planning to hang Sam Hall.
Betting odds are 8 to.
He wo nt make it.
The cattlemen are set to rescue Sam  the farmers hope to lynch him.
He can be rescued.
Hall schemes.
But Sheriff Jorden is most concerned.
Who hired Hall.
<EOS>
Mass is an orphan.
Who bonds well Adi.
He is behind a collegian Anjali.
Who happens to be the daughter.
This restricts her.
It would land him.
She finally gives in.
She suggests.
He ties the knot immediately before her brother and father try separating them.
The gangsters kill Mass s best friend Adi   before their marriage.
When he tries to stop them when they try separating the lead pair.
The hero moves and stays in an apartment hiding his identity to take revenge on the mafia dons.
Finally his quest is complete.
Also he eliminates the anti-social elements by killing them.
<EOS>
He hired.
He complains.
Jimmy and Henderson are not working out very well.
Warren s father tells him.
He did nt do much better.
Warren remembers.
Closely Harry worked  and stressed to him the importance of prospects.
His father asks.
He has done that.
Warren responds.
He was too busy.
His father tells him.
Harry was nt too busy to help him out.
Warren thought.
Harry helped him with his father.
His father says.
Harry helped everyone who came to work.
Warren s father swats.
Talking. 
These insects are not visible.
The father responds by taking a handkerchief from his pocket and draping it over his head.
Warren realizes.
He has nt done a very good job  and that for them to improve he will have to work closely with his staff.
He begins working much more closely -- Jimmy in particular.
He had been.
Warren passes.
Soon finds.
His men are doing much better selling cars.
<EOS>
Kiranjit Ahluwalia  a Punjabi woman  marries Deepak Ahluwalia and moves to Southall  UK with him to be closer to his family.
Initially he seems caring and affectionate but soon enough the true colours of her husband begin to show.
Deepak gradually reveals a darker  threatening  and even sociopathic side.
Kiranjit  unable to bear the brutality and repeated rapes at the hands of her husband any longer  sets fire to his feet  unintentionally killing him.
He is sleeping.
Charged  her case comes to the notice of a group of South Asian social workers running an under funded organization called the Southall Black Sisters.
Kiranjit is sentenced with possibility of parole in 12 years.
She befriends her cellmate  a Caucasian woman named Veronica Scott.
Who teaches her English.
Veronica is also friends and stands up for Kiranjit against the local prison bully.
Veronica enlists her brother  Edward Foster QC  a highly respected Queen s Counsel.
Edward   realizes Kiranjit s importance to his sister and the importance of her case.
His sister s request has additional meaning given.
Veronica would not let him help her.
The Southall Black Sisters bring her plight to the attention of the media by organizing rallies to gather public support for her freedom.
She is ultimately freed called R v Ahluwalia  redefining provocation in cases of battered women in the UK.
Kiranjit is reunited and subsequently given an award by Cherie Blair  for her crusade against domestic violence.
She leads a happy life with her children in UK.
<EOS>
Babysitter Jeannie is instructed to look.
Joan goes out.
However  Jeannie pays more attention.
They see a baby crawling out of its pram.
Any attempt to return the baby.
Where it came.
The baby crawls.
Tom  thinking  is carrying Spike  and is promptly attacked.
He has got the baby.
This time  Tom angrily brings the baby back.
Who hits Tom.
Tom has taken the baby.
Realising  Tom does nothing the next time.
The baby is no longer.
It crawls.
However  he and Jerry are forced to react.
The baby crawls out.
The baby crawls.
The cat and mouse can only look on.
Jerry manages to catch up  and saves the baby  by grabbing falls.
He is then caught.
Tom attempts to put the baby s diaper  ends up putting the diaper on himself.
The baby crawls off  nonchalantly.
Tom and Jerry catch up  only to lose it again.
Fearing but instead playing.
It has crawled straight in  only to find that the baby never did enter the mixer.
The baby then playfully bonks Tom.
Later on  Jeannie is  crying  telling a police officer  took her eye off the baby for one teensy minute.
She was babysitting.
The baby was gone.
She then sees the baby saying  There s the baby.
Tired  Tom and Jerry arrive  Jeannie grabs the baby.
The two try to escape.
A policeman arrests them  assuming.
They were babynappers.
The police officer is nt taking Tom and Jerry s explanation.
The baby crawls off  both of them are right.
They are surprised.
<EOS>
It s the last day.
All are crazy with hormones and eager to go home.
The Nerd break off.
Walk with ditzy hippie camp counselor Michelle Farmer  Four students  Mitch The Self-Proclaimed ` Stud   his girlfriend Annie  fat kid Henry  and Danny.
They take refuge  only to be caught in the act by Michelle some time later.
Unfortunately   Henry s flatulence causes a landslide  trapping the five inside.
Being shooed out.
To pass the time  the group decides to share the stories of the first time  Mitch shares his experience first   he s picked up by Lucy  an elegant prostitute.
They each lost their virginity.
Hitchhiking one day.
Who invites him to come visit her.
Feeling nervous and inexperienced  he invites his ultra-cool yet dim-witted friend Jeff to give him pointers.
However   Jeff tries to seduce Lucy  almost injuring her.
Meeting Lucy.
Lucy repays him.
When Mitch saves her and kicks Jeff out.
Henry is forced to tell his story next.
He decides to dress as ghost  unfortunately  in addition to not being able to see out of the eye-holes  the costume looks identical to a Klan robe.
Blinded  he accidentally stumbles about to kill a young white woman.
The thugs turn their attention  beat  and then run off.
Him senseless.
The girl  convinced  instantly falls.
Henry has just saved her life.
The two make passionate love later that night.
Meanwhile  the camp s staff   start to desperately search for the missing campers.
She discusses her first time  back.
When she was working.
One night  she discovered an attractive drifter.
Who had broken.
Overwhelmed  she ends up giving him a lot more than cookies in the back of the barn  much to the dismay of the sheep.
Danny goes next  his flashback reveals.
He was a pornography-addicted loser.
He thinks.
Visiting the beach one day.
He sees Playmate Sheila Kennedy smiling and winking  but quickly dismisses it as a mirage.
Later that night   Danny returns to his room to find Kennedy waiting for him.
They re later joined.
The two engage.
They all participate.
Finally  Miss Farmer tells her story  back  she was deeply in love with her psychotic nerd boyfriend Dwayne.
However   she manages to suck up her pride and pick up two new boyfriends.
When Dwayne dumps her at the junior prom.
The three proceed to have sex on a bowling alley lane.
The gang becomes convinced.
More time passes and oxygen diminishes.
They will all asphyxiate.
Everyone admits  they re all still virgins.
Their stories were false.
Determined not to die as such  they all participate.
The symphony causes another landslide  thus opening the entrance of the cave and freeing everyone.
A narrator reveals the character s futures  Danny became a pornographic actor.
The group returns.
Mitch became a priest and a staunch advocator.
Henry now works.
Annie had a nervous breakdown and became a vegetable.
Miss Farmer runs the government s program.
<EOS>
Muthiah and his wife Visalakshi are a loving couple.
They come.
Who  takes refuge in Muthiah s house.
Muthiah and Saroji develop soft corner.
The rest is.
What transpires  exploring the nuances of an extra-marital affair.
<EOS>
The Romulan military offers.
The Imperial Senate plans to join forces and invade the Federation.
The Praetor refuses to cooperate.
A green thalaron radiation mist is released.
Everyone is killed.
Meanwhile  the crew prepares to bid farewell to longtime first officer Commander William Riker and Counselor Deanna Troi.
Who are soon to be married.
En route  they discover a positronic energy reading.
Captain Jean-Luc Picard  Lieutenant Commander Worf  and Lieutenant Commander Data land and discover the remnants of an android resembling Data.
It reveals.
When the android is reassembled.
Its name is.
The crew deduce it to be a less-advanced earlier version.
Vice Admiral Kathryn Janeway orders the crew to conduct a diplomatic mission.
Janeway informs Picard.
To bring freedom.
This is a surprising development.
The Romulans had regarded Remans.
The crew learns  however  he and the project were abandoned.
Shinzon is actually a clone.
A political change left him cast away to Remus as a slave.
It is there.
He meets his Reman brethren and effects his rise.
It was also.
Where Shinzon constructed his flagship  a heavily armed warship named Scimitar.
The crew discovers  several unauthorized computer accesses take place.
The diplomatic mission seems to go smoothly.
The Scimitar is emitting low levels.
Counselor Troi is mentally attacked.
She is making love.
Picard is captured and is informed  and thus needs Picard s blood to live.
He is slowly dying.
Shinzon also transports B-4  revealing.
Shinzon was in order to lure Picard to Romulus.
However  B-4 reveals himself to actually be Data -- he rescues Picard.
They make their escape back.
Realizing  Data deduces.
The Scimitar is a weaponized thalaron emitter to destroy all life forms in a fleet of ships as well as an entire planet.
Shinzon is using the warship to conquer the Federation and destroy Earth.
The Enterprise races back  but is soon ambushed by the Scimitar  disabling the Enterprise s warp drive in the process in her first volley of torpedoes.
The Enterprise is outmatched.
Two Romulan Warbirds arrive and assist.
Shinzon destroys one Warbird and disables the other.
Refocusing his attention  Shinzon damages the Enterprise to a significant degree.
Refusing to surrender  Picard uses his heavily damaged ship to ram the Scimitar  but only succeeds.
Picard even tries to initiate the Enterprise s self-destruct sequence  but finds it disabled.
Meanwhile  Shinzon initializes the Scimitars thalaron weapon to take the Enterprise down with him.
Picard boards the vessel alone and faces Shinzon.
Unable to stop the weapon  Picard kills Shinzon by impaling him through the abdomen with part of a metallic support strut.
Data arrives  using it to quickly beam the Captain back to the Enterprise before sacrificing himself to destroy the ship  shutting down the weapon in the process.
Picard bids farewell to newly promoted Captain Riker  to begin a true peace negotiation mission.
The severely damaged Enterprise is.
Who is off to command the USS Titan.
Picard then meets.
He learns that Data had succeeded.
<EOS>
San Francisco police officers John and Wong arrest two men raping a girl named Sylvia  utilizing their knowledge to take down the assailants.
Sylvia refuses to press charges claiming.
She knew the men and that the altercation was all  in clear contradiction of what had truly taken place.
The rapists kidnap John in broad daylight and take him to the beach.
Where he is beaten.
Wong manages to come  killing one of them.
He is kicked out of the force by his superior Captain Newman and soon imprisoned.
John still keeps with his old friend.
Wong takes a job as a waiter.
He meets Chuck Slaughter  a criminal mastermind.
Waiting tables.
Slaughter offers Wong a job.
Wong refuses.
As Slaughter threatens to have him killed.
John witnesses some men running away one morning.
Robbers. 
John is chasing some bank.
He s pursues the robbers  but there are too many.
One pulls a gun.
John runs but is caught.
Where the robbers kill him.
The next morning accuses Mr and Mrs Chu.
When the police find his body the captain  Newman.
Newman has the Chu.
S arrested and locked up despite Mr Chu s claims.
He had nothing to do and did nt even see the men killing John in his backyard.
Wong becomes involved.
He wants to avenge John s death and free the Chus.
He begins shaking down Chinese criminals looking.
They lead him.
Newman   inteded to frame the Chu s.
Who was working.
Wong fights Newman and kills him.
He attempts to warn Chu s defending lawyer.
The boss has already murdered the lawyer.
Wong is confronted on the street  and fights them all off  eventually confronting Slaughter himself.
Wong defeats Slaughter  and almost kills him.
When the police burst.
The new police captain stops Wong  informing him.
He knows the whole story.
Wong is reinstated  but refuses to carry.
A pistol saying has no need.
<EOS>
The film starts  a military pilot intentionally switching off his transponder signal is intruding into the airspace of civilian flights  causing an air collision.
Nick is controlling.
He wakes up terrified and his wife.
Betsy advises him to see a doctor  and to find a less stressful job.
Nick  an LA Air Traffic Controller   feels trapped in his job.
The stress is affecting his mental and physical health.
He is driven to prove himself.
His nightmare turns real.
He experiences the an accident similar.
The civilian flight passengers are all dead.
The military pilot has bailed out  survived  and is lying.
Nick s career is in danger.
He smokes and drinks coffee incessantly  and begins to take pills to calm his nerves.
There follows a confrontation.
Who is trying to frame him believing the accident was the Air Traffic Control s mistake but Nick replies back that it is because this employee was a previously rejected Controller of the service that he tries to retaliate picking on him.
The stress continues.
A young Controller  Donovan  is posted after some service in Chicago.
He will be his instructor.
The two generations clash each other strongly.
The young is more relaxed and not conscious.
He may face while the older and experienced knows that any moment can produce a situation that pushes adrenaline.
There is also a young lady cadet controller  she nearly arrives to produce a collision saved last minute.
Is not fit.
Who grabbed the microphone himself to save the situation while his face reflects his tremendous anxiety.
The climax arrives with the psychologist Dr Denver.
There is fear.
His presence increases.
The stress knows that if detected to be mentally unstable he will lose his job.
Nick explains.
Even rules have to bend to allow traffic to keep.
The accumulated anxiety will push his wife to abandon their home.
The hearing day approaches.
Became insane after a cab driver killed his child is searched and while trying to escape armed in a bus.
The Controllers will have to continue without radar using their memory and information on paper strips alone.
He works together with Donovan.
Who does handle the case successfully supported.
Nick is then informed.
Betsy is already in the air at this moment that experiences an engine failure and has to land immediately.
Nick trusts Donovan on the controlling position.
He rushes himself.
The bus blocks the runway.
Nick gets neutralizing him and drives the bus away clearing the runway.
The landing plane is missing it.
Betsy returns after escaping the danger and at this moment  therefore Nick is ` off the hook.
The administration employee comes and tells him that the pilot was blamed for switching off his device.
Nick then turns.
Crisis at Fabianforte.
<EOS>
Several plot elements bring the characters together  Tarzan s friend DArnot has crash landed in the region and is in the hands of a lost tribe of jungle natives.
Major Martling is leading an expedition to find the fabled artefact.
Ula Vale s fiance died.
To rescue the artefact and so she starts one of her own in his honour.
Raglan has been sent to steal the valuable idol for himself - in addition to containing the explosives formula  it also holds a fortune in jewels.
Tarzan  Ula and Major Martling find the idol and rescue DArnot.
Worship it.
However  Raglan escapes and heads through the jungle for the coast.
Tarzan and the others pursue him  encountering many perils  including recapture by the natives.
Whom the idol belonged.
The adventures end out.
Where   they are able to permanently secure the idol while Raglan is killed by another of Powers  agents because of his failures.
The murderer perishes.
When the ship sinks.
Returning with Tarzan  Ula consigns the explosives formula to fire in the final episode.
Where she and Tarzan also recount several adventures to an assembled party of friends and colleagues.
<EOS>
They see.
<EOS>
Private detective and former Drug Enforcement agent Parrish is hired to be a bodyguard to 8-year-old Kimberly Howard.
Who currently serves the key role James and Glenna.
James fears.
Reena will run off  considering that she is losing the battle  is refusing alimony and is advised by the judge to seek psychiatric help.
James is awarded temporary custody  and hires Parrish during his work hours.
Parrish does not feel comfortable.
Kimberly immediately shows her lack.
Glenna  meanwhile  is heartbroken  and tells her lawyer.
She hates how James can abuse Kimberly now.
Her lawyer feels sorry and puts her in contact with former reporter Nettie Forbes.
Who has spent a year for attempting to murder the man who had abused and killed her daughter.
Nettie specializes in helping mothers to kidnap their children from their abusive husbands.
She offers Glenna a new identity.
Meanwhile  Parrish grows closer and even tells her about her love of her life  a former colleague.
Who was shot and killed.
Their conversation is interrupted.
Who have Parrish and take Kimberly.
Parrish is criticized for having failed her job.
They head out and come up with a new name.
James insists.
She is not safe.
Parrish s partner Sgt.
Jake Morris - Parrish has had a romantic past - arrests Nettie.
She does not talk.
Nettie is released  enabling the police to follow her every move.
Nellie  however  gets rid.
Parrish locates them and begins a dangerous car chase.
Nettie and Glenna prepare to leave.
Glenna finally gives up and gets out the car to stop Parrish.
Nellie drives off.
Nellie puts Kimberly to stay.
Kimberly does not feel safe and cries out.
Back  Parrish looks into the rape allegations against James.
Parrish finds out.
Kimberly brought up the abuse claims herself  and that Glenna s so-called mental illness is nothing more.
Parrish slowly starts to believe the lawyer  and offers to help Nettie to reconcile Glenna.
Though there is no hard prove.
Nettie wants to help Kimberly break out.
This is no option.
Who does not want to jeopardize her career.
Meanwhile  the FBI locates Kimberly posted letters.
Parrish tries to help her out.
The FBI can get.
The police are able to take Kimberly.
As soon  Parrish offers her babysitting services to continue the battle to help Glenna.
She is reconciled.
Charges are dropped on condition.
She leaves the state.
Nettie is thereby released as well.
Following a confession about the child abuse from Kimberly herself  Parrish arranges for Glenna to leave the state with Kimberly.
To assure herself  Nettie shows up and fakes to have cuffed her  before having kidnapped Kimberly.
Believing  James threatens to sue Parrish.
She was part.
She assures him.
She will tell everyone if he does.
<EOS>
Cheech Marin and Tommy Chong play versions.
The promoter goes for help and the duo volunteers to give a live performance.
When Reynolds and Parton do not show up.
They do versions of many of their recorded characters and several new skits.
The second half features their live performance  climaxing with a version of their infamous Ralph And Herbie routine.
<EOS>
Yosemite Sam is.
A shipwrecked mariner is stranded.
Crossing  however  is always difficult.
Called Dopey Dick.
He has been on this island.
Sam finally grows sick.
Suddenly he hears Bugs Bunny.
Sam calls out.
Who starts paddling.
A high tide causes Bugs to fall.
Sam tosses him.
As Bugs celebrates being.
However  Bugs douses the flame from the pot.
Sam then has to go back.
The shark nearly gets Sam to the ship.
Sam distracts the shark  goes back to the ship with one match and gets back to land.
However  Bugs is not.
The shark jumps out and starts eating Sam.
When he checks the pot.
Sam manages to whack the shark - soon whacking himself.
When the shark jumps off.
Bugs is.
Sam is determined to catch him.
First  Sam tries to ride to the ship  but is almost swallowed by the shark.
Next  Sam decides to outsmart both Bugs and the shark.
Bugs opens a hatch.
When Sam floats down.
Sam floats  with the shark waiting for him.
Sam then manages to beat the shark back again.
Sam catches Bugs again and throws him  lighting the fire again.
However  Bugs tries to point out.
A tidal wave is heading.
The tidal wave sweeps  leaving Bugs safe in his pot.
Sam can do anything.
The island gone.
Sam  now being chased  swims to the pot  yelling for Bugs to pull him in.
Bugs uses a pike pole to start pulling Sam  but then tells Sam.
He ll only keep him up.
They make a deal.
.
The deal is.
Bugs will keep Sam to keep Sam above water  while Sam paddles.
Sam looks back and sees the shark and starts paddling faster  eventually going in the direction of San Francisco.
Is only 2736 miles away.
<EOS>
Filming Othello begins.
He directly addresses the camera and announces  This is to be a conversation  certainly not anything so formal.
Is Othello  Shakespeare s play and the film.
What we re going to talk about.
I made.
Welles initially conducts a monologue.
Where he recalls the events that lead up.
He switches.
The film progresses.
The three men talk about the making of Othello.
Welles then resumes his monologue.
He then runs footage.
He conducted in Boston.
Welles concludes the film  proclaiming  There are too many  there are too many things.
Regrets. 
I wish I could have done over again.
Talking would have been nothing but delight.
It was nt a memory  if it was a project.
Promises are more fun than explanations.
I wish.
I was nt looking back.
Looking forward.
That Othello would be one hell.
Goodnight.
Filming Othello.
<EOS>
A weakened French garrison anticipates a last assault by communist Viet Minh troops.
The garrison commander  Basque Lt.
Col.
Pierre-Noel Raspeguy  has called central headquarters.
Headquarters sends only a single plane load  under the command of Major De Clairefons.
The paratroopers are slaughtered.
They land.
Major De Clairefons is killed.
When his parachute drags him.
Raspeguy is enraged.
General Melies sent only one plane  and further believes that Melies intends to make Raspeguy responsible.
The Viet Minh overrun the French.
Are military historian Captain Phillipe Esclavier  Indochina born Captain Boisfeures  surgeon Captain Dia and Lt Ben Mahidi  an Algerian-born paratrooper.
Who turns down a Viet Minh leader s offer.
He is an Arab.
Raspeguy s leadership keeps the men together.
Raspeguy leads his men.
When released.
They see.
Ben Mahidi is disgusted at the treatment of his people.
When his teenaged brother is machine gunned for spraying graffiti in support of independence from France.
He deserts.
Colonel Raspeguy starts a relationship.
Who died while trying to reinforce Raspeguy s garrison.
The Countess  military contacts result.
The General briefs him   Raspeguy s career is finished.
The command is his last chance.
His Regiment fails.
Raspeguy recruits his comrades and trains his battalion with unorthodox methods such as using live ammunition on an assault course to encourage speed and initiative.
Esclavier falls in love with Mahidi s sister Aicha and uses her friendship with Esclavier to smuggle explosive detonators.
Who is loyal.
The previously naive Esclavier begins to have a new view.
The FLN rebels and French parachutists try to outdo each other.
<EOS>
Five boys went to Mount Waryong to catch frogs but never returned.
Eleven years later  police discover the bodies.
Television producer Kang Ji-Seung tries to solve the mystery.
<EOS>
It is.
Portugal is feeling the aftereffects by socialist forces in its 5 October 1910 revolution.
Churches are boarded up.
Many priests  monks and friars are shown being fingerprinted  photographed and registered.
The rural town is small enough to have escaped much of this persecution  their church remains open.
Most are reasonably devout.
Watching their flocks and playing on May 15  Lucia dos Santos and her cousins Jacinta Marto and Francisco Marto decide to pray their version of the Rosary by yelling out  Hail Mary.
They hear a clap of thunder and see a flash of lightning.
Thinking  the children gather their sheep and head.
It is about to rain.
Another flash causes them to run straight into an unusual cloud of light surrounding a little tree.
Which a lady stands.
Speaking slowly and gently  the lady asks them to return and to offer their sufferings to God for the salvation of sinners.
She entreats them to say the Rosary.
Later  they encounter their agnostic friend.
Hugo who tells them it is best not to reveal the vision.
Jacinta immediately divulges her sightings.
Jacinta and Francisco s parents believe the story.
Lucia s mother reacts and subjects her daughter to emotional and physical abuse.
She forbids Lucia to return.
Lucia does so anyway  and is told then.
Her cousins will die and go soon.
She will live a long life.
The parish priest suggests.
The visions might be.
The local authorities close the Fatima church.
The priest can convince the parishioners that no visions have or will happen.
The next month   the lady appears again  predicting.
Another and worse war will happen if the world does nt stop sinning.
She also predicts.
Evil will come if that country is unconverted.
Kidnapped  the children are threatened with death.
They do nt change their story.
Trying to frighten them  he has first Jacinta  then Francisco dragged.
Jacinta s terrified screams convince Lucia.
Her cousins are dead.
She refuses to deny.
What she s seen.
Warning her  Santos reunites her.
She s about to experience the full treatment.
Who are very much alive.
There they find Hugo.
Who stands as they convince all the prisoners to join in the Rosary.
Unable to find any prosecutable evidence  Arturo frees the children.
Who find that the entire population has been standing outside waiting for them.
About forty thousand people arrive  waiting through a torrential downpour.
When the lady promised a sign that will make them believe.
The clouds part and the sun shines brightly upon all the people -- then the sun shifts through a rainbow of colors and appears to drop toward the ground.
What many have described.
Many people panic  some pray or watch calmly  and a few disabled people are healed.
We see Hugo standing still on.
The sun returns.
Removing it  he says.
Only the fool sayeth there is no God.
A short epilogue shows the huge basilica.
Where the tree once stood.
It is.
They are.
Lucia is a nun praying before the tomb  with the converted Hugo at her side.
Where her cousins are buried.
<EOS>
A shy and timid man buys a plant.
Who lives.
He thinks talked.
His loneliness is very apparent.
He tries to turn the plant.
Well  the plant is carnivorous and can talk.
Henry  the protagonist  now has two joys.
One is being a voyeur.
The other is his new plant friend.
Soon he discovers.
The plant likes bugs.
Eventually the plant wants to try a delicious woman.
Henry has hanging in his room.
One day  Henry s mother breaks and all she can find are Henry and the plant.
But soon the plant eats her and discovers.
Women are really tasty.
The plant discovers.
When detective OColumbus shows up.
She does not like eating men  just women.
Eventually the plant experiences urges.
Henry finds a male specimen.
The male eats men.
The female eats women.
One woman is willing to end Henry s life but accidentally gets eaten.
Henry is broken and tries to kill himself.
The plants get passionate.
Henry is too clumsy to succeed and changes his mind.
When he sees all.
<EOS>
Harry Lambert is a New England lumber company executive.
Whose life has grown stale in an election for town mayor.
His daughter Kate is to anybody  his son-in-law Charlie is a freeloader.
His wife Edith is getting up there.
But is.
What Harry does nt know.
Edith  bothered  is persuaded by her friend Grace to go see a doctor.
Edith learns.
She is pregnant.
Harry does nt want to be a dad again.
He also complains.
After he and Charlie insult the mayor and subsequently lose a contract to supply the lumber.
Harry is genuinely taken aback.
When Edith announces that she is leaving him to move and have the baby by herself.
Harry pursues her to bring Edith back.
Charlie finally comes through by winning back the stadium contract.
<EOS>
School principal Ozawa Gozo rapes his daughter  Mitsuko.
She sees her parents having sex.
Her mother Sayuri witnesses the rape.
Gozo now rapes both  such is the erotic novel wheel-bound novelist.
He pleases  while his family is undermined.
Taeko sets on to write.
She is assisted.
Who is actually.
But the reality and truth creates.
Might be too much to bear.
<EOS>
Hurricane Julia  a Category 4 hurricane  strikes the Gulf  making a direct hit on New Orleans  Louisiana  killing thousands of people and causing severe damage.
Large numbers  and a major pipeline and the primary nerve center of the Gulf Coast petroleum industry at Port Fourchon  Louisiana are destroyed.
It shows.
The effects could have significant consequences throughout the United States  even in areas far removed from landfall.
The greater impact is.
The loss is staggering.
Oil prices skyrocket from $ 55 to $ 77 per barrel.
The United States government is forced to take immediate action to rebuild the Gulf s energy infrastructure.
The government starts to rebuild the infrastructure and repair or replace damaged offshore rigs.
The storm passes.
Also  shipping is rerouted  Houston s port facilities are open around-the-clock with higher-than-usual throughput  with attendant higher risk of accident.
Normally goes.
.
S.
Persuades Saudi Arabia to increase its oil production.
The Saudi decision to aid America causes a backlash.
Local terrorists stage an attack.
Kills about 300 Americans associated.
This attack leads the U.
S.
To send troops.
The oil crisis escalates.
When two large tankers collide  shutting down the Channel.
Gas lines take a back seat  with thousands dying in the cold.
Winter sets in.
Some good news comes.
The Houston Ship Channel is reopened  but.
S.
Soldiers is the eldest son.
Who were protecting the Saudi oil infrastructure.
Oil prices reach $.
Gas prices top $ 8 per gallon.
Meanwhile   farm spending is cut dramatically  leading to a subplot.
Which the social and political effects are explored.
A well-renowned agricultural leader organizes a 750000-farmer march  leading to clashes with police and the leader being taken into custody.
S.
Makes a deal to send -LCB- -LCB- convert -RCB- -RCB- of oil by tanker  but the oil companies involved subsequently make a deal with China  the U.
Equally hungry outbids.
S.
This leaves America  as well leading to soul-searching on.
Whether China has now become the world s economic superpower.
The country considers fast-tracking development.
There is little.
Can be done to alter an economy structurally dependent on cheap foreign oil.
Later  the U.
S.
Government  showing unexpected diplomatic skill  resurrects the Russian oil deal.
The crisis finally eases a year.
Oil prices drop at the height of the crisis to $ 73 per barrel.
Gas prices nearing the $ 4 and dropping.
However  the country has been as the Stock Market Crash of.
Now knowing  Americans will never take cheap oil.
Relying for most of its foreign oil imports makes the United States vulnerable.
<EOS>
The film focuses.
S.
War. 
<EOS>
The film begins.
King Carol I  the founder of modern Romania  is living a quiet life at the Peles Castle.
He has.
The King faces the pains.
These do not compare.
Carol I is  his family roots dictate.
He should enter World War I.
Public opinion calls to remain neutral.
The king plays his last card.
He tries to persuade the representatives to enter the war alongside the Central Powers.
<EOS>
Set  against a seamy backdrop of police corruption  cheap hotel rooms  illegal gambling and jewel trafficking  private detective Philip Marlowe is holed up in a hotel room and growing more weary by the hour.
That s it.
He explains  I ve got a hat  a coat and a gun.
Marlowe has been hired.
Whom he has nt seen.
Marlowe is investigating the murder of a client.
Who was a victim and a stolen necklace made of jade.
Marlowe develops an attraction.
Encountering connections.
Marlowe survives numerous attempts.
The body count mounts.
Include being drugged and held captive.
The action comes.
A.
Coast. 
<EOS>
Housewife Christine M.
Tries to shoplift some merchandise but is caught.
Christine and two other customers  waitress Annie and secretary Anna  beat the man.
They are tried and deny the plea of insanity.
The male prosecutor and judges assume they should plead.
The criminal psychiatrist assigned to ascertain their level identifies with the women s motives and concludes by the strain of living in a patriarchy.
They are not insane but have been driven.
<EOS>
Set amidst Marseille s immigrant suburbs  a devastating chain unfolds.
When 14-year-old Turk  Bora  hurls a Molotov cocktail.
The occupant is an emergency doctor.
Who has been called out to attend.
Regretful  the teenager rescues the injured doctor.
Who ends up.
The saga continues.
An arsonist saves his victim Montreal Gazette.
<EOS>
Don Lockwood is a popular silent film star.
Don barely tolerates his vapid  shallow leading lady  Lina Lamont.
Their studio  Monumental Pictures  links them romantically to increase their popularity.
Lina herself is convinced.
They are  despite Don s protestations otherwise.
One day  to escape  Don jumps into a passing car driven by Kathy Selden.
She drops him off  but not.
Later.
F.
Simpson  shows a short demonstration pays homage to the original 1921 DeForest Phonofilm demonstration  featuring DeForest himself explaining the system.
But his guests are unimpressed.
She pops out of a mock cake right in front of him as part of the entertainment  Kathy  it turns out  is a chorus girl.
Furious  she throws a real cake at him  only to hit Lina right in the face.
Later   Don makes up with Kathy.
He finds her working.
They begin to fall.
1927 s The Jazz Singer  R.
A rival studio has an enormous hit.
F.
Decides. 
To convert the new Lockwood and Lamont film  The Dueling Cavalier.
The production is beset.
By far  the worst problem is Lina s grating voice.
An exasperated diction coach tried to teach her  but.
To speak properly.
A test screening is a disaster.
Don repeats the line.
I love you to Lina over and over.
This is a reference by John Gilbert in his first talkie.
Then  the sound goes out of synchronization  with hilarious results.
Don s best friend  Cosmo Brown  comes up.
They persuade R.
F.
To turn The Dueling Cavalier called The Dancing Cavalier  complete with a modern musical number called Broadway Melody.
She is infuriated and does everything possible to sabotage the romance.
When Lina finds out.
She becomes even angrier.
When she discovers that R.
F.
Intends to give Kathy a screen credit and a big publicity promotion.
Lina   threatens to sue R.
F.
He cancels Kathy s buildup and orders her to continue working.
R.
F.
Reluctantly agrees.
The premiere is a tremendous success.
When the audience clamors to sing live  Don  Cosmo  and R.
F.
Improvise and get her into the microphone.
Kathy  hidden  sings into a second one.
Lina is singing  Don  Cosmo and R.
F.
Gleefully raise the curtain.
The sham becomes obvious.
When Cosmo replaces Kathy.
Lina flees.
Kathy tries to run away as well.
Don introduces the audience.
The final shot shows Kathy and Don kissing  Singin  in the Rain.
<EOS>
Melinda Uy is a billionaire widow.
Whose life is a rags-to-riches story.
The daughter  Melinda had been a victim of discrimination in the local Chinese community  being only.
Melinda was only.
When she got married.
But Alfonso s parents frown  believing.
It is cursed.
Disappointed  they disinherit him.
The couple strike out  starting a small business from scratch.
They raise a family.
But   a string hounds the marriage.
Alfonso s parents predicted.
The business enjoys only a brief period.
They put up.
It goes bankrupt.
And  fire breaks out  wiping out everything.
When they are slowly recovering.
They own.
But the worst is yet to come.
The couple already have four children  namely Carol  the eldest  followed by Stephanie  Audrey and Walden.
But the kids would not enjoy the company for long.
Unexpectedly  Alfonso dies.
A widow along with her children is compelled to live with her.
Who maltreat her.
One day  Melinda  along Carol  returns to the house of her in-laws from a visit to her mother.
Melinda is shocked to find out.
She is no longer welcome.
She is driven away.
Little Stephanie  Audrey and Walden are left behind.
Melinda s efforts to take custody come to naught.
Her in-laws manage to hide the children.
Melinda goes.
But Melinda s determination is no match.
Melinda vows to someday take back her children.
She channels her efforts to succeed financially.
Continually monitoring the condition from afar.
Growing up away  Stephanie learns to hate Melinda  thanks to the constant brainwashing of aunt Olive.
Who finds pleasure.
Melinda experiences a good turn.
Follow. 
She becomes one.
The fortunes of her once powerful in-laws are on the decline.
But Stephanie  now a young adult  is about to get married handsome Daniel Chan.
Who s already taking.
Melinda is now ready to revive her claim.
Years make.
It seem impossible for her to win back their love.
But the news alarms Melinda  forcing the powerful widow to act  thus putting her on a collision course with Olive and the.
This time  Melinda is determined to succeed.
And this time  events transpire to make Melinda prove.
Much she really loves them.
<EOS>
-LCB- -LCB- Plot | dateIntroductionPart IPart IIPart III The story picks up one year later  the homicidal couple have been imprisoned  and are due to be moved after being declared insane.
Scagnetti arrives and encounters Warden Dwight McClusky.
Whom he plans to murder the two criminals.
McClusky will arrange to be the driver for the Knoxes  transfer.
Alone  Scagnetti will murder them  then claim.
They tried to escape.
Meanwhile  Gale has persuaded Mickey to agree.
Will air immediately.
Mallory is held elsewhere in the prison  awaiting her transport to the mental hospital.
Mickey gives a speech about.
Murder provides enlightenment and declares himself a natural born killer.
His words inspire the other inmates and incite them.
McClusky.
Mickey is left alone.
Using a lengthy joke  Mickey overpowers a guard and grabs his shotgun.
He kills most with it and takes the survivors hostage  leading them through the prison riot.
Gale follows  giving a live television report.
People are beaten and killed.
Scagnetti is to seduce her.
Mallory rebuffs his efforts  smashing his face and breaking his nose.
The guards and Scagnetti subdue her.
Still live  Mickey engages in a Mexican standoff with Scagnetti  eventually feigning a concession.
Mallory then approaches Scagnetti and slashes his throat with a shank.
Mickey tells him.
He was out during the standoff.
Mallory then picks and kills him.
Mickey and Mallory continue to escape  with Gale s entire TV crew getting killed.
Gale himself snaps and begins to shoot.
He has taken.
The trio of Mickey  Mallory  and Gale run into McClusky and a heavily armed posse of guards.
The trio takes cover.
McClusky threatens to storm the shower room  Mickey   threatens to kill both Gale and a guard on live TV.
The prisoners walk out the front door.
McClusky and his guards are quickly massacred.
Mickey and Mallory steal a van and kill the last guard  Owen s fate is unknown.
Escaping  they give a final interview to Gale.
They tell him he must also die.
He attempts various arguments to change their minds  finally appealing  Mickey informs him.
They are leaving a witness to tell the tale - his camera.
Gale accepts his fate and extends his arms.
They shoot him dead while his unattended camera continues to roll.
The couple is shown several years later   with Mickey driving and Mallory watching their two children play.
<EOS>
The film traces the sexual awakening.
Suffering following a childhood surgery  Irish American Theresa finds first love with her older  married university professor.
Left a large scar.
Who ends the affair as her time comes to an end.
The end leaves Theresa feeling used.
She begins daydreaming.
Theresa enters the sexual revolution confused.
She is simultaneously repelled and attracted.
She goes clubbing  picking up men for one-night stands.
She continues to teach  developing a reputation as a gifted and caring teacher to deaf children  at night.
The recreational sexual encounters slowly become an addiction.
Theresa begins pursuing more dangerous men to enhance her high.
She views her one night stands.
An encounter named.
Tony develops.
The two begin regularly meeting  culminating in Tony s introduction of a switchblade knife into their sex play.
Meanwhile  Theresa attempts a welfare case worker named James.
Whom her family holds up.
The relationship quickly falters.
James turns out to be just as shallow and emotionally manipulative.
Theresa ultimately breaks up.
Who then stalks her.
Theresa resolves to leave her clubbing behind and take control of her life.
Seeking one final hookup  Theresa picks up a man named Gary.
Who turns out to be a sexually confused war veteran.
Gary finds.
Himself unnable to attain an erection.
Misreading Theresa s frustration  Gary attacks her and begins beating and raping her.
Do it.
Theresa screams.
Theresa s dead face drifts farther away.
The film ends.
<EOS>
Village-based Gopalnath had always dreamed.
His dreams are fulfilled.
When he agrees to marry plain-looking Roopa  the sole heiress.
Unknown loves fellow-villager  Shyama.
Roopa gives birth to a baby girl  Ranibala.
Gopalnath arranges to have Roopa killed  marries Shyama  and let Ranibala live.
Years later  his past comes to haunt him  Manmohan  unturned to blackmail Gopalnath for the rest of his life.
Who will not leave any stone.
<EOS>
Juni Cortez  no longer an agent  now works as a private detective but gets little profit for his work.
He is contacted and informed.
His sister  Carmen Cortez  is missing.
He is reunited.
Who explain that Carmen was captured.
The Toymaker was imprisoned by the OSS.
He has since created Game Over  a virtual reality-based video game.
He intends.
Juni agrees to venture  save Carmen  and shut down the game.
Takes place.
He finds three beta-testers  Francis  Arnold and Rez.
Who launch him so that they ll have less competition on the way to Level.
Juni receives an opportunity to bring in a fellow ally to assist him  selecting his wheelchair-bound grandfather Valentin.
Who has been looking.
He receives a.
Gives him a robotic suit allowing him to walk.
Juni ventures.
Where he fights a girl.
Order to return.
He meets the beta-testers again.
Who believe he is a player named The Guy  who can supposedly beat Level.
Rez is unconvinced and challenges Juni.
The only apparent rule is Win  at all costs.
Juni wins the race from Valentin.
Demetra joins the group  she and Juni display romantic feelings.
Arnold and Juni are forced to battle each other  the loser getting an immediate game over.
Demetra swaps places and is defeated  seemingly getting a game over  much to Juni s sadness.
The group get.
Where Juni finds Carmen  released  who leads the group on.
Juni follows a map given by Demetra to a lava-filled gorge.
The group surf their way.
Donnagon attempts to prevent them.
This fails.
The real Guy appears and opens the door only to get a game over by an electrical shock.
The other gamers start to think that Carmen and Juni are the deceivers and Rez threatening to give Juni a game.
Demetra appears  claiming to have got back.
Carmen identifies her.
Demetra confirms this and apologizes.
The Toymaker attacks the group.
Juni and the others can return.
However  it is revealed.
Valentin released the Toymaker  the villain s army.
Juni and Carmen summon their family members  Parents Gregorio and Ingrid  Gregorio s brother Machete  their Grandma  and Uncle Felix.
Juni calls out to their extended family  summoning characters from the first two films -LRB- including Fegan Floop and Alexander Minion  Dinky Winks and his son  scientist Romero.
The robots are destroyed.
Valentin confronts Sebastian the Toymaker and reveals all those years.
It was he who put him  but forgives Sebastian the Toymaker for his actions  which is why he was perching on his shoulders.
Sebastian the Toymaker shuts down his robot and joins the rest to celebrate their family leaving the possibility of another sequel.
<EOS>
Michele Apicella is a young mathematics teacher.
Who is called with the overblown name of Marilyn Monroe.
Michele is characterized  he also has a habit of spying on the neighbours of his new house  keeping a file for each of them.
Which he reports their actions and words.
The police inspector becomes curious.
When one is killed.
Later he meets his colleague Bianca.
Whom he falls with.
However  his exceedingly orderly mind and manias prevent him from showing her his true feelings  therefore  their affair starts to suffer.
Michele begins to follow her and discovers.
She may have another lover.
Another sub-plot is devoted to reconcile his friends Ignazio and Maria.
But he fails.
The two are also found killed.
He is rescued.
The police now clearly suspect him.
Who gives Michele a false alibi.
However  Michele s equilibrium is completely crumbling.
He himself confess to the inspector.
He is the murderer.
Michele reveals.
He felt compelled to kill his neighbours and friends because they had disappointed him.
This disturbs his need.
<EOS>
Shiva enters.
Peters college and meets Pooja.
Who was born and brought up and has come to India to stay with her grandparents while completing her college education.
Shiva falls with her but soon realises.
Their characters are totally different.
Pooja feels alone.
She wants to return.
So Shiva thinks to get her to stay.
He expresses his love by creating a fictitious character MR X.
Then Pooja comes to know and accepts his love.
Is Shiva.
<EOS>
Virginia  the 16-year old daughter  is kidnapped by a two men  J.
D.
And Dakota  and Alva Coward  a woman.
Who is her high school economics teacher.
The details are being worked out by J.
D.
And Alva  Virginia is raped and is comforted by the woman.
Whom she has sex.
Virginia also has sex.
She enjoys having sex and helps them escape.
She is ransomed.
<EOS>
Mahesh is a sincere and honest police officer.
He loses his kids.
His wife gets paralyzed.
Who do nt like his sincerity harm his family.
Mahesh changes his appearance and name to join the gang to become one.
The rest is all about.
He makes people realize that there is some fault.
The film was a hit.
<EOS>
The US east coast is suddenly struck.
Scientist and fiction author John McAdams is forced to attend a type  but leaves questions of.
Concludes the phenomenon must be man-made  quite possibly abusing the findings.
Who wants and has the means unanswered.
Indeed John and his colleague Sophie  a Quebecois  soon find.
John set up and are pursued by The FBI  Maine State Police and a pair of foreign ruthless assassins.
Major destruction means major contracts  so building tycoons like Victor Bannister certainly have a considerable interest.
The movie is two part mini-series originally aired.
Sophie  a very successful Quebecois Canadien actress and singer but generally unknown outside of Canada and France  was recently cast as a lead in the American ABC TV series Pan Am.
<EOS>
The film is a romantic comedy.
Takes place during the austerity period of the.
The main character is Alex  a 12-year-old boy.
Who is about to turn 13 and attend his bar mitzvah.
Alex comes.
Whose poverty requires them to share their apartment.
Their tenant is Faruk  a Persian man.
Whose humorous battle is a running bit in the film.
Alex falls in love with Mimi  the new girl in his class.
Everything changes  however.
When his aunt Lola arrives to search for a lost love with whom she once lived but who vanished after the Nazi invasion of Poland.
Alex falls.
She responds.
The film authentically recreates the atmosphere.
<EOS>
A Canadian mother and businesswoman Dinah Middleton s is devastated.
When her teenage son  Alex  is killed.
She turns private detective to track the killer down.
When the police fail to turn up any suspects.
She traces the murderer  only to discover.
The crime is not covered.
She becomes obsessed.
<EOS>
Aamir is set.
The protagonist s family has been kidnapped.
Who want him to carry out a bombing.
The kidnappers try to gain Aamir s sympathy.
Aamir resists saying and will only make things worse.
Such an attack is.
Rajeev Khandelwal is.
Whose performance was appreciated.
<EOS>
Sam Archer and his assistant Milo Jackson are depicted as coaches at the fictitious Merrivale College  their teams invariably lose.
A series sends the pair to Africa.
Where they catch sight.
Seeing this  the coaching staff quickly whip out their recruitment pen and papers  but soon fall Gazenga.
Whose assistant remains.
Nanu  it develops  is an orphan and an innocent child.
Gazenga believes.
Throwing Nanu would interfere with his spiritual development.
The ambitious coaches persuade Nanu to join the Merrivale College program.
Forward  the plot is driven by a combination of slapstick and suspense  for Nanu s destiny.
The World s Greatest Athlete will annoy several powerful people who are used.
Nanu s innocence  Archer s scheming  Jackson s ineptitude  Gazenga s outraged wisdom  and the Machiavellian plotting meet.
All play roles as the movie heads toward the final track.
The atmosphere does indeed threaten Nanu.
He is saved by love interest Jane Douglas.
Jane and Nanu s budding relationship angers rival Leopold Maxwell.
Whose attempts to sabotage the budding star build.
The climactic track meet.
Is peppered by ABC-TV sportscaster Howard Cosell  playing himself.
The movie ends.
Which the hapless coaches are depicted trying to recruit a new athletic phenomenon  this time.
<EOS>
Smain works.
He goes home.
But that bed is.
The city starts to awaken.
To sleep is a dream  to awaken a nightmare.
<EOS>
The film opens.
Which he produces women s clothing and says I m sorry.
I love you so much.
He produces.
A rose which he holds.
The scene shifts and finds itself at a zoo.
Where two tigers pace to Spending My Time by Mario Giacalone.
The tigers turn out to be merely.
Who are being taken by their mother.
It is closed.
<EOS>
They re a world apart.
Aspiring actresses Nozomi and Rana share a Tokyo apartment that s owned.
Nozomi is a soft-spoken country girl.
Who prides herself.
City girl Rana   is more worldly  experienced and jaded.
Who grew up.
Whilst  they learn.
They have auditioned and that there will be a phone call in the morning that will reveal who wins the role.
They decide to stay in.
A conversation turns sour  bringing their hidden resentment to the surface.
Pushes them.
Their apartment phone finally rings.
They lay dying.
It s switched.
When it goes unanswered.
A male voice announces.
They both won the part.
<EOS>
There once reigned the malevolent Queen.
Who ruled Egypt  terrorising the populace and slaughtering her enemies.
Her body was cursed  and buried in a secret location.
An archaeological team uncovers Aneh-Tet s sarcophagus  and accidentally unleashes her evil onto the world.
Is Molly  a young woman.
Who finds herself pitted in the final battle against the forces of darkness.
<EOS>
A studious anthropology student decries his position.
Fails to provide a ceremony to mark his transition.
He guides his stressed party-going classmates.
There they meet his brother.
Who is.
Christian Slater Movies.
2 November.
<EOS>
Fatty and Baldy are a pair.
They later find Lai  a woman  but end up getting themselves into trouble for going into the women s changing room.
Who is associated.
The gang leader  Wing  learns.
One has leaked his secrets so he is beaten up by the gang.
Things go very wrong for Fatty and Baldy.
They end up imitating robbers.
Order to escape.
They steal her car and have a brief chase.
Later that night  Lai calls Fatty and arranges a meeting.
Another fight ensues  followed by a chase of Lai s boss  Prince Tak.
Fatty ends up ruining the English Deputy Commissioner s wedding.
Fatty and Baldy are ordered to leave Hong Kong  so they head.
Things settle down.
However  Lai   is then killed.
Who has turned.
He inadvertently ruins their relationship.
When Fatty is about to have dinner.
So the pair have dinner outside  leading.
Baldy deals is fighting the transsexual assassins.
Fatty s father and Baldy s girlfriend are hospitalised.
Realising  they apprehend Tak s brother.
They will never have peace until Wing is stopped.
The plan goes sour  leading.
The two English henchmen try to take down Baldy.
Fatty uses nunchaku.
Tak fires his gun  he hits the gas cylinders and Baldy and Fatty escape.
<EOS>
The film took the premise but transferred the lost civilization motif from the west to another popular serial locale  the African jungle.
Scientist Bruce Gordon comes after realizing.
A series had been detected in the area.
There he finds Zolok  last  in a secret complex under a mountain.
Zolok had created the natural disasters to his attempt to take over the world  holding a brilliant scientist  Dr Manyus  there hostage with his daughter.
He had also forced.
Manyus to create mindless giant slaves out and as the serial progresses we learn Manyus also turned another tribe  the spider-worshipping Wangas  into white burly haired midgets.
The heroes escape Zolock  encounter the slave trading Queen Rama  and survive many harrowing adventures.
<EOS>
King Stefan and Queen Leah welcome the birth of their daughter  Aurora.
They proclaim a holiday to pay homage to the princess.
She is betrothed to Prince Phillip  the young son of King Hubert.
That the kingdoms will be forever united.
Also attending are the three good fairies  Flora  Fauna  and Merryweather.
Who have come to bless the child.
The first fairy  Flora  gives the princess the gift.
The next fairy  Fauna  gives her the gift.
A wicked fairy named.
Merryweather is able to give her blessing.
Maleficent appears and pretends to be gracious.
The evil fairy then curses the princess  proclaiming.
While she will indeed be beautiful and graceful  before the sun sets  she will prick her finger on the spindle of a spinning wheel and die.
Merryweather is able to use her blessing to weaken the curse.
That  Aurora will fall asleep from which she can be awakened by true love s kiss.
The three fairies know.
King Stefan orders all spinning wheels to be burned.
Maleficent s spell can not be stopped that easily and devise a plan to protect Aurora.
They disguise themselves.
They sneak Aurora away with them to a woodcutter s cottage in the forest.
Her sixteenth birthday passes.
Maleficent rages minions the sheer impossibility of.
The years pass.
The princess has managed to evade her.
Her bumbling guards reveal.
They had been looking the whole time  not realizing that the princess would have grown up.
Disgusted  Maleficent dispatches her pet raven to search.
Years later  Aurora  renamed Briar Rose  has grown.
Flora and Fauna bestowed.
Sweet and gentle  she dreams.
The three fairies ask Rose to gather berries in the forest.
They can prepare a surprise party.
Rose attracts the attention  now a handsome young man   Samson.
Singing. 
He is out riding his horse.
They instantly fall.
When they meet.
Realizing  Rose flees without ever learning his name  but asks him to come to her cottage that evening.
She has to return home.
The fairies  quarrel.
She is away.
Whether Aurora s gown should be pink or blue.
Back  the fairies tell Rose the truth and escort the now-heartbroken princess back to her parents.
Meanwhile  Phillip tells his father.
He met and wishes to marry.
King Hubert tries to convince Phillip to marry the princess  but fails.
Maleficent lures Aurora away from the fairies through a secret entrance behind a fireplace and up a staircase to an empty room.
Where an enchanted spinning wheel awaits her.
Aurora touches the spindle  pricking her finger and completing the curse mere moments.
The good fairies place Aurora and place a powerful charm on all the people in the kingdom  causing them to fall in a deep sleep.
The spell is broken.
King Hubert tells Stefan of his son being in love with a peasant girl.
The fairies overhear.
The fairies realize.
Prince Phillip is the man.
However  Prince Phillip  arriving  is kidnapped by Maleficent and her minions to prevent him from breaking her spell.
The fairies discover Phillip s hunting cap and realise.
Maleficent has taken Phillip prisoner.
They then journey and sneak into Maleficent s castle to rescue him.
They follow Maleficent.
Where she taunts Phillip.
Then she leaves him  laughing at his rage.
The fairies enter the chamber  release the prince  and arm him.
Phillip and the fairies then escape and encounter Maleficent s minions.
Who try to stop Phillip.
Maleficent surrounds Stefan s castle with a forest of thorns.
Maleficent transforms to battle the prince herself.
When that fails to stop Phillip.
Ultimately  Phillip throws the sword  blessed into Maleficent s heart  causing Maleficent to fall to her death from a cliff and turn to ash.
Phillip enters the castle and goes up the highest tower.
To awaken Aurora.
The spell also awakens too.
The royal couple descends.
Where Aurora is happily reunited.
The fairies resume their quarrel  the last color to appear being pink.
Aurora and Prince Phillip live happily ever.
<EOS>
Bert is a retired Hollywood actor.
Who has been estranged.
Social Services places her 10-year-old daughter  Becca.
When she ends up.
She has never met.
The generation gap is apparent.
Bert and Becca try to adjust together.
He never knew about  he is faced with the resentment toward him due to these stories told by the grandmother.
Bert is faced.
Whether to tell his granddaughter.
If they believe him  may ruin their memory  or stay quiet.
The dilemma is resolved.
When one tells the mother the truth.
<EOS>
Lal Singh lives.
He is called Lal Badshah.
He lives.
Lal is a very helping person and dead set.
Vikram Singh alias Vicky Baadshah.
Who is the Don.
Vicky is the son.
Who lives far away.
Vicky & his brother Ajit Singh  a corrupt police officer want to rule the city.
Meanwhile  Lal meets Kiran  an L.
I.
C.
Agent & is determined to become his wife.
Who falls with him.
Dayal Singh is still hunting for the treasures of the Maharaja.
Whom he murdered years ago along Sultan Singh.
Dewan Ranbir Singh hid the treasure.
When the Maharaja was murdered  his son.
Which Dayal Singh tried to murder him.
What is the link and will Dayal Singh be able to ever find the treasure.
<EOS>
This film is based on a true story.
A group travel to the island of Mindanao.
A rough landing damages the plane.
Prospectors Robert Harper and Rolf find the remains.
The plane is being repaired.
Is abandoned.
Later  one goes missing.
They go.
The pilot is killed.
Robert and Rolf are then separated.
Harper is kidnapped.
The tribes people take Robert back  then tie him up and strip him down to his underwear.
A native girl comes up and tears his underwear off  then two other natives fondle his genitals.
The cannibals then attach Robert and repeatedly drop him from great heights.
Robert is imprisoned  and is continually humiliated and tortured by the cannibals over a long period.
He is going to be eaten.
He rapes her.
She tries escaping.
Robert finds Rolf.
Escaping. 
Whose leg is infected.
The three wander through the jungle.
They eventually find the landing field.
The cannibal tribe finds.
They descend.
Them  then manages to kill and eat the native girl.
Robert manages to kill one with a spear laced with cobra venom  then he pulls out and eats his liver in front of the other cannibals.
Rolf is hit.
The two of them finally manage to take off.
The real-life Harper returned to the U.
S.
And settled down.
<EOS>
Successful  arrogant baseball superstar Tommy Santa Santorelli is knocked unconscious  taking him back in time to.
He wakes up from the Sandlot greeting him.
He asks.
Who jacked his BlackBerry and why is everyone calling him kid.
He realizes.
He is.
He faints.
Tommy wakes.
Who died  telling him everything.
He is convinced.
He is dreaming until he wakes up.
His mother is making pancakes.
He tells her.
He is forty one years old  lives  has a smoking hot girlfriend who has her own reality show.
He does not eat pancakes but protein shakes.
He then tells her.
He thinks he is dead.
His mom calls the doctor.
He gets mad after trying to explain.
What TiVo is and calls the doctor a quack.
They go back home.
She shows him some family photo albums.
He tells his mom.
Who will work after his band breaks up in the nineties.
She is confused and asks him.
What Home Depot is.
When his friends  Two-ton  Wings  D.
P.
And Timber ask him.
He is okay.
He says no.
His mother insists.
He should at least go ahead and play.
He meets Benny Rodriguez  the manager and asks him.
They were transported back.
Benny is younger and has no idea.
What he is talking about.
Tommy hit every single hit  and after Q calculates.
000  they decide to sneak.
He says no.
He finds out he gets to play E.
J.
The town bully   died.
He bullied Ryan  who did not speak.
He joins the team.
The night he joins the team.
The boys go.
They find.
The house is filled.
Then Tommy and Benny teach the boys.
To play better.
Tommy switches over to Needman s team.
He got mad  and told him  he storms off.
When he told this.
He should nt speak.
The day he went to the sandlot to find Benny and Squints talking about.
When they were younger.
Playing. 
Then he realizes.
What true friendship really is.
Tommy realizes.
He should play.
Switching teams  he ends up making the over the wall catch.
The Sandlot is saved.
Tommy s team wins.
He gives the winning ball and rushes home to see.
His mother suffering is feeling.
She is very sick.
Ryan shows up and yells to Tommy.
He says Tommy  you forgot this  throwing the winning ball up to catch.
It knocks him out.
It did before.
He wakes up to find.
He is married.
He has two kids  Heather and Oliver  and all from the Sandlot  now adults come to see.
Benny tells Tommy that he did nt ever play and stayed on the Dodgers his entire career.
He is.
He realizes.
He relived his childhood days.
This time choosing friendship and ultimately earning both.
<EOS>
Cameraman Johnny and mercenary Major Bull Weed escape from the latter s girlfriend Fifi.
They steal a plane and land.
Johnny makes a deal with Bull and Fifi to obtain a camera for him  offering them.
Whatever he films.
Johnny tries to strike up a romance.
She initially rejects him  but later warns him.
Bull and Fifi are Japanese agents.
Harrison s Reports film review  December 5  1942  page.
<EOS>
The Nazi enemy invades Great Britain by drilling under the English Channel and up through the cobblestones on Whitehall.
From his bunker under Downing Street  Prime Minister Winston Churchill issues a call to arms for all of Britain to band together to resist the invaders.
A young farm worker rallies the residents to fight back.
Joining forces  the resistance movement retreats to Hadrian s Wall.
Where the unlikely saviours come from the Scottish highlands.
<EOS>
The film is based  In 1978 approximately 3000 heavily armed fighters from Katange crossed the border to the Democratic Republic of the Congo and marched into Kolwezi  a mining centre for copper and cobalt.
They took 3000 civilians.
Between 90 and 280 hostages got killed.
The rebels appeared to be unpredictable and are reported to have threatened to annihilate all civilians.
The Congo s head urged Belgium  France and the USA to help.
France sent the Foreign Legion s 2nd Foreign Parachute Regiment.
Who were flown to Kolwezi.
They secured the perimeter in cooperation with Belgian soldiers from Zaire and then started to evacuate the civilists.
African citizens were saved.
The film strives to depict these events  concentrating on the Europeans  plight.
<EOS>
Leon and Bobby are brothers and members.
They keep drugs off their block.
This puts them to the Vipers  another local gang headed by Marco.
Who want to sell drugs.
A gang war seems imminent.
Marco plans.
Revenge ratted him out to the police.
Bobby falls.
Who moves.
Their attraction complicates the gang rivalry.
Marco beats and rapes Betsy.
Order to push Leon.
Neighborhood Mafioso Fritzy rumble.
Orders Leon and Marco to make amends hours.
Leon disobeys this order at the docks  leaving Bobby and Annie free to take her mother to Los Angeles.
Where Marco is killed along.
Leon is.
Bobby drops a wheelbarrow full of cinder blocks on Fritzy s car  presumably killing him.
<EOS>
Karthik is a lazy  jobless  upper middle-class guy and the only son.
Who is a bank manager  hanging around.
Over-ambitious  he always wants the best of everything in his life  from pens and clothes to every other accessories  and has made it a rule to try out everything before zeroing in on one.
Now wanting to choose his best life partner  he applies the same method and decides to select three girls.
Whom he would romance and make to fall in love with him  then reject two of them and finally marry the third one.
He comes.
Who has reservations and slaps a guy for touching her inappropriately.
Karthik later attends a marriage.
Where he meets Priya  a girl  who strongly believes and has the policy of loving and marrying only one boy in her life  Karthik s second candidate.
The third one Karthik selects is Tejaswini  a rich and arrogant girl  heir.
1500 crores  attempt.
Who once had a failed love.
Vishal enters their lives  woos them and finally wins their hearts.
The girls do nt know the fact and entirely trust him.
Karthik is romancing three girls simultaneously.
One day  thanks.
Who does nt want his daughter to sustain one more love failure.
Karthik dumps her and continues.
Tejaswini vows to take revenge.
She befriends the other two girls and gives advice to each.
To quicken the progress to get married soon  trying to put Karthik and blow his cover.
Soon Jyothi gets to know the truth  wherefore and realizes his mistakes.
He also rejects Jyothi and settles down as his future wife  who was responsible for Karthik s change of mind as he has now learnt the value of true love.
However   a rowdy confronts Karthik.
He has betrayed Jyothi  Karthik himself reveals the truth to Priya  who was with him.
Downheartedly she leaves Karthik.
Who is being beaten up.
Karthik then causes a traffic accident  getting himself tangled and injured  and gets admitted in a hospital.
Where DrRamya comes.
He pretends to have lost his memory to arouse compassion in Priya  eventually indeed succeeding in his plan as Priya returns and reunites with him  believing.
He has forgotten the past and would turn over a new life.
<EOS>
The film centres.
A ruined house is found.
Who discovers an injured man trapped.
The man has no uniform and is rescued.
Who we finally realise are.
The injured man can not speak and is helped.
They try to leave and return but are fired upone by both sides and so return to the shelter of the basement.
Eventually more soldiers find the safe haven with the credits listing the characters as The Englishman  The Frenchman  The Russian Jew  The Vaudevillian and The German.
The storyline follows the arguments and discussions and ends.
Defying their common enemy - WAR.
<EOS>
Asterix and Obelix must travel with a barrel of Magic potion  to help a rebel village fight against the Roman Empire.
Has conquered the whole country.
<EOS>
Ben Wilson is a widower haunted.
Who has been killed.
He has recently returned and purchased an old guest house on the outskirts of town.
He is renovating.
Their leader insists.
When local bus driver Oscar arrives from South California.
They could stay.
Wilson soon begins to note their peculiar behaviour  manner and dress and Oscar points.
While they purport to be tourists  they do not carry cameras or take photographs.
Another stranger  Quish  arrives to join the group  and Ben notices the odd fact.
After they settle.
Quish s clothes have a fine covering.
Ben s suspicions are heightened.
Quish has a minor accident.
Walking helps him.
Quish s dropped American passport.
Looking  Ben discovers.
The stamps within include locations and dates that are many decades apart.
The local doctor then shows Ben an.
Reveals that there is a mysterious object embedded.
Wilson confronts Quish  having deduced.
They leave the surgery.
The stamps correspond.
Helens volcanic eruption.
Unnerved  Quish will only respond.
He is sure it is safe.
Meanwhile  unbeknownst Judge Caldwell -- -- has secretly arranged to have Hilary taken away from Ben on the grounds.
Who blames Ben.
He is an unfit parent.
He goes to stay.
When Ben returns home he finds Hilary gone and confronts the Judge but is threatened  defeated.
There he visited.
Who confirms his suspicions.
Who visit the scenes as part of a Grand Tour of the past.
She then gives Ben a euphoric substance and seduces him  leaving him unconscious.
Late that night Ben he is found and revived.
They return to find out  but minutes later the town is struck by a large meteorite  resulting in almost total destruction.
The Tourists have come.
Ben races.
Where he finds Hilary alive.
His friends dead.
The Tourists stroll.
Ben and Hilary work.
Who are taken.
Ben is alarmed to discover.
When Ben and Oscar return.
Although the tourists have left the house  their luggage is still there.
He and Oscar track them.
Where Ben realises that they are awaiting a second disaster which is about to strike the school.
The tourists try to detain him.
He evades them and races.
Meanwhile  maintenance workers accidentally damage a gas pipe line.
Ben arrives a hurricane lamp ignites the leaking gas  destroying the school in a massive blast and killing most of the people inside  including Hilary and Quish  who has followed Ben to the building.
Ben regains consciousness to find.
He has been taken prisoner and that an official from their time  the Undersecretary  has arrived to investigate and try to remedy the disruptions to Ben s Timescape.
He explains.
His people have discovered that time is more resilient than they had first believed but  because  all time excursions have been suspended pending a full investigation.
She embraces him  secretly slipping Quish s passport.
Before they depart Ben attacks Reeve  but as she leaves.
Ben discovers.
It conceals one.
He eventually makes.
It work  and returns to try and save his daughter and the townsfolk from the disaster.
Realising  he tries to sneak her away.
Hilary is then.
He is caught and thrown.
Is itself soon to be destroyed.
However he convinces the deputy to allow him his one phone call and manages to contact his pre-existing self.
As that self is meeting.
This alternate self helps the ` original  Ben to escape.
Together they manage to alert and save most by ringing the bells in the old church on the other side of town.
Leaving Hilary walks through the scene of the impact  there he is again confronted by the Undersecretary.
Who had returned to take Ben back.
He warn Ben not to interfere any further and threatens to alter the past again to eliminate Ben s actions.
Ben challenges him.
If the Undersecretary s assertions were true  his people would have already done so.
We see Hilary taking bookings for the now-completed guest house.
Ben reads from his late wife.
Ben has vanished.
When Hilary looks up.
Hilary suddenly hears and is drawn playing her mother s favourite tune on the piano.
The movie closes.
<EOS>
Bert Rigby is a miner in northern England  with aspirations to show business.
He tells the story  while sitting in a bar.
He lives.
She lives.
Where she works.
They have a bomb shelter straddling their back yards.
Where they have secret meetings.
Bert decides to try his luck.
His fellows are once again.
He gets his chance  singing Is nt It Romantic.
When he performs.
So he starts.
Bert repeats the act and starts doing a Buster Keaton imitation.
He did  until he tires of it.
They come across a crew filming a contraceptives commercial.
One day Bert gets an offer and flies to America with Sid  expecting a great career  and again leaving behind his pregnant young wife.
Bert is calling Laurel.
When he is about to leave.
He swears.
When he has to break off.
When he discovers his bags are missing  leaving Laurel.
They film a commercial with him playing Buster Keaton.
Directed he had seen filming the contraceptives commercial  but the ad is dropped.
When a demographic survey reveals that most had never heard of Keaton.
Bert phone s Laurel to apologize.
He swears again.
When he slips.
Bert then discovers  they part ways.
Sid has left him high and dry  and stranded.
Bert then works.
Where he encounters a group  where he defends a Hispanic man against a loutish patron.
The grateful Hispanic hires Bert to work.
There.
He meets Meredith  the hot-to-trot wife.
I.
Perlestein.
He is then hired to work as a servant in their house  and to act as a technical advisor to Jim Shirley  a caddish Hollywood star.
When Bert is fired as a tree pruner.
Who is playing a Briton.
Bert forms a bond.
Fending off the advances.
Then Bert phones Laurel.
He has a dream.
Where he sings a Little Dream of Me.
The Perlestein s have a dinner party  with Bert acting as the servant.
The party becomes a disaster.
When the curtain hiding a priceless masterpiece is set.
The flashback ends.
The bartender tells Bert.
The person he has been telling his story does not speak English.
Bert then dances.
Catches the attention.
Bert eventually returns  with a showing of his song-and-dance Crown Royal commercial in the town theatre.
The commercial is followed doing a rendition of Puttin  on the Ritz.
<EOS>
Joao Zero  a bitter but brilliant physicist spends his days brooding over the fateful night 20 years ago  and humiliated at a college party by his girlfriend.
Where he was publicly betrayed.
His eccentricities and tantrums let him.
Heading one.
Aided - and fellow scientist - Otavio  Zero turns on the unfinished machine.
He developed that was supposed to ensure his wealth as well as a new source.
The reaction caused by the machine proves able to open a bridge to the past  leading him by the year 1991  in the traumatic night.
Which the beautiful Helena left him.
He will then see.
Changing the facts can be more difficult and confusing than it sounds.
Returning  Zero learns.
His younger self used his knowledge to become a powerful and corrupted businessman  even more separated from Helena.
His only alternative is to return once more and prevent himself from changing the present while trying to avoid time paradoxes caused by the presence of three versions of himself in.
<EOS>
Cavalry horses are.
<EOS>
Michelle  a single mother  is kidnapped and held hostage.
She is forced to rob a bank which is the only option she has to save her only child s life while they are both wired to explode.
<EOS>
The film begins.
Here Apu makes new friends.
His father Harihar works.
His mother Sarbajaya stays.
Harihar develops a fever and rests.
Apu comforts him.
The next day  he leaves.
He collapses  and dies soon afterwards.
Coming back to home.
It becomes Sarbajaya s responsibility to earn money for the family.
She starts working.
A relative invites them to return.
They settle.
Apu asks his mother to send him.
Apu studies diligently and receives a scholarship to go.
Sarbajaya does not want to let her son leave.
She gives in and helps.
Him prepare to leave.
Apu starts working after school.
Sarbajaya expects visits.
Apu manages to visit only a few times and feels out.
Sarbajaya becomes seriously ill  but does not disclose her illness.
One day  she hears his voice and goes to see him  but finds only the noise of monkeys in the trees and a pond of fireflies.
Waiting. 
She begins fainting.
He leaves and finds.
When Apu finally comes to know.
She has already died.
A relative requests him to stay back there and to work.
Apu rejects the idea.
He returns and performs the last rites for his mother there.
<EOS>
Snoopy and the rest go to the beach for the day.
Once there  Snoopy promises to go back the next day to meet up with Peppermint Patty.
He notices  but does not take note.
Charlie Brown has gone home to play Monopoly.
Snoopy is late.
The next day  Snoopy is thrown off the beach due.
Then Snoopy gets thrown out.
He then gets over his blanket  and later beats Lucy in a boxing match.
Later  Snoopy receives a letter.
Who has been for three weeks.
Snoopy immediately sets off with a small yellow bird.
Whose name is Woodstock  the newest member  introduced in this part  to go see her  leaving Charlie Brown completely in the dark as to who Lila is.
Linus decides to do some investigating  and discovers  Charlie Brown faints.
Lila is Snoopy s original owner.
En route to see Lila  Snoopy and Woodstock are forced to face the challenges.
Each instance - - is musically accented by the deep tones of Thurl Ravenscroft.
The pair are briefly adopted by an annoying girl  but manage to escape.
Snoopy and Woodstock camp out  and play football and music.
Snoopy finally reaches the hospital but  again  no dogs are allowed inside.
To add further insult  the hospital does not allow birds to enter either.
Snoopy is foiled.
His second attempt is successful.
He then keeps Lila company.
Lila claims.
Snoopy s visit helped her to get better.
She then asks Snoopy to go home.
He has doubts.
Snoopy decides to go back home.
However   Snoopy grudgingly runs back.
Seeing her watching him tearfully.
She takes that he wants to live with her.
But first  he needs to return to settle his affairs and say goodbye.
Snoopy writes a letter directing  Linus is given his croquet set and chess set.
Certain items will be given away.
Schroeder receives Snoopy s record collection.
The kids throw Snoopy a large  tearful going-away party  each one bringing a gift.
The kids closest get up to say a few words in his honor.
But  he is overwhelmed.
When it is Charlie Brown s turn to speak.
He finally bursts.
The rest  even Lucy  eventually follows suit.
When Schroeder plays It s a Long Way to Tipperary.
Snoopy opens his mountain.
Charlie Brown is unable to sleep or eat.
He sees a sign next.
When Snoopy arrives.
Says No dogs allowed.
Lila arrives.
Snoopy is reluctantly introduced.
Snoopy shows Lila the sign.
Releases him.
He then leaves Lila behind and joyfully returns.
Back home  the children are overjoyed to see Snoopy return  carrying him.
Once there  Snoopy demands.
The kids return the items he had given them before he left  turning their feelings to annoyance.
The gang then leaves Charlie Brown and Snoopy together.
The film ends.
Snoopy dictates.
<EOS>
Easygoing Ray just can not seem to catch a break to his demanding girlfriend.
He engages in a drunken one-night stand.
He decides not to give her  she makes him pay.
What she wants.
<EOS>
Alonzo Hawk  is a ruthless billionaire  some having historical significance.
Who lives.
The newest and most ambitious is an indoor shopping center  the 130-storey Hawk Plaza in San Francisco   Fire Captain Steinmetz  and aunt of mechanic Tennessee Steinmetz   her displaced neighbor  flight attendant Nicole Harris  and their sentient machines  Herbie the Love Bug  an orchestrion  and a retired cable car known as Old No.
Whose only obstacle is an archaic firehouse inhabited.
Who appeared.
Chooses its own songs.
.
It is explained.
Tennessee has gone to visit his ailing philosophy teacher  while Herbie s former owner Jim Douglas has gone to Europe.
Hawk has made numerous attempts  but Hawk s lawyers have been unsuccessful in these attempts.
Hawk sends him.
When his lawyer nephew Willoughby Whitfield comes to visit him.
Having met the firehouse s inhabitants  Willoughby becomes disillusioned and decides to return home.
Having lost him  Hawk attempts to capture Herbie  but  Herbie causes a series and discards Hawk at his own office door   followed by a Policeman giving Hawk several tickets for traffic offenses.
When Hawk insults him.
Where Hawk orders his subordinates to capture Herbie again.
They are chased  whereupon Herbie makes several daring escapes culminating in travel through the 1909 landmark Sheraton Palace Hotel and along a suspension cable on the Golden Gate Bridge  leaving Mrs Steinmetz unaware of his activity throughout.
Herbie takes Mrs Steinmetz.
Willoughby having decided to go home  he is convinced by Nicole to stay.
They find  whereupon Mrs Steinmetz  Willoughby  Nicole  and Herbie track the theft to a warehouse.
Every item has been removed by Hawk.
They invade to recover the furniture and whence they return  Mrs Steinmetz riding No.
22 follow in Herbie.
Piled.
22 is Steinmetz s furniture  as well as a drunk named Judson.
Who thinks himself.
Hawk pursues.
Herbie distracts him and later rescues Mrs Steinmetz and Judson.
Hawk thereafter recruits an independent demolition agent named Loostgarten.
Mrs Steinmetz decides to confront Hawk herself.
Accompanied  she drives Herbie onto the window-cleaning machine of Hawk s skyscraper to reach his office.
Where Mrs Steinmetz overhears a telephoned conversation and activates the window cleaning machine to fill the office with foam and water.
This done  Herbie pursues Hawk.
Him to desist.
Disguising his voice to resemble his uncle s  Willoughby directs Loostgarten to demolish Hawk s own house.
Loostgarten then telephones Hawk to confirm the demolition  waking Hawk  whereupon Hawk gives confirmation  but belatedly realizes.
He has condemned his own residence and attacks Loostgarten.
Hawk calls a truce with Mrs Steinmetz.
Thinking him sincere Willoughby and Nicole go   but Hawk violates the truce by sending earthmovers to crush the firehouse and its inhabitants  prompting Herbie to go in search of Nicole and Willoughby.
Mrs Steinmetz invites Judson.
The only means of defense is an antique Fire hose.
Judson uses.
Having obtained Nicole and Willoughby  Herbie animates several other Volkswagen Beetles  with.
Whom to frighten Hawk s men and ruin his scheme.
Hawk is pursued by Herbie  and later captured by the police.
Later  Nicole and Willoughby are married  and ride Herbie.
<EOS>
Fireworks Wednesday is a portrait.
The story begins.
They ride together on his motorcycle.
To make some money to help pay  she secures a temporary job cleaning an apartment in northern Tehran.
She finds herself in the middle of a heated domestic dispute between Mojdeh and Morteza.
Mojdeh suspects Simin  a woman.
Her husband Morteza is cheating with the next door neighbor.
Who set up a beauty salon there after her own marriage broke up.
The young woman  the sparring couple  their small son  the wife s sister and husband  and the beautician engage in a series of exchanges  confrontations  and prevarications.
The truth unfolds.
<EOS>
Cyrus  leader  calls a midnight summit of all New York area gangs  requesting them to send nine unarmed representatives to Van Cortlandt Park.
The Warriors   are one such gang.
Cyrus proposes the assembled crowd a permanent citywide truce.
Would allow the gangs to control the city.
Most laud his idea.
Luther  leader  shoots Cyrus and frames the Warriors.
The Warriors warlord.
Cleon is beaten down.
The other Warriors escape.
Unbeknownst call a hit on them through a radio DJ.
Swan  the gang s war chief  takes charge.
They head back.
The Turnbull ACs attempt to apprehend the Warriors.
They manage to escape and board the subway.
The train is stopped by a fire on the tracks  stranding the Warriors in Tremont  in the Bronx.
Setting out  they come across a gang called the Orphans.
Who were not invited and who are sensitive regarding their low status in the city hierarchy.
Swan makes peace.
Who agrees to let the Warriors peacefully.
However  a woman named Mercy mocks Sully and instigates a confrontation.
The Warriors avoid.
Mercy decides to follow the Warriors.
They are chased.
When they arrive.
Three make the train to Union Square.
Fox  struggling  falls to the tracks and is run over by a train while Mercy escapes.
Swan and the remaining three Warriors run outside  and are chased by the Baseball Furies.
The Warriors emerge victorious.
Ajax notices a lone woman in the park  becomes sexually aggressive and is arrested.
When the woman turns out to be an undercover female police officer.
Arriving  Vermin  Cochise  and Rembrandt are seduced by an all-female gang called the Lizzies.
Back  the Lizzies draw weapons  but the trio narrowly escape  learning in the process.
Everyone believes they killed Cyrus.
Having gone ahead  Swan returns to the 96th Street station  and finds Mercy there.
More police show up.
Swan and Mercy flee.
They have an argument.
Swan continues.
Where he reunites.
A fight ensues.
The Warriors defeat them.
The Riffs are meanwhile visited.
Who attended the earlier gathering.
The Warriors finally arrive  but find the Rogues waiting for them.
Swan suggests he and Luther fight.
Luther pulls his gun.
Swan throws a knife  disarming him.
The Riffs then arrive and apprehend the Rogues.
The Warriors walk off down the beach.
The DJ announces.
The big alert is called off when it turns out that the earlier reports were wrong.
<EOS>
Tim Brett is a former drug addict.
Who has written a book and has been published.
He has been clean.
He had recently become acquainted.
Who expresses interest.
She is found murdered soon.
Tim starts a relationship.
Who found his aunt s body.
They are soon engaged.
Dissatisfied  he begins to ask questions of some of his aunt s acquaintances.
The police are making.
He then begins to receive warnings to stop his inquiries.
He meets an elderly woman.
She hands him a note  asking him to read it at home.
The note turns out to be a warning.
There s also an ominous laugh recorded  indicating.
Someone had been.
Tim is then visited.
Matthews.
Who informs him that the woman had lodged a complaint against Tim.
Sgt.
Matthews takes Tim s information but is also killed  Tim finds out.
There is no sergeant.
Tim is later assaulted by two men.
Who leave him lying.
Tim throws the needle away down a gutter.
He makes contact.
Tells him that they are.
All is - again - not.
What it seems to be.
Tim and Juliet s wedding fast approaches.
The situation continues.
<EOS>
Zhang Wuji and his parents return and travel to Mount Wudang to celebrate his grandteacher Zhang Sanfeng s 100th birthday.
Several pugilists attempt to force Zhang Wuji s parents to reveal the whereabouts.
They refuse and commit suicide.
Zhang Wuji has been seriously injured and almost dies.
Zhang Sanfeng shows special care and attempts to preserve his life.
However  that incurs the jealousy.
Who collaborates to harm Zhang Wuji.
One day  Zhang Wuji is bullied and falls off a cliff together with Xiaozhao  a girl.
Who helped him.
They meet Huogong Toutuo from his wounds completely  learning the powerful Nine Yang Skill in the process as well.
Zhang discovers later Bright Peak  headquarters.
The Shaolin Sect is plotting to attack.
Where Zhang s maternal grandfather  Yin Tianzheng is.
Zhang ventures.
Finds the Heaven and Earth Great Shift manual  mastering another powerful skill.
He helps the Ming Cult defeat the six sects.
The cult members are grateful to Zhang and nominate him to be their leader.
Zhang Wuji discovers.
The conflict was instigated by his godfather s sworn enemy  Cheng Kun  who has been hiding under a new identity in Shaolin all this while.
He also encounters Zhao Min  a Mongol princess.
Who is also an enemy.
Zhao uses a special drug to poison the cult s members.
Zhang Wuji confronts her to ask.
Zhao Min makes.
Zhang promise to help her do three things.
Yin Tianzheng and the cult s members   go to Shaolin Monastery for revenge.
Who misbelieved that Shaolin was.
They are surprised to see corpses everywhere instead.
Song Qingshu had actually betrayed the Wudang Sect and defected to the Mongol government.
He is plotting to kill Zhang Sanfeng.
Zhang Wuji returns and saves his grandteacher.
Zhang Wuji promises.
Not to use his newly-mastered skills and still manages to defeat the Xuanming Elders.
The film ends.
Zhao Min leaves.
<EOS>
The film is made up.
They are Roadside Got Ghost  Forest Got Ghost and House Got Ghost.
Swindlers Cai  Fu and Shou are returning after a successful scam.
Cai becomes hungry and tells his accomplices to buy him some food.
He returned home.
They are too lazy to walk  Fu and Shou decide to steal some oranges from the roadside  placed there as offerings during the Hungry Ghost Festival.
Cai eats the oranges and complains.
They are tasteless.
Later  the three men devise a new scheme - they would make phone calls.
Each person would receive a random 4D lottery number  to cover every possible combination from 0000 to.
They called.
Those are required to pay 20 % commission or fall victim to harassments from loansharks.
Who win the lottery.
This initially works.
The three set up a company.
Was largely successful.
One day  Cai receives a phone call.
The caller gives Cai a lottery number  deploying the same hotline trick.
Believing him to be a competitor  Cai naturally disregards the call  but goes ahead and tries his luck.
He wins first and second prize for the same number.
A pale-faced man suddenly confronts Cai for his commission.
Cai receives the warning.
He will be run over.
Cai laughs it off and runs to prove.
It is all a hoax scare.
He actually does get crushed.
The driver is revealed to be a spirit.
Cai dies.
Who tells Cai never to steal her oranges again.
Hundreds of oranges start to roll onto a dying Cai in the middle of the road.
Nan and Lei are attending their army NS reservist training and had to trek.
They become.
Lost and decide to take a short cut.
The two soldiers notice a woman.
Night falls.
Frightened them.
There is a huge thunderstorm the next morning.
Nan and Lei meet.
A plump girl named Yin Yin and sought refuge at her house.
There  they encounter the woman again  and run for their lives.
Yin Yin catches up and explains  and not a ghost.
It was her.
They saw back.
She persuades them to return  making.
Them feel more comfortable.
Nan and Lei allow themselves to be strapped to chairs and noosed.
They can learn one.
However  it was a trap.
The two men are left hanging.
The two girls  Yin Yin and the other female ghost  are ready to depart now that they have found two people to take their place.
The story skips to the following year.
Where another batch arrives for reservist training.
Once again  two get lost.
Take a shortcut.
The story ends.
This was a short sequel.
It is the Seventh Lunar Month and three brothers - Bao Qiang  Bao Huang and Bao Hui - all pay respects.
They complain bitterly.
They are doing poorly financially  and that their mother is not assisting them supernaturally.
Soon afterwards  however  strange things begin to happen.
The brothers all claim to see or hear their mother.
Parents dying will bring bad luck to their children  Bao Qiang and Bao Huang overrule Bao Hui and urge him to bring their mother.
Bao Hui attempts to bring their mother s urn and tablet  but is shocked to find it reappearing in his car later.
He immediately calls his brothers to accompany him.
They think.
He is overreacting.
The ghostly apparition of their mother suddenly appears on the road before them  causing Bao Huang to swerve and nearly crash off a cliff.
Fortunately  the brothers manage to crawl out unscathed.
They witness a massive landslide ahead.
They wonder.
Their mother actually saved their lives.
<EOS>
Sara immerses herself in her imagination.
She is a fourteen-year-old girl.
Who has lived.
She does nt know anything.
The film shows the extract.
<EOS>
A group must defend themselves against an abnormally huge crocodile.
Has become more aggressive to the toxic waste.
The crocodile manages to kill many people.
It is cut up at the climax of the film.
<EOS>
Philip Philly Fillmore is the 15-year-old son.
Who has left town  leaving the young man in the passing care of Nicole Mallow  a sexy French housekeeper  and Lester Lewis  the family s chauffeur.
Philly becomes infatuated.
She tells him to close her door.
When she spots him peeping.
She means.
Him to close her door and then watch her undress.
However  it is too much.
When a topless Nicole asks him to touch her breasts.
She steps back and instead takes off her underwear.
When he objects.
Philly panics and leaves.
Later on  he is surprised to find her.
Once again  she asks him to join her.
He objects.
She keeps sweet-talking him.
He finally gives in.
However  he decides to wear boxer shorts.
Once  she spoons and kisses him from behind.
He insists.
When she tries to take off his boxers.
She turn off the lights first.
But  he again panics and rushes out.
She reaches.
She follows him to apologize  kisses him and directly invites him to sleep.
Which he fails to comprehend.
He gives in but backs.
They flirt the following day.
When she reacts.
One day later  she tells him.
She guesses they can at least date.
They return home and have sex.
They flirt.
Nicole is revealed  Lester is using this secret to blackmail her into helping him in a larger blackmail scheme against Philly.
Lester intends.
Nicole seduce Philly then fake her own death.
Lester then helps the panicked Philly to secretly bury Nicole.
Her body later disappears.
A note orders Philly to steal $.
Lester threatens to also expose her.
When Nicole has second thoughts.
Nicole has truly fallen with Philly.
She reveals the truth.
Philly convinces his tennis coach to pose and intimidate Lester with questions about Nicole s disappearance.
Lester panics but is caught.
He can flee the country.
Nicole and Philly return the money.
They decide not to expose Lester s treachery.
He reluctantly decides not to expose Nicole s illegal alien status nor her acts of child molestation.
He keeps his job.
Nicole fears  and decides to leave.
Philly s father will eventually discover their affair.
She and Philly have intercourse one last time.
She does.
Philly returns  thanks his teacher for advising him to pursue girls.
Whose age is more appropriate  and successfully asks her out to dinner.
<EOS>
Cheyenne Harry gets drunk and sells Cactus  his faithful horse.
Consumed  he takes a job aboard the ship.
The two escape jump overboard.
<EOS>
Raja is.
Raja s dad is violent and an alcoholic.
He spends the family s income.
Raja s family struggles to work hard everyday.
Raja s mom requests him to move to start a new life.
Raja approves his mom s request and moves to attend Ramachandra College.
The movie starts off.
Raja talks.
Who was well-wishing him.
Raja goes into a flash back.
A few years ago  he reaches Mumbai.
Where he plans to get admitted.
He gains admission at the Ramachandra College in Mumbai with the help of the college chairman  Ramachandra.
He does nt realize this.
He thought.
He managed to get a seat due.
Raja meets Roja.
Raja and Roja started loving each other.
They have yet to see each other.
Thus  they sent their pictures to each other.
Raja enters the Net Cafe.
Roja checks her e-mail and sees Raja s photo.
Where Roja was.
Then  they meet each other.
They are initially shocked.
Roja told him that she is in America and Raja told her that he is  although they were both in India and were studying in the same college.
The very next day  Raja meets Roja.
Where he usually comes to board the train.
Again they are both surprised and were speechless.
When they saw each other.
However  things take a turn.
When they are both unable.
Raja wanted to see.
Roja really likes him.
But   her rose drops off.
She walks.
Unaware believes.
Roja really does nt like him.
Ramachandra meets him and tells him to be practical.
He suggests.
Raja should write her a love letter.
Ramachandra helps him.
Raja does nt know how to write one.
Even his daughter  Roja  helps.
Him write a letter  unaware that it was for Raja that the father was writing it.
The next day  Raja meets her and gives her his books  with the love letter inside of it.
Not knowing  she just skims  accidentally causing his love letter to fly away.
He gave her his books.
However  Roja does write a love letter too.
A long-lost friend meets him on the train station.
She returns his books.
Raja writes the address and tears it off to give to his friend.
Unfortunately  he was nt aware.
Roja wrote her love-letter right.
He feels disappointed and does nt show interest  causing her to think.
He does nt like her.
Ramachandra comes and asks Raja to write another love letter and give it to her the next day.
Happens to be Valentine s Day.
He finds out.
When Raja comes to express his love.
Roja is the daughter.
Roja makes a last attempt to find out.
Raja likes him or not.
She sends him an e-mail stating.
She loves him.
Raja does nt want to hurt the feelings of his beloved guide and teacher.
Who he respects.
Thus  he sends her an e-mail stating.
He is unable to return his feelings.
Roja unwillingly accepts.
She knew there was no hope that Raja will fall with her.
Raja leaves the wedding hall and plans to leave back.
Goes back.
Coincidentally  Ramachandra overhears his conversation and realizes.
He is.
He goes to stop Raja  asking him to return and propose to his daughter.
Raja and Ramachandra reach the wedding hall just to stop the wedding from taking place.
Raja and Roja are married.
The movie ends.
<EOS>
Quentin Fifty Dollah Waise is involved.
Earns him good money but worries his grandmother  who dotes and encourages him to follow a more righteous path.
Fifty Dollah s brother Miles Foolish Waise   is an aspiring comedian.
Whose grandmother gave him the nickname.
His inability to get his career going convinces his older sibling.
He s wasting his talents.
The movie pays homage to several  such as Redd Foxx.
Who appear while he gets ready for shows.
These idols  it appears  seem to inspire Foolish to do well.
Are widely attended and placed.
Meanwhile  Foolish also shows himself to have home trouble to keep his gigs going or getting any better.
His grandmother dies.
Fifty Dollah tries to get his own life and give Foolish the push  he also has to deal with a sudden conflict with criminal leader Eldorado Ron and a painful romantic triangle.
He needs.
When he and Foolish fall.
<EOS>
It is May 28  1976  the last day.
The next year s group are preparing for the annual hazing of incoming freshmen.
Randall Pink Floyd  the school s star football player  is asked to sign a pledge promising not to take drugs or do anything.
Would jeopardize the goal.
The incoming freshman boys are hunted down and paddled.
When classes end.
The incoming freshman girls are also hazed  they are rounded up by senior girls  covered in mustard  ketchup  flour and raw eggs  and forced to propose to senior boys.
Freshman Mitch Kramer escapes the hazing.
When Carl s mom pulls a shotgun.
He is later cornered  and violently paddled.
OBannion  a senior participating after failing to graduate  delights in punishing Mitch.
Pink gives the injured Mitch a ride home and offers to take him cruising that night.
Plans are ruined.
When Kevin Pickford s parents discover he planned to host a keg party.
Elsewhere  the intellectual trio decide to participate in the evening s activities.
Pink and his friend David Wooderson  a young adult  pick up Mitch and head  a pool hall popular frequented by teenagers.
Who still socializes.
Students loiter  listen to rock music  cruise the neighborhood and stop at the hamburger.
The evening progresses.
Mitch is introduced to sophomore Julie Simms.
Whom he shares a mutual attraction.
Mitch drinks beer and smokes marijuana.
Cruising again.
They play mailbox baseball.
A neighborhood resident brandishing a gun threatens to call the police.
They barely escape.
The resident fires.
Mitch runs into his middle school friends.
They hatch a plan to get revenge.
The plan culminates.
Him leaving.
An impromptu keg party is planned under a moonlight tower.
The Emporium closes.
Cynthia  Tony and Mike arrive.
Mike is threatened.
Tony runs.
Whom he met earlier.
They begin hanging out together.
Cynthia likes Wooderson and exchanges phone numbers.
Mike  suffering with Clint  decides to make a stand  punches him  and gets tackled.
The fight is broken up.
Football player Benny ODonnell confronts Pink.
Pink  the only player not to have signed  believes.
It violates his individuality and beliefs.
Mitch leaves the keg party.
They drive.
Tony gives Sabrina a ride home and they kiss good night.
Pink  Wooderson  Don  and several friends decide to smoke marijuana on the 50-yard line of the football field.
Night turns.
The police arrive  so they ditch the drugs.
Recognizing Pink  the police call football Coach Conrad.
Conrad lectures Pink and insists.
He sign the pledge.
Pink says.
He might play football.
He is not going to sign the pledge.
Pink leaves.
Mitch arrives home.
Sunrise to find his mother has waited up.
She decides but warns him about coming home late again.
Mitch goes  puts on headphones and listens to Slow Ride by Foghat as Pink  Wooderson  Ron and Simone travel down a highway to purchase their tickets.
<EOS>
An unnamed middle-aged man drives listlessly  with the view outside  periodically glimpsed through the car windows  fuzzy and blurred.
Sitting next to him is Ok-gyeong  a young woman some twenty years younger.
He is.
The two are engaged.
Their dialogue is scarcely distinguishable to its content.
The woman is desperate to talk.
The man remains silent.
Their drive is interrupted by memories of the past.
Include dates taken  and surreal fantasy scenes where Ok-gyeong has her face painted like a mime artist.
<EOS>
Bugs is reading The Song out loud to himself.
The saga turns real.
A pint-sized  Elmer Fudd-like Hiawatha turns up  paddling his canoe.
Hiawatha is looking.
Hiawatha manages to tricks Bugs.
He is preparing a hot bath.
It is actually a cooking pot.
Bugs quickly vacates once Hiawatha casually mentions that he is having rabbit stew.
Bugs spends the rest of the cartoon tormenting his would-be devourer.
Who finally breaks his arrows  and paddles his canoe away.
Bugsy finishes his reading.
However   the miffed-looking Hiawatha suddenly returns to the foreground.
Where Bugs is reading the narrative.
Hiawatha gives Bugs the insulting kiss.
The Bunny usually bestows.
Hiawatha then paddles away again.
Bugs spits out the kiss.
<EOS>
A Staten Island mob boss Parmie was robbed.
Who had a pal Jasper  a deaf deli employee moonlighting for Parmie.
<EOS>
Jessie Cassidy yearns to escape the squalor.
Hoping to move up  she convinces her boyfriend  Eddie Miller  to marry her.
Hennessey sees the couple and buys them a bottle.
Eddie tries to impress John.
Jessie impresses him more.
Eddie takes Jessie  then tells her.
She can give up her job.
Until he gets a break.
Several months later  Jessie is still  despite her friend Beryl Lee s warnings.
Eddie is.
Hennessey throws a party.
Eddie convinces the reluctant Jessie to go.
Hennessey   makes a pass.
Who has been giving parties only.
She rebukes.
He does nt hesitate to loan her a hundred dollars.
More enamoured after this.
She and Eddie are kicked out.
The apartment belonged.
It turns out.
Eddie is arrested.
Eddie  aware  suggests.
She divorce him  marry Hennessey  then divorce Hennessey.
Finally seeing  Jessie leaves him.
What kind Eddie is.
Some months later  she returns the money.
They start to see each other.
She promises to marry him.
Though he knows she does nt love him.
They later plan a European trip.
Eddie goes and warns her to carry through his idea.
He throws Eddie out.
When Hennessey arrives.
Though he does not know the real purpose.
Jessie realizes.
They marry.
She loves Hennessey and is completely happy in Ireland.
They soon receive a cablegram  advising them.
Labor unrest necessitates their return.
Jessie confronts Eddie.
Hennessey goes  hoping that they will stop their strike and save their company.
He tries to blackmail her.
She says.
She will leave Hennessey and flee.
However  Hennessey comes home.
Before she is about to leave him.
Jessie lies.
She never loved him.
Eddie then walks in and announces.
Hennessey is now broke and in the gutter just like him.
He also tells Hennessey to marry and divorce him for money.
Eddie then leaves.
Hennessey refuses to listen.
She loves him.
Later  however  she convinces him.
She will stay and that the money from the sale of her jewels will give them a new start.
<EOS>
Tito  a traveling circus clown  finds an abandoned child.
Tito adopts her and raises her  naming her Simonetta after his partner Simon.
One day Simonetta encounters Luigi  a wealthy man.
Who falls madly.
She rejects him.
She returns home.
Tito suddenly realizes.
She is no longer a child.
Tito further realizes.
He has feelings  but also knows his feelings are improper because he raised her as his daughter.
Luigi begins having fits.
Simonetta has rejected him.
Tito falls.
He believes he should not have Simonetta.
They both see the same doctor and meet for the first time.
They share their respective troubles and believe.
They can help each other  not knowing they both love the same woman.
Nonetheless  the three eventually develop a strong friendship.
Luigi asks Simonetta to marry him.
Simonetta eventually accepts Luigi s proposal.
Throws Tito.
Simonetta learns.
She marries Luigi.
She tells Tito.
She loved him before she loved Luigi  then goes to break her engagement.
Tito and Simon begin rehearsing some new material.
Simonetta is breaking her engagement.
Tito does not believe.
Simonetta s love is genuine  but that it is just pity.
He becomes emotionally hysterical  and falls practicing a familiar stunt.
There are two endings.
Tito dies from his fall  freeing Simonetta to marry Luigi.
Tito survives his fall and Simonetta marries Luigi.
They all remain close friends.
<EOS>
Lloyd Ace Gruver  a major and the son.
S.
Army general  is stationed.
He falls with a Japanese entertainer.
Who is a performer.
Kelly is about to wed a Japanese woman  Katsumi.
Will not recognize the marriage.
The Air Force   is against the marriage.
Gruver and Kelly have an argument.
Which Gruver uses a racial slur to describe Kelly s fiancee.
Gruver eventually apologizes  then agrees to be Kelly s best man.
Kelly suffers further prejudice  pulling extra duty and all the less-attractive assignments.
Kelly realizes.
When he and many others who are married are ordered back to the States.
He will not be able to take his wife  who is now pregnant.
Finding no other way to be together  Kelly and Katsumi commit double suicide.
This strengthens Major Gruver s resolve to marry his own Japanese lover.
He say.
When asked reporter what will.
Neither of which will be particularly happy.
We said ` Sayonara.
However  differs from that of the book.
Which Gruver says sayonara and returns to the States.
<EOS>
Raymand Goodfellow rides on his motor scooter.
His voice over explains.
You ca nt control who you fall with  or who falls in love with you.
Love does nt make sense.
The film flashes back.
Ray s band consists.
Ray prays asking him for assistance in getting Kelly to love him.
He joins the band onstage.
She seems drawn to Fozzie.
Who  claiming he s genuinely uninterested  is rejecting Kelly s advances.
He is informed by the bartender.
Someone has left a package.
The package contains love darts.
The instructions explain.
When someone is poked they are immediately attracted to the first person they see.
This attraction lasts.
The love is meant to last it will  but if the love was nt meant to be.
Ray tells Fozzie.
They both agree to have a test run.
Ray throws a love dart catching a prissy Jersey Girl named Angela.
The band walks home.
The first man is Ray s quiet  low-key bandmate Frank.
She sees.
Angela falls immediately.
As the instructions promised.
Ray and Fozzie follow the new couple around.
Angela appears to still be in love.
Frank and Ray declares the darts effective.
Ray enlists Fozzie s help.
Kelly will remain after the love dart s initial power ends.
Fozzie is able to offer several tips  knowing a surprising amount and the things.
Are important.
Ray goes and strikes her with a dart.
She immediately falls with him.
Promised. 
They go.
Goes perfectly.
Towards the end they kiss.
Kelly looks uncomfortable  thanks him  and leaves.
When the six hours end.
It is clear.
The love did not last.
Ray consoles himself.
He has a whole flock.
All is talk about getting Kelly to fall in love with him again.
He can do.
He even contemplates convincing her.
She has diabetes so she has to poke herself.
The love darts wear off.
He is alone again  ready to try his last dart time.
Walking home  Ray prepares for his final throw at Kelly.
Moments realizes.
His loyal friend Fozzie is really and that she is really in love with him.
He hits Fozzie right.
He looks up.
The two instantly fall with each other.
A wiser and less self-centered Ray returns.
He finds another mysterious box with a note.
Says nice work.
He opens the box and finds Cupid s bow and arrow.
The film flashes forward.
The film began.
The band continues  Angela is the new singer.
Frank & Angela and Fozzie & Kelly are still very much.
Ray is many miles away driving his bow and arrow tied to his back.
He repeats.
You ca nt control who you love  or who loves you.
He ends.
Love does nt make sense.
He knows all this.
I am the God.
<EOS>
Anna  a young cleaning woman  is sent to spruce up the abandoned St.
Ange orphanage.
She has been sent there.
She is pregnant.
She keeps this a secret.
She then discovers.
Judith is the only orphan who still lives there  a young woman who acts.
Anna begins to experience strange things.
She begins her cleaning duties.
Meanwhile  her co-worker  a cook named Helenka  does not hear a thing  and begins to worry.
Anna begins to suspect that St.
Ange holds a dark secret.
Convinced  Anna coaxes her.
Judith s memories hold part.
Lie. 
<EOS>
Set  the film tells the story of a love affair between Sasuke and blind koto teacher Shunkin.
Who lost her sight.
<EOS>
The Nazis have overrun the Netherlands and have taken over the shipyard co-owned and run by Jaap van Leyden.
The yard was making submarines.
The German ` Protector  Von Schiffer demands.
They resume making submarines  but.
They induce some of the skilled workers to return to the yard.
This leads.
When everyone sees them.
But van Leyden works out a way to appear to do but to keep his conscience clear as well.
What the Nazis want.
He undertakes a covert campaign  leaving notes and graffiti signed under his nom de guerre Piet Hein.
One submarine is taken over and sailed to England.
Leads. 
Finally  van Leyden sabotages a submarine.
Thus killing himself and the many Nazi officials.
<EOS>
The film is based.
Who is moved.
It was banned.
The film was screened only twice.
Its print is now lost.
<EOS>
Mrs Louisa Wilberforce is a sweet and eccentric old widow.
Who lives alone in a gradually subsiding lopsided house  built over the entrance to a railway tunnel  in King s Cross  London.
She is a frequent visitor to the local police station.
Where she reports fanciful suspicions.
Having led wild-goose chases  the officers humour her  but give her reports no credence whatever.
She is approached.
Who wants to rent rooms.
Unbeknown  he has assembled a gang of hardened criminals for a sophisticated security van robbery at King s Cross Station  the gentlemanly con-man Major Courtney  the Cockney spiv Harry Robinson  the slow-witted ex-boxer One-Round Lawson  and the vicious continental gangster Louis Harvey.
The Professor convinces the naive Mrs Wilberforce.
The group are an amateur string quintet using the room.
To maintain the deception  the gang members carry musical instruments and play a recording from String Quintet in E  Op.
11 No.
.
Mrs W is deceived into retrieving the disguised lolly from the railway station herself.
This she successfully manages to do  but not.
Now the real difficulties begin.
` One-Round  accidentally gets his cello case.
The gang departs her house.
Banknotes spill forth.
He pulls the case free.
Mrs Wilberforce looks on.
Finally  smelling a rat  she informs Marcus.
She is going.
Stalling  the gangsters half convince Mrs W.
She will surely be considered an accomplice.
It is a victimless crime.
Insurance will cover all the losses.
The police will probably not even accept the money back.
She wavers  but rallies.
The criminals finally decide.
They must kill her.
No one wants to do it  so they draw lots using matchsticks.
The Major loses  but tries to make a run with the cash.
The criminals cross  double-cross and manage to kill one another in rapid succession.
The Major falls off the roof after being chased by Louis  Harry is killed by One-Round   One-Round tries to shoot Louis and Marcus and is himself killed by Louis  Marcus kills Louis by dislodging his ladder under the tunnel behind the house  causing Louis to fall into a passing railway wagon.
Who thinks Harry has killed Mrs W.
When he overhears a plan to double-cross him  but leaves the gun s safety catch on.
Finally   Marcus himself is struck on the head by a railway semaphore signal over the tunnel  and drops lifeless into another wagon.
All the other bodies have been dumped and are now far away.
Mrs Wilberforce is now left alone.
She goes.
They do not believe her story.
They humour her  telling her to keep the money.
She is puzzled  but finally relents and returns home.
She leaves a banknote of enormous denomination with a startled starving artist.
<EOS>
Bablu Chaudhary is an aspiring cook.
He applies.
Where he meets Sonia Kapoor  who is the Banquet Manager.
They are soon attracted.
Bablu falls with her.
However  one day  the police arrive  arresting him thinking.
He is Manu Dada.
He decides to switch roles and kill him.
When Manu learns.
Order to start afresh.
However   Bablu accepts the identity.
When Manu kidnaps Bablu s mother.
Order to rescue both his mother and Sonia  who has gotten involved  too.
The cook is able to rescue his dear ones.
All ends well.
<EOS>
The plot begins.
Who reunite every year to take a camping trip.
They find.
While setting their vacation up.
Their trip turns.
The punks lead a comfortable life  living along.
All  their mother goads her sons into acts of rape  violence  and murder.
Eventually one is severely brutalized by Ike and Addley.
The remaining two escape dies from her sustained injuries.
They soon regroup  arm themselves  and set out.
They are attacked.
The girls take their revenge  as they are about to leave the woods.
<EOS>
A deadly infection breaks out  causing humans to devolve into blood-thirsty monstrosities.
Six recently evicted.
Tenants must survive the night and protect their downtown apartment building as the city quickly spirals out.
Initially emergency services and city authorities attempt to contain the spread  but soon hospitals are inundated with the wounded.
The virus begins to spread island wide.
The characters realise the severity of the situation  the infected have overrun much of the city.
The streets are highly dangerous.
The survivors barricade themselves.
The news will begin to restore order in Manhattan soon.
<EOS>
The film begins.
His championship debut heavily taunts Liston but Liston vows to Fuck him up.
Clay is able to dominate the early rounds of the match.
Halfway Clay complains of a burning feeling in his eyes and says.
He is unable to continue.
However  his trainer/manager Angelo Dundee gets him to keep fighting.
He easily dominates the fight and right  therefore making Cassius Clay the youngest heavyweight champion at the time.
Clay is able to see again.
Cassius Clay then changes his name  and travels to Africa with Malcolm X.
Ali continues to dominate.
He is stripped and sent to jail for his refusal to be drafted during the Vietnam War.
His conviction is later overturned  and attempts to regain the Heavyweight Championship.
Frazier wins  giving Ali the first loss.
Ali fights Frazier again  this time winning.
Frazier loses the championship.
Ali goes to Zaire to face Foreman.
He meets named Veronica Porsche.
There  Ali has an affair.
Ali s wife travels to Zaire to confront him about this.
Ali says.
Just wants to focus.
Ali leans back against the ropes and covers up  letting Foreman wildly throw punches at him.
Foreman tires himself out.
The rounds go on.
Ali takes advantage.
He quickly knocks out the tired Foreman.
The movie ends.
Which he was previously stripped.
<EOS>
Nick Naylor is a handsome  smooth-talking tobacco lobbyist.
The vice-president called the Academy of Tobacco Studies.
Has been researching the link between tobacco smoking and lung cancer.
They claim.
Their research -- funded primarily -- has found no definitive evidence of any linkage.
Naylor s job consists mainly.
Naylor and his friends  firearm lobbyist Bobby Jay Bliss and alcohol lobbyist Polly Bailey  meet every week and jokingly call themselves the Merchants.
Numbers decline  Naylor suggests.
Product placement could once again boost cigarette sales.
Naylor s boss  BR  sends Naylor to bargain for cigarette placement in upcoming movies.
Naylor takes along his young son Joey.
Naylor teaches Joey about the beauty of argument.
Naylor is also sent to bribe Lorne Lutch  the cancer-stricken man.
Who once played the Marlboro Man and is now campaigning against cigarettes.
Naylor offers Lutch a suitcase.
Naylor suggests -- but adds that.
When Lutch refuses.
He should publicly announce the bribe and say that he s using the money to start a charity.
That case he ca nt use any to help his own family.
He will seem.
Naylor s argument convinces Lutch to take the hush money.
Senator Finistirre  one  is the promoter of a bill to add a skull and crossbones POISON warning to cigarette packaging.
Naylor receives a death threat from a caller.
Naylor still plans to appear before a U.
S.
Senate committee to fight Finistirre s bill.
Naylor is then kidnapped and covered.
Awakening  he learns.
The very high nicotine tolerance level resulting has saved him from death by nicotine poisoning.
Now he is hypersensitive and can never smoke again.
Meanwhile  Naylor has been seduced.
The besotted Naylor tells Holloway all about his life and career -- information.
She happily publishes.
Her article relentlessly bashes Naylor and his work  exposing Lutch s bribe  the product-placement scheme  and the MOD squad as well.
It accuses Naylor.
All public sympathy due evaporates.
Naylor is fired.
Naylor falls.
Joey helps him recall the integrity that almost no one feels deserve a defense.
Rejuvenated  Naylor tells the press with Holloway and promises to clear the names of everyone mentioned in her article.
He also declares.
He will still appear.
Naylor admits to the dangers of smoking but argues.
Public awareness is already high enough.
He emphasizes consumer choice and responsibility and   claims.
If tobacco companies are guilty  as a major cheese producer  is likewise guilty of cholesterol-related deaths.
Finistirre asks Naylor.
He would condone his son smoking cigarettes after he turns.
Naylor hesitates  then responds   I ll buy him his first pack.
He really wants to smoke.
Results. 
Naylor publicly refuses to work.
Holloway  publicly humiliated  is reduced to working as a local weather girl.
Soon afterwards  Big Tobacco settles claims at a huge cost  the Academy is dismantled.
Senator Finistirre begins working to have cigarettes digitally removed.
The MOD Squad still meets weekly  now.
Joey wins a school debate using lessons.
His father taught him.
Naylor opens.
A private lobbying firm  in which we see him continuing  guiding a trio from the cellphone industry concerned about claims that cellphones cause brain cancer.
The film ends  Michael Jordan plays ball.
Charles Manson kills people.
I talk.
Everyone has a talent.
<EOS>
Ham and Ex have been sent by their mother Lizzie.
Uncle Beans can babysit them.
Ham and Ex have an ambition.
Annoyed  Beans has them seated on a bench.
Ham and Ex accidentally set off the fire alarm  waking the other firemen  only to realise.
When his back is turned.
It was a false alarm.
Beans has Ham and Ex grounded.
Ham and Ex jump out.
He s left.
Then they get and drive off through the station wall into the street  to Beans  horror.
Beans runs.
They clumsily crash and bump their way.
Finally they drive back as Beans returns.
He notices.
They appear to be asleep before he can belt them.
Ham and Ex toss a fireman s boot at him.
Entirely fed up  Beans drags them to one end of the bed and spanks them.
<EOS>
Amba Prasad  a rich man is supposed to have died.
All ` relatives  gather to find out.
Much they can inherit.
A poor girl claims to be carrying his baby.
He literally brought up.
However  it turns out.
Amba Prasad is very much alive.
His lawyer makes him see the harsh reality.
None were there to pay respect to him but to get his money.
Disheartened he leaves his house.
He ends up and meets an artist.
Who paints a portrait.
He assumes and pays him.
Amba Prasad is a poor man.
Later Amba Prasad faints.
He is exhausted.
The dog brings Aarti to help his master.
Soon Amba Prasad becomes a part.
Who is disabled.
Aarti makes medicines and gives it and refuses to take money for her services.
Her only income is.
Arun and Aarti love each other.
However  Arun realizes and can never support Aarti and her brother and help her pay her debt.
He is just a poor artist.
When he can barely manage to look.
Hence  he tries to find a rich husband.
Aarti refuses to even consider this.
End realize.
Rich Amba Prasad is.
However neither Aarti nor Arun are interested.
Seeing their love Amba Prasad decided to stay till the end of his life.
<EOS>
Betty operates an auto repair garage.
Betty sings.
She restores broke-down taxicabs  high-price limousines and restores a police car back to perfect condition again.
<EOS>
Thousands of American troops descend upon England.
A large US Army base is established and soon houses the rambunctious Yanks.
They are known.
An Arizona man  Sergeant First Class Matt Dyson  encounters Jean Moreton while out to the cinema.
She is the fiancee  and initially rebuffs his advances.
He is quite persistent.
She was having her doubts anyway.
The handsome  brash American sergeant is to the restrained Englishmen.
She has known.
Soon  she is keeping company.
It is largely platonic.
Helen is a bit more worldly in her affairs.
Captain John comes often.
A relationship develops.
They are both married  but her husband is away.
His wife is thousands.
Eventually  the kind-hearted Matt Dyson is accepted.
She is engaged.
They welcome his visits.
When he often brings hard-to-find foods.
But  Jean s mother condemns their relationship.
When news arrives.
Helen and John travel.
Where they make love.
Almost immediately  the Americans ship out by troop train to southern England to prepare for.
Many of the townswomen  some of them pregnant from liaisons with men  scramble to catch one last glimpse of their American boyfriends.
They may never see again.
The train leaves town.
Matt shouts.
He will return.
<EOS>
This drama  set  sees the character Charlie Stubbs trying to escape his poverty by becoming a criminal.
He loves  Annie Collins.
When this course fails he cleans up his act and becomes a cab driver for the woman.
Trouble follows Charlie however.
When Annie s uncle discovers his past.
<EOS>
The day Germany officially surrendered  Maciek and Andrzej are Home Army soldiers  killing two civilian cement plant workers instead.
Who have been assigned to assassinate the communist Commissar Szczuka  but fail to ambush him.
They are given a second chance.
Meanwhile  a grand fete is being organized by his assistant  Drewnowski.
Drewnowski is in fact a double agent  present to kill Szczuka.
Maciek manages to sweet talk himself with the desk clerk.
Who is also a fellow Warsaw native.
They sadly reminisce as the older section of town and the chestnut trees.
Were lost when the Germans destroyed most in the aftermath of the Warsaw Uprising.
Maciek becomes infatuated.
Maciek and Andrzej bide their time to strike Szczuka.
Szczuka has recently returned  and is attempting to locate his son Marek.
Szczuka s wife had died.
Marek had been staying.
Szczuka did not approve  and had written to her telling her to send his son Marek to live with other people  apparently people own.
He knew.
Whose political views were closer.
The aunt continued to raise Marek.
Who adopted her right-wing views and joined the Home Army.
Szczuka goes to visit the aunt   to find out.
Who lives.
Where is son is.
She says.
He is already a grown man and that she does not know.
Later that evening  Szczuka learns and is being held in detention.
Marek has been captured.
Maciek s crush grows.
The hour he must assassinate Szczuka nears  while Drewnowski becomes giddy.
Drinking  Drewnowski barges into the banquet dinner.
He is quite drunk.
He sprays the guests with a fire extinguisher  pulls the tablecloth to the floor and finds himself out of a job.
Maciek goes for a walk with her and ends up in a bombed-out church.
He tells her.
He is thinking  and mentions the possibility of going to technical school.
She finds an inscription by Cyprian Norwid   So often  are you as a blazing torch with flames  of burning rags falling about you flaming   you know.
If flames bring freedom or death.
Consuming all.
You must cherish.
Ashes only will be left  and want Chaos.
Tempest  Or will the ashes hold the glory  The Morning Star of everlasting triumph.
Attempting to fix her broken heel  Maciek stumbles.
Where the bodies he killed that morning are laid out awaiting burial.
He escorts Krystyna back.
Where she has to go back to work until it closes at 300 a.
M. 
And then goes inside.
Where he runs.
He tells Andrzej.
He has fallen with Krystyna.
He can not continue killing and hiding and wants to lead a normal life.
He is not a coward.
Andrzej is not only his friend  but also his commanding officer  and reacts as such  suggesting.
Maciek would be a deserter if he failed to carry out the order to kill Szczuka.
Maciek is taken aback.
Then decides.
He must carry out his orders.
He begins to stalk Szczuka.
Maciek takes advantage.
When Szczuka forgoes his car to walk.
Fireworks celebrating the end fill the sky.
Szczuka falls.
The following morning  Maciek goes.
Where Andrzej awaits.
He watches.
Drewnowski arrives thinking he will join them.
Andrzej is aware.
Drewnowski is only doing it because he has no other choice.
Andrzej throws him and drives off.
He calls out.
When Drewnowski sees Maciek.
Maciek flees and runs.
He is shot and ends up dying.
<EOS>
Sailor Bill  Spencer Tracy  meets girls.
Who sailor Spike  Warren Hymer  has already met  and talked.
They become friends.
When Bill and Spike finally meet.
Then  they meet Carny high diver  Goldie  Jean Harlow.
<EOS>
Sadie Jones has always longed to marry the man in her family church.
Sadie is distressed to learn that St.
She has found her lifetime companion.
Augustine s has only one wedding slot available.
They find that the wedding can be held in three weeks.
The church s eccentric minister  Reverend Frank  will not wed the couple.
Sadie and Ben do qualify.
They agree to attend his prenuptial course.
Sadie and Ben must now follow all  attend his unusual classes  and complete a series of homework assignments designed specifically to irritate one another.
Their wedding date draws near.
Order to get past puppy love and ensure that their union will have a sound foundation.
The couple has to care for twin creepy robot babies.
They get.
He destroys one.
One of Frank s rules is no pre-marital sex.
His young assistant breaks into the couple s house.
Bugs it.
Thus  Frank and his assistant can listen.
Frank does nt let his assistant listen.
Ben discovers the microphone/transmitter but does not tell Sadie.
She will accuse him.
Problems gradually begin to develop.
Ben begins an investigation  and eventually discovers.
He was once married.
Sadie becomes reluctant to have the wedding  among other things.
Ben has not prepared marriage vows as Frank instructed them to do  but instead drew a flip cartoon.
Ben then confronts Frank  believing him to be a hypocrite.
Frank reveals.
The marriage was done to allow Maria  then an immigrant  and a member  to stay in the USA.
Upset  calls off the wedding.
Ben would waste his time.
Sadie goes on vacation to Jamaica  their slated honeymoon destination.
Ben seeks advice.
Who advises him to give up.
There are other women out there.
Ben however disagrees  and decides to go to Jamaica.
Frank and his assistant travel there too.
He attempts to call Sadie.
She refuses to listen.
Her parents assure her.
All marriages have problems.
Her friend Carlisle tells her.
Ben may just want someone who relies  allowing her to forgive Ben more easily.
Ben writes his vows.
Frank marries them there.
<EOS>
A distraught Jean Harris arrives at the baronial Purchase  New York home of Herman Tarnower following a five-hour drive from McLean  Virginia.
Her goal is to commit suicide after confronting her former lover.
Who spurned her.
Tarnower attempts to take it away.
When she removes a gun.
He accidentally is shot and collapses.
Jean drives off to seek help  only to return to the house.
The phone is nt working.
When she sees a police car heading.
The film then follows divergent paths  using flashbacks and flashforwards to tell the story and eventually faltering relationship  the night of the shooting  and Jean s consequent trial for murder.
A divorced mother  she tends to be complacent in both her personal and professional lives  the ideal target for Herman  a vulgar man with the need to be in total control of everyone and everything.
He proposes marriage and presents.
Jean is embarrassingly large and overly gaudy for the headmistress of a private girls  school.
She presses him to set a wedding date.
He finally confesses he has changed his mind  primarily because he has no interest in playing the role of father to her sons.
Jean attempts to return the ring.
He insists she keep it and   he continues to manipulate her by taking advantage of her need for a dominant presence in her life.
Which she becomes addicted.
A flashback to the night of the shooting shows it in a very different light from the earlier portrayal.
An angry Jean willfully and methodically shoots Herman and coldly watches him writhe.
She insists.
It was an accident.
Her staunch refusal to allow attorney Joel Aurnou to portray her former lover prevents him from presenting any details.
Would support a defense.
She is found guilty and sentenced to life in the Bedford Hills Correctional Facility in Westchester County.
<EOS>
It can be pieced together.
No cohesive plot is apparent.
Batman has been murdered.
His killer remains.
Dick Grayson  long since retired and married with a child  decides to resume his crime-fighting days as Robin  the filmmakers noted.
Many people are unfamiliar with Nightwing.
Sabloff and Fiorella wanted to appeal.
Commissioner Gordon is aware and assists him by supplying official documents.
Gordon provides the voiceover narration at the beginning of the trailer.
The head  OHara  apparently also knows Grayson s identity of the equation.
His role is suspicious since he strongly wants Grayson to not become involved.
The extent is left unclear.
Grayson is aware  he addresses him as Clark.
Superman apparently is also motivated to discourage Grayson s return to crimefighting.
Three angry confrontations are shown  in and out of costume.
Grayson is also angered by the sight of a Superman comic-book  suggesting a strongly negative history between the two.
Other comic books also appear  including Wonder Woman and Catwoman.
Fiorella used his own comic book collection.
Longtime Batman villains the Penguin and the Riddler briefly appear.
A brief scene adapted appears  with Barbara Gordon crawling away from a door.
The Joker breaks in.
Afterwards  the Joker is seen walking.
Wonder Woman is shown deflecting bullets from her bracelets  snaring Robin in her golden lasso  and mourning over.
What appears to be the body.
The Green Lantern has a momentary appearance  standing next.
The context is unexplained.
All suggests.
The Justice League wants to stop Grayson.
It is not known.
They are ordered or affiliated with OHara.
The filmmakers clarified.
It was never their intention to portray the other superheroes.
They might be rather ordered to stop Dick.
He is heading down a dangerous road.
It is implied.
Fiorella s commentary confirms  I wanted to make.
This ambiguity was his goal.
People wonder if Batman had really been killed.
<EOS>
A group plan on losing their virginity.
They go believing.
They can hire a prostitute to satisfy their sexual desires.
Porky takes their money but humiliates the kids.
The sheriff   arrives to drive them away  but.
When the group demand their money back.
Who turns out to be Porky s brother.
Before his minions extort the rest and cause them more embarrassment.
The gang becomes hellbent.
Mickey is beaten so badly he has to be hospitalized.
Porky and his men  joined  chase after the group.
They make it.
Where they are met.
He says.
Ted repeatedly damages Porky s car.
All charges will be dropped if the night s events are forgiven.
Porky and his brother have no choice.
The boys were too young to be legally allowed in the first place.
To agree.
The film ends.
The boys also peep on female students in their locker room shower.
Tommy  Billy and Pee Wee finally see several girls showering.
Pee Wee gives them.
When he shouts.
Most stay  finding the situation funny.
A few girls run out.
To test their attitude  Tommy sticks his tongue out  but gets it smeared with soap.
Infuriated  he drops his pants and sticks his penis.
Before female coach Beulah Balbricker walks.
Spotting the protruding member  she sneaks up  grabs his protruding part and pulls with all her might.
Tommy manages to pull free and escape.
Beulah is now determined to prove.
The offending member belongs  going so far as to request that Principal Carter hold a police-type line-up of the boys in the nude so she can identify it.
However  Carter balks.
Coach Brackett suggests getting the police involved.
The other basketball coaches laugh almost uncontrollably.
Balbricker leaves.
When this gets even Carter laughing.
The film ends.
Balbricker sneaking out to ambush Tommy and actually dragging his pants down.
She is pulled off by police and dragged away screaming.
She saw it and that she can identify him.
<EOS>
Stan and Ollie are victims and are begging for food.
A friendly old lady provides them.
Enjoying their meal they hear.
The old lady will be thrown out because she is robbed and can not pay her mortgage.
They do nt know.
The old lady is rehearsing a play.
Stan and Ollie decide to repay the old lady.
A drunken man puts a wallet in Stan s pocket.
Ollie accuses Stan.
They hear the truth.
When they return.
Stan takes revenge.
<EOS>
The film centers.
The monster attacks the assistant and falls from a cliff.
Assuming  Victor returns.
The monster is dead.
A police inspector named.
Bellbeau investigates some mysterious mutilations killings.
Victor is blackmailed.
Who lost an eye with the monster.
Victor grows more and more paranoid  having terrifying nightmares  believing him to be pure evil.
The monster survived his fall  and stole clothes and food.
Who he killed  including Zuckel.
Victor s daughter  Emilie  spends time.
Who warned his son Victor.
He becomes good friends.
When the monster finds his way.
They can see that he only wants to be loved.
They give him the name Franken.
Victor wanted to rid himself  so he decided to hunt the monster down and shoot him.
The monster learns about God.
Emily s mother is killed.
When a fire breaks out.
Franken can only rescue Emily s grandfather.
He is accidentally killed.
When Philip tries to shoot Franken.
Emily thinks.
Franken did it and shoots his hand.
Franken is once again alone.
He seeks refuge   he breaks into tears  and begs god for forgiveness.
Where gazes that both Christ and himself has a hole though their hands.
Victor believes  he finds him the church.
His creation killed his wife.
Franken escapes.
The grandfather tells Emily.
It was not Franken s fault that Philip died.
She sets out to find him.
Inspector Bellbeau and his police force open fire on the monster.
Emily comes.
Franken speaks her name.
Tired.
He never wanted.
Victor  driven mad.
He caused.
Inspector Bellbeau visits Franken s grave.
The red scarf Emily gave the monster blows away.
<EOS>
Two fugitives take hostage an agoraphobic art dealer with a dark past of his own.
Captive  Dale and Ron find themselves participants in a game of survival.
Dale  a stripper  is resentful.
She has been treated.
Their hostage  Andrew  appears to represent everything.
She s always wanted but unable to have.
Ron  impulsive and out  loves Dale and will do.
Whatever he can to take her away.
Dale saves Andrew.
However Ron gets a deal to keep Andrew alive.
Someone  though  must go.
Andrew suggests.
Dale do it since she resembles his fiancee  Gabrielle.
Ron observes.
Dale is slipping away and puts her love.
She fails.
Its now Andrew s turn to save her life.
Finally  Ron is killed.
Who is forced to assume the identity.
<EOS>
Down-on-his-luck Los Angeles architect and builder Edward Shaw is approached  buying land together  on  using her experience as a former real estate broker.
He would build houses that she would then sell.
Her husband  Gus Hillman  a wealthy businessman  would be willing to contribute half a million dollars.
Doris quickly seems interested.
Shaw starts an affair and accepts the business offer.
However  an accidental discovery leaves him convinced.
The Hillmans  interest lies than in the $ 175000 key man insurance policy he took on himself as a precondition for the deal  and that an attempt on his life is imminent.
Madge  the younger sister  develops a romantic interest in Shaw as well.
What Doris has planned.
Her sister was married previously.
Shaw ends up drugged and barely keeps his car from going off a cliff.
The police are skeptical.
The insurance company refuses to cancel the policy  Hillman having portrayed Shaw.
Who is trying to steal his wife.
Madge teams to try to foil her sister s scheme.
Doris lures him and shoots him with a gun.
Shaw manages to push both Hillmans through a window  just minutes before Madge.
The cops arrive.
<EOS>
Set  Rabbit opens with Wile E.
Coyote running up.
Constructing a door.
He knocks.
Bugs  slightly bemused to his property  opens it.
The Coyote proclaims.
He is a genius   and that he intends to eat the rabbit.
He goes on to advise Bugs  an insult Bugs does not seem to react  I m sorry  Mac  the lady of the house ai nt home.
It is futile to try and escape  since Bugs could hardly pass the entrance examinations.
And  we mailed you people a check last week  then slams the door in Wile E.
S face.
The Coyote goes back  asking himself.
Do they always want to do it the hard way.
He chops up vegetables  throws them  adds  then places the pressure cooker on top.
An egg  a drop  tosses it into a salad.
Bugs watches Wile E.
S work  then walks up to him and asks  Doc.
What s cookin.
Is cooking rabbit stew  Bugs casually observes  there s only one little thing wrong.
There is no rabbit.
Frantically looks the cooker.
Under the cooker  Bugs gives him a big kick and sticks.
He then picks up a bat  goes back  and clobbers the Coyote at the other hole  prompting the Coyote to remark  Well  back to the old drawing board.
The Coyote prepares his second plan  the use of a chute for firing a cannon ball into Bugs  hole.
Bugs uses a second chute to return the ball   causing the Coyote s plan to quite literally backfire on him.
The ball arrives from a cannon.
Where it explodes.
Bugs then goes.
He is surrendering.
He wants Wile E.
To sign to his last will and testament.
He gives the Coyote the document and a pen.
Is really a burning stick.
Wile E.
Knows. 
It s dynamite and puts out the fuse.
It is revealed.
He gloats.
There is another fuse.
The Coyote then returns and builds a mechanical lady rabbit.
Will be used to trap Bugs.
Bugs  however  has anticipated this plan  and built an explosive lady coyote.
Bugs detonates the coyote robot.
As Wile is romantically embracing it.
Then.
Was so distracted  it explodes as well.
He forgot.
The Coyote then creates an exploding flying saucer able to detect birds  mice  and rabbits.
The disc flies.
Bugs thwarts it.
The disguised Bugs then writes on the radarscope s target options and moves the dial there.
The saucer speeds back  blew up the whole mountain to smithereens.
The Coyote makes one last plan   he fills a series -- a ramshackle shack.
Admiring his.
Bugs  using a tractor  drags the shack.
Where a train is approaching.
All explodes and launches him high into the air.
When the train hits the shack.
` Wile E.
Coyote - Super Genius   he groans.
He was holding a tree branch all burned up  finally admitting to himself that the rabbit has outwitted him.
The Coyote  still dazed and covered  returns to Bugs  hole  rebuilds his door  knocks on it and admits defeat.
Allow me to introduce myself.
My name is Mud  he says to Bugs.
<EOS>
Johnny Paul arrives.
However  he is actually.
Has the potential to cause instant death.
The substance was being secretly created at the request of a Pentagon official.
However  a double agent had infiltrated the unit  killed the executive  and assumed his identity.
Paul uses his image to get close.
Who is known.
However   it s a race to stop Tree from selling the secrets to an unnamed foreign power.
His cover is blown.
<EOS>
Reach explores the age-old quandary of - and.
We greet our final days.
Who will be there at the end.
Alvin  portrayed  makes life hell for everyone else around him as a widower confined to his hospice bed.
Old and bitter  Alvin is content to waste away the last at Valley Meadow Hospice.
He simply wants to be left alone.
His wish is not granted.
When terminally ill Kevin becomes his roommate.
Young and full  Kevin refuses to squander the precious moments.
He has left.
Deeply Sarah are devoted to making their days fun and meaningful.
Encouraged to stand up by his nurse Evelyn and stirred by the young couples zest for life  Alvin takes a chance and pursues Valerie.
Alvin confronts his fear  loneliness and regret and learns to love - maybe for the first time.
Reach attempts to tackle end of life issues  by mixing comedy and drama.
It s ensemble cast includes many award winners.
Adrienne Barbeau - Awards.
<EOS>
Dr Diane Weston is a college professor.
Who teaches English literature.
Not entirely happy  she trusts a colleague Sally with her desire of an adventurous life.
She is nt bothered.
She is not getting a lot from her husband Carl and teenage daughter Tess.
Jeff is a transfer student.
He moved.
He immediately falls with Diane and explains.
She reminds him.
She initially denies his attempts to seduce her and focuses.
However   she agrees to accompany Jeff.
When he cancels a romantic trip to attend a tennis match with Tess.
Unwantedly feeling attracted  she agrees to sleep with him  but soon regrets this decision.
She immediately ends their affair.
He is nt willing to stop seeing her and shows aggressive behavior.
Diane soon notices.
He even goes as far.
She later threatens to step.
He responds.
He will tell Carl if she does.
She starts to collect information.
He is continuing to harass her.
She eventually finds out.
The death was a suicide  although Jeff was the prime suspect of murder for a long time.
She is further on shocked to hear.
Ann was his college professor.
Afraid.
What will happen.
Who advices her to admit what happened.
Later that day  she finds out.
Jeff dropped out and moved town.
Diane finally thinks.
Her life will turn back  until it turns out that Tess  new boyfriend Jack is actually Jeff.
She threatens to kill him.
He ever sees Tess again and later forbids her.
The next day  she pretends to be to help him get counseling  but finds out later.
Day that he went with Carl and Tess to go shooting.
Worried  she admits everything to Carl upon their return.
Upset  Carl sends her away.
She is soon harassed.
She tries to run away.
He catches her and admits.
They threaten to fall off  but are rescued.
Jeff is arrested.
Diane reunites.
<EOS>
The film is about bullying  friendship  and soccer.
Don  a 12-year old boy  is the main character.
Don s best friend is Milos.
Milos boasts.
Who supposedly protects him and is a sportsman.
However  this brother is already missing several years.
He is probably dead.
Don confronts him.
Initially this shocks Milos.
Henri is the worst bully.
Don gains respect.
He organizes a football team.
Several former bullies become friends.
Don even invites his worst enemy  Henri  to join.
He plays well.
And off Henri is in the team   he is team leader.
When he is.
When not  Don is.
Milos is so afraid.
He seems to be.
However  he can run fast  and is assigned the task to stay  making him ineffective.
Don gets little support   he is blamed for fighting.
When he comes home beaten up.
They are about to send him.
When this happens a second time.
However  the whole class comes  led by Milos  to the house  and asks the parents to allow Don to stay.
The parents give in.
Don says also that he wants to stay.
They win by unfair tactics such as kicking their opponents.
Henri refuses to shake hands.
However  he does one positive thing  he makes good.
He gets it.
<EOS>
The movie beigns.
Ravindra Narayan is a brainy individual.
Who believes.
He gets about his attitude and challenges him.
He would convert INR10.
He happens to meet Bittu.
Who drops him.
Ravi inadvertently reveals his plan.
However his plans turn upside down.
When police raid the location and is caught.
Ravi guesstimates.
Bittu could have diverted the Police  and that he is about to commit a robbery.
He convinces Raja Manikyam.
Bittu is planning to rob the bank.
Both go to catch him.
Bittu successfully robs.
The bank and his brother Laala takes the money  as the Police follow them.
However Police catch Lala.
Who resists them only to be killed.
Police try to trace the money.
Meanwhile Bittu gets arrested  but is rescued by his sidekick Devayani.
They go to collect the money.
Bittu is shocked.
The dumping yard is burnt.
Having his brother dead and the money burnt  Bittu decides to kill Ravi.
Raja Manikyam sends Ravi to Hyderabad under Witness Protection Program and makes him to stay at his friend ACP Sitaram s house.
ACP Sitaram is a cowardly cop.
Who is afraid.
One day  Ravi happens to see Madhu  a middle class girl  an associate.
Who works.
He prepares fake passports.
Ravi befriends Madhu and both fall with each other.
Ravi steals Madhu s identity card.
Leads Sitaram and him to know all the details  suffering from Vertigo to help him escape easily.
Ravi & Sitaram go  with Sitaram of the impression.
Bittu would go.
However  Bittu plays a trick and escapes through other route.
Ravi  however  outwits Bittu and forces Sitaram to go.
Ravi & Bittu confront each other.
Bittu threatens to kill Madhu.
However  Devayani forces Bittu to abandon Madhu.
Bittu is surrounded.
They escape.
Bittu vows by targeting his family.
He decides to kidnap Ravi s family.
Ravi shifts his family.
He could.
Frustrated  Bittu seeks the help to help him escape to abroad.
But Varadarajulu tells him.
He is helpless.
Enraged  Bittu kills him.
But Varada Rajulu tells the truth.
He and Raja Manikyam had the custody.
Bittu makes a deal in a car blast with Manikyam faking his death.
Ravi gets arrested but is released by Sitaram.
Ravi realizes the foul play and also.
Manikyam too is involved.
Meanwhile  Ravi s family is kidnapped.
Ravi manages to save his family but not.
` Travel  Murthy shot his father.
Narayan Murthy is shifted to ICU.
Where he prods Ravi to restore the 1500 Cr.
Meanwhile  Ravi s sister is kidnapped.
Ravi gets to know the location through ` Travel  Murthy.
He leaves.
Ravi finds.
The whole money is being transported by Bittu to the sea port.
He finds out the right container and the driver.
He uses his sharp wit to divert the container and makes it stop.
Which the money was stolen.
Bittu is confronted.
A fight arises.
Sitaram shoots Bittu.
He tries to kill Ravi.
Ravi comes to know the location of his sister and Devayani and saves his Sister.
Sitaram apprehends Devayani.
The film ends.
<EOS>
Set  the film focuses on successful middle-aged businessman Harry Allen.
Who is having an affair.
Feeling rejuvenated  he confides in his best friend Richard Langley and encourages him to visit his mistress.
Order to alleviate her loneliness.
Richard complies and immediately finds.
Himself attracted.
Richard discovers Harry s wife.
Pat  oblivious  is engaged in an affair of her own with John OBrien.
Anxious to cement his blossoming relationship  Richard separately urges Harry and Pat to remain with each other.
Harry  however  is determined to marry Kay.
Certain divorce would hurt and humiliate Pat too much  he decides to kill her.
She takes.
He visits Kay.
Who unexpectedly ends their relationship.
Harry departs  then returns to ask.
He has sent her  only to discover Kay.
Realization sets in.
Harry races home to stop his wife.
He finds his wife sleeping  thinking she consumed the poison.
When Harry returns home.
Harry walks and opens it.
He is startled waking up and saying  You re home early  is everything all right honey.
Harry looks out the window and sees John OBrien running away from the house.
Getting dressed.
It was implied.
Harry comes to know about Pat s infidelity.
Harry never confronts her  maybe consumed.
Richard and Kay eventually wed and become part.
Includes John OBrien and his wife.
Harry and Pat continue to be.
<EOS>
Na-nan  soon to turn 30  is.
She has been dumped  then gets demoted at work from designer to restaurant manager.
She relies on her best friend  promiscuous party girl.
Who shares an apartment.
Eventually Na-nan attracts the attention.
The two start dating.
But  she must choose.
When she learns that Su-heon is being transferred.
<EOS>
This film follows.
Two primary characters  Ace X and Kid Velvet  played.
These two characters are members  named Super Hero Central.
Who live.
They transform to takedown a Hollywood crime lord  named Rinaldi.
The third primary character is an unnamed character  played by Donald G.
Jackson.
This character goes.
The fourth  also unnamed  primary character is played.
This character is a spiritual teacher.
Who sends Shaw.
The other primary characters are a reporter  Linda Marshall and a police commissioner  Commissioner Beckman.
Who appear.
The reporter is seen  reporting on the crime activities taking place in Hollywood  interviewing the police commissioner  and also interacting with the band members.
She is eventually captured.
Set the climax into motion.
<EOS>
An aged gangster  Big Mac  is planning a robbery.
He wants the experienced Roy Earle  just released by a governor s pardon  to lead the heist and to take charge of the operation.
Roy drives to meet up with the three men  Louis Mendoza   plus Red and Babe.
Who will assist him.
Who works.
Who are already living.
Babe has brought.
Roy wants to send Marie back  but  after some argument  she convinces Roy to let her stay.
Roy also is adopted.
Marie falls.
He plans and executes the robbery.
He does not reciprocate.
Roy met the family of Velma  a young woman with a deformed foot.
Who walks.
Roy pays to allow Velma to walk normally.
Roy asks Velma to marry him.
She is recovering.
She refuses  explaining.
She is engaged.
Roy turns.
When Velma s fiance arrives.
They become lovers.
The heist goes wrong.
When they are interrupted.
Mendoza  Red  and Babe are involved  Red and Babe die.
Mendoza talks.
A dragnet is put out  identifying him to the public as Mad Dog Roy Earle.
Roy and Marie leave town.
The two fugitives separate.
Order to allow Marie time to escape.
Roy is pursued.
He climbs one  where he holes up overnight.
Roy trades shots with the police.
He hears Pard barking  runs out calling Marie s name and is shot dead by a sharpshooter.
<EOS>
A drama set leading up to the 2008 Presidential election  and centered on a high-end Manhattan call girl meeting the challenges of her boyfriend  her clients  and her work.
Chelsea is a New York escort.
Who specializes.
She finds  and are troubled.
Lately her clients are spending less and less.
They raise frequently.
She is also interviewed.
Who quizzes her.
She goes to client performing her services.
<EOS>
George Malley is an amiable auto mechanic.
Who lives.
Standing outside sees.
What appears to be a set and knock him off his feet.
Suggest. 
When entering the bar nobody heard the sound or saw the light and playfully.
He s had too much to drink.
He starts to experience an extraordinary form of genius-level intelligence  easily absorbing vast amounts of information  formulating new  revolutionary ideas  and even exhibiting telekinetic abilities.
He can not sleep and mostly sits up all night reading 2 or 3 books about things.
He s always wanted to learn about.
George tries to use his new intelligence.
Folks are intrigued and amused by George s new abilities.
Community members gradually become afraid  with the only exceptions being love interest Lace Pennamin  town physician Doc Brunder  and best friend Nate Pope.
They increase.
Things become even more difficult.
His friend.
He heard which they genuinely believed.
Nate is released.
George remains.
He is ultimately released.
When he threatens to tell the press the FBI are holding him.
George wants to publicize his revolutionary findings to make people s lives better  instead  the townsfolk are more interested in seeing a display of his telekinesis  and a frenzied press conference ensues  overwhelming George and knocking him down.
Participating. 
Another great flash appears to George.
He loses consciousness.
He awakens.
Where Dr Brunder explains what s been causing his change.
He has an astrocytoma brain tumor everywhere.
Has spread out  with threads of it.
But   so far it has been stimulating it.
Thus  George has more area ever tested because of the tentacles from the tumor.
The tumor is claimed to be.
What caused the dizziness and illusion  rather than a mystical or extraterrestrial source.
This is never definitively concluded  leaving the viewer to speculate.
George does nt have much time to live.
Government-employed doctors propose cutting George s life even shorter.
He can die a natural death.
If he objects itself would be proof that he is mentally unfit to make such a decision  and that the government should thus proceed with the examination anyway.
Held.
Until the government can put its plan.
He hopes.
Seismologist Dr Ringold   might continue his experiments and  ultimately  complete the research he will never get to finish.
George gives Nate notes.
Basically served and gives him other notes to deliver to Doc Brunder.
He then retrieves his scientific research and runs.
There  he aims to give his final farewells  Al and Glory.
They are emotionally overwhelmed.
When the children realize that George has returned there to die.
The boy runs off.
George goes  and comforts them by using an apple as a metaphor  no matter and decay  but  the apple would become a part of them.
What  an apple will rot.
Thrown. 
They were to take a bite out.
They would carry it forever.
He expresses the last wishes of a terminally ill man -  as well as easing their sadness at his inevitable departure.
He hopes to leave those with some of his love and wisdom.
Later that day  George lays out a blanket.
Where he and Lace then lie down together to make love.
Finally  later that same day  George tells her.
They re that his moment of death is imminent.
Lace professes her love for him.
He quietly dies.
Dr Ringold arrives the next morning to speak again.
He is too late.
Lace gives him George s incomplete research notebooks  indicating.
He d hoped Ringold would be able to finish the scientific work.
We see George s best friend Nate driving through a mass corn field as a result of George s insecticide and pesticide he developed during his peak of intellegence combating claims of Nate earlier in the film.
Nothing could grow.
The movie ends with some of his friends.
<EOS>
The story tells.
Aubyn an invalid wife and mother she knows.
Who uses dictatorial control.
Leah s family forgive her temperament due  yet she exploits that fact fully.
Eventually her behavior leaves her alone and.
Yet  she insists upon controlling all.
Finally  she engineers her own death.
<EOS>
Scott Carey  is a businessman.
Who is Louise on a boat off the California coast.
A large  strange cloud passes over the craft  leaving a reflective mist on Scott s bare skin.
When Louise goes momentarily.
Louise is slightly alarmed.
When she comes.
The two are puzzled.
Disappears as quickly as it had it shown up.
However  one morning six months later  Scott  -LCB- -LCB- convert -RCB- -RCB- tall and 190 pounds  notices.
Who is normally.
His shirt and slacks seem too big and blames it.
He believes and sees his physician  Dr Bramson.
This trend continues.
He is shrinking.
Who reassures him that he is and that people just do nt get shorter.
Louise also dismisses his fears as silly  stating.
He has simply been losing weight.
He continues to lose height as well as weight.
Louise becomes concerned.
When Scott points out that she no longer needs to tiptoe to kiss him.
Several visits results in x-ray proof.
Scott is   getting smaller.
His doctor refers him.
Scott and his team of new doctors learn.
The mist to which he was exposed was radioactive.
This  combined to a large amount of common insecticide four months later  has set off a chain-reaction  forcing a proportionate diminution.
Has enabled a rearranging  causing his cells to shrink his body.
Scott continues to both shrink proportionately.
His story hits the headlines.
He becomes a national curiosity.
He can no longer drive a car  and has to give up his job working.
Who encourages him to make some money off by selling it to the national press.
He begins keeping a journal  to be published.
Scott feels humiliated and expresses his shame.
Things continue.
Who is reduced.
Then  it seems  an antidote is found  it arrests his shrinking and weighs 52 pounds.
When he is 36 1/2 inches tall.
He is told.
He will never return unless a cure is found  and that the antidote will only arrest the shrinking.
Still  he tries to become content to remain a three-foot tall adult and accept this prognosis.
He runs out of the house  his first time being outside since he sold his story.
He meets and becomes friends with a female midget named Clarice.
Who is proportionately his equal.
She is appearing and persuades him.
Life is nt all negative being their size.
Inspired  he begins to work again.
Two weeks later   he suddenly notices.
He has become even shorter  meaning the antidote has stopped working.
Exasperated  he runs away  ending his brief friendship.
Scott becomes more tyrannical with Louise  simultaneously wanting courage to end.
What he calls his wretched existence.
He is attacked one day.
When Louise has quickly left.
Winds up accidentally trapped.
Returning to find a bloody scrap  Louise tearfully assumes.
Her husband has met his end.
His undignified death is announced.
Meanwhile  Scott then goes.
Is a cavernous  inhospitable world.
He battles a voracious spider  his own hunger  and the fear.
He may eventually shrink down.
Now so small  he accepts his fate and is resigned.
He can escape the basement.
What awaits him.
He knows  but  no matter  he concludes.
He will eventually shrink.
Small he becomes.
He will still matter.
This thought gives him comfort and ends his fears.
<EOS>
Mao Xiaobing  a water bottle delivery boy  is also in love with the movies.
One day  however   he is attacked.
Riding his bike.
Lands him.
Ling-Ling is promptly arrested  but refuses to say.
She attacked Mao Xiaobing  asking him only to feed her fish.
However  Mao Xiaobing finds.
Ling-Ling has created a veritable shrine.
The film flashes back as a young woman in Ningxia.
When he stumbles and begins reading.
Her mother had been working and subsequently abandoned by her lover.
When she became pregnant.
Branded a counter-revolutionary  she travels.
Where she befriends Pan  a movie-projectionist where the two eventually marry.
Ling-Ling meanwhile  thinks.
Her real father is a movie star.
Mao Xiaobing had been hit  and so Ling-Ling s mother took care of him for some days.
Mao Xiaobing had been sent away to live.
When Ling-Ling s mother and Pan marry.
Mao had been a troublemaker.
Ling-Ling later recalls the time.
They were apart as miserable  saying also that the arrival was disgusting.
It is later revealed.
Ling-Ling learns to accept her younger brother.
The acceptance is short lived.
Mao Xiaobing later realizes.
She has been watching.
He asks.
Ling-Ling is now deaf.
Recalling the events  Pan explains.
Bing-Bing had lied.
Both then went up to the rooftop.
Where she and Mao Xiaobing would watch the movies.
She would leave.
Pan then hits Ling-Ling  leaving her deaf in both ears.
The event severely traumatizes.
She runs away not too long.
Living alone  she looks around and finds.
Both her parents have moved  not too far from where she lives now.
She finds a puppy and decides to name it.
She leaves the puppy.
It triggered Ling-Ling s memories  hence she attacked Mao Xiaobing.
When Mao Xiaobing had accidentally knocked  consequently killing the puppy.
Finding out  Mao Xiaobing pays Ling-Ling a visit.
Where the mental institution is.
He reveals his identity.
She is reunited watching an old movie on the same screen.
She grew up watching.
<EOS>
Bimbo prepares to rob a train.
He has forced to stop.
He then sings The Holdup Rag.
A ferocious bearded cowboy emerges  eats the barrel  and  pulling off his beard and costume  reveals himself to in fact be his wife Dangerous Nan McGrew.
Whom he had abandoned.
She then throws Bimbo  disconnects it from the rest of the train.
They drive off.
<EOS>
The film follows Stephen  a brilliant young scientist.
Who lives in what appears to be the.
His world is turned upside down.
Who demonstrates.
He then proceeds to explain.
Time travel may actually be possible.
Events lead him to dedicate himself.
Stephen s life unfolds.
Jealousy  love  obsession  temptation and greed surround him  influencing his fragile mind and the direction.
<EOS>
Captain Blackbird meets the beautiful Lorna.
However  Lorna is promised.
She and her lover Lloyd Warren beg the captain.
He refuses.
<EOS>
Painfully shy Sheila Levine moves to New York City.
Where she shares an apartment.
She meets Sam  a doctor.
When Sheila goes.
Who is looking.
She is very attracted.
He is interested.
Sheila goes back to New York with the intent of winning Sam over  but finds.
He and her roommate are engaged.
<EOS>
Anital Halstead goes to see a magic act performed after her bridal shower for her wedding to Don Burns.
Anita and Tony are immediately attracted and get married.
She becomes his assistant.
One night  Tony becomes drunk and boasts.
He will jump out.
He first tries to get out with a fake cast on his arm.
When she prints his claim.
He goes through  freeing himself in mid-air and parachuting safely to the ground.
When he sees the thousands.
He promises Anita and performs it repeatedly.
He will not attempt the dangerous stunt again  but soon breaks his word.
Anita becomes weary and longs to settle down and start a family.
Secretly  she sells her jewelry and has a house built.
She shows Tony a picture.
When it is completed.
His disinterested reaction stops her.
It is theirs.
She finally gives up.
When he signs up rather than take the vacation he had promised.
She leaves him and gets a divorce.
Anita s grandfather  Bishop Peabody  breaks the news.
Anita is surprised to run into her old fiance Don.
She gets the ship s captain to marry them.
However  she spends their honeymoon night.
The next night  Don insists.
The entertainment is none other  with his old assistant  Lola De Vere.
He soon persuades Bingham to let him perform at a resort  much to Anita s discomfort.
Mrs Bingham has a dilemma though.
They have not booked enough rooms to provide separate bedrooms.
Tony suggests he and Don share one room.
Anita and Lola take the other.
Tony tries unsuccessfully to persuade Anita to take him back.
Meanwhile  the hapless Don becomes sick.
The doctor prescribes no physical activity.
Bishop Peabody is told.
Anita s divorce is not legal.
Later  he informs his granddaughter.
Tony will be doing his parachute stunt that day.
She attends.
Tony tells his valet and friend Benton.
He hid a lockpick  but goes ahead with the trick anyway.
He frees himself dangerously close.
Anita rushes.
He is pulled unconscious out.
They are reconciled.
When he regains consciousness.
They enter their Connecticut home.
<EOS>
Albert Einstein  the son  splits a beer atom with a chisel in order to add bubbles to beer  discovers the theory of relativity and travels to Sydney to patent it.
He invents the electric guitar and surfing while romancing Marie Curie.
There. 
He invents rock and roll and uses it to save the world.
<EOS>
The Romans plan to capture Getafix to keep him.
Obelix accidentally puts Getafix out of action with a menhir.
The impact of which causes amnesia and insanity.
A major storm sweeps named.
The Gauls come.
Prolix seeks shelter.
He quickly deceives the more credulous villagers and.
The storm passes he sets up nearby.
Asterix and Vitalstatistix desperately attempt to have Getafix brew the potion  resulting -- alerting the Romans.
Something is up.
They send a camouflaged  and very reluctant  spy to investigate.
He is quickly captured and used.
However one makes him lighter than air causing him to float away.
He reports their problem.
The Romans send a patrol to investigate  and come back instead  however the villagers think.
The sceptical Asterix has driven him off.
The centurion is quickly convinced.
Prolix is genuine and decides to use him to chase away the villagers.
Soon Prolix appears Asterix  Obelix and a still crazed and potion brewing Getafix leave  going to a nearby island.
The village is not abandoned -- all but.
Meanwhile Getfix brews a truly noxious potion.
Whose vapours engulf the village  driving off the Romans who had quickly moved  but also convincing them that the soothsayer had real abilities since the smell matched his prediction of pestilence.
He is cured.
When Getafix accidentally tastes some.
Getafix brews the magic potion and convinces the villagers to test the soothsayer s reliability.
The soothsayer is menhired  the centurion demoted.
The village goes back.
<EOS>
Robert L.
Talbot  an American millionaire  arrives early at his luxurious Italian villa.
His long-time girlfriend Lisa has given up waiting  and has decided to marry another man.
Him to pop the question.
Meanwhile  his sneaky major domo Maurice secretly misappropriates the villa.
Talbot is away.
The current guests are a group of young American girls trying to fend off a gang of oversexed boys  led by Tony.
<EOS>
Shy  introverted  and kind-hearted Surinder Suri Sahni is an office employee.
He meets the daughter during the preparations for her wedding.
A short while later  the shocking news arrives.
Her fiance and his wedding entourage were killed.
Taani s father suffers a heart attack.
Fearing  requests Suri to marry her.
Taani will be alone.
Suri silently concedes  Taani tearfully agrees.
He likes her anyway.
Suri takes Taani to his ancestral home in Amritsar.
He is too frightened to profess his love.
His good nature leads Suri to treat her  by letting her have his bedroom all to herself  and patience.
Taani tells him.
While she will try to be a good wife and thus respect her role  she can never love him due to having no love left within her.
Suri  least bothered and grateful.
She does show.
These include regular evening trips.
Appeal about romance.
She soon asks.
He grants  to take an expensive dance class  to unwind from her mundane life at home.
Suri realizes the strong  masculine images.
Taani admires and later asks his long-time chum Balwinder Bobby Khosla  a hair-salon owner  so as to win her love.
Bobby gives him a complete makeover -- shaving off his mustache  modding his hairstyle  fitting him out including aviator-style shades with oversize pastel lenses.
Suri is thus transformed.
He borrows that Taani had admired.
He joins the dance class to be.
He becomes Taani s partner in the competition.
He puts it.
Attempts to emulate the cool images.
They work together.
Suri feels encouraged.
When Taani does not tie a rakhi during the festival of Raksha Bandhan.
Thus   Raj declares his love for her.
Taani is shocked  to say the least  and enters.
Suri also faces a dilemma  Taani s misery to her delight with his fabricated alter ego  Raj.
He thus attempts to win Taani s love.
Only alienates her further.
She eventually runs away to find Raj to tell him the predicament.
She is  hoping he will help her.
He offers to elope.
She agrees  tearfully.
They set the date to the next night  the night of the competition.
Later that night  Suri tells Bobby.
He will end the charade.
E. 
Sacrifice his cravings  leave her his property and transfer himself to Delhi.
Suri takes Taani to the Golden Temple to gain God s blessings for her performance that night and  internally  also for her life with Raj.
Taani has a realization.
There. 
Which she believes God has shown her a sign that her marriage is divinely inspired.
She reflects on her husband and becomes aware of the strength and integrity of Suri s character  something.
She can grow to love.
Taani thus tells Raj.
She can not choose him.
She leaves him.
What appears to be a state with tears in his eyes.
Taani is stunned to see Suri joining her on stage.
When the time comes.
A series awakens to the fact.
Dancing Taani puts two and two together and through.
Suri is Raj.
Backstage she confronts Suri.
She tearfully admits.
When he confesses his love.
She returns his feelings.
The two  having won the competition  head off.
<EOS>
Agnee is a family action drama featuring Mithun Chakraborty and Chunky Pandey  supported by Amrita Singh  Mandakini  Moushumi Chatterjee  Anupam Kher and Alok Nath.
<EOS>
Albert is the chauffeur and lover.
Albert is forced.
When Sills finds another.
Stella is a real estate agent.
Who knows Sills and Albert.
She finds Albert squatting.
She offers Albert to spend the night.
The next day  she goes to work  expecting Albert to move out.
Instead Albert cleans her cluttered house and cooks a fantastic dinner.
They agree.
Albert can stay longer and perform domestic duties while Stella continues working.
Albert also gets a part-time job.
The next night  Stella has a date.
Does Albert realize.
When the two kiss.
Stella is a lesbian.
Chris spends the night.
Phyllis  another lover of Stella  storms into the house and finds Stella in bed with Chris.
Stella apologizes.
They do not break off their relationship.
Albert has found a new lover  Roger.
He met.
Stella and Albert find.
They continue their separate homosexual relationships.
They enjoy spending more time.
Stella s parents visit one day and come.
She and Albert are dating.
One day  immigration agents arrive asking.
Who is an illegal alien.
Stella marries him to prevent his deportation.
They have sex for the first time and enjoy it.
When they are both drunk.
They sleep in the same bed and begin acting like a heterosexual married couple.
Stella becomes pregnant and eventually tells Phyllis.
Who has been distraught.
Phyllis becomes suicidal  so Stella and Albert break and find her with a gun.
She threatens to kill Stella and fires.
The gun is not loaded.
Phyllis bursts.
Later the baby is born.
They move.
Albert begins a job.
Stella puts her job to raise the baby.
Stella becomes jealous.
Albert may be having a homosexual affair.
She sneaks and finds Albert naked in the shower not with Ned  but with a female model.
Stella moves out and threatens a divorce.
Albert tries to apologize numerous times and gives one final try.
When Stella is showing a property.
He drives away.
When she does nt accept him again.
She changes her mind.
He crashes his motorcycle.
She can say anything.
She runs over  full.
He is not seriously hurt.
<EOS>
The movie starts out.
Who is.
Tanikelli gets killed.
Who is one.
Peddhanna is the biggest goon.
He has 3 major followers.
Who murder people.
The other henchman just kidnap the wanted.
These followers are  Jairam  Bhagavan  and Nanda.
The next scene introduces Satya  getting and getting involved in a fight   and Peddhanna.
Is. 
Satya helps GK.
Who makes him his partner.
Here  they find out.
Satya is very money minded.
GK s love  Sirisha   gets captured  and falls in love with him.
Who does not love GK back.
Brahmanandam is another important character.
Who s major role is flirting.
Priyamani enters  being chased by rowdies.
Obviously  Satya beats them up  and finds.
That the rowdies are Pedhanna s rowdies.
She does not know.
Later  her whole family is introduced.
Satya tells good tactics  to fight Peddhanna.
Jairam captures Sirisha  and GK captures Jairam.
Not wasting any time  Satya kills Jairam.
Once again  Sirisha falls deeper.
Satya gets another warning  to join him.
Satya does not.
Ashtalakshmi  then  also falls with him.
Later  Sirisha takes Satya to meet his friends.
She talks.
Whose face is not shown.
Satya takes Ashtalakshmi on a date with him.
Was supposed to be his date.
Satya is cornered and goes  and kills him  and his son.
Satya thinks.
He joined the goon s gang.
It is.
The movie jumps.
Where they find out that Satya is an orphan  taken by a loving doctor  who is like Mother Teresa.
The people  Kadapa  worship this doctor.
An election is taking place.
The people want the Dr to decide.
Who to vote.
Devyander  a political campaigner and  kidnaps Dr s daughter  to make sure.
Who also has the support.
She tells everyone to vote.
However  she does nt.
Satya enters  and beats up Devyander s men.
It is later found out.
He has to get 72 crores to keep the Dr s hospital running  as Devyander s dad donated the money  to open the hospital.
He also kills the doctor.
So  to get the money and to take revenge.
Who killed the doctor.
Satya is back in his house and is dealing with Ashtalakshmi s parents.
Who are weeping uncontrollably.
He finds out.
Peddhanna s men long ago kidnapped Ashtalakshmi s elder brother.
That is.
They came.
But   they ask Satya to help.
They can not find him.
Satya goes  and frees him.
Where her brother is held.
Then he finds out.
Ashtalakshmi is not who she says she is  and actually robbed 120 crores with the help of her brother.
The rest is.
Satya gets the money and figures out the link.
<EOS>
Matt Riddlehoover wrote  directed  edited and stars about a gay playwright.
Who feeds off his stubborn attraction.
Success seems guaranteed.
When he attracts the attention who will champion his work.
He meets her boyfriend - played.
The film excels.
His timing is impressive.
He was also directing himself.
Winner.
<EOS>
Balachandran  an accountant  is also someone with deep passion for books and literature.
He is a bachelor  keeping himself shut.
Residing at a lodge in Kochi  Balachandran had also started writing a novel  but could not go forward due to writing block.
Shivadasan  a publisher  happens to read the initial parts  and is much enthusiastic about publishing this work.
He persuades Balachandran to complete the work as fast.
He could  so that it could be published.
Shivadasan is confident.
Balachandran asks Shivadasan to hand over certain amount to one girl named Fathima.
Who is suffering.
Balachandran is financially supporting Fatima.
Not have ever seen her.
She respects and admires him.
One day Balachandran gets a call after long years.
She was his girl friend  but could nt get married due to social and financial difference between the families.
She was married  and is now separated from him.
The arrival brings a new light into his life.
They talk  and shares their feelings.
He is then carried back.
Balachandran  completes his novel.
Shivadasan is all set to publish this work.
Balachandran plans to arrive.
Also he has plans to meet Padma.
He   sell of his land.
But that night  Faisal Babu  the owner is arrested by police for terror charges.
He is taken.
They found no evidence  and had no proof against him.
He is a Muslim.
Balachandran reaches the station to enquire  and is ill treated by the inspector.
He is poked fun.
Police blames him.
Balachandran loses control and replies back emotionally.
The senior officer  suddenly decides to release Faisal Babu along.
Who arrives.
He boards a bus that night with the cash and his novel in the bag.
But the next morning a bomb explodes is one among those.
Who got killed.
<EOS>
The first part explains the origin of Islamism and.
It shows Egyptian civil servant Sayyid Qutb  depicted  visiting the U.
S.
To learn.
Becoming disgusted.
What he saw in western society through individualism.
He is disturbed under Gamal Abdel Nasser and becomes convinced.
When he returns.
In order to save society it must be completely restructured while still using western technology.
He also becomes convinced.
This can only be accomplished to lead a revolution against the established order.
Qutb becomes a leader and  after being tortured in one of Nasser s jails  comes to believe.
Western-Influenced leaders can justly be killed.
Qutb is executed.
He influences the future mentor  to start his own secret Islamist group.
Inspired  Zawahiri and his allies assassinate Egyptian president Anwar Al Sadat  in 1981  in hopes of starting their own revolution.
The revolution does not materialise.
Zawahiri comes to believe  but Muslims themselves have been affected and thus.
The majority have been corrupted not only by their western-inspired leaders.
Both may be legitimate targets if they do not join him.
They continued to have the belief.
A vanguard was necessary to rise up and overthrow the corrupt regime and replace.
A group of disillusioned liberals  including Irving Kristol and Paul Wolfowitz  look to the political thinking of Leo Strauss after the perceived failure of President Johnson s Great Society.
They come.
The emphasis was the undoing of the plan.
They envisioned restructuring America  and set about creating a mythical enemy.
These factions  the Neo-Conservatives  came Dick Cheney and Donald Rumsfeld  and work to unite the United States in fear of the Soviet Union.
The Neo-Conservatives allege  and   they accumulate a case to prove this with dubious evidence and methods.
The Soviet Union is not following the terms.
President Reagan is convinced nonetheless.
Islamist factions  rapidly falling under the more radical influence of Zawahiri and his rich Saudi acolyte Osama bin Laden  join the Neo-Conservative-influenced Reagan Administration to combat the Soviet Union s invasion of Afghanistan.
Both groups believe.
When the Soviets eventually pull out and when the Eastern Bloc begins to collapse.
They are the primary architects.
Curtis argues  and were doomed to collapse.
The Soviets were anyway.
However  the Islamists see.
It quite differently  and believe that they had the power to create ` pure  Islamic states in Egypt and Algeria.
However  attempts to create perpetual Islamic states are blocked.
The Islamists then try to create revolutions by the use of terrorism to scare the people into rising up.
However  the people were terrified.
The Algerian government uses their fear.
The Islamists declare the entire populations of the countries as inherently contaminated by western values  and finally in Algeria turn on each other  each believing.
Other terrorist groups are not pure enough Muslims either.
The Neo-Conservatives  aspirations to use the United States military power for further destruction of evil are thrown off track by the ascent of George H.
W.
Bush  followed by the 1992 election of Bill Clinton leaving them out of power.
The Neo-Conservatives   attempt to demonise Clinton throughout his presidency with various real and fabricated stories of corruption and immorality.
However  the American people do not turn against Clinton.
The Islamist attempts  leaving the Islamists without popular support.
Zawahiri and bin Laden flee and declare a new strategy  to fight Western-inspired moral decay they must deal a blow to its source  the United States.
The final episode addresses the actual rise.
Curtis argues.
Bin Laden and Zawahiri had little or no popular support  let alone a serious complex organisation of terrorists  and were dependent upon independent operatives to carry out their new call for jihad.
However  the film argues that to prosecute bin Laden in absentia for the 1998 U.
S.
Embassy bombings  US prosecutors had to prove he was the head.
They find a former associate and pay him to testify.
Bin Laden was the head.
Bush use this created concept.
The Neo-Conservatives focus inwards  searching unsuccessfully.
The American invasion fails to uproot the alleged terrorist network.
They then extend the war to a war against general perceived evils with the invasion of Iraq in.
The ideas and tactics also spread.
Where Tony Blair uses the threat to give him a new moral authority.
The repercussions are also explored with an investigation of indefinitely-detained terrorist suspects in Guantanamo Bay.
Allegedly taken without actual investigation on the part of the United States military.
Other forms made simply on the grounds.
The parties involved could later become a threat.
Curtis also makes a specific attempt to allay fears  and concludes by reassuring viewers.
Others altogether devoid.
When all the grand ideas have lost credibility.
Have left to maintain their power.
<EOS>
Spoiled  pompous  self-involved  he has run and is completely unequipped to provide for himself.
Henry Graham has a big problem.
His childhood guardian  Uncle Harry  refuses to give him a dime.
Henry  unwilling to exercise the only solution devises a plan.
He can think.
He can obtain money the old-fashioned way -- he can marry it.
Henry has just six weeks to find a rich bride and repay the money.
Otherwise he must forfeit all to his uncle.
Desperation sets.
All fail.
Henry bumps into clumsy  painfully shy heiress Henrietta Lowell.
She is the answer.
Henrietta s suspicious lawyer is a problem.
Is his own distaste.
He considers the latter to be a temporary inconvenience  however.
He plans to do away as soon as possible.
Murder never far  Henry takes charge of his wife s life.
He reorganizes her household staff.
Has been taking advantage.
Henrietta is completely disorganized and welcomes Henry s guidance.
A botany professor  Henrietta discovers a new species it after him.
She loves Henry and invites him to join her to a remote area.
Henry sees his opportunity to rid himself forever  knowing.
She can not swim.
The plan works perfectly  the canoe overturns and Henrietta is swept away down the river.
But as soon  the first thing is a tree fern.
Henry swims.
He finds.
He comes to the realization.
He has fallen with his victim.
He quickly rescues Henrietta and resigns himself.
<EOS>
Chungakkarum Veshyakalum is the story back.
Who emigrated some years.
Later Unnunnichayan goes to stay with his son.
He is and finds it difficult to adjust with the Canadian lifestyle.
He faced difficulties.
He does not know English or the Canadian people.
Even his son got angry with him for his mistakes or ignorant behaviour.
<EOS>
The opening uses.
The music Goes the Weasel  which already indicates that this epicurian epic will entail much comedic content.
The scene starts.
Smudge calls his wife  Chloe  to inform her.
He s bringing his boss and a customer home.
Unstressed  Chloe enters the kitchen  expecting to tell the cook  she finds a note.
There will be.
Apparently  her constant high-maintenance demands have caused her culinary queen to quit.
Chloe haplessly attempts to fix.
An hour has transpired.
Chloe has burnt the roast beef  buried the dog  and ultimately turned the kitchen into a complete disaster.
Pete Smith   asks sobbing Chloe the whereabouts of a telephone.
He decides to make a personal call.
Penny shows doubtful Chloe  mouth-watering meal.
35 minutes arrives.
To prepare a full course.
What is left.
The meal is prepared just.
Chloe greets the guests to Smudge  Psst  your cook left this morning.
Smudge s countenance drastically changes and is now  he knows.
Chloe cooks.
Smudge is surprised.
Chloe has presented.
Smith interjects.
The entire course only cost Smudge a grand total.
.
Smith also lies to Smudge saying Chloe cooked the entire meal herself.
Penny secretly sneaks away.
Chloe emphatically nods in agreement  much to her dog s disbelief.
<EOS>
Judge Foster casts out his only daughter.
She married a circus performer.
She leaves her little girl Sally in the care of her friend McGargle  a good-natured crook  juggler and faker.
Sally grows up and is unaware of her parentage.
McGargle  realizing his responsibility  gets a job with a carnival company playing at Great Meadows.
Where the Fosters live.
A real estate boom has made them wealthy.
Sally is a hit.
Peyton  the son  falls in love with Sally.
To save him  the Judge arranges to have McGargle and Sally arrested.
McGargle escapes.
Sally is hunted down and brought back.
McGargle  hearing  steals a Flivver  and after many delays  reaches the courtroom and presents proof of Sally s parentage.
The Judge dismisses  but Peyton s claim is stronger.
The case and his wife takes Sally.
She agrees to become his wife.
McGargle is persuaded to remain and is found an outlet in selling real estate.
<EOS>
360 centers of a group of people from different social backgrounds through their intertwining relationships.
Anna accompanies her sister  Mirka.
Rocco then convinces Mirka to change her name.
Which she chooses Blanca.
Anna looks of but just goes along with it.
What Mirka is doing.
They go back home riding a bus.
Where Anna comments.
Rocco calls Mirka and tells her she will meet a client named Michael Daly the next day.
She then heads and enters the restaurant.
Michael  a married man  keeps the affair not long enough.
One learn about it.
An Algerian man spies.
It is clear.
He has feelings but ca nt somehow express how he feels.
The next scene shows him talking.
He feels and still pursues on her despite knowing the fact that she is already married.
He then goes and asks for advice on.
What to do.
Rose strolls.
It turns out.
She is headed and meets up with a man named Rui she is having an affair with.
Rose is still affected.
She tells him to end their affair.
They soon end up having sex.
They part ways.
Where Rui goes back home.
He is soon rocked.
When he finds out she had left him.
He then opens the computer and watches her video.
Where it turns out that the woman who took pictures earlier is his girlfriend named Laura.
Meanwhile   we learn.
She is married.
Both then head out to their daughter s school play that night and tend to her after forgetting her lines.
Rose then recalls.
When Michael called her telling her.
She was there in Vienna.
Sex offender Tyler will be released  and is afraid of.
He s not ready to face his life.
Meanwhile  Laura boards a flight and gets to know an elderly man sitting next.
Who is searching.
They are both stranded due to the flights being cancelled for the bad weather.
Meanwhile  Tyler speaks.
He could not control himself.
He and Laura bump  however  they start a conversation.
When Laura inadvertently sits.
When the beverage is served.
Laura seems attracted and ends up offering him to stay with her in her hotel room.
The intoxicated Laura then makes sexual advancement and asks him to kiss her  instead Tyler controls himself and rebuffs her.
The next day  John chances.
Who are now departing.
They both tell.
It was a pleasure meeting one another where Laura hugs John.
John arrives to examine unidentified remains.
Could be her daughter.
John tells.
He could accept whether his daughter is alive or not and how he is willing to move on and let go.
A foreign woman named.
Valentina also shares her own story  where we learn that she was the same woman the Algerian man spied on back.
Valentina goes back home.
Where she pleads for divorce and how she is into someone else  although Sergei does nt seem to comply with her decision.
Sergei leaves Paris.
Valentina goes.
It turns out.
Her boss is the Algerian man.
They both have mutual feelings.
Valentina s boss is quite unsure.
He then talks and tells her she could pursue her career elsewhere.
Sergei fetches his boss.
He is being treated harshly.
His boss reprimands him.
When he learns he is learning English and states that it s irrelevant.
Mirka and Anna are also riding a bus going for another client of Mirka.
Sergei chances.
Whom his boss was expecting and tells her to go.
S her.
Lingering comes across Sergei when it starts to rain and let.
They then start to develop a friendly relationship.
Learning English.
Anna then persuades the ill-treated Sergei to drive.
Where he agrees.
Back  Sergei s boss notices Mirka s phone and noticed.
She called.
Thinking  he knocks Mirka unconscious and calls.
It is an security operation.
His boss asks him to cover up in the hotel.
When Sergei picks up his call.
Rocco appears.
Where the sick Sergei tricks his boss.
The boss opens the door and a fight ensues.
Sergei then leaves the hotel and picks up Anna.
They drive together.
Mirka   collects the stash.
Who gains consciousness.
The man had promised to pay her.
<EOS>
16th century Some time  Connor travels to Japan to request training from the Immortal Japanese sorcerer Nakano.
Nakano holds his residence  and has gained a reputation as a master of Illusion.
However  another Immortal named.
Kane is also interested.
He is making his way.
Order to reach Nakano again.
Entering a nearby village seeking information  they proceed to burn it  and massacre its population.
Eventually  they reach the cave.
Kane soon manages to defeat and decapitate Nakano.
However  the energies released the cave to collapse.
The Highlander manages to escape.
Kane and his men are left trapped.
Their situation prevents them.
18th century  Connor was in France.
Where he makes the acquaintance  and who happens to resemble the future Alex Johnson.
The two eventually become lovers.
However   MacLeod becomes involved.
When the French Revolution begins.
MacLeod is captured  and sentenced by guillotine for treason against King Louis XVI of France.
His Immortal friend Pierre Bouchet explains.
He was tired  and dupes the guards into executing him in his place.
Connor is falsely reported deceased.
Believing her lover dead  Sarah is left grieving.
MacLeod returns to discover.
She has moved on by marrying another man  and having children.
Modern day  Connor is living with his adopted son John in Marakesh.
It is revealed.
Brenda Wyatt  the woman he married after the Gathering  was killed in a car accident.
He still believes.
He survived the accident himself.
The Game is over.
Meanwhile   two archaeologists have started excavating a cave.
Order to discover whether the legend was based on fact.
One is Dr Alexandra Johnson.
Whose interests eventually lead her to Connor MacLeod.
Connor is intrigued due to her resemblance to Sarah.
The excavations free Kane.
Who immediately sets out.
MacLeod leaves John Jack Donovan  and then departs to New York City to engage in the final showdown for the Prize.
However.
Khabul s decapitated body is found.
John Stenn goes.
Russell Nash was the alias used during the time of the Gathering.
She discovers.
Alex investigates a piece.
It is a shred  with a design that designates a branch of the MacLeod family.
This leads her.
Where Connor has returned.
The Highlander is confronted by Kane.
Who proceeds to challenge him.
The resulting fight is a violation  the battle ends.
When MacLeod s katana blade is shattered.
Kane flees.
Connor decides to return to build another sword.
His initial attempts are unsuccessful.
Alex tracks him down to give him a bar.
She found with which he is able to forge a new sword.
The two then become lovers.
However  the trip is cut short.
MacLeod learns that his son John is on a plane bound for New York.
MacLeod returns as quickly as possible.
He s too late.
Kane abducts John  and holds.
Him hostage to lure MacLeod.
MacLeod meets Kane  and then follows him into an abandoned power plant for their final battle.
The Highlander defeats Kane  wins the Prize  and returns to Scotland with Alex and John to live out the rest of his natural life.
<EOS>
A Hong Kong touring bus and its occupants are kidnapped.
Who wish to orchestrate an exchange.
<EOS>
MGR acts.
He investigates a murder.
Forms rest.
Nagesh appears as doctor  nurse and patient.
<EOS>
Two sisters and a brother living are confronted with the care for their dementing mother.
Who they brought back from the mountains near the Black Sea where she lived.
The tensions quickly become apparent  like a Pandora s Box  all the unresolved disputes are scattered around.
The siblings start reminiscing.
Is spilled open.
The confrontation brings them to realize.
Poor their own lives are.
It is only the oldest daughters.
Rebellious son Murat who empathizes is born between the two.
<EOS>
A mysterious traveller Zekeriya arrives.
He captivates much by telling tales of a messenger on horseback named Ibrahim.
The village becomes divided.
<EOS>
Air Force pilot John Sands has been wrongfully imprisoned.
Where his memory is to be chemically wiped.
His superiors feel threatened.
He gained to operations that were deemed too sensitive for regular intelligence services.
Later  a top secret Air Force Stealth Bomber known  capable of going anywhere undetected  is stolen by corrupt Air Force pilot Ratcher.
General Tom Barnes  Sands  former commander  hears.
Sands has been arrested.
Knowing  Barnes sends Sands with fellow pilot Rick Jannick to recover the X-77  promising Sands.
Sands was Ratcher s trainer.
He will be a free man if he succeeds.
Barnes has Admiral an air attack needs to be launched.
Frank Pendleton  who is  keep a team of pilots on standby just in case.
Where the X-77 has been hidden.
A Navy SEAL team is killed.
Sands and Jannick arrive.
Was planted there to meet them.
Eliana kidnaps Jannick.
She takes him.
Who paid Ratcher $ 100 million to steal the.
Later   Sands meets up with his contacts Jessica and Rojar.
Stone was born.
It turns out.
Stone had spent his childhood  but was educated at Oxford.
Stone s mother was killed by U.
S.
Troops formed the Black Sunday terrorist group.
Eliana is Stone s.
She trains  giving Stone the foundation.
He needs.
Now  Stone plans to use the X-77 and its pinpoint precision to drop two biological warfare bombs undetected -- one on Europe  and one of them on the United States.
Stone plans to pay Ratcher another $ 100 million to fly the X-77 and drop the two bombs.
Sands  Jessica  and Rojar make plans to get and launch an attack.
Stone has about 60 heavily armed mercenaries guarding the compound.
Rojar starts a gun fight.
Sands rescues Jannick.
Ratcher shoots and kills Stone.
Sands takes.
Jessica shoots and kills Eliana.
Jannick catches Ratcher.
Sands and Jessica leave.
Ratcher manages to shoot him and get up.
Sands manages to shoot Ratcher down and return home.
<EOS>
Ray Peterson is attempting to learn more about his mysterious new next-door neighbors  the Klopeks.
One evening  Ray and Art Weingartner  the Petersons  other next-door neighbor  spy with veteran Lt.
Mark Rumsfield.
The three watch Hans Klopek drive his dilapidated Pontiac  then pull a large  heavy garbage bag from the car  place it in a garbage can and bang it with a stick.
Ray watches the Klopeks digging in their back yard with pick-axes in the middle of a rainstorm.
The following morning  Art runs out to check the contents.
It is collecting the Klopeks  can.
He is soon joined.
Their search is futile.
Bonnie Rumsfield finds neighbor Walter Seznick s dog Queenie running loose and wonders.
Walter went away.
Ray  Art  Bonnie and Ricky Butler go and find his toupee in the kitchen.
Noting signs  Art and Rumsfield begin to worry.
Ray collects Queenie and leaves a note explaining the situation.
The following night  Ray and Art have a meeting.
She  Ray  and the Rumsfields pay the Klopeks a visit  meeting Hans  Reuben and Werner.
Art snoops around.
Later that evening  Ray reveals.
He found Walter s toupee.
The trio agree to investigate the Klopeks  back yard.
When the owners leave.
The next day  Carol and son Dave go to visit Carol s sister  leaving Ray free to explore the Klopeks  backyard.
He and Ray enter the yard and begin digging.
Art disables the Klopeks  security system.
Rumsfield stands guard.
Ray and Art enter the house.
Where they discover what they believe to be a crematorium.
Ray then begins to dig.
Constitutes the basement floor  believing there may be bodies buried there.
That evening  the Klopeks drive back  only to reverse out.
When they see lights.
Not long after  Rumsfield  Art and Ricky are perturbed to see Walter return home.
Art goes.
When the Klopeks return.
Who hits a gas line.
He yells to flee right before the house explodes into flames with Ray still inside.
A disheveled Ray emerges as his wife returns.
Art talks.
Who explains that Walter had a medical problem and his family.
Walter had made arrangements to pick up his mail.
Away. 
It got picked up.
When Ray had previously slipped.
Ray snaps and declares.
The neighbors were wrong  before lunging at Art and then throwing himself into an ambulance on a gurney.
Joining Ray  Werner Klopek  thinking  attempts to murder Ray to collect his skull too  revealing.
Ray must have seen the skull of his former neighbors in the basement.
Art was right all along.
Hans assumes the role  but crashes into the Weingartners  house during the three-way struggle.
The gurney   rolls out of the ambulance and down the street.
Ray makes a citizen s arrest.
Ricky uncovers a large selection.
The Klopeks are then arrested.
The charges are dropped.
<EOS>
A young woman is heir.
The key.
It is.
Unfortunately  the woman s uncle -- her legal guardian -- has his own plans.
They do nt include sharing it.
<EOS>
Suburban Connecticut  Cathy Whitaker  appears to be the perfect wife  mother  and homemaker.
Cathy is married a company selling television advertising.
One evening Cathy receives a phone call.
Who are holding her husband.
He says.
It s all a mix up.
They wo nt let him leave alone.
Cathy is preparing with her best friend  Eleanor Fine.
One day Cathy spies an unknown black man walking.
He turns out to be Raymond Deagan  the son.
Frank finds.
Himself forced to stay late.
One evening  however  he enters an underground bar filled.
One night  Cathy decides to bring his dinner at the office.
When Frank is working late.
She walks in.
Frank confesses having had problems  and agrees to sign up for conversion therapy.
His relationship is irreparably strained  however.
He turns.
Meanwhile  Cathy starts becoming better acquainted.
One night   Frank attempts to make love to Cathy.
He is unable to become aroused and strikes Cathy.
When she tries to console him.
Cathy finds herself completely unable to comprehend the destruction.
She turns.
She sees her once-idyllic world begin to fall apart.
He takes her.
Where she meets other black people.
They are sighted together by one of Cathy s neighbors.
Who immediately tells everyone.
The town is soon ablaze.
Cathy unwillingly breaks off her blossoming friendship.
Her husband comes home furious.
Cathy takes her family on a vacation to Miami to take their minds off of things.
Frank has another sexual encounter with a young man.
Unable to suppress his desires  he seeks a divorce.
Cathy is later informed.
Raymond s daughter was attacked.
Cathy comes.
She presents the opportunity to be together.
That Cathy is to be single.
Raymond declines.
I ve learned my lesson  he says.
Cathy goes to the train station to see off Raymond and say her silent goodbye to him.
<EOS>
To overcome his girlfriend s suicide  Ananthan  a troubled teacher  moved to teach students good behavior.
Later he meet Sreedevi.
Who helped him to recover.
She had also lost her boyfriend Balu but was murdered.
Who was a teacher.
<EOS>
Adventures on the shores of the Mediterranean.
<EOS>
An Indian girl wants the freedom to choose her own destiny and the love.
Her mother wants to marry her off.
The film portrays an intriguing mix  and addresses one of the most important issues in contemporary Muslim culture  women s rights  veils and burkas.
<EOS>
The short opens.
Little Kitty is absent.
A poster is shown explaining.
The school children are sponsoring a musical and recital.
The school talent show first features Porky Pig reciting Paul Revere s Ride  but due.
A small gag involves Porky pointing to offstage students to provide sound effects The Charge of the Light Brigade.
However  he points  but the intended student takes his cue.
Porky points.
The class children whistle and cat-call burst out.
Makes several stray dogs.
Next up  Little Kitty attempts to recite.
Mary Had a Little Lamb.
She is so nervous.
She forgets a couple lines and then proceeds but gradually speeds up her voice to a high pitch.
She is fidgeting and crossing her legs in a way to suggest.
She urgently needs the toilet.
She reaches the end.
She makes a hasty exit.
May be the school outhouse.
Third  Ham and Ex sing the song.
I Have nt Got a Hat  written.
Oliver Owl refuses to share some candy with Beans.
Beans decides and sneaks a stray cat and dog.
When Oliver goes up.
It is time.
Their commotion creates a virtuoso performance.
The ruse is revealed.
When the animals jump out.
Oliver  humbled and vengeful  covers Beans from his pen  causing Beans to fall off his ladder and launch a pail of red paint onto Oliver.
Caught  they shake hands.
The cartoon ends.
This end scene emphasizes the fact.
This was a two-strip Technicolor cartoon.
The three-strip process was exclusive to Disney for use in cartoons.
This contract ran out.
WB released their first three-strip Technicolor cartoon  Flowers  in November of that year.
<EOS>
The film dramatizes the creation.
<EOS>
Dustin  Albert and Mark are 12-year-old friends looking forward.
Dustin likes a girl named Tanya  and so he wants to ask her.
He is nervous.
He has never asked anyone out before.
Dustin s main obstacle is the town bully  Nick.
Who also likes Tanya.
The two become friends.
When Dustin mows the lawn.
Mr Sperry begins a Bible study  and encourages them to be kind to Nick.
Sperry also pays Dustin to mow the lawn.
Dustin is told not to let Mr Barnes know the benefactor.
Many other boys in the neighborhood get involved in the Bible study  including Nick.
Who is remorseful and turns after a couple of encounters with Mr Sperry.
Meanwhile  Dustin finally gets the courage to tell Tanya.
Much he likes her.
He suggests.
She start reading the Bible.
Then one day  Dustin rides his bicycle and discovers.
Mr Sperry had died.
Mr Barnes visits Dustin to thank him for mowing his lawn  and to tell him.
He figured out Mr Sperry was his motivation.
Mr Barnes tearfully calls Mr Sperry a great example.
Dustin s mother reveals the secret background between Mr Sperry and Mr Barnes.
Mr Sperry s wife had died.
Inspired after such heartbreak  Dustin decides to continue the Bible study with the neighborhood boys  repeating one of Mr Sperry s first lessons with Dustin and his two friends.
<EOS>
Gangster Doo-shik has graduated school and is now attending college.
He is allowing his underling Sang-du to take classes.
All education majors are sent out to work in schools for teacher training.
This is one job.
Doo-shik must complete himself.
He is sent out to teach in the trouble-laden high school himself.
<EOS>
Sadazo Morikawa is one of a group of 100 overaged conscripts for the Japanese navy assigned to cleaning duty.
The members are chosen.
The cleaning duty has finished.
Sadazo is assigned to serve.
He thinks.
He will not survive  and asks a comrade  Matsuyama to return a postcard and tell her that he received it before he died.
Earlier  Sadazo is conscripted.
He says goodbye Yukichi and Chiyo and wife Tomoko.
Later  a military official reports Sadazo s death.
Sadazo s parents plead not to leave  and to marry their younger son Sanpei.
Tomoko agrees to marry Sanpei.
Sanpei is conscripted.
He considers running away.
His parents tell him.
It is useless.
Sanpei dies.
Later   Yukichi dies from a heart condition.
Chiyo gives Tomoko some money and then hangs herself.
The war ends and Matsuyama returns.
His wife has run away and is now working.
They meet and argue.
She tells him.
She wishes he had died.
Matsuyama makes his way.
He talks and tells her he plans to go to Brazil.
His wife started a relationship.
He has 200000 yen.
He tries to give her half.
She refuses.
He has a fight.
They agree to go to Brazil together.
They burn Sadazo and Sanpei s ashes.
Tomoko gets drunk and sets fire.
Matsuyama pulls her out.
They decide to stay and grow barley on the site of the old house.
The film ends in the field of barley.
<EOS>
Set  the plot follows a teenage martial arts student named Leroy Green with dreams of becoming a great martial artist like his idol Bruce Lee.
Leroy goes to achieve the highest level of martial arts accomplishment  known as The Final Level.
Martial artists are said to possess The Glow  a mystical energy.
Who reach this Final Level.
Can only be attained.
He is one.
When a fighter s hands glow.
He is the greatest fighter alive.
When his entire body glows.
Leroy must confront villains such as a crooked arcade mogul Eddie Arkadian and the evil Sho ` nuff  the Shogun of Harlem   TV music video host Laura Charles.
Whom he must also protect his younger brother Richie and his love interest.
<EOS>
A zombie horde overtakes the Mall.
Meanwhile  we see a man named Tom feverishly barricading the inside  only to have his not-too-bright girlfriend open a window to let some fresh air in.
The ghouls enter and overtake the couple.
357 magnum.
Tom s last bullet accidentally discharges into Barbara s femoral artery.
Barbara bleeds.
Tom is devoured.
The next day  Barbara stumbles St.
Paul.
She encounters Jesus Christ and bites a huge bloody chunk out of his forearm.
Barbara continues on  walking aimlessly  she eventually collapses on the sidewalk.
Barbara s appearance changes back.
She returns.
<EOS>
Daigoro is a monster.
Who became orphaned after the military used Intercontinental missiles to kill his mother who did what she could to protect him.
Only one man stood.
He pitied the infant  and took it to Japan and raised him there.
But Daigoro grew too large and expensive to feed.
The man made Daigoro an icon.
Elsewhere Goliath  a monster  went and battled Daigoro.
Who has been trapped.
Goliath eventually defeated Daigoro.
Goliath then left to pillage the world  leaving Daigoro to die.
Daigoro recovered and practiced daily.
Daigoro breathed his fire ray and managed to defeat Goliath.
The humans then grabbed Goliath.
He was still weak and strap him so they can blast him into space.
<EOS>
The movie opens.
Chirin is very adventurous and tends to get lost  so he wears a bell.
That his mother can always find him.
His mother warns Chirin.
He must never venture.
A huge black wolf lives and loves to eat sheep.
Chirin is too young and naive to take the advice.
One night the wolf enters the barn and is prepared to kill Chirin.
The lamb s mother throws herself in the way and is killed instead.
The wolf leaves.
Chirin is horrified to see his mother s body.
Unable to understand  he becomes very angry and swears.
His mother was killed.
He will go and kill the wolf.
He leaves alone.
He challenges him to fight.
When he finally comes.
The wolf simply ignores him and walks away.
Chirin follows.
This continues.
Chirin realizes.
The only way he can fight the wolf is.
The wolf relents and tells Chirin  knowing.
He will train him.
Chirin intends to kill him one day.
Chirin s training lasts well.
He has become a vicious killer  and views the wolf as his father.
Together they travel the mountains  killing indiscriminately.
One night the wolf takes Chirin.
Where the lamb was born.
Chirin claims not to remember it  saying.
His home is.
The wolf watches  then watches Chirin enter the barn.
The ram graphically fights the farm dogs.
Where the terrified sheep have gathered.
The wolf waits outside.
Chirin spots a very young lamb.
Strongly resembles himself  cowering.
The lamb s mother throws herself.
He approaches.
Struck to his past  Chirin is startled and confused  and leaves the barn without killing the sheep.
Chirin tells him.
When the wolf demands to know why.
He ca nt bring himself to do it.
The wolf walks.
Chirin begs him to spare the sheep.
Chirin becomes furious and charges.
When the wolf will not listen.
Chirin impales the wolf on his horns.
The wolf expresses his gratitude and pride  and dies.
Chirin is saddened  but turns in the barn.
Who quickly shut the door.
None believe him  saying.
When Chirin tries to tell them that he grew up.
Such a terrifying animal could not be one.
Chirin gives up and returns.
He hallucinates the wolf s reflection.
Chirin stands.
Overjoyed  he turns to see the wolf  but realizes.
He is alone.
Chirin stands alone  yelling for the wolf.
The snow begins to fall  and as the movie draws.
<EOS>
She was placed in.
The house was never finished  so Martin hires a cheap construction crew to complete it.
The couple moves.
One night  Alice is awakened.
She had not seen.
This one has a pleasant demeanor and good work ethic.
He stops another carpenter.
Martin is away one night.
Alice has a few more run-ins  and comes to the conclusion  a man named Edward.
He is the spirit.
Who was executed.
Alice finds herself falling for his charms  even after witnessing him murder two disgruntled former workers.
Who break.
One day  one  Laura Bell  shows up at the house  to confess to Alice.
She and Martin are having an affair  and that she is pregnant.
An argument breaks out.
Who kills Laura from Ed.
He attacks Alice  but is subdued and has his head crushed by Ed.
When Martin returns home and discovers Laura s mangled body.
Sometime later  Alice s sister Rachel stops  and tries to leave with Alice after spotting Martin and Laura s bodies.
She is stopped.
Who gets violent.
Angered  Alice turns against him  and the two fight.
Alice realizes  so she starts a fire with a blow torch.
Damaging the house hurts Ed.
Being briefly chased by Ed.
He burns away.
<EOS>
Andy Schaeffer is a spoiled mama s boy.
Who usually gets his way.
He breezes.
Girlfriend Susan Daniels studies hard while also working.
She is nt sure.
Where their relationship is going.
He s being drafted.
Where it s going for Andy is the Army  because his grades have become so poor.
Andy reports at Fort Ord  making it clear to everybody there.
He d rather be anyplace else.
<EOS>
Set  the film begins with the queen mother and former concubine in a precarious position of having no blood ties to the childless king.
She schemes to replace him.
Indifferent  the timid prince falls in love at first sight with Hwa-yeon  an aristocrat s daughter.
Who has already found love.
The two lovers try to elope but are caught together.
When her father decides to send her.
She only gives.
Five years later  Hwa-yeon has become the queen.
This infuriates the queen mother and breaks the hearts and.
Who later joins the royal palace.
The king is eventually poisoned by the queen mother.
Who is desperate to be.
She sits her son  Prince Seong-won   giving the ruthless matriarch firm control over the royal court.
Hwa-yeon is moved  with the queen mother planning to assassinate Hwa-yeon and her son to secure her position in the palace.
Her son are  Hwa-yeon gradually becomes monstrously ambitious  using everyone around her  including her castrated former lover Kwon-yoo and now-King Seong-won -- as tools for her own survival.
<EOS>
The central character Tom is a young man living alone.
The setting is.
Who was born and grew up  fought in the First World War  returned  made a failed attempt to escape the village by walking to Newmarket for a job  took a wife in the village and lived in a tied cottage on the farmer s estate for the rest of his life.
His son  Tom s father  was killed.
Tom has grown up hearing all sorts from his grandfather.
Everyone says.
What a good old boy his grandfather was  and remembers the old days  but all Tom can hear is the words.
Now he is making his own plans to get away  with or without his girlfriend.
The cycle goes round and round.
All the time the customs and the landscape are so colourful and beautiful   but with the skull-like menace of poverty  entrapment and war grinning through the veil of rural beauty.
Will Tom be defeated .
As his grandfather was.
<EOS>
Ulysses Ferragut is regaled with tales of the sea by his retired uncle  the Triton  and is particularly fascinated by his claim to have once seen the sea goddess Amphitrite.
Ulysses becomes a sailor.
His lawyer father  Don Esteban  wants him to follow.
He uses his life savings to purchase the Mare Nostrum  a fast  modern freighter  and prospers.
When he is a grown man.
However  he finally gives for the sake of their son Esteban  and agrees to sell his ship.
I  however  the enormous profits ends this plan.
To be made.
Ulysses visits the ruins of Pompeii  and meets Freya Talberg and the learned Doctor Fedelmann.
He soon falls with Freya.
Spain is neutral.
She later informs him that she is an Austrian spy.
His ardor is undiminished.
He agrees to transport Count Kaledine.
The U-boat U-35 surfaces  takes from Ulysses  ship  and departs with Kaledine.
Meanwhile  young Esteban leaves home to find his father.
Esteban goes back to Barcelona aboard the Californian  a British passenger ship.
However  the boy is killed.
When the Californian is sunk.
Ulysses learns from a survivor  and realizes to his grief his role in the tragedy.
He vows to avenge his boy.
Freya sends Ulysses a letter denouncing the barbarity of the act  it is intercepted by Doctor Fedelmann.
That  along she has fallen in love with Ulysses  convinces Fedelmann.
Her subordinate can no longer be trusted.
She sends Freya  intending to betray her to the French.
Freya suspects  and begs Ulysses to take her to safety aboard his ship.
Ulysses is torn.
A vision makes.
Him refuse.
Freya is later captured  convicted  and shot at dawn.
Ulysses encounters Count Kaledine.
He is leaving Freya s apartment.
He chases Kaledine through the streets  gathering a mob.
Kaledine is caught and taken.
Ulysses then employs the Mare Nostrum  arming her with a deck gun  replacing his crew with French military sailors  and transporting munitions to Salonica.
Only longtime family friend and sea cook Caragol refuses to leave him.
They are intercepted by the.
Ulysses mans the abandoned deck gun and sinks the.
Amphitrite rises to embrace him.
Ulysses descends.
<EOS>
Inspector Amar Nath apprehends and arrests a notorious gangster.
Who goes  and gets him sentenced to prison for several years.
Amar   defies his father  Jagirdar Bishamber Nath  and marries a poor but pretty woman  Sheela Sharma.
Who comes.
He is asked to leave the family home.
Amar and Sheela settle elsewhere and soon are the proud parents.
They meet and arrange a child-marriage of their daughter with Deepak.
Pinto escapes  hunts down Amar and Sheela  and kills them.
Luckily  a loyal employee and chauffeur  Abdul  saves their daughter s life.
He takes her.
Who accepts her.
Years later  Deepak and Jyoti have grown up.
Deepak s dad has died  leaving his widow destitute.
Jyoti still lives.
Jyoti shuns and humiliates her.
When she goes to confirm their marriage.
This enrages Deepak.
He vows to make Jyoti apologize  as well as confirm their marriage.
But Jyoti is already.
Deepak meets a famous Bollywood actress  Sandhya.
Who falls with him.
What will happen.
Subsequently it is.
The hired husband makes the girl come around.
Guest appearances were made.
<EOS>
Newsies is loosely based in New York City.
Thousands.
Who were selling newspapers to make money to buy food.
Who is a regular newsboy selling newspapers and his paper  the New York World.
The newsboys wake up and get ready to sell papers.
Jack meets David Jacobs.
Who leaves school temporarily and joins the Newsies along to help his family while his father is out of work with a broken arm.
The injury was.
He was fired.
He lacked the protection.
Les looks up.
Jack  seeing this.
He is younger and cute.
To trick people.
The three duck into Irving Hall to escape being chased by a cop.
Jack introduces Les and David.
Who performs.
David invites Jack to meet his family.
They witness a violent part.
Jack confesses his desire to escape to Santa Fe.
Soon  Jack and David became best friends.
Shortly afterward  the price is raised by ten cents  a decision made by the newspaper titans  Pulitzer and William Randolph Hearst.
Feeling  Jack organizes a strike.
They will be unable to bear the added cost.
Jack struggles with his past.
He forms an important friendship.
He faces many difficult decisions involving money and loyalty.
The boys are aided by newspaper reporter Bryan Denton and Medda  as well as being hindered by Snyder  warden of The Refuge juvenile detention facility.
Jack and the Newsies gain the cooperation from New York and Brooklyn to team up and strike against the big-shot newspapermen.
They eventually win their hard-fought demands.
Jack and David force Pulitzer to admit defeat  resulting winning the strike and Snyder being arrested.
Denton tells Jack.
Roosevelt is offering to give him a ride anywhere  and Jack requests to be taken to catch a train to Santa Fe.
His friends are disappointed to see him leave.
Roosevelt convinces Jack to stay in New York City.
Sarah catches up together with all Newsies dancing.
<EOS>
Tora-san returns.
He resumes his travels.
He embarrasses himself.
He meets an outspoken 18-year-old girl.
Who becomes enamored and follows him around.
One is terminally ill and makes.
Tora-san promise him to marry his wife once he is gone.
<EOS>
A spy ring has infiltrated Lakeview Laboratory.
FBI agent Dan OHara and Scotland Yard detective Philip Grayson are.
<EOS>
Reiko Haruna  a prize-winning writer  moves to finish up her new novel.
One night she sees a man.
She finds out.
He is Makoto Yoshioka  an archaeologist researching ancient mummies  and that object was a recently discovered mummy.
Working late  she sees a ghost and finds out.
Her room once belonged.
<EOS>
The story takes place.
After the Berlin Wall is built  and is based.
Kurt Schroder is a chauffeur and his seductive wife Heidi  and lives within sight of the Wall.
Kurt is having an affair.
One night he sees a friend  Gunther Jurgens.
Who works  drive his truck into the wall  and get killed trying to escape to the west.
Gunther s sister  Erika  comes looking.
When he does nt return  and is told that Kurt saw him last night.
She then goes.
Where he lives.
Erika is intent.
Her brother made it.
Kurt  reasonably satisfied  has no intention of risking his life to attempt an escape.
Erika then looks out  but Kurt catches her.
She tries to crawl.
They pretend to be lovers to hide her intentions.
Kurt then hides her.
A piece is caught in the barbed wire.
The guards track her.
She hides without a floor  and narrowly escapes the guards.
They conclude that she could not be.
The Schroders and their neighbors.
Whose husband has already escaped.
Kurt comes up.
Which they can escape.
Kurt has no intention.
He will mastermind the plan.
He feels he can better serve them.
They drill using Uncle Albrecht s band.
A noise cover when the actual drilling takes place.
One member keeps watch.
The others work itself.
They are joined.
They start digging the tunnel.
Whom Kurt s mother has promised to rent a room.
All the while  Kurt is falling with Erika.
He eventually summons the courage to tell her.
Her brother is dead.
Kurt has changed his mind and will escape with the rest of his family and Erika.
The tunnel is completed.
When just Kurt reaches the other side.
The breakout is planned.
However  Marga tells Erika s parents the news.
Erika s father  a professor  betrays the escape plan.
Who favors the Communist regime.
Kurt learns.
The authorities are.
He hurries home.
Kurt learns.
When he arrives home.
His family have invited Uncle Albrecht s band members to join the escape  bringing the number to.
Kurt tells them  and.
They must make their escape immediately.
The Schroders  their friends and Erika make their escape.
The police besiege their house.
He is wounded.
When a soldier fires  and struggles to make his way as he collapses it behind him.
Erika comes back to find and help him.
Together they make their way.
Where the others have already emerged to live.
<EOS>
U.
S.
Senator William Tadlock is leaving his home in 1843  heading west on the Oregon Trail by wagon train.
His son and slave come along  as a hired guide.
Joining them are farmer Lije Evans  his wife Rebecca and 16-year-old son Brownie.
There are also the newlyweds Johnnie and Amanda Mack  plus the Fairman and McBee families.
Shy young wife  so Johnnie gets drunk and strays.
Amanda is nt satisfying his needs.
He also shoots.
What he drunkenly thinks is a wolf and ends up killing a Sioux chief s son.
Tadlock knows  so he hangs young Johnnie.
No other form will do for the Indians if the wagon train is to be permitted to go on its way.
It turns out.
Mercy is now pregnant.
Brownie proposes marriage.
Tadlock s son is killed  causing the senator to be so distraught  he asks his slave to take a whip to his back.
Lije Evans has seen enough.
The last straw comes.
When Tadlock fakes a smallpox scare to keep soldiers away.
Tadlock is attacked.
Who takes charge.
Nearly  Rebecca Evans shows the others Tadlock s grand plan  just beyond a steep ravine.
They treacherously lower possessions  animals and each other down the steep grade to reach their destination.
Amanda Mack  however  emotionally destroyed  cuts a rope and causes Tadlock to plunge to his death.
<EOS>
The villagers welcome the declaration of war with Germany in 1914 and flock to enlist.
Is Francois Laurin  a man of jealous and violent temperament.
Who is married.
Francois suspects  correctly.
Edith is conducting an affair.
He sends edith to stay.
Where she is subsequently captured and raped.
Francois and Jean find themselves serving.
Where the initial tensions give way to a close friendship which acknowledges that they both love edith.
Jean is discharged through ill-health and returns to the village  to find his mother dying.
Edith reappears  now with a young half-German daughter Angele.
Her father  Maria Lazare  immediately leaves to avenge the shame.
Jean and edith fear his reaction and try to conceal her from him.
When Francois comes home.
Merely revives his jealous suspicions.
The two men fight.
Francois and Jean agree to seek their vengeance to the front.
When the truth is revealed.
Which a mythical figure leads on the French forces.
Jean  meanwhile  is so.
He becomes insane.
He returns and gathers the inhabitants together to tell them of his vision on the battlefield  from the graves of the dead  soldiers arise and gather in a great cohort.
Marches  back to their homes.
Jean challenges the villagers to say.
Whether they have been worthy.
They watch.
Their dead family and friends appear.
The soldiers return.
Jean goes back.
There he finds a book.
He tears up  until one of them  his Ode to the Sun  drives him to denounce the sun for its complicity in the crimes of war.
Jean dies.
The sunlight fades.
<EOS>
Controversy has often been included on lists of the greatest animated films ever made.
One such list  the subject The 50 Greatest Cartoons  placed Coal Black at number twenty-one  based upon votes from over 1000 members of the American animation industry.
Scholarly animation texts  American Animation in Its Golden Age  Michael Barrier  Coal Black as Clampett s undisputed masterpiece.
Coal Black is a popular draw at film festivals and small-audience screenings  and is often bootlegged for release on home video.
It was seen briefly For Big Kids  hosted by Leonard Maltin  and in the Behind the Tunes featurette.
Set. 
Coal Black and De Sebben Dwarfs  along with 7 other titles from the Censored Eleven was screened at the first annual TCM Film Festival  the eight shorts shown were restored for that release.
Part hosted by film historian Donald Bogle.
<EOS>
Two brothers become involved.
<EOS>
Set  the film begins with Anandan  a struggling actor  seeking opportunities.
Will give him a big break.
Anandan is given an opportunity to audition for the lead role in a forthcoming film.
He arrives and practices his combat skills with sword props provided on the sets while waiting for the director and the crew.
He meets Tamizhselvan  a small time writer.
Who enters the studio.
This prompts.
The debate turns into each other  and impressed by Tamizhselvan s skills  Anandan requests Tamizhselvan to write dialogues for him to recite during the audition.
Anandan floors the director during the audition and is hired as the hero of the film.
Anandan s friendship grows as a result.
Anandan is introduced.
Is led.
He grows.
Time passes.
Anandan then marries a village belle Pushpa.
Tamizhselvan marries another village girl.
He is greeted.
When Anandan returns.
The production has been cancelled due to financial difficulties.
A depressed Anandan is forced to return.
Tamizhselvan jubilates.
He even loses motivation and does nt act some parts out well  causing further demotion.
Anandan also sends Pushpa back due to his financial difficulties.
Anandan is greeted by his mother and uncle with the news.
Pushpa has died due in her house.
Tamizhselvan travels down to console a grief-stricken Anandan.
Few days later  Anandan s assistant informs him.
He has been called up.
Anandan is elated and calls up Tamizhselvan.
Who abandons his pregnant wife while she is giving birth to rush to aid Anandan.
He writes dialogues once again.
The movie starts rolling.
Anandan is paired.
The film receives tremendous response and becomes a huge success  propelling Anandan into fame.
Tamizhselvan encourages Anandan to use his popularity to help the party gain attention.
Anandan and Ramani have some romantic brushes.
Shooting. 
Causes Ramani s uncle  who lusts  to beat her up.
Ramani comes to Anandan seeking refuge.
Anandan marries her.
The party leader Velu Annachi passes away.
Anna Durai has handed Anandan an important mantle in the party  much to the displeasure of Tamizhselvan.
Who thinks Anandan is just a film star is not exactly passionate.
Both Tamizhsevan and Anandan s names come.
When Anna passes away.
Tamizhselvan is voted the new leader.
He however keeps Anandan only as a party spokesperson and does nt provide him a ministry position.
Anandan s aides start breeding hatred by Anandan on Tamizhselvan  saying.
Tamizhselvan purposely did not include Anandan.
An infuriated Anandan chases the flamers away  but has doubts in his mind nevertheless.
Anandan finally asks Tamizhselvan.
Tamizhselvan ridicules  finally flaming rivalry.
Tamizhselvan is later shown to have an extramarital affair.
Who loves literature  whom he first met while fighting before the party became successful.
He marries her subsequently.
Meanwhile  Anandan   calls up a new actress to audition to be his next heroine.
The actress Kalpana resembles the late Pushpa  making Anandan uncomfortable.
Ramani however insists.
The actress is very talented and should be hired.
Their association starts.
The open nature makes Anandan more uncomfortable.
Anandan finally reveals the truth.
This sparks off an affair.
Anandan creates controversy by revealing some inside truths of discomfort within the party  prompting Tamizhselvan to sack him from the party.
Anandan retaliates.
His party priorities see him distancing himself.
Whom he has promised to marry.
An infuriated Kalpana walks out and starts doing social work.
Anandan s star power enables him to win the election.
He uses his films to spread his political propaganda.
A key deputy jumps.
He becomes the new chief minister.
Anandan s reign will see less dirty politics.
This sparks off a cat and mouse game start devising tactics to outdo each other.
This includes Anandan having to order Tamizhselvan s arrest.
Some riots broke out.
It slowly dawns.
The deputy points out.
The same corruption exists.
Anandan meets Kalpana again.
She is doing social work  and sends his assistant to bring her back.
Kalpana  Anandan s assistant  and his driver meet.
A distraught Anandan loses motivation.
That begins to dawn upon him.
Tamizhselvan  also slows down.
Who just gets released.
Age catches up.
Anandan and Tamizhselvan meet each other and share a gracious handshake.
The wedding takes place.
Where they first met  prompting some memories and sly smiles.
Anandan loses his footing and falls.
The next morning  Ramani tries up Anandan.
He had died.
Tamizhselvan receives the news.
Anandan has died.
He attends the funeral but is unable to see the body.
It is being dressed.
Realizing  he heads back.
People there will always assume him.
They first met and  recites poetry mourning his friend s death which depicts the depth of their friendship.
The film ends.
Anandan s body is paraded  mourned by a legion of film fans and politicians  finally coming to the crematorium and being cremated.
<EOS>
Tetsuo Okita is a former businessman.
Who lost his manufacturing company and separated from his wife and son a year earlier.
Desperate to make ends meet and start over  he collaborates Hiroshi shiro in an elaborate plot to extort money from the government.
Hikari 109 is a high-speed Bullet Train carrying 1500 passengers to Hakata.
Railway security head Miyashita is notified by Okita.
A bomb has been planted.
It will explode.
The train slows down.
Okita tells Miyashita.
A similar bomb has been placed.
Hikari 109 s conductor Aoki is informed not to slow down the train below 120 km/h while the security personnel aboard the train search for the bomb - thus delaying the trip to Hakata by three hours.
When freight train 5790 indeed explodes.
Police officials back are tasked to either find the bomber or the bomb first.
Back  passengers start becoming weary.
When security does a second search  demanding.
Kuramochi must coordinate with Aoki on timing the train s speed and position to avoid incoming traffic while keeping it safe from the speed-sensitive detonator.
Okita calls the National Railway authorities again  this time  he demands US$ 5 million.
Police find their first lead.
The Prime Minister has the money ready.
When a cigarette pack containing fingerprints are found at Yubari station prior to freight train 5790 s departure.
Meanwhile  passengers start to panic.
When the train passes  with a pregnant passenger named Kazuko Hirao going into labor.
Co-Engineer Kikuchi tells them of the bomb on board.
National Railway officials are.
When they realize that the bomb is attached.
Okita once more calls the officials and tells them to send the money northbound at Yorii High School.
Officer Senda   is then instructed to cross the Arakawa River   the suitcase is roped and pulled up a cliff by shiro.
Who carries the suitcase.
However  shiro is forced to drop the case and retreat.
When police yell.
Fleeing  shiro finds.
Himself tailed until he collides with one and is killed after hitting a light post.
The passengers once again panic  they are further exacerbated.
When a businessman threatens to pull the emergency door latch open as the train passes.
When they hear.
Meanwhile  police locate Koga  but fail to arrest him.
Koga limps back.
Okita ponders.
He has failed to prevent any bloodshed.
Koga convinces him to carry on.
Okita makes another phone call and tells Miyashita to drop the money by the Kanda motorway in 10 minutes.
Police trace the bomb parts.
Okita takes the suitcase and makes his getaway.
The police do as instructed.
Back  Kazuko loses her baby and is in need of a blood transfusion.
Okita then calls Miyashita and tells him to pick up a diagram at Sun Plaza cafe in Shinbashi.
Unfortunately  the cafe is destroyed by the time police arrive.
Koga blows himself up rather than turn himself in.
When the police surround Okita s hideout.
Kuramochi goes to make an appeal for Okita to help them disable the bomb.
No other options left.
Shinji Fujio  a former accomplice of Okita being escorted after his arrest  reveals.
Okita is using a false name.
The Shinkansen authorities manage to locate the bomb underneath the second coach.
Kuramochi relays the information and sends a rescue train to provide welding equipment to cut an access hole.
Where the bomb is.
Aoki succeeds.
The authorities suspect a second bomb located elsewhere.
The government gives the order to stop the train.
Aoki manages to stop Hikari.
He discovers.
Kuramochi leaves the main control room to regain his composure.
His appeal is still being broadcasted.
Miyashita explains.
This is part.
Overwhelmed  Kuramochi resigns from his position.
Meanwhile   Okita prepares to board his flight.
His cover is blown.
When his ex-wife Yasuko Tomita and son Kenichi spot him.
He is shot dead.
<EOS>
Seven children live.
The children can never make their father happy.
The oldest girl  Judy  is sent.
Judy runs away and falls ill.
She is found.
Who allows her to go in the country to recuperate.
The other children come along.
Judy is killed.
The Captain becomes aware.
He has mistreated his family.
<EOS>
This short comedy concerns the extramarital affair.
It is based by the star of the film  Frank Nagai.
<EOS>
Ollie falls with the beautiful daughter of an innkeeper.
He is heartbroken.
When he discovers that she is married.
An officer convinces the duo to enlist.
As he about to leap.
They do so  and end up wreaking havoc.
They manage to escape by stealing an airplane.
Ultimately crashes.
Sadly  Ollie dies but is reincarnated as a horse.
Pleases Stan.
<EOS>
The film starts a boat on the Ottawa River.
The movement then freezes.
View slowly zooms out  revealing more all the time.
The continuous zoom-out takes the viewer  past the Moon  the planets of the Solar System  the Milky Way and out into the far reaches of the known universe.
The process is then reversed.
The view zooms back  returning to the boy on the boat.
It then zooms.
Where a mosquito is resting.
It zooms.
It then zooms back out.
<EOS>
Matt Arnold has to kill classmate Jenny Herk  and decides to sneak up on her at home.
Hitmen are also there to kill Arthur Herk.
Who has secretly embezzled money.
Police officers Monica Romero and Walter Kramitz are called out.
When the fake assassination attempt crosses paths.
Matt s friend  Andrew  called Eliot Arnold  Matt s father.
Eliot immediately feels a mutual attraction to Anne Herk  Jenny s mother.
Matt and Jenny begin to feel attracted as well.
The Herk s housemaid  Nina  meanwhile  falls with a young homeless man named Puggy.
He saves her.
Realizing  Arthur visits arms dealers to buy a rocket but is sold a suitcase nuclear bomb.
He is the intended victim.
The dealer claims to be out and does nt tell him that it is a nuclear weapon.
Escaped convicts Snake and Eddie   hold up the bar and kidnap Arthur and Puggy and take the suitcase  not knowing its contents.
Who were previously kicked out.
Meanwhile  Matt tries to kill Jenny.
A security guard thinks.
Matt s gun is real and opens fire.
Matt and Jenny run away and eventually return.
Who stumble.
Eliot is called over once again.
The convicts force Arthur to return.
Where they capture everyone and tie them up.
Taking Puggy and kidnapping Jenny  they leave.
Nina   frees everyone.
Who was hiding.
The house is visited by two FBI agents.
Who are tracking the bomb.
They free Monica and have her lead them.
The criminals pass.
Its 45-minute timer begins  Puggy manages to escape.
The FBI agents tell everyone.
Unless the bomb is retrieved soon  the plane must be shot down.
Puggy leads the group.
Eliot sneaks.
Meanwhile  the two hitmen get out and reach the airport.
They bump  knocking the hitmen s Remington sniper rifle out of their golf bag in the process.
Romero grabs the rifle  removes its bolt  and returns it.
Eliot  having sneaked  attacks the criminals by knocking Eddie out with a fire extinguisher and blasting the extinguisher at Snake.
The case is a bomb.
Snake manages to cling onto the door s steps.
The case is a bomb.
Prompts Eliot to pull the emergency lever which decouples the door.
Snake plunges with a defiant smile  still clinging to the bomb.
Explodes safely.
Eliot is congratulated  promised  and told the events.
He will receive presidential cowboy boots and a hat.
Took place are strictly top secret.
The last scene reveals   Eliot finally won Matt s respect.
What happens.
Anne and Eliot get married a week.
Anne gets divorced.
Walter   becomes a male stripper and marries.
A forced strip search guards.
The two hitmen manage to escape Miami.
They claim.
Their Miami job was the lowest point.
They were surrounded.
Eddie goes back  but becomes friends with another dimwitted inmate.
Who shares the same affinity as Eddie does.
Arthur is last seen still handcuffed and tormented.
<EOS>
The Care Bears hear Wish Bear s story of.
She found her new friend  a wishing star named Twinkers.
The Care Bears are touched  but are a bit worried.
When she uses Twinkers  inherent power to wish them all some popcorn.
Another bear  Cheer Bear  raises concern.
Wish Bear  however  assures everyone.
She is a trained professional.
The next day  Wish Bear uses the wishing power to help her friends.
She wishes.
The wishes backfire.
When the sap overflows and the rocket spins out.
A monthly meeting reveals a problem with the Caring Meter.
The machine   has moved.
Measures how much caring there is.
Wish Bear suggests using her wishes  but is rejected.
Not all work as intended.
Disappointed  she decides to wish.
Who like wishing as much as she does.
This causes three new bears to arrive  Me Bear  Messy Bear  and Too Loud Bear.
Everyone is pleased to welcome the new neighbours.
Things soon get out.
The new bears unwittingly make a huge mess.
Then  Wish Bear accidentally wishes Twinkers away to the new bears  they soon abuse the star s power with an amusement park focusing on Me Bear  a mud pie for Messy Bear  and a huge noisy motorcycle for Too Loud Bear.
They try to fix it -- Care-a-lot becomes a blank white space  the bears begin to glow in color  Grumpy Bear turns black and white.
The new bears finally realise their problem.
Messy Bear turns.
The star ultimately loses his power.
When they try to wish Twinkers back.
Wish Bear uses Grumpy Bear s rocket to bring him in the sky.
Big Wish restores his power.
Is fun.
Before Wish Bear assures her that she has learned her lesson  which is wishing.
It is far more important to work hard to achieve your dreams.
Wish Bear tells them.
Wishes are not an effective solution any more.
Everyone works together to make their home beautiful again.
Apologize and ask.
They can still live.
The rest agree  and decide to go on a road trip.
<EOS>
Jayaram and Bhavana takes the lead roles and his wife in the film.
Dr Ramdas is leading medical practitioner.
Fed up decide to move to a quiet bungalow on the outskirts of the city.
Dr Ramdas  his wife and their two kids are thrilled to a bigger house.
Their excitement is short-lived  though.
Portrayed. 
What they encountered there and how it affected their lives.
There are some scary stories read out to them.
Dr Ramdas and his wife get scared.
His wife asks to move but ramdas do nt believe them very much.
Their children gets trapped.
The child-eater eats kids  children and poor babies etc.
Mrs Ramdas gets scared and calls the police to see a dead man found.
The children were thrilled but gets frightened later.
They starts to live in the same house.
Follows another scary person who is going to be scarier.
The movie was another mega flop.
<EOS>
The film starts.
Who are out to stage a publicity stunt by appearing to be stranded.
They discover a mysterious galleon shrouded it.
The wealthy and unscrupulous businessman is own rescue mission.
When contact is lost.
Who sent them out decided to mount.
Attempt. 
Who makes an unsuccessful escape.
The businessman and his secretary recruit an eccentric scholar to assist them as they too head out to discover the boat.
But this phantom galleon carries the coffins.
Who hunt humans.
The two models are killed and then the new party discovers.
The rescue even arrives.
Their ship has vanished as well  stranding them.
Then the friend is captured and dragged.
The rest is under a possibly magical slumber.
Finally the survivors struggle to repel and combat the spectral knights.
They have.
<EOS>
The film tells.
She s born.
In time becomes the well known Dame Camille living.
Camille s finances are covered.
Camille falls in love with Armand  a handsome young man.
Armand is attracted.
She s prepared to give up the Baron and be.
However  Armand s father begs Camille to turn away  knowing.
Her past will ruin his future.
Realizing the painful wisdom  Camille rejects Armand.
Who continues to pursue her even as Camille contracts a serious case.
The film ends.
Who has been much changed.
<EOS>
Six-year-old Ben Archer watches silently.
His father starts up his car and drives away.
They both offer only a wave.
His mother  Sandy  can only watch heartbroken.
Her ex-husband leaves them.
Ben s father promised to visit him  yet never comes back.
They re both upset.
They decide to have a fresh start.
They move to begin a new life with just the two of them.
Sandy makes creative efforts to turn it.
They gradually overcome his father leaving and foster a very close bond  including making a collage with beach debris.
Sandy develops an interest.
Her suitors never fit well and do nt last long.
Allows Ben s ideal relationship.
Five years later  however  Sandy decides she s ready again  and begins seriously dating U.
S.
Attorney Jack Sturges.
Jack successfully prosecutes criminal Frank Renda for drug trafficking.
The elder Frank makes a veiled threat of revenge towards Jack.
Frank s son Joey rephrases the threat.
Court is adjourned.
Jack does nt back down and then dismisses him entirely.
Sandy and Jack discuss his moving.
Which eleven-year-old Ben does not approve that it s only a trial period.
Jack is confident.
He can win him over  telling Sandy he has read every book.
The transition does not go smoothly   so he resorts to ensuring.
He resentfully feels he is the one suffering all and that his mother is making the same mistake she made with his father.
Jack is as uncomfortable and unwelcome.
Jack tries taking the subterfuge  not realizing.
It is deliberate.
His efforts to connect are met with irritation.
He only succeeds.
Ben feigns interest in joining the Indian Guides - a father-son tribe called the Minotauks - with Jack to secretly drive a wedge between them and get rid of him.
Jack goes along with it at Sandy s insistence.
Neither like the club.
Ben manages to effectively humiliate Jack.
Jack tells Sandy.
It starts interfering.
He can no longer be part.
Ben fakes distress and compares it to his father leaving to turn Sandy against her boyfriend.
Jack goes to apologize  and instead overhears Ben bragging.
Jack does nt tell Sandy and instead seeks advice from Indian Guides chief and fellow stepfather Chet Bronski.
He is disheartened.
He then redoubles his efforts by improving the Indian Guides.
Joey s threat catches up  the brakes on his Ford Explorer are cut.
As Jack starts to strengthen his relationship.
Jack manages to avoid a more serious crash and ends up.
This causes him to miss an important canoe trip.
He promised to attend.
Ben  having finally opened up  is genuinely hurt.
It brings up bad memories.
Jack conceals the truth and refuses his boss Bob s order to transfer.
He can redeem himself in an upcoming camping trip.
His initial attempts are unsuccessful.
He feels.
The situation is hopeless.
Joey and his two goons  Murray and Tony  are then discovered by Ben planning to kill Jack.
Jack confesses the truth.
He sends the rest to the ranger station.
He and Ben improvise to distract the criminals.
The pair is eventually cornered.
They re rescued.
The crooks are disabled.
Ben is impressed and finally gives his approval and consents to Jack proposing to Sandy.
The two complete the beach collage.
Symbolizes that the three are finally whole as a family.
Jack and Sandy marry  in attendance of the wedding.
All are happy.
<EOS>
Waldemar Rekowski is a middle-aged taxicab driver it affords.
Who enjoys his profession and the freedom.
His concern leads him to ignore some potential fares in favor of others.
An overweight and crude man  Waldemar also enjoys leering.
Jacek azar is a 21 year-old drifter.
Who recently arrived from the countryside and is now aimlessly wandering the streets of the city.
He seems to take pleasure  he throws a stranger into the urinals of a public toilet after being approached sexually  he drops a large stone from a bridge onto a passing vehicle causing an accident.
He scares away pigeons an old lady.
Who is feeding them.
Piotr Balicki is a young and idealistic lawyer.
Who has just passed the bar exam.
He takes his wife.
Where they discuss their future.
Jacek is sitting at a table handling a length of rope and a stick.
He keeps.
The rope and stick appear to be a weapon.
He puts away the rope and stick.
When he spots two girls playing.
He engages.
Meanwhile  Waldemar has been driving.
Is taxicab.
He stops.
As Jacek approaches and enters the cab.
He asks to be driven and insists the driver take a longer and more remote route.
Jacek tries to kill Waldemar but is disturbed by passers by and hides  waiting for them to leave.
When they finally reach their destination.
The driver is still breathing and has mustered enough strength to try to free his neck.
He waits.
Jacek then proceeds to complete his gruesome task.
Jacek then takes the taxicab.
Jacek turns.
A children s song can be heard.
Clearly upsets him as he rips out the radio and discards it.
Jacek removes the taxicab signs and drives the car.
Where he talks.
She notices a clown s head hanging and asks Jacek.
Where he got the car.
He implies.
They could go away together.
She reminds him.
She has a husband.
Sometime later  Jacek is caught and imprisoned.
He is interviewed.
Whom this is his first case.
Piotr has little chance.
Jacek is found guilty and sentenced to death by hanging.
Piotr approaches a judge afterwards asking.
He could ve done more to save his client s life.
The judge assures him.
Piotr gave the best argument he s heard in years  but that the legal outcome is correct.
A scene shows the appointed executioner arriving  and making preparations for the hanging.
Piotr is.
An official congratulates him.
Jacek reveals to Piotr.
His baby sister was killed.
He also reveals.
It was he who his friend was drinking and that he had never fully recovered from the entire tragic episode.
Jacek then requests.
He be given the final space which was initially reserved for his mother and that he be buried next to his sister and his father.
The warden repeatedly asks  Piotr defiantly says.
They are finished talking.
He will never be finished.
Jacek makes some petty last requests.
They conclude.
Things would ve turned out differently if the girl had not tragically died.
Jacek is then taken and marched to the execution chamber by several prison guards.
The confirmation is read to him as well as the decision to deny clemency.
He is given last rites.
He is offered a final cigarette.
The executioner steps forward  lights one and puts it into Jacek s mouth.
When he requests to have one instead.
Jacek takes a few puffs.
It is stubbed out.
He breaks free and begins to yell uncontrollably.
Before he is hanged.
He is quickly hanged.
Afterwards  Piotr drives.
Where he cries.
<EOS>
The year is 1969  the place is an Ontario suburb.
The Field family s fragile domestic peace is coming.
The story is told.
The bulk of the film depicts the events leading to the funeral scene shown at the beginning.
Looms the tragedy of the suspicious death years ago of the first-born son  a pervasive and never spoken of subject.
The household is ruled.
Is illustrated to the two weeks he forced his family to spend trapped in the self-built backyard bomb shelter.
Jim works.
He is keen.
He is psychologically unstable  drinks heavily and cheats.
He is also oddly protective  insisting that his daughters watch her all the time.
His depressed wife Mary  a onetime dancer  has escaped a long time ago.
She lives a catatonic life  staring absently at the television  her ever-present coffee cup full of whiskey impassively filled by one family member or the other.
Each has her own way to cope with the deleterious family atmosphere.
They try to make their own experiences.
Norma is the eldest daughter and the most responsible element  quiet  subdued and selfless  she overburdens herself with domestic tasks and responsibilities  and patiently puts up with her father s antics.
She is also the only one intent.
She lets some pleasure into her dreary life.
Middle child Lou fights for her independence  standing up to her father and loving her mother but despising her weakness.
She assuages her fantasies  experimenting with boys and drugs.
Not as involved  nor as rebellious as Lou  sweet-looking Sandy devotes herself to becoming a perfect woman  with her own naive sense of femininity and sexuality.
She engages.
Ends up an awkward threesome scene.
Sandy learning.
She is pregnant.
The story builds.
Things climax s Eve night.
A dramatic event and the final admission definitively put an end to the Fields  pretend normal family life.
The ending is left open  leaving the viewer to guess.
Whether or not the characters will be able to start a new and more honest life and reconstruct family bonds.
<EOS>
The comical film introduces us.
The narrator informs.
Soon  it slowly focus.
Which the main problem is the absence.
The leaders gives a final ultimatum to the Panchayat president Unnikannan Nair to resign his post.
He ca nt find a vet.
Unnikannan Nair s daughter Ammukutty falls love.
However Unnikannan Nair disapproves due.
Also the animosity adds fun to the tale.
The romantic angle includes ` Society  Balan s romance.
D.
C.
Kumari followed.
Who is also.
He encounters an old friend and thief  Bhairavan and encourages him to act.
Parameswara Kurup travels to find a vet.
Thus Bhairavan is introduced.
Unnikannan Nair soon takes a liking and arranges Ammukutty s marriage.
Heartbroken  Pappen soon leaves the village and finds solace and shelter from a friend.
Who is Police Circle Inspector.
It s up.
When Dr Pasupathy s ` uncle   his associate  enters the village to see Bhairavan and joins his scam.
<EOS>
Tang Bo Hu was a talented and well-educated scholar.
Well-to-do and famous  he cared nothing for fame and fortune but spent his time roaming the country  enjoying leisure  poetry and song.
One day  Tang Bo Hu happened to be.
When Lady Hua  the wife  arrived with an entourage of attending maids  servants  and porters.
Tang heard the whispers.
Lady Hua s maids were renowned.
Curious  he stopped to watch.
One   caught his eye.
Who was extraordinarily pretty.
Tang followed the group and overheard.
The maid s name was Autumn Fragrance.
Unable to resist  Tang playfully knelt next.
She prayed.
He flirted and pinned her skirt with his knee  preventing her from leaving.
Another maid came.
Together the two women left the temple.
She gave a shy smile.
Autumn Fragrance entered her palanquin.
Lady Hua s party returned home.
Tang hired the services and followed them.
Tang got the rower to sing teasing songs to Autumn Fragrance.
Annoyed  she threw a basin over to the side and got.
Tang soaked.
Feeling sorry  she smiled gently again.
Tang Bo Hu followed Lady Hua s entourage back.
He tried to make small talk.
She was annoyed and then amused.
Then she gave him a third smile.
The scholar fell head over heels in love with Autumn Fragrance.
He went and tried to figure out a way to make his way inside.
Seeing  Tang pretended to be a poor youth.
The Hua s chief butler was kind.
Who was just robbed.
The butler took pity and introduced him to the Grand Tutor.
Who hired him.
Tang was now renamed Hua An.
<EOS>
Hazel Woodus is a child.
She loves and understands all the wild animals.
She turns.
Whenever she has problems.
Local squire Jack Reddin sees Hazel and wants her.
She has already promised herself.
A struggle ensues.
<EOS>
Fabbrizio Disguisey  the latest in a long line of Italian secret agents known as Masters of Disguise  barely avoids getting caught.
Breaking up a smuggling ring run.
Bowman goes decides it best to keep his family s identity a secret from his infant son  Pistachio.
23 years later  Fabbrizio runs an Italian restaurant.
Thanks  Pistachio has a tendency to mock people at random  doing perfect but annoying and badly timed impersonations.
He s also looking.
His nerdy demeanor makes him unlikeable  like fellow waiter Rex.
One night  Devlin Bowman  fresh out  kidnaps Fabbrizio and Mama  forcing the former to use his Disguisey powers to steal legendary artifacts like the U.
S.
Constitution.
Meanwhile  Pistachio is visited.
Who reveals Pistachio s heritage and begins training him.
Eventually  Pistachio gets the basics down.
His grandfather gets him an assistant  the gorgeous Jennifer Baker.
Who is a little confused.
The two search the area and find one.
Where Fabbrizio was kidnapped.
Is emblazoned.
Pistachio disguises himself.
Who dresses and acts.
They manage to learn Bowman s name and scheme  as well as that.
He ll be the next day.
Pistachio and Jennifer go.
They meet Bowman.
Who invites Jennifer.
Pistachio goes.
Jennifer looks.
Pistachio causes so much trouble.
She gets it.
He s forced to abandon Jennifer when Bowman sends his men.
Pistachio loses the henchmen.
He uses other disguises   to get Jennifer to safety.
That night  Pistachio and Jennifer look.
They deduce.
Bowman has forced Fabbrizio to go back to steal the treasures for Bowman.
They find Jennifer s boyfriend out.
There. 
Pistachio then ends up slapping him  then leaving with the love-struck Jennifer.
Bowman s men kidnap Jennifer as soon.
They arrive back.
Her son  Barney   finds him talking.
Whom Pistachio has befriended.
A plan is formed.
Pistachio  disguised  breaks into Bowman s house and stops the auction.
But  Bowman has one final trick up his sleeve.
He has attached a mask to Fabbrizio s head  making.
Him appear to be Bowman.
Pistachio is forced to fight his father.
The real Bowman escapes.
Pistachio helps his father snap out of it  they free Mama  return the artifacts  Pistachio marries Jennifer  and becomes an official Master of Disguise.
However  there is one final thing -- Bowman still has the Constitution.
To deal.
Luckily  the Disguiseys find him.
Disguised.
Bush  he  along  defeat Bowman once and for all.
<EOS>
Four young delinquents  nicknamed Ice  Lebanese  Dandy and Grand steal a car.
Crashing  Grand is crushed by the steering column.
Back  they are discovered by the police.
Ice  Lebanese and Dandy run away  but are captured.
Grand   dies.
Who is mortally wounded.
Roll opening credits.
Some years later   Ice is released from prison  and met by Lebanese  has come up with a plan to kidnap and hold to ransom Baron Rossellini  a wealthy aristocrat.
Who tells him he.
Whom Lebanese s parents worked.
He has formed a gang - they are Black  Bright Eye  Ricotta  Bufalo  Rat and Ciro and Aldo Buffoni.
Lebanese shoots him.
Trying to get the Baron to pose.
Nonetheless  they fake the proof  and get the 3 billion lire.
However  the local Police Commissioner Nicola Scialoja manages to record the serial numbers.
The gang receive it  setting out to capture the gang.
Lebanese proposes to split 500 million lire  and use the remaining.
The gang divide up the money.
5 billion to build a foothold  starting with drug dealing.
However  the drugs racket is owned  and so the gang wipe his gang out apart from Gemito.
Who Lebanese bribes to help them.
His body guards killed  Terrible wakes to find Ice  Lebanese and Dandy.
Cornered  he reluctantly agrees to let give control to the gang.
The gang grows.
Rome falls.
Dandi meets and becomes enamoured.
Who  in order to be kept and in order to prevent Dandi becoming involved in brawls provoked by his jealousy  is bought over and given a brothel.
Ice  meanwhile falls with his younger brother Gigio s tutor  Roberta.
However  Lebanese begins to consider Ice s romance a weakness  a point reinforced.
When Ice asks to be dismissed.
Lebanese casts up the car theft from their childhood.
Where his leg was permanently damaged.
Ice and Roberta begin to learn English.
They will elope there.
Then Ice receives.
A phone call informing him that Lebanese is dead  stabbed after a bitter game of poker.
Then begins Ice s quest  aided by Dandy.
Yet Scialoja is and succeeds in capturing Ice  then the other members of the gang except Dandy.
Ice plans with the help of his friends.
A deadly spiral has already begun to coil around them all.
The film is something  notably Favino.
Who won a Donatello award as Lebanese.
<EOS>
A tornado sweeps  liftting Dorothy and Toto.
The two tumble  landing on the Scarecrow.
The trio stroll together  soon finding a Tin Woodman and oiling him.
They are welcomed into the Emerald City.
Suits sing to them  Hail to the Wizard of Oz.
The Wizard is a cackling white-bearded man.
Who produces custom seats.
He proceeds to perform magic.
These are variations.
Objects appear.
The hen is able to take the eggs back.
Finally  the hen releases an egg.
Will not stop growing.
The five try to fight it.
Soon   the hen takes the chick  and clucks out Rock-a-bye Baby.
The egg hatches.
A chorus joins her.
The five laugh  and the film ends.
<EOS>
Michael Faraday is a college history professor.
Who has been raising his nine-year-old son  Grant.
Somewhat regarding American terrorism and due to teach a class on terrorism at the university  Michael starts to become suspicious of his new suburban neighbors  Oliver and Cheryl Lang  to the emergency room following a reported fireworks accident.
Whom he s just met.
His suspicions are based on little things such as Oliver s architectural blueprints.
Seem to be than the shopping mall he claims he s building  as well as pieces of mail that contradict where Oliver said he attended college.
Neither his girlfriend and former student  Brooke Wolfe  nor his wife s former FBI partner  Whit Carver  believe any.
Michael discovered.
Oliver s real name is William Fenimore  and that he built a pipe bomb when he was.
William confronts Michael.
He reveals.
Oliver Lang is the name.
William s family had owned a farm.
It went broke.
The government appropriated the river that ran.
The crops died.
They could not raise any animals.
William s dad then killed himself and made.
It look so the family could claim the life insurance.
He left a note explaining everything.
He built the pipe bomb to get back.
He took his name the next day to hide his past.
When William s friend Oliver died.
This makes.
Michael think twice about what he had found out.
Michael continues to uncover and becomes even more wary.
What could be possible evidence.
Michael s girlfriend  Brooke  casually spots Oliver and follows his car.
Her trail ends up.
Where she decides to call Michael and leave a message  finally accepting his fears as founded.
Who had obviously heard the whole message.
Brooke s murder   is covered up.
Happens. 
It look like Brooke died.
Michael realizes this  a few days later.
At least two voice messages were left and then erased by someone else.
He tells Carver  and is going to get proof.
Lang may have been involved.
Louis to talk.
Scobee s son blew up an IRS building 5 years ago  killing himself and eight children.
It becomes obvious.
Scobee  another man who was accused.
Louis  was set up.
Another clue leads Faraday to suspect.
His son may be.
Eventually the conspirators use a field trip to keep Faraday s son Grant as an unknowing hostage.
Faraday rents a car the next day and follows the van.
His son is.
Eventually leads him.
Lang causes Faraday to crash and begins to beat him up.
He tries to help him understand.
Killing hundreds wo nt make a difference.
Faraday has to stop it.
When Oliver refuses to call off the bomb.
It s too late.
Faraday forces his car  only to discover.
He has followed the wrong van.
Attempting to calm Faraday  Whit informs him.
He is the only person not cleared to be.
Realizing his mistake too late  Faraday rushes  opening it to reveal a hidden bomb.
Seconds before it explodes  killing Faraday  Whit  and 182 others.
Posthumously  he is vilified.
The Langs get away.
Grant  now orphaned  ends up living  not knowing of his father s innocence.
Cheryl suggests.
The Langs decide to move out.
They should go someplace nice  someplace safe.
<EOS>
Omanakuttan  is a Bank Manager.
But he is very interested stage plays and he.
Himself has directed and acted.
He is approached from town headed by Pavan  to produce their debut venture.
Omanakuttan  agrees to finance the film.
Who is a cinema aspirant.
He was offered the lead role.
Eventually  he learns.
Neither Pavanan nor his associates know anything.
Omanakuttan decides himself to script and direct the film.
He completes the film successfully but fails to find a distributor.
To find a distributor  Omanakuttan goes.
Fate had something else planned there.
His bag gets.
Stolen and while chasing the thief  he gets hit.
Fortunately the car was that.
He decides to distribute the film.
Became a super hit.
<EOS>
The first portion  Rust follows a group  a smelting plant  an electric cable factory and a sheet metal factory.
Workers face sub-standard equipment  hazardous waste  and lack of safety precautions.
Perhaps even worse   the factories also face a constant lack of raw materials  leaving the workers idle and concerned for their future.
The second part  Remnants follows the families.
Wang focuses on the teenage children but must also cope with their inevitable displacement.
Who concern themselves.
Tie Xi s factories continue to close down.
The third part  Rails narrows its focus.
Who scavenge the rail yards to sell raw parts to the factories.
Their future suddenly becomes uncertain.
<EOS>
A severe drought strikes the town.
Young reporter Philip Henderson arrives and stirs old tensions.
The locals rally together and hold a fund-raising gymkhana.
<EOS>
Joey battled leukemia  and was one of the first children to undergo chemotherapy for the disease.
The story traces John seeking the Heisman Trophy  and Joey his preteens.
Each brother inspires the other  and their family  to try harder in life.
John wins the Heisman.
John names Joey as his prime motivator  then gradually breaks down in tears.
He tells everyone he wants Joey to have his trophy.
The whole Cappelletti family is there.
Joey runs.
The film ends.
<EOS>
The Fall is an attack on the pacifism of William Jennings Bryan and Henry Ford and a plea for American preparedness for war.
America is unprepared by the European Confederated Army  a European army headed by Germany.
However  America is saved.
Who raises an army to defeat the invaders.
The film is split into three sections  A nation falls  The heel of the conqueror and The uprising two years later.
<EOS>
I Love depicts the story of a young owlet  instead of the classical music.
Who wants to sing jazz.
His German parents wish him to perform.
The plot is a light-hearted tribute.
The young owl  voiced  best known as Butch of the Our Gang films  bcdb is unjustly kicked out of his family s house by his disciplinarian violinist father.
He is caught singing jazz Only with Thine Eyes to the reed organ accompaniment of his mother.
He comes.
Wandering. 
Amateur contest  hosted  and billing himself as Owl Jolson  wins the contest  but not before his father has finally seen his son s potential and allows him to freely sing jazz.
<EOS>
Chon is an engineering student living.
Chon is having bad dreams.
Which he is visited.
He also sees a misshapen black cat and occasionally sees a fetus.
Chon sometimes finds himself and can not remember.
He got there.
Chon s medical student sister Aye takes him.
Chon slices his finger open while cleaning some prawns.
Chon is eventually referred.
It becomes apparent.
There is some connection.
She discovers.
There is a connection and a mysterious university lecturer  Dr Dararai  who possesses supernatural powers of hypnosis.
Meanwhile  Chon continues to have bad dreams.
They are becoming increasingly horrifying and real.
He is repeatedly drawn.
He sees a man chopping up a body.
When he opens the door.
The man s face is Chon s.
When the man turns his head to look.
It turns out to be another dream.
Dararai has gone missing he realises that Dararai is dead.
A teaching assistant ends up being killed.
Whom Usa questioned.
A young doctor also meets his end after talking to Chon about Dararai.
Chon comes  but is always too late.
Whoever tells is killed and tries to stop the killings.
Back Chon is being tormented by Dararai again and now discovers a secret room in the house.
Who constantly says find me.
He suspected earlier behind a cupboard and discovers burnt photos in what seems to be an intimate relationship.
It now emerges.
Sethee had an affair and that Dararai took photos of themselves in bed with each other.
Dararai wanted.
To blackmail Sethee or tell Usa and as a result Sethee met up with Dararai  drugged her drink  injected her with a paralysing liquid and chopped her to pieces.
Chon is about to tell Usa  enraged Chon stabs her.
Her husband has killed Dararai but while he is again attacked by Dararai s ghost who says she will kill his sister.
He leaves to find his sister.
These events lead to the university hospital s morgue  and body number.
Chon goes and discovers.
The body  which is in drawer 19  is actually Chon s body.
Chon has   died a couple of years ago and Sethee.
Who has a multiple personality disorder believes that he is Chon when he has killed the teaching assistant  the doctor and has stabbed his own wife Usa who he believed was Dararai s ghost when he was believing he was Chon.
He is arrested.
His trial is put on hold.
A flashback occurs back.
When he is about Dararai s drink.
Its revealed.
Dararai was aware that Sethee has drugged her drink hypnotises him and gives him a multiple personality disorder.
The flashback finishes.
He is being escorted in a van with his Lawyers in the van.
He escapes out and runs from the police and lawyers  He runs in front of another van.
Is carrying metal poles.
The van stops and does nt run over Sethee but the metal poles are flung off the van.
They all hit and impale Sethee.
He is left with lots of metal poles pieced inside him.
The last scene shows Sethee  he is unconscious but suddenly Dararai s ghost appears.
It turns out her ghost but was real and was manipulating Sethee.
Was nt part.
She finally reveals.
She forgives him.
His mind goes back to normal but this makes Sethee conscious again and wakes him up halfway through his operation leaving him screaming in pain.
The ending credits show.
<EOS>
Neil Agar  a security agent  is dispatched to Peckham  California to investigate the death of John Grubowsky  a bacteriologist working at government-sponsored Brandt Research.
Quickly making the acquaintance  he begins interviewing the firm s leading scientists.
Of whom have reputations.
His investigation is soon complicated.
Who died.
Faced  the local sheriff  Captain Peters  holds a town meeting - an idea greeted with derision by the locals.
Which the laboratory s leading sex researcher  Henry Murger  urges the town populace to practice sexual abstinence.
Neil and Julie arrange a meeting afterwards to discuss his theories as to the cause of his deaths  only to see and run over by a car with an unseen driver.
Him chased down.
Neil discovers a secret room concealing sexual paraphernalia and Murger s gay lover  Joe.
Investigating Murger s home.
Who informs Neil that he saw Murger driving off prior to his death.
The scientists continue playing their sex games.
One  Herb Kline  is approached by Susan Harris  a beautiful entomologist working on bees.
She flirts and invites him over for dinner.
Described as an iceberg.
That night   Kline suffers.
They engage.
A fatal thrombosis and Harris reveals black compound eyes suggesting that she is more than she appears.
Meanwhile  convinced  Neil begins studying the sexual patterns.
There is a similar pattern.
Seeking information  he interrogates Dr Harris at her lab   she resumes her project - the transformation of Kline s wife Nora into a Bee Girl through a process of controlled mutation.
When he departs.
She cocoons Nora and places her in a chamber   she is bombarded with radiation and awakens with the same black compound eyes and drive to mate.
Where she is swarmed.
When she emerges.
The other transformed women possess.
The next morning  Herb Kline s body is discovered   she attempts unsuccessfully to seduce him.
When Captain Peters goes to inform Nora.
Having worked out much.
What has taken place.
The remaining department chairs and presents his theory.
The head is more receptive.
The geneticist  Stan Williams  scorns the idea.
Neil and Julie bring a radiation detector.
Picks up the gamma radiation coming.
Aware  the transformed women move to eliminate the remaining scientists  Williams is killed.
They have been detected.
Ferrara dies by Dr Harris.
Who then lures Julie.
He realizes.
When Neil discovers Ferrara s body.
What the women are up.
Racing  he interrupts the women.
They begin the process.
He leaves.
Neil then rescues Julie and bars the door  leaving the mutated women to die amidst a cascade.
<EOS>
Priya breaks the affair.
She gets a proposal.
Surya becomes invisible.
He hits Ajay and advises Priya to give up Ajay.
Others can only hear his voice  he tells them.
He is God.
Taking the advantage  he loots a bank.
Thamizharasu is the ACP.
Who is assigned to investigate the bank robbery.
Later Surya reveals.
He d loved Priya.
Then Singampuli shoots Surya sows.
Where Surya is.
<EOS>
Sergeant Peter King and Private Leslie Cuthbertson desire to see active service  but are held back.
Armed  they plan an unauthorised mission to occupied France.
They write explaining their intention to fight the Germans.
They stumble.
They finally succeed.
They blow up  and then the entire compound unexpectedly erupts.
What they take to be the main operations room.
They narrowly evade the Germans and escape.
Is later blown up.
They are returned to be court-martialed as deserters.
Their identities have been established.
An aide had seen their letter  and knew of a commando raid on the radar facility.
Was facilitated.
The aide intervenes  establishes their presence at the enemy radar station and conveys an invitation to tea with the Prime Minister.
They ever be.
The court nevertheless demotes Sergeant King and remands Private Cuthbertson to military prison for 28 days  lenient sentences for desertion in wartime.
A note tells the viewer.
The men never meet again.
<EOS>
The film explores the love triangle.
It chronicles Jack Kerouac writing his seminal novel  and its effect on their lives.
<EOS>
The story starts.
Who   want to take a mule ride down into the canyon with a guide  Henry.
The next day the trio head down.
The guide offers to take them to old petroglyphs.
Are a half days ride away.
Lori eventually agrees to the journey.
Henry is bitten twice by rattlesnakes and in the process.
The trio s mules flee.
They are forced to make camp and begin heading back the next day.
The guide is delirious and later succumbs to the venom and dies.
The couple bury him and are left to struggle on to find a way out.
The couple eventually reach a dead end with petroglyphs  realizing.
They have in fact got further away.
Nick suggests attempting to climb the rock face.
She manages to call the emergency services but only manages to say.
They are before being cut off.
Nick then loses his grip and the couple fall.
Gets trapped.
Nick s leg is completely trapped and.
He suggests that they cut his leg off so they can keep going.
Lori disagrees but eventually she agrees and goes in search of the body of their guide to get his knife and returns to Nick to cut the leg.
Infection has set in.
Nick is  barely being able to move at all.
Lori succeeds and cauterizes the wound with the blade of the knife after it being placed in the fire.
Successfully fights them off.
When night falls wolves get attracted and try to attack but Lori.
Track the smell and keep following them.
When the next day dawns Lori fashions a stretcher to move Nick.
The stretcher breaks.
Lori attempts to drag Nick on  rejecting his pleas to leave him behind.
The wolves are relentless and exhausted from days without food or water  wolves attack Nick.
Lori loses the ability to defend him  as she fends off wolves.
Her back is turned.
The wolves surround them.
To prevent Nick she performs Euthanasia on him by suffocating him.
She breaks down and goes.
A rescue helicopter rounds the edge to Nick s body.
<EOS>
The film opens.
One day  a beggar comes and asks for some water.
Leaving the young sister  the elder sister goes to fetch water.
She finds.
When she returns.
Both her sister and the beggar are missing.
The film then progresses.
Who is scoffed.
One day  Murali skips his studies and runs away.
He makes a good friendship.
Murali s school teacher enquires about Murali s background and recognises his pathetic condition.
One day  the school teacher finds him and persuades him to stay.
Later  Kakkothi comes and insists.
He should stay.
Murali convinces her and takes her to the teacher s house.
Kakkothi reminisces her past.
She finds her own childhood photos.
She was the girl kidnapped by the beggar years ago.
She then runs away.
The remainder deals with the happenings in Kakkothi s life.
The film is picturised.
The film includes many funny sequences.
<EOS>
Marshal Antonio Carotenuto arrives back to take care of the local traffic police.
Donna Sofia  an attractive fishmonger  almost accepts marriage almost as a joke to make Nicolino  a fisherman.
Who she is genuinely with  jealous.
<EOS>
The film begins after the expedition.
Nobile has endured years for his actions during the disaster and its aftermath.
He imagines his apartment turned against him  - including Captain Zappi  his navigator and his meteorologist Finn Malmgren.
Where witnesses and judges are his former crewmen.
Also arrayed are Valeria  Malmgren s lover  Captain Romagna  one of the expedition s would-be recuers  famed aviator Lundborg  professor Samoilovich  chief of the Soviet rescue mission  his pilot Boris Chukhnovski  and Roald Amundsen.
Who lost his life for survivors of Nobile s expedition.
The events are depicted.
They try Nobile.
The expedition is successful  but ends in disaster.
The Italia is weighed down.
When ice forms.
Colliding  the airship s gondola is torn from its envelope  the upper frame.
Contains the airship s lifting cells.
Freed floats away and out of control  taking some of Nobile s crew with it.
Nobile maintains control.
Who are now marooned.
Rescue efforts are made.
Nobile s group is first found.
Who lands.
The aviator insists.
He can only take Nobile.
Reluctantly  Nobile agrees  sure he can best assist the rescue.
He returns.
These efforts are blocked  reaching the Italian ship Citta di Milano.
He finds that his superiors have stripped him for apparently abandoning his crew.
He is to have no role.
Desperate  Nobile contacts the Krasin  imploring her captain in rescuing the survivors.
Unfortunately  the Krasin has sustained damage.
Also   Nobile can not give the Krasin an accurate position.
Has drifted.
Amundsen joins the rescue effort as well  but disappears  becoming another victim.
Amundsen explains.
He died soon after his plane finds the remains.
The pilot  ordered to land  crashes instead and is killed.
Amundsen survives the crash  but is otherwise doomed.
There is nothing to build shelter or fire  and no hope of rescue.
He also finds.
None survived  even though they looked alive when seen from above.
The Krasin finds the survivors  including Zappi and Marianno.
Who had left the others.
Malmgren   died.
Who had also joined Zappi.
He could be rescued.
Pressed  Samoilovich defends Nobile s actions  noting.
His rescue was a direct result of Nobile s escape to King s Bay.
Neither can he fault Nobile s apparent lack.
A captain has no right to risk his own safety.
The others quickly reach a verdict.
Amundsen discounts the verdict  finding each.
The accusers file out.
Nobile reveals his feelings of guilt for leaving the men on the ice  remembering.
His first thoughts were not of rescue  but of a good hot bath.
Amundsen helps Nobile find peace.
His frailty is only a sign.
<EOS>
Cars takes place.
The film begins.
Ends. 
The tiebreaker race is scheduled week later at the fictional Los Angeles International Speedway in California.
Lightning is desperate to win the race.
It would allow him to leave the unglamorous sponsorship and allow him to take The King s place as the sponsored car of the lucrative Dinoco team.
Eager to start practice as soon as possible  Lightning pushes his big rig  Mack  to travel all night long.
The exhausted Mack drifts off and is startled  causing McQueen to fall out the back of the truck into the road.
McQueen is sleeping.
McQueen wakes  and speeds off the highway to find Mack  ending up in a run-down town of Radiator Springs and inadvertently ruining the pavement of its main road.
McQueen is ordered by the town s judge and doctor  Doc Hudson  to leave town immediately.
The local lawyer  Sally Carrera  insists.
McQueen be given community service to repave the road  to which Doc begrudingly agrees.
McQueen tries to repave it  but it turns out to be shoddy.
McQueen is ordered to repave the road again.
Takes several days to complete.
He becomes friends with several of the cars  and learns.
Radiator Springs used to be a popular stopover.
S.
Route 66  but  it was effectively taken off the map.
McQueen also discovers.
Doc is really the Fabulous Hudson Hornet  a three-time Piston Cup winner who was forced out and quickly forgotten by the sport.
McQueen finishes.
The road  which has invigorated the cars to improve their town  and spends an extra day with his new friends  before Mack and the media descend on the town  led by a tip to McQueen s location.
McQueen reluctantly leaves to get to California in time for the race.
Sally chastises Doc.
McQueen s mind is not fully set on the race.
He soon falls.
He is surprised to discover.
Doc Hudson  decked out  has taken over as his crew chief  along with several other friends from Radiator Springs to help in the pit.
Inspired and recalling tricks  McQueen quickly emerges to lead the race.
He learned.
Hicks  refusing to lose  sends Weathers.
Seeing this and recalling Doc s fate  McQueen stops just short  allowing Hicks to win  and drives back to push Weathers over the finish line.
The crowd and media condemn Hicks  victory and give praise.
McQueen declines  insisting.
Offered the Dinoco sponsorship deal.
Later  back returns and announces there  helping to put Radiator Springs back on the map.
He will be setting up his headquarters.
Van and Minny  the two minivans  appear to have lost their way and are stranded in the middle of the desert  dusty and tired.
Who came.
Van is seen to have gone insane and drive off.
A Beetle fly crashes.
<EOS>
Banker Andy Dufresne is convicted of murdering his wife and her lover  based on circumstantial evidence  and is sentenced to two consecutive life sentences at Shawshank State Penitentiary.
Andy quickly befriends contraband smuggler Ellis Red Redding  an inmate serving a life sentence.
Red procures a rock hammer  allowing him to create small stone chess pieces.
Red later gets him a large poster  followed in later years by images of Marilyn Monroe and Raquel Welch.
Andy works  but is regularly assaulted by the bull queer gang the Sisters and their leader Bogs.
Andy overhears the brutal chief guard Byron Hadley complaining about taxes on a forthcoming inheritance  and informs him about a financial loophole.
Bogs is beaten and crippled.
Another vicious assault kills Andy.
Bogs is sent.
Andy is not attacked again.
Warden Samuel Norton meets and reassigns him to the prison library  to assist elderly inmate Brooks Hatlen  a pretext for Andy to manage financial duties for the prison.
His advice and expertise are soon sought at Shawshank and from nearby prisons.
Andy begins writing weekly letters to improve the decrepit library.
Brooks is freed on parole  but unable to adjust to the outside world after 50 years in prison  he hangs himself.
Andy receives a library donation.
Includes a recording.
He plays an excerpt  resulting in him receiving solitary confinement.
Andy explains.
He holds that the prison can not take from him.
Red dismisses the idea.
Norton begins exploiting prison labor for public works  profiting by undercutting skilled labor costs and receiving kickbacks.
He has Andy launder the money using the alias Randall Stephens.
Tommy Williams is incarcerated for robbery.
He joins Andy and Red s circle.
Andy helps him to pass his General Educational Development examinations.
After hearing the details of Andy s case  Tommy reveals.
An inmate claimed responsibility for an identical murder  suggesting Andy s innocence.
Andy approaches Norton.
The warden refuses to listen.
Norton places Andy and has Tommy murdered by Hadley under the guise of an escape attempt.
Andy refuses to continue.
Norton threatens to destroy the library and take away his protection and preferential treatment.
He tells Red.
Andy is released.
Andy instructs him   to visit a specific hayfield to retrieve a package.
Red shrugs it off.
He ever be freed.
The next day is empty.
Enraged  Norton throws one at the poster of Raquel Welch hanging on the wall.
The rock tears  revealing a tunnel.
Andy had dug over the previous two decades.
The previous night  Andy escaped with Norton s ledger  containing details of the money laundering.
Andy  posing  visits several banks to withdraw the laundered money.
Guards search the following morning.
Finally  he sends the ledger and evidence and murders at Shawshank to a local newspaper.
The police arrive and take Hadley into custody.
Norton commits suicide to avoid arrest.
Red receives parole.
He struggles to adapt outside prison and fears.
He never will.
Remembering his promise  he visits Buxton and finds a cache containing money and a letter  asking him to come to Zihuatanejo.
Red violates his parole and travels to cross the border to Mexico  admitting.
He finally feels hope.
He finds Andy.
The two friends are happily reunited.
<EOS>
Madame Talandier is a divorcee living the high life.
Her current lover is the overweight Percy Talandier but then she meets Count Lerski and sets her sights.
Then she hears  he works as a waiter.
Lerski he is not a count.
<EOS>
Jermaine Davis is a young corporate tycoon.
Who is newly married and has recently moved with his lovely and supportive wife Jasmine.
Jermaine becomes bored.
Becoming settled.
He asks his wife to engage a trois with another woman.
Order to generate more excitement.
She reluctantly agrees.
Jermaine begins to feel the insecurities.
They ve committed the act.
He attempts to sever all ties with the woman.
Unfortunately  it proves more complicated to remove this person.
He realizes.
His curiosity has thrown him with a dangerous lunatic and may cost him his marriage.
<EOS>
The story follows a Jack Russell Terrier named Olive.
Who does not act at all.
She finds her owner  Tim  putting away Christmas decorations and announcing morosely.
When she returns home.
There wo nt be any Christmas.
Olive eventually finds out.
This is because Blitzen  one  is injured and can not fly.
Santa hopes.
He can make the Christmas run.
Mishearing this as Olive the other reindeer  Olive becomes convinced  prompting her to travel to the North Pole to fill in on the sleigh team.
It is she Santa is referring.
Olive runs into an evil mailman.
Who is fed up.
He is vengeful and is determined to stop Olive from saving Christmas.
She then meets Martini  a con artist penguin.
Olive goes to the Mauvehound bus station to buy a ticket to Arctic Junction.
Martini shows up.
Olive buys him a bus ticket.
Olive is captured.
They can leave the station.
Who tells people that Olive is wanted.
Martini rolls several pens along the ground  tripping up the mailman.
Martini and Olive then catch the bus right.
It leaves.
Olive and Martini talk to two Eskimos and driver Richard Stans.
They all believe.
Olive misheard Santa  but wish her luck anyway.
The mailman pulls up next in his mail truck.
Martini fashions a paper airplane out and throws it at the mailman  knocking him off the road.
There is a one-hour wait  so they go inside the restaurant for some food.
When they arrive.
They order some food.
The group does not know.
Their waitress is really the mailman  dressed up.
The mailman lures Olive outside  saying.
Santa is going to give her a flying test.
Then  once outside  he throws Olive.
Olive finds a package addressed from Deus Ex Machina.
He is driving away.
The package is a metal file.
Olive uses to escape.
Back  Richard says.
He can not give Olive and Martini a ride  because he is needed  and does not want to lose his job.
The two go  and are initially harassed by Round John Virgin and Schnitzel  Blitzen s flightless cousin.
They apologize.
Round John Virgin offers Martini and Olive a ride in his vehicle  named The Polar Express.
Olive is denied entrance to see Santa.
Martini gives the guard a watch.
If it was a gift.
He says.
When the guard asks Martini to fix it.
He needs to kill the alarm  because the electromagnetic waves will interfere.
Olive digs  and proceeds to find Santa.
He s not sure.
He wants to go out.
He s received mean-spirited letters.
Olive convinces him.
The mean letters are really from the mailman.
They have no postmark  and is put to fly Santa s sleigh.
The mailman switches the toy bag and kidnaps Martini.
They leave.
What has happened.
He thinks Olive is a Ghost.
Martini uses a jack-in-the-box to scare the mailman.
Who hits the window and is knocked unconscious.
They retrieve the presents and rescue Martini  and then deliver the presents.
Lost guides them back to the North Pole by smelling the gingerbread cookies Ms.
Claus baked.
Olive is given a pair of antlers to wear.
She goes home and makes amends.
Who is glad that she does not care if she is different.
Meantime  bound  the mailman is put in the penguin exhibit in the zoo in place of Martini.
Martini becomes the new mailman.
Everyone enjoys Christmas Day.
<EOS>
Kali lives along.
Jyothi is a singer.
Who sings chorus.
A lady police inspector keeps and tries to seduce him to make him fall in her love.
Kali is also a threat.
He answers only.
Things work.
Knowing this  once Jyothi claims.
She is Kali s person to save herself.
Eve teasers leave her.
Like in any other film Kali happens to encounter Jyothi.
Gopichand inclines and proposes her.
But she negates and tells her flash back.
Jyothi s aim is to become an IAS officer.
She happens to meet Surya.
Who is another IAS aspirant.
They make friendship and eventually love sprouts.
Surya shuns his idea of becoming IAS officer but encourages Jyothi in her attempts.
He also says.
He would marry her.
He accentuates.
He wants to see her.
He also makes a nameplate.
Reads ` Jyothi Surya IAS.
But accidentally he gets killed.
Jyothy wishes to remain unmarried.
Is rest.
What happens after Jyothy tells her flash back.
Will Kali marry Jyothy.
<EOS>
The three smart guys are Mickey  Froggy  and Buckwheat.
They devise a scheme to play hooky and go fishing.
They misbehave.
The teacher will expel them.
But they are forced to stay instead.
The next morning they decide to just play hooky and go fishing.
The kids make the acquaintance.
Arriving. 
Who advises them that they ll never hook the fish unless they return to school.
Duly chastened  the boys rush off.
All is forgiven.
<EOS>
Lyle Swann is a well-known dirt bike motorcycle racer.
Who is.
Swann has a reputation but is plagued by technical problems from the high-tech gadgetry.
He incorporates.
He stumbles.
When Swann accidentally goes far.
Utilizes maser velocity acceleration to send objects back.
Swann rides and gets sent back to November 5  1875  The scientists soon realize.
What has happened  but Swann rides before the system can return him to the present.
Unaware has really happened to him  Swann rides off.
He runs.
Taking a swim break.
Reese becomes obsessed.
The outlaws pursue Swann  but his red suit and dirtbike scare the local Mexicans.
Who think he is the devil.
There  he meets a beautiful woman  Claire Cygne  and severely wounds one.
Who gives him a safe place to hide.
The village priest compels them to withdraw.
Reese continues to plot the capture.
Swann is seduced by Claire and sleeps with her.
She is later kidnapped for her shooting and wounding one of them.
They also manage to capture the dirtbike  leading.
Swann gets help.
Swann manages to retrieve his dirtbike and rescue Claire  but the posse s leader is killed.
Another is mortally wounded and dies later.
Reese s band of outlaws faces Swann  the last survivor of the posse  and Claire atop a plateau.
Reese s men run away.
When a helicopter shows up to take Swann home.
Reese stays behind and fires  killing one of the pilots.
The helicopter begins spinning wildly.
The surviving pilot tries to maintain control  knocking the dirtbike.
Reese gets mangled  leaving only a pair of bloody boots behind.
The helicopter manages to land and extract Swann.
Claire snatches s neck a pendant handed down from his.
As the helicopter pulls away.
Who had stolen it as a reminder of one incredible night they had together.
Swann realizes.
He is his own.
<EOS>
Elderly Miss Morrison tries to console her young friend Kip.
Whose sweetheart Barbara has been offered a job.
Later Barbara goes.
Who reveals that years ago she was the internationally famous opera.
Miss Morrison then relates her story  Marcia  a young American singer  is guided to success by famed voice teacher Nicolai.
Who introduces her.
That night  Nicolai proposes.
She accepts.
Though they both know that she is not.
Later  feeling restless  Marcia takes a ride  and is stranded.
When her driver s horse runs away.
She meets American Paul Allison.
Who is also a singer  but not as Marcia.
She at first refuses to see him again out  but soon promises to lunch with him the next day.
They are attracted.
They enjoy their lunch together.
Marcia again says and leaves.
They can no longer see each other.
Paul then steals tickets to see her perform The Huguenots that evening.
He goes and only leaves.
He is thrown out by the manager.
When she promises to join him.
Cloud.
Paul tells her.
She says.
She owes Nicolai too much and could never break a promise.
They then part.
Marcia   becomes the toast.
The years pass.
Who has married Nicolai.
She realizes.
Her life is hollow.
Her lack has made them both unhappy.
Faithful and devoted.
Nicolai arranges for Marcia to sing Czaritza  co-starring with Paul.
Who has become a baritone.
Is. 
Who Nicolai does not realize.
They act at first.
If they have never met before.
Nicolai begins to suspect the truth.
When Archipenco  Paul s singing teacher  talks.
Nicolai then recognizes Paul.
Who left Marcia s dressing room.
Night  Nicolai becomes jealous over the obvious emotion in Paul and Marcia s onstage love scenes  but does nt know.
They plan to run away together.
Later    she asks for her freedom.
When Nicolai questions Marcia.
He promises to give.
Marcia soon discovers  however.
Nicolai has gone with a gun.
Nicolai shoots him.
As Marcia arrives.
Paul then dies  telling her.
Memories together did last him all his life.
Miss Morrison helps.
Barbara realize that she and Kip belong together.
Miss Morrison dies and is finally united.
She watches the young lovers embrace.
<EOS>
Eva  pays her way by working as a waitress at a diner in Manhattan s Lower East Side owned by Quint.
She maks extra cash.
The film also involves Eva s new boyfriend Zip  wanna-be actress Myrna  Al s girlfriend Simone  gangster Gascone  and Al s driver UB.
Eva is ready to give up both the loan collecting and acting  dreaming.
Al agrees to let her go  but needs her.
Al also plans to produce a stage production.
He offers a role to UB.
He will murder Zip.
<EOS>
OSS 117 is asked by a female acquintaince.
He beseeches him to retrieve secret documents.
Have been stolen.
He complies.
No obstacle or danger can hinder him to meet her expectations.
<EOS>
The film takes place in.
Having been grotesquely disfigured  Sir Edward Markham is kept locked in his room by his guilt-ridden brother  Julian.
Tiring  Sir Edward plots to escape by faking his death.
They hire witchdoctor NGalo to concoct a drug to put Sir Edward into a death-like trance.
Julian finds his ` dead  brother and puts him.
Trench has time to act.
Embarrassed  Julian asks Trench to find a proxy body for Sir Edward s lying in state.
Trench and NGalo murder landlord Tom Hacket and offer his corpse.
Dispose of Hacket s body in a nearby river.
Julian has Sir Edward buried.
Now free  Julian marries his young fiance  Elizabeth.
Trench  Norton and NGalo go their separate ways.
Sir Edward is left buried alive and delivered.
He is dug up.
Neuhartt opens the oblong box and is confronted.
Sir Edward blackmails the doctor into sheltering him.
Sir Edward then conceals his face.
Norton is first and has his throat slit.
Sir Edward finds time to romance Neuhartt s maid Sally.
He discharges.
When Neuhartt finds out.
Sally and she goes to work.
He is sidetracked.
Searching. 
Who drag him.
Here he ends up.
Who tries to roll him  only to be killed by Sir Edward s knife.
The police get involved.
The hunt is.
Meanwhile  Julian has become suspicious.
Trench supplied  after his friend Kemp finds it washed up on a riverbank.
Julian confronts Trench.
Who tells him the truth.
Trench is dispatched by Sir Edward  but.
Before he tells him the whereabouts.
Hoping  Sir Edward asks NGalo.
He will cure him.
Here Sir Edward learns the truth - in a case of mistaken identity he was punished for his brother s crime of killing an African child.
NGalo fails to cure Sir Edward.
They fight  NGalo stabbs Sir Edward and is rewarded.
Sir Edward returns.
Where Neuhartt tends.
Mistrusting Neuhartt s medical treatment  Sir Edward fatally wounds him and sets off to confront his brother.
Back  Julian learns the whereabouts of his brother from Sally and leaves for Dr Neuhartt s home  only to find him near death.
Meanwhile  Sir Edward arrives back home to find Sally.
Who is repulsed.
Sir Edward drags her out  pleading for her love.
Julian arrives back home and gives chase.
Sally snatches Sir Edward s hood from him and his deformed face is revealed for the first time.
Julian catches up.
Sir Edward confronts him.
Julian shoots him.
Sir Edward lurches forward.
Cradling the dying Sir Edward  Julian is bitten by him.
Sir Edward is resurrected.
This time he is six feet under.
Julian is occupying his brother s old room.
Back. 
Where he is beginning to show the first signs.
<EOS>
A Senate Armed Services Committee interviews a candidate.
Senator Lillian DeHaven criticizes the Navy for not being.
A deal is struck   the military will integrate women fully into all branches of the Navy.
Women compare favorably.
The first test is the training course.
S.
Navy Combined Reconnaissance Team.
Senator DeHaven hand-picks Lieutenant Jordan ONeil.
She is physically more feminine.
To make the grade  ONeil must survive a grueling selection program  most.
Which almost 60 percent wash out.
The enigmatic Command Master Chief John James Urgayle runs the brutal training program.
Involves 20-hour days.
ONeil demands to be held to the same standards as the male trainees.
Eight weeks  she suffers a vicious beating  with her arms tied behind her back  from the Master Chief during SERE training.
Which he tries to convince the other trainees that the presence will make them more vulnerable in combat.
ONeil fights back  and is successful.
She acquires respect from him  as well as from the other trainees.
Navy leaders  confident  become concerned.
A woman would quickly drop out.
Civilian media learn.
She becomes a sensation known.
I.
Jane.
Soon she must contend.
She is a lesbian  and is fraternizing.
ONeil is told and   will need to repeat her training.
She will be given a desk job.
Cleared. 
She decides to ring out rather than accept a desk job.
It is later revealed.
The photo evidence came from Senator DeHaven s office.
DeHaven never intended to succeed  she used ONeil as a bargaining chip in trade to prevent military base closings in her home state.
ONeil threatens to expose DeHaven.
Who then has the charges voided and ONeil restored.
The final phase is interrupted by an emergency situation.
Requires the SEAL trainees  support.
The situation involves a reconnaissance satellite powered.
Fell. 
A team.
S.
Army Rangers is dispatched to retrieve the plutonium  but their evacuation plan fails.
The SEAL trainees are sent to assist the Rangers.
The Master Chief s shooting to protect ONeil leads to a confrontation with a Libyan patrol.
ONeil displays a definitive ability in leadership and strategy while rescuing the injured Master Chief.
Whom she and McCool pull out.
The rescue mission on the Libyan coast is a success.
All those are accepted to the CRT.
Who participated.
Urgayle gives ONeil his Navy Cross and a book containing a short poem  Self-Pity  by D.
H.
Lawrence  for rescuing him.
<EOS>
Two old friends are reunited.
Who fell out.
Charlie Fineman lost everything important.
When the Twin Towers went down.
Five years have passed.
Daughters died.
Now the once-successful and sociable man has become a withdrawn shadow.
Alan is shocked to see.
When fate brings Charlie and his former college roommate Alan Johnson together once again.
How far his old friend has fallen.
Charlie s hair is long.
He wears headphones constantly to let music drown out the horrifying memories and images.
The pressures have been weighing heavily on him.
It would appear that Alan  a successful dentist  has it all.
When Charlie and Alan both need a trusted friend.
Alan endeavors to bring Charlie by convincing him to see a therapist.
Charlie is barely communicative  however  ending their sessions.
His therapist says.
He needs to tell the story eventually.
Charlie soon tells Alan his tragic story  but afterwards tries to commit suicide and ends up in a sanitarium.
Legal proceedings commence.
Where a judge must determine whether to commit Charlie.
The judge leaves the decision  asking them to think of.
What their daughter would want.
They decide  instead  Charlie moves  leaving behind the painful memories associated with his former home.
He should not be committed.
Alan visits Charlie for the day and his wife calls and tells him.
I love you and just want you to come home.
<EOS>
Maxie Howard is a high powered business woman.
Who works  as does her husband Jerry.
They were once happily married.
Their marriage became unstable.
When her fall collection became a great success and Jerry s did not.
Was even worsened when Maxie walked with another woman.
A weekly visit proves to be unsuccessful.
Inspires Maxie to file with one of the best attorneys in New York  Martin Ransil.
Meanwhile  shy  dependent and insecure Barbara Patterson gave up her career.
To marry.
Who is never.
She struggles.
When she is not occasionally working.
She starts to suspect.
He has an affair.
She Barbara decides.
He cancels another meeting.
She has had enough and files at Ransil.
He reveals.
When Eric is informed.
His mysterious behavior is due.
Barbara is delighted.
Her husband is not committing adultery.
Young Julie Weston is a nurse  pregnant with her husband Ron Weston s baby.
Ron has been coping.
She is fed up and visits Ransil as well.
When she is informed that she can no longer pay rent.
There  she walks.
The three women immediately become friends.
Ron later promises to change his life  and convinces Julie to give him another chance.
Maxie is unable to understand  and calls them naive.
Barbara and Julie are not proceeding.
It soon turns out.
Eric is having an affair  and is the father of her illegitimate child.
One night  Eric mysteriously leaves the house.
Barbara follows him  and finds out.
Humiliated  she turns to Maxie.
Meanwhile  Julie makes a discovery as well.
She leaves him  and accepts Barbara s offer to move in.
Refusing to be victims any longer  Maxie  Barbara and Julie give each other make-overs and start going out again.
Barbara is encouraged to return and get her degree.
Order to start the career that she longed  for years.
Eric longs.
Her to take him back.
She has become a strong woman and rejects him.
Maxie realizes.
She has never been more with her husband since the divorce  and reconciles with him.
Julie gives birth to a child.
Ron oversees this and expresses his interest.
Julie  however  decides to stay a single parent.
He is able to prove that he is a stable husband.
<EOS>
New York police Sgt.
Edward Delaney is.
When news comes that his hospitalized wife s kidney illness has worsened.
Approaching retirement   Delaney throws himself into the murder case.
He is fascinated.
What seems to be a very unusual weapon.
Delaney tries to cross-reference the recent killing in various parts of the city  looking for a common link.
A lack leaves.
Delaney at loose ends until he recruits assistance.
The investigation leads Delaney.
Who is leading a secret life.
Delaney uses psychological warfare.
The condition deteriorates by the hour.
<EOS>
Louis Mahe  a wealthy tobacco plantation owner  is awaiting the arrival of his bride to be  Julie Roussel.
Whom he s never met.
They became acquainted and have been corresponding by mail.
He meets his partner Jardine.
Who accompanies him to pick up the ring.
Louis drives.
Who is arriving from Noumea  the capital of New Caledonia.
She is not the woman.
When they meet he is surprised and does not recognize her.
She d sent him.
She explains.
She sent her sister s photo to assure the sincerity.
He confesses.
He too has not told the complete truth  having hid the fact that he was wealthy.
Louis and Julie quickly marry.
His adoration makes.
Him overlook inconsistencies.
He gives Julie access and plans to print her image on the cigarette.
Packs his company manufactures.
Berthe Roussel  demanding to know the whereabouts of Julie  Louis returns home to find  emptying his bank accounts.
Julie is gone  and that she s absconded.
Louis meets Julie s sister Berthe.
Who informs him that the woman he married was not Julie  and that she saw her sister board the Mississippi.
They hire a private detective  Comolli  to track down the impostor and bring her.
Louis suddenly collapses from exhaustion.
He sees Julie  dancing at a nightclub in Antibes.
Recuperating. 
He buys a gun and travels.
Where he breaks in  intent on killing her.
She offers no resistance.
When she returns and is confronted.
Explaining  she tells him  of the years  Richard.
Her real name is Marion Vergano.
She spent with a heartless gangster.
Who was on the Mississippi.
She recounts.
When they met Julie Roussel and learned  Richard fabricated a plot to kill Julie and send Marion in her place to rob Louis.
Afterwards Richard forced her to go through.
She tells Louis.
She still loves him.
Louis forgives her.
Louis and Marion buy a red convertible and drive and spend their days traveling the region and making love.
Where they move together.
Their happiness is interrupted  however.
Who has arrived on the trail of the impostor.
Louis shoots him dead and buries him in the wine cellar of their house.
Louis and Marion flee.
She grows increasingly dissatisfied and longs for a life of luxury in Paris.
Louis returns briefly and sells his share in the plantation to his partner Jardine.
He finds.
The police are.
Again they are forced to flee  leaving most behind.
They head.
Where they find an isolated cabin.
They hope to cross over.
Marion is restless and unhappy.
Louis becomes increasingly ill.
He suspects.
Nearly collapsing.
Marion has been putting rat poison.
He attempts to escape.
Marion brings him back.
He reveals his knowledge  accepts his fate with no regrets  and expresses his overwhelming love for her.
She pours him another glass.
Ashamed  Marion knocks the glass from Louis  hand and vows to make amends.
She acknowledges.
No woman deserves to be loved.
She assures him.
She loves him and that they can still go away together.
Crying  Marion tells him  I m learning.
What love is  Louis.
It s painful.
They leave the cabin in a snow storm and head off together toward the border.
Louis regains his strength.
<EOS>
Hubert Blaydon  an Australian farmer  inherits a baronial estate and moves to collect it.
He finds it difficult to adapt and faces snobbishness from Lord Denvee and difficulties with his butler Jarms.
Patricia falls.
Who is next.
Hubert misses Australia.
He eventually contrives evidence.
Peter is the legal heir and bonds that both their sons died on the same day in World War I.
Hubert and his wife return.
Patricia and Peter are married.
<EOS>
The Asgardian Loki encounters the Other  the leader.
A powerful energy source of unknown potential  the Other promises Loki a Chitauri army.
Which he can subjugate the Earth.
Nick Fury  director.
H.
I.
E.
L.
D.
Team experimenting.
And his lieutenant Agent Maria Hill arrive during an evacuation.
Where physicist Dr Erik Selvig is leading a research.
Agent Phil Coulson explains.
The object has begun radiating an unusual form.
The Tesseract suddenly activates and opens a portal  allowing Loki to reach Earth.
Loki takes the Tesseract and uses his scepter to enslave Selvig and several agents   to aid him in his getaway.
Fury reactivates the Avengers Initiative.
Agent Natasha Romanoff is sent to recruit Dr Bruce Banner to trace the Tesseract through its gamma radiation emissions.
Coulson visits Tony Stark to have him review Selvig s research.
Fury approaches Steve Rogers.
Loki causes a distraction.
Barton steals iridium needed to stabilize the Tesseract s power.
Ends. 
Loki is being escorted.
H.
I.
E.
L.
D.
Thor  his adoptive brother  arrives and frees him hoping to convince him to abandon his plan and return.
Thor agrees to take Loki to S.
H.
I.
E.
L.
D.
S flying aircraft carrier  the Helicarrier.
There Loki is imprisoned.
Scientists Banner and Stark attempt to locate the Tesseract.
The Avengers become divided.
To approach Loki and the revelation.
H.
I.
E.
L.
D.
Plans to harness the Tesseract to develop weapons.
Barton and Loki s other possessed agents attack the Helicarrier  disabling its engines and causing Banner to transform into the Hulk.
The group argues.
Stark and Rogers try to restart the damaged engines.
Thor attempts to stop the Hulk s rampage.
Romanoff fights Barton  and knocks him unconscious  breaking Loki s mind control.
Loki escapes.
The Hulk falls after attacking a S.
H.
I.
E.
L.
D.
Fighter jet.
Fury uses Coulson s death to motivate the Avengers.
Stark and Rogers realize  he needs to overpower them publicly to validate himself.
Simply defeating them will not be enough.
Loki uses the Tesseract with a device Selvig built  to open a portal above Stark Tower to the Chitauri fleet in space  launching his invasion.
The Avengers rally  the location of the portal  but quickly realize.
They will be overwhelmed after wave of Chitauri descend upon Earth.
Rogers  Stark  and Thor evacuate civilians from Barton   eventually beating him into submission.
Banner transforms back and goes after Loki.
Romanoff makes her way.
Where Selvig  freed  reveals that Loki s scepter can be used to close the portal.
Meanwhile  Fury s superiors attempt to end the invasion.
Stark intercepts the missile and takes it.
The missile detonates  destroying the invaders  lead ship.
Disables their forces.
Stark s suit runs out.
He falls back  but the Hulk saves him from crashing to the ground.
Romanoff deactivates the portal to prevent further invasion.
Thor returns Loki and the Tesseract to Asgard.
Fury expresses confidence they are needed.
The Avengers will return if and when.
The Other confers with his master -LCB- -LCB- ref -RCB- -RCB- about the attack on Earth and humanity s resistance  in the second  the Avengers eat in silence at a shawarma restaurant.
<EOS>
The film starts - as the gears move  the sun slowly rises up over a town.
A new day begins.
The town  Hamelin  is shown to be one.
Money and social rank are the first priority.
The waste leads.
A stranger appears.
The town leaders meet to decide.
Who can entice rats to run over a cliff to their deaths.
The town leaders are very happy and offer him 1000 gold coins.
He would get rid.
The piper accepts  and begins walking  leading all of the rats behind him.
A jewellery seller walks into a woman s home and asks her to marry him.
Who was.
The woman refuses.
The jeweller persists  but the piper passes.
He can do anything.
The jewellery seller is forced to jump out.
The piper comes back into town  on the way once again stopping the jeweller s advances on the woman.
The piper and the woman sit.
Together as he plays a beautiful melody that is accompanied.
Finally  the piper goes to collect his promised payment.
The town leaders give him only a black button.
The piper leaves angrily.
Meanwhile  the jeweller is seen drinking and telling his sad tale.
Who decide to do something.
That night  they break.
She is praying  rape and kill her.
The piper comes.
This time is close the eyes.
He is too late - all that he can do.
Now the piper climbs up the highest tower  to the top floor.
Where the machinery is located.
Is the god Saturn  holding an hourglass.
The piper and Saturn have a silent conversation.
A decision is made.
All runs out.
The gears stop working.
Make the sun rise.
The sun does not rise  instead  the piper walks out and plays his pipe.
They turn and follow the sound  eventually jumping off the tower just.
The citizens hear him.
The rats did previously.
The only person left is an old fisherman.
Who comes to watch.
However  the piper ceases to exist - his cloak  now empty  flies away with the wind.
When he gets close.
The fisherman walks and finds a baby in one of the houses.
He takes the baby away.
<EOS>
Single mother Esma lives in post-war Sarajevo.
Sara wants to go.
Esma starts working.
Order to earn the money.
Sara makes friends.
Who   has no father.
Both allegedly died as war heroes.
Samir is surprised.
Sara does nt know the circumstances.
Samir s own father was massacred.
When he refused to leave the trench he was defending.
And yet   Esma s responses are always vague.
Whenever mother and daughter discuss this delicate topic.
The situation becomes more complicated.
When the school offers to take pupils.
They can furnish a certificate proving that they are the offspring.
Esma explains.
Her father s corpse was never found and that she does not possess such a certificate.
She promises to try to obtain the document.
She attempts to borrow the money - from her friend  Sabina  from her aunt and from her boss.
Sara needs.
Sara ca nt get rid.
Something s not right.
Shocked and bewildered  she lashes out  explaining.
When she discovers she is not mentioned on the list of pupils on the school trip.
Her father was massacred when he refused to desert his trench.
However  she confronts her mother  demanding to know the truth.
Esma breaks down and brutally reveals the painful facts  Esma was raped and forced to have the child.
Resulted. 
All  Sara realises.
She is the child.
And yet  the knowledge also brings them a step closer.
Sara leaves for a school trip  waving to Esma at the last moment.
Children are singing a popular song about Sarajevo.
Sara joins as well  and thus ends the film on a bright and optimistic note.
<EOS>
The story opens.
Who are.
He winds up.
Where he takes a job.
Wong kills the owner and the family  taking over the restaurant himself.
Meanwhile  the police  led are called out to a local beach.
It seems.
A bag has washed ashore.
The police begin to suspect.
Wong has both something to do.
Wong continues to gleefully murder any  disposing of their bodies in a most interesting way.
Who suspect what might be going on.
Wong is captured and placed in jail.
The cops need a confession  so they place him.
He can beat it out.
The prison scenes are just as disturbing.
Have occurred earlier -- perhaps more so.
Is not merely the violence  but the fact.
What makes them truly unsettling.
The viewer begins to sympathize.
It s hard to watch him suffer around him and not feel some kind of empathy  despite the fact.
He s a brutal murderer  and therein lies the true strength.
<EOS>
Utilizing a film-within-a-film format  the overall plot involves New York City-based director Eddie Israel directing actors Sarah Jennings and Frank Burns.
Is. 
Israel becomes more and more demanding of his actors  growing increasingly obsessive with finding the ugly truths beneath the story s surface.
All the while  his own carelessness and bad behavior begins to erode him and to corrode his marriage to Madlyn.
<EOS>
Raat Gayi  Baat Gayi.
Rahul wakes up before.
There he had met a sexy young woman - Sophia.
They got drunk.
There were sparks flying.
But Rahul does nt remember.
What happened.
Did they go all the way.
Rahul starts chasing his night -- trying to retrieve it -- trying to find out.
What really happened.
His friends Saxena and Amit are going.
Driven  he realizes.
He must seek Sophia out to restore his sanity.
<EOS>
Three outlaws rob a bank.
One is wounded.
His two partners kidnap his girlfriend take his share and run off  leaving him to be captured by the sheriff.
Years later   he goes.
He gets out.
He finds them.
He decides to play cat-and-mouse with them first.
<EOS>
High School sweethearts.
Michael and Rosy happily marry.
Things go along smoothly.
Roslyn gets pregnant.
The bills pile up.
The two grow apart.
Roslyn spends most.
Who s married.
Joannie s been cheating with a man named Frankie.
Roslyn is introduced.
Who s also married.
Immediately  Roslyn begins an affair.
Michael does nt suspect anything.
It dawns.
When the two girl friends go out and come back later and later.
They are both having affairs.
Michael works.
Who s.
One night  he goes out to have an affair.
The next morning  however  his uptight attitudes causes him to back out.
When he learns that he s not her only lover.
Eventually Lorraine leaves to go.
Roslyn s trying to break off her affair with Joey.
He wo nt give up that easily.
Varied events soon escalate.
Joey kidnaps Roslyn.
Michael goes  and takes his wife back from him.
Michael and Roslyn go their separate ways.
Michael hits the road.
<EOS>
Sathyam is a nice guy.
Who has a knack.
Sathyam leaves home and starts living.
He and his father do nt get along.
A sensitive man and a talented writer  Sathyam.
He wants to prove himself as lyricist.
A flamboyant classmate of Ankita proposes to her.
The movie then witnesses a turn.
Involves Ankita s father who happens to be a good friend.
Forms the rest.
Sathyam overcomes his obstacles and finally succeeds.
<EOS>
The film consists.
Who is intent.
<EOS>
The movie takes the perspective.
Who has spent most in prison  serving three different sentences.
Each were before Judge Nelson Biederman III.
Who seemed to show no mercy passing down indiscriminately harsh sentences.
John decides to take revenge on Biederman.
When Biederman would be presiding.
He had died three days prior.
He turns his attention.
John sneaks into Nelson s BMW.
Where he steals his change  spits  and exhausts his emergency inhaler.
Nelson IV yells at his attorney clearly upset about having to go through such an ordeal  demanding.
They leave him be and have a Fresca ready upon his arrival.
He drives down the road and  finding his inhaler empty  immediately panics and hyperventilates.
He stops and scrambles through the shelves  desperately seeking some kind of replacement for the inhaler he lost.
The pharmacy owners think.
He s another junkie  seeking some kind.
He hides behind a counter and holds up the inhaler.
The storeowner  however  mistakes the inhaler.
Leads the owners to call the police.
Nelson ends up arrested and   demands.
The Biederman foundation do whatever they have to do to have him released.
The board contemplates.
However  they soon realize.
This is their opportunity to get rid  so they conspire to get him a poor defense in trial  since they are sick and tired of his stubborn attitude.
Nelson is found guilty and sentenced three to five years Rossmore State Penitentiary.
John is not satisfied  however.
John decides to join him by intentionally selling marijuana to undercover police officers.
He pleads guilty to the same judge.
Nelson IV had  and asks.
He ends up as Nelson s cellmate.
Here he pretends to be his friend.
John consistently gives him bad advice and informs him  including Lynard  the excessively violent leader of The White Kingdom  a white-supremacy ring within the penitentiary.
He is.
Somehow  Nelson gets himself out from John.
He soon meets gang leader Barry  a hulking  burly gay fellow.
Who basically rushes Nelson.
Barry has the heart of a true romantic beating within his massive  hairy torso - he likes smooth jazz  he plies potential romantic partners with his finest toilet-made Merlot.
He has transformed his prison cell.
Nelson first submits.
He becomes quite fond.
He clearly has no kind.
Nelson reaches his one-year parole hearing relatively unscathed  and actually the top dog.
However  John will not allow his target to escape prison so easily  he drugs Nelson and writes WHITE POWER and a swastika on each side of his neck.
This leads.
Nelson needs more time to be rehabilitated.
Infuriated  Nelson brings John up  John then confesses to putting Nelson in jail.
The two get embroiled.
It is here.
John regrets bunking when he realizes Nelson has nothing to lose but his will to murder.
John is the target.
The guards set up a death match between the two.
However  John and Nelson secretly conspire and inject each other.
The guards and prisoners believe.
They are dead and bury the pair outside.
Nelson uses Barry s love to his own advantage.
He gives his recently released sweetheart access.
Barry later digs the two up  freeing them.
One year later  Barry and Nelson have become life partners and set up a winery called Baby Duck Winery.
Where a critic is about to fail their wine.
John shows up and forces the critic to give them a good review.
Nelson  Barry and John end the film.
Barry sings.
A song called Shower in which he repeatedly sings I wan na take a shower with you.
<EOS>
Millionairess Mame Carson s oil empire spells trouble.
Men are either or afraid of it.
Her money-shy fiance.
Phil Barton has just given her the brush.
A disappointed Mame heads on the French Line s Liberte with friend and fashion designer Annie Farrell.
She swaps identities.
Aboard ship  she falls with French playboy Pierre DuQuesne  unbeknownst to Mame  has been hired by her zealous guardian Waco Mosby to keep the fortune hunters at bay.
Who. 
Pierre professes his love.
Is he sincere or is this just a ploy access to her millions.
<EOS>
The film centers  a Jewish family living in the town of Anatevka  in Tsarist Russia  in.
Anatevka is broken.
Tevye notes.
We do nt bother them.
So far  they do nt bother us.
Tevye breaks the fourth wall by talking at times  directly to the audience or to the heavens  for the audience s benefit.
Much is also told in musical form.
Tevye is not wealthy.
He and his wife  Golde  have five daughters and can not afford to give them much.
They have to rely on the village matchmaker  Yente  to find them husbands.
Life is very hard.
Tevye speaks not only of the Jewish community s constant fear of harassment from their non-Jewish neighbors.
Tevye has a lame horse   and has to carry the wagon by himself.
Adds. 
The film opens.
What keeps the Jews is the balance they achieve through following their ancient traditions.
He also explains  trying out a pleasant tune.
The lot is as precarious as a fiddler on a roof.
Not breaking their necks.
The fiddler appears.
Also Tevye is trying to hold onto as his world changes around him.
Tevye meets Perchik  a radical Marxist.
Tevye invites Perchik to stay  offers him food  in exchange for Perchik tutoring his daughters.
Tevye arranges a marriage for his oldest daughter  Tzeitel  to Lazar Wolf  a wealthy butcher.
However  Tzeitel is and begs her father not to make her marry the much older butcher.
Initially angry  Tevye realizes.
He has already made an agreement.
Tzeitel loves Motel and yields.
To get Tzeitel and Tevye out  Tevye claims to have a nightmare.
He repeats.
He says.
Golde s deceased Grandmother Tzeitel told him that Tzeitel is supposed to marry Motel  as it was decided.
Lazar Wolf s late wife  Fruma-Sarah  warns Tevye.
If Tzeitel marries Lazar  she will kill Tzeitel.
Golde concludes.
The dream was a message to be followed.
Tzeitel and Motel arrange to be married.
Meanwhile   Hodel mocks Perchik s interpretation of the story of Leah.
He told her sisters.
He   criticizes her for hanging on to the old traditions of her religion and tells her.
The world is changing.
To illustrate this  he dances.
The opposite sexes dancing together is considered forbidden.
The two are shown to be falling.
Perchik tells Hodel.
They just changed an old tradition.
The constable  is basically sympathetic  though not enough to give up his job in their defense.
He resists.
When ordered to put but gives in to keep his job.
He warns Tevye of the impending demonstration.
Later   an argument breaks out over.
Whether a girl should be able to choose her own husband.
Perchik addresses the crowd and says.
Since they love each other  it should be left to decide and creates further controversy by asking Hodel to dance with him.
The two begin to dance.
Gradually  the crowd warms -- with Tevye and Golde joining  then Motel and Tzeitel.
The wedding then proceeds.
Suddenly  the military presence arrive and begin a pogrom  attacking the Jews and their property.
The constable stops the attack  however  he allows the pogrom to continue in the form of massive property damage to the village of Anatevka.
The radical Perchik is wounded.
A few months later   he proposes.
Perchik prepares to leave Anatevka to work.
She accepts.
He is furious.
When they tell Tevye.
They have decided to marry  but  again  he relents because they love each other.
This time  Tevye tells Golde.
The truth -- and as a side effect  is prompted to re-evaluate their own arranged marriage and relationship.
Weeks later   Hodel decides to join him there.
When Perchik is arrested and is exiled to Siberia.
She promises Tevye.
She and Perchik will be married there.
Tzeitel and Motel become parents.
Too long afterwards.
Motel finally buys the sewing machine.
Which he has long scrimped and saved.
They are becoming  in their own right  respected members of the community.
A close  almost father-son relationship is developing.
Who  not so long ago  had scorned Motel.
Meanwhile  Tevye s third daughter  Chava  has fallen with a young Russian -- a Russian Orthodox Christian -- man  Fyedka.
She eventually works up the courage to ask Tevye to allow her to marry him.
Horrified  Tevye forbids her to see him again.
They elope and are married.
Tevye concludes  so he disowns her.
He can not accept Chava marrying a.
Finally  the Jews are notified  they have three days.
They have to leave the village or be forced out.
Tevye  his family and friends begin packing up to leave  heading.
Chava and her husband  Fyedka  come and tell her family.
They are leaving too -- unable to stay.
Tevye shows signs  God be with them  pleasing his wife and daughters.
Who also tell them where they will be living.
Tevye spots the fiddler and motions to come along  symbolizing.
Before the closing credits.
Even though he must leave his town  his traditions will always be.
The film ends down the road  playing the Tradition theme.
<EOS>
Guy Patterson is a jazz drummer.
Who works.
Jimmy Mattingly and Lenny Haise ask Guy to sit.
Their regular drummer has broken his arm.
The group rehearses a ballad titled That Thing.
You Do.
Jimmy s girlfriend  Faye Dolan  is inspired at rehearsal  and suggests.
The group call themselves The Oneders.
Guy launches into a faster tempo for That Thing.
You Do.
The audience goes wild.
Jimmy scolds Guy.
Lenny heartily approves.
The Oneders win the $ 100 top prize and obtain their first paying gig.
They begin selling a single of That Thing.
You Do.
Attracts the attention.
Horace signs them and arranges local airplay of the single  increasing the band s appeal.
Record company A&R representative Mr White offers the band a development contract with Play-Tone Records.
The boys sign the contract.
White changes their band name to avoid further confusion.
The Wonders and costume mistress Faye tour state fairs during the summer with other Play-Tone artists.
Which Guy and Faye grow closer.
That Thing enters and climbs the Billboard Top.
You Do.
The Wonders go.
Throngs mob the band.
Play-Tone sends the band to meet Sol Siler  the label s founder.
When That Thing You Do enters the Top.
Faye comes down with a mild case of flu.
Only Guy seems solicitous.
The Wonders appear.
This and Siler s apparent disdain disillusions Jimmy.
Whose lack causes friction with White and with the other band members.
The bass player   leaves the band.
Who had planned to join the Marines.
He met and never returns.
White brings to join The Wonders for a live performance on a prestigious national television variety show.
He s engaged.
This is an homage.
John Lennon is visibly upset by this  and disrupts the Wonders  post-broadcast celebration by demanding to know who suggested that he and Faye are engaged.
Jimmy tells Faye.
He does not intend to marry her.
Faye ends their relationship.
The others quickly exit.
Guy condemns Jimmy.
Lenny is absent.
White prepares to find another studio musician to fill in.
Jimmy resists White s plan to cover songs.
White explains.
Their Play-Tone contract specifies the content  one original song per side  with the balance consisting of corporate-owned material.
The original songs must be snappy  not ballads.
Jimmy quits the band and storms out.
White tells Guy.
The Wonders are  a very common tale he has seen reenacted with countless bands.
White reassures Guy  but tells him.
The Wonders will have to vacate their hotel that afternoon.
Guy is bolstered.
When his idol  jazz pianist Del Paxton  who overheard Guy s impromptu drum solo  suggests that they record a duet.
Guy later tells Faye.
Del thinks he has potential.
Faye tells Guy.
She plans.
Guy finally takes the opportunity to declare his feelings.
Captions preceding the credits detail the subsequent lives.
Guy and Faye marry  raise four children and start a music conservatory.
Where Guy teaches jazz composition.
Jimmy records three gold albums and becomes a successful record producer.
Lenny manages a casino.
The unnamed bass player is awarded the Purple Heart and becomes a building contractor.
<EOS>
Hyun-soo spends five years glued to the computer screen as an unshaven  full-time ant.
He eventually reaches the top after a painful diet of instant noodles.
Sacrificing the cost.
He vows to quit once.
When he achieves his goal.
Will support his mother and studious younger brother.
One day he hits the jackpot  not knowing.
There are repercussions.
He ignites the fury into the top percentile of the rich and powerful.
A fresh mobster persona  Hwang feigns elegance  only to resort to kicking people for dramatic effect.
He also begins every sentence.
He can not tolerate the full.
Hwang  however  does nt dwell.
He recognizes Hyun-soo s talents and employs him.
Hyun-soo joins the other members for the 60 billion won heist  Jo Min-hyeong  an elite stock broker  sexy private banker Yoo Seo-yeon  Park Chang-joo  a second-generation chaebol CEO facing a management crisis  and Bryan Choi  a Korean-American fund manager.
Who doubles.
Who fakes foreign investment.
These are professional stock gamblers.
Who win the house.
They opt.
Park s chaebol company invests heavily.
Seo-yeon has one.
They have a famous broadcaster hype public attention.
Bryan creates the illusion.
The cash starts flowing in.
A bigger scam  however  unfolds.
Outsider Hyun-soo becomes the ultimate insider.
He becomes the pawn.
<EOS>
Four teenagers representing the four main races are chosen to participate.
They are  Alex Chang Leo Bryant Jackie Rodriguez Margaret Tim.
On the way  their plane is brought down by an electrical storm.
They parachute out.
The plane falls.
What appears to be an island  landing.
The island  however  is inhabited.
The island is also inhabited.
Putting aside their differences  the foursome endeavour to escape.
<EOS>
A container packed is stopped at the check post by Thomas Kurien  an honest senior customs officer along with Rajath Naidu  the city commissioner of police.
But he is shocked to find out.
Rajat Naidu himself is a part.
A few months later  Gyanashekhara Varma  IG makes a controversial press conference.
Which he alleges the role in the sudden rise in the crimes in the state.
His statements were directly pointed.
Varma is summoned and is warned of serious actions.
He gives a proper explanation.
Varma threatens him of further revelations in coming days.
The next morning Varma is found dead.
John Vargeese  an MP is also involved in several hawala dealings taking place in the state including terror activities.
Senior police office Chandrashekhar IPS is appointed to solve the mystery.
Chandrasekhar is assisted.
A young journalist along with her friend Kishore is found missing.
She is believed to have certain sensational information.
Chandrasekhar meets Vivekam Ahmed Sahib  her father.
Who leads him.
One day  Suhara is found.
Chandrasekhar gets her hospitalized.
Her life is targeted many times.
Chandrasekhar finds out shocking information.
Vakkachan is forced to resign and is arrested by Chandrasekhar.
Who then follows John Vargeese.
He follows Vargeese  from.
Where he is planning to escape.
But   Vargeese is stopped.
Minutes before he leaves coast.
Who also finds out that his subordinate Sudev Sachidanand is none other.
Chandrasekhar shoots.
<EOS>
Hollywood Sex Wars is an unapologetic  comedic satire - something single life.
Max and his two best friends  Glen and Aaron  are desperate.
But  they seem destined to spend their Saturday nights alone.
Thankfully  good fortune begins after a chance encounter with Hollywood casanova  Johnny Eyelash.
They re learning to dress better  talk smoother  and add a lot more women to their weekly rotation.
But their new love em and leave em attitude is not sitting well.
Partners have put together an all-girl TOB club built upon beauty  bling  and bringing guys to their knees.
Heavy. 
<EOS>
Reporter Jean Christy works.
Buckley has a.
Meanwhile  Lansford hopes to gain tycoon John Dillingwell s business  and uses his position at Buckley s paper to drum up good press for Dillingwell.
He discovers.
Dillingwell s granddaughter Lorri is Buckley s fiancee.
Lansford decides to try.
Christy makes a play.
Lansford ends up not with Lorri  but with Jean.
<EOS>
American architect Robert Lomax is an aspiring artist.
Who relocates.
He meets Mee Ling  a seemingly proper young woman of lofty social status.
She mischievously tries to have him arrested  but the misunderstanding is resolved.
They go their separate ways.
Robert looks for inexpensive rooming in the infamous Wan Chai district.
He sees Mee Ling leaving a run-down hotel in the district.
He astounds proprietor Ah Tong.
Robert quickly discovers the true nature.
He is bemused to find Mee Ling again  this time dressed in a slinky red cheongsam and in the company of a sailor.
This time  she calls herself Suzie Wong.
She unabashedly admits.
She really is a prostitute.
The following day  Robert visits a banker to set up an account.
The banker s secretary and daughter  Kay ONeill  immediately is attracted.
Robert asks Suzie to model.
He learns.
They get better acquainted.
She was forced as a means of survival when she was ten years old.
She begins falling with him.
He tries to dissuade her.
He finds her very appealing.
Meanwhile  he also is pursued discreetly.
She hosts  Robert meets Ben Marlowe.
Whom he recognizes  with his wife.
Ben offers to make Suzie his mistress.
She accepts.
Order to make Robert jealous.
He asks Robert to break the news.
When Ben reconciles.
She is so hurt.
Robert finally admits he loves her.
Initially  the two are very happy.
Their relationship becomes strained.
One day  Robert follows Suzie of her periodic disappearances.
He finds her visiting the infant son.
She has kept hidden.
He accepts the child.
He finds himself facing financial difficulties.
When his paintings fail to sell.
Both Kay and Suzie offer to give him money  but his pride will not let him accept.
He drives her away.
When Suzie pays his rent and offers to resume prostitution to help him.
Realizing his mistake  Robert searches.
He learns.
When he finally finds her.
Her baby has died.
The two commit themselves.
<EOS>
Catalan kids would sit in circles among the ruins and tell stories  known as aventis open-ended narratives drifting back and forth through time.
Laced.
The aventis are told in flashback in 1970  1940  1936 and the mid.
A nurse-nun identify the corpse of a couple.
Who had drowned.
The dead man is Daniel Javaloyes Java  one.
The woman seems to be Juanita.
Who forty years before was one.
The discovery leads them to remember.
What had happened decades before.
Flashbacks reveal a story.
May or may not have happened.
Barcelona inhabitants are struggling to survive among the ruins left by the Spanish Civil War.
Daniel Javaloyes  Java is one.
He is a young man trying to leave behind the misery around him.
He lives.
To make some money  the hardened Java performs perverse sexual acts.
Who uses a wheelchair.
Java has violent sex with Ramona  a visibly pregnant prostitute.
Is smitten with the fallen woman.
Initially he finds out very little.
Java learns.
When Conrado s mother visits him also looking.
Ramona had been a maid.
She bears a scarred left nipple caused.
Marcos  Java s older brother  was an anarchist and now is hiding on the grounds of the family s house.
He yearns to see his girlfriend Aurora Nin again.
Whose identity would be blended in the stories told by Sarnita  one of the kids in Java s neighborhood.
Sarnita entertains his friends telling.
Them aventis  mixing real events.
Aurora Nin and Java are prominent figures.
Meanwhile  the perverse Don Conrado is directing a religious amateur play.
Fueguina  one.
Where Paulina works.
Java wants to be an actor and blackmails Fueguina.
Order to take the part in the play.
Reluctantly Conrado allows him to participate  at least.
Flash back.
Marcos  fighting for the Republic  takes revenge on Don Conrado s brutality towards his girlfriend Aurora Nin.
They kill Conrado s father instead.
When the men do not find Conrado.
Conrado s mother barely escapes to Aurora s intervention.
Java has a young man as a sexual partner instead of a woman.
He does not back down.
Knowing  he follows him to get a bigger share.
Ado  the teenager  has been paid twice.
Java gets involved with a rich jewelry dealer.
Java sees the opportunity to escape his poverty-restricted life.
Marcos  old cronies from the war are also looking for him.
Still trying secret anti-government plots  they have resorted mainly.
Palau  the leader has chosen his target  Menchu  a bleach blonde prostitute.
Who works.
To strike them back  Palau and his partners Fusam and Sendra attack Menchu  brutally killing her.
Java  now sure  leads Ramona.
When his pursuit proves aimless.
Ramona is.
The former lovers are happily reunited.
Taking advantage Marcos and Ramona managed to escape the city.
By the mid 1980s  Palau  on a busy street  has a glance of an old couple asking for money.
They seem to be Marcos and Aurora Nin.
<EOS>
Matt Travis is good-looking  popular.
His school s best competitive swimmer  so everyone is shocked.
When he inexplicably commits suicide.
Each member struggles to recover from the tragedy with mixed results.
The following year unfolds.
His mother Sandy tries to keep the lines.
Father Ben  a perfectionist  insists and begins to drink heavily.
Who worshiped Matt as much as he ignored Tim.
Eventually   he takes a leave of absence from work and spends.
His days lost on a park bench.
Tim  always  struggles to get through school.
Trying to resist the recreational drugs his best friend Kyle Dwyer is always offering him and contemplating having sex.
Sister Penny  away  dutifully comes home for infrequent visits and tries to help bridge the widening gap between her surviving brother and their parents.
New crises arise.
A long-kept secret is revealed.
It is revealed that one family member was aware and why nothing was done to help him.
<EOS>
The film brings the experience of the start of the Siege of Sarajevo.
Remake tells three tragic stories.
The first is.
Who manages to get out.
Where he was violently separated.
He reaches Paris.
Where he starts working about the life of his father Ahmed  who experienced the outbreak of the Second World War in Sarajevo.
Remake is however more than a war film.
It is also a coming-of-age drama.
Which Ahmed and Tarik go out  have fun  fall in love.
<EOS>
The film takes place 20-23 August.
Crime Author Bernhard Borge and his wife Sonja  psychoanalyst Kai Bugge  magazine editor Gabriel Mork  lawyer Harald Gran and his fiancee Liljan Werner are six Oslo people.
Who will visit Bjorn Werner.
But   Werner is missing.
When the guests arrive.
His dog is found dead nearby.
It s not long  a man is said to have killed his sister and her lover and then drowned himself.
They begin to ponder the old legend that is associated.
It is said  They would be forced to drown themselves.
Everyone who stays would be possessed by a strange attraction.
The company decides to solve the mystery.
Soon  it appears.
They are exposed.
<EOS>
Roopa Saxena  attempts to get justice  only to find.
The killers have bought the law.
Their influence gets them off.
Roopa then turns to dacait Mangal Singh.
She herself transforms herself.
Order to avenge her parents  death.
She gives birth.
The police entrust the matter to SP Ranjit Saxena  without realizing  and may actually join her to avenge the death his parents.
He is the brother.
<EOS>
Mao Zedong had imposed a ban on the sport of boxing in China considering it too Western and brutal.
The ban was lifted.
Boxing began being taught.
The film is.
Who   goes to rural China to recruit from ordinary peasant hopefuls to be trained for a possible sporting and Olympic career.
The documentary shows his visit  and documents the young athletes chosen there.
The film concentrates Zhongli.
Whom coach Qi has brought.
To provide a role model for his students  Qi decides to fight professionally again against a much younger rival from Japan.
<EOS>
A magical a gold watch becomes the center of a swindle by a corrupt land baron.
<EOS>
Peggy Martin  the daughter  persuades him to purchase a Scottish castle from Donald Glourie  dismantle it and move it to Florida.
Goes its ghost.
Murdoch Glourie haunts the castle.
To find rest  he must get a descendant to admit.
One Glourie is worth fifty MacClaggans.
<EOS>
The Italian mountaineer Jean-Antoine Carrel wants to be the first man to reach the summit.
He meets the British mountaineer Whymper.
They decide to climb together.
But this agreement is dropped.
The two men try it.
The latter will successfully reach the summit along.
Only Whymper and the guides Taugwalder will survive the descent.
<EOS>
The movie begins.
The child begins to slowly inch closer.
Her eyes open.
He reaches out to touch the knife.
She utters a hair-raising scream.
Newspaper articles about inexplicable murders taking place and the movie title appears on the screen.
Ga-In is a full time student.
She is puzzled by a strange man who discovers her.
Ga-In and her family come.
Jee-Sun is pushed off of the third story balcony  and is immediately rushed to the hospital.
Ga-In stays behind and waits.
The rest leaves the hospital.
Her aunt recovers.
They witness Jee-Sun s younger sister  Kim Jung-Sun  repeatedly stabbing her.
They pass Jee-Sun s room.
Kim Jung-Sun is arrested  and is held for questioning.
It is soon revealed.
The family believes that their family is cursed.
At least one family member dies.
A hidden force possessed Jung-Sun and caused her to kill.
Ga-In begins to have forewarnings.
Dreaming  about a woman who was covered is next.
The next day is resting in the nurse s office.
Another student visits her class room looking.
He wants her to be.
They are making.
It is important that she is the one.
The teacher suggests Eun-Kyung  the top student  instead.
The young man refuses.
Ga-In sees a vision.
Who frightens her.
Later  Eun-Kyung visits Ga-In to kill her with a pair of scissors.
Eun-Kyung is stabbed instead.
It is later revealed.
She has transferred.
Later that same day   Ga-In is confronted.
She opens the locker a deformed figure tries to grab her.
Who then blames her leaving and tries to kill her.
Luckily  Ga-In is saved.
Hong Suk-Min  an eccentric student  knows the truth about the family curse.
Who is rumored to have killed his own father.
He advises Ga-In to trust no one.
She visits Kim Jung-Sun to ask her about the murder.
She tells her.
Jee-Sun s husband is Jung-Sun s.
She had required revenge.
She tells.
An unknown force possessed her and coerced her to kill her sister.
That evening   the classmate has come to have his try.
A mysterious wind closed the gate after she received the invitation.
Had saved her.
She gets away and runs inside only to find her mother throwing knives.
Frightened  she then tells her father.
She no longer feels safe  and is going to get away for a little while.
Her father then tells her.
There is a forgotten family member.
Ga-In meets Hong again.
Together they visit.
Ga-In must not meet someone.
Dae-Yong tells them that in order to not be affected by the curse that surrounds the family.
Dae-Yong begins telling them the story.
When he learned.
Dae-Yong was suddenly overwhelmed and pushes his wife into the path of an oncoming bus.
Waiting to cross the street.
Dae-Yong tries to find the unknown force.
Controls him.
Try to haunt her.
When Ga-in discovers a secret closet that contains past newspaper reports  then while she s sleeping a deformed being.
Dae-Yong commits suicide.
Order to stay away.
Ga-In has an apparition of her best friend pushing her from a balcony  and glares at her with a sinister face.
Ga-In realizes.
She really can not trust anyone and leaves school.
One night she mystifyingly wakes up and makes her way downstairs.
However  recalling Suk-Min s warning  she turns around and sees her parents mysteriously killed.
It is divulged.
Hyun-Joong is the one who eliminates her parents  and that he had manipulated Ga-In to get close.
Ga-In tries to fight off Hyun Joong  he stabs her.
She tries to save her younger sister  and is making a scheme to set the house.
It will be turned.
Ga-In suddenly awakes and impales him.
Both sisters quickly regain consciousness  and finally defeats and stab him and leave him dead.
As he is about to strangle her.
The house begins to burn.
Ga-In and Ga-Yun are placed in the same room.
The fire happened last night.
Ga-In is having nightmares killed her comatose sister all the people.
Who planned to eliminate her  and is woken.
Ga-In has a hallucination.
They both struggle.
The knife ends up stabbing.
Ga-Yun cries and asks.
She could do this.
Hong Suk-Min is then seen and exposes his true individuality  the curse.
Only he can be seen.
He controls.
Ga-In looks down and realizes.
It was nt a knife.
Hong Suk-Min then tries to eliminate.
Ga-In stabs Hong.
She stabs herself.
He is controlling her.
A boy is being verbally assaulted by his teacher.
Hong Suk-Min appears and asks the boy.
The teacher leaves.
He wants help to get back.
<EOS>
Always Kabhi Kabhi focuses through their final year at St Mark s School.
The first teenager is Shortcut Sam  the cool guy.
Who falls.
Aishwarya is a new student.
Who befriends Sam  and the two fall in love at first sight.
A Shakespeare play approaches.
Which Aishwarya automatically gains the role.
Sam tries his level best to learn the lines so as to impress Mrs Das and gain the role of Romeo.
He succeeds.
The next two friends  Tariq and Nandy  love to fight and argue  but do not understand.
They are.
Nandini s parents do nt spend any time and are always travelling.
She goes to illegal clubs and parties every day and spends money lavishly.
Tariq has the burden.
They realize their love.
She forwards Tariq s MIT denial.
He had not read it himself.
Sam gives a party but then there s a raid.
He gets arrested.
The two corrupt policemen try to bag 50000 rupees.
He tries his best to avoid the policemen and tries to pay them a little.
Aishwarya breaks up him.
Nandy s toyboy offers him a drag  even though Aishwarya begged him to leave  he agreed to smoke weed because the toyboy makes fun of him and asked him to be a man.
They make up.
She heard that Sam had sacrifised himself to save her.
Sam confesses his love for her only to be caught together by her mother.
Her agent renames her and even persuades her to do a photoshoot.
Which she only wears a bikini.
Is Rs.
When Sam finds out that the prize money play competition.
50000  he begins to put more pressure.
Meanwhile  Aishwarya is being offered a movie contract.
She does nt want to do.
She rips the contract and runs to meet Sam and the others and continue their practice for the competition.
Enraged during practice  Sam confronts her  oblivious to.
What she had done.
Aishu did nt know.
He owes the policemen and does not understand the reason.
She runs to be hit by a car and go into coma.
Aishwarya s mother confronts Sam.
She believed that he was the cause and does not permit him to see her.
Tariq and Nandy notice.
Dropping Aishwarya s clothes.
Aishwarya s phone has an electronical diary and reads it.
It shows her point.
Their parents have pressurized them.
So  they perform Romeo and Juliet  saying and listened to them  implying.
Romeo and Juliet would not have died if their parents had approved.
Their parents should do the same.
They perform the song Antenna to convey their thoughts.
<EOS>
Astronaut and Osteopath  Dr Ivan Hood and his companion Kelly return after a 14 year space mission with two other astronauts.
They are soon captured.
One is killed after sustaining a sprain.
They are taken  to their surprise  is run by locust-like aliens.
These aliens had arrived 20 years ago to feast and used E.
M.
P.
Bombs to cripple earth.
The other member is eaten alive by one of the aliens after refusing to work.
The camp is supervised.
Illiterate and savage humans have become due.
The President has survived and has an army waiting to strike back.
The escape plan goes off.
Kelly is recaptured.
Dr Hood travels to find the president and meets other humans.
Who believe the President has survived.
Dr Hood and his convoy reach a secret headquarters to discover remnants.
Who is now a former shell.
Extremely ticked off  Dr Hood decides to rally the escaped slaves himself and plan an attack.
Kelly is still being held.
The attack begins successfully.
Kelly joins in.
Things seem hopeless.
When the bugs bring.
The President s group arrives and pulls off a sneak attack.
Blows up the bug s tanks.
The other slaves join in and defeat the bugs.
Dr Hood and his rebels then went to continue killing the bugs and gather more followers from the camps.
He became known as The Great Exterminator.
<EOS>
The film follows two stories  one  having to battle both the crazies as well as U.
S.
Soldiers ordered to shoot.
The other involves the political and military leaders trying to contain the epidemic.
Set  the central characters are firefighter David  his girlfriend  nurse Judy and firefighter Clank.
David was a Green Beret and Clank an infantryman  both having served.
The town has seen a number  including arson at a local farm by a demented farmer.
Judy and David are very concerned.
Judy is pregnant.
Meanwhile  heavily armed U.
S.
Troops  arrive in town  led by Major Ryder.
Who takes where Judy works.
An Army plane carrying an untested bioweapon crash-landed  infecting the water supply with a virus code-named Trixie  causing victims to either die or become homicidal.
Trixie is highly contagious.
C.
Government officials order Colonel Peckem contain.
To go to help.
The virus  while scientist Dr Watts  arrives to develop a cure before the virus spreads.
Officials also deploy bombers armed  to destroy the town.
Necessary. 
Mayhem begins.
When the Army quarantines the town  shooting anyone attempting to escape.
The soldiers move the townspeople.
Chaos happens.
When the sheriff is shot.
A soldier encounters a quiet elderly woman.
The townspeople are being rousted.
He kindly urges the woman to come.
She stabs him.
Nearly all of the villagers are infected.
A group are killed by a mob armed with guns and dynamite.
Which an infected woman happily sweeps the blood soaked grass.
The local priest is infected.
Upset  he douses himself with gasoline and sets himself on fire.
David  Judy  Clank  teenager Kathy Fulton  her father Artie and an elderly man are confined by the soldiers.
The van is attacked.
The soldiers try to fight them off  killing both the soldiers and diseased people.
The old man wanders off  muttering before being captured by more soldiers.
Clank and David commandeer.
The van and the remaining five try to find a way to escape  going to hide and plan.
Mad  Artie has sex with his deranged daughter Kathy  believing her to be his late wife.
Discovering the pair  Clank beats Artie.
Who then apparently hangs himself.
A shaken Kathy wanders outside  to be shot.
Believing himself to be infected  Clank kills several soldiers.
Judy  now visibly infected  is killed  despite David s efforts to save her.
One recognizes.
David clearly identifies himself  also uninfected and trying to escape.
Angry and frightened  David surrenders.
He realizes.
He is immune  but keeps it a secret.
The soldiers isolate Dr Watts.
Watts  insists.
He might find a cure.
He is threatened.
He is mistaken and forced into quarantine by soldiers.
When the doctor finally develops a possible cure.
The camera lingers  leaving open the question of.
Whether he has truly found a possible cure or is exhibiting the first signs.
The test tubes containing the vaccine are shattered.
The doctor is pushed down a flight by a stampede of Crazies.
The last scene shows Colonel Peckem being ordered to relocate.
He boards a helicopter  looking at the chaos of the city below.
<EOS>
A United States congressional committee arrives in post-World War II Berlin to visit the American troops stationed there.
Includes prim Phoebe Frost.
Phoebe hears rumors.
Cabaret torch singer Erika von Schlutow  suspected  is being protected by an unidentified American officer.
She enlists Captain John Pringle to assist in her investigation  unaware.
He is Erika s current lover.
Phoebe asks John to take her to army headquarters to retrieve the singer s official file.
John woos Phoebe.
Order to distract her.
Who initially resists his romantic advances but eventually succumbs.
Colonel Rufus J.
Plummer advises John.
He is aware.
Meanwhile  Erika and Phoebe are arrested.
Where Erika performs.
Erika claims Phoebe as her cousin.
Order to secure her release.
Phoebe  grateful  goes with her to her apartment.
Where Erika confesses John is her lover just before he arrives.
Humiliated  Phoebe leaves.
Colonel Plummer attempts to reconcile Phoebe and John.
John is targeted at the Lorelei.
Birgel is killed.
Who shoot him first.
Erika is arrested and sentenced to serve time.
Phoebe and John are reunited.
<EOS>
Anandi Devi is an old widow.
Who lives.
One day she is visited.
Who persuades her to live with him  his wife Lata  and a small child.
She later realizes.
They were looking and befriending a child beggar who takes her to his dilapidated home.
Being good-natured and caring  she slowly earns the title among groups of youths led by Shyam and Chaino.
Who were.
The movie ends from an accidental gun fire in one such clash.
<EOS>
Danny  a saxophonist  witnesses the gangland murder of the band s manager and that of a deaf and mute girl witness at a dancehall in South Armagh.
Danny tries down the murderers and in doing.
He becomes a murderer himself.
<EOS>
Kon talked about the film  The film will center on three characters  Ririco  Robin and King - all.
Of whom are automated.
<EOS>
An Englishman  Algie  arrives and stays with friends in the country.
Twin sisters both fall with him.
Various practical jokes are played.
He eventually proves his mettle.
He proves himself a crack shot and gains a wife.
<EOS>
Tom and Jerry are together.
They are about to move.
The moving van is   he puts him on a cue stick.
Tom dozes  however when he notices Jerry.
Jerry  noticing no escape and knowing  grabs hold.
He will fly.
They fly together.
Jerry quickly dashes and locks the door  Tom nailing wooden planks on the door.
Tom leaves the house.
It is too late  The owners have left.
He ends up and ties up his ears.
When Tom tries to get.
He can not see.
Tom runs and stays there for the night.
The next day  Tom notices.
The house is being destroyed.
He manages to escape but realizes  so he goes back and saves him.
He could not just leave Jerry.
The two manage to survive.
Now they are homeless.
The two traverse the streets looking all day  to no avail  they remain homeless.
That night they meet a stray dog named Pugsy and his friend  Frankie Da Flea.
Tom and Jerry both introduce themselves  before comically expressing shock.
Pugsy and Frankie encourage the two to be friends.
It would be difficult to survive alone.
They agree.
They also all agree to have a ` feast  and Pugsy makes a ` buffet  by collecting leftovers in the bin.
Two dogcatchers capture him and Frankie and lock them.
When Pugsy s tray is full.
Tom is ambushed by a gang of mean singing alley cats  only to be saved by Jerry.
Who chase him.
Tom and Jerry then meet a girl named Robyn Starling.
Whose mother died when she was a baby and is left behind when her father goes away to Tibet.
Her father is now presumed killed.
Figg has proceeded to take.
Robyn had run away.
Her locket was thrown out and that is how she began to run.
Tom and Jerry  knowing  attempt to convince her to return home  convinced.
What it is like to be homeless.
Deep down  Figg loves Robyn.
Indeed  Aunt Figg is crying  but reverts to her cold  money-hungry self.
The officer is gone.
The officer finds Robyn  Tom  and Jerry  but Figg has Tom.
Jerry sent.
Applecheek.
Who is.
Tom and Jerry are reunited.
They stage an escape.
Meanwhile  Robyn discovers  they run away to find him.
Her father is alive and once reunited.
Figg discovers this  and at the suggestion a $ 1 million bounty on the three of them.
Meanwhile  Robyn s father returns to find her.
Mr Daddy Starling is notified that his daughter has run away and immediately.
Tom and Jerry end up separated after their raft crashes into a ship.
Robyn is found Captain Kiddie and his talking hand puppet Squawk.
But Kiddie and Squawk see Robyn s face after trapping Robyn in a Ferris wheel.
Applecheek overhears.
The telephone conversation and a race begins to reach Robyn first.
They throw him out.
When he refuses to give the Dogcatchers any.
Tom and Jerry find Robyn.
When Figg and Applecheek arrive.
The three trap the dogcatchers in the Ferris wheel and flee up the river in a boat  pursued by Figg  Applecheek  and Kiddie.
Eventually  Applecheek falls off a bridge and crashes in the water.
Aunt Figg and Lickboot end up.
The river ultimately takes Tom  Jerry  and Robyn.
They are ambushed.
Who attempt to forcefully take Robyn back home.
An oil lamp breaks and starts a fire.
Tom and Jerry climb and get Robyn out of the cabin with a rope.
Figg and Lickboot are stuck.
It drives them away.
Mr Starling finally arrives and rescues his daughter  but is unable to reach Tom and Jerry.
The house is burned.
The cabin collapses.
The pair survive the wreckage and are taken to live in their home.
Pugsy and Frankie see this and are satisfied.
Tom and Jerry finally found friendship.
However  old habits die hard.
Once Robyn and her father are out  Tom and Jerry resume with their old antics.
<EOS>
Attorney Wayne Fletcher intends to divorce his wife and marry his secretary.
Who comes.
He naturally becomes the suspect.
When the wife is found suffocated with a pillow.
A phony medium also claims  Fletcher begins to imagine.
He s guilty.
His dead wife is communicating  making it even more difficult for him to prove his innocence.
<EOS>
The film is a comedy.
Uses satirical and Ealing-style humour.
Depicting life  it is set in the London suburb of Southall.
Mrs Sethi is a widow living.
Who wants to marry off her only daughter  for she is alone and unhappy.
Her daughter  Roopi  is a little plump and opinionated.
Mrs Sethi finds.
All her matchmaking efforts are rudely rejected.
She avenges this behaviour by murdering the failed dates using her culinary skills.
A police hunt begins.
Mrs Sethi does not feel guilty.
The spirits come back to haunt her.
They are unable to reincarnate.
Their murderer dies.
Mrs Sethi must kill herself to free the spirits  but vows to get her daughter married first.
The spirits realize.
Helping Roopi find a suitable husband catch Mrs Sethi is in their best interests.
Everyone begins to work together.
Meanwhile  Roopi catches the eye.
<EOS>
US Intelligence Agent Mark Fannon is sent on a routine courier mission but soon uncovers communist George Underwood s plot to assassinate the American High Commissioner.
Whilst there he meets Welsh receptionist.
Who fellow agent Tony Barrett has the hots.
They manage to foil the assassination.
This causes initial animosity.
<EOS>
The film is episodic  depicting the two detectives teaming  with varying degrees of success.
The main focus centers on them trying to bust one main criminal  an LA crime king-pin named Rizzo.
The film is extremely cynical  strongly implying.
Crime does pay  and that the biggest criminals are corrupt politicians and businessmen who will never be punished for their crimes.
The film ends.
We also hear something  Gould s character quitting the police force and applying.
We see Gould attempting to arrest a powerful figure who will ultimately walk free.
Has nt happened yet.
<EOS>
Harlan Banks is a Robin Hood kind.
Who has always picked his own jobs and tried to pull heists that would leave him room to help out others.
The work keeps getting riskier.
Banks has decided to pull one final job  going in with some men.
Who are planning a $ 20 million robbery.
Banks heads.
The heist goes bad.
Where Jada wants him to get a real job.
Banks and Jada passed a children s hospital displaying a going-out-of-business sign.
Banks gets a job driving an armored car.
The job is not exactly legitimate.
Bruno  Banks s partner  shoots a security guard  resulting in a chase through the Vegas strip in the armored van.
Banks is stopped and sent.
Where he befriends an inmate known.
Banks escapes  determined to hunt Max down.
Banks meets a federal agent named Saunders.
It turns out.
Saunders  who is  is the man behind the setup.
Banks sets out to take down both Saunders and Max.
<EOS>
A clumsy private detective tries to protect a seductive woman while contending with a cult leader.
Who s trying to take.
<EOS>
Kelly is a prostitute.
Who shows up burg in a long string of quick stops on the run after being chased out of the big city by her former pimp.
She engages.
Who then tells her to stay out and refers her to a.
Instead  she decides to give up her illicit lifestyle  becoming a nurse.
Griff does nt trust reformed prostitutes  however  and continues trying to run her out.
Kelly falls with J.
L.
Grant  the wealthy scion.
Where even Kelly s admission ca nt deter Grant.
It is.
After Kelly is able to finally convince Griff that she truly loves Grant and has given up prostitution that he agrees to be their best man.
Kelly arrives at Grant s mansion  only to find him on the verge of molesting a small girl.
Kelly strikes him  killing him instantly.
He grinningly tries to persuade her to marry him  arguing that she too is a deviant  the only one who can understand him  and that he loves her.
Jailed  and from Griff  she must convince him and the town.
She is telling the truth.
One disappointment follows another  and enemies.
Kelly tries to exonerate herself.
Old and new parade to defame her.
She is at last able to find Grant s victim and prove her innocence.
<EOS>
G.
Krishnamoorthy aka G.
K.
Is a cartoonist and investigative journalist working.
Urvashi plays the role.
Who is also a journalist.
G.
K.
Falls with Maria Fernandes.
Who is a professional dancer.
C.
R.
Panikkar and Shankar  two political icons  book a dance show on the eve of republic day.
They called her.
Where she is brutally raped.
G.
K.
Decides to report this incident.
But the chief editor  him informs the villain about his plan.
G.
K.
Was arrested that night on fake charges.
He was brought.
Where he had to face many false witnesses.
The court slaps GK with the verdict that G.
K.
Was mentally unfit and should be kept.
G.
K.
Had to face lot.
G.
K.
Meets Ananthanaraghavan  Siddiq and Appu s acquaintance.
He was once selected to be set free as part of Republic day but was denied the chance by Shankar.
Nataraj Vishnu was a murderer.
Who was sentenced by the court.
G.
K.
Who already had a plan and offered him help for breaking out of the jail.
K.
Is free.
Maria was all set  ready.
She dedicates.
K.
He arranged every help to break the jail.
G.
K.
Delayed the issuing.
If his newspaper had all facilities and trained journalists.
He wanted his newspaper to release only.
G.
K.
Instructed the four membered team to kill C.
R.
Panikkar.
He was electrocuted and killed  the torturing method G.
K.
Had to face.
The newspaper was printed the night Panikkar was killed.
The newspaper had a grand reception since this sensational news.
G.
K.
Murdered everyone involved and reported this in his newspaper before the actual occurrence of the incident.
G.
K.
S newspaper soon became the leading newspaper.
Uma and Suresh had doubts.
The news being published so early by the unknown reporter.
G.
K.
Instructed the team to kill Suresh.
Who got some evidences and photos.
G.
K.
Tried to rescue Suresh but could not.
Who later came to know.
The last prey.
K.
S series was Shankar.
Who was a central minister then.
G.
K.
As usual  instructed the team to kill Shankar and he published a news.
But the team could not cross the tight security and kill him.
They all were killed.
G.
K.
Was arrested in conspirating the attack on Shankar.
Who was all set to release his next day s newspaper.
Shankar came.
K.
To harass him.
G.
K.
Tried the last chance to kill Shankar but failed in that too.
Soon  Maria Fernandes shoots Shankar.
The police tried to lock her.
She succeeded.
<EOS>
Badri is the youngest son  always going around girls and enjoying with them.
His womanising habits are a source.
However  his elder brother  Vetri  a kickboxer and his father s favourite son  is very fond.
Janu  Badri s neighbour  is.
It is just one sided.
Badri considers her a good friend and a source to impress girls.
He falls with Mamathi  a rich girl  and poses as a rich guy to impress her.
However  she soon finds out.
Badri has lied.
Mamathi dumps Badri and insults him.
Badri s father  tired  disowns him.
Later Vetri is attacked and is bedridden  unable to take part in the kickboxing championship.
Badri decides to fight and to redeem himself in his father s eyes by fighting in the championship match against Rohit.
Who happens to be Mamathi s new boyfriend.
He defeats Rohit  redeems himself and finally accepts Janu s love.
<EOS>
A stranger meets pretty young Susan Martinez De La Cruz and accompanies her to a barbecue.
Where wealthy Jason Carberry is saying a few words.
Jason objects  being Susan s guardian and protective of her.
He challenges him.
The stranger pulls his pistol.
Jason s can even clear the holster.
Calaveras Kate  a saloon singer  is relieved.
Who s.
When the stranger declines to pull the trigger.
Rafael Moreno suddenly rides and picks a fight with the stranger.
Their brawl continues.
Who have come from back East and deplore all this random violence out West.
The stranger is recognized.
He is looking.
Who could be Rafael.
The women hold their breath to see.
The men they love will survive.
<EOS>
Her associate  in their search for Erik Brunik  a thirteen-year-old boy lost in the jungle.
He was seven years old.
Tarzan is assisted.
Whose brother Nagambi does not wish the boy found  and attempts to kill him.
<EOS>
Officer Hollis  a patrolman on his way home from work  stops a man and is shot and mortally wounded.
He suspects.
The minor clues lead nowhere.
Two police detectives  Sergeants Marty Brennan and Chuck Jones  are assigned to catch the killer  Roy Morgan  a brilliant mystery man.
Who is hiding and listening to police calls on his custom radio in an attempt to avoid capture.
His only relationship is.
Roy consigns burgled electronic equipment  and on his fifth sale is nearly caught.
When he shows up to collect.
Reeves tells police.
The suspect is a mystery man named Roy Martin.
The case crosses the paths.
Who stake to arrest and question Roy.
He suspects a trap  however  and shoots and paralyzes Jones.
Jones wounds Roy  would be reported.
Who performs surgery to remove the bullet and avoid going to a hospital  where his gunshot wound.
Roy changes his MO and becomes an armed robber.
He fires his semi-automatic pistol.
The police recover the ejected casing.
Lee  a forensics specialist  matches the ejector marks.
Jones  connecting all three shootings suspect.
Captain Breen uses this break to gather all to the robberies.
They assist Lee.
Reeves then identifies Roy.
However  Roy hides and attempts to intimidate him into revealing details of the police investigation.
He barely eludes a stakeout.
The case goes nowhere.
The police do not realize that Roy has inside knowledge.
Breen takes Brennan.
Jones convinces his partner to stop viewing the case personally and to use his head.
Plodding  methodical follow-up  using the composite photograph  results in information.
Roy  whose actual name is Roy Morgan  worked as a civilian radio dispatcher before being drafted into the Army.
Brennan tracks him down and disguises himself as a milkman to get a close look at Morgan and his apartment.
The police surround and raid the apartment that night.
Morgan  forewarned  escapes through the attic and uses the Los Angeles sewer system as a means of escape.
The film continues through the sewers.
Roy is finally cornered.
He staggers and attempts to fire.
The police shoot tear gas.
He is then shot down and killed.
The final scene is notable to the final sceen in The Third Man.
Which Orson Welles is chased.
No known connection has been established.
<EOS>
American Gun centers around three stories dealing  an inner city school principal  a single mother  and an A student.
Who works.
<EOS>
Saraswati Batra is the widowed mother.
Who came before partition.
Om is responsible and provides the income.
He works.
Jai is very ambitious and is studying.
His education is paid.
Which he has taken loan.
Jagadish is a college student.
Who is very good.
Jai soon returns.
Om and his mother convinces him.
They all want different things and soon Om and Jai marry.
Om marries the bubbly Ayesha MTV VJ and Jai marries Neetu  the daughter.
Jagadish is.
Who is.
Values they drift apart.
When Jai clashes.
Soon Jai receives a promotion and leaves with Neetu.
Jagadish is caught computer hacking.
Om throws him.
Om  Ayesha and his mother have to leave the house.
Om failed to pay the loan covering it.
The three brothers are separated.
Eventually  they all come together to buy it back.
Om is.
Is surprised.
When Jagadish shows up.
He reveals.
He used his hacking skills to create a program to block hackers instead.
Jai comes.
He got.
He does nt have enough.
The three brothers combine their money to win back the house.
It is nt enough.
Finally  it is revealed.
The CEO made the hacking program for bid for the house and won.
Jagadish made a deal.
The price was the price of the program.
The three brothers reunite and move back.
<EOS>
U.
S.
Army Lieutenant Duke Halliday is robbed by Jim Fiske.
Halliday has no choice.
When Halliday s superior  Captain Vincent Blake  suspects him.
To pursue Fiske.
He runs into Joan Graham.
Who is.
The two join forces.
They are not sure if they can trust each other.
Fiske stays one step.
They are by Blake.
He comes.
When Halliday is knocked down trying to stop Fiske.
Ortega lets.
Him go after Halliday claims to be Blake  but keeps an eye.
His suspicions are confirmed.
When the real Blake shows up.
Halliday and Graham track Fiske.
Where Fiske is meeting.
The couple are captured.
Halliday is initially relieved to be rescued.
When Blake shows up.
He learns that Blake is actually Fiske s partner.
Fiske wants to take Graham.
Blake makes it clear.
He intends to dispose.
Fiske reluctantly gives in.
However   Blake shoots him  explaining.
When he starts to leave.
His ex-partner  apparently  can take the blame for the missing payroll.
Halliday then points out.
If Blake got rid too  he could give the stolen money back to the army and keep the $ 150000 for himself.
Taking no chances  Seton pulls a gun.
A fight breaks out.
When Graham creates a distraction.
Graham and Halliday win.
<EOS>
The film describes a year.
Who thinks as a romantic matchmaker in her small community in early-19th-century England.
Emma proudly takes credit.
When her governess  Miss Taylor  gets married and goes to live.
Her father and their old family friend George Knightley dispute.
Her claim and disapprove matches.
She ignores their warnings and sets her mind.
Who performed the Westons s marriage ceremony.
It becomes clear.
A close friendship develops.
Harriet is being courted.
She is inclined to accept  but she has come to rely heavily.
When Mr Martin proposes.
Emma persuades her to reject the proposal.
Meanwhile  Mr Elton has been expressing a desire by taking an interest in a picture and by giving her a riddle for a book of riddles being compiled by Harriet.
She drew.
Emma misinterprets this  but  he fervently declares his love for Emma herself.
When Mr Elton and Emma are alone.
She finally realizes her mistake.
She rejects his pleas.
He later marries another woman.
Who turns out to be a vain socialite who competes for status in the community.
Various gatherings show  Emma is briefly attracted to a charming  gallant young man named Frank Churchill  Mr Weston s son.
Who loves whom.
Who comes to visit.
Emma soon decides to set him up.
Frank Churchill is revealed to have a secret engagement.
Harriet has no interest  preferring Mr Knightley.
Who was the only man who would dance at a party.
Mr Knightley danced  and is starting to fall in love with Emma.
The conclusion begins.
When Emma ridicules a poor woman named Miss Bates.
She finds herself thinking  but does nt realise.
He s away.
She loves him until Harriet expresses interest.
He and Emma cross paths and have a conversation and her gladly accepting.
When Mr Knightley returns.
Begins awkwardly but ends.
The news   engaged to Mr Martin.
Who avoids Emma  but returns a few weeks later.
The film ends.
<EOS>
S.
Government assigns Major Steve Ross to receive plastic surgery to appear Japanese  Ross had lived and is well versed with Japanese culture.
The government assigns Ross to rescue Lewis Jardine  a scientist bearing valuable secrets.
Ross is also driven and is in their hands.
His one true love  Abby  was captured.
Both Abby and Ross s former college roommate  the treacherous Hideko Okanura  are now.
Where Jardine is being held.
Abby  does not recognize Steve but senses something strange from Korea.
She detects something.
Stealing  drink themselves and then give free rein to their insatiable lust for American women.
Okanura  now a colonel  also detects something strangely familiar about his new NCO.
Okanura enjoys driving his subordinates to suicide and leering at Abby.
He then sees a dog chase Major Ross.
He remembers.
Where he last saw such superb open field running.
It was.
Where Steve Ross excelled.
Okanura also remembered.
His American roommate displayed a nervous thumb gesture identical.
Major Ross places a bomb in the prison camp s factory.
The bomb goes off and throws the camp.
As Okanura is.
Ross kills Okanura  frees Abby and Jardine and then leads the group to a rendezvous with an US submarine just off shore.
Steve realizes.
He can not go back.
<EOS>
KK Nagendra Babu is a business magnate and a widower.
Usha is the daughter.
KK is obsessed.
Naveena wants to seduce KK and then marry him.
That she could become a millionaire.
KK and Naveena plan.
That they could find some privacy.
Usha comes to know and wants to foil their trip.
She calls her father up and tells him.
His daughter is kidnapped.
He needs to bring Rs.
10 lakhs as ransom.
Meanwhile there is gang.
Steals cars and sells them off.
And that gang happens to be there.
Bangarraju Rajendra Prasad observes the deal and steals the suitcase.
KK is told.
His daughter is locked up.
Bujji Prabhu Deva Sundaram steals it.
When KK is about to reach the car.
He realizes.
When Bujji gets the car.
Usha is hiding.
The rest is all about.
The kidnap drama and the subsequent chases culminate.
The film was made.
Who owns a company.
The film is reported to have incurred a loss.
32 crores.
<EOS>
Truman Burbank lived his entire life   in front of cameras for The Truman Show.
He is unaware.
Truman s life is filmed a week.
Broadcast live  allowing executive producer Christof to capture Truman s real emotion and human behavior.
When put.
Truman s hometown is a complete set built under a giant arcological dome  populated by the show s actors and crew  allowing Christof to control every aspect of Truman s life  even the weather.
To prevent Truman  Christof has invented means of dissuading his sense of exploration  including killing his father in a storm while on a fishing trip to instill in him a fear of the water  and making many news reports and ` adverts  about the dangers of travelling  and featuring television shows about.
Good it is to stay.
However   Truman has managed to behave in unexpected manners  in particular falling in love with an extra  Sylvia  instead of Meryl  the character intended to be his wife.
Her memory still resonates.
Sylvia is removed quickly.
He ` secretly  thinks to Meryl.
Sylvia shortly afterwards becomes part.
Fights to have Truman freed.
Truman begins to notice certain aspects of his near-perfect world of place  such as a falling spotlight from the artificial night sky constellations.
Seem out.
Nearly hits him and Truman s car radio accidentally picking up conversation.
Truman also becomes aware.
Well as these strange one-off occurrences.
Which the same people appear.
These events are punctuated onto the set  at first dressed as a hobo.
The old man is suddenly whisked away as soon.
Truman notices him.
All these events cause Truman to start wondering about his life  realizing.
The world seems to revolve around him.
Meryl grows increasingly stressed.
Their marriage unravels.
Truman seeks to get away but is blocked by the inability to arrange for flights  bus breakdowns  sudden masses of traffic  a forest fire  and an apparent nuclear meltdown.
Christof officially brings back Truman s father  hoping.
Meryl breaks down and is taken off the show.
His presence will keep Truman.
However  he only provides a temporary respite  Truman soon becomes isolated and begins staying alone.
Meryl leaves him.
One night  Truman manages to fool the cameras and escapes the basement undetected  forcing Christof to temporarily suspend broadcasting of the show for the first time in its history.
This causes a surge  with many viewers  including Sylvia  cheering on Truman s escape attempt.
Christof orders every actor and crew member.
To search the town  even breaking the town s daylight cycle to help.
They find.
Truman has managed to overcome his fear and has been sailing away from the town in a small boat named Santa Maria.
Christof orders the show s crew to create a large storm to try to capsize the boat  prompting a heated debate with his superiors over the morality and legality of killing Truman off in front of a live global audience.
However  Truman s determination eventually leads Christof to terminate the storm.
The boat reaches the edge of the dome  its bow piercing through the dome s painted sky.
An awe-struck Truman then discovers a flight  leading to a door marked EXIT.
Christof speaks directly  trying to persuade him to stay and arguing.
He contemplates leaving his world.
There is no more truth than there is in his own  artificial world.
Truman   delivers  good afternoon  good evening  and good night  bows to his audience  and steps through the door and into the real world.
His catchphrase  I do nt see you.
The assembled television viewers excitedly celebrate Truman s escape.
Sylvia quickly leaves her apartment to reunite.
A network executive orders.
The crew to cease transmission.
Members of Truman s former audience are shown looking for something else to watch.
<EOS>
Novelist Bill Borgens has been struggling to keep it together.
His wife Erica left him.
He obsesses about his ex  spies on her and her new husband.
Insists. 
Their 16-year-old son  Rusty  set a place for Erica every year  even though she never comes.
This Thanksgiving  their 19-year-old daughter Sam comes home  her first novel has been accepted for publication.
Bill is both thrilled.
He has been raising both his children to be writers  and chagrined.
She wrote the book from him.
But  she balks  refusing to have anything to do.
When he suggests that Sam share her good news.
She believes betrayed her father.
Deeply wounded  Sam has constructed a wall between herself and love.
She pursues only one-night stands and uncommitted hookups to protect herself.
She ridicules him and leaves.
When her classmate Lou tries to initiate a real relationship.
She has to reveal that he has touched her.
Sam tracks him down and follows him.
When Lou stops coming.
Where his mother lies dying.
Not even cynical Sam can resist Lou s gallantry.
Meanwhile  Rusty is just the kind his sister abhors -- romantic  needy and hoping to rescue a damsel in distress.
He gets his chance.
When beautiful Kate  the secret crush he dedicates his poetry  has a fight with her abusive boyfriend.
He steps in.
Soon Rusty and Kate are inseparable.
He is so blinded.
He is unable to see how seriously troubled she really is.
She is devastated.
When Erica attends a launch event.
Kate spins out.
The Borgens family reopens old wounds and inflicts some new ones.
It will take all to save her.
They will have to put aside their grudges.
Order to do so.
<EOS>
SRK is a real estate contractor.
He uses muscle power to encroach land and make money.
His business rival Gopala Krishna GK is the ` Boss.
GK has the power to handle goons as well as the real estate business.
He calls as his personal secretary.
None reach his expectations.
He accidentally meets Anuradha Anu and thinks.
She is fit.
He is tough with his staff but has lots of concern over them.
Anu and GK get closer.
Anu loses her heart.
Anu gets involved and faces the wrath of GK.
When she is about to confess her love.
Consequently  she resigns.
GK calls for his personal secretary again and zeroes in on Sruthi.
It is revealed.
She was planted by SRK.
Sruthi steals a tender file.
Order to get her father Rammurthy released.
However  she does not hand it over and demands her father s release.
The crooked SRK does not listen.
She tries to escape from the scene and is saved by GK at the insistance of Anu.
However  Anu is injured by goons in the process  but goes straight to the Tenders office and files the tender to save GK from a huge loss and to fulfil his ambition of securing his dream project.
She admits her love  only to learn of his past.
When GK is about to thank her.
GK reveals.
He loved Sanjana and married her.
She died shortly after.
He says.
He ca nt replace Sanjana.
GK refuses Anu s love politely.
Sanjana s mother Sumitra dies.
Time goes.
Her last wish is the marriage.
GK also gets a feeling.
Sanjana also wants the same.
He returns and unites with Anu.
The film ends.
<EOS>
-LCB- -LCB- Plot |.
He leads them away.
When Allegra and another harpy named Harvey Harpy pursue Jack.
Harvey Harpy ends up lassoing Jack s animal friends.
They get tangled together.
Barnaby Bear starts laughing.
Soon all are laughing.
They take Harvey Harpy back.
Where they sing and dance together.
Spying on them Allegra seems to soften a little.
She watches the fun.
However  she tries to capture him.
When Jack returns.
Has a claw.
The animals drive her.
About 8 minutes is cut out here  including scenes  and a battle between Allegra and Jack.
Where Allegra returns.
Where she pulls his house and drops it into a lake.
Allegra is injured.
When she crash lands her flying machine.
Jack takes her back.
Sees Jack  and smiles  but then flees back to the castle  knocking Jack over.
When she comes.
She goes.
Jack and friends go back to rescue Squeeker Mouse.
They encounter Allegra again.
She promises to help them.
They were so kind when she was injured.
Instead she leads them.
Drops them.
Giant mushrooms drop Jack and friends into a pit with the machine.
Changes children.
The wind starts to suck Jack .
The Harpies chant ` Into the Machine.
Barnaby Bear remembers  so he runs off and stops it.
A giant windmill powers the machine.
But Barnaby Bear finally lets go.
The windmill immobilized other harpies jump.
The harpies are sucked.
Overloads and explodes.
Queen Auriana punishes Allegra.
Harvey Harpy is sad to see Allegra punished  even opposing the queen  so he explains.
When he runs.
What happened  and leads him to the ice caves to rescue her.
Meanwhile  Barnaby Bear  Phineas Fox and Dinah Dog are captured.
Who imprisons them and leaves them to watch what happens to Jack in a crystal ball.
The queen transports them back.
When Jack rescues Allegra.
Where she battles them.
He knocks the crystal ball.
When Squeeker Mouse tries to cover up the crystal ball so no one can see what is happening to Jack.
This breaks the spell imprisoning the animals.
They realize.
The crystal is the source.
Barnaby Bear throws the crystal ball.
The queen loses her powers and is transformed.
When it shatters.
Jack and friends pursue the queen.
Who has a large air-ship ready.
She sets a time bomb to explode.
She leaves.
Harvey Harpy ties the bomb.
It takes off.
She crashes and explodes.
The queen tries to remove the bomb.
This destroys the castle and breaks.
The spell cast  and one by one all the harpies turn back into children  including Allegra and Harvey  who celebrate with Jack.
<EOS>
Frankie is a black woman  Genius  a seven-year-old child  and Alice  a Southern white racist woman.
Who has two alters.
Whom Frankie struggles more to overcome.
Her disorder occurred.
She has repressed.
She receives the help.
She needs in order to live a life close to normal.
<EOS>
The film has been shot.
The film mainly deals.
<EOS>
Fernand Naudin is an.
Who now deals and lives in Montauban.
His modest  quiet life is disrupted.
When his childhood friend  who has become the Boss  summons him to his death bed.
He has to take care.
Who only thinks and has never been kept in a college for more than six months.
He escapes many murder attempts.
If it was nt enough   Fernand angers most of the other gangsters who hoped to become the new Boss and during the movie.
<EOS>
The film is shot.
It is ultimately not a medical film -- it is.
Henry s emotional journey takes him to visit the mother.
He could nt save some years ago.
Marian  dying said to be inoperable in Ukraine.
Marian has come hoping.
Henry can save him.
He thinks.
He can  but only if Marian is awake.
The film is set in a bleak Ukrainian landscape as Henry and his colleague Igor Petrovich struggle against massive logistical odds and the wrath of the old Soviet health system.
<EOS>
Eric Bury  a mild mannered Englishman  is told.
He must take a mandatory vacation to ease his workaholic ways.
Eric decides on a family camping trip.
This may be the last vacation before they leave the nest.
So he takes his wife  daughter and son.
Eric is plunged.
The family arrives.
This dark comedy takes the family.
Eric  a cheerful soul  tries to see the best  however  the unexplained events at the Adventures Unlimited Campground come in quick  nightmarish succession.
Their bizarre residents push Eric s fragile patience.
He tries to keep his family together.
His obnoxious crazy neighbors  Alex and Iris Garcia  begin to slowly wear.
Iris  flagrant sexual advances seem innocuous enough  and at first flatters Eric.
Eric tries to take matters to end the madness.
When the late night loud music turns.
Then along comes a relentless cop.
Who seems to be.
Eric is helpless.
He watches his family quickly fall apart.
His son Max turns feral and attempts to make a human sacrifice.
His daughter Sally wanders off.
Eric tries to find solace.
When his wife Kathleen decides to fulfill her sexual fantasies  which includes one.
Finally  Eric has had enough.
Eric exorcises his demons.
His constitution fractured.
Leaves little.
<EOS>
Brij Mohan leaves his home to live in Bombay.
His mother prefers to stay alone.
Brij gets married.
His wife gives birth and passes away soon.
Brij is an established businessman and his son.
Montu is studying final year.
He asks Montu to visit his grandmother.
He agrees reluctantly.
The group is besotted.
When they reach the village.
His friends return  leaving Montu with his grandmother.
Montu becomes friends  an orphan living with her cruel aunt  and two equally cruel cousin sisters.
Montu and Gauri s friendship blossoms.
They meet regularly.
He also meets a struggling farmer Balram  his mother  and his fiancee Kanak.
Balram would like to go  earn money for his marriage.
His mother refuses.
Montu finds village life interesting and promises his grandmother to return the next year.
He finds significant changes in the village.
Balram has married and left the village.
His ailing mother has died.
Gauri refuses to speak.
Her uncle and aunt are looking to get her married.
Does Montu understand and appreciate changes and visit his grandmother again.
Where he has grown up.
<EOS>
A 56-year-old clothing manufacturer falls  much to the dismay of both families.
Future Oscar winners Martin Balsam and Lee Grant also star.
Was mildly controversial.
It was originally a stage play starring Edward G.
Robinson.
Some were in the film.
<EOS>
The film revolves.
Who was given a magical power by Manang Garcia  a mysterious stranger.
Anna would eventually discover.
She was given a power to grant any wishes by merely touching them with her palm.
Her power would eventually change the lives around her including herself.
<EOS>
Sally Nash and Joe Therrian are a Hollywood couple celebrating their sixth wedding anniversary.
He is a novelist  she is an actress.
Who is about to direct the screen adaptation.
He has opted not to cast  despite the fact it s partly based on her  because he feels she s too old for the part.
This decision  coupled with their straight-laced  non-industry neighbors  clean-and-sober writer Ryan and interior decorator Monica Rose  has resulted in an undercurrent of tension between the two.
They prepare.
She presently is shooting.
Who is helming Sally and Cal s film  and his anorexic  neurotic wife Clair.
Whose relationship prior to his marriage and ongoing close friendship since troubles Sally.
Whom Joe has cast.
Deservedly is hers.
Sally and Joe have invited the Roses as well.
The early part is devoted to charades and lighthearted entertainment.
Joe distributes.
The ecstasy Skye brought them.
The night deteriorates  accusations are made  secrets are revealed.
It begins to take effect.
Relationships slowly unravel.
Complicating emotions triggered are the disappearance of Otis and a phone call from Joe s father bringing tragic news about his beloved sister Lucy.
<EOS>
The Stooges join the war effort.
Aboard  they have a brief.
Dungen  and then mistake a torpedo.
Moe says.
They have to kill it.
It promptly explodes.
They come across the SS Schicklgruber and climb aboard.
They come across Lt.
Dungen again.
Who does not recognize them.
They are.
<EOS>
Vijay Kumar is a college student.
Who is daring and dashing and has a weakness.
Chanti is Vijays s friend.
Who study.
He challenges Vijay to kill a person and escape.
This person is a professor.
Vijay takes it lightly and tries to play away.
He is accused.
The rest forms on.
How he frees himself and who killed the professor and why.
<EOS>
The movie focuses.
Who decide to fight the local drug cartel after the brother is found severely beaten.
The young man is found to have been.
When taken.
The singer meets.
The two hatch a plan to destroy the local drug processing plant.
They recruit four more women to help them carry out their audacious goal.
They discover high-schooler Trish spying.
They plan their first strike.
The student gets relegated  but eventually worms her way into their escapades.
The Angels not only destroy the processing plant  but also manage to intercept one.
The women receive unwelcome attention from the local drug cartel.
<EOS>
Subdivision is a.
Focuses. 
The plot centres.
Who build homes.
Their world is turned upside down.
When a southern property developer led into town.
<EOS>
Jon Davis is a policeman.
Who consoles ` Foxy  Pattis.
His criminal father has died.
Foxy blames all policeman.
They harassed him all his life and thus were responsible.
Both enlist.
Where Foxy is the instructor and an aerial gunnery school and tries to drive Jon  now a Flying Sergeant student.
Jon befriends a young Texas boy  Sandy.
Whose father was an airman killed.
Sandy invites Jon and Foxy.
Where both men fall.
Jon is commissioned as a pilot with many of his classmates now the crew of his A-29 Hudson light bomber including Foxy.
The plane is shot down behind enemy lines with the crew using their talents to get their craft back in the air to continue the fight.
<EOS>
Destination Anywhere is a contemporary film noir set.
Jon Bon Jovi stars from his home  his gambling debts  and his marriage.
He is summoned back to deal with his emotionally estranged wife  JANIE  an emergency room nurse.
Who has never fully recovered.
Jon returns  Janie is out of control.
His debts have caused his life to be.
He struggles to cope  but has built walls.
Are too thick to penetrate.
The problems only escalate.
A series is set in motion.
When an abandoned baby is found and brought to the hospital where Janie works.
Forces the couple to reassess the terms.
<EOS>
A family is holding a birthday during the apocalypse  maintaining.
The illusion things are still normal being a camcorder and birthday candles.
It is clear  however.
They have barely been surviving as zombies overwhelm them.
The footage is archived by a military photographer  Jones.
Who documents his teams efforts.
There  they take  Leanne.
Together  along  the team attempts to hold out as long as possible.
Things take a turn.
Zombies break in and overrun the facility.
Only Leanne  Jones  and a hand full alive  forced to leave behind one of their own.
The survivors find their way.
Where they attempt to hold up as it begins snowing.
However  the zombie population has grown too much to be safe.
They are once more forced to flee.
They make a dangerous trek through the brutal outdoors at night.
The next day  the survivors continue to seek any kind.
They discover.
Walking. 
Booby-Traps and the macabre remains.
Figuring it to be human bandits  they carefully avoid numerous traps.
They come.
It is here.
They discover the true enemies.
Hardened  Goke is once again aided by his sidekick Manny and several other humans.
He leads.
Two  secretly witness Goke s men sexually assault an infected female  and shoots her in the head before chastising them.
The leader steps out.
Jones and Carter return to inform them of the situation before falling back into the woods.
Leanne   had yet to see her past tormentors  however she recognises the grim location.
She had been found.
The soldiers and Leanne use hand to hand tactics against the undead to keep the bandits from knowing their location.
They continue this  a ship preparing to leave.
They camp  each survivor divulging their personal lives as it is now clear that there is indeed hope.
Their discussion is cut short.
They hear the sounds nearby  discovering that the bandits are in fact searching for them.
Tragedy strikes is discovered and reunited with Goke and Manny.
Uninterested  Goke promises.
She will have a special fate.
The soldiers   strike against the gang and rescue Leanne.
Zombies overwhelm both sides.
Carter is unfortunately shot and subsequently devoured.
They find themselves.
Leanne and the soldiers are once again forced.
The bandits dispatch the living dead.
They are unfortunately captured.
Another dawn once again gives the survivors light.
Fate is once again cruel.
She and her fellow captives are once again.
Goke  Manny and his crew subdue and tie up the survivors  keeping Kayne separated as well as taking control.
Goke sets his evil sights.
Leanne even goes as far.
To call Goke  begging him to stop.
He does not  allowing Billy to violently assault the leader.
Goke and Billy enter the next room to find Manny torturing the injured Kayne.
They then prepare Billy  by raping her.
Billy is physically forced to sexually assault and stab the woman to death.
Gunshots are heard.
Goke can rape her dead body.
The three reenter the holding room.
One shot dead  a victim of Nicholson  the soldier left behind in the beginning of the movie all along.
Who had been following.
Another psycho  Curtis  has his throat slit.
Manny is shot.
Goke manages to flee.
Having been freed  Leanne oversees an injured Manny.
Who taunts her.
The soldiers leader  Maddox  is interrogated by the others.
Who discover the truth.
A large scale firebombing has been ordered.
Maddox leads Jones  Leanne and Nicholson to a nearby bunker.
Where the last known military holdout was known to be.
The soldiers are all dead  leaving the survivors in a state of panic.
Maddox  close  runs out to find.
Where the soldiers had left markers.
Insistent  despite the sounds of the jets overhead  he remains behind.
The others engage against an army of zombies.
Zombies come.
Jonesy  Nicholson and Leeann are still.
Nicholson orders is too scared and can only watch.
Them to fight.
Nicholson is killed.
Jonesy instead watches Leeann fight them herself but she tires out and falls and is killed as well.
Jonesy then states his failure and commits suicide via pistol.
When a zombie grabs him.
Show soldiers in hazmat gear gathering survivors and killing them to prevent further infection reveal them to be Jones  Maddox  Carter and Kayne  facing the psychological damage of slaughtering possible innocents and burning their remains during a time.
When the infection was nt clear.
A camera blinks out.
The ending dispenses with the found footage approach and is presented in a traditional cinema style  showing Maddox as the sole survivor of the group.
Walking the beach  he is taken back at being alive.
The beauty gives an uncertain future.
He stumbles across other survivors  a husband and his pregnant wife.
Who beg after revealing they had come to the UK in seek of refuge from their destroyed city of Rotterdam in Holland.
They reveal.
They were told that the UK was safe.
Survivors were gathering there.
They ask Maddox to help them.
<EOS>
The film is set.
Floats. 
Metro City s population is aided.
Who are dumped when broken or disused.
Toby  son  learns.
His father is going to show President Stone  the militaristic leader  the Peacekeeper  a new guardian robot that he s been working on.
Doctor Elefun  one  introduces Stone to the Blue and Red Cores  two energy spheres mined from a star fragment.
Produce energy which can power robots.
Stone places the Red Core  causing it to go out of control.
The Peacekeeper tries to attack the humans.
Tenma puts a barrier.
Meanwhile  Toby has been released early  and rewires Orrin  his family s robot.
Order to attend the Ministry.
Seeking to have a closer look  Toby enters the same room as the robot  only for the Peacekeeper s first attempt to destroy the barrier to backfire with the result.
Toby is totally annihilated.
Dr Tenma  wracked  builds an identical robotic clone of Toby  using DNA from a strand of his hair to obtain his memories.
The Peacekeeper is stopped.
Will make the robot think he is Toby.
He also powers the robot.
The robot quickly comes.
Tenma brings him home.
Tenma quickly realizes.
While the robot possesses Toby s memories  it is not exactly.
Tenma had initially included the robot s powers.
Order to prevent his son.
Unaware  Toby tries to figure out and discovers.
He is a robot.
He can understand the language.
He can fly.
He discovers various other abilities and heads home to tell his father  only to find.
Tenma and Elefun are discussing deactivating him.
Tenma reveals to Toby.
He is a robot.
President Stone s men detect the Blue Core s energy signature and pursue Toby.
Stone calls  a massive  heavily-armed  flying battleship.
Rendered unconscious  Toby falls off the floating city and lands.
He meets several children.
Who left Metro City after her parents neglected her.
A robotic dog named Trashcan.
Toby meets the Robot Revolution Front  Sparx  Robotsky and Mike the Fridge.
Who easily identify Toby and rename him Astro.
Astro goes along and lives with the children and their fatherly figure  Hamegg   and also runs the Robot Games  destructive gladiatorial matches.
Who appears to care  but secretly treats robots just as callously as Stone.
Which robots are forced to fight.
Astro and his friends find an offline construction robot named ZOG.
Astro secretly revives ZOG.
The kids bring him back and clean him up.
Later that night  Astro comes.
She reveals.
She actually has parents and was worried if they even missed her.
Astro promises not to tell and tries to tell her his secret but ca nt.
The next day  Hamegg betrays Astro  learning of him being a robot  and pits Astro against other robots in the Robot Games.
Unable to simply leave  Astro reluctantly destroys all the robots.
Hamegg releases ZOG to fight.
Both refuse to fight one another.
Stone and his men arrive then and arrest Astro.
They take him back   however  at the last moment  he has a change of heart  accepting  and allows Astro to escape.
Where Tenma is asked to remove the Blue Core.
Even if Astro is not Toby  he is still his son.
Stone places the Red Core again.
For it to absorb him and take.
Astro and Stone fight  demolishing most of the buildings and causing the city to begin crashing to Earth.
Astro is able to slow.
Metro City s decent.
Cora  the other children  and the Robot Revolution try to help to bring down the Peacekeeper/Stone fusion.
Stone catches Astro and is about to absorb him.
He lets Astro.
When the Blue and Red Cores clash.
Astro lands.
Where he reunites.
Tenma tells him.
If the Blue Core and Red Core come together  Astro and the Peacekeeper will both die.
Astro decides  and flies straight  crashing into him and merging the Cores.
This was the reason he was made.
Destroys the Peacekeeper and frees Stone.
However   Astro is deactivated.
Cora  Dr Elefun and others find Astro s body.
ZOG transfers some to Astro   the Blue Core once more becomes a limitless source of energy  so Astro is easily revived.
The catalyst restarted.
His wounds automatically heal.
Astro is reunited.
Cora finds and makes up.
Stone awakes  only to be arrested.
The movie ends.
When an alien life-form appears.
<EOS>
An elderly Chinese American entrepreneur  Xu Jingyou  returns to China  and finds his son  Xu Lingjun  a herdsman working in Chilechuan Ranch in northwestern China.
The father wants to take his son to inherit his assets.
However  the junior Xu is very distant.
More than 30 years ago  the father had abandoned his wife and son to do business.
His mother died.
Xu becomes an orphan.
Xu became a teacher.
He was classified as a rightist and sent to work in a ranch in the underdeveloped northwest.
Xu stayed at the ranch as a herdsman.
When the labor penalty was terminated.
Xu even attempted to commit suicide.
But his fellow ranchers  especially Grandpa and Grandma Dong and Guo Zi  give him the courage and strength to carry on.
Guo Zi and other ranchers protect him from political persecution.
Xu marries Li Xiuzhi  a village girl.
Who had fled the famine.
They give birth.
The family lived a carefree life.
Xu was rehabilitated and returned to his post as a teacher.
When Xu meets his father.
He recalls his past.
Consolidates his decision to stay.
The senior Xu finally understands his son.
The two resume their kinship.
Xu returns to the ranch and to his friends and family.
<EOS>
Chava is 11 years old and the oldest son.
His father left El Salvador.
When the war started.
His family lives.
Is currently heavily fought over.
His mother makes a living by sewing.
Chava sells the clothes.
Chava helps out.
When he s not.
He is nearing his twelfth birthday.
When the military will recruit him.
Chava witnesses the army recruiting twelve-year old children.
One day his uncle Beto   comes to visit Chava s family.
Who has joined the guerrillas.
Beto wants to take Chava.
The military ca nt recruit him.
Kella is.
Beto gives a radio and tells him.
To listen.
Where they live.
The settlement is.
Chava knowingly plays a song banned.
The town s priest saves him  focussing the soldier s attention away from Chava.
Chava falls with a girl in his class named Cristina Maria.
The guerrillas attack the army.
The school is closed.
Kella and her family move out.
One tells Chava of the army s next recruitment day.
Chava and his friends warn the entire town to hide their children.
Chava decides to visit Cristina Maria but only finds the bombed-out shell.
He and his friends decide to join the guerrillas  but they are followed.
The guerrilla camp is attacked.
Chava and his friends are taken  and forcibly marched to an unknown destination  repeating the opening scene.
It appears to be an execution ground.
Where other bodies litter the scene.
Ancha  the mentally-handicapped local village is seen to have been hanged.
The soldiers begin to shoot the boys one.
Two are killed   but at the last moment he is saved by a guerrilla attack.
Chava is next.
He runs back into a raging firefight.
Chava feels.
He should fight.
He picks up the rifle  but realizes.
The government soldier is another young boy who he knew.
He can not bring himself to kill his old friend  another human.
He flees.
The camera shows the boy.
He was aiming.
Who realizes that his life was.
Chava runs home to find his mother.
She decides to send him to prevent him being caught by the authorities.
He promises to return and rescue his brother.
He too turns twelve.
Chava returns to El Salvador and his family six years after the events of the film.
It is implied.
His first love  Cristina Maria  is dead along.
<EOS>
Pyar Hua Chori Chori is the story  looking for quick money for his son s operation.
He was offered the Job to act.
The make-believe marriage finally ends up.
But Vijay has a dark past.
Would hurt every one.
Can he manage to survive.
<EOS>
Paula Fairley  now head  has taken on the burden of preserving Emma s legacy.
However  she suffers dissent.
Her marriage is unhappy  leading her into the arms of her childhood sweetheart  Shane ONeill  grandson of Blackie ONeill.
Struggling to prove herself before her  Paula would suffer heartache and loss.
Mirrors the life.
Emma s request is.
Paula hold her dream.
What drives Paula to fight and overcome personal tragedy and come out  so as to save the Harte name for the next generation.
<EOS>
Norman  a lowly stock clerk  is in love with another employee  Sally Wilson.
He has been unable to muster the courage to let her know how he feels.
He is promptly fired.
He antagonizes the new head.
Norman helps.
Miss Bacon carry her bulging suitcases  unaware that she is an audacious shoplifter.
Freeman sees Norman assisting a customer and rehires him.
Meanwhile  Peggy Drew  the store s personnel manager  flirts  while plotting with her boyfriend Gerald to rob the place.
Norman is fired and rehired again and again.
His escapades somehow manage to benefit the store.
He also finally becomes acquainted.
His antics make her laugh.
Norman is alarmed to find the handsome  suave Gerald trying to get to know Sally better.
Norman inadvertently uncovers the robbery plot  scheduled to coincide.
When he goes.
But  he is unable to get Sally or anyone else to take him seriously.
Sally eventually decides to bring Norman s story  but tells the wrong person  Miss Drew  and is tied up for her efforts.
Norman finds her.
Together  they foil the thieves.
Freeman takes Norman back  but not for long.
<EOS>
The story takes place entirely  in the city of Sao Paulo.
Mauro  a 12-year-old boy  is suddenly deprived.
Who are political activists.
The country is at the same time bursting with enthusiasm for the coming World Cup  to be held in Mexico  the first one to be transmitted live via satellite.
Unable to take care  the Steins   drive all the way to Sao Paulo to deliver the boy to his paternal grandfather  Motel.
Who live.
Who is a barber.
They say.
They will travel to return for the World Cup games.
Unfortunately  however  the grandfather dies.
He is left clueless and.
Of whom speak Yiddish  an unknown language.
The close-knit Bom Retiro community rally  a solitary elder and religious Jew  assumes the care of Mauro.
His father is Jewish.
Who was a close neighbor and friend.
Mauro is a football enthusiast and wants to be a goalkeeper.
He gradually mixes in and becomes acquainted with a number of colorful characters  including Hanna  a girl his age  talo  a politically active student from the Pontifical Catholic University of Sao Paulo  Irene  a beautiful female bartender and her boyfriend  the mulatto ace goalkeeper of one of the local football teams  the local rabbi and assorted Jewish elders  Italian immigrants  and so on.
Neither appear.
Promised nor give any notice.
Fearing the worst  Shlomo starts to investigate and is arrested by the political police because of his meddling.
Finally  he achieves the liberation.
Who is severely ill.
Her reunion happens in the very same day of Brazil s final victory at the World Cup.
Mauro says farewell to his recent friends and playmates.
He and his mother leave Bom Retiro and prepare to go.
<EOS>
A group are tasked with taking ammo to the front line.
The American soldiers meet.
The jeep breaks down.
They abandon the jeep.
They commandeer the refugees  wheelbarrow  and set off cross-country on foot.
The refugees get.
The vehicle started and make use themselves.
Meanwhile  the Italian troops  are given rations.
Who are treated by their German counterparts.
The fact causes a riot.
They are allotted half rations.
The Germans also wish the Italians to take  rather than take on the Americans directly for their own gain.
The partisans coerce some men to swap sides.
When the two Italian parties meet they are reluctant to fight.
Some become Communist sympathizers to avoid death.
When the Italian troops run.
Their leader is shot.
His two henchmen are recruited.
The Americans take shelter overnight.
A majority are of Italian descent  including one socially accepted.
Who accompanies them.
An alleged Scottish resident sheltering is actually a German spy and radios their position to the German army officer.
Who is constantly having trouble.
The Italian troops bravely resist  yet are later faced with a tank  killing a lead member of their group.
The quartermasters reach the front line.
They are requested to help by engaging the Germans directly.
The Germans have the disadvantage.
Communication cable lines are constantly cut.
The Germans are ordered to retreat himself  one sergeant and an earlier soldier.
Who has lost his leg.
The volunteers stay.
They will certainly die.
The main opposing officer and unnamed soldier take position.
They make a heroic effort  all dying  while taking as many Americans with them as possible  finally being killed by the crazy American deserter.
Whom we meet.
<EOS>
Two girls competing suddenly decide to spend 24 hours doing every wild and crazy thing.
They ever dreamed.
The girls  wacky escapade ends up producing unexpected results.
<EOS>
The story takes place.
Konstantin Kostik Romin has come to study history and is staying with kindly aunt Alisa.
Who runs a communal apartment building there.
His life soon becomes intertwined.
Are Margarita Pavlovna and both her former husband Lev Khobotov  a publisher of foreign poetry  and her new beau  engraver-turned-teacher Savva Ignatevich.
The main plot revolves.
Constantly. 
Another tenant is musical comedian Arkady Velyurov.
Who is trying to revive his faltering career and escape.
He has become enamored.
Who rebuffs his advances but takes a fancy.
Kostik finds his own love interest  RitaA diminutive form  a source of some irony   Kostik interjects Rita.
When she introduces herself.
He becomes the catalyst for both Khobotov and Velyurov to find some measure of happiness  the former elopes with Lyudochka with the help of Kostik s pal Savransky.
The latter is elated.
Svetlana attends one had urged him to send.
<EOS>
The royal minister realises.
When the evil Yun Shi Kai threatens to take control.
He must build an army to defeat him.
He travels.
Where he enlists the help to aid him in his quest.
They are teamed and sent out in advance to prepare the villages for the minister s arrival.
They encounter ambushes  romantic interludes and devious plots.
All threaten to stop them.
<EOS>
An American and Russian agent find.
Themselves duped.
Also involved are a naive IBM computer operator  and the telephone operator center in Stockholm.
<EOS>
The film begins.
The pod is tracked down.
A single orca gets caught.
To save him  his family leaves him behind.
He is taken away.
Sometime later  Jesse  a young 12-year-old boy  gets caught by the police for stealing food and vandalizing a theme park  along with a group member of three other abandoned children.
Who has been since he was abandoned by his mother six years before.
However  his social worker Dwight helps him avoid legal consequences and provided.
He cleans up the mess.
Jesse befriends Willy  the orca and has a collapsed dorsal fin.
There. 
Was caught earlier.
He is amazed.
Who obeys his commands.
Jesse and Willy become the best of friends.
Jesse earns a long-term job.
The owner sees the talent.
Jesse and Willy have together  and makes large plans to host The Willy Show.
Everyone is set to begin.
Willy comes down.
Willy scares them off  unintentionally damaging it.
Jesse is devastated.
Plans to run away feeling everyone has let him down.
Later   Jesse notices Willy s family calling.
Dial s assistant Wade and other men sneaking the tank enough.
The water will gradually leak out.
It is surmised.
Dial is interested  since he has a $ 1000000 life insurance policy on Willy.
Thus  Jesse  Haida native Randolph Johnson and Rae begin plans to release the orca.
They use equipment.
Jesse and Randolph borrow Glen s truck.
They try to stick to back roads to keep  and eventually get stuck.
Wade meanwhile notifies Dial  and begin a search to find Willy.
The orca is missing.
Jesse must admit.
He needs help  and calls his foster parents using a.
Annie and Glen show up and help free the truck  and continue on.
Dial knows.
Where they are likely headed.
He  Wade and his henchmen are blocking the gate.
When they show up.
Glen charges full speed in the truck  forcing the henchmen to move right.
The truck plows to the marina.
Glen quickly turns the truck around and backs Willy  flooding his truck in the process.
Willy is finally released.
Dial and his goons attempt to stop them.
Jesse gets Willy to swim away  but panics.
When he sees that Dial has the whaling company to back him up when their boats show up.
They release.
Nets and Jesse has one last chance to get Willy away before he becomes trapped.
He runs.
Steers him away.
Jesse goes.
Where Willy swims up and tells Willy that if he makes the jump  he ll be free.
Jesse then starts to cry and goes back.
He tells Willy goodbye  but pulls himself together.
He says a prayer.
Randolph taught him from his tribe and throws his arm in the air  giving Willy the signal to jump.
Willy makes the jump with no problem and is finally free to return to his family and escapes the boats.
Everyone cheers  Willy leaps out.
Jesse happily jumps up and down  but stops.
When he realizes that he ll probably never see Willy again.
He goes back.
Who hug him as they look out.
Willy calls out.
Both say their final farewell.
The movie ends.
Who has found his family.
The entire pod swims and jumps.
<EOS>
The premise was.
Pauline s wealthy guardian Mr Marvin   has left her inheritance in the care of his secretary  Mr Koerner  until the time of her marriage.
Pauline wants to wait a while.
Her dream is to go out and have adventures to prepare herself.
Mr Koerner  hoping to ultimately keep the money  tries to turn Pauline s various adventures against her and have her disappear to his own advantage.
<EOS>
John Ritter Lembeck as Tony Patrick Swayze as Chuck Angela Aames as Sherry Tan Adams as Shirley Abraham Alvarez as Frank Kevin King Cooper as Tank Kim Fields as Molly.
<EOS>
Stan Laurel becomes an Asian comedy.
Laurel is shown in a high chair and playing with a ball.
His big brother is jealous.
His new baby brother is getting.
Is subsequently taken.
He is found by an employee.
Who takes him and raises him as his own.
He goes to work himself.
When he grows up.
Sum Sap   angers a Tong gangster and is.
He is known.
He manages to get the best of his foes and marry his Chinese girlfriend.
Just then  his real parents finally find him.
He soon discovers.
He is rich.
<EOS>
Maria and Frieda  recently orphaned identical twin teenage girls  move to Karnstein in Central Europe to live with their uncle Gustav Weil.
Weil is a stern puritan and leader.
Both twins resent.
Their uncle s sternness and one  Frieda  looks for a way to escape.
Resenting her uncle  she becomes fascinated.
Who has the reputation.
Count Karnstein   is indeed wicked and interested.
Who enjoys the Emperor s favour and thus remains untouched.
Trying to emulate his evil ancestors  he murders a girl  calling forth Countess Mircalla Karnstein from her grave.
Mircalla turns the Count.
Frieda   steals away to the castle at night.
Maria covers.
The Count transforms Frieda into a vampire  offering her a beautiful young chained victim.
Returning home  Frieda threatens Maria to keep covering.
Secretly fearing.
She might bite her sister.
Meanwhile Maria becomes interested.
Who is initially infatuated.
Anton has studied.
What he calls superstition  but becomes convinced.
One night   she is captured and put in jail.
When Frieda attacks a member.
The Count and his servants kidnap Maria and exchange her.
The Brotherhood debates the vampire woman s fate.
Anton goes to see Maria  not knowing.
She is actually Frieda.
She tries to seduce him.
He sees her lack in a mirror and repels her with a cross.
Anton rushes to rescue Maria.
Maria kisses a cross  revealing her innocence.
Weil now listens to fight vampires.
The two men lead the Brotherhood and villagers to confront the Count.
The Count and Frieda attempt to escape.
They are surprised.
Who beheads Frieda.
Maria is captured.
Who uses her.
Weil challenges the Count and is killed  giving Anton the opportunity to pierce the distracted Count s heart.
Anton and Maria are united.
Karnstein crumbles.
<EOS>
The picture tells.
Who is torn.
Who suddenly finds his life.
Santamaria is unexpectedly fired.
His wife takes this event.
Forced to make a small living returning stolen wallets  Santamaria finds some hope.
Who is waiting.
Ariel is very much.
Will see him take over his elderly father s restaurant and marry an Argentine Jewish girl.
Ariel is also attracted to a sexy co-worker  Laura.
Who tells him she s a lesbian.
<EOS>
Professor Parimal Tripathi is a botany professor.
Who falls with Sulekha Chaturvedi during a women s college botany excursion.
Prof.
Parimal Tripathi helps the bungalow watchman to get downhill to enable him to see his grandson.
Who s fallen ill.
Meanwhile he disguises himself to protect the old man s job.
Sulekha finds out one day and is charmed on seeing Parimal s real personality.
They both get married.
Parimal loves playing pranks and is the antithesis.
Sulekha  is in awe of her jijaji Raghavendra.
She considers her jijaji to be highly intellectual and looks as her idol.
Parimal develops an inferiority complex thanks and decides to prove a lesser mortal.
He is.
Jijaji  meanwhile  has written a letter.
Who can speak good Hindi.
This provides the perfect opportunity to get to see and interact with jijaji.
Parimal becomes Pyaremohan Ilahabadi  a motor-mouth driver.
Who pretends to hate the English language and so speaks only Hindi.
So begins the comedy.
Parimal and Sulekha play prank.
First they pretend  then they put.
Sulekha is not happy.
Sulekha is having an affair.
They get Parimal s long-time friend Sukumar Sinha  a Professor  to temporarily act as Parimal and portray him as a serious and boring lecturer  the complete opposite of Parimal s character.
That was not enough.
Pyaremohan s excessively refined Hindi  his habit to teach him English.
All serve to irk jijaji and provide for many laughs.
Parimal s long-time friend P.
K Srivastava is also party.
His sister-in-law Vasudha suspects fake ` Parimal  - Sukumar Sinha.
When he tries to get close.
Sukumar falls.
Who at first believed he was Parimal.
Sukumar reveals.
Lata Srivastava  P K Srivastava s wife  is also angered.
But  Sukumar and Vasudha end up marrying in a temple.
Where Haripat bhaiyya coerces Pyaremohan to ` kill  himself so that Parimal could surface.
Thus jijaji comes to comprehend the whole enactment  finally admitting.
He was truly fooled.
The film revolves.
<EOS>
A gang scour and finally narrow down on a house in Wasseypur.
They surround the house and unleash a wave on it with the intention of killing the family inside it.
They retreat away from the crime scene in a vehicle  convinced.
They have killed everyone.
The leader then calls one JP Singh on his cell phone and reports but he is double crossed by JP Singh.
The family have been successfully executed.
A fire fight erupts.
A police check post blocking their escape route.
The scene cuts abruptly by the narrator  Nasir.
The narration describes the history and nature.
The village has been historically ruled.
Who are feared in Wasseypur and Dhanbad by extension.
The British seized the farm lands of Dhanbad for coal.
Began the business in Dhanbad.
The region was a hotbed.
Who robbed British trains and thus holds some patriotic value for the locals.
Shahid Khan  a Pathan  takes advantage by impersonating his identity to rob British ferry trains.
The Qureshi clans eventually find out and order the banishment from Wasseypur.
They settle down.
Where Shahid begins work.
He is unable to be.
Who dies.
The enraged Shahid kills the coal-mines muscleman.
Who had denied him leave.
Independent India begins to assert its authority over itself.
The British coal mines are sold.
Ramadhir Singh receives a few.
He hires Shahid.
Who terrorizes the local population to seize their lands and extract compliance.
Ramadhir Singh overhears Shahid s ambitions of taking over the coal mines from him.
Singh tricks Shahid to travel for business.
Instead  he is murdered.
Nasir finds Ramadhir s umbrella  concluding.
Ramadhir eavesdropped.
He flees in the nick of time as Ehsaan Qureshi  another associate of Ramaadhir Singh shows up too late for killing them.
An unsuccessful Ehsaan lies to Singh.
Shahid s family has been murdered and buried.
Sardar grows along and learns the truth about his fathers death upon.
He shaves his head vowing not to grow it until Ramadhir singh is dead.
Ramadhir Singh establishes himself by misusing his position and power as a trade union leader by turning it into a mafia organisation threatening labourers into giving a substantial portion of their income to Ramaadhir s henchmen.
Singh encourages the labourers to dip the coal ores to fake production output.
The coal mines are nationalised.
A mature Sardar Khan and his kins start hijacking Ramaadhir s coal trucks mid transit.
Murders him.
Post Sinha s murder  Ramaadhir starts being feared.
Sardar marries Nagma Khatoon.
The pregnant Khatoon confronts Sardar Khan and a prostitute and chases him away.
Later  Nagma gives birth but gets pregnant immediately afterwards.
Unable to have sex  Sardar confesses his sexual frustrations with his kins.
Nagma gives her consent to Sardar to sleep with other women but with the condition.
He wo nt bring them home or dishonour the family name.
Sardar and Asghar start working.
They misuse their employment.
Later  they rob a petrol pump and a train bogey belonging.
They usurp Singh s land leading.
Forces the two families to confront each other.
The meeting ends.
Sardar Khan is the son of Shahid khan.
Who he had murdered.
Sardar and Asghar are sent for hitting JP Singh.
Sardar and Asghar escape.
Sardar marries a Bengali Hindu girl named Durga.
Hiding. 
Asghar informs Nagma.
Sardar has taken a second wife leaving Nagma helpless.
Meanwhile  Wasseypur has merged.
Where the Qureshi goons terrorize the non-Qureshi Muslims.
The locals approach Sardar Khan.
Both Shias and Sunnis are out mourning including the Qureshi clan.
Sardar uses the opportunity to launch a major bomb attack.
The word spreads.
The people start fearing Sardar more.
Eventually  Sardar returns home.
She gets pregnant again.
Sardar tries to initiate sex.
She refuses.
Prompts an angry Sardar to leave her.
He goes to stay.
Where she gives birth.
Ramaadhir Singh  noticing  tries to reach out by giving him money.
Sardar has abandoned his first family.
An enraged Nagma beats Danish.
She breaks down.
A thirsty Faizal wakes up.
Angry  he storms out and becomes a junkie.
Nasir reveals.
The desires were never consummated.
Faizal and Nasir never see eye again.
Sensing Sardar s increasing clout  Ramaadhir calls his old associate Ehsaan Qureshi.
Who brokers a meeting where the two decide to become allies against their common enemy  Sardar Khan.
Sultan asks Ramaadhir.
The latter promises to give.
Sardar becomes the most feared man and shifts his business to stealing iron ore.
Danish Khan joins.
A failed attack leaves Danish with a minor injury and causes reconciliation between Sardar and Nagma.
Sardar finds Ramaadhir and warns him.
Anything ever happens.
A mature Faizal is seriously affected.
He starts behaving  talking and dressing.
Faizal is caught and jailed.
He kills the.
Who had implicated him to police earlier.
Meanwhile  Sardar seizes a lake belonging.
Who make a catch in that lake.
An uneasy peace is maintained.
When Danish Khan marries Shama Parveen  the sister.
Faizal reveals.
His father Sardar would be travelling the next day.
Late night   his friend calls up the Qureshis and passes this bit to them.
Faizal is still asleep.
Who turns out to be a spy.
Sardar leaves home alone and reaches the Durga household to give them their expense allowance.
Durga turns out to be yet another Qureshi spy.
The Qureshi men follow Sardars car.
They start shooting.
When the latter stops to refuel.
Sardar ducks.
The Qureshi men put several close rounds ensuring a precise & unmistakable hit.
Which they escape.
A shocked Sardar opens the car door and stands up to reveal multiple bullet wounds.
He steps out.
He eventually collapses.
<EOS>
The story concerns Devon Miles  a teen.
Who has just graduated.
Devon heads to Atlanta  Georgia to attend the fictitious Atlanta A&T University  a historically black college.
Takes enormous pride.
Devon was personally invited to attend by Dr Lee  head of the band  for his prodigious talents.
The A&T band separates itself by requiring all members to read music  by focusing on various styles of music rather than  and by dedication to the teamwork emphasized one band  one sound concept.
What music is currently popular.
The band has a preseason.
Is similar.
It challenges.
All recruits to push themselves.
The musicians audition for spots on the field.
Devon is the only freshman to make P1  the highest level player.
Devon also finds time to romance an upperclassman dancer  Laila.
Going. 
College life starts well.
He has the girl and a spot.
Things begin to sour.
When Sean  Devon s percussion leader  begins to grow weary.
Sean later challenges Devon to take a solo  believing.
The freshman will panic and be embarrassed.
Sean is shocked.
When Devon takes the solo and is subsequently humiliated.
This sets up some tension.
Is exacerbated when Dr Lee is told to change his focus from music to entertainment or lose his funding.
Lee does not want to give Devon more playing time.
He feels Devon s attitude and respect are lacking.
The situation further deteriorates.
When it is revealed that Devon can not read music.
Devon is demoted by Dr Lee.
He learns  then later put back.
However.
Devon plays.
The fight also harms his relationship.
She is embarrassed to introduce him.
Devon contacts A&T s rival school Morris Brown College  to discuss playing next season.
Mr Wade  Brown s band leader  says.
Devon does not need to know how to read music and will likely get a full scholarship and a good position.
Devon realizes.
When Wade wants to know what Dr Lee is planning.
His heart and honor are still.
He rejects the scholarship offer to.
He can not give up his drumming.
Devon is still not playing.
He is sent cassette tapes and gets some ideas for new drum arrangements.
He and Sean have a final confrontation.
Clears the air.
They begin to work together.
The two present their idea to Dr Lee.
Who decides they will be used.
Devon helps.
The drumline prepare and patches up his relationship.
Lee also tells Devon.
He can guarantee him a full return next year.
The bands are shown performing a mixture of popular songs.
Morris Brown s band even gets rapper Petey Pablo to perform.
A&T is not fazed and performs their mix of retro and current sounds.
A tie results and the Morris Brown and A&T drumlines face off.
Dr Lee tells Devon.
He can play  showing his faith in Devon s improved character and in thanks for all the hard work he has done in getting the band ready for the Classic.
Morris Brown goes first.
A&T responds.
Morris Brown s second cadence includes their snares moving forward and playing  then throwing down their sticks.
The A&T line manages to hold their composure.
They play their cadence and in the middle throw down their sticks  mimicking the Morris Brown actions.
Then the entire line pulls out another set and continues playing.
They end their routine.
The line all drop their sticks onto the other drumline s drums.
The judges award the win.
<EOS>
Terry Rooney is the stage name with a radio show.
Who gets an offer to go to make movies.
He leaves and finds himself in the hands of studio boss B.
O.
Regan.
Who sets a team to mold Rooney into a star.
Regan.
Who quickly developed an uncontrollable ego.
No one praise Rooney s work.
A stunt man hits him deliberately instead.
Shooting a bar fight.
Who is supposed to throw a fake punch.
Rooney retaliates.
A full-out fistfight breaks out.
Disgusted  Rooney leaves.
To marry Wyatt  and for a honeymoon takes her  ending up in San Francisco.
The film is completed and premiered  and becomes a huge hit - but   nobody in the studio knows.
They are away.
Where Rooney is.
Regan flies out immediately.
When he is finally spotted.
A clause of which requires Rooney to remain single.
Rooney and Wyatt agree to keep their relationship quiet.
Another film is begun.
To promote it  studio publicist Hank Meyers plants news stories saying.
Rooney and Hajos are love interests.
The combined stress   eventually drives Wyatt back to New York.
Rooney has less and less time.
Hajos finds out  the story breaks.
Rooney is not only not interested but is married.
Rooney returns in New York with a front-page article declaring his relationship with Hojas a hoax.
<EOS>
Maddalena Ciarrapico arrives to get married.
Bringing from her co-workers from the sausage factory.
Where she used to work.
But she is refused permission to bring the mortadella.
May contain food-borne diseases.
An indignant Maddalena refuses to hand the sausage over  staying at the airport  sparking a diplomatic incident.
Which she attracts widespread sympathy and support.
<EOS>
Katie  a teenage girl  finds herself in the throes of growing up  facing her parents  her boyfriends  her sexuality and a privileged life.
Lin   faces a much different reality.
Who shares a birthday.
She lives a life of fear and shame.
Her father  Daniel  has devoted his life  with hopes and dreams.
Her circumstances will change one day.
The opportunity comes.
Katie signs up.
Once there  she is deeply touched.
Prompts her to take off to find Lin.
A smile is brought  Katie finds her soul.
Their extraordinary connection becomes a life-changing experience.
This movie is based.
<EOS>
The authorities raid a millionaire s home and expopriate his properties.
Include some paintings.
The paintings are taken.
Where Seckin  the designer brother is set to have his fashion show.
Two thieves arrive in Turkey with plans to steal the paintings.
Meanwhile  a gangster Ekrem is released.
He seeks to get even.
Who is one.
<EOS>
Aravind Vivek  Eshwar and Rafeek are four angry men.
Who can not stand the corruption.
They take the law.
They form.
The secretive clique called 4 The People that takes out corrupt officials.
They have a website.
Where the public can lodge their complaints.
Soon the police are.
A young cop is.
The foursome attempt to kill the Minister but fail.
Seeing the brutality the students come to the support of the foursome.
One kill the minister.
He is joined.
They escape due.
The revolution continues.
<EOS>
An aging  but capable and talented session guitarist named.
McQueen is awakened.
He is needed to help smooth out some tracks.
Are being worked.
The band s own lead guitarist  Dean Storm is resentful.
He decides to leave the group altogether.
Impressed  the band asks him on the spot to replace Storm.
He graciously accepts  fulfilling his lifelong dream.
Storm suddenly returns to the studio and asks to speak privately with the original band.
They soon return.
One member comes and reluctantly tells him.
He s out.
Stunned  McQueen manages to complete and returns home.
What he was called to do.
Who is still.
She asks.
What the call was about.
The film ends staring into the darkness  trying to come to terms with.
He realized his dream and lost it.
<EOS>
The film is a love story.
Indra and Shantanu have grown apart and have little.
They have been friends.
The widowed Indra is a poor engineer.
Who lives.
Shantanu is a rich man  with little time for old friends.
However   he turns to solve a problem.
When Indra prepares to work abroad.
Will Shantanu let Indra s sister Puja stay.
Puja is ill at ease in the huge mansion.
She is befriended.
Who assures her that he has no romantic interest and that a boy and a girl can be platonic friends.
The pair share outings and confidences.
All seems to be going well.
Then Rahul takes Puja.
They humiliate Puja and accuse her to marry Rahul.
Puja leaves and distances herself from Rahul.
Rahul suddenly realizes.
He has fallen with her.
Rahul sets out to win Puja s heart.
He succeeds.
Their romance is balked Shantanu.
Who does not want his son to marry a poor nobody.
He prepares to send Puja home.
Indra returns from overseas.
Shantanu accuses him.
Indra and Shantanu quarrel  Indra and Puja then return.
Rahul refuses to accept the separation.
He defies his father and is disinherited.
He goes and begs to be allowed to marry her.
Indra  angered  says  Rahul must prove.
He will allow the marriage.
He can support a wife.
<EOS>
The film begins.
Where Professor Langford discovers a massive cover-stone ring.
Langford s daughter Catherine offers Egyptologist Daniel Jackson  a down-on-his-luck linguistics professor  the chance to translate ancient Egyptian hieroglyphs.
May prove his controversial theory.
Jackson accepts and travels.
Jackson translates the hieroglyphs.
Read. 
Sealed and buried.
Formerly retired Special Forces Colonel Jack ONeil arrives to take command and declares it classified.
Jackson deduces.
The symbols are star constellations that are coordinates.
The sequence is entered  creating a wormhole to a location in another galaxy.
Catherine gives Jackson the eye-of-Ra medallion.
She originally got.
They find themselves.
ONeil leads a team.
Jackson reveals.
They can not dial home because the Stargate coordinates to go back.
Some team members stay.
Jackson  ONeil  and others go out and discover a mining village inhabited.
Jackson realizes.
The people speak a dialect and begins communicating with them.
He discovers.
Writing is forbidden.
The team develops friendships  ONeil with Skaara  Kawalsky and Ferretti with Skaara s friends.
Jackson begins an unintended budding romance.
Discovering  Jackson indicates.
Shauri has some experience.
He wants to see more signs  and with her help leaves the city and learns how the Egyptian god Ra was actually an alien lifeform who had abandoned his dying world to seek a cure for his own mortality  and had finally come to earth  where he possessed the body of one human youth like a parasite  and enslaved humans with his advanced technology.
Thousands had been taken to the other planet through the Stargate and used to mine the quartzite-like mineral.
These humans eventually rebelled and buried the Stargate.
Which all is based.
Fearing another rebellion  Ra outlawed reading and writing.
The team from Earth discovers the cartouche containing the symbols required to get back to Earth.
The seventh symbol is eroded away.
ONeil orders the team.
To return.
A short time later  a huge pyramidal-form spacecraft descends  covering it entirely.
All team members are either killed or taken into the pyramidal craft by means of transport-rings made of the.
ONeil and Jackson are escorted.
Where they meet Ra.
Ra s guards and servants are human  a blue-jewelled button on each of their wrist-guards is activated to retract the metallic god-masks over their heads and into their collars.
Ra retracts his own imperious metal.
He appears to be a human youth.
The whites frequently glow with light.
Ra reveals his intention to send the atomic bomb brought.
Was to be used to destroy the Stargate to prevent invasion if a threat is discovered  back.
ONeil attempts to disarm the guards and kill Ra  but relents.
When Ra uses his children courtiers.
Jackson is killed.
ONeil is thrown.
Jackson is regenerated.
Ra states.
He will kill Jackson and everyone who has seen him unless Jackson kills the rest.
However   several young villagers signal.
Ra has the local people gathered.
They have recovered the team s weapons.
Jackson   swiftly turns and shoots.
Who has been handed a guard s.
The kids create a diversion.
ONeil  Jackson  and the rest flee the site of Ra s ship and take shelter in a cave with the boys.
The next morning   Jackson realizes.
When Skaara draws a picture.
Part depicts the seventh symbol needed to reactivate the Stargate  three moons over a pyramid.
ONeil and the resistance youths disguised  by suddenly overpowering and killing their overseers and retracting the metal.
They wore  convince the locals that their gods are mere mortals and   ONeil  Jackson.
The remaining members make it back to the Stargate hoping to deactivate the bomb.
Ra executes one to find them.
Ra decides to retreat and prepares his ship.
When the locals begin an open rebellion.
Shauri is killed.
Jackson using a dead guard s wrist-mechanism activates the ring transporter and resurrects her.
Ra meanwhile orders the bomb and minerals to be sent immediately.
His chief guard boasts  activates the transporter rings  descends and battles ONeil.
He will do it himself.
Jackson takes the unconscious Shauri to the transport site and manages to escape execution there by Ra  simultaneously transporting the guard s head up to the ship and Jackson with Shauri down to the stargate chamber.
When ONeil  having overpowered the chief guard and holding him down  activates the guard s ring transporter.
Ra s craft rises off the pyramid.
Unable to deactivate the bomb apparently  ONeil and Jackson transport the bomb to Ra s ship in orbit  killing Ra.
Ra had rendered it impossible.
Where it explodes.
Jackson decides to remain.
The team is able to return through the Stargate.
The Director s cut had several scenes.
Were cut.
The first such scene took place in 1928 and showed  the producers had tried to introduce the idea.
Petrified Horus guards.
Beings had attempted to come after its burial.
They cut the scene.
<EOS>
Professor Jim Tanner  a biochemist  discovers evidence among his co-workers in a research laboratory.
His colleagues include geneticist Margery Lansing  physicist Carl Melkinen  biologist Talbot Scott and chairman N.
E.
Van Zandt  all working.
One possesses a super-intelligence capable of destruction and mind control.
Adam Hart scrawled nearby.
His widow Sally Hallson says.
It is the name.
Tanner is the prime suspect.
His associates are methodically murdered.
He tries to uncover the superhuman.
Tanner faces a showdown.
Nordlund is revealed to be Adam Hart.
Hart s psychic assault awakens Tanner s own latent psychic powers.
Tanner kills Hart.
Tanner realizes.
He was the superhuman uncovered  and that Hart was trying to eliminate any competition from others like himself.
<EOS>
Jerry Corbett  a Chicago reporter and self-styled playwright  meets heiress Joan Prentice.
They begin dating.
He is an alcoholic  he proposes.
She agrees to marry him.
Joan stands.
When Jerry becomes inebriated.
Jerry writes some plays  and fights the urge to drink.
Are rejected.
He manages to sell a play.
They go to see it produced.
The star is Jerry s former girlfriend Claire.
He gets drunk.
Mistakes Joan.
Still  Joan stands.
She kicks him out.
When Joan catches Jerry trying to go.
The following day she tells him.
They will have a modern marriage and that she intends to have affairs herself.
We go with Claire.
When Jerry is next seen he is making a Merrily.
Joan and her date toast to the holy state of matrimony-single lives  twin beds and triple bromides in the morning.
Joan becomes pregnant  and finds out she is.
She tries to tell Jerry.
He is busy.
She moves on.
Jerry quickly realizes.
He loved her all along.
He sobers up  returns  and works as a reporter again.
Joan s father keeps them apart.
Jerry discovers Joan s pregnancy and goes to the hospital to be with her.
He has to force his way  and discovers his wife near death.
The baby is dead.
A repentant Jerry pledges his love.
<EOS>
First phase Second phase Occurs.
A man.
Whom the wealth is just something else  Bruno.
Bruno separates himself from it.
Bruno knows the day-workers Luana aloof.
When having to solve the problem.
The two fall  unaware.
They are actually cousins.
He begins to find happiness  only it has yet to experience one.
A powerful millionaire was known.
Both families belonged.
Even so long continues.
The day-workers Luana  was actually Berdinazzi Marieta  the only niece Geremias alive  but had long been missing.
Who lived.
The fortune always been an easy target for speculation.
He had no heir.
And then here comes a mysterious Marietta  appearing out  saying.
They manage to be the niece was looking.
This woman actually was called.
Rafaela was a coup and an eye.
The villain was able to keep all the post niece.
Heir  was even able to make an attempt on the life of Geremias.
Him to die soon and not take it.
The truth  enretanto  Luana appeared and took.
What was rightfully his.
Geremias still ended up finding another nephew.
Who returned.
Aparicio and Joe Bento two singers are passionate.
Decide to join to form a double hinterland  hence born Saracura and Firefly.
Bruno s daughter  Leah  a young sweet and kind  Firefly falls  he leaves with the road to live their love in a bus followed from city to city.
But the son  the rebellious Mark  a young man  engages with Liliana Caxias  the daughter of Senator Robert Caxias and deludes the point of abandoning the child.
Who was not worried.
A blow too hard.
Who still had to live his father  who only had their head.
<EOS>
Ocean Heaven is.
He works his job and struggles to look after his 21-year-old son Dafu  who has autism.
Sam has single-handedly brought up his son.
Night attempting to help him learn basic tasks  as well as searching.
Order to care.
He passes away.
The growing relationship become clearer.
The story progresses.
Ling ling plays the role.
Who is part and who gets on well with Dafu  leading to a close friendship between them.
Sam perseveres.
Dafu struggles to learn many basic tasks.
He will need to know how to perform himself once his father dies.
Meanwhile  the principal challenged children.
Dafu attended as a child finally recommends Dafu.
Dafu continues learning.
Ling Ling  knowing  teaches Dafu to pick up the phone.
She is about to have to leave.
When he hears it.
She will talk.
Sam   swims in the aquarium with his son  dressed up as a sea turtle  telling his son not to be afraid  he will be like the turtles in the aquarium  always swimming close by with him.
When he is gone.
Ling Ling leaves.
Sam eventually dies.
His funeral is attended.
Dafu is seen doing some of the things.
His father struggled so much to teach him.
He cooks  knows  and picks up the phone.
To ride the bus.
When Ling Ling calls.
It is implied.
Dafu will know how to lead his life on his own.
He still has Sam s old friends helping him.
<EOS>
51 Birch Street is the first-person account.
Having observed most  Doug Block believed it to be quite a good one.
Doug Block s 83-year old father  Mike  calls him to announce.
He s moving to live with Kitty  his secretary from 40 years before.
Always close  Doug and his two older sisters were shocked and suspicious.
They wondered.
Long had Kitty been an intimate part.
Doug returns with camera in hand for one last visit.
When Mike and Kitty marry and sell the longtime family home.
Doug discovers three large boxes filled with his mother s daily diaries going back 35 years   her rage against her husband  her sexual fantasies about her therapist  a brief affair with an unnamed friend of her husband -- and her suspicions about Kitty.
Which she recorded her unhappiness.
The marriage  Mike told Doug  was not loving  it was a functioning association.
Realizing he has only a few short weeks.
His father will be gone  Doug is determined to explore the mystery of his parents  marriage.
Doug finally comes to peace with his parents.
Who are more complex and troubled than he ever imagined.
However   51 Birch Street does nt reveal terrible secrets or extreme dysfunction of an ordinary family.
Instead  the documentary explores more subtle forms within a family  and confirms the complexity of marriage.
<EOS>
Lieutenant Phil Gaines and his partner  Sergeant Louis Belgrave  are the weary and bitter LAPD detectives assigned.
When the body is found on an isolated beach.
They conclude.
The victim  a hooker and known drug user named Gloria Hollinger  committed suicide using pills.
The commanding officer  Santuro  tells them to close the case.
They omit two facts.
When the detectives talk.
That just prior attended a party at the home of Leo Sellers  a rich  powerful  but corrupt  local attorney and.
Gloria had large quantities in her stomach  vagina and rectum indicating that she had apparently engaged in a variety of sexual acts with numerous partners just prior to her demise.
Her father  Marty Hollinger  a headstrong veteran  does not accept the official report and attempts to locate the possible criminal involvement with his own investigation.
He discovers the connection.
Who is also a regular costumer.
<EOS>
Rich kid and party animal Gardner Pruitt III  known to his friends  is on the prowl for a new conquest in the form of teenager Sandy Palmer.
B.
S.
Cronin wants to curtail the romance and shut down a popular local college teen hangout.
Sandy s guardians.
Sid Hoyt and Woody Woodbury get mixed up  with Woody becoming the college kid s hero at the hangout.
That sends up a red flag.
Sends to investigate allegations of underage drinking.
They blackmail him.
When the clever kids discover that ex-gangster Grandpa Cronin used to be a bootlegger.
<EOS>
The Pink Panther is forced by the Little White Man to assist him ina burglary at the Acme Manufacturing Company.
Working. 
The panther notices a large magnet  and uses it to get the thief s purse.
The man tries to break.
He orders the panther to give the purse back.
When the man notices it.
The panther uses the magnet to catch and drop the man.
Later   the panther sets the pipe.
Cutting a hole.
Results. 
<EOS>
Disguising themselves  a family of kumiho travel from their home in the mountains to the city.
The kumiho can only truly become human.
They consume a human liver to go they open a circus in the hope of attracting some victims.
But the only person is conman.
They succeed.
Things get complicated.
When the family s eldest daughter falls with him.
A series of murders in the city brings the family under suspicion from a local police department.
<EOS>
Anna Karenina is the wife.
She becomes infatuated.
She tries to persuade her brother Stiva.
This indiscreet liaison ruins her marriage and position  she is even prohibited from seeing her own son Sergei.
<EOS>
A ship founders.
The captain s daughter and cabin boy  Robin Crusoe  and a sailor named.
Sykes reach a deserted island.
She flees up a hill.
When Sykes tries to force Robin to show her appreciation.
He falls over a cliff and is killed.
She soon settles in  building herself a tree house.
She watches.
When a party shows up with two women captives.
They execute one.
She then rescues the other.
The two fight off the men.
She names her new companion Friday.
That was the day.
The two women become friends.
Royal Navy officer Jonathan washes ashore.
Robin s experiences have embittered her against men.
She is hostile and suspicious.
He suggests.
When Jonathan learns that she is repairing a longboat that can hold only two.
The fittest take it  and send help back.
Robin  however  insists.
She and Friday will use the boat.
Eventually  Jonathan overcomes her prejudice.
They spend the night together.
The next morning  she awakens to find and is sailing away.
He has stolen the longboat.
She assumes  and sets out to kill him.
When he returns.
He is a coward.
He informs her.
He turned back.
The savages return and capture Friday.
She can shoot him  however.
Robin and Jonathan rescue her  but are surrounded.
Robin admits.
When all seems lost.
She wants to marry Jonathan.
Just then  a warship appears and bombards the attackers  enabling the trio to steal an outrigger canoe and reach the safety.
<EOS>
A young brother and sister carry a wagon  gathering them for their stove.
They pass  a toy merchant s.
A butcher s.
A baker s.
The children see confectionaries.
They lick the window to pretend.
They re tasting the cupcakes.
The friendly baker comes out.
He sees the children.
They already left.
The merchants gather to make a plan.
They want to help those poor children.
The children reach home.
They are welcomed with a kiss.
Then  they eat dinner  hard bread and flat water.
The children eat quickly.
I m still hungry  Ma.
She then cries.
They are very poor  due.
The boy tries to make her feel better.
Their mother kisses them good night.
They get.
They each sing a part.
They fall asleep.
She turns off the candle light  and goes.
They enter a land with a welcome sign  an arch of pillows with the word Dreamland.
They walk happily.
Includes trees where they can pick beautiful clothes and shoes  a syrup river  an ice cream cone field.
They laugh happily.
Fall asleep.
A large feast is on the kitchen table  provided by the Merchants.
They ask  All.
They shout.
The boy sticks a fork  to check.
They were nt dreaming again.
The children then laugh.
A chorus sings Somewhere.
<EOS>
Peter Middleton is an unemployed car salesman.
He maintains his optimism and refuses.
The charity offered  saying that having no money would force him to go to work.
He meets up.
Together they find a room.
Peter has no money  but offers to pay Mrs Badger  the landlady  tomorrow.
Which she makes an exception.
He meets Cynthia Hatch.
Out trying to buy a car to sell.
He takes her out.
Where she is known.
She asks them to pretend to not know her  to play a trick.
Unbeknownst  she is the daughter of the head of a petrol company.
She suggests.
When he says that he has a plan to make petrol stations more attractive by including roadhouses.
He go to see Mr Hatch.
Peter asks.
He solves his pecuniary problem.
When the bill comes.
The following day Peter takes her advice and goes to see Mr Hatch.
Mr Hatch turns him down  so he goes to see a rival company.
Hires him.
Meanwhile  Billy helps the landlady.
Peter makes the company a success  much.
Who had been hoping to buy the company.
Peter hires Cynthia.
Billy also joins the company.
He plans to buy lots.
When Peter learns that a bypass is going to be built.
Hatch hears.
However  George Hamlin  a fellow car salesman  betrays the plan.
Who proceeds to outbid Peter s company.
He sees Cynthia outside the window  and thinks.
Peter receives the bad news.
Cynthia betrayed him.
She reveals.
When he confronts her.
She and Hatch were together because he is her father.
Peter then learns.
She leaves.
The bypass will not be built.
Assured.
When Hatch decides to sell his holdings.
Hatch then learns of the delay  and realizes.
He has been a fool.
Peter is then reconciled.
<EOS>
The Liberal Party leader Direk Damrongprapa campaigns during an election on an anti-corruption platform with the support of his fiancee Vasana Tienpradap  a Harvard educated geology expert.
Three years later Vasana separates herself.
Who has become the prime minister in refusing to stop construction of the Chumporn nuclear power plant.
Meanwhile  a masked vigilante known emerges within the city.
Red Eagle is actually Rom Rittikrai  a former Special Task Force agent  his terrible headaches can only be relieved.
Who had been rescued when escaping from an attack by the Matulee and got a bullet in the brain.
Red Eagles has dispatched.
Detective Chart Wuttikrai and his Sikh colleague Singh are ordered to track down Red Eagle.
Red Eagle kills the parliamentary member Sonkuan.
Who is a child pornographer.
This leads him to become the no.
1 target.
Vasana recognises.
Red Eagle and Rome are the same man  igniting an attraction.
Meanwhile  Chart and the Matalee continue to hunt Red Eagle down.
<EOS>
An evil vampire duke seeks to kill and collect the blood to become all powerful.
The last surviving member flees to Hong Kong with his servant Prada.
There  they are introduced to live in an abandoned church.
Vampire hunter Reeve is depressed.
His partner Lila is killed.
He decides to train Lila s younger sister  Gypsy  to inherit her sister s duty and fight the vampire duke.
However  Reeve s own sister  Helen  sees Gypsy.
Kazaf meets Helen and falls in love with her.
Which he intends to lead the life.
He is tracked down.
Helen helps Kazaf and lets him hide.
Where they are later discovered.
Meanwhile  Reeve falls.
Hunting vampires.
Helen and Gypsy team up to save him.
<EOS>
Adam and Seta fall after meeting in a Brooklyn laundromat.
She suffers.
He is stuck.
Both lie to avoid having to reveal.
They are anything but perfect.
Eventually  their deceit unravels.
They are faced  walk away or try to save the relationship.
Deciding to give it one last chance  Adam and Seta reveal everything.
Who they really are that they may not love one another once they know the truth.
<EOS>
Pannalal is employed and is replaced by Kedarnath.
Who comes  as according to him  his ancestors were in the same business.
Pannalal curses him as being the cause of his family becoming destitute and writes a letter to him saying.
This has driven him and disappears.
Kedarnath is guilt ridden and goes out.
Kedarnath rents a room  writes letters to her on behalf of her husband and teaches Veena during his free time making him fall in love with her.
But he helps with the son of Daulatram.
When Maya tells him that Veena s marriage is already arranged.
He steals cash  and tells Maya.
When Maya tells him that she has no money to pay.
The money is.
He then goes away.
Veena s turn out to be rogues except for her.
Who counsels his family that they should not torture the daughter.
<EOS>
Eight-year-old Madan is separated.
Their other son  Sunil grows up to become a police inspector and is also searching.
Madan -- -- has managed to survive becoming a petty thief and has ended up.
Who now is known.
He boards a train to Bombay.
Where meets Shantilal  a man he had known earlier.
The man is old and ill.
He asks Shyam to find his two daughters  Sangita and Sushma.
Whom he had abandoned before.
He begins searching.
When Shyam arrives.
He soon finds a young woman named Sushma.
He follows her.
When she drives off.
Who arrives.
Sushma s sister Sangita is practicing dance in a play called Boy Friend.
The problem is.
The play does not have a male lead.
Mrs Singh s necklace is stolen.
They are.
Inspector Sunil has just arrived.
They start chasing the thief.
Shyam sees the thief hide the necklace.
That evening Shyam sneaks and retrieves the stolen necklace from the case.
He also meets Sangita.
The sisters invite him to stay.
When he relays their father s message.
Shyam leaves early the next morning to return the stolen necklace.
But the Singhs  servant Sampat steals the necklace and sells the necklace to a dealer.
Shyam  deciding to leave the life and seek a job  sees the ads for a hero opposite Sangita in Boy Friend and goes to audition in front of Thakur Harcharan Singh.
He is hired.
The show opens with great success.
She breaks her leg - an operation is expensive.
When he takes Sangita skiing.
She can not appear any longer.
The Thakur sends his manager to demand.
The sisters pay off their debt or lose their house.
Shyam is furious  and quits his job as hero for the theater company.
The problem is finding the money.
Sangita needs desperately.
<EOS>
Kenya McQueen is a successful  single African American woman.
Who has sacrificed romance to pursue a career as a corporate finance manager.
Her obsessive compulsive desire has manifested itself in the bland  monochromatic decor of her new home and the rigid rules.
She follows.
Urged to loosen up  Kenya accepts.
A blind date wants herself.
The two meet.
She is disturbed to discover  so she quickly excuses herself and leaves.
Brian is white.
The two unexpectedly meet again.
Where Brian landscaped the grounds.
Impressed  Kenya decides to hire him to renovate her unkempt backyard garden.
Their employer-employee relationship evolves into a friendship and then love.
Kenya finds it difficult to dismiss her reservations.
Brian is helping her feel more comfortable.
The opinions girlfriends Cheryl  Nedra  and Suzette  her upper class parents Joyce and Edmond.
Her womanizing younger brother.
Brian s unwillingness to discuss issues drives them apart.
Nelson introduces his sister she views as a more acceptable suitor  tax attorney Mark Harper.
Who has just relocated.
The two begin.
Edmond senses.
Joyce thoroughly approves.
His daughter is not as happy as she was.
Everything Kenya thought.
She wanted suddenly seems immaterial.
Nothing ignites a spark.
Mark does.
Kenya chooses to reunite  no longer allowing her controlling nature and social norms to dictate matters of the heart.
When the dissonance she s developed finally overwhelms her.
Kenya marries Brian and loved ones.
<EOS>
Dieter Von Cunth and his men take control of the X-5 missile.
Has a nuclear warhead.
Col.
Jim Faith and Lt.
Dixon Piper are searching in Ecuador.
The two men find MacGruber meditating  and try to convince him to return to the United States in an effort to retrieve the warhead.
MacGruber refuses  later that night  MacGruber explodes after a flashback  he then accepts the Colonel s offer.
Where Cunth killed his fiance  Casey Fitzpatrick.
MacGruber decides.
He will form his own team to pursue Cunth  declining the offer to build a team.
MacGruber successfully recruits all Vicki St.
Elmo and Brick Hughes initially recruits Hughes  but.
He is gay.
MacGruber and his team meet Faith and Piper.
Where his team is.
They are along with his homemade C-4 explosives.
The van promptly explodes  killing the team.
MacGruber is distraught and is promptly removed from the Cunth case.
MacGruber convinces him to form a new team.
Vicki also arrives  completing MacGruber s team.
The group travels in Las Vegas.
MacGruber gets and announces.
Who he is  his intentions  and where he will be the next day.
The team sets up a sting operation.
Hoss Bender  one  attacks the van.
MacGruber and Piper are.
MacGruber tells Piper to pass him an.
He uses to turn the ignition key and hit the gas pedal  running down Bender.
The team breaks into a warehouse to stop von Cunth from getting the passcodes to operate the rocket.
MacGruber distracts the guards.
Piper manages to kill most inside  but is unable to stop the transfer of the pass codes.
MacGruber and the team go.
Cunth is holding.
Cunth s guards throw MacGruber out.
MacGruber returns to the Pentagon.
Where Faith reprimands him.
MacGruber and Piper relax and drink.
Soldiers attack.
MacGruber uses Piper to survive  Vicki and MacGruber escape.
Piper survives due.
He was wearing a bulletproof vest  but leaves.
MacGruber used him.
Vicki and MacGruber return.
Where the two have sex.
MacGruber goes in shame  feeling.
He has betrayed her memory.
Her ghost gives her blessing to allow MacGruber to pursue Vicki.
MacGruber then has sex.
MacGruber discovers.
Cunth kidnapped her  and realizes what Cunth s plan is  to bomb the State.
Cunth calls MacGruber to gloat.
MacGruber traces the call.
MacGruber meets up to save Vicki.
The two men make their way  in large part due to MacGruber s propensity for ripping throats.
Soldiers capture MacGruber and Piper and bring them.
The group manages to overpower Cunth and his men and MacGruber handcuffs Cunth.
MacGruber removes the nuclear component and guidance system.
The missile explodes.
Six months later  MacGruber and Vicki are getting married.
Also present as ghosts are his dead team members Vernon Freedom  Tug Phelps  Tut Beemer  and Tanker Lutz.
MacGruber spots a disfigured Cunth  thought dead  with an RPG.
MacGruber saves Vicki  and battles Cunth.
He falls.
The end credits show MacGruber and Vicki s wedding party.
Where they eventually have sex.
MacGruber sits in a tree  playing a saxophone.
<EOS>
Country girl Anne Maxwell is receiving lessons.
Who is secretly a German sympathiser.
Her step-sister  Betty Benton  tells Anne s father.
She overheard Anne arranging to meet up.
Mr Maxwell visits the church along and discovers Krona trying to kiss Anne against her will.
Krona is fired.
Mr Maxwell tells Anne to leave home.
She decides to make her living and is followed there by her lover  Will Waybrn.
Who saves her.
War breaks out.
Anne decides to become a nurse and serve overseas.
Krona shaves off his moustache to pass and establishes an opium den in Chinatown to lure soldiers on the way to the front into deserting.
He tricks Anne.
She is rescued from the AIF.
She eventually goes overseas   they are married.
Where she tends an injured Will.
She is reunited.
The fliratious Betty reforms  Krona is interned.
Anne and Will help recruiting while.
<EOS>
Introduction  The pair  Famishus Vulgaris and ROAD RUNNER  Birdibus Zippibus.
Zooms and begin to chase  freezing momentarily for the credits and Latin names to be shown  COYOTE.
The Road Runner speeds off  leaving the coyote to fall on the ground.
Wile recovers quickly  kicks up some dust  and begins to chase the Road Runner  the bird  though  leaves so much dust.
His pursuer can not see ahead.
Eventually   the coyote is completely enclosed in the dust.
The Road Runner pulls next and beeps  alerting Wile to his surroundings.
The coyote s expression becomes foreboding.
The camera cuts out to show both apparently suspended.
The coyote pokes his hands  and then looks down to see nothing but air below him.
The dust clears.
The dust completely clears  showing.
The Road Runner is perched on the wrong side of him.
Gravity then turns on.
Determined not to let this happen again  Wile climbs up a very high escarpment and surveys his surroundings.
Who happens to have pulled up right and now beeps such that the coyote falls back down.
The camera zooms.
He falls again.
Dusting himself off  the coyote gets up and walks out.
The Road Runner beeps a second time and sends his rival directly.
.
Wile follows the instructions  Dig hole in road Camouflage hole Wait patiently Eat Road Runner However  he never gets past the first step.
He has nt studied it enough.
His jackhammer vibrates enough to pull the coyote.
The coyote climbs out and finds himself vibrating sporadically.
When the power cord stretches enough to unplug the jackhammer.
Wile walks over and prepares to tear it in half.
Another vibration does the job.
.
Still trying to halt the Road Runner  Wile builds a brick wall and waits.
Soon  he hears the Road Runner braking.
The dust cloud settles  he quizzically looks.
Wile makes random movements  imitated.
Looking behind and ahead  and finally determines that this is a duplicate of himself and rolls dynamite under his own rear.
The firework promptly explodes.
Wile laughs  he leaps directly and falls down to the ground.
He realizes his own tail is aflame.
.
Wile E.
Knowing  leaves out bird seed bumblebees from a distance.
He prepares to release a fifth.
The swarm flies 400 feet and repeatedly stings him.
When Wile pulls the lid off.
.
Wile now prepares a second bird seed trap  this time hoping to squash the bird.
The wood snaps under the combined weight.
When Wile walks.
The anvil falls.
Who simply steps.
The board halves fall.
.
Having had enough  Wile builds a lengthy steep ramp and lights.
A bomb intended at the ramp s bottom  but which simply explodes instantly upon lighting.
The coyote now prepares  however  the boulder is too heavy and flattens its owner.
A giant catapult.
.
Finally  Wile hopes to shoot the Road Runner.
The rope  however  catches one and drags his rear over a cactus and under several rocks  then hurtles him into open space.
Wile sees the fix and recovers to grab the very end of the rope.
He is.
Unfortunately  the rope continues out onto the road and directly into a chicken race with a truck.
Wile smashes directly  and then the spear finally impales a rock face.
This leads and bumped all the way up to the edge of a precipice  ragged  exhausted  gasping and sobbing.
The Road Runner pulls up directly.
I just do nt have the heart.
Would possibly drive his opponent insane.
The sign changes.
He dashes back the way he came.
The title is a pun.
<EOS>
The film draws from The Washington Post at the time  to describe the life of Jim Jones from a 1960s idealist to the November 1978 mass murder/suicide of members of Peoples Temple in Jonestown  Guyana.
<EOS>
Sam Tiler has been struggling to recover with the Mutated Snowman known as Jack Frost.
Since he rampaged last Christmas.
To get away  Anne suggests a tropical vacation in a cabana far away in the Pacific for the wedding of his deputy  Joe Foster and his secretary Marla.
Sam reluctantly agrees  from his doctor.
Meanwhile  the FBI has dug up the anti-freeze used to dissolve Jack  attempting to test it for remains of the genetic material.
One accidentally spills a cup of coffee into the tank of antifreeze  waking Jack up and causing him to reform and break free.
He heads.
His blood dripped  Jack is linked to Sam s psyche.
Sam  Anne  Marla and Joe  arrive to a greeting by the eccentric Colonel Hickering and his assistants Captain Fun and Bobby.
The festivities quickly begin.
Things get deadly.
When Jack washes ashore and kills three ladies  transforming himself into an ice anvil and crushing Ashlea  impaling his icicles into Paisley  and stabbing a pair of tongs into Rose s eyes.
The next morning  the Colonel discovers the bodies and tries to cover up the whole mess.
He does not want this to ruin his resort.
However  the island s manager  Agent Manners  suspects.
Jack has returned.
Jack continues his rampage  killing a beach model named Sarah and stabbing her cameraman to death with his carrot nose.
Sam begins to suspect.
Something is amiss when he runs.
Sam  the Colonel  and Manners stage a trap to capture Jack.
This fails.
The snowman they capture was really the Colonel.
Jack  another beach model named Cindy by drowning her in the pool by freezing it  decides and freezes the place  causing it to snow and freeze the lifeguard.
The tropics are a bit too warm.
The party guests begin to play around.
When Jack enters the fray  killing at least another dozen.
Sam  Anne  Marla  Manners and Joe lock themselves up  using anti freeze to keep Jack at bay.
Sam and Manners decide to find help  and end up finding a room.
Where the Colonel  Captain Fun  and Bobby have barricaded themselves.
Sam asks the three.
Where they can find anti-freeze  to which Bobby suggests they use the coolant.
Luring Jack  Sam once again tricks Jack into a pool of.
Unfortunately  this does not work.
Jack has become much more resilient due to his time in the lab.
Jack spits out a snowball and flees  followed  into the woods.
Sam  Anne  and the others observe a snowball.
The snowball hatches and becomes a baby snowman.
Who kills Captain Fun.
They trap the snowman and try many different ways of killing it.
Of which fail.
Meanwhile  Manners has followed Jack.
Where he sees that Jack has spit up many  many snowball children.
He calls the others and tells them.
What he has seen  but before leaving he is attacked and devoured.
Sam.
The antifreeze does not work.
Anne takes charge in order get Joe and Colonel to go around the island to trap as they can until the supply boat comes  while Bobby  Marla and Sam wait back in the kitchen.
The snowmen kill seven more tourists.
Eventually  Anne realizes.
They can be killed.
Jack would share the same vulnerabilities.
He absorbed some in Snowmonton.
This angers Jack.
Who stabs Colonel.
Marla and Joe flee and lock themselves.
Anne is attacked.
Sam snaps out and shoots Jack with a banana attached to an arrow  causing him to explode.
Anne and Sam embrace each other  and walk.
The two sailors on the supply boat are crushed by a giant carrot  implying.
Jack is still alive and that there will be a sequel.
We re shown.
Joe and Marla were accidentally left by Sam and Anne.
It s implied.
The couple froze in the freezer.
<EOS>
The film starts.
She tells the story.
Flor Moreno is a poor  Mexican single mother  their kids Bernice and Georgie  and Deborah s mother Evelyn Wright  a rich American family.
Who is hired.
John is head chef  Deborah is a former businesswoman turned stay-at-home mother.
Evelyn is a former jazz singer.
Flor speaks very little English.
She does not mention.
She has a daughter  Cristina.
John  Evelyn  Georgie and Bernice are very likeable  Deborah  however  is uptight  her behavior often upsetting both households.
Summer comes and Flor is needed.
Unable to communicate well  Deborah finds a neighbor to interpret.
Flor reveals  so Cristina is invited to come stay.
She is unable to maintain these hours because she has a daughter.
Cristina interprets.
She impresses Deborah   taking Cristina shopping  getting her hair done  enrolling her  and showing her more love.
Who begins to treat her.
She does the sensitive Bernice.
Flor becomes unhappy.
When it appears that Cristina is influenced  in part because she wants Cristina to keep in touch with her Mexican roots and working-class values  and partly because Deborah is overstepping her bounds.
Flor objects.
Who apologizes.
Flor loses her temper.
When she finds out that John has given Cristina for a minor task.
She threatens to leave.
John convinces her to stay.
Flor begins to learn English.
She can communicate better.
She becomes closer.
Who is having difficulty.
The alcoholic Evelyn realizes.
Her daughter is having an affair and that her marriage is.
She pleads to end the affair  telling her she ll never get another man as good as John.
Deborah confesses.
She cheated.
John walks out and gives Flor a ride.
They go.
Where he cooks.
They enjoy the conversation  feeling love for one another.
Flor quits and takes her daughter home  upsetting Cristina.
Who got along well.
She tells Cristina  upsetting Cristina even more  she screams in the middle of the street.
She ca nt go either.
Flor ca nt do this and that her life is ruined.
Flor loses patience.
She asks her mother.
Flor explains  Is.
She must answer the most important question  at a very young age.
What you want for yourself to become someone very different.
The film ends  acknowledging and happily on the simple fact.
Her life rests firmly.
She is her mother s daughter.
<EOS>
The adolescent Jae-yeong tells her classmate and best friend Yeo-jin the tale of an Indian prostitute named Vasumitra.
Whose clients  as the curious legend goes  became devout Buddhists with her.
It is an innocuous topic  a transactional date arranged by Yeo-jin on her friend s behalf through an online chat.
Takes  as the demure Yeo-jin helps the more uninhibited Jae-yeong apply make-up in preparation for a rendezvous with an older client.
The fanciful Jae-yeong interprets the anecdotal spiritual awakening to Vasumitra s feminine prowess.
It is this naive belief.
Seems to embolden.
Determined to reach their superficial goal to be able to travel to Europe  and seemingly obsessed with the mythical prostitute s powers of transfiguration  Jae-yeong exhibits a fearlessness of consequence.
One afternoon   will lead to an irrational and tragic leap of faith.
The recurring theme defines the course of the film.
Yeo-jin attempts to come by retracing her friend s liaisons through a meticulously kept personal diary that had also served as an account of their financial progress towards their hoped-for European trip.
Contacting each client  Yeo-jin embarks on a guilt-ridden journey of sexual and financial restitution  arranging to reunite with each of Jae-yeong s dates  consummating their transaction  revealing the plight of the first Yeo-jin  then concluding their meeting by returning the money once given to her friend by them.
Her unexpectedly sincere  obliquely Samaritan act proves cathartic  turning their seemingly inconsequential dalliance with the under-aged prostitute into a humbling moment of reckoning for the transgressions and emptiness in their own lives.
However   the toll becomes even more unbearable into prostitution  a discovery.
Her doting father  a widowed police detective named Yeong-ki who  already grieving  becomes an inadvertent witness to his only child s unfathomable descent.
Ironically occurs as he investigates the crime scene.
Consumed  he begins to follow.
She conducts her bizarre  invariable after-school routine.
Consisting and exploring such spiritually fundamental themes as sin  moral bankruptcy and atonement  the film suggests a cursory - but fitting - modern-day parallel to the tripartite structure and redemptive themes of Dante Alighieri s epic narrative poem  The Divine Comedy.
Set  The Samaritan Girl is a figurative descent into the soulless  impersonal spaces of anonymous Internet chat rooms  tawdry love motels  and secluded public parks.
These are the spaces.
Jae-yeong inhabits  and that Yeo-jin must later traverse in order to expiate her own feelings of culpability.
Moreover  the film is also a chronicle.
Motivates the actions.
It is this figurative Christ-like.
Is illustrated.
The title provides a further useful insight into the thematic structure of the film.
Alluding to the contrasting movements within a single musical composition  the film is also an illustration of contrasting reactions to similar transgressions.
The recurring images are intimate  supportive  and even purgative.
The image of Yeo-jin s shower after leaving the hospital - later recalled in a similar shot of Yeong-ki - is devastating  isolated and bereft.
They can not forgive themselves.
Yeo-jin and Yeong-ki can see.
Inasmuch serves.
A passive and enabling protector becomes more complex and inescapable.
Resorting and recounting cryptic  Fatima-like visions of apocalypse to a preoccupied Yeo-jin  Yeong-ki does not confront his daughter with his shattering discovery  instead  he turns his grief inward and begins to confront his daughter s dates after their encounters with her.
He drives her.
Casting the proverbial first stone  Yeong-ki s innately protective paternal role turns from brooding sentinel to avenging angel.
Doggedly navigating the inhospitable terrain using an innate compass.
Elusively  but transfixedly  points home.
<EOS>
Izrael Arie  a Lithuanian Jew and a world-renowned Moscow heart surgeon  learns.
He has only six months to live.
He retires immediately and sets out to find his first love  Sonia Schworz.
Whom he shared an attic while hiding from the Nazis for a large part of World War Two.
Their re-union takes place.
Where Sonia settled.
It turns out.
The couple has not seen each other.
They have been following similar life paths  not unlike twins separated at birth.
Both have achieved enviable prosperity and enjoy the company.
To get these youngsters out  Sonia unceremoniously dumps her lover Chaim.
Izia s pregnant wife Olga is quickly persuaded to marry Sonia s grandson Yossi.
Yossi bears an uncanny resemblance.
Who hid Sonia and Izia  and won over Sonia s heart in 1944 in an unequal competition with the inexperienced Izia.
Izia does not forgive Sonia.
Juozas is killed.
What he sees as betrayal.
When Lithuania is liberated.
The irony  commonly known as Jewish happiness  lies in the patterns  Izia loses his woman to a Juozas look-alike again and fails to keep Sonia too.
Keep repeating themselves sixty years.
Apparently  Sonia s and Izia s union was never meant.
Pondering on the lost opportunities  Izia reiterates God s commandment to multiply and replenish the earth in the form of an impassionate plea to Olga and Yossi to waste no time in going forth and procreating  presumably to contribute to the survival of the Jewish people  constantly threatened by extermination.
<EOS>
The story is set.
The film deals.
Who has to give up her university education for her arranged marriage.
The plantation and its social routine become a prison.
Her husband completely neglects her.
Things get worse.
When she discovers  outraged.
Her marriage was.
She considers herself.
Then one day an old classmate  now an army officer  visits them.
Depressed  she gets drawn from.
Whom she seeks fulfillment.
<EOS>
The short begins.
The Land is a classical-themed kingdom.
Where the princess grows bored and sneaks out.
The Isle of Jazz is alive with hot music and dancing.
The prince takes little interest.
Sneaking out  he spots the princess.
He quickly traverses the sea to meet her.
Their flirting is interrupted  however.
When the queen sends her guards to lock him in a metronome prison tower.
To escape this predicament  he writes a note and passes it to a bird.
Brings it.
The Isle deploys its multi-piece band as artillery  bombarding the Land of Symphony with explosive musical notes to a jazz/swing number.
The Land returns fire via organ pipes.
Rotate  launching volleys to the refrains of Wagner s The Ride of the Valkyries.
The princess intervenes to stop the war  but falls.
The prince struggles to escape his cell  but an explosive note helps him.
He rushes to save her  but ends up struggling as well.
Both parents see.
What is happening.
Quickly cease fire to rescue their children.
The story ends  as the citizens of both lands dance on the newly-built Bridge of Harmony.
<EOS>
The young dArtagnan wants to be a musketeer.
He travels the long way to the city of Paris in France.
Where he will enter the same academy that his father had attended.
However  he meets up with Monsieur Rochefort.
DArtagnan does not know.
His rivalry will get him involved in a battle against the evil plot thought up by Cardinal Richelieu against the king and queen of France.
The cardinal uses the information to blackmail the queen and create a difficult situation and King Louis.
When Cardinal Richelieu discovers that the queen had sent valuable diamonds in England  a country enemy of France.
Who now believes his wife to be with the Duke of Buckingham.
Nobody knows  Rochefort allows her to hold on.
The diamonds are and had brought them for Rochefort so that they would be nowhere to be found.
Order to ensure this.
Dartagnan meets three of the finest among them  Porthos  Athos and Aramis.
The four become fine friends shortly after  since all four fight against the Cardinal s soldiers.
Their first meeting had not gone well and had led.
Dartagnan meets the lovely Constance Bonacieux  a good friend.
When searching.
Cardinal Richelieu orders to be arrested.
That no one will be able to defend her once King Louis decides to have her beheaded.
DArtagnan defends Constance and then takes her.
When a group try to insolently have her arrested.
Constance trusts the queen.
The woman asks to travel to England and fetch the Duke of Buckingham  the only one.
When she learns.
Who may now save the queen.
DArtagnan  now but not fully trusting of the queen  gathers.
His three friends  the three musketeers and all travel to England together.
There  they meet the Duke  as well as Milady   believing.
Who confesses the crime she is committed and attempts to murder the duke.
He is.
The five  DArtagnan  the duke and the three musketeers  return to France.
As the queen is being led.
King Louis begs his wife to lie  to tell him.
She did not send the diamonds out.
If she did.
The queen refuses.
They fear and attack the five men.
When the cardinal and the soldiers discover the presence.
The Cardinal calls everyone to stop.
Dartagnan comes close.
Himself does not wish Rochefort to be harmed.
The Duke then bows before King Louis and explains to him.
He is the brother of his wife  not the lover.
The queen explains.
She and her brother had been separated and that she had been sent.
She had sent the diamonds to prevent him from being locked up.
When he was left almost penniless and when difficulties had begun.
She had had to remain silent.
She could not reveal she was sister to her own.
King Louie then apologizes for doubting her  befriends the Duke of Buckingham  declares peace between their two countries and finally declares dArtagnian as an official musketeer in his service.
<EOS>
This short documentary chronicles.
The difficulties encountered and cast while filming The Comedians on location in Africa s Dahomey.
Author Graham Greene and director Peter Glenville appear.
Do actors Richard Burton  Elizabeth Taylor  Alec Guinness  Peter Ustinov  Georg Stanford Brown  Roscoe Lee Browne  Paul Ford  Lillian Gish  James Earl Jones and Raymond St.
Jacques.
<EOS>
Aravind  a youngster  falls with Gayatri.
Who was transferred.
They marry and have a girl.
Gayatri dies.
Aravind befriends.
One day  the couple s daughter  Priya dies.
Then  Uma and Pradeep  ask to adopt Saranya.
Aravind can not let them to do it.
It was his only family.
Later  a nurse contacts Uma to reveal.
Priya was Aravind s child.
Uma take the affair.
The judge decides to let Saranya.
Saranya do nt want to live.
Uma lets her to go.
<EOS>
The film deals.
Wei Ming is working for a school.
The film begins.
As she harbors dreams.
Wei Ming meets a friend  Yu Haichou and an old schoolmate  Zhang Xiuzhen  now named Mrs Wang  on a.
Wei  Mrs Wang  and Yu return.
Where Wei receives a phone call.
He insists.
As she ignores his call.
Wei is informed.
Mrs Wang leaves.
One has been accepted for publication.
Wei s excitement  however  is soon contrasted.
A flashback reveals that the publishing company has only selected her manuscript because she is a young woman.
Unaware shows Yu a toy.
She has bought.
She tries to flirt.
He ignores her advances.
Soon  Dr Wang has picked Wei Ming up.
They are to a western-style dancehall.
A flashback is shown.
Wei Ming sits.
She met Dr Wang  a western educated Ph.
D.
And a member.
The film contrasts scenes with images of Wei Ming s neighbor  Li Aying  a factory worker.
Wei Ming and Dr Wang enter the dance hall.
Who leads her fellow workers.
Dr Wang tries to harass Wei Ming.
Who firmly rejects him.
She winds up meeting Li and they re-enter their building together.
She flees.
Is a letter from Wei Ming s sister.
Wei Ming s daughter   must now come.
Who had been living.
The film then cuts on a train bound for Shanghai.
The young girl asks.
She coughs ominously.
Back  the situation has become dire.
Dr Wang has convinced the principal.
The bills have begun to pile up.
Li Aying asks Wei Ming to compose the music.
Wei  however  has other issues to deal  including the worsening sickness of her daughter.
Soon  things have reached a breaking point.
Wei Ming is offered help.
Both make advances.
She rejects.
Unable to pay  Wei Ming agrees to become a prostitute.
Her first client  coincidentally is Dr Wang.
Who flaunts his new-found power.
Wei  disgusted  runs back to her apartment  with Dr Wang in hot pursuit.
Back  Wang and Li come to blows with the effeminate Wang becoming quickly incapacitated.
Mrs Wang bursts through the door and accuses Wei Ming of seducing her husband.
Wei Ming s daughter succumbs to pneumonia.
Distraught  Wei Ming attempts to commit suicide  much.
Both Li and Yu try to convince Wei.
She needs to continue living.
Wei Ming cries out.
The film ends.
She wants to live.
A newspaper obituary announcing her death is shown.
A gang march in step.
<EOS>
The film opens.
She knocks.
A woman answers the door.
Kate explains.
Although she does nt know her she has a long story to explain.
The story begins.
The movie then goes on to show.
How all the family members found out  and how they came together for the funeral.
Charlotte Collins  the family s dysfunctions and idiosyncrasies come.
The Collins family joins their widowed.
Kate s father  Daniel Collins  is an obscure foreign film actor.
Whose career peaked when he appeared in a peanut butter commercial.
Kate s uncle  Skip Collins  is an overly hormonal father.
Who managed to run their mother out.
Kate s aunt  Lucy Collins  and her girlfriend Judy Arnolds are both criticised.
Most comes from Kate s other aunt  Alice Collins.
The bossy  intimidating Alice has managed to both raise her three children and drive her husband.
Kate is told.
They all arrive.
Her grandfather wished for her to give the eulogy.
Charlotte tries to commit suicide by overdosing on a medication.
Goes south when Lucy and Judy announce that they are getting married.
They run a nurse at the hospital.
The family sits.
Who is also an old friend.
She tries again by jumping out of a moving van on a bridge and  she is seriously injured and spends the remainder of the movie in a wheelchair.
She does not die.
Kate continually tries to come up with a eulogy while dealing with a previous romance with Ryan  from.
Whom she ran away.
Kate gets reacquainted.
It is revealed.
Edmund has three families that do nt know.
This explains Edmund s inability to keep names and number before also dropping the bomb.
He was up in debt.
Kate is tasked.
Ultimately   he is placed in a casket and floated out on a local lake in a boat.
Ted and Fred  having previously filled the casket  start shooting fiery arrows from a bow at the casket.
Kate finally gives her eulogy.
One eventually hits the casket and a moment later the casket  completely unexpectedly  explodes in a fiery explosion and completely demolishes the boat  body  and casket in a splintery mess.
The movie ends.
The woman explains she was looking.
She is not actually the person.
<EOS>
Italy  year 2061  is plunged into a kind of new Middle Ages.
<EOS>
