<EOS>
Congolese cinema came to light during the colonial era.
Nowadays  local productions have a hard time keeping their above water.
Congolese filmmakers wonder.
The film is a documentary and Ferdinad Kanza  a director.
Who made films at the National Radio Television of Congo.
<EOS>
The movie is narrated.
Sanjana and Akshay meet after.
They discover.
The whole city has been flooded due.
The crisis forces them to be unite.
They fight as their past and present collide.
<EOS>
Several narratives are woven together  including those of de Hory  Irving  Welles  Howard Hughes and Kodar.
We learn.
He was a struggling artist who turned to forgery out  only to see the greater share of the profits from his deceptions go to doubly unscrupulous art dealers.
He is maintained in a villa in Ibiza by one of his dealers.
Is. 
What is only hinted.
De Hory had recently served a two-month sentence and consorting with criminals.
Irving s original part was as de Hory s biographer.
His part grew unexpectedly during production.
There has not always been agreement.
How that production unfolded.
The now-accepted story is.
The director Francois Reichenbach shot a documentary before giving his footage to Welles  who then shot additional footage with Reichenbach as his cinematographer.
It became known.
Irving had perpetrated a hoax  namely a fabricated authorized biography of Howard Hughes.
This discovery prompted the shooting.
Then got woven.
Blurring the lines even more  there are several pieces.
De Hory even signs a painting with a forgery of Welles  signature.
Some is outlined in the form of a parody of the News on the March sequence in Citizen Kane.
Exactly one hour  Welles promises.
Everything will be true.
Exactly one hour later  the film tells a story.
Where Kodar sits after getting him to agree to give her the finished portraits.
Then selling not those very portraits but fake Picassos.
The story climaxes re-enacting a tense exchange between Picasso and Kodar s grandfather  the alleged forger of the paintings.
Welles reminds the viewer that he only promised to tell the truth and that for the last 17 minutes  I ve been lying my head off.
Kodar claims the idea for this segment as her own.
She also claims credit.
Openly stare.
This sequence is described.
Inspired. 
<EOS>
Joan Howell intends to be an actress.
She s working as a maid.
Three different times  she accidentally bumps.
Who then asks her.
Ashamed  Joan invites him to the lavish apartment of one of her clients  pretending.
It is hers.
Is. 
What she does nt know.
She and her employer have never met.
The apartment is Tom s.
He is shocked to find himself being welcomed.
To see  Tom moves in and goes along with it.
Far Joan is prepared to go.
Whereupon the party is promptly raided.
Soon as Joan becomes aware  however  she gets even by throwing a party with girls pretending to be prostitutes.
<EOS>
Ariel  a sixteen-year-old mermaid princess  is dissatisfied under the sea and curious about the human world.
Flounder  Ariel collects human artifacts and goes to the surface of the ocean to visit Scuttle the seagull.
Who offers very inaccurate knowledge.
She ignores the warnings.
Contact is forbidden  longing to join the human world and become a human herself.
One night  Ariel  Flounder and an unwilling Sebastian travel surface to watch a celebration for the birthday of Prince Eric on a ship.
Whom Ariel falls.
The ship is destroyed.
Ariel saves the unconscious Eric.
Ariel sings  but quickly leaves as soon.
He regains consciousness to avoid being discovered.
Fascinated  Eric vows to find.
Who saved and sung.
Ariel vows to find a way to join him and his world.
Noticing a change  Triton questions Sebastian about her behavior and learns of her love for Eric.
Triton confronts Ariel in her grotto.
Where she and Flounder store human artifacts  and destroys most with his trident.
Leaves  a pair of eels  Flotsam and Jetsam  convince Ariel to visit Ursula the sea witch.
Order to be.
Ursula makes a deal to transform her into a human for three days in exchange for Ariel s voice.
Ursula puts.
Ariel must receive the kiss of true love from Eric  otherwise  she will transform back into a mermaid and belong to Ursula.
Ariel is then given human legs and taken by Flounder and Sebastian.
Eric finds Ariel and takes her to his castle  unaware.
She is the one who had saved him earlier  assuming her to be a mute shipwreck survivor.
Ariel spends time.
They almost kiss but are thwarted by Flotsam and Jetsam.
Angered  Ursula disguises herself as a beautiful young woman named Vanessa and appears onshore singing with Ariel s voice.
Eric recognizes the song and   Ursula casts a hypnotic enchantment on Eric to make him forget about Ariel.
The next day  Ariel finds out.
Eric will be married.
Scuttle discovers.
Vanessa is Ursula  and informs Ariel who immediately goes after the wedding barge.
Sebastian informs Triton.
Scuttle disrupts the wedding.
The nautilus shell around Ursula s neck is broken  restoring Ariel s voice and breaking Ursula s enchantment over Eric.
Realizing  Eric rushes to kiss her  but the sun sets.
Ariel is the girl who saved his life.
Ariel transforms back.
Ursula reveals herself and kidnaps Ariel.
Triton confronts Ursula and demands Ariel s release.
The deal is inviolable.
The king agrees to take Ariel s place as Ursula s prisoner.
Ariel is released.
Triton transforms and loses his authority over Atlantica.
Ursula declares herself the new ruler and a struggle ensues.
Which Ursula accidentally kills Flotsam and Jetsam.
Ursula uses the trident to grow to monstrous proportions.
Ariel and Eric reunite.
Before Ursula grows past and towers the two.
She then gains full control  creating a storm with a maelstrom and shipwrecks.
Of which Eric commandeers.
Eric runs Ursula  killing her.
Ursula attempts to destroy a trapped Ariel.
Ursula s power breaks  causing Triton and all the other polyps.
Realizing  Triton willingly changes her into a human.
Ariel truly loves Eric.
Ariel and Eric marry and depart.
<EOS>
Peter Pan visits London and becomes enthralled by the stories.
Wendy Darling tells.
Wendy asks to visit Never Land and Peter invites her to be the mother.
She asks to bring her brothers John and Michael.
Peter teaches them all to fly.
Tinker Bell tricks the Lost Boys into shooting Wendy  but Wendy survives.
She approaches the island.
The boys ask her to be their mother and tell them stories.
Two reveal to Peter  he breaks his friendship with her.
It was actually Tinkerbell who tricked them  and enraged.
Meanwhile  the Indian princess.
Tiger Lily captures John and Michael  just before Captain Hook comes through the forest looking for the boys.
Captain Hook captures Tiger Lily  John and Michael  and holds them.
All three are gagged and left hanging from a rock to drown.
The tide rises.
Peter and Hook engage.
Hook manages to gain the upper hand.
When he disarms Peter and captures him momentarily.
The crocodile appears  allowing Peter  Wendy and her brothers to escape.
When Hook is about to kill Peter.
Ate Hook s hand.
The Crocodile desperately tries to eat Hook.
He makes a narrow escape.
The Crocodile can swallow him alive.
That night  Peter shows Wendy the fairies home  Pixie Hollow  and share a romantic fairy dance.
He is distressed.
Hook spies.
Peter has found himself a Wendy.
Peter reminds Wendy.
They are just pretending to be a couple.
Wendy confronts Peter about love.
Peter becomes upset  and tells her to go home.
She s not happy.
Wendy  hurt  escapes.
Peter returns.
Seeing  he attempts to shut the window to prevent her return.
Wendy s mother is still waiting to come home.
But   Wendy s parents manage to reopen the window  refusing to let it be closed.
Hook later finds Wendy and has her carried.
There  he entices her  then sends a spy to follow her to the Lost Boys  underground lair.
The next day   Wendy admits.
She was asked to serve.
Later  the pirates kidnap the boys.
They are escorting the Darlings home  binding and gagging them as they leave the tree.
Wendy finds out  but is gagged.
She can cry out.
He leaves poison to drink.
Hook is unable to reach Peter.
When he wakes up.
Tink stops him  poisoning herself  Peter reaches out to children sleeping around the world  the Darlings  and even the pirates to sustain her with their belief in fairies.
Peter and Tink save Wendy and the boys.
They all fight.
Hook sprinkles himself  weakening him with taunts about Wendy abandoning him and eventually forgetting about him.
When she grows up.
Peter falls  unable with those thoughts and gives in to inevitable death.
But  Peter recovers and re-engages Hook.
Who loses his confidence and his altitude  and is swallowed by the crocodile  much to his enjoyment as he has finally eaten Hook and got the full taste of him.
Wendy decides.
She belongs back home  and returns with her brothers and the Lost Boys.
Peter  now  heads back home to Neverland.
An alternative is featured on the DVD  but with unfinished special effects and no music.
Peter returns to the London house 20 years later  finding Wendy as a grown mother.
He is deeply hurt.
When she tells him she has grown up  and walks over.
His sobbing awakes the little girl.
She introduces herself.
Peter grins excitedly.
Jane flies away with Peter to Neverland.
Wendy watches after them.
<EOS>
Harnam betrays a freedom fighter  and.
The freedom fighter is killed  leaving his wife  Ganga and family devastated and destitute.
Years later   the freedom fighter s son  Bharat  has grown up and goes to London for higher studies.
He meets his father s college friend  Sharma with his westernized wife  Rita and daughter  Preeti and the hippie son  Shankar.
Preeti has long blonde hair  wears mini-dresses  smokes and drinks and has no idea.
She meets Bharat.
He is   shocked to see.
Many Indians are ashamed of their roots and even changed their names to sound Western.
Or others.
Who  but stay in the UK for economic reasons.
Saigal records.
He takes it to try and change their way of thinking.
Both Bharat and Preeti fall with each other.
Later on   he promised to marry Preeti.
Preeti is impressed and wants to marry him  but does nt want to live in India.
Bharat wants her to come and see.
What it s like before she rejects it.
The purity of India redeems her.
She gives up smoking  drinking and minis to adopt the traditional lifestyle.
<EOS>
Nazi-occupied Bosnia and Herzegovina.
The Yugoslavian partisans have put up a staunch fight against the occupying Axis powers for a number of years.
They managed to recuperate in the harsh mountaneous region called Durmitor in northern Montenegro.
However  their rest was.
And domestic Axis powers begin an encirclement offensive  outnumbering them.
The Partisans have no choice.
To fight out  heading towards eastern Bosnia.
They finally clash on the plains of Sutjeska in southeastern Bosnia.
Various people are caught up.
Who lost all during the war.
The story and the scenes are drawn more and more into the colossal battle.
Both sides are forced.
The scenes are interlaced  from supreme commanders to ordinary soldiers.
The offensive finally ends.
The Partisans are not - they suffered devastating losses.
Still  they marched on.
<EOS>
Stanwyck plays Leona Stevenson  a spoiled  bedridden daughter.
The telephone is her sole connection.
One day   she eavesdrops.
Listening. 
Leona calls the phone company and police  only to be ignored.
Adding is the fact.
Her husband Henry is missing.
The terrorized Leona begins to piece together the mystery.
Her uneducated husband   turns out to be not all.
Who works.
He seems.
Finally   Leona realizes.
She is the intended victim.
<EOS>
Franco Arno a middle-aged blind man is walking down a street with his niece Lori.
When they pass.
Franco overhears.
Him mention blackmail.
Franco bends over  feigning tying his shoes and asks Lori to describe the man.
Lori does  but says.
She can not see the other man clearly.
They walk back nearby.
Franco works.
Lori sleeps.
When he hears a noise.
Outside  the unseen man gets out and knocks out a night watchman by the gate of a large medical complex.
Stands right next where Franco lives.
The unseen man uses a screwdriver to get  goes to Dr Calabresi s office  unlocks it and gets inside.
A doctor preparing to leave sees the nightwatchman unconscious and sees a dark figure running away.
The next day  the police arrive.
Carlo Giordani arrives and bumps and helps the blind man up.
Carlo introduces himself and says.
He s a reporter investigating the.
Carlo learns.
Nothing was stolen.
Professor Terzi tells the officers.
Since nothing is missing  he would rather not reveal the institutes research.
Dr Casoni suggests.
Pictures may have been taken.
Dr Braun says to let the cops handle the matter.
Meanwhile  Dr Calabresi  looks in his office and phones someone and agrees to meet with him.
Calabresi tells his fiancee Bianca Merusi.
He knows who broke and what was taken.
He does not wish to tell anyone yet  saying.
It could mean a big step forward.
The unseen man approaches Calabresi and pushes him.
A group are waiting for a celebrity starlet to arrive from an arriving train.
The train arrives.
The next day  Franco and Lori are.
She tells Franco.
The man is the same man she saw in the car the night before.
She describes the picture and says.
Carlo Giordani wrote the article.
The two go to see the reporter at the newspaper office.
Franco asks.
The picture has been cropped.
Carlo calls Righetto the paparazzi photographer.
Who snapped the picture.
He goes back and sees a moving hand-arm in the far left of the frame.
He is strangled with a cord.
Righetto prepares to print the photograph.
The unseen killer takes the photo and all the negatives and leaves.
Seconds before Carlo  Franco  and Lori arrive.
Carlo goes and finds the body.
Carlo sends Franco and Lori away and calls the police.
The investigating officer  Spimi  asks questions.
Later  Carlo looks at the people leaving the Terzi Institute and describes the doctors to Franco.
They leave who are Mombell  Esson  Casoni  and Braun  as well as Terzi and his daughter Anna.
Carlo goes.
He expresses his desire to talk.
Afterwards  Carlo speaks.
He evades her questions.
What he and her father spoke about.
The two drive away together.
Anna drives to evade a car with two detectives following them.
Meanwhile  Franco and Lori go to talk.
She says apologetically.
She could not find anything.
Franco asks Lori.
They leave.
What he kept hearing while they were talking.
Lori says.
It was a chain and locket and that Bianca was fidgeting with it.
Elsewhere  Carlo and Anna talk over drinks.
Where she tells them.
Carlo then goes to see Dr Braun.
He talks being after the institute s secret drug.
Braun does not seem vexed.
Bianca takes a taxi.
She finds a tiny note with an appointment time at the station written down.
She tapes the note.
Bianca then calls Franco and says.
She knows who killed Calabresi.
She will only tell him.
The unseen killer attacks and strangles her.
Bianca walks down the hallway.
The killer rummages  but does not find anything.
Franco shows Carlo a note.
He received in which the killer threatens the puzzle solver.
The journalist or more people will die.
Carlo talks.
Braun having received a lot.
Carlo goes to see Casoni and the doctor talks.
Carlo then asks Dr Mombell.
The doctor says  but their results are confidential.
Everyone was tested.
The unseen killer approaches Carlo s front door and injects two milk cartons  dropped off  with a syringe.
A little later  Carlo arrives home and brings the milk cartons inside.
Anna arrives shortly thereafter.
They talk about more.
Their talk leads.
They end up having sex.
Afterwards  Carlo pours himself and Anna a glass from one of the cartons and also may try to kill Carlo.
When Franco phones saying that someone tampered on his stove  flooding his apartment with methane gas.
Carlo notices the milk.
Had bled from the hypodermic needle holes and knocks the glass away from Anna.
She can drink it.
Carlo smells and tastes the milk and deduces.
It has been poisoned.
The following day  Carlo meets and informants  named Gigi the Loser  for help in investigating the Terzi.
May have been an inside job.
Carlo and Gigi break and discover.
Anna is adopted and that Terzi apparently adored the woman.
Carlo then goes and learns from Spimi.
Bianca often met and that the cops can not find the doctor.
Carlo then runs a story being a suspect in the break-in  and a former gay lover of Manuel approaches Carlo and tells him.
Where Braun is hiding.
Carlo goes over.
Where he is attacked.
Carlo wins the fight  and sees Braun lying dead.
But the police conclude.
Manuel had nothing to do and that he murdered Braun out of a jealous rage.
A few days later  Franco contacts Carlo.
Where he recalls Bianca s locket and suggests that the note that she found might still be there.
Franco and Carlo head and open Bianca s family crypt.
Carlo gets her coffin open.
Franco waits.
Carlo finds the locket and hands it.
Was buried  opens it  and discovers the note behind a metal plate.
Franco shuts the crypt door  locking Carlo.
Carlo closes the coffin.
Franco opens the door again and walks inside without his dark sunglasses with a bruise on his face.
A large blade protruding.
S speared.
Franco tells the reporter.
He was attacked.
But Franco tells him.
He managed to stab the killer.
Meanwhile  Lori is hit and put in the back of a car.
Franco and Carlo find the taxi and discover blood.
The unseen killer then calls Franco and tells him.
To stop investigating the break  and the murders.
Carlo goes.
They go.
Anna comes down the stairs.
Carlo tells her.
He knows about and expresses suspicion.
But Anna claims.
She only cut her hand and was nowhere near the cemetery which was just a few hours ago.
She is irate.
Carlo suspects her.
But  Carlo and the others leave.
Carlo and the police arrive the place for Lori.
Whom Carlo suspects that the killer is one.
They find nothing.
He finds blood.
Carlo walks.
He thinks back.
He just came.
He returns and sees blood dripping from the ceiling.
He climbs up and chases an unseen person.
Then the unseen person turns around.
It is Casoni.
Who hits him and kicks Carlo to the ground.
Casoni   goes.
A stab wound.
Where a gagged Lori is and prepares to stab her.
Carlo runs in and tackles the killer  but gets stabbed.
Just then the police arrive.
He gets caught.
Who stops him.
Franco asks.
Casoni tells Franco.
He killed her.
Enraged  Franco swings his cane.
Who tries to run.
He falls down an elevator shaft.
As Lori calls out.
<EOS>
Maxim de Winter meets the young and somewhat naive British companion.
Vacationing. 
Whose bout frees the girl - who  as in the original novel  is never identified by name - to spend time with the wealthy widower.
Max proposes and brings her to his Cornwall coast estate known as Manderley.
When Mrs Van Hopper announces plans to return.
There a large household staff is supervised.
Who was devoted.
The new Mrs de Winter feels overwhelmed.
Mrs Danvers does nothing to put her.
She finds a friend.
The young bride s discomfort is nt helped by the fact.
The memory has a strong hold on Mandereley and all of its inhabitants and visitors.
Lacking self-confidence  she commits one faux pas.
She is convinced Max is still deeply with his seemingly perfect first wife and regrets his impetuous decision to marry his second one.
She is also curious about a cottage and Ben  a dimwitted scavenger has said nothing and begs her not to commit him to the asylum  references.
Who constantly assures her he.
The girl does nt understand.
Max s sister Beatrice and brother-in-law Giles convince him to revive his custom.
Mrs Danvers suggests Mrs de Winter replicate a dress worn ancestor in a portrait hanging in the gallery.
The girl complies  unaware the same costume was worn to much acclaim shortly before her death the previous year.
He furiously demands she change.
When Max sees her descend the staircase just.
Mrs Danvers openly displays her contempt for the second Mrs de Winter by taking her on a tour of Rebecca s bedroom.
She has maintained.
Showing the young girl Rebecca s wardrobe and luxurious possessions  she tells her.
She will never be worthy.
She encourages her to commit suicide.
Her manipulations are interrupted from a ship.
Has run just off the coast.
Divers hired to investigate damage discover the remains of Rebecca s boat with a body in the locked cabin.
The body is identified by her jewelry and dress.
When it is raised.
It is discovered.
Holes had been drilled deliberately  causing it to sink.
Max confesses.
He strangled Rebecca when she taunted him with the news that she was pregnant and that the child was nt his.
He locked her body  sailed it offshore  drove holes into its planks  and then escaped in the dinghy.
He intentionally misidentified it.
When a body washed ashore up the coast.
He confesses.
He never loved Rebecca  revealing she was a vile woman who made a mockery by consorting with numerous men of low character in a flat she kept in London and the cottage she maintained on the beach specifically for her many trysts.
A subsequent inquest concludes.
Rebecca s cousin Jack Favell is unconvinced.
He has a note.
She died because she had something important to tell him.
Jack reveals and suspects  a fact uncovered  prompting him to kill her.
He was Rebecca s lover.
She was pregnant.
He attempts to blackmail Max.
Who refuses his demands.
A notation leads them to a doctor.
She visited.
He reveals.
Rebecca was riddled and had only months to live  thus supporting the verdict of suicide.
Max realizes.
She intentionally misled him.
Max and his wife discover.
The estate is.
Max races upstairs to rescue the woman.
He stumbles back down  Mrs Danvers  fate is unclear.
He manages to make it and retrieve Mrs Danvers.
Ten years later  we learn.
Max walks and is scarred slightly as a result of his heroic action.
Having lost Manderley and choosing not to rebuild it  Mr and Mrs de Winter now live a quiet life.
<EOS>
The film opens from the first film and his psychiatrist discussing and Brenda eight years ago.
When Papa Jupiter tried to kill him.
Bobby is still disturbed.
He and Rachel now own a biker team.
Bobby and Ruby have also invented a super fuel.
Can power bikes.
The team is due.
Where the original massacre took place.
Bobby s psychiatrist tries to convince him to go.
Bobby decides.
Rachel takes his place and the team consisting meet up at a bus and set off.
They pick up Beast  the dog from the first one.
Who now belongs.
Going  they get lost.
Harry suggests a shortcut.
The bus begins leaking petrol.
They drive.
However  the bus arrives.
Pluto   jumps Rachel.
They explore the mine.
Who survived his attack in the previous film.
She fends him.
He retreats.
No one believes her and steals one of their bikes.
Roy and Harry give chase  gets caught and is flattened by a massive rock.
Harry falls behind.
Roy catches  but is still alive.
Pluto but is ambushed and knocked out.
The Reaper is revealed to be Papa Jupiter s big brother later on.
Meanwhile  the rest stay at the mine until nightfall.
Which time they begin to get worried.
Rachel and Hulk depart to look.
The others stay put.
The Reaper then begins to stalk the remaining teens.
First Hulk   leaving Rachel to run around.
Who he shoots.
She briefly runs.
Beast surprises him and chases him away.
She then runs and is killed.
The Reaper then returns.
Where he pulls Foster and kills him with a hatchet.
Jane finds Foster s body.
The Reaper catches her and crushes her  Sue returned to the camp  leaving only Cass.
Only to be thrown by the Reaper and then getting her throat slit with a machete.
Meanwhile  Roy wakes up and runs at the top of a cliff.
Pluto gets ready to attack  killing him.
Roy but Beast returns and knocks him.
Cass runs and ends up in his mineshaft.
Where he dumped the bodies.
There she comes.
The grissly remains.
She throws a jar at his face and escapes up a rope with help from Roy.
The Reaper follows them.
They trap him.
Where all the bike fuel is.
They set it.
It blows up.
The Reaper escapes all over his body and tries one more time to kill them but stumbles down into an open mineshaft  leading to his death.
Roy  Cass  and Beast walk away into the vast desert and follow the road home.
<EOS>
Doctor Emmett Brown arrives from the future and tells Marty McFly and girlfriend  Jennifer Parker  he needs help to save their future children from getting into serious trouble.
Biff Tannen accidentally witnesses their departure.
They depart.
They arrive.
Where Doc electronically hypnotizes Jennifer and leaves her incapacitated.
Meanwhile  Doc has Marty pose.
Marty s future son  to refuse an offer.
Marty successfully switches places and refuses Griff s offer.
Griff goads Marty.
Only ends.
Marty purchases Gray s Sports Almanac  a book detailing the results of major sporting events for the second half of the 20th century.
Doc discovers the purchase and warns him.
They are forced to follow the police.
Doc can adequately dispose.
Who have found Jennifer incapacitated and are taking her.
Old Biff  overhearing the conversation and recalling the DeLorean  follows with the discarded book in a taxi.
Jennifer wakes up.
The McFly family has dinner together.
She overhears.
Marty s life  as well as their life together  is not what they had expected.
Jennifer witnesses the Marty being goaded into a shady business deal by his friend  Needles  causing their supervisor to fire Marty from his job.
Announced. 
Jennifer meets her older self and they both faint.
Escaping the house.
Biff uses the DeLorean to travel back  gives his teenage self the sports almanac  then returns to.
Marty and Doc run to retrieve the younger Jennifer.
Marty  Doc  and an unconscious Jennifer return  unaware of Old Biff s previous actions  and Jennifer is left on the porch at her home.
Marty and Doc soon discover.
The 1985 to which they returned has changed dramatically.
Biff has become wealthy and corrupted  and changed Hill Valley.
Marty s father  George  was murdered.
Biff has forced his mother  Lorraine  to marry him instead.
Doc has been committed.
Dave  Linda and Marty are away.
Doc finds evidence to the past in the DeLorean and tells Marty.
He needs to learn when the younger Biff received the almanac so they can correct the time line.
Marty decides to confront Biff.
Biff explains.
He received the book.
He was also told to eliminate anyone.
Who questioned him to change the past so Biff attempts to kill Marty during which time he reveals that he killed George  and allowed Hill Valley to be taken over by crime to prevent being caught.
However  Marty escapes and  with the new information  returns to.
Marty works undercover to trail the Biff.
Marty is present.
When the Biff arrives to give the Biff of 1955 the almanac.
Marty is unable to retrieve it.
Marty is forced   to try to get the book back during the Enchantment Under the Sea Dance  being careful to avoid undoing the events.
He had already corrected.
Eventually  Biff leaves the dance.
Doc and Marty follow him silently.
Marty takes the almanac from Biff.
Who crashes his car as Doc and Marty fly away in the DeLorean.
Marty burns the almanac and restores the previous timeline.
However  the DeLorean is struck and disappears.
A courier arrives minutes later and gives Marty a seventy-year-old letter.
It is.
Who became trapped after the lightning strike made the DeLorean go back to January 1 .
Marty races back and finds the Doc of.
Who had just sent the original Marty back at the courthouse.
Doc is shocked and faints.
<EOS>
His grandmother notes.
When Khan Kluay is born.
His back is strong and has thick skin and that his true strength lies within  and names him Khan Kluay.
Khan Kluay is taunted by the other elephants.
He is fatherless.
Naturally  Khan Kluay is curious.
He s told.
His father is a war elephant.
He wants to find his father.
He wanders off to begin his search.
He was still a young elephant.
He is soon captured.
The young elephant is befriended by a Siamese boy prince  Naresuan.
Who has been ransomed.
Naresuan has the ability to calm Khan Kluay.
Khan Kluay makes his escape.
Weakened  Khan Kluay then comes.
Where humans and elephants are working together.
He is befriended and is then chained up.
He is healed.
Khan Kluay soon learns to value the humans.
Who have captured him.
He becomes bigger and stronger.
A local warlord comes around annually to collect taxes.
His taxes have become greedier and heavier each year.
The village rebels.
The warlord and his beasts are defeated.
Naresuan  now  has called for elephants.
Khan Kluay is taken.
There  he is seen.
Who calls out.
He goes wild.
Naresuan notices this  and remembers.
He is Khan Kluay.
The king is able to calm Khan Kluay.
On  he serves as Naresuan s war elephant.
Khan Kluay confronts Nguangdaeng  a giant Burmese war elephant with fiery eyes.
Who was responsible.
He gets a chance to acquit himself.
Finally  Khan Kluay avenges by killing Nguangdaeng.
He is released to spend the rest of his life with his loved ones until the Burmese return.
<EOS>
Unknown Pleasures follows three disaffected  aimless young people throughout.
Nineteen-year old Bin Bin lives in a small apartment near Datong s textile mill.
Bin Bin s best friend  the reckless Xiao Ji  lives  and spends his time riding his motorbike around the city.
The two friends eventually meet Qiao Qiao  a young singer and dancer working.
Xiao Ji immediately becomes enamored.
Gets him.
The three characters seem to follow an aimless lifestyle.
Unemployed  Bin Bin meets.
Xiao Ji seems to do nothing at all aside.
The characters are briefly pushed.
When an explosion rocks part.
Qiao Qiao  desperate to get her injured father  has Xiao Ji rush to the bank.
Order to withdraw ¥.
She takes Xiao Ji and Bin Bin first to lunch   and then to a discotheque.
Where Xiao Ji references watching Quentin Tarantino s Pulp Fiction.
Xiao Ji is led away.
Dancing. 
Who humiliate and beat him.
Enraged  Xiao Ji tries to avenge himself but is stopped.
Who tells him that Qiao San keeps a gun.
Undeterred  Xiao Ji continues to pursue Qiao Qiao.
Who is eventually abandoned.
Qiao Qiao tries to explain the philosophy of Zhuangzi.
When the two young people end up.
Who   philosophized that we should do what feels good.
Soon afterward  it is learned.
Qiao San has died.
The film implies.
Qiao Qiao nevertheless leaves Xiao Ji and is last seen wearing a blue wig.
Bin Bin  meanwhile   tries to join the PLA  but is rejected.
When it is discovered that he suffers.
Shattered  he borrows ¥.
Bin Bin uses the money to purchase a cell phone.
He refuses  and notes.
When she tries to get close.
That there is no future anymore.
Bin Bin and Xiao Ji decide to rob a bank.
They have seen so often.
Attaching a fake bomb  Xiao Ji drives Bin Bin to a China Construction Bank.
Where the latter is immediately arrested.
Fleeing  Xiao Ji drives his motorbike down the highway.
He hitches a ride.
Bin Bin is left.
Where an officer informs him that robbery is a capital crime.
The film ends.
The police officer forces Bin Bin to stand and sing.
Bin Bin chooses to sing Ren Xiao Yao  a pop song.
<EOS>
Papa Smurf sees a vision of Clumsy Smurf reaching for a dragon wand and the Smurfs in cages.
The Smurfs get ready.
Gargamel laughs.
Not wanting this vision to come true  Papa Smurf refuses to allow Clumsy to pick Smurf Roots.
Clumsy disobeys Papa Smurf and ends up unintentionally leading Gargamel and Azrael.
The Smurfs all flee  with Papa Smurf  Smurfette  Grouchy  Brainy and Gutsy running after him.
Clumsy unknowingly runs.
They find him.
They are sucked.
Trying to help him up.
Spirits them.
To make matters worse  Gargamel and Azrael follow.
The Smurfs end up.
The Winslows befriend them and allow them to stay in their apartment.
The next day  needing to find a star gazer  the Smurfs follow Patrick at Anjelou Cosmetics  misunderstanding the previous explanation of his job as.
He calls Grace to pick them up.
However  having extracted Smurf essence  Gargamel also arrives and ends up being treated by Patrick s boss Odile upon using most of his acquired magic to turn her mother young.
But Gargamel resumes his search.
Where the Smurfs ran.
The Winslows manage to save the Smurfs.
Who ends up being sent.
He manages to bust out.
Papa Smurf manages to calculate the night he.
The others can get home.
But first  he must figure out the spell to do so.
Patrick tells them.
There is an old book store after sending what he believed to be his finished advertisement to be published.
However  the next day  Patrick learns.
Clumsy accidentally attached a blue-moon themed side project.
He loses his temper.
Forced to search  the Smurfs find the store and find the book LHistoire des Schtroumpfs by researcher Peyo  containing the spell to turn the moon blue.
But learning  Gargamel sneaks into the book store and finds.
A dragon wand  transferring his magic as he uses it to capture Papa Smurf as he sends the others to safety.
Clumsy and Patrick  having seen the error  convince them to plan a rescue.
The Smurfs promised Papa Smurf that they wo nt try to save him and return home.
After increasing the dragon wand s power with bits of Papa Smurf s beard  Gargamel finds himself facing all the Smurfs  summoned to New York by Brainy conjuring the blue moon.
Smurfette fights Azrael and saves Papa Smurf.
The Smurf army battles Gargamel.
They join the fray.
Patrick saves him.
Gargamel attempts to break the Smurfs.
Gutsy knocks the dragon wand out.
He drops it.
Clumsy tries to catch it  and to Papa Smurf s surprise  manages to catch it and sends Gargamel flying and being hit by a bus with the advertisement Blue Moon with it.
Papa Smurf breaks it.
The Smurfs take their leave.
Patrick receives a call that he still has his job because he finally gave her what she wants.
Later  Patrick and Grace have a baby boy.
Whom they name Blue to honor the Smurfs  who rebuild their village  where the Winslows reside.
<EOS>
Powell and Garvas infiltrate an ICBM complex and gain launch control over its nine nuclear missiles.
They then make direct contact and demand both ten million dollars ransom and  more importantly  and make public the contents of a top-secret document.
The President go.
The document   contains conclusive proof.
Is unknown.
The US government knew there was no realistic hope but continued fighting it for the sole purpose of demonstrating to the Soviet Union their unwavering commitment to defeating communism.
They also authorize the military to send an elite team led to penetrate the ICBM complex and incinerate its command center with a low-yield tactical nuclear device.
The President and his Cabinet debate the practical  personal  and ethical aspects.
The hostage-takers respond.
When this attempt is discovered.
They agree to call off the attempt.
The military and President Stevens watch the underground missile silo launch covers begin to open.
The launch is aborted.
Eventually the President agrees to meet the demands.
Include allowing himself to be taken hostage and used while Dell and his team make their escape from the complex.
He asks the Secretary to release the document.
The president leaves the White House.
He be killed.
US Air Force snipers kill the general.
Also shoot the President.
Who asks the Secretary of Defense.
He will release the document.
The Secretary can not bring himself to answer.
<EOS>
Govindan is a thief.
Who has two children  Aadhi and Mathi.
Years go.
The two  Aadhi and Madhi  decide to stop stealing and mend their ways and lead a hardworking life along.
They migrate and meet a retired agricultural officer  Chidambaram under pressure from the village s landlord  Kalingarayar to clear his debts.
Who is and is.
Mathi confronts Seetha Lakshmi  Kalingarayar s daughter.
Who comes to collect the money Chidambaram owes her father.
Seetha Lakshmi starts to acquire a liking but keeps it hidden due to her father s atrocious temper.
Mathi forcibly ties the mangalsutram around Seetha s neck.
Kalingarayar  realizing his daughter s love  comes down to arrange a grand re-marriage between the two.
But things go awry.
When Manicka Vel  Seetha Lakshmi s maternal uncle  comes.
<EOS>
The eldest daughter returns home from Tokyo pregnant after an affair with a college student Kobata.
Causes a scandal that will threaten the marriage prospects.
The ill-tempered eldest brother Inokichi  decides to take  with harrowing results.
<EOS>
Shemp has been ill.
The Stooges  friend Claude  gives Moe and Larry some specific instructions.
To cure the toothache  which   they misinterpret every which way possible.
Claude suggests they take Shemp on a camping trip for a little.
Claude offers to sell them a car.
The Stooges do not own a car.
Turns out to be a lemon.
The trio run.
Lands Moe s foot.
Shemp realizes.
All is said and done.
He feels better.
<EOS>
The film is set in the 19th century.
He or she must travel to a remote mountain to die of starvation  a practice known as ubasute.
A person reaches the age.
The story concerns Orin   but notes  so she resolves to avoid clinging beyond her term.
Who is 69 and.
A neighbor had to drag his father.
She spends a year arranging all the affairs  she severely punishes a family  and helps her younger son.
Who are hoarding food.
Lose his virginity.
The film has some harsh scenes.
That show how brutal the conditions could be.
Interspersed are brief vignettes of nature - birds  snakes  and other animals hunting  watching  singing  copulating or giving birth.
<EOS>
The story begins.
When Puttaswamy  a truck driver  arrives.
Puttaswamy discovers a little boy Kittu.
Kittu is.
Who left him.
The next scene involves a call-girl trying to approach Puttaswamy.
He declines her invitation and says.
He has stopped indulging these days.
Meanwhile  she gets troubled.
Who demands money.
He gets.
When Puttaswamy tries to stop the thug.
Thrashed. 
Suddenly a cop arrives and harasses Puttaswamy for the happenings.
Kittu saves him.
Puttaswamy is his dad.
Later  he takes the boy.
He discovers  and learns.
The lady is not Kittu s mother.
Kittu s mother has been admitted.
Immediately he rushes.
It turns out the mother and does nt want to face her son.
Is dying.
Kittu refuses to go back home and school.
He was dismissed.
Puttaswamy takes the boy and promises  But he finds.
He will take back the boy.
The school will not admit him back because the boy has contracted HIV.
The Headmistress tells.
Some ignorant parents fear it may spread.
She promises.
She will try to take him back.
The school administrators organize an awareness program and educate parents.
Puttaswamy campaigns takes the boy back.
The story ends.
When Kittu gets.
<EOS>
Srinivasan escapes a ride on a truck to meet his love Thulasi.
He reveals his flashback  telling him of the disputes between his ambitious father and himself.
Srinivasan is left.
When the parents leave home.
Soon  he meets the maid s daughter  Thulasi  his childhood playmate.
They fall.
His father objects love with the servant s daughter.
Expected. 
One day  Srinivasan and his friends land up for crashing their car on a police vehicle.
Srinivasan locks horns.
He sustains a serious head injury subsequently killing him.
When he pushes him.
Eventually Srinivasan gets convicted.
His mother dies  Thulasi s family goes bankrupt and leaves.
A dejected Srinivasan escapes to meet Thulasi.
Forms the rest.
Whether the two join together.
<EOS>
Mitch  an obsessive collector and aspiring comic book artist ravenously snaps up rare horror.
VHS s to sell in order to jump-start his career.
The unlikely anti-hero undergoes physical hero training ordered.
Meanwhile  his female counterpart  Jessica  tries desperately to escape the Nightmare Circuit  a dreamlike.
Struggling to remember her past.
Obsessed  Randy stops at nothing to get the upper hand on Mitch.
His training is put.
When Mitch discovers IL Bruto  the rarest horror film.
A supernatural rival  TV Face  appears.
Aided and sabotaged by Randy  Mitch struggles to get Il Bruto back from the dangerous Delilah.
Trap TV Face.
Mitch attempts to unravel the mystery surrounding IL Bruto  before facing losing everything.
He holds dear.
<EOS>
A group  led by Strawberry Alice  offers.
A $ 1000 reward can kill Quick Mike and Davey-Boy Bunting  two cowboys who disfigured Delilah Fitzgerald  one of their own.
This upsets the local sheriff  Little Bill Daggett  a former gunfighter and now an obsessive keeper.
Who does not allow guns or criminals.
Little Bill had given the two men leniency.
The Schofield Kid  a boastful young man  visits the pig farm of William Munny  seeking to recruit him to kill the cowboys.
Munny was a bandit.
Who was notorious.
He is now a repentant widower raising two children and has sworn.
His farm is failing  putting his children s future.
Munny initially refuses to help.
Munny reconsiders a few days later and sets off to catch up.
Munny recruits Ned Logan  another retired gunfighter.
Who reluctantly leaves his wife to go along.
Gunfighter English Bob and his biographer  W.
W.
Beauchamp  arrive  also seeking the reward.
Little Bill and his deputies disarm Bob.
Bill beats him savagely  hoping to set an example.
The next morning Bob is ejected.
Beauchamp decides to stay and write.
Who has impressed him.
Munny  Logan and the Kid arrive later and go to the saloon/whorehouse to discover the cowboys  location.
Munny has a bad fever  and is sitting alone in the saloon.
When Little Bill and his deputies arrive to confront him.
Little Bill has no idea.
Who Munny is.
He beats him brutally and kicks him out onto the street.
Logan and the Kid  upstairs getting advances from the prostitutes  escape out a back window.
The three regroup.
Where they nurse Munny back.
Three days later  they ambush a group.
It becomes apparent that Logan and Munny no longer have much stomach.
Logan decides to return home.
Munny and the Kid head  where the Kid ambushes Quick Mike in an outhouse and kills him.
A very distraught Kid confesses  and renounces the gunfighter lifestyle.
They escape.
He had never killed anyone before.
They learn.
When Little Sue meets the two men to give them the reward.
Logan was captured and tortured to death  but not before giving up the identities of his two accomplices.
The Kid heads back to deliver the reward money to Munny and Logan s families.
Munny drinks half a bottle and heads into town to take revenge on Bill.
That night  Logan s corpse is displayed.
Little Bill has assembled a posse to pursue Munny and the Kid.
Munny walks and promptly kills Skinny Dubois  the saloon owner and pimp.
A gunfight ensues  leaving Bill wounded and several of his deputies dead.
Munny orders everyone out.
Bill curses Munny finishes him with a final gunshot.
Munny then threatens the townsfolk.
He will return if Logan is not buried properly or if any prostitutes are further harmed.
The final scene is a bookend shot.
The epilogue text reads.
Follows. 
Munny and his family were rumored to have moved and prospered in dry goods.
<EOS>
Financial publisher Chris Thorne meets Diane Lightson and agrees to escort her.
Hosting a party.
Brazillionaire brother and sister and invite themselves along.
Fausto and Renalda meet up.
Chris takes a supposed scenic detour off of the New Jersey Turnpike  ultimately ending up in the run-down village of Valkenvania.
Failing to comply and subsequently attempting to escape pursuing officer Dennis Valkenheiser  the group is captured and taken before 106-year-old Reeve Alvin Valkenheiser.
Who confiscates their identification cards.
The reeve holds the offenders.
They attempt an escape.
The group splits up.
The two Brazillionaires escape.
Who decides to quit his job.
Chris and Diane  still trapped within the house  are in high risk of being shot by Dennis  trigger-happy cousin  Miss Purdah.
The reeve is angered and imprisons Chris and Diane in a room.
Which the pair eventually escapes and   become separated.
Diane makes it out  here  she meets two troll-like creatures by the names of Bobo and Lil  Debbull  the judge s severely deformed grandchildren.
Earning the creatures  trust  Diane catches glimpses.
Meanwhile  Chris sneaks but is quickly caught.
Valkenheiser punishes him.
Decrees that Chris must marry Eldona.
Chris pleads from another set of the reeve s victims  the alternative rap group Digital Underground.
The reeve releases them.
The group s members are being held.
The judge and his household have a long-standing grudge.
The judge s invariable punishment  is to be fed via roller coaster into a death machine called Mr Bonestripper  and have one s remains shot out onto a large charnel heap.
The machine breaks down the instant.
Chris is fed.
He escapes.
The two jump on a train back to New York.
The reeve s courthouse is raided.
The two report their plight.
Chris and Diane are asked to accompany the officers  only to find out.
The officers involved are fully aware with the reeve.
The couple only escapes.
When the area s underground coal fires cause a collapse  destroying the town.
The Brazillionaires are shown to have made their way back  Dennis is now their personal head of security and Renalda s lover.
Chris and Diane are shown relaxing.
Chris s relief does not last  however.
He stumbles.
<EOS>
She does not know  and asks Jeong-Su to help her care.
When Sun-A becomes pregnant.
Who is the father.
She later finds out.
Seok-Ku is the father and abandons the child.
Sun-A and Seok-Ku decide to start a new life.
<EOS>
Sudama Pandey is a notorious criminal.
Who runs a global operation.
He operates out and is assisted by his 2 partners in crime.
Be it a honeymoon bedroom  changing rooms  girls hostels  none miss the third eye.
The eye.
One such girl is Sapna.
Who gets trapped.
She is a lovely girl.
Who had dreams and wanted to make it big in her career.
She was happy to have found love through her fiance.
But her life was to be.
She is murdered.
A lovely personality came.
The murder is witnessed.
Luck would have it.
Who tries to rescue Sapna.
Her effort goes.
Ammu is terrorized.
But this was not an end.
Now she is being chased.
Meanwhile her sister Aarti and her partner Rahul too are.
She has gone missing.
Soon enters the scene Sapnaa fiance Arjun Singh.
Who turns out to be none other.
C.
P.
He had been on lookout for Sudama.
Leads him.
And he has only one clue - Ammu.
Could take him.
He makes all possible attempts to find her but reaches a dead end.
He ca nt find Ammu.
He does nt have anyone else.
He has to do everything all alone.
The war is ON  and now the world would see the good win.
Arjun just does nt have to fight criminals  he also has to fight technology.
<EOS>
Porter s life flashes.
He is about to die.
Him staged by the archangel Gabriel in the Indiana theater where the composer first performed on stage.
Linda is aware of Cole s gay feelings  but her love for.
Devotion are strong enough.
Her to overlook his romantic flings.
She can no longer ignore the innuendos in his songs.
Their relationship grows strained.
Cole is photographed embrace with another man in the rest room of a gay nightclub.
Both he and Linda are blackmailed.
She finally goes  leaving him bereft.
When he shrugs off the blackmail.
Not until he is injured.
Seriously cripples him does she return  willing to forgive.
Eventually she is diagnosed.
She attempts to forge a relationship.
She prepares herself and her husband.
He ll have a companion.
The eventual amputation adds to his deep depression  affecting his creative output.
Porter becomes increasingly reclusive  as well as becoming more dependent.
<EOS>
Vicky Kapoor  the only son  grows up to be an alcoholic  a spolit brat albeit with a good heart.
Amarnath has detached himself completely  and provides him money in lieu of affection and care  leaving this to be taken care of by Munshi Phoolchand.
Vicky is very resentful  and leaves no stone unturned to mock and belittle him at every available opportunity.
Amarnath hopes to get his son married.
Vicky loves Meena  the daughter.
Is not acceptable.
One day  Amarnath decides.
He has had enough and decides to turn Vicky out.
He has him sign waivers  and asks him to get out.
Vicky happily does.
The question remains that at making a living .
Vicky is relieved.
Is Vicky to survive.
<EOS>
The film starts.
She will back home.
She is approached.
She leaves the telephone booth.
Who starts a conversation.
The screen then cuts.
We find out.
Rani does not come home.
The following morning Arokyaraj finds a finger hanging.
Police reports confirm.
It is his daughter Rani s finger.
He calls Raghavan  his old friend.
Raghavan handles the case.
They eventually find the body in a forest in the city outskirts.
The doctor s report states.
Rani s body was bisected with a surgical knife  proving that the murderer has a strong medical background.
Arokyaraj and his wife move to New York.
Raghavan finds out.
Mr & Mrs Arokyaraj have been murdered.
This creates a link.
Raghavan leaves to represent the Indian police.
He thinks about his dead wife Kayalvizhi.
Who was murdered because he stood in their way.
Raghavan still can not forgive himself.
He reaches New York and starts his investigation.
Raghavan stays.
Where he constantly keeps his superiors.
Staying next is Aradhana.
He immediately notices.
She is going.
One night  he gets suspicious.
What she is up and breaks.
Raghavan saves her life and the two strike a friendship.
Aradhana reveals.
Her violent husband is filing after cheating on her.
Raghavan and Anderson start the investigation.
They find.
A connection was found hung in her boyfriend s car.
They find the body of Chandana and three more American girls.
They suspect two Indian medical students studying.
Raghavan and Anderson try to get.
Where Amudhan shoots Anderson.
Amudhan tells Raghavan.
He misbehaved with Rani and Rani told that.
Arokyaraj had kept him and tortured him and so he wanted to kill her whole family.
Then they both escape.
Raghavan is admitted.
Aradhana takes care.
Raghavan and Aradhana return.
There Raghavan tells Aradhana  but she is not ready.
He has fallen with her.
She has to take care.
The rest goes with.
They kill Amudhan and Illamaran  who have evaded mumbai police.
Ragavan announces.
They r wanted.
They enter chennai and see aradhana with raghavan.
Ilamaran wants aradhana  no matter what.
Amudhan kidnaps her that same night.
Ilamaran tries to get.
He is chased and caught.
Raghavan kills both.
Aradhana accepts his love.
They both marry and decide to have Maya.
<EOS>
The film depicts several prominent figures  engaging in activities such as MCing  turntablism  graffiti and.
<EOS>
Parker Ballantine is a theatrical critic  busily praising or disparaging the shows.
His wife Angela is feeling useless and restless  so she writes a play.
Angela does nt believe Parker should review her work.
He will look prejudiced if he does so favorably.
It will hurt her feelings.
He knocks it.
Parker has read it and is nt impressed.
A major producer  however  decides to back it.
Handsome Dion Kapakos directs the play and tries to strike up a romantic interest.
Angela continues to resist.
She s getting more fed up by the hour.
The conflicted Parker goes to see his ex-wife  Ivy  and gets a little tipsy.
He decides to go  then writes a negative review.
The trouble gets worse.
When he gets home.
<EOS>
The three films follow the same basic plot.
Where a senior police detective is attached to elucidate the murder.
He pledges to find her killer.
The detective hopes while talking with the mother of the murdered girl.
So   he embarks upon buying a gasoline shop in the remote area  and uses a little girl as bait to attract the killer.
Where he hopes to find the criminal.
His trap is ultimately successful.
<EOS>
Helen Chernen is an ambitious woman  determined.
She pushes her younger sister Katie.
Katie has no interest  but is desperate to leave the poor conditions she.
Her sister live in.
Runkel s partner Paul Collins sees.
What Helen s real intentions are and tries to stop her.
Now living  Helen tries to make a start of Katie s career.
She is able to put her.
Katie soon becomes a successful singer and actress.
Collins and Runkel s act flounders.
Runkel ca nt bear the idea having more success than himself.
Also annoyed  he eventually kills himself.
Meanwhile  Katie s popularity rises.
She becomes a wild party girl.
Her behavior eventually costs her her career.
They later meet up.
Who is now a successful band leader.
He falls with Katie.
They start a relationship.
However  things get complicated.
When Helen reveals she is as well.
<EOS>
Mrs Malhotra is the mother.
Who were separated.
She only has one son.
Mrs Malhotra goes and then uses a wheelchair.
She resides in the US.
Quiet and mature Prem  one  and his dad return to India together with Mrs Malhotra to get Prem married.
Prem s future fiance is the outgoing and percocious Mala.
Who is the daughter.
There Prem meets very outgoing and precocious Raja   but is exactly the opposite in nature.
Who looks.
A series result as a result of the twins getting together.
Prem loves quiet and mature Roopa.
Both the girls are confused.
They perceive.
To make matters worse  Tiger Ratanlal has sworn vengeance.
What they did.
<EOS>
A farmer and a weaver exchange their products.
A woman arrives  forcing the two men s desires but also urging them to obtain more recompense.
The two men become.
More acquisitive and jealousies break out.
The trader s men attack and enslave the workers again.
The two men fight each other.
<EOS>
The movie begins.
His colleagues show up to give him an impromptu farewell party  Harry  a biologist  Edith  an art history professor and devout Christian  Dan  an anthropologist  Sandy  a historian.
Who is.
John slowly  and somewhat reluctantly  reveals.
John s colleagues continue to pressure him.
He is a prehistoric caveman who has survived.
He begins his story.
He eventually stops speaking and begins answering questions from a first-person perspective.
His colleagues refuse to believe his story.
John continues his tale  stating.
He was once a Sumerian a disciple of Gautama Buddha.
He claims to have known Christopher Columbus  Van Gogh  and other famous historical figures.
John s colleagues question his story according to their specialties.
Harry  the biologist  discusses the possibility of a human living for so long.
Art  the archaeologist  questions John  he exclaims.
John s answers  though correct  could have come  as he can only put his memories together with modern science after he learnt the new ideas with the rest of humanity.
The discussion turns.
John mentions   he does not discount the possibility s existence.
He is not a follower.
He does not necessarily believe.
John then reluctantly reveals.
The one called Jesus.
Emotions in the room run high.
Edith begins crying.
Gruber sternly demands.
John end his tale and give closure.
John apologizes and tells them.
It was all just a story.
John s friends begin to leave.
John apologizes.
Art and Linda depart.
His words hint.
When it is Dan s turn to say goodbye.
He believes John s story.
Dr Gruber overhears John and Sandy s conversation.
Everyone has left.
Suggests that the story was true.
John mentions.
Some pseudonyms he had used over the years  such as John Paley and John Savage.
He also mentions another pseudonym  used ago while a chemistry professor at Harvard  John Thomas Partee.
This was the name   Gruber  shocked and over-excited at the sight of his ageless father  suffers a heart attack and dies.
Hearing this.
Sandy notes.
Gruber s body is taken away.
John seems especially struck.
John promises to come back.
Sandy realizes.
It is the first time he has seen one die.
John wordlessly gets and drives away.
Though to leave forever.
Then he stops and looks.
The movie ends.
<EOS>
This tale depicts the relationship at a restaurant.
Faces can disappear.
Where hands and bellies are.
What happens when lots has been consumed.
<EOS>
Cooky Bradford wants to make enough money to buy a lunch wagon.
He ends up falling  and fighting for  boxing manager Pop Baldwin s daughter  Honey.
<EOS>
The film cuts.
The film builds.
The two stories are linked.
Jacqueline  Laurent  and Vero are killed.
<EOS>
An old couple  Mohan Joshi and his wife decides to sue their landlord.
They hire two cunning lawyers.
Rohini Hattangadi is the opposition lawyer.
The court case drags milk the old couple dry.
They become rich.
Back home  the old couple is ridiculed for fighting the landlord.
They fight on nevertheless.
When the judge comes to check the condition.
All is well.
Finally  Joshi gathers all his strength and pulls down the temporary supports put up causing the building to collapse on himself.
Mohan Joshi Hazir Ho.
<EOS>
Boo-Boo Bear wakes up.
Then Yogi Bear wakes up  his only interest finding some food to eat.
Cindy Bear unsuccessfully tries to woo Yogi.
Yogi gets angry and convinces Ranger to transfer him out.
Ranger Smith thwarts Yogi s latest attempts to grab some food.
Smith prepares Yogi to be sent over along with an identification tag.
Yogi first says goodbye  but tricks.
Boo-Boo and Cindy remain unaware departed for good.
Soon Yogi is stealing food under the alter ego The Brown Phantom.
Smith believes its another bear.
He threatens.
Whoever it is to be sent.
Cindy wishing to be at the zoo  angers Smith into mistakenly sending her away.
She gets sent.
Louis Zoo instead  bears.
The San Diego Zoo do nt need anymore.
She gets very upset.
When she realises her true destination.
Late that night  Cindy falls out and becomes lost.
A travelling circus is looking to raise their ratings.
When suddenly  their dog runs off and scares Cindy.
Yogi has recently missed Boo-Boo and above all Cindy.
Yogi goes and hears about her disappearance.
Soon Yogi and Boo-Boo escape to find Cindy.
Meanwhile Ranger Smith decides to let them find their way home.
Yogi and Boo-Boo locate Cindy.
Who is being kept a prisoner.
He is made to join the circus too.
Yogi confronts the manager.
Boo-Boo releases Yogi and Cindy.
They make their exit.
They find themselves being chased and hunted  but make their escape.
They are make their way home.
They hitch a ride  but find themselves and make a run from the police to the top of a hotel and across to a high rise.
The next morning Ranger Smith sees the three bears and decides to pick them up in a helicopter.
All the commotions has made a great publicity.
Ranger Smith gets promoted.
<EOS>
Set  the film follows the experiences of Tom Birkin.
Who has been employed to carry out restoration work on a Medieval mural discovered in a church in the small rural community of Oxgodby  Yorkshire.
The escape is cathartic for Birkin  haunted by his experiences in World War I.
Birkin soon fits uncovering and tics.
The painting begins to lose his trauma-induced stammer.
He forms a close friendship with archaeologist James Moon  another veteran.
Who has been emotionally scarred by the war.
Moon is employed  but is more interested in discovering the remains of an earlier Saxon church building in the field next to the churchyard.
Birkin becomes accepted the station master   the hospitality of the chapel congregation is contrasted against the established church.
Whom he dines.
Who have consigned the penniless Birkin to sleep.
Mr Ellerbeck s children eventually persuade Birkin to preach a sermon.
Birkin also forms an emotional  albeit unspoken  attachment.
The vicar himself is portrayed unsympathetically to the work in the church  viewing the medieval painting as symptomatic of the superstition prevalent in the community.
<EOS>
Going to a writer  and then to a film director  is the career path.
Which we find Leo Harrigan.
But Leo has problems as well.
Who chooses to grab his attentions.
<EOS>
A gang boss orders the execution.
Who witnessed a murder.
He falls with her and protects her.
When the boss  henchman discovers the prostitute is actually blind.
The prostitute regains her sight just to see the death of her boyfriend.
She secretly masturbates.
Weisser  p.
.
<EOS>
Two teenage best friends  Hailey Rogers and Claire Brown  regret.
They will be separated  since Hailey has to move to Australia because of her mother s job.
One night   Hailey wishes for a miracle.
That will make her mother change her mind  and so they find a mermaid named Aquamarine in the swimming pool of their beach club.
The girls are frightened  but then curious.
They start to talk and promise her they will be back in the morning.
The next morning  Claire wakes up and hears a strange commotion down.
Where they left Aquamarine.
Claire s grandparents Bob and Maggie were clearing the pool.
Both Claire and Hailey quickly rush down to save Aquamarine.
Everything has been cleared.
When they reach the pool.
They hear noises and find a nude Aquamarine.
The only difference is.
She has legs.
Aquamarine tells them she can assume human form during the day.
She does not get wet.
Claire and Hailey become friends.
Who tells them that she came to land to find love  an idea she knows nothing about  but desires desperately.
She tells them.
She made a deal that if she can prove love is not a myth  she will not have to undergo an arranged marriage to a spoiled merman.
She only has three days.
To do it.
She notices a handsome lifeguard named Raymond   and enlists the help to win his heart in return for granting their wish.
Whom Claire and Hailey have admired.
The girls see their opportunity to keep Hailey and quickly work on prepping Aquamarine on the how-tos of attracting a man.
These self-educated relationship experts  having gained all their knowledge and often quote them  soon realize.
It s a lot easier said than done.
Claire and Hailey s rival - a spoiled  rich girl named Cecilia - tries her best to stop them  but ultimately fails  causing her father to cut off her driving privileges.
Also prominent is.
Then Aqua grants him a wish  he now has a lovely relationship.
Eventually  it is not Raymond  but Claire and Hailey.
Convinces Aquamarine s father.
Who are willing to give up their wish and their lives.
Raymond and Aquamarine share a kiss and promise to meet up again  Raymond promises.
He ll wait.
Hailey and Claire get their wish  but decide not to use it until later.
Aquamarine gives both Hailey and Claire a starfish earring.
Tell Hailey she is beautiful inside and out.
Claire is courageous and has a true heart.
Aquamarine says.
They can always call her.
<EOS>
Prominent criminal attorney Amos Strickland checks  and is later discovered murdered by the bellboy  Freddie Phillips.
Who is implicated.
Casey Edwards  the house detective  tries to clear Freddie.
Inspector Wellman and Sergeant Stone keep him.
Seven happen to be at the resort.
They are all suspects.
These former clients are Swami Talpur  Angela Gordon  Mrs Hargreave  T.
Hanley Brooks  Lawrence Crandall  Mrs Grimsby and Mike Relia.
They gather  and decide.
They must conceal their pasts and that Freddie must take the blame.
They try unsuccessfully to get Freddie to sign a confession  e.
G. 
Angela tries to seduce him.
The police stop her.
When they fear she s poisoned the champagne.
Then the Swami attempts to hypnotize him.
His stupidity saves him.
Freddie and the two police officers   inform everyone.
Freddie is.
Soon afterwards  several attempts to kill Freddie are made  including gun shots  and locking him in a steam cabinet.
Eventually Freddie hears a voice.
Calls him to bring the handkerchief.
There he meets up.
Who offers to save him.
Freddie makes the mistake.
He left it.
He is left  but is eventually rescued by the two police officers.
Back  everyone has gathered together.
Stone returns.
Belong. 
His motive was.
He  Relia and Millford  Strickland s secretary  were blackmailing the owner Mr Crandell.
He came to investigate  so Melton killed him.
When Strickland found out.
Millford then sent down the former clients to use.
Melton then killed Relia and Millford to cover it all up.
He attempts to escape  but is caught by a booby trap previously set by Freddie.
<EOS>
Two men and a woman meet again for the woman s attentions ensues.
Who were close friends.
<EOS>
Gowri is a motorcycle mechanic living.
Swetha is a college student.
Who is the daughter.
Gowri and Swetha fall to the disapproval of Chandra Sekhar.
He seeks the help to separate Gowri and Swetha.
The rest is all about.
Gowri overcomes Swetha s father and Sarkar to gain Swetha s hand.
<EOS>
The film revolves.
Their community begins to prosper.
Soon money and greed threaten a will.
The main theme involves the role.
How the younger generation strive to overcome it.
The film stars Anu Haasan  cousin  as well as Arvind Swamy and Nassar in lead roles.
<EOS>
The movie opens at her remote beach house.
An intruder ties her up in bed and kills her with a hunting knife.
He writes the word ` Bitch.
Her husband Jack Forrester is devastated.
To make matters worse  he is then arrested by Thomas Krasny  a posturing D.
A.
Jack tries to hire high-profile lawyer Teddy Barnes to defend him.
Barnes used to work.
She is reluctant to take the case.
She stopped working after an incident with Krasny.
Krasny runs.
Where she is dining.
He tells her.
Henry Styles hanged himself.
Barnes visits Sam Ransom  a two-bit private detective.
Who used to work as well.
He stopped private investigations.
Barnes left Krasny s office.
It becomes clear.
Styles  case was the reason why.
Barnes decides to take the case.
Barnes and Forrester spend a great deal of time together.
Eventually  they sleep together.
Ransom warns Barnes.
Forrester is just trying to make her care more so that she wo nt lose it.
She says  I know that.
All are slightly raised.
Ransom has the notes.
Analyzed  determining that they were typed.
Barnes tells the judge.
Krasny has a history.
She is warned.
The prosecution s case relies mainly.
A jilted woman claimed.
Paige told her she was divorcing Jack.
Barnes discredits her   causing Paige to cut off all communication with her.
Her advances had been rejected.
The other main witness is a locker-room attendant.
Who claims to have seen a hunting knife.
Barnes discredits him.
The knife was.
Krasny calls a witness.
Who had an affair.
The details are eerily similar to the way.
He seduced Barnes.
She is horrified and threatens to drop the case.
She only agrees to proceed due.
She now believes that Forrester is guilty.
Another note arrives  He is innocent.
Santa Cruz.
January 21 .
Ask Julie Jensen.
Barnes drives.
Who then testifies that she was attacked in the same manner as Paige Forrester.
All the details match.
She says.
Her attacker seemed to stop himself.
He lets slip.
Krasny is busy objecting that the attack is unrelated to the one on Forrester.
His office had investigated the attack and not revealed it.
The judge threatens to have Krasny disbarred.
It s become obvious.
He s lost the case and that Barnes once again believes Forrester is innocent.
Krasny seems deranged and not just a psychopath.
He yells that Forrester is guilty.
Krasny insists.
Forrester staged the earlier attack in order to create an alibi of sorts for Paige s murder  which he had planned for eighteen months.
Krasny also insists the anonymous notes  leading her along.
Forrester has been sending Barnes.
Barnes announces.
The not guilty verdict is read.
She left Krasny s office  where Krasny suppressed evidence that proved Styles was innocent.
Krasny walks off.
Barnes goes over.
They sleep together again.
She discovers a Corona typewriter in his closet.
She is changing the sheets.
She tests it.
The t is raised.
As it was.
She throws clothing and flees with it  pretending to Forrester.
Her little boy is sick.
Forrester calls to ask after her little boy.
She tells him.
She found the typewriter.
Forrester says.
He s baffled and that he s coming over.
Barnes calls Ransom  breathless.
Forrester is a killer  when a sudden calm comes.
She instead murmurs something inconsequential and hangs up.
The masked figure last seen breaks into her house and confronts her in her bedroom.
She knew and is waiting.
He d come.
Barnes throws back the covers to reveal her gun.
He starts to attack.
She shoots him multiple times.
He falls.
Ransom comes and unmasks the attacker  it is Forrester.
He was trash  Ransom says.
<EOS>
Claire is a woman.
Who gets with the vengeful heroin dealers she helped finger.
They retaliate.
Frightened.
She heads to Toronto.
To stay.
She speaks only French  she understands little English and speaks even less  she finds herself.
Claire has difficulties finding Billy but continues her search.
The cops continue to search.
She finally finds his gallery along  he knew.
He had taken in her sleep.
She hated having her picture taken.
The exhibition is opening.
It seems to consist mostly.
Mickey Rourke played sleazy gangster Eddie and Gina Gershon portrays his tough-as-nails moll Lily Warden.
<EOS>
The Stooges are janitors.
The usual antics occur  first getting an electrical shock down his pants  leading to a cossack dance.
Then  Curly gets.
His head wedged  containing a live fish.
Curly starts to feel the swallowed fish tickling his insides.
Moe and Larry eventually slide the bowl off.
Moe manages to fish the aquatic critter out.
Outside  a crook is shot.
The crooks bring their hurt leader up  thinking.
The doctor s office is open.
The boys play doctor and promptly anesthetize the wounded crook.
Then  the wounded crook slides.
The Stooges  back are turned.
The crook lands right waiting below at street level.
Luck would have it.
The other crooks flee.
When they see the Stooges mangle the situation  only to be captured.
The trio  meanwhile  take cover  replete with a huge jack-in-the-box  and a scared night watchman.
Curly gets so spooked  making him virtually immobile.
He stumbles.
The poor  ghostly-looking Stooge ends up scaring all involved.
<EOS>
Simon Gunner  is a starstruck kid.
Who aspires to become a circus clown.
Simon ultimately fulfills his goal.
<EOS>
14-year-old Joe Henry has spent his life.
His father Bob is a raging violent alcoholic.
His mother  Theresa feels too stressed to pay attention and lives in fear of getting caught in the path of her husband s wrath.
His brother  about a year older  is normal and friendly  but offers no affirmative guidance.
He mostly ignores Joe.
He does nt want the association ruining his attempts to get into the in crowd.
Joe is taunted  and hassled by creditors about his father s mounting bills.
To make matters worse  one night.
Bob goes off the deep end and smashes all.
He takes a full-time job after school  leaving him tired and even less able to keep up with class work.
Far worse  he becomes a petty thief to raise the money to pay Bob s bills and replace her records.
He even does an insider job -- robbing the diner.
Where he works illegally.
Failing  Joe is assigned a Guidance counselor Leonard Coles.
Who  though reasonably friendly  is incompetent.
Disaster eventually strikes.
Joe faces the rest.
Ironically  next seems.
Where he winds up.
Perhaps a chance.
To get away.
<EOS>
The story revolves  set in Kodaikanal.
The movie commences  The police find.
Raam is still alive and arrest him.
Police inspector Umar works.
The story is narrated.
Rama Krishna is an apparently mentally affected teenager  living dependent.
His overcompulsive adoration lands her in various problems.
Raam is provoked easily and tolerates little wrongdoing.
Next door lives Karthika  daughter.
She falls.
She feels.
One day  Saradha is found brutally murdered.
Umar  interrogating various personalities  grills each and every person possibly connected to Raam and the teacher.
Every possible motive is explored.
Raam might have.
Furthermore Raam s neighbours  the sub-inspector Malaichamy and his children are summoned  much to their irritation.
The police eventually find out.
It was Karthika s brother  who committed the murder.
Karthika s brother fatally wounds him and escapes  injuring his father as well.
When Umar confronts him and forces him to surrender.
He kidnaps Karthika and takes her.
However  Raam  seeking vengeance as well as seeking to save Karthika  follows the killer.
A brutal fight occurs.
Raam kills Karthika s brother.
The film ends.
The police find the hideout  while Raam is meditating.
<EOS>
Marigo the musician dreams - a congoma - confiscated by his landlady.
He never pays the rent.
He gets hold and decides to put it in a safe place  he glues it to the back of his door.
He waits.
The night  fortune blinds Marigo  he is the proud owner of the winning ticket.
He already sees himself  with a thousand congomas  an orchestra and a private plane  He even has visions of the charismatic Aminata Fall  symbol of capitalism in Africa.
But there is small problem  the ticket is glued.
<EOS>
A series of unknown attacks on Labors have made two police detectives  Shinichiro Hata and Takeshi Kusumi  investigate these string of events alongside members of the Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department s SV2 unit in solving the case.
Which the labors that were attacked belong.
The two detectives find out.
They begin to unravel the reason.
The attacks may have something to do.
<EOS>
Clint Lorimer works.
He is fired and goes.
Where he meets a past girlfriend  Peggy Shannon.
Clint decides to help Anne Tremaine.
<EOS>
Medy is a makeup artist living with her family  composed of her jobless husband  a son  and an infant daughter.
She regularly does the.
Who later on chose her in the United States.
She met former classmate Helen.
Who convinced Medy to stay to be an illegal migrant worker.
She decides to take up Helen s offer.
Working abroad will bring the prosperity her family seeks.
Medy works as a front desk operator at a children s drama studio.
Medy quickly becomes a natural  becoming favorite among students  particularly a young girl named Cherry.
She follows Helen s suggestion to work to a couple.
When Medy learns that her earnings are not enough to cover the medicine.
Who works.
Medy endures verbal and physical abuse.
Working. 
She also is barred contact  with the couple going so far as hiding her passport from her  so she can not leave.
Medy endures the hardship  the student in the dance studio.
Who turned out to be the couple s daughter.
Medy also has Helen.
Whom she trusts to send her earnings and other gifts.
Medy decides to leave the abusive couple.
Fortunately  Cherry takes pity  and illicitly gives her passport back.
Medy then seeks legal advice Atty.
Michael J.
Gurfinkel  and hiring someone like her.
Who advises her that she has a strong right to file a case.
Medy also confronts Helen.
When she learns that not all her earnings made it.
Medy comes home to an impartial family reunion.
She finds out  leaving her children.
Her husband is seeing another woman.
Also   her son feels betrayed.
Her daughter is grateful to finally meet her.
Who left her to fend.
Medy files.
Her family finally understands her.
When Medy tells her family.
Medy also gets a phone call.
Gurfinkel stating.
She won the case.
She gains back wages and additional money.
This piece lifts Medy s spirit.
She starts to rebuilds her life.
King himself decides to go abroad just like his mother  hoping for a better future.
The whole family wishes him the best.
<EOS>
Marie is a very appealing modern-day vampire  with a moral code.
Limits her bloodsucking.
However   he  too  becomes one and begins to pass his newfound powers on to his henchmen.
When she feasts and fails to complete the job properly - by not severing his spinal cord.
Marie sets out to put things right.
<EOS>
Robert Rath is a paid assassin  haunted by the memory of murdering his own mentor Nicolai years ago.
Who wants nothing more than to get out.
Rath is a quiet  morose professional.
Who is.
That person turns out to be Miguel Bain  a fellow assassin and a competitive psychopath.
Rath then has the trouble.
Who sent Bain.
Could financially allow him to retire  killing the four Dutch buyers and the computer hacker named Electra and retrieve a disk that contains sensitive information.
Electra has set up cameras.
Where she lives and watches them.
Bain is assigned to kill Electra as well.
Bain kills.
The four Dutch buyers who turn out to be Interpol agents and Rath comes to kill Electra but for the first time has a change.
His pay is given to him in a briefcase in exchange for the disk.
The briefcase actually contains a bomb placed to kill him.
Luckily Electra had swapped the disk  not sure.
Rath was coming back or not.
The contractor takes the chance and hires Bain to terminate him  now having become he must try and extract enough money out of his contractor so he can disappear for good  while avoiding the bloodthirsty Bain.
Rath s contractor turns out to be none other himself.
Who also hired Bain to track down Electra and the disk.
<EOS>
Robert Cole is a Hollywood film editor right.
His relationship is caught between undying devotion and endless agony.
It s all.
Selfish Robert is a bit.
Because he s not sure if she s the one or there s someone else.
Robert breaks off their relationship only to find.
Modern romance is nt as easy as it seems.
The people might be the ones.
You love.
You constantly hurt the most.
He and Mary end up driving.
Where intense jealousy causes Robert to alternately accuse and annoy Mary and propose marriage.
<EOS>
The film opens from the previous installment  Hot Wheels  and Tuffy/Heroine 2 driving off into the sunrise.
The survivors Bozo.
Whatever happened.
Them afterwards is unknown  as they are never seen again.
Biker Queen discovers the severed arm.
The movie begins.
She tortures him into telling her.
Who killed Harley Mom.
He reveals and points her.
It was Bozo.
Where he lives.
She knocks Bartender out and takes him to the town.
Meanwhile  the town is overrun.
A pair named.
Lightning s girlfriend is killed.
A hobo is in a cell for dealing meth.
The Sheriff taunts him.
A car salesman named.
Slasher finds evidence and barely escapes the monsters.
The following morning  Biker Queen and four arrive in the deserted town  ignoring the dead bodies.
They look and cross paths with Slasher  his wife Secrets and the man she has an affair with  Greg.
The group is attacked.
Kills one.
The others and the Bartender make their way.
Where they encounter Honey Pie  the girl who left the group behind at the bar.
Bartender brutally attacks her and knocks Honey Pie out.
Honey Pie survives the fall and goes.
Slasher  Greg and Secrets receive a call.
They are ambushed.
They find them.
Both groups get.
Where the brothers and their grandmother are hiding.
The group then tries to make it.
The hobo has sealed himself.
Greg dissects one  gravely injuring the wrestlers  grandmother and also causing it to make a terrifying howl in the process.
The wrestlers try to fashion a skeleton key.
More monsters swarm the garage.
The brothers return.
The group must go.
The survivors hear a baby crying  trapped inside a station wagon.
The next morning  Greg tries to save the baby.
He throws the baby  leaving him to the monster to eat as a distraction.
When he encounters a monster and his plan backfires.
When he has trouble escaping.
Meanwhile  Honey Pie   is ambushed.
Who has spent the night trapped.
She manages to knock it out and uses its claws to make a hole.
The monster regains consciousness and starts to chase her down the street.
She is getting out.
Trapped  the group fashions a catapult with Biker Queen s motorcycle and the biker girls  clothes.
Using the wrestler s gravely injured grandmother to test it  they cause her to smash and die.
Thunder gets but is thrown into the street.
Where he is quickly attacked and disemboweled.
Greg is then severely injured.
When a pipe flies into his head.
Meanwhile  Lightning crosses the street.
Thunder  missing his legs  crawls away.
Lightning picks up the key he had dropped.
Lightning the hobo throws a stick out.
Reaches the jailhouse  but as he opens the door.
Lightning ducks down and is launched across the street.
Honey Pie   is injured and falls to the floor  apparently dead.
Who made it.
The others watch.
The monsters begin breaking.
Suddenly  Honey Pie gets up  screaming  and grabs her gun.
<EOS>
An employee plans and successfully robs a bank as an inside job.
Poole is considered a hero during the bank robbery.
The police quickly figure out he s involved.
The police catch up.
Poole s wife is accidentally shot by the police during the gunfight.
Poole is arrested  convicted and sent.
Poole plans his escape and revenge.
Behind bars.
Killed his wife.
Wagner.
Poole figures the best way to extract.
Revenge is to kill Wagner s wife  Lila.
<EOS>
The Stooges are Click  Clack and Cluck  paparazzi-like photographers working.
Who continue to grate.
To get them out  he sends them to Vulgaria for their next job  knowing full well  leading to execution.
Taking pictures is against the law.
The inept trio are caught.
They set foot.
Curly requests one last smoke  leading.
The firing squad is setting up.
The wait puts everyone to sleep  and enables the boys to escape.
They end up.
They try to avoid their captors.
Which Curly pits his wits.
He pulls out his gun and fires.
When the oyster works Curly s last nerve.
This gets the attention.
Who promptly capture the Stooges and carry them off.
<EOS>
Loukis up and decided to resign from the police  his luck on the young florise Krinio.
Which she was known.
They took along the hiding place.
Which they live.
Loukis willed to overcome his costly road.
They rented a bedroom.
They tried to recurn especially The Little Mouse.
The same was also done.
Kostas was not disposed and made much difficult his team.
<EOS>
The film tells the story.
Who is adopted and has chosen to trace her family history.
Her birth mother  Cynthia Purley  is a working class  ` downwardly immobile   Awkward Squaddie  The Guardian  May 20  1996 white woman.
She also meets her and later meets Cynthia s brother  Maurice Purley  a photographer  and his wife Monica  and Cynthia s daughter Roxanne  a street cleaner.
Hortense could face.
Her birth mother is white but does not resent her and wants to know more.
It is evident.
Severe tensions exist.
Both are frustrated.
Getting another s nerves.
Maurice and Monica also experience domestic tensions.
Monica comes across as abrupt  but later scenes reveal.
Monica makes concerted efforts to placate matters and be contrite.
Things are also.
Cynthia refers to Maurice affectionately and asks him.
When he is going to shave as she always does.
It is clear.
Cynthia somehow can survive.
Hortense rings Cynthia and asks  and starts talking about a baby Elizabeth Purley   born in.
Cynthia realises.
Hortense is her daughter whom she gave up and hangs up the phone.
Hortense is still determined to find out more.
She rings Cynthia again and manages to convince her to meet.
Cynthia feels.
When they finally do.
A grave mistake has been made.
Hortense convinces Cynthia to have a cup.
Hortense asks Cynthia to look  she then begins to cry and then states.
She is ashamed.
Hortense then wants to know.
Who her father is.
Cynthia refuses to answer.
Hortense and Cynthia have struck up a friendship.
Is somewhat noticed after seeing her mother going places but not knowing where  since Cynthia is rather secretive about it.
Cynthia mentions the birthday party  she also gives Hortense a gift.
Cynthia asks Maurice.
She can bring a mate to Roxanne s party.
Cynthia relays this information.
Who replies that she would feel a bit awkward.
She agrees to attend and pose as a colleague from work.
The day arrives.
Monica makes an effort to feel welcome.
Cynthia makes incisive remarks.
Monica hears them  that she makes in her house instead of concentrating of giving Maurice a child.
Maurice tells Roxanne.
She has a good brain and should be.
Roxanne does not take this suggestion seriously.
Everyone gathers prepares the food.
Hortense answers many questions.
Are naturally put by the other guests.
Hortense says.
She is pursuing medical research and endeavors to be evasive.
Cynthia begins to act.
When Roxanne blows out her birthday candles.
She slips.
Hortense is her daughter.
Everyone dismisses this claim and states.
She has had too much to drink.
Roxanne is horrified and storms out.
Maurice attempts to placate matters.
Maurice attempts to convince Roxanne to speak again.
Cynthia apologises.
Cynthia then explains.
Her father sent her away.
She never expected Hortense to come back.
Cynthia then accuses Monica.
Maurice reveals.
Monica is physically incapable.
Maurice then loses his temper and states.
He has spent his whole life trying to make people happy and that he can not take it anymore because they all hate each other.
This Hortense tries to leave.
Maurice stops her admiring her courage.
He will not reveal who her father was either.
Cynthia then explains.
Roxanne s father was an American medical student vacationing.
One morning awoke.
He was gone.
Things have calmed down.
Hortense is free to visit Cynthia and Roxanne.
Hortense reveals.
She always wanted a sister.
Roxanne reveals.
She would be happy to introduce Hortense notwithstanding the long explanations that it would entail.
They gather  and have tea.
<EOS>
Quiet  intelligent  solemn and recently dumped  graduate student Lee Weon-san takes a job at a literary magazine  ostensibly to supplement his income  but really to get close to the editor - the reason.
He s now single.
The editor  unaware takes a shine to him and makes him his personal assistant.
Who Lee is.
He likes having him around.
He s the only person he feels comfortable.
The fiercely independent Lee  however  works  having started a new relationship with part-time photographer/part-time vet Park.
However  Lee pleads to get involved with the editor  a plea and sets Lee thinking once again about vengeance.
When she takes a full-time job.
Goes unheeded.
It s here.
The film really starts to veer.
<EOS>
Dev Saran is a successful football player.
He lives.
Who is a fashion designer.
They have a son named Arjun.
Also living is Dev s mother Kamaljeet.
Maya is an orphan.
Who is to marry her closest childhood friend Rishi Talwar.
The two have been raised.
K. 
A. 
Sam.
Dev encounters Maya moments.
She is to marry Rishi.
Coincidentally  it is Dev and Rhea s fifth wedding anniversary.
They connect instantly.
Dev and Maya are strangers.
The two part ways and Dev bids Maya goodbye.
Maya tells him.
They should never say goodbye because they may meet again.
Moments is hit by a car and injures his leg  as a result he is no longer able to play football.
Four years pass.
Dev is now extremely bitter.
Rhea is very successful making Dev look inferior.
Maya is  She has found and generally does not feel any love towards Rishi.
She is infertile.
She believes he is quite selfish.
The two couples meet and quickly become friends.
Rishi invites the Sarans.
Here  Rishi and Rhea go off and dance together  much.
Also  Sam and Kamaljeet show blatant signs.
The next day  Dev and Maya witness Sam and Kamaljeet embracing.
Sam and Kamaljeet explain.
When they confront them.
They are so have decided to help one another.
Dev and Maya notice each other s marriages failing miserably.
They decide.
They need to help each other save their marriages.
They meet every day and discuss their faults as well as Rishi and Rhea s.
Eventually though  Dev and Maya decide to take a break and decide to spend some quality time together.
They find themselves being drawn.
They decide to organise a meal for their partners.
The couples have an argument.
Dev gets angry.
When he thinks Rhea accepted a promotion to shift.
Rishi gets angry.
When she accuses him.
Maya arrives and finds Dev there.
They argue.
Dev eventually admits.
He has fallen with Maya.
Kamaljeet and Sam notice -- they decide to make Rhea and Rishi talk to one another.
Dev and Maya are being stubborn.
Rhea and Rishi realise.
When they do this.
They love their partners dearly and that they need to stop arguing.
The marriages start to work.
The two couples then go.
Where Dev and Maya each openly compliment their partners and start showing them affection.
The next day  Dev and Maya believe.
They are cheating with their partners and sleep together.
Sam invites the Sarans to celebrate Kamaljeet s birthday.
Here  Dev ` jokingly  admits  Sam is the only one.
He loves Maya.
Who knows that Dev was being serious.
Shortly afterward  Dev and Maya are caught embracing.
Sam soon has a heart attack.
He advises Maya to leave Rishi.
He can see that neither are happy in the marriage.
Dev and Maya decide.
They must end their relationship and go back.
They must tell them.
Rhea and Rishi decide.
They have had enough and divorce Dev and Maya.
Dev and Maya say.
They have managed to sort things out.
They believe.
They shall never meet again and that it is truly time to say goodbye.
Three years pass.
Dev and Maya have not seen each other.
Rishi visits Maya and tells him.
He is re-marrying and wants her to be his best man to which she agrees.
Rhea arrives with her boss Jay.
Whom she is now dating.
Rhea learns -- Rishi learns the same.
Rishi and Maya are divorced.
Rhea finds Maya and tells her.
She divorced Dev when she heard he was having an affair.
She also tells her.
Dev is by train.
Maya is encouraged to find her true love.
Dev sees Maya but tries to avoid her  believing.
She is still married.
However  they see each other.
The train leaves.
Dev pulls the emergency stop and arrives back.
Dev learns.
Maya has also been divorced.
They decide to start a new life together.
Dev narrates.
The credits roll up.
Love should be the only foundation because otherwise it will never work out.
<EOS>
The film opens.
Who befriends three other outcasts.
Who is Zack s sister.
They go and find a glowing rock.
They discover.
They gain powers.
Then they use these powers to intimidate and humiliate people.
Who have made fun over the years.
Zack gains telepathy.
Phoebe gains telekinesis or Psychokinesis.
Ashley gains speech induced psychic suggestion.
Reese gains the ability to heal or hurt others/himself using his mind.
However the power goes.
She begins to take over the school using her mind control.
She attacks her brother Zack and tries to kill Phoebe and Reese.
They force her to heal Zack.
Then she forces Phoebe to levitate off the building  then drop.
Reese takes his hearing away she had around her neck.
When Ashley tries to control him  and breaks the piece.
He heals Phoebe.
It has disappeared.
When they return to destroy the glowing rock.
Ashley ends up.
A former teacher of hers brings her more of the glowing rock  the movie ends with her eyes turning blue  indicating.
Her powers have come back.
<EOS>
Art historians and scientists have joined forces  enabling new details to be exposed.
Using cutting edge x-ray techniques  art historians are now able to see.
The combination allow the Rembrandt Research Project to make startling new discoveries.
<EOS>
Harry Johnson decides to take up the cause.
His aunt dies while fighting the IRS.
What may seem to be an unconventional manner.
<EOS>
All   are connected through an artificially intelligent computer system called S.
Are faster and stronger.
E.
T.
H.
A Self-Evolving Thought Helix.
When S.
E.
T.
H.
Discovers  it takes matters to protect its life.
The Universal Soldier program is scheduled to be shut down.
Killing those  and unleashing his platoon  led by the musclebound Romeo  S.
Who try to shut off his power.
E.
T.
H.
Spares Devereaux.
Because Devereaux has the secret code that is needed to deactivate a built-in program that will shut S.
E.
T.
H.
Down. 
S.
E.
T.
H.
Is able to put his program.
Squid made superior.
Not only must Luc contend Erin Young.
Luc must also contend.
Who wants to take extreme measures to stop S.
E.
T.
H.
S.
E.
T.
H.
Has arranged Romeo to kidnap Luc s injured 13-year-old daughter Hillary  killing Maggie.
Luc is the only person.
Who can rescue Hillary.
Luc knows firsthand how a UniSol thinks  feels  and fights.
Luc infiltrates the UniSol building  but finds Maggie  now revived.
S.
E.
T.
H is able to figure out the code himself  decides to kill Luc and raise Hillary himself.
Who he has healed using UniSol technology.
Luc covers S.
E.
T.
H.
Shatters S.
E.
T.
H.
S frozen body.
Luc then engages.
Ends when Maggie finally rebels by shooting Romeo  and allows Luc and Hillary to get out of the building on time.
However  the bomb was deactivated.
General Radford had placed.
E.
T.
H.
Luc fires.
Romeo and the platoon start to march out for battle.
<EOS>
-- a colonial mansion -- they find.
When an architect and his bride move.
Their new digs have a rich history.
The manor is already occupied.
What s more.
<EOS>
Aema leaves her selfish  middle-aged husband to pursue a career as an actress.
She meets a performance artist.
Who persuades her to perform perverted sex acts.
Finally  repenting  she returns to her husband.
<EOS>
Philip Randall Bernard a.
K. 
A. 
Flip is faced to join the police force  or attempt to live his dream of becoming a Hip Hop/spoken word artist.
The film shows both.
<EOS>
Crash Davis  a veteran  is sent down to the single-A Bulls for a specific purpose  to educate hotshot rookie pitcher Ebby LaLoosh about being a major-league talent  and to control Ebby s haphazard pitching.
Crash immediately begins calling Ebby.
They get off.
Thrown is Annie  a lifelong spiritual seeker  every year  chosen one player on the Bulls to be her lover and student.
Who latched and has.
Annie flirts.
Crash walks out  saying.
He s too much a veteran to try out.
Crash further sparks Annie s interest.
He leaves.
Which he lists the things he believes Good night.
Annie and Crash work  in their own ways  to shape Ebby into a big-league pitcher.
Annie plays mild bondage games  reads poetry  and gets him to think in different ways.
Crash forces Nuke to learn not to think.
The catcher make the pitching calls  and lectures him.
Crash also talks in The Show  and to.
He briefly lived.
He has tried to return.
Meanwhile   the relationship grows.
Nuke matures.
It becomes obvious that the two are a more appropriate match  except for the fact that Annie and Nuke are currently a couple.
Nuke becomes a dominant pitcher by.
Nuke is called up to the majors and the Bulls  now having no use for his mentor  release Crash.
This incites jealous anger.
Who is frustrated.
Nuke leaves  ending his relationship with Annie.
Crash overcomes his jealousy to leave Nuke.
Crash is released and joins another team  the Asheville Tourists  and breaks the minor league record for career home runs.
We see Nuke one last time  being interviewed  reciting the cliched answers.
Crash had taught him earlier.
Crash then retires.
A player and returns s ready to give up her annual affairs with boys.
Crash tells her.
He is thinking.
Both characters end one phase and begin another  Annie and Crash dancing in her candle-lit living room.
<EOS>
English language remake  tells the story of a week in the life of Frank  a big time drug pusher in London.
Frank s life is a fun-filled rollercoaster.
Soon spins out.
Friendships start to vanish  there is no longer room.
Violence takes over.
Danger and chaos are all around.
He becomes a man trapped.
Eventually Frank is left to turn to and nowhere to go  becoming a man paralysed with the fear of knowing.
There is no way.
<EOS>
The film concerns a Native American man named Raphael.
Who lives in a remote community near a rubbish dump selling whatever he can to make a living.
Raphael  seeing the hopelessness and his inability to provide for his family  agrees to star in a snuff film for a large sum of money.
He hopes will give his family a chance.
Having been given the money  Raphael is given a week to live and then return to be tortured and killed in front of the camera.
The film follows Raphael s transformation and children over the course of his final week of life and his own personal anguish with his fate.
<EOS>
Du Xiaoju and Wang Yi are two people.
Xiaoju is about to marry one.
The film opens.
Her fiance inadvertently commits suicide by diving into an empty swimming pool.
Drunk. 
Devastated  Xiaoju becomes increasingly close.
Causes them to fall and marry.
The honeymoon period proves short  however.
Xiaoju begins to exhibit increasingly unbalanced behavior.
She teases her husband  and interrogates him on his former partners.
Soon  the teasing erupts  much to the consternation of their friend  Pan Youjun.
Her behavior become erratic  obsessive  and ultimately dangerous.
Xiaoju becomes convinced that her husband no longer loves her.
<EOS>
This is the story.
Had worked all their life making a modest living out.
Everthing gave.
They had they.
They could have a better future.
Thanks  two of them were able to study abroad and now  were too ashamed of their parents and denied knowing them.
They had accomplished.
The third child  had become an alcoholic and his whereabouts were unknown.
<EOS>
The Supreme Court has ordered the release of the three Satanist men convicted of raping Jake Cabrera s wife Hannah after eight years in prison.
Jake decides to render his own brand.
However  the souls possess him  causing harm to his family.
<EOS>
The scene opens.
Stan complains.
He has a toothache.
Ollie goes to get him a hot-water bottle and keeps stepping on a tack.
Is lying around.
The lid opens.
When Stan gets the water bottle.
The water pours out.
The two make.
Much noise and the landlord comes in  telling them that they will have to leave first thing.
The next day  Stan is  but is too afraid to get his tooth pulled.
The dentist leaves.
Ollie demonstrates.
Stan should sit and not be afraid.
Meanwhile  the dentist tells one.
He should go and pull his tooth out.
He ended up pulling Ollie s tooth.
He knocks.
When Stan is back.
Makes everyone laugh.
Stan and Ollie leave the office and go  still laughing their heads off from the gas.
<EOS>
Captain January is a young girl.
Who lives with her guardian  Jeremiah Daddy Judkins.
Judkins   rescued January.
Who is the lighthouse keeper.
When she was an infant.
The only clue was a locket with a photograph of a woman around her neck  so Judkins adopted her as his own daughter.
January helps Judkins around the lighthouse.
His health worsens  these tasks become increasingly more complicated and important.
January must ascend to the top of the lighthouse by herself to light the lamps.
The local townsfolk become skeptical.
January is saved by a chance meeting with Isabelle Morton  an affluent young woman.
Who comes to visit the lighthouse.
She believes   she identifies January.
January looks familiar.
When she sees the photograph.
Isabelle wishes to adopt January and reunite her.
Faced  Judkins agrees.
However  the girl is miserable  runs away  and finds her way back to the lighthouse.
Judkins and the Morton family finally devise a means to make everyone happy  January returns.
Judkins is employed  ensuring.
He will always be able to visit his former daughter.
<EOS>
This special begins.
He says.
He feels silly to chicken out  because he knows he is the type she would like.
He says I may not be the greatest guy who ever lived  but  who is.
Just then  the Little Red Haired Girl walked  and dropped her pencil.
Charlie Brown notices it  picks it up  and sees.
It has teethmarks.
He realizes  this means.
She nibbles  and is human.
Charlie Brown wanted to use the Little Red Haired Girl s lost pencil.
Unfortunately  Lucy took the pencil and returned it to the Little Red Haired Girl.
Charlie Brown had a chance to.
Later that day  Charlie Brown buys a cheap box  and decides to hide behind a tree and give it to her  commenting.
Love makes you do strange things.
The next day  Marcie is seen making a Valentine s card  and telling Peppermint Patty.
She is very found.
Later that day  Marcie goes over.
He likes her.
All Charlie Brown said.
Was  Do I what.
Marcie then walks away angry.
Later  Charlie Brown receives a letter saying I know you.
I.
Charlie Brown gets very excited thinking.
It s.
Peppermint Patty yells  telling him That letter.
Was. 
You like me  Chuck.
She left Charlie Brown standing there  saying.
I do.
And the next day Marcie called Charlie Brown to ask him.
He liked her.
He got confused again.
Charlie Brown buys the Little Red Haired Girl a valentine.
Then he wants to practice giving it.
He tells Snoopy to pretend to be the little Red Haired Girl.
He practices delivering the valentine.
Snoopy answers.
When Charlie Brown knocks.
Annoys Charlie Brown.
Charlie Brown tells Linus.
He still does nt know what to do.
Linus suggested.
Charlie Brown should invite her.
Charlie Brown agreed  but first asked Linus to talk to find out.
She likes him.
Linus went over and asked her  the Little Red Haired girl had no idea.
She likes Charlie Brown  however.
There was a kid.
Later   Charlie Brown tries to impress the Little Red Haired Girl  by winking at her.
However   the teacher sends Charlie Brown.
She could notice him.
She thinks he is winking because his eye hurts him.
The next day  Valentine s Day  Charlie Brown notices the Little Red Haired Girl handing out valentines.
He gets excited.
She might give him a valentine  but becomes discouraged when she does nt give him one.
Later   Linus suggests.
When Charlie Brown and Linus are.
Charlie Brown calls her to invite her.
Charlie Brown says.
He ca nt.
He is worried she might hang up.
Linus tells him.
S the beauty.
That is not considered the whole face.
She hangs up.
Later  Charlie Brown dialing on the phone  attempting to call the Girl.
However   Marcie picks up.
Charlie Brown realizes.
He dialed the wrong number.
He tells.
To Marcie.
Marcie says.
She understands.
She thinks.
He probably meant to call Peppermint Patty.
She tells him lucky.
Patty is here.
She gives the phone.
Peppermint Patty asks Charlie Brown.
He called to invite her.
She accepted the offer.
Charlie Brown could answer her.
That night  Charlie Brown put.
He has to go.
He invites Snoopy to come.
Snoopy puts and goes with him.
Charlie Brown is told.
When they arrive.
Snoopy ca nt come in because dogs are nt allowed.
Charlie Brown tells a fib  so Snoopy was allowed in.
Snoopy is really a person who came dressed because he thought it was a costume party.
Charlie Brown sees Linus.
Linus tells him the Little Red Haired Girl.
Is  so he should ask her to dance with him.
Charlie Brown decided  and starts walking  getting more nervous with every step he takes.
Linus is right.
But  Peppermint Patty and Marcie find him  and start dancing  much to Charlie Brown s annoyance.
He could make it over.
Charlie Brown realizes.
When the two girls finally let him go.
The Little Red Haired Girl was already dancing.
And that somebody else is Snoopy.
Peppermint Patty and Marcie complain to Charlie Brown.
He was not a good date  as he was a horrible dancer.
They also ask.
He does nt invite them.
The special ends.
He did nt get to dance  and did nt even receive one valentine.
Just then  Snoopy brings Charlie Brown a valentine.
Charlie Brown becomes excited.
The special ends there.
It is not revealed.
Who the valentine is.
<EOS>
Ray drives to collect Betty.
Who is his partner.
They drive.
Unknown  ray is in the process of doing a deal with one of his friends  the party is full of all Rays old associates.
Who are seacoalers that work and live  reclaiming waste coal that is washed in on the tide.
Ray buys a caravan on the seacoalers  camp.
Betty wakes the next morning to find herself  and is shocked to learn of Ray s decision to set up again as a seacoaler.
Nevertheless  she agrees to move in to get her and her daughter Corrina away from her violent.
Betty cleans and decorated the caravan  turning it  and becomes content with living on the camp and working Rosie and Val.
A seacoaler Betty makes friends.
Ray manages to persuade an old resident  to allow Ray to use his address to fiddle his dole payments  as living in a caravan.
They have no actual address.
Betty is outraged to discover.
All their hard work has accumulated to #.
Ray then goes ahead.
Betty sells his car and buys a horse  which sets him up.
Meanwhile.
Corrina makes friendships  Ray is called for an interview at the DHSS concerning his address.
Where his fraud is discovered.
He then bets all his coal to win a pickup  but unfortunately loses.
Could improve his fortunes.
He returns.
Unsure and not wanting to face up he packs his suitcase and leaves.
What to do.
While Betty is shopping  Although very upset  Betty decides to stay on the camp and try and make a life for herself and Corrina with support from the other families on the camp.
<EOS>
The movie is.
Is taken hostage.
Surprisingly  the family turns out to be not only cooperative but also very pleasant and understanding.
It becomes apparent.
The movie progresses.
None are who they seem to be.
The two bandits are revealed to be only petty criminals and their escape  the unintentional result.
They are revealed to not be as sane and innocent.
When the mother stabs the house maid to keep her.
They initially appeared.
<EOS>
A Very Pony Place features three different stories  each of them focusing on the new characters exclusively released in the special.
These were  Lily Lightly  Storybelle  Star Flight  Heart Bright and lastly  Puzzlemint.
The first story  Come Back  Lily Lightly focuses.
The story begins.
When Lily Lightly announces the even called the Night.
Part is the Rainbow Lights party.
Which each unicorn pony decorates the place with lights.
The whole place is decorated  Cheerilee gave Lily Lightly the title Princess of All that Twinkles and Glows  but her horn starts to glow.
Then runs off  leaving some.
Meanwhile  Pinkie Pie and Minty were going by balloon.
Minty said.
She left the map.
She does nt need it.
Back  Lily Lightly got embarrassed.
Everyone saw her horn glowing and runs away.
Back  both ponies were now getting lost through a sea of clouds.
Minty said they need to see the bright lights to get there.
Back  Brights Brightly and Rarity goes to search for Lily Lightly at the outskirts of Unicornia.
Will Brights Brightly and Rarity find their lost friend.
Pinkie Pie  Minty and Sunny Daze all went.
Storybelle herself picked her favorite story  Two  a story about two ponies.
Who were so close that they were almost twins.
Both play together  eat sundaes together and wished.
She explained the story.
They can gain wings so they can fly.
Both did several attempts to fly  but ended not lifting up in the ground.
They asked the Breezies on how they can fly.
However  the Breezies answered.
They can actually fly  but not knowing why or how.
They both wished and wanted to dream.
Both ponies returned to Ponyville to get some sleep.
They wanted to fly.
They both gain.
They woke up.
Wings and both flew  not expecting that flying is not easy as it looks.
The third and final story  Positively Pink focuses.
Minty looked and found out it s Pinkie Pie s birthday.
Everyone hold up a meeting and decided.
They plan a surprise party by making everything pink.
Everyone kept.
Pinkie Pie enters the shop.
Her mouths shut and left the place.
Feeling confused  Pinkie Pie asked Sweetberry  only answering.
What s going on.
She needs to consult Puzzlemint to solve some kind.
Puzzlemint halts everyone and goes on to distract Pinkie Pie.
Everyone prepares for her surprise party.
The preparations can continue.
<EOS>
Pocahontas is the daughter  one day  she is out playing in the woods near the shore.
When she spots a strange ship filled.
She runs away and tells her father and her people all about the new arrivals.
When they notice her.
Powhatan s tribe begins to worry  they have terrible memories.
The pale faces arrived.
Some suggest attacking the white men and sending them back to.
Where they came.
Powhatan feels.
These new men should not have to pay.
He suggests.
To not harm them  but to continue living their lives within their lands.
They know what the settlers are up.
Eventually  the young Pocahontas befriends Captain John Smith.
The two become fast friends.
Captain Smith is a friendly man and desires peace.
Neither he nor Pocahontas can prevent a growing hatred.
Some  feeling  decide to abandon the tribe and start their own  with new laws.
Powhatan has grown weak.
The ones allow themselves to be taught many things  including new sports and useful everyday things.
Remain. 
The wisdom and good heart becomes the key to the collaboration between the two different groups of people.
Order to survive those difficult times.
<EOS>
Dennis Markham  a prominent Member of Parliament and opponent of the American nuclear presence in the United Kingdom  is reported by a London paper to have been seen leaving a woman s home.
His loyalty is questioned  he is hounded by the media and is forced to resign.
When the woman is found to also be familiar from East Germany.
The author continues his work with colleague Vernon Bayliss.
Who suspects that Markham is being framed.
Mullen suspects something deeper and finds evidence of a complex cover up concerning a near nuclear accident and a secret US Air Force base.
When Vernon dies.
Mullen continues to investigate the affair despite the best attempts of the British Government to stop him.
<EOS>
Directed Wingard.
The film is an anthology.
Each individual tape is framed.
Follows a group.
They discover the corpse of a man in front of a television  and decide to split up and check out the basement.
One member stays behind and decides to view a tape.
The team searches.
Was already.
We are shown brief glimpses of the main arc.
They find a large pile of tapes.
The man sees a figure walk by and disappear  thinking.
Collecting them all  unsure which is the one they re tasked to find.
There is another person.
He s told to ignore it.
They just collect the tapes and return back upstairs.
They find.
The original viewer has disappeared.
The leader orders found  to figure out.
The camera man to watch the tapes they.
Is the right one.
He attempt to find the other guys.
The leader returns later  only to discover.
The second viewer has disappeared along.
He goes downstairs and discovers.
The decapitated remains and is soon chased by the undead old man.
The leader manages to make it upstairs and is presumably killed  upon.
Where he falls down.
Point the VCR begins to play the final tape.
Directed are three friends.
Who have rented a hotel room.
Clint wears a pair to record the encounters.
Clint encounters a mysterious woman  Lily.
The three men are.
Who is staring.
He tries to talk.
She is odd and only whispers out I.
Shane convinces Lily to do a bump of cocaine.
Lisa declines.
Lily seems nervous  but stays back to the room.
Once there  Shane becomes angry.
When Lisa passes out before he can have sex  as Patrick laughs constantly as he sits on the couch watching everyone.
Lily seems attracted.
Who repeatedly goes  as he is fairly wasted from the drugs and alcohol.
Patrick is laughing.
Clint seems to be getting on.
Lily gets very upset and seems at him.
Shane  frustrated  starts to make moves.
Clint gets upset but does nt step in.
Shane gets Clint to come closer.
He takes off Lily s dress.
They do nt notice.
Too intoxicated to comprehend it.
Her feet are deformed and spiky.
She reaches and is seemingly attempting to initiate a threesome with him and Shane.
Shane moves.
Clint is getting overwhelmed.
Lily has rolled Shane over and is  naked.
Patrick tries to join in.
Clint is hesitant.
Lily says no and makes a strange huff at him again.
Clint returns  and looks back in the room to see.
Patrick is naked and trying to move.
Clint goes back again.
Where Patrick joins him.
Lily has severely bitten Patrick s hand.
Shane is laughing  saying no means no.
Clint notices Lily s back is changing colors  but he goes back.
Patrick and Clint return to find Lily eating Shane  killing him.
Patrick also dies.
When he tries to fend off Lily.
However  the high alcohol content causes her to become sick.
Clint takes the opportunity to escape  but falls and breaks his wrist.
Lily catches up  now in her true form as a fanged monster.
Chad  Matt  Tyler and Paul head out at a stranger s house.
Soon find the house deserted.
They get in and think.
The house is actually a haunted attraction.
The camera shows things like a woman appearing  then disappearing  in a mirror  and the others laughingly saying things like arms reaching out of the walls in another room.
The friends hear loud chanting a group of people seemingly assaulting a bound young woman.
They think  strange hands emerge.
This is a joke but soon realize the truth when the leader assaults the woman violently.
Cult members are pulled.
The guys run downstairs.
One convinces them all to return and rescue the girl  not realizing.
They are interrupting an exorcism.
More haunting and disturbing paranormal events prevent them.
As they save her.
They exit and get into the car.
She is no longer there.
When they begin to question the woman.
However  she reappears.
The car starts to move.
The friends witness.
They realize  but the doors are sealed shut  as well.
Their car is not only stuck.
They attempt to break the windows.
They see a train approaching.
The final video ends.
The friends are killed.
<EOS>
John Grant is a middle-class teacher.
He feels disgruntled.
He signed for receiving a tertiary education.
The bond has forced him to accept a post.
It is the start.
Grant plans going to visit his girlfriend but first  however  he must travel by train to the nearby mining town of Bundanyabba.
Order to catch a Sydney-bound flight.
Grant encounters several disconcerting residents including a policeman  Jock Crawford.
Who encourages Grant to consume repeated glasses before introducing him to the local obsession with the gambling game of.
Hoping to win enough money to pay off his bond and escape his slavery  Grant at first has a winning streak playing two-up but then loses all his cash.
Unable now to leave The Yabba  Grant finds himself dependent.
Being drawn.
Grant reluctantly goes drinking and goes to Tim s house.
Here he meets Tim s daughter  Janette.
Several men question Grant s masculinity  asking .
He and Janette talk.
Who have gathered.
What s the matter.
Janette then tries to initiate an awkward sexual episode.
Who vomits.
Grant finds refuge  staying at the shack of an alcoholic medical practitioner known as Doc Tydon.
Doc tells him.
He and many others have had sex.
He also gives Grant pills  ostensibly to cure Grant s hangover.
Later  a drunk Grant participates.
Doc s friends Dick and Joe.
The hunt culminates.
Grant returns to Doc s shack.
Where Doc apparently initiates a homosexual encounter.
Wake  Radio National review by Julie Rigg  26 June.
A repulsed Grant leaves the next morning and walks.
He tries to hitch-hike  but accidentally boards a truck to The Yabba.
Takes him straight back.
He contemplates shooting Doc  but instead attempts suicide.
Grant recovers from his suicide attempt.
Doc sees him off.
He returns.
<EOS>
The film begins Linnet Ridgeway and her close friend Jacqueline de Bellefort.
Jackie wants her fiance  Simon Doyle  to work.
But he and Linnet have a whirlwind affair and end up marrying.
They are continually hounded.
Honeymooning. 
S.
Karnak.
A large stone is pushed off a pillar and narrowly misses Simon and Linnet.
When the passengers venture off-shore to examine a nearby temple.
They again encounter Jackie.
Who boards the ship and ignores the warnings to stay away  revealing that she carries a small pistol.
Jackie confronts Simon.
She shoots him and hits him in the leg.
The next morning  Linnet Ridgeway is discovered murdered  shot in the head by a similar weapon  with almost everyone aboard the S.
S.
Karnak having had a reason to want to do away.
The pistol has meanwhile gone missing.
The elderly Mrs van Schuyler coveted Linnet s jewels.
Miss Bowers  was forced.
When Linnet s father destroyed her family.
The maid  Louise Bourget  was upset a promised dowry.
Linnet refused her.
James Ferguson  a Communist  resented Linnet s life.
Eccentric novelist Salome Otterbourne faced.
A libel suit brought.
The author s daughter Rosalie wanted to protect her mother.
American lawyer Andrew Pennington had embezzled.
Dr Ludwig Bessner was upset.
Linnet made defamatory remarks.
Jacqueline de Bellefort was upset.
Poirot admits.
He found out all this.
Now it s up.
Who was representing Linnet s British lawyers and investigating.
Jackie is a natural suspect but has a perfect alibi  having been sedated and observed all night.
Simon Doyle was also unable to commit the crime due.
Poirot is convinced someone.
A bundle had been found.
The missing pistol is wrapped.
Was apparently used to muffle the sound and prevent scorching  as seen around Linnet s injury.
A handkerchief was also included  stained.
Some of which was found.
The maid Louise is murdered.
Poirot and Race conduct their investigation.
Her throat has been cut.
A fragment is found in her hand.
Poirot realizes.
She probably saw the murderer coming out and attempted to extort money in return for her silence.
Salome Otterbourne claims to have seen Louise s murderer and is about to tell Poirot  too large to have been used on Linnet.
When she is shot.
Poirot gathers everyone in the saloon.
Where he reveals the solution -- Simon Doyle murdered his wife.
Poirot reveals.
Simon and Jackie were still lovers.
His marriage had been cleverly plotted in order to gain her money.
They faked Simon s shooting  leaving him free.
The doctor was being fetched and as Jacqueline was attended to by Miss Bowers.
Simon was left alone long enough to run  shoot her in the head  return to the lounge and shoot himself in the leg through the stole - a third shot.
Which no one was aware.
Jackie covered up.
She stole the knife and revolver  then killed the maid and Salome Otterbourne.
Simon and Jackie point out  so Poirot convinces Simon.
Poirot has no proof.
His hands could be tested.
They confess.
When they realize that they have been found out.
Jackie covertly takes back her pistol and shoots Simon  then herself.
Later Poirot says goodbye  reveals.
The test was.
Rosalie and Ferguson announce.
They are engaged.
<EOS>
The story is.
She is a sweet  clumsy and warm girl.
There is Ji Eun-Sung  a student from a vocational school and a well-known bully.
He is hot-tempered and rude but deep inside he is longing to be loved.
One day  clumsily  Ye-Won leaves a message to reply to Eun-Sung s impolite message.
She is shocked.
When someone calls her mobile and threatens her.
Gradually  her best friend  Lee Kyung-Won  tells her.
Who Eun-Sung is.
He sends Ye-Won a message  He will wait for her in front of the main gate.
She is so scared.
She and Kyung-Won decide to jump.
Unfortunately  the moment Ye-Won jumps  Eun-Sung is standing exactly.
She falls.
Their lips meet accidentally.
Raising his voice  Eun-Sung asks her to take responsibility  she is astonished.
His friend explains.
Eun-Sung has never even held hands.
She must marry him.
She is the first girl who kissed him.
The story continues very fast.
Ye-won does not have any feelings for.
She even rejects his invitation to come.
Unknowingly  Eun-Sung has fallen with her.
He is not the kind.
Who knows how to express his inner feelings.
He is jealous.
When Ye-Won is approached.
He does not know.
To be.
Eun-Sung always pardons Ye-Won s faults and clumsiness.
He is rude and.
However  he ca nt bear it.
When he finds out that Ye-Won went out.
The broken-hearted Eun-Sung decides to leave Korea and follow his mother.
A year later Ye-Won is seen  discussing.
Whether she is scared.
It seems.
They are.
The hearing portion of the exam brings up a quote from Romeo and Juliet bring Ye-Won back to the memory of her and Eun-Sung in the park in front of the telephone booth where  no matter.
What  they would.
Ye-Won stops.
What she is doing and runs.
She waits there.
The scene rolls back.
She starts to cry.
Eun-Sung is not there.
A rabbit is hopping.
She turns around.
She gave.
She looks up.
Eun-Sung is there.
She yells.
Why did you leave.
The film ends.
Where the only kid that would kiss Eun-Sung was.
An interesting aspect is that earlier on in the film  Ye-won uses Eun-Sung s cellphone to make a mini-video of her bedroom.
There she captures footage.
When she was little  showing her and a friend.
It turns out  hinting.
This friend is actually the little.
He is surprised to see himself and remembers.
When Eun-Sung watches the video towards the end of the film.
Ye-Won was that little girl.
<EOS>
Johnny Walker is the top high school quarterback prospect.
Who is heavily recruited.
His best friend  Leo Wiggins  thinks.
He should hold out.
His girlfriend  Georgia  wants him to go with her and get a solid education.
The colleges offer him everything -- girls  cars  cash  free room and board  etc.
He could possibly want.
He is unsure.
He has all the skills a coach would want.
Where he wants to go.
He is offered everything and anything except for the local State College.
Johnny lives.
<EOS>
Anand is an advertisement photographer.
Quite typical  he comes across Annalakshmi.
Who is conservative.
The girl develops love for him.
But Anand has other plans.
The mystery is soon unraveled and is made known.
Anand hails.
The twist occurs.
When everyone thinks Anand will tie the knot.
What transpires forms the rest of the story.
Ends. 
<EOS>
Flunked looks  Results of national and international educational aptitude tests show.
There has been a decline.
The average American student is unable to compete academically.
Success rates have fallen.
Remediation and dropout rates are skyrocketing.
Public education has problems.
This film attempts to focus.
The film starts.
Then it focuses.
Are attaining great results and graduating competent workers for tomorrow s economy.
The documentary shows education alternatives.
<EOS>
The film follows two wayward characters  Chen Sihan and his girlfriend  Xiaoping.
Both characters are looking for a way to make their fortune.
The two travel from their home in Anhui province  in the hope.
They can purchase rare mushrooms to sell back home.
They discover.
When they return home.
They have been cheated and return.
Returning unsuccessfully  Chen Sihan and Xiaoping are forced to decide.
Whether to continue their journey or enter a school life.
<EOS>
Nammal is another campus movie after Niram.
This time is Kamal.
What is different.
Introduces new faces Siddharth and Jishnu.
Kamal provides glimpses with these debutants.
Snehalatha takes charge.
Where Shyam and Sivan are the heroes.
Shyam and Sivan are fun filled characters as well as naughty.
Aparna is teased and ragged.
Who happens to be the daughter.
Aparna complaints and Snehalatha takes action.
She discovers that Shyam and Shivan are orphans.
But the real twist happens.
When Snehalatha finds out that one is her son.
Suhasini has done a splendid job backed.
Music by Kalavoor Ravi kumar.
<EOS>
A Summer is filmmaker Ben Selkow s feature length documentary chronicling his friend Sam s battle with manic-depressive illness.
The film follows Sam.
He suffers delusional manic episodes  battles paralyzing depressions  and tries to escape the legacy who committed suicide when Sam was eight years old.
A Summer in the Cage puts a human face on an illness.
Affects millions.
But  it also becomes a unique tale and the ethical responsibilities of a documentary filmmaker.
This dramatic story unfolds and finally reaches an explosive standoff.
<EOS>
The plot is standard Western B movie fare.
The Marshal teams up with a Texas Ranger to stop a band of outlaws.
Who are preying and stealing their gold.
<EOS>
Sarika is a model.
Who returns after a modeling stint abroad.
She is received and is soon drugged and operated upon.
Her dead body is soon found.
Dileep is a photographer working.
He is a photographer.
Was won.
He becomes professionally involved.
Romantically involved.
Soon Swapna s deadbody turns up.
He becomes the main suspect and is on the run from police.
He goes to meet Radha.
His face is plastered all over the city and police watching Madhavi s house.
Radha   helps him and lets him stay.
Who always considered Kamal as he was always nice to her.
The next morning   the water is bloody red.
When Kamal wakes up and turn.
He hears screaming coming.
He goes to investigate and is shocked to find Radha s bloody body.
When a group are gathered around the tank.
Soon people recognize him and mistakenly think.
He murdered Radha.
He is once again.
He starts to investigate the murders and deduce.
The only thing the two girls had was the modeling agency.
He finds a small incision.
When he secretively meets up.
Remembering  he questions her.
The other two girls had the same incision.
She remembers.
She does nt remember how she got it.
She did nt have one before she left abroad for the agency.
She also finds it strange.
She was unconscious during the shoot but can not remember what happened.
They eventually find out.
Oberoi  has a nefarious business thro  his modeling agency.
He drugs the models abroad  operates them and smuggles diamonds into India using their bodies.
When the models return and take it out and kill the girl.
Kamal gets captured  he has already got the truth out.
They hear the police siren coming.
Oberoi can kill Kamal.
Oberoi  an obsessive diamond collector   eats his own diamonds and commits suicide.
<EOS>
The story begins by seven unknown assailants.
Mayte believes.
The assassins were.
She sets out to meet.
She believes he is the only one that can protect the chains.
Is a romance.
What follows.
Prince organizing the assassination.
<EOS>
The film revolves.
Their struggle to let go.
His elder sister fights  whilst his obedient younger sister works for Unni like a slave.
Eventually  succumbing  he withdraws like a rat into a hole.
The Rat Trap acts.
The women are placed.
Gopalakrishnan says.
The movie was inspired.
Silence is a huge trope.
Large swathes  the way the camera lingers on the characters  follows them through the scene  almost unbearably patient.
The sister   keeps silent.
Rajamma is destroyed.
Who does not support her when she wants to get married.
When she is ailing and dying.
The patriarchal figure.
Is completely incapable.
He needs to be propped up his sisters  clean  - from feudal to nationalist.
Who cook.
He oils himself when he is even incapable.
The Rat Trap is a metaphor to show.
The women are trapped.
They are locked.
The women are represented.
Who wears blue to show her gentleness.
To chart her life.
The revolt shows in her silence  in her suffering.
Gopalakrishnan says.
He gave her blue to wear to show her gentlesness.
The eldest sister wears green to show fruition - she has survived.
She still worries and how to feed her family  who uses her as a tool to get more money from her brother.
The Most interesting character is Rajamma to show.
She suffers silently.
She screams.
When will I get out.
This shows  they revolt.
Patriarchy is slowly destroying the women.
The film is beautiful.
Rajamma does nt revolt but utters her attenuated critiques through her silence - shows what a hypocritical  cowardly  weak and despicable her elder brother is.
The younger sister  Sridevi wears red  is to symbolize revolt.
Gopalakrishnan says.
She runs away  presumably with a lover.
The feudal characteristics is shown through the way.
Unni treats his servants  the various people who visit him and most importantly how he treats Rajamma  his sister who takes care with utter selflessness.
A beautiful movie and a must watch.
It is to understand the violence of patriarchy.
The music is throbbing  incomplete to show the sense of sustained urgency.
The crippling patriarchal structure results in.
The rats are caught and drowned just like the women.
Who are destroyed.
<EOS>
Joseph Donnelly  a hot-headed young man  decides to take revenge.
Whose home was burned.
He is discovered by Daniel s daughter  Shannon Christie and is injured by her.
When he tries to escape.
He continues his plans to kill his landlord.
Injured. 
His rifle backfires due.
Held captive  Joseph tries to escape the house and is caught.
They treat his wounds.
Who had earlier burned the Donnelly house.
Joseph spits in anger and  disgraced  Stephen challenges Joseph to a duel of pistols at dawn.
Meanwhile  Shannon  also Stephen s love interest  is growing dissatisfied to be modern  even going as far by playing American music on the piano.
To intentionally disgust her mother and their friends.
She makes plans to leave to claim land.
S being given away.
Joseph   is able to escape.
Initially refusing to flee.
Shannon pays.
He pretends to be her servant.
This way  a single young woman is able to travel  can reach America to claim land.
Shannon meets and talks.
He informs her  she must travel along with others.
To claim the free land.
Concerned  she explains to him.
She has no money  only expensive silver spoons.
He tells her he will help her find a shop.
Where she can sell her silver.
McGuire steals her spoons and is shot by men.
Who seem to have had previous trouble.
The spoons are scattered and stolen by passersby.
Calling  Shannon is rescued by Joseph.
Who manages to save her bag and get her out.
Taking charge  Joseph is led to the community of Irish living in the area and speaks to the man in charge  Boss Kelly.
They find a room to live in and jobs in a chicken processing plant.
Is hated.
She is  to save her from being exiled or hurt.
Time passes.
It becomes obvious  but both keep up a front.
Joseph and Shannon have become attracted.
One night   Joseph finds and joins in a barehanded boxing match.
Himself sexually frustrated and rushes out.
Winning the match provides Joseph.
He becomes somewhat.
Meanwhile  the Christie house is burned down by unhappy taxpayers  so the Christies  with Stephen  decide to go to America to find their daughter.
Temporarily  Joseph seems to forget his goals and spends his money on suits and hats  in a thinly veiled attempt to impress Shannon.
Shannon however  continues her work and mocks Joseph s prized hats.
The pair have a spat.
It becomes obvious.
Joseph is upset that he s not managed to gain Shannon s approval or admiration.
Shannon begins to question Joseph.
He replies angrily.
He easily earns money and will continue to do so.
He spitefully tells her.
He earns more money than she could ever dream.
She retorts and disappears.
She could earn just as much.
Later  right  Joseph searches for Shannon  but is unable to find her.
He s directed.
She is there.
Rushing  he discovers.
She has become a burlesque dancer to earn more money.
He attempts to ignore the men pushing him and covers Shannon with his jacket  demanding.
She stop dancing.
The men around plead to fight.
He can finish.
The Irish men backing Joseph offer him a small fortune.
Shannon   urges him to do it.
Who previously scorned boxing.
It would be enough money to leave and fulfill their wish of traveling to get land.
Joseph agrees and begins to fight a large Italian fighter.
All goes well.
Completely forgetting the fight  Joseph pushes his way.
The Italian then beats Joseph.
He is pushed back.
He is then thrown out.
Joseph lost the fight.
Joseph wakes up and sees Stephen Chase asking drunkards.
They ve seen Shannon.
Joseph runs.
Shannon had saved.
They take the money and throw Joseph and Shannon out  then tell the owner of the whorehouse.
If she let them stay even one night  it will be shut down.
Cold and famished  they become desperate enough to enter a seemingly abandoned house.
Joseph shows signs  knowing.
Shannon has suffered and deserves a better life.
He encourages her to pretend and offers to serve her.
The house is hers.
She s moved  but begs him to join her instead  and pretend.
They are married.
The house is theirs.
They declare.
They ` pretend  to love each other and kiss.
The owners of the house return and chase them away from the property  shooting Shannon in the back in the process.
Joseph brings Shannon.
Stephen scolds him.
Shannon is.
He could climb and be with her.
Deciding Shannon will be better cared  Joseph leaves Shannon despite his obvious feelings for her.
He heads west on the Transcontinental Railroad  seemingly abandoning his dream of owning land.
Joseph is confronted one day by his father in a dream  and is reminded of his desire to own land.
Joseph decides to join the wagon trains and arrives just in time for the Land Run of.
Will enable him to finally reach his goal.
Shannon  now healthy and obviously well taken care  is also there.
He discovers.
She arrived  riding the very rails he built.
She offers him luck.
They part.
Stephen   warns Joseph.
Who witnesses the exchange.
He will kill him if he goes.
Arriving late  Joseph is forced to choose between two horses  the unruly stallion and the broken but slow horse.
He chooses the broken horse.
It falls over and dies  he then is forced to ride the unruly horse.
The day   Shannon gives him some advice  quickly ushered away by an unhappy Stephen.
Joseph struggles to stay and is ridiculed by Stephen.
Joseph  frustrated  punches it and is able to ride it.
The horse wo nt listen.
Joseph chases after Shannon and Stephen  knowing and has already found a very rich spot of land to claim.
Stephen has broken the law.
Shannon falls off her horse.
Trying to get down a hill.
Joseph rushes.
Angered  Stephen races back towards them  instead of his goal  the land  and attempts to shoot him.
They have a brief fight.
Joseph manages to knock the gun and throw him from his horse.
Shannon encourages Joseph to continue the race.
He hesitates.
Joseph is ready to plant his flag.
Stephen rushes over.
They have another fight.
Which Joseph falls and is crushed by a horse.
Shannon rushes and finally rejects Stephen.
When he questions her actions.
Stephen leaves.
Shannon is left to try to keep Joseph alive.
Joseph finally confesses.
He loves her.
The land means nothing.
Was so important.
He seems to die.
Shannon mourns  crying over his body.
She tells him.
She had always loved him.
This suddenly revives him  similar.
They happily drive their flag and claim their prized land together.
<EOS>
Porky is informed.
His beloved Train the 13 -LCB- -LCB- frac -RCB- -RCB- named ` Toots  is to be replaced by the name of ` The Silver Fish.
Porky mutters.
His train could easily take.
The driver agrees.
Ends. 
A battered ` Toots  is.
<EOS>
The story begins -- Earl  Rocco  and Carlito -- controlling their criminal empire within their cell.
They all look to control the drug trade in Harlem.
Is currently.
Rocco takes them.
Who at first is reluctant to work  but who eventually cuts a deal with them in heroin distribution.
The friends also meet Artie s son  Artie Jr.
Soon  Earl s troubled younger brother Reggie joins them.
Offers to shake hands.
Carlito  Reggie turns him down  saying my brother was doing fine without you.
Artie Jr.
Insults Reggie  spurring Reggie to curse him and spit in his face.
Artie Jr.
Assaults Reggie.
The fight is broken up.
Carlito urges Reggie to wait.
And his crew leave.
The mobsters leave  only to be cornered by them outside.
Artie Jr.
Attempts to kill Reggie by cutting his tongue out.
Carlito is restrained.
Rocco pulls up and tells Artie Jr.
To let him go  reasoning.
They will take care.
Carlito also meets a young lady named Leticia and meets her brother Sigfredo.
Carlito is then introduced as a booker.
Sigfredo knowing who.
Which leads.
What Carlito really is and does.
38 Special Colt Detective Special revolver  Sigfredo then has to leave and take his family as well to prevent himself any danger.
Reggie.
Who Earl asked to take care of.
Outside  with the help of two other thugs.
He leaves Artie Jr.
Reggie gets the ransom.
But he is released by police and returns to his family.
The Bottolotta Family blames Carlito  Rocco  and Earl.
Who left  for assisting Reggie in the kidnapping.
Artie Sr.
Puts out a contract until Reggie.
His men are dead.
The hitman contracted to kill them  Nacho Reyes  and Hollywood Nicky s driver help them find the two hoodlums.
Who were.
Nacho tortures the two men.
They give their dismembered body parts.
Carlito and Nacho find Reggie  along with Earl.
Who flew back.
The four men draw guns  Nacho holding two.
357 Magnum Colt Python revolvers & Carlito holding a.
38 Special Smith & Wesson Model 64 revolver and Reggie threatens Carlito  preparing to fire.
Earl chooses Carlito  and murders his brother  sobbing over his body afterwards.
Nacho leaves.
Carlito  Earl and Rocco work  dealing heroin.
The Bottolottas have them deal heroin  and then dismiss the three.
Carlito and Earl pay off the N.
Y.
P.
D.
The team led  feared cops in Harlem to raid and kill the entire Bottolotta Family.
Carlito  Rocco and Earl fly with Earl for his wedding.
Earl retires.
Carlito reunites  retiring temporarily.
<EOS>
A young dentist working starts to become attracted to a violent inmate after the break-up of her marriage  and embarks upon an illicit affair with him.
<EOS>
Nino Culotta is an Italian immigrant  newly arrived.
He expected to work as a sports writer for an Italian magazine.
Discovers the magazine  leaving a substantial debt to Kay Kelly.
The cousin has abandoned.
Nino declares.
He will get a job and pay back the debt.
Working becomes mates with his co-workers  despite some difficulties with Australian slang and culture of the.
Nino endeavours to understand the aspirational values and social rituals  and assimilate.
A romantic attraction builds despite her frosty exterior and her conservative Irish father s dislike of Italians.
A tone exists in the film between Anglo-Saxon/Anglo-Irish characters such as Kay Kelly s dad Harry and Nino.
This is undermined.
When Nino  sitting notices a picture of the pope on the wall.
Nino says  then he s a dago.
I m a dago.
Realising the impossibility  Harry gives in.
<EOS>
Beavis and Butt-head introduce the film.
The opening sequence features the cast lining up and then being attacked.
The opening sequence  as well as many  were filmed with Phantom high speed cameras.
Shoot. 
Jackass 3D follows the same premise.
It is a compilation  and has no plot.
Some included tether ball being played with a beehive filled with Africanized bees  a tooth being pulled out with a Lamborghini  using super mighty glue to take off chest hair and much more.
The final stunt includes Steve-O being launched.
The closing skit is done  but uses explosions.
Objects are thrown to the tune of Tchaikovsky s 1812 Overture.
The cast members are flushed away.
The explosions are finished.
Comedian Rip Taylor makes an appearance before the credits roll  celebrating the end of the film in overly dramatic fashion.
A retrospective is shown with clips from the original show along with old photographs of cast and crew set to Weezer s Memories  the film s single.
Knoxville s daughter  Madison  is also seen  joining in on the prank fun.
<EOS>
Lee is engaged to marry Larry Adams  a spendthrift widower  son Chase and daughter Penny.
Lee had been living with her guardian aunt.
Who did nt approve since Larry was an alcoholic.
She meets Chris Matthews  a close friend.
Returning on an ocean liner.
She marries Larry  and moves to his farm in Rhode Island.
Larry s talent is playing the piano.
He teaches Penny.
He gave up this ambition to work  to please his father.
This frustrated ambition has ruined his life.
Lee tries to confront his alcoholism.
Trying to win Penny s confidence.
Larry dies  his body found.
Lee is out with Chris.
He had committed suicide.
It is reported.
Larry had embezzled money.
Lee sends Chris away and moves the family away  to New York.
Where she takes a job to pay off Larry s debts  and withholds the truth  wanting to shield her from the stigma of scandal.
Penny makes a hero.
Who she believes died  and is unable to embrace Lee  who is now left to look after them alone.
Ten years later  Penny   is the patient.
Who behaves strangely  has dropped out and plays the piano incessantly for her father s memory when nobody else is around.
Lee goes to see him  concerned.
The story up is recalled in flashback.
The doctor advises.
They move back  since that is where the death occurred.
He believes.
Confronting the past will help cure Penny.
Chase returns after three years and seeks a job with Chris.
Who now owns a shipyard.
He introduces Penny.
They all move  together with Chase s friend Kay Burns.
Where Chris reenters Lee s life.
Lee realizes.
It was Chris she loved all along and let get away.
Once  Penny becomes disenchanted with her father s memory.
When Chase tells her the truth  and becomes despondent  feeling that Chris is the only person she can confide in.
She loves Chris  and is devastated.
Brandon is interested.
When she finds him.
Penny then tries to kill herself.
Larry had done.
Lee intervenes to prevent it.
The healing process begins.
Penny is finally able to embrace Lee.
When Lee tells Penny the complete story.
Penny graduates  having adopted Chris as her father  and resumes her romance with Brandon.
<EOS>
The film tells the story.
Who   alienates his wife and child by deserting them and moving away into the remote wilderness of Washington state.
Mark Lambert decides to rejoin civilized society and find his now teenage son.
Who is living.
Mark Lambert quickly finds himself unprepared for the changes.
He must face.
<EOS>
Rudy and Mogie Yellow Lodge are Lakota Sioux brothers in Wounded Knee  South Dakota.
Mogie is a severe alcoholic.
Rudy is a police officer trying to take care of the town through the hands of law.
Rudy tries to help his brother.
Mogie is resistant  choosing to drink and make jokes about the depressed state of their people and town.
Rudy had been bitten by a spider.
Mogie told him  this spider.
It was Iktomi  the trickster spider.
Rudy s attempts to help begin to wander.
He finds the bloodied  dead body.
When Rudy is sent to an abandoned house.
Who has been kicked.
He sees a person.
They run away.
He can identify them.
Chasing  Rudy trips and falls head first onto a rock  knocking him more into the confusion.
The trickster spider had started as child.
Rudy s friend tells him.
Rudy begins to think.
Something has gotten when he becomes a vigilante.
He sees a teenage boy wearing the same shoes.
Who ran away  and secretly follows the boy and his friend.
He hears them talking.
Whether to dispose.
Disguising himself  Rudy sneaks up on the boys with a baseball bat and viciously beats their kneecaps  announcing himself as the ghost of the boy.
They murdered.
Afterwards   he again sees Iktomi.
Washing the paint.
Next  a camera crew visits the town to report.
A liquor store is sucking out of miserable alcoholic Indians from the reservation.
The subject angers Rudy into going to the liquor store in the middle of the night  again with a painted face  and setting the building on fire.
He does nt realize.
His brother is sleeping.
Mogie escapes and survives  but is burned and severely scarred  and spends some time.
Realizing  Rudy visits a friend to get instructions.
He almost killed his brother.
To deal.
The doctors discover.
His health is rapidly deteriorating.
Have dinner.
He is released.
Mogie brings up American Horse  an Oglala Indian.
Who testified.
This conversation brings up the story.
Rudy tells.
Wracked  Rudy tells Mogie.
He started the fire.
Mogie replies.
The one thing he can do to make up is blow the nose off of George Washington s face on Mount Rushmore.
Rudy calls the idea crazy  and says.
He wo nt do it.
Rudy gets.
A police call saying that a man is stuck.
He arrives to find Mogie s drinking partner dead  having been caught in a bear trap  with the owners of the house standing over him.
The mother says.
They put the bear trap out to catch burglars.
The family seems to have no remorse.
He seeks revenge.
When Mogie finds out the story.
He goes with a gun and aims it at the father  Mogie decides not to pull the trigger.
He sits  but after a child appears in the room.
He visits his father to find him drunk and in very poor condition.
He and Rudy take Mogie.
Mogie is discovered to have pneumonia.
He must stay.
Rudy  Herbie  and Aunt Helen stay.
Mogie dies.
A ceremony is held.
Rudy receives a letter  written from Mogie  asking him to take care of Herbie.
He died.
Rudy finds out.
The liquor store is being rebuilt to be twice as big.
He buys a large can and drives to Mount Rushmore.
He climbs.
Standing  he ponders  he once again sees Iktomi crawling across the paint can.
Whether his plan is stupid  but before he can change his mind.
Seeing this  he makes his tribute to Mogie.
That it drips down the side.
He sees a hitchhiker.
Looks just and laughs.
Skins depicts the bond and the effects of the destruction in Native American history on their lives today.
To help his family and his people.
His people and family are.
<EOS>
Englishman A.
J.
Fothergill is recruited to spy on Russia for the British government.
He can speak the language fluently.
He infiltrates a revolutionary group led by Axelstein.
The radicals try to blow up General Gregor Vladinoff  the father.
The would-be assassin is shot  but manages to reach Peter s apartment.
When the attempt fails.
Where he dies.
Peter is sent to Siberia.
World War I makes Alexandra a widow and brings the Bolsheviks  freeing Peter and Axelstein.
Alexandra is arrested.
When the Russian Civil War breaks out.
Peter is assigned to take her to Petrograd to stand trial.
However  Peter instead takes her.
Their relief is short-lived  the Red Army defeats the White the next day.
Alexandra is taken captive once more.
Peter steals a commission and uses the document to free her.
The two  now deeply  flee into the forest.
Later  they catch a train.
The countess is identified by one Communist official.
Another  Poushkoff  an overly sensitive young man  is entranced.
Insisting  he arranges to take her and Fothergill.
Her identity be verified.
They become good friends.
Poushkoff becomes overwrought.
He then allows the couple to escape  committing suicide to provide a diversion.
The lovers board a barge traveling down the Volga River.
Alexandra becomes seriously ill.
He is arrested for not having papers.
When Peter goes.
Meanwhile  a Red Cross doctor finds Alexandra and takes her.
Peter makes a break for it and catches the Red Cross train transporting Alexandra out of Russia.
<EOS>
Ann Haven  an aging movie actress  receives an urgent wire demanding.
She immediately return to star in a new film.
She is not thrilled  but decides to go anyway.
She plans to leave New York by train  bringing along her bold young daughter  Barbara.
Unfortunately  the train is full.
To stow away.
The berth belongs from Harvard  Ollie J.
Thrumm.
He ends up boarding the train.
Romance and complications ensue -- Johnny Pizer.
<EOS>
The film is.
Who spends his summer.
His older sister Megan is coming.
Bob owns a management bureau.
He has money problems and owes 10000 dollars.
He starts and ends his day with a bottle of Jack Daniels  even in his.
Tony wants his money back and sends his nephew and two collectors.
Bob is still.
When the Mafia arrive.
Kevin sees the three thugs entering the house to take $ 15 thousand.
Tony is very pissed  so Bob takes his niece and nephew out of the house.
Kevin offers to help his uncle.
Megan gets.
When she goes.
The bad guys recognize her and want to kidnap her.
Bob and Kevin   arrive just.
Who were looking.
Kevin takes out the thugs  but then comes The Animal  a big  very large though guy.
And then comes Don.
The Dragon Wilson to save the day.
<EOS>
The film documents the development  tracing its origins from the tribal warfares of the Philippines to its practice among international martial artists.
It include interviews in reenactments.
<EOS>
A group head to the Placid Pines Cemetery for a midnight game of hide and seek.
Eric is chosen to be the seeker  and begins to count.
His eyes closed as the friends spread out.
He sees a masked  knife-wielding man approaching.
He opens his eyes.
He begins to run away  looking back to see the masked man stab one of his friends.
He keeps running and slips  impaling himself.
The friends gather around.
He bleeds.
Their practical joke has gone horribly wrong.
Five years later  Michelle testifies  apparently  Bobby was charged with manslaughter.
The other friends were let off.
Michelle  Bobby s former lover  has organized a reunion at a campsite near the Placid Pines Cemetery in hopes of bringing closure to the horrific accident.
Occurred earlier.
Bobby is reticent.
We learn the status was in on.
The friends meet up.
Where they are greeted.
Whom Michelle strikes a good rapport.
Meanwhile   we see a bloodied man tied to a chair  awakening only to be brutally hacked to pieces by a masked assailant.
The group reunites  making his disdain apparent to everyone.
The group decides to try to relax.
It is revealed.
Eric s family died a short while.
His girlfriend wanders off to take a shower.
She is attacked and brutally murdered.
The group then tries to locate her  and  soon  Jack is attacked by a masked man.
His screams draw the others close.
It is revealted.
The masked man is Bobby  who is chided.
A light tone returns.
Veronica is still missing  as the group returns.
However  Allie and Jake are killed.
Chaos descends.
Their bodies are discovered.
Bobby heads and is arrested  -- a body was located in the woods earlier.
The sheriff is.
Charlie accidentally electrocutes Sarah  and is subsequently bitten by a rattlesnake planted by the murderer.
Peter and Michelle frantically realize.
They are alone.
The sheriff releases Bobby and heads out to scour the woods again.
He sees an incoming fax  Peter Bishop.
Bobby leaves.
Reveals the identity.
Back  Peter reveals.
He is Adam  Eric s brother.
A psychopath  he burned down his home  using Eric s exhumed body to fake his death.
He takes Michelle and tells her to run  much like in the hide-and-seek game.
Which Eric died.
He stalks her.
She is saved.
Adam is shot.
They are unable to locate his body.
The police close in.
Some time later  Bobby and Michelle are escorted.
They sit back  glad to be safe.
The driver enters.
We see.
He is none other.
<EOS>
The film is described.
It is set  in.
Where battle dancing is permanently banned because Chief Salisbury s son was murdered when battle dancing was at its height.
With help of the secret government agency SG7  Chief Salisbury has made it his own personal mission to permanently put an end to battle dancing.
The film centers.
Micah is a very skilled dancer and is the leader.
His former best friend Jay is the leader.
Micah  Jay and their crews have been rivals  the crews have created an underground world named Boogie Town in order to continue battle dancing.
Micah then meets Jay s beautiful young sister  Natalie.
Who has just arrived home.
Natalie  unaware  invites him.
This is her brother s rival.
He accepts.
The two become a romantic couple.
She tries her best to keep their relationship a secret.
Natalie realizes that her boyfriend is her brother s biggest rival.
Natalie and Micah become a modern day Romeo and Juliet and are aware.
Both Micah and Jay have several mysterious and supernatural powers.
Chief Salisbury and the SG7 created.
A special unit called the Boogie Police  a unit that are specially trained to track down and capture anyone who is caught dance battling in New York.
The SG7 is.
They want to use their blood to create super soldiers.
Natalie then explains.
She knows he is a Herculean and tells him to go see a man named Genesis  and that he will answer all his questions.
Micah takes the number and goes to see him.
He gets no answers.
Instead Genesis tells him.
He is not ready yet and that when he is  he will see him then.
The respectful rivalry  goes past battle dancing and becomes a dangerous war.
When Jay finds out that his young sister Natalie is having a romantic relationship.
She was banned on seeing Micah.
She knocked his brother down.
She used her water power  called wendy wu fu shu water bending skill.
Unfortunately she knocked herself out too.
She was already imprisoned by his brother.
Who turns out to be Hades.
<EOS>
Empty nest syndrome sets in.
Luther Krank and Nora Krank see their daughter  Blair depart on the Sunday following Thanksgiving.
Luther calculates the couple spent $ 6132 and  not looking forward to celebrating Christmas without their daughter  he suggests they invest the money usually spent on decorations  gifts  and entertainment and treat themselves to a ten-day Caribbean cruise instead.
Skeptical  Nora finally agrees under the condition.
They still give a donation.
Luther tries to refuse but finally agrees.
They begin planning the trip.
The Kranks are amazed to discover.
They are considered pariahs.
Most vocal are neighbors Vic Frohmeyer and Walt Scheel.
Vic   organizes a campaign to force the Kranks to decorate their home.
Who s the unelected leader.
Hemlock Street wo nt lose the coveted award.
Walt does nt seem to like Luther  so his efforts are primarily personal.
However  it is revealed  perhaps dampening his holiday spirits.
Walt s wife Bev is suffering.
Children picket  led  neighbors constantly call.
Christmas carolers try to revive the Kranks  holiday spirit.
Luther stops them.
Even the newspaper gets by publishing a front page story complete with a photograph of the unlit Krank house and states and won sixth place because of.
The Kranks  street has lost the prize.
Luther and Nora refused to decorate their house.
Still  Luther and Nora continue to stand their ground.
The two are morning.
When they receive a call.
She s anxious to introduce Enrique.
A panicked Nora says yes  much.
When she asks if they re having their usual party that night.
Comic chaos ensues finds themselves trying to decorate the house and coordinate a party with only twelve hours to spare.
Their daughter and future son-in-law arrive.
Luther buys a tree.
Nora scrambles to find food  especially Blair s favorite ham.
They only have one left  a dead  ugly  non-green tree.
Luther buys it anyway but rejects it.
Luther arranges to borrow the tree.
Spike leads a picket.
Who is going away.
Luther and Spike try to transport it for the neighbors to confuse this to be Luther stealing the family s Christmas tree  and to be stopped by the police.
Who assume they have stopped a robbery.
Spike comes.
Nora comes home enraged for making the borrowed Christmas tree a Disaster and.
She had to buy Smoked Trout to replace the honey ham.
The neighbors  led  come out full force to help him and Nora ready it for Blair.
It is established why Luther is trying frantically to decorate his home.
Blair calls to say.
She landed.
Luther tries to convince Nora to accept the cruise.
When she confronts him.
She refuses  disgusted.
He is nt happy that Blair s home.
Luther sadly slips out and goes across the street to the Scheel home.
Bev s cancer  once  has returned and  knowing  Luther insists they take the cruise in place of him.
This may be their last holiday together.
Nora  going so far as to offer to take care  Muffles.
Who s always.
They decline  but ultimately they accept his generosity.
Luther   realizes.
Whose holiday spirit has been renewed.
Skipping Christmas was nt as good an idea as he had originally thought.
<EOS>
I dedicate these pictures.
Can never reveal the extent.
Two travellers arrived.
Bernard  what they saw on top.
Which a modern-time castle stands.
The travellers  MAN RAY  J.
- A.
Boiffard.
The film opens to two masked individuals at a cafe.
They decide their actions.
A throw will never abolish chance.
The hands are that  their faces devoid of detail.
Their destination appears on a hillside in the form of both modern and ancient castles.
Are we going.
Departing  they travel through the French countryside arriving a the town of Hyeres and their destination to find the modern castle empty.
Elements explore various spatial relationships and textures.
The film shows sculptures  as well as exploring the unique Cubist garden at Villa Noailles.
We are introduced to four intruders.
Who are.
They depart for the indoor swimming pool at the villa and entertain the viewer with various diving and gymnastic movements  including a woman juggling underwater and exercising with medicine balls.
Actors explore.
The villas confines  until they eventually retire  fading.
More moving shots external until two more travellers arrive at the location  again playing for chance within the garden.
They proceed to stay overnight  bringing the film.
<EOS>
Lucy and Claire are.
Where Lucy used to work.
The two hack into the safe behind a picture.
Inside are several jewels.
Claire warns Lucy to leave  but Lucy says.
The home-owners are.
The butler is the only one  however  he is at the back of house.
She says.
They have all the time.
However  a few seconds later the butler walks in.
He sees Lucy and recognizes her  but does not see Claire  Claire whacks him  knocking him out.
Lucy tells Claire to take the jewels and give her half.
When she gets out  where she will undoubtedly go.
She heads.
Where she sees her ex-boyfriend Tom eyeing his new girlfriend Anne.
Jealous and angry  she takes a necklace.
She kept  with put anyone seeing.
The police come and ask her.
She knows.
Anne denies.
But the police find the necklace.
She is sentenced  a prison with no bars on the windows.
They rely not to just walk out.
They also do not like to call it a prison.
Everybody comes to hate the warden.
Anne   is told to help the mistress.
She was a secretary.
Anne accepts willingly.
Meanwhile  Lucy starts to pit all the girls  except for one  Marie  and is getting out in one week.
Who has served.
The girls decide to have a party.
They have pie and celebrate.
When the warden is gone.
However the warden hears the noise.
Before she leaves and goes to investigate.
Oblivious closed  Marie continues dancing around.
The warden is still.
The warden tells her.
She may have another 12 months and then takes her away.
When they go to work.
Marie has hanged herself.
The warden denies this.
When questioned about if anything she could have said indirectly have caused Marie to hang herself.
One talks to Anne and apologizes for their actions towards her and tells Anne.
She knows she s innocent.
She tells her to talk and leaves it at that.
The girls then start a riot led and the girl.
Talked earlier.
They hurt Miss Smith s arm and trash the kitchen.
The only one is Anne.
Did nt participate.
All the girls are sentenced.
Anne asks the mistress.
She can have the same punishment.
The mistress hesitantly complies.
Anne than climbs out the window and tells Tom to talk to Dear Old Margen and then turns herself into the police.
Her sentence is extended.
Tom finds Dear Old Margen  the owner.
Who reveals that Claire pawned all the jewels and told him a false story.
He checks the police record and finds all the pieces there.
He calls the police.
Who find Claire and bring her.
They also bring Lucy.
Who denies that Claire is her partner.
When she finds out that Claire pawned all the jewels.
Claire really was her accomplice.
Anne is released.
<EOS>
Slacker is a uniquely structured and seemingly plotless film.
The film follows various characters and scenes  never staying before picking up someone else in the scene and following them.
The characters include Linklater.
Who insists the U.
S.
Has been since the 1950s  a JFK conspiracy theorist  an elderly anarchist  a serial television set collector and a woman trying to sell a Madonna pap smear.
Who befriends a man trying to rob his house.
The woman selling the pap smear appears  and was played by Butthole Surfers drummer Teresa Taylor.
Most grapple with feelings of social exclusion or political marginalization.
Are recurring themes.
They discuss social class  terrorism  joblessness  and government control.
<EOS>
The story begins.
Kato orders Ikemoto to bring the unassociated Murase-gumi gang.
He immediately passes the task.
Who runs his own crew.
<EOS>
Betty Dallas is a passenger.
Is held up.
Ranger Jim Lockhart   is.
Who is Betty s sweetheart.
There is a mortal.
The two men face one another.
<EOS>
The film begins.
She grows up.
She explains.
The two most important things are her dancing and her faith.
Her mother was always pushing her to do well.
Her father would stand and urge her on.
The person is her father.
Whom she is closest.
This comes up several times.
Her mother continues to push her to excel   then her mother begins pulling her back.
Jenny decides to pursue her dance education.
Jenny was expecting to have a scholarship to pay.
The scholarship selection committee picks another dancer.
Jenny makes a goal to get the scholarship  so she is going to work hard during this semester.
Jenny is wondering.
She is going to pay.
Her roommate  Desiree Porter  suggests.
Jenny get a job where Desiree works.
Jenny is sitting close enough to hear the conversation.
Filling out an application.
The young man is trying the telephone number.
He is talking.
Jenny notices the CTR ring.
Jenny says.
The other young woman writes down her phone number and leaves.
He s the first Mormon that she s met.
He comes over.
She tells.
She could tell.
He introduces himself and invites her to attend the local ward.
He says.
When he finds out that she s.
He s already dated Utah.
His goal   is a woman from all 50 states.
He gets married.
Paul is and is a film student at NYU.
He thinks.
Filming Jenny would make an excellent film project for him.
He says.
It wo nt be twenty-four hours  but only at times and places that they both agree on.
We see one.
Where she is practicing dance.
Paul asks.
What her goal is.
They begin talking  while filming  and find out.
They have the same goals.
Jenny never did get any dance practice.
She sits next to another young woman in the class.
Jenny explains.
The book store was out so Jenny would like to occasionally borrow the other woman s book until the book store get more of the book in stock.
The other woman offers to study together.
They d both do better.
Jenny would nt have to buy a book.
Jenny offers to pay.
The other woman refuses.
They then introduce themselves  the other woman is named Keisha.
Just then  the class instructor enters the room  introduces himself.
Professor Schultz and the class is Philosophy.
He then invites anyone.
Who may be to leave.
Which point one man does.
He explains.
This class will not be studying the well-known philosophers but will instead be learning what the students think.
The professor offers $ 50 for someone in the class to prove.
God exists.
He sees Jenny s reaction and invites her  Keisha and two young men down to the front of the class to make an attempt  each of them will have one minute.
Jenny is first and begins somewhat timidly.
The professor challenges her statements.
Which the class breaks out.
He say.
Do nt laugh.
You wo nt think.
It s so funny when I have you down here defending your beliefs.
Jenny goes on.
We also see a brief segment of the young men during his presentation.
Keisha is the last to have her turn.
She makes a confident presentation.
The professor congratulates her  puts the $ 50 bill in his pocket and writes  I like Keisha on the blackboard.
Keisha knows why.
When one says.
Keisha says.
Belief is a matter of faith because that is the way it was designed.
Keisha says to Jenny in the hallway  A lot of people are going to lose their faith in this class.
Later   Jenny s roommate sings.
Jenny is.
Right  a young man with an acoustic guitar sings a song.
Jenny really likes.
Jenny later asks Desiree.
She says.
His name is David Schrader and that he is a drug addict.
Jenny sees Paul go in.
Walking. 
She follows.
Him inside and then sneaks around until she finds him.
Paul is playing his guitar and singing.
The people are talking to Paul.
He finishes.
Jenny tries to sneak out  but gets lost.
Paul comes up.
As she finds an outside door.
She is flustered  but eventually explains.
David is.
She saw.
Him come in so she followed him.
He explains.
A few years ago  his mother was being treated here  so he d come a week and play for the people being treated.
His mother was later released  and has since died.
He said.
Playing here has become a habit.
Jenny ends up asking him out.
They will go Dutch.
They go out.
Jenny wants to dance.
David does nt dance.
Jenny grabs some guy standing and dances with him.
She later returns to David some more.
Jenny goes over.
Keisha says  so Jenny had better not need the bathroom.
The bathroom is.
Keisha asks.
They are studying.
Where Jenny is.
Keisha laughs and asks.
When Jenny says she s.
What it s.
Keisha then says.
They are a cult.
Keisha stops and begins to apologize  Oh  you have some friends  Jenny says  and berates Keisha.
When Jenny seems shocked.
She is a Mormon.
What she had said.
Keisha then asks Jenny to leave.
Jenny comes back to apologize to Keisha for not having told her earlier.
Keisha apologizes.
What she said and offers to read a book that Jenny picks.
There are various smaller scenes.
Where it is apparent that Keisha and Jenny have become friends.
Jenny and David have several dates.
Paul continues.
Paul tells Jenny.
He s also going to be over the break.
They arrange to meet  but they find out.
Jenny is a skier.
They spend the day together and talk.
Her parents get the opportunity to get to know Paul.
Jenny gets a telephone call from David and talks to him for quite a while.
Jenny and Paul go to the freezer in the garage to put away the ice cream and some other things.
Paul kissed Jenny.
Jenny rebuffed him  distancing their relationship.
Jenny s parents are concerned.
She is dating David  someone.
They would both prefer.
She reconsider Paul.
Jenny s father waited.
Jenny s mother told her what she thought Jenny should do.
Jenny asked him what he thought.
The directory points out  gives Jenny a necklace and four Utah Jazz tickets for them and Jenny s parents.
Jenny s mother s attitude softens after he shows up at their house the next day.
The first scene is of Jenny sitting in a classroom.
Professor Shultz comes in  introduces himself  says and invites anyone to leave.
This class is Philosophy.
The same man gets up and leaves.
Left the Philosophy 101 class.
Professor Shultz s first question is to Jenny  Would you ever marry someone outside of your faith.
But Mr Rigg notices.
She is missing classes and practices.
Her dancing ability is suffering.
He tells her.
She needs to decide if she is serious or not.
Jenny decides to work extra hard to make sure to get the scholarship.
She severely sprains her ankle.
She is told.
She must stay off as much as possible.
She wo nt be able to return.
After the scholarship committee has made its choice.
Jenny and David spend more time alone in Jenny s apartment.
David and Jenny are in Jenny s apartment.
David answers the door.
It is Paul.
David is walking away just outside.
When Paul catches up and punches him in the face.
Paul then walks away.
We find out.
What nearly happened when Jenny goes.
Keisha  talking through the door  is reluctant to let Jenny in.
As soon  Keisha changes her mind.
She opens the door and sees Jenny.
Keisha introducers her young son  Spencer.
Who is asleep.
Keisha concern is.
Jenny is going to reconcile herself.
It took a pregnancy and her boyfriend leaving.
She realized that she needed to do so.
She knows.
Her faith and Jenny s agree.
Jenny knows the right thing to do.
David had started writing a song.
He gave before the Christmas break.
He finished the song and gave the rest.
But Jenny had already decided.
They needed to break up.
David interrupts her saying.
He knows that they have to break up too.
They have both recognized.
Their life-goals are too far apart.
Jenny apologizes.
David thanks her.
They went too far.
We must say goodbye now   Or we ll only say goodbye later.
Though they have chemistry now.
Vocal music is played talking with her bishop.
Jenny expects.
She will be leaving NYU the next semester because she wo nt get the scholarship.
She tells Mr Rigg.
She will miss him.
He responds  That s very sweet Ms.
Thomas.
I wo nt miss you.
You got the scholarship.
Your video presentation was very brilliant.
The video presentation showed the progress and had convinced the committee.
She had submitted.
She had made.
She deserved the scholarship.
Paul is there waiting.
When she walks outside.
He had put the film together and delivered it.
He was very glad.
It had got Jenny the scholarship.
And the good news is.
You ll qualify residency.
I do nt have ` New York  yet.
They walk off filming her  New York.
How many children will we have.
<EOS>
Donald and the bears all wave goodbye  except for Humphrey.
Who s asleep.
He and all the bears reside.
Humphrey is kicked out.
He decides to sleep by pretending to sleepwalk and sleep in Donald s bed.
Wise  Donald sets fire to Humphrey s rear end with a lantern and tries nailing him out.
Humphrey returns.
When his nose gets stuck.
Humphrey tries hiding  but retreats after being exposed to hot water.
He then hides  but again gets caught by Donald.
Who kicks him out.
Humphrey disguises himself as a baby to return to the cave   but to the other bears  disappointment.
Is a success.
Who can not sleep.
<EOS>
A woman drives along a riverbank and dumps a corpse in the river.
Dr Genessier identifies the remains.
The body is recovered.
Whose face was horribly disfigured.
Dr Genessier lives.
Is adjacent  with numerous caged German Shepherds and other large dogs.
Who had disposed.
Where the real Christiane is hidden.
The body belonged.
Died. 
Dr Genessier promises to restore Christiane s face and insists.
She wear a mask to cover her disfigurement.
Christiane calls her fiance Jacques Vernon.
Her father leaves the room.
Who works  but hangs up without saying a word.
Louise lures a young female student named Edna Gruber  by promising her accommodation from friends of hers.
Genessier chloroforms Edna and takes her.
Where he performs heterograft surgery  removing her face.
The doctor successfully grafts the skin and holds the heavily bandaged and faceless Edna against her will.
Edna escapes  but falls from an upstairs window.
Genessier notices flaws on Christiane s face.
Her face grows worse  the new tissue is being rejected.
She must resort.
Christiane again phones.
Jacques and this time says his name.
The phone call is interrupted.
Jacques reports the call.
Who have been investigating the disappearance with blue eyes and similar facial characteristics.
The police have gained a lead.
Who wears a pearl choker  whom Jacques recognizes.
Inspector Parot  an officer investigating Edna s disappearance  asks a young woman named Paulette Merodon to help investigate.
Paulette leaves for Paris and is promptly picked up by Louise.
Who delivers her.
Genessier is about to begin surgery.
When Louise informs him that the police want to see him.
Christiane   frees Paulette and stabs Louise.
The doctor talks.
Who has long been disenchanted.
She also frees the dogs and doves.
Her father uses.
Dr Genessier dismisses the police and returns.
Where the dogs attack him.
Christiane walks slowly with one of the freed doves on her hand.
<EOS>
Grant Henry a writer like The Dirty and the Dying  moonlights as a masked jewel thief.
Who is usually caught but is able to get away with his crimes by luring his female victims to bed.
The Inspector decide to lay a trap for the thief.
These women lie and seem to want to get burgled again.
<EOS>
A beautiful young woman settles into a small town in the south of France with her introverted mother and physically handicapped father and soon becomes the subject of wild speculation because of her aloofness and at the same time  her obvious sexuality.
The young woman is actually caught up.
Of whom is associated.
An attractive car mechanic is enamored.
The woman suddenly sees him.
When she learns that his father  now dead  was an Italian immigrant who owned a player piano.
Intent  the daughter begins to lose her grip on sanity.
When she finds out that the men she suspects are actually innocent.
Her father long ago exacted his own vengeance on the three rapists.
This knowledge pushes her.
She has to be institutionalized.
Meanwhile  the young mechanic misunderstands.
What has happened and sets.
The film ends.
Elle suspected.
Believing them to be responsible.
<EOS>
The hero is living.
A businessman working was a KGB special agent known as Icarus.
He tries to escape  but his identity is discovered.
He is hunted.
Edward Genn -- Icarus s real name -- fights.
<EOS>
Christmas card salesman Stan and Ollie are persuaded to help a woman spice by making her husband jealous.
The spouse involved  a temperamental artist played  is however made rather too jealous for comfort  and puts Ollie in peril.
When he challenges him and pledges to track him to the end of the world if he does not show up.
Stan and Ollie discuss the challenge.
It occurs  so Ollie complacently telephones him to inform him.
The husband can not know where they live.
He will not be there.
They both insult him.
They then get drunk.
The police are called and finding the artist s business card in Ollie s pocket  they take them to the couples apartment and dump them on their bed to sleep it off.
They are discovered.
When Stan starts snoring.
Pistols are produced but the wife tells Ollie.
She has replaced the bullets.
The husband shoots.
Who plays dead.
The pair then run and manage to give him the slip.
The film ends.
<EOS>
A young woman wakes.
The narrator invites us to explore the horrors.
We follow her  Again the young woman wakes up.
Whom he panders.
Was it only another nightmare.
<EOS>
Drew Baylor is the designer  -RSB- a folktale told to others.
His boss informs him will lose $ 972 million and is a disaster.
Makes other people feel more alive because it did nt happen.
Drew s girlfriend Ellen breaks up.
He is fired.
Drew goes  defeated  and attempts to commit suicide.
His sister Heather phones to tell Drew.
Their father has just died.
He needs to go  to bring the body back home.
Drew s sister and mother tell him.
They wish to cremate his father s body.
A quick-witted flight attendant  Claire  gives him a free seat in First Class.
He declines.
She insists.
She does nt want to have to walk all the way back to Coach just.
Claire   starts pestering Drew to get to know him.
Who is energetic  charming  and knows how to read people.
She knows Kentucky well and draws him a map.
The roads are hopelessly and gloriously confusing.
She also jots her phone number.
A boy leads him.
When he arrives.
Where Drew s cousin is waiting.
Various members greet him as the California boy.
His family had only lived before moving to Oregon.
Drew meets with relatives at his Aunt Dora s house  realizing.
He has a huge loving extended family.
Drew settles.
Is hosting a special event called Chuck and Cindy  The Wedding.
The hotel is a mess.
Drew is pleasantly surprised in his room.
States lovin  life.
Exhausted  Drew attempts to call home but receives no answer.
He also calls his ex-girlfriend Ellen and receives no answer.
Finally  he remembers  calls her.
Claire gave him her number.
Everybody else calls him back.
She picks up.
Ellen officially breaks up.
His sister informs him.
His mother wo nt stop moving as she attempts to learn how to cook  how to tap dance  and fix the car.
Claire stays.
They talk all night  connecting.
When Drew returns.
Claire drives to meet Drew to see the sunrise.
Claire leaves to Hawaii.
Drew meets his family.
Where they would like his father s body buried.
Drew insists.
He returns.
Claire surprises him and takes him  starting by helping him pick out an urn for his father.
Drew is clearly attracted as well.
She continues to claim.
She has a boyfriend who is a professor and is married.
Drew is spending time at his Aunt Dora s house.
He sees a photo.
He suddenly regrets his choice and runs to the mortuary to stop.
The cremation but arrives too late and is given an urn containing his father s ashes.
Drew returns.
They talk and conclude.
They are not right.
They kiss and end up spending the night together.
Drew tells her about his failure and.
He does nt want to be anymore.
She belittles the huge failure  making.
Him realize that he s just upset.
Disappointed  Claire says.
She ll try to meet him.
Drew s mother and sister arrive.
His mother  Hollie  talks  comically  lightening the mood  and lifting a grudge.
Various acquaintances speak.
The family has always held for taking Mitch away.
Then she does a.
Drew s cousin  along  begin to play the classic Lynyrd Skynyrd song Free Bird.
The stage prop  a large paper dove  catches  setting off alarms and causing emergency water sprinklers to go off.
Everyone flees.
Claire had shown up and given Drew a special map to guide him.
Claire helps evacuate the room.
Then she disappears.
Drew assumes.
He ll never see her again.
Claire s map is very elaborate  guiding him home.
There are notes.
He should visit.
He spreads some of his father s ashes.
Drew comes to terms with his father and begins to talk to his urn  stating.
They should have taken this trip together years ago.
Finally  the directions come.
Where he is given two choices -- to continue home or to finish the journey Claire laid out.
Drew chooses to use her route.
He is instructed to go in The World.
There is a note telling him to look.
He finds the girl.
Who turns out to be Claire.
The film ends.
<EOS>
John Baker Jr.
Is a boy bored class boarding school  and the prospect of his future running the family grocery store chain.
He no longer sees the point  stating or skipping the whole class.
What s the difference if he gets a zero attendance.
He might as well skip the class.
Now close to graduating  his life is turned upside down.
When he rescues Patty Vare  a young woman he finds lying unconscious.
Patty regains consciousness that evening.
She stays awake long enough to tell him.
Then passes out and does not awaken.
Seemingly recovered completely and grateful  the two begin a romantic voyage of.
There are continuous flashbacks of Vare s past  showing her with a famous baseball player with.
Whom she steals a car  leading up.
Vare has admitted all this to Baker and informed the authorities of the location of the body and the car.
Both Baker and Vare begin to say goodbye he had earlier stolen from the school.
When they unexpectedly jump to escape from Baker s controlling father  and drive off with a car.
<EOS>
The story revolves by Jim Gaffigan  Michael Rispoli and Victor Varnado.
The unlikely band travel to a comedy and poultry festival in the country to exercise their art.
Later  a follow-up gives a summary.
Everyone has progressed.
The outtakes section runs in tandem with the credits for around 5 minutes.
<EOS>
Bugs wakes up to find.
A burly construction worker has just shoveled up his rabbit hole.
Bugs kindly asks the construction worker to put his hole back.
The worker simply dumps Bugs and the dirt.
Bugs angrily shouts Hey  you big gorilla.
But a  Bugs calls him  and then plays with the elevator controls.
When the worker exits the crane.
The worker is.
Bugs then impersonates the project engineer and orders the worker to make a high brick wall.
Next  Bugs traps the worker  removing bricks one by one  causing it to tip forward.
The worker  desperate not to fall  strips down.
Ultimately  the worker falls.
However  the worker manages to get the better  knocking him out temporarily with a steel girder and causing Bugs to dumbly sleepwalk through a harrowing series of moving girders and other objects  finally regaining his senses.
When he falls.
This infuriates Bugs.
When Bugs recovers and sees the worker taking the lunch and sending the hapless man back to work.
Bugs takes a look  then drops a single red-hot rivet down a hole.
Bounces around  until it burns through a rope holding up a giant steel pipe.
The pipe then falls.
The worker finally waves the white flag.
The next shot is  with a slight indentation in the middle.
Bugs sits in his hole - the building has been built around it - and declares  After all  a man s home is his castle.
<EOS>
Three friends face mid-life crises.
Paul is a writer.
Who s blocked.
Francois has lost his ideals and practices medicine  his wife grows distant  even hostile.
The charming Vincent  everyone s favorite  faces bankruptcy  his mistress leaves him.
His wife   wants a divorce.
Whom he s separated.
<EOS>
Loren Collins got fired from the US Navy.
Where he was learning to be a Chef.
Too poor to pay.
He went and got.
<EOS>
A melodrama based.
A widow has an affair with a servant and bears him a son.
The widow s in-laws drive the servant and his son away.
She can not acknowledge him.
A man  the widow s son comes to visit her  but  bound that she must remain celibate after her husband s death.
<EOS>
A gangster  prepares to take part in the first psychological hold-up in the history of crime.
Next door  on the Croisette  in Cannes  the find the shop of a beautiful antiques dealer.
Who befriends the group.
The driver and the antiques dealer fall.
He is friendly but unrefined  she is cultivated and independent  but discovers.
Talking shows up her vanity.
She desires a simple and clean love.
The hold-up is shown to be more sophisticated.
Had been planned by the driver.
<EOS>
The film is set.
Regis Mohawk Reservation and the Quebec border.
Ray Eddy is a discount store clerk struggling to raise two sons.
Who has disappeared.
She encounters Lila Littlewolf  a Mohawk bingo-parlor employee.
Searching. 
Who is driving his car.
She claims she found abandoned.
The two women   form a desperate and uneasy alliance and begin trafficking illegal immigrants into the United States across the frozen St.
Who have fallen.
Lawrence River per crossing.
Ray s older son T.
J.
Wants to find a job and help support the family.
They can afford to eat something more substantial.
He and his mother clash over and look or drop out to work.
Whether he should remain.
To make matters worse  T.
J.
Sets an outside corner afire with a torch in an attempt to unfreeze the water pipe.
Lila longs.
She will be able to reclaim and live.
They hope to avoid detection.
The women s route takes them to an Indian reserve in Canada.
However  their problems escalate.
When they are asked to smuggle a Pakistani couple.
Ray  fearful  leaves it behind  only to discover.
Their duffel bag might contain explosives.
It contained their infant baby when they arrive.
She and Lila retrace their route and find the bag and the baby.
Lila insists is dead  but which she revives moments.
The experience leaves her shaken.
She announces.
She no longer wants to participate.
But Ray  needing just one more crossing to finance the down payment  coerces her into joining her for one last journey.
They pick up two Asian women.
Ray successfully threatens him.
When the club owner tries to short them.
The irate club owner retaliates.
When she is re-entering her car.
Shaken  her fast and erratic driving catches the attention.
Ray tries to elude capture.
Where one breaks through the ice.
The four women abandon the vehicle and take refuge.
The tribal head decides to excommunicate Lila due to her smuggling history.
The police are demanding a scapegoat.
Involved the death.
Surprised then saddened  Lila gives in to Ray s pleas to go free for the sake of her children.
However  running  Ray has a fit of conscience and returns.
She gives her share to Lila with instructions for taking care of her sons and seeing through purchase plans for a trailer home.
She and the illegal immigrants are surrendered.
A trooper speculates.
She will have to serve four months.
She calls her son T.
J.
To explain what has happened.
Lila pushes her way and reclaims her infant son.
She and the baby show up.
J.
Is still.
J.
Completes the welding.
He pedals the carousel.
Lila smiles on.
A truck nears carrying the new trailer home.
<EOS>
Expecting only the basic pressures finds himself the fearful adversary of the school s most imperious  sardonic contracts professor  Charles W.
Kingsfield Jr.
Their relationship grows even more complex.
When the young man discovers that the woman he is dating  Susan Fields  is his professor s daughter.
Graham Beckel  Edward Herrmann  and James Naughton.
The film is an extremely faithful adaptation.
It adds two revelations  Hart s first name and middle initial  and the final grade.
Hart got.
Hart makes a paper airplane out of his final report card  and sends it sailing into the Atlantic Ocean without looking at it.
Kingsfield s words  You teach yourselves the law.
I train your minds.
You come with a skull full of mush  you leave thinking like a lawyer.
<EOS>
Lucy is a university student  She volunteers at the university medical research lab performing an experimental activity  works as a cleaner/server at a coffee shop  and makes photocopies at an unnamed office.
Who holds a number.
Where she swallows an esophageal balloon.
She also is seen.
She has a room.
Where her landlord obviously does nt like her.
She spends her time visiting an aloof man  Birdmann.
Who is attracted although she does nt return the affection - though she does appear happier with him than at any other time.
She serves him breakfast cereal  while pouring herself a glass as well.
She gets a call from her mother asking for money.
This request appears expected.
Lucy rattles a credit card number off.
Her supervisor looks on.
Lucy concludes her brief exchange.
She seems  nor does Lucy offer an apology or explanation.
Uncomfortable and slightly surprised however does not prompt Lucy for an explanation.
Lucy responds and is invited to meet with Clara   freelance silver service in lingerie provided by her group.
Who describes the job.
Lucy agrees.
Clara tells her.
She will never be penetrated.
She lies.
To do silver service waitressing.
Clara accepts her anyway.
Clara says  and refers as such for the rest of the film.
She will call Lucy.
Lucy is seen getting beauty treatments and showing off her silver-service pouring skills before arriving for the event.
She is the only girl dressed.
Mostly covers her breasts.
The event is a formal dinner party.
Lucy serves drinks and is excused after having served brandy to the guests.
She is intentionally tripped  smashing the brandy bottle.
She is about to leave.
As the party turns.
She goes home.
She made  counts out her rent  then burns one banknote.
Lucy s personal life begins changing.
Birdmann confesses.
He s not going to make it  begging off detox when Lucy suggests it.
Lucy asks.
Birdmann will marry her  to which he casually replies yes.
It becomes clear.
Neither is sincere  and that this is more of a running joke.
Lucy gets a call from Clara s assistant Thomas for a different request.
Lucy is driven.
Where Clara informs her that she ll drink some tea and then fall.
Later we see Lucy lying.
Clara leads.
He recollects having recently re-read a short story by Ingeborg Bachmann  about a man.
Who strived to escape his life but could not do so.
He compares his life  stating.
All are broken and that he will soon need Clara s help.
He strips  caresses Lucy s body  and cuddles up next.
Clara reminds the man.
The scene fades.
Lucy is evicted from her room.
She rents a much more expensive apartment  taking on the lease before even seeing the place.
She also asks Thomas.
He could help her getting more jobs.
Birdmann calls her  he has overdosed on drugs.
She visits him.
He dies.
She takes off her shirt and gets with him  crying but making no effort to help him.
Lucy talks to a former acquaintance and blandly asks him  echoing her earlier casual banter with Birdmann.
He ll marry her.
He believes her to be sincere and is dumbfounded.
He refuses  citing a previous failed relationship  his new relationship  and several character flaws.
Is working well.
He observes.
He tells her to Fuck -LSB- herself -RSB- and to try courtesy.
Lucy raises her glass.
She is fired from her office job.
Lucy then buys a small concealable camera  and tests it during one of her classes.
She takes drugs  goes night swimming with him  and wakes up naked in her apartment with him in the bed next to her.
She is late.
Who has already sent a car to retrieve her.
She is hung over  and vomits to the mansion.
She lies  saying.
Lucy arrives.
Then asks Clara.
She can see what happens while she is asleep.
Clara refuses  saying.
It will put her clients and that no exceptions are made.
Right  she awakes  and removes the small camera.
She had concealed.
Staggering  she is able to place the camera and return to bed before being found out.
The client is once again the first man.
This time he also drinks the tea.
Clara comes in and checks the man s pulse  showing no surprise.
When he can not be awakened.
She then tries but is at first unable to do so  eventually having to use mouth-to-mouth resuscitation.
Lucy wakes and  discovering  screams.
The naked man lying is dead.
The movie ends.
Lucy had installed.
<EOS>
Several people are gathered.
Noreen  a waitress  Lonnie  a cop  Jimmy  the owner  Billy and Starr  a couple  a quiet man.
The radio is turned on and tells.
Noreen is shocked  wondering.
Someone could kill children.
She talks.
Who reveals his wife died two years ago.
Then she goes back to Lonnie and Hank  complaining about her lazy husband.
The cop flirtatiously offers to run away  but is rebuffed.
A man comes in and sits.
He gets angry.
When his order is denied.
Jimmy yells to leave.
He does nt like it.
Noreen not so stealthily gets Lonnie  and suggests.
The man could be the killer.
The cop does not believe her.
The man approaches them to ask.
Noreen spills it betraying her nervousness.
Hank asks Lonnie to check out the man.
Questioned  the man is antagonistic  belittles Lonnie and just wants to be left alone.
Angry  Lonnie pulls a gun and demands answers  asking.
He drives a black truck.
Hank confirms.
The man drives a red truck.
Lonnie regrets his actions and apologizes  and explains.
The man pays and leaves.
Hank smokes.
Noreen and John talk.
But the man comes back and kills Lonnie and Jimmy.
He points it Noreen s face  but does nt shoot.
Noreen begs him not.
The man assembles the five remaining characters and demands their wallets  keys and cellphones.
Noreen tries to keep one  but gets caught.
Hank is ordered to drag Lonnie s body out.
He does nt want  but does after being threatened.
Afterwards  he says.
There are likely only 8 bullets and 7 shells in his shotgun.
Hank wants everyone to rush him  but John is too scared.
Greene comes in.
The man threatens him  but Greene stays cool and flippant  asking him.
He finished the job  and gives him a suitcase.
He tries to leave.
The man wo nt let him  saying.
He s not Smith.
Greene is handcuffed.
The man asks  but Greene does nt want to answer  so the man beats him.
Greene comes clean  he s a businessman.
When the shotgun is aimed.
Who was buying up land to build a shopping mall.
But one man would nt sell  worried wanting his money  he hired Smith to persuade the holdout.
Smith killed the man  his wife  and his kids  the deaths.
Greene could buy the land from the bank.
The man kills him.
The man now suggests  and wants to know who.
One is Smith.
John volunteers to talk.
The man wants to talk first.
He beats Hank  and sits him down.
John plans to get the gun away.
Hank reveals.
He s an exsoldier and claims he s married.
The man shows him his wallet.
Hank does nt want to talk  so he s shot in the leg.
He admits.
He has sex  and claims he s Smith if he ll stop shooting.
The man kills him.
Noreen asks him.
He s doing this.
He says.
He just came in to get something to eat and ` just snapped.
John is an ex-military man.
Threatened  admits to be Smith and turns back the questioning  revealing the man.
Who was booted.
The situation is now reversed  the man bargaining.
Who refuses to let the man go.
The man panics  kills the couple  shoots John.
Noreen comes and cuts his throat.
When he goes.
John asks Noreen.
Noreen pulls the handgun  not trusting him.
John taunts her  saying.
She does nt have the guts.
She s out.
But Noreen  good  knows and proves  and kills John.
She has one left.
<EOS>
The location is the town.
His well-to-do parents place him.
When ten year old boy Quasimodo shows signs.
They adopt a Cuban girl  Esmeralda  from a lower social class.
Ten years later  El Paris is menaced.
Quasimodo is the prime suspect.
Quasimodo dEl Paris / Patrick Timsit / 1999 / film review.
<EOS>
The main character Yong-ho wanders to a reunion of his old student group.
He leaves and climbs atop a nearby train track.
Facing an oncoming train  he exclaims.
I want to go back again.
Is a series.
What follows.
Show how he became the suicidal man portrayed.
The first flashback takes place.
He is already clearly suicidal.
Yong-ho is taken to visit a comatose.
The next flashback shows Yong-ho s life five years earlier.
He seems to be a rather successful businessman.
The problems become clear.
When he confronts his wife  who is having an affair.
Yong-ho is unable to claim moral high ground.
He is also shown having an affair.
Finally  Yong-ho is shown along.
Where it becomes apparent that the marriage is nt working.
Yong-ho is shown as a police officer in the year.
He is shown along with his pregnant wife at a mundane scene.
He is shown apprehending a witness and brutally torturing him for information about another man s whereabouts.
This leads Yong-ho to Kunsan.
Where he along capture the wanted man.
Stand. 
Yong-ho is distracted from his work by fruitlessly trying to search for Sun-im and instead ends up on a one night.
The following flashback shows Yong-ho and is pressured.
When he is just starting his career.
Shortly afterward  he is visited.
Yong-ho coldly and cruelly dismisses her.
Yong-ho is shown sleeping with.
Whom it is shown he never truly cared.
It s May.
Yong-ho is performing his mandatory military service.
His company is taken to quell the Gwangju Democratization Movement.
Sun-im is trying to visit him.
Yong-ho gets shot and is told to stay behind.
This leads.
Where he confronts a harmless and presumably innocent student  whom he accidentally shoots and kills.
The last flashback shows.
Reunited. 
This is also.
Where he meets.
The scene poignantly shows the innocence.
Yong-ho had.
His country molded him.
<EOS>
The story centers.
Who is rescued by a fugitive of European ancestry named Gregory Kent.
They fall.
Prevailing mores doom the romance.
Onoto leaves Kent.
That he may marry another.
The film was released April.
<EOS>
Betty responds.
Betty replies.
When the interviewing manager asks Betty what she can do.
She ca nt type or take dictation  but that she can provide other benefits.
The businessman sends the other applicants away  and hires Betty.
Betty is happy.
The boss soon takes liberties.
Scared  Betty calls.
The police arrive  making several futile attempts to enter the building.
They finally whittle down the skyscraper into it.
Betty and her boss appear behind the window shade.
The two are locked.
When the shade is raised.
Betty exclaims Fresh.
<EOS>
A group lead dead-end lives  an existence of drugs  crime and violence in a working class Brooklyn neighborhood.
<EOS>
Sniffles is shown walking down a street carrying a piece.
He seems to show most.
This is proven  he looks.
When  he is standing outside.
Is ripped  but gives details what to do.
Satisfied  Sniffles creeps in and finds himself inside the drug store.
He is.
He looks around and eventually spots the cold and flu remedies and makes his way.
He finds a bottle.
Claims to be a cold remedy but also has the moniker Alcohol 125 % proof  which he either does nt read or chooses to ignore.
He opens the bottle  pours some onto a handy spoon and drinks it.
Now getting slight tipsy  Sniffles makes his way into a box containing an electric razor.
The razor comes out and - using a buzzing noise  - the razor greets Sniffles.
Can still be understood.
Sniffles advises the razor.
He has a cold.
Moments later  the razor also begins to show symptoms.
Sniffles informs the razor.
He has a cold and promises to get a cold remedy.
He leaves and comes back with the spoon filled with the same cold remedy.
He had taken some minutes.
Now both Sniffles and the razor are feeling drunk and partake.
Dry I Am.
The razor then seems to get tired.
Sniffles walks away.
A heretofore hidden black cat begins to follow him.
He does so.
Sniffles finds a claw vending machine and makes his way.
Something has grabbed his attention.
The cat finds coins and tries to grab Sniffles.
Eventually he succeeds.
Sniffles   begins to get very scared.
Who had been oblivious.
The razor wakes up and begins to attack the cat  shaving off the cats fur.
The cat runs away.
Sniffles thanks the razor  sneezes again and is blown backwards  and.
The cartoon ends  hanging from the claw by his trousers.
<EOS>
A young bourgeois woman falls in love with a bank robber.
She follows him.
His partner resulted in a death and hostage taking.
Using fake IDs  they leave Paris and travel.
<EOS>
Monsieur Dufour  a shop-owner  takes his family for a day of relaxation in the country.
Henri and Rodolphe  take an interest.
When they stop at the roadside restaurant of Poulain  two young men there.
They scheme to get the two women off alone.
They offer to row them.
They divert Dufour and his shop assistant and future son-in-law  Anatole.
Henri maneuvers it.
Rodolphe had arranged beforehand to take Henriette.
That she gets.
Rodolphe then good-naturedly settles.
Henri rows.
He refers.
She eventually gives in.
Henriette initially rebuffs his amorous advances.
He asks her to come see him again.
She says.
Her father would never permit her to venture by herself.
Years pass.
Henriette marries Anatole.
One day  they end up.
Where Henri seduced Henriette.
His wife takes a walk  and encounters Henri.
Anatole dozes.
She reminisces about their brief time together.
Then   Henri hides.
When Anatole wakes up.
They leave.
<EOS>
Zara Kampani meets Sameer and lands in his flat asking him to kidnap her.
That she can test her husband  Jatin s love.
Samir ca nt refuse.
He is.
He has nt paid his rent and also has to return a huge sum of money to a bhai.
Zara takes Sameer.
Sameer orders Jatin to hand over 50 lakhs.
Sameer discovers Zara dead.
An anonymous caller then threatens him.
He has only 30 minutes to bury the body and clear up all the evidence.
He disposes her body.
To be  he leaves the city and goes to Bangalore.
Sameer sees Zara s video and heads back to find the truth.
He finds Zara and convinces her to tell him the truth.
Zara reveals.
She and Jatin truly loved each other.
Zara s face was quite similar  she played the role.
The kidnapping plan was hatched to get out of this murder and trap somebody else.
Sameer calls Jatin to Woodstock villa.
He pays his rent and loan.
He goes.
Jatin gets caught.
Jatin tells the police.
He is not the only one to commit the crime.
Sameer gives the bag to Zara but there was no money inside that bag  he took the real bag of money.
The ball was.
Sameer would have trusted her.
She would have boarded the plane.
She decided to cheat Sameer and got cheated herself.
Sameer s flight takes off.
Jatin s partner gets arrested.
<EOS>
Unicom is a powerful organization overseeing most after its economic collapse.
They have banned computers and robots.
A lowly Unicom delivery man must help the rest survive through the incoming thermal storm.
When a Unicom Synth robot infiltrates a southwest TV station and kills the manager  a revolutionary.
<EOS>
Balu is the youngest son.
His father always scolds him.
His uncles and mother dote and so do his brothers.
He has a bunch and hangs around with them.
Balu s father is angry with him  Balu leaves the house to be left alone for a while.
He chances to see Anu with some kids.
He falls.
She has returned to spend time with her grandfather.
Anu is impressed  she tries to get his autograph but fails.
When he saves a kid s life.
Balu leaves and accidentally meets Anu on the way.
When his taxi breaks down.
Anu gives Balu a lift and leaves her driver to help the taxi driver.
Anu s car slips.
Balu makes an effort to save Anu and rescues her.
Trying to save Anu  Balu slips off.
Anu is depressed.
Balu sacrificed himself to save her  searches and loses hope.
Balu is saved and admitted to a hospital.
Anu meets Balu at his house to express her gratitude.
Balu thinks but is warned by his sister.
Balu develops a friendship but never dares to express his love.
Vasuki gets married and leaves.
Anu gets admission into Harvard University and is about to leave.
They remain silent.
They reach the airport.
She realizes.
Before Anu leaves.
They agree to meet.
<EOS>
The plot centers.
Who only plays.
Karaitas lives and is struggling to take care of her children with her ex husband trying to take custody of her kids.
Garðar  lives and decides it s time to try and connect with his son.
Who is struggling.
But  he realizes.
When he tries to change.
It can be harder than he thinks.
<EOS>
Prince Charming was supposed to live long and happily after kissing her back to live.
However married life does nt become them.
Soon each drifts traditional good nature  such as the dwarfs acting as loan shark syndicate.
The jealous ` good  fairy takes the cake.
<EOS>
A swashbuckling swordsman is tricked.
He will therefore be allowed to marry one.
<EOS>
Deepa is a graduate student.
Who is.
Sanjay is a loquacious  humorous  and a good individual.
Who is also rather lackadaisical and forgetful.
A job interview call re-acquaints her with Navin.
Whom she had split up.
Navin is the antithesis of Sanjay  He is very punctual and looks after her during her stay in Mumbai.
Navin shows her the city and helps her.
This rekindles Deepa s feelings.
She finds herself torn.
She feels.
Her first love is her true love.
She receives a letter stating.
She has got the job.
Sanjay comes to her house and tells her.
He has got a promotion.
Deepa then feels.
She should forget the past and get married.
Forms the climax.
Whom she decides to marry.
<EOS>
Two young men are riding the streets of Nacogdoches  Texas on bicycles.
When they are hit.
The old man driving takes the stunned young men home.
Where he will check to see if they are hurt.
The two sons -- Elliot and Eugene Buddles -- strike up a conversation.
They are.
The two young men turn out to be selling pesticides.
One is from New Jersey.
The other -- Nate Harris -- is.
Nate starts talking about his family and produces pictures.
As soon he decides.
Elliot sees the photo.
He must go to meet her.
Elliot convinces Eugene to drive them to Idaho.
Elliot tells him  two or three hours  tops  knowing.
When Eugene asks how far it is.
It is much further.
They look up the Harris family.
When they get.
Elliot decides but had cancelled.
They are going to pretend to be the exchange students.
Elliot and Eugene end up being called Gustav and Gayzah  respectively  brothers.
The family welcomes them.
Natalie is away.
Elliot is even more struck than before.
Natalie does come home.
Natalie gets the two brothers involved.
Eugene falls.
But Cindy is wants.
Paul only asked Cindy out so.
He could find a way to ask out Cindy s roommate  Pam.
So Paul arranges a.
But  Cindy arranges to leave the restaurant.
When Paul admits to Cindy his feelings.
That Paul and Pam can get to know each other.
Paul and Pam do nt hit it off.
Cindy is all out.
Eugene wants.
Elliot is spending time.
So he convinces Pam to teach him.
To become the type that Cindy would like.
Eugene admits.
He has feelings.
Elliot is thinking.
Who they really are.
However  Pam overhears the wrong part and thinks.
Eugene does nt like her.
Cindy manages to convince Doogie to take a large and valuable ring.
Paul comes.
He is taking the ring.
Doogie throws the ring.
The truck happens to be Eugene.
S which they drive off.
Doogie does find the truck again   and drives off himself.
It is parked again.
Elliott and Eugene are able to follow the truck closely enough to hide close.
Paul is giving Cindy the ring.
Cindy switches the ring.
Paul is nt looking.
Shortly thereafter  the police arrive  having been called.
Elliot and Eugene reveal themselves and explain.
Cindy put the real ring.
The police search her purse and find the real ring.
Paul  Cindy  Elliot and Eugene are all taken.
They wait.
Things are sorted out.
The Harris family comes to retrieve Elliot and Eugene.
Cindy   passes by and says  It looks.
I m not the only.
Elliot decides.
They must reveal who they really are.
Elliot and Eugene remain.
The trial is over.
It turns out.
Cindy works.
She had all.
She had a fake ring made.
It did nt matter.
Brother she got to get the actual ring.
She was planning  having it found out as a fake  the Hamilton brothers would be arrested for fraud.
She would have the actual ring.
Paul was convicted and received a sentence of six months of probation.
Cindy was convicted and received a sentence of two years in prison.
Elliot and Eugene each decide to find work.
That they can stay.
Natalie and Pam also decide to forgive the respective brothers and continue their relationships.
<EOS>
Set  the story focuses on Dolly Gallagher Levi  a widow.
Who supports herself  with matchmaking as her primary source of income.
Horace Vandergelder  a wealthy but miserly merchant  has hired her to find him a wife.
Unbeknownst Dolly is determined to fill the position herself.
Dolly shows him the photograph.
When he expresses his intent to travel to woo milliner Irene Molloy.
She calls Miss Ernestina Simple and tells him the buxom beauty would be a far better choice.
Horace agrees to have dinner at the Harmonia Gardens after visiting Irene.
Meanwhile  Horace s clerk head.
Cornelius Hackl convinces his sidekick Barnaby Tucker that they  too  deserve an outing.
The two cause cans.
Justifies their closing.
Time review.
Cornelius is instantly taken.
The pair are forced to hide however.
When Mr Vandergelder and Dolly arrive.
Mr Vandergelder still realizes.
Dolly and Irene cover up.
Irene is hiding people and leaves in disgust.
Irene furiously demands.
Cornelius and Barnaby repay her.
The shop assistant Minnie out.
All dine at the same restaurant.
Horace realizes.
Dolly tricked him and that there is no such person.
Cornelius worries over.
To pay until a well-meaning diner gives him Mr Vandergelder s wallet.
Irene and Cornelius fall in love.
Barnaby falls.
The two men escape being caught by disguising themselves as women and dancing towards the door.
They leave the two women a note confessing.
Who they really are and that they love them.
The next day  Irene and Minnie help the two shopkeepers pretend to be setting up a feed store across the street from Mr Vandergelders.
Frightened  Horace gives them better working hours and wages.
Realizing  he agrees to marry Dolly as well.
Foolishly he s been acting.
<EOS>
A group travel to Camp Placid Pines to be camp counselors for the summer  Julie  Dean  Whitney  Jason and Tobe.
They meet their boss Patrick  another counselor named Drew   and a few other counselors.
Who is teamed up.
The teenagers get to work  bringing.
Julie gets a warning.
Who claims there is danger.
Julie questions Patrick.
He brushes it off  saying.
Henry is crazy.
Late that night  the group sits and decides to play a game of Bloody Murder.
One person is It.
The rest try and then everyone must run back to base.
To find It and whoever finds It must scream Bloody Murder.
It can tag them.
Everyone joins in.
Jason and Dean play a prank of the counselors Brad.
Dean witnesses Jason making out with Whitney.
We later see  The next morning  Julie begins asking her fellow counselors.
Jason getting dressed and is confronted.
Dean tells Julie.
Jason said something.
Julie still grows worried.
The following night  the counselors gather.
Whitney goes to grab some food and is stabbed to death by a man in a hockey mask.
The next day  the counselors inform Patrick.
Jason and Whitney have gone missing.
They call the Sheriff.
Who interrogates the group.
Everyone suspects Dean.
He is Whitney s.
He has been acting suspiciously.
Dean is not provided  so he is taken in for questioning.
Julie encounters Henry again.
Who tells her.
She emails her Dad.
Brad is killed next.
He goes missing.
Dean is off the hook.
Julie gets an email reply.
He claims.
He does nt remember a man named Nelson.
Jason is suspected next  considering.
He had a past.
Julie is attacked.
She flees.
Where she meets Dean who is stuck.
She hurries back  trying not to act scared.
Dean is killed.
Back  Julie finds a photo of her dad at the camp  along with a kid named Nelson Hammond.
She searches him  and discovers.
Nelson Hammond was almost killed.
He then came back a few years later and killed one.
Caused the prank and was sent.
That night  Julie is attacked again.
He chases her.
She locks him.
But the man is.
Jason  who actually did take off  worried that Dean would tell.
He was worried.
The police were.
Jason is taken.
The body count ups  Doug is finished off.
Julie s father arrives.
Drew and Julie s father walk  as Julie retreats to her cabin to gather some things.
There  she deduces.
The killer is Drew when she sees that Drew s father was Bill Anderson  the man that Nelson Hammond killed and that Drew is out for revenge.
She races.
Where she discovers her father missing.
She accuses Drew.
But she is proven wrong.
When the killer appears and attacks them.
Drew is knocked out.
Julie flees.
Julie runs.
Then Patrick reveals.
He is the killer.
He is really Nelson Hammond and is seeking revenge.
The other counselors caused.
He attacks Julie  and chases her through the woods.
She runs.
The other counselors  the police  Patrick and Julie gather.
Patrick tries to make  Julie hit her head and is delusional.
It seem.
But Tobe sees the axe hidden  and points a gun at him.
Patrick swings.
As a shot rings out  hitting Patrick s arm.
It is revealed.
Drew fired the shot.
Patrick is taken  Julie s father is safe.
Julie starts having a love interest.
Patrick tells the Sheriff   maybe it was Trevor Moorehouse hinting.
He did nt kill Doug.
Trevor is still.
<EOS>
Lorenzi  a war correspondent  ventures contended by various warring factions.
He is accompanied with the purpose of unmasking a certain Commander Jako.
Who is believed to be responsible.
Two young people join them  Maxime  a young journalist of strong ideals  and Sanja  a local girl desperately searching for her missing relatives.
The four manage to enter the city of Vaku  currently under siege.
Regardless.
They ve gone.
<EOS>
Griffin Keyes sets up a plan to propose.
She rejects him and claims.
His career is what is keeping her away  therefore breaking Griffin s heart.
Five years later  Griffin is shown to be the lead zookeeper.
Who cares deeply.
That night  Griffin holds a party.
Who is getting married.
When he discovers that Stephanie was invited.
Dave offers Griffin to come and work  explaining.
It is the best way to get Stephanie back.
Griffin contemplates quitting his job and joining his brother at the dealership.
Later  the animals hold a meeting saying and do nt want him to leave  so they decide to find some way to help him win Stephanie s heart.
They think Griffin is the best zookeeper.
Jerome the bear suggests.
They teach Griffin their animal mating techniques.
Joe the lion protests  reminding them.
It s to talk to humans.
Donald.
All the animals have to do is make Griffin look.
The next day  Donald unlocks the door and lets Joe out.
Who confronts Stephanie and Dave s fiancee Robin.
Kate  the zoo s vet  manages to get them away.
Griffin fails to jump  ruining the animals  plan.
The next night  the animals break their code and tell Griffin.
They will teach him what to do to win Stephanie.
Griffin learns their different mating rituals  but ends up humiliating himself.
Griffin then has a talk.
Who was moved after allegedly attacking Shane  another zookeeper.
Bernie explains.
He fell.
When he was abusing Bernie.
He lied and said.
Bernie attacked him  causing Bernie to lose his trust.
Griffin discovers  a bullying alpha-male named Gale.
Stephanie is dating her other.
Janet  Joe s mate  tells Griffin  so Griffin asks Kate to to Dave and Robin s wedding.
The best way to attract a female is to be seen.
Griffin then takes Bernie.
G.
I.
Fridays and they bond  telling Griffin.
He s his best friend.
Griffin and Kate go and seem to have fun together.
Griffin becomes brave enough to stand up.
This grabs Stephanie s attention.
Stephanie asks Griffin out.
Kate tells Griffin she had a great time.
Griffin accepts.
They go and then go to a fashion show.
Stephanie tells Griffin  so Griffin decides to quit his job and accepts Dave s offer.
His job is holding him back.
Upsets Kate.
Bernie also becomes upset and tells Griffin.
He thought he could trust someone again  but was proved wrong when Griffin quit his job.
Kate decides to leave the zoo and accepts a job.
Griffin becomes the best employee  but misses working at the zoo.
Stephanie proposes.
Griffin refuses and dumps her.
He then goes back and apologizes to Bernie.
Who accepts Griffin s friendship.
The animals then tell Griffin.
Kate is heading.
Griffin manages to catch up with Kate and confesses his love for her.
Six months later  Griffin and Kate are back working.
Bernie is now living.
Where he gets a great view.
<EOS>
A man named.
Cronin Mitchell survives a horrible electrical accident but ends up.
He also finds.
He has developed strange psychic and telekinetic powers.
His maimed face depresses him.
He strikes a bargain.
Who agrees to fix him.
He becomes her lover.
This is difficult.
Although she appears beautiful  his powers enable him to see that she is hideously ugly.
Still  he vainly wants his good looks back and so they become lovers and begin traveling the country.
Cronin Mitchell becomes a renowned psychic.
Circumstances change.
When he attempts to use his psychic abilities to identify a maniac who is committing murders and runs head-to-head into a karate-happy government official  Alex Jordan  sent by the federal government to work on the case.
Trouble really begins.
When Alex begins falling with the witch.
He has no idea.
What he is getting himself.
<EOS>
Nageshwar alias Don heads a vast criminal empire.
He has an only son.
Who is completely familiar.
So is Ajay s wife.
Who would like to put an end.
He decides.
When Nageshwar starts showing signs.
It is now time to take over from him.
Ajay does.
As a result they  and hold him for ransom.
Will Nageshwar negotiate his grandson s release  or will his grandson be another sacrifice.
<EOS>
The plot revolves.
Who falls with opera star soprano Suzette Micheline.
It culminates.
<EOS>
Control  the head of British Intelligence  sends agent Jim Prideaux to Communist Hungary to meet a Hungarian general.
Who had promised to sell information.
However  Prideaux is shot and captured.
Follows. 
Control  already ill  dies soon afterwards.
Percy Alleline becomes the new Chief  with Bill Haydon as his deputy and Roy Bland and Toby Esterhase as close allies.
They have been successful lately.
Control and Smiley had distrusted this project.
Witchcraft material is being shared  in exchange for valuable US intelligence.
Smiley is brought out by Oliver Lacon  the civil servant in charge of intelligence  to investigate the claim by Ricki Tarr  an MI6 employee.
There has been a long-term mole in British Intelligence.
Control had held this suspicion as well.
Working outside  Smiley chooses a few men and begins to interview people.
Who left the Circus as he and Control did.
One is Connie Sachs.
Who had been sacked after claiming that Alexei Polyakov  a Soviet cultural attache in London  is a Soviet.
Another is Jerry Westerby  Prideaux was shot.
Who had been duty clerk.
Westerby says.
He called Smiley s house for instructions.
Ann  Smiley s wife  had answered.
Haydon arrived at the Circus and said.
He saw the news at his club.
Smiley realises.
Haydon must have heard the news  with whom he was having an affair.
Smiley comes home and finds Tarr hiding there.
Tarr tells him.
He had been sent to investigate a Soviet agent named Boris.
Tarr found and seemed to have information.
Boris had no significance  but that Boris s wife Irina was also an operative.
So Tarr overstayed and started having an affair with Irina to gain her trust.
Irina  however  knew.
Who Tarr was  and asked to trade the information  the fact that a mole sent named Karla exists in the top ranks of the Circus  for a new life in the West.
Tarr sent Irina s request back.
The reply did not come.
The reply ignored Irina s request and said to come home immediately.
Then  Boris  and also the British agent  were both suddenly killed.
Who was station chief.
Tarr saw.
Irina captured and being taken back.
Tarr was subsequently accused  so he went on the run.
Smiley tells Peter Guillam  an officer but for that night Tarr called  he finds.
Who is working directly  to steal the Circus logbook.
The pages are cut out  suggesting that Tarr s story is true.
Smiley finds Prideaux.
Who was returned but sacked from the service.
Prideaux reveals.
The specific purpose was to get the name of the mole.
Control had codenamed the suspects Tinker  Tailor  Soldier  Poorman and Beggarman.
Prideaux tells.
How he was brutally interrogated and gave in  and also how he saw a blonde female prisoner being shot.
However  says Prideaux  the Soviets already knew into the mole  and were only interested in finding out.
Far that investigation had progressed.
Smiley learns.
Alleline  Haydon  Bland  and Esterhase have been regularly meeting Polyakov - the Project Witchcraft source - to get material.
These men give Polyakov low-grade British material to help him maintain his cover with the Soviets.
One is actually handing over high-grade material  including material obtained from the Americans.
The truth is  however.
Polyakov is loyal.
His job is to handle the mole.
The Witchcraft material is mostly chicken feed  to persuade the Americans to share information with the British.
Smiley gets the safe house s location.
Who was formerly Hungarian and remains a wanted criminal there.
Smiley then sets a trap.
He knows who the mole is and is ready to give the name.
The mole hears this  and immediately arranges to meet at the safe house to ask the Soviets to kill Tarr.
Smiley waits and captures the mole  Haydon.
Haydon reveals.
He seduced Smiley s wife  in order to distort any suspicions Smiley may have had of Haydon.
Haydon also reveals.
Prideaux confided about Control s suspicion of a mole right before Prideaux left for Hungary  since they were close friends.
The Circus makes plans to exchange Haydon back.
Prideaux  having learned.
Haydon betrayed him.
Smiley is restored as its chief.
<EOS>
A group are stuck in Rabat  Morocco.
The Spanish borderline stops them.
They rehearse a theatrical piece based on their own experiences.
An imperfect  unfinished staging.
Real life and the stage are all mixed together.
Apollinaire tells us  face to face.
Television images show us.
Many emigrants are expelled.
Faces lost.
Whose names are.
The empty spaces of what has already happened.
Silent tracks that tell a story.
<EOS>
Captain Dan Tracey and his two lieutenants are ordered to investigate trouble.
Where   only women are allowed.
A variety are occurring on the planet  most notably  several important pieces of Girlinium have been stolen from the Empress Nueva Gabor.
Girlinium   is a very rare gem found only.
Explained. 
It is used to help the planet maintain its delicate orbit surrounding its sun.
The stolen pieces must be found.
The planet will fall.
Evidenced. 
The captain and his men   become women via sex reversal pills and pose as showgirls from Earth performing a mid-twentieth century lounge act for the Empress  annual off-world slumber party while investigating the crime.
<EOS>
Diego and His Brothers is a story loosely based.
The film tells the story.
So too does the relationship.
The story unfolds.
They try to overcome their own interior and exterior factors that keep them.
The short film is a story  as well as a coming of age tale.
Follows the young protagonist  Diego.
Diego and His Brothers stars Julijo Pisk  Enrique Gil  and Pica Lozano.
<EOS>
The story tells.
Whose world falls apart when she loses her child.
Nathalie finds an unlikely protector in Henry  a down and out guardian angel.
Who has followed her thread.
But Henry is not quite an angel.
She struggles to come.
<EOS>
Igor Gouzenko  an expert  comes to the Soviet embassy in Ottawa  Canada in wartime 1943  along with a Soviet military colonel  Trigorin  and a major  Kulin  to set up a base of operations.
Warned  Igor is put to a test by his superiors.
Who have the seductive Nina Karanova try her wiles.
Igor proves loyal.
Who arrives shortly thereafter with the news that she is pregnant.
Trigorin and his security chief  Ranov  meet.
One is uranium being used for atomic energy by Dr Harold Norman.
Whom they try.
Pass. 
Anna   now has serious doubts.
Who has borne a son.
When Igor begins hearing that he is going to be reassigned back.
He takes secret documents and tells Anna to hide them.
Happens. 
Trigorin and Ranov threaten his life.
Igor refuses to return the papers.
Grubb and two others are called back to answer for their failures.
Canada s government places the Gouzenkos and grants them residence  with a warning.
A watchful eye will be kept in the future.
<EOS>
Magali  forty-something  is a winemaker and a widow  she loves her work but feels lonely.
Her friends Rosine and Isabelle both want secretly to find a husband.
<EOS>
B.
Jeff Jeffries is confined  using a wheelchair.
He recuperates.
His rear window looks out.
He passes the time by watching his neighbors.
Who keep their windows open to stay cool.
The tenants include a dancer.
He can see.
He nicknames Miss Torso  a lonely woman he nicknames Miss Lonelyheart  a songwriter  several married couples  a middle-aged sculptor  and Lars Thorwald  a wholesale jewelry salesman.
Thorwald makes repeated late-night trips carrying his sample case.
Thorwald and his wife apparently have an argument.
Jeff notices and sees Thorwald cleaning a large knife and handsaw.
Thorwald s wife is gone.
Later  Thorwald ties a large packing crate and has moving men haul it away.
Jeff discusses these observations and his insurance company home-care nurse Stella  and becomes obsessed with their theory.
Thorwald murdered his wife.
He explains their theory and asks him to find out.
Whether anyone actually picks up the packing crate.
Doyle looks but finds nothing suspicious  and discovers.
Mrs Thorwald picked up the packing crate.
She screams  You do nt know the meaning of the word ` neighbors.
When the owner sees the lifeless body.
Neighbors  speak to each other  care.
Anybody lives or dies.
The neighbors all rush to their windows to see.
What has happened.
Convinced  Jeff has Lisa.
Thorwald is guilty.
Slip an accusatory note so Jeff can watch his reaction when he reads it.
Then   Jeff telephones him and arranges a meeting.
A pretext to get Thorwald away.
He thinks.
Thorwald may have buried something and then killed the dog to keep it from digging it up.
Lisa and Stella dig up the flowers but find nothing.
When Thorwald leaves.
Lisa then climbs the fire escape and squeezes in through an open window.
Jeff calls the police.
When Thorwald returns and grabs Lisa.
Who arrive to save her.
Jeff sees Lisa with her hands behind her back  wiggling her finger with Mrs Thorwald s wedding ring on it.
Thorwald also sees this  realizes  and notices Jeff.
She is signaling.
Jeff phones Doyle  now convinced.
Thorwald is guilty.
Stella heads to post bail for Lisa  leaving Jeff alone.
He soon realizes.
Thorwald is coming.
Jeff repeatedly sets off his camera flashbulbs  temporarily blinding Thorwald.
When Thorwald enters the apartment and approaches him.
Thorwald grabs Jeff and pushes him.
Jeff falls.
As some police officers enter the apartment and others run to catch him.
Thorwald confesses the murder arrest him.
A few days later  the heat has lifted.
Jeff rests peacefully  now with casts on both legs.
The lonely neighbor woman chats  the dancer s lover returns home from the army  the couple have a new dog.
Whose dog was killed.
The newly married couple are bickering.
Lisa reclines beside Jeff  appearing to read a book on foreign travel.
Order to please him  but as soon as he is asleep  she puts the book down and happily opens a fashion magazine.
<EOS>
The film deals to fame as a champion Olympic swimmer  her anti-authoritarian clashes with Australian Swimming officials  her triumphs  marriage and eventual divorce.
<EOS>
18-year-old Harry  is an innocent  bashful burger boy.
Who lives.
Harry s father left the family sometime  leaving Kate for another man.
They live.
Where Kate treats her son  even going as far to draw his bath water and connect a wire to his reading lamp  shutting it off when Harry is busy to get his attention.
One day  Archie -LSB- -RSB-  Harry s oldest and best friend  goes.
Where the boss owes Archie s mob boss money.
Harry watches  pummeling him.
Archie beats the owner  and snaps  releasing his rage out.
Where Archie has to pull Harry off to avoid killing him.
Outside  both are visibly shocked.
Harry is shocked and confused.
He liked it.
Not long  Archie s boss Abie Pinkwise  meets the two at a local diner.
Where he remarks how much potential Harry has.
He invites Harry to become his apprentice.
Harry accepts.
Archie attempts a heist at a small store  but backfires.
When the clerk holds him  sending him to jail.
He leaves evidence  and a witness.
When Harry is told to ditch a car.
He is arrested but is proven to be loyal by keeping silent  despite being beaten by the police.
Now trusting him  the bosses get him out and take him out to celebrate at a brothel.
Harry is.
When.
Timidly asks the prostitute.
He seems normal.
She gently replies.
When he answers that he does nt feel that way.
She is nt the kind.
He goes home dejected.
The first signs begin to show.
When his mother smells perfume.
Harry hesitates  but ultimately does the crime  letting himself go.
The months pass Abie shows Harry the ropes but when faced.
He did when beating the strip club owner.
That night  upset sans for Iris  his Hungarian maid.
What he did  Harry goes  only to find it empty.
She offers him coffee.
It is here.
Where Harry s alter-ego Madden  appears.
Harry frightens Iris and thus causes her to quit.
Angry  Mr Varga makes Harry apologize  and makes.
Harry say he is to prompt her to come back under Mr Varga s employment.
Hesitantly  Iris accepts Harry s timid offer.
The two begin dating.
He is set.
When Archie finds a house that he likes.
She decorates the house  much to her sons anger.
When she moves.
Archie is then released.
Harry hopes to get him back.
However  the hit goes awry.
When it is revealed far too late that the man to be killed  is actually Abie s long-lost uncle.
Devastated  Abie pauses long enough.
Is where Archie flees.
Abie and Harry manage to escape.
Harry and Madden meet up again.
Abie grieves  falling off the wagon after years of sobriety.
This leads him.
Where the consummate their relationship.
Archie then comes forward  and flips on Harry and Abie.
Both Abie and Harry keep quiet.
The mob has the three released  but now and can not be trusted  Mr Varga.
It is clear that Archie is a liability.
Orders Abie and Harry to kill him.
Harry kills Abie himself.
When Abie hesitates  still.
Once again   Harry seeks comfort with Iris.
Mr Varga reminds Harry.
When Abie drinks  he starts talking.
This makes him a liability.
Mr Varga hints.
They may need to kill Abie to keep him silent.
He admits.
When Kate finds Iris  hair.
Kate calmly says.
She would like to meet her.
The stress puts a strain and Harry s sex life.
Even Madden s one-track mind is.
Worried  Iris resolves.
They really try.
The two go.
Where they make love after Harry has her put.
Where Iris was to meet Kate.
Kate has her son go out  leaving the two women alone.
He finds Iris gone  his mother having driven her away.
When Harry returns.
Harry admits and is about to go.
He may be with Iris.
When his mother stops him.
Harry remains home and breaks off contact  his mother s hold over him stronger than ever.
Abie has stopped drinking and is no longer a threat.
Harry kills Abie.
He gave  in front of a diner full of witnesses.
More upset  Madden is revealed again.
He turns.
He goes.
It is revealed though flashbacks.
Madden is truly Harry.
Harry then has sex.
Who proclaims that she had waited so long.
The next morning is mundane  Harry takes his usual bath.
His mother is.
He hears a thud and goes to investigate.
There finds his mother hanging.
She killed herself.
Mr Varga calls Harry to inform him.
They are relocating elsewhere  as Harry s act put them all under danger of arrest.
Harry  clearly distraught  says.
He will take his mother s corpse  and that she will not get in the way of their escape.
Disturbed  Mr Varga agrees to pick him up  only to attempt to kill him.
When Harry gets.
Harry draws his own gun and shoots both Mr Varga and his henchman dead and takes the car.
Iris   is delighted to have Harry going.
Who had left the city to be with her brother.
They sit.
Harry looks away  and shows Kate s body bag resting casually in the seat.
<EOS>
The film opens Closed Mondays  written in white against a black background  filling the screen.
Using a pull back shot  the camera then shows the viewer  It is night.
The words are part.
A small art gallery stands on.
A bulbous-nosed man  holding a brown bottle and apparently drunk  wanders in.
A small abstract sculpture is transformed  imitating the man before returning to its original shape without his noticing.
He shuffles.
The drunk male sees a picture.
Form a circle.
The picture moves and then returns to normal.
Doubting his own eyes  the man looks again.
The music begins to play.
A miniature man resembling the drunk skips continues down the stairs to the bottom.
The entire picture then becomes two abstract colored clay blobs.
Pulsate. 
Suddenly the music stops and the drunk male is back  and staggers away.
Where he makes a critical comment.
The man sees a sculpture for eyes.
He laughs and flips a lever.
Starts it.
The sculpture begins speaking rapidly and says  claims to be far superior  and carries out its infinite mutation program.
It is a replica.
The computer begins to stutter.
It tries to say it has a short circuit and an error.
The drunk male walks away  and is then frightened by some jungle animals reaching through a glassless window pane.
Turns out to be a harmless painting.
Distressed  the drunk male walks on.
Where he sees a painting.
She holds a brush.
A bucket is.
The drunk male asks her  Hey  wassa matter.
The drunk male sees the still-open door and runs to get out  but is stopped.
Before he gets there.
He is a piece  and returns to his inanimate state before reaching the door.
<EOS>
-LCB- -LCB- In-universe -RCB- -RCB- In a farmhouse  an old woman  the matriarch of an Italian family  dies.
Her husband summons their three sons.
Each of whom are facing difficult personal problems  back.
One  Raffaele  is a judge living in Rome.
Who is presiding for which he risks assassination  and is in fear of his life.
Another son  Rocco   is religious and works.
Who lives.
That he can fulfill his dream.
The third son  Nicola   is a factory worker involved.
Who lives.
Each grieves in his own way.
Also wrestling.
The sons encounter the past and engage.
What may come.
Meanwhile  the old man and his young granddaughter explore the rhythms and grieve together.
<EOS>
Allie Pennington is a transfer student.
She sees an innocent kid  Miles getting bullied by Marco  the evil stepbrother of William Will Wagner  the star quarterback and practically the most popular guy at Avalon.
Fortunately  Will comes  demanding Marco to leave Miles alone or else.
European History teacher Mr Moore breaks the class up and has them draw research paper topics out of an Arthurian helmet.
Miles is paired.
Who draws the Order.
Allie tries out for the school track team and impresses the coaches.
Later that evening  Miles comes.
The two ask Allie s parents -- professors of medieval literature at the local university -- about the Order of Bear.
Allie s mother tells them.
The Order is a group of people who believe that King Arthur will one day be reincarnated.
Skeptically  Allie asks  her mother replies.
When this is supposed to take place.
Arthur will return when he is needed to lead the world out.
Her father goes on to explain.
He shares Allie s skepticism.
The forces -- led by Arthur s evil step brother Mordred -- will also be returning to spoil the revival of Camelot and ensure that darkness triumphs.
The next day   he asks her.
She found any information.
Allie tells him.
She finds it doubtful that there will be a reincarnation.
However   Mr Moore too believes.
King Arthur will be reincarnated.
Allie suggests.
She could bring the prophecy tomorrow  though he declines.
Allie spots Lance and Jen flirting with each other.
But they immediately back away.
When they notice that Allie caught them flirting.
Allie goes running around the school.
When her cap falls off.
Coincidentally  it ends up.
Will admits and  but Allie comforts him and invites Will.
He feels too much pressure.
The next day  Will has a party to celebrate them winning the game.
Where she sees Jen and Lance together holding hands all by themselves.
Allie takes a second look.
Allie runs away  Jen goes.
What was going on.
Somehow  Jen knows.
When she talks to Ally back in time and her love affair with Lance.
Ally can not accept the fact.
She s hurting Will.
She tries to make Allie promise not to tell.
Will but Allie runs away before she promises Jen anything.
Jen feels hurt and confused and does nt know.
What to do.
The next day  Allie brings the book to read.
She tries to avoid talking Will due to the pleading looks of Jen and Lance.
They keep giving her.
Marco also warns Allie.
However  the Will meets up and become closer.
Lance is temporarily distracted by Jen s cheerleading  allowing Will to get hit by the opposing team.
This cost them the game  and possibly the state championship.
Afterwards  Allie sits by the field  intending to tell him of Jen s betrayal.
Marco interrupts her.
That night  Miles comes and hesitantly reveals.
He can see.
He came to tell her.
There is a hidden page.
They learn.
The coming is on a night of an eclipse and a meteor shower  the day of the big game.
The book also warns.
Who intends to destroy his half-brother Arthur.
They begin to suspect.
Marco may be Mordred.
Allie also begins to think.
Miles may be Merlin.
He begs to differ.
The next day  they have a big exam.
Marco plants a cheat sheet.
Mr Moore almost gives him detention but decides to give him benefit.
However his team resents him.
They no longer respect his authority.
Later that day  Allie reveals and asks for his help in protecting him.
She believes that Will is King Arthur.
Miles and Allie s experiment goes wrong due to tampering.
Marco warns them.
Will sees Jen kiss Lance.
Will gets away.
Allie runs to the same spot.
Where the first talked.
Someone pushes her down.
She tells Will.
Fate is involved.
That he is King Arthur.
He gets mistaken and thinks that its a metaphor.
He gets courage to win the game despite.
What happened.
Will speeds off.
Its lights out because the eclipse and meteor shower have begun.
When he s about to play.
Lights come back up.
Game continues  but his line men do nt defend him properly.
Will speaks with Lance.
The two mend their friendship.
Will also gives a pep talk.
He forgets his helmet.
He tells Allie to meet him.
He goes back to get it.
He does nt come back to play.
Allie and Miles go looking in the locker room but ca nt find him there.
Miles sees Will.
They find Marco.
Will says.
It was nt Marco that hurt him.
Mr Moore comes out and tells them he himself is actually Mordred.
Marco pushes Mr Moore.
Mr Moore tries to kill them.
Allie does not understand.
Mr Moore is Mordred.
Mr Moore regains his power and fully transforms into Mordred.
Marco explains.
His cane attacks the four.
To defend Will  Allie picks a toy sword.
Holding it she turns that.
Any sword  becomes Excalibur.
They find out.
Allie is really the reincarnation.
Allie goes head to head with Mr Moore.
He taunts her saying.
A girl ca nt be Arthur.
He thought.
Allie was the Lady.
The two forces clash  Allie and her knights.
Miles reclaims his staff.
Enraged  Mordred pulls out his own sword and begins to messily.
Allie knocks his sword away  and wins the battle.
The group transports back.
Where a police man comes to kick them out.
Mr Moore tries to frame Allie.
She tosses the sword.
Where it turns back.
The police man does nt believe.
Allie is King Arthur.
Will rushes off.
Mr Moore is last seen being taken away.
Miles accepts.
He s Merlin.
Marco bows.
They go back.
Back  twelve seconds are left.
When Will returns.
Allie and Miles return.
Where her parents - having missed all the action - wonder if Arthur s return was just a story.
Avalon High wins the football game 36 to.
The team celebrates putting Will.
Will runs.
The two share a kiss.
Lance and Jen get together.
Miles gets his girl as well.
The fierce group officially return to their time period.
Where Allie  Will  Jen  Marco  Lance and Miles meet again as the people they were originally to be.
<EOS>
A wealthy socialite housewife and a university professor accidentally strike a bicyclist.
Returning after an ilicit tryst.
They know.
They see that he is still alive.
They can not summon help without their affair being revealed.
They drive away and leave him to die.
The pair deal.
The bicyclist s death is reported.
Their deeds will be exposed.
<EOS>
An American army veteran by the name of Cole visits his war buddy Frank Landers and his newlywed wife Mary Ann Landers.
Who are the owners.
Cole soon finds  a large oil deposit is located.
The Landers are being repeatedly harassed.
Venarius  hired henchmen s attempts.
Who was hired as an assassin to eliminate Cole.
<EOS>
A woman is found wandering Los Angeles  unable to say anything other.
Admitted  she is coaxed into recounting her life.
Louise Howell is an emotionally unstable woman working to the invalid wife of Dean Graham in the Graham home.
Louise is with neighbor David Sutton  an engineer   he ends the relationship and leaves the area to Louise s great hurt.
Who loathes her smothering obsession.
Graham s wife drowns.
Louise remains.
Time passes.
David re-enters the scene  having taken an engineering job.
He is surprised to find Louise.
Louise -- still obsessed -- makes a pass and is rebuffed.
Moments later  Graham proposes.
She accepts to salvage her pride.
Carol takes a fancy  much to the consternation of Louise.
Who tries to dissuade Carol.
Louise s mind begins to decline  she hears voices  has hallucinations  and believes.
Her husband s first wife is still alive.
Louise tries to end their relationship.
When David and Carol consider marriage.
Graham is concerned and tries to persuade her to see a doctor.
Believing and trying to put her away  Louise bursts and kills him in a schizophrenic episode.
Her husband  David  and Carol are all.
The psychiatrist pronounces her insane and not responsible.
Whom Louise has recounted her story.
He laments.
He had not seen her sooner  as he is sure that if he had  the tragedy could have been avoided.
He tells Graham.
He intends to help Louise back  though the process will be long and arduous  with much pain and suffering in store for her.
Graham pledges his full support and vows.
He always be there  no matter how difficult it becomes.
<EOS>
Young babysitter Amanda arrives to spend the evening looking after a young child.
A series of frightening occurrences in the gloomy old house have Amanda s nerves on edge.
The real terror begins  however.
When the child s biological father appears.
<EOS>
It stars Takashi Shimura.
Who treats a young  small-time hood named Matsunaga.
The doctor diagnoses the young gangster  and convinces him to begin treatment.
The two enjoy an uneasy friendship and seeks to take his gang over once again.
The gangster s former boss  Okada  who is also the former abusive boyfriend  is released from prison.
The sick young man then stops  slips back into old habits and threatens to kill him.
Matsunaga realizes.
Okada is not a true friend  and that the big Yakuza crime boss is merely using Matsunaga.
Matsunaga slips out to confront.
When the doctor leaves his house to go report to the police  despite the doctor s orders to remain in bed.
Okada but Matsunaga is killed.
The film ends.
Who had feelings.
One has been fully cured of tuberculosis.
<EOS>
The film begins.
When Lobo is a 6-week old pup  identical.
Lobo follows his nose  and takes a tumble down the cliff.
His father is out hunting to feed the family.
His family dens in.
As soon  a cougar appears.
He manages to climb back up.
Things look grim   cattlemen riding by below the wolves  den spot the cougar  and shoot it.
A wild card shows up.
It prepares to pounce.
The narrator makes it clear  Lobo is only spared.
The cattlemen do not favor the wolves.
He s out.
He smells both the cougar and the cattlemen  and decides to pick up and move house to avoid them.
When Lobo s father returns.
They interact.
Lobo travels.
His father fights.
The badger wins.
Lobo wanders off  he makes friends with a tortoise  chews an armadillo s ear  and is cornered by a rattlesnake.
His family moves on.
When his parents finally arrive to rescue him.
He also forms an unusual friendship.
Lobo begins to grow up.
He starts with the family pack.
When Lobo is 6 months old.
But  the wolves  prey are the herds of cattle being driven across the desert.
The cattlemen seek revenge  and eventually kill Lobo s parents.
Winter comes  and Lobo branches off for the first time.
Lobo joins a new pack  defeats its leader  and takes a mate.
He and his pack continue on the cattle  but is wise enough to avoid all signs of the angry cattlemen - or his death.
Have replaced the buffalo.
Who post rewards.
Lobo and his mate find a uniquely secure den.
When the time comes.
Is accessible only.
The cattlemen s feud escalates.
Lobo continues to feed.
A professional hunter sets a trap  but captures his mate instead.
Lobo musters his pack to rescue her.
Lobo realizes the same thing  humankind has encroached too far on the territory.
His father did.
Used to be his.
His best course is to seek a new home.
The film ends across the plains in search of a new home.
<EOS>
Fresh out  young Eddy Duchin travels to New York in the 1920s to take a job playing piano for bandleader Leo Reisman s orchestra.
But  Eddy learns.
Arrival. 
There is no such job.
A wealthy socialite  Marjorie Oelrichs  overhears his playing and takes a personal interest.
The Wadsworths   Eddy is disappointed to discover.
When he is invited.
He has been asked there merely to entertain.
Having fallen  Marjorie goes so far.
To propose marriage rather than the other way around.
She has secret fears  and tragedy strikes.
She expresses.
When Marjorie giving birth.
An anguished Eddie abandons his baby boy  Peter  leaving him  and goes away from New York for many years.
He serves.
Finally persuaded to visit his son  he meets Peter s governess  a British woman named Chiquita.
Who grows after an uneasy start.
Peter is learning to play the piano.
Eddy has an engagement.
His hand freezes while.
He eventually is diagnosed and has no more than a year to live.
He ca nt bring himself to tell Peter  so he simply says.
He marries Chiquita.
Soon he ll be going away.
Peter ultimately learns the truth.
<EOS>
The film tells.
She blames his drinking.
It later turns out.
He has been killed.
Laying out his corpse   makes.
It is brought home.
Her realize they never really knew each other.
Her husband has died.
Walter s mother   becomes hysterical  highlighting her overbearing and somewhat irritating nature.
Who lives.
The presence represents Elizabeth s constant desire for some hint of beauty within her life.
One.
Who brings.
She has nowhere to turn.
That her husband  the provider  has died.
Could ensue.
Elizabeth feels the family might be better off.
<EOS>
Paul and Nelly are a married couple.
Who run a successful hotel.
Paul begins to suspect Nelly  and eventually descends into paranoia.
Which there is no escape.
LEnfer finishes on a caption.
Reads. 
<EOS>
A melodrama.
Who meets a man while on.
Not knowing  she promises to meet him.
The man is a thief.
She is released.
<EOS>
The adventure starts off.
McDuff.
He escapes his city life and seeks to start over.
He meets fellow travelers Romeo Jones  Louis Clark Jefferson  the cranky wagon master Bumpy Schmitts  his daughter Onery Sue  and the rootin  tooin  cowgirl Subliminy Jill.
This band meet on a ferry traveling down the Mississippi River  headed by the creepy little Three-Eyed Jack.
The ferry crashes.
Right  Jack tells of his hidden gem mine in El Glitterado and presents the travelers with a map.
The remaining members band together and travel west  each map.
The group eventually joins a wagon train  and even let in two orphans they meet on the way.
The rambunctious crew is deemed the ` party wagon  and is sent to be the last to follow all other wagons.
Wacky hijinks ensue  leading.
Randy grows as a character.
He logs his daily adventures.
Is. 
What s made matters worse.
Three-Eyed Jack survived the waterfall and is.
<EOS>
Leela and Bholaram are a childless couple.
Leela works.
One day assists Sunderdas  wife to give birth.
She decides to keep one baby  and tells Sunderdas.
His wife has given birth.
There are complications.
She passes away.
Leela and Bholaram bring up Kanhaiya.
Sunderdas attempts to bring up Kishen  but is unable to do a good job.
So he marries Kamini.
Who comes along  to live at the estate.
She has an illegitimate child named Ramesh  and.
When Sunderdas comes to know  unable to move.
Kishen is brought with lot of abuse  and intimidation  and is kept illiterate.
That he can blindly sign away whatever documents he is asked to sign.
Kishen likes Radha  a servant  and is married.
The atrocities do not stop  and then Kishen runs away.
Ghendamal captures Kanhaiya.
Who also looks  and brings him back  not realizing that the tables are now turned against him.
<EOS>
The film s title character  Francis  lives  and has suffered a life of unrelenting misfortune and brutality.
He has withdrawn from the world and into himself  silently observing others rather than interacting with them.
His only solace has been his Catholic faith.
He has begun to question his belief.
Who could countenance so much evil and pain.
Francis can not stop watching her.
When he discovers he can see.
After he meets her and they become romantically involved.
Unable or unwilling to believe  he becomes ever more obsessive.
She could actually love him.
And it is.
What Francis sees - or thinks he sees - that leads ultimately.
<EOS>
A baby reindeer named  his nose begins to glow.
Rudolph is born.
His parents start to worry.
Rudolph will be made fun.
Their worries come true  Cupid  Dasher  and Comet.
When the secret is accidentally revealed to Rudolph s three uncles.
He starts getting taunted.
A year later  Rudolph is sent.
Where he falls with a gorgeous doe named Zoey but is ridiculed by everybody around him.
Rudolph runs and meets Santa Claus.
When he can take being laughed.
Who accepts him and treats him with kindness.
On Christmas Eve   Rudolph winds up running into Zoey.
Santa has flown away around the world.
Who wishes to befriend him.
However  Arrow  Rudolph s cousin and rival  disrupts their romantic moment  hating to see her with Rudolph.
Who has also set his cap.
She still holds a strong fondness.
Years later   Zoey gives her pendant Rudolph to bring him good fortune  much.
Rudolph  Zoey  and Arrow have reached adolescence and are about to take part  before the event.
Who cheats so he may be chosen to become a Flyer.
Arrow argues with Rudolph  antagonizing Rudolph into making his nose gleam and blind Arrow.
Zoey really does not truly like him.
Rudolph wins the race  but is disqualified.
He was tricked.
The disqualification infuriates both Blitzen and Zoey.
Who confronts Arrow and ends their romantic relationship.
Rudolph also overhears Blitzen arguing and catches him shouting at the coach.
His son s nose was an accident  which hurts Rudolph so that he decides to run away.
Zoey is devastated.
Rudolph ran away.
Who incarcerates her.
Meanwhile  Rudolph has become acquainted named Leonard.
One night he winds up meeting the Sprites.
Who fly.
Who tell him that he must rescue the kidnapped Zoey.
They instruct him.
To properly use his nose.
Soon Rudolph  Leonard  and Slyly journey to free Zoey.
Seeing  the antagonized Stormella fulfills her vow  she unleashes a humongous blizzard.
Zoey defied one by trespassing on her closed ice bridge.
She promised to perform if anybody ever crossed her bridge again.
Rudolph  Slyly  and Leonard make it.
Soon find themselves locked up for crossing Stormella s bridge.
Slyly sneaks.
The Ice Queen goes to sleep.
However  the awakened Stormella learns and sends her pack of wolves after Rudolph and his friends  cornering them on a cliff.
Rudolph is antagonized.
When she threatens to freeze Zoey.
He uses his nose  sending her toppling off of the cliff  hanging on for dear life.
Rudolph saves Stormella s life by allowing her to grab on to his budding antlers and pulling her back up on the cliff.
She promises to reward him.
Much wishes.
Stormella would turn to kindhearted  to which she reluctantly casts such a spell upon herself.
The snowstorm is unstoppable.
She created.
Boone and Doggle  two  bring the entire group back to Santa s Village.
Who were sent to search.
Because Santa might not be able to carry out his flight this year.
However   Santa asks the reindeer to lead his team.
He catches sight.
Which he agrees.
Rudolph guides Santa s sleigh.
It turns out to be a merry Christmas.
<EOS>
Papito is a young actor grown up.
He dreams to leave someday along.
Don Arturo arrives.
But the millionaire does not last more than 24 hours.
He dies from a cardiac arrest because of overdose of sexual enhancement drug.
The panic spreads  They have lost the great opportunity.
Was going to let them out.
He receives an order.
When Papito thinks that nothing could go worse.
He must be taken  travel with Yuri to Spain and get all the Euros.
He can.
Papito thinks and accepts the treatment.
It s an opportunity to make amends.
Papito will have to make the best out and benefit from his double identity.
Order to escape the confusion.
<EOS>
The students at Monster High are framed for a prank on the normies.
They attacked the school.
But  it s up  with the help of some new friends  to stop it.
When the students learn one is behind the pranks and is going to suffer for it.
<EOS>
It concerns the lives.
Sutherland plays an.
He has wrecked almost every possible car  but violates his parole.
When confronted.
This embarrasses his brother  a politically ambitious district attorney.
Fonda plays a prostitute.
The gang tries to get an old Consolidated PBY Catalina plane flying  and much humor ensues.
The film is notable.
<EOS>
Teddy Atkins Josh Hutcherson El Yuma Jam Session La tentacion de Cecilia Diary.
<EOS>
Giles DeAth is a British writer.
Who does nt use or understand anything modern.
One day  he forgets his keys and locks himself out.
It begins to rain.
He goes to see an E.
M.
Forster movie but  instead  accidentally enters the wrong theatre and sees the teen flick Hotpants College II starring Ronnie Bostock.
He becomes instantly infatuated and obsessed with the young actor.
He goes in the cinema  buys teen magazines and cuts out pictures of him  and buys a VCR and TV.
Order to play rented video tapes.
He lets.
His housekeeper come  so that he can do these things undisturbed.
It becomes more obvious.
He becomes more and more infatuated.
Giles is becoming disturbed.
They do nt know why.
His friend and agent suggests.
He take a holiday.
Giles sets out to meet Ronnie.
He flies and takes a train to Ronnie s home town.
Where he takes a motel room.
He searches the town - unsuccessfully at first - but finally spots Ronnie s girlfriend and follows her to the supermarket.
Giles rams his shopping cart accidentally and makes up a story about his god-daughter  Abigail  being in love with Ronnie.
The girlfriend  Audrey  is seemingly glad to have found a fan-base in England  and spends the day talking to Giles.
She then tells him.
She and Ronnie will invite him over.
They can talk.
Eventually Giles becomes a regular visitor.
Ronnie is flattered.
Giles is able to stay longer by claiming.
He will write a new script.
Audrey becomes suspicious.
She tells Giles.
She is taking Ronnie to see her parents.
Giles is very upset.
He confronts Ronnie and tells him.
He feels.
He says.
Many artists have had younger male lovers  and that Ronnie should split up because it is obvious to him that it wo nt last.
Ronnie rejects Giles but seems genuinely concerned.
Giles goes back.
Watches Ronnie s next film  another Hotpants College movie.
<EOS>
Blake  is a self-made millionaire  and is mean to his workers.
One day   he is driving recklessly.
Chased  he drives to a shopping mall and hides out inside  changing into a Santa Claus costume.
He slides down a garbage chute and bangs his head  getting amnesia.
To escape the police.
Mistaken as the mall Santa  Blake begins to think.
He is Santa Claus.
Meanwhile  Ebner Frost  an evil scientist  is trying to take over an orphanage to gain access to the magical crystals underneath it.
Frost dispatches his henchmen to destroy the orphanage.
Only Blake can save the orphan children.
<EOS>
Ghoulish rapist/murderer Caleb Croft rises from his crypt and brutally assaults young Leslie Hollander.
Leslie becomes pregnant and delivers a baby boy.
Whom she nurses.
The child matures.
Who sets out.
Eastman enrolls.
Where his father is teaching.
James confronts his father in a showdown between good and evil.
<EOS>
Sameera is a Family drama.
Where Mithun and Shabana Azmi playing the lead role  supported.
<EOS>
The story begins.
Which the film is also set.
Emile  a shy projectionist  has a passion and romantic interests for his collaborator of the cinema  Maud  but has trouble admitting his true feelings.
His friend  an exuberant inventor and delivery driver  Raoul  is picking him up to transport him in his crafted vehicle  named Catherine  to assist in retrieving a new belt for his projector  due to a mishap with him daydreaming.
He also gets himself a new camera.
The story also introduces Lucille  a childhood friend  and cabaret singer at the club LOiseau Rare.
Her aunt Carlotta does everything to push her.
Paris is diverse  though she is a successful singer.
Raoul  accompanied by Emile  is making a delivery to the Botanical Gardens.
Who works there.
Appreciating the opportunity to browse  Raoul experiments with an Atomize-a-Tune mixture.
Temporarily gives Charles the voice and an unstable super fertilizer which grows a sunflower seed into a giant sunflower in the blink of an eye.
It starts to topple towards Raoul and Emile.
An explosion occurs due to the mixing of the two chemicals.
Everyone comes out unscathed.
Emile is convinced.
He has glimpsed a monstrous creature which is recorded.
The next day  the creature is featured.
An investigation is made by Maynott s second in command  Pate  but is fronted by Maynott.
Who uses it.
He tries unsuccessfully to seduce Lucille.
Meanwhile  Lucille is trying to find a new musician  and refuses the candidacy of the cabaret s waiter  Albert.
Albert stumbles across the creature and tries to get back into the cabaret with no success and flees terrified.
Lucille opens the door and accidentally pushes the creature aside.
It was curiously playing.
She flees in an initial state of panic  but later hears the creature sing and discovers.
It is not dangerous but has a lovely singing voice.
She welcomes it  and gives it the name  Francœur  the name of the street.
Where she had found it.
The creature is nothing.
The fertilizer  amidst all the other chemicals  caused to grow to human scale.
Emile and Raoul s secret of the laboratory incident is blown.
They are arrested.
Brought think  they are commended as heroes and are given the Medal of Honor.
They are going.
He had been set earlier by Lucille during an altercation  Raoul uses the badge as an advantage to get the best seats at Lucille s show at the Rare Bird.
She had promised him.
Emile and Raoul come to congratulate Lucille on her show.
Lucille reveals the identity.
Been greeted.
Albert overhears the situation and reports it to the police in an act of jealousy.
The police arrive  but Emile  Raoul and Francœur narrowly escape.
Albert is framed and arrested.
The following day  Maynott opens the Montmartre Funicular.
Serves Montmartre and the Basilica.
The trio  along the monkey  decide to use this opportunity as a way of staging the death of the creature.
Things do not go.
Maynott  his pride now turned  discovers the creature hiding under the trap door of the stage.
Trying to escape  Francœur and friends are chased by the insane Maynott.
Who is hellbent  even if it meant trying to kill Franc s friends in the process - involving the use an airship and Catherine.
The chase concludes.
Meanwhile  Maud   also travels there.
Who Emile had the courage to make a date.
The fertilizer wears off.
A gunshot and Francœur s disappearance makes.
Everyone believe he is dead.
The megalomaniacal villain is arrested on the concern.
Francœur is innocent.
Emile and Maud also fall.
Later that evening Lucille is distraught.
Hesitant to sing her number onstage  Raoul convinces her anyway.
She hears a humming in her ear.
Appears to be Francœur still singing.
Some time later  the Professor.
He makes a new mixture give him second billing.
When the three friends explain the situation.
Permanently returns Francœur.
He and Lucille confess their true feelings to one another.
Raoul  Lucille  Francœur  Maud  Emile  Carlotta and Pate scatter super fertilized sunflower seeds to help drain the flooded Seine.
Maynott is shown in the same cell as Albert and a thief  and forced to endure their appalling singing.
<EOS>
The story is set under British rule  in the.
The warring Pathans had become more aggressive towards the ruling Britain.
The Fakir was already a living legend.
He started a war that was fought.
A wealthy Hindu girl named.
Ram Kori  using the alias Chand Bibi  runs away and reaches a mystic Muslim leader called the Fakir of Ippy.
The Fakir marries Noor Ali Khan and Ram Kori.
She accepts Islam.
The influential and rich Hindus reach the British Court run by an English Political Agent involved in both the executive and the judiciary.
The agent is   against the warring Pathans.
He intends to teach them a lesson.
The political agent decides against the couple s case.
She was to be tried.
Islam Bibi had become a Muslim.
Where a girl is adult and can choose her husband.
However.
A girl is considered minor till she reaches the age of eighteen.
The Muslim lawyers representing Islam Bibi insisted.
The court also decree that the girl will not be taken away.
However  Islam Bibi was secretly taken away.
Noor Ali Khan   goes to Hoshiar Pur.
He exchanges hot words  resulting in his stabbing a man and arrest.
He eventually broke out  picked up Islam Bibi and reached Waziristan.
The British   attack the village.
The Fakir  unhappy  wages a holy war against the English.
Backed  he starts a Gorilla War against the British.
<EOS>
Zed  a professional safe-cracker  comes to help a childhood friend  Eric  with a bank heist.
The cabbie obtains a prostitute for him.
He arrives and is soon greeted by the prostitute  Zoe   and has a very boring day job.
Who also confides that she is studying art.
They talk with each other amiably  then fall asleep.
Their reverie is soon interrupted  so the two men can get on.
When Eric barges in and brusquely sends Zoe out.
Eric takes Zed back.
Where Zed meets Eric s friends.
Eric explains his plans  the following day is Bastille Day and virtually everything  and is open.
Is closed except they plan to rob.
Is a holding bank.
Zed forgoes his rest time to spend the night partying among some of the more disreputable people of Paris in a cavernous jazz club.
Eric refers as ` the Real Paris.
Eric confides to Zed.
He has AIDS  which he contracted.
The next day  Zed is awakened.
They prepare to enter the bank.
The team dons Carnival masks to hide their faces.
They quickly kill those.
Who do not cooperate as they escort Zed so he can get to work.
Their plans soon start to disintegrate.
They re faced.
Eric throws an explosive and enters it  finding a large supply of gold bars.
The thieves ca nt leave the bank alive.
Tensions become even higher.
When Zed recognizes Zoe and attempts to protect her.
Who viciously slashes Zed s cheek.
A vicious gunfight begins.
Zed caught ` innocently.
Eric s men are killed.
They rush the bank.
Zed and Eric begin to fight each other.
The police shoot Eric.
He falls  splattering great amounts of blood on him in the process.
Injured  Zed is led away quickly.
Who covers  stating he is a bank customer.
They drive away.
Where Zoe promises Zed that when he gets well she ll show him the ` real  Paris.
<EOS>
The film follows Shalini s life.
She is.
Her life becomes painful  this leads her to think about ending her life.
<EOS>
A Mandingo slave Ganymede  or Mede  is trained to fight other slaves.
Hammond neglects his wife Blanche.
Whom he rejects after discovering she was not a virgin.
Hammond instead ravishes his slave Ellen.
Blanche seduces Mede.
These various  conflicting affairs all eventually come together causing the film to end tragically.
<EOS>
Obese  illiterate  16-year-old Claireece Precious Jones lives in the New York City ghetto of Harlem with her dysfunctional and abusive mother  Mary.
She has been raped.
She suffers long-term physical and mental abuse.
The family resides and survives on welfare.
Her first child  known.
Is short.
Mary forces the family to pretend Mongo lives.
She can receive extra money.
She is taken out of school.
Her high school principal arranges to have her attend an alternative school  can help Precious change her life s direction.
She hopes.
Precious finds a way through imagination and fantasy.
There is another world.
Where she is loved and appreciated.
Inspired  Precious begins to learn to read and write.
Precious meets sporadically.
Weiss  slip.
Who learns when Precious lets.
Who fathered her children.
Precious gives birth him Abdul.
She meets John McFadden  a nursing assistant.
Who shows kindness.
Precious fights back long enough to get her son and flees her home permanently.
Her mother hits Precious and deliberately drops three-day-old Abdul.
Precious stops at a window of a church and watches the choir inside sing a Christmas song.
She begins to imagine herself.
Her dream boyfriend  singing a more upbeat version.
Later on  Precious breaks to get out of the cold and is discovered the following morning by Miss Rain.
The teacher finds assistance.
Who begins raising her son while she continues academically.
Her mother comes back.
Her father has died.
Later  Precious learns.
She is HIV positive.
Abdul is not.
Feeling dejected  Precious meets Ms.
Weiss and steals her case file.
Precious recounts the details to her fellow students and has a new lease on life.
Mary and Precious see each other.
Weiss  office  encountered  starting.
Where Weiss questions Mary  and uncovers specific physical and sexual traumas Precious.
When she was three.
Mary begs Ms.
Weiss to help get Precious back.
She refuses.
The film ends.
She severs ties and plans to complete a GED test to receive a high school diploma equivalent.
<EOS>
Four ten-year-olds are kicked out by two aggressive drunkards.
There s only one solution.
When they realize their parents are not going to help them.
They have to find a way to get the toughest boy to help them.
Friends are in for an exciting adventure.
<EOS>
The plot concerns a young couple.
Who have made a marriage vow.
Their marriage is thwarted.
When the woman is forced to marry a rich gangster.
A fighter called  and returns the bride to her betrothed.
Field Mouse stops the wedding  killing the gangsters.
<EOS>
The local church is having a new window unveiling service the next day.
We find out  but no longer goes.
Ebenezer Nezzer used to come when he was little.
Reverend Gilbert and his son Edmond agree to pay Ebenezer a visit and invite him.
Next viewers see Ebenezer s factory.
Is full hatching plastic Easter eggs.
Cavis Appythart and Millward Phelps are workers.
The two are arguing.
Who should approach Ebenezer and ask off for Easter.
Ebenezer goes.
When they finally do ask.
His grandmother started Easter.
He recalled.
Before his grandma died  she told him to tell everyone Easter means no death.
Nezzer misunderstands this  thinking.
As long as he makes Easter eggs he will keep his grandma alive forever.
That s.
He plans to tear down the local church and build Easterland.
Cavis and Millward are shocked.
Gilbert  and Edmond have arrived.
Mr Nezzer offers Cavis  and Millward to help him.
Ebenezer gets angry.
When they attempt to persuade Mr Nezzer not to tear down the church.
They do not want to help him and fires both Cavis and Millward.
Everyone is worried.
They are unable to stop him.
Nezzer owns the property.
That night  Ebenezer falls asleep he has missed the point.
When he sees a vision.
He will receive a second visitor to help him understand.
Meanwhile  Cavis and Millward are trying to break.
Mr Nezzer then wakes up and then intends to stay awake for the visitor.
Ebenezer has fallen asleep waiting.
Hope emerges.
She wakes Ebenezer and starts showing him Easter past - a church service.
We see young Ebenezer and his grandma sitting.
Grandma is trying to get Ebenezer to understand the story but.
The youngester is mainly focused and why the egg he received is empty.
Next  Hope shows him Easter a year ago.
When Ebenezer first started making plastic Easter eggs.
He talks.
He agrees  is not paid  but Ebenezer does give him an early free pass to Easterland much.
When he sings a rhythm song.
They return to Easter present and visit the Reverend s house.
They are discussing  and that just before she died she commissioned the new window that they were going to reveal tomorrow.
Ebenezer attempts to insult Easter once again.
The factory  his Easter eggs  and candies are what Easter is about.
They next find out and will not survive.
Little Edmond is very ill.
Nothing changes.
Ebenezer is shocked.
Edmond s parents are so calm.
Hope then takes Mr Nezzer back and teaches him the story of Jesus dying on the cross to save the sinners.
Then Hope welcomes Nezzer.
The church is being demolished  the orphanage is gone  Little Edmond has died  And  the town s once-brave policeman has lost courage to stop criminals.
Hope disappears back to come back.
They need her.
He rushes back  and wakes up.
He finds out.
It is still Easter Present.
He still has another chance.
Nezzer is able to stop the demolition crew.
As they are about to start the church demolition.
Millward suddenly rushes and shouts.
The chickens are overheating.
The entire place is about to explode.
Nezzer rushes back.
When the building explodes.
It starts raining Easter eggs.
Nezzer promises to help young Edmond get the medicine.
He needs.
<EOS>
Biloo sells newspapers  Shyamal drives an autorickshaw.
Antu is unemployed.
The friends share a room.
Each friend becomes involved  Antu secretly likes fellow acting student Dola  Shyamal has fallen for his boss cum lanlord s daughter Mamoni.
Biloo is obsessed.
Who lives next door.
<EOS>
Men in weird masks take the blood of a naked young woman.
Another woman is wandering the streets and is followed by a group of people also in weird masks  corner them and shoot the woman  Pierre escapes unharmed.
The woman comes.
The masked men take the woman.
The man follows  guests then arrive  but Pierre ca nt get into the building.
His father is.
He gatecrashes  the woman appears and drinks the womans blood.
The next party and a woman commits suicide when a man shows her picture up on a projector.
Pierre s face then appears  The other guests turn Pierre  he escapes and is stopped by a man in a white cape.
Who tells him to go where more mysteries await him.
Pierre goes and confronts him  he explains  she s an orphan.
The girl he saw is his protegee.
She is also believed to be a goddess.
He was a friend and that she has also got an unknown blood condition that any wounds will heal right away.
Is. 
What he is saying.
She is a vampire.
The building is to find someone.
They are working in.
That they can find a cure.
The reason are.
That to hide human faces  so that she does not know she is different.
They are hiding her.
The Vampire takes the woman and tells Pierre to protect her.
A fight then occurs.
Later leads where the woman sees the sunlight for the first time.
They explain.
They are not vampires and that one day the human race will all have the power.
<EOS>
Dan Dunne is a young urban middle-school history teacher  with a teaching style.
Rejects the standard curriculum.
He is found frequently snorting and freebasing cocaine.
He seems to have it all together.
But  Rachel turns up  evoking emotions.
He can not handle.
A short while later  one  catches him getting high in the locker room.
The compromising situation propels a binding friendship.
Dan would prefer not to lose his job.
Drey feels sorry.
Meanwhile  Drey has to deal.
Who is always Mike  who is in prison for selling drugs for neighborhood dealer  Frank and an absent father.
Drey s lack makes her a target for Frank s operation.
He encourages her to become involved.
They both know.
Dan and Drey begin to get a better understanding as friends.
What the other one should stay away and what they need  but is struggling to get by themselves.
Dan perceives.
Frank is a bad influence and tries to intercept on numerous occasions.
And Drey tries to get Dan to open up.
He feels uncomfortable talking.
Dan goes to Isabel s house  another teacher at the school.
Whom he had one previous date.
He forces himself  trying to right his apparent disinterest in her on their last date.
He feels bad and decides to leave.
She defends herself and runs off.
The following day  he further takes his stress out  telling her to talk to friends her own age  hoping to hang out.
When she finds him.
Drey  a little upset  is pushed further into the company of Frank.
He has her do her first drug deal.
Dan goes.
Where his brother  Jeff  and his girlfriend  Cindy  also attend.
He says little  and does not enjoy himself much.
A joke s.
Cindy tells him makes him laugh.
The same night  Drey is out  dealing.
Drey arrives to deliver some drugs and is surprised to find a group of friends also getting stoned.
She is dealing.
The next day  Dan is not.
His students are told.
He is being replaced  without much explanation.
This changes something.
She refuses a lift home  choosing to turn from that path.
She knocks.
He answers.
He goes  shaves and cleans himself up  before sitting down to drink a glass of water.
Drey sits down and joins him.
The film ends.
He heard.
The timing is all wrong.
Drey says  That was horrible.
They both laugh.
<EOS>
International spy  Zarnoff  is captured by Dick Tracy at the start of the serial  tried and sentenced to death.
However   he escapes from the gas chamber.
His men pick up his corpse.
He continues his espionage plans.
Taking the opportunity on Tracy.
<EOS>
The film begins.
When backpackers Joanne Lees and Peter Falconio were travelling in a camper van.
They were waved down by Bradley John Murdoch.
Who was later convicted.
The opening scene is Bondi Beach.
The backpackers climb and embark upon their journey into the outback.
They are flagged down.
When driving late one night.
Falconio disappears with the man  and tells Lees to rev the engine.
She does so.
A gunshot can be heard.
Lees cries out  but he does not answer back.
He is not seen again.
The bearded man then appears brandishing a gun  and attempts to kidnap Lees  tying her up in the process.
Managing to escape  she hides in nearby bushes.
<EOS>
Paul Maddens is a frustrated  under-achieving primary school teacher.
Every year St Bernadette s school competes to see.
Who can produce the best nativity play.
Maddens is chosen to create the Nativity play.
He does nt like Christmas.
His ex-girlfriend moved.
Maddens still loves his.
She split up.
When he was about to propose.
Maddens went.
The headteacher Mrs Bevans gives him a new class teaching assistant called Desmond Poppy.
Who turns out to be her nephew.
St Bernadette s always comes to Gordon Shakespeare s private school  Oakmoor.
Maddens lies.
A Hollywood producer  his ex-girlfriend Jennifer Lore  will be turning his production.
Poppy  an over-enthusiastic classroom assistant  spreads the rumour.
Soon Maddens finds.
His lie is out.
He even travels to try to persuade his ex-girlfriend to visit  and discovers.
She is a secretary and not a film producer and is unsuccessful.
To make the Nativity seem more real  Mr Poppy takes the children to see a woman giving birth and to go.
Come up to the manger to see the baby Jesus.
But finally   the nativity is performed  and  despite a sabotage attempt by Shakespeare  the play is a great success  the Hollywood producer Mr Parker visits the play.
Maddens and Jennifer are reunited.
Happily ever.
The film finishes.
<EOS>
The warlord Dragon-Eye has unleashed his terrifying forces to hunt down the source of all power  a legendary Crucible.
A motley band of knights embarks on a dangerous mission to fight against the dreaded assassins  dragons and soldiers of Dragon-Eye and rescue their world from the clutches of evil once and for all.
<EOS>
The film s plot revolves.
This gate can only be opened.
Has been kept guarded.
The key is sought out by the servant of the Antichrist  simply known as the Minion  a demonic spirit.
Transfers itself.
His first attempt to gain the key is foiled  the sole surviving Templar of the company charged with hiding the key eventually takes off with a ship to the west  to.
What was at that time known  to keep it from the Minion s grasp.
A thousand years later   two city engineer workers accidentally find a hidden Templar burial chamber beneath New York City.
A Mohawk archeologist  Karen Goodleaf  is tasked.
Then the Minion attacks.
However  he is hindered.
He can claim the key.
Who kills the Minion s host body to a certain part of the neck and then takes the key for himself.
Startled and confused  Karen chases.
Who gradually introduces himself.
Lukas Sadorov is a Templar and a former Speznas.
Who deserted the Soviet army  sent by the head of his order to recover the key.
She enlists the help.
Who works  in order to gain access to the facility.
However  the Minion repeatedly takes.
Who unwittingly come with his previous  if disabled host bodies  enabling him to continue his relentless pursuit.
He finally takes possession.
Who is providing assistance during the investigation of the apparent serial murder case  and tricks the police into opening a manhunt on Lukas.
He tricks Lukas into giving him the key and escapes with it to Jerusalem  the location of the Templar s sanctuary and the gate to Hell hidden within its crypts.
The Minion arrives  taking the Templars by surprise and killing most of them.
Before Lukas and Karen do.
Bernhard  one  manages to kill the Minion.
He accidentally allows the Minion to take possession of him and thus insert the key into the gate.
Lukas and Karen arrive shortly.
Lukas battles the possessed Bernhard and kills him.
Karen tries to remove the key.
Together  he and Karen   manage to prevent the gate s unlocking.
Tempted himself.
Before the final seal is burst.
Lukas decides to rebuild the order.
Karen spontaneously declares to join him  marking the dawn of a new generation of Templars to guard the gate and the key.
<EOS>
Kouga Saezima travels after receiving orders to hunt down the Horror Karma  an ancient female Horror.
Who is one.
Kurusu and Shion set up base in a gothic club called Crime to satisfy their mistress s appetite by bringing her various girls and lure them into her realm with false promises of making their dreams a reality.
A Makai Priestess named.
Kouga arrives  ignoring the memories he has.
Rekka also arrives and aids a pair of Makai Priests named Akaza and Shiguto in saving a baby from a Horror posing as a mother.
However  Kouga arrives and reveals the baby to be a Horror.
Zaruba identifies.
Kouga managed to kept her aside.
Rekka meddles.
Kouga is approached and his associates to him and Zaruba.
He leaves.
He introduces him.
Rekka reveals having a personal vendetta and refuses to allow anyone to rob her of her chance to kill the fiend.
When Kouga reveals his mission to find and destroy Karma.
However  Kouga and Zaruba are unable to find Karma.
They are feeling.
The following day  Kouga find Rekka playing her flute  a Madou Brush  and learns.
Rekka became a Makai Priestess so she can hunt Horrors.
But Kouga reminded her  Rekka argued.
Horror-hunting are the duties  not hers as a Makai Priestess.
S only a rule as they are no female Makai Knights.
But Zaruba argued.
The Makai Knights were created because the Makai Priests alone are incapable.
Her intentions remind Kouga under a Makai Knight named Kengi.
Rekka walks off.
Deciding to find leads  Kouga arrives to Akaza s shop for aid.
However  the Makai Priests have no clue.
Her is to enter the demon mirror  which can only be done unassisted.
The only way to safely enter Karma s realm and return alive is.
Akaza happens to have one.
Leaving the blade  Kouga watches Rekka practice before being forced to defeat her to prove.
He finds Karma s lair.
She lacks the ability to back her intentions.
Kouga traveled around the city before Zaruba senses Shion.
She was about to deliver Karma another victim.
Realizing  Shion is forced to discard the woman to escape the Makai Knight.
Tracking her down  Kouga and Zaruba find.
When Karma devoured another woman.
A barrier erected.
As soon  Rekka appears and confirms that someone betrayed them.
Kouga found the barrier talisman and destroyed it.
The barrier is the work.
Once inside   he finds Shion luring Rekka.
Kouga looks around.
But  Kouga shatters the mirror.
Rekka could fall.
However  Karma enters.
A round mirror as Shion spirits it away.
Kouga is forced to fight Kurusu.
Who enables Karma to forcefully control some into fighting Kouga and Rekka.
Kouga cracks the mirror to break Karma s hold.
Rekka knocks the possessed humans unconscious to his dismay.
Kurusu assumes his true Horror form to overpower Kouga and Rekka.
No one left to hold their enemies off.
Shion pointed the mirror.
When Kouga attempts to don his armor.
Karma sucks the Garo armor.
Kouga is severely injured in his attempt to keep Rekka from being devoured by Kurusu.
However  Akaza and Shiguto arrived to drive the Horrors off.
Rekka forces Akaza to admit he betrayed them.
Kouga tries to stop her.
Kouga is brought to have his wounds treated  having a dream of the last time he saw Kengi  Rekka s father.
Coming  Kouga explains to a guilt-ridden Rekka of.
What he learned and how by keeping her alive  many others will be saved by her hands some day.
After unintentional encouragement by Zaruba  Kouga finds Akaza and learns.
Karma exploited the man s desire to see his dead wife and daughter and was given a mirror that allowed him to see his loved ones once again.
He could not bring himself to toss away the mirror and intends to accept the consequences.
He knew that was only an illusion.
Taking the Demon Sword to prevent him from going on a suicide mission  Kouga intends to regain his armor.
Rekka  Kouga  and Shiguto arrive to the building.
The Horrors are hiding in that they are walking into a trap.
The three are joined.
Who wishes to redeem himself.
The Horrors  evil aura would not spill outside  Kouga and the others search for Karma.
Dealing created from her many victims.
Rekka kills Shion.
Kouga fights.
Finding Shion dead again and remembering his old life  a rage-filled Kurusu arrives to stop Rekka.
He sold his soul and became a Horror.
Kouga arrives.
But Rekka succeeds.
Shiguto sets up a barrier.
Once inside   Kouga dons the Garo armor and destroys Kurusu.
Kurusu reveals his original form.
Forced to deal personally  Karma changes the battle field.
She assumes an enlarged harpy-like fighting form as she attempts to offer Garo immortality.
The odds was stacked heavily against Garo.
An astral projection delivers Rekka s flute which she had dropped earlier before entering the mirror realm  telling her to play it to summon the spirits of the fallen Makai warriors that Karma devoured.
Briefly reunited  Rekka watches.
Her father and other spirits give Garo the power to destroy Karma.
Returning  Kouga and Rekka learned.
Akaza sacrificed his life.
Staying behind to look after the city and Shiguto  Rekka gives Kouga a young Makai Dragon.
Either needs to contact the other.
Zaruba decides to call it Kaoru  much to Kouga s annoyance.
<EOS>
Mickey is.
The gang decide to visit him  and end up causing all sorts.
They manage to work their way  among other places.
Finally  the gang is subdued.
<EOS>
American gambler Nick Cain arrives  and befriends shoe-shine boy Toni.
He discovers.
He has been framed.
S.
Treasury Agent.
He escapes  leaving her to hide out.
Cain gets help.
Whom he does not trust.
He uncovers an international counterfeiting ring  members.
Are responsible.
<EOS>
During the Napoleonic Wars  English Royal Navy Captain Horatio Hornblower commands the 36-gun frigate HMS Lydia on a lengthy secret mission to Central America.
He is to provide arms and support.
War breeds strange allies.
Hornblower observes.
Hornblower is told.
A larger  much more powerful Spanish warship  the 60-gun Natividad  has been sighted.
Hornblower and his crew board and capture it.
When it anchors nearby.
He then reluctantly hands the ship over to appease the madman.
They go their separate ways.
Later  he encounters a small Spanish vessel and learns  so the Lydia will have to attack the Natividad again.
Spain has switched sides.
Two passengers transfer  Lady Barbara Wellesley and her maid  fleeing a yellow fever epidemic.
Hornblower is.
Lady Barbara is the sister.
Using masterful tactics  Hornblower sinks the Natividad.
Lady Barbara insists.
When the ship s surgeon is killed.
Hornblower nurses her back.
When she later falls gravely ill.
They fall in love.
However   Hornblower informs her.
When she makes advances.
He is married.
Hornblower learns.
His wife has died  leaving him an infant son.
He is given command  a powerful ship of the line captured from the French  and is assigned to a squadron commanded by Rear Admiral Leighton  Lady Barbara s new husband.
The squadron s mission is to help enforce the British blockade.
Hornblower learns.
Four French ships have broken the blockade.
Leighton assumes.
They will make.
Hornblower suggests.
They mean to support Napoleon s campaign.
Leighton decides to cover both possibilities.
Having the shallowest draught  he becomes suspicious.
When he learns that Hornblower s Sutherland is best suited.
Hornblower is.
Leighton therefore expressly forbids Hornblower.
He sights the French.
Hornblower s French-built ship is subsequently mistaken by a small French brig.
Flies the enemy s recognition signal.
Hornblower learns from interrogating its captain.
He was transporting army supplies.
Hornblower sends the brig back with a prize crew and the news.
He enters.
The enemy harbour where the French ships are anchored and guarded.
Hornblower fools the garrison into believing.
The Sutherland is friendly.
His gun crews dismast all four enemy ships.
French cannon fire forces the British to abandon the Sutherland.
Hornblower scuttles his ship.
Hornblower and Bush  accompanied  are taken by carriage to Paris to be tried for piracy.
The rest arrives to complete the job.
However  they manage to escape en route and make their way.
Disguised  they board The Witch of Endor  a captured British ship.
They overpower the skeleton crew  free a working party to man her  and sail away to freedom.
Hornblower is hailed  and learns.
Leighton was killed.
Hornblower returns home to visit his young son  and finds Lady Barbara there.
The two embrace.
<EOS>
The film opens on Virgie s sixth birthday.
Her slave Uncle Billy dances.
The celebration is brought abruptly.
When a messenger arrives.
Virgie s father is ordered with horse and.
He becomes a scout  crossing enemy lines to gather information.
He sometimes briefly visits his family.
One day  Colonel Morrison  a Union officer  arrives.
Virgie defies him  hitting him.
Cary arrives to visit his family but quickly departs.
When slaves warn.
Led.
Dudley  the Union troops begin to loot the house.
Colonel Morrison returns  puts an end Dudley lashed.
Morrison rises in Virgie s esteem.
One stormy night  battle rages.
Virgie and her mother are forced to flee.
When their house is burned.
Mrs Cary falls gravely ill but finds refuge.
Her husband crosses enemy lines to be during her last moments.
Cary makes plans to take Virgie to his sister in Richmond.
He aids Cary.
When Colonel Morrison learns.
The plan is foiled.
Cary and Morrison are sentenced.
The two are confined.
Where Virgie and Uncle Billy visit them daily.
A kindly Union officer urges Uncle Billy to appeal.
Short  Uncle Billy and Virgie sing and dance in public spaces and ` pass the cap.
Once  they are ushered into Lincoln s office.
Where the President pardons Cary and Morrison.
The film ends.
<EOS>
A historical drama of a widow.
15th century life was sometimes cruel.
This story depicts a lot.
Could occur.
<EOS>
A meteor shower above Earth claims the life of American astronaut Jeff Hale.
He awakens beneath the surface of a body of water filled with them.
A mysterious cloaked figure pierces his bubble.
Dazed and  he soon finds himself crawling nude onto a beach littered with metal canisters  the canisters contain unisex outfits of clothing.
Soon dozens emerge from the water  also nude.
They begin distributing the mysterious canisters.
Remarkably  they understand each other s language.
Who lacks the capacity.
Hale learns.
The known world is the bank.
Anyone is qualified to start life anew.
Who has ever lived at any time in history.
It is not immediately clear.
Whether Riverworld is Heaven  an extraterrestrial planet  or some other dimension.
Other cloaked figures are seen fleetingly.
Their purpose is unknown.
Food is provided.
The climate is clement.
The need is easily provided by available resources and simple manual labor.
Hale meets and makes close friends  all of them from different time periods  a young lady named Alice Liddell Hargreaves  Mali  a former slave of the pre-Civil War era  and Lev Ruach  a Jewish victim of the Nazi Holocaust.
The Neanderthal is later killed by a man introducing himself as Lucius Domitus Ahenobarbus  a citizen of Ancient Rome.
Lucius attacks him.
When Hale begins to argue about the latter s brutal social ethics.
Their fight is interrupted under the rulership of one Valdemar.
Who has erected his own empire and still plans to expand.
- along - in a cataclysm in the year 2039 he tried to warn Earth about.
Hale and the others are joined by two more prisoners  Monat  an extraterrestrial who died.
A young girl named Gewnafra  the only known human being as a child.
Hale is freed by the hooded stranger.
He saw in Riverworld  manages to hide from Valdemar s men  and follows his fellow resurrectees to Valdemar s fortress.
He witnesses Valdemar holding gladiatorial games  but then the despot is challenged and killed by Lucius.
Freeing his mates.
Who reveals himself to be none other and subsequently takes over Valdemar s forces.
Monat leads his fellow captives.
He is associated.
Is led.
Who has built a riverboat.
Nero  however  learns about and intends to use Clemens  riverboat to extend his dominion downriver.
He invades the fugitives  camp  imprisons Hale and his comrades.
Forces Clemens to show him.
To operate it.
Hale and the others fight back and overcome Nero and his men  reclaiming the riverboat.
Hale personally kills Nero.
The band heads upstream to explore the mysteries of Riverworld.
Sam gives command over.
Who has realized Sam s more popular name.
Sam asks Hale to keep it a secret.
Thus Hale becomes the Captain For Broke.
Clemens is content.
However  Nero is subsequently shown being resurrected somewhere else underneath the river.
<EOS>
Che Guevara is interviewed by Lisa Howard.
Who asks him if reform might not blunt the message of the Cuban Revolution.
At a gathering in Mexico City  Guevara first meets Fidel Castro.
He listens on as a member of the July 26th Movement.
There is a return for Guevara s address before the United Nations General Assembly.
Where he makes an impassioned speech  and defends the executions his regime has committed  declaring this is a battle to the death.
March 1957  Guevara deals meet up with Castro s group.
Together  they attack an army barracks.
The guerrillas approach the town of Las Villas.
The Battle is depicted with Guevara demonstrating his tactical skill.
The guerrillas engage and derail a train carrying Cuban soldiers and armaments.
They are victorious.
Now over  Guevara heads to Havana  remarking  the revolution starts now.
We won the war.
The second part begins.
Who subsequently drives to meet his men.
The film is organized.
He was.
There is solidarity among Guevara s men despite his status as foreigner.
Guevara has been set up for betrayal.
He tries to recruit some peasants only to be mistaken.
There is a shortage of food.
Guevara exercises discipline to resolve conflicts.
Some of the guerrillas have deserted.
The Bolivian army has discovered their base camp.
Much  Guevara s revolutionary contact  has botched elaborate preparations and given away their identity.
The guerrillas capture some Bolivian soldiers.
Refuse to join the revolution and are free to return.
CIA advisers arrive to supervise anti-insurgent activity and training.
Guevara s visiting friend  the French intellectual Regis Debray  is captured at Muyupampa by members of the Bolivian Army.
Launch an aerial attack.
Guevara grows sick.
Can barely breathe as a result of his acute asthma.
Juan Acuna nunez.
Several others are massacred by the Bolivian Army.
They attempt to cross the Vado del Yeso.
Guevara is trapped by the Bolivian army in the Yuro Ravine near the village of La Higuera.
Che is wounded and captured.
The next day  a helicopter lands and a Cuban-American CIA agent Felix Rodriguez emerges.
The Bolivian high command are then phoned and give approval.
He is shot.
His corpse lashed and flown out.
<EOS>
A high school student named.
Brett Bumpers receives a mysterious package one day.
It contains a bull penis totem.
It will grant him three wishes.
His first wish is to go with him to a spring dance.
The next day  Samantha invites him.
He suspects.
His wish has come true.
Samantha s boyfriend Cody is the star jock.
He is humiliated.
One of Cody s buddies is murdered by a cloaked figure with a grotesquely disfigured face.
She suggests.
When Brett drops Samantha off.
They should return.
Heartbroken  Brett makes his second wish.
Samantha would become his girlfriend and actually fall with him.
The next day  Samantha breaks up and initiates a relationship with Brett.
Meanwhile  the cloaked figure continues to kill students.
Feeling guilty  Brett confesses the truth to her.
The cloaked figure attacks the pair.
Samantha is coming.
He lures Brett away and then reveals himself to be Brett s history teacher  Mr Turner.
Mr Turner explains.
He bought the totem and discovered that it actually granted wishes.
He wished his wife dead  to avoid divorcing her.
Then he wished.
He promptly got.
100 million which he hid.
Mr Turner confessed.
He also wished  because he decided to kill problem students at the school.
He sent the totem.
He was killing the students.
He was an exemplary student.
That person can also make three wishes.
The totem is given.
Mr Turner then reveals.
Samantha is the last name.
Brett makes his third wish  asking.
As he is about to kill Samantha.
The two struggle  and eventually  Brett kills Mr Turner.
Brett gives the totem.
That she is not forced to love him.
She uses the totem to begin their relationship again  but this time.
<EOS>
A film unit goes  but breaks down deep in the jungle.
Resulting  the 9-member cast and crew of a Bollywood movie  including leading lady Aasha  and her egoistic co-star  Sharman Kapoor  decide to relax and take an outing with their guide  Setu.
They end up and decide to spend the night there - not realizing.
They will soon be stalked and brutally killed.
<EOS>
A beautiful and successful journalist interviews her three previous boyfriends to find out.
They never proposed.
Each distinctly different interview comically teaches.
She would care to know.
Tagline  Traci s never had a problem attracting men  keeping.
Them is another story.
<EOS>
Leopold De Angeli is a gifted playwright.
He drinks too much.
His theater friends come together to stage an intervention for him.
<EOS>
Newlywed Kate Judson Lawrence is distraught to discover night.
Her upper class Philadelphia Main Line husband  William Lawrence III  is impotent.
She seeks comfort.
He leaves her.
The next day  Kate learns.
William died.
She gives birth and raises him in genteel poverty.
Years pass.
Tony becomes a smart  ambitious college student  working his way on becoming a lawyer.
One day  he encounters socialite Joan Dickinson.
When she has a minor car accident.
They soon fall.
Joan is expected to marry millionaire Carter Henry.
Their mutual friend  Chester Chet Gwynn  warns her not to let social pressure separate her.
She loves  as it did him.
Tony persuades her to elope.
However  Joan s father Gilbert Dickinson persuades Tony to postpone the wedding.
Which he is a full partner.
Believing Tony has allowed himself to be bought  a disillusioned Joan sails.
She marries him.
When Carter follows her.
Devastated and angry  Tony realizes.
Joan s father wanted her to marry  and only offered Tony help with his career in the hope of breaking them up.
Tony then devotes himself.
Fellow student Louis Donetti tells Tony.
He has to assist John Marshall Wharton.
Tony becomes acquainted and steals the job from his classmate.
Living and working  Tony impresses his employer with his expertise.
Carol becomes attracted.
She comes one night.
He cunningly defuses the dangerous situation  knowing.
She is unwilling to start over.
Wharton offers Tony a job.
Tony accepts  deciding to specialize.
Where there is more opportunity.
Tony serves.
When the Korean War breaks out  interrupting his career.
Others are not as fortunate.
Chet loses an arm.
Carter Henry is killed.
Tony gets a lucky break.
Forced to work.
He is available.
When the very rich Mrs J.
Arthur Allen needs.
Her will amended.
He shows her.
To avoid paying a great deal.
Mrs Allen responds.
Tony also begins mending his relationship.
Success follows.
Tony becomes well known and respected.
One night  Chet resurfaces.
Tony is called to pick up his disheveled  drunken friend.
However   Donetti has Chet taken and charged with the first degree murder of Morton Stearnes  Chet s uncle and tight-fisted guardian of his inheritance.
They can leave.
Chet insists defending him  fearing.
His relatives  particularly family patriarch Dr Shippen Stearnes  are more interested.
Tony reluctantly agrees.
His work is further complicated.
When Shippen Stearnes threatens to reveal that Tony s real father is Mike Flanagan if Tony embarrasses the Stearnes clan.
Tony realizes.
When Joan offers to hire a reliable attorney.
She still does not trust him and fears that he has sold out once again.
Tony discredits the testimony of Morton Stearnes  butler  George Archibald.
He gets Shippen to admit.
Morton had a brain tumor and was mentally depressed  and that he might have committed suicide.
The jury finds Chet not guilty.
Tony and Joan reconcile.
<EOS>
The Specials tells the story.
The Specials are decent.
Far as superhero teams go.
They never rise.
The heroes are not corporation-friendly and have since struck out in creating a merchandising deal.
The Specials often get underrated villains  small disasters  and the occasional alien invasion to repel -- all of.
Are deemed too.
Even the members have shortcomings.
Have thus prevented a transition as a whole.
The Strobe  Ms.
Indestructible  The Weevil  Deadly Girl  Power Chick  Amok  Alien Orphan  and Eight all have decent  useful powers.
They ve never quite broken.
They all possess various social dysfunctions.
The day begins - a teenage girl with bird powers.
Nightbird - - soon realizes.
Who idolizes The Specials.
Her heroes do not function.
They act like a dysfunctional family at times.
One is the slowly fracturing relationship between the Strobe and Ms.
Indestructible.
Who are both the core.
The second is the Weevil.
Who is trying to negotiate an exit.
The cracks begin to show.
They prepare to attend a dinner.
The event is a travesty.
It becomes quickly apparent.
Kosgrov did little research  and low-balled the production by utilizing cheap accessories and recycled parts.
Worse yet  the leader discovers that his wife  Ms.
Indestructible  is cheating with the most popular member of the group  The Weevil.
The Strobe disbands the group.
The members go their own ways.
The Strobe goes and asks for a job at New Standard s Inc  a plastics company in Detroit  denying.
There s a problem.
Ms.
Indestructible spends the night watching her old wedding video and crying.
The Strobe s brother  Minute Man   ultimately falls.
Who had had a crush.
Who was hurt to learn.
Indestructible.
Meanwhile  Amok  Power Chick  Alien Orphan  and Mr Smart indulge.
The Weevil finalizes his transfer to another superhero team  only to find.
His negative press still follows him.
Reporters focus more than his ability to apprehend villains.
The Weevil generally finds.
He has gone.
The Strobe and Ms.
Indestructible do manage to reconcile.
The Strobe renews his passion.
They are immediately called back to do  the right thing.
When the team comes back together.
What they ve always done.
They ve become the champions.
Because it will bring them popularity or glory  but.
The Specials have no one to turn to but each other.
They turn.
When the downtrodden need help from superheroes.
Resolving  the team exits to face down another crisis.
While there may be no glory  there is nobility.
<EOS>
Back  master sergeant Galoup remembers the time in the desert.
Where he led his men.
His life had routine duties.
One day  his troop is joined.
Whose physical beauty  social skills  and fortitude make Galoup envious.
Repressed homosexual feelings are suggested.
The sergeant sees a chance to destroy him.
When Sentain helps another soldier  violating previous orders.
He drives Sentain out into the desert to make him walk back to the base.
But Sentain does not return.
Galoup has tampered.
The soldier is lost.
Galoup is sent back by his commander for a court martial.
Though Sentain is later found and rescued.
It ends his career.
The final scene  a metaphoric dance  suggests his suicide.
<EOS>
Computer programmer Squeegie Hornio and his brother Ornio Hornio are teleported after a freak power overload.
Squeegie figures out and explains to Ornio.
They are stuck when it s turned off.
A computer virus informs the brothers.
King Pooper has kidnapped Princess Perlina.
King Pooper intends.
Squeegie and Ornio travel  encountering other villains.
Who attempt to delay them and hamper their efforts.
Squeegie is temporarily separated.
Finding King Pooper s lair first  Squeegie attempts to free Princess Perlina  only to be found.
Attempting to fight King Pooper alone  Squeegie is about to lose.
When Ornio reappears and shoves King Pooper.
The brothers ask Princess Perlina to teleport them back.
Perlina only transports herself and Ornio back  leaving Squeegie behind.
Attempting to manipulate the generator to get back  Squeegie is confronted and appears to be captured by a revived King Pooper.
Princess Perlina and Ornio teleport back to Squeegie s office.
Wondering  Ornio is distracted for saving her from King Pooper.
Where Squeegie is.
Ornio asks Perlina to bring Squeegie back to the real world.
The teleportation goes horribly wrong  Perlina teleports both Squeegie and King Pooper.
As King Pooper confronts Squeegie.
King Pooper escapes  and begins to enact his ultimate goal  bluntly explained to the Hornio Brothers as procreate and create more King Pooper offspring.
Squeegie theorizes.
King Pooper hires a prostitute to start his plan.
The generator is the key and draws up plans to destroy it.
Mimicking  Squeegie and Ornio teleport back.
What they did the first time around.
Guided  Ornio distracts a villainess.
Allows Squeegie and the computer virus to go back.
Squeegie comes up.
The computer virus rubs his body  causing it to overload.
Squeegie explains and wo nt cause anymore trouble.
King Pooper is now in a state of limbo.
Ecstatic  Princess Perlina embraces and hugs Ornio.
A spurned Squeegie turns and says.
He expected the film to end this way.
<EOS>
Ganesan is a happy-go-lucky youth.
A great admirer spends all his time with friends.
This is ridiculed.
Ganesan s life takes a turn.
When he comes.
She is a friend.
Who comes to the village.
He admires her beauty and falls flat.
Enters Valli  Ganesan s uncle s daughter.
When Ganesan gathers guts to open his heart.
Fearing  she decides to marry Ganesan.
Her father will get her married.
Suddenly Sandhya falls ill.
Ganesan takes her.
He is shocked.
When the doctor informs that she has final-stage pancreatic cancer  and that she will die.
Ganesan   marries her and comes home.
He incurs the wrath of his father and is driven out of the house.
However  a sudden twist causes the movie to end on an emotional note.
<EOS>
FBI agents John Crawford and Tom Lone stumble across the notorious assassin Rogue  a former CIA assassin.
Who now works.
Rogue ambushes Crawford and is about to execute him  causing him to fall.
When Lone appears and shoots Rogue.
Rogue s body was never found.
He is presumed dead.
However  Rogue survives and his retaliation  leaves three corpses in the ashes of their home.
Three years later  Rogue re-appears  working.
Rogue is assisting Chang  the leader of the Japanese Yakuza  Shiro Yanagawa.
Rogue first attacks a club run by killing one guard and the runners.
Order to recover a pair.
However  Rogue is secretly setting the Yakuza and the Triads.
Order to push the two factions.
Now the head agent  Crawford is determined to hunt Rogue down and exact revenge for Lone s death.
Crawford s obsessive pursuit has taken a toll on his personal life  estranging him from his family.
Crawford comes close.
Rogue always manages to stay one step ahead.
Ultimately  Rogue s machinations have gained the trust.
Rogue succeeds  but spares Li Chang s wife and child  turning on the Yakuza.
Shiro Yanagawa is finally ready to come to America.
Where he intends to take over and expand Yakuza business operations.
However  he is confronted  Crawford presents Shiro Yanagawa with proof.
Rogue has betrayed him and spared Li Chang s family.
Shiro Yanagawa refuses to assist Crawford.
Later  Rogue delivers the horses personally.
Knowing  Shiro Yanagawa captures Rogue and demands the location of Li Chang s family.
Rogue kills all  and engages in a sword fight against Shiro Yanagawa himself.
Rogue reveals  and killed the real Rogue  assuming the assassin s identity.
He is actually FBI agent Tom Lone.
Rogue/Lone reveals  so he could kill the man.
His actions have all been designed to bring him.
Who ordered the death.
Shiro Yanagawa reveals.
Crawford was.
Responsible. 
Angered  Rogue/Lone disarms and decapitates Shiro Yanagawa.
Meanwhile Chang s wife receives a package  containing one of the two golden horses  Make a new life.
Belongs. 
Shiro Yanagawa s daughter also receives.
A package is her father s head.
Rogue/Lone then calls Crawford.
He is packing up his office  asking him to meet him.
Crawford enlists the help of Goi  an FBI sniper.
Crawford and Rogue/Lone battle each other in an intense hand-to-hand fight.
A devastated Crawford reveals his employment and.
When Rogue/Lone reveals his true identity.
He only gave Lone s address because he thought that the Yakuza were only going to beat Lone up  and did not expect the family to be assassinated by Rogue.
Crawford begs Lone  but is rebuffed by Rogue/Lone  finalizing his identity as Rogue.
Goi takes aim.
Rogue/Lone takes out a gun to shoot Crawford.
Crawford jumps  allowing Rogue/Lone to shoot Crawford in the back and get away.
<EOS>
Luke Twain is a drifter.
Who finds a small settlement where everyone has been killed.
Trying to do the right thing and solve the gruesome mystery  he finds himself taking a journey.
<EOS>
The plot concerns two twins.
Who adore soccer but whose team plays badly.
They find Rudy to be the best soccer player ever.
The twins  mother takes over.
When their dad  who is their coach  has to go away.
The team just might win the championship game.
But soon the twins find out.
Rudy is actually George Patrick Owens  a famous professional Scottish soccer player who s gone incognito.
The film was filmed.
<EOS>
Douglas ` Dougie  Whooly is a nine year old boy obsessed.
Which he plays Satan s little helper.
Dougie and his mother go to pick up Dougie s sister Jenna.
Who has been away studying acting  but is coming home to spend Halloween with her brother.
Dougie is excited to see his sister  declaring he wants to marry her.
The reunion turns sour.
When Dougie finds out she has brought her boyfriend  Alex.
She introduces him.
Alex attended a different high school.
Dougie treats Alex  angrily turns on Jenna.
He runs off.
Dougie wanders and finds a man - dressed in a cheap costume with a horned mask - carrying a dead woman out of a house.
Dougie believes the woman to be an impressively realistic dummy  and watches.
The man fusses.
Dougie follows.
When the man finally goes.
Naively believes.
When he sees the man arranging another dead body as if it were a decoration  Dougie goes up to him.
The man is Satan  which he accepts.
Their mother convinces Jenna to try from last year.
Dougie is.
Jenna refuses to wear her mother s renaissance slut outfit.
Her mother persists.
She s surprised and impressed personality to go with the costume.
When she finally gives in.
Sexy she looks  and tries on a British accent.
She reprises a few times.
Alex decides by dressing as Satan for Halloween  leaving with Dougie to get a costume.
Her mother scolds her.
Jenna and her mother watch them go.
Jenna brushes off.
She tells her mother.
She ca nt wait to see what Alex is.
Dougie and Satan knock out Alex  so they can bond with each other.
Dougie brings Satan home.
Whom everyone believes to be Alex.
Satan is obviously taken with her sexy appearance and immediately seizes her breasts and begins.
Touching her body  to which Jenna is flattered  but believes is just Alex playing the part of his costume.
She coyly leads him up.
Where she initially enjoys his attentions.
However  he refuses to speak.
He responds violently.
When she attempts to remove his mask to kiss him.
She decides and ignores it.
It s a part.
He begins choking her.
When she has had enough fondling and wants to stop.
Dougie  not understanding the sexual interest  unknowingly saves her.
Satan has taken.
When he barges.
Satan stops to avoid upsetting Dougie.
His sister decides to play the situation off.
They instead steal.
When Satan and Dougie leave to get Halloween candy.
Tools needed  and then attack and kill several people  including Alex s dad  which Dougie believes is merely part of a game.
They engage in a killing spree involving a grocery cart.
The police accost them.
Walking. 
Satan tells Dougie to run home.
He murders the police.
We soon find out.
All the police are now dead.
Dougie returns home to wait.
She begins to think.
When Dougie tells Jenna.
Alex is pushing the game too far.
She waits to come home.
His new personality starts to frighten her  she realizes.
He arrives.
He is not wearing the right shoes.
He is nt Alex.
She dismisses it and just thinks.
When Jenna tries to tell her mother it s not Alex.
The two are taking their acting too seriously.
Dougie s father comes home.
He ventures upstairs and is brutally killed in front of the rest of the family.
Dougie is finally horrified.
What he s seeing  realizing it s real and not a game  and flees when his mother tells him to.
Jenna tries to call the police.
The killer menaces her mother.
There s no one to answer.
He kidnaps their mother.
Alex startles her.
Jenna tries to follow.
They both go.
The killer  who they believe is a boy they saw  Billy.
He was arrested.
They break to steal new costumes as disguises  so they can get close enough to stop him.
The killer knows what they both look.
The killer takes the mother.
Everyone assumes.
The tape wrapped all is part of her costume  and believes the killer is her husband in costume.
They all find the her ` costume  hilarious.
The killer poses   pours deadly chemicals into the punch.
Grabs other women s breasts and when no one is looking.
Dougie is in terror of the doorbell.
The town begins.
He resentfully pulls off pieces.
He prays.
Jenna and Alex try to get close.
Unfortunately.
Jenna realizes the killer was nt Alex.
Recognizes. 
He tauntingly lifts a final piece and wraps it over her mother s nose  then pushes her deeper into the crowd.
The rest fails to grasp the peril  pushing the staggering woman from one person to another  laughingly picking her up.
When she falls.
She realizes.
When Jenna reaches her.
She ca nt get  due to her lack of nails.
Right  she manages to pull off the tape.
Her mother is lost.
Alex follows and confronts the killer.
Who somehow leads him to believe he is Alex s father.
He takes Alex s gun  shoots his own hand  and gives it back before walking away.
Jenna and Alex go.
Where they see ` Satan  is standing outside.
They unmask him to reveal Alex s father.
He is shot and falls down.
Jenna leaves to pick up her family  telling Alex not to blame himself.
Dougie believes.
His prayers are answered when he opens the door to reveal ` God .
Dougie is convinced to follow him  believing that .
God  does nt talk  and that because he s bleeding ` real blood   he must really be God.
Jenna finds Dougie.
Who tells her.
She brings him home  and  realizes.
Alex s father died earlier and ` God  is ` Satan.
Their mother arrives.
Jenna remembers.
Alex thinks the killer is dead  and tries to call and warn him  too late.
He s dragged off.
Jenna wants to go find him  but is held back.
They go investigate  armed.
When they hear a noise.
They violently attack it  only discovering.
When they see the Jesus costume.
That it s Alex they ve killed instead.
Upstairs  Dougie spots a rescue helicopter  and tries to use a police car radio to ask.
Dougie believes.
When a police officer steps up.
He came.
The family lets him inside.
The officer steps back and spray paints a 6 - 66.
The rest go deeper into the house.
We can clearly see.
He s wearing a mask.
The movie ends.
When the screen goes black  before the credits roll  Jenna asks  Mom.
<EOS>
Sydney L.
Pythias  a ` juvenile delinquent.
Who is mistaken.
Mike Damon  a police officer.
Who tries to straighten him out.
Pythias finally proves his worth by graduating and become a police officer.
<EOS>
Too Much pays homage.
Is Enough.
Tragically  Groulx s career was cut short.
He was seriously injured.
Richard Brouillette met regularly with Groulx  recording the latter s thoughts on his work and life.
Too Much is Enough combines footage.
Groulx gave while.
<EOS>
An old villager brings his 8-year-old grandson Parshuraam to diagnose the child s eyes.
They are accompanied.
Vichare is asked to sign usual papers before admission in hospital.
He learns.
The papers say the doctor would not be responsible if anything goes wrong.
Vichare  the rustic grandfather finds these terms unacceptable.
A medical social worker named Asawari.
Who is present there  quickly comes and explains the practice to Vichare.
She calms down Vichare and accompanies them.
Dr Sane quickly diagnoses child -- a rare retinal cancer.
Doctor finds.
Only way to save child s life is to perform an operation that will leave the child blind.
Doctor explains this and insists child be informed of this before surgery.
He can not be operated.
It was.
Asawari prey.
Who helps the doctor  tries to keep track of Vichare and persuades him not fall.
She tries to befriend Parshya to explain him.
What is going to happen.
However  she finds.
It is too difficult to explain that he will turn blind.
The film then depicts the grandfather s struggle to accept the reality.
The only way to save his grandson is.
He tries various ways to come.
His personal agony is shown.
His grandson loses his eyesight.
The surgery has to be postponed by a day.
That afternoon  grandfather and grandson disappear.
A frantic search follows.
Confronted  the grandfather states quite simply.
He wanted to show Parshya the sights last time.
Shwaas has been applauded.
Depict the difficulty faced to explain to grandfather and Parshya that nothing can be done.
The truth is but inevitable.
It shows the medical fraternity  with the doctors and nurses being extremely supportive and doing the best  and helping the village with the best facilities.
They can.
The last shot was widely appreciated.
Where Parshya returns home wearing dark glasses  waving from the boat.
<EOS>
On the eve of the decisive battle of Borodino  a French secret agent steals a battle plan of the Russian troops.
This fact is known.
Tarusov joins a regiment  and finds new friends.
Together they have many adventures.
<EOS>
Professor Harrington approaches Dr Julian Karswell  the leader of a satanic cult  promising to call off an investigation of the cult.
Karswell will call off what he has started.
Karswell says.
He will do all that he can.
A parchment has disintegrated.
A demon materialises.
Harrington arrives.
Fleeing  Harrington crashes into a telegraph pole.
Apparently causes falling power lines to electrocute him.
Dr John Holden arrives to attend a convention.
Where Harrington had intended to expose Karswell s cult.
Holden is informed and.
The only link and Karswell s cult is an accused murderer  Rand Hobart  who has fallen into a catatonic stupor.
Holden rejects the idea.
Harrington s collaborators consider the possibility.
Holden visits the British Museum s library to examine books on witchcraft.
A book Harrington requests is discovered to be missing.
He is approached.
Who offers to show Holden his own copy.
Holden meets the dead man s niece  Joanna.
Who provides him.
The diary reveals Harrington s increasing fear.
Holden remains sceptical  but goes to Karswell s mansion the next day.
There  Holden and Karswell mock one.
Another s beliefs.
A very strong windstorm abruptly starts.
Karswell claims to have created.
Karswell grows angry and predicts.
When Holden continues to mock him.
Holden will die.
-LCB- -LCB- listen -RCB- -RCB- At his hotel  Holden and his colleagues discuss Karswell and make plans to further examine Rand Hobart.
Harrington s diary mentions the parchment passed by Karswell  Holden finds a parchment with runic inscriptions.
Karswell secretly passed at the library.
Powerful winds come  blowing the parchment from his fingers.
It nearly burns.
Holden rescues and pockets it.
Holden begins to feel more uneasy to Hobart s family.
Who disowned Hobart as not a true believer.
The parchment flies again.
Holden leaves.
Hobart s family become fearful and declare Holden to be chosen.
Holden compares the parchment s runes.
Joanna takes Holden.
Who has arranged a seance.
The medium begins to channel Harrington.
Who tells them that Karswell has the key.
Holden leaves  dismissive.
That night  Holden breaks.
He is caught  but is permitted to leave.
Holden leaves and finds himself being chased by a living ball of smoke.
Holden finds.
The phenomenon has vanished.
He reports the event but feels embarrassed  believing.
He is falling.
Mrs Karswell telephones Joanna  imploring her to tell Holden.
Rand Hobart knows the secret.
All this evil must end  Miss Harrington.
Karswell kidnaps Joanna to prevent her reaching Holden.
Holden prepares an experiment to break Hobart s stupor.
Hobart reveals.
He was chosen to die.
Hobart goes berserk and throws himself.
When Holden shows Hobart the parchment he received.
Informed  Holden  convinced now  races to catch it.
Karswell is leaving London.
He must return the parchment to save himself.
He finds Karswell.
Karswell avoids any contact to guard against the parchment being passed back to him and grows increasingly fearful.
Karswell tries to leave.
When the train stops.
Holden manages to sneak the parchment.
The parchment flies.
Karswell realises this.
He chases it down.
Where the parchment burns.
A demon appears  seizes Karswell  and slashes him  tossing his body onto the tracks.
An oncoming train approaches.
The station crew find his mangled body and believe.
He was struck.
<EOS>
The film opens.
Where Matt Caulfield and his friends are watching television.
There  they witness President Lyndon B.
Johnson inform us not to rerun in the upcoming election.
Matt and the rest of the students celebrate by smoking marijuana.
An uncool student is disturbed by the boys  racket  and upon being pelted with junkfood by the boys for telling them to be quiet  he calls the police.
Matt and his roommates are caught smoking  and are banned from college campus.
Matt returns home.
Where he is faced before being shipped off to Vietnam.
<EOS>
Lynda La Plante scripted this TV miniseries surrounding a Mafia don.
Sicilian magnate Don Luciano and his wife Graziella live comfortably.
Their son Michael has an affair  leaving her pregnant but unmarried.
Refuses to traffic drugs  angry U.
S.
Mob boss Carolla retaliates.
She almost immediately gives birth.
Sophia s given a hard blow when another pregnant woman tells her of his death.
Living  but determined to keep her son  she goes alone by herself to confront the Luciano family for money to support her son.
However  the Luciano s are still cooping and refuse admission to anyone   through the gates.
Its family or those that work.
Sophia still continues to try to seek an audience with them.
Only to be violently handled and almost thrown on the road.
One  taking pity on her  lets her in.
He and his mother  Graziella  nurse the tired Sophia.
There  she and Constantino fall in love.
However  none  including Constantino  know of her being Michael s former lover or of her son s existence.
Roberto  sees Constantino s affections and makes it clear to his wife.
He does nt approve  mostly due to being poor and considered lower class.
However  Graziella eventually gets her husband to understand Sophia and accept her.
Sophia secretly learns something devastating.
The engagement is good news.
The nuns had to treat her son and gave him up for adoption.
She spent so long and took too long of time to contact the convent.
Sophia still keeps this a secret.
She eventually recovers and marries Constantino.
The story begins to show some  Alfredo the one and Fredrico.
Who constantly hopes to please their father.
Who is something and does nt like being told what to do.
Teresa Scorpio  daughter  is chosen by Graziella for Fredrico to marry.
But Fredrico is openly opposed.
His objections  he and Alfredo are sent to New York to meet with her.
Fredrico happily sees Moyra  the former girlfriend.
Fredrico blows off his date with Teresa.
Alfredo  reluctantly goes.
Both men fall with the women  during their dates.
Alfredo and Teresa marry and stay to run her family business.
It is clear.
Sophia is feeling unhappy  though mostly because everyone  including Graziella  is pressuring the couple into having children.
They ve had no luck.
The couple have been trying.
Fredrico makes a surprise appearance  this clearly appalls Roberto  seeing her as a tramp.
Roberto pulls his son aside and angrily demands he kick Moyra out and meet a nice girl.
Graziella has picked and that this time he wo nt refuse.
However  both he and Moyra argue loudly.
Sophia comes.
But Moyra has had enough.
Loudly announces.
She and Fredrico are married and is pregnant.
Tired  she therefore announces.
She wo nt have the baby support it.
However  this triggers her to go.
She loses the baby  most likely.
She tells Sophia  he just was nt breathing.
I had a son  perfect.
She cries.
Fredrico will divorce her because she lost the baby.
She and Constantino have a small disagreement because his family clearly disapprove of Moyra.
Coming  Sophia stands up for her but during this.
She breaks down.
She sobs due.
Same night  she attempts to ask one of the nuns.
Where her son is.
Sophia  once again faces more heart-breaking news.
Her son and his adopted parents were apparently killed.
Again  unknown.
She s depressed.
Teresa and Alfredo have a daughter named Rosa  Moyra s accepted into the family.
Sophia s boutiques have become very popular.
She and Constantino also gain wonderful news  she s pregnant.
She soon gives birth.
Elsewhere  Sophia s son called.
Luka  is revealed to be alive.
But he s a violent child and is almost feral.
Who tend.
He eventually befriends a sickly young man named Giorgio  the son.
He and Luka develop a brotherly friendship.
However  Luka s violence and personality has nt changed.
Much  much to Giorgio s dismay.
Giorgio soon dies  but makes his father promise to look out.
To appease his son s dying wish  Pietro adopts Luka  not knowing.
Not too long after  the Lucianos are finally able to have Pietro arrested and face trial.
Rosa is also expected to marry a young man  close.
Believing  all go out for dinner to celebrate.
Their family is finally getting closure.
Meanwhile  back  the women are helping Rosa prepare her wedding dress.
Unknown  the sadistic Luka  along with Carolla s men  decide to get their own revenge.
Carolla s allies have the men s wine poisoned  making.
It seemingly appear like they had.
Luka sneaks and quietly shoots Sophia s sons  not knowing.
They were.
He s murdering his own family.
The women are struck.
What has happened.
It wo nt be an easy road.
Apparently they lose all their money.
Mario Domino commits suicide.
There are threats.
Luka goes  proudly admitting.
He killed Sophia s sons to please him.
Pietro is greatly disgusted.
Curses him.
The next day   the women plan to get their revenge and shoot him in court.
But Luka  Pietro and escapes the courthouse.
He is accidentally hit during his escape.
They tend and befriend him  unknown to his connections to Carolla or for that matter his true connection to Sophia.
Luka tells them he s an American.
He charms all the women and eventually gains Rosa s affections.
He still tries to seduce all the women   not knowing of his genetic relation to them.
He gets back at some of Carolla s men by murdering one of the hitmen and placing him in their car.
To gain some money back  Luka  Teresa  Grizella  Rosa  and Moyra go to get money from her ex-boyfriend  Nicky Diamond.
He and Moyra struggle.
Luka aggressively gets Nicky to tell them the combination.
Moyra leaves  not knowing.
Luka has killed Nicky.
The women find.
Graziella has oddly enough won a big lottery.
Meanwhile   Sophia befriends an apparent American mafia man named Vito Giancamo and his son Michael.
Sophia politely declines Vito s offer and instead offers Rosa.
Michael is interested.
Vito agrees.
Michael is soon arranged to be engaged.
Not long.
That settled  the police come and reveal Luka s true identity and that he s murdered several people  including the American whose name he used.
Realizing  she goes and prepares a poisoned meal for him.
He s responsible.
She informs them.
When Luka arrives.
They all help her serve him the poisoned food and wine.
The women immediately bind him and confront him.
He becomes weak.
He shows no remorse  including killing the children.
The women all leave the room and wait.
Rosa  still apparently having feelings  tries to show him mercy or pity.
Luka  is ungrateful and spits  leaving her heartbroken to see his true colors.
Sophia  deciding to face him  stays.
He is dying.
She eventually stabs Luka out of rage.
She sees the necklace.
She does.
She had once left.
She begs him to demand  he says.
Luka dies.
Where he got it  with his dying breath.
His mother left it.
Sophia is shattered to discover.
Luka is her son  and that she has murdered him.
Afterwards  the women burn his body and her clothes.
They do not know  but know.
Luka was Sophia s son.
Sophia was the one.
Graziella makes Sophia the new head.
The scene then goes to show Rosa and Michael s wedding   including Carolla s allies.
It is revealed the women plan to finish out their revenge.
Sophia and Teresa watch the young couple.
Who helped murder their husbands.
The Giancamo family will remain.
Moyra eventually comes  with the poisoned wine glass for Victor Muzetti one of Carolla s men.
It is hinted.
Moyra may marry Vito Giancamo  since he s a widower.
She goes.
Sophia watches Muzetti leave.
Nostalgically looking  she soon opens.
It and it is revealed to have another photo.
The photo has all  crossing Muzetti s face first.
The movie ends.
The men call the devil s eyes.
<EOS>
A Jewish man buries two suitcases to his heart in the ground.
Escaping during WWII.
The war deprived him.
Afterwards he endlessly turns to find the suitcases  an obsessive compulsion.
He keeps checking old maps and keeps digging  trying to find.
What he lost.
His daughter Chaya is a beautiful modern girl looking.
She finds a place.
Her secular manners clearly fly.
One.
She is accepted.
Mother is absolutely overburdened by the household.
Who is normally an indisputable authority.
She develops a special bond.
Who seems incapable.
She encourages him to speak.
Walking. 
It appears.
Simcha will be able to chant the section of the Haggadah usually reserved for the youngest speaking participant - the Four Questions.
Simcha s nerves prevent him from chanting.
His brothers begin to chant instead.
Simcha finally lifts his voice.
The entire family   applauds his efforts.
His judgemental father does not recognize this great step  but instead criticizes the boy.
Chaya confronts the father  and  discovers his own pain as a Holocaust survivor  and begins to understand her own parents  grief.
The anti-Semitic superintendent is a constant problem for the entire family and now for Chaya.
However   she refuses to be a victim and does not put up with his anti-Semitic tricks.
She fights him  thus exciting the children s admiration and father s wrath.
Unfortunately  walks  after sneaking to the park  he drowns in the pond.
Chasing the ducks he loved so much.
Some hold Chaya responsible for his death.
However.
Where Chaya goes.
Chaya felt a deep connection.
His mother rips Chaya s shirt.
Is a sign.
The boy s father finally   acknowledges Chaya s connection.
Silently. 
When she observes the graveside service.
Chaya s experience allows her to finally accept her parents  past  and to embrace her own Jewishness.
The film is a commentary.
<EOS>
The film is a documentary look at home in the Cevennes  particularly his aunt Suzette.
<EOS>
This documentary looks deep.
Who had won the National Award.
Article Also very interesting facts about Satyajit Ray  Ritwik Ghatak & Mrinal Sen are revealed.
<EOS>
The story begins.
Whose father is a DCP.
He has a strong repulsion.
Whose father also happens to be an ACP.
Their fathers are very good friends.
The children are sworn enemies.
Vijay differently does a fake kidnap act to get some questions.
Who believes.
This gets him.
Nandini starts.
Hating Vijay arises from the dreaded terrorist Basheer since both the cops arrest his brother in an operation.
He is put.
Who is in the forest decides to take vengeance.
He catches hold of the culprits and gets them to the cops.
His father was being targeted.
Both cop friends are happy and as expected they decide to get their children married to each other.
But  they are kidnapped and taken to the forest  Basheer keeps the lovers as hostages and sets terms for the release of his accomplice.
Then when Vijay and Nandini meet each other  they get to know their identities and fireworks happen between them but before they could leave.
The defiant Vijay finally tries to finds an escape and takes Nandini along with him.
They get  slowly Nandini realizes the intense love.
Lost and though it is all repulsion.
She keeps her growing love inside her.
They encounter many thrilling situations.
Bring them closer.
And these two youngsters are also being chased.
Finally good triumphs are united.
Later both get married.
Ramya makes a brief appearance.
<EOS>
The stories are presented interweaved  although story-wise completely unconnected.
Each story constitutes one episode and works as an independent television film  varying in length between 40 and 60 minutes.
<EOS>
Where does artificial fruit flavoring come.
Holly Hockenberry owns an artificial fruit farm  maintained.
The farm is caught.
Some questionable companies may be involved.
Has caused the farm s profit to plummet.
<EOS>
The film is a love story  based on a Parsi play written by Joseph David.
David later served at Irani s film company.
The story centres.
The main characters are the king and his two warring wives Dilbahar and Navbahar.
Their rivalry escalates.
When a fakir predicts that Navbahar will bear the king s heir.
Dilbahar   attempts to have an affair with the kingdom s chief minister Adil.
The affair goes sour.
A vengeful Dilbahar imprisons him and exiles his daughter  Alam Ara.
Alam Ara is brought up by Gypsies.
Alam Ara meets and falls in love with the charming young prince.
Adil is released  Dilbahar is punished.
The lovers marry.
<EOS>
David Alfred Eaton returns home from the war to find his mother Martha a wretched alcoholic  the victim of years of neglect and abuse from her husband Samuel  the owner of a prestigious iron and steel company.
Samuel emotionally withdrew thirteen years earlier after the death of his beloved son Billy  and still resents the fact.
Billy died while Alfred lives.
Samuel begrudgingly offers his son a position.
Alfred is moving to launch an aircraft business with his old friend Lex Porter.
Alfred makes a play.
Attending a party.
John  the stunning daughter.
Mary is secretly engaged  but she is sexually drawn to Alfred.
Soon the two are embroiled.
Mary s snobbish parents object.
His mother is a drunk  but Mary defies them.
Alfred asks his father.
Samuel humiliates Alfred and begins to sob.
A furious Alfred storms out.
Which Samuel suffers a heart attack.
Alfred receives word.
His father has died.
Certain  Alfred goes ahead.
Samuel has timed his death to spite him.
Lex and Alfred then fund the Nassau Aircraft Corporation.
Alfred becomes impatient.
When Lex shows more interest.
One wintry day  Alfred and Mary are driving home.
When they see a little boy fall.
Alfred plunges to save him.
The boy s grandfather  James Duncan MacHardie  the most famous financier  invites Alfred and Mary to dinner.
MacHardie  a shrewd businessman  senses Alfred s drive and ambition.
MacHardie offers him a job.
When Alfred asserts that his goal is to earn more money than his father.
Obsessed  Alfred travels the country for MacHardie  leaving Mary alone for months at a time.
Lonely and self-pitying  Mary begins to resent Alfred s constant absences.
Creighton Duffy  MacHardie s son-in-law   suggests.
Whose position is threatened.
Alfred spend two months checking out the business aptitude and prospects of Ralph Benziger  a prosperous coal mine owner.
Alfred goes to Pennsylvania.
Invited at Benziger s home.
Where he meets the man s beautiful and compassionate daughter  Natalie.
Lonely and overwhelmed  Alfred impetuously invites her on a date.
She refuses.
He is married.
Later that night  however  Natalie reconsiders and arranges to meet him the following evening.
Alfred confides to Natalie.
Her warmth and generosity has made him realize what a sham his marriage is.
They kiss.
She discovers.
Alfred would prefer to be called David  his given first name.
Natalie still believes.
They must end this relationship before it goes any further.
Alfred is immediately summoned to MacHardie s office.
He is informed.
Mary has been having an affair.
But the archly conservative MacHardie proceeds to warn Alfred  considering it a failure.
He will not tolerate divorce.
MacHardie also assigns him to analyze the Nassau Aircraft Corp.
His former firm  as a possible investment.
One night   Alfred unexpectedly encounters Natalie.
Leaving a party.
Somehow sensing  Mary vindictively calls Roper and makes a date.
Alfred and this woman have been intimate.
Alfred goes to meet Natalie and tells her.
Although he is estranged  his career prevents him from requesting a divorce.
Alfred begins to investigate Nassau Aircraft s business practices.
Duffy   threatens to blackmail Alfred.
Who has become unethically involved and will reap a financial windfall if MacHardie invests in the company.
He suppresses his report.
Alfred and Natalie find themselves unable to resist their attraction.
Photographers hired in and capture their indiscretion.
Natalie  uncertain  decides to leave.
Alfred s main concern is to save her reputation or his career.
Mary  meanwhile  suggests.
They share an open marriage  seeing whomever they please.
The scandalous photos are delivered at his home.
She seductively retires.
The next day  MacHardie ushers in Mary to celebrate Alfred s surprise promotion to partner.
Duffy smirks  only to see Alfred rise and denounce MacHardie s hypocrisy.
Alfred then issues the uncensored report exposing Duffy s duplicity and walks out.
Mary runs.
It is too late.
He leaves her and returns to Natalie s home and a new life.
<EOS>
The first episode opens to reveal a dying Henry VII mistaking his heir Henry VIII.
Concerned  the dying king implores his son to marry his brother s widow Katherine of Aragon and have a son to secure the family line.
Fifteen years later Henry VIII is the most popular King to ever sit.
He still does not have a son.
Elsewhere the Boleyn Family celebrate the engagement of their daughter Anne to Henry Percy the future Earl of Northumberland.
The head assures her father  Thomas Boleyn.
He has the king s ear and that he will give them permission to marry.
But  he quickly finds a reason to be cancelled and wastes no time in persuading her for himself  even riding from his secluded coastal castle to Kent during an outbreak of illness.
The roving eye falls upon Anne.
Finally  his wife Anne is soon pregnant.
For Henry s hopes to be dashed.
Anne delivers.
A daughter  Elizabeth  and Henry s ardor cools  even more so when he meets the sister of two of his courtiers  Jane Seymour.
Anne becomes pregnant once more but goes into premature labor and delivers a stillborn son.
The first episode ends.
Results. 
Meanwhile the country is.
The heavily pregnant Queen goes and finally gives birth to a son.
It is cut short when the Queen dies.
Cromwell  encourages the King to consider marrying the Protestant Anne of Cleves.
Whose power has steadily risen.
The King is repulsed and immediately seeks a way out.
He sets sights.
Sensing the decline the Duke of Norfolk devises a way to snatch the reign to power and arranges for his teenage niece Catherine Howard to enchant the increasingly obese and terrifying King and to eventually marry him.
It soon transpires.
The young Queen has a promiscuous history and is carrying it.
The Queen and her family are arrested.
The young Queen dies  like her cousin Anne Boleyn.
The reformers take the opportunity to consolidate their powers  enhanced by the wedding of the king to Catherine Parr.
Who attempts to unite the royal family.
The film closes.
The King reflects.
His obsession for the young Catherine Howard.
Finally the king s over indulgent lifestyle catches up.
He suffers a seizure and later dies.
He can be successful.
He dies beside him.
The closing scene provides a summary of the lives of the remaining characters  the summary is.
Follows. 
The Duke escaped death.
He was released from the Tower  given a full pardon and regained all his lands and power.
Edward became King Edward VI.
His health was frail.
He died.
Edward Seymour  Lord Protector  ruled by proxy until.
When he was imprisoned and beheaded.
Thomas Seymour did finally marry Katherine Parr  but broke her heart Princess Elizabeth.
When he attempted to seduce the fourteen year old.
He was executed.
Bloody Mary came in.
She burned hundreds as heretics and died embittered and unloved in.
Anne outlived all the wives.
Widely liked and respected  she was buried rich and popular.
Thomas Cranmer continued to lay the foundations  only to be arrested on the orders of Mary I and burnt as a heretic.
And what of Henry.
Elizabeth I  daughter came to the throne in 1558 and ruled England for 45 years.
<EOS>
An American girl finds love and laughter.
Maggie Scott works to Irene Chase  a fashion purchaser for a large clothing store in the United States.
Irene sends Maggie as her representative for the annual fashion shows of the major European designers  but Irene has an ulterior motive.
She wants to keep him away.
Maggie strikes up a romance.
Who was once Irene s boyfriend.
However  Maggie is also being pursued based in Paris  Herb Stone.
To add  Ted decides to fly to Paris in an effort to win Maggie s heart once and for all.
<EOS>
Blanche is freshly installed.
She has a new apartment  a new job and no one under her.
She meets Lea.
Soon she meets an acquaintance.
Who she approaches somewhat awkwardly.
The movie then follows the time-honored plot.
Blanche and Lea switch boyfriends.
The name Lami de mon amie would then literally mean the friend or perhaps the boyfriend of my girlfriend  ami meaning friend  boyfriend in this case  and amie being the female of the word ami with the same general and intended meanings.
<EOS>
The Lamp s introductory scenes suggest.
The film is a tall tale steeped that parody slasher films of the.
The picture opens a cargo ship sailing from the Middle East  bound for the old shipping seaport of Galveston  Texas.
Dead sailors litter the planks.
One crate indicates.
Appears to have been ripped open.
It was bound.
The silence is broken by cries of pain near stairs leading into the ship s hold.
A young Arab woman   struggles to pull herself passes her by.
Jewels emit a faint tinkle and eerie glow before dropping from her wrist.
She raises her arm to stop him.
She dies.
A ship s captain  rushes.
He clings.
He scurries along the dock and then stumbles.
A peculiar sound causes the panicked man to spin around whereupon.
He recognizes the source.
The camera cuts away and gore splash across the cargo crates.
Beside the Captain s body is the unfurled burlap wrap stretching along the wooden plank walkway.
Lies an old lamp  reminiscent of the Arabian magic lamp stories of Aladdin or Ali Baba.
However  this lamp conveys an appearance.
Abruptly  tiny hands enter the scene and remove the lamp.
Is the shimmering tinkling bracelet.
The film s setting dissolves.
Where the lamp is discovered.
Two officers  Detective Adams  and Detective Charles   investigate the crime scene.
Charles spots the lamp  lifts it and peers inside.
A presence observes the two and begins traveling up the spout.
When Charles finding the lamp s bright ruby insert  re-plugs the opening and tosses the object aside.
The antique lamp is transferred.
Dr Al Wallace   the museum s curator and his assistant Dr Theo Bressling   examine the lamp but are interrupted Alex.
Alex reminds her father.
Alex is left alone.
When her father and Dr Bressling leave.
She discovers the bracelet  admires it and tries it.
She can not.
When she tries to remove it.
She attempts to conceal the ornament under a long sleeve blouse.
Eve Ferrell  is one.
Who dates her father.
Eve takes her senior class to Dr Wallace s museum.
Once  strange things ensue.
The lamp summons Alex.
She discovers the lamp.
When she enters her father s office.
Alex rubs it causing the lamp s ruby insert to glow and twist in the small socket at the end of the lamp.
She removes the insert whereupon.
She is met and overcome.
Alex returns to the tour group.
She suggests.
Hang back  hide and then spend the night in the museum.
Her friends  Babs  and her boyfriend Ross  agree  Gwen.
Does Ted s friend Terry  and his girlfriend.
Overhearing the plans are two not so friendly teens  Mike Daley and Tony Greco   the film teen neer -.
Who decide they will do the same unbeknownst.
Unexpectedly  abnormal events ensue.
A giant tusk unexpectedly falls  nearly impaling Eve Wallace.
Dr Bressling works.
When he us.
Spins ever faster as he is pulled.
Alex secretly escorts her friends.
The class is leaving and shows them where to hide.
Unknowingly  Mike and Tony follow them closely.
Each have lied to their parents telling them  thus creating a mass alibi.
They are spending the night.
The museum closes.
Night falls.
The once familiar interiors appear and shapes within the dimly lit display halls of the giant structure.
An operatic singing museum guard strolls the hallways singing the lyrics.
As he sings the final note he takes a bow and the screen goes to black.
<EOS>
The film opens by poachers and then follows  in quasi-documentary style  reporter Ga Yu -LRB- played by Zhang Lei.
Who is sent to investigate.
He meets.
Ritai -LRB- played at the Sky burial of the deceased patrol member.
Ritai is the leader.
Who   roam the land to protect the endangered Tibetan antelope from extinction.
Admitted  Ga becomes a sort of embedded journalist in the hunt for the poachers across Kekexili.
The patrol team hunts down a family and learns from them the whereabouts of their gunman and leader.
But the long journey means and captured poachers.
They can no longer afford to follow on.
They release the poachers and send one.
He did not have sufficient funds.
Ritai tells him to sell some antelope skins to raise the money.
Ga questioned the sales and learns from Ritai.
They have received no funds.
The two remaining vehicles continue the search.
One breaks down.
Ritai ask them to wait to return and pick them up.
Severe weather forces them to trek their way home.
Liu Dong  travelling alone to join Ritai with his vehicle fully stocked with supplies  is swallowed by dry quicksand.
When his vehicle gets stuck.
Ritai and Ga finally finds the gunman and leader.
But  outnumbered and outgunned  Ritai is killed.
Ga is free to go.
He is not a patrol member.
Ritai s body is brought back home.
Subtitles states.
Ga  stunned  writes a stunning report in Beijing which alerted the government of the problems in Kekexili and banned the poaching of Tibetan antelopes.
Foreign countries also banned the import.
Antelope numbers grow back at the time of the movie s release.
<EOS>
A hit woman is contracted to perform one final job.
She leaves her life.
She is now faced.
She accepted.
<EOS>
Will Griffith is hired to secure and protect the mansion  following attempts on his life.
However  his wife Marilyn ends up attracted.
<EOS>
The films opens.
Known  Bharathchandran is feared by many in political and criminal circles alike.
His mentor is Balachandran  the IG of police.
Who is also a fatherly figure.
Indu  a young and brilliant advocate counters Bharat.
It is revealed.
The court is dissolved.
Indu is actually the cousin.
Bharatchandran is then transferred to Trivandrum.
Justice Mahendran  gets killed brutally at his residence.
Who is investigating the Poonthura communal riots.
Bharatchandran  now the City Police Commissioner  takes up the investigation duty.
He is assisted both with same aggressiveness in nature.
Justice Mahendran was supposed to present his investigation report   two senior I.
Had serious allegations.
G.
S. 
The master brain was Mohan Thomas  a Delhi based business tycoon  with strong political clout both at state and center.
Mohan Thomas is also involved.
Bharathchandran  finds out.
Mohan Thomas is the culprit and also understands serious involvements Sunny Thomas in underworld activities.
Bharatchandran bravely arrests Sunny Thomas.
It goes after a massive riot in the College compound.
Bharath arrests Srilatha Varma  a lawyer.
Who is now also a mistress.
But she gets brutally murdered by Wilfred Vincent Baston  a Goa-based hitman and a close follower of Mohan Thomas.
Bharath then arrests both Rajan Felix and Menon.
Who reveals several shocking information.
The police then hunts down Antony Ignatius Pemento  the right hand but get crucial leads to Wlfred from him.
Ikbal gets murdered sinisterly.
Bharatchandran  kills Vincent and then Mohan Thomas in an out-house  by taking law in his own hands.
<EOS>
The story centres and.
S.
P.
Ravanan Varghese hunts down the killers.
Popularly known.
His aggressive and belligerent style begins the investigation.
Jagathy Sreekumar plays the sub-inspector assisting him.
Forms the rest.
Ravanan solves the murder mystery.
<EOS>
Betty Boop runs the.
Guests have lots.
Grampy remedies the guests  complaints.
<EOS>
The movie presents the life.
Where men are.
Some are wrongfully accused and convicted  there is nothing else in their future but the electric chair.
Richard Walters is condemned he claims he never committed.
His friends are trying to find evidence.
The drama unfolds.
He is innocent.
A clip was used by progressive rock band Rush as their intro to the song Lock and Key during its performance on the Hold Your Fire tour  later released on the Show of Hands laserdisc.
<EOS>
C.
C.
Ryder falls in  and then rescues Ann from trouble with the same gang.
There next occurs a motocross race tied.
The Heads disrupt the event  but C.
C.
Ryder enters the race to gain Ann s favor.
This puts him.
The gang kidnaps Ann.
When Ryder wins the race and leaves.
Ryder must ride back to save her.
<EOS>
The Mallory Pelas were a secret organization.
Led  they plant dynamite to destroy plant shafts and equipment.
Richard Harris portrays real life Pinkerton Detective James McParland.
Who was employed to infiltrate the Mollies.
Kehoe and McParlan are working class immigrants with essentially the same aspiration -- advancement in the new society.
Which they have come.
McParlan coldly betrays the group.
Kehoe kills to advance his cause.
McParlan also develops a romantic interest.
She ends up offended.
Awaiting execution  Kehoe tells his erstwhile ally  Detective McParlan retorts that  See you in hell.
No punishment short can redeem his treachery.
<EOS>
Adelaide is a florist.
Who begins.
However  Nello  a pizza cook  interposes  seducing Adelaide as well.
The situation ensues.
Which she is injured and hospitalized.
Then  the three decide to live together but  eventually  the confused Adelaide leaves them after attempting suicide  to get involved romantically with Ambleto  a butcher.
Nonetheless  Nello the cook attempts suicide and the moved Adelaide returns.
Oreste   intervenes again.
Who is unemployed now.
Adelaide refuses both so another fight ensues.
Causes the death.
<EOS>
The inhabitants of the town are dying from a mysterious plague.
Seems to be spreading.
Even the local doctor  Peter Thompson  can not combat the disease.
Alarmed  Thompson sends from his friend Sir James Forbes.
Accompanying Sir James is his daughter Sylvia.
Sir James and Dr Thompson disinter the corpses.
Were recently buried.
The men find all the coffins empty.
Sir James is informed.
The squire lived for several years and practiced voodoo rituals  as well as black magic.
This information leads him to research.
Later that evening  Squire Hamilton pays Sylvia a visit.
Purposely  Hamilton manages to shatter a wine glass.
Sylvia happens to cut her finger.
Secretly  the Squire conceals a piece into his coat pocket and departs.
Hamilton uses his voodoo magic to lure the heroine into venturing in the dark woods.
She is led.
Will transform her.
Sir James investigates the Squire s house and finds some small figures.
Thompson follows Sylvia.
The Squire uses.
The room is accidentally set ablaze  Sir James barely managing to escape after threatening a servant.
Who notices the inferno on the mine.
He races to join Thompson   causing their zombie counterparts to do the same and go crazy.
The figures in the coffins catch fire.
Using the distraction caused crazed  thus the plague is ended.
Zombies Sir James and the doctor rescue Sylvia and flee as they listen to the anguished screams of Hamilton and his zombies.
<EOS>
Joanna  a New Orleans woman  arrives.
Whom she has married.
Leiningen is cold and remote  rebuffing all her attempts to make friends with him.
She s beautiful  independent  and arrives ready to be his stalwart helpmate  however  no one has told him.
She s a widow.
He rejects her.
They learn.
She awaits the boat to take her back.
Legions - the Marabunta - will strike in a few days  time.
Leiningen refuses to give up the home.
He fought so hard to create.
He resolves to make a stand against this indomitable natural predator.
Joanna joins the fight to save the plantation  their courage and his probable loss.
He s worked.
<EOS>
A film crew shoots a black-and-white science fiction film about the survivors on a post-apocalyptic Earth  titled The Survivors.
The shooting stops.
When the production runs out.
The crew waits for money to arrive or a sign from vanished producer Gordon.
The film depicts some.
They grow restless and bored.
Director Friedrich Munro finally sets off to find Gordon.
Who hides because of money he owes to the Mafia.
Both men are shot by an unseen assassin.
<EOS>
Serbia becomes the target of the Ottoman Empire.
A Turkish renegade gang burns his castle  kills all  and takes the young wife of Banovic Strahinja.
The respected Serbian noble Strahinja Banovicc is.
Strahinja begins a long quest to rescue his wife in her fidelity.
Strahinja gathers a posse and goes after the bandits.
The Turkish bandit Alija tries to seduce Strahinja s wife Anda.
She refuses him.
However  she begins to weaken.
<EOS>
The astronauts fly to India on a symposium on animal protection of the Galaxy.
Transformed. 
A result finds himself in a scout s camp situated near Moscow.
The astronaut manages to reach India.
<EOS>
Edward have succeeded  after a lengthy expedition  in discovering a pure mineral water.
Where an alternate nineteenth century Europe has made tremendous strides.
They believe.
The water can be harnessed.
An experiment goes terribly wrong  with Edward being engulfed in freezing gases  but results in the creation of a strange spherical apparatus.
Three years later   Edward s son  Ray Steam  is an avid young inventor.
Who works as a maintenance boy  often working on a personal steam-powered monowheel at home.
His friend Emma and her brother Thomas have recently been sent over to stay from a business trip.
He usually lives alone.
Ray s life is suddenly disrupted from his grandfather Lloyd  the metallic ball seen earlier  along with its schematics and a letter instructing him to guard it.
Then  Alfred and Jason  two members called.
The OHara Foundation arrive and attempt to steal the ball.
Lloyd appears just to distract them  allowing Ray to escape with the package.
He manages to activate his monowheel as more agents  operating a large steam automotive  give chase  succeeding in thwarting it on a railway line by putting it in the way of an incoming train.
Robert Stephenson   was on his way to Manchester to meet with the elder Dr Steam  and happens to be on the train.
Who was the intended recipient.
However   a zeppelin carrying Alfred descends  taking the ball with them.
The train approaches the station.
Arriving  sometime prior to the 1866 Great Exhibition  during a small dining session Ray meets Scarlett OHara  the spoiled granddaughter of the Foundation s head chairman  Archibald Simon  an administrator of the company  and finally his father Edward.
Who has been partially mechanized from the Alaskan experiment.
He promptly takes Ray  an elaborate facility run by an army of engineers  and entirely powered by the compressed gas in three Steam Balls.
Of which was the one sent.
He is enamored.
His father s vision.
Ray is then quickly recruited to help complete the castle  and begins developing a love/hate friendship.
Who has become attracted.
Ray later encounters Lloyd again  and is attempting to sabotage it  knowing.
Who has escaped.
Eddie s intentions were evil.
The Foundation s true intentions is to sell weapons to Britain s enemies.
Ray struggles with the moral dichotomy of being a scientist  of  conveying his conflict towards his father  and the one brewing between Eddie and Lloyd.
To contribute without giving into vanity.
The two eventually reach the core section  and manage to pry away one of the steam balls.
Security surrounds them.
Lloyd is shot and recaptured.
Ray makes another elaborate escape.
The next morning  the exhibition is underway.
Ray has reunited  giving him the ball and the knowledge.
He acquired.
An assault is then met with a demonstration by the Foundation of its new steam-powered weapons.
Turn the exhibition.
Ray becomes aware.
When Stephenson uses the ball to enhance his own company s battle tanks.
He had no better intentions.
Eddie  eager to show the world the castle  enters the observation/control room and orders  causing the structure to rise and shed its decorative outer shell  revealing a monstrous floating fortress  the steam generated flooding the city and freezing everything in its path.
The engineers to launch it.
Ray steals the ball again to create a makeshift rocket vehicle.
Attempts to gain entry attempts in vain to shoot it down.
Scarlett has since become worried  and has found herself trapped in the castle.
Searching. 
She is.
Ray arrives.
Lloyd confronts Eddie before shooting him with a stolen gun  and having his body disappear in a cloud of steam.
The structure has become unstable and threatens to explode over the city.
The castle steered off course.
Lloyd and Ray rush to redirect the castle  defeating Alfred.
Who is controlling a pair.
Eddie   appears alive and decides to lend a hand.
Whose metal body repelled the gunshot.
Ray reinstalls the stolen steam ball  and makes his way to make a final escape with Scarlett on an emergency jet pack  and leave as well.
Eddie and Lloyd halt the machine.
The castle eventually detonates  sparing the city of most of the destruction.
The ending montage reveals Ray returning home  and later becoming a global superhero using the jet pack gear  his grandfather Lloyd introducing Ray to electricity and finally passing away  the Great War  his father Eddie founding a corporate conglomerate  and Scarlett maturing and becoming a famous pilot.
Is fought.
<EOS>
A college freshman Ramsy  played  played by Ami Dolenz.
When he asks.
<EOS>
The crew comes back to Earth  one of its crew members having been struck in the arm by a tiny meteor.
Evidently contains alien lifeforms.
This alien life parasitizes its human hosts to evolve.
The Oklahomas chief medical officer works to stop the spread.
The alien life will take over.
<EOS>
The film starts.
He enters a cube  and is sprayed  but thinks.
It is only water.
However   a piece falls off.
When he rubs the back.
He realizes.
His body is disintegrating  and that he was sprayed.
He then melts  screaming.
A man named Eric watching this with his co-worker named Dodd  reveals.
It is only a filmed tape.
Afterwards  Eric is shown to be sketching a portrait.
Who has a chess board.
Eric is not looking.
Eric is vastly intelligent  so he can already calculate all.
He asks Dodd questions about their missing colleagues.
Dodd tells him not to ask too many questions or get involved.
It would nt make those upstairs happy.
Both Eric and Dodd get an order.
Asks them to record the dream.
Eric sees.
She was captured  while walking named Anna.
Cassandra meets the other occupants of the Cube.
One has a tattoo on his forehead like the soldier.
Who captured Cassandra.
However  Haskell   has no recollection of his former life  nor  he only knows his name.
He got here.
What Eric and Dodd know.
Only the consent form will he or she then be placed.
A person signs.
Eric discovers.
There is no consent form and argues with Dodd that they should inform the people upstairs about this.
Meanwhile  Eric and Dodd get lunch  from the elevator.
Is actually a pill containing a flavour they have ordered.
The phone rings.
When he is about to make a call.
They are instructed to perform the exit procedure.
Who has reached one and is facing his final challenge.
They see.
It is one.
Owen is first asked.
He remembers his name.
Owen is then asked.
He believes  and when he answers no  Eric is ordered to press the no button.
Owen is immediately incinerated.
He does.
Eric argues.
Which he says that he said no  and that no one said yes.
Eric realizes.
The Cube is inhumane  and that those upstairs are planning to place people without their consent and that they will just randomly place anyone inside The Cube.
He decides to enter The Cube to help Cassandra escape it.
He distracts Dodd and enters the elevator.
Contain only three buttons  UP  MIDDLE  and DOWN.
He selects DOWN  and enters the room.
Jax  one  and two of his analysts arrive from upstairs to stop Eric from helping Cassandra.
Who monitor the employees.
Eric and Cassandra make it to the exit room with the help of Dodd   saying.
Who sabotages the control panels servicing The Cube  and swallows the main power coupler.
You will have to take it out.
Jax kills him  and cuts his stomach and gets the coupler.
The sabotage reset the Cube and caused every trap to shut down.
Eric planned.
He also informs Cassandra.
They only have 10 minutes to escape before The Cube enters the Reset Mode  which vaporizes every living thing.
Haskell catches them  now a hacked soldier.
Eric and Cassandra reach an exit room.
Who tries to capture them.
They escape using a secret auxiliary exit.
As The Cube enters Reset Mode  which vaporizes Haskell.
They escape and end up in the forest.
However  soldiers searching have already arrived.
Cassandra manages to escape.
Eric is shot and passes out.
Eric wakes up and confronts Jax.
Who reveals that Cassandra may have gotten away.
Eric had been found guilty against country and God.
He has been sentenced and will be implanted with a brain microchip.
Jax claims.
Eric has already been convicted.
Jax shows him his consent form and says.
He had been put not as a victim  but as an observer  with his memory reprogramed so he would have no memory about his past life.
Eric dreams.
Eric is then given a lobotomy  and placed.
He would have no emotion.
This time  he is the victim.
His behavior is identical.
<EOS>
Tells the story.
When I Dance.
Who pursue their dreams.
<EOS>
The film opens up.
Who resides.
An impeccably stylish lad  Alfie funds his hedonistic lifestyle by working as a driver for the local limousine service.
Meeting  romancing  and seducing women comes to Alfie.
He refers.
Whom he regularly meets after work in the back of his limo.
Dorie may desire their liaison to grow into something more  he decides to stop all contact.
Alfie ultimately views women as expendable  cutting them loose.
Soon as he feels they re starting to cramp his style.
Alfie s best friend  Marlon  is also a limo driver.
The two are working on a plan.
Would eventually see them start their own business.
However   Marlon is preoccupied with trying to win back his ex-girlfriend  Lonette.
Who dumped him after he hesitated to commit  and is now   stubbornly unresponsive to his reconciliation attempts.
Marlon eventually turns to Alfie for help by having him put in a good word with Lonette.
This takes place late one night.
Where Lonette is waitressing.
Alfie is trying to persuade her to take Marlon back  however  the conversation soon goes and eventually after a few drinks  they end up having passionate sex on the pool table.
The staff is closing up.
Alfie is so terrified.
He ever gets the word.
Lonette got back after her conversation with Alfie.
Alfie is informed.
He arrives.
She no longer wants to see him since she found the proof.
He seems to take it.
He disappears down her street.
Alfie soon gets another unpleasant piece  she is pregnant with his child.
The two of them visit a clinic in order for her to have an abortion.
Soon afterwards  Marlon and Lonette unexpectedly move upstate.
Alfie is then faced.
Causes him plenty.
He visits a doctor.
Who performs an examination and reassures him there s nothing wrong physically that would stand  thus writing his erectile problems off to probably stress.
However  it s not all good news.
The same doctor locates a lump  indicating a possibility.
Alfie immediately has a test run and spends a few anxious days awaiting the results.
Alfie meets an older man named Joe in the clinic bathroom.
Which he reveals he s a widower.
Day like it s your last.
This is followed he wants someone to talk to.
Soon afterwards  luckily  Alfie finds out.
He does nt have cancer.
Alfie takes.
The whole erection episode followed to heart and decides that aiming higher in his love life will be his new resolution.
He picks up a beautiful young woman named Nikki before Christmas.
They quickly embark.
Alfie is not happy about having to endure Nikki s wild mood swings and reckless behavior.
Occur. 
He sets his sights.
Beginning to distance himself emotionally.
Whom he meets.
She   seemingly displays no intent to move their relationship past the physical stage.
Alfie is clearly quite taken.
Unsurprisingly  his infatuation serves as the final catalyst.
Leads. 
Not long afterwards  a chance meeting renews his feelings for her.
She s now happily involved with someone else  filling Alfie with feelings of regret over his years of thoughtless womanizing.
A trip upstate to visit Marlon.
His now-wife  Lonette  reveals.
She never actually went.
Alfie also learns.
Marlon accepted the baby and cares now as though it s his biological child  all of which leaves Alfie feeling horrible.
Downcast and gloomy  Alfie digs up the number given by a man named Joe from the clinic bathroom and calls him up.
Walking along the beach together  Joe imparts some words to Alfie.
He then turns for reassurance and comfort  but is crushed to discover.
She has a new man.
Completely rattled  Alfie insists to know.
What her new boyfriend has that he does nt.
She   simply states.
Shocked and dismayed after another  Alfie happens to run into Dorie.
She walks late one night.
He is more interested in a shoulder to lean on than sex.
She  however  informs him.
Generally lets.
Cordial and polite.
Him know she wants no part anymore.
The film ends.
Which he begins to question his shallow self-indulgent lifestyle.
<EOS>
Sicily  nine-year-old Vito Andolini s family is killed.
His father insults local Mafia chieftain Don Ciccio.
He escapes and is registered as Vito Corleone on Ellis Island.
Michael Corleone has a series of meetings in his role as the Don of his crime family.
He discusses the terms of a fourth state gaming license for the Corleones  but the two only trade insults and demand payoffs.
Johnny Ola arrives to express support on behalf of Florida gangster Hyman Roth.
The Don struggles to manage his depressed sister Connie and older brother Fredo.
Corleone caporegime Frank Pentangeli is very unhappy.
His boss will not help him defend New York.
That night  Michael survives an assassination attempt and puts consigliere Tom Hagen in charge  reassuring him of their fraternal bond.
Vito Corleone lives in a tenement with his wife Carmela and son Sonny  and works in a New York grocery store owned by the father of a close friend.
A member   forces the store owner to fire Vito and give his job to Fanucci s nephew.
Who extorts protection payments.
Vito hides a stash of guns  in return  he is invited to the burglary of a rich apartment.
His share is a plush rug.
He lays.
Michael tells Roth  he then tells Pentangeli.
Pentangeli was.
Roth ordered it and asks him to cooperate.
Pentangeli meets the Rosatos.
Their men garrote him  saying they act.
Geary finds himself.
He got there.
Michael becomes convinced of the rebels  resolve to overthrow the dictator Fulgencio Batista.
Fredo brings Michael the money.
Michael asks.
Who put out the hit.
Roth is reminded  This is the business.
We ve chosen.
I did nt ask.
Who gave the order because it had nothing to do.
Dismayed  Michael embraces his brother  revealing.
He knows he was.
A frightened Fredo flees.
Michael s bodyguard strangles Ola but is killed.
He can finish off the ailing Roth.
Back home  Hagen informs Michael.
Roth is recovering and that Kay s pregnancy has miscarried.
Three years later  Vito has two more boys.
He and his partners face extortion.
He will have the police ruin Vito s family.
Vito persuades his partners to pay Fanucci less.
He asks and promises he will make him an offer he do nt refuse to them.
Vito meets with Fanucci and earns his respect.
He then follows.
Fanucci  surprises him  shoots and kills him  takes back his partners  money and escapes.
C.
A Senate committee investigating the Corleone family can not find evidence to implicate Michael.
A surprise witness is called.
Pentangeli  ensconced and ready to avenge the attempt on his life  is prepared to confirm accusations against Michael  Pentangeli denies his sworn statements and the hearing dissolves in an uproar.
His Sicilian brother attends the hearing.
Vito has become a respected figure.
He confronts a landlord.
Who does nt know him  offering extra money to let a widow keep her apartment.
The landlord says.
He has already leased it and becomes angry when Vito demands that he allow her to keep her dog.
Later the landlord learns.
He may have offended the wrong person.
Terrified  he returns to assure Vito.
The widow can stay  along  at a reduced rent.
Michael and Hagen observe.
Roth s strategy to destroy Michael is well planned.
Fredo has been found and persuaded to return.
He explains his betrayal to Michael  he was upset about being passed over to head the family  and helped Roth  thinking.
There would be something for him.
He swears.
He was unaware.
He tells Michael.
The Senate Committee s chief counsel is.
Michael disowns Fredo and instructs Al Neri.
Nothing is to happen while my mother s alive.
Afterwards  Michael violently prevents Kay  she retaliates with the revelation.
Her miscarriage was actually an abortion.
Vito  together with his young family  visits Sicily for the first time since leaving for America.
He is introduced by Don Tommasino as the man.
Who imports their olive oil  and who wants his blessing.
Vito says  My father s name was Antonio Andolini.
When Ciccio asks Vito who his father was.
This is.
Tommasino is shot  confining him.
They flee.
Michael s mother dies.
A reformed Connie implores Michael to forgive Fredo.
Michael relents and embraces Fredo  but glances.
Roth is refused asylum and even entry.
Michael plans his revenge.
Hagen visits Pentangeli and offers to spare his family  reminding him.
Failed plotters took their own lives.
Connie helps Kay visit her children.
Michael closes the door.
Hyman Roth is shot and killed by Lampone.
He arrives to be taken into custody.
Who is immediately shot dead.
Frank Pentangeli is dead.
Neri shoots Fredo.
They are fishing.
The Corleone family gathers to surprise Vito.
Sonny introduces Carlo Rizzi.
Tessio comes in.
They discuss the attack.
Michael announces  Tom incredulous.
He has left college to enlist  United States World War II leaving Sonny furious.
Fredo supportive.
Vito is heard and all but Michael leave the room to greet him.
Michael sits alone.
<EOS>
A USCG pilot and his winchman Haig answer an SOS call and arrive at a derelict schooner  the Requite.
Haig lowers himself.
Where he finds three dead bodies along  cowering in the cabin.
The line breaks  plunging the two.
The pilot attempts to retrieve Haig and Eva.
The pilot informs Haig.
They swim back.
He must return to base because his fuel is borderline.
Eva and Haig spend the night.
Which time she recounts the story.
One man was hurled  one is hanging from the ship s mast  another vanished before her eyes.
A fourth man is.
Eva attributes the deaths.
Haig has a practical explanation  including the man.
Who appears to be floating.
Early the next morning  the pilot returns along.
Haig and Eva are transferred to the deck of the Venturous.
Where they board the helicopter back to Miami.
Coast Guard personnel from the Venturous investigate the wrecked schooner.
The story takes a bizarre turn.
When the Venturous  captain calls Haig to tell him that what they found was not what Haig reported.
The film is an example.
The film was directed.
<EOS>
Chapter 1 The first chapter begins.
Sylvester realizes.
When he wakes up that another woman who is not his wife approaches him and kisses him.
He puts on the rest of his clothes and grabs his car keys and prepares to make his way home her husband.
When the woman comes back  stopping him.
Is coming up the stairs.
She insists Sylvester hide.
Sylvester insists.
Sylvester thinks and agrees to hide in the closet.
When the woman reminds him they are.
She lies.
Gets Sylvester to think.
They then began making love.
When Sylvester s cell phone goes off.
Sylvester tries to put it.
The husband starts suspecting and goes to investigate.
Something is up.
He slowly approaches the closet.
Sylvester takes his gun out.
The chapter ends.
Chapter 2 The second chapter starts.
What his wife was doing.
Sylvester tries calming him down.
He begins arguing.
The husband nearly attacks Sylvester but stops due.
Sylvester is holding a gun.
He tells.
When the husband s cell phone rings.
Sylvester that he is a pastor  which Sylvester thinks would be reasonable to not resort.
The husband tells him to stay.
When Sylvester decides to leave.
He wants to reveal a secret.
He then calls someone.
The husband calls the person up.
When the person alarms him that he is.
Sylvester and the pastor s wife are both anxious to.
What the husband is about to reveal.
He threatens to shoot both him and his wife.
When the husband does not answer Sylvester s questions quickly enough.
Someone knocks.
As Sylvester gets.
The husband opens.
The door and the person turns out to be another man.
Chapter 3 Chapter three starts in the room.
A shocked and confused Sylvester demands to leave.
The wife tells him to stay.
She then argues.
Whose name is revealed to be Rufus.
They argue over.
Whose cheating was worse.
The wife berates Rufus.
He had busted her.
The other man  Chuck  begins explaining.
When Sylvester quiets them and demands more explanation.
Their affair came about.
Sylvester stops him  however.
Rufus reveals her real name.
The wife berates Rufus again.
Is Cathy  which shocks Sylvester  who was told her name was Mary.
Rufus  Cathy and Chuck all begin yelling  pushing Sylvester to shoot his gun in the air to quiet them  causing them to lie on the floor.
When Sylvester again threatens to shoot them.
Sylvester then calls his home to his home but is stunned to find.
Another man is.
He then quickly bolts out.
Cathy  Rufus and Chuck remain lying.
Chapter 4 Sylvester is seen rushing home  angered and belligerent over the events of the previous night.
He is pulled over.
He drives home.
Who gives him a ticket.
He starts asking his wife.
When he arrives home.
Who had answered his phone.
She responds.
It was her brother Twan  whom she had reminded Sylvester earlier was coming home.
Sylvester remembers and then apologizes.
They begin engaging.
However  Sylvester s wife   sees a used condom on the side of the bed  covers it up  and then jumps on top of a shocked Sylvester.
Whose name is revealed to be Gwendolyn.
Who tries to get Gwendolyn to stop because he is afraid he might have a seizure.
Sylvester tries reminding her.
When she demands him to keep going.
His leg was beginning to cramp.
Sylvester flips the bed cover to find the used condom.
When Gwendolyn finally gets off him.
She had tried to hide.
Chapter 5 had cheated.
Chapter five starts.
He starts demanding answers.
Gwendolyn returns with her own knowledge of Sylvester s infidelity.
He quickly turns it back around.
She quickly comes up  named Roxanne and Tina  and also mentions Rufus and Chuck.
When he berates her.
Confuses Sylvester.
She then mentions she.
Cathy went and were friends.
It was Cathy.
Who introduced Gwendolyn.
Sylvester begins laughing.
6 After the previous chapter s revelation.
Gwendolyn joins him in the laughter.
Sylvester begins explaining the events the previous night.
Meanwhile the cop and the man   turns his car back around concerned.
Who pulled Sylvester over.
Gwendolyn admits cheating with.
Whose name is revealed to be James.
He picks up his gun and goes in to investigate.
When he sees Sylvester s car parked still on and sees the back door busted in.
James mistakes it.
When he hears Sylvester and Gwendolyn laughing.
Sylvester  you re killing me  he busts noticing the cop.
When Gwendolyn yells.
Who pulled him over.
Sylvester then pulls his gun.
He puts the gun down and puts his hands up.
An angry Sylvester rushes.
When James winks and smiles.
They both wrestle  before thinking of it  a shot accidentally goes off.
Chapter 7 was the one.
This chapter reveals it was Twan  Gwendolyn s brother who was just released.
Who was shot.
Who it was.
Who was with the shooting  with Sylvester blaming the entire incident on the cop.
Twan is presumed to be dead arguing  Twan coughs  assuring them.
He is okay and that he was only non-fatally shot.
Sylvester begins telling him.
What caused the incident when someone knocks.
Sylvester grabs his gun and aims it at the door  Twan joins him snatching James  gun.
Twan opens the door.
It is revealed to be the next door neighbor  Rosie.
Who is shown.
A relieved Sylvester and Gwendolyn invite Rosie in.
James snatches his gun back and leaves.
A tired and frustrated James drives back to his house.
When his wife Bridget calls him James tells a concerned Bridget that he was heading home in which Bridget happily tells him she had baked him a cherry pie.
Rosie  the next door neighbor  tells Sylvester  Twan and Gwendolyn.
She could not stand the cop that just left their house causing Gwendolyn  Sylvester and Twan to laugh.
Back  he pulls up to the garage.
A panicked Bridget rushes.
Bridget excuses it.
When James asks her why she looked jittery.
It s that time.
James insists.
When Bridget tries getting him upstairs.
Bridget s nervous breakdown finally leads demanding a straight answer from Bridget.
James then starts to wonder.
Bridget had also cheated.
Unbeknownst  it becomes clear.
Another man is still.
Chapter 9 James starts investigating his house.
He begins to search all.
When he hears a noise.
A panicked Bridget stands over.
He notices the cherry pie.
James checks the oven and looks.
He turns and moves slowly to a scared Bridget.
When he realizes that Bridget is allergic.
She eventually does.
The video suddenly stops.
As he opens it.
The narrator exits out and  breaking the fourth wall  tells the audience.
The man  hiding  is a midget.
The midget jumps out of the cabinet and fights with James.
Bridget runs upstairs.
Where she puts out a number.
Meanwhile back downstairs  James puts the midget to know.
Was he.
The midget continues telling him.
He was paid not to tell.
Only angers James  who puts his gun out.
The midget commits bowel movements.
When he does.
Back  he  Twan and Gwendolyn are playing cards.
When the phone rings.
She hears a panicked Bridget.
When Gwendolyn answers it.
Who tells her she found her number.
Gwendolyn hangs up and gives Sylvester and Twan the address to the house presumably to stop the fight.
Back  James and the midget continue fighting.
Bridget comes back.
The midget takes his inhaler out.
When James points the gun.
A few seconds later  Sylvester and Twan bust open.
The door and Sylvester points his gun.
Sylvester and Twan notice a peculiar odor.
The midget faints on the table.
The midget wakes up peculiar to seeing three guns and tries to get out of the situation.
Sylvester then begs Bridget and James to put their guns down.
They adamantly refuse.
Bridget then tells Sylvester.
She will drop the gun if James does not hurt the midget  whose name is revealed.
He is blessed.
When Sylvester asks why he was named that  the midget points down and tell him.
James shuts them up calling them Chuck and Rufus.
Confuses Sylvester  who demands to know how James knew  though James acts bewildered to Sylvester s question.
Bridget starts getting sick.
As James looks as if he was going to answer.
It is then revealed.
Bridget is three-months pregnant  presumably.
Bridget stops him and admits paying Big Man.
Even admitted.
She knew that James had been cheating on her.
Bridget says.
When James demands to know what Bridget is really telling him.
Big Man is her baby s father  which negates her previous excuse as being that time of the month.
The midget again faints.
Chapter get up from the floor.
She and Rufus argue.
Cathy closes the door.
Sylvester almost shot from the previous chapters  with Cathy angered about Rufus creeping around with Chuck  who is the deacon of Rufus  church  telling him ai nt no telling what I ve got  referring to sexually transmitted diseases.
Chuck gets angry and threatens Cathy with a knife.
Prompts Cathy to force him to do it.
Rufus then calms them down and tries to resolve the matter.
They continue arguing  even.
Cathy answers.
When it rings a second time.
She begins telling Cathy.
Had gone on.
Cathy realizes the man.
When Gwendolyn mentions that she saw Sylvester with some crusty wig-wearing ass ho.
She had slept.
Gwendolyn stops her and tells her.
When Cathy tries telling her who the ho was.
Cathy shuts Gwendolyn up and tells her she was the ho.
When an angry Rufus demands Cathy to finish their conversation.
Had been.
<EOS>
Linus is pushed and plans on ridding him of his childish security blanket.
When he learns his grandma is coming to visit.
The Peanuts gang tries to help Linus learn to cope.
Grandma s arrival looms closer.
Lucy is particularly eager  he just does nt have the heart to see Linus suffer.
To cure Linus  dependency using her own psychiatric techniques  and while Charlie Brown tries to help.
All the while Snoopy is constantly agitating matters.
He wants the blanket.
Insightful Linus points out.
Everyone has their own type.
A little security is a valuable thing.
<EOS>
School janitor Mario and teacher Saverio are crossing  waiting for the train to pass.
The scenery is the Tuscan countryside.
The two decide to go and take a road through the fields.
The train is late.
Shortly afterwards  the car gets stuck.
It starts to rain.
The night approaches.
The two men manage to find shelter  but it is late.
There seems to be no hope.
The rain might stop before the night is over.
They spot a light.
Having a chat.
Turns out to be that.
Mario and Saverio decide to spend the night there and are hosted along with a third man.
Who is already sleeping as they come in.
The two wake up to see the man urinate onto the street from the window.
The laughters are stopped.
They rush downstairs to see  and find out.
What happened.
They have travelled back to year 1492 and are now in the vicinity of a small town called Frittole.
Forced to get after a first refusal  they make friends with Vitellozzo  brother of the man killed in the inn.
He explains them he is.
Who are responsible.
Once meet Vitellozzo s mother and try to definitely get used to the idea of being really in.
Saverio feels and aches to go back to his time.
Mario simply can not get along.
Sunday  they go to the church and Mario meets Pia  with.
Whom he falls.
Who has gotten for attempting an attack against De Capecchio s gang.
They are now heading  intentioned to stop Christopher Columbus and prevent him from discovering the Americas.
One day they come.
Who shoots them  missing the target and hitting their carriage instead.
The following morning   the two encounter again the woman.
A night spent.
Who points her bow once more.
Now the movie goes  In the edited version  the amazon faints before them and   Mario convinces him.
Saverio intends to help her.
They would better run.
Thus they begin to travel and end up to meet Leonardo Da Vinci.
The three have a talk.
Which Mario and Saverio try to explain to Leonardo concepts and inventions unknown.
They then set off.
Once back they meet again with Astriaha.
Who explains her duty is that.
The two are stunned.
The navigator might leave and hurry up to the beach intentioned to stop him.
Are filled at the thought they might have come back to their century.
It is just Leonardo Da Vinci.
Who has in the meantime treasured their teachings and invented the locomotive.
The movie ends.
The amazon says.
She has not slept  and that they must get back to their boss  Alonso.
They explain the woman.
They do not know who this Alonso is.
Which the woman faints.
Saverio falls in love with the amazon.
Who is instead caught making love  at which the two men have an argument and fight  ending up to run after each other and reach the sea shore.
Here  they call the name of Cristopher Columbus.
Find out he has already left.
The scene is that.
Which the two versions finally join.
<EOS>
The European Organization for Nuclear Research initiates the Large Hadron Collider and creates three vials of antimatter particles larger than any.
Have ever been produced before.
Immediately afterward  Father Silvano is killed.
One goes missing.
Meanwhile  the Roman Catholic Church mourns the sudden death in Rome and prepares for the papal conclave to elect the next Pope.
Camerlengo Patrick McKenna assumes temporary control.
The Illuminati kidnap the ` preferiti  and threaten to kill one candidate every hour and destroy the Vatican  using the missing vial of antimatter as a bomb.
The conclave enters seclusion.
The Vatican summons symbologist Robert Langdon from CERN to help them save the four preferiti and locate the bomb.
Langdon listens and deduces.
The four cardinals will die.
But with McKenna s consent  Langdon is granted access to the Vatican Secret Archives to examine Galileo Galilei s banned book.
Inspector General Ernesto Olivetti  and Lieutenant Valenti of the Vatican Gendarmerie Corps  arrive at Chigi Chapel in the Church of Santa Maria del Popolo.
There they find Cardinal Ebner dead  suffocated and branded with an ambigrammatic word Earth.
They verify  his lungs punctured.
The second altar s location is Saint Peter s Square  but are unable to save Cardinal Lamasse.
His body branded.
Langdon and the Vatican officers locate the third church  Santa Maria della Vittoria  but are unable to save Cardinal Guidera.
Vetra studies Silvano s diaries.
His body is branded.
The assassin appears and brutally kills everyone.
Who escapes.
Langdon and two Carabinieri officers race.
Where the assassin murders the officers and drops a bound and weighted Cardinal Baggia.
Langdon  assisted  saves the cardinal.
Who tells him the Illuminati s lair.
There Langdon and Vetra discover a hidden passageway leading  being used as a hideout for the assassin.
Discovering a case  they realize.
The fifth brand is  but are confronted by the assassin before they can alert McKenna.
The assassin spares their lives  then cryptically warns them.
His contractors were men.
He escapes  but is killed.
When his car explodes.
Langdon and Vetra find Commander Richter hovering over McKenna with a gun  the Vatican symbol branded into McKenna s chest.
Richter is shot.
Langdon takes a key.
Slips. 
The stolen antimatter vial is found.
Peter s Tomb.
The battery life is too low to risk re-connecting it.
McKenna  a former military pilot  seizes the vial and uses an awaiting helicopter to fly.
He parachutes out.
The antimatter bomb explodes overhead.
McKenna is hailed a hero and savior.
The cardinals move to elect him pope.
Langdon and Vetra use Richter s key to watch a security video showing McKenna speaking.
The attack  the video revealing McKenna  not the Illuminati  is the mastermind  intending to use the fear of the incident to be named pope and rally the church s followers to his side.
This is shown.
He fatally sets himself.
When McKenna discovers he has been exposed.
The Vatican officially announces.
McKenna died due.
Cardinal Baggia is named Pope Luke I  as the new camerlengo.
Strauss thanks Langdon and gives Langdon Galileo s Diagramma Veritas for his research  requesting.
That Langdon s will contain a bequest that it be returned  and that any future references he makes to the Catholic Church in his future publications are done gently.
The movie closes.
<EOS>
Psychiatrist Michael Hunter and his wife are watching their daughter Shelly s school play.
Their son Kyle   stays.
Who is suffering.
He can not stand being.
Kyle commits suicide.
The parents are applauding Shelly.
Several years later the family has fallen apart.
Michael retreats  writes books and holds speeches.
He no longer treats patients.
He initially refuses  but later gives.
When his former student  Barbara Wagner  approaches him asking with a case.
Who witnessed his father murder his mother.
It is Michael s job to decide.
The teenager can leave the psychiatric facility when he turns.
But  Michael realizes.
Working. 
Much the boy reminds him  and begins to relive his guilt.
Background information of Kyle s suicide is shown.
Michael had sent his son instead of taking medication.
Michael finds out.
Quinlan had molested him.
He does nt answer the door.
When Michael goes to confront Quinlan.
Michael sees Quinlan holding a gun to his own head  he angrily goads Quinlan into pulling the trigger.
Quinlan ultimately commits suicide.
Tommy rebuffs a girl.
She wants to have sex.
Tommy befriends Shelly and they become close.
Shelly tells Tommy on  Tommy uses the information in therapy sessions and manipulates Michael.
Who more and more sees his own son.
He finds out  Tommy s father had beat her after walking in on the two of them having sex.
When Michael visits Tommy s father.
Tommy had an incestuous relationship.
Tommy tries to make Barbara release.
He breaks and knocks her out.
When she refuses.
He flees and  armed with a weapon  picks up Shelly and speeds off with her.
Michael finds the severely-wounded Barbara and follows Tommy.
The boy s flight comes.
Michael confronts Tommy.
What his mother did.
Tommy surrenders.
Tommy tears loose and runs onto the tracks  only for Michael to save him at the last second.
When a train approaches.
Michael and Tommy lightheartedly play ball together at the institution.
<EOS>
Jai is an expert gambler  has been  and has never lost a game.
He can remember.
These skills bring him.
Who is interested.
Jai agrees to do so  and plays successfully.
Unknowingly to entrap Nath who works.
He is blackmailed into revealing the blueprints of a top-secret military laser weapon.
Can hit any target.
They assign the case.
When the Indian police come to know.
Who is asked to apprehend Jai.
The only problem is.
Inspector Vijay is Jai s look-alike  and is not.
Both coincidentally are sent.
This Jai and Vijay get confusingly mixed up.
Where Vijay is sent to retrieve evidence by his former henchman.
Jai is.
Where he would marry his rich girlfriend Mala to inherit her money.
Mala however mistakens Vijay at the Rome airport.
Vijay decides to go along to find out.
Who his lookalike is.
Jai meanwhile meets Shabnam  a club dancer.
Who has been sent to distract Vijay and stop him on his mission to retrieve evidence against Saxena.
However Shabnam mistakens Jai is embroiled into killing Saxena s former henchman to retrieve the blueprints of the laser weapon.
<EOS>
The film centers.
Who plan to resurrect their queen.
<EOS>
Enlisted to teach a class  the neurotic Jasper gets a little more.
He bargained.
His charges seem to know more  they re not impressed.
He does.
They meet his every suggestion peculiar to the streetwise adolescent.
Questions condescending outreach projects  self-defeating attitudes  and the vacuity of the film business - all with a sly wink and a healthy helping of.
<EOS>
Harold Hall  a young man  desperately wants to be in the movies.
He gets an offer to have a screen-test  and goes off to Hollywood.
He does everything wrong and causes all sorts of trouble.
But he catches the fancy.
Eventually the studio owner recognizes him.
<EOS>
Taking place  November 30  1962  a month after the Cuban missile crisis  A Single Man is the story of George Falconer  a middle-aged English college professor living in Los Angeles.
George dreams.
He encounters the body at the scene of the car accident that took Jim s life eight months earlier.
George delivers a voiceover discussing the pain and depression.
He has endured.
George receives a phone call.
Who projects lightheartedness.
George goes.
He is seeing things.
There are flashbacks to George and Jim s sixteen-year-long relationship.
George comes into contact with a student  Kenny Potter.
Who shows interest and disregards conventional boundaries of student-professor discussion.
George also forms an unexpected connection.
That evening George meets Charley.
Charley s desire angers George.
They initially reminisce and amuse themselves.
George goes and discovers.
Kenny has followed him.
They get a round  go skinny dipping  and then return to George s house and continue drinking.
George passes out and wakes up alone with Kenny asleep in another room.
George gets up and.
Watching Kenny discovers that he had fallen asleep holding George s gun  taken  to keep George from committing suicide.
George locks.
The gun away and explains how he has rediscovered the ability to feel  rather than think.
George suffers a heart attack and dies.
He makes peace.
<EOS>
Ramlee is a down and out Malay boy.
Who can not seem to hold down a job  much.
He stumbles across a challenge by sushi restaurant owner Honda to eat all for free food - within a time limit.
You can.
Hungry and desperate  Ramlee attempts the challenge  and fails.
Honda lets Ramlee take a job at the restaurant to pay off his due.
Ramlee becomes a member.
Ramlee is immediately attracted.
Who is half-Japanese and.
He begins to learn the meaning.
One day he learns.
Part is to take part in the Malaysian Sushi Association Amateur Sumo Wrestling Championships held by the local Japanese owners of sushi restaurants.
Akira  Siti s ex-boyfriend  humiliates him in public.
It is.
After that that Ramlee finds out that he had been tricked.
Ramlee has to make a choice.
Whether to stay on and fight  or to give up on his new-found family.
He decides to step up and begins training with the boys for the big fight.
He learns the meaning - never give up  the fight is not yet won.
He learns.
No matter what the result  the honour is.
Ultimately  Ramlee s challenge is to let go.
He has made.
<EOS>
High-Strung stockbroker Joy Ellis McNally is dumped by her fiance at a surprise birthday.
She throws.
Easy-Going carpenter Jack Fuller is fired from his job by his father  Jack  Sr.
Both become emotionally distraught and   take a debauched trip to Las Vegas.
Joy and Jack meet.
When they are given the same hotel room.
They party and drink together and end up getting married.
The next morning  they realize and decide.
It was a mistake.
Jack uses a quarter.
They do so.
Joy gives him.
He hits a three million dollar jackpot and Joy reminds Jack.
They are married.
Hence  she is entitled.
The couple return.
Where they attempt.
Their judge declares  while attending weekly sessions.
The couple can not divorce until they attempt to.
Each will be permitted to keep half the winnings.
They work but still want to divorce after six months.
The money will be tied up by the judge.
Either party does not cooperate.
The newlyweds devise more and more cunning schemes to undermine each other.
Their counseling session is canceled to prove she s not committed.
Joy inviting girls.
Jack gives Joy s ex-fiance Mason  her engagement ring back.
Jack and Joy ironically find themselves developing an unexpected attraction to one another.
They soon realize.
Being has brought out the best in both of them.
It s time.
They get back.
What happens.
Joy sees her ex-fiance Mason.
He tells her.
He wants her back.
He gives her back the engagement ring and tells her.
She is good enough.
Joy realizes.
Jack set her up to get back  therefore cheating on him and letting Jack keep the money.
Joy walks away and goes to the hearing.
Their marriage counselor testifies.
The couple truly tried to work.
The judge decides.
They will split the remaining.
4 million dollars.
Joy tells the judge.
She does nt want any money  and gives the engagement ring  telling him she officially does nt want anything from him.
Jack realizes.
She knows that he talked.
Joy gets the promotion  but tells her boss.
She d been working.
She would rather be happy doing nothing and being miserable.
The next scene is.
Them telling him.
It looked like he and Joy were actually.
Realizing his mistake  he goes to find out.
Where she is.
Tipper tells Jack - a fact - and that nobody.
She quit her job.
She seems quite disgruntled.
Knows where she is.
He has a suspicion  the only place.
She has gone that she told him about.
Makes her feel truly happy.
Jack asks her to be his wife.
She says yes.
Joy says.
She quit her job and has no idea what she s going to do.
Jack reminds her.
They have a lot.
Joy states.
They hit the jackpot  to which Jack replies that he certainly did.
It shows a clip of Jack and Joy got married.
What happened the day.
It also shows Tipper and Hater subsequently enacting a plan on Mason  devised by Tipper earlier in the film.
Tipper and Hater ring Mason s doorbell.
Tipper slugs him.
When he answers.
He moans and drops to his knees asking why.
She responds.
He knows why.
Tipper leaves.
Dave is telling Hater about a party that evening.
Hater no longer wants with Dave  citing Jack as being the glue.
Held the two together as friends.
Hater simply leaves.
The movie ends.
He likes.
<EOS>
Four men rob a bank.
A detective tries to catch the team responsible  foil a drug smuggling operation  and hold on to his mistress.
Whom he shares in the robbery.
Adding is a transvestite informant.
Who seems to have a crush.
<EOS>
Filmed and set  the film is about Mara.
Whose parents are killed.
Raised  she rescues and befriends an anthropologist named Ken.
Who is interested.
What is.
But she is hunted.
<EOS>
The protagonist is Chris Munn  a troubled and restless teen.
His family consists.
They live.
The story is one of greed and family hatred.
It begins.
When John s brother Deel visits the Munn family  stirring up unease.
It turns out.
Deel wishes to reclaim a hoard from John.
He eventually finds them hidden.
John refuses to give them up.
Deel murders him.
He tries to kill Chris and Tim too.
They escape him and run away.
Chris brings the gold coins along.
The boys meet an assortment of fairytale-like characters.
Deel pursues them  eventually catching up.
Wading  Chris throws away the gold coins into the water.
Enraged  Deel struggles with Chris and tries to drown the boy.
Deel receives a fatal stab wound in the chest.
Rendered unconscious  Chris wakes up in hospital.
There  he is reunited.
Who have found them.
<EOS>
A group disrupts Nazi plans and blow up an important bridge.
<EOS>
Reading a newspaper article.
Sunk carrying Jewish refugees.
When his grandmother reveals that his great-great-grandfather Luzer was one.
This once-unspoken family history leads Goldman to dig deeper and further   and says more.
He has revealed a narrative that is deeply complex.
Is Goldman s great-grandfather  Luger s son Grisha  a man.
Whose tenacity earned him the professional nickname  Le Grand Akshan  or the truly stubborn one.
Goldman once considered his.
A source because of the corny middle name he inherited from the mysterious man with the sharp  piercing look whose picture hung in his grandmother s study.
He is shocked to learn the central role.
Grisha played.
His heroics involved a harrowing series.
Took him  where Grisha entered the nascent cinema industry.
Goldman becomes fascinated.
The drive to learn more fuels Goldman to complete the film.
<EOS>
His boss insists and tells him to go back to work.
When a worker becomes ill  complaining of a pain in his neck.
It s a minor injury.
Elizabeth is travelling to live with her fiancee  the owner of the vineyard.
She makes a friend.
The worker boards the train and stares at elizabeth s friend.
Elizabeth becomes worried  the man then comes and sits.
When her new friend excuses herself to visit the restroom and does nt return.
The man s neck starts to bleed.
Elizabeth escapes him and discovers her friend dead.
Leaving the train  elizabeth flees.
A man and his daughter are sitting quietly.
Elizabeth describes.
What happened.
They tell her to rest and recover.
Panicking  she enters the bedroom and discovers a woman.
Whose throat has been cut.
The man s daughter calmly explains.
The dead woman is her mother  and that her father killed her because he s become insane.
The woman and elizabeth leave the house.
Her father catches them and rips open his daughter s blouse to reveal several wounds.
He has the same wounds  so did the man.
He tells his daughter.
She will not suffer the way he did and sticks a garden fork.
Elizabeth flees and takes the man s car.
She runs him over and drives off.
When he gets and begs her to kill him.
Elizabeth travels further and is approached by a man.
Whose head is covered.
He smashes his head.
It breaks and elizabeth shoots him.
She comes.
Who is searching.
Elizabeth helps her and discovers a lot.
Lucy knows.
Something is wrong.
Elizabeth wo nt tell her.
She runs.
She eventually finds him  unaware.
He strangles her.
Elizabeth hears.
Her screams and finds her dead and tied up.
A woman rescues her.
The zombies chase her.
This woman has been trapped  so she and elizabeth try to get out and run.
The woman grabs elizabeth and gives her.
Two men  Paul and Lucien show up and start to kill the zombies.
The woman goes for help  so they tell her to wait by their truck.
Elizabeth fights Lucas off and goes.
Where she and the woman get  resulting in the woman getting her face burned.
She then blows up the truck.
Elizabeth  Paul and Lucien walk.
They discover that it was a wine festival before that caused the villagers to turn into zombies.
Paul and Lucien have something to eat.
They arrive.
Elizabeth searches.
She finds him and discovers.
He is infected.
Paul shoots him and then she shoots Lucien.
Elizabeth shoots Paul.
<EOS>
One day the Buz-e-Chini leaves and advises her kids Algag  Bulgag and Chulgag not open the door.
Comes and ask them to open the door.
The Buz-e Chini leaves the cunning wolf.
First they do not open the door.
The wolf makes them open it.
The wolf takes away two in the.
Buz-e-Chini sees.
Her kids are gone and hears the story.
Then Buz-e-Chini challenges the wolf on one and wins.
The wolf returns her kids.
She lives happily beside the Buddhas.
<EOS>
The film starts.
Harry Evans is a pickpocket.
He passes the Frog.
Who is pretending to be a cripple.
Harry gives the Frog a watch.
He just stole.
The Frog   is almost hit.
Who crawls.
The guests are guests traveling to Chinatown for New Year s.
Some give money  convinced.
He is hurt.
Helen is given a seat by a gentleman.
She then tries to pick money out.
She flees.
He soon catches up.
She tells him.
Her mother has died.
She has no money  he then contributes a few dollars  and soon the public  watching  gives her money.
She returns  and is visited by friends  the Frog  and Harry Evans.
The door opens  outside  is leader Doc Madison.
They start counting money.
Who was the man who Helen tried taking money  as a scheme.
The gang counts their money  but soon stop.
The Frog and Harry both hide.
Helen gets the door.
Standing is Nikko  their landlord  there to claim money.
He tries hitting.
She soon leaves the room to change her clothes.
Nikko is forced to take money.
Who leaves.
Nikko looks  and tries watching Helen undress.
Nikko is alone.
He beats him up  and throws him.
Madison catches him.
A woman   calls for the police  forcing Madison to leave the apartment as well as the town.
Madison enters the town  by train  and is helped to find the hotel by a young lad.
He hears of an old man.
Who lives alone and who can cure.
Madison goes up to visit him  and finds him quite friendly.
He writes about a plan.
Soon he sends  to talk to him of his plans  after forcing Evans to give back a watch.
He stole.
The two talk plans to have the Frog pretend to be cured.
Evans falls  there they step out to find a man with no faith.
The man returns home.
There  he tells the Kid not to believe.
Helen comes the Meadville  and meets up.
Once alone  he makes her take all the makeup off.
She can pose.
They meet up.
Who invites her to live there.
She takes him up.
Soon The Frog  now shaved   meets up with Harry Evans  a woman in a wheelchair  Margaret  and her brother  Robert Thornton.
The Frog tells them.
Margaret would rather see the patriarch.
Robert has no faith.
The four travel.
He decides to test the patriarch.
Once   the Frog climbs out of the car and cries for someone to help him.
Doc Madison watches.
He is helped.
Who was the one whose father does nt believe.
The boy helps the Frog crawl  gathering the entire crowd to watch.
They meet up.
He crawls  and is cured.
The crippled boy is then genuinely cured.
Then Margaret is.
Doc Madison  now angry  goes and meets up with Helen.
Who is surprised he could heal them.
The two step outside quote the Bible  Are not two sparrows sold for a pound.
The cured boy goes home and shows his father.
Soon he believes  after being surprised and in tears.
Te Madison gang becomes rich.
Slowly the group disbands  starting.
Who is.
The Frog  now named Michael  acts to the patriarch  taking care of him.
Doc is soon jealous.
Helen is attracted.
One night   Doc talks.
Helen is out.
He punches him.
He mentions Helen s name.
The next day  Doc leaves the house and finds.
The patriarch s guests are leaving.
Doc asks the Frog.
The Frog will not speak.
Doc forces him  nearly breaking his arm  and learns.
That night  Helen.
Who praises her.
She is approached.
The Frog tells her.
She is only socking herself.
He leaves to go inside.
Madison confronts Helen.
He nearly attacks her  but the silhouette stands up from a chair  forcing Madison to leave her alone  by herself  crying.
The next day  milking a cow and is talked to.
The Frog is.
Soon   Madison is watching.
Helen is.
That night Doc approaches Helen  and is once again about to attack her.
Harry enters the room.
The gang tell him.
They want nothing to do.
He tells them  leaving Helen heartbroken.
He will leave immediately.
He leaves the room.
Madison tells him.
Madison gets ready  Thornton stops him  as he tries giving him a check.
Thornton says  she is.
He will not be seeing Helen.
She broke up at a storm  and tells him.
The patriarch is soon dying.
He calls Helen  and asks  but she tells him.
Where Madison is.
He is gone.
The patriarch asks.
They approach him.
The patriarch tells them.
He was being con artists.
He knew all along.
He says.
He must wait.
This depresses Helen.
Soon Madison  now wanting to get Helen  returns.
He hears the patriarch s words.
The patriarch dies  leaving the two able to marry.
<EOS>
The show was to have followed three adult siblings after their parents  deaths.
Alice found refuge.
Mary found refuge as a therapist  despite being unable to follow advice.
She gives.
The last one  Neil found refuge.
<EOS>
The documentary tells its story -- The Fabulous Moolah  Mae Young  Gladys Kill Em Gillem  Ida May Martinez  Ella Waldek and Penny Banner.
It begins.
American men had to leave the country to fight in World War II  leaving females to take over the sport.
Women s wrestling was seen as a.
It was banned.
The film mostly focuses on these years -- the 1940s -- along.
When the sport became more accepted and popular.
The six women are interviewed and tell their stories.
They entered wrestling.
They also share tales.
The film splices from a 1951 movie entitled Racket Girls in between interviews.
The film also covers their post-wrestling occupations  lion-tamer  detective  nurse  and yodeler.
The film ends.
Where they meet to swap stories.
<EOS>
Brigitte Bardot plays Sophie  a young model  leading her to plot deadly revenge.
Who discovers her boyfriend is thinking.
Directed features a nude dance sequence.
Was controversially risque.
Michel Subor was cast.
Made him famous.
Sophie is not content with high-flying reporter boyfriend Philippe.
She is even less impressed.
When wealthy American girl Barbara threatens to steal him.
She resolves to win Philippe back or murder her rival  and enlists her doctor friend Alain to aid her.
Sophie and Alain travel to chase Philippe and Barbara  treating us to marvelous French comedy in the mischief.
Ensues. 
<EOS>
Atri and Anasuya do a very long penance to get divine blessings.
Divine trinity Brahma  Vishnu and Shiva incarnate as their son Dattatreya.
He grows up and becomes a great Yogi.
Indra prays him.
When is dethroned.
Datta kills Jambhasura.
Vishnudatta  a brahmin scholar is tested and given the greatest Upadesham.
Kartaveerya is born.
He worships Datta.
He is bestowed with great powers.
Later Parashurama controls Kaartaveerya s pride.
Jamadagni  father is killed by Kartaveerya s sons in retaliation.
Then  Parashurama kills all kings.
Who do not follow Dharma and then repents.
Datta gives him divine knowledge.
<EOS>
A married couple construct an elaborate game  hoping.
Struggling to reconnect.
They will be able to openly talk in the wake of tragedy.
<EOS>
The film begins performing in McCormick State College s Senior Talent Show in.
The three were the ` losers  and geeks in college but were always hopeful about their future.
The next scene then jumps.
Gayle is now a guide dog trainer.
She asks her client out but gets rejected.
He touches her face.
Becky is an office manager.
Judi and her fiance  William  go and insist.
There are no secrets.
Becky returns home only to find her cat  Honey  dead.
The three hold their usual ` make your own pizza party  and play their usual ` movie game.
They decided to go to the Wimmin s Music Festival.
Senator Hartmann announces.
She is the potential next vice president.
She has to make sure.
Order to ensure success.
She has a good reputation and background.
Ashley  her daughter  just broke up.
She is not slutty enough.
She decides.
Order to win him back and not disappoint her mother.
She will be going.
She wants her to think.
She is ` just like her mother was back.
Senator Hartmann sends Becky to go to keep an eye on her.
Order to make sure that Ashley does not act out.
Gayle becomes very close to a group of girls called The Sevens.
Who are Ashley s nemesis.
Judi returns home and discovers.
William is actually gay.
He ends up breaking off.
Judi meets us.
The three decide to go to South Padre to relive the college days.
They never had.
Gayle and Judi fit easily.
Though the girls are appalled.
They spend the next few days getting wasted.
Becky keeps.
Gayle and Judi eventually persuade Becky.
One night  Ashley finds out.
Becky was actually sent and feels betrayed because she thought they were friends.
They engage and end up in jail.
That night  William goes to find Judi and asks.
Then Judi bails Becky and Ashley out.
She announces.
She is going to marry William.
Gayle declares.
She s going to be because she is finally going to win.
This leads.
Judi leaves to get married.
Becky and Gayle prepare separately.
Judi finally admits to herself and tells him.
William is gay.
She ca nt marry him.
Gayle falls out.
Before they go.
Senator Hartmann appears backstage and wants to bring Ashley back home.
They have a confrontation.
Ashley begs her mother to let her compete.
Her mother relents.
The pianist passes out.
The group begins to perform.
Judi returns just to replace her.
They perform.
The film ends.
` make your own pizza party.
<EOS>
Col.
Paul W.
Tibbets  Jr.
Is assigned to a dangerous mission in testing a new bomber  the Boeing B-29 Superfortress.
The perilous assignment has caused his wife.
Lucy to worry and whether their marriage can survive the constant separations.
Maj.
Gen.
Vernon C.
Brent  selects him to lead a new unit  flying the B-29  armed with a new secret weapon.
Who not only championed Tibbets.
Scientists explain.
What is the best kept secret.
Bill Uanna  the only other person  Tibbets is expected to keep strict discipline.
Who knows what the mission will entail.
Tensions erupt due to Lucy s attitude towards her husband s secrecy concerning the mission.
When families are brought to Wendover.
The decision to use the atomic bomb has been made.
Flying out  the B-29 designated for the Hiroshima bombing is named the Enola Gay.
During preparation for the first atomic mission  Colonel Tibbets  the pilot  named the B-29 aircraft after his mother  Enola Gay Tibbets.
Who assumed command.
<EOS>
Two men  Jean-Paul Ladouceur and Grant Munro  live peacefully.
They fight each other.
When a flower blooms.
<EOS>
The Stooges are detectives.
They have been sent out to recover an I.
O.
U.
Who plans to take possession.
The Stooges head to Decker s hideout.
<EOS>
The film begins immediately.
Where Species II left off.
Hours has lost its way.
The driver stops and holds him.
When the co-driver tries to radio their superiors.
Both are surprised.
The driver finds the half-breed and a reviving Eve.
Who goes and gives birth to a newborn alien.
The driver wraps the newborn and runs off through the forest.
The half-breed strangles Eve.
A military helicopter finds the deserted van.
Government agent Wasach orders an autopsy and afterwards the burning.
The driver is revealed  teaching biochemistry at university.
Who believes it is wrong to decide whether a species should live or die.
He keeps Eve s offspring.
Who has grown into a young girl named Sara.
The half-breed decays and dies.
Killed Eve  also aged  visits Dr Abbot  asking to see it but then partly.
The shocked Doctor asks Dean  a student  promising him funding and future awards.
Whose funding is  to assist him in his research to create a perfect alien DNA.
Sara pupates and re-emerges from her cocoon as a beautiful blonde.
He is first seduced  then rejected and finally killed.
When Dr Turner  a fellow professor  arrives.
Looking  Sara strolls onto campus  and finally makes contact with another.
The two begin to mate but then Sara rejects him.
When she discovers that he suffers.
Later on   the half-breed attacks Sara and tries to impregnate her.
Abbot sprays hydrochloric gas  killing the half-breed  but is killed by the latter.
Left  Dean ponders.
Whether he should continue alone.
Sara urges him to save her species.
Later  Dean follows Sara.
Where he stops.
He sees her.
He resents and stops her.
Meanwhile  Dean s campus roommate  Hastings  contacted a website   feeding her data.
Which a woman called Amelia wants.
She senses Eve s presence and kidnaps Hastings.
When Amelia  the leader who is looking for Eve s offspring  meets with him.
Amelia and Sara pressure Hastings into creating the perfect species.
That both can have mates.
Dean is picked up.
Who also monitored the Amelia website and observed some connection.
The two interrupt creating the proceedings.
Then take Sara s harvested eggs.
The three humans flee.
Dean attempts to trap Sara and Amelia.
Amelia attempts to kill Dean but is stopped.
When Sara s eggs fall.
Who throws Amelia.
Dean manages to close the shaft just in time to prevent a nuclear disaster  but.
Before Sara also falls down the shaft.
Later  he finds Sara alive.
When Hastings drops.
Dean explains.
He pulled her and created the perfect mate for her  using the salvageable parts of the half-breed DNA so that Sara would nt be alone.
Dean asks Sara.
She saved him  since  Sara does nt answer.
Its indicated.
She s grown to care.
Dean reveals.
Sara and her mate have departed.
He ensured the mate would be sterile  thereby preventing any offspring.
<EOS>
Two female college students have to pose as prostitutes and each pick up a client and bring them back to the house.
However  sisters are actually part.
When they return they discover the sorority.
Then they turn and start killing and eating the local population.
<EOS>
Bob Russell  his wife Cindy  and their three kids  Tia  Miles  and Maizy have recently moved to the Chicago suburbs because of Bob s promotion.
Tia resents her parents.
Late one night  Cindy and Bob receive a phone call.
Cindy s father has suffered a heart attack.
The couple makes plans to leave Chicago immediately to be.
Tia accuses Cindy of abandoning her own father.
Bob suggests asking his brother Buck to come watch the children.
Cindy objects.
Buck is unemployed  lives  and earns his living by betting on rigged horse races.
Bob and Cindy are upper middle class suburbanites.
Buck s girlfriend Chanice  owns a car repair business.
Bob and Cindy have no choice but turn.
No one else is available to help them.
Who agrees to help.
Buck hits it off  but Tia is suspicious.
The two engage.
He warns his niece.
When Buck meets Tia s boyfriend  Bug.
Bug is only interested for sex.
Buck repeatedly thwarts her plans.
Buck deals with a number of situations  including taking the kids to his favorite bowling alley  making over-sized pancakes for Miles  birthday  dealing with a drunk clown  and speaking with the school principal about Maizy.
Tia makes.
When Buck threatens Bug.
Buck s girlfriend think that he is cheating with their neighbor.
Concerned  Buck decides to go looking rather than go to a horse race.
Tia sneaks away.
Thinking  he forces the door open  but walks in.
Bug is taking advantage in a bedroom at the party.
Buck ties up Bug and throws him.
Buck lets Bug out of the trunk to apologize to Tia.
Bug takes back the apology and flees.
When he is finally released.
Buck then begins striking him.
Tia and Cindy resolve their issues.
When Cindy and Bob return.
Buck then returns.
<EOS>
Set on one wintry day  the film  a mother and daughter  Elspeth and Frances  two young boys skipping school  Sam and Tom  two old women  Chloe and Lily  and two teenagers Nita and Alex.
Focuses. 
Who frequently attend strangers  funerals.
The film consists primarily.
<EOS>
Billy  an FX make up artist  is.
Who does not have the physical ability to speak.
Billy returns to the set to fetch a piece of equipment for the next day s shoot.
When she is accidentally locked.
Being unable to speak but having the ability to communicate  Billy makes several telephone calls but is interrupted.
When she discovers a small film crew working to shoot a cheap porno film.
Watching unseen Billy is amused.
The performed sex becomes sadistic.
Billy reacts and is discovered.
When a masked actor pulls out a knife and stabs the actress.
She flees pursued.
Billy narrowly escapes and manages to tell her story  however the snuff film crew manages to convince the authorities.
The onscreen ` murder  was a cinematic special effect.
The events however bring forward Larsen  an undercover detective.
Who is tracking the activities to a shadowy criminal mastermind called The Reaper.
The Reaper is a financier.
He tells the criminal film crew.
Billy is a witness and must be eliminated thus motivating the snuff film director  his thug assistant and a host to retrieve a missing computer disc from her and dispatch her.
The action become wild and fantastic and hard to discern.
More and more factions get involved.
What s real.
<EOS>
Yoko is a young woman.
Who is forced by a yakuza gang.
She repeatedly escapes  and is repeatedly captured  and repeatedly tortured at length.
<EOS>
Nacib is the owner.
He meets Gabriela  a sensual girl.
Who he is immediately attracted to.
Taken  he hires her on as a cook.
However  Nacib soon grows annoyed.
She receives.
He proposes.
The attention quells.
He insists.
She dress and behave more prudishly so that men are not so enamored.
Unfortunately  Gabriela can not help but stray and Nacib.
Is forced to annul the marriage when he finds her.
Later   Nacib takes as his mistress.
Both Nacib and the town begin to undergo a transformation.
<EOS>
The film examines the current and past relationships.
S.
Government and corporations  analyzing the possible consequences.
Making references  the film argues.
Reality has met and in some ways exceeded Orwell s expectations.
The mass media no longer report news  but manage it  deciding and.
What makes the headlines.
What is conveniently ignored  thus ultimately defining the framework.
It is claimed.
There s been an agenda pursued by the major media corporations regarding the deregulation of the media market  by which news reports sell all its benefits while neglecting its disastrous results.
This documentary is a critical examination.
Asking Robert Kane Pappas explores  itself.
Whether America has entered an Orwellian world where outright lies can pass for the truth  director.
What the media does nt like to talk about.
Meticulously tracing the process.
Media has distorted and often dismissed actual news events.
They got that way.
Go unanswered and unreported.
<EOS>
England manager Alf Ramsey is replaced by Don Revie  the highly successful manager of Leeds United.
Revie s replacement is Brian Clough  the former manager and a fierce critic of Leeds  under Revie s management.
Furthermore  Clough s longtime assistant  Peter Taylor  has not joined him.
The roots are depicted as happening in a 1968 FA Cup match between Leeds  the leaders of the First DivisionThough Leeds were leading the table  they did not win the league that season  eventually finishing fourth.
The eventual winners were Manchester City and Derby.
Who were struggling.
Clough  assuming Revie to be a similar man   made many preparations for the match  come the day of the match however  Revie failed to even acknowledge Clough upon entering the Baseball Ground.
They grew up and both played for Sunderland.
Derby eventually lost.
The game was played.
Leeds did beat Derby 2-0 that season  in reality.
It was the second  the FA Cup tie being sandwiched between the two legs of a Football League Cup.
He and Taylor recognise.
Clough initially blames the brutality.
Their side are not good.
So they sign veteran Dave Mackay  along.
Chairman Sam Longson is extremely anxious.
Clough did not consult him.
However  Derby are promoted.
They once again face Leeds  only to lose.
The club win their first ever League championship  meaning a European Cup campaign the following year.
They go.
Unfortunately   Clough uses his best squad in the last match before the semi-final  against Leeds  purely out of pride and determination to beat Revie.
They suffer injuries.
Billy Bremner sarcastically wishes Clough.
Juventus defeat them easily.
Clough publicly lambasts Longson.
The match between Derby and Leeds took place before Derby s quarter-final match.
They won.
Their eventual defeat was with a nearly full-strength squad.
Clough blamed Juventus s gamesmanship.
Later that year   Clough tries to secure his position.
Taylor suffers a heart attack.
The club s board call his bluff  terminates their contracts and bans them from entering the Baseball Ground again.
Derby fans  outrage raises Clough s hopes.
Dave Mackay is appointed manager instead.
Derby fans quickly lose.
Interest and Clough loses all hope.
He and Taylor are then offered jobs.
They agree to take the jobs.
Clough agrees to take control of Leeds after being approached by their representatives.
The film shows him effectively reneging.
He had nine relatively unsuccessful months as manager there.
Taylor  however  argues the case.
The two go their separate ways.
Back  Clough alienates his players in their first training session  first by telling them  and then making them start with a 7-a-side game.
They can throw away any awards they have won because they never won any fairly.
The season starts.
Is widely anticipated.
Unfortunately  the event is marred.
When Leeds s captain  Billy Bremner gets.
Both are sent off.
In turn throw their shirts off and walk off the pitch.
Leeds lose the match.
Bremner is given a two-month suspension  forcing Leeds to start the season without their influential captain.
Leeds suffer a horrendous start to the season and are in danger of relegation only one season after winning the title.
The club terminates Clough s contract.
Bremner and the players air their grievances.
He forces them to pay an enormous severance package.
Afterwards  Clough agrees to do a final interview  but finds Revie  bringing the two face to face at last.
There to confront him.
Clough accuses Revie.
Revie Clough as inflexible and egocentric.
Clough brings up the incident.
Revie claims to have not known.
Who the rookie manager was.
Clough drives down to Brighton to patch things up with Taylor.
It involves Clough literally  grovelling at Taylor s dictation.
They reconcile.
The audience is told.
Don Revie proved a complete failure  and afterwards never worked in football in his home country again  spending the rest of his career working in the Middle East where he was accused of financial mismanagement.
Brian Clough and Peter Taylor meanwhile reunited.
Where he repeated his prior achievements by taking them up and winning the First Division.
This time bettered both Revie and his own spell by winning two European Cups in succession.
The film ends.
The English national side never had.
<EOS>
Based by Branko Ćopic and set during World War II  the film tells the story of a Serbian village in the mountains of Bosnia and its villagers.
Who found themselves divided.
These two opposing sides are personified.
Spanac sees Radekic to the new  Communist  ideology and so the main plot axis is the conflict between them.
<EOS>
A rich business man s son Xiao Zi goes and is immediately accosted by a small gang.
Who says he has to pay up protection money.
Xiao Zi has no money himself and so conflict.
He always manages to escape their grasps  the popular student helps him.
Whose name is princess.
A few days  enters a new student  Eagle.
Who takes the kid.
Eagle is tough and can defend himself.
He wo nt fight anyone.
<EOS>
The story begins.
Firdaus and Rachana spend their time singing.
Tapas and Satabdi tie the knot.
Things go in the second half.
Tragedy strikes Tapas-Satabdi s haven.
Her in-laws think the new bride is evil personified  shattering the rosy dreams as well as the lovebirds.
Well  that s reason enough to start sobbing.
They mouth pathetic dialogues.
When they need a break.
The brothers  meanwhile  drown their sorrows at night  singing sad songs.
Though  Firdaus is fighting fit to beat the baddies to pulp.
And  there s more melodrama and more tears.
When you thought it was curtain call time - well-that-ends-well scene.
A pregnant Satabdi is then kidnapped by the villain s men and tied to a revolving bed.
Unfortunately  it comes two hours and 45 minutes too late.
<EOS>
Emanuelle is sent.
She comes with the top dog inmate Albina  ending in a series of fights.
She is.
Albina gets the worse  including a broken arm  a knife in her leg.
Her wig pulled off.
The women s lives are interrupted by the arrival of four male death row inmates led by Crazy Boy Henderson.
Who break.
The male convicts proceed  mutilate  and torture the female inmates  and executions.
One convict is killed.
When a SWAT team attempts to invade the prison.
Another is killed.
Who hides a razor blade before enticing him to have his way with her.
Henderson and the remaining male con attempt to break out using the warden  Emanuelle  and a wounded sheriff.
Emanuelle and the sheriff are the only characters left alive.
The sheriff promises to reopen her case.
Academic dictionaries and encyclopedias  something Mattei did regularly throughout the.
Although the film contains scenes  these are portrayed in an over the top cartoonish manner.
<EOS>
January 1972  the South Korean base in Nah-Trang  Vietnam  receives a radio transmission from a missing platoon presumed dead.
The high-command assigns the veteran and decorated Lieutenant Choi Tae-in to lead a squad and rescue the missing soldiers from the.
They have a shooting and defeat a Vietnamese woman.
When they arrive.
Later  they find a tombstone telling  being a sacred location.
One hundred years ago  Chinese killed Vietnamese  dropped them and built a temple over the place.
Weird things happen.
Chasing the missing soldiers.
<EOS>
Theatrical agent Al Stewart has successfully booked his client  Dorothy McCoy  The Manhattan Hillbilly.
Unfortunately  he has also booked an inept escape artist  The Great Wilbert.
Wilbert can not escape from his shackles and screams for help.
Dorothy recognizes Wilbert s shrill scream.
More evidence  namely a photograph and concertina  are found in his dressing room  and prove.
He is the long-lost grandson.
Granny McCoy has been looking.
She will reveal where Squeeze Box hid his gold.
Al  Dorothy and Wilbert head.
Granny recounts the story.
Began over sixty years ago.
The McCoys choose Wilbert to represent them.
Wilbert has never even seen a gun before.
His carelessness leads.
Granny informs Wilbert can be revealed.
Even though he is Squeeze Box s kin  he must get married.
Wilbert proposes.
Who declines because she is.
Wilbert then goes to obtain a love potion to use on Dorothy.
Huddy and Wilbert make voodoo dolls and proceed to stick pins in them.
Obtaining the potion.
Inflicts pain.
Wilbert gets on Huddy s broom  flies through the door  and crashes into a tree.
The potion initially works well.
Dorothy does fall.
Unfortunately  everyone gets a sip and falls in love.
The potion s effects eventually fade.
Clark and Dorothy prepare to marry.
The Winfield clan soon arrive ready.
Which a stray bullet breaks the love potion jar.
Soon afterwards  a map leading is found in Wilbert s concertina.
Devil Dan helps them enter the mine.
Where they eventually break  finding themselves in a vault filled with gold.
Armed guards arrive to arrest the hapless treasure seekers.
Who have just broken.
<EOS>
Paris Pitman has pulled off a $ 500000 robbery and is the only one.
Who knows where the money is hidden.
He is captured by Sheriff Woodward Lopeman  tried  convicted and sentenced to an Arizona penitentiary.
A corrupt warden  LeGoff  is willing to cut the prisoner a deal.
He will let Pitman break out.
Pitman agrees.
The plan goes awry.
When LeGoff is murdered.
Lopeman becomes the new warden.
He and Pitman work together to improve conditions.
They are enemies.
The governor visits  Pitman makes his move.
He manages to escape.
Not  whereupon Pitman.
Three inmates are killed.
Himself does away  Ah-Ping being one of them.
The money has been buried.
Pitman heads  with Lopeman in hot pursuit.
The money is his again.
When Pitman is suddenly bitten.
He is left there to die  rather than ride back with the money  keeps it for himself and rides off into the sunset.
<EOS>
The story is about three friends growing up in the early.
The youths are rebellious.
They dream.
To achieve this lifestyle they commit certain misdemeanors  property crimes  and various violent crimes  especially.
Whose movement had a renaissance in the early.
Joakim Wahlaas gets arrested and sentenced to a few years in a Swedish penitentiary.
Joakim gets exposed with the heavily criminal Tony.
Who introduces Joakim.
Joakim and Tony team up with Joakim s old friends and begin to commit more violent crimes  bank robberies  and drug distribution.
The friends quickly become rich  and spend thousands on Versace clothes  champagne  drugs  and women.
A few years  many women  and plenty later  their lavish lifestyle begins to take its toll.
The friends become dependent.
They also begin to distrust each other  and subsequent from a drug trade  Tony kidnaps Joakim s longtime girlfriend Helen.
He begins searching.
Joakim becomes aware.
The film ends  between Tony and Joakim.
Joakim survives the confrontation.
A few minutes later Joakim is arrested.
<EOS>
Trevor Adams is an outcast trying to fit back in after a false bomb threat.
He made a few months ago.
Trevor is chosen to star.
You re Dead.
They call.
Parents and the community hear.
It to be canceled.
Trevor makes friends  a clique of outcasts  and a girl named Jenny.
Who later becomes Trevor s girlfriend.
Towards the end  the Trogs attempt a school shooting  using a shotgun and two handguns.
Knowing and fearing for Jenny s safety  Trevor stops them.
The film ends.
It is indicated.
The play was performed despite parents  and community objections.
The teacher tried many times to tell people.
Created the play.
What the play was really about.
It turns out to be.
How the title made it sound.
There is no indication.
What happens.
<EOS>
She decides   to travel all the way to Phoenix  Arizona to see her old friend Vinnie.
When Suzette is fired at the Whisky A Go-Go in Los Angeles.
Stranded without any money to buy some gasoline  she picks up Harry Plummer  a neurotic  middle-aged author.
Who is to once and for all come to grips with the negative influence his father has had over his life.
Suzette has a chance meeting with Vinnie s 17-year-old daughter Hannah.
Who   passes out in Harry s hotel room.
However  Suzette s sudden appearance brings back all those memories.
She retrieves some of the memorabilia of their previous life as groupies  including a collection of Polaroids of the penises of numerous musicians and a few roadies.
She cuts her hair and throws the old days by going dancing with Suzette.
Both her husband and her two daughters have understood.
Lavinia is only human.
Hannah speaks out against anything  teachers and the parents present to do it true.
Is fake and urges her schoolmates.
Suzette returns to Los Angeles together with Harry.
Who has come to consider her his muse.
<EOS>
Fraternal twin brothers meet a childhood crush and rediscover their love.
They renew their competition.
<EOS>
It is a love story highlighting the frustration and anguish.
The film is.
Depicting the generation gap  the story handles the cultural and psycho-social problems.
Ultimately affects the society.
<EOS>
Eight men eat breakfast before their planned diamond heist.
Six use aliases  Mr Blonde  Mr Blue  Mr Brown  Mr Orange  Mr Pink  and Mr White.
Are gangster Joe Cabot  the organizer of the heist and his son  Nice Guy Eddie.
The action abruptly cuts.
They leave the diner.
Which Mr White comforts Mr Orange  who has been shot.
Mr Pink arrives and angrily suggests.
After they reach an abandoned warehouse.
The job was a setup due.
The men also discuss Mr Blonde.
Who murdered several civilians.
Mr White is angered and agrees.
Joe  an old friend  employed such a psychopath.
Mr Pink reveals that he escaped and hid them in a secure location.
They argue over.
Whether to take the now unconscious Mr Orange  while Mr White reveals that he had revealed his true identity to Mr Orange  after bonding with him.
Mr Blonde  having watched them  steps forward and ends the dispute.
Mr White berates him.
Mr Blonde dismisses the criticism.
He tells the others to wait.
Eddie is there.
Mr Blonde has also taken a police officer  Marvin Nash  hostage and the three men beat Nash.
There is an informant.
Eddie then arrives and orders Mr Pink and Mr White to assist him and dispose of the hijacked vehicles.
Mr Blonde stays.
Alone  Nash denies any knowledge of a setup.
Mr Blonde is uninterested and wishes to torture Nash.
Mr Blonde slashes Nash s face and severs his right ear.
He then douses Marvin.
Mr Orange shoots and kills Mr Blonde.
He can ignite it.
Mr Orange reveals to Nash  but is waiting.
He is an undercover cop  reassuring Nash that a large police force is to move in nearby.
Joe arrives.
Eddie  Mr Pink  and Mr White return.
Mr Orange claims.
Mr Blonde was going to kill all and take the diamonds for himself.
Eddie rejects Mr Orange s claims  telling him.
Mr Blonde was a close personal friend who had always remained loyal.
Joe arrives and reveals.
Mr Orange struggles to justify his actions.
Mr Blue is dead.
He confidently accuses Mr Orange  forcing Mr White to defend his friend.
Joe   is stopped.
To execute Mr Orange.
When Mr White pulls out a gun.
Eddie takes aim on Mr White.
Joe shoots Mr Orange  wounding him again  Mr White shoots and kills Joe wounding him.
Mr White then shoots and kills Eddie.
Mr Pink   takes the diamonds and flees.
Who was hiding.
Mr Orange reveals.
Mr White cradles Mr Orange.
He is indeed an undercover cop.
The devastated Mr White points his gun.
The police storm the warehouse  demanding.
Mr White drop his gun.
Mr White pulls the trigger.
<EOS>
Violetta is raised.
Only every now and then her mother visits her daughter.
It occurs to her.
Her daughter could be a potential model.
She starts exploiting her daughter.
Who becomes increasingly alienated from other children of her age.
Then Mamie dies.
Hannah s photographs are about to unequivocally overstep the line.
Eventually Hanna s right is at stake.
<EOS>
A man born but known by many other identities recalls the events.
He is arrested on an island in New England.
Brought him.
Demara quit high school and joined the Army.
He wanted to become an officer.
His lack worked against it.
He fakes a set of credentials and becomes a U.
S.
Marine.
Demara  facing jail  fakes a suicide and hides out.
When his lie is detected.
He is expelled from the monastery  captured and imprisoned in a military brig.
But the warden inadvertently confides too many details to Demara  taking a liking to him.
Demara impersonates the warden and lands a job working in a Texas penitentiary.
Where he takes up.
Blackmailed.
Who recognizes him.
He joins the Royal Canadian Navy  using the forged credentials.
He goes to Korea to serve aboard HMCS Cayuga.
He ends up doing dental work  then performing operations in a Korean hospital.
Hailed  Demara gains publicity.
Exposes his past.
The Navy finds out.
Who he really is and intends to hold a.
Nurse Lacey and others vow to testify  having seen his good side.
Worried  he is allowed to leave under a general discharge.
He then goes and becomes a teacher.
The FBI eventually comes up.
Whose assignment is to track down the great impostor and capture him.
The agent is revealed to be Demara himself.
<EOS>
Otis Bad Blake is a 57-year-old alcoholic.
Who was once a country music star.
He now earns a modest living.
Having a history Blake is without a family.
He has a son  aged.
Whom he has not had contact.
He is mostly.
The film opens at a bowling alley for a show.
Enter Jean Craddock  a young journalist  divorced and with a four-year-old son  Buddy.
She interviews Blake.
The two enter.
Jean and her son become a catalyst.
He lets himself be pushed into renewing a professional relationship with Tommy Sweet  a popular and successful country music star.
He once mentored  and plays as the opening act  despite his initial balking and wounded pride at being the opening act to his former student.
He asks Tommy to record an album.
Tommy says.
His record company insists more solo albums before a duet project can be recorded.
He instead suggests he writes better songs.
Blake concentrate.
Blake s drinking soon gets out.
He ends up running off the road while driving drunk.
The doctor informs him.
Although he only sustained a broken ankle  he is slowly killing himself  and must stop drinking and smoking and lose 25 pounds if he wants to live more than a few more years.
Blake s relationship makes.
Him start to rethink his life.
He calls up his son to make amends  only to have his son tell him  and hangs up.
His mother  Bad s ex-wife  has died.
The relationship starts to look up.
Where Blake loses Buddy briefly while drinking at a bar.
Who were becoming his only family.
Blake finally manages to get sober.
Having cleaned up his act  he tries to reunite.
She tells him.
The best thing he can do is to leave them alone.
Blake finishes writing a song  and sells it to Tommy.
He thinks is his best ever  The Weary Kind.
Sixteen months later  Tommy plays The Weary Kind.
Blake watches backstage  as his manager presents him.
Jean approaches him  saying.
Blake is leaving.
She has come.
Blake sees an engagement ring and tells her.
They catch up.
She deserves a good man.
He offers her the money to have for his 18th birthday.
Jean initially refuses but eventually accepts after Blake says the song would nt exist.
Jean asks.
Blake would like to see Buddy again.
Blake declines saying.
It might be too unsettling.
The film ends.
<EOS>
The military discover a UFO.
They send up some F-14s to investigate.
The pilots are surprised to find.
It is a rocket carrying two boys and a robotic dog  Jimmy Neutron  Carl Wheezer  and Goddard.
Jimmy is attempting to launch a communications satellite made out  hoping to communicate with an alien species.
He believes exists somewhere out.
Unfortunately  the pulse rockets fail.
The rocket starts to fall back  unable to break through the atmosphere.
Jimmy shakes up a soda can  tapes it and throws it  propelling it into space.
Jimmy manages to eject Carl.
He is reprimanded and misses the bus to school.
Undeterred  Jimmy then tests his latest invention  a form.
He catches up.
Unfortunately  the bubble pops.
When it hits a tree.
Jimmy shows Ms.
Fowl and the class a shrink ray.
He attempts to shrink the head.
The ray malfunctions and refuses to work.
He is teased  including the most popular boy in school  Nick Dean.
However  he accidentally shrinks his teacher  Ms.
He throws the ray away.
Fowl.
Jimmy  Carl  and their friend Sheen Estevez spot a poster opening that night.
When walking home.
Nick tells them.
When they grow excited  but worried that they wo nt get to go  since it is a school night.
He s going and convinces them to come by sneaking out.
They reject.
Jimmy  Carl and Sheen make a plan to sneak out.
When Nick reminds them that there is only one opening night and leaves.
Their parents refuse to take them.
Jimmy uses various inventions.
He gives it.
She will allow him to go.
She unsurprisingly refuses.
It s a school night.
Things get worse.
When Jimmy s jet pack sets the living room.
Jimmy is now grounded.
Using the shrink ray  Jimmy is able to sneak out and join his friends at the park.
Where they have the time.
Meanwhile  the communicator is picked up.
King Goobot V and his assistant  Ooblar  watch a pre-recorded message  featuring him introducing himself and explaining about life on Earth.
Goobot pauses the video  saying.
They look delicious.
He sets a course and kidnaps all the parents in the city  leaving fake notes on the refrigerators to tell the kids.
They ve gone for an extended vacation.
Carl spots a shooting star  so he  Jimmy  and Sheen wish for no more parents.
They could have fun all the time.
The next morning  Jimmy spots the note and reads it.
The notes are the same.
All the adults are gone.
They choose and celebrate.
They do stuff  they eat dangerously massive amounts  they make a huge flood of popcorn near the school  they celebrate with fireworks  dancing  and other fun things.
Parents forbid.
The next morning  Jimmy wakes up and finds school campus and the rest in a reckless junk yard of the things they did yesterday.
However  all the kids were feeling sick or injured.
Jimmy is sad.
His parents did nt even say goodbye before they left.
Goddard plays Jimmy a heartfelt video recording telling Jimmy.
They love him.
They ll see him the next morning.
Jimmy realizes.
There would be no point.
He goes and compares the note.
The Yolkians left.
Goddard finds evidence.
Jimmy tracks them.
That night  Jimmy  Carl  and Goddard build another spaceship.
Breaks down again.
The kids in town go to Jimmy s backyard and confronts him  thinking.
He is the one who knows where their parents are.
He then locates.
Where the aliens are.
Nick then says.
Jimmy will take them.
He ll take it.
He organizes the other children to build spaceships from the Retroland rides to travel there and get their parents back.
They encounter a meteor shower.
They break free.
Everyone recalls.
Camping. 
What their parents did before they were abducted by aliens.
They reach the planet Yolkus  home  the next day.
Eventually they are captured.
Who tells them the parents are to be sacrificed.
He shows the kids Jimmy s video  thanking him.
The kids  now furious  are taken to the dungeon.
Ooblar takes Goddard.
Jimmy manages to win everyone s forgiveness and comes up with a plan.
He calls Goddard into thinking.
Goddard will.
Goddard then frees the kids using a glitch.
They make it.
Poultra  a colossal three-eyed reptilian chicken  hatches from her egg.
Nick   runs out.
Who previously promised that he would battle the aliens himself.
Jimmy s quick thinking allows him to think.
He sends Sheen.
Jimmy manages to steal the mind controller thanks.
The rest keep the guards busy in a short but victorious battle.
Poultra blocks their way out.
Sheen knocks her dizzy.
When his ship hits her.
Everyone just escapes.
Goobot follows them  with Poultra not far behind.
Jimmy skims the surface.
The ships open fire.
The solar flares fry the ships and destroy all but Goobot s ship.
The king sends a taunting message.
Who flies out.
He says You steal my parents  you threaten my dog  you attack my friends.
You made fun.
He uses his shrink ray to make himself grow the size.
Shocks Goobot.
Goobot then calls his thing a mistake and lets them go free.
But Jimmy blows the ship.
Goobot vows revenge.
The kids are reunited for a great idea.
Jimmy reunites.
They make it home.
The movie ends.
Judy tries to yell for the invention only to burp loudly.
The four laugh.
Goddard imitates a bird outside.
<EOS>
The film is divided.
Margherita  the passionate and ambitious mistress  a young girl at the Fin de Siecle Marie  the clever wife of a wealthy Parisian gallery owner of the modern day.
<EOS>
A young race car driver goes.
A series plagues the city.
He has been having visions.
He gets locked up.
A lady reporter falls with the suspect and sets out prove his innocence and find the real killer.
A rogue biker is thought to be the killer  they figure.
Who accosts the reporter and kidnaps her.
After he has been slaughtered.
They have solved the shotgun slayings.
But have they.
<EOS>
An appreciative crowd of gawkers watches the foreman use the building plans as his score and conduct the workmen in Franz Liszt s Hungarian Rhapsody No.
2  a symphony.
The workmen are anthropomorphic animals.
Elevators  picks  shovels  and a steam shovel are instruments.
The crew works furiously.
The clock nears 500 PM.
The building rises.
The foreman takes a bow.
One leaves last  closing the door behind him.
The building comes crashing down.
<EOS>
Tom pursues Jerry.
The mouse successfully dives.
Tom peers.
Jerry launches a tomato into his face.
Jerry then climbs up the wall and grabs a handful from a carton marked.
He is promptly covered  with one hit to the eye leaving the effect of him wearing a monocle.
Tom wipes the tomato.
Jerry shoots off the corks  knocking the cat into a tub of water with only a pot to keep him afloat.
The mouse promptly launches a brick  sinking both pot and cat.
A war communique  reading Sighted cat - sank same.
Is displayed.
Signed  Lt.
Jerry Mouse.
Tom approaches Jerry s mousehole   spotting this trap  he instead opens the ironing board cupboard  sending the board crashing onto Tom s head.
Jerry uses a pipe to observe.
The mouse charges down the board.
He speeds past  after which the jeep crashes  sending a sack of flour tumbling down.
Adapting quickly  Jerry grabs the sack and spreads a makeshift flour smokescreen  but not Jerry s.
Blocks Tom s vision.
He repeatedly smacks the nearly blind Tom.
Eventually Tom falls  he slaps Tom a fourth time.
The cat can do anything.
Tom  now wearing a bowl  throws a stick of dynamite towards Jerry   this continues.
Who immediately throws it back.
Jerry takes it  provoking the cat to steal it back and this new cycle to continue until Jerry leaves Tom to triumphantly hold the exploding stick.
Jerry jumps to escape the cat s wrath  but Tom sees him and throws another firecracker into the kettle  Jerry panics  but the oxygen has run out.
The mouse escapes.
The puzzled cat opens the kettle s lid and sticks his entire head in just.
The firecracker goes off.
Continuing his attempts to blow up the mouse  Tom launches a paper airplane.
Jerry blows it back.
Who barely spots the firecracker before it goes off.
Jerry then plants an enormous stick  the cat sees it and screams in terror  ending with a minuscule replica of the original firecracker.
The cracker splits.
Tom believes this harmless.
The dynamite explodes powerfully.
Jerry then jumps and drops a succession of light bulbs and a banana bomb.
Hit his head and face.
Tom grabs a firecracker launcher and skillfully shoots.
Jerry uses a brassiere to parachute  but is again shot down by Tom.
Jerry races.
Tom pushes a cannon and fires off seven shots.
The mortar pursue Jerry.
Eventually he leads them.
He shoots back into the barrel of Tom s cannon.
The barrel explodes  leaving Tom riding the remaining parts.
Then crashes.
Recovering  Tom fires a dart gun.
Hits him as he again attempts to dive into his mousehole.
Tom grabs the mouse and ties him  Jerry pretends to help himself be tied up  but unknown to Tom he is actually strapping the cat s hands to the rocket.
Jerry emerges.
The puzzled Tom does not realize.
What has happened at him.
He futilely attempts to blow out the fuse.
The rocket shoots high  forming the US Stars and Stripes.
Jerry proudly salutes the flag.
A final communique is displayed  saying SEND MORE CATS.
Jerry Mouse.
<EOS>
Ben and Arthur are a homosexual couple eagerly awaiting the legalization.
That they may travel there.
A judge has made a ruling that will allow gay weddings to take place.
They leave.
A challenge has resulted in a suspension of gay marriage in Hawaii.
Ben takes advantage.
He is actually already married.
Arthur becomes angry  but decides to stay anyway.
Shortly thereafter  Ben contacts Tammy  finally comes out  and asks her for a divorce.
Ben and Arthur resume their daily life  working in a small diner in Los Angeles.
Where Ben is a dishwasher.
Arthur is a waiter.
Arthur has grown impatient and putting up with needy customers.
Ben -- a former nurse who quit to pursue a music career -- enjoys the manual labor and hours.
One night  Arthur decides to quit and go back.
That he can earn an MBA and open up his own sex shop.
He agrees to do so.
The loss means that Ben will have to quit and return to being a nurse.
Order to help Arthur pursue his dream.
To finance his education  Arthur tracks down his estranged brother  Victor.
Whom he has nt spoken to.
Victor is a religious fanatic.
Who believes that Arthur s homosexuality is a sign  although Victor himself appears to be flamboyantly gay -- even greeting Arthur in a pink  feathered bathrobe.
He nonetheless offers to give Arthur money.
Victor lashes out.
He will bring Ben and allow him to evangelize.
He and Ben hire an attorney to consult on getting married.
Arthur considers Victor s offer.
The attorney counsels them to travel to Vermont  be wed in a civil union  and then return to California and attempt to be recognized as members of a domestic partnership.
The two take her advice  and are wed.
Suspicious hires a private investigator to tail Ben and Arthur.
The PI tells Victor to get their union recognized in California.
Victor follows the attorney home one evening and shoots her to death in her apartment s parking garage.
Tammy arrives at Arthur s apartment and tries to force Ben to take her back at gunpoint.
Ben successfully disarms her and throws her out.
Ben and Arthur agree to come to Victor s apartment.
Victor and another congregant from his church  Stan  lash out at the couple with homophobic insults and slurs.
Victor and Stan start making plans to exorcise the couple.
When Ben and Arthur leave.
Stan has cooked.
The plot fails.
Ben and Arthur leave town to enjoy a honeymoon and allow the tension with Victor to blow over.
Victor is summoned to church by his priest  Father Rabin.
Rabin informs him.
He is being excommunicated because the congregation does not want the relative.
A dejected Victor reaches out.
Who helps Victor come that Victor will be permitted to rejoin the church if he successfully murders Ben and Arthur.
They hire.
A hitman named Scott  whom Father Rabin has apparently used to kill homosexuals.
Ben is gay bashed  the attack fails to kill him.
When Ben and Arthur return.
Ben is hospitalized.
Suspecting his brother s involvement  Arthur breaks.
Arthur goes to Victor s church  chloroforms Father Rabin  and then murders him by burning the church down with Rabin still inside.
Arthur takes him back home.
Ben has sufficiently recovered.
Deciding  Victor and Scott go Ben and Arthur s apartment  at the last minute  Victor tells Scott.
The next attempt must be more drastic.
He wants to kill them himself and sends him away.
Victor rings the apartment s doorbell.
He fatally shoots him.
When Ben answers.
He then forces Arthur to strip naked and performs an impromptu baptism in the bathtub.
Arthur slips away and gets the gun.
Victor contemplates what he s done.
Ben had earlier confiscated.
Dressed  a hysterical Arthur -- reenacting one of the final scenes of Scarface -- propositions Victor.
Holding him  accusing him of lashing out to try to combat his own repressed homosexuality.
Victor pulls out his own gun and shoots Arthur.
When Arthur fires a warning shot.
Arthur manages to fire off a single shot.
Hits Victor and instantly kills him.
Arthur dies.
<EOS>
The plot follows a conservative young man s venture.
Tagline  Remember.
What you felt when you were sixteen.
<EOS>
Emperor Kuzco narrates.
The story  now chef and Head Delivery Boy of Mudka s Meat Hut  is fretting over the upcoming visit of his father.
Kronk s father always disapproved and wished.
Kronk instead would settle down on a hill.
Kronk tells the story of.
He almost had both.
Eventually Yzma is revealed chase her down and corner her at a bridge over a river full of crocodiles.
To prevent them  she transforms herself into a rabbit  but is then caught and taken away by a condor.
He gives his home back.
When Kronk realizes the old folks have sold everything they own.
Kronk  at Camp Chippamunka he falls in love with fellow counselor Miss Birdwell  but  Kronk protects the boy at the cost of alienating his love.
When one pulls a prank to win the camp championships and is caught.
Kronk s father arrives.
Confusion ensues try to pass themselves off to him as Kronk s wife and kids.
But Kronk realizes.
His wealth is.
This finally wins his father s thumbs up and Miss Birdwell s love.
Meanwhile   Yzma is in the condor s nest with two eggs.
Hatch and presumably attack her.
<EOS>
An ensemble comedy  the plot begins.
When Kira  reeling  sleeps with Max  a charming but disheveled wreck already committed to longtime girlfriend Sara.
Max becomes obsessed  mostly  but vaguely with his curious lack of conscience as well.
Kira  fighting to win a job and running aimless romantic loops  faces the precarious double challenge.
She hates.
<EOS>
Strange Justice is based.
W.
Bush presidential administration.
<EOS>
A group finds an old coffin.
Enables contact.
The first adventure brought the box of shadows.
The casket opens the pure evil and shows the friends the thin line between life and death for a very specific reason.
<EOS>
Tom is trying to find a place to stay after being thrown out of a horse drawn wagon.
Jerry is assisting a mad scientist in a castle.
They take an orange cat and strap him next to a dog and Tyke.
Is strapped.
The mad scientist and Jerry push a number to switch the brains of the cat and dog.
Is  Lightning now has a dog s brain and vice versa.
The mad scientist gives the cat.
Tom approaches the castle  noticing Jerry.
They are sleeping.
Lightning growls and threatens Tom.
Tom tries to convince Lightning  but fails.
He s a cat.
Tom s efforts to catch Jerry are thwarted by Lightning.
Tom blasts off and is never seen again in the cartoon.
Jerry winks as the cartoon closes.
Tom & Jerry  The Definitive Guide.
<EOS>
Josephine  her best friend Radhika and their friends are pranksters.
They sing songs  break rules and wreak havoc.
They also have a grudge.
Lakshmi   wants her niece to get married.
Who plays Radhika s aunt.
To escape  Josephine and Radhika fake a boyfriend.
Whose name is Ramesh.
However  this fantasy takes.
When a person named Ramesh calls and sends Radhika letters claiming to be her boyfriend.
To end this nuisance  Josephine and Radhika invite Ramesh during the college dance program.
Josephine instructs Radhika to bring a gun.
Mysteriously   Ramesh dies.
Radhika loses her chain.
Suspicion eventually falls.
Gayathri is a man-hating police officer  and is put.
To make matters worse  Gita suddenly disappears.
Josephine and Radhika find themselves  running away from the law in a bid to prove their innocence.
Meanwhile  the real killer is still.
It is revealed.
The real killer was Gayathri  avenging the death.
The film ends.
Josephine and Radhika come to see her.
<EOS>
Then  the Pink Panther comes.
He hears the gunshots  and made  but the White Man did nt see him.
Was. 
Himself look.
The dog barks.
Pink uses a water gun to spray the dog  so the dog went to get the White Man to show him.
What he saw.
The White Man tries to cover the explosives but it goes off.
The island sinks.
The Pink Panther comes out then breathes deep back underwater with his umbrella.
When the White Man and the dog are sitting.
<EOS>
A mysterious  middle-aged man wearing a dark suit and black leather gloves is the only customer.
He looks.
He keeps.
He then has a tense conversation.
Which he reveals that he once lived  but is now passing through on business because he is a travelling salesman.
A teenage boy named.
The man is.
Lake  dressed and brandishing a gun  bursts into the bar.
He tells the bartender.
The middle-aged man is actually the Man.
Using a makeshift silencer  Lake shoots and kills the bartender and ambushes the Man.
When the older man returns to pay his bill.
Lake  a violent but inexperienced gunman  holds the Man and reveals his intention to kill the hitman  but the hitman calmly outwits the teenager  lulls him into a false sense of security  and then knocks him out with a punch.
Order to bolster his own criminal reputation.
However  Lake recovers  the two struggle  and Lake pins the hitman and prepares to shoot him in cold blood.
The hitman realizes.
His young challenger is the son that he was forced to abandon years earlier.
Appealing  the hitman convinces the boy to engage him in a fair test of their respective skills  a fast draw.
The two have a showdown.
The Man easily wins by shooting the gun out of Lake s hand.
He shoots the boy s other hand.
Demoralized  defeated  and suffering  the teenager slumps to floor.
The Man then reveals  he proves it by taking out his wallet and showing the boy the picture of the woman.
He is Lake s father.
He was looking at earlier.
The woman was the hitman s beloved  deceased wife as well as Lake s mother.
The hitman tells the boy.
Years earlier  he had fallen with and married Lake s mother and had given up his life of crime.
However   a man came to challenge the hitman  and  not finding him home  killed the hitman s wife instead.
When Lake was a baby.
Unable to take care  the hitman resumed his criminal career and abandoned Lake.
Finally reunited  father and son embrace.
Their reunion is interrupted.
When the police show up.
The hitman quickly rearranges to implicate himself and make it look like a botched robbery attempt.
Order to save Lake.
He gives Lake his wallet  tells him  but also advises him against becoming a gunman.
He can be anything he wants to be.
The hitman levels his gun and is killed.
A policeman breaks.
When the policeman shoots him.
<EOS>
A former 1st SFOD-D operator.
Who are later implied to be operatives.
Who is living.
North L.
T.
Bonham  a former USSOCOM instructor  is approached and asked to help apprehend Hallam  a former student.
The younger man has gone renegade after suffering severe battle stress from his time in the Kosovo War.
Bonham agrees and is assisted by an Federal Bureau of Investigation task force  led by Assistant Special Agent in Charge Abby Durrell.
It is Bonham himself  however.
Who locates and apprehends Hallam.
The two struggle in a quick fight and Hallam is captured by the arriving agents.
Which Bonham is injured.
Hallam states.
He went AWOL because the Army now seeks to kill him before he can divulge information.
This story is reinforced.
When the local authorities and FBI are circumvented with high clearance who arrive and take possession of the prisoner.
Hallam manages to escape and kill the operatives  causing the vehicle to swerve out and overturn.
Being transported in the back of an unmarked truck.
Alerted arrive at the scene.
The chase begins again.
The team tracks Hallam  nearly catching him at his ex-wife s house.
Hallam consistently evades them.
Realizing  Bonham strikes out and the search quickly becomes a personal battle between teacher and student  finally culminating in an intense knife fight among the waterfalls of a national forest.
The FBI s tactics are nt working.
The film ends.
The FBI team arrives too late  Bonham returns.
Where he starts burning letters that were sent from Hallam.
<EOS>
It documents a post-war working-class London family s annual visit.
It was the first film to feature the Huggett family.
Who would go on to star.
It resonated  and was very successful.
<EOS>
Sam Raimi s film is set.
He thinks -- fame and fortune are his  that is.
When Oscar Diggs  a small-time circus magician  is hurled away from dusty Kansas to the vibrant Land of Oz.
He s hit the jackpot.
He meets the witches Theodora  Evanora  and Glinda who are not convinced he is the great wizard everyone s been expecting.
Reluctantly drawn  Oscar must find out and.
Who is good.
Who is evil before it is too late.
Putting his magical arts to use  Oscar transforms himself not only into the great and powerful Wizard of Oz but into a better man as well.
<EOS>
Luther begins to ascend into his pulpit to preach.
He is hindered.
It is.
He looks out facing the camera and sees a wounded knight wheeling.
Holds the body.
The knight sardonically regales Luther but then accuses him of abandoning those.
Who got his reformation.
Luther denies this.
The knight dips his right hand and wipes it across Luther s white surplice  telling him.
He now looks.
Luther stares silently.
The film will return after the presentation of all the events of the story.
Precede it.
The scene shifts.
When Luther becomes a full-fledged monk.
Augustine.
The young knight takes on the role of narrator and commentator for the rest of the film  explaining.
Luther had become a monk to protect his soul and that he sought to outdo his brothers in the counsels of perfection in order to suppress internal murmurings of doubt.
Luther is shown serving his brothers  cleaning the cloister s latrines  washing the dishes  shivering in cold  and pacing back and forth in prayer.
He tries to sleep.
An important line at this point is.
I am afraid in it.
There s no bottom.
He leaves the stalls.
Where his brother monks are chanting a psalm.
He collapses before the altar.
The knight reports.
He suffered for months but that he was able to cope with his doubts by dropping them from out of his head and into his bowels  i.
E. 
Becoming constipated.
Luther is then shown just before his first mass.
His friend Brother Weinand comes in to tell him.
His father has come to attend.
Weinand has him confess the Apostles  Creed  repeating twice the article  the forgiveness of sins to bring home to Luther.
He is expected to believe that his sins are forgiven if he confesses this creed.
This is the first time.
Luther is confronted.
Weinand ends by telling Luther  God is nt angry with you.
It is you.
Are angry.
Luther imagines.
When Weinand leaves.
He sees Jesus Christ.
This image takes him.
He does poorly.
He then faces his father.
Hans Luther scolds his son.
When father and son are left alone.
When he left the study to enter the convent.
He also tells him.
He believes that Luther is murdering himself.
This is the second confrontation.
Luther defends himself.
He did see a vision.
Anne to become a monk.
He also shares.
He felt closest.
The knight begins the next segment  So the praising ended.
The blasphemy began.
Johann Tetzel is portrayed preaching indulgences.
He makes the bold claim.
His indulgences would even provide forgiveness who offered violence to the Virgin Mary.
Luther comes upon his mentor Vicar General Johann von Staupitz.
He dozes.
Staupitz confronts Luther.
He resents authority and makes it look ridiculous.
Staupitz urges Luther to articulate his position in Latin rather than in the vernacular German.
Would encourage the peasants and young knights.
Luther then is shown preaching a sermon.
Which he graphically tells how he discovered the gospel by faith alone while sitting on the latrine.
He declares.
Someone has to bell the cat  and with that he goes out to post his Ninety-five Theses.
Luther is then confronted in the fall of.
Cajetan warns Luther.
If he does not retract his errors and sermons that the unity would be sundered.
Luther refuses.
Cajetan concludes  That man hates himself.
You can inscribe it  ` he could only love others.
He goes.
The next scene shows Luther burning the bull Exsurge Domine.
He then falls.
He reminds God.
The cause he is fighting is God s not his.
He wonders  concluding.
God is dead.
God can not die but only hide himself.
The famous session is portrayed.
When Luther appears.
The inquisitor is portrayed.
Luther is now confronted by Eck.
Who interrupts his Here I Stand speech if he does not recant.
Luther refuses.
The momentousness is emphasized in the film.
The young knight exults  could have led a successful revolt against established authority.
Luther wanted.
The knight breaks off his ardor.
Luther issued a plea.
Luther is portrayed.
The emperor and the princes walk past Luther.
Luther is then shown wandering.
Where peasants had been slaughtered.
He is brought once again.
Where he had been confronted.
Luther defends himself  God is the butcher.
Address your abuse.
Luther then tells the story by Abraham  concluding.
God gives life when nothing seems imminent.
Luther is confronted by old Staupitz.
Who has come to visit Martin and his wife Katie.
Luther admits.
The peasants had just cause but that they were against Christ.
Staupitz is relieved to hear.
Luther was not sure when he took his stand.
Luther prays  Help my unbelief.
Katie comes.
Who can not get to sleep.
Luther repeats his superstition  going shows.
Passing air wards him off.
One has overcome one s doubts and fears.
Luther takes the baby into his pulpit and assures him.
The dark is nt quite as thick  that they should hope that Christ will be true to his word  A little while.
You ll not see me  and then again a little.
You shall see me.
<EOS>
One night  Lucy gets a taxi.
She has just read Harry s latest novel.
The character Leslie is having an affair with her sister s husband Ken.
Lucy is angry   everyone knows about it.
The novel is patently based.
Lucy pulls a gun out  saying.
She will kill herself.
She then turns the gun and begins firing.
She chases him out.
Harry insists  his latest girlfriend Fay has left him.
He has already been punished.
To distract Lucy  Harry tells her a story  a semi-autobiographical story.
He is currently writing.
Who is mistakenly claimed.
Harry realizes.
He has not changed since he was a sex-obsessed youth.
Harry discusses the honoring ceremony  taking place the next day  he is particularly unhappy.
He has nobody to share the occasion.
Harry asks his ex-wife Joan.
He can take their son Hilliard.
She refuses  stating.
Harry is a bad influence.
She is also furious.
He wrote.
The character Epstein marries Helen.
The marriage begins to crumble.
Harry runs.
Who is worried.
Harry asks him to come to the university ceremony.
Richard appears uninterested.
Harry then goes to meet his ex-girlfriend Fay.
Who reveals that she is now engaged.
Harry begs Fay to get back together.
He asks Fay to accompany him.
It clashes.
That night  Harry sleeps.
Harry then asks Cookie to accompany him.
Richard unexpectedly arrives to join Harry and Cookie on the journey.
Harry decides to kidnap his son Hilliard.
They stop at a carnival  then at Harry s half-sister Doris s.
Doris  a devoted Jew  is upset in his stories.
Is her husband.
Harry also encounters his fictional creations Ken and Helen.
Who force him to confront some painful truths.
Richard dies peacefully in the car.
Distressed  Harry literally slides out  becoming blurred like one of his own fictional characters.
Cookie helps him restore focus.
The university s staffers gush  asking.
What he plans to write next.
He describes a story.
Who journeys down to reclaim his true love from the Devil.
Harry and the Devil engage as to.
Who is truly the most evil.
Harry gets as far.
He is a kidnapper before the story is interrupted.
Harry is arrested.
Larry and Fay come.
Harry reluctantly gives them his blessings.
Back  a miserable Harry fantasizes.
The university s ceremony is taking place.
Harry realizes.
He can only function.
The film ends.
<EOS>
The storyline was based to reach North America by sea.
<EOS>
You Only Loved Me Twice is a silent film.
Shows the way deception can be deadly.
Wife Amy Miller is preparing a romantic meal with flowers and wine.
Amy has a perturbed look.
The audience realizes.
She has recently stumbled.
He brings flowers perhaps to make up.
When Ray comes home.
The couple recently had.
The couple begins to eat.
Ray drops his glass.
Amy is.
She has taped.
Ray and Amy are cleaning the wine.
When he sees the gun.
The couple begins a choreographed tango.
Ray reaches.
He shoots Amy.
His next move is to wait to join him.
<EOS>
A bleak story  an executive close to ruin.
Depicts an outwardly successful man questioning the value he is desperately trying to maintain  it follows the uncertain path of Dibyalochan Sahoo  the real tiger.
Stoner considers torching his warehouse for the insurance settlement.
Meanwhile  he drinks  laments the state  and tries his best to keep the business rolling as usual.
This last task is complicated.
When a client has a heart attack.
Stoner takes the stage at the premiere of his company s new line  only to be overcome by war memories.
He ends the day spontaneously deciding to go home.
Whose ignorance underscores his isolation from the world around him.
Stoner agrees to the warehouse getting and attempts to act as pitcher to the children.
Torched and then walks.
One child shouts out  You ca nt play.
<EOS>
This comedy is set.
It displays a drill sergeant.
Who must somehow turn an inept group into real soldiers.
<EOS>
Lambert T.
Hunkins works.
When his boss  Oxnard O.
Parsons  gives him a raise Mrs Coney  decides.
It is time to get married.
Lambert is too meek to object.
They go.
He buys it.
When he sees a statue that resembles socialite Iris Mabby  the woman he adores.
Iris s father  Senator Mabby  tries to buy the statue.
Lambert is leaving.
Lambert refuses to sell.
Their bargaining attracts the attention.
The story gets into the media.
The senator rushes off.
He can be recognized.
It turns out.
Senator Mabby is mounting a public campaign.
The artwork would be terribly embarrassing.
Iris does not care.
Iris visits Lambert  curious.
She finds.
He is.
Julia Becker  the sculptor  also pays a visit.
She insists.
She will send him two companion statues.
Meanwhile  crook Hymie Atlas decides.
The statue must be worth a lot.
He and his two thugs  Slug and Dimples  barge.
The three gangsters hide.
When Senator Mabby and Iris show up to make another offer.
Lambert is forced to insist.
A gun secretly pointed.
The senator refuses.
Iris is disillusioned.
Hymie assigns Dimples to keep an eye on Lambert.
The next day  Lambert receives a telegram  bearing an Iowa museum s bid.
Lambert manages to knock Dimples out and steal a linoleum truck to transport the artwork.
However  Hymie and Slug return.
He can load it.
They tie him up and drive  unaware.
Lambert has outsmarted them.
Lambert leads them.
When Parsons brings the police  looking.
The crooks are captured.
An impressed Parsons gives Lambert his job back.
An emboldened Lambert tells them.
When Violet and her mother also show up.
He is not going to marry Violet.
He proposes to Iris instead  she can not say no.
<EOS>
He decides.
Santa Claus has noticed how many children have become naughty.
He will not deliver presents this year.
But his daughter  Kristin Claus  thinks.
There is one more chance.
Kristin took.
She made a deal.
Should would change a family to be on the Nice List.
She uses her magic to go and try to change them to nice.
But the children are tricked.
Who wants to turn Christmas.
Kristin was mistaken and played along with the role.
The children begin to resent Kristin.
Kyle Morgan even told their dad.
Kristin was dangerous.
Kyle tries to engage Brittni.
They treated Kristin badly.
She left the Morgan house.
When no one was.
Bill Morgan became.
His wife died.
He carried along the children and their uncle and took a rest stop at a diner.
They met Kristin there.
Bill convinced her to look.
The family take an unexpected detour.
Rudolfa uses her magic to make a fake detour sign and sends the family.
She also sent.
An elf dressed into the middle of the road  causing them to swerve into a ditch.
They spend the night.
Where Kristin confronts Bill.
The kids continue to act selfish and bratty.
Bill and Kristin do nt put up.
Brittni soon realizes.
She is behaving bratty and makes the family breakfast-in-bed supplies she found in the house.
A fire breaks out.
Kyle  the family s son almost dies.
Kristin gives her immortality to save him.
She now can not remember her past.
<EOS>
High wire.
Tom slicks to bounce Jerry into his hands.
He then walks over the wire back  only to run into the irate elephant.
It uses its weight to pull both all the way down to the ground with the high wire  pulls the mouse into its trunk via suction  then releases the cat  launching him out of the circus tent.
Later  Tom chases Jerry.
Leads. 
Jerry sees the bowl and holds back until Tom approaches.
He can see no alternative.
Tom barely misses the mouse and ends up diving himself.
Jerry makes a successful dive.
The elephant happens to come and drink all the water  taking Jerry away with it.
Tom   sees the empty bowl and points down in dismay before impact.
Tom crashes he falls all the way into hell.
A devil takes him back up and throws him out  as.
To say that it is not yet Tom s time.
The elephant is now back playing with Jerry  throwing him up into the air and then sucking him back to its trunk.
Tom sticks out a stick and shakes pepper into the elephant s snout.
It elicits a gigantic sneeze.
Throws Jerry miles and miles.
Tom runs backwards to catch the mouse.
Somehow the elephant has come.
He runs and perches himself to catch the mouse.
The elephant rolls up its trunk and throws the cat.
It then catches the glove and also catches Jerry  and proceeds to hug the mouse again.
Jerry and the elephant are now leading the circus parade.
Causes the cymbals to rise and then crash together.
Tom hides.
It will explode when the elephant stomps.
However  the crashing pushes the dynamite stick back  without knowing it.
He closes the manhole.
The elephant steps meets exploding defeat and waves a The End flag.
<EOS>
Eddie Macon was wrongly convicted.
He escapes and heads.
Performing. 
Marzack is a cop of Eddie  determined to put him back in jail.
Eddie has no transportation  so he takes the journey.
He ends up.
Where he is nearly killed.
He meets Jilly Buck  a bored rich girl.
Who agrees to help him because it s just a slow Wednesday.
<EOS>
Dad Hayseed wins ₤ 5000 in the lottery and decides to take his family to Sydney.
The group includes him  Mum  Sam  Jim  Poppy  Molly  Bubs  Peter  Peter and Cousin Harold.
They visit shops  theatres  the gardens  Town Hall  Taronga Zoo and White City.
Someone tells them to walk.
None could sandbag them.
Dad goes surfing and needs to be rescued.
The family meet Norah  a country girl.
Who has gone to work.
Dad rescues Norah.
Later on  Dad is enticed buy two spielers on the pretence.
Norah needs him  and is drugged.
Norah discovers the plot and tells Jim Hayseed and the rest.
Who arrive just.
Dad then gets a letter.
The cow has got a calf and that Mum s eggs are hatching.
This makes them get homesick.
They go home.
<EOS>
We are introduced to the Nicklebys.
Who enjoy a comfortable life until the father dies and leaves his family with no source of income.
Nineteen-year-old Nicholas  his mother  and his younger sister Kate venture to seek help from their wealthy  cold-hearted uncle Ralph  an investor.
Who arranges to be hired as a tutor at Dotheboys Hall in Yorkshire and finds Kate work as a seamstress.
Nicholas is horrified to discover his employers  the sadistic Mr and Mrs Squeers  run their boarding school  verbally  and emotionally abuse their young charges on a regular basis.
He eventually rebels and escapes  taking.
They stumble.
They journey.
They cast them.
Nicholas is determined to continue their journey to London to learn.
His mother and sister are faring.
Nicholas is reunited.
Who welcome Smike of their own  and finds employment with the Cheeryble brothers  and makes the acquaintance of Madeline Bray  an artist who is the sole support of herself and her tyrannical father  who gambled away his fortune and that of his late wife.
Nicholas discovers his sister.
Kate has been subjected to humiliating sexual attention.
Nicholas  determination to defend his sister s honor leads his uncle to vow.
He will destroy the young man.
He will excuse his debts.
What ensues is a series.
The girl weds Hawk.
Ralph s designs are thwarted.
When her father dies unexpectedly.
Unfortunately  Smike falls ill and soon dies.
A sinister secret Ralph has harbored for years surfaces.
It is revealed.
Smike was Ralph s son  whom he had thought dead.
Realizing  Ralph hangs himself.
His son had died the best friend.
Nicholas marries Madeline.
<EOS>
The U.
S.
Army and the Indians sign a peace treaty.
However  a group trespass on the Indians  land and violate the treaty.
The army refuses to listen.
The surveyors are killed.
A vicious Indian war ensues  culminating.
<EOS>
The film focuses.
Michael J.
Fox plays J.
J.
Manners  enamored.
Who becomes.
Middleton is also the richest student and drives around.
The core story involves Manners and Middleton competing.
Ultimately this rivalry culminates.
The result tips the balance and changes the face of the dynamics within the school irrevocably.
Other storylines include Todd Bridges.
Who has created a robot that he believes to be capable.
Crispin Glover plays Archie Feld  a socially-impaired boy.
Who nervously attempts to circumnavigate his way.
Also  Beau Middleton s father has created an incentive by offering a sizable reward for the best teacher.
Subsequently  the teachers focus extra effort.
<EOS>
Federal Communications Commission investigators arrive after.
What appears to be a UFO crashes  causing massive interference.
They receive witness reports of.
What appears to be a man dressed.
Their investigation uncovers.
This is a being who is invisible.
They start a massive manhunt  causing a public panic.
<EOS>
Thomas Avery is an American ophthalmologist  killed during a storm while walking the Camino de Santiago  a Catholic pilgrimage route to the Cathedral of Santiago de Compostela in Galicia  Spain.
Who goes.
Tom s purpose is initially to retrieve his son s body.
However   Tom decides to walk the ancient spiritual trail.
Where his son died.
Tom meets others.
Walking the Camino.
He reluctantly falls.
Joost is an overweight man.
Who says he is walking the route to lose weight to get ready and so that his wife will desire him again.
He is a warm extrovert.
Who is the first to start walking.
Sarah is a Canadian fleeing an abusive husband.
Who says she is walking the pilgrimage to quit smoking.
Jack is an Irish travel writer.
Who when younger had desires to be great author but never wrote the novel he dreamed of.
He is the last to join the quartet and has been suffering.
They occasionally meet and talk from New York named Father Frank.
The pilgrims travel the Camino.
Thomas occasionally sees his son alive and smiling.
<EOS>
The story is narrated.
Who frequents RK Bar.
She introduces the audience.
Whom she lovingly calls Saawariya  who is a free-spirited and kind-hearted guy.
One night   he and Gulabji meet.
Sleeping. 
What Gulabji does.
She tells him.
When he tells Gulabji that he needs somewhere to stay and a job.
There is only one woman who ll give him a place to stay.
That woman is Lilian.
She allows.
Only those she likes.
Raj decides to meet her the next morning.
Raj meets Lilian.
They have a very emotional chat.
Which Lillian reveals she had a son who left her many years ago and never returned.
She agrees to let him stay with her.
He reminds her.
Raj goes out and meets a mysterious girl dressed in black and holding an umbrella.
He tries to talk and starts following her.
She shouts at Raj and tells him to go away.
Raj tells her.
He will go away  but that he d escort her to safety  lest someone with bad intentions would follow and trouble her.
Then   a drunkard begins following her.
Predicted. 
Raj saves her.
Raj insists she allow him to escort her.
Which she agrees.
Raj then discovers.
Her name is Sakina  and that night Raj falls with her.
Raj decides to confess about his feelings to Sakina.
Sakina ignores him and refuses to speak.
When he calls after resigning from his job so he can see her.
Raj gets angry.
The pair reconcile.
He takes her  on the top of town clock building.
Sakina reveals  his name is Imaan  and explains to Raj.
She is.
She fell when he boarded at her house.
Imaan left the house but promised to return.
It has been a while.
Imaan has still not returned.
She has been waiting faithfully.
Hearing this  Raj does not confess and becomes.
Her friendship was not love but just pure friendship  he readies himself to help her anyhow.
However  his love-lorn heart refuses to believe.
There is someone called Imaan.
He asks Gulabji.
Who advises him to tell Sakina how he feels.
He decides to propose to Sakina on the night of Eid.
He takes Sakina and sings his favorite song for her.
Sakina remembers.
It s time to meet Imaan and leaves.
Raj tells her.
It s all a myth.
Raj goes  saying.
He wants to be for the night  insulting her.
Gulabji   gets deeply hurt and gets Raj thrown out of the brothel onto the street.
Who loves Raj but knows that he loves Sakina.
Where he is beaten up.
She tells one.
He will forever lose his pure soul.
He gets entangled.
He returns.
Where Sakina is waiting  where Imaan has still not arrived.
Sakina  befuddled and heart-broken  becomes sure  so she decides to be.
There is no chance.
She knows how much he loves her.
Raj tries to make Sakina happy and succeeds  they enjoy the first snowfall.
They pass the bridge.
When they are returning home.
Where they first met and see Imaan waiting.
Torn  her true love and the love of the guy.
Who loves her unconditionally  Sakina hesitates as she steps.
Raj  however  tells her to go and reunite.
The movie ends.
A tribute to yesteryear great Raj Kapoor  where Raj walks and sings exactly like him  retreating into a side street and walks off  remembering the sweet moments he spent with Sakina.
<EOS>
It is 1847 and Camila OGorman  a pillar  belongs to a family Juan Manuel de Rosas.
Enthusiastically supports Argentine dictator.
She is engaged.
Whom she is not.
She describes her longing.
When her fellow socialites advise her to not let Ignacio get away.
She could love and feel proud.
Secretly  she reads literature critical by author Esteban Echeverria.
She also openly speaks her views.
Enrages her father.
One day   she meets a Jesuit priest  Father Ladislao Gutierrez.
Camila immediately develops a crush.
Ladislao denounce the regime s death squads  she falls deeply in love.
Fr.
Ladislao first attempts to beat his feelings out with a whip  but finally surrenders to her advances.
They begin a clandestine affair.
They escape the family hacienda and elope  where Fr.
Ladislao poses.
Ladislao is torn.
Camila is ecstatic.
They are identified  however.
Who knows them both.
The village commandant informs Camila.
He will not arrest her and advises her and Ladislao to cross into Brazil.
However  Fr.
Gannon s words about  have brought Fr.
God does not forget his chosen.
Ladislao s troubled conscience.
He runs and screams at the eucharist  demanding to know.
God can not leave him.
However  he decides.
He must return and do penance before his Bishop.
The resulting delay prevents him and Camila and leaves the commandant with little choice other than to arrest them.
Meanwhile  Camila s father  Adolfo OGorman  is enraged.
The family name has been dragged by Camila s actions.
He writes to dictator Rosas and demands the death penalty for his daughter.
Church Hierarchy and his political allies demanding blood.
His exiled opponents using the scandal to mock his rule  Rosas orders Camila and Fr.
Ladislao to be shot.
Ladislao are forbidden to see each other.
Camila learns.
Imprisoned. 
She is carrying Fr.
Ladislao s child.
The Law forbids the execution of pregnant women.
The prison chaplain gives Camila holy water to drink and thus baptizes her unborn child.
They are confronted.
Fr.
Ladislao sends her a final letter affirming his love and saying.
Because they could not be together  they will be reunited in heaven before the throne of God.
Fr.
The firing squad guns down.
Ladislao  they initially refuse to kill a woman.
They open fire and shoot Camila.
When their Captain threatens to kill them if they refuse.
Their bodies are then dumped.
The couple s final words are told once more  are you there.
<EOS>
Lawrence Gordon crawls from the bathroom to find help after sawing off his foot.
He reaches a steam pipe and uses it to cauterize his ankle stump.
Their wrists bound to a worktable.
Is a buzz saw  and their mutual lover.
Jigsaw s puppet tells them.
They can either kill each other or allow Dina to die.
They decide to save themselves and allow her to lower onto the saw  killing her.
Jill Tuck goes to Matt Gibson  an internal affairs detective at Hoffman s precinct  and offers to incriminate Hoffman in exchange for immunity and protection.
Meanwhile  Hoffman abducts four racist skinheads and places them.
Kills all.
Hoffman abducts the host  Bobby Dagen  a self-help guru.
A gathering  including Lawrence Gordon and several others from previous films  takes place.
Who achieved fame and fortune.
Hoffman sends videos throughout the film  offering cryptic clues to his location and promising to stop the games.
Jill is given.
Bobby awakens and is informed.
His wife Joyce has also been abducted and will die if he does not save her.
Bobby makes his way through the asylum to find his wife.
He finds Nina  his publicist  Suzanne  his lawyer  and Cale  his closest friend.
All three are  representing Speak No Evil  See No Evil  and Hear No Evil respectively.
All three are killed.
Gibson eventually discovers the location and sends a SWAT team.
Who are all killed after being sealed elsewhere in the asylum.
Gibson locates Hoffman s command center   and is killed.
Where he discovers that Hoffman has hacked the police security system.
Hoffman   infiltrates police headquarters and kills everyone.
Who had been posing.
He finally knocks out Jill and restrains her to a chair then secures the original Reverse Bear-trap to her head.
Kills her.
Bobby reaches Joyce and is forced to drive two hooks through his pectoral muscles  the trap  and hoist himself up by the chains to deactivate her trap.
He claimed to survive.
He fails.
When the hooks rip.
A brazen bull capsule closes and incinerates her.
Moments destroys his workshop  he is attacked and captured by three Pighead-masked figures  led by Lawrence Gordon.
Flashbacks reveal.
John Kramer found Lawrence and nursed him to health.
Lawrence had helped John ever since.
Tasked to watch after John s death and to take action  Lawrence brings Hoffman to the bathroom from the first film and shackles him by the ankle.
Anything happened.
He throws away the hacksaw  and then seals the door  leaving Hoffman to die.
He had sawed his own foot off.
<EOS>
The crew discovers Dr Frankenstein s descendant carrying.
When a hot-air balloon crashes.
<EOS>
The plot was not told in a straightforward fashion and had past and present mixed together.
Below is the plot pulled apart and pieced back together.
Lucille has a mental disorder.
Stems. 
It is never revealed.
How the brother died or why her father blames her.
It made her mentally unstable.
A big part is  he was killed.
Helping her will get you killed so it is a possibility that she was already unstable and when her brother tried to help her.
But  its unclear.
These details are not.
Thomas   was the one.
Who also stole money.
Who had her committed to save her and did nt tell her father where she was.
Sid and Antoine   go.
Who also work.
Thomas tries to get away by saying he knows where Lucille is.
Van Sant  her father  then sends them to find Lucille and keep her away.
Meanwhile  Lucille escaped.
Gus  her doctor  has left to find her.
Next we find out.
Who used to work but now owns a brothel.
Who works.
She wants to quit and go back.
Angel says.
She ca nt comes in.
A short while later she finds Lucille and brings her to Angel  hoping.
She will take her place.
But  Angel has to rescue her and takes her.
When Lucille is attacked.
Nadine sees this and gets very upset.
Nadine rolls off the top and kills herself.
Lucille is telling Angel who her father is.
This leads Sid and Antoine.
Where they ask.
Angel s goons attack them.
Soon Angel and more goons show up.
Causes an even bigger gun battle.
Two unknown men go to see Van Sant and kill him along with Lena  his fortune teller.
Angel returns to Malvi s apartment but is interrupted in the middle of their agreed special knock by Sid.
So  thinking  Malvi shoots him.
He is someone else.
Sid then goes and is attacked by Malvi.
Causes him to drop his gun.
Lucille then picks it up and shoots him.
Lucille ca nt live.
What she has done.
Is causing pain  Lucille  away.
Becomes the character Sid  the one.
We see working.
The Sid is dead.
Was looking and was in the gun battle.
The Sid is Lucille.
Is working and falling for Michelle.
Who believes she is Sid.
Sid is referring to Lucille as Sid and not the actual man.
Also  all the other characters see Sid  as a girl.
It is only Lucille.
Sees her reflection.
Lucille   leaves the apartment and starts walking down the road.
Where Steve finds her and picks her up.
He allows Sid to stay for working there.
Gus comes and is shocked to see Lucille but surprised.
She thinks she is Sid.
He decides.
Not to tell her directly and instead tries to use his psychology training to pull Lucille out again.
Sid later begins to see things.
Lucille s personality tries to retake her body and mind.
But  he believes.
Sid does nt know anything.
He is seeing ghosts and so runs out.
Sid begins to fall and so kisses her  she kisses back but then stops and says.
She ca nt.
She has a daughter.
Next the father tries to manipulate her into being with him.
He says.
When she refuses.
He is going to seek full custody.
Michelle goes.
He says.
There is only one way to get it which is to sleep with customers.
Michelle agrees.
Steve sets her up.
They fight.
When he wo nt wear a condom however.
Michelle has Simon run him off.
Simon then tries to get Sid to work but Sid  interpreting Simon s interests totally the wrong way  accuses Simon of being gay.
So Simon attacks him.
Steve tells Sid but Michelle asks Steve to give him one more chance.
He is fired.
He tells her to take Sid.
Michelle decides to do some digging and calls Sid to tell him.
She found some information.
He tells her not to come.
When she tells Sid.
He then goes to confront Steve and says.
He thinks Steve killed Lucille.
Steve says.
It was Sid who really killed her.
Sid refuses to listen and continues to accuse Steve.
Next Michelle return home  having not gone  to find information about Lucille at her door.
Gives her a picture.
A car pulls up.
She thinks but  she runs away.
It s Steve.
When Sid gets out.
She is scared and asks.
He has Steve s money and car.
Sid wants to run away.
Michelle confronts him.
Sid completely ignores that and is instead happy.
Michelle found information Lucille.
Gus shows up just then.
Sid points the gun  asking.
What he did.
Gus says.
Lucille is dead because she could nt live.
He gets the gun away and asks.
He loves Michelle  which he says yes too.
Then Gus kills Michelle to force Lucille out.
Several flashbacks occur.
Sid is a girl.
Lucille is finally forced out.
Sid is lost forever.
Afterwards  Gus takes Lucille away.
She says.
She does nt like being herself and so gets him to pull over before she kills him to become him.
She did Sid.
She   leaves the car and starts walking down the road.
Where Greg later finds her and picks her up.
Greg believes.
It s Sid  as that s how he knows her and asks if she remembers him  but since she is now Gus she says does nt.
<EOS>
Injured and out  Hurricane Harry Joplin is unhappy about not being accepted for World War II duty by the Navy and unhappier  suggesting he become a coach instead.
When the New York Titans decline to offer him a new contract.
Harry refuses to believe.
His football days are over.
Harry spends time.
His wife Kathy supports the family.
But  Harry becomes attracted.
Battling his depression.
Who persuades him to become an entertainer.
Harry thinks  but flops to go on a three-day drinking binge.
He s a natural.
Kathy begins seeing another man  Gordon.
It appears.
Harry has lost her.
He tries wrestling to make a living.
His heart is nt.
His old football coach gives Harry a last shot.
He plays poorly and is benched.
Harry asks.
He can remain.
Though  Harry is needed again.
When the war-depleted team runs out.
Scores a touchdown.
Delighted to win the game and his wife back  Harry is willing to accept a coaching job now.
But  an admiral fit enough to sink the Navy.
He can.
Who saw the football game offers to gladly induct a man.
<EOS>
Rupert Kathner and Alma Brooks began a movie-making spree.
Took in their passionate pursuit to make Australian films.
They would stop at almost nothing to get their films made.
<EOS>
Marvin Blake is a sharecropper s son.
Who wants to better himself under the heat in the Deep South.
Initially  greedy Peckerwood plantation owner Lane Norwood is opposed and says.
He needs to work.
He grudgingly helps Blake achieve his goal and gives the young man a job as a bookkeeper.
When his vampish daughter Madge intercedes.
Blake uncovers irregularities and soon finds himself embroiled in a battle between management and workers and torn between the seductive Madge and his longtime sweetheart Betty Wright.
<EOS>
Riding a white horse  Brigadier General Maximilian Rodrigues de Santos arrives at a United States border crossing with a small company of soldiers on foot.
He claims to be leading his men to march in a parade on George Washington s birthday.
The soldiers  destination is actually San Antonio.
Where the general intends to carry out a quixotic mission.
None are aware of his plans.
They do.
Whatever they are told.
Disguising himself  Max goes on ahead and takes a guided tour of the Alamo.
He encounters an attractive young blonde  Paula.
Who  when she is nt selling postcards  is a radical student activist.
He returns and  after racing through the streets of San Antonio  they seize control of the fort  taking Paula and two other Americans as their prisoners.
Max places a call  telling police chief Sylvester.
The flag now flies above this piece of hallowed Texas ground.
Sylvester does nt take him seriously at first  but quickly discovers.
Max is an actual Army general and that everything else he has claimed is true.
The chief goes to meet Max in person  using the passwords John Wayne and Richard Widmark to gain entry.
Max instructs him to contact the Pentagon and report the fort to be back.
Sylvester calls.
Max will only negotiate.
Whose day job is running a mattress store.
Max is unimpressed.
A low-level bureaucrat condescendingly promises.
If Max leaves quietly the United States will not take this invasion too seriously and mocks Mexico as not exactly the Soviet Union.
Which Max announces he will hold the Alamo in response to the snub.
Paula sees Max.
He tells her his only reason.
The invasion was to impress his girlfriend back home who told him that his men would nt follow him.
A three-star U.
S.
Army general named.
Lacomber arrives to take charge.
A company scale the wall and enter the fort  but without ammunition  so as to avoid bloodshed and an international incident.
It turns out  either.
Max s men are not carrying ammo.
The Americans fall.
Max celebrates.
Paula brings the general back by explaining.
She has learned his soldiers follow him only because Valdez shoots any who do not obey orders.
Disheartened  Max decides to wave the white flag and go peacefully.
A private anti-communist militia   arrives.
Who think Max is a front.
As Max is surrendering.
Their leader   shoots Max.
Whose aunt is one.
Max bravely orders his unarmed men to attack the armed militia.
His men   willingly follow his orders and the militia flee.
Their leader is arrested.
Max then tells the U.
S.
Authorities. 
He intends to advance.
Satisfied  Sylvester  Lacomber and Hallson let the Mexican general get back on his horse.
<EOS>
Mazarin gives dArtagnan the mission to rescue the imprisoned brother.
Dartagnan grabs Isabelle de Saint-Mars  pulls up her dress  and spanks her to punish her for not keeping a promise.
She had made.
<EOS>
Betty and Grampy are.
When they are forced to.
Betty s upset.
Grampy quickly invents a number.
Allow them all the comforts.
Things again take a turn.
When a group show up.
Quick thinking Grampy charms the savages.
Grampy and Betty repair their plane and make a hasty escape.
The natives are distracted.
<EOS>
Det.
Casey Shraeger transfers  to clean up Sergeant Harvey Brown s station at his request.
Her new partner is Jason Walsh  Shraeger was assigned.
Whose previous partner was murdered the same night.
Shraeger was chosen mostly.
Brown believes her to be incorruptible  since she comes and chose to work for the police from a sense of doing good  rather than for money.
As soon  they start a quest.
She meets her new partner.
He was a corrupt cop.
Was a known fact.
He was also investigating other cops.
His main focus was Det.
Henry Cole.
Who once lived and robbed an armored car.
Cole s partner  Det.
Allison Beaumont  is later revealed to be Walsh s girlfriend.
The show was left cancelled.
What happens.
<EOS>
This documentary attempts to verify his existence.
There are practically no Asian male porn stars.
A controversial mystery akin was so well endowed.
Rumors arose to eliminate any knowledge of his existence.
Includes alleged film footage and testimonials.
<EOS>
Mine owner William Sharon keeps having his gold shipments held up.
Sharon hires banker Charles Crocker   to build a spur line.
Who happens to have connections.
That the gold can be shipped.
Silent Jeff Kincaid is the railroad engineer.
However  there is opposition  chiefly from another mine owner  Big Jack Davis.
He does nt own a working mine  he finds it easier to rob.
Davis is the brains.
The technique is to hold up the stagecoach and then provide food and champagne.
Who then do nt care that the gold is robbed.
Kincaid vows to rid Carson City.
They frame him.
Kincaid has to contend with a suspicious landslide.
Kills some.
<EOS>
A company of British soldiers is wiped-out by machine gun and artillery fire.
Sergeant David Tate gets caught.
Private 1st Class Charlie Shakespeare is unwilling to rescue him.
The next morning  the survivors find themselves slowly advancing.
Contrary is not a poison gas.
The British come.
They emerge.
Where they find an apparently besieged handful.
Private Thomas Quinn shoots the first and attempts to shoot the second.
Private Willie McNess stops him and the German stumbles down the trench.
The third German is left  a young man named Friedrich.
Convinced  the soldiers decide to secure the trenches.
They have broken.
Doing so  they explore them and find ominous signs  they find rotting bodies everywhere  often wrapped.
Something there has gone very wrong.
They hear a demon.
When detonating charges to close off some passages.
Fail to notice vast amounts.
They walk away.
Later   he is called away.
Private Jack Hawkstone is exploring more.
But  he notices a body covered and leaned against the wall of the trench.
He turns.
It turns out to be the second German.
Who got away and as Hawkstone calls.
Hawkstone is forced to shoot him.
This does not kill him.
Private Barry Starinski runs up and shoots the German.
They wrestle.
He falls.
Quinn finishes him.
The sudden isolation and sinister nature soon starts to exact a toll on the British.
Plus  one  Private Colin Chevasse  is slowly dying from a spinal injury.
The crystal radio means to call.
They found cuts out  denying them any.
They all vent their rage.
Who is abused  except for Shakespeare.
Starinski  is distracted by strange sounds and led deeper into the trenches   albeit standing up.
Where he finds more German dead wrapped.
One suddenly comes to life and ambushes him.
He shouts to alert his comrades.
Later  his comrades find.
Starinski wrapped  dead.
The men violently interrogate him.
Charlie manages to translate his ramblings  saying.
They will turn and that there s evil in the trenches.
Captain Bramwell Jennings  the commander  is terrified by hearing strange noises of an incoming infantry charge followed by artillery fire  and runs through the trenches in search of Sergeant Tate.
Who has sent Hawkstone searching.
More and more frightened  Jennings finally stumbles and  his nerves on edge   shoots him in the head.
Where the squad has piled the corpses.
When Hawkstone reaches him.
Tate still fiercely follows orders and refuses to abandon the trench.
That same day  the men  believing the attacks and the strange events to be actions done  seals off more passages in an attempt to drive off the enemy.
More strange noises are heard.
The men s morale and discipline deteriorates even further.
Later   he runs off  but is shot.
McNess is pursued and completely drenched in blood and fear.
Who turns out to be Private Anthony Bradford.
A rescue attempt is made.
McNess  crawling  is pursued by a moving mud mound.
Drags him underground.
Meanwhile  Bradford   is convinced.
Who has been found.
He is possessed  that the whole trench is  and that he is to be killed  urging Shakespeare to do so.
Bradford runs away.
When the latter refuses.
Quinn decides.
He has had enough and ties.
Jennings suddenly decides.
He wants a company inspection  and relieves Tate when the he refuses to comply.
Fearing  both Shakespeare and Fairweather comply with the order  saving Tate from discipline.
Jennings notices Friedrich screaming and moves off  going after Quinn.
He demands.
He too follow orders.
Quinn   beats him and stabs him  then confronts Tate   falls into and is hampered by barbed wire and killed by Quinn with a trench club.
Who  though manages to break Quinn s arm.
Quinn then taunts Shakespeare.
Who holds him  calling him a coward and daring him to shoot.
However  barbed wire suddenly appears  wrapping and mauling Quinn.
Which point Shakespeare shoots him to end his torture.
Back  Charlie unties Friedrich.
Whom he gives a rifle.
Charlie runs off looking.
He finds.
The paralysed Chevasse  now pale and pestered  appears to be able to move his legs again.
However   he discovers  much.
When Charlie lifts up the blanket that was covering him.
Rats have been eating Chevasse s legs.
Horrified  Chevasse begins to scream uncontrollably  forcing Charlie to shoot him.
Charlie runs off again and finds the two remaining soldiers  Bradford and Fairweather.
Bradford has tied Fairweather up and shoots Fairweather in the head.
Charlie can stop him.
Charlie finally gives Bradford him and then shoots him.
What he wanted and stabs.
The soil under the German dead starts to cave in.
Barbed wire blocks off every passage.
He stumbles and is sucked.
Charlie tries to escape.
He wakes up.
End he finds living versions while they were eating just the other night  himself as well.
He shouts defiantly.
He is nt dead and runs off  reaching the surface.
Friedrich appears and points his rifle.
Charlie is exasperated  and tells Friedrich.
He helped him.
He acknowledges.
That s.
He is free to go.
Charlie asks.
What s.
Friedrich has already disappeared.
Charlie climbs out and leaves  disappearing into the mist.
Later  another team arrive at the trench.
Seeing Friedrich they shout to surrender and lift his hands.
Friedrich gives the camera a knowing stare.
The screen fades.
<EOS>
Je ne suis.
Pas moi-meme explores the contradictions.
Where do the African masks come.
They re in need of economical resources  some are willing to sell their cultural legacy or even fake it.
Need be.
The limits grow blurry.
When sacred objects time ago.
<EOS>
Everyone wants to meet Arlen Faber  the world famous author and God  but crotchety  disgruntled Arlen simply wants to be left alone.
So far he s been successful.
But all that changes leads the reclusive writer.
When troubled bookstore owner Kris Lucas discovers his home address and barters books.
He must come.
Arlen s relationships grow.
He does nt hold all the answers.
<EOS>
An Oxford poet is convinced to become manager  after complaining about the food and service.
<EOS>
Edmond Dantes and his friend  Fernand Mondego  officers  head to Elba seeking medical attention for their captain.
Dantes and Mondego are chased.
Who believe they are spies.
The Emperor declares.
They are not his agents  and asks Dantes to give a letter.
They are sent.
The captain dies.
Dantes is reprimanded for disobeying orders.
However  the shipping company s boss  Morrell  commends Dantes  bravery  promoting him.
Mondego intercepts Dantes  fiancee  Mercedes  and tries to seduce her.
Mondego realizes.
When he hears.
Dantes will be able to marry Mercedes sooner than expected.
Mondego gets drunk and tells Danglars.
Danglars has Dantes charged and sent to magistrate J.
F.
Villefort.
Villefort is sure  but discovers.
The addressee is Villefort s father  Clarion  a Bonapartist  whom he denounced to secure a promotion.
Villefort burns the letter and fools Dantes  then attempts to send him to an island prison  Chateau dIf.
Dantes escapes and goes.
Mondego wounds him   Mondego says.
He can not escape.
When Dantes asks why he betrayed their friendship.
He is angry that he wants to be Dantes.
Dantes is imprisoned.
Meanwhile  news spreads.
Napoleon has escaped.
Mondego  Mercedes  Morrell and Dantes  father go to Villefort to plead.
Dantes is innocent.
Villefort rejects their efforts.
Mercedes thanks Mondego  but.
She leaves Mondego and Villefort discuss their reasons.
Mercedes is told.
Dantes has been executed.
Dantes befriends Abbe Faria  a priest and former soldier in Napoleon s army.
Faria was imprisoned.
He claimed not to know the location.
Faria educates Dantes  teaching him mathematics  literature  philosophy  economics  hand and sword combat and military strategy.
Their tunnel caves in  mortally wounding Faria.
Escaping. 
Who gives Dantes the location.
Dantes removes the corpse  hides himself and is thrown into the sea.
When the guards put the priest.
Dantes washes and encounters Luigi Vampa  a smuggler and thief.
Vampa persuades Dantes to fight Jacopo  a traitor.
Whom they intended to bury alive.
Dantes defeats Jacopo but makes a deal to let him live  Jacopo vows to serve Dantes for the rest of his life.
Dantes joins the smugglers  leaving.
When they arrive.
Not recognizing him  Morrell tells Dantes.
His father committed suicide and that Mercedes has married Mondego.
Danglars took.
Morrell made him a partner.
Dantes goes  finds Spada s treasure and vows revenge on Mercedes  Mondego  Danglars and Villefort.
Dantes becomes the Count.
He hires Vampa to stage a kidnapping and then rescues him  inviting the boy to his residence.
Albert invites the count to his sixteenth birthday at the Mondegos  residence.
Dantes meets to discuss a shipment of unspecified property.
Mondego meets and mentions.
His son heard Monte Cristo use the words gold  shipment and Spada.
They believe.
The shipment is treasure and plot to steal it.
Mercedes recognizes Dantes.
Whom she is still.
Jacopo allows her to hide.
Dantes does not admit  but accidentally says ` Edmond Dantes   Mercedes had never mentioned Edmond s last name.
Dantes confronts Danglars  Danglars fights Dantes.
Who reveals his true identity.
Dantes gets Villefort to confess.
He persuaded Mondego to kill Clarion for telling Mercedes that Dantes was executed.
Villefort is charged to murder  and realizes Monte Cristo s true identity before being imprisoned.
Mercedes admits.
She still loves Dantes.
The night together  Dantes decides to take Mercedes and her son and leave France.
Dantes has Mondego s debts called in  bankrupting him.
Mondego is also due to be arrested.
Mercedes confronts Mondego  revealing she is leaving him.
Albert is Dantes  son  she only married him and claimed.
The boy was born prematurely to hide his true paternity.
Mondego leaves.
Where the stolen gold shipment was to be taken.
He finds.
The chests are filled  and that Dantes has arrived to take his revenge.
Albert rushes to defend Mondego.
Mercedes reveals that they are father and son.
Mondego attempts to kill Mercedes  but only wounds her.
Jacopo throws off his aim.
Mondego fights Dantes.
Dantes impales Mondego  killing him.
Dantes returns to pay homage to Faria and promises him.
He has given up and will live a better life.
He leaves the island.
<EOS>
Kamata Town  not an ounce  So begins Yuko s story.
Yuko  is 35 years old  unemployed  single and is.
There are a number  her College friend  Homma  now a member of parliament  K  a confessed pervert  Yasuda  a manic depressive young gang member  Soichi  Yuko s cousin.
Who she meets.
Who separated  and was also dumped by his mistress.
Yuko seems to create a different persona.
Whom she is talking at the time.
Yuko knows.
She needs more than what Soichi and the other men can give her.
We all need a soft life -- the literal meaning -- once in a while.
There s also something to be said.
Yuko discovers.
<EOS>
Archie Moses is a small time crook and a thief.
Who lives.
He is working lord Frank Colton.
He is unaware.
His best friend Rock Keats is actually an LAPD undercover cop.
He is only using Moses to infiltrate Colton s gang.
One night  Jack goes out and gets him drunk  and manages to get info from Moses.
He finds an address of Colton s fronts.
Moses then flees the state  and is subsequently found and arrested later on.
Moses is brought.
He agrees to testify  but the trial is at the other side of the country.
His superior officer Jensen orders Moses to transfer him personally to the courtroom.
Him to get.
Having been bitter  Carter harbors resentment against Moses.
Problems get escalated.
A simple transfer has gone awry when Colton learns.
Carter and Moses slowly mend their friendship and are successful.
However  Colton apparently holds Flynn hostage  and blackmails Carter.
Carter and Moses pretend to comply and shoot their way through Colton s guards.
It is later revealed.
Flynn was responsible and was actually on Colton s payroll.
Carter manages to distract Colton.
Moses gets shot.
Moses gives the incriminating documents.
He heads.
Where he becomes a bullfighter.
<EOS>
The film revolves.
Carlos is  unbeknownst  a reformed thief.
One day he meets Nora  a prostitute   and decides to bring her home after falling in love with her.
Elena   is given a ring  but Nora takes it away from her complaining.
Who is being courted.
The ring is probably stolen.
This is evidenced.
When the police arrive.
Nora takes the fall.
Prudencio  Elena s other pretender  takes an interest.
Him forces him to accompany him.
Don Juan is then imprisoned.
Nora let go  but she feels.
Her honor has been tainted.
Her meddling has caused trouble  so she leaves and goes back to her job under the wing of El Gavilan.
Carlos follows suit  and confronts El Gavilan.
Who Nora from gunshot.
Nora recovers in bed  nursed by Carlos and Prudencio.
Elena   comes visit.
Who had confessed.
Who apologizes and scorn of Nora.
The family reconciles  and live happily ever.
<EOS>
Awadein realizes that Srg.
The film progresses.
Peter was the prison warden and.
He is also staying that he intends to bomb.
Events reach their climax.
When Shoukry betrays Awadein.
<EOS>
Now promoted  Joe Armstrong and Curtis Jackson are sent to a remote Caribbean island to aid the Marine Corps in investigating the disappearance of many of its soldiers.
The commanding officer  Wild Bill Woodward briefs them  four marines were captured.
He does nt know who or.
What they are since terrorism is out.
A boy named.
Then taken.
Both men look  realizing.
They ve been before.
Charlie McDonald invites them to go water skiing.
Tommy Taylor takes them  but sabotages it by unhooking the motor source.
Everyone decides to swim.
Joe becomes suspicious  and wants to stay.
Shortly thereafter  he is attacked but is rescued by Curtis.
Their report back is discarded  nevertheless Woodward gives them a week to investigate.
Tommy is told to lure Armstrong during a phone conversation with the Lion  and tells Joe.
Where to meet him.
Joe is attacked from the beginning of the film  and proceeds to get little from Taylor about a drug dealer by the nickname of The Lion.
He is killed.
Joe and Curtis inform Wild Bill.
Who tells them that Taylor told.
Wild Bill is all.
He invites them.
Awaiting. 
They arrive.
Inspector Singh quickly accuses Armstrong.
Wild Bill gives Jackson and Armstrong permission to rescue a girl named Alicia Sanborn.
She is taken after crashing the ball upon seeing that The Lion was there.
Jackson and Armstrong follow them and fight the local gang and escape.
They pick up Wild Bill and make up a story about Armstrong disappearing to avoid being questioned by Singh.
Armstrong tracks Alicia  but are attacked by ninjas.
He single-handedly takes them out.
One manages to get on the vehicle.
Armstrong makes both Toto and Alicia jump out.
Himself jumps.
The vehicle crashes  exploding the truck and killing the ninja.
Joe and Alicia head on over.
Joe gives Toto a message to give that they are on their way to Blackbird Island.
They have to wait awhile  they must wait to travel.
Patrol guards are.
Alicia tells Joe of a scientific breakthrough to cure cancer.
Burke bought his lab and had other plans.
Jackson and the other marines have to wait from the ambassador.
That Armstrong is for now.
Joe and Alicia reach the island and infiltrate the lab.
Burke is introducing his SuperNinja program.
They rescue Professor Sanborn.
Who informs Joe where the captive marines are being held.
Joe rescues the captive marines  but are caught trying to escape.
All face off.
Joe and the marines eventually gain the upper hand.
The ninjas eventually kill all but.
The marines stage an attack  and reveal.
The governor and Inspector Singh are also part.
The governor is arrested.
Singh s fate is unknown.
The Professor confronts Burke and manages to destroy his SuperNinja program  killing them both.
Joe Armstrong does one final battle and kills him.
The marines leave the island and celebrate.
Jackson and Armstrong say goodbye as they head back to America.
<EOS>
A reclusive and antisocial Sufferton resident  Max Seed  was disfigured in a school bus crash.
Killed everyone else involved.
Seed began torturing and murdering people  filming some of his victims starving to death in his locked basement.
Ultimately racking up a bodycount.
Seed is arrested by Detective Matt Bishop in a sting operation.
Claims the lives of Bishop s fellow officers.
Seed is sentenced by electric chair  and incarcerated on an island prison   only acting out.
Where he is a model inmate.
When he kills three guards who try to rape him.
The electric chair fails to kill him after two shocks.
Says any convicted criminal who survives three jolts for 45 seconds walks.
A few hours later  Seed digs his way out to the prison.
Where he kills the executioner  doctor and warden.
The next day   Bishop realizes.
Investigating the massacre.
Seed was responsible when he discovers the serial killer s empty cemetery plot.
Seed kills dozens of people  with one long shot showing him beating a bound woman with a chisel for five straight minutes.
One day  a videotape showing Bishop s house is sent.
Knowing this means Seed is going to go.
His family  Bishop races home  finding his wife  Sandy  and daughter  Emily  gone.
The four officers charged.
Driving  Bishop is lured into a basement room containing a television and a video camera  and locked inside.
The television turns on  and depicts Seed.
Emily informs Bishop.
Seed wants Bishop to shoot himself.
Seed kills Sandy  prompting Bishop into shooting himself in the head  believing his daughter.
When Bishop hesitates.
Doing so will make Seed release.
Instead  Seed takes the daughter  and locks her in it.
The film ends.
Emily sobs.
<EOS>
An avant garde fashion show is to be held.
Are bisexual Margaret and Jimmy.
Jimmy is Margaret s rival and nemesis.
He is apparently a drug addict  constantly hassling Margaret s heroin-dealer girlfriend Adrian despite not having any money to pay for them.
An alien spacecraft -- -- lands on the rooftop of the penthouse apartment occupied by Margaret and Adrian.
Jimmy suggests to Margaret  but once there he only cares about finding Adrian s stash of heroin.
They both go.
We learn.
Margaret s apartment is being watched from inside the UFO.
Meanwhile  Adrian performs Me and My Rhythm Box.
Margaret and Jimmy return.
Both agree to a photographic shoot the following night on Margaret s rooftop.
They are assured.
There will be plenty.
Margaret and Jimmy perform.
Margaret connects.
Vincent is offering cocaine.
Back she rejects Vincent.
When all he offers are Quaaludes.
He beats her and rapes her.
Middle class Katherine revoices her objection to the heroin use of her boyfriend  failed writer and heroin addict Paul.
German scientist Johann Hoffman arrives  then secretly starts observing the aliens from the Empire State Building observation deck.
Paul buys heroin.
Trying to seduce Margaret.
Jimmy has lunch.
She tries to connect.
Jimmy s main interest is.
Johann needs somewhere to continue his surveillance.
When the observation deck closes.
He seeks help he knows in America  college drama teacher Owen.
Owen fobs Johann off.
He plans to go meet a former student  Margaret.
Seeking a vantage point  Johann seeks access to an apartment building adjacent to Margaret s.
This is Sylvia s building.
Lascivious Sylvia   eagerly invites Johann.
Who happens to have a free evening.
Margaret is seduced.
He dies.
They make love  with a crystal protruding from his head.
Adrian returns.
They clash over Margaret s dalliance.
Adrian recites a eulogy  helps hide the body  and goes out to buy food.
Paul refuses to play host at a party in her loft  claiming.
He feels sick.
She angrily throws him out.
Paul shows up.
Adrian is out  and rapes her.
He too dies.
The aliens dispose.
Instantly disintegrates.
Margaret apparently believes and is grateful  but.
It is the work.
Johann intermittently continues his observation between dinner.
Dodging Sylvia s various attempts to seduce him.
He leaves to warn Adrian.
When she buys provisions.
Rebuked as a narc he returns to Sylvia.
The crew arrives.
Margaret is taunted by Jimmy  so she agrees to have sex with him knowing.
It will kill him.
He dies.
The body evaporates.
Paul s had done.
Adrian perversely encourages Margaret to have sex  rapes her.
Adrian also dies.
A vengeful Margaret applies new make-up  deserts the crew and goes.
There she reconnects.
Who previously raped her.
Back she seduces him  ensuring his death.
Katherine arrives.
Johann reveals.
The alien is extracting the endorphins produced.
Johann resumes observation and sees so goes across to help her.
She is.
He explains.
She survived because she never experienced an orgasm.
Seeing the alien craft leaving  Margaret stabs Johann and injects herself with heroin to induce a wild autoerotic orgasm to ensure the aliens take her with them.
Sylvia and Katherine arrive together and reach the penthouse in time to see Margaret vaporized by the aliens.
<EOS>
Backstage a soprano is preparing for her debut in the opera Tosca.
The stage manager gives her encouraging advice.
She is visited.
Equally terrified and nervous yet excited  she thinks fondly.
Who died.
He appears in her dressing room as a ghostly apparition.
<EOS>
The charming story is picked up from village life of our country.
The mischief.
Who has no knowledge.
His home is the seat.
<EOS>
The fashionable Fanny Brawne is introduced to poet John Keats through the Dilke family.
The Dilkes occupy one half  with Charles Brown occupying the other side.
She begins to pursue him.
Fanny s flirtatious personality contrasts.
She has her siblings  Samuel and Toots  obtain his book.
It is only after witnessing her grief for the loss of his brother Tom.
Keats begins to open up.
When he spends Christmas.
He has no living and no income.
Keats begins to give poetry lessons to Fanny it becomes apparent that their attraction is mutual  however Fanny is nevertheless troubled to Keats  reluctance to pursue her  for which her mother summarizes  Mr Keats knows he can not like you.
It is.
After Fanny receives a valentine that Keats passionately confronts them and wonders if they are lovers.
Brown   warns Keats  claiming.
Who sent the valentine.
She is a mere flirt playing a game.
Fanny  hurt by the accusations and Keats  lack of faith in her  ends their lessons and leaves.
It is not.
After the Dilkes move that spring  leaving the Brawne family six months half rent in their home neighboring Brown.
Fanny and Keats resume their interaction and fall deeply.
The relationship comes  however.
Brown leaves with Keats  so that Keats may earn some money.
She is comforted.
Fanny is heartbroken.
Fanny s mother shows concern  feeling.
When the men return.
Fanny s attachment will hinder her from being courted.
Secretly  however  Fanny and Keats are engaged.
He spends several weeks recovering.
When Keats becomes ill the following winter.
Which his friends begin a collection so that he may spend the next winter in Italy where the climate is warmer.
However  Brown is unable to accompany him.
He is taken in to live.
Keats manages to find residence.
It is here.
After his book sells  Fanny s mother gives Keats her blessing to marry Fanny once he returns from Italy.
The night -- -- Keats dies.
Before Keats must leave he and Fanny say their tearful goodbye in privacy  and in February.
As his brother Tom did earlier.
Fanny cuts her hair in an act of mourning  dons black attire  and walks the snowy paths outside.
Keats had walked many times.
It is there.
She recites the love sonnet he had written as she grieves the death of her lover.
<EOS>
The young wife starts an affair with an Italian Army deserter.
As a fanatical local Fascist leader massacres his opponents to seize power.
Opponents is the deserter s father.
<EOS>
The villainous Dr Kobras has found a golden Aztec mask  starting Jane Dobson.
He plans to use to control the minds.
Who had translated the instructions for him.
However  he fears the interference  a legendary man-god sired by aliens and the protector of the mask.
Whom he believes to be living.
The Pumaman is an American male living.
Only the Pumaman will be able to survive such a fall.
Not only is Kobras looking but so is a large  muscular and mysterious Indian named Vadinho.
Vadinho then gives Tony a magical golden belt.
When worn gives him a poncho-caped  sweatshirt-and-slacks-style superhero costume and further powers.
The Pumaman s superpowers include  Flight.
This is described leaping like a puma  but aside from some fight scenes involving a hidden trampoline  it is usually depicted through special effects as somewhat traditional superhero flight.
Seeing.
The ability to sense imminent danger.
Teleporting himself.
Which he is familiar.
Feigning death.
Super strength and the ability to use his hands like claws to tear.
Pumaman ultimately defeats Kobras.
Which the evil doctor is attempting to flee.
Tony then decides to marry the no longer brainwashed Jane.
Vadinho returns in an alien spacecraft.
<EOS>
James and Mr White work.
James witnesses the murder.
He promises the police to identify the murderer.
A police inspector  Soundara Pandian  urges the lady informer  Aishwarya  to act and stay in a house opposite to Krishnamurthy s.
Order to crack the case.
The couple tries to crack the case.
They befriend the family.
Soon  Krishnamurthy s father is also murdered.
Towards the interval  one comes to know.
The actual murderer is James himself.
James stays to theirs.
Order to avenge the murder by Krishnamurthy and his brother Ramamurthy a few years ago.
Aishwarya promises to help him in bumping off Ramamurthy.
Who returns.
<EOS>
The President of the United States is scheduled to journey through the small town of Suddenly  California.
Claiming to be checking up prior to his arrival  a group of FBI agents arrive at the home of the Bensons  on top of a hill.
Looks down.
However  they soon turn out to be assassins led.
Who take.
Sheriff Tod Shaw arrives.
Baron and his gangsters shoot.
When he does.
Carney and a bullet fractures Shaw s arm.
Baron sends one to double-check on the President s schedule.
He is killed.
Jud  a television repairman  shows up and also becomes a hostage.
Pidge goes.
He replaces.
Baron is confronted.
Meaning begins showing some reluctance.
However  these are the very least of his concerns.
It soon becomes clear - who and.
He is a psychopath whose pleasure comes.
He kills being the least.
A sniper s rifle has been mounted by a window.
Jud discreetly hooks the table up.
Pop Benson then spills a cup on the floor beneath the table.
His remaining henchman touches the table first and is electrocuted  firing the rifle repeatedly and attracting the attention.
The hope is that Baron will be shocked.
He struggles to free himself.
Baron shoots Jud  disconnects the electrical hookup and aims.
The rifle arrives at the station  but to his surprise  does nt stop.
Ellen Benson shoots Baron.
Shaw shoots him again.
Baron s last words are  Do nt  please.
<EOS>
Alipang and his Muslim Moro guerrillas are terrorizing the people of the Philippine island of Mindanao  raiding villages  killing the men  and carrying off the women and children for slaves.
S.
Army tests out a new tactic.
The army detachment is replaced.
Who are to train the native Philippine Constabulary to take over the burden.
Army doctor Lieutenant Canavan is sent along to keep them healthy.
They are welcomed.
Alipang starts sending fanatical juramentados to assassinate the officers to goad them.
They are ready.
Hatch is the first victim  leaving Manning to take command.
Manning s wife and Hartley s daughter Linda arrive.
Hartley takes charge.
Canavan disagrees.
Disobeying orders  Canavan sets out.
He has befriended.
Mike infiltrates the camp and learns.
Alipang has sent another assassin  this time.
Canavan and Mike intercept the man and take him back a prisoner.
Linda and Canavan fall.
She refuses and helps out.
When Hartley insists she leave Mysang.
Alipang then dams the river.
Which the villagers depend.
Hartley refuses to send a detachment.
The people have to rely.
The contaminated water causes a cholera epidemic.
Finally  Hartley has no choice.
To send Larsen and some men to destroy the dam.
They do not return.
The Datu  a supposedly friendly Moro leader  offers to guide Hartley and his men.
He is actually leading them.
Canavan learns.
Canavan forces the Datu to take him.
The Datu is killed.
Canavan manages to dynamite the dam anyway.
Then  he and the men raft back.
Is by Alipang s men.
McCool is killed leading the defense.
Canavan and the rest return to turn the tide.
Alipang is killed.
Their mission accomplished  the Hartleys and Canavan depart  leaving the village.
<EOS>
Adrian Helmsley  an American geologist  visits astrophysicist Dr Satnam Tsurutani in India and learns.
Neutrinos are causing the temperature of the Earth s core to increase rapidly.
Adrian gives a report.
Who ends up taking Adrian to meet the President.
President Thomas Wilson and other international leaders begin a secret project to ensure humanity s survival.
Approximately 400000 people are chosen.
Are constructed in the Himalayas.
The People s Liberation Army are gathering volunteers.
Nima is evacuated while his brother Tenzin joins the workers.
Additional funding is raised by selling tickets to the private sector for $ 1 billion per person.
Humanity s valuable treasures are moved to the Alps under the guise of protecting them from terrorist attacks with the help of art expert and First Daughter Dr Laura Wilson.
Jackson Curtis is a science fiction writer in Los Angeles.
Who works.
Jackson s ex-wife  Kate and their children Noah and Lilly live.
Jackson takes Noah and Lilly camping.
They meet Charlie Frost.
Who hosts a radio show.
Charlie plays a video.
Polar shifts and the Mesoamerican Long Count Calendar predict that the 2012 phenomenon will occur.
He has a map to information about officials and scientists from around the world.
Who were murdered.
The family returns home violently increases along the San Andreas Fault.
Jackson grows suspicious and rents a plane to rescue his family.
He collects his family and Gordon.
The Earth crust displacement begins.
They narrowly escape Los Angeles into the Pacific Ocean.
The group flies to Yellowstone to retrieve Charlie s map  escaping.
Millions die worldwide.
The Yellowstone Caldera erupts.
Charlie stays behind to broadcast the eruption and is killed.
Learning  the group lands to find a larger plane.
The arks are.
They run.
The group secures an Antonov An-500 aircraft.
They depart.
Also heading aboard Air Force One are Anheuser  Helmsley and Laura Wilson.
President Wilson remains.
C.
To address the nation one last time.
Anheuser assumes de facto leadership.
President Wilson is later killed.
Sends the aircraft carrier USS John F.
Kennedy crashing.
Arriving in a crash landing  the group is spotted by helicopters from the People s Liberation Army  carrying animals for the Arks.
Kills Sasha.
Yuri and his sons  possessing tickets  are taken  leaving Tamara and the others behind.
They are picked up and are taken to the arks with his grandparents.
They stow away with the help of Tenzin.
An impact driver becomes lodged  preventing a boarding gate from closing and keeping the ship from starting its engines.
A megatsunami approaches the site.
Yuri  Gordon and Tamara are killed  Tenzin is wounded.
Ark 3 is set adrift.
Jackson and Noah dislodge.
The impact driver and the crew regains control before it collides with Mount Everest.
The arks travel to the Cape of Good Hope in South Africa.
Where the Drakensberg Mountains have risen to become the tallest mountains.
Jackson is rejoined.
Helmsley starts a relationship.
<EOS>
Chandram is the hero.
He works.
Finally Chandram fights for farmers and their rights and does not hesitate to go to jail.
<EOS>
The film is concerned.
Who travels to the former Yugoslavia in.
His wife travels to find him  believing him to be in the city of Vukovar.
He is presumed to have died.
Travelling  she arrives in the city  and bears witness to the massacre.
Took place there.
Back home  Harrison s son Cesar cares in their greenhouse.
<EOS>
Bobby Gator McKlusky is serving time for running moonshine.
That Sheriff J.
C Conners was the one.
Gator knows  so he agrees to go undercover and try to expose the sheriff.
The sheriff is taking money.
He gets a job running moonshine and starts having an affair with his girlfriend Lou.
Eventually   Gator decides to go.
When the sheriff discovers Gator is working and sends his enforcer Big Bear.
<EOS>
The film depicts an evil scientist s campaign to achieve eternal youth.
He creates mindless zombies from the donors.
They help the scientist.
The local town residents are  to achieve immortality.
Who come.
<EOS>
Candela   marries Jose.
Who is loved.
Jose is and dies defending her honor.
Carmelo is mistakenly arrested  and spends several years in prison.
He declares his love for Candela.
She is haunted.
Candela is now free to marry Carmelo.
Who reappears every night to dance.
Candela   learns.
Speaking. 
Jose pursued her even after he married Candela.
She renounces him  but is unable to shake his hold.
Tia Rosario provides the solution - Lucia must dance.
Will exorcise his ghost forever.
<EOS>
The cartoon begins from Wagner s comic opera Die Meistersinger von Nurnberg before continuing into the title song.
A German oom-pah band composed Tojo on sousaphone  Goring on piccolo  Goebbels on trombone  Mussolini on bass drum and an unnamed man on snare drum marches through a small German town.
Where everything  even the clouds and trees  are shaped  singing the virtues of the Nazi doctrine.
Passing  they poke him out of bed with a bayonet to get ready for work.
His breakfast consists of a piece of stale bread  coffee brewed from a single hoarded coffee bean  and an aromatic spray.
Tastes. 
The band shoves a copy for a moment of reading  then marches into his house  carrying the bass drum  and escorts him to a factory with Donald carrying the drum and Goring kicking him.
Donald starts his 48-hour daily shift screwing caps onto artillery shells in an assembly line.
Mixed are portraits of the Fuhrer  so he must perform the Hitler salute every time.
A portrait appears  all the while screwing the caps  much to Donald s disgust.
Each new batch is of a different size  ranging from minute shells to massive shells  as large as Donald if not larger.
The pace intensifies.
Donald finds it increasingly hard to complete all the tasks.
He is bombarded with propaganda messages about the superiority of the Aryan race and the glory of working for the Fuehrer.
Consists. 
He has a nervous breakdown everywhere   some sing and are the same shape of the marching band from the start  music and all.
Some of which are snakes and birds.
He finds himself  and realizes.
When the hallucinations clear.
The whole experience was a nightmare.
He sees the shadow holding its right hand up in the form of a Nazi Salute.
He begins to do so himself.
He realizes that it is the shadow.
Remembering  he embraces the statue  proud.
He is.
The short ends.
A tomato is thrown at Hitler s face and forms the words The End.
<EOS>
Universally disdained  bounty hunter Morgan Hickman arrives.
Young sheriff Ben Owens admires the man.
The town s population openly abhors Hickman.
To handle dangerous situations.
He persuades Hickman to teach him the ways  forcing Hickman to face his past and lost virtues.
When Owens learns Hickman was once a sheriff himself.
<EOS>
The movie covers SG-1 s attempt to recover the Ark  an Alteran device designed to brainwash.
Whoever looks.
The Ancients believe.
Though the Ori s promise is a lie.
People should be free to believe it if they wish.
SG-1 discovers.
Box that they believe contains the Ark while digging  but before they can open it  Ori soldiers arrive  led by Tomin.
Daniel tricks them.
It is revealed to be a fake.
He refuses.
When Tomin is ordered to kill them.
Mitchell kills the Prior.
Whose powers were being blocked.
Shocked  the Ori soldiers surrender.
Back meet James Marrick  an IOA representative sent to interrogate Tomin.
Marrick is assigned to accompany them through the Supergate.
When Daniel Jackson realizes that the Ark is still.
A member of the anti-Ori resistance tells the team.
The Ark is on Celestis  the Ori capital.
Marrick activates the Asgard computer core.
When SG-1 beams down.
Alerts the Ori.
Mitchell and Carter beam back and discover and let it spread to their entire fleet.
Marrick has used the core to build a Replicator  intending to plant it.
The replicator escapes.
When Mitchell attempts to destroy it.
Marrick reveals.
The IOA removed that weakness  although conventional weapons are sufficient to destroy individual replicators.
Marrick implies.
A shutdown code has been included  but claims he does not know what it is.
He is placed.
Mitchell attempts to beam Daniel  Teal ` c  Vala  and Tomin up from the planet.
The replicator takes and keeps Mitchell from doing so.
The Odyssey jumps to hyperspace to escape  leaving the others on the planet.
Daniel finds.
The Ark brings it to the surface.
They are ambushed.
When the team emerges.
Teal  c is shot.
The others are captured.
Vala discovers.
When they are brought.
The Ori were indeed killed during the events of The Shroud.
Adria has ascended and taken.
Teal ` c   collapses due.
Who has been walking since he was shot.
He is subsequently revived and continues on to free Daniel.
Morgan then arrives and tells him  the others will be turned by a link in their staffs.
He can expose one.
This will weaken Adria enough to stalemate her.
A Prior arrives on Earth  offering a last chance to convert to Origin.
The Apollo detects a fleet.
When General Landry refuses to even listen.
Marrick is attacked by Replicators.
Who infest his body.
Mitchell is able to briefly disable the Replicator connection to Marrick s brain.
Who then informs Mitchell the shut down code is located on the other side of the crystal used to create them.
Mitchell activates an explosive charge.
Kills Marrick.
Mitchell informs Carter.
Who activates the shut-down command  deactivating the Replicators.
The Doci is caught and made to see.
When the Ark is activated and opened.
The Ori are not gods and spreads this belief.
Morgan is able to engage her in an eternal battle.
SG-1 exposes the Prior to the Ark  transmitting the knowledge about the Ori to all of the Priors in the Milky Way  and thus turning all known Priors in the Universe.
Tomin departs for the Ori galaxy as the new leader of his people  he and Vala agreeing.
While the Ori themselves were liars  Origin itself has a worthwhile message.
Tomin asks Vala to come.
Vala apologizes and says.
She feels her place is.
The Ark is taken to Area 51 for study.
<EOS>
A group -- Carl  Polly  Chauncey and Jackson -- are about to graduate.
Polly and Chauncey are dating  Carl needs a date to prom.
Jackson does nt seem to know.
What to do.
Polly comes up.
When Carl s mom becomes ill and needs $.
The plan seems foolproof.
Graduation is the perfect alibi  all the kids need to do.
Is steal the keys.
However  things get complicated.
When Carl falls with a bank teller named Suzi and Polly falls in love with Jackson.
-- including an unforeseen hostage crisis -- the friends learn a lot about themselves.
<EOS>
The film concerns a student  Ch ` oe Yeongjin.
Who has become mentally ill.
He returns to live in their small village home.
Yeongjin s friend  Yun Hyeon ` gu  is.
O Kiho  a collaborationist  attempts to rape Yeongheui.
The villagers are preoccupied.
Hyeon ` gu fights  striking and killing him with a sickle.
He believes himself to have killed Kiho.
When Yeongjin regains his sanity.
The film ends.
<EOS>
Chino Valdez is a lonely horse breeder.
Whose life is thrown when a young runaway turns up at his door looking for work.
<EOS>
The film is set.
It tells the story.
Who was abandoned shortly after her father s death.
Bad fortune follows.
She marries an alcoholic  who leaves her.
She has never cried.
This creates great difficulty.
She is called to become a rudaali until Bhinkni  an experienced mourner  enters her life.
Shanichari and the local landlord s son fall with each other.
Shanichari is reluctant to ask the rich lover.
She does not want to lower her love even.
<EOS>
Australian Stephen Manners travels and falls in love with a Maori girl.
He goes home.
She dies giving birth.
Iwa is raised.
Who explains.
Manners decides to take Iwa back  but does nt tell her.
He is her father.
Travelling is John Barris.
Who Hauraki tells that Iwa s real father actually is a missionary  not Manners.
Barris keeps this information and makes advances on Iwa.
Are stopped.
Iwa tells Manners  so Manner explains.
She is.
He is her father.
She returns.
Barris  wife tells Manners the truth.
He returns and is reunited with Iwa  this time as a romantic couple.
<EOS>
Movie star Laurel Stevens has made a new film.
It s called The Kidnapped Bride and gives a brainstorm  to kidnap Laurel.
Agent Barney and studio chief Martin ca nt figure out.
They take her.
Laurel s a.
Gossip columnist Daisy Parker is dying to know  too.
A decision is made to avoid a scandal and not report Laurel missing to the police.
Mike and Dandy want a $ 50000 ransom.
Laurel is insulted  feeling.
She s worth 10 times that.
Laurel also fears.
This thing could hurt her career.
So  Laurel alters her appearance and pretends to be Mike s girl.
When Los Angeles police sergeant McBride  who once sent Mike  comes to Malibu to do a routine check on him.
The studio finally goes and also offers a $ 100000 reward.
The ransom money is taken.
Is where the not-too-bright Dandy has a job.
McBride notices a portrait at the studio and suddenly realizes.
Where he s just seen her.
Laurel has begun to fall.
This time  Laurel knocks him cold.
When McBride shows up.
She and Mike steal the cop s car and race.
They get nabbed.
Dim Dandy has picked up the wrong suitcase.
There s no crime.
There s no arrest.
Since Laurel and Mike are now.
<EOS>
Zack is a young  divorced father.
Who starts to develop romantic feelings.
He spends a lot at a bar run by his best friend Dan Drake and hanging out with Autumn.
Zack grows increasingly aware the failing health of his own father.
He pursues a sexual relationship.
<EOS>
The film  set  begins with a young couple courting in the woods.
Doris Mann is insistent.
There is a peeping tom watching them.
Her boyfriend  Albert Potter.
There s been nothing worth watching thus far  reluctantly leaves to scout the area  leaving Doris.
Suddenly  a hideous creature appears and abducts her.
He is horrified to find Doris gone  and a hairy  clawed finger.
When Albert returns.
Terrified  he runs.
The bungling Constable Slobotham takes the details and phones his superior  the henpecked Sergeant Sidney Bung.
Bung gets an earful about the noise.
The telephone is making as it is preventing her.
Slobotham reports the disappearance.
Bung notes.
She is the sixth woman to have vanished.
The long-suffering Bung hangs up and prepares to leave for the police station.
Emily screams more.
He does.
Bung  Slobotham  and Albert search the woods.
The creature is searching but is disturbed by the arrival of Bung and Albert  Slobotham is guarding the sergeant s car.
Albert and Bung notice a horrible stench.
Slobotham faints at the monster s appearance.
The creature tears the car apart then leaves.
He lies unconscious.
Bung and Albert find Slobotham and drive.
Sockett greets them.
Sockett deadpans.
When they inquire to see the master.
The master has been dead  yet still persists in asking him if he can see them.
Bemused  the three men enter the gothic manor and wait.
Watching them is the voluptuous lady of the manor  Valeria.
Valeria reluctantly goes to wake her brother.
Sockett explains that the policemen want to see the master.
She creeps to an underground laboratory and uses electricity to reanimate her brother  zombie Dr Orlando Watt.
Dr Watt stumbles to greet the three men  and explains his dreams of reanimating his mummified Egyptian pharaoh  King Rubatitti.
Bung makes to leave but Watt collapses.
His face begins to dissolve.
Albert wires Watt up and restores him.
Bung refuses to acknowledge anything odd has happened  but is still unwilling to revisit the house.
Valeria is about to regenerate the monster  the creature is named Oddbod.
They leave.
Who kidnapped Doris.
It transpires.
Dr Watt and Valeria and Oddbod are responsible.
He receives another nagging  yet manages to escape to the lab.
When Bung returns home.
They have a report.
The scientist describes it  but says.
He will wire it up to see if it is a living membrane.
Suddenly Albert turns up.
They know what happened.
They go and meet Dan Dann.
Who. 
Unknown  Watt and Valeria have sent Oddbod to follow them.
Oddbod kills Dan.
Back  the scientist has accidentally managed to recreate another Oddbod.
Kills him and goes.
Where he is adopted.
Later that night   Bung arrives and becomes infatuated with Valeria.
Watt and Valeria have finished vitrifying another victim.
Who returns his love.
Bung is in a good mood.
Is ruined after Albert is caught breaking  claiming one of dummies is his Doris.
Obviously no one believes him.
Bung returns.
He can not stop thinking.
He lets slip.
She becomes worried.
Valeria confides.
They scheme to get Doris back.
Valeria poisons Bung and thus turns him  and sends him out to collect the dummy.
Next morning Bung and Slobotham arrest Albert  but fail to prove anything.
He has merely five toes  whilst the footprints had six.
Albert leaves.
Bung and Slobotham hatch a plan to set a trap.
Who is abducting the women.
Slobotham is disguised and made to sit in the woods.
Emily Bung follows them  thinking her husband is having an affair.
Albert also follows  wanting to catch the creature.
Emily and Slobotham are captured  and taken to the manor.
Albert and Bung find Oddbod s ear and go to see.
Valeria is safe.
Valeria and Orlando plot to rid themselves  by starting a new line of male dummies for tailors.
Valeria persuades Bung and Albert to spend the night  and slips a viper into their bed.
They sleep.
Emily Bung is turned.
They prepare to start.
Bung kills the snake.
Orlando sets the monsters.
Bung and Albert attempt to escape and save Slobotham and discover the dummy of Doris.
Albert manages to reanimate her.
Bung finally accepts.
There is something odd going on.
They are cornered and are trapped in the lounge.
They try to escape.
Albert downs the poisoned brandy Valeria gave Bung earlier.
Albert turns and defeats the Oddbods.
Orlando and Valeria burst in.
As he returns.
Orlando threatens to petrify them.
Lightning strikes a plug and brings the Egyptian mummy.
He can.
Watt is delighted  yet the mummy turns and drags him into a boiling vat  with Watt screaming  Frying Tonight.
They are surprised to find.
Mrs Bung is still a dummy  and that Valeria is now living.
The film ends.
<EOS>
Chasing the Horizon takes a look Baja 1000  one of the most grueling off-road racing events in the world.
It is known because of the extreme conditions  the length of the race.
The race is set.
Spectators have even been known to set up booby traps.
The team is a rookie trio called Team Horizon.
The film takes a look.
Milo Brown is an ex-con and junkyard owner.
Is also the team s captain.
Jeff Lloyd was once a homeless man.
Who went on to become a millionaire and racecar driver.
Toby OMara serves.
He is also a plumber.
The three men come together and form a sort to compete in this grand event.
The film takes.
The viewer sees moments but also times of sadness.
<EOS>
Shinchan wins in a lottery.
Where he gets a chance to visit the Buri Buri Kingdom.
But the real motive was to get the Power.
It is said.
When there are two people who are  they can get the wealth which is hidden in the Buri Buri Kingdom.
The movie starts.
When one boy named Sunchan gets kidnapped.
This was.
Shinchan and his parents live and ordinary life.
Where there are some men who spy.
The next day  come back.
When it was evening.
Where he sees three men wearing fancy dresses  which was clearly apparent that they had organised a Lottery competition.
Mitsy made the decision.
It was shown.
When shinchan moves the lottery machine.
The machine contains all golden balls.
Having realised  Mitsy jumps.
They won the competition.
They pack their bags quickly and the parents kissed shinchan on his cheek to thank him.
They could go.
They see two couples ahead  however  they were gay men.
When they enter the aeroplane.
Who were there only.
They soon find out.
They have been trapped.
Shinchan and his parents somehow reach the aeroplane door but.
Man put a transmitter.
That they could know where they could be.
Shinchan and his parents take the parachute.
They fall.
Where there is nothing to eat and drink.
Shinchan s parents think.
They would starve.
There were only toys and some Choco chips and one bottle.
Then shinchan meets one monkey.
Who is just.
This monkey was.
He showed shinchan and his parents.
Where only monkeys stay.
These monkeys were angry.
When they saw them  but because  the monkeys were clapping with joy.
They gave shinchan and his parents some fruit to eat.
The monkey  wanted shinchan to come with him.
Who showed them the way.
The monkey then shows shinchan one pig s nose.
Shinchan initially put.
This on is nose.
Shinchan put that thing on his pocket.
Then  the next morning  the parents said goodbye.
They set out once again.
Harry finds something.
Was very nice and good.
He found railway tracks.
They get  have their dinner to their heart s content and look at the window.
When the train comes.
They see one lady named Ruru.
Who was searching when she sees Shinchan and his parents.
She takes Shinchan saying.
Shinchan was her Prince Sunchan.
But  she realised.
He was not the prince.
Just then some buri buri men attacked the train and kidnapped shinchan.
Ruru fought well.
Shinchan was thrown.
Where he meets sunchan.
Both share their experiences and go to sleep.
Next they enter the buri buri palace.
Using the two keys.
They open the treasure.
Then arrive ruru  mitsy and hiroshi.
Ruru puts up a good fight.
There were two genies  the other was black devil  both were captured back.
Floods came.
Shinchan and gang escape by ruru s rubber duck.
The prince invites them.
Shinchan s family reaches home.
Meanwhile  the prince had learnt shinchan s elephant dance and was doing it.
The move ends.
Enjoy this laugh riot filled.
<EOS>
The film begins.
His uncle treated him.
He had no kids.
The opening narrative explains.
Ben became a die-hard Red Sox fan.
He owns.
Ben inherited his uncle s season tickets.
When he died.
The story picks up.
Who is still rather immature.
He meets Lindsey Meeks  a professionally successful workaholic executive.
Overcoming her initial hesitance  she becomes attracted because of his ability to show a passionate commitment to something.
That spring  he later pretends  but instead asks her.
He is proposing.
Where Stephen King throws the first pitch.
Lindsey attends  but not being a baseball or Red Sox fan.
She knows nothing or even how to pronounce the name Yastrzemski.
The two continue to attend the games together.
When Lindsey attempts to catch up by taking her laptop to the game.
She is knocked out by a line drive foul ball by then Baltimore Orioles shortstop Miguel Tejada off Mike Myers.
She eventually recovers  but stops going.
Things take a turn.
He rejects the offer race.
The Red Sox are.
She tells Ben and may be pregnant with his child.
She is late.
They later learn she is not.
Lindsey starts to become fed up with the Red Sox.
Ben agrees to miss a game.
Order to go to her friend s birthday party.
Ben and Lindsey have a wonderful time together.
He tells her.
It was one.
Moments later  Ben receives a call.
Who informs him that the Red Sox overcame a seven run deficit to pull off one of the greatest comebacks in team history.
Ben becomes irate hurting Lindsey s feelings.
He missed  greatly.
He and Lindsey separate.
Lindsey miserably declares he has broken her heart.
Ben soon misses Lindsey  and visits her.
He eventually feels her loss so deeply.
He plans to sell his season tickets in order to prove that she means more than the Red Sox do.
Lindsey finds out during the celebration for her much-anticipated promotion.
Immediately leaving the celebration  she rushes.
She gets.
When the Sox are just 3 outs away.
Ben is actually.
They sit.
She illegally runs across the field  deftly avoiding security personnel.
She is unable to reach Ben in Fenway Park in time to stop him from signing the contract.
She eventually reaches him.
She explains  then she loves him enough not to allow him to do so.
If he loves her enough to sell his seats.
The two reunite and kiss.
The film ends.
The Red Sox won that game  then beat the Yankees  later sweeping the National League champion St.
Louis Cardinals in 86 years.
Ben and Lindsay get married.
She gets pregnant.
The film ends.
The baby will be named if it s a boy and Carla if it s a girl  with the narrator hoping for a boy.
<EOS>
A diverse group  all frequent a local bar and struggle to accept each others lifestyles.
<EOS>
Midnight Manhunt begins.
Who expires.
Reporter Sue Gallagher is first.
She is soon with her boyfriend  fellow reporter Pete Willis.
The killer traps Sue.
When he returns there looking.
Leo Gorcey plays the caretaker.
<EOS>
One mother is Robi Damelin.
Is introduced early on.
Damelin s son David was a soldier.
Had been shot while working at a checkpoint.
The soldiers had been sent to protect an Israeli settlement.
Damelin joined the Bereaved Families Forum.
Where she was able to meet other Palestinian and Israeli families that had been.
There she worked closely and began to advocate peace between the two territories.
She continues to work to the conflict.
Ali Abu Awwad is another individual.
Who is followed to see his stance on the non-violence attempts.
He was sent to Saudi Arabia for medical treatment.
Ali s brother Yusef had been murdered.
Healing. 
Ali Abu Awwad teamed up with the Bereaved Families Forum to work with Israelis and Palestinians.
Who together campaigned.
Who are threatened.
Shlomo Zagman  is another intriguing character.
Who grew up.
Shlomo  and by and large all Israeli settlers  are extremists.
Believe that all the Palestinians should be deported Israeli settlement.
The movie illuminates this point.
We see how Shlomo and his wife transform   to become founding members of the Realistic Religious Zionism group.
This transformation is a huge step  and usually unheard  for someone.
Who grew up.
Subsequently  Shlomo tries to encourage the people  as well as other settlements  to withdraw from these occupied territories and convince them.
The persistence will bring down the entire Jewish State of Israel.
Encounter point follows this former Israeli settler.
Who risks his life and public standing sequentially to promote a peaceful end.
George then joined the Bereaved Families Forum  3 months  like many of the others in the film.
There he met Israelis and Palestinians and were ready to fight on top of their pain.
Who had gone.
George has said.
He received an apology.
He is quoted as saying we did.
We also call.
Our goal now is to try as much.
We can to carry on with our lives and help others not to go through what we went through.
George was a principle.
He became the deputy mayor of Jerusalem.
<EOS>
This lyrical psychological film is.
The characters are contemporaries in of late 1970s Azerbaijan SSR with differing visions of the world  yet sharing true and lasting friendship.
<EOS>
A computer engineer/enthusiast Paul Bradford  and his girlfriend Gwen  get sucked.
Where a demonic sorcerer named Mestema  known  has them interact in seven different scenarios/riddles to see who can survive.
They must figure out  the riddle s solution involves zapping things with Bradford s wristband computer.
To escape.
The movie begins.
Who uses a neural interface he has developed to link his mind.
He uses X-CaliBR8 from ATMs and do other tricks like change traffic lights.
The computer has been given.
A female voice and a jealous Gwen thinks Paul has become more interested than her.
It appears.
Some dark intelligence has been observing Paul and Gwen s difficult relationship and pulls them.
The being then puts Paul.
He is worthy.
They will both be freed.
He wins the game.
He forfeits Gwen s soul.
He should lose.
Paul has little choice.
To accept the challenge.
<EOS>
Kurt  a young apprentice and a member of the Technology and Sport Association  enters a race to show his maritime skills.
He falls with a girl named Anke.
He fails to win.
She loves the apprentice Hannes.
Kurt and Hannes sail.
Laue pretends to be Kurt s friend and encourages a conflict.
However  they both realize.
He intends to reach the Danish isle and defect to the West.
The two settle their differences and   return the boat home.
<EOS>
Ayme played  a recently widowed farmer  is eager to find a new wife to help him run his farm.
Desperate  he seeks the aid.
Who suggest that he go to Romania to find a new wife.
There he meets.
Elena played.
<EOS>
Charlie Hinton is a hardworking father.
Whose wife Kim has just gone back to work.
They enroll their child  Ben.
Charlie is laid off.
He opens up a day care center  Daddy Day Care  with the help of his best friend Phil Ryerson.
The local moms are suspicious of men wanting to work with children.
But  the latter begins to lose popularity.
Daddy Day Care is cheaper and more.
Miss Harridan attempts to shut down Daddy Day Care.
Charlie and Phil are not following the regulations.
Mr Kubitz  a director notifies them of the codes.
Need to be fixed.
Charlie and Phil quickly correct.
Daddy Day Care grows and attracts more children.
Mr Kubitz informs Phil and Charlie.
They need another employee to keep an appropriate ratio to caregivers.
Luckily  Marvin  a former co-worker  had dropped.
Good he is.
Marvin is unsure.
Then finds himself falling  and agrees.
Later  Mr Kubitz tells them.
They have too many kids to stay.
They find an abandoned building  but do not have the money to buy it.
They hold.
A fund raising called Rock.
Miss Harridan and her assistant wreck the festival.
Daddy Day Care does not raise enough money.
Charlie and Phil are offered their old jobs back  accepting Miss Harridan s offer to take the kids back to the academy.
Marvin  heartbroken  declines Charlie and Phil s offer to be on board their marketing panel.
Charlie soon realizes.
Marketing is not what it is all cracked up to be  and successfully convinces the children and their parents to return  making it a raging success  and causing Chapman Academy to shut down.
Marvin is now.
Miss Harridan now takes a job.
Her former assistant  Jenny  joins Daddy Day Care.
<EOS>
More and more entertainers are losing their jobs.
The world gradually loses its attraction.
A group of entertainers band together and buy a run-down theater to attract customers by showcasing their various talents on the grand opening night.
Their show is threatened by a gang of crooks.
The show finishes successfully.
<EOS>
Amar Saxena is a businessman  and the Managing Director.
India.
One day  he meets a beggar named Jagmohan.
Leaving. 
Who calls him Rohit  and asks him to return home.
Amar denies being Rohit  but feels sorry and gives him some money.
Jagmohan declines to accept.
Curious offers to help.
He visits the hospital and gets to meet Seema  and ends up falling with her.
Amar s uncle.
What he does not know that Jagmohan and Seema are plainclothes police officers  who have been assigned to arrest him.
Using his wits  Amar manages to convince the Court  and ends up.
He is  and thus escapes being imprisoned.
Amar must figure out.
Who has framed him  and why Seema and Jagmohan were so intent to incriminate him.
<EOS>
Kenji  a human  and Milfa  an elf  decide to get married.
Kenji discovers.
His penis too big to enter Milfa  due.
The series explains the efforts.
They make to overcome this problem.
Kenji and Milfa get married  and are the only ones.
Soon  however  Kenji and Milfa find their own problems  thus preventing them.
When Kenji discovers that Milfa s vagina is no bigger than a.
Kenji  however  hears.
May solve their problems.
Kenji sets off to find the Ooze  reluctantly leaving Milfa alone.
Milfa  however  earns the respect after saving two children from a rampaging hydra.
Kenji  meanwhile  finds the lair  female  angel-like creatures.
Who are known so as to have children.
Kenji is captured.
Who subsequently rapes him.
Kenji tries to resist  but is unable to stop himself impregnating her.
However  Kenji is given a bottle of Harpy Ooze.
Returning home  Kenji and Milfa attempt to have sex again  this time  but are still unsuccessful.
Milfa decides to visit the local gynecologist.
Milfa goes and meets several other women with similar problems.
Kenji is away.
Kenji  meanwhile  returns home and discovers a dead security guard and a stunningly beautiful young woman  and so did it.
Who turns out to be his grandmother  Mitsuko  a sorceress who steals men s spirits.
Order to maintain her youthful appearance.
Mitsuko informs Kenji.
Milfa has gone.
Kenji panics  the owner is the infamous  lecherous incubus  Dr Perio.
Who is a former friend.
Knowing  Kenji rushes with Mitsuko in tow.
Perio will try.
Milfa meets Perio.
Who immediately begins touching her up and undressing the both.
However   it turns out to have been a hallucination.
When Milfa suddenly headbutts Perio.
He had been planting for sexual pleasure.
Kenji suddenly bursts in  ready to kill Perio.
Perio flees.
He is ambushed.
Kenji and Milfa return home.
<EOS>
The movie opens  Ryoko and Ayeka begin to fight over chores.
Fans know all too well.
Tenchi runs.
They demand he makes a choice.
He stumbles  and suddenly vanishes without a trace.
Tenchi has a strange dream.
Surrounded. 
He s several years older  has long hair  and lives.
Tenchi shrugs off his old life and enters a new one with Haruna.
The film jumps ahead six months.
Tenchi s family and friends have been searching.
The stress is building.
His father Nobuyuki has filed a missing-person report  Mihoshi and Kiyone have infiltrated the Science Academy to look  Sasami has returned to Jurai.
Ryoko and Ayeka have moved to continue the search.
Ayeka and Ryoko have become shadows.
To pay  they ve become waitresses at a small diner during the day.
Every spare moment is spent showing Tenchi s picture to passersby  looking.
The girls report back to Washu.
Who realizes that Tenchi has been drawn to ours.
A plan to find and bring him back is set.
Meanwhile  Tenchi is beginning to get severe headaches.
Coincide with his fleeting memories of his real life.
Haruna becomes very upset.
When he starts to subconsciously draw crude pictures.
To comfort her  Tenchi takes her out to buy engagement rings  and stops for dinner at Ryoko and Ayeka s restaurant.
There is no response.
When Ryoko tries to address them.
Her attempts to touch Tenchi pass right  making his headache worse.
Tenchi and Haruna fade away  leaving Ayeka and Ryoko confused and upset.
Washu and Katsuhito have an encounter.
The old shrine master admits.
He knows what s happening.
Haruna was the name.
He left Jurai.
She died to Earth.
The huge tree grew.
Tenchi encountered before he vanished.
Haruna s body was buried.
Katsuhito explains  and drew Tenchi.
Her soul must have been very lonely.
She had lost.
Washu finalizes her plan.
Washu creates a doorway into Haruna s world.
Ryoko and Ayeka enter.
Confronting Haruna and Tenchi  they try to bring him back  but his altered memories confuse him.
Tenchi sternly rebukes the two.
Haruna banishes them back to our Earth.
Devastated  Ryoko begins to cry.
Haruna has been draining Tenchi s Jurai Power to keep her world stable.
He begins to feel the effects.
The world begins to fade away.
When Tenchi remembers more.
Haruna can not hide discrepancies from him.
Her method goes wrong stops working.
As Katsuhito confronts his past and slashes  channeling his essence into her soul.
Haruna recognizes her true love Yosho  and remembers.
She took Tenchi away  as a substitute for Yosho.
Yosho and Haruna leave together  Katsuhito reappearing.
Tenchi finally remembers.
Who he is.
Her world begins to vanish.
Tenchi has no way.
Washu can only send one person to rescue Tenchi.
Ayeka tells Ryoko to go.
Ryoko lifts Tenchi into the sky to teleport them back to the real world.
He looks back down  ready to leave it behind.
A shot shows the rings.
They purchased together  left behind as they leave the charade she kept up for so long.
The movie closes.
We examine the Masaki household returning.
Tenchi has become young again  his hair short and spiky.
It was.
He has taken up drawing.
He does not remember his experiences.
He likes the way it makes him feel.
Tenchi and Ryoko enjoy a quiet moment together.
Before the credits roll.
The wind shakes the trees  mirroring a scene.
A manga was released.
TM!IL 2 was released.
Called Tenchi Muyo.
The manga also hinted.
Perhaps Sasami and Tenchi will have a child  though Sasami realizes that her choices in the manga may or may not change the likelihood of that particular outcome.
This manga was never released.
<EOS>
An Indian chief escapes the reservation and takes along some of his warriors.
Where he has been living.
The cavalry is sent out.
<EOS>
He is then being transported to New York  along with some other criminals.
When a deranged criminal is caught.
He is able to subdue the Federal agents assigned to bring him  free the other criminals  and take over the.
He then threatens to crash the.
His demands are met.
The FBI agent decides to get to do something.
Who captured him then.
He does.
The criminal continues his plan to crash the 747  the military is going to shoot the plane down.
The agent can do something.
<EOS>
Noah returns  Damian left in 15 years.
Who committed suicide.
They nearly step in the path of a black cat.
Amelia prayed and drive off much.
They arrive.
Where they met Damian s father Mang Sebring.
His eyes are wide open.
When Eileen look.
Eileen  scared she frantically walks away and decides to leave.
Amelia warns him not to go straight in the house.
Eileen decides to obey Amelia s warning.
When driving away.
It is a superstition much.
He is also bothered and haunted.
Becca and her mother Belinda are the town outcasts  due.
They were pushed to move out  never to be seen again by the people of Balong Bato.
His modern ways keeps him.
Noah was raised.
Whose life is governed.
Damian s death starts a series and eerie haunting  all revolving around different superstitions.
Eileen   is.
Who is.
She is followed.
Who died a mysterious and gruesome death.
Not wanting to believe and accept the fact  Noah tries to give a practical explanation  straining his relationship with Eileen.
Superstitions are real.
The fact does nt help.
BECCA returns and professes her love.
Noah continues refusing to believe.
He experiences the haunting himself.
<EOS>
Dr Julian Blair is engaged.
When his wife Helen is tragically killed.
The grief-stricken scientist becomes obsessed and is not deterred by dire warnings from his daughter Anne  his research assistant Richard  or his colleagues.
He is delving.
He moves his laboratory.
Where he continues to try to reach out.
He is aided and abetted by the obsessive Mrs Walters  a phony medium.
Who seems to exert a sinister influence.
Her death brings the local sheriff in to investigate.
When their overly curious housekeeper discovers the truth.
<EOS>
An entomologist discovers.
When a civil engineer retrieves a mysterious biological sample.
It is.
Investigating  the two find themselves trapped and must rely on the scientist s knowledge of the insect world.
Order to escape.
<EOS>
Major Alexandra Everett  a decorated Marine officer unexpectedly returns home and is quickly recruited to help Saffron  a troubled teen  prepare for boot camp.
<EOS>
The British court and war government consist mainly of idiots and/or traitors.
Adolf Hitler moves and plans to marry into the Windsors.
A US Army officer claims.
The cigar-smoking iconic PM was an actor  Ray Bubbles  impersonating his own father  USMC lieutenant Winston Churchill  a genius spy who stole an enigma code machine and almost single-handedly won a very alternative battle.
<EOS>
Dharmayya Naidu a underworld kingpin.
Who lost his wife because he is uneducated.
Hence he wants to felicitate education by constructing schools.
He realizes.
The quarry he owns has good quality granite deposits.
Sambashiva Naidu is the son.
Prakash is the.
Pasupathy plays the game.
Dharmayya Naidu is forced to give granite quarry to Prakash s family.
Dharmayya Naidu s daughter commits.
He occupies the quarry and kills the brothers.
When Samba comes to know the reason.
Prakash kills everybody in retaliation.
Samba and his nemesis Prakash take shelter.
As police ban them.
Samba settles.
The rest is all about and then starts serving in educational field.
He returns and takes vengeance against Prakash.
<EOS>
Two con artistes and car thieves  Vicky and Sakshi  are faced.
When they accidentally kill Bhanwarlal s brother.
Bhanwarlal and his other brother both swear to avenge the death and mistakenly kill Rohit Verma.
Who is a.
The mistaken identity causes Sakshi to think and is she is devastated.
Her Vicky is dead.
Meanwhile unknown  Vicky is still alive and reaches Manali.
Where he is constantly confused.
Vicky relaizes.
He has hit the jackpot and decides to play along.
Soon Rohit s dad  Pratap Verma arrives home to find Vicky.
Vicky tries to trick Pratap Verma.
He already knows.
Rohit is dead.
He convinces Vicky to pose for the sake of his daughter-in-law  Neha.
Who is that her husband died on the same day that they got married.
He agrees to do the job.
However  half way he decides to grab the money and returns to Sakshi.
They are about to forget all and start a life of their own.
When Vicky discovers that he is responsible.
Because Bhanwarlal meant to kill him.
He realizes the debt.
He owes and decides to return  leaving Sakshi once again.
Meanwhile Sakshi s uncle and aunt try to get her married off.
She runs away to be with Vicky.
Vicky ca nt tell Neha the truth and so tells Sakshi.
He ca nt be.
The truth unravels.
Finally  Neha realizes.
Her husband is actually dead.
She accepts the reality.
Vicky and Sakshi get back together.
Neha decides to move on and start a new life.
Who loved her.
<EOS>
Bank is a small-time hoodlum.
He uses drugs  and sometimes works.
One day he meets Som  a teenage girl.
Who works.
The pair fall.
They get into a drug deal.
Is too big.
<EOS>
Ara tells the story.
The men are close friends  and so are their partners  thanks.
One is half French half Turkish living in Istanbul.
She rents her house to shoot commercials  movies  TV series and music videos.
They also stay.
When the homes are flooded.
The film follows these four friends living until.
<EOS>
Frontiersman Elias Big Eli Wakefield decides to leave 1820s Kentucky and move.
They run into two women.
Who take a liking.
Big Eli also has to deal.
Who cracks a mean bullwhip.
<EOS>
Ivan Ivanovic  a party functionary  arrives.
The newcomer is fanatically eager to reform the town s cultural life with socialist ideals.
He abolishes all five music societies and orders a monument.
Ivanovic s actions  however  meet stiff resistance.
<EOS>
Betty leaves her pet Pudgy home alone.
As soon  the kittens begin to make mischief  turning the house.
Betty is.
She assumes  and punishes the innocent pup.
When Betty returns.
The damage was caused.
The guilty kittens emerge by singing the title song.
A contrite Betty apologizes  and gives him a big bowl of ice cream shaped like a mountain.
<EOS>
Sorrowful Jones is a gloomy  cantankerous bookie circa.
Who is confronted.
He ultimately gives his 6-year-old daughter.
The gangsters are left.
When the desperate gambler loses his bet and commits suicide.
Sorrowful s nervous assistant  Regret  is concerned.
A crime boss named.
Blackie coerces his longtime rival Sorrowful.
The casino is opened.
Who needs money to buy back her family property.
Amanda is also counting.
A father-daughter relationship develops.
The Kid s personal needs inconvenience Sorrowful.
They become inseparable.
Amanda also takes a liking  and reluctantly  the icy Sorrowful.
Who eventually comes to love her as well -- much.
<EOS>
The film starts out.
Where a very exhausted stockgirl named Maggie Johnson is given a moment to attend.
There she encounters a charming handsome man.
He pretends to be interested.
The manager comes over and gives the man his time card.
The man is said to be Joe Grant  making him Joseph Merrill.
He is the son of the owner.
To prove he is ready for his engagement.
He has taken the job under an assumed name.
Annoyed Maggie takes Joe back and tells him to get to work.
He is so inept.
She calls him  ` The Dumbest Stockboy.
She promises to take him  much to his amusement.
A few days later   Maggie is outside waiting for Joe.
She appears to have a crush.
Some tease her.
Eventually warn her  causing Maggie from work  the back of an open truck.
Joe is coming.
Joe is swarmed.
Who try.
Determined Maggie throws her bag.
The vehicle pulls away.
Joe picks it up and chases the truck down to give it.
He finally grows weary and jumps in the truck to join Maggie.
Who feigns innocence.
The two flirt and Maggie shows him pictures.
She invites him only to find.
They reach her home.
Her family is causing a commotion.
Her father is an elderly postal worker.
Who is meek and easily subdued.
Her mother is an overweight dramatic woman.
Who enjoys going and smelling salts.
Her sister Liz is a flapper.
Who has a boyfriend who gets her.
Maggie does her best to hide the goings and sends Joe on his way hoping to have dinner another day.
Time passes.
Joe s mother is planning his engagement announcement party.
However she has not mentioned it hoping to make it a surprise.
Joe has reached a promotion now being Maggie s boss.
However he still eats lunch every day in the stocking room.
After receiving the note to join his parents for dinner  Maggie gives him a watch for his birthday.
He is touched and puts it.
He accidentally catches his sleeve on a nail.
Trying to pull himself free he accidentally puts his arm.
Enamored they head out on the town to walk in the rain.
Joe begins to spend money.
She tells him he ll end up.
Joe offers to buy her dinner.
Joe gets the idea to tell her.
They should follow the store s company motto.
We re all a family and that if they were family they could eat.
Maggie thinking agrees.
He is joking.
Meanwhile her sister is arrested  and is taken to night court.
Her family frets.
Who they believe needs to help Liz out.
Maggie had tried to call them.
She hung up.
Arriving is amazed.
It is the real deal.
Joe is amused but eventually gets her into the mansion  much to the butler s amusement.
Maggie is extremely reluctant.
Joe convinces the butler to say  a Merrill employee eats here every night.
Joe is extremely amused.
Joe s family sits concerned.
They return home to find Joe  and Maggie.
Who has hidden.
Joe admits his fiancee arrives and kisses him.
He is ` Joseph Merrill  but before he can explain further.
Maggie  heartbroken leaves.
Joe upset tells his fiancee and must go.
He had broken Maggie s heart.
Maggie walks and walks.
She returns.
She sees.
Her family arrive and after they chaste her they enter the court to try to save Liz.
Meanwhile Joe arrives to be helped by a bum.
Who had watched the whole goings.
He enters the court to hear Maggie s passionate plea.
Whom the judge eventually lets go.
Joe walks over and apologizes  saying.
Maggie fetches water ` on the verge of fainting  mother.
He did not love his fiancee and would not marry her.
He then proposes.
Causes her sister.
Liz s boyfriend makes a remark ` taking up with the Merrill boy  implying.
Everyone tries to revive Liz.
It was only.
Joe offended punches him and begins to fight right.
The next day Maggie is back home  reading the paper.
Has headlines.
Joe s father arrives.
He tells Maggie.
He wanted to send his son until the scandal blew over  which Joe agreed to.
However Joe apparently made plans to bring Maggie as well and marry.
Mr Merrill not happy tries to buy Maggie off with a check for $ 10000  his father is there.
As Joe arrives unaware.
He tells Maggie his plans.
Upset her.
Angry  she begins a whole tirade.
He really loved her or not.
She begins to claim and knew.
She is just a jazz girl.
Who he was all along.
She now had.
She was a golddigger and just to his father.
What she wanted.
She even plays a jazz record and puts to further prove her point.
Joe begins to cry.
Maggie touched breaks down and admits.
None is true and the real reason she ca nt go away with him is because of her family who needs her more than he does.
Her father becomes livid and declares.
It was time ` he became the father  and takes charge of his wife and daughters.
He commands everyone to pack Maggie s things  for the ship.
Leaves. 
The couple barely make it.
He never gave Maggie her suitcase.
Boarded the father realizes.
He tries to throw but ends up.
The couple waves goodbye.
Eventually get crowded back.
The audience sees them kissing.
When the crowd leaves.
<EOS>
The life takes an unexpected turn.
When he decides to follow his girlfriend s advice and take more chances.
She meant their relationship.
But Sherman s new spontaneity lands him next to Palmer  a washed-up  cheerfully eccentric former Olympic athlete.
Dumped and cut off  Sherman has to travel with Palmer to Southern California for an important job opportunity.
<EOS>
A married television executive has many mistresses.
Nine band together and plan to kill him.
His wife tells him.
They are planning to kill him.
They fake his death using a pistol loaded with blanks and a tomato.
The other women tell her and run away.
They were not really serious.
One commits suicide.
Her ghost comes back to view the proceedings.
Then they find out.
He is not really dead.
They decide to kill him again.
His wife divorces him.
One takes him on.
<EOS>
The story begins.
We then transition.
Where a 12-year-old girl  Jeana  places a sun filter.
She asks her mentor  a Professor Why is the Sun so bright.
The little girl laughs  having played this trick many times  she says No I meant bright  bright like happy.
The sun has a big smile.
Is he good  in the moon.
Knowing  the mentor begins to spin a tale  but.
This means she wants a story.
A mentor  this one  while entertaining  is also educational.
We transition.
He speaks.
Watching a Sun Spot spin  we dive into and pass through the chromosphere  and head toward the center.
The mentor lays.
We travel.
He explains.
The man is called the Core and spins a story how he is good and that his children photons are sent out to chase away the darkness  and bring life  warmth  and knowledge to Earth.
He adds.
The only being who does not like the Core is a creature called the Void who is an ancient  malevolent  being who existed  and who sits at the edge of the solar system  scheming to stop the Core.
We cut.
Where a large space battle rages - one composed of protons  and the opposing fleet of.
A character   makes it and heads to the sun.
We call The Ranger.
Who is a neutrino scout.
David s journey takes him  to an exploration of the moons of Saturn.
Eventually he finds Milton  an older photon character.
Who is mining.
Milton teaches David introductory material.
The two evade the evil/comical forces.
They get captured.
He gets and encounters the ship s computer  GAL.
Who   teaches David about spectra  the mission of the space craft  different radiation bands used for remote sensing  etc.
They save the antenna of the ship from a beam of anti-matter sent by the Void.
They do this.
David discovers.
He is the Space Core Commander.
He leads the transmission back   he flies through the screen and enters Jeana s eye.
Is processed  and as Jeana accesses the Web page.
<EOS>
The film brims.
The Crazy Gang s mobile fish and chip shop is accidentally tied.
The gang is carried.
They are captured but break out  impersonate Adolf Hitler and return to England in a stolen secret weapon.
The film was a.
When Britain looked.
<EOS>
Wealthy country widower Squire Wendon presents his spirited daughter  Anne a black colt.
He hopes.
Anne will discipline the horse.
She will discipline herself.
<EOS>
S.
P.
Choudhry is a dedicated policeman  caring husband and a respected man.
Being a policeman  however  makes him a strong disciplinarian  even.
His son  Jagan  grows up more under the care of his mother Lakshmi than under his father.
He becomes more and more rebellious.
Jagan grows up.
He begins to play truant  gamble and lie.
Choudhry s attempts to discipline him only results.
The rest deals with clash after clash between father and son and the mother caught in the crossfire.
Can Jagan reform and thereby unite his family.
<EOS>
The film starts off.
Several begin to drown  divers swim up to them to bring them to the Nautilus.
They are taken to a magnificent underwater domed city  Templemir  controlled by Nemo.
The survivors discover.
Much is made of gold.
Two begin to plot to steal some of the gold.
Another survivor  Fraser  is an ambassador to continue his mission.
Another feels claustrophobic in the city and desperately wants to go back to the surface.
However   Nemo tells the survivors.
They can not leave.
The only ones easily are a boy and his mother  Philip and Hellena Beckett.
Accept this.
Fraser and the Becketts are shown the underwater farms of the city.
The Bath brothers discover.
A special machine produces Oxygen and fresh water.
Gold is basically worthless  and is only used.
A by-product gold is also produced.
This makes the thieves determined to escape.
Lomax is apprehended attempting to escape by stealing diving gear.
Nemo lets him off easily.
However he later retaliates.
Will cause the city to be destroyed.
However this results only  Nemo responds to the danger by sealing off the room to save the city  leaving Lomax to drown.
Destruction still ensues.
The city is safe.
The Bath brothers are able to sneak into the Forbidden Area  a place kept off limits to all.
Whilst there  they discover a second  much larger Nautilus II  a ship.
Looks faster and more powerful.
It becomes plain.
If they follow  they will have to steal this submarine.
It is equally plain.
They will not be trusted.
Instead  they approach Fraser  and include him.
Fraser needs little urging.
Convinces Nemo to teach him.
To command the Nautilus.
He is at the helm.
When Nautilus encounters an old enemy  Mobula  a vast Manta Ray-like creature accidentally created.
Mobula attacks the Nautilus  and falls prey.
Fraser approaches Nemo.
He should be allowed to leave Templemir.
His reason is an honest one  his mission was to cut off the supply  and so prevent a much greater conflict.
Fearful falling into hostile hands  Nemo can only refuse.
He counters.
He alienates a jealous Joab  who is easily persuaded to help Fraser and the Baths steal Nautilus II.
And so   the attempt begins.
The race is on.
<EOS>
Pepperland is introduced by a narrator as a cheerful music-loving paradise under the sea  protected by Sgt.
Pepper s Lonely Hearts Club Band.
A yellow submarine rests.
Is a range of high blue mountains.
The land falls by the music-hating Blue Meanies.
Who seal the band  make the Pepperlanders immobile as statues by throwing loads of big green apples upon them  and drain the countryside of colour.
The attack starts.
Pepperland s elderly Lord Mayor sends Old Fred  a sailor  to get help  he runs to the Yellow Submarine and takes off in it.
Old Fred travels.
Where he follows the depressed and aimless Ringo and persuades him to return to Pepperland.
Ringo collects his mates John  George  and finally Paul.
The five journey back to Pepperland.
It is there.
Ringo presses the forbidden button  sending him out of the submarine  where he is riding one of the monsters  who toss him around  and with the threat of the Native Americans  resulting in George  pressing another button on the submarine  sending the U.
S.
Cavalry to successfully defeat the Indians  thus rescuing Ringo back.
Sea.
Where they meet a rather helpful nowhere man named Jeremy Hillary Boob PhD  and sing the song Nowhere Man to him.
However  Jeremy starts.
They leave.
Crying and Ringo takes pity and lets him join them aboard the submarine.
Foothills.
Where they are separated with Diamonds  Finally  the Sea of Holes.
Where Jeremy is kidnapped.
Here Ringo thoroughly investigates a hole and puts it.
Will be significant.
It turns.
When Ringo jumps.
They arrive.
Reunited  they look upon the landscape  a sorry sight.
The beautiful flowers have become thorns  the once happy landscape.
Everyone is immobilised and made miserable  only able to move.
When permitted.
The Beatles   dress as Sergeant Pepper s Lonely Hearts Club Band and steal some instruments from the tall tower.
Where the Meanies impounded them.
The four are discovered.
A clown Meanie sounds the alarm  causing the Beatles to flee hastily.
Once.
Pepper s Lonely Hearts Club Band  forcing the Blue Meanies to retreat.
The Chief Blue Meanie retaliates  sending out the Meanies  Glove.
John defeats it.
You Need is Love.
Pepperland is restored.
The residents  brought new life  rise up and take up arms against the Meanies  who are fleeing headlong back to the blue border mountains where they came from.
The original Sgt.
Pepper s Lonely Hearts Club Band are released.
Ringo rescues Jeremy.
The Beatles then have a rematch  singing Hey Bulldog  with the Beatles victorious once again.
The Blue Meanies are forced to retreat.
The Chief Blue Meanie tries to save face  but Jeremy performs some transformation magic on him causing the Meanie to sadly concede defeat.
John extends an offer.
The Chief Blue Meanie has a change and accepts.
An enormous party ensues.
Where everyone sings It s All Too Much.
The animation is replaced by live-action with the real Beatles  having returned home  playfully showing off their souvenirs  George has the submarine s motor  Paul has a little ` LOVE.
Ringo still has half a hole.
Looking  John announces  Singing.
Newer and bluer Meanies have been sighted and claims there is only one way to go out.
The quartet obliges.
Ends into various languages appearing in sequence on the screen.
<EOS>
The film will attempt to adapt the first two novels.
Span the years.
Caesar and Marcus are trained to be warriors.
The children go to join Caesar s uncle Gaius Marius and the populares faction.
Caesar s father and others are killed.
Marius   is waging a political war.
Who is consul.
Sulla is shipped of to Asia Minor to fight Mithridates VI of Pontus.
Meanwhile  Marius takes.
Possession falls in love with Cornelia Cinna  daughter of a populare.
Marcus goes to Macedon to join a legion.
He is   not in position to become a senator.
Civil war rages between him and Marius.
Sulla succeeds in capturing the city and kills Marius.
When he refuses to surrender.
Marius asks his loyal men to defeat Sulla.
Which Caesar is captured.
He asks Caesar to join him  threatening him.
He refuses.
Sulla lets.
Him go.
Forced to flee Rome  Caesar does so and joins the navy to go.
Meanwhile  Marcus has been victorious and is opted to lengthen his contract.
He does so  and  reveals the surname Brutus.
When asked to sign his name.
The book closes.
The Death - Opening.
He is saluted.
Meanwhile  Brutus is forced to flee Greece.
Accompanied  he sets off to Rome.
Meanwhile  Cornelia is terrified.
Sulla haunts her.
Where her and Caesar s daughter Julia is born.
Others are tortured and killed.
Caesar is caught and forced to ransom 20 talents.
He suggests 50 instead.
He builds up a minor army  manages to find the pirate and takes revenge.
Being released.
He finds out Sulla and decides to go home.
Is dead.
Meanwhile  defeated but surviving  Mithridates rebels yet again to fight  managing to defeat and kill the king  receiving enemies.
Rome and Caesar falls with him.
Upon returning  Caesar rises as a lawyer and manages to claim Marius  old house and send the optimate housed in it into slavery.
Caesar follows the populares Pompey and Crassus.
Who rallies troops and hunts the slave army.
Cato  now lets murderers kill Cornelia and Caesar returns.
Who secretly had Pompey s daughter killed.
Pompey kills him and Cato.
Crassus builds a wall to trap the slaves.
Caesar goes out to fight the last battle  depressed but encouraged Cabera  a healer and friend of Renius.
Spartacus fights the last battle.
Seeing his slaves are defeated  grasps his sword and charges  predicting one day.
He puts.
Rome will fall.
The book closes riding along the Via Appia towards Rome  passing six thousand crucified slaves.
The two have been assuming power and  having exiled Caesar  enter the city  with Pompey believing Caesar will be no more.
He already is.
<EOS>
The post war trial.
Who took responsibility.
He considered them to be war criminals.
Okada took full blame  in effect  shielding his subordinates from harsh punishment and earning him wide respect.
The movie seeks to call attention.
<EOS>
Their aunt Esther attempts to adopt the younger brother  an adorable five-year-old  named Bo.
When Prosper and Boniface s parents die.
Who eventual turns six as the movie progresses.
She plans to send twelve-year-old Prosper away.
However  Prosper takes Bo.
They can separate the two boys.
Which their mother often told stories.
The money Prosper brought quickly runs out.
Bo becomes ill.
Prosper is forced to resort.
The boys are nearly caught and lose the rest  but are rescued by the mysterious Thief Lord.
The Thief Lord  a mask-wearing teenager  invites the boys to come to his hideout  an abandoned movie theatre called the Stella.
Whose name is Scipio.
The Stella is also home.
Scipio has rescued.
They steal.
The majority comes from Scipio.
Who goes and always brings back treasures.
Unfortunately  Barbarossa - the sleazy antique dealer - always cheats the children.
The children have to sell their stolen goods.
Bo brags.
Prosper is great.
Prosper ends up getting Barbarossa to quintuple his asking price.
Barbarossa tells.
Riccio and Prosper there is a client who needs something stolen and is willing to pay big money.
Meanwhile  the boys  aunt and uncle  Esther and Max Hartlieb  have traveled and entreated the help of Victor Getz.
Order to find their nephews.
The inspector wanders in front of a pastry shop and chases the boys.
When they run away.
However  he is distracted and loses the boys.
Back  the children celebrate Prosper s success.
Riccio tells Scipio.
He decides to take the job.
Scipio takes all of them with him to go and see the client  a mysterious man known only as the Conte.
However he only let.
S Prosper and Mosca come to meet the client.
The conte asks them to steal a wooden wing  a fragment go round of the merciful sisters.
It he would pay fifty thousand euros.
Bo  Hornet and Riccio are forced to wait outside.
Scipio  Prosper and Mosca are preoccupied.
Meets Victor Getz.
There Bo.
Who befriends him.
Slip. 
They are talking Bo accidentally lets.
He lives.
Prosper and the others return and chase him off.
Scipio comes up.
Hiding. 
Which Victor Getz sees his face.
Scipio needs to go away.
He asks the gang out the mansion where the wing is kept.
Victor Getz approaches Dottore Massimo  owner of the Stella.
That Scipio is not a poor orphan at all.
There he discovers.
He is the son.
Scipio makes a break and manages to escape back to the Stella.
Massimo asks Scipio help Victor get in.
He tries to persuade the others to leave but instead they devise a plan to catch Getz.
It works.
Getz is soon their prisoner.
The others are confused.
When Scipio does nt show up out the next day.
Getz tells them.
What he had discovered.
The gang visit Massimo s mansion.
There they find out the truth.
That Scipio had.
Lied and that all the ` loot  had come from the house.
Riccio is the most upset out  feeling betrayed.
They find.
When they return.
Getz has escaped but gave them his ` word  that he would nt reveal their location to anyone as long as he did nt hear of any break ins.
However he had fixed the projector.
They enjoyed a short film.
Mosca has been working on.
And   they decided to complete the bargain.
Though their moral was low.
They encounter Scipio.
When the group decides to steal the wooden wing where it is supposed to be.
They refuse to work.
They also accidentally wake the owner.
Looking around.
Ida agrees to let the group take the wing as long.
They take her.
Scipio drives all of them on a boat to meet the Conte.
The deal goes off.
Unfortunately  Prop and Bo s persistent aunt and uncle do not believe Getz claims.
He tells them he firmly believes the boys have left Venice.
To complicate matters  Barborossa decides to take matters taking police to the Stella.
Where they were able to take Hornet and Bo  who remained behind  and close down the Stella.
Prosper and the others find and decide to confront him.
When they return.
Hornet and Bo are gone  becoming worried that Getz has sold them out.
Getz helps them.
When they confront him they get a phone call  discovering that Bo is when them and that Hornet was with the police.
They also figure out.
The money the COnte gave them is also fake.
Ida and Getz are able to get Hornet.
Whose real name is Catarina.
Ida allowed the group to stay.
Scipio sneaks.
Where the Conte where the Conte resists in order to ride the merry-go-round  which is said to have mystical powers or restore youth to the riders  in order to become adults and both get what they want.
Bo   sneaks out.
Who despises his aunt and uncle.
They are staying in.
Where Getz   finds him and brings him back to Ida s house.
Meanwhile  the Conte  are now children  around the same.
Whose real name is Renzo  and his sister the Contessa.
They offer   a ride on the merry-go-round for being unable to truly pay them.
The others discover the money payment was fake.
However  only Scipio takes this offer.
Jumps off after being warned by Prosper  now an adult.
Scipio tricks him.
When Barborossa appears.
Restores youth breaks the merry-go-round after becoming a young child during the ride.
Prosper is reunited with his younger brother.
The older Scipio appoints himself.
The man does not object.
Barborossa is left alone.
The children are reunited at Ida s.
The adults step outside.
The aunt and uncle  take the opportunity to break and take back Bo.
Who had followed Getz.
Riccio  Prosper  and Mosca fend off the two adults.
Hornet keeps Bo.
The children lose the upper hand.
When the uncle takes hold and points it at Prosper.
Bo  remembering the night  tells him.
The group had stole the wing and were confronted.
The gun does nt work.
Testing the gun out  the uncle hears.
It hits a spot right next to Prosper.
Startled  the two adults are then confronted.
Who returns  takes the gun  and tells the aunt and uncle to leave and never return successful.
Taking the money  Riccio and Mosca split it.
They deserve.
Scipio uses his share to buy the boys a boat and to establish bank accounts.
Victor  Ida  Prosper  Hornet  and Bo are.
Ida comments.
How they would make a great family and how the kids do nt have to leave.
They decide to stay together.
<EOS>
Arlo Pear is a transportation engineer living.
One day he goes to work and meets a new female.
Arlo guesses  Roy Hendersen.
When both attempt to enter their keys in the same office doorknob.
What has happened and confronts his boss.
He learns.
His company has merged.
Now Arlo is out.
He ends the meeting.
He flips Roy off using his index  rather than his middle finger.
Arlo s wife Monica tries to defuse the situation.
She can get him a job.
Least until something better comes along.
Knowing  Arlo refuses.
A job would better suit him.
His attempts to find work are futile.
He receives a phone call  due to Roy s influence.
The firm all but hires him.
Arlo is excited.
He finds out that his new job will be.
Arlo takes the job.
Arlo breaks the news by telling them  prompting angry responses from both his wife and his daughter Casey.
He has a new job  but holds off.
The family uses a swear jar to collect cash penalties.
Casey puts cash.
She makes her feelings known.
Shortly afterwards  Monica retrieves her purse and withdraws a large sum  ordering their twin sons  implying.
Randy and Marshall to leave the room.
Her own use will cost her dearly.
However  Monica calms down later that evening and agrees.
Casey is much less willing to concede  even going so far as to sabotage their attempts to sell their home.
They finally tie Casey up to control her.
Finally makes Casey listen.
They agree to let her stay.
She graduates high school later that year.
They sell the New Jersey home and buy one from an eccentric older couple  with the husband saying any arbitrary fixture  following some of the remarks with just kidding.
We re taking it.
It becomes a running joke.
Arlo and Monica then hire a moving company.
Whose workers  Perry and Edwards  they find shady and decide to sign.
Much show up and inform them.
They now work.
He is intimidated by their massive assistant  Gorgo.
When Arlo protests.
Having no options left  they reluctantly comply.
Is the Pears  relationship with Frank Crawford  the obnoxious next-door neighbor in New Jersey.
Who is a shell-shocked Vietnam veteran  including using a noisy V8-powered contraption that he uses to mow his grass every Saturday.
However  the passive Arlo is afraid and fails to reason with him to reduce his noisemaking on the weekends.
Frank introduces himself to Arlo s new homebuyers under the guise of the model neighbor  telling Arlo.
He does so because you people bore me.
Next is finding someone to drive Arlo s Saab.
They find the ideal driver to do the job.
However   they pass Brad  but find him dressed in women s clothes.
They re.
It s then revealed.
Brad is a sociopath.
The Pears arrive   windows and doors removed   without mentioning just kidding afterwards.
To find the pool.
That the seller told the Pears they would be taking with them.
Then they meet their next-door neighbor  mowing his grass and.
Who bears a strong resemblance.
They learn.
He is Cornell Crawford  Frank s twin brother  and.
The events fill up the Swear Jar and begin another  almost full Swear Jar II.
They find.
None have been delivered.
They find.
Perry  Edwards and Gorgo have made a stop  way out of their way towards the intended destination.
Brad shows up.
Has been all but totally destroyed.
Then   Arlo finds.
When it seems things ca nt go any more wrong.
His new job has been eliminated.
Arlo heads to drown his sorrows and is knocked to the floor during a drunken rant about his plight by a patron.
Who mistakes his rant.
Unable to take any more  Arlo first gets  threatening him physically.
He does nt immediately replace the fixtures he took.
Then finds the movers and convinces them to pull the truck over.
He knocks out all three  and manages to save his new job.
Finally  returns home  and finds Casey.
Who has decided to join them out west.
The house is begun to be restored.
The movers   handle their belongings with extreme professionalism.
And  he is interrupted.
When Cornell Crawford gets ready to mow his grass.
Who tells him to put his contraption back and invest in a human-sized mower.
He s answered apparently at the end of his own rope from all the moving mess.
Cornell says who s going to make me.
Cornell immediately backs off  obviously alarmed  and expresses his admiration.
The film ends.
<EOS>
Andy McDermott is a tourist seeing the sights with his friends Brad and Chris.
He executes a mid-air rescue.
When Serafine Pigot leaps off the Eiffel Tower just before Andy is about to bungee jump.
She vanishes  leaving Andy intrigued - and also unaware.
She is the daughter  the couple seen 16 years earlier in the first film.
That night  Andy  Chris  and Brad attend.
A night club called Club de.
The club s owner  Claude  is actually the leader.
Uses the club.
Serafine arrives  tells Andy to run away and transforms.
The club owners transform as well and butcher all the guests.
Chris escapes  Brad is eaten.
Andy is bitten.
The next day  Andy discovers himself transforming.
Brad s ghost appears and explains Andy s werewolf condition.
He must eat the heart of the werewolf  in order for Brad s ghost to be at rest  the werewolf.
Bit him.
Ate his heart must be killed  too.
Andy hooks up  but transforms and kills her.
Andy also kills a cop  suspecting Andy was involved.
Who had been tailing him.
Andy is arrested but escapes.
He begins to see Amy s ghost as well.
She begins trying to kill him.
Claude and his henchmen ask Andy to join their society.
To prove his loyalty  Andy must kill Chris.
Serafine rescues Andy  explaining.
Her father prepared a drug to control werewolf transformations.
Instead the drug forces werewolves to immediately transform.
Claude and the other werewolves then raid Serafine s stepfather s lab and kill him  taking the drug to transform immediately.
Serafine and Andy learn.
Claude has planned.
They help.
The partygoers escape and Andy manages to kill the werewolf that ate Brad s heart  thus setting Brad free.
The cops arrive.
A fight ensues.
Andy and Serafine manage to kill many werewolves.
When she runs out.
Andy does not know and shoots Serafine.
She has transformed.
Claude makes his way  but slips onto the tracks.
A train slams  causing him to transform back to a human.
He tries to take another dose.
Andy stops him.
Andy discovers.
They fight.
Claude is the werewolf that bit him.
Andy then kills him and eats his heart  breaking the werewolf curse.
Serafine survives.
The film ends celebrating their wedding atop the Statue of Liberty.
They bungee jump off it.
Serafine has a vision of her father in the back of an ambulance.
Andy eats Claude s heart.
The alternate closing scene shows Serafine and Andy having a child.
Whose eyes shift to look.
<EOS>
Young Gajapathy is brought up.
He decides.
Him to go.
Owned. 
He meets up with Senthil who guides him into an interview in a 5-star hotel.
Gajapathy meets Amala and falls with her.
Many attempts are made to kill Rajkumar by his uncle and son Nasser.
The blame goes to Rajkumar mother K.
R.
Vijaya.
Who is actually Gajapathy s mother.
Realising all this Gajapathy takes an oath no matter.
What happens he will let any harm come.
Can Gajapathy thwart them all.
These attempts are being made.
<EOS>
The Jones family   is raided with villainous neighbor McCord.
To prove claim.
Who gets most.
Two survivors are helped.
Now Sierra Nevada Jones must fight.
Can she gain the help.
<EOS>
Captain High ` Bulldog  Drummond has just returned.
A young woman jumps out.
He is driving home.
He misses her.
She falls.
He hears a shout  then gunshots.
He tries to revive her.
The woman drives away.
He goes to investigate.
He is soon able to trace her.
She urges him to help her get out.
When he goes there to meet her.
<EOS>
Englishman Rudolf Rassendyll decides to pass the time.
He encounters an acquaintance there  Antoinette de Mauban  the mistress of the king s treacherous brother  Grand Duke ` Black  Michael.
The day  Rassendyll is seen by Colonel Sapt and Captain Fritz von Tarlenheim.
Astounded  they take him to meet Rudolf at a hunting lodge.
The king is delighted and invites him to dinner.
A servant brings in a fine bottle of wine  a present from Michael delivered by his henchman  Rupert of Hentzau.
He finds it so irresistible.
Rudolf tastes it.
He drinks the entire bottle.
The next morning  Sapt is unable to rouse him  the wine was drugged.
Sapt is afraid.
If the coronation is postponed  Michael will seize the throne.
The country is dangerously divided.
The colonel declares  he can take Rudolf s place the wiser.
It is Fate that brought Rassendyll.
The Englishman is less certain  but he tosses a coin.
Lands. 
Rassendyll goes through.
Afterwards  he is driven.
Later   he and Sapt find only the corpse  the servant left to guard the king.
When Rassendyll returns.
Rassendyll is forced to continue the masquerade.
Michael tries unsuccessfully to bribe Rassendyll into leaving.
Follow. 
The two fall.
Meanwhile  Rupert tries to alienate Antoinette by telling her.
Michael will marry Flavia once Rudolf is out.
However  it has an unintended effect  Antionette reveals Michael s plans and Rudolf s location.
A dwarf assassin tries to garrot Rassendyll.
Sapt interrupts him.
He can finish the job.
The would-be killer mistakenly signals.
The deed is done.
The duke hastens to quietly dispose of the real king.
However  Rassendyll was only rendered unconscious.
The three men chase.
When von Tarlenheim arrives.
Sapt and von Tarlenheim split up to find a way.
Rassendyll goes inside alone.
When Antoinette lowers the drawbridge.
He manages to kill Michael.
Outnumbered. 
Then Sapt and von Tarlenheim come.
He chooses a watery death rather than execution for treason.
When Rupert is cornered.
Rudolf resumes his rightful position.
Rassendyll hides out.
Flavia stops there to speak with Colonel Sapt.
A servant girl blurts out.
The king is staying.
Rassendyll is forced to tell his beloved the bitter truth.
Her sense force her to stay.
When he tries to persuade her to leave.
Rassendyll departs alone.
<EOS>
The film tells the story.
<EOS>
Gene Autry returns as guest of honor at the Frontier Days Celebration.
Where he meets his childhood enemies  the Wildhack brothers -- Mark  Jasper  and Bud -- who are now local gangsters.
The Wildhacks own a saloon next door.
Gene protests and threatens to expose them.
When their shooting and brawling endangers the safety.
The Wildhacks stop the broadcast and beat Gene up.
Realizing  Gene decides to remain and get into shape again.
Hollywood life has softened him that he ca nt hold his own against three assailants.
He is encouraged.
Corney Courtney and Pop Laramie.
Refusing to return  Gene now broadcasts his radio shows from Torpedo.
Julie Sheldon  a debutante  sees Gene in his natural setting and begins to take an interest in the cowboy.
She formerly scorned.
Meanwhile  Gene rounds up the Wildhacks and fights them single-handed  forcing them to sing.
Gene runs.
When the brothers become determined to get revenge.
He will be to clean up the Wildhack political machine for good  and also make use of the Vote for Autry song.
Ensue. 
Gene discovers evidence.
Identifies the Wildhacks.
Magers 2007  pp.
.
<EOS>
Ben Cooper and his family are struggling to balance household chores  school and work.
Ben is the family caretaker  a role inherited.
Always busy taking care  he has no time to be a kid  including playing basketball  his favorite sport.
He enters the competition as often.
When Ben sees that a Smart House is being given away.
He can.
The family wins the house  and is introduced.
Ben  his father and sister  Nick and Angie Cooper  move.
His father and Sara begin to date.
Ben begins to reprogram Pat.
Is dangerous.
He wants to lighten up Pat and make her a substitute mother.
Ben and his sister Angie have a party.
Nick and Sara are.
Pat helps.
Them cover up the party so they would nt get punished.
Nick finds a sweater.
Who was.
The family starts to resent her.
Pat s personality begins to radically change.
Eventually  Pat traps the family.
She believes that the outside world is too dangerous.
Sara tries to get back  she gets in through the newspaper chute  but becomes trapped with the rest.
She appears.
They protest Pat s lockdown.
Ben is able to end the lockdown.
Pat is nt real and will never be a human.
Pat finally unlocks the doors and windows  freeing them.
Sara is then able back to her original personality.
<EOS>
The S.
S.
Illinois docked in South Philadelphia.
Were 225 European Jewish refugees.
Of whom settled nearby.
I  a little over 40 years later  South Philadelphia was home to over 100000 Jewish immigrants  making it the second largest Jewish neighborhood in the United States.
However  the thriving community did nt last long.
The Jews began moving to other parts of the city and surrounding suburbs.
The Jewish community of South Philadelphia had almost completely vanished.
Using a mix  Echoes from a Ghost Minyan documents a once thriving neighborhood by illuminating the lives and perceptions of those.
Who once lived  worked and worshipped there.
<EOS>
Retired Judge Shyamlal Kumar lives.
Who is now studying law and is.
Arvind meets beautiful Asha Shastri.
They fall.
Asha introduces Arvind.
Who instantly approves  as Arvind s parents do of Asha.
But  he withdraws his blessings and asks them not to marry.
When Chintamani sees a dark future.
Spooked also ask Arvind to marry someone else.
Arvind and Asha start living together.
This causes anger.
Both are blacklisted.
Asha becomes pregnant  but does not know.
Arvind has met a young woman named Neelam Shukla  who believes that Arvind is a bachelor and wants to marry him.
Saddened.
Asha should not touch his dead body.
There she joins Ashram  gives birth and works as a nurse in Dehradun.
Meanwhile  Arvind gives-in wish to marry Neelam.
Judge Arvind shifts to Dehradun and unknowingly gets in-touch with his own son.
Neelam s pregnancy gets complicated.
The doctors could not save their child.
Neelam can no longer become a mother again.
Arvind meets Asha.
He enquires and finally would like to adopt him.
The boy comes with a letter.
When Asha gives in.
Neelam gets the letter and becomes furious.
She returns the boy and drives madly back to their home.
Arvind tries to explain her  but.
She is recklessly driving.
Neelam rams the car  seriously injuring both Arvind and herself.
She dies.
Arvind is brought on the verge of death.
He marries Asha thinking.
He is anyway about to die.
The doctor takes him.
Will Asha s father s prediction come true.
<EOS>
Moshe and Mali Bellanga are an impoverished  childless  Hasidic baal teshuva couple.
They can not pay their bills  much less prepare.
Moshe is passed over.
Moshe admires a particularly beautiful etrog  or citron  one.
They console themselves.
Difficult times are a test.
They receive an unexpected monetary gift on the eve of the holiday.
Moshe buys the etrog.
Is much more than he can afford.
The couple is visited.
Of whom knew Moshe.
The convicts become their guests  creating many conflicts and straining Moshe and Mali s relationship.
<EOS>
Carola  a German woman  living  is on holiday with her boyfriend in Kenya.
She falls with Maasai warrior Lemalian.
Who is visiting dressed.
She decides to stay.
It turns out.
Lemalian has gone in the Samburu District.
Carola travels  and stays at the house of another European woman.
Lemalian hears and comes to meet her.
Eventually they start living together.
She travels to sell her shop there  promising Lemalian to come back to him.
She does.
They marry and have a daughter.
Carola buys a car and starts a shop.
They lose money.
Lemalian gives too much credit  and because they have to pay bribes to the.
Lemalian argues.
This is no problem because she has more money.
The mini-chief demands.
Carola hires his teenage nephew.
She has to accept this.
She does not need him.
He does not work hard.
She fires him.
When he is just drinking beer and not working.
Later he returns and attacks her.
A local judge rules.
She has to pay two goats him.
The boy s family has to pay her five goats to compensate.
Carola is frustrated.
She wants to stop it.
It is a long tradition.
Is not easily changed.
Lemalian refuses to assist.
When Carola helps a sick woman.
The woman is supposedly bewitched.
Lemalian does not want Carola to be friendly.
If she just serves a customer.
He is very jealous and suspicious having a boyfriend.
He even wants to kill a man.
He suspects.
Carola wants to return  taking their daughter with her.
Lemalian signs a form giving Carola consent to take the girl out of Kenya.
He suspects that she will not return.
<EOS>
9-year-old Eva Gregory longs  but her mother Amy does not think.
She is responsible enough.
Her stepfather Tom is allergic.
She can not keep the pet.
Peter s house because he is a pilot and travels a lot.
One day  a Capuchin monkey runs away  gypsy thief Azro.
Who blames him.
He meets Eva.
She names him Dodger.
She finds.
Keeping him a secret is trouble.
She only allows her little half-brother Jack.
Who can not speak yet.
Dodger steals food and hides it in Eva s backpack.
She returns it.
She discovers.
He has also stolen golden jewelry and wallets.
So she teaches him not to steal.
Azro kidnaps him.
Where Eva had left him while she was.
He discovers.
He does not steal anymore.
Angry  he confronts Eva.
Amy  Peter  Tom  and his fellow police officers look.
Dodger saves her.
Azro is arrested.
Azro s son Mark tries taking him back but fails.
He ends up living.
She shows her mother that she is responsible.
Her stepfather discovers.
He is not allergic.
<EOS>
Featuring concert footage and interviews both with band members  the publishers of Slash fanzine  and with the punks  the film offers a look into a subculture.
Who made up their audience.
Was largely ignored.
The promotional poster featured.
A close-up frame closed.
Crash died shortly.
The film was released.
Bands included.
Are Black Flag  Germs  X  Alice Bag Band  Circle Jerks  Catholic Discipline  and Fear.
The Germs  performance was replicated.
What We Do.
<EOS>
Dr Bruno Sachs  the only medical practitioner  seems on the surface to be compassionate and dedicated.
However  he is not happy in his work and does not like most of his patients.
Include a heart patient who refuses life-saving surgery  and a man whose wife wants sex three times a day.
The strain of which is causing his body to wear out.
To supplement his income  Dr Sachs performs abortions.
Here he meets Pauline Kasser  a young woman.
They are attracted.
She would like to consummate their relationship.
She is not interested.
A few days later she bumps in a book shop.
Their relationship seems to start.
<EOS>
A documentary film.
Looks with their record label  Island/Def Jam.
Hanson is faced with the challenge of making a new album while dealing with an endless array of obstacles.
They must learn to cope with an insatiable record label executive  incompatible producers and ultimately with each other.
<EOS>
Rajiv comes  and lives in a palatial home with his mother  named Vijaya Singh  the only daughter of Thakur Ajay Singh.
Who would like him to get married.
Rajiv  however  is with Rajni.
Who is an orphan.
She refuses to give her blessings  but relents.
When Rajiv informs his mother.
The marriage is arranged.
They enjoy their wedded bliss - that is   a sadhu capable of controlling snakes.
He informs Rajiv s mum.
Rajni is a shape-shifting venomous snake who has married Rajiv to avenge the death during Rajiv s childhood.
Is. 
What Rajiv s mum does not know.
Bhairo Nath has a secret agenda.
<EOS>
Ten-Year-Old Moon leaves their forest shelter home and is sent to an Alabama institution  becoming entangled in the outside world and making good friends  a relentless enemy  and finally a new life.
He has never known.
<EOS>
Unassuming catering salesman Jim Ferguson falls.
Where he saves the life.
Jim is zapped back.
He can work out what has happened.
Who lives.
He and Biggles are time twins  spontaneously travelling when one or the other is in mortal danger.
Together  Ferguson and Biggles fight to stop the Germans changing the course of history by destroying a Sound Weapon with a Metropolitan police helicopter.
Was stolen while escaping a SWAT Team in 1986 London.
<EOS>
A young boy  Moncho  goes to school for the first time and is taught by Don Gregorio about life and literature.
Moncho is very scared.
The teachers will hit him.
That was the standard procedure then.
He is relieved to discover.
Don Gregorio does nt hit his pupils.
Don Gregorio is  he builds a special relationship with Moncho  and teaches him to love learning.
Don Gregorio also builds a special relationship.
Who is a Republican.
Moncho s mother is.
They round up known Republicans.
When Fascists take control.
Moncho s father is a Republican.
He too will be taken away if the fascists discover his political leanings.
The family goes to jeer the captured Republicans.
Order to protect themselves.
They are paraded out and boarded onto a truck.
<EOS>
Mengejar Mas-Mas is an Indonesia drama comedy movie.
Shanaz felt guilty.
Her relationship disharmonize.
Things get worse.
When her mother decides to marry her boyfriend since her father died.
Disappointed  Shanaz runs away to follow her boyfriend Mika.
She lost contact.
She s been strayed to Pasar Kembang  the worst localization in Jogjakarta.
She meets Ningsih  a prostitute.
Who saves her.
Ningsih lets.
Shanaz stays.
They get close.
Then Shanaz meet Parno  Ningsih s former boyfriend.
They often spend their time.
Parno s crushed.
He s 20 years older.
Shanaz secretly falls with him.
Ningsih and Parno still care.
<EOS>
Gil Pender  a successful but creatively unfulfilled Hollywood screenwriter  and his fiancee  Inez  are.
Gil is struggling to finish his first novel  centered.
Who works.
Inez dismisses his ambition and encourages him to stick with the more lucrative screenwriting.
Inez is intent.
Gil is considering moving.
They are joined by Inez s friend Paul  a pedantic.
Who speaks on the history and art of the city.
Inez admires him.
Gil finds him insufferable.
One night  Gil gets drunk and becomes lost.
A 1920s Peugeot Type 176 car draws up beside him.
The passengers -- dressed -- urge him to join them.
They go.
Where Gil comes to realize that he has been transported back.
He encounters Alice B.
Toklas  Cole Porter  Josephine Baker  Zelda and F.
Scott Fitzgerald.
Who take him to meet Ernest Hemingway.
Hemingway agrees to show Gil s novel.
Gil goes to fetch his manuscript.
However  as soon  he finds.
He leaves.
He has returned.
The bar has disappeared.
Gil attempts to bring Inez.
She becomes impatient  and peevishly returns.
They wait.
The clock strikes midnight and the same car arrives  this time inside it.
After she leaves.
He takes Gil to meet Stein  and introduces him  to.
Who agrees to read his novel.
Whom Gil is instantly attracted.
Stein reads aloud the novel s first line   Adriana says.
She is hooked and has always had a longing for the past.
Gil spends each in the past.
His late-night wanderings annoy Inez  and arouse the suspicion.
Who hires a detective to follow Gil.
Meanwhile  Gil spends more and more time.
Who leaves Picasso.
Gil realizes.
He is falling with her  leaving him in conflict.
He confides his predicament.
Being surrealists they see nothing strange  finding it to be perfectly normal.
They discuss the impossibility with Adriana.
Each envisages a different masterpiece inspired by such an unusual romance.
Gil meets Gabrielle  an antiques dealer and fellow admirer.
Inez shops.
Gil later discovers Adriana s diary by the Seine and discovers.
She was.
Reading  Gil attempts to steal a pair from Inez to give to Adriana  but is thwarted by Inez s early return from a trip.
She dreamed.
Gil purchases earrings and  returning to the past  declares his love for her.
They are invited by a richly-dressed couple and are transported back to the 1890s Belle epoque  an era Adriana considers Paris s Golden Age.
They kiss.
They are taken.
Where they meet Henri de Toulouse-Lautrec  Paul Gauguin  and Edgar Degas.
The three determine.
When Gil asks what they thought the best era was.
The greatest era was the Renaissance.
The enthralled Adriana is offered a job designing ballet costumes  and proposes to Gil.
They stay.
Gil  however  realizes.
It is better to accept the present for what it is.
Adriana elects to stay.
They part.
Gil retrieves his novel.
Who praises his progress but questions why the main character has not realized that his fiancee is having an affair with a pedantic character.
Gil returns and confronts Inez.
She admits  but dismisses it as a meaningless fling.
Inez s parents agree.
When he tells her that they are not right  prompting Inez s father to confess that he had Gil followed  though the detective mysteriously disappeared.
Gil breaks up and decides to remain in Paris.
Taking a walk  he meets Gabrielle and.
It starts to rain  offers to walk her home and learns that she shares his love in the rain.
<EOS>
Long ago  a great drought befell a village.
A dancer came forth to dance in the Shiva temple for many days and nights.
Her dedication earn her the respect of Lord Shiva and Goddess Parvati.
They bless the village.
The dancer s dying wish was.
A girl must dance on pournami every 12 years in front of Lord Shiva temple.
This brings us - another 12th year.
When the dance will take place.
Pournami  the elder daughter goes missing.
Rumors are rampant among the villagers  much to her father s chagrin.
Pournami s younger sister refused to teach her.
Chandrakala never learnt the dance.
<EOS>
The story revolves.
Who always wants.
She comes.
Who strives to work hard to get his sisters married well.
A few encounters results.
She will make him fall with her.
Her further course leaves Cheenu frustrated.
He decides to take revenge by pretending to fall in love with her.
Maya comes to know and eventually develops an honest love towards him.
Who starts to spend more time.
She even helps him.
Slowly Cheenu too comes to know.
Generosity land falls with her.
Trouble comes.
Who threaten Cheenu.
Cheenu resolves to earn more and become rich and then hold the hands.
But Maya has plans otherwise.
Does the couple end up getting married forms the rest.
<EOS>
Chad has traveled overseas to the small island community.
Was his mother s hometown.
Chad finds himself the unwitting center of an ongoing conflict between his uncle Tony and local bar owner Joe Brady.
Who have been since Chad s mother left twenty years before.
Further complications ensue Peter OBoyce looks on.
When Chad develops a relationship  as her jealous friend.
Peter then attempts to stop the ensuing romance  and  lands himself in some `.
Romance  the young boy later describes.
A thick Rathnew accent  in echo itself  is an American ting.
<EOS>
The film begins.
We meet his family -- an institutionalized father  a racist  baseball bat-wielding mother  and a lobotomized aunt.
Eugene ONeill would never get  Reilly declares.
Reilly s father  a Paramount Pictures poster artist and illustrator  was offered the chance to go into business with another illustrator with the intention of making their first animated film in color together.
The catch was simply.
The senior Mr Reilly would have to move himself and his family.
Perhaps a defining moment  his father asked.
She unceremoniously rejected the possibility.
The other illustrator went west as a partner.
That other illustrator was named Walt Disney.
Reilly s father began drinking heavily and eventually had a nervous breakdown.
The family was forced to move out of the Bronx up to Connecticut to live with Mrs Reilly s family.
He moved.
When Reilly turned eighteen.
He explains  You did something  you studied.
You wanted to be an actor.
S really unheard.
Young and hungry  Reilly managed to find an acting class.
Its rather liberal open door policy allowed aspiring actors admission.
If they did nt have the money to pay.
Reilly s class was taught.
Were such future stars and notables as Steve McQueen  Jerry Stiller  Anne Meara  Hal Holbrook  Jason Robards  Geraldine Page and Gene Hackman.
It was a group  and   We wanted to go on the stage  none of us had any money  and this entire list  could nt act for shit.
Charles explains.
It was.
When a friend arranged a meeting with a powerful NBC executive.
Reilly went in and was told  They do nt let queers.
Reilly describes it as  A short meeting.
He also made hundreds on The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson  second in number of appearances only to Bob Hope  and had a more recent memorable guest spot on The.
He developed a habit of looking through the week s TV Guide to see.
How many times he would be that week.
His longtime friend Burt Reynolds gifted him a theater.
To teach the craft.
It has fulfilled Reilly ever since.
We see.
We leave him.
A portrait laid bare for all to see.
<EOS>
Tom watches clips  the first clip is Part Time Pal.
Where Tom chases Jerry until he is hit.
Jerry then proceeds to eat a corn.
Tom drags it and gives chase.
Jerry escapes.
Tom later pauses the clip.
The next clip is.
Jerry throws a bowling ball.
Tom is hit.
Tom pauses this.
The next clip is.
Where Tom slides to get Jerry.
He is hit and falls  Tom rewinds this and checks the heights and measurements of the disaster.
Jerry comes out and sees The Yankee Doodle Mouse clips  he smiles and drags out a tub of popcorn and brings out a telescope  the next clip is from Heavenly Puss  in the part.
When Tom tries to catch Jerry before Tom got hit.
Tom rewinds the clip.
Where he just begins pulling up the carpet.
The replays the scene a second time.
Tom turns and spots the laughing mouse.
When Jerry starts laughing.
He chases Jerry  but hits his head.
Tom nails Jerry s mouse hole shut  and decides to make a mouse trap to catch Jerry.
Jerry gets out and finds the trap.
He modifies a measurement.
Order to make the trap fail just as  the trap is set.
But the safe hits Tom instead.
Later  Jerry films Tom destroying his blueprints.
<EOS>
A man falls with the pretty manager of a store of music instruments.
Whose business work is badly.
He is going to re-float the store to conquer her heart.
<EOS>
Set  the Stooges are convicted criminals.
Who are banished to the American colonies.
They find.
When they arrive.
The colonists are starving because the local Indians will not let them use their hunting grounds.
A down payment has made.
It is not enough.
The Stooges decide to go hunting anyway to help out the colony.
They exchange their pilgrim hats with coonskin caps  except Curly.
Who wears a skunk hat.
An accidental discharge yields a turkey.
Gives them hope.
Then  they spot and fire their rather overcharged long blunderbusses.
What they think are a group.
The group turn out to be Indian headdresses.
The fired-upon Indians become agitated.
Attempts fail.
Their guns are destroyed.
They are chased.
A wild goose chase ensues.
The Stooges use.
A tree branch catapult to launch a rock  a mudpack  a fish  a hornet s nest  and then a log.
But  Larry is left behind  captured and tied to a tree  ready to be scalped.
A passing woodpecker adds.
Curly and Moe eventually rescue him  helped on the Indian s butts.
They escape  having accidentally revived the bopped Indians with water.
<EOS>
Ping wishes to become a musician.
He becomes a student.
Master Duang owned.
The mysterious drum called Peung Mang  which is said to have been made.
Ping falls with a beautiful girl.
Who teaches him how to master drum skills.
She is the ghost living inside the drum.
Meanwhile  an arrogant musician called.
Muan tried to convince all the students to leave Master Duang.
Some students died horribly.
Things get.
If Muan is defeated during a drum contest.
Worst and the drum becomes not only an instrument but also an instrument of death.
<EOS>
28-year-old slacker/cartoonist named.
Gordon Gord Brody is pursuing his ambition to obtain a contract.
He heads off  and subsequently gets a job in a cheese sandwich factory.
He also goes.
He is told.
He s out.
Gord lies.
He s a cop and that Mr Davidson s wife died.
He gets the name and quickly heads there to pitch his idea.
His ideas are stupid and make no sense.
He subsequently gets even.
When Gord s father  Jim  questions Gord s life goals  and then proceeds to destroy Gord s half-pipe  which Gord has spent a whole year building.
Gord s mother  Julie  ends up dating Shaq.
Gord and Jim end up sewing soccer balls  based upon his family.
Gord finally gets a TV contract.
The event is.
Convinces Mr Davidson to give Gord the contract.
When Gord s Dad comes.
Vignettes depict.
Gord s day-to-day activities   attempts to go straight by going to work at a bank.
However  he is later sent wearing a shirt.
Says No More Secrets.
<EOS>
The film tells the story.
Who attend school.
Elin is outgoing and popular  but finds her life unsatisfying and dull.
Agnes   has no real friends and is constantly depressed.
Agnes has a crush  but can not find any way to express it.
Agnes  parents worry  and try to be reassuring.
Her mother decides   to throw a 16th birthday party for her.
Agnes is afraid.
No one will come.
Viktoria  a girl  shows up.
Agnes shouts in front of her parents  telling her they are friends.
Because no one else will talk.
Agnes  overcome  goes to her room and cries into her pillow shouting.
She wishes she was dead  while her father tries to soothe her.
Viktoria leaves.
Agnes  family eats the food made.
Elin arrives.
As an excuse to avoid going.
Elin s older sister  Jessica   dares her.
Who comes.
Who is rumoured to be a lesbian.
Elin fulfills the dare.
Then runs out  only to soon feel guilty for having humiliated Agnes.
Elin gets sick and throws up.
Johan tries to help her and ends up professing his love.
Elin leaves Johan and the party  only to return.
She acted earlier.
And  Elin stops Agnes from attempting to commit suicide.
She even manages to persuade Agnes to return to the other party.
Elin shares her real feelings about being trapped in amal  and asks Agnes about being a lesbian  and believes.
Both could be solved by leaving amal and going to Stockholm.
Elin persuades Agnes to hitchhike to Stockholm  a five-hour car journey away.
They find a driver.
Who agrees to take them  believing them to be sisters who are visiting their grandmother.
It is.
Sitting together that they first kiss for real.
The driver sees them and  shocked  orders them to leave the car.
Elin discovers.
She is attracted  but is afraid to admit it.
She proceeds to ignore Agnes and refuses to talk.
Elin s sister Jessica sees and pushes her to figure out.
She is.
Who it is.
To cover the fact  Elin lies  pretending to be with Johan  and loses her virginity during a short-lived relationship with him.
She is.
Elin eventually admits her feelings.
Where   they are forced to ` out  their relationship to the entire school.
The film ends sitting in Elin s bedroom drinking chocolate milk and Elin explaining.
She often adds too much chocolate until her milk is nearly black so then she must fill another glass and mix it  and that her sister Jessica often gets mad that she finishes the chocolate.
The film ends.
It makes a lot.
But that does nt matter.
<EOS>
To avoid being caught  the Pink Panther seeks shelter in a house guarded by a vicious bulldog.
To avoid being captured  he disguises himself as a toy the father s young daughter.
<EOS>
Seventeen year old Casey Carlyle  a bookworm and physics geek  plans to use her academic skills to pursue a scholarship.
Casey must present a personal summer project about physics.
Casey realizes.
Watching a figure skating competition.
Her favorite childhood hobby  which is ice skating  would make a perfect project for getting her scholarship.
She watches other skaters at the local ice rink  but decides to try.
To improve her own skating and what she has discovered from watching other skaters.
She becomes a proficient skater  even skipping two levels to become a junior skater.
She also helps junior skaters.
Gennifer  Tiffany  and Nikki improve.
Unsure.
A job stand in the ice rink to pay for her skating lessons.
Her mother  Joan  realizes.
Casey s constant skating is affecting her schoolwork and tells her to stop.
Casey refuses.
Meanwhile  there is increasing tension  a disgraced former skater  and her daughter Gennifer.
Tina   is putting her daughter.
Who manages the ice skating rink where Casey is training.
Angered  Gen quits skating after her mother  in an attempt to sabotage Casey  buys Casey new skates  causing Casey to slip  fall  and injure her feet during a skating competition.
Tina becomes Casey s personal coach and helps her train for Sectionals.
Casey turns down the Harvard scholarship to keep skating  from Gen and Gen s brother Teddy.
Casey performs well.
She slips and falls  but then the sight of Joan in the spectator stands boosts her confidence.
She gives a highly-rated artistic performance.
Casey has come in second place behind Nikki  and is going to the nationals.
Casey and Joan reconcile.
She finally gains her mother s support.
Teddy gives Casey flowers to congratulate her  and two share a passionate kiss.
The film ends.
How many college courses Casey should take.
<EOS>
A sea captain and his explorer crew encounter Dr Frankenstein and his creature trying to kill each other.
The doctor is saved.
He tells.
He warns the captain.
He made his creature by way of chemical and biological construction.
<EOS>
Anwar Ibrahim was sacked as Deputy Prime Minister of Malaysia.
His expulsion and subsequent trial triggered a wave of street protests by his supporters and those.
Who were.
The label was ` reformasi.
Malaysian Gods takes a look.
Took place.
It eschews archive footage.
Who are living  working in or visiting the actual locations  about a decade later.
All the interviews are done.
What do people now have to say.
<EOS>
The film opens.
It is revealed.
A film crew is filming an ambush scene.
Unknown Indian actor Hrundi V.
Bakshi has a small role.
Which he sounds a bugle to start the attack.
Ignoring directions  he continues to play even.
He does not stop.
After the director yells cut.
Bakshi continues to hamper the filming   a fort rigged.
He accidentally blows up an enormous set.
The director fires Bakshi immediately and calls the studio head  General Fred Clutterbuck.
Clutterbuck writes.
Order to blacklist him.
He inadvertently writes Bakshi s name.
Bakshi receives his invitation in the mail and drives to the party at Clutterbuck s home.
Bakshi tries to rinse dirt off his shoe in a large fountain.
Flows. 
He loses his shoe.
He spends about five minutes trying to retrieve it.
It floats and gets launched onto a serving platter.
Bakshi has awkward interactions at the party  including Clutterbuck s dog Cookie.
He meets famous Western movie actor Wyoming Bill Kelso.
Who gives Bakshi an autograph.
Bakshi later accidentally shoots Kelso.
Kelso does not see.
Who did it.
Bakshi tries to feed a caged macaw.
Some bird food marked Birdie Num Num.
He ends up dumping the food everywhere as two guests stare.
Bakshi then accidentally activates a panel.
Control the intercom  a fountain  and a retractable bar.
Bakshi sticks his hand.
Kelso hurts Bakshi s hand.
He meets aspiring actress Michele Monet.
Waiting to wash his hand.
Who came.
S.
Divot.
Bakshi shakes Divot s hand.
Divot then shakes hands  passing around the fishy odor  even back to Bakshi.
He has washed his hand.
Dinner is served.
His chair is missing.
He gets a very low chair.
Puts his chin.
Several mishaps occur.
An increasingly drunk alcoholic waiter named Levinson tries to serve dinner and fights.
Bakshi s roast Cornish game hen accidentally catapults off his fork and becomes impaled on a guest s tiara.
Bakshi asks Levinson to retrieve his meal.
The woman s wig comes off along.
She obliviously engages.
Levinson ends up brawling.
Dinner is disrupted.
Bakshi apologizes  then needs to go to the bathroom.
He wanders  opening doors and barging in on various servants and guests in embarrassing situations.
He ends up.
Where he accidentally sets off the sprinklers.
Monet gives an impromptu guitar performance of Nothing to Lose  to impress the guests.
Bakshi ends up upstairs.
Where he takes a toy gun.
He then uses it to save Monet by dislodging Divot s toupee with the gun.
Bakshi finally finds a bathroom.
He breaks the toilet  drops a painting  gets toilet paper everywhere  and floods the bathroom.
To avoid getting caught  Bakshi sneaks out and falls into the pool.
Monet leaps in to save him.
They force him to drink alcohol to warm up.
Bakshi has never had alcohol before.
He struggles to put.
He finds Monet crying and consoles her.
Divot bursts in and demands Monet leave.
Monet says no.
Divot cancels her screen test.
Bakshi convinces her to stay and have a good time.
They return.
A Russian dance troupe arrives.
The party gets wilder.
Bakshi offers to retract the bar to make room.
He accidentally opens a retractable floor  causing guests to fall in the pool.
Levinson makes more floors retract.
More guests fall in.
Clutterbuck s daughter arrives.
Bakshi takes offense and asks them to wash the elephant.
The entire house is soon filled from the cleaning.
Back  Divot suddenly realizes.
Bakshi is the fired actor who blew up the set.
He races back.
Clutterbuck tries to save his suds-covered fine art paintings.
The band plays on.
The air conditioning blows suds everywhere.
Clutterbuck s distraught wife falls twice.
Divot pulls up.
Police and fire department personnel work to resolve everything.
Bakshi apologizes one last time.
Divot reveals who Bakshi is.
Clutterbuck accidentally chokes a waiter.
Kelso gives Bakshi an autographed photo and Stetson hat.
Bakshi and Monet leave.
Bakshi and Monet appear on the verge of admitting.
They love each other  but agree to meet the next week.
Bakshi gives Monet the hat.
She says.
He can come get it any time.
Bakshi then drives off.
His car backfires.
<EOS>
Joshua Shapiro  successful writer and pundit   seems to have lost his wife and is in the middle of a sex scandal.
Compelled to find meaning  he reviews it from his youth to the present day.
Joshua grew up St.
Urbain Street area.
His upbringing was unusual.
His father was a boxer who had become a gentle crook.
His mother was a strip-tease dancer.
Embarrassingly  she strips as part of a Bar Mitzvah party for him.
Joshua s father is revealed to have a unique perspective.
A trip is the impetus.
Sparks a career.
Joshua forges letters about a homosexual affair with a British writer to sell to an American university archive.
He meets an upper-class Canadian married and steals her away to become his own wife.
She is the daughter and Joshua s key into a level of society.
Which he is contemptuous.
Joshua s childhood friends have become successful in their own right.
Some become targets.
He settles various scores.
Joshua s conceited brother-in-law assumes a pivotal role.
It is revealed that he is insecure and vulnerable.
Neighbors lead him astray with dreadful consequences.
Past indiscretions rear their ugly heads.
Joshua must put together the shambles.
<EOS>
Qatal-E-Aam is a revenge movie starring Mithun Chakraborty  along.
Mithun Chakraborty plays Ranvir Singh Rana  a former Jailor.
Who is.
<EOS>
The film is a Pythonesque dramatization on the talk show Friday Night  Saturday Morning between John Cleese and Michael Palin  members of British comedy troupe Monty Python  and Malcolm Muggeridge and Mervyn Stockwood  the then Bishop of Southwark.
The film looks.
The film begins.
They discuss allowing the film to be released in America first.
Cleese voices his support  and says.
He loves Americans.
We then see American reporters.
Where a near riot is taking place.
The Pythons review.
A disheartening statement made  implying that the film causes violence.
Cleese misinterprets this and goes off carrying out copycat crucifixions on their friends.
Terry Gilliam quickly rips up some magazines and creates an animation.
Their distributor  Barry  suggests a low profile approach.
As not to cause too much upset.
Let s not project an advert or make Life of Brian Christmas crackers.
<EOS>
Frank Horrigan and Al DAndrea meet.
The group s leader  Mendoza  tells Horrigan.
He has identified DAndrea  and forces him to prove his loyalty by putting a gun to DAndrea s head and pulling the trigger.
Horrigan shoots Mendoza s men  identifies himself the counterfeiter.
Horrigan investigates a complaint.
He finds a collage on famous assassinations  a model building magazine.
A Time cover circled.
When Horrigan and his partner return warrant only one photograph remains  which shows a much younger Horrigan standing behind John F.
Kennedy in.
He is the only remaining active agent.
Who was guarding the President that day.
Guilt caused Horrigan to drink excessively and his family to leave.
Horrigan receives a phone call.
Who calls himself Booth.
He tells Horrigan.
He plans to kill the President  who is running for reelection and is making many public appearances around the country.
Horrigan asks to return despite his age.
Where he begins a relationship.
Booth continues to call Horrigan.
Though he is well-aware that his calls are tapped and traced.
He mocks the agent s failure to protect Kennedy  but calls him a friend.
Booth escapes Horrigan and DAndrea  but leaves fingerprints.
The FBI matches the print.
The identity is classified  it does  however  notify the CIA.
The bureau can not disclose it.
Pops a decorative balloon Horrigan.
Who has the flu  mistakes.
He leaves the protective detail but remains in charge of the Booth case.
Horrigan and DAndrea learn.
Booth is Mitch Leary  a former operative who has suffered a mental breakdown and is now a predator.
Leary   uses his modelmaking skills to build a composite zip gun to evade metal detectors and hides the bullets and springs.
Who has already killed several people as he prepares.
DAndrea confides to Horrigan.
He is going to retire immediately.
Horrigan is able to dissuade him.
The assassin kills DAndrea after the two agents chase him across Washington rooftops.
Horrigan asks Raines to reassign him  but a television crew films him mistaking a bellboy at the Westin Bonaventure Hotel for a security threat.
He must again leave the detail.
Horrigan connects Leary and learns.
Leary  who has made a large campaign contribution  is.
He sees the President approach the assassin and jumps.
Leary uses Horrigan --.
The Secret Service quickly removes the President.
Who is wearing a bulletproof vest.
The agent uses his earpiece to tell Raines and sharpshooters   Horrigan defeats him.
Where to aim.
They miss Leary.
The assassin chooses to fall from the elevator.
Horrigan  now a hero  retires.
His fame no longer lets him do his job.
He and Raines find a farewell message.
Horrigan and Raines leave the house and visit the Lincoln Memorial.
<EOS>
Poland.
Former agents are undergoing.
Which new democratic Police directorship is trying to decide whether or not they are able to be incorporated.
Franz Mauer is one.
He has a notorious service record  is ruthless  but devoted to service - the only thing.
He cares about  since he became estranged.
Eventually he is recruited.
But one  Olgierd  is nt.
Facing unemployment  Olgierd joins a newly created crime group.
Operates. 
Soon  Franz and Olgierd - - find each other enemies.
Who try to cooperate.
Besides  Franz s relationship - a young girl  becomes more and more complicated.
Whom Franz befriended.
The story continues  especially after Angela meets Olgierd.
<EOS>
Second Lieutenant Peter Stirling is caught during World War II.
Francis  a talking army mule  carries him.
He is placed.
When Stirling insists that the animal rescued him.
Each time Stirling is released  he accomplishes something noteworthy.
Each time  he is sent back.
When he insists.
Finally  Stirling gets General Stevens to order Francis to speak.
He obeys.
He is befriended by Maureen Gelder  a beautiful French refugee.
He grows to trust her and tells her.
Later  a propaganda radio broadcast mocks the Allies for being advised by a mule.
This leads.
The press is told.
The absurd story was concocted to flush her out.
Francis is shipped back for further study.
His plane crashes.
Peter searches for and finally finds him alive and well.
<EOS>
Ambassador-designate sails back to America after touring the world.
He meets Natasha  a Russian countess.
She sneaks aboard to escape being forced.
She has no passport and is forced to stay during the voyage.
Ogden dislikes the situation  being a married man   and worries.
Partially separated.
It might affect his career if she is found.
But he reluctantly agrees to let her stay.
They then have to figure out a way to get her.
It is arranged.
She marry his aged valet  Hudson.
Hudson wishes to consummate the relationship.
It is only a formality.
A wish she does not share.
Natasha avoids him and  at port  jumps off the ship and swims ashore.
Ogden s wife then joins the cruise  having just missed her.
Ogden s lawyer friend Harvey   meets Natasha and tells her.
Who helped arrange the marriage.
The immigration officers have accepted her.
Ogden s wife then confronts him  speaking rather roughly about her and the life.
She led.
He then asks.
His wife would have done as well.
The film ends meeting in a hotel s cabaret.
Where they begin dancing.
He has left the cruise and his wife behind.
Charlie Chaplin makes two brief appearances.
<EOS>
Narain  an acclaimed writer  becomes a winner for one of his works.
A flashback reveals some secrets.
He dedicates the honour.
Narain and Kavya   fall and get married.
Who is a renowned violinist.
It s only post  he is now a celebrated writer.
Wedding Kavya comes to know Narain is a psychotic and that the world outside is not aware.
Coming  the husband and wife are now in the United States.
Where they meet Bujji  a childhood friend.
Is the remaining part.
Kavya comes out.
<EOS>
A small Rhode Island community comes together to create special Halloween and Christmas moments.
The father gives his ill daughter a snow globe of a little girl holding a snow globe.
Inside that globe is another little girl holding a snow globe.
The mother tells her daughter.
She has to shake the globe to make it snow.
The girl is fascinated  having never seen it before  and wishes.
She could see it.
The father  hearing this  becomes concerned.
His daughter may not live to see December.
- the farmer figures out.
The father quietly asks a neighboring farmer - and later Christmas trees.
The father is trying to speed up the holidays so that his daughter will have a Christmas before she dies.
The farmer  searching to surprise the family  heals an old friendship.
He d lost when his own son had died  and is rewarded to be his old friend s best man at the friend s upcoming wedding.
Together  the two men sneak a truckload onto the family s front porch  much to the surprise of the daughter.
Who decides she wants to have a Halloween party.
The mother tries to explain  but the father agrees.
It s too early.
The daughter begin to plan their Halloween costumes.
The father goes to the farmer s home and invites him and his wife to the party.
The farmer goes and mentions it to a young waitress at the local restaurant.
Whom the daughter had befriended.
Later  the farmer gives the father a box to help decorate the family s house.
The waitress arrives with the town s children to help celebrate.
The daughter - - is overjoyed.
Who was prohibited.
The farmer  his wife  and his friend and his new wife follow carrying trays.
The waitress tries her skills and tells a ghost story.
Makes the children scream and laugh.
Together  the farmer  his old friend  and the waitress help the family celebrate Halloween - and each holiday thereafter - a month early.
What really.
They find.
The neighbors have decorated their homes and streets a full month early.
The farmer  his friend  and the neighboring community line the family s driveway to greet the girl.
She arrives home  her own house covered.
Everyone is invited to celebrate with food given by the town s local restaurant.
Later  the little girl runs outside.
As an early snow begins to fall  duplicating the little girl.
Tammy  the waitress and college student  writes a children s book  with pictures.
Who befriends the young daughter.
The daughter had made herself.
The daughter explains.
She survived her illness.
Afterwards  she goes.
Where she reunites  to select the town s annual tree.
<EOS>
Manual Jordan  a man  is granted parole.
Who served nearly 23 years.
He killed.
He used to live in to find redemption.
He ends up living.
Is run.
He offers.
Manual work so he can pay.
Manual places Abner s photo.
He befriends Sofia Mellinger  a wild young woman.
Staying. 
Manual also encounters Adele Easley  the elder sister.
She does not recognize Manual.
He forms a friendship with her.
Their relationship begins to develop.
Manual gets his chance.
When Adele s rebellious teenage son becomes involved.
Manual tries to befriend him and steer him.
<EOS>
A herd of wild horses roam free.
Their leader is a handsome white-haired stallion named White Mane.
A group capture the wild stallion and place him in a corral.
Yet White Mane escapes.
A boy named.
Folco  who lives  watches intently as White Mane escapes.
He dreams.
The ranchers once again try to capture White Mane and fail.
Folco asks the men.
He can have the white horse.
Yes  says one.
First you have to catch him.
Your fish will grow wings.
You can manage that.
Later Folco comes.
He tries to rope him.
However  White Mane gallops and drags Folco.
Folco refuses to let go and almost passes out.
White Mane relents.
The two become friends.
White Mane returns.
Another horse challenges him.
White Mane loses the fight and returns to join the boy.
The ranchers return and try by setting fire to the area he.
His herd live in.
Folco jumps him bareback across the marshes of Camargue  over the sparse dunes to the sea.
The ranchers give chase and surround them.
They refuse to be caught.
White Mane rides into the sea.
The film ends.
The narrator states that White Mane took Folco where horses and children can be friends forever.
<EOS>
The film tell the story of a strip-teaser  and her daughter.
Who wishes to join her mother s profession.
<EOS>
An express messenger rides and reports at a ball given by Count Lichnowsky.
Napoleon Bonaparte is approaching Vienna.
The news spreads and also reaches Beethoven.
Who  together  is sitting in the tavern.
Beethoven is very enthusiastic.
He hurries home to write a powerful and glorious symphony -.
Later becomes famous.
Two messengers come to see Beethoven.
The symphony is successful.
They request Beethoven to participate given by the French emperor.
Favouring the glamour  Napoleon has elaborated detailed clothing instructions.
Beethoven is disappointed and deletes the dedication to Napoleon from the title page of the symphony.
Beethoven travels to Hungary and finds quarters at the aristocratic home of his pupil Therese van Brunswik and her cousin Giulietta Guicciardi.
Beethoven falls with Giulietta.
Who is even willing to leave her fiance.
This interpretation is distorted  however.
It was  four years earlier  that Beethoven actually met Giulietta.
Therese thinks.
It is not Beethoven s destiny to lead a fulfilling relationship with a woman.
Beethoven not only worries Karl but also becomes aware of a worsening of his hearing abilities.
Whom he thinks is leading a dissolute life and is.
God would want to deprive him.
Beethoven s destiny is to compose a type.
It is saddening to learn during rehearsals for his opera Fidelio.
The musicians can not follow his conducting  and in fact are actually following their music director instead.
Beethoven goes home and once more speaks with God  as Amenda s words come to his mind.
He comes and begins to compose again.
When Therese comes to look.
<EOS>
Chris Cody is a top-ranked mercenary.
Who took part to stop a major terrorist strike on U.
S.
Soil -- a strike was about to happen.
The UN refused to believe.
However  Cody had to break a number.
Order to do the job.
He s.
S.
Embassy  Uruguay  Secret Service agents are briefing the ambassador on a terrorist base.
When they suddenly go haywire and kill her  and then themselves.
Later   intelligence analyst Dr Chappell concludes.
Some sort must have been used.
A Delta Force commando team is sent to investigate.
They are quickly ambushed and captured.
Taken  they are brainwashed by Dr Adrian Lehder  a scientist.
Who heads a secret CIA experiment.
The Navy recruits Cody and his talented crew to take Chappell and special agent Fletcher in an effort to destroy the facility and take down Lehder.
Cody is promised.
He and his crew will be freed and cleared of the alleged misconduct that they were accused of and receive 100000 dollars each.
Suspicious  Cody quickly jettisons Fletcher.
Who turns out to be with Lehder.
Fletcher tips.
They quickly abandon Lehder s facility  leaving as Trojan horses.
One team commandeers a submarine.
The others secure the base and rescue the prisoners.
The team fights its way  destroys the base  and escapes on the sub.
But they end up stuck.
Cody and his crew realize.
They must race to bring down Lehder before the rest claim them all.
<EOS>
Dave Miller  along  are arrested for participating in the fight at the end of the first film  and end up being sent to a tough prison.
The GSE quickly discover the brutality of life on the inside.
They are constant targets.
The GSE get blamed for the assault and are transported to another prison.
Where a huge number are waiting for them.
The crew meet up with Marc and his crew.
Who declare their intentions to make the GSE s time tough.
They fight  are restrained and are.
Dave meets up with some Spurs supporters.
Who offer him advice.
They soon find out  and also provides them.
This is not easy  because the Bushwackers are aided.
She also gives them a key to go.
Where they want.
They use to attack a GSE member.
They also use this key to gain access and punish inmates.
Who either cross them or do not follow on.
The GSE realize.
In order to survive  they need to stand their ground and.
Threatens Dave.
Dave uses Marc s tactic.
Angered  Marc gains access.
Where Dave is sleeping.
However   Dave gains the upper hand and is seen to be winning the brawl until Veronica.
Several police officers breaks it up.
The prison Governor asks Veronica and Officer Mason to select 63 people to set free  under the circumstances.
They will not damage society if let go.
Veronica intentionally chooses most.
Though they are mostly troublesome.
The Governor spots this.
Officer Mason provides a more suitable list.
He agrees to.
Veronica then asks to be set free instead.
The Governor has an idea to let them compete by arranging a football match.
Marc notices Dave s girlfriend on the outside to keep her hostage.
Marc threatens Dave.
He will kill his girlfriend unless he throws the match.
Dave informs his friend  Ivan.
The match begins.
What is going to happen.
A gruesome fight breaks out.
The match begins.
Dave deliberately plays badly.
Millwall can win.
However  the GSE arrive.
Ivan then gives Dave the signal.
She is okay.
Dave stops throwing the game.
Millwall stand no chance.
Marc  now distressed  goes up to him and threatens him.
The game ends.
Dave laughs.
He.
Then orders his men to kill Dave s girlfriend  only to discover that the GSE are.
He and his two friends are detained for kidnapping Dave s girlfriend.
Veronica is also arrested.
Officer Mason is promoted.
Dave and his friends are set free.
The film ends and   the GSE have organized a party for them to celebrate.
Dave wants to spend time.
They accept.
<EOS>
A young man appears in County Mayo announcing to all and sundry.
He has murdered his father to the head.
The young man becomes a local hero.
His angry father comes to fetch him home.
<EOS>
Miranda Hollander is a beautiful and smart woman.
She is a college professor and lives.
Who works.
Miranda believes.
She has lived ever since her parents were killed in an accident while she was a baby.
Miranda becomes unconscious and is sent to a local hospital.
Tom is notified.
She silently transforms and kills a few people.
When Miranda arrives.
He finds bodies everywhere.
When Tom finally arrives.
Tom locates Miranda  injects her and begins to drive her to Mexico.
Miranda wakes up  asking for the cause of her ` illness.
Tom tells Miranda that combined human and alien DNA  an experiment conducted Forbes McGuire.
She is the result.
They were both.
Miranda can read books just  without even needing to open them.
Tom has been injecting her.
Her parents never existed  they were just a fiction created to help build up Miranda s normal life.
Tom explains he.
Forbes parted ways over the vision of their creation.
Miranda rests.
When they arrive.
Tom spends the day searching.
Tom and Miranda locate Forbes  current home.
Forbes now lives.
Who also serves.
Forbes supports his experiment.
Forbes checks Miranda s condition and finds.
Miranda has reached the end and will die in days.
The only way to deny death is injecting fresh human DNA.
Miranda wo nt allow.
To happen when she realizes it will result.
Then Miranda goes unconscious again.
Tom goes searching and is mugged by a woman in the process.
Azura then incapacitates the mugger and the two bring her back.
Where they succeed.
Unfortunately  Miranda goes unstable.
The alien side dominates  now she seduces men  killing them swiftly.
Tom chases and beats Azura.
When Azura transforms.
Forbes chases Miranda  but she seduces him.
Eventually they have sex.
He is then killed.
He can give her another injection.
The climax is.
When Miranda is tired and beaten  afraid she s pregnant.
Tom is attacked again.
Miranda   redeems herself for Tom s good work  and helps attack Azura  they succeed in killing her.
However  Miranda is wounded.
She dies.
She goes back.
Tom turns on all the gas burners and tanks in the house and leaves.
The house explodes.
<EOS>
Elmer Fudd is duck hunting.
When he shoots a young duckling which falls.
Daffy Duck pops out and grabs the duckling from Elmer.
Elmer examines it.
Daffy then bandages the duckling and places it.
Daffy then warns Elmer.
If he shoots one more duck  just one more duck that Elmer will be.
Elmer then proceeds to shoot Daffy.
Removes Daffy s scalp.
Daffy then uses various tricks to prevent Elmer s repeated attempts.
Usually  these tricks end up backfiring  with one exception.
When Daffy launches a miniature toy battleship its guns shoot Elmer in the face after he retrieves the boat from the water.
Elmer ties him up and sends him out into the lack on a boat filled with explosives.
Daffy tries to pull a few more pranks.
The boat heads out but then circles back toward the pier.
Where Elmer is standing.
Daffy manages to jump into the lake.
The boat then explodes.
It returns where Elmer is standing.
Elmer  wrapped  decides.
He is going to try fishing instead.
A larger barracuda emerges  releases the smaller fish  and threatens Elmer against catching any more fish.
He catches a miniature red-striped barracuda.
Daffy then emerges and utters the words strong union before hopping away on the water.
<EOS>
A newly married couple decides to improve their social life.
The film follows this pursuit.
<EOS>
This Nepali Cinema is.
Who live.
Who forced to leave country to work  like Deepak in this movie who have to leave his country for job and make money to live.
<EOS>
The story is.
Who drives a bullock cart to earn his livelihood.
The story begins taking two consecutive vows based on the difficult situations.
He had to undergo.
He meets a nautanki dancer  Hirabai.
The story soon transforms.
The movie  finally  ends.
Hiraman is a bullock cart driver.
Hiraman takes vow to never carry illegal goods again.
Smuggling illegal goods from police.
He is beaten.
Transporting bamboo.
When their horses are upset.
Hiraman takes another vow to never carry bamboo again in his cart.
One night  Hiraman is asked to carry Hirabai  a nautanki dancer to the 40 miles distance to the village fair.
Hiraman sings to pass time and tells her story.
They travel together.
Hirabai is mesmerized.
The journey progresses.
Hiraman sees her as an angel of purity.
Hiraman joins.
They reach the village fair.
Hirabai joins the nautanki company.
Hirabai asks Hiraman to stay to see her dance.
Hirabai arranges free passes to see nautanki on every night as long.
Village fair runs.
He becomes aware.
Hiraman attends nautanki.
It disturbs him.
He tries to shield and protect her.
The bond grows stronger.
The days pass.
He gets involved.
Who speak badly.
Hirabai tries to make him understand the harsh reality.
Hiraman asks her to leave her profession and start living a respectable life.
Hirabai refuses to leave her acting career.
Depressed  Hiraman leaves village fair and returns.
Hirabai understands Hiraman s unselfish love.
Hirabai meets Hiraman and reveals her past secret.
She had been already sold.
She was no longer a virgin beauty.
Hirabai returns.
Hiraman takes third vow to never carry a nautanki company dancer again in his cart.
<EOS>
Financier Lewis Alden has a nervous breakdown and loses his memory.
He joins the crew and is marooned after a storm at sea  along with Joyce.
The shock causes him to regain his memory.
One day he discovers a drifting lifeboat containing several newspapers.
He discovers.
He is not as important.
He once thought.
He finds comfort and after the two of them are rescued  decides to live on her family s plantation in New Guinea.
<EOS>
Shikari  The Hunter is an action film starring Mithun Chakraborty and Naseeruddin Shah.
The film was shot.
It was jointly directed.
<EOS>
Units of the US Army are in the foothills of the Alps between France and Italy  trying to dislodge a unit of German soldiers from a supply post in the middle of a small village.
1st Lt.
Sam Loggins is.
Has just lost its radioman.
A truckload arrive  -- Harris is immediately appointed the unit s radioman by Loggins.
Of whom  Corporal Britt Harris admits.
Harris reveals himself.
Corporal Lindsay   reveals Harris  story to Loggins  Harris is the son of a wealthy textile mill owner in New Jersey --  Harris has volunteered for combat duty in Europe.
Order to avoid criminal charges.
Harris does show bravery.
While attacking a German bunker single-handed  but Loggins still has his reservations.
The Colonel grants Loggins and his unit leave.
Loggins is attracted -- they go to dinner.
Walking on a quay.
She explains  but has lived.
She was born.
She was a small child.
She s unwilling to go out again.
Loggins ask her to meet him.
The next week  Loggins waits  Monique does nt show.
He walks out despondent  only to be asked to have a drink.
Who has apparently been waiting.
He finds out  he passed.
It is Monique s mother  who was checking him out.
She takes him.
The two spend a great deal together.
One night he tells her.
He loves her.
Monique finally reveals.
She is afraid to get involved because her now-dead father was a Negro.
She has seen the general bigotry.
All American soldiers seem to have.
Loggins is confused and leaves  not sure.
Back  the Colonel and Loggins agree -- the US needs better idea of.
The battle is.
What the Germans have set up.
Loggins suggest a covert mission to put an observer in the middle of town  the Colonel says.
He ll pass the idea.
Loggins decides to put aside the former prejudices  and goes to see her.
He would have had.
She and her mother are delighted to see Loggins.
Loggins invites Monique to go out.
They end up going.
Where they are surprised to see Harris play a fantastic jazz solo  to the acclaim of the entire French crowd.
Harris joins Loggins and Monique.
Loggins is left.
Harris and Monique are immediately drawn.
Outside  Harris and Monique kiss.
She asks Loggins to tell Harris.
Loggins takes Monique home.
Loggins does so.
It does nt seem to bother Harris.
The next weekend  Loggins and Harris return to Nice to visit Monique.
Once again  Loggins is forced.
The handsome and smooth-talking Harris takes over.
Loggins returns alone.
Harris and Monique stay out most.
He tells Loggins.
When Harris returns.
He s asked Monique to marry him.
She has said yes.
Loggins is shattered.
He puts.
He tells Harris.
He will need to fill out to get the army s permission to marry.
Harris immediately asks.
When they return.
Two months pass.
Harris still has nt received an answer.
One day   Loggins finds out.
Talking. 
Harris had indeed picked up the completed paperwork 3 weeks earlier.
Harris had told the corporal.
The whole thing was a gag.
Loggins is furious.
When he hears this.
Meanwhile  the Colonel tells Loggins.
Headquarters has approved Loggins  covert operation.
Loggins says.
It s a two-man operation.
He want to bring Harris -- Loggins also asks.
A few hours leave to take care.
The colonel agrees.
Loggins and Harris go.
Loggins forces Harris to admit to Monique.
Harris is not going to marry her.
Monique runs away.
Harris tries to explain himself.
Loggins punches him out.
Loggins then goes out to find Monique.
It turns out.
She had tried to drown herself.
A fisherman fished her out.
She was still alive.
Loggins tries to talk.
She does nt want to talk.
Back  Loggins and Harris prepare for their mission.
Loggins says.
He is going to kill Harris.
Harris responds that essentially.
If I do nt kill you first.
They eye each other suspiciously and cautiously.
However  Loggins clarifies.
He plans to kill Loggins -- after the mission is over or perhaps after the war is over.
They encounter and kill a German soldier together.
The duo establishes themselves  calls in  and reports their observations.
That a hidden section contains an enormous German ammo dump.
Loggins sends.
Will certainly destroy most.
They leave the tower  and are soon discovered.
Harris is shot dead.
Loggins is pinned down.
The German officers  panicking  order an immediate evacuation.
Hearing this  Loggins grabs the radio and orders the US artillery to begin firing right now.
Shells fall up.
The movie ends.
He was found by US troops  and brought to a hospital  where his right arm was amputated.
He had gotten two letters.
She says.
She has learned that Harris was killed.
She also tells Loggins.
Her mother has died.
He decides to go to Nice to visit Monique one last time.
When Loggins is finally released after many months.
He finds.
She is now heading up a school.
She invites Loggins to come.
Who fought to free France.
Monique and Loggis look earnestly at each other.
Will their romance bloom once again.
<EOS>
Cheran and Pandiyan are stepbrothers Manjuand Anju continue their enmity.
Who are constantly.
They re always trying to prove.
One is better and are always bickering.
When Pandiyan insults his daughter s suitor who comes to see her.
Pandiyan insults him.
He did and questioned his mother if she had other husbands.
Hearing this Livingston s father gets a heart attack.
Wanting to make Pandiyan lose his properties and come to the streets  arranges to have a petty thief and wriggle his way in as Pandiyan s.
Paramu pose.
Paramu and another thief Sivam are always competing to be better than the other and to become a millionaire before the other.
This leads.
But Paramu mistakenly enters Cheran s house.
Manju falls.
Meanwhile  Sivam  Paramu s friend  enters Pandiyan s house posing.
Madhavan helps them both.
He is and is pretty sure that his father will oppose his wedding.
Paramu and Sivam make a deal.
If he helps them become rich then Paramu would adopt the poor girl that Abbas loves so they would be equal.
This way Abbas s rich father would agree.
Paramu and Sivam pose.
Forms the crux.
Everything comes to be known.
<EOS>
Schoolteacher and family man Ed Avery   is hospitalized.
Who has been suffering bouts.
What s diagnosed.
Told  Ed agrees to an experimental treatment  doses of the hormone cortisone.
He probably has only months to live.
Ed makes a remarkable recovery.
He returns home.
He must keep taking cortisone tablets regularly to prevent a recurrence.
But the ` miracle  cure turns.
When Ed begins to misuse the tablets  causing him to experience wild mood swings and  ultimately  a psychotic episode which threatens the safety.
<EOS>
Sam is a writer  working.
His girlfriend has been promised the lead role.
When a well-known starlet  Kim Powers suddenly becomes interested.
<EOS>
A man begins attending funerals  threatening to publish incriminating stories.
Order to help a youth club which is.
Where he blackmails the relatives.
However  his plans encounter problems.
When he tries to blackmail the family.
<EOS>
A secret agent named.
Agent 999 is.
Agent 999 s hunt leads him.
Where residents routinely capture visitors and eat them.
The villagers feel close.
The cannibalistic ritual has been initiated.
More has been given to his soldiers than the townspeople.
Agent 999 is rescued.
Who has been posing.
He rescues Agent.
Rolex is caught by the village chief and eaten.
This leads escaping from several different villagers along with a new found love in his life named Eileen.
<EOS>
Directed follows the use of Gene Sharp s work across revolutionary groups throughout the world.
There is particular focus.
Has been translated into more than 30 languages and used in revolutions from Serbia and Ukraine to Egypt and Syria.
The film describes.
Sharp s 198 techniques have inspired and informed uprisings across the globe.
<EOS>
Involves an adult man s recollection.
He visits his mother  the favorite woman of an important politician  in a bordello owned by her  right before key political changes in Brazil.
He discovers his own sexuality.
<EOS>
John  the heir  and his wife Alice set sail and are quickly marooned in Africa.
Alice gives birth.
John builds a home.
Alice grows delirious and dies.
The tree house is visited.
When John finds her recently dead.
John is killed.
The female carries her dead infant.
She adopts the boy and raises him.
Hearing the cries.
The little human child thus grows up naked  wild  and free.
The boy is still trying to fit in with his ape family.
He learns.
When a black panther attacks.
To swim in order to evade it while another chimp is killed.
The boy discovers the.
Which he lived with his mother and father and finds a wooden block  with pictures of both a boy and a chimpanzee painted on it.
It is there.
The physical difference and the rest of his ape family is made more apparent.
He later discovers.
His father s hunting knife and how it works.
The objects fascinate the naked ape boy.
Who carries them.
Years pass.
The young man becomes the dominant male.
He protects and shows love.
He loses his mother and kills one of them.
He is intensely aggrieved and can not reconcile this event  wailing and howling forlornly at the sky.
Years later  Philippe DArnot leads a band.
He is disgusted.
A band attack the party  killing everyone except Philippe.
Who is injured and conceals himself.
The now half-naked man finds Philippe and nurses him back.
DArnot discovers and teaches him to speak rudimentary English.
The man is a natural mimic.
DArnot deduces.
This man is the son and calls the man Jean.
Jean agrees to return with his benefactor and reunite with his family.
John is welcomed by his grandfather  the Earl of Greystoke  and his ward  a young American woman called Jane.
The Earl is now elderly and has obviously suffered earlier  displaying eccentric behavior and sometimes forgetting.
John is his grandson  not his son returned.
John is seen by the local social set.
Some is seen as threatening and savage.
He befriends a young mentally disabled worker into his natural behavior.
Jane teaches John more English  French and social skills and the two become very close  making love one evening.
Lord Greystoke seems to enjoy renewed vigor and  reminiscing about his childhood game of using a silver tray as a toboggan on a large flight of stairs in the grand house  decides to relive the old pastime.
He crashes and slowly dies  apparently from a head injury  in the arms of his grandson.
John displays similar emotion and lack of understanding about death.
He did.
Jane helps John.
The two become engaged.
John visits the Natural History Museum in London with Jane.
John is disturbed by the crude displays of stuffed animals.
He discovers many caged apes  including his adoptive ape father.
The two recognize one another.
John breaks open.
The cage and escapes  releasing other caged animals  pursued by police and museum officials.
They make it  but  he is fatally shot.
When Kerchak climbs a tree to avoid capture.
John is devastated to lose yet another loved one  yelling  He was my father.
Feeling  John decides to return and reunite with his chimp family.
He can not assimilate.
Philippe and Jane escort him back.
Where Philippe and John first met.
There  John strips back to the world and life.
He understands.
<EOS>
Roop Rathore is a singer just like his father.
Who is now sick and needs immediate medical care.
One day   Ajay s sister Reshma falls with Roop.
He is singing.
Reshma is a spoiled girl.
Ajay looks.
Unfortunately  Roop is with a doctor named Pooja.
Meanwhile  Reshma is obsessed  and asks her brother to call him again to sing in their hotel.
But  she gets very angry  and asks him to sing.
When she sees that all the girls are flattered.
For her now onwards.
But Roop would rather work than take this offer.
Ajay s obsession comes into play.
Patel is brutally beaten.
He agrees to throw Roop out.
Roop has no option.
To agree.
Roop breaks up.
The operation is successful.
His father is saddened and decides to leave Bombay.
Roop later tries to leave Bombay himself  along.
His plans are interrupted.
When Reshma tries to commit suicide.
Nevertheless  Pooja and Roop get married.
Frustrated  Reshma and her brother Ajay devise many plans to make their life miserable.
Roop s father is killed by Ajay.
He and Ajay get involved.
When Roop tries to save Pooja.
Reshma threatens to kill Pooja.
Roop wo nt stop fighting.
Ajay tries to shoot Roop and Pooja  but misses and hits Reshma instead.
When he stops.
Roop and Pooja are together and live happily ever after.
<EOS>
Calvin Webber is a brilliant and eccentric Caltech nuclear physicist  living.
His extreme fear leads him to build an enormous self-sustaining fallout shelter beneath his suburban home.
One night   a family friend comes to inform him that John F.
He and his pregnant wife  Helen  are entertaining guests.
Kennedy and Nikita Khrushchev are getting.
The family turns  and watch in horror.
They ask their guests to leave.
When the Cuban Missile Crisis begins.
They head down.
Meanwhile  a pilot is having problems  he is ordered to eject  believing.
His jet will crash.
The plane veers off and crashes  leaving their friends and family to believe.
As the Webbers descend.
The family has died.
The family  having seen the resulting fireball  believe.
As they lock themselves.
The unthinkable has happened and that they are the sole survivors.
The locks are set for 35 years and can not be overridden by anyone inside or outside the shelter -- for their own protection according to Calvin Webber.
Mrs Webber goes and gives birth to a baby boy.
Few days after the locks have been engaged.
Whom they name Adam.
They are down in the shelter  the world above drastically changes.
The Webbers  life remains frozen.
Adam is taught.
The family passes time watching black and white films and kinescopes.
Adam is given his father s baseball card collection and shares.
The timer on the locks releases.
Calvin decides to check out the surroundings.
Has turned.
He mistakes this and wants his wife and grown son to stay in hiding  but suffers from chest pain.
Adam   is sent  thus beginning his adventures.
Who is naive but.
Much is derived from his being unaccustomed to the lifestyle of the present  believing gay means happy  and finding awe in simple things of the present.
Early on  he meets Eve Vrustikoff.
Where she works  and where he went to sell his father s classic baseball cards.
She stops the store owner and is immediately fired.
Adam asks Eve to take him  in exchange for a baseball card  worth $.
The next morning   Eve comes to give back the card to Adam  and after a brief conversation  Eve informs Adam.
She has to look.
A week  Adam asks Eve to work for him  she agrees to help him buy the supplies and his search for a non-mutant wife from Pasadena.
Meanwhile  Adam meets Eve s gay housemate and best friend  Troy.
Who offers advice and commentary as Adam and Eve fall.
Adam continually impresses both Eve and Troy.
Garners the attention.
Adam returns later  having admitted and tells Eve about his past.
The sheer notion scares Eve into thinking he is a sociopath or psychotic and delusional.
She contacts some mental health professionals to have him committed.
They arrive.
He escapes.
Troy and Eve find.
Adam is gone.
He has millions  upon millions of dollars worth of stocks.
The lifestyle seems.
They find he has been living.
Eventually  Eve finds Adam and the two make up  Adam finally introducing Eve.
Calvin and Helen move into a home at the surface.
Their son has had constructed.
Only Calvin is informed.
The catastrophe they went for was in fact a plane crash  for fear Helen would be incredibly angry at her husband for her years of mistaken confinement.
The film ends with her newfound freedom from the shelter  Adam and Eve engaged to be married.
Calvin  certain that the Commies have faked the collapse  starts pacing out measurements for a new fallout shelter.
<EOS>
Hasan is a twelve-year-old boy living  struggling to survive.
The family has been since Hasan s father s imprisonment.
Hasan s mother has had to take up work.
A caretaker and Hasan has to sell ayran  the salty yogurt drink  to feed his siblings.
One cold winter day  Hasan goes by the road to sell ayran to travellers.
The man  Recep  is waiting to hear.
Who runs the place.
Whose family forced the two lovers apart.
An old man  Kadir  is trying to sell his winter pears.
He does nt want to go.
A passenger is on his way to his new post  a place.
<EOS>
The slain criminal s father  mob boss Vincent Sloan  unleashes a blood bath.
When a Los Angeles Police Department officers kill a young bank robber.
One are gunned down.
Morgan has nothing left to live - except revenge.
When his family is murdered.
Becoming an unstoppable one man army  Morgan goes.
Morgan gets his revenge.
He kills Sloan.
<EOS>
The story  written  takes its inspiration from the poem.
Les pauvres gens -LSB- Poor People -RSB- one.
Michel  lives happily.
A dedicated CGT trade unionist  he is charged.
Who will be to be made redundant.
He did so.
He did not need to place his own name.
It is drawn  and so he loses his job along.
His fellow workers and his family organize a party and present them with travel money and a ticket to Tanzania to visit Mount Kilimanjaro.
They sing Pascal Danel s hit song Kilimandjaro known as Les Neiges du Kilimandjaro.
Raoul  Michel s brother-in-law  workmate and fellow trade union official presents him from Michel s childhood.
Raoul says he found.
They are brutally robbed.
They leave.
Michel is injured.
Denise becomes seriously disturbed.
One takes the comic book.
Michel is.
When he sees two children reading the comic book stolen in the robbery.
He recognises their older brother Christophe as one his fellow redundant workers.
He identifies Christophe and watches his arrest.
Gradually  Michel and Marie-Claire discover.
Christophe is caring.
Michel has second thoughts and wants to withdraw his accusation  but.
The case can not be withdrawn.
He decides to try to help the two younger brothers  and is already secretly taking care of the children.
To discover that Marie-Claire has beaten him.
They realise.
It is their shared ideals that bind their relationship and   they take the two boys into their home to look after them while their brother serves a long sentence.
Raoul admits.
He did nt find the comic book at all  but had stolen it from Michel when they were children.
<EOS>
The film tells the story of The Girl and The Boy  she a chorus line girl.
He a writer.
They are both struggling to make it big and have trouble paying their rent.
The Girl is fired.
The Boy tries to get to pitch his play.
The Boy wins big in gaming and ends up with The Girl.
<EOS>
The Ghost Inside tells the story.
Who flees an abusive husband  taking their young daughter.
She rents an apartment but soon regrets the move as a neighbor tells her the apartment herself.
Is haunted.
A series convince Lin.
There really is a ghost before the spirit finally reveals herself.
The ghost tells Lin.
She too will one day committed.
Lin finds some solace.
Who helps fend off Lin s husband when he finally manages to track Lin and his daughter down.
But something does nt seem right.
Lin finds herself standing  under encouragement from the ghost  considering and herself off to stop her abusive husband from parting her from her daughter.
When Lin s husband shows up late one night with two goons intent on taking his daughter back by force.
Whether or not to throw her daughter.
The police arrive.
Lin is committed.
<EOS>
An expedition heads to Obelisk Island.
The greedy Mr Funazu  president  wants to turn into a resort.
The natives welcome the expedition.
Two members  Hiroshi and Itoko  venture named Saki.
They enter.
A cavern blocked and find a giant egg  out of which hatches a baby monster  a bird-lizard  referred to as a Gappa.
The natives plead not to take the baby away.
It anger the baby s parents.
Sure enough  they take the baby away  and soon.
Saki  the only survivor  is rescued and brought back to Japan.
Meanwhile   the baby bird-lizard is making world headlines  not to mention being experimented on by scientists.
There is news of two giant flying creatures appearing over Sagami Bay.
The Gappa parents ravage cities looking  and are impervious to military weapons.
Hiroshi  Itoko and Professor Tonooka realize.
The Gappas are nt a legend.
They  and Saki  try to convince the headstrong Mr Funazu to let go and return it to its parents.
Will they convince him.
<EOS>
Delilah Lee is groomed.
Delilah becomes such a success.
Where she feels that Jeff thinks.
Delilah leaves him  but regrets it later on and tries to win him back.
When the show s backer Gloria Carstairs begins coming on.
She devises a scheme involving amnesia to lure Jeff back.
<EOS>
Betty is a overworked cook and dishwasher.
She quits her job to run an automated Childcare center.
<EOS>
The film focuses.
Is shot.
Mel Wexler is a successful producer.
Who has become a workaholic.
Trying to forget his loss  he throws himself.
He tries to cast the feared film star Sabina Quarles.
Who has a reputation.
She initially declines  explaining.
She is too good.
However   she finally accepts the role.
They soon start a relationship.
He remains suspicious to San Francisco.
She is reluctant to explain.
She is going there every month  which makes him think she has an affair.
Meanwhile  playing her stepson is Bill Warwick  an actor.
Who is a sex symbol.
He is married  he has to keep their marriage a secret.
Sandy was once a great actress.
Her drug addiction has turned her  ignoring her work.
He thinks.
A co-starring role could help her going.
She fails to show up.
The role eventually goes.
Who graduated.
Bill is upset.
His wife was nt given the role and as a result  treats Gaby very badly.
This makes her very sad  constantly trying to win his trust over.
The only colleague supporting her is Jane Adams.
Jane at first hesitated to take the role.
It required her to move to New York City.
Her husband Dan does nt approve.
She is therefore a victim.
Her teenage daughter Alexa thinks and does nt want to have anything to do.
Jane is the cause.
Jane starts a relationship.
Shooting the series.
Who also bears a dark secret.
Three years ago  he spent the night.
It later appeared.
Her mother taped their night and that she was a minor.
She is blackmailing him for money.
Jane feels bad and decides to get the video tape by posing as a cop and threatening to sue the girl s mother.
It eventually turns out to be.
The girl was already 18 years old.
One night  Sandy is and calls to Bill for help.
He realizes and decides to file.
She will never be the same.
However  the same night she is murdered.
Bill becomes the prime suspect.
Gaby tries to help him.
That only makes.
Him look more suspicious.
He apologizes for being mean to her.
She delivered him even more trouble.
They eventually start dating.
Meanwhile  the crew decide to shoot a death scene of Bill s character  in case.
He is found guilty.
However  his innocence is eventually proven.
He remains.
Meanwhile  Jane is.
He found out with Zack.
Alexa   walks in.
Who was currently staying.
She realizes.
Actually her father was the bad guy.
Sabina admits to Mel and gave birth out of wedlock.
She was once impregnated.
The son turned out to be a very sick boy.
He required the best doctors.
Who were only available.
He proposes and invites her to live with them.
When Mel finds out.
<EOS>
The film deals named Billy.
Who does not appreciate his terrestrial life  and instead wishes to explore outer space.
Billy struggles.
The story develops.
Black Magic - New Zealand Film News  50 Ways.
<EOS>
The war turns in favour of the British.
Lord Wellington is poised to invade southern France.
The Comte de Maquerre  a French nobleman  offers to raise a rebellion against Napoleon.
Major General Ross  is unconvinced.
His spies have reported no discontent  but agrees that a brigade can be sent as a probe if the Comte can provide a secure base  he offers a family castle  though he admits that it is garrisoned.
Wellington is forced to put a young  inexperienced Colonel Horace Bampfylde.
Sharpe is reluctant to go.
He has just married Jane Gibbons.
She has come down.
Her prognosis is bleak  but he is a soldier.
He has his orders.
Bampfylde botches the initial assault and is driven back with heavy casualties.
Disgusted  Sharpe and his men gain entry by a ruse  pretending to be a French patrol  and capture the place.
The Comte is reunited.
Sharpe is sent by Bampfylde on a useless reconnaissance in order to grab the credit for himself.
The Comte brings the Mayor to Bampfylde  however the mayor is in fact Napoleon s agent and Sharpe s old enemy Major Ducos.
Sharpe is away.
Who confirms that Bordeaux is ripe.
The Comte is.
Ducos also tells Bampfylde.
Sharpe was ambushed and killed.
Now convinced.
There s no further reason to stay  Bampfylde is convinced to demolish the front gates  blow up the captured ammunition  abandon the wounded  and return to Wellington immediately with the wonderful news.
Sharpe s patrol meanwhile ambushes and annihilates a French column  and captures a resupply cart and a doctor bringing quinine for the Comte s mother.
Resisting the temptation to save it  Sharpe allows it to be given to the ailing woman.
Rifleman Robinson is found.
Sharpe is required to hang him.
Sharpe reduces the sentence.
When the girl says she had been willing.
Meanwhile they question the locals and find them fiercely loyal and conclude.
The Comte s rebellion is a sham.
Hearing the explosion  Sharpe and his men hurry back.
He realises.
When he gets a description.
He has been trapped.
Not only will Wellington be tricked.
Ducos will have his own personal revenge.
French General Calvet arrives.
The Comte reveals himself to be Napoleon s agent  and offers to let the British go free provided  Fight them to the finish  sir.
They leave Sharpe behind  Robinson replies.
Sharpe turns them down.
Sharpshooters mortally wound the Comte in the back at long range.
He returns.
Sharpe and his men only have 18 rounds a man.
Earlier   the Comte s sister had told them to burn a cellar full of oyster shells to produce lime.
The French attack  but are met.
Sharpe s men dump powdered lime from the walls  blinding their foes.
They enter the castle.
The British form ranks and proceed to massacre the blinded Frenchmen.
The French retreat run out of ammunition.
Then  a messenger arrives.
He was nt guarding the flank when Wellington attacked.
The wily British commander had been suspicious and so only ever intended the uprising to be a distraction.
He attacked elsewhere.
General Calvet hurries away  leaving Sharpe victorious.
Bampfylde is placed.
When Sharpe gets back.
Sharpe is astounded to find his wife well  she tells him.
Wellington had gone to obtain quinine for her.
<EOS>
Jeffrey Willis is hired on at upscale Long Island beach resort  The Flamingo.
Jeffrey is a kid.
His father does not approve.
His hero and mentor is the reigning Gin rummy card game champ  Phil Brody.
Blank  Ed.
Traditional values put December 28 .
Jeffrey  a winning Gin Rummy player himself  and his friends  admire Brody and how his wins make him seem psychic  knowing which cards to give up.
Brody also takes a liking  eventually showing him his car business  and gives.
Him hopes that car sales are where he belongs.
Jeffrey gets further immersed  defying his father s guidance.
Jeffrey notably says.
He will not be needing college and plans to pursue being a car salesman instead.
Jeffrey and his co-workers also venture to Yonkers Raceway together  risking cash on a horse tip but come up short.
When the trotter breaks stride.
Eventually  Brody reveals.
The job opening is for a stock boy  not as a salesman as Jeffrey had been led to believe was his when he asked for it.
Brody encourages Jeffrey to take the stock boy position.
He can work his way up.
Jeffrey observes.
A regular onlooker  Big Sid  is feeding signals  the true cause of Brody s winning ways.
Jeffrey fills in  opposing Brody  and seeking to help win back the unfair profits.
When Big Sid and a member are overcome by the heat.
Brody won over the course of the Summer.
Jeffrey and his team eventually win back.
What was unfairly lost.
Realizing the mistakes  Jeffrey makes up.
He made.
Where his family is dining.
<EOS>
Odile  a business executive  is married.
Odile was close to successful businessman Nicolas  now married with kids and returning to Paris after an eight-year absence.
She is looking.
Her younger sister Camille  has just completed her doctoral thesis and is a Paris tour guide.
Simon is a regular.
He s attracted  although he claims to be researching his historical radio dramas.
Camille has fallen.
They begin an affair.
Nicolas is also looking.
He hopes to eventually have his family join him.
The most original feature is.
Characters break as sung by the original artists  i.
E. 
A female character may all of a sudden start singing in a male voice and vice versa.
The judicious choice of styles make for some very funny surprises  considering the complete and voluntary absence of transitions between the talking and singing.
The film s debt is acknowledged with a dedication in the opening credits.
<EOS>
Panama Lady is a cleaned-up remake.
Lucille Ball essays the old Twelvetrees role  a nightclub hostess stranded in Panama by her ex-lover Roy.
Victimized  oil rigger McTeague holds Lucy responsible.
To avoid landing  Lucy agrees to accompany McTeague to his oil camp as his housekeeper.
Assuming  Lucy eventually realizes  All is his money back.
She s been brought.
McTeague s intentions are honorable.
He wants.
He expects our heroine to work off the debt.
<EOS>
Lord Datchett is a misogynist.
Who persuades his friend not to get married.
He believes.
Woman are vain  trivial and dull.
He is irritated.
When a French film star Colette Marly arrives and takes the table in a restaurant he wanted to sit at.
He is scathing.
She is tired.
He predicts.
If she were really left alone she would throw herself that she met.
Datchett decides to invite her to stay at his house aiming to stage a scientific experiment and prove his theory right.
Marly is genuinely weary of her publicity agent | publicity-seeking agent and is besieged by autograph hunters and journalists.
She accepts.
When she receives Datchett s invitation to stay.
She is greeted by the butler Jameson and Lord Datchett  now pretending to be Henry Dodds  the estate manager.
The other staff have all been roped in to help maintain the deception.
Datchett tries to discover more.
She is.
Slowly they begin.
They go out riding together and when they are locked and get drunk on brandy.
Clair meanwhile flirts  the Irish gardener provoking them into jealousy and rivalry.
Marly discovers.
When the Reverend Meadows turns up.
Who Datchett really is to deceive her.
She plans to leave in a fury.
Then decides to play along.
It is she.
She pretends to be in distress so that he can be a gallant rescuer  but when he knocks himself out.
Who has to rescue him.
Lady Datchett arrives.
When Datchett s elderly mother.
He persuades her to join.
Eventually Marly reveals to Datchett.
She knows who he really is.
They are both forced to confront their feelings.
He admits.
He is.
He asks her to marry him.
She reveals.
It has all been intended to teach him a lesson.
He goes away  crestfallen.
She then realises.
She is with.
Marly stages her drowning for a second time.
Datchett is about to return after admitting.
The experiment was a failure when he hears her cries.
He comes to rescue her.
Once again it is she.
Who ends up rescuing him.
They end up embracing.
<EOS>
The plot consists.
Harry Earl is in love with the station owner s daughter.
The evil manager makes advances.
Earl beats him up.
The overseer urges some local Aborigines to kill Earl.
One  Budgerie  alerts the station men by writing a message on a spear.
The stockmen ride and save Earl.
As the Aborigines are about to perform a Death Dance.
The overseer is killed.
Earl is reunited.
<EOS>
Darn Cat or DC is a wily  adventurous Siamese tomcat.
Who lives.
One night   DC follows Iggy  a bank robber.
Making his rounds  teasing Blitzy the Bulldog as usual.
Where he and his partner Dan are holding bank employee Margaret Miller hostage.
The robbers let the cat in and feed him.
She attempts into the back of her watch  places it around the cat s neck  and releases him into the outdoors.
When Margaret is alone.
Patti discovers the watch  has a gut feeling and visits the FBI.
It belongs.
She likes the kind looks and Agent Zeke Kelso and tells him.
Supervisor Newton assigns Kelso to follow DC.
He will lead them back.
Kelso sets up a headquarters and assigns a team to keep the cat under surveillance.
DC manages to elude them.
Eventually a bugging device is implanted.
The cat leads Zeke.
Eventually  Patti and Zeke rescue Margaret and bring the robbers.
Subplots involve a romance and the meddling of nosey neighbor Mrs MacDougall and her disapproving husband.
<EOS>
The McCallister family prepares to spend Christmas.
Ten-year-old Kevin  Peter and Kate s youngest son  sees Florida as contradictory.
What he thinks an appropriate Christmas environment is  particularly noting the lack.
Buzz humiliates him during his solo  causing Kevin to retaliate.
Kevin refuses  he storms up.
To apologize  and  still angry with the family s decision to go to Florida.
Where he wishes that he had his own money so he could go.
Peter unknowingly resets the alarm clock and causes the family to oversleep.
Meanwhile  a piece is blown into the house s main door  revealing.
Harry and Marv have escaped.
To reach the airport.
Loading his Talkboy does not realize it until after they land in Florida.
Meanwhile   Kevin tours the city and uses the Talkboy to check into the Plaza Hotel.
However  he finds himself scared tending to pigeons in Central Park.
Kevin tours the city in a limousine and visits Duncan s Toy Chest  a local toy store.
Where he meets the philanthropic owner  Mr Duncan.
There  Kevin discovers the proceeds will be donated to a children s hospital.
Mr Duncan allows him to take a pair as a gift  instructing him to give one to another person as a sign of eternal friendship.
Kevin is chased to the hotel.
Mr Hector  the hotel concierge  confronts Kevin.
Came up.
Kevin flees  but is captured.
They discuss plans.
Kevin flees.
The McCallisters discover.
Kevin has been found using Peter s credit card.
The family flies.
Kate desperately tries to find Kevin.
Having noted earlier  Kevin attempts to visit him.
His uncle Rob has a townhouse.
He successfully reaches the location but finds.
The house vacant and undergoing renovations and that his uncle and his family are.
He comes across the pigeon lady.
However   she frees him.
When Kevin gets his foot caught.
Kevin learns  he promises to be her friend.
Watching a local orchestra perform.
How her life has fallen apart and how she dealt by taking care of the pigeons in the park.
Kevin heads to the townhouse and sets up various booby traps inside it.
Kevin arrives during Harry and Marv s break-in  throws a brick tied with a note to Mr Duncan through the window to set off the store s alarm  and is chased into the townhouse.
Spring every trap in the house  Kevin flees to a phone booth and dials.
The Wet Bandits catch Kevin and take him.
When he slips.
The pigeon lady finds out and throws birdseed.
They can kill Kevin.
He sets off fireworks.
He had bought earlier to signal the police.
Harry and Marv are arrested.
Mr Duncan finds Kevin s note and realizes his role in stopping the robbery.
Kate comes  and remembers Kevin s fondness for Christmas trees.
Kevin makes a wish.
There  he sees Kate and the two meet and reconcile.
A truckload arrives at the hotel as a reward to the McCallisters.
Buzz and Kevin have a moment and allows him to open up the first present.
Kevin goes to give the pigeon lady a turtledove  reaffirming his promise.
Cedric delivers Kevin s room service bill  totaling $.
.
Peter interrupts Kevin.
<EOS>
Susan Aibelli  a married  lonely woman  suffers a leg injury.
Her son  Raymond  is about to leave.
Her son is forced to stay at home to take care.
His father is gone.
He loses both the internship and his girlfriend.
These troublesome events leave him emotionally confused.
His mother are left alone together.
They develop an incestuous relationship.
<EOS>
The documentary follows four salesmen.
They travel.
The film focuses Paul Brennan  a middle-aged Irish-American Catholic from Jamaica Plain  Boston.
Who struggles to maintain his sales.
<EOS>
Two schoolboys are playing on an abandoned military base in the English countryside.
They are approached.
Who rebuke them  and take them to see their commanding officer.
It soon becomes apparent.
The two boys are kidnapped.
A British intelligence officer  Major Tarrant  is engaged in an undercover operation to try to infiltrate a gang of arms smugglers.
Who are selling weapons.
He makes an initial approach.
He arranges to come back the next week to meet her boss.
He then heads.
Where the head lives  and makes a report about his operation to Julyan and his direct superior  Cedric Harper.
He receives a telephone call.
He is there.
Who tells him their son David has been taken.
She has received a strange phone call.
Tarrant reacts calmly  revealing  and is given permission to leave.
That he has a family problem.
Tarrant goes to receive a second call from a man identifying himself as Drabble.
Drabble demonstrates.
He knows exactly who Tarrant is and what jobs he does.
He instructs him to get Harper to answer the next phone call - making it clear he has Tarrant s son David and is prepared to torture him.
Tarrant goes  and informs him of the situation.
Harper agrees to take the phone call and begins to put a surveillance operation.
He demands.
When Drabble gets.
Harper give him # 500000 and make a rendezvous in Paris.
Harper had recently acquired that exact amount to fund another operation.
He has planned.
Harper deduces.
Drabble must be acting.
He immediately begins to suspect Tarrant  and has him placed under observation.
Tarrant  meanwhile  has to assign his arms-smuggling case.
The Drabble gang have placed incriminating evidence.
Appears to show a relationship.
This is found.
This further fuels Harper s belief.
Tarrant has arranged the entire kidnapping himself.
Harper meets in his office and tells him.
He can not allow the ransom to be met  as the British government does not negotiate.
Tarrant seemingly accepts this.
He breaks and impersonates Harper on a secure telephone - arranging to have the diamonds made available.
When Harper has departed.
He then takes them to make the rendezvous - giving the slip to the tail Harper has placed on him.
He is met by Celia Burrows at the rendezvous.
She takes him.
Where it is claimed Tarrant s son is being held.
It soon becomes apparent to Tarrant.
Drabble has not got his son there.
Instead Drabble makes a cryptic reference.
Where there is a view.
The ruthless Drabble murders Celia Burrows  and leaves an unconscious Tarrant lying.
He has got the diamonds.
Tarrant is arrested - and handed over to Harper and British intelligence.
A rescue is then staged  freeing Tarrant from Harper s custody  but then trying to murder him.
Tarrant manages to escape and head back.
He realises.
Drabble meant to try to silence him - therefore protecting whoever in British intelligence was supplying him from information.
Tarrant then attempts to flush out the traitor.
He now knows to be the Clayton Windmills.
The man is Sir Edward Julyan.
Who comes.
Who is ambushed.
He admits.
He arranged the whole thing as he urgently needed large amounts to enjoy a comfortable retirement with his free-spending wife.
He tries to get Tarrant to accept half the value.
He refuses - and instead demands to know the whereabouts.
Julyan tells him.
He is being held by Drabble.
Tarrant then storms the windmill and rescues his son  killing Drabble and his henchman.
He carries David.
<EOS>
The map indicates.
Gold is located.
Daffy decides.
When Mac and Tosh refuse to leave and defend their home.
Violent means are needed to involuntarily remove what he considers pests.
The Gophers fight back.
Which fools Daffy struck gold.
<EOS>
The Earth population is on the verge of extinction because of global warming.
The Earth Federation sends a space ship.
Could be inhabitable.
The crew-members come.
The crew has spent 80 years.
Their ship traveled.
They find out.
When they wake up.
The Captain has been dead for the last 75 years.
The ship s Executive Officer  Commander Hollis  assumes command.
He commits suicide  leaving a note.
When he reads the secret message.
He joins his family.
The new Commanding Officer  Lieutenant Jammad  reads the message and learns.
The Earth has been devastated.
A fight relieves Jammad from command.
He is shortly found dead.
The crew realize.
Someone has to be trying to kill them all.
The suspicion falls.
The remaining four crew-members arrest her  revealing.
She is an android.
Becker denies any guilt and then activates the self-destruction sequence.
Granier and Han are too devastated to continue and commit suicide.
Reese and Zinovitz run.
But  it is revealed.
When they enter the hatch.
They are not really but in an underground simulation complex on Earth.
There was no space flight.
The Captain was never dead  it all was a test scenario.
Where the commanding officer is incapacitated.
The crew have only been for 6 months.
Hollis and Becker apparently knew and were instructed to play along.
However the nuclear war is indeed real.
Was the suicide.
The film ends.
Reeves and Zinovietz look.
<EOS>
One year  Sir Bowen visits the cave-home of his long-dead friend Draco  and obtained a dragon egg there.
He took the egg.
Where lived his friend Brother Gilbert  a monk.
The friars pledged to hide the dragon away  with Friar Peter protecting him and teaching him for 20 years.
The task is passed to a young and gullible friar named Mansel.
An orphaned stable boy named  he tricks Mansel and discovers the hidden Drake  the dragon.
Geoff  who dreams  lives at the monastery  doing menial chores.
Geoff is afraid.
Realizes Drake is more afraid.
They soon form a friendship.
Meanwhile  two Chinese citizens  appearing to be a frail old man and his grandson  enter the kingdom and ask Friar Peter.
He knows anything  as there is a prophecy stating that a dragon s heart will doom mankind when a two-tailed comet blazes across the night sky.
The comet will come  so they want to make sure.
There are either no dragons around  or  if there is one  confirm that its heart is pure and that it will not be tempted.
Meanwhile  the King makes a mysterious man named Osric his adviser.
Osric pledges to unite the kingdom  but corrupts it by forcing each status of citizen to wear a certain color of tunic.
He and Drake are surprised.
Geoff is complaining.
Drake is forced to take his first flight.
The two Chinese learn of Drake s existence and start to train him to use his dragon abilities  including fire-breathing  flight  using his tail  claws  and teeth  and to exhale an ice breath.
The last of which is a rare skill that few dragons managed to master.
Geoff discovers.
The Chinese grandson is the princess.
Fearing  the Chinese emperor ordered the killing in the country.
All dragons were akin.
That Drake is the last dragon.
The Chinese citizens are captured.
Geoff is made a knight with Drake.
Osric takes them to battle a group.
Where a fight engages.
Which Osric fakes a fatal blow and asks Drake to give him half his heart.
Realizing  Geoff rallies Drake.
The attempt is a trick.
Drake masters his fire-breathing skills having resulted in the fire coming out of his back.
Osric recognizes a familiar box.
Master Kwan  the elder Chinese  recognizes Osric s true identity and orders.
The amulet burned.
Osric recovers the box and discovers his lost heart.
Osric throws a knife at Master Kwan s companion Lian.
Kwan intervenes and dies.
Geoff and Drake arrive.
Osric reveals himself.
The comet comes.
Whose heart was cut out  and which Lian carried with her to protect it.
He resumes his dragon form and asks Drake to join him.
When he recovers possession.
Recalling  Drake refuses and challenges Griffin.
Griffin would have cost him his soul if Geoff had not intervened.
He uses his ice breath to freeze Griffin.
Geoff is injured  so Drake offers a piece of his own  securing his place in the constellation Draco.
The old code was restored.
Lian returned for a time.
Mansel is awarded guardianship and has a life of prayer and devotion.
Geoff and Drake go on to become brothers  having discovered the familial bond.
Is all they ever truly wanted.
<EOS>
Seth Singer  a young deaf man  believes.
He is no different.
Determined to prove his point  he throws his life savings despite the presence of a well-established competitor.
Seth meets Alma  a double amputee.
They find romance.
However  their relationship is threatened.
Who comes home.
<EOS>
The Stooges are managers.
They bet their bank roll.
They will lose their lives  the boys decide to play along.
They try to soften Chopper up.
The fight gets canceled and   gets entangled with Moe and breaks his hand against a wall.
When Kitty dumps Chopper.
The Stooges think.
They have put  only to have the bad guys corner them in a deserted warehouse.
The boys capture the crooks and get a reward.
<EOS>
Harry Moulton Pulham Jr.
Is a conservative  middle-aged Boston businessman  set.
He has a proper wife  Kay.
Whom he has settled.
However  it was not always that way.
It triggers a flashback more than twenty years earlier.
When Harry is saddled.
His Harvard classmate and friend Bill King gets him a job in a New York City advertising company.
Where he falls with a vivacious  independent coworker oddly named Marvin Miles.
However   she can not bring herself to fit.
They love each other.
He can not imagine living anywhere other.
So they break off their relationship.
Harry falls with and marries a woman from his own social set with the same attitudes and assumptions  someone approved of by his father and mother.
Marvin arranges to meet Harry again.
There are sparks.
Harry is tempted to have an affair  but they both realize.
It would be foolish.
One thing changes though  Harry becomes profoundly dissatisfied.
He begs his wife to go away immediately  to rekindle their love.
She dismisses the idea as impractical and vaguely improper  but then changes her mind and agrees to go with him  making him very happy.
<EOS>
Ku A-ming is a 4th grader boy.
He is very talented in art  and has a great imagination.
Most teachers do nt know what he s expressing.
A new art teacher named.
Mr Kuo asks if anyone is interested.
Ku A-ming is the first one to volunteer.
The school teachers vote to decide.
Who s going to represent the school to compete.
A-ming lost.
The vote and Mr Kuo needs to leave the school.
He asks A-ming to give him one.
He leaves.
Sadly   A-ming dies.
Mr Kuo has left.
Mr Kuo sends.
A-ming s drawing is the champion.
The teachers start to regret neglecting A-ming s ability.
<EOS>
The following plot synopsis was published with a 1915 showing of the film at Carnegie Hall.
<EOS>
Sur le rythme is a romantic comedy.
Delphine Lamarre  her parents  wish  and her dreams in dancing.
A 20 years old student has to choose.
<EOS>
Arun comes back after 10 years of living abroad.
His father does not want his son to be a saint.
He asks a press reporter to change him back.
She sets up a number.
He thwarts.
Later   she plans another set up.
She pretends.
The car has broken down.
He leaves to roam around a bit.
He sees a crying child and offers him a chocolate.
He is walking.
Suddenly he is swarmed.
The adults think.
He is a children kidnapper.
Radika cut s Arun s beard off-a symbol of piety.
He renounces his saint hood.
Later  Arun goes to work and finds out.
His father has been sending money.
A man informs a lady.
Someone has proposed.
She informs the bride s parents  telling them he is actually a man named Alex Pandian s.
A flashback ensues.
Explains Alex Pandian s story.
Alex Pandian is a scrupulous police officer.
He arrests some people and brings the wrath of their mob boss.
They kill him.
Alex Pandian predetermines.
He exhales his last breadth.
He will be born again to kill them.
Does his wife.
When Alex Pandian dies so.
One is named Arun and the other  John.
Meanwhile Thengai Srinivasan s wife gives birth.
The child is still born  just she had been pregnant.
Alex s sister gives one to them.
He is christened Arun.
He get.
S a divine epiphany that makes him realize he is the reincarnation.
He is asked to meet a woman named Smitha.
It proves to be a set up.
He kills the attacker and goes to jail.
He comes to court to reveal the truth.
When suddenly an Alex Pandian comes up and says that he is not but that he was in Sri Lanka all this time.
However  the truth is.
This man posing to be Alex Pandian is Arun s twin  John.
Unbeknownst  he is working with the man.
Who murdered his father.
Later Arun says.
He lied that he was an incarnation because he wanted to know who his enemies were because they will want to kill him.
Later John finds.
Who Alex Pandian is and who Arun is and goes to save his brother.
However  John is fatally wounded.
Who he eventually kills and throws.
Arun and Radhika get married.
All is well.
This Movie remade titled John Jani Janardhan starring Rajnikant  Rati Agnihotri & Kader Khan.
<EOS>
Three children live in a decaying rural mansion with their guardian and chauffeur  Bruno.
The children suffer.
Causes them down the evolutionary ladder  starting in late childhood.
Two distant relatives arrive.
Order to examine and claim the property.
Bruno s shaky control deteriorates  murder  chaos  and insanity ensue.
Ralph  Virginia  and Elizabeth  are inbred  demented and dangerous.
These overgrown children exhibit playful innocence mixed.
Virginia is known with spiders.
She stalks and eats bugs  moving.
She also enjoys trapping unsuspecting victims  stinging them to death using two butcher knives.
Virginia cuts off one of his ears.
She keeps.
Spider Baby s brother  Ralph  is a sexually advanced but mentally deficient simpleton.
Who moves.
Unable to speak  Ralph communicates.
He becomes sexually aroused.
Several mysterious aunts and uncles live.
Who have regressed even further.
The skeleton is kept in a bedroom and is kissed goodnight by Virginia.
Bruno  the children s sworn and loving protector  has been able to maintain control and keep the family secrets hidden.
But  the bizarre behavior is revealed.
When the snooping  greedy Emily and her brother Peter arrive to take possession.
Peter  Emily  their lawyer  Schlocker  and his assistant  Ann Morris  insist.
Dinner is served.
Ralph happily kills a cat.
The revolting meal includes insects  mushrooms  and a garden salad made.
Bruno leaves.
Events spiral downhill.
The Merrye kids run merrily amok.
Virginia and Elizabeth murder Schlocker and dump his body.
Where the demented beastly relatives apparently eat him.
The basement dwellers are unleashed.
Meanwhile  Emily models some black nightclothes is peeking in.
Then raped  Emily becomes sexually aggressive and murderous.
Bruno returns and realizes.
He has lost control.
He lights a bundle  blowing himself  the house  and the children to bits.
This seems to kill all carriers.
A smug  surviving cousin comes.
Peter is recounting the story.
However  the camera cuts.
Who eerily resembles Virginia.
We see her admiring a spider.
Has the curse been eradicated.
<EOS>
A content suburban family  headed by Jack Warner  is turned into an unhappy lot.
When they believe that they have the winning coupon.
But  they regain their previously happy lives.
When it s discovered that the winning coupon apparently was nt mailed.
Had been made unhappy.
Then   they decide.
When it is discovered that the winning coupon was   mailed.
They have learned their lesson and resolve not to let the money ruin their happiness.
The second is more tragic.
The third is a suspenseful crime caper.
Who devise a scheme to embezzle the winning pot.
The final episode  another comedy  concerns a dispirited bass player.
Who discovers he misses the orchestra he left.
<EOS>
Badal is a young man.
He had witnessed his entire family  his loving father  mother  and baby sister  murdered in a village massacre by ruthless police officer Jaisingh Rana.
Who kills people.
Years later  Badal has become a dreaded terrorist.
Whose main target is exacting revenge on Jaisingh Rana for his family s horrible death.
Badal travels to a small town.
Where he meets a good-natured police officer  Ranjeet Singh  who takes Badal  and Rani  a bubbly free spirit who falls madly in love with him.
Ranjeet Singh s family eventually takes Badal.
Badal is given a new lease of life and comes to understand the values of sentiments  love and relationships.
Of which he has missed out.
However.
Badal comes.
Who is now a big-name but still evil police inspector.
To clear the misunderstanding  withhold Rani s love  and finally get the revenge he has thirsted for against Jaisingh Rana.
<EOS>
Rehan is sent by his father.
Who is.
The mansion s caretaker died two days ago.
The mansion is going to be sold off.
Rehan s father suspects this  so he sends Rehan to investigate.
He meets a.
Who tells him that only he can do it.
Mysterious things happen that night.
Rehan sees a girl playing piano  a book drops.
Who vanishes when the door is opened.
Rehan finds a letter inside.
The letter  written  tells her story from.
When her parents left and left her alone with her nanny Margaret  a servant and a driver.
Her piano teacher Iyer tries to rape her.
However  she saves herself.
Results. 
Soon  the police corroborate Meera s story.
They find explicit sketches in Iyer s house.
However  Iyer returns  killing both the servants and the nanny.
The spirit rapes Meera repeatedly.
Leads her to commit suicide.
Even her spirit is tortured and trapped in the mansion by the evil spirit.
Rehan feels sympathetic and brings a psychic to help.
The lady leaves.
Strong the evil spirit is and asks Rehan to do the same.
Rehan ignores her warning and stays there  challenging the evil spirit.
It is believed that saying an evil spirit s name makes it more powerful.
The next morning finds the rag-picker  casting a spell.
When he wakes up he.
The spell sends him back 75 years August 1936  the day.
When Meera s parents leave.
Rehan befriends Meera.
The next day   Rehan comes with a basket of chocolates as a gift for showing him the way to the city.
Order to prevent the death.
Rehan says.
He would like to listen as he is also interested in music.
Iyer asks him to leave.
Rehan insists and can still listen to the music.
That he will not interfere.
Iyer hits him  throwing him out.
Rehan listens.
Iyer bolts the door and tries to rape Meera.
Rehan tries to prevent Iyer s death.
But   Meera kills Iyer.
Written. 
A hurt Rehan is admitted.
Where he dreams.
Rehan explains everything and asks her to meet him the next day at noon.
The next day  Rehan  Meera and Margaret meet a priest.
Who tells them that far there is a Dargah  a mosque where there is a Sufi baba who could help them.
He tells them to start the journey.
Spirits have the strongest power and are weakest at 300 pm.
The three stay.
The travelling continues.
The evil spirit kills Margaret and tries.
Rehan fights it and takes Meera the rest.
The next day  the priest is killed.
Margaret s body  now possessed  tries to stop them from entering the Dargah.
Rehan manages to put Margaret s leg.
Find the.
Who sent Rehan.
He tells them.
Miles away is a town that was being chanted.
There is a well.
Which Meera has to show the way that Meera is still wearing.
Rehan has to drop the fire  mud  and the pendent.
They reach the town.
Meera is attacked.
Rehan is performing the act.
Meera manages to throw the pendant.
Rehan falls into the well and reaches back to the year.
He finds another letter and discovers.
Meera lived a happy life.
The house is no longer haunted.
<EOS>
The film opens.
S.
Marine Tommy Riordan visiting his father  Paddy Conlon  a recovering alcoholic.
Who has become a born-again Christian.
Tommy becomes angry.
Paddy fails to convince him.
He has truly changed.
The next day  Tommy enters a gym.
Where he beats a professional fighter named Pete Mad Dog Grimes unconscious  in a fight which is filmed via a cell phone s video camera and later uploaded to the internet where it goes viral.
Tommy learns.
Where the winner receives $.
Tommy asks his father to help him train.
Order to provide.
Paddy does not try to reconcile their relationship.
Meanwhile  Paddy s older son  Brendan Conlon  a high school physics teacher and former UFC fighter  is struggling to financially provide and faces the possibility of his home getting foreclosed due to mortgage re-financing to pay for his youngest daughter s open heart surgery.
To increase his income  Brendan risks returning as a mixed martial arts fighter battling amateur fighters for money.
Rumours begin spreading amongst his students.
The school s superintendent  objecting  suspends him without pay.
Left  Brendan seeks the training of old friend Frank Campana and begins competing in smaller venue fights.
Brendan convinces Frank to enter him.
The fighter Frank planned to enter is injured during training.
Brendan discovers.
Tommy has also entered.
It is explained.
When the two brothers confront each other.
Brendan chose to stay behind when he was 16 years old instead of moving away from their father with Tommy and their mother  who later grew ill and died.
Brendan claims.
He has forgiven his father.
Tommy is unconvinced.
He refuses to forgive Brendan.
When their mother was sick.
Meanwhile  the video attracts the attention of a Marine in Iraq.
Whose life was saved.
The information and video.
The Marine is shared.
S.
Marine Corps as well.
However  Tommy s records surface and reveal.
He deserted the military after his entire unit was killed.
It is explained.
Tommy took his mother s maiden name in order to evade arrest for his desertion and that military police will take him into custody after the tournament is over.
Brendan and Tommy have contrasting fortunes  Tommy quickly and brutally knocks out his three opponents.
Brendan has a much tougher time  outmatched physically but utilizing Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu to force submissions.
The night.
Shown the follow morning.
Seeing the emotional pain  Tommy calms and comforts him.
The brothers come face-to-face with each other in the final round and unleash all the anger.
They had.
The fight shows Tommy having the upper hand initially.
Brendan manages to dislocate Tommy s shoulder and traps him.
Brendan tearfully apologizes and tells him.
They both lie struggling.
He loves him.
Tommy taps out.
The film ends.
Their father watches them reconcile and smiles.
<EOS>
Lo Fei suffered a traumatic childhood with abuse and maltreatment from his bad-tempered but famous sculptor father.
He was often locked up inside the wardrobe.
The dark childhood turned Lo.
Lo betrayed his father s artistic career and chose to become a magician and performer instead  to prove his own capabilities.
Lo was seriously wounded by shocks of his childhood nightmares.
Not knowing the truth  his girlfriend Lei thought.
He was stretching his physical strength too far.
She therefore took him to recuperate.
Night  the five of them went through a terrifying catastrophe.
<EOS>
The film is biographical  telling the story and artistic struggles of the French composer Hector Berlioz.
A demonstration at a performance at the Paris Opera conducted by Habeneck  supper with other young artists  to chasing after Henriette Smithson after a performance of Hamlet.
His life  a visit from his mother  composition of the Symphonie fantastique.
Who curses him.
Then marital breakdown - the premiere  travels throughout Europe  second marriage   acceptance in old age and reconciliation with his son.
<EOS>
A mother tells her son.
He has to be strong and that everything will be okay.
She hears something coming and makes her son hide under the bed.
She packs a suitcase.
The door bursts open and something throws the woman.
The son  terrified  runs out.
She grabs him and runs down the stairs.
The boy hides.
His sister is caught and pushed and is obviously injured.
She crawls and tells him to run  but is dragged to the cellar  her nails clawing the floor.
The boy runs in a cabinet.
It is dark down his face.
The cabinet door opens.
A hand yanks him out.
Five years later  the Solomon family move into the house  hoping to start a sunflower farm.
The teenaged daughter  Jess  is upset.
She had once driven drunk.
She got  seriously injuring Ben.
He recovered  but has does not speak.
Jess  father  Roy  and mother  Denise  have a hard time trusting their daughter.
Roy   moved his family believing.
Who grew up and has previous farming experience.
It will help heal the family.
Ominous events start occurring.
The house always has crows flying around it.
Some even attack Roy  but are driven off.
Whom Roy hires to work.
Ben sees the ghosts and children in the house.
They do not seem to frighten him.
Jess is also aware but is unable to see them.
They attempt to drag her.
The adults have no perception.
One ghost  the sister  attempts to drag Jess.
Afterward  Jess calls.
9-1-1 and the police arrive  but find nothing.
They consider it a false alarm.
Jess  parents do not believe her either.
He is unable to confirm her story.
Ben witnessed what happened  still being very young and mute.
Only Bobby  a teenage boy  supports her.
Whom Jess befriends.
Jess and Ben have more encounters haunting the house.
One attack occurs.
Jess sees a little boy  arms wrapped around his legs  his back toward Jess.
He does not reply.
When she tries to ask him if he is okay.
She moves closer.
The boy turns and reveals his face  his eyes white  his skin pale and on his face.
He suddenly jumps and attacks Jess.
Later  Jess is rushed.
Her parents think.
Her wounds are self-inflicted because she wants to leave the house and return.
They will not believe.
Ghosts are haunting it.
Tensions rise and Jess becomes determined to fix things.
Her parents do not believe her.
Jess later discovers more details.
The Rollins lived in the house  but left suddenly six years before.
However  Jess sees a picture of the family  with the father revealed to be none other than John Burwell.
Who has always been kind.
John Burwell is actually John Rollins  the head and the man.
It turns out.
Who   killed his family.
Frightened and anxious  Jess takes Bobby back.
It is too late.
Back  Jess  mother  Denise  is putting Ben to sleep.
When she notices a blood spot.
This is.
Where the mother  Mary Rollins  was thrown.
Suddenly Denise sees the mother s spirit emerging.
Terrified and determined to leave  Denise packs suitcases and places them.
John   becomes confused and believes years before.
Denise is his wife Mary  trying to leave him.
He runs to attack Denise  believing.
She is his wife.
Denise grabs Ben and runs to hide from their attacker.
Bobby and Jess arrive.
Jess calls.
John attacks them  knocking Bobby out in the process.
Jess runs.
Jess finds Denise and Ben.
John is looking to get into the cellar.
Together they further barricade the door  blocking all the windows and breaking the light bulbs.
They can stay hidden.
John is able to get and looks around for the three  still believing.
They are his family.
Roy arrives to help Ben and Denise  but is stabbed with the pitchfork.
However  John s ghostly family arise beneath the cellar and grab their patriarch.
John grabs Jess  leg to save himself.
His family vengefully pulls him to join them underground.
Jess  parents work together to save their daughter.
He sinks.
Thanks  the police and paramedics arrive shortly after the attack.
Roy is loaded for not believing her and promise to never doubt her again.
Things return.
The film ends.
The crows no longer attack  the ghosts stop appearing.
Ben starts talking again.
The family appears to be normal.
More and the house and land look better than ever.
<EOS>
The film opens in the early post-war era.
Major Jock Sinclair announces.
This will be his last day.
Sinclair   is to be replaced.
Who had been since the battalion s colonel was killed in action during the North African campaign in Second World War.
Brigade HQ considered Barrow to be a more appropriate peacetime commanding officer.
Major Sinclair led the battalion.
Barrow arrives early  and observes the battalion s officers dancing rowdily.
Barrow and Sinclair briefly swap their respective military backgrounds.
Sinclair joined the regiment and rose through the ranks  winning the Military Medal and Distinguished Service Order in the war.
Barrow came to the regiment directly from Oxford University  his ancestors having been colonel of the regiment before him.
He served only before being posted to special duties.
Barrow rather reticently mentions his own experience.
When Sinclair humorously tells.
Sinclair dismissively presupposes.
Barrow received preferential treatment being an officer and sat out the war.
But Barrow is deeply psychologically scarred after being tortured by the Japanese but does not tell this to Sinclair.
Who privately resents the fact that he is being replaced.
Meanwhile Morag  Sinclair s daughter  is observed illicitly meeting an enlisted piper.
Barrow immediately passes several orders designed to instil discipline.
Sinclair had allowed to slip.
Particularly controversial is an order.
All officers take lessons.
However the unchanged energetic dancing incites his anger.
An extreme outburst only further damages his own authority.
Tensions come.
When Major Sinclair publicly assaults the uniformed piper he discovers - bashing a corporal as he put it.
Barrow decides.
An official report must be made  meaning an imminent court-martial  even though he is aware the action will further erode his popularity  and authority.
Barrow is eventually persuaded to back down.
Though he was guilty and deserved to be.
However this decision only further undermines his authority.
Sinclair along treat him with a renewed lack of respect.
Barrow then discovers.
Other senior officers believe it is Sinclair who is really running the battalion because he forced Barrow to dismiss the charges.
Realising  Barrow shoots himself.
His authority will never be accepted.
Sinclair realises.
He is to blame.
He calls the officers and announces plans for a grandiose funeral fit for a field marshal  complete with a march through the town.
Which all the tunes will be played by the pipers.
Sinclair insists.
When it is pointed out how the plans are to the circumstances  especially given the manner of the colonel s death.
It was not suicide.
Minutes later  Sinclair suffers a nervous breakdown and is escorted.
The officers and men salute as he passes.
<EOS>
Laura and Steven Harding move to the town of Stepford  Connecticut.
Where Steven had lived.
Steven is disturbed.
Laura is occupied.
Steven joins the Men s Association.
Is still assimilating their wives.
This time  they have begun to turn their out into robots as well.
The children are obedient  homework loving  accomplished droids  but.
They are assimilated.
The Hardings befriend the Gregsons  Laura.
David dates their sly humored daughter Lois.
Whom he shares a love.
Laura is confused.
When the principal discourages her plans to establish a PTA.
Mary feels unnerved.
Laura becomes aware of the disconnect between her and Steven s parenting styles.
She allows the children space.
He has become obsessed.
The night  David  Mary  and Lois become suspicious  having become obsessed with cleaning and bundt cakes.
When Sandy seemingly has changed.
They make the best -- over the local choice of big band music -- but cause a riot as the children awkwardly dance.
The kids are arrested.
Released vows to do something about the kids.
Lois calls David  upset  asking him to help her and are coming.
All the men have gathered at her house.
They escape.
Lois crashes.
When a car tries to run them.
David goes.
Where Lois lies entirely wrapped.
He sees.
When he sneaks.
One is missing in an unnatural manner as well as her vacant eyes.
He runs.
The next day  Lois appears back.
She is now a mindless cheerleader.
Who dates a boy she previously had dismissed.
David and Laura visit the Gregsons.
Where she witnesses the change as well.
Laura finds.
Mary has also changed  discarding all her individuality.
Laura digs open the grave  and finds an android in the coffin.
Returning home  Laura learns Steven has taken David out.
Before Mary s duplicate attacks Laura.
Mary malfunctions escapes.
Laura goes   she discovers the true Mary strapped to a table.
Investigating a greenhouse.
They are surrounded.
Who are going to make them into docile drones.
Having escaped his father earlier  David bursts in and causes a diversion  allowing Laura and Mary a reprieve.
Damage to the machines causes an explosion.
Destroys the Men s Association  its members and the half-processed children.
Laura and the kids race out.
<EOS>
Mercenary John Seeger is the best.
Seeger and his crew are battling soldiers in Southern Africa.
They re trying to hold the French Ambassador and his family hostage while there s a coup going on.
John gets steamed  blowing the mission and getting his best friend.
When some blow up the Ambassador and his family.
Radio Jones killed.
John heads back.
S.
A.
And goes  tells her the news  and then promises her.
He ll take care.
Shortly  Shondra and Eddie get kidnapped.
He makes that vow however.
They were kidnapped.
Who want to use them to force John.
Kamal Dasan  the son  has been arrested and thrown into the Randveld Prison outside of Cape Town  South Africa  so John must go there and break Kamal out of prison.
John wants to see Shondra and Eddie alive again.
John is.
What they do nt tell.
There s an ulterior motive  and that they intend to use John as a patsy in their plan to rip off a highly secured African bank.
They do nt care.
Who gets killed.
And it turns out.
The whole thing was a screw-job engineered by Dresham and Chapel.
John sets out to rescue Shondra and Eddie.
John and his crew break Kamal out and stop the robbery.
<EOS>
The film uses archived letters  speeches and documents to cover Bartolomeo Vanzetti s arrival the United States  his involvement with Nicola Sacco  and the events of his trial leading up to his execution in Massachusetts in.
<EOS>
Juana are in anguish  the local doctor refuses to treat the child.
Their little son Coyotito was stung.
The boy is taken.
Later the doctor and his brother  a loan shark meet Kino again.
He finds an expensive pearl and decide to steal it.
<EOS>
A master German spy named.
Franz Strendler has cost the British dearly.
They send for their best agent  currently undercover in Germany.
Pilot Frank Bennett is sent to pick him up  but the Germans are forewarned.
Bennett is shot down.
Luckily  he survives and rescued.
He is tended.
He recovers.
However  she is herself a spy.
She is soon recalled to receive a high honor and undertake a new mission.
Posing  she infiltrates the London household.
A refugee named Frances Hautry.
She takes her orders.
However  unbeknownst  he is a British double agent.
He later secretly reports.
Yeats recognizes it.
When Bennett s secretary taps out a secret message on her typewriter.
He sets a trap.
Only Hautry is also.
A captured spy named Kurz seemingly escapes and flees to Hautry s bedroom.
She hides him  but then betrays him.
When Yeats and his men show up.
Afterwards  she tells Valdar.
She knew Kurz was an imposter.
He is surprised to find his former nurse there and.
When Frank Bennett unexpectedly shows up.
Hautry is forced to reveal.
She is loyal.
However  Valdar overhears their conversation.
That night  the British cabinet meets.
It is the moment.
Valdar has been waiting.
He forces Hautry.
Where he has a bomb set to blow the house up.
Hautry tells Valdar.
To make up a story to allay Frank s suspicions and is loyal.
Convinced  Valdar finally reveals.
When she shows him the award she was given.
He is Strendler.
Fortunately  Valdar has been.
Yeats and his men rush.
Hautry reveals her true allegiance.
When Valdar escapes.
Valdar rushes.
Ironically a German Zeppelin air raid bombs the place and kills him and his confederates.
<EOS>
A tough female private detective investigates her death.
<EOS>
A British couple visits Assam looking.
Who was once a tea planter.
An underground rebel group kidnaps the couple.
But being unable to communicate  the outfit picks up an educated but frustrated youth.
Who is fluent.
Eager to be a part  the boy readily jumps in.
But  Manab  the protagonist  discovers.
The idea he had was entirely wrong.
He decides to help the British couple escape.
He is killed in a crossfire with all the militants present in the scene.
<EOS>
Unni is wrongly accused in Dubai.
Sheikh Al Mubharak Rasim Khalid tells Unni s brother Nandagopalan Vishwanathan.
He can release Unni if he gets he can get a letter that they have pardoned Unni and all the members of Unni s family should sign the letter.
Nandagopalan goes.
Little does.
Nandu know that the Shiekh is trying to fool him as well as he was written something else.
Forms the rest.
How Nandu convinces Unni s family to get the signatures and how he rescues Unni.
<EOS>
The film is based by the same name  written by Norwegian author Jostein Gaarder.
The main character is the young boy Georg.
Who one day finds a long letter.
The letter tells  for the mysterious orange girl  and leaves a mystery for Georg to solve.
The story leaps back and forth to the future  the young boy s thoughts and the events of the father s life.
<EOS>
The story begins playing a game of cards with Dolores trying to convince Dwayne to take a cat.
Harold found.
Dwayne thinks and refuses to take it.
There is clearly something wrong.
One afternoon  Dwayne Nina.
Dwayne excuses himself claiming.
He forgot something.
We see a frantic Dwayne rushing.
He grabs a small red box a rose and some champagne.
He finds his roommate  Michael  and his new transgender girlfriend waiting there.
When he returns however.
He quickly puts the ring away.
He and Nina head.
Dwayne fails to stop for a stop sign and is pulled over by a cop.
Who asks him to step out.
He spots the ring and tells Dwayne.
Nina is way out.
To enjoy it.
It lasts.
This makes.
Dwayne question himself and his relationship.
The family has a debate over the difference between saying this Saturday and next Saturday.
Dwayne  having had enough  proposes to Nina offhandedly.
She says yes.
As Mai walks in.
Mai lets the family  she s located their birth mother  Thanh.
She s flying her.
Dolores takes the news hard and worries  running off.
She ll be replaced.
Nina follows behind.
Harold is more optimistic.
Dwayne pretends to be indifferent.
There is a brief flashback.
When Mai was young.
She yells.
You re not my mother and runs.
This particular scene makes it obvious.
Mai and Dolores have never quite learned to get along.
Mai cries.
When she sees her mother  while Dwayne has no reaction.
It is clear.
They all sit down.
Dolores feels like she is being replaced.
Thanh demands to go despite the extensive preparations.
Everyone goes to leave.
Mai has made at her house.
Thanh worries and does nt think.
Nina is the right girl and tells Mai.
Nina goes and tells her.
She ought to be more affectionate.
Nina feels.
She has been affectionate enough.
Mai tells her.
She should try harder.
Harold s birthday arrives and no one shows up.
Dolores has a fit and blames it Harold gets frustrated and has a heart attack.
Mai rushes.
The two have a fight.
Dolores blames Mai saying.
We ve served our purpose you do nt need us anymore.
The doctor tells.
The two that Harold will be ok.
Dolores tries to apologize.
Mai leaves telling Dolores to spend time.
The next day Dwayne calls to tell Dolores.
He s heard the news.
Dolores is clearly upset.
He was nt there and so is Dwayne.
Wanting to be more affectionate  Nina prepares a big dinner.
Dwayne arrives and suggests the two break up.
Finally  there is an all out war.
When Michael s girlfriend literally lifts Dolores and Thanh.
The next day Mai comes over to help.
Dolores says.
She does nt need help.
Mai goes in to hug her  this is the first time.
There is a sense.
Mai realizes.
Dolores has been more and treated her far better than Thanh.
Mai  Dolores  and Harold discuss the fact.
Dwayne has broken up.
Everyone thinks.
He s stupid.
Mai tells Dwayne.
Nina has accepted a job and is going to take it.
Dwayne realizes.
He s made a huge mistake and runs to go find her.
Eventually he does.
Everyone finally gets along.
The movie ends.
Which Dolores and Thanh nod and play a game of Monopoly together.
<EOS>
The local government are planning the construction of a motorway exit with a fast-food restaurant.
Which they need the property.
She regains popularity among the villagers and prevents the mayors numerous plots to get his hands on her land from succeeding.
The mayor thinks.
When she dies.
He has won.
Johannes tricks them.
She left a will leaving her entire property.
A fight starts.
Which the mayor has to abandon his plans.
<EOS>
Hanna is a 15-year-old girlSeth Lochhead and David Farr.
Hanna Screenplay  production draft desert   Miles.
Where Hanna meets Sebastian and Rachel  a bohemian British couple  Sophie  and their younger son.
She sneaks and hitches a ferry ride to Spain  with the goal of reaching Germany.
She and Sophie become close  and spend some time meeting.
Meanwhile  Wiegler hires.
A former agent called Isaacs to capture Hanna before she can reunite.
Hanna travels.
They drive north.
Isaacs and his men trail them and eventually corner Hanna and the family.
She manages to escape  killing one.
Wiegler arrives  interrogates the family  and finds.
That Hanna is heading.
Arriving.
Her father had told her.
Who lives themed house in an abandoned amusement park.
It s Hanna s 16th birthday.
Knepler makes her breakfast  and lets her listen to some music.
She has not had access in the forest.
Hanna plans to rendezvous.
However  Wiegler and Isaacs arrive.
Hanna escapes.
Wiegler and Isaacs make comments.
Before she overhears.
Suggest Erik is not her real father.
Now confused  she eventually meets her father.
Where Wiegler had tried to find her.
Hanna then learns  Erik was actually once a recruiter.
Erik is not her father.
Which pregnant women were recruited so.
The C.
I.
A.
Could alter their children s DNA  enhancing their strength  stamina  and reflexes.
Suppressing emotions in order to create a batch of.
However  the project was shut down.
Their genetically-modified children were eliminated.
Erik tried to escape.
Wiegler attacked their vehicle.
Where two-year-old Hanna had been reading her Grimm s Fairy Tales.
Wiegler shot Johanna   its bumper angled up.
Who then collapsed after making away some distance from the burning car.
Erik managed to escape.
Wiegler and Isaacs arrive  intent  Erik acts as a distraction to allow Hanna to escape.
Erik kills Isaacs  but is shot and killed.
Who then goes back.
Hanna is there  having just discovered Knepler dead  his corpse hung upside down.
Hanna and Wiegler confront one another.
Hanna pleads to the killing  saying.
She does nt want to hurt anyone else.
Wiegler says.
She just wants to talk.
Hanna starts walking away.
Upset  Wiegler shoots Hanna.
Who responds.
Hanna is knocked.
She gets up  gets her bearings and follows Wiegler  noticing a deer  and then seeing Wiegler fleeing up a nearby water slide.
An unarmed Hanna chases Wiegler.
Wiegler continually shoots.
It becomes clear.
A disoriented Wiegler falls and slides down the water flume right  dropping her handgun.
When she is about to shoot Hanna.
Hanna follows the wounded Wiegler  picks up the dropped gun  comments.
She just barely missed Wiegler s heart  and shoots her.
The bookend scene mirrors the opening.
Which Hanna hunts and kills the reindeer.
<EOS>
The scenario opens by character actor George Macready about superstition and the abilities of vampires.
A truck is loaded.
The cargo is revealed to be a coffin.
It climbs.
Donna hosts a seance.
Are several of her friends and Yorga  a mysterious Bulgarian mystic.
Who performs the seance.
Donna becomes hysterical.
Yorga uses hypnosis to calm her.
Erica and her boyfriend Paul offer to drive the Count home.
The party is over.
Experiencing car trouble outside  the two resign themselves to spend the night in their van.
Yorga watches the couple copulate  then attacks them.
The following day Paul tells Michael  Donna s boyfriend.
Paul did nt see their attacker.
Erica does nt remember the attack at all.
Erica visits Dr Hayes to have the mysterious bite wounds.
Erica now seems despondent and listless.
Hayes notices.
She has lost a lot.
Unable to diagnose the cause  he recommends rest and a high protein diet.
Paul and Michael discuss the strange changes.
Unable to reach her  the concerned men drive to her home.
They find the place.
An hysterical Erica eating her pet kitten.
She reacts erratically  first threatening them with violence and then attempting to seduce Paul before coming to her senses and breaking down.
They restrain her and call Dr Hayes.
Who begins an emergency blood transfusion.
Erica babbles incoherently and begs Paul to kill her.
Meanwhile  Yorga awakens and heads to his throne room.
Where his vampiric brides lie.
He awakens two and watches.
They have sex.
The three men consider the possibility as an excuse for Erica s behavior.
Michael is skeptical.
That night  Yorga visits Erica.
Paul sleeps downstairs.
Promising her immortality  he drains Erica and completes her transformation before taking her back to his manor to add Erica as his third female vampire servant.
Paul   rashly goes to Yorga s mansion to rescue her.
Yorga easily kills him.
Michael alerts Hayes.
Paul has gone.
Hayes confides.
Paul s lack will probably lead to his death.
Hayes considers his girlfriend s advice  citing a baby being found drained  to involve the police.
He is rejected.
Hayes  Michael and Donna go to inquire about Paul s whereabouts and keep Yorga active until sunrise.
Brudah rebuffs Michael s attempts to explore the mansion.
Hayes distracts Yorga.
Michael and Hayes switch places to keep Yorga  but Yorga becomes increasingly insistent.
His guests must leave.
Yorga distracts Hayes.
Yorga strengthens his hypnotic control.
Hayes convinces Michael  vampires have greater strength and the wisdom.
Killing Yorga will not be easy.
Comes. 
He also grimly adds.
They might have to kill Paul and Erica too if they have become vampires.
They plan to attack later that afternoon.
Michael and Donna rest.
Hayes studies vampire lore until he too falls asleep.
Yorga awakens Donna telepathically and summons her back.
Brudah rapes her.
Michael oversleeps due.
It s nearly evening.
When he calls to awaken Hayes.
They stock up crosses before heading to Yorga s mansion.
Night falls.
They split up.
Hayes is confronted.
Both drop the pretense.
Yorga is anything.
Yorga leads Hayes.
Where his vampire brides lie dormant.
Hayes finds Erica s apparently lifeless body  and attacks Yorga  while yelling out for Michael.
Yorga is irritated.
He commands his brides.
They attack and drain the helpless Hayes.
Yorga reunites Donna.
Michael finds Paul s mutilated body.
Brudah attacks him.
Michael stabs him -- presumably.
Michael finds Hayes.
He lay dying.
Hayes tells Michael.
Where Donna is  just.
Michael fends them off and is given the chance Erica.
Who oddly waits to do so.
She s no longer the Erica he knows.
Bruddah emerges from the living room  holding his profusely bleeding knife wound  but still intent on attacking Michael.
Michael -- somewhat stunned -- moves up the staircase.
Bruddah still lives.
Bruddah collapses -- finally dying.
Upstairs  Michael confronts Yorga and Donna s mother.
Yorga pushes Donna s mother and flees out the room.
Michael follows.
Yorga ambushes him.
Michael rams the charging Yorga  killing him.
Donna mourns her mother a second time.
Michael collects her.
He and Donna watch Yorga turn before turning to leave.
They are confronted.
Who   still remain under the vampire curse carrying out his will.
They chase the two downstairs.
Repealed. 
Erica glances ominously.
The two are forced back and.
Michel locks them and takes Donna s hand believing it over.
Donna  having been fully transformed  lunges at him fangs bared.
As he turns to leave.
He was too late to prevent Yorga.
The narrator disputes.
Vampirism is just superstition.
<EOS>
A punch-drunk boxer is set up.
The highlight is the performance of Steve Buscemi as the oily  mob-connected fight promoter Nicky.
Eddie is the addle-brained boxer.
Nicky hangs out to dry.
<EOS>
The film tells the story.
Whose conviction was set aside after he had spent almost 20 years in prison.
Narrating Carter s life  the film concentrates.
It describes his fight.
He copes in prison.
An underprivileged youth from Brooklyn  Lesra Martin  becomes interested in Carter s life and destiny after reading Carter s autobiography  and convinces his Canadian foster family to commit themselves to his case.
The story culminates.
Lee Sarokin for the District of New Jersey.
Rubin Hurricane Carter was a top-ranked middleweight boxer.
Whom many fans expected to become the world s greatest champion.
Driving home  were stopped and interrogated by the police.
When three victims  specifically the club s bartender and a male and a female costumer  were shot in a bar in Paterson  New Jersey  Carter and his friend John Artis.
Thus  were never suspects  a man named.
Alfred Bello  a suspect himself  claimed that Carter and Artis were present at the time of the murders.
Carter and Artis were convicted of murder  claiming.
Carter and Artis were the main suspects.
Carter was given three consecutive life sentences.
Carter proclaimed his innocence  proving.
His African-American race  his boxing career and status and his work were the real reasons for his conviction.
Eight years later  Bello and a co-suspect  Arthur Bradley   renounced and recanted their testimony.
Who also claimed that Carter was present.
Carter and Artis were convicted once again.
Brooklyn teenager Lesra Martin worked with a trio of Canadian activists to push the State of New Jersey to reinvestigate and rescrutinize Carter s case.
A Federal District Court ruled.
The prosecution committed grave constitutional violations and that his conviction was based on racism rather than facts.
Carter was finally freed.
He summed up his story.
<EOS>
The characters Barb and her brother Johnny arrive late for their aunt s funeral and find the cemetery overrun with zombies.
Barb flees the cemetery and is rescued.
Johnny abandons her.
The two seek refuge  and attempt to live through the night along with other survivors  including the pyrophobic mortician  Gerald Tovar  Jr.
Tom and Judy are attacked.
Barb and Ben attempt to convince the Cooper family that the zombies are heading.
Barb and the rest of the household attempt to save her.
They are too late.
He explains.
When Tovar arrives.
What is happening.
Owen the farmhand and Karen succumb bites and become undead.
Barb and Ben leave to.
What they believe is safety  while Henry and Hellie barricade themselves upstairs.
Henry   decide to commit suicide  and do so.
Who was bitten and thus doomed to become a zombie  and Hellie  who is completely distraught over the death of her stepdaughter and the eventual reanimation of Henry.
Tovar knocks Ben out and reveals.
He was the one who brought the zombies back  even so much as bringing his own father back and feeding him with his own blood.
Barb sets the house.
Tovar catches her and brings her back.
Ultimately  Tovar plans to have Barb reborn.
Barb gets the upper hand and throws him.
Who devour him.
Barb and Ben escape and lock the other zombies.
Ben realizes  moments later  he transforms.
He has been impaled  but is apparently unharmed.
Barb uses the last bullet to kill him.
The zombies break.
<EOS>
Lieutenant Sam Lawson  USN  is a Japanese language interpreter.
Who -- so far -- has avoided combat.
His commanding officer unexpectedly cancels his leave and informs Lawson.
He is to be assigned for a combat mission.
The British base is  several hundred yards from the edge of the jungle  on the other side of the jungle.
Is a Japanese observation and communications post.
A patrol of British soldiers sprint out of the jungle and across the open field  pursued by the Japanese.
The base commander  Col.
Thompson  instructs his men to keep well back  out  they watch.
The patrol are cut down.
Lawson s commando group is instructed to destroy the Japanese radio transmitter to prevent them.
Is scheduled to appear.
The post s radio operator transmits  it will be Lawson s job to transmit a fake signal to buy the Allies another 24 hours.
An all s well signal every night.
The commando group is led.
Who apparently has a history.
The squad reaches the Japanese post.
Tosh mutters  was entirely due to Hornsby s incompetence.
The dead men seem to have been the victims.
Hornsby leaves him behind  shortly thereafter  Johnstone is discovered.
When Johnstone is wounded.
Hornsby decides to use the Japanese radio.
Scott drops and breaks the radio Lawson was to use.
Lawson flatly refuses to take part  giving the excuse.
Hornsby is disobeying their orders.
Nevertheless  Hornsby walks boldly and enters the radio hut without being spotted  he knocks out the radio operator and motions to Lawson and Scott.
Scott goes.
Lawson refuses to go.
The Japanese radio operator comes.
Both Scott and Hornsby are killed.
Lawson is now the ranking officer .
Only Tosh  Campbell  Jock  Griffiths  and Rogers left alive.
Jock has been wounded.
Japanese Major Yamaguchi is determined to stop them they have discovered.
Yamaguchi exhorts the men to give themselves up.
Lawson and Tosh agree  but Campbell is favour.
Yamaguchi is not to be trusted.
He works.
Jock weakens.
Finally   Campbell tries to sneak off.
Lawson and Tosh are asleep.
Jock spots him and asks.
Where he s going.
Campbell strangles Jock  wakes Griffiths and Rogers.
The three run off.
Yamaguchi attempts to use the lives as bargaining chips.
Yamaguchi announces  Japanese soldiers have the field covered.
Lawson and Tosh reach the edge.
They have three minutes to surrender.
Lawson suggests.
They give Yamaguchi a taste.
They double back and shoot him.
They then sprint out.
First one  then the other is hit.
One rises and staggers to safety.
It is Tosh.
Tosh replies  A hero.
When Colonel Thompson asks who the other man was.
He killed fifteen Japs single-handed -- thirty.
You like.
<EOS>
Gator McKlusky has been just released and is living in the Okefenokee Swamp with his father and daughter.
Federal agents know.
He is still making moonshine and use this information to coerce him into assisting them to catch a corrupt politician.
<EOS>
The plot is an intricately woven one.
It starts with the story of Ashok.
Who is a wealthy industrialist s only son.
He is passionate.
He befriends Vinod.
Who is passionate  its his dream to make India s fastest train.
Rakesh shares same passion.
Randhir is to make a better train than Vinod s.
Childhood turns both attend a dance function organized by the Indian Railways.
This is.
Where Ashok and Vinod fall with two beautiful women  Seema and Sheetal.
Ashok is now deeply.
They are planning to get married.
Vinod is married.
They have a son Raju.
One day Vinod   gets awarded to build a super-fast express train between New Delhi and Mumbai.
Who is now a top notch railway engineer.
Rakesh is his assistant.
Randhir  the losing engineer and ex-lover  swears revenge and leaves.
Seema leaves.
The three friends celebrate Vinod s success.
Ashok hears.
His father has died.
He rushes and finds out.
His father was.
He is left.
He gets a letter.
He is still recovering.
She was interested as a rich man.
He is now poor.
Heartbroken  Ashok leaves town.
Six years pass.
Vinod has completely focused.
She comes to fetch him for their anniversary party.
He refuses to go.
The next day is the train s inaugural journey.
Heartbroken  she puts her son  Raju  to go to her mother  and leaves Vinod.
Iftekhar  their boss  asks Vinod to go by flight for the arrival of the train.
Vinod refuses saying.
He needs to be.
So his assistant and friend Rakesh goes instead.
The train starts.
Where a lot board.
Prem Nath is a devout Hindu priest.
Om Shivpuri is a royal king  Raja Mam Mohan  traveling.
Ranjeet is a smuggler fleeing.
Sujeet Kumar is an undercover police officer dressed.
Asrani is an ex-Army colonel P.
K.
Bhandari.
Keshto Mukherjee and Paintal are traveling.
Simi Grewal is a school teacher  taking a group to Mumbai.
Neetu Singh is fleeing home to escape a forced marriage.
Ravi is a small-time thief.
Who tries to befriend Neetu Singh to steal her jewellery.
Seema is traveling with her cousin.
Who is a doctor.
Rakesh s pregnant wife is traveling with her mother.
Ashok also quietly boards the train and is shocked to see Seema.
That he can be a part.
He sees her and mistakes him as her husband.
He snaps  but befriends Raju after recognizing him.
She can say anything.
Unknown  Randhir has put a bomb in the engine at the Mathura Railway station and disengaged the vacuum brakes.
That even guard would nt be able to stop the train.
The bomb was timed to explode halfway.
He hopes to sabotage the train and thereby destroy Vinod s reputation to the lives of the passengers.
Meanwhile Ashok leaves the train.
He does not wanted to travel in the train.
He meets Randhir.
Where Randhir tells him that he has fulfilled his.
Knowing this Ashok immediately leaves to catch the train.
That he can save his friend s train and save passengers.
He manages to catch the train but is too late.
Halfway  the bomb explodes killing the drivers Jeevan Lal and Dango and destroying the brakes and accelerator.
Ashok goes and goes to the engine compartment and saves the guard and brings him back.
Vinod   talks through All India Radio and asks them to go to the engine compartment and apply the emergency brakes.
Who is desperately trying to save their lives.
The radio broadcast completely panics all passengers and the train cooks come running to find out.
What happened.
They leave the cooking gas on.
The news also panics the relatives.
Who are waiting.
They besiege Vinod.
Sheetal also comes and shouts at him asking him to save their son  Raju.
Ashok  Ravi and the guard climb and try to reach the engine.
Meanwhile  Rakesh s wife enters.
Labor and Seema s doctor cousin attends  asking for some hot water.
A cook lights a match to heat up some water.
The open gas explodes killing the guard Osman Ali  the cook and several passengers.
Half the train starts burning.
Ashok and Ravi barely make.
It back and put up some gaps between the burning compartments and the passengers.
Vinod tries another effort.
Randhir sabotages this mission.
He drops on but does nothing leading Ashok and his superiors to believe.
He is dead.
Meanwhile Ashok finds out.
Seema left him.
She had lost her leg back from the pilgrimage.
She did nt want to be a burden in his poverty and decided to go away.
They patch up.
Ravi and Neetu also fall.
Sheetal also comes back and apologizes for her behavior.
She gives him courage to save the train.
Rakesh   tries to build a steep incline quickly.
Who is.
Will reduce the speed once it reaches Mumbai and may yet stop the train.
He is running out.
The train is speeding and is just hours from reaching it.
Vinod tries one last effort.
He asks Ashok and Ravi to come up top and throws a rope saying.
He will come over and stop the train himself.
Ranjeet tries to escape.
He will be arrested.
Asrani tries to stop.
Ranjeet throws him.
Ashok fights Ranjeet.
Who falls off the train.
Vinod comes over.
He says.
He has brought fireproof suits and some dynamite.
They will wear the suits  go  and apply the emergency brakes.
Vinod  Ashok and Ravi go.
Where they find Randhir.
Randhir tries to kill Vinod but falls off the train.
They reach the engine to find.
The drivers are dead.
All systems have failed.
Ashok comes up.
Vinod disagrees saying.
Passenger compartments will derail if blasted off  but then remembers the incline being built by Rakesh.
They send Ravi back to warn the passengers and to ask everyone to tie themselves.
Vinod asks Rakesh to clear the incline area.
Though it is nt completely ready.
Ashok and he set up the dynamite charges.
They blast the dynamite and jump off the slowing engine.
The train starts climbing.
The engine blasts and stops on the road.
But the passenger compartment slows down and comes.
All passengers get off safely.
Vinod and Ashok happily come walking.
They re hurt but alive.
Everyone connects.
The film ends to the soul of India.
<EOS>
Having no family  Marshall Hogan III has been granted residency.
But Hogan has a sexual habit.
Makes Spence s dad and girlfriend fear that Spence could adopt it  too.
It is an attraction.
Not just plain old.
Hogan makes out with his much older professor just before the graduation ceremony.
He dances intimately with the much older wife of the party s host.
The host is a lawyer.
Whom Spence s father asked in hiring Spence for residency.
Hogan and the host s wife disappear.
Everybody sees her mounting him.
When a poolside s cabana s wall breaks down.
Losing his chance  Spence s father has to ask for a favor from the worst possible candidate - the most evil divorce lawyer in town  Mr Stack.
Nevertheless  Spence coaxes his father to get the same job.
Thus the two best friends.
Begin to work together.
Alas  the divorce lawyers know.
They need their recommendation in order to be accepted.
Therefore  they abuse them  from physical chores to doing risky and illegal PI work.
Spence feels.
His life is nt going well.
One errand has Spence and Hogan delivering divorce papers.
Other middle aged women are also.
Hogan spontaneously invites them all.
It gives him an idea.
That is  forming Cougar Club - a place to meet older women.
Expensive membership fees would provide access.
Their first client is a pre-Bar examination law graduate.
Who up has had sex by masturbating.
He gains revenge.
When the guys set him up.
Meanwhile  Spence and Hogan each have sex.
Living  Spence s parents - accompanied by their lawyer - return by surprise from a vacation.
Spence manages to hide the sexually engaged guests.
Only the wife is caught and spotted by her lawyer husband  Mr Stack.
He has slept.
Said husband finds papers.
Spence left about Cougar Club.
He realizes.
They slept.
He tips.
The police and a detective infiltrates the next party.
He arrests them.
When Spence and Hogan ask him.
The lawyer then casually walks and fires them.
Spence returns.
She begins planning a wedding.
Hogan   eventually approaches Spence - luring the vengeful lawyers to bomb his car and get arrested for terrorist acts.
Who crashes in.
Spence confesses.
The plan is carried out.
He does nt really love her.
He never even asked her to marry him  and once again becomes best friends.
Spence and Hogan use the questionable yet free services of their friend.
Who has now passed the bar exam.
The judge asks to see them.
Hogan contends to running a legit dating service as a true cougar fan.
She considers acquitting them.
Spence proves he feels.
Wearing revealing clothes  she kisses Spence.
He goes along.
They make out right.
Spence invites the lawyer s wife.
She never shows up.
He is still thrilled.
When a new cougar - the judge - arrives to celebrate.
Spence and Hogan expand the business via a statewide bus tour with club members and cougars alike.
<EOS>
The film opens.
He fights Mickey Sheehan.
The movie opens.
They enter the fifth Round.
Jake delivers Mickey a lightning fast  instantly killing him.
Kick. 
Seeing  he decides to give up kickboxing once and.
What he had done.
A year later  a friend and manager Vinny Petrello asks him.
He agrees to help his friend.
Jake s evening is interrupted.
Jake Raye travels  and meets up with local fighters John Jones  Sal Taylor  Manny Rivera  and Tobo Casenerra.
He also meets up  the head of the Dojo.
Thugs attack Jake  and is helped.
Mariella betrays him.
The thugs enter the safehouse.
Dieter drugs Raye  and puts him.
Raye is re-acquained and meets another fighter named Ernesto.
It is revealed.
Su is the one who bring the fighters called Paradise.
It is also revealed.
Vinny is helping Su get the fighters there.
The fighters briefly rebel giving Jake Raye time to escape.
Soon Raye has a change and decides to free the other fighters.
He makes it back  and is helped once more by Mariella.
Mariella and Raye uncover a plot to give anabolic steroids to each of his fighters before the match.
Jake Raye takes out some guards and knocked unconscious  pretending to be in trouble.
He is discovered.
Jake is taken.
Where Su  Vinny  and his guests are awaiting the matching.
Both John and Ernest die  the remaining surviving fighters manage to escape and beat all the guards.
Battling their opponents the help.
Bobby shoots Dieter.
The film ends.
Jake defeats Su kick off the balcony.
The five people begin to walk off Paradise forever.
<EOS>
Dr John Beck  recently married  decides to take his wife  Cathy  spelunking.
Dr Beck   is bitten.
There. 
Who specializes.
He is then  inexplicably  transformed.
It is clear.
He escapes and seeks help.
The treatments are not working.
They are aggravating his condition.
Dr Beck unwittingly goes.
<EOS>
The story follows two out.
Mel works part time.
They learn.
Screenwriter Fritz Frobisher  who had violently abused the two actors during a childhood acting job  will be appearing at a screening of one of his films that will take place in Monument Valley.
The two decide to travel to the screening.
Neither owns a car  so they convince Mel s daughter  Delilah  to drive them.
<EOS>
Buffalo Bill and Wild Bill Hickok join forces to establish a mail route from St.
Joseph  Missouri.
They battle the weather  hostile Indians and California secessionists intent on shutting the operation down to encourage California to secede from the Union.
<EOS>
The film opens watching a lavish 1929 Broadway show  featuring a giant gold mine production number.
Famous guitarist Nick Lucas sings Painting the Clouds.
Climaxes. 
Backstage  the star fights over Nick with another girl.
Also introduced are a group.
Who are ` man hungry.
They are all looking  but are not sure.
Is the more important.
They are visited.
Who is reduced.
They gossip.
They all want a man.
Businessman Stephen Lee angrily forbids his nephew Wally to marry Violet  one.
A corpulent lawyer friend  Blake  advises him to befriend the showgirl first.
The showgirls are friends.
Who stick together.
The most raucous girl called.
Mabel takes a fancy  calling him ` sweetie  and showing her appreciation by singing him a song.
That evening  they all visit a huge nightclub.
Mabel ends up.
Showgirl Jerry moves the party.
Everyone gets drunk.
Lee decides.
He is ` getting to like these showgirls.
Blake says.
He is ` losing his mind or just plain mad.
Keeping the fun going  Lucas sings Tiptoe.
Complications come thick and fast  with both Blake and Lee falling under the spell of Mabel and Jerry.
The party ends.
Everyone has left.
She gets him more drunk.
Tipping her own drinks away when he is not looking.
Her aim is to get Lee to agree to allow Wally to marry.
To do this  she lies and is shown up.
Who accidentally finds them together.
Next morning  Jerry feels disgraced.
Mabel has been given an extra line.
I am the spirit and the progress of civilisation   but can not get the words right.
Lucas is told off and sings another I do without you.
What will.
Ann Pennington fights and hurts her eye.
Jerry is asked to take her place.
Mabel receives a proposal from Blake  but worries about her extra line.
The show starts.
Shows girl tulips.
Backstage  Uncle Steve comes back to give his consent and to tell Jerry.
He wants to marry her.
The finale starts.
Various acrobats and girls litter the stage.
All the songs are reprised.
This ends.
The music reaches a climax.
Mabel then says her line  but forgets the end.
<EOS>
A Texas community is beset involving some of the students from the local college.
The sheriff investigating the deaths discovers the startling identity responsible for the murders.
A NASA experiment involving cosmic rays has mutated an ape and turned it.
<EOS>
Willy and Lacey watch their mother with her lover and are punished for it.
Willy is gagged and tied but Lacey frees him.
He proceeds to stab the man.
Lacey is married with a young son and lives with her aunt and uncle on a farm.
Willy also lives  but has not spoken a word.
The night he killed his mother s lover.
Lacey is afraid.
Something s going to happen and has nightmares where she is tied and threatened with knives by an unseen person.
Her husband takes her.
They decide to visit both Lacey s mother and the house.
She grew up.
However  Lacey sees a reflection of her mother s lover coming towards her in a mirror in the bedroom.
Where he died  and smashes the mirror.
Her husband takes the broken mirror in an attempt to repair it.
A piece is left.
Later glows red as the three children are killed by an unseen force.
Willy is also having problems - seeing his reflection in one causes him to nearly strangle a girl.
So he paints all the mirrors.
Later  pieces cause a pitchfork to levitate and nearly stab him.
A piece becomes lodged over Lacey s eye.
She becomes possessed.
It is only.
The shard is removed and thrown.
The remainder is thrown into a well.
Where the same thing happens.
The film ends.
<EOS>
The film is.
Whose neighborhood gets bombed.
He then becomes part.
The Film is raising the voice.
Have been a target.
The hatred towards America ignites the feeling of revenge in the other family members.
Is further exploited.
The film also depicts the contradiction.
Though Pakistan is blamed  it is yet the biggest victim of terrorism.
<EOS>
White Sara Kate marries Gaten Hill  a black widowed father.
Gaten dies in an auto crash.
So Sara has to take care.
Problem is she.
Clover have not exactly bonded.
Several object to her being Clover s guardian.
<EOS>
Several investors convene to view the exquisite diamond found by Falcon.
Who used their investments.
It seems.
Everybody has a plan to obtain the diamond.
<EOS>
Set  Cheri tells the story of the end of a six-year affair between an aging retired courtesan  Lea  and a flamboyant young man  Fred  nicknamed Cheri.
Their affair turns.
Lea only plans.
Which Lea has begun paying.
Cheri wears Lea s silk pajamas and pearls.
The two believe their affair to be casual.
Lea learns.
She has arranged to marry the daughter of another courtesan  a barely eighteen-year-old named Edmee.
It is made clear.
Cheri does not wish to marry Edmee.
He has no choice.
Lea kicks him out  but makes.
Cheri promise to always be gentle and kind  and to try and give her a good life.
The two part ways  and do not share glances.
Cheri agrees.
It is.
After Cheri is that both he and Lea realize they are in love with each other.
Cheri rapes Edmee and   realizes.
Taking her virginity.
While sex is strained and painful  sex with Lea was easy and fun.
Lea visits Charlotte one last time.
Which she is involved.
Meanwhile  Edmee accuses Cheri  and says all he ever does.
Is think.
Cheri tries opium and cocaine.
Out. 
He notices.
Lea s apartment is no longer empty.
She has returned home.
Feeling refreshed  Cheri runs home to Edmee and kindly.
Where he makes love properly.
He sends Charlotte the next day to inspect Lea s home  whereupon Lea says.
She is madly with her new suitor  and learns from Charlotte that Cheri and Edmee are crazily in love and happier than ever.
That night.
Lea is.
He loves her.
The two spend one more night together and plan.
However  Lea apologizes to Cheri for ruining him and making life too easy on him.
When they first begun their affair.
Lea tells Cheri to go back.
Their age difference would always prevent a true relationship blossoming.
Tentatively  Cheri leaves.
Lea stares.
The narrator reveals.
She is angry.
The narrator also reveals.
Cheri realizes that Lea was the only woman he could ever love.
He commits suicide.
<EOS>
Welcome presents the story of a former criminal  Jacob Sternwood.
Who is forced to return from his Icelandic hideaway when his son is involved in a heist gone wrong.
This gives detective Max Lewinsky one last chance to catch the man.
He has always been.
They start to uncover a deeper conspiracy.
They face off.
They both need to solve in order to survive.
<EOS>
Rocky Sullivan and Jerry Connolly are childhood friends.
Who robbed a railroad car.
Rocky saved Jerry s life by pulling him out of the way of a steam train.
Running. 
Rocky was then caught.
Jerry - - escaped.
Who could run faster.
Rocky   grows up to become a notorious gangster.
Jerry has become a priest.
Rocky returns.
Where Jerry is the Parish Priest and intends to keep young boys away.
Six attempts to keep his former friend from corrupting them.
Meanwhile Rocky gets involved.
They try to dispose.
He finds the record book.
They keep where they list the bribes.
Jerry learns and warns Rocky to leave.
He informs the authorities.
Rocky ignores his advice.
Jerry gets the public s attention and informs them all  causing Frazier and Keefer to plot to kill him.
Rocky overhears this plot and kills them to protect his childhood friend.
Rocky is then captured  and sentenced to die.
Jerry visits him just and asks him to do him one last favor - to die pretending to be a screaming  sniveling coward.
Would end the boys  idolization.
Rocky refuses  and insists  and not give up the one thing.
He will be tough.
He has left  his pride.
He appears to change his mind and has to be dragged to the electric chair.
The boys hear.
What happened and decide he was a coward.
Then Father Jerry asks them to say a prayer  for a boy.
Who could nt run as fast as I could.
<EOS>
He gets his best friend  gambler Adam Black  to promise to take care.
When jockey Chris Kirby is fatally injured.
Who has been raised apart.
Unbeknownst  Evelyne had been led to believe.
Adam is her father.
Adam is unable to tell her the truth  his butler and friend Bill Murray tries and fails as well.
Finally  Adam s sometime girlfriend Moira breaks the news.
Adam sends Evelyne.
She reappears unexpectedly.
When she has grown up.
Adam does not reveal  instead he tells her.
She has for gambling.
He stages illegal gambling sessions.
He makes his money.
She begins casually dating Adam s no-good brother Roddy.
She accuses him.
When Adam tells Moira that he is getting out.
Roddy has his own grudge - Adam refuses to finance a shady deal.
The two tip off the police about Adam s last operation.
Roddy also brings Evelyne to see.
What Adam really does.
Shocked  she quarrels and leaves.
A kindly gambler  Colonel Bradley  gives her some sage advice and convinces her to reconcile.
<EOS>
Law student David Clark kills best friend Art Bradley.
He flees  but later confesses.
The next morning  Howard expects his son to explain.
What happened.
Instead David merely asks the DA.
He can be after another man  Joe Elsner  is arrested.
Elsner is a bookie.
Whom the dead man owed a debt.
Marie Elsner comes  asking.
He represent her husband.
David sits.
He has always been irresponsible.
Which is why secretary Lee Pearson keeps resisting David s romantic attentions  even though she is attracted.
Howard Clark proves a key eyewitness to be a convicted perjurer.
It looks.
Elsner might be found innocent.
The stress causes him to have a fatal heart attack.
David finally realizes.
He must turn himself.
He promises Lee to lead a better life.
<EOS>
She leaves her successful high-rise lifestyle to her hometown in the Scottish Borders.
When Sarah Hopson discovers she has a brain tumour.
Where she left her widower father Frank and her childhood sweetheart Sam to pursue a career seven years ago.
Sarah finds out.
Sam  a restaurant owner  is now happily married.
This  however  does not stop her.
Is to let Sarah spend her remaining time.
<EOS>
The film follows Muhammad starting in Mecca and ending with the Muslims  triumphant return to Mecca.
Which the Muslims are persecuted.
A number are depicted.
The majority is told from the point-of-view of peripheral individuals such as Hamza ibn ` Abd al-Muttalib  Abu Sufyan and his wife Hind bint Utbah.
<EOS>
Impoverished horror writer Randolph Carter rents a room from Mrs Caprezzi  an elderly land lady.
He discovers a pool of ammonia on the floor.
Has leaked down above.
Mrs Caprezzi   regales Randolph.
Cleaning up the ammonia.
Who lives.
Later  Randolph suffers a heart attack and painfully makes his way.
Where he is treated and makes a remarkable recovery.
Befriending the doctor  Carter soon discovers the awful truth.
His room is kept intensely cold.
Separates life and death.
<EOS>
The innocent girlfriend reflects on the dark path.
Staking out his next assignment.
He s chosen but can not escape.
Torn  he finds.
The only way out is a perilous showdown.
<EOS>
The film is told.
Who is reminiscing.
Smalls moves to a new neighborhood outside Los Angeles.
One afternoon  he decides to follow a group.
He watches them play a game.
They call the Sandlot.
Smalls is reluctant to join their game.
He fears he will be ridiculed.
Nevertheless  he chooses to play  but fails to catch a simple fly ball and properly throw the ball back to his infielders.
All the other players   begin to laugh at Smalls for committing defensive miscues  prompting him to leave the sandlot in embarrassment.
Benny   shields Smalls and invites him to rejoin their game.
Who is the best player.
He proceeds to give Smalls advice and helps him earn the respect.
He begins to learn many.
Smalls continues to play.
Experiencing many misadventures.
He learns  a 300-pound English mastiff called The Beast.
Players avoid hitting home runs  as the property beyond them is guarded by a massive and ferocious dog.
The team has several misadventures.
Where Squints  who ca nt swim  deliberately jumps off  to get his lifeguard crush Wendy Peffercorn to rescue him.
He kisses her to mouth.
Although it results  it cements Squints and Wendy s relationship.
Later  the team plays a night game.
Everyone is more interested in watching the fireworks than playing.
Then the team accepts a challenge.
Whom the Sandlot kids easily defeat.
Later  they experiment  then proceed to enjoy a fast ride until they all end up puking on everyone surrounding the ride.
One day  the leather ruptures  causing the ball s entrails to come out.
Benny feels guilty.
The others are impressed.
The group does not have 98 cents to buy another baseball  and is forced to retire.
However  Smalls runs  and steals his stepfather s autographed ball   in hopes to preserve the game.
His stepfather is away.
The team is impressed  and allows him to have the first at bat with the ball.
He proceeds to hit the ball out  but is shortly enveloped by fear.
He realizes that he has lost Bill s ball.
The situation is further worsened  and is almost irreplaceable.
When Smalls realizes that the ball was autographed.
The team rebukes him.
They quickly scrap up change to buy a new ball and forge Babe Ruth s signature to cover for the missing ball.
They can think.
Thinking  Smalls and his friends begin engineering elaborate plans to recover the ball.
The Beast s owner will not give them the ball back.
Smalls prepares to accept his fate.
Benny has an enlightening dream.
Where he is visited.
Ruth leaves Benny  Heroes get remembered.
Legends never die.
Benny rallies his friends the following morning  and prepares to recover Smalls  baseball.
Using his PF Flyers  he steals the ball  and successfully manages to elude the dog.
It chases him.
And the sandlot gang follow him.
The Beast chases Benny.
Benny starts to slow down.
The beast starts to catch up.
Benny returns and hops the fence.
The race ends.
Smalls feels responsible  and helps The Beast escape the rubble.
The Beast   becomes much more friendly and affectionate towards the boys  even showing them.
Whose real name is Hercules.
Where he had buried all the baseballs that had gone.
Benny and Smalls then decide to tell the dog s owner  Mr Mertle   and reveals.
He would have given them the ball back if they had just asked him.
The rest are upset at Squints for making up the story of Mertle being ` the meanest old man.
Ever lived  and blame him.
Benny and Smalls eventually learn and was a friend.
Mr Mertle was a professional baseball player.
Mr Mertle   agrees to give Smalls a ball signed - several of the best Yankee hitters in the late.
Whose career ended after a hit blinded him.
The boys are to visit Mr Mertle once a week to talk baseball with him.
Smalls proceeds to give his stepfather the ball.
Mr Mertle gave him.
He is still upset.
Bill is pleased.
He only grounds Smalls.
Smalls goes on to explain.
What became.
Yeah Yeah s parents sent him off  after the army.
He became one.
Ham became.
A professional wrestler called The Great Hambino.
Timmy and Tommy became architects and invented mini malls.
Squints married Wendy Peffercorn  had nine kids  and bought Vincent s Drug Store.
Bertrum got really.
No one ever saw him again.
DeNunez played Triple A ball  now owns a business  and coaches a little league team  called The Heaters.
His sons play on.
Is name.
And Hercules lived to be 199 years old.
The film then jumps 30 years.
Where Smalls is a radio sports commentator.
Benny The Jet Rodriguez is one  wearing.
Benny manages to steal home  then flashes a thumbs-up to Smalls in the press box.
He is.
Smalls then stares at a group photo on his wall of him and his friends back in.
<EOS>
Radhe Mohan  a rowdy ex-college boy.
Who   loses his heart to first year student Nirjara  a traditional Brahmin girl.
Radhey is attacked  loses his mind and is admitted to an ashram.
When Nirjara reciprocates his love.
Where  it is hoped  the more traditional means could have a therapeutic effect on him.
Eventually he returns  and rushes back to Nijaras house  only to find.
She has committed suicide  because her family were forcing her to marry another man.
He returns to the ashram.
It shows Swamiji tending to nothing meaning and has left the ashram fine except for the fact.
Radhey has been cured.
He lost his love.
<EOS>
Film studio Ultimate Pictures plans.
The studio gets the help.
There s just one problem  she s afraid.
Martini and the studio soon learn  a couple of down on their luck vaudevillians with a trained lion act.
The duo agree to join Martini to Africa.
The trio finds themselves captured.
There. 
<EOS>
The film was loosely based in a German asylum.
Who became known and whose story made headlines for decades.
However  the Russian monarchist movement never backed Ms.
Anderson  nor did  played.
She ever meet.
The script plays.
Ten years have passed since the teenage Anastasia and her sisters.
Brother were presumably killed.
Bergman and Hayes take the measure of each other  alternately projecting imperial self-possession and the anguish of family longing.
Meanwhile Bounine has become increasingly jealous the fortune-hunting Prince Paul pays to Anna.
Which her engagement is to be announced.
Who subsequently elopes.
A series throughout appear to suggest.
The film does not reveal whether Anna really is the Romanov princess.
She is.
The gradual realisation is juxtaposed upon the romantic interest.
Develops. 
Hayes summons.
All her stage experience to deliver the celebrated last line  summing up the film s poignant exploration.
Asked  she declares  I will tell them  go home.
She will explain the vanishing.
The play is over.
<EOS>
The film is based.
Occurred November 1990 in New Zealand.
The small coastal community of Aramoana stretches along a narrow sandy spit.
Pokes out.
The name Aramoana is Maori.
Aramoana is an idyllic and peaceful place to live  a beautiful coastal part  near.
Where albatrosses come to roost.
But November 1990  Aramoana turns into hell on earth.
Resident David Gray  an unemployed gun fanatic and collector  goes.
Which he fatally shoots 13 people.
<EOS>
Three plastic toys named.
Cowboy  Indian and Horse share a house.
Cowboy and Indian plan to surprise Horse.
However  they accidentally order 50 million bricks.
They actually require.
This sets off a chain as the trio travel to the center of the earth  trek across frozen tundra and discover a parallel underwater universe of pointy-headed creatures.
<EOS>
An Englishman  Richard Lavender  is travelling to Australia on a ship.
Where he meets the beautiful Kitty Aronson.
He is falsely accused and is arrested.
He escapes into the bush.
Where he becomes a gold prospector.
He meets Kitty.
Who runs a nearby selection.
They happily mine gold together.
Dargin arrives and frames him.
However Lavender ultimately proves his innocence.
Comic relief is provided.
Presents a version.
<EOS>
My Name Is Anthony Gonsalves  they bury him and flee.
Starts. 
Then the story line drops.
Who accepts Sikander.
He did nt exactly adopt him.
He says that his real father is the town priest.
Anthony s big dream is to become a famous and wealthy actor and be as kind -- he does nt know.
Sikander is a murderer.
Sikander never told him.
He wanted Anthony to be a kind and nice gentleman.
Anthony has big dreams.
One day  he meets.
When Anthony is practicing film dialogues.
Riya  a woman who has no more family  is an orphan  who lives a middle-class lifestyle and works as an assistant director for a movie producer  Bharucha.
Anthony introduces himself.
Who died  and works as a waiter in Jimmy s Pub  Bandra.
She meets him.
When he comes to audition.
Both are attracted and continue to meet.
Little does.
Riya know that Anthony has lied  as he never had a father by the name of Jeffrey.
He goes to tell Sikander.
When he gets the role.
He sees him murdering a person.
Anthony now knows the true side.
Anthony does nt tell  but somehow.
Police inspector Khan finds out and goes to alert.
He gets Anthony.
Anthony is a man and blames all the murders on Sikander s boss.
To make it look real  Anthony does fake stunts.
Anthony  Sikander  and the priest  get together to kill Sikander s boss.
Who raised Anthony.
S when the police enter.
Sikander gets arrested.
Anthony marries Riya and becomes a big hero  a superstar  and his dreams come true.
<EOS>
Bliss Cavendar is a misfit with no sense of direction in her life.
Her mother  Brooke  a former beauty queen  pushes her to enter beauty pageants.
Bliss and her best friend  Pash  dream.
Pash plans to attend an Ivy League school.
Bliss is uncertain as.
What she wants.
Bliss tells the Hurl Scouts  Bliss lies and tries out for the Hurl Scouts  discovering her natural skating abilities in the process.
They are her new heroes Returning.
Another sub-plot examines Bliss  relationship  a loving but controlling mother and an amiable but clueless father.
Who seldom opposes his wife s parental decisions.
Get Bliss.
Eventually  Bliss  father convinces her mother to let Bliss out and convinces the Hurl Scouts to come.
Various other sub-plots include her relationship  and confrontations with a stuck up snob at school.
Pash is fine.
She gets arrested while she is waiting for Bliss  who has left to go find Oliver.
Eventually  Pash gets together.
The movie ends  the team chants.
We re number two.
<EOS>
The plot revolved.
Landed in rural Bengal.
The villagers began worshiping it.
The alien  known  established contact with a young village boy named Haba through dreams and also played a number of pranks on the village community in the course of its short stay on Planet Earth.
The plot contained the ebullient presence from Calcutta and an American engineer.
Ray s biographer W.
Andrew Robinson describes one particular scene  In a series of fantastically quick  short steps over the lotus leaves  the Alien reaches the shore of the pond.
Follows. 
He looks down  examines the blade and is off hopping into the bamboo grove.
There the Alien sees a small plant.
His eyes light up.
He passes his hand.
Flowers come out.
A thin  soft high-pitched laugh shows.
The Alien is pleased.
<EOS>
The film  set  begins with the titular character Porco Rosso  a veteran WWI fighter ace and freelance bounty hunter  responding to an alert over an attack on a ferry liner by airborne pirates.
Having successfully defeated the pirates  the so-called Mamma Aiuto gang  Porco retires.
Is run.
Is frequented all over the Adriatic.
Who has a contract to assist them.
Curtis falls in love with Gina but is frustrated to see.
She has affections.
Curtis tracks down Porco   and shoots him down  claiming to have killed him.
Who is flying to have his plane improved.
Porco actually survives.
All but the fuselage has been destroyed.
Porco continues his mission.
Porco arrives discreetly to meet Piccolo  his mechanic.
He is surprised to find.
Piccolo s sons have emigrated to find work elsewhere.
Much is done by his granddaughter Fio.
Porco is initially skeptical as a mechanic.
He accepts her as a competent engineer  and begins to recognize her as a genius.
Piccolo calls up an all-female team to repair the plane.
No males to assist.
He is unexpectedly joined on his flight home  with the justification.
When Porco s plane is finished.
If the secret police arrest the team  they can say that Porco forced them to help and took Fio.
Porco reluctantly agrees.
The two hurriedly leave Milan.
Stopping off to refuel  Porco discovers.
The new Fascist government are beginning to hire seaplane pirates  thus putting him out of business.
Porco and Fio are ambushed by the pirates.
Who threaten to kill Porco and destroy his plane.
Fio successfully talks them out.
Curtis appears and challenges Porco.
Fio impulsively makes a deal.
If Porco wins  Curtis must pay off his debts owed the Piccolo s company.
He may marry her.
Curtis wins.
Porco is irritated.
He forgives her and shows confidence.
That night  Porco tells a story recalling an event in WWI.
When he was still a human  where his entire squadron apart was shot down in a dogfight with Austro-Hungarian aircraft.
He recalls blacking out and awakening to find himself  with a white band hovering in the distant sky.
Enemy aircraft fly past but ignore him.
He sees his friend Berlini  Gina s then-husband  and calls.
Him back but is ignored.
Porco soon sees.
The band is.
Porco blacks out again and recovers skimming.
He discovers.
When he awakes.
He has been turned  believing this to be a divine punishment for fleeing the fight.
This aspect has parallels to Roald Dahl s short story.
They Shall.
The next day  the duel is arranged.
A large crowd gathers.
The contest begins.
Soon dissolves.
The Italian air force has been alerted.
Porco barely manages to win the fight.
Hands Fio over  requesting Gina to look after her.
Porco and Curtis agree to delay the air force together  he may have been transformed back.
The crowd gone.
Curtis asks to see Porco s face  suggesting perhaps.
An epilogue reveals  Curtis becomes a Hollywood star  the pirates continue to attend the Hotel Adriano.
Fio becomes president.
It is suggested.
Porco proposes.
<EOS>
Inspector Amar and Inspector Chhaya are.
Amar and Chhaya fall.
Amar goes to catch Hardayal and hence suspended.
Amar is caught and imprisoned.
Now Chhaya is supposed find criminal Hardayal.
<EOS>
Dean Corso is a New York City rare-book dealer motivated solely.
Wealthy book collector Boris Balkan hires Corso to compare his recently acquired copy  by seventeenth-century author Aristide Torchia  to the other two known to be in existence.
Balkan informs Corso and is reputedly a version.
Only one is genuine.
Whose author was the devil himself.
The book contains nine engravings.
The legends properly spoken  will summon the Devil.
Balkan suspects and asks Corso to travel to determine and to acquire the others for Balkan -- at any cost and by any means.
His book might be a forgery.
Whether his is genuine.
Balkan s copy had previously belonged to bibliophile Andrew Telfer.
Who committed suicide soon.
Moreover  Telfer s widow Liana wants the book back.
Telfer originally bought the book.
Liana seduces Corso.
She fails to re-acquire her book.
Meanwhile  Corso s business partner and rare-book shop owner  Bernie   is murdered.
Whom Corso had asked to hide the book.
His corpse is posed to reflect one in The Nine Gates.
Shows a man suspended by one foot upside down.
Corso travels  to talk with the Ceniza brothers  both twins played by Jose Lopez Rodero  book restorers.
Who point out  which  with their prompting  Corso understands means that Lucifer himself designed and cut them.
Corso next goes to Sintra  Portugal  and visits Victor Fargas.
Whose copy compares with Balkan s.
Corso discovers.
The signature LCF is found.
The next morning a mysterious young woman   awakens Corso and leads him back.
Who has crossed paths since Balkan summoned him for this assignment.
Where he finds the old man murdered and the engravings ripped out.
Corso visits the Baroness Kessler  an owner of the third copy of the book.
The Baroness initially refuses any contact.
She realizes who his employer is  but Corso returns and intrigues Kessler -- a lifelong devotee -- with evidence that the engravings differ across the three copies.
Having gained access  he records three further differences.
Later  Kessler is killed.
The Girl displays supernatural abilities.
Now believing  Corso suspects.
Each copy is genuine.
The secret is a combination of each of the nine engravings  distributed across all three copies of the book.
Liana steals Balkan s copy  he follows her to a mansion and witnesses her using it in leading a Satanist ceremony.
Balkan suddenly interrupts the ceremony  kills Liana  takes the engraving pages and his own intact copy  and then flees.
Corso pursues Balkan.
Was depicted.
Corso found  and finds Balkan preparing to open the nine gates.
Balkan manages to trap Corso in a hole in the floor  thus immobilizing him and allowing Balkan to perform his summoning ritual unmolested -- but with Corso as a ` witness.
Balkan recites a series  then douses the floor and himself with gasoline and sets it alight  believing himself to be immune to the flames.
Balkan s invocation  however  appears to fail.
Balkan begins screaming.
His body starts to burn.
Corso frees himself and  in flames  puts Balkan out of his agony with a shot and escapes the fire.
The Girl appears to Corso.
They consummate their attraction.
She tells him.
Balkan failed because the ninth engraving Balkan had used was a forgery.
Corso   returns to the Ceniza brothers  shop.
He finds the store gone and the last piece of furniture being removed  from the top of.
Falls the authentic ninth engraving  which includes a likeness.
Corso returns to the castle.
It depicts  and crosses the threshold.
<EOS>
The film consists.
Show the faces and give voices.
The intentions are to focus attention on the dismemberment of families in Mozambique due to AIDS  and too often ignored.
It is a harsh reality.
<EOS>
The movie starts out.
Another man named Tang supervises.
It is declared.
Lee Ho has betrayed his master  Lin Chang Cao  the boss.
Thus his punishment is justified.
Tang is congratulated and is praised for his loyalty.
Lee Ho walks into town to try to get some food.
He gets beat up by the bouncer and left for dead with the local coffin maker.
The henchmen Black and White then show up and start beating up the coffin maker and Lee Ho.
Lee Ho escapes and runs into the wilderness.
Lee Ho comes and begins to work.
Hired help.
It is here  he becomes resourceful.
He learns to live.
We find Tang getting punished by Lin Chang Cao for knowing too much.
Tang is held down and has acid poured on his legs.
Tang is also cast away to die.
Tang meets up.
He stumbles by the river.
Who is determined to get his revenge.
Lee Ho drags Tang and begins to beat him to death.
A mysterious Old Man comes out and announces.
He can finish him off.
He will start training the two cripples so that they can get revenge.
Both Lee Ho and Tang learn kung fu.
Complements their disabilities.
Together they go back to town and take revenge on the restaurant.
Gave Lee Ho a hard time earlier.
The movie then cuts.
Cao s right-hand man Pow  along go into the wilderness and take stolen jewelry away from the thieves.
They meet up with Lee Ho and Tang.
This is the first time  they succeed  but let Pow escape back to report.
The two Crippled Masters fight together.
What happened.
Back  Pow gets into a fight with a random man named Ho in front of a whore house.
Lin Chang Cao instructs Pow to hire Ho to kill the Crippled Masters.
He is hired to be a guard.
Ho proves his kung fu ability.
The Old Man instructs Lee Ho and Tang to sneak back and steal back the Eight Jade Horses.
Apparently many years ago  the Old Man found this ancient treasure only to have it stolen away.
The three infiltrate Lin Chang Cao s compound and steal the box containing the horses.
But they are discovered and are followed.
They flee.
Ho tells Lee Ho and Tang.
He is a provincial government agent sent to find the missing Eight Jade Horses.
He also tells them.
The horses are special because they depict special kung fu techniques.
Ho then tries to fight Lin Chang Cao but is unable to defeat him  Lin Chang Cao has a special metal plate.
Protects him and kicks.
Lee Ho and Tang must break back.
They are again followed.
They escape.
Lee Ho and Tang study the moves from the Eight Jade Horses.
Lin Chang Cao shows up and beats up the Old Man.
But the Crippled Masters get the final revenge  ending his reign.
They band together and beat Lin Chang Cao.
<EOS>
Police Detective Shindo is assigned to guard Princess Selina Salno during the Princess  visit to Japan  due to a suspected assassination plot.
Her plane never makes it.
Shindo is smitten.
It is destroyed en route.
A meteorite shower draws the attention of Professor Murai.
Who along strikes out into the wilderness to examine the largest of the meteors  which has magnetic properties.
The supposedly deceased Selina turns up in Japan  without her royal garb  claiming to be from the planet Mars  and preaching to skeptical crowds of forthcoming disaster.
Her prophecies begin coming true.
First  thought dead.
She predicts Rodan.
Aso  will emerge.
Subsequently  none other will arise from the sea and destroy a ship.
Both transpire.
Selina s uncle   learns of her survival and sends his best assassin Malness to Japan to dispatch the Princess and steal the golden bracelet.
Who was.
Malness and his henchmen are stopped.
Who was warned by the Shobijin  who were in Japan appearing on a television show.
The Shobijin had been scheduled to return aboard the ship sunk by Godzilla  but opted not to go after overhearing Selina s prophecy.
A further attempt is thwarted.
When both Godzilla and Rodan attack the city and engage  forcing everyone to flee.
Convinced  Shindo takes the Princess to see a renowned psychiatrist  Dr Tsukamoto.
Selina is insane.
However Tsukamoto can find nothing wrong  mentally or physically.
He concludes.
She must therefore truly be possessed as she claims.
Selina reveals her final prophecy.
If emboldened.
Mars  once thriving civilization was destroyed  and furthermore that Ghidorah himself has already arrived on Earth.
No sooner has she revealed this at the meteor crash site receive a nasty surprise -- the meteor is actually an egg.
Hatches. 
Ghidorah begins razing the countryside.
To combat the combined threats  the Japanese government enlists the aide of the Shobijin to summon Mothra.
Mothra attempts to persuade the quarreling Godzilla and Rodan to team up against the evil alien but both refuse  with Godzilla stating they have no reason to save mankind.
Both he and Rodan have always had trouble hate them which Rodan agrees to.
Earth belongs as well and that it is their duty to defend it.
The pair refuse to forgive each other  wanting to continue their fight.
Unable to convince them.
Mothra calls.
The pair bullheaded and resolves to fight Ghidorah by herself.
Mothra engages Ghidorah and is continually blasted.
Luckily  impressed by her courage and selflessness  arrive to help.
A titanic battle begins.
Meanwhile  Shindo and Dr Tsukamoto are forced to protect Princess Selina converge on Tsukamoto s clinic  they fend the killers off and escape into the mountains.
The dueling monsters draw closer  so they can watch the battle.
The assassins attempt to follow.
A stray blast buries their car in an avalanche.
Only Malness remains uninjured enough to continue.
He attempts to snipe the Princess  but only injures her.
She regains her memory and is no longer possessed by the Martian.
Another stray blast buries the assassin under a second avalanche.
Malness can take another shot.
They gather at a safe distance to watch the battle between earth s monsters and Ghidorah.
The three monsters co-ordinate their attack  Godzilla grabs hold of Ghidorah s tails.
Mothra sprays the three headed dragon.
Finally Godzilla throws the alien beast.
The battered dragon flies off  back.
To Infant Island while Godzilla and Rodan go their separate ways.
Selina  having retained the memories with Shindo  bids farewell to her guardian.
She meets her bodyguards.
<EOS>
The action takes place from AD 64-68  a period after Emperor Claudius  illustrious and powerful reign.
Which the new corrupt and destructive Emperor Nero ascends threatens to destroy Rome s previous peaceful order.
The main subject is the conflict and the corruption of the Roman Empire  especially in the last period of the Julio-Claudian line.
The characters and events depicted are a mixture.
The film tells the story.
Who is also the legate  returning from the wars  who falls in love with a devout Christian  Lygia  and slowly becomes intrigued by her religion.
Their love story is told.
Lygia is technically a hostage.
She grew up Roman.
Marcus persuades Nero to give her for services rendered.
Lygia resents this  but still falls with Marcus.
Meanwhile  Nero s atrocities become increasingly more outrageous.
His acts more insane.
Marcus goes off to save Lygia and her family.
When he burns Rome and blames the Christians.
Nero captures them and all the Christians  and condemns them to be killed.
Marcus is arrested.
Peter   marries the couple  eventually  he is crucified upside-down as an ironic twist at the whim of Nero s guard.
Who has also been arrested.
Poppaea  Nero s wife   devises a diabolical revenge.
Who lusts.
Lygia is tied.
A wild bull is also placed there.
Lygia s bodyguard giant  Ursus must try to kill it  otherwise Lygia will be gored to death.
Marcus is tied and forced to watch  much to the horror of his officers.
Who also attend the spectacle.
Ursus is able to break the bull s neck.
When all seems hopeless.
Hugely impressed  the crowd exhorts Nero to spare them.
The emperor is not willing to do.
However  Nero s four other retainers Seneca  architect.
Phaon  Lucan  and Terpnos vouch by putting their thumbs up as well.
Marcus then breaks free  leaps into the arena  frees Lygia with the help of his loyal troops from his legion  and announces.
General Galba is at that moment marching  intent on replacing Nero.
The crowd  now firmly believing  revolts.
Nero  and not the Christians  is responsible.
Nero flees.
Where he strangles Poppaea  blaming her for attempting to scapegoat the Christians.
Then Acte  a palace slave  appears and offers to aid him the palace.
Who was once with Nero.
The cowardly Nero can not bring himself to do it  so Acte drives the dagger  weeping over his demise.
Marcus  Lygia and Ursus are now free and leave Rome.
Peter s crook   has miraculously sprouted flowers.
He had left.
The radiant light intones  I am the way  the truth  and the life.
<EOS>
A medical student is working and discovers.
He is able to reanimate recently-deceased mice.
He takes a break.
He admits.
He loves her.
Shortly she falls into a nearby lake and drowns.
Using the methods he is able to revive her.
The process requires.
He extract the hormone Oxytocin.
He murders two women  and attempts to murder a third.
His actions arouse the suspicion.
Sophia remembers the circumstances of her death.
Changes the audience s perceptions.
<EOS>
Juliette is a graduate student pursuing her Ph.
D.
She is writing her dissertation.
She utilizes local newspaper classified ads.
She learns the importance.
When she meets one research subject.
The film also focuses.
<EOS>
This is the story.
Who leaves the USA and her boyfriend.
She plans to visit a girlfriend but can not find her.
Instead she meets.
A young man called Hiro  who is the leader.
She attracts attention.
Wendy is blonde and tall.
She falls with Hiro and develops a music career as the movie advances.
They manage to catch the eye of a record label producer and achieve success for a short time.
The song   is a cover version.
Is played.
Do you believe.
Tokyo Pop is a one day business.
Where groups have one hit and then vanish forever.
Wendy goes back in hopes of finding a more stable career.
This is the case.
She had an unforgettable time but can leave him behind.
He is a marvelous composer  who will find his way.
He no longer needs her to garner the attention.
The film ends.
The duet showcases his artistic music skills.
<EOS>
Voice cast Clive Barker as Hester Golem Norman Macera as Abnormal Cyrus.
<EOS>
Betty Boop works.
.
Singing Change.
Bimbo flirts then tries the shooting gallery.
Betty & Bimbo then ride.
<EOS>
Finster  a 35-year-old man  makes a successful robbery by the swift use of stilts  dark clothes  a pram and baby clothing.
Who resembles a baby.
He easily evades the police.
Him dressed.
Finster loses his money.
He gets.
Himself unofficially adopted in order to gain it back.
Multiple attempts to grab.
It are interpreted.
Finster even points a revolver and shoots him.
This still does not fully register.
Finster hits Bugs  he assumes.
As Bugs is putting the baby.
The baby is having a nightmare.
A supposedly remorseful Finster grabs Bugs and hugs him saying  dada.
Looking inside  Bugs finds.
Finster is.
A brief news clip and an APB for the robber finally makes.
Bugs realize what s really going on.
It is interesting to note.
If the story is assumed to take place  Ant Hill Harry would have been 13 years old when he got the tattoo.
He puts the bank robber.
Bugs takes him out and throws him up.
When Finster is washed up.
Finster hits the ceiling and falls.
Bugs picks him up.
Finster tries to stab Bugs but stabs himself in the rear.
He murmurs inaudible obscenities  causing Bugs to spank him  removing the weapons.
He has.
Bugs trusses Finster up and leaves him and the money at the police station.
Finster does not take it well  throwing a wild temper tantrum.
Locked up sized playpen in the State Prison.
Bugs ends.
The cartoon  telling the angry bank robber  Do nt be such a crybaby.
<EOS>
A 16-year-old boy  named Rion one day wakes up.
Having no memories or  a mysterious voice of a girl begs him to save her.
He got there.
He discovers.
He is trying to escape.
He has psychic powers.
Using this ability he kills off the staff and hospital security.
He finds out  using different drugs gives Rion a different ability.
He needs to take drugs.
Rion discovers.
They re having human experiments  named  G Project   related to his powers.
He also finds out information.
Having finally escaped  he goes home  memories coming back  but interrupted by G Project experiments/monsters and a Galerian named Birdman.
He soon finds.
The girl who called out is a childhood friend named Lilia  who is also the daughter of Dr Pascalle  a colleague of Rion s father  who wants to help Rion destroy an artificial intelligence named Dorothy.
Dorothy was a super computer program made to serve humans.
However  she started to wonder.
She should help humanity.
One  Dr Steiner  told Dorothy about the existence of God and.
Humans must serve their creator as she must serve humans.
Dorothy responds by starting a secret program to create super-humans  named Galerians  plotting to use them to kill off humanity and rule Earth being served by her Galerians.
The Galerians are also after Lilia.
She has a virus program implanted as a safeguard against Dorothy.
Dorothy sends her Galerians.
It s up to kill the Galerians  destroy Dorothy and save humanity.
Rion comes.
Who is a clone.
He finds out the horrible truth  he.
Himself is a Galerian-a clone.
Killing off Cain  Rion confronts and battles Dorothy and uses all his powers to destroy her.
Lying  Rion says his last words and dies.
The scene changes.
Rion is seen sitting down with his head low and finally disappears into thin air  symbolizing his death.
<EOS>
Vardanunni is the son.
Ashan s dream was to make his son also a famous Kathakali artist.
But Varadanunni  having seen  decides to go to Bangalore.
His dad could not earn anything.
He gets a job.
His father insists.
Varadan should come to Mumbai for a Kathakali performance.
Varadan defies his father and goes to Bangalore to take up his new job.
Ramankutty and his daughter happens to witness the murder of a popular politician at the hands of a famous magician turned underworld don Shankar Das alias J.
S.
The wicked Sankar Das kills Ramankutty and his daughter to eliminate all proof.
But Ramankutty had called Nambeesan before this and informed.
He saw Sankar das killing the politician.
He gets to know.
When Varadan comes back.
His family has been murdered.
Varadan goes to meet Sankar Das and tries to beat him up.
But he gets arrested and gets beaten up badly.
He is rescued.
Karanavar s son was killed and so he also has enmity for JS.
Together they decide to take revenge.
They trap JS and kill him.
<EOS>
Clell Miller  and Arch Clements  begin to feel oppressed by the Chicago railroad investors.
They set off.
Evading the dogged pursuit.
<EOS>
The plot centralizes.
The film begins.
It then is revealed.
The man and woman were the parents.
He learns  and starts to track down the mobster.
It was arranged.
Who was personally responsible  killing a mafia member.
The murderer  however  manages to escape.
Slaughter gets arrested and charged.
The FBI offers to drop all charges.
He agrees to go in order to hunt down and kill the escaped mobster  a deal that Slaughter readily accepts.
He meets up with American law enforcement officials in charge of monitoring local crime bosses.
It is revealed.
The mobster responsible is a man named Dominic Hoff.
Gun battles and car chases  Slaughter succeeds in killing Hoff by incinerating him alive in his crashed car.
<EOS>
An underground terror group led recruits unemployed youth and turns them into suicide bombers.
Asst.
Commissioner decides to take the case into his own hands in a fit of patriotic fervour.
He hides a key witness at the home of his flaky fiancee  thereby endangering both and his anti-terror mission in general.
It also have a Hindi dubbed version.
<EOS>
A disaster has occurred.
Livestock have to be burned.
Fleeing the city  the family arrive  hoping to find refuge and security  only to discover.
It is already occupied.
The family are assaulted and forced to leave with no supplies or transport.
The scale is realised.
They seek help.
When they are repeatedly turned away.
The family make their way.
Where they wait that a train will stop for them and take them back to the city.
<EOS>
The film tells the story  with two timelines being depicted simultaneously.
Rahul Bose has a dysfunctional marriage.
Who has an extra-marital affair.
Rahul tries to reconnect.
Sameera dreams.
Rahul is considered both in professional and personal lives.
However  an honest and simple man  he clings.
The back-and-forth movement make Mithun a mystery man -- he could be dead  alive  or  just a figment of Rahul s imagination.
The film begins.
Mithun follows Rahul.
Rahul is shown to be a doting father.
Mithun then starts to tell his own story.
He had a happy family.
A past flame  played by Sudipta Chakraborty  incidentally arrives in the village and meets Mithun.
Unrestrained moment  she tries to seduce Mithun.
Mithun tries to resist.
However  Mithun s wife  Laboni  sees a glimpse in a compromising situation.
Laboni  pained  decides to leave Mithun  with their son in tow.
Their son bears the scar.
A devastated Mithun becomes a footloose traveller.
Back  father and son come face to face to heal old wounds.
Battling the brunts.
Defines success too materialistically.
His wife  Sameera  meanwhile flies to spend an extended holiday with her brother s family settled there.
She writes several travelogues.
Rahul suddenly meets his father one day.
He spends a memorable day  reliving their memories  as well as discussing many aspects of life.
Suddenly  Mithun disappears.
Rahul s wife returns  and tells him.
She has been for long.
Their children are actually not fathered.
Rahul says.
He knows everything  and still love their children.
Soon  Sameera leaves Rahul.
Rahul continues to live.
Towards the end  Rahul again has a talk with his father  Mithun.
Mithun tells him.
Many things remain unsaid  untouched.
Mithun goes.
After Mithun s wife  Laboni  left him  he wandered off.
So   viewers understand.
Their suspicion was true that Mithun and all the talks were nothing but the imagination of Rahul s sensitive mind.
Rahul continues to be a doting father.
The film has several fantasy-like characters appearing several times.
The old flute-seller  Idrish  and his son  Abdul  are such a pair.
Rahul once met them.
However  the duo appears several times.
When there is a voice-over  or when Rahul is reliving some old memories.
Masked troupes also make several appearances.
<EOS>
A physics professor is removed.
His classroom teaching methods are considered to be too philosophical.
He leaves to work on a project combining science with his love of philosophy.
Six years later he returns.
Has brought.
He is carrying a disc containing the fruits.
When black ops agents track him down to obtaining the disc.
He manages to hide the disc and make a phone call.
The agents catch up.
He is able to assure them he did not know  a situation.
What was going on.
Changes after he listens.
The professor had been working based on the Pentateuch  the first five books in the Bible  and had found answers to some of life s most basic questions.
The formula can also solve problems yet to be formulated.
He has discovered.
John s software company is pleased.
It helps them.
Government agents raid his home and company  confiscating all his computers  files and computer programs.
He is able to complete the sale and distribution to a major company.
His wife and children are killed.
Trying to leave the area and move to a more congenial environment.
He turns to friends.
Who help him to escape undetected.
Not only American agents give chase.
He flees.
<EOS>
They discover.
When a vacationing couple run into an old friend there.
He is searching.
Nader investigates.
His friend is murdered.
He can come up.
Meanwhile  nightclub magician Price and his mentalist partner continue their nefarious activities -- they hypnotize and kidnap young women  and spirit them to the House of 1000 Dolls.
Stars  Vincent Price.
<EOS>
A young woman s nightmarish past returns to trigger off a bizarre phobia  an intense fear  eased only by closeness to walls.
She was once cured.
She becomes a psychological survivalist.
When her remote house suddenly becomes a spiritual battleground  as evil forces gather to torture her.
<EOS>
Two Welsh coal miners ` Dai Number 9  Jones and Thomas ` Twm  Jones  win a contest run by the Echo newspaper.
The prize is 100 pounds each  plus the best seats at Twickenham.
This is their first trip to England.
They are supposed to be met by Whimple  a gardening columnist on the paper.
They miss each other.
Instead  the two miners become separated.
When Dai is picked up.
She overhears them talking.
She and Dai go to the newspaper to collect the money.
The editor makes Whimple responsible.
Jo soon manages to lose him.
Whimple gets details from a fellow reporter and runs out in search of them.
Dai begins to fall with Jo.
They spend time together.
He already has a girlfriend back  Bronwen  the boss s secretary.
Meanwhile  Twm recognizes a familiar face  Huw Price  a down-on-his-luck harpist and traditional Chief Singer.
Whom he had once won the grand prize.
They go looking.
They arrive at the Echo to collect Twm s share of the prize  they re sopping drunk.
Not knowing  the editor has the pair kicked out.
Who Twm is.
Eventually  Twm and Huw give up and go  getting there.
As it ends.
There  they meet up.
Jo takes Dai shopping  her confederate.
Barney tries to cheat him.
Dai changes his mind.
Ring he wants and ends up getting a fair deal.
Jo takes him back.
Barney can sneak in and steal Dai s money.
Dai proposes.
She move and offers to give her money to pay for the fare.
Then he remembers Bronwen and changes his mind.
Disappointed more  she steals his money.
She expected.
Just then  Whimple shows up and tells Dai the truth.
A chase ensues.
Dai gets Jo s purse   and runs to catch the train back to Wales.
Where he is reunited.
Jo and Barney bring a policeman and accuse Dai  to avoid trouble  Dai gives back the purse.
Jo throws.
The train pulls out though.
Him back his money  much.
<EOS>
A group are putting together a musical revue called Love Happy.
Harpo  the troupe s mascot  keeps the actors.
He accidentally grabs.
A sardine can containing the stolen Romanoff diamonds.
Harpo becomes the target of adventuress Madame Egilichi and her stooges.
<EOS>
The story revolves.
Whose usual reaction is to pack her car with her belongings and take her pre-teen daughter Ava in search of greener pastures.
The film commences.
She packs a suitcase.
This is something which is routine.
She prepares herself.
Mother and daughter embark.
Mary Jo accedes to see the Pacific Ocean and heads west.
When a reunion proves to be less successful than anticipated.
Mary Jo wishes to separate herself.
Is manifested when she and her daughter throw the former s clothing.
En route.
They are assisted.
Once again  Mary Jo forgoes both her independence and daughter s.
She quits her office job.
Ava s life has changed for the better.
She makes friends with a girl in her class.
Ava also secures a starring role in the school play  Romeo and Juliet.
Lastly  Ava is ecstatic.
When she finds a boyfriend  who takes her to watch a movie.
Matters  however  become complicated.
When Jack becomes verbally aggressive.
Jack exhibits his true personality.
When he takes Mary Jo and Ava and becomes infuriated by Ava s attitude.
Ava  however  is just excited.
They spend the night.
When Ava and Mary Jo flee the restaurant.
Which both mother and daughter are familiar.
The next day  Mary Jo is adamant.
The two leave town.
Ava decides to put her foot down and rebel.
She tells her mother and is frustrated.
She is tired.
Mary Jo then realizes.
Mary Jo is at first furious.
There is the need to make significant changes.
She finally accepts.
Her behavior has had severe negative repurcussions.
Ava and her mother stay at a house.
A friend has loaned to them.
Ava rebuilds her friendship.
Lastly  both she and her mother start to rebuild their lives together.
Mary Jo gets a job and also moves in with her former office boss  a sympathetic widower.
Who had been concerned.
<EOS>
Alike is a 17 year old African American girl.
Who hangs out.
Alike slowly and firmly comes as a butch lesbian  comfortable in baggy clothes and male underwear.
Her mother Audrey approves her clothes nor her friendship with Laura and forces her to wear feminine clothing and making friends with a young girl from her church.
Alike has a better relationship.
Who is a police officer.
Alike begins to develop feelings and starts spending more time with her than with Laura  much to Laura s annoyance.
Arthur comes back late a few times.
Angers Audrey and the two fight often.
Arthur does not think much in her life  believing them just to be a phase  and in turn becomes supportive of her  but yet naive about her true identity.
Alike and Bina spend the night at Bina s place and Bina kisses Alike.
Alike talks to Bina about.
Where they want their relationship to go.
Bina says.
There is no relationship  as she is not gay and only regarded the kiss a little fun.
Hurt and upset  Alike leaves and returns home and cries.
Audrey and Arthur have an explosive row about Alike.
Alike decides to intervene the fight.
She comes out.
Disgusted  Audrey viciously attacks Alike.
Arthur tries to restrain her.
Alike flees.
Where they reconcile.
Audrey then tries to forget.
Nothing happened.
Annoys the rest.
Arthur meets Alike.
He tells her.
She should not be afraid and that it s safe to come home.
Alike replies.
I m not running.
I m choosing.
Who makes it clear that she still does not accept her homosexuality.
She loves her.
Audrey then leaves saying.
She will pray.
Alike decides to change schools and move away.
The film ends a poem.
She wrote.
<EOS>
The film begins.
Where bodies are strewn over the Alamo.
The film then flashes back.
Sam Houston attends a party.
Where he tries to persuade people to migrate.
He meets.
Houston explains to Crockett.
As an immigrant will receive -LCB- -LCB- convert -RCB- -RCB- -LSB- a square mile -RSB- of his own choosing.
Crockett   pointedly asks Houston.
Whether this new republic is going to need a president.
Meanwhile   the Texas provisional government is meeting to discuss.
What action to take by the Texans of the Alamo and Bexar from Mexican forces at the first Battle of San Antonio de Bexar.
Texas having rebelled Santa Anna   the Texan War Party calls for the Texas army to depart Bexar  cross into Mexico and confront Mexican forces at the town of Matamoros.
Who is personally leading an army to retake the Alamo.
The Opposition Party seeks to rebuild the Texan army and establish a permanent government to be recognized.
The provisional government votes out Sam Houston.
The disgusted Houston tells Bowie to go and destroy the Alamo.
Having drinks later.
William Barret Travis is also  reporting for duty.
His character is quickly established.
Who seeks respect.
Interlaced scenes show him granting his wife a divorce  and seeking to begin a new life.
The Texas provisional government orders.
Him to take command.
There.
He meets Col.
James Neill  regulars.
Who informs him that Travis will be.
Neil is away.
Travis  alarmed.
The Alamo s small force can not withstand the Mexican Army  which is rumored to have thousands.
Again he sends a rider to deliver his plea.
More small groups arrive  but not enough for the impending battle.
Travis oversees preparations  in hopes.
Enough reinforcements will arrive.
Crockett arrives   I told  I m going to Texas.
Where he tells a crowd.
Them folks they can go.
The movie implies.
He s caught and can not escape.
Santa Anna soon arrives.
Who were not expecting the Mexican Army to arrive.
The Texans retire despite its vulnerability  and begin fortifying it as best.
They can.
Travis writes letters asking for reinforcements.
Only a couple dozen men arrive to join them.
Santa Ana s army surrounds.
The Alamo compound and the siege begins.
Bowie leaves the Alamo to meet to talk things out.
They get out.
However  an incensed Travis fires the 18-pound cannon  thus cutting short Bowie s impromptu attempt at diplomacy  this virtually ends the chance to the forestall the Mexican attack.
Bowie returns to tell Travis.
Santa Anna has offered surrender.
Travis offers all an opportunity to leave.
Almost the defenders decide to stay and fight to the end.
At least one woman remains  Mrs Susanna Dickinson.
Whose husband  Lt.
Almeron Dickinson  has decided to stay.
Bowie becomes debilitatingly ill and lies.
The Mexican Army band serenades the Texans with the Deguello  followed by an artillery bombardment of the surrounded compound.
Convinced  the sign.
The Texans will not leave the Alamo  Santa Ana orders a blood-red signal flag to be raised.
The flag is visible.
Who know its meaning.
Bugle calls along the Mexican front line the Texans.
Who rush.
The Texans also hear the battle cry  Viva Santa-Ana.
Travis is killed  shot by a young Mexican soldier storming the north wall.
A small group  armed with axes and crowbars  assault and break down the boarded-up doors and windows of the west wall.
Another small group storms the southwest wall.
The few surviving Texans fall back  they are all killed.
Attackers discover the bedridden Bowie.
Where he fires his pistols.
Attempting to fight.
Crockett is taken prisoner.
He promises Santa Ana to lead him to surrender and maybe survive  Santa Ana refuses the mocking offer and orders Crockett to be executed.
Days later.
The Alamo has been taken.
His army and the families flee.
They are pursued.
A few weeks later  Houston halts his retreat.
Where he decides to face the Mexicans.
Houston s army surprises Santa Ana s army during its afternoon siesta.
The vengeful Texans massacre at least two hundred Mexican soldiers and capture General Santa Ana.
Whose identity is given away when Mexican prisoners respond by whispering El Presidente.
Santa Anna surrenders agrees to order all Mexican troops to withdraw from Texas and to accept Texan independence.
The last scene shows the spirit of Crockett playing his violin on the top of the Alamo and then looking out on the horizon.
<EOS>
Manoj Kumar played a village man ` Bharat.
Who sacrifices everything to get his brother educated.
His brother goes abroad and comes back a selfish man wanting his share.
But  Bharat is off.
When war breaks out.
His selfish brother   tries to gain profit by selling drugs and blackmarketering in the market.
Bharat returns.
A war hero defeating the demon designs repents as he is caught by the police.
Hence  he vows to be a good & hardworking brother.
The movie also stars Asha Parekh.
The film won the top spot in.
Madan Puri played the main villain.
This is one.
Audience has not seen such a villain.
Box office The film won several major awards.
Many years later  Manoj Kumar said.
One was a half-lit Asha Parekh in this film.
<EOS>
A fisherman confesses.
He did nt commit in order to protect a good friend  whom he believes did commit it.
Once he determines to keep out of trouble and win his parole.
A tough convict is just as determined to make things difficult.
<EOS>
Millionaire animal lover and overall spoiled rich girl Trudy adds the title animal  a gorilla.
The ape named.
Buddy finds life to deal with.
He becomes hard to control due.
Trudy raises him.
A particularly bad experience makes things even harder for Buddy.
Buddy is taken to live among his own kind in peace.
He goes and nearly destroys Trudy s home.
<EOS>
Mainly Betty Ting s story.
Opens rolling around in bed around the time he died.
Continues telling her story to a bartender  beginning.
When she was a loner schoolgirl.
She meets Bruce.
When he saves her and gives her some money.
<EOS>
Gordon Comstock  is a successful copywriter.
His girlfriend and co-worker  Rosemary  fears.
He may never settle down when he suddenly disavows his money-based lifestyle and quits his job for the artistic satisfaction of writing poetry.
<EOS>
John Thornton.
A prospector is trying to eke out a living in the harsh conditions of the bitterly cold Yukon region of Canada  with Buck the German Shepherd dog he befriends.
Thornton struggles in the extreme conditions and is greatly helped by Buck  he was abducted from a family home and taken north to become a working sled dog.
Who has his own story to tell.
Man and dog forge a true bond  working together to survive life in the treacherous frozen North.
Thornton is killed.
Buck kills the men to avenge Thornton.
Buck comes to the White River to mourn the place.
Where he died.
<EOS>
Cindy has moved from the south to live in Harlem with her newly blended family.
She finds herself constantly abused.
Her father provides some comfort but can not prevent the abuse entirely.
One night  she meets Captain Joe Prince and is swept off her feet.
A romance ensues.
<EOS>
Harry Bailey  a former student activist and post-graduate  comes back to complete an education course to become a teacher.
He tries to avoid the increasing student unrest  but finds this difficult.
Has surfaced.
His girlfriend  Jan  is a leader.
Student demonstrations bring police to the campus to quell the unrest.
The ensuing clashes lead to martial law.
Harry is forced to question his values to this.
He concurs with Jan.
Getting straight is more important.
<EOS>
Famous celebrity runs away  only to get into a cab with the one man.
Who does nt know who she is.
She goes back to her life as a celebrity.
The paparazzi takes pictures.
She walks up stairs.
She looks.
Read COCO CHANEL.
They smile and then the credits are shown.
<EOS>
Madeline Rose Maddy Phillips is a 12-year old girl.
Who loves to climb.
Her father Tom has climbed Mount Everest.
It runs.
Several years earlier  Tom fell more than 100 feet  they have ordered Maddy not to climb.
Tom and Molly are afraid she might hurt herself.
Tom had some internal injuries.
He did nt know about.
Now the injury has paralyzed him.
There is an experimental operation costing $.
Can save him.
Insurance wo nt pay.
The family does nt have the money.
Harderbach Financial s president Brisbane refuses to loan the amount and does so.
Molly signed.
This is not an emotional issue  Mrs Phillips.
When asked if he has a heart  Brisbane coldy responds.
A bank has no heart.
Only paper.
That is.
When Maddy first gets the idea to rob the bank.
Maddy steals three go-carts and convinces her two friends.
Gus and Austin to help her.
They remain hesitant  so she tells both.
She loves him and does nt care to each of them  claiming she has the other half and kissing them both on the cheek.
They break.
They manage to break in.
She is forced to babysit her younger brother Max.
She and Gus progress.
Austin keeps the guards away.
Maddy has to free climb to get.
When her hook gets caught when using the handhelds.
She cracks the code and they flee the room  unintentionally setting off the alarm.
They did nt type the exit code.
The trio is caught.
Escaping. 
Who tasers his partner.
However   Gus and Austin find out  but later come back for her.
Maddy played them and leave her.
The three hop  trailed by the police.
Austin holds all the cash  running out of gas.
He then leaps.
They escape.
They rejoin to disable police cruisers by popping the tires with jacks.
Brisbane attempts to pass all the blame.
When Mrs Phillips arrives.
But ultimately  he is rejected.
Who says Brisbane s irresponsibility is a knucklehead move.
Meanwhile  the kids make it.
However  they are caught up by Maddy s mother  the bank security  the police  and the press.
Maddy s mother then takes responsibility  saying.
This was an authorized test.
The following morning  Mrs Phillips says.
What Maddy did was wrong  but apologizes as it was her over-protection that started all the trouble.
The press sympathizes  allowing them to hold a fundraiser the day after earning enough money for Maddy s father s surgery.
Even a friend named.
Mr Hartmann gives a consultation fee.
Gus and Austin make.
Maddy decide who she loves.
She sniffs both and causes a debate between them.
She backs away.
They do so.
They run.
Her saying who s the better boyfriend and the movie ends.
<EOS>
Mary Brand  the young housekeeper  becomes the wife of Joe Wilson  the painter.
The couple take up farming.
Joe leaves to Sydney  and becomes entangled in the affairs of his sister-in-law Barbara.
Who has been instrumental.
Joe pays and takes Barbara back to the bush.
Barbara reconciles.
Who has lately ended an unhappy marriage.
Barbara and Harry fall.
Action sequences include a bushfire and a ball.
<EOS>
David Dave Whiteman and his wife  Barbara  played  portray a couple.
Whose 20-year marriage is unfulfilling.
Dave is having an affair.
Barbara tries to relieve the anxiety she constantly feels.
<EOS>
Is a crime fiction murder mystery with a theme of after the game of poker and after the game of life.
It deals  and explores karma and the afterlife.
Aging gambler Benny Walsh dies after the biggest poker win of his life.
His son  Clyde  comes in search of answers.
He discovers.
Each had ample reason to see him dead.
<EOS>
The film starts in.
A widow  Tsune Nonomiya  works hard to provide for her only son  Ryosuke.
She decides to support her son s education.
When Ryosuke s teacher Ookubo persuades her to let her son continue to study.
Her son promises to become a great man.
Thirteen years later   O-Tsune  now in her sixties  visits Ryosuke   in Tokyo.
Who is.
She learns.
Her son  now a night school teacher  has married and even has a one-year-old son.
Her daughter-in-law Sugiko is nice and obliging.
Ryosuke s job does not pay much.
Ryosuke and O-Tsune visit Ookubo.
Who is now a father.
Running an eating house selling cutlets.
The couple keeps.
Their money is running out.
One day  Ryosuke confides in the mother.
He wishes he had never come  and that he is a disappointment to his mother.
He later states.
Tokyo is not a place where one can succeed easily.
O-Tsune chides her son.
She has nothing now left.
She only wants him to succeed.
Sugiko sells her kimono and raises enough money to go out to enjoy themselves.
However Tomibo  a neighbor s son  gets injured.
Ryosuke rushes him.
There he gives their money.
Her to foot the hospital bill.
O-Tsune sees all this  and later tells Ryosuke.
He has done her proud act.
O-Tsune eventually returns.
Ryosuke promises his wife.
He will obtain a teaching certificate.
Back  O-Tsune tells her friend at the factory.
Her son has become a great man.
But  her face breaks.
She retires after work.
<EOS>
Quills begins  with the incarcerated Marquis de Sade penning a story about the libidinous Mademoiselle Renard  an aristocrat.
Who meets the preeminent sadist.
Several years later  the Marquis is confined.
The Marquis has been publishing his work.
Who smuggles manuscripts.
The Marquis  latest work  Justine  is published to great success.
All copies of the book burned.
The author shot  but his advisor  Delbene  tempers this contentious idea  send traditionalist Dr Royer-Collard to look in at Charenton.
Silence the Marquis.
Meanwhile the Abbe teaches Madeleine to read and write and resists his growing attraction.
Dr Royer-Collard arrives  informing the Abbe.
The Marquis  therapeutic writings have been distributed.
Horrified  the Abbe rejects Royer-Collard s offers and asks to speak with the Marquis himself.
Who promptly swears obedience.
Royer-Collard takes his leave and travels to the Panthemont Convent in Paris to retrieve his promised bride  the underage Simone.
They are given a run-down chateau  with a handsome young architect  Prouix  on hand for its renovation.
The hasty marriage incites much gossip  prompting the Marquis to write a farce to be performed at a public exhibition.
The audacious play  titled The Crimes  is interrupted.
When the inmate Bouchon -LRB- British character actor molests Madeleine off-stage  prompting her to hit him.
Royer-Collard shuts down the public theater and demands.
The Abbe do more to control the Marquis.
Infuriated  the Abbe confiscates the Marquis  quills and ink  prompting more subversive behavior.
This results  eventually leaving the Marquis naked in an empty cell.
One reveals.
Madeleine has been helping the Marquis.
Madeleine is whipped.
The Abbe stops him.
That night she visits his chamber to beg him to reconsider sending her away and confesses her love  prompting him to kiss her passionately.
He abruptly breaks away.
What he is doing.
Madeleine is angry the next day.
The Abbe is shown as sexually frustrated.
Simone has been violently introduced by her husband.
This is occurring.
She unrepentantly purchases a copy  seduces Prioux  and the young lovers run off together.
She leaves.
Dr Royer-Collard seizes on the Marquis as the source of his troubles and embarks upon a quest for revenge.
Madeleine begs a last story from him.
Is to be relayed through the asylum patients.
Bouchon  the inmate  is excited by the story  breaks out of his cell  and kills Madeleine.
The asylum is set afire.
The inmates break out.
Madeleine s body is found in the laundry vat.
The Abbe is completely devastated.
Bouchon is captured and imprisoned.
The Abbe blames the Marquis and prods him into a fury.
The Marquis claims  only to be told.
He had been in every way imaginable.
She had died a virgin.
The Abbe cuts out the Marquis  tongue.
The Abbe has sex with the corpse of Madeline in a dream.
The Marquis  health declines severely  though perverse.
Ever  he decorates his oubliette  using feces as ink.
He offers the Marquis a crucifix.
The Abbe finishes reading the last rites.
He swallows and chokes.
A year later  the new Abbe du Maupas arrives and is given the grand tour.
The asylum has been converted  with the inmates as its staff.
The books being printed are the works.
The new Abbe meets his predecessor.
Who resides.
Yearning to write  he begs paper and a quill.
Who is herded off  now.
However  the peephole opens.
Madeleine s mother thrusts paper  quill  and ink.
The Abbe begins to scribble furiously.
<EOS>
English police are baffled.
A number are brutally murdered.
Alice takes a profound interest.
She is haunted.
The event replays.
She remembers walking her son home late one night when they stop to rest.
They sit next.
Who gives Daniel a balloon.
A man then rushes from the darkness and kills Daniel  injuring his mother.
Alice clearly remembers the man s face.
The same man has been spotted close in the current slayings.
She confides this.
Alice finds and confronts the man  and holds a gun but ca nt bring herself to kill him.
She instead takes him prisoner.
The man s name is.
And informs Alice that he is hunting a creature.
Alice is unsure.
Whether to believe him when she receives a call informing her that another child has been killed.
It is now.
She comes that it was nt Sam who killed her child but the clown and that her memory was wrong.
She agrees to help Sam.
Who has been present not as a perpetrator but as the hunter of the monster  known as the Hellbreed.
Meanwhile  Detective Weiss has pulled up Alice s files.
It is revealed.
She has been committed.
She escaped and is still wanted by the authorities.
Alice is handcuffed and taken.
Who kills.
Sam arrives and kills the Hellbreed.
The film is interspersed.
The events occurred.
She acts as a narrator.
It is seen.
Alice has not obtained peace and breaks down before the image fades to black.
<EOS>
Zenon Kar is a 13-year-old girl.
Who lives.
Edward Plank  Zenon s parents punish her by grounding her to Earth to live with her Aunt Judy.
Who is afraid.
Zenon experiences trouble fitting in with other kids.
Who consider her space-station stories and slang weird.
To be avoided.
Likewise  Zenon considers the children.
To assuage her homesickness  Zenon often communicates.
Eventually Zenon makes friends with two boys  Andrew and Greg.
The kids learn to be more accepting of one another and to look past first impressions.
Zenon uncovers a plot masterminded by station bigwig Parker Wyndham to crash the computers of her space station home.
Will put everyone in danger.
Commander Plank   convinces Zenon s parents not to listen.
When Zenon tries to warn her parents.
Who sees all children.
He believes.
Her story is only a ploy to get her back so that she can attend an upcoming concert by her idol Proto Zoa  who are about to perform the world s first space concert.
Zenon must find a way to save the space station and her family.
Andrew creates a computer virus to counteract.
Deployed. 
It is then up to get the disk to the station.
Hoping to somehow sneak  Zenon goes to the launch yard.
Where Proto Zoa and his band are about to depart.
Proto Zoa recognizes Zenon from a Dance with Proto Zoa contest and takes her with his band  Mr Wyndham  his assistant Lutz  and Aunt Judy on the launch to the station.
Commander Plank is shocked to see Zenon on the station  but is smitten with Aunt Judy.
The commander still has trouble believing her.
When Wyndham accuses her.
Zenon manages to use the computer virus program.
Andrew created to save the space station.
Wyndham and Lutz get arrested.
Afterward  everyone enjoys the Microbe concert.
<EOS>
A disembodied voice of a woman is heard  she express her fears through a monologue  making confessions from trivial anxiety  grotesque nightmares  to crippling sadness.
The first story is a traditional animation written and directed.
It focuses  the man sics each dog on a victim.
Whom he restrains  as they trek through the countryside.
The second story is a three-dimensional computer animation written and directed.
It focuses.
Who has an immense interest.
He captures a mysterious human-shaped beetle  it escapes  and yet the boy seems haunted by it.
The boy becomes infatuated with a promiscuous woman  he invites her in his house.
She seems to develop an obsession.
Thereafter when she wakes up.
The third story is a two-dimensional anime animation written and directed by Marie Caillou.
It focuses.
She is bullied by her sadistic classmates  and also haunted by a strange alternate-reality of a scientist sedating her to complete a reoccurring nightmare and the ghost of a samurai.
The fourth story is a traditional animation directed.
It focuses.
Having lost his uncle  the boy confides in his friend  an secretive orphan.
Who claims that the uncle could have been mauled.
The friend disappears later on.
A professional ranger is hired to hunt down the beast.
A massive crocodile is killed and displayed in the church.
The boy is haunted.
The fifth story is directed.
The intervals are two-dimensional computer animations written and directed.
Twitchfilm reviewThe story focuses.
Paranoia as well as dark forces begin to creep.
He settles in.
He uncovers a photo album.
Who seemed to have a tendency to cut people out.
<EOS>
All of the tepees have TV antennas.
Some are shops displaying Indian-made wares and merchandise.
Is a millinery shop with a window full of feathered hats and coats  etc.
In the rear is a barber shop  complete.
We discover Woody Woodpecker reading a magazine  with Indian barber Buzz Buzzard stropping the blade of a tomahawk.
Buzz tests the blade s sharpness.
Lands and slowly splits into two parts  each part floating in the air.
Buzz trims the feathers  then  with Feather Tonic  he gives Woody a vigorous scalp massage.
When finished  gives Woody s head the appearance  beautiful to behold.
They discover a cute Indian maiden looking in the window and admiring a feathered bonnet  their feathers to the maid.
They both zip out.
She continues to admire the bonnet.
Carries a $.
00 Wampum price tag.
She first asks Woody to buy the bonnet.
He s broke  she then asks Buzz.
Who s also.
The maid   turns up her nose and walks away  leaving the two rejected swains very dejected and alone.
Buzz then suddenly spies the beautiful.
Woody has and   dreams how it would look if transferred to the maid.
Buzz pulls out his tomahawk and starts for Woody  intending to acquire Woody s feather bonnet for the maid.
There s a fast series of gags  with Buzz determined to get the feathers and Woody avoiding him at all times.
Woody finally disposes.
We see Woody  his feathers all gone  now adorning the Indian maiden  Woody is stripped but happy.
<EOS>
Subash  a good-for-nothing youth  enjoys his life as much.
His brother  Rajasekhar  is a minister.
His father is a court judge.
Subash falls with Savitri  a middle class Brahmin girl.
Savitri loves him.
She wants to marry.
Subash joins the army and becomes a military officer.
His family reveals.
Savitri and her father die.
Arumugasamy  an honest politician  thought being Rajasekhar s opposite party  dies mysteriously.
Is Rajasekhar s best friend.
Subash suspects Thangamani  Arumugasamy s right hand.
Later  he finds Savitri and saves her.
Savitri discloses and is linked.
Rajasekhar is a corrupted politician.
Rajasekhar s henchmen killed.
Arumugasamy and Thangamani began to sequester her.
Subash swears to punish his brother and saves his country.
<EOS>
Dr Love is the story.
Who was a romance novel writer  is a consistent helper and who wants to be in love.
He comes to settle a love matter and becomes the hero of the college.
He is then given the title Doctor Love - Romance Consultant.
Then he finds out.
Ebin _ is his childhood bestfriend.
They both got.
Separated and when he got to the college he figured out that it was her.
The problems faced later in the campus forms the rest of the story.
<EOS>
The film opens.
The women fall.
George is caught.
A masked man approaches and disembowels him.
He hangs helplessly.
The European Sales division are on a bus to a team-building weekend at a luxury lodge in the Matra Mountains of Hungary.
What is later revealed prior to this.
The driver refuses to take a dirt road and  after an argument  drives off leaving the group to walk the remaining distance to the lodge.
When a fallen tree blocking the road halts the bus s progress.
Eventually the group reaches the lodge.
Is old and.
The manager Richard convinces the wary but tired group to enter.
Harris discovers a file cabinet full of cryptic Palisade documents  written in Russian.
The group discusses the documents  leading Harris to relate a story  the lodge was previously a mental institution.
He d heard.
A Palisade-made nerve gas was used to clear it out.
The inmates took over.
Jill responds.
She d heard.
A Palisade-made nerve gas was used to clear escapees out of nearby buildings.
Both mention a lone survivor.
Who swore revenge.
Steve starts to tell his own story as a clinic staffed by busty nurses.
When he finds a human tooth the group is eating for dinner.
Chastising Gordon.
He just found.
That night Jill sees someone looking.
Everyone agrees.
Nobody is found outside.
They should leave the lodge.
The next morning Richard grudgingly sends Harris and Jill.
The rest participate.
Reaching the hill  Harris and Jill find.
The bus driver dead.
Back  the game of paintball has just finished.
When Gordon steps.
Gordon s left leg is cut through completely under the knee.
Harris and Jill arrive  load everyone in and head back for town.
A spike strip is thrown in front of the bus.
Causes it to crash.
Harris is thrown clear  and is decapitated by a masked killer with a machete.
Jill is captured and tied  then gagged  doused with gasoline and burned alive.
The rest discover Harris s body  prompting them to head.
A masked figure quietly grabs Gordon and carries him.
Steve and Maggie smoke.
Discovering Gordon s absence and a newly opened door  the four head.
Leads. 
Billy and Maggie find the now-dead Gordon.
Who has had the Palisade logo carved and a now-unmasked killer who fires a shotgun at them.
The two hide.
Where Billy dies.
Steve hides.
Richard escapes out the back.
Maggie sneaks up with a large knife.
The killer searches.
She took in the basement.
She falls.
The killer turns round and takes aim.
Steve saves her by impaling the killer through the back.
The killer falls down and becomes lodged.
Maggie takes his shotgun and shoots the killer.
Maggie and Steve exit the lodge believing  Russian-speaking killers are awaiting them outside.
They are safe  but discover that a group more armed.
Maggie shoots one.
He can fire.
The two run.
They come.
Who has stepped.
Richard guides Maggie and Steve.
The killers know and do not enter  they use a fallen branch to pass over the minefield close and torment him with insults and stones.
The area is a minefield.
They pass overhead.
Accepting his situation Richard does his best to save the others and steps  blowing up himself along with two of the killers.
Steve and Maggie come.
Find their boss George.
Who is partying.
George brings out a prototype missile launcher and fires it.
The missile locks instead  destroying it.
The five run  leading to the events shown in the beginning of the film.
Maggie is snared  then about to be molested  but manages to smash his head with a rock.
Steve encounters two attackers and gets beaten and stabbed  but eventually kills them.
Maggie is chased into an abandoned prison camp  filled with crates bearing the Palisade logo.
There  Maggie breaks her leg  but is saved  arrives and shoots the man.
When one  rescued by Steve.
Steve  Maggie and the escorts make it.
Steve jokingly quips  Foursome.
They paddle off.
<EOS>
Robert Terrell has finally fulfilled his lifelong dream of completing weather creation technology.
Has been a landmark event.
However   a team composed of Dr Jonathan Kirk  Carly Meyers and Dr Jack Hoffman send a blast of energy into the ionosphere  driving the planet into unexpected natural disasters.
The experiment also causes a damage.
Causes the police led to begin the investigation.
Dr Jonathan Kirk is the only one to intervene and demand.
The system be destroyed.
Terrell denies his requests  pushing his team forward.
Dr Kirk contacts news reporter Danni Wilson to help him expose the secrecy and lies -- -- of Terrell and the events.
Turns out to be Terrell working to use the technology as a key military weapon instead of for philanthropic reasons  as initially claimed.
Are unfolding.
General Braxton  however  has ordered hit men.
He works his way to shutdown the technology and save humanity.
The hit men murder Danni first and make.
It look like she was killed so he is immediately considered a prime suspect and arrested.
However  Det.
Williams begins to doubt.
He is the murderer.
To show the importance to General Braxton  Terrell orders.
The team to create a huge storm which disables the Afghan rebels.
But another blast only makes the situation worse.
A strong hurricane appears  heading to Peru.
The team then manages to redirect the hurricane away but then several hurricanes start to endanger the U.
S.
Mainland  the largest being headed.
Dr Kirk is captured by Stillman from the military intelligence.
Who knows many things.
He shows Dr Kirk the hole.
Is the cause.
He defeats Stillman and calls Det.
Williams to join him.
The hit men appear again and begin shooting but are killed by Det.
Williams.
General Braxton pushes Terrell to stop the violent weather.
The Pentagon cancels the funding.
Means necessary.
The research team has no idea.
To settle the things.
Facing the imminent catastrophe  Terrell stops pushing the team  allowing them to do.
Whatever they want.
Dr Kirk arrives to apply his method to fix the hole in the ionosphere.
The action is successful.
Terrell changes his mind and aims a gun.
Who sees the solution.
He is then shot.
Williams and General Braxton is arrested but commits a suicide.
<EOS>
Darna Mana Hai interweaves six stories.
Seven friends get stuck.
When their car breaks down.
They find refuge.
To keep each other amused  they tell each other horror and supernatural stories.
They have heard.
Shruti is the bravest and seems unafraid of any of the stories.
Are told.
The first story revolves.
Who get stuck.
Karan gets out to investigate the problem.
Their car suddenly stops.
Anjali gets out and runs into the forest to rescue him.
She finds Karan s torch covered and is stalked by an unseen person or supernatural being.
Panicking  Anjali runs around and finds a hand reaching out.
She then becomes terrified to find.
The hand is wearing a watch identical.
The hand disappears.
Someone creeps up.
It turns out to be Karan.
Anjali screams.
Karan seems completely normal and fine.
Anjali  whimpering  attempts to tell him that she heard him screaming.
However  Karan tells her.
He heard her screams.
She looks.
She found.
Is suddenly clean.
She then hurries back  telling him to get them both out of there.
Karan and the panicked Anjali climb into the car and drive off.
Karan puts his arm around her.
She leans and closes her eyes.
He then smirks and looks.
Anjali seems to be leaning.
This conveys.
He did die and is now a ghost.
One of the friends around the bonfire go into the forest.
The second story is.
Who checks to Mumbai.
The manager and owner is a strange and eccentric man.
Who insists that smoking is strongly prohibited.
The man restricts him  telling him.
When Anil tries to go outside.
Come along.
The owner then locks Anil and tells him that in a matter of months  he can cure his smoking addiction.
The owner takes Anil and shows him piles of dead bodies  telling him.
He tried to prevent them.
These people would not stop smoking.
Anil is now seen working at the lodge  acting strange and eccentric himself.
Anil tells him.
When a customer walks and asks him for a room.
Smoking is strongly prohibited and then proceeds to shoot the man.
The story ends.
V.
When an ad runs as a commercial.
This story is similar.
It also shares many thematic elements.
A second friend in the group around the bonfire goes into the forest.
The third story is that.
He confronts a strange student  Pramila.
Who is always punished.
Later  she suddenly becomes a bright student and starts doing her homework regularly.
But ironically   the teacher sees.
She has drawn an  depicting the sign.
This disturbs him and causes him to act strangely.
He decides to go to Pramila s house.
Pramila s mother confronts and thinks.
Him and he explains that he once murdered a bright classmate.
Pramila is a reincarnation.
He says.
She drew the Om sign to prove it.
The teacher loses his sanity.
The third friend also enters the forest.
This story is told.
The fourth story centers.
Who buys mysterious apples.
Her husband eats one and finds it very tasty.
When she gets home.
The wife worries.
Something might happen after eating the apples  as she finds the vendor very suspicious.
The next morning   she is shocked to find an apple next instead of her husband.
When she wakes up.
She is even more shocked.
When she realizes that her husband has turned after eating it.
She runs outside and is astonished to see apples everywhere  after every person.
Who has eaten them turned.
The vendor then appears  offering her his last apple for free.
An elderly man named.
John is standing.
A young man drives by and gives John a lift.
Amar asks John.
He was.
He thinks that John s wife is dead so he might have come to visit her grave.
But John says.
It is actually he who is dead.
Amar dismisses it.
Amar gets irritated by John s strange behavior.
Amar then stops the car  gets out and asks John to get out.
John then explains.
He works for MTV Bakra and Amar is the first person not to get scared.
Amar says.
He was not scared because he knew beforehand that John was not a ghost.
He says himself is a ghost.
He knew this.
John thinks.
Amar is now trying to play a prank to get back.
Amar then takes  revealing.
His eyes are hollow.
He dies.
When John sees this.
Each friend had gone into the forest.
Each story was told.
Only two friends are left.
None have returned.
The two start talking about other things  sitting at a corner.
When a man suddenly appears.
The strange man approaches the two and tells them.
He has heard the five stories.
He asks the boy to tell a story and narrates the following.
The sixth and final story is.
Purab contemplates suicide.
Abhilasha rejects his advances.
Nobody else likes him either.
He sadly rants.
Later  he discovers - he can immobilize a particular person.
He has developed an extraordinary ability.
Purab uses his ability to freeze Abhilasha  and later imitates it by immobilizing a number of students in their college.
Abhilasha  frightened  agrees to date him.
Thereafter  Purab goes and uses his power on his father on the way to his room.
He  in delight of his ability  starts making plans to use his power.
He says Stop.
He looks.
Freezes him.
His father finds him  with a victorious smile frozen on his face.
He is immediately rushed.
Nothing can be done now.
The strange man tells the two friends.
It is his turn now to tell a story.
He tells them a story.
They are partly familiar.
His story is the following  A group are travelling.
When their car breaks down one night.
They seek shelter and start telling stories to each other to kill time.
One friend in the group goes out into the forest and gets killed  one by one.
Only two are left.
The two friends stop telling stories.
Are left.
The killer   comes out.
Who is now bored.
The killer appears to be the very same strange man.
Is narrating this story.
He says.
His only reason is fear because he can not stand it and would kill anyone who is scared.
The man then kills the boy.
The girl  Shruti  runs.
Fast as she can.
The killer catches up and stabs her.
She manages to kill the man.
Shruti awakes and walks up to find.
When day breaks.
Her friends  bodies are being taken.
Then she sees the killer standing  smiling.
Shruti points and tries to tell the police.
He is the murderer.
The police take no notice and appear not to hear her.
The killer then points.
She shockingly discovers to be her own.
She realizes.
She too is dead and is now a ghost  and watches their bodies being taken away.
She is soon joined.
She is watching.
<EOS>
The documentary is divided.
The first section is a dramatization of a sneak attack by Soviet Union nuclear weapons against the United States.
The premise is based on Soviet nuclear submarines approaching the United States west coast undetected and launching a barrage of missiles at ICBM silos and B-52 bomber bases.
Other Soviet forces manage to destroy a number.
S.
Ballistic missile submarines.
Strategic Air Command realizes.
What is happening.
S.
Strategic forces have been destroyed.
The President is forced to surrender to the Soviet Union.
American casualties are stated to be eight million dead - this low number is due.
The second portion is a series of interviews.
Where analysts discuss American security and the ability to attack with little to no warning.
<EOS>
Several men try to stop an ancient Native American evil.
Is attacking a beach community.
<EOS>
A murderer takes refuge.
The doctor tells him three stories to convince him.
Crime does nt pay.
<EOS>
A totalitarian government employs a force known as Firemen to seek out and destroy all literature  permitting them to search anyone  anywhere  at any time.
One  Guy Montag  meets one of his neighbours  Clarisse  a 20-year-old schoolteacher due to her unorthodox views.
Whose job is hanging.
The two have a discussion.
Where she asks if he ever reads the books he burns.
Curious  he begins to hide books  and begins reading them  starting with Charles Dickens  David Copperfield.
This leads with his wife  Linda.
Who is more concerned.
The captain talks with Montag at length about.
Books change people and make them want to be better.
The book collector  a middle-aged woman  refuses to leave her house  opting instead to burn herself and the house.
Who was seen a few times during Montag s rides to and from work.
She can die.
Returning home that day  Montag tries to tell Linda and her friends.
Who martyred herself and calls them out on knowing nothing about what s going on in the world  calling them zombies and telling them they re just killing time instead of living life.
Disturbed  Linda s friends try to leave.
Montag stops them.
One of Linda s friends breaks down crying  now fully aware of the feelings she repressed over the years.
Linda s other friends leave.
That night  Montag dreams as the book collector.
Who killed herself.
That same night  Clarisse s house is raided.
She escapes thanks to her uncle.
Montag breaks looking for information about the missing Clarisse  and is caught  but not punished.
Montag meets and helps her break back into her house to destroy papers.
Would bring the Firemen.
She tells him.
Who flout the law.
Each of whom have memorized a single book to keep it alive.
Later  Montag tells the captain  but is convinced to go.
He is resigning.
Turns out to be Montag s own house.
Linda leaves the house  telling Montag.
She could nt live anymore and leaves him to be punished by the Firemen.
Angrily  he destroys the bedroom and television.
The captain lectures him  and pulls a last book from Montag s coat.
Which Montag kills him.
He escapes and finds the book.
People  where he views his capture  staged to keep the masses entertained and because the government does nt want him alive.
Montag selects a book to memorize  Tales by Edgar Allan Poe  and becomes one of them.
<EOS>
The movie is a semi-autobiographical story.
Attla  known  took his nickname from one of his mentors  Jimmy Huntington.
Who first began winning races.
This nickname has become associated with Attla far more than with Huntington.
Attla was a leading star.
He won the Fur Rendezvous World Championship race  held.
He also won 8 championships  held in Fairbanks  Alaska.
Despite his mushing experience being geared more towards sprint than distance racing  Attla competed in the inaugural Iditarod Trail Sled Dog Race in 1973  placing fifth.
Attla spoke of the popularity of the Iditarod  and.
Sprint racing is now a second-class sport.
The general theme centered around Attla s rivalry with the other leading sprint competitors of the day  fellow Alaska Native Gareth Wright and Massachusetts musher Roland Doc Lombard  the preparations for an upcoming big race  and his first major race victory.
Most was set and filmed in Fairbanks.
A number  including local Alaska Natives  University of Alaska Fairbanks professor Lee Salisbury  and KFAR disc jockey/newscaster Bill Walley  appear in minor roles.
<EOS>
Jianbin and Xiaohui are a young couple living.
Who have been married.
The couple has begun to grow bored.
The film starts.
Xiaohui   tentatively begins a flirtatious relationship.
Who works.
Jianbin  meanwhile  has recently been laid off.
He keeps it a secret by dressing for work every morning  hiding his briefcase in a public bathroom and riding the Beijing metro for most of the day.
Jianbin becomes aware blossoming around him.
Riding the subway every day.
Wang Yao  a thirty-four-year-old cook is despondent.
When his blind date  Li Chuan  is seriously injured.
Meanwhile  a fellow subway passenger  a health food saleswoman  discovers.
Who hawks her goods every day.
Her boyfriend has been cheating and has decided to leave her.
The unlikely pair eventually find love and become engaged to be married.
Another relationship also begins.
The man  painfully shy  takes pictures with a note asking to meet the girl.
He flees.
He is too ashamed to speak  but manages to communicate his cell phone number.
When Tian Ai finally finds and confronts him.
The train pulls away.
His life seems to spiral more out of control.
Unable to pay the rent.
Quickly running out  he also becomes aware.
His wife may be having an affair.
Xiaohui keeps her relationship.
Jianbin  however  tells his wife.
His work has decided to send him.
He begins to contemplate leaving Xiaohui.
He visits the blinded schoolteacher.
Pretending to be the cook  the two begin a close friendship.
Jianbin and Xiaohui s relationship seems to be.
Jianbin decides to confront Lao Hu where he lights the latter man s newspaper on fire.
Neither is willing to reveal the truth.
Xiaohui  however  finally learns and has been riding the subway from Wang Yao.
Jianbin has lost his job.
As Jianbin leaves.
Jianbin heads to the hospital to see Li Chuan s bandages to come off.
But he leaves.
She can see him  as Jianbin realizes that he still loves his wife.
Xiaohui and Jianbin then meet.
Where they first arrived seven years ago as the film ends.
<EOS>
The film shows the 16th Century Spanish nun St Teresa.
<EOS>
The film was made famous.
Employs many girls.
Ravi  a taxi driver  meets Pooja.
She is bought.
His friend Gotya is.
The story shows.
Ravi  whose own sister committed suicide  come together.
The title Sadak is Urdu and signifies the place.
Where the poor Ravi and Gotya live.
<EOS>
Party man Ludo takes off late at night on his scooter.
Where he s blindsided.
Lying in the hospital  Ludo is visited by his band of longtime pals.
Who decide that the gruesome crash should not prevent them.
Another major problem arises  their initial tete-a-tete is one of the film s comic highlights.
When one confesses his attraction to nervous-wreck restaurateur Max.
Both are married.
Max clearly is nt game  so  tensions are.
When they arrive later at his pristine seaside cottage.
The group s stress level is further goosed.
Of whom are suffering.
<EOS>
One day Rupert decides to climb the hills.
He sets off for a jolly trip.
He encounters his friends Bill and Edward.
Rupert asks them.
They join him.
Edward has to do some shopping.
Bill has to look.
Rupert accepts.
His friends are busy  as he sets out and wishes them a good day.
Once there  he props himself up and sucks in the glory of the countryside.
Suddenly he finds.
Himself enveloped.
All swarm away from the leafless oak tree towards a rocky outcrop.
Rupert could not resist following them.
A large white Barn Owl lands.
He leaves.
All three soon follow Rupert.
Rupert finds a large number of multicolored frogs.
He walks and sees three signs  Frogs only beyond this Point  Everything except frogs must be kept on a lead.
Guard frogs operating.
He sneaks.
Most of the frogs sing We All Stand Together.
The frog King and Queen rise out of the water before the crowd.
The owl  launches for an attack on the royals  Rupert yells  Look out.
The king and queen are almost snatched.
They re-submerge just  disappointed.
Rupert s mother soon calls him back home.
Rupert excitedly tells her.
What he saw.
<EOS>
Jim Lucky Moore  an insurance salesman  comes up  a ` love insurance policy    Cynthia.
Will pay out $ 1-million if Steve does not marry his fiancee.
The upcoming marriage is jeopardized.
The policy is underwritten.
Who sends two enforcers - Abbott and Costello - to ensure that the wedding occurs as planned.
Everyone involved up sailing or flying to San Marcos   when Lucky falls for Cynthia.
Where another complication arises.
Lucky winds up marrying Cynthia.
Roscoe does not have to pay the $.
Steve ends up marrying Mickey.
<EOS>
The film opens.
Where El Charro acts.
She scorns him.
Prompts El Charro to kill everyone she cares about.
However  Maria s ancestor still refuses El Charro.
Who decides to put a curse.
We are brought to the present day 21st century.
Where we are introduced Chris  who are roommates in college.
It is a Friday or so.
Maria   is coerced to go to Chris  uncle s Arizona cottage for the weekend.
Who we learn is suffering.
However  the group is persistently attacked with a machete.
Reaching Arizona.
Eventually  El Charro kills every one except for Maria.
Who races.
Using his heavenly abilities  Michael kills El Charro.
The curse is thus destroyed as well.
<EOS>
The planetarium dome is suffused  with a suggestion of clouds.
The audience is seated.
The presenter walks and flourishes a glowing ball about the size of a grapefruit.
He/She alternately lights and dims to accent a description.
The orb fades  the theater darkens.
The audience experiences a simulated sunset projected.
The star projector rises to simulate the night sky.
The lecturer asks the audience to imagine  using the star projector.
Mysterious the stars must have seemed  and then demonstrates.
People invented constellations to make sense of the randomly scattered stars.
We see the complex motions of the sun  moon  and planets.
The scene dissolves.
We see the Great Library and the Pharos Lighthouse.
Next to a pool surrounded by torches  we see the 2nd Century astronomer Claudius Ptolemy adjusting an armillary sphere to chart star positions.
Behind Ptolemy is a small table.
Rests a scroll.
We approach the scroll and see.
It depicts a geocentric model.
Paintings morph into 3D representations of the sun  earth  and planets.
Hover and rotate within a complex system of crystalline spheres  illustrating the earth-centered model of the universe that persisted until the Renaissance.
The flame pans across the field of view and dissolves to a candle flame burning above the workshop table of Galileo Galilei in Italy around the year.
We move.
Where Galileo is observing.
We see his sketches of the moons of Jupiter and the phases of Venus.
These drawings also morph to demonstrate and helped establish the Copernican model of the solar system.
Galileo s observations transformed our perception.
The film transports the audience.
When Edwin Hubble discovered the true nature and the expansion of the universe.
We see a representation of the Big Bang.
The device is used to suggest.
Scientists must apply imagination to interpret their observations.
The presenter once again appears and delivers an epilogue  reminding the audience  we are stardust.
Earth and everything  including its inhabitants  was made from the clouds of dust and gas that lace the Milky Way.
The universe is our home.
<EOS>
A group is taken to a camp destined to deserters.
They end up.
Which they are trained.
They are moved to the Aures mountains in Algeria.
Where they face off.
The battalion captures a rebel.
They must execute the next morning.
Will discipline override their deepest convictions.
<EOS>
The film begins  contrasting the careful selection observed in the animal world with the less predictable breeding habits of humans.
This is illustrated.
Joyce s son Larry is.
Jim Joyce turns him  strangling a cat as a sort of coming of age ritual.
Larry Joyce contracts a case  and seeks out treatment from Doctor Von Eiden.
Who also takes a keen interest May.
Von Eiden encourages May to make a break.
She succeeds.
However she is unable to find employment and enters as a kept woman.
Her sister Jennie does marry a man named Bull McGee  an abusive lout.
May will not marry the Senator.
Their infant child is killed.
When McGee trips.
Jennie becomes delusional  endlessly rocking the cradle.
McGee is repulsed and puts Jennie away quietly through selling her into prostitution.
May manages to wrest Jennie away.
Jennie expires soon.
Von Eiden  however  has managed to restore Larry s original sensitivity  May has broken off the relationship with the Senator and agrees to marry Von Eiden.
<EOS>
Margaret Ford is a psychiatrist.
She has published a book  Driven  Compulsion and Obsession.
Has made her financially well off.
One day  she s.
Who informs her that his life is.
He owes $ 25000 -- money.
He does nt have.
He will be killed.
He does nt pay.
Margaret visits a pool hall and bar called the House and confronts the man Billy owes  Mike.
Margaret sizes Mike up as a tough talker  but not a violent gangster.
Mike reveals and agrees to forgive the debt.
Billy s debt is only eight hundred dollars.
Margaret accompanies him  using her to help spot the tell of another gambler.
Exhilarated  Margaret even volunteers $ 6000 of her own money to back up Mike s bet.
She s spotted the tell that Mike s opponent is bluffing.
Things go wrong.
Not only does the player have a winning hand  he also brandishes a gun  demanding the $.
She promised.
It is only.
When Margaret sees a drop fall from the pistol barrel that she realizes the whole setup is a con - designed strictly to take her money.
Mike and his men see.
The jig is up  and nonchalantly pack up the con.
Mike apologizes  saying  nothing personal.
It was only business.
Back  Margaret continues to think about her night at the House of Games.
She returns  proposing.
She follow him around  learn the ins and outs  perhaps write a book on the experience.
Mike is skeptical but agrees.
He shows her.
A con game works.
Her fascination grows.
The pair end up going and making love.
Mike mentions.
He has a role that night.
Margaret begs to tag along.
Mike  his associate Joey  and their mark come.
Someone seems to have accidentally left before getting into a cab.
The three men go to keep an eye on each other and discuss.
What to do.
Mike confides.
The $ 80000 is real  borrowed from the mob and due back the next day.
The plan is to have the mark propose paying Mike and Joey a percentage.
Then they will switch the case.
The mark does as planned.
Margaret sees and hears.
What no one else does  that he has a gun  and that he is planning with others over a two-way radio to arrest the trio.
Margaret warns Mike and Joey.
It s a trap.
She is desperate not to get caught herself.
A scuffle develops.
The cop/mark is killed.
When his gun discharges.
Mike makes a run with Joey and Margaret.
They steal a car and escape.
But the briefcase is nowhere to be found  it s been left behind.
Mike blurts out.
The mob will turn them if they fail to return the mob s money.
Margaret   offers to replace the $.
Who has now fallen and fears for his safety  as well as her own.
Overwhelmed  Margaret is visited by Billy  her patient  but is too distressed to have a session with him.
She spots Billy leaving her place and sees.
His car is the very escape vehicle she was pressed.
Margaret puts the pieces together.
She spies on the con men -- and sees for herself  making love to her  she overhears  was a small price to pay.
Whom is the dead.
Everything was a ruse to swindle her out.
Mike say.
Margaret has a gun.
She has overheard and lies at the airport.
When Mike is leaving town.
She puts on an act  pleading to travel with him with the additional $ 250000 she says.
She has brought.
Mike coaxes her.
Where they can be alone.
Mike realizes.
When she misspeaks.
Margaret knows the score.
He tells.
Her there s nothing she can do and turns to leave.
Margaret pulls out her gun and demands.
Mike beg her.
He refuses.
She shoots him.
Later  we see.
Margaret has gone  as her mentor had urged her to do.
She shows no sign for murdering Mike.
She steals a gold lighter out and relishes the acquisition.
<EOS>
Bex is the leader.
Travels up and down the country to fight other firms.
Dom is a normal teenage lad.
Who hangs around.
One night they go.
Tel is headbutted in the face by Bex.
The morning  Dom walks in and apologises.
Tel tells Dom that Bex is  the two then go to the local pub the Lord Nelson where the firm hangs out.
Bex then tells Dom.
He has a lot.
Dom finds out.
Where Bex works and goes to visit him.
They become acquaintances  visiting a sports shop.
Where Bex purchases a pair.
He then asks Dom.
He wants to play.
Dom accepts.
Dom asks his Dad to buy the same pair of trainers.
Dom arrives late and is put in goal.
The rest begin to take a liking to him especially Jay.
He saves a vital penalty.
Who asks if he is coming at the weekend.
Dom agrees.
One comes to visit Bex at work.
Where he tells him that Millwall s firm and Portsmouth s firm are meeting to discuss the up and coming matches.
Dom persuades his parents to buy him an Ellesse tracksuit.
Saturday comes.
The firm are at the station getting a train.
They meet the Portsmouth firm.
When they get there.
Police arrive and try to break up the two teams.
Dom is punched but stays on his feet and punches back.
Bex visits Dom and tells him to not make any plans for the weekend.
Dom sees Tel.
Who criticises his tracksuit.
Dom tells him.
He is part now.
Dom meets Jay  the two go and steal a load of gear.
Some go to Bex s house to talk about a possible national firm  with the UEFA European Football Championship a dream.
Bex has.
He talked about to two.
He asks Dom.
He would like to go.
Dom agrees.
Bex says.
He has to get blooded first  which means he has to get the firms symbol engraved.
Bex pulls out a Stanley knife and starts to engrave.
He realises.
When the rest lick their hands and rub off the symbol that is on their arms.
It is a joke.
He does not go.
Dom is mocked.
Bex then visits him and tells him to stand up for himself  and invites him to a night club.
Dom also gets invited.
The firm end up going.
They get attacked.
Suffer a humiliating defeat.
Bex  along and some other members of the West Ham firm go back later and ambush a Millwall fan.
He leaves the pub.
They return home only to find.
Their cars have been smashed up.
A calling card has been placed  you have just met the Yeti.
<EOS>
The love affair between an American pilot named.
Jack Ames and a French spy named Madeleine Aubert is chronicled.
Madeleine leaves her American boyfriend to join her father  another agent  at an estate in Germany.
She is supposed to seduce a German officer.
Order to gain information that another spy will steal after landing on the grounds.
That spy turns out to be Jack.
Madeleine is supposed to signal her compatriot to advance  but the Germans have found out about the scheme.
Jack is exposed.
The pair of lovers are led out to a firing squad.
<EOS>
A Police Inspector is assigned to investigate the case.
Whose body is recovered.
The cop checks.
This matter can be linked.
D.
Chakravarthy and his.
The dead woman is identified.
Whom Ravi kills and packs the dead body and dumps the box into a river in the city s outskirts.
Lakshmi had left their home to go to visit her parents.
He himself had gone  had accompanied his father-in-law to the nearest police station and filed a report.
When she had not arrived 24 hours later.
She is missing.
The cop concludes.
Lakshmi was waylaid to her parents  house by person unknown  beaten.
Her body was left.
But this case puzzles him.
There was no apparent motive to waylay her.
No money was taken.
Her body does not shown any signs.
Taking these facts  The cop starts to suspect Ravi.
Ravi s assistant tries to help Ravi.
However  her involvement makes the matter worse.
The movie then takes the audience.
Ravi makes out.
<EOS>
1971  Arnold  a New York female impersonator  meets Ed  a bisexual schoolteacher.
They fall.
Ed  however  is uncomfortable.
He leaves Arnold.
1973-79   Arnold meets the love of his life  a male model named Alan.
They settle down together  later spending a weekend in the country.
Where their relationship is tested but endures.
Eventually  they apply to foster a child together.
Their application is eventually successful and so they move.
However   Alan is killed in a homophobic attack.
1980  Months later   Arnold s mother comes to visit from Florida.
Her visit leads.
Arnold s mother disapproves.
They have a series.
Where Arnold demands that she accept him  insisting that if she ca nt then she has no place in his life.
The following morning   they have a conversation.
She returns.
Where   they seem to understand each other.
Arnold s life is finally complete.
<EOS>
Oswald and a lady cat are canoeing.
The cat plays a guitar and dances.
The rabbit rows.
One day  their ride was roughen.
They were  however  able to make it safely to shore.
Oswald then converted their boat.
Where they begin moving.
Oswald took the cat home.
Is a tall condo building.
Oswald asked her.
The cat goes inside.
They should be married as well as having a dozen children.
The cat considers this a possibility and agrees.
It then turns out.
The cat also has a romantic relationship.
The bloodhound angrily kicks Oswald away and takes the cat inside  much.
Still willing to pursue his dreams  Oswald elevates the carriage of his car above its chassis.
He then moves the car and attempts to serenade the cat with a trombone.
Oswald s musical play prevailed.
The cat showed up.
Suddenly  the cat was pulled back.
Who appears and attempts to punch him away.
Oswald pushes the grumpy dog back and picks up the cat using the slide of his instrument.
Oswald and the cat then made a getaway.
Hating to lose cat  the bloodhound ties a rope and suspense himself under a passing eagle.
He carries a rifle and goes forth to chase and shoot Oswald.
Oswald and the cat are still.
The carriage still elevated several feet.
The bloodhound opened fire.
Oswald tried to cover himself using the trombone.
One  however  damaged a vital part in his vehicle  causing it to come down and halt.
The bloodhound jumps down and prompts him to stop.
Oswald attempts to run.
The bloodhound then puts a tombstone  designated  on the ground  and forces the rabbit to dig a grave.
Oswald reluctantly picks up a shovel and digs.
A fountain of oil started shooting upward from.
Where Oswald was digging.
Oswald and the bloodhound gave up their rivalry and became good friends.
They and the cat became rich and happy.
<EOS>
A Sealyham Terrier named.
Jennie leaves a comfortable life and embarks.
<EOS>
Dorothy finds herself back with Toto.
A tornado whips and causes a loose gate to knock her unconscious.
The first new character is a talking Signpost.
They meet.
Has three signs pointing.
Each sign says Emerald City  so they are going to have to find it themselves.
They then fall.
Where they meet Pumpkinhead  the unwilling servant  the cousin of both the deceased Wicked Witch of the East and the Wicked Witch of the West.
Toto chases a cat.
Where Dorothy has the distinct displeasure.
Dorothy is pushed.
Comes. 
It hooks her arms.
Pumpkinhead sneaks.
Mombi has gone to get some more wood.
She is brewing something big  green elephants.
She is planning to use in her plot to conquer the Emerald City and become Queen of Oz.
Pumpkinhead frees Dorothy.
They flee.
Pumpkinhead is responsible.
The Scarecrow will not help when her green elephants come crashing.
Dorothy and Pumpkinhead discover.
Heading. 
What appears to be a horse .
They get him off.
He introduces himself.
He explains  he was a merry-go-round horse.
He ended up.
Who fell.
He takes them.
Where Dorothy warns the Scarecrow.
Unfortunately  she happens to arrive moments later.
Toto and the Scarecrow are captured.
Dorothy  Pumpkinhead  and Woodenhead flee and try to convince the Tin Man to help them.
However.
Mombi s army consists.
They ask the Cowardly Lion.
She appears on her arm.
The bird uses its Tattle Tail to show.
What is occurring.
She then gives Dorothy a little silver box.
She instructs her to open it.
She repeats the warning  and then opens a hollow panel.
Where she hides it.
They ride off.
Glinda tells her bird to keep them tuned.
Mombi has been watching them  and knows.
Their path will take them.
Using her magic  she brings the trees.
Luckily  Glinda is also keeping a watchful eye.
She conjures a golden hatchet.
She zaps.
One snatches it from him  but ends up hitting one of the other trees  turning it to gold and making it bloom.
The tree hits.
The others  turning them  and finally  ends up doing the same to himself.
Woodenhead continues to carry Dorothy and Pumpkinhead back.
Mombi s elephants surprise them.
When they arrive.
A large army emerge from it  scaring off the elephants.
When Dorothy flips open Glinda s box.
Mombi sees them.
She does not see the mice chasing them.
She brews a potion to shrink Toto to.
She can feed him.
One scares her.
Who throws the potion.
A drop drips  landing on the cat.
The magic mice are much larger  so the tiny crow and cat flee in fear.
Running outside  Mombi disguises.
Herself as a rose.
The elephants trample and kill her then disappear.
The Scarecrow explains.
When a witch dies  all her magic dies.
Unfortunately  that also means.
Pumpkinhead loses the life she gave him.
However  he comes back.
When one falls on his head.
Glinda tells her.
There s a magic stronger than her own as well as Mombi s put together  the strongest one  faith and love.
The Scarecrow makes Woodenhead the head.
Now  all Dorothy wants.
Is to go home in Kansas.
The Scarecrow flips and reads a section.
States that a visitor may return the way they came if similar transportation is available.
Glinda asks.
Dorothy reveals she came.
Some leaves.
Pumpkinhead gives her some.
She waves her wand.
They form a tornado.
Takes Dorothy and Toto back home.
Dorothy promises.
She will return someday.
<EOS>
Fernando Torres   drops out of college to become a successful lounge singer at a local club.
A fact he keeps secret under the name of Tonina Jackson.
Tonino has had some recent popularity bribing other wrestlers to lose.
Fernando is also secretly moonlighting to further help with the household expenses.
He is assisted.
Who doubles for any situation in which Fernando and Huracan might have to be seen at the same time.
Tonino has a growing resentment and is further aggravated.
When he refuses to face him.
Fernando s father discovers his secret job as a lounge singer.
Unimpressed and disappointed  he demands Fernando to leave his household.
He ended his schooling.
Tonina is later dissuaded.
Who explains Fernando has been helping.
The family would have been unable to survive.
Meanwhile  the local wrestling promoter discovers.
Fernando has been setting up his father s matches.
The promoter promises not to expose him as long.
Further bribes do not occur.
A drunken Pichi is mistaken for Huracan Ramirez.
Pichi manages to defeat the flamboyant Bello Califa.
Both Fernando s sisters discover the true identity of Huracan.
Fernando wrestles against El Medico Asesino  only to be interrupted by an angry Totina.
Fernando relents.
Totina develops a great respect and decides to form an alliance with him.
Their impromptu match comes.
Meanwhile  Gloria  a fellow lounge singer and Fernando s former flame  feels dejected.
When her love goes on unrequited.
She is later enraged to learn.
He has a new girlfriend  Laura  Pichi s older sister.
A broken-hearted Gloria seeks revenge  plots to kill him by enlisting the aid of rival luchadors Frank El Carnicero Bucher  El Medico Asesino  Camilo Bulldog Perez.
The plan is to kidnap Fernando s father.
Who will thereby be unable to attend the night s tag-team match  and be replaced.
Bulldog will turn against Huracan.
The three luchadors will beat him.
Their plan is foiled however.
Who arrives just to free his father.
His leg is badly injured.
Totina leaves to be replaced last minute by Bulldog  a reversal of Gloria s original plan.
Fernando manages to rush to fend off his father s attackers  but in his wounded state is easily overpowered by them.
One of the luchadors unmasks Fernando  revealing his true identity to his father.
Both father and son are put in a blind rage.
Which they both are able to defeat their attackers.
<EOS>
The film begins.
` the following events are taken.
A werewolf enters a tomb and tells his vampire ` Master.
It is time.
A hand reaches out and lifts the lid.
A shadow appears.
The unmistakable voice asks.
What happened while he was asleep.
The werewolf replies.
His latest victim has been taken.
Baffled  Lady Jane Ainsley has called in Professor Walter Saunders.
Two children enter.
They are discussing the patient.
They are Lady Jane s son  John  and Professor Saunders  granddaughter  Nikki.
Lady Jane and the professor send the children to their patient.
The vampire  finding  attacks Nikki instead.
His victim is not alone.
Professor Saunders sits up the rest  reading a book on vampires written two hundred years ago by Armand Tesla.
The patient dies.
The following morning  the professor shows Lady Jane the bite marks  and tells her.
He believes they were caused.
Lady Jane is skeptical.
They discover similar bite marks.
Professor Saunders and Lady Jane go.
The werewolf returns and tries to stop them  but  the werewolf returns.
They are about to drive a stake.
The vampire is staked.
The story now jumps forward 24 years.
Professor Saunders has just died.
His account was found among his effects.
Sir Fredrick Fleet sits at Scotland Yard  reading the professor s manuscript.
Sir Frederick tells Lady Jane.
He intends to find the body.
Lady Jane is guilty.
The man really was alive when they staked him.
Lady Jane tells Sir Frederick.
The professor staked was two hundred years old.
He was none other.
Whose lifelong fascination himself.
The scene moves.
Her son  John  and Professor Saunders  granddaughter  Nikki  are now adults and plan to marry.
It is World War Two.
Nikki is.
John is  having been discharged from the RAF due to a war injury.
Lady Jane tells him.
When she and John are alone.
John asks.
She is worried.
Lady Jane says.
When Sir Frederick finds Tesla s body  he will see that it has nt decomposed.
That will prove.
Tesla was a vampire.
They agree not to tell Nikki.
They do nt want to remind her.
When she was bitten.
Andreas enters.
They are talking.
He used to be Tesla s werewolf servant.
Freed  he has become human again  and is Lady Jane s assistant at the clinic.
Andreas is visibly upset.
When he hears that the vampire s body is going to be dug up.
A bomb falls on the cemetery.
Gravediggers are assigned to rebury the disturbed coffins.
They find Tesla s body  assume  and pull it out.
The stake driven was part of a bomb.
Back  Lady Jane tells Andreas.
Hugo Bruckner  a famous scientist  has escaped a Nazi concentration camp and is coming to work with her.
She sends Andreas to meet Dr Bruckner s boat and bring him back.
Andreas sees the risen vampire.
Now   the audience see Lugosi s face.
Fixing Andreas  the vampire says.
He was responsible.
Now he will take his revenge.
Andreas  once again  becomes a werewolf.
He kills.
Bruckner and Tesla takes his place.
The following morning  Sir Frederick and Lady Jane come.
Sir Frederick declares.
When they find there is nothing left but a hole where the bomb fell.
The case is closed.
That evening  Lady Jane throws a party to celebrate John and Nikki s engagement.
Sir Frederick arrives.
He asks Lady Jane.
Whether he should give the manuscript  since she is the professor s granddaughter and only living relative.
Lady Jane takes the manuscript and locks it.
She does nt want Nikki to be reminded.
Tesla arrives  pretending to be Bruckner.
He charms everyone.
Who seems suspicious.
Lady Jane discovers.
The drawer has been forced open and the professor s manuscript stolen.
She calls.
He finds.
Some hairs stuck  and puts them in his pocket.
Upstairs  Nikki finds the manuscript lying and begins reading it.
Later  she hears Tesla s voice calling.
She asks.
Who he is.
He replies.
She already knows.
The following morning  John and Lady Jane find Nikki lying unconscious.
John is upset.
When he sees the bite marks.
Lady Jane assures him.
Everything will be all right.
Lady Jane returns and speaks with the gravediggers.
They tell her.
They found a body in it.
They pulled out the stake and reburied the body.
Now it s missing.
She tells this.
He dismisses it.
He does nt believe.
Instead he assigns two plainclothes men to shadow Andreas.
Andreas changes.
The two men are following him.
He runs away  dropping the bundle.
He was carrying.
The two men take the bundle.
Who opens it and finds it contains the personal effects.
Sir Frederick s suspicions are now confirmed.
Another man comes in.
Sir Frederick is examining the contents.
He says.
A laboratory analysis show them to be wolf s hairs.
That night   Tesla calls again.
Nikki sleeps.
He tells her to go.
The following morning  Lady Jane finds John lying with bite marks on his neck.
Nikki is convinced.
She is becoming a vampire.
Lady Jane tells her.
Tesla bit John  hoping to make Nikki believe she did it.
Sir Frederick and Lady Jane question Andreas.
His hands become hairy and clawlike.
He runs away.
He completes his transformation.
Sir Frederick assigns the same two plainclothes men to follow.
The vampire eludes them.
Bruckner/Tesla goes and stands in the shadows  watching Lady Jane.
She plays the organ.
He tells her.
Now she knows who he really is  he will take his revenge.
He will turn Nikki.
She will then do the same.
Lady Jane pushes the sheet music aside  revealing a cross.
The vampire disappears.
Again Tesla calls.
She rises  leaves her bedroom and walks down the stairs.
Downstairs  Sir Frederick and Lady Jane are once again arguing the existence.
They stop arguing and follow her.
When they see Nikki coming down the stairs.
Nikki goes.
Where Tesla and Andreas are waiting.
The air raid siren goes off.
Bombs start falling.
Nikki faints.
The werewolf picks her up and is carrying her to safety.
When Sir Frederick shoots him.
The wounded werewolf staggers  still carrying the unconscious Nikki.
He lays her down and asks Tesla.
The vampire says.
He no longer needs him  and tells Andreas to crawl and die.
The werewolf obediently crawls.
Where he finds a crucifix.
He picks it up  and returns.
An explosion fills the screen  indicating.
A bomb has hit the cemetery.
She sees Andreas dragging an unconscious Tesla out.
When Nikki awakes.
It is now dawn.
The vampire begins to decompose.
Andreas also dies.
Tesla dies.
Sir Frederick and Lady Jane had taken shelter  and continued quarreling.
They now rush back and find Nikki.
Who tells them that Andreas saved her.
Lady Jane asks Sir Frederick.
He now believes.
He says.
He is still an unbeliever.
He turns and asks them ` You two fellows do nt believe in vampires  do you.
He then faces the camera and asks ` Do you people.
<EOS>
A death row inmate has one final request  he wants to spend the night with a woman.
The police bring him a suicidal prostitute.
The two are married by the prison chaplain.
He describes a dream.
He had where the rope breaks.
He is freed.
The death bell tolls and the film fades.
He prays.
<EOS>
Member Prabakaran is a Gandhian and Panchayat Member.
Who always thinks.
He is willing to fight.
When he sees injustice being done.
Such a selfless politician naturally earns more enemies join hands against him.
<EOS>
The film follows the story.
Who work on an illegal android program.
The Doctor is working Cassandra One.
He meets his first human woman.
When Max saves a space craft.
It is eventually revealed an Android.
Daniel is himself.
Max and Cassandra  posing as Daniel and his assistant  return to an Earth.
Where androids have been banned.
<EOS>
Selva lives.
He is the son.
He lives separately.
Sangeetha is one.
Meanwhile a minister s daughter moves.
She moves friendly.
Swathe mistakes their friendship.
Who is.
Raghuvaran works.
Who kidnaps the minister s daughter.
Selva goes.
However  Selva kills his father.
Raghuvaran was going to kill Swathe.
Finally they will come.
<EOS>
Lonnie Wilson  the son  returns to his small southern hometown of Clinton  Louisiana after spending six years on the chain-gang for killing Colonel Ben Marquand s son  Davey  in an automobile accident.
He revives his love affair.
Who is now Mrs Melinda Thomas.
Lonnie was serving time she caused.
Somewhat miffed  Lonnie incites Dr Ned about his wife s infidelity.
Dr Ned verifies when he catches Lonnie and Melinda.
Melinda  looking  shoots and wounds Lonnie to defend her innocence by claiming.
She was being raped.
Colonel Marquand   uses her story to have Sheriff Wheaton kill Lonnie  thereby putting an end.
Who had bribed Lonnie to take the blame.
Mrs Marquand eventually faces Davey s death and realizes.
She witnessed Melinda run down her little brother.
Peter Marquand and Ned return.
The charges are all lies.
Exonerated  Lonnie gives Zuba the deed dances in delight  thrilled to finally own his land.
<EOS>
The opening shows us a montage of Adolf Hitler s life from the years.
The 10-year old Hitler is shown to be arrogant and disobedient.
He has a stern  ill-tempered father  Alois Hitler  and a doting mother  Klara Hitler.
Who indulges his dreams.
One day  his father dies.
The young Hitler shows no empathy or concern.
Several years later  a 17-year old Hitler applies unsuccessfully but is told.
He lacks the talent to become an artist.
He moves to Vienna permanently but is unable to find work and soon becomes destitute and homeless.
Influenced becomes convinced.
The Jews and immigrants are to blame.
The now adult Hitler leaves Austria for Munich and joins the Germany army to fight in the First World War.
He is promoted to the rank of Corporal.
His intense fanaticism and virulent anti-semitic and anti-Marxist rhetoric make him unpopular.
Who routinely ridicule and ostracise him.
He emotionally blackmails his Jewish commanding officer.
Hitler displays bravery.
Hitler is blinded by a gas attack and is recovering in a hospital.
When Germany is.
When  he learns that the German Army has surrendered.
Hearing the news  he suffers an emotional breakdown  regains his eyesight and vows to dedicate his life.
Hitler returns to find it in the midst of political revolution.
Still employed  he is assigned to report on the activities of the newly formed political parties in the city.
He is recruited by the party s leader  Anton Drexler  to give speeches and organise its propaganda activities.
Hitler s speeches repeat the same themes.
Germany has been betrayed.
Gradually  his popularity significantly expands the party s membership and attracts the attention of wealthy entrepreneur  Ernst Hanfstaengl  -  by cropping his facial hair into his trademark toothbrush moustache  and making the Swastika the party s official emblem  respectively.
Who encourages Hitler to refine his image and create a symbol.
Hitler does.
The party s new direction upsets Drexler   a decision.
Who wants the party to merge.
Hitler strongly opposes.
Hitler threatens to resign the party.
Drexler agrees to step down.
Drexler acquiesces.
Hitler becomes Fuhrer of the newly named National Socialist Party.
Germany s economic situation has worsened.
The Bavarian Commissar  Gustav von Kahr  bans Hitler.
He believes the party s agitation is causing further unrest.
Hansfaengl introduces Hitler.
Hitler hopes.
He can persuade Gerlich to convince Kahr to accept him.
Gerlich  however  concludes and warns Kahr.
Hitler is an unstable psychopath.
He must be stopped.
Kahr tries to outfox Hitler.
He is preparing to stage a military coup and that Hitler must remain silent or else.
The proposed putsch is merely a ruse and that Kahr has no intention.
To convince them to side  he gains the tacit approval of esteemed military general  Erich von Ludendorrff.
Rohm and the SA plan to take over the military barracks for a march on Berlin.
However   they alert the Bavarian Army.
When Ludendorff releases Von Kahr and his associates.
The attempted coup is quickly crushed.
Hitler takes refuge  almost resorting to suicide.
Ernst s wife  Helene Hanfstaengl  stops him.
Hitler is promptly arrested and put on trial for attempted treason.
Much.
Who is watching.
Which he accuses Kahr and the national government.
Consequently  the Judge awards him a lenient sentence.
Imprisonment  during which Hitler writes his memoirs  assisted.
Hitler visits the Hansftaegls.
Ernst has fallen out for abandoning the putsch and for refusing to publish Hitler s memoirs.
Order to escape jail time.
Their relationship is further fractured.
When Ernst becomes jealous toward Helene  whom Hitler credits for saving his life by talking him out of suicide.
Hitler goes to the countryside to escape politics.
His older step-sister  Angela  and her daughter  Geli Raubal  come to live.
Hitler quickly becomes infatuated and protective.
He takes her.
When he returns to re-unify the party  which has disintegrated into warring factions since his incarceration.
Blaming the putsch s failure  Hitler declares.
The party can no longer rely.
He tells the party.
Their task is to win elections  not cause agitation.
This declaration is.
Puts him.
Rohm s refusal to bow strains their relationship.
Nonetheless  Hitler s demand wins the approval of the remaining party leaders  including an impressionable young agitator named Joseph Goebbels.
Germany s economic situation once again worsens.
Alarmed  Gerlich proceeds to write articles in opposition to Hitler  inflaming both Hitler and the SA.
Who attempt to suppress the newspaper.
The paper s editor bows and fires Gerlich.
Gerlich  however  soon forms his own newspaper.
Produces. 
It is the one publishing company Hitler can not afford to close down.
Meanwhile  Geli   commits suicide.
Who has become distraught.
Hitler becomes acquainted with Eva Braun.
Who soon becomes his live-in lover until she too begins experiencing the same feeling that Geli felt.
Eva eventually attempts suicide.
Hitler tells her never to do so again.
The attempt fails.
It will interfere.
Hitler becomes a German citizen in order.
That he may run against incumbent  Paul von Hindenburg.
The party has become the largest party.
He is unsuccessful.
Emboldens Hitler to demand Hindenburg appoint him Chancellor.
Hindenburg   instead appoints Franz von Papen and Kurt von Schleicher  respectively.
Who despises Hitler.
Both men fail.
The National Socialists continually use their majority to dissolve each parliamentary session.
Left  Hindenburg appoints Hitler German Chancellor in.
Hitler tells Goering and Goebbels.
They must do something drastic to consolidate their hold.
Thereafter  the Reichstag is mysteriously set  allegedly by a communist.
Hitler uses the incident to persuade the parliament.
Him dictatorial powers  which include suspension and suppression of the press.
Gerlich s newspaper is shut down.
He is arrested.
Hitler still feels insecure in his position and believes.
He must crush all his opponents once and.
Rohm is arrested for refusing to accept.
The SA must be absolved rather than remain a separate para-military force.
Rohm refuses and is shot dead.
Gerlich   is brutally beaten and murdered.
Who has been imprisoned.
His wife sent a pair with no official notice of her husband s death.
Von Kahr  Schelicher and Hitler s other political enemies are all swiftly ambushed and murdered.
Hanfstaengl   makes plans to flee Germany and the new regime.
Who has all but completely fallen out with Hitler  and whose marriage to Helene has become estranged after she has grown closer to Hitler.
Hitler combines the office of President and Chancellor into one - at last making him the absolute ruler of Germany.
<EOS>
Shampoo is set  on the eve of a presidential election.
Would result to the American presidency.
George Roundy is a successful Beverly Hills hairdresser   and bed  beautiful women.
Whose occupation and charisma have provided him the perfect platform.
George is dissatisfied with his professional life  he is clearly the creative star of the salon  but is forced to play second fiddle to the nickel-and-diming  mediocre hairdresser.
Who owns the place.
He dreams.
Lacking the cash to do so  turns Felicia and her unsuspecting husband Lester to bankroll him.
George s meeting supplies a second secret for him to keep from his would-be benefactor  Lester s current mistress  Jackie  is George s former girlfriend  perhaps the most serious relationship.
He has ever had.
Lester   invites him to escort Jackie.
Who assumes George is gay.
Which George finds himself.
The principals adjourn.
The night quickly descends.
Lester and Jill happen upon George and Jackie having vigorous sex on a kitchen floor.
An impressed Lester exclaims  Now  that s.
Before their identities are revealed.
What I call fucking.
George realizes and proposes.
Jackie is his true love.
However  it is too late  Jackie announces.
Lester is divorcing Felicia and taking Jackie.
The film thus pairs sexual revelation with George s deeper moral development  but ends bleakly for the protagonist  despite his epiphany.
<EOS>
Taking place almost a year  Alice and Dan have now started dating.
There is no sign.
We see scenes of Dan and Alice having intercourse.
Afterwards she finds herself  then being thrown at into a strange asylum.
Yet wakes up  then we are introduced to  Greta  a super-model in training  Mark  a comic book geek  and Yvonne  a nurse.
She walks she finds that she is dressed with a nametag saying Amanda Krueger She is then attacked by the lunatics.
Anything happens.
Who likes to swim.
She only confides her nightmare.
He tells her.
He tells her.
She is all.
She makes her way to work.
She finds herself back.
Alice makes her way to work.
Alice is wheeled on a stretcher  wearing Amanda s uniform  and screaming in pain.
She sees Amanda Krueger  instead of herself  giving birth.
Alice looks around.
Amanda clamors to get.
The baby is delivered.
The baby breaks free and escapes the room.
Alice follows it.
Alice defeated Freddy.
The baby finds Freddy s clothes and quickly grows.
She can stop him.
Amanda shows up to help Alice  but is disrupted.
When Freddy slams the church doors closed.
Alice finds herself at work  but four hours late.
Alice immediately phones Dan.
Who leaves their friends and rushes over.
He falls asleep.
Dan can make it.
Freddy makes.
Him drive.
Alice   faints in the middle of the street.
She is informed.
She is pregnant.
She meets a young boy  Jacob.
Recouping. 
Yvonne later informs Alice  nor is there a children s ward.
There were no children.
Freddy begins to kill Alice s friends one.
They fall asleep.
First is Greta.
Freddy then goes.
Does. 
After Alice draws herself.
Mark start to believe Alice.
Alice requests an early ultrasound.
She soon realizes.
Freddy is using her child to get.
Alice also discovers.
Jacob is really her unborn son.
Yvonne is attacked.
Alice is looking.
It s only.
When Yvonne barely escapes Freddy  thanks  that she accepts what Alice has been telling her.
Shortly afterwards  Mark finds a comic depicting the entire events and is drawn into his own nightmare.
Mark sees an image and finds his dream power  the Phantom Prowler.
There. 
He attacks Freddy  but is ultimately killed and cut to pieces.
Alice sends Yvonne to release Amanda s soul.
She sets out.
Freddy pulls her.
C.
Escher-like labyrinth to try to slow her down.
Freddy goes back.
She finally catches up.
Krueger has been hiding inside.
The strong pain makes her to loses her stength to fight back.
Amanda arrives and instructs Jacob on.
To defeat Freddy.
Jacob  releasing the power  forces himself and Freddy to revert back.
Freddy has given him.
Alice picks up Jacob and absorbs him.
The now-infant Freddy tries to escape.
Though  Amanda picks him up and absorbs him back inside.
He can escape.
Freddy begins to fight.
A couple go by  Alice gives birth to Jacob  and is finally at peace from the nightmares.
The children s coming for you  wearing church outfits.
Who appear and are used as omens of Freddy s presence are shown  humming the familiar song One  two  Freddy.
They are next.
<EOS>
Stewart escapes.
Stewart s guide catches up and jumps.
The jeep takes off.
Stewart gets bitten by the.
Seeing the mark on his right hand  Stewart s men immediately hold down the infected explorer and amputate the appendage.
A bite mark is then seen.
Swiftly results.
Finally  they see a set on Stewart s forehead and kill him.
The title screen follows the man s dying scream.
The captured rat-monkey is shipped to Wellington Zoo in New Zealand.
Wellington  1957  Lionel Cosgrove lives.
Lionel falls with a local shopkeeper s daughter  Paquita.
The animal s bite slowly turns her.
Lionel is horrified.
Ever the dedicated son  is determined to care.
Vera starts murdering other townspeople  turning them into zombies.
He tries to keep them locked away.
Simultaneously trying to maintain his relationship.
Vera escapes  however  and is hit.
Lionel tranquilizes the still-kicking zombie.
The townspeople assume she is dead.
He returns to administer more anesthetic  but is accosted by a gang of hoodlums.
She is buried.
Vera bursts  resulting in more deaths and zombies.
Lionel manages to keep the zombies with repeated injections  and tries to keep them concealed in his home.
Their numbers grow.
However  Lionel s uncle Les  arrives to try to wrangle.
Uncle Les discovers the corpses and blackmails his nephew.
Lionel reluctantly administers poison and buries them.
As Uncle Les and a crowd arrive for a housewarming party.
However  the poison turns out to be an animal stimulant.
It only gives them even more energy.
The zombies come.
The zombies burst.
Lionel  Paquita  Rita  and Les are now fighting hundreds  severed heads  and disembodied legs.
They successfully destroy all the zombies.
Lionel s mother  who has become a gargantuan monster  pursues Lionel and Paquita.
She picks him up and stuffs him back.
He cuts his way out of her grotesquely changed body.
She falls below.
Lionel and Paquita escape the burning building  and walk away arm-in-arm covered.
The local fire department arrives.
<EOS>
The drama primarily focuses.
The film begins.
Murphy gives Charlton his first chance to play a match.
Meanwhile  manager Matt Busby persuades Football League administrator Alan Hardaker to allow his team to play.
They are back.
The team see success both at home and abroad.
However  the terrible events leave the team with only four surviving players.
Who are able to play.
Murphy vows to present a team to play their next home game and  ultimately  the 1958 FA Cup Final.
<EOS>
Alfalfa tells her.
He s a famous bear trainer.
Little does.
He know that Darla s father owns a circus - and a bear costume.
It s time to uncover the bear facts.
<EOS>
George  a chronic hypochondria  wakes up after a series of dreams dealing with health issues and takes his daily pills.
His wife  Judy  locks herself out.
When receiving a delivery.
She made her way and makes breakfast.
Judy gossips with many false assumptions about the split.
George goes and overhears his doctor discussing the diagnosis of a terminally ill patient.
When he experiences chest pains.
Who had two weeks to live.
He assumes and was distraught.
Dr Morrissey was talking.
He tells his friend  Arnold and decided to not tell Judy knowing.
He will die soon.
It will upset her.
He dreamed about Judy marring Vito.
Who is only out.
Worried  he made plans before his death.
He visited.
A funeral home operated to buy a burial plot.
There he gets the idea.
He should seek a husband.
He asks Arnold to help him find a new husband.
He will know she is taken care of.
Judy s go - cart malfunctions and is saved by her old college beau Bert  now a Texas oil baron.
George agreed.
He will be great.
George forces Judy to dance and talk to Bert.
She kissed him thanking him.
When George ran.
She walks out  thinking.
When Judy sees them.
The only reason he is pushing her to spend time is to have an affair with Linda.
He then tells her.
He is dying.
Upset  Judy puts George.
She thinks.
When Dr Morrissey made a visit and tells her that he is fine.
George is lying to get out.
She rolls him out.
The next day Judy left to buy a train ticket.
He tells her and had bought a burial plot.
He is dying.
Thinking it is another lie.
She went home to get her bags.
She realized and forgives him.
When Mr Akins delivered the burial contracts.
George was telling the truth.
<EOS>
The Black Candle uses Kwanzaa.
Narrated and directed by author/filmmaker M.
K.
Asante  The Black Candle is about the struggle and triumph.
The documentary traces the holiday s growth out in the 1960s to its present-day reality.
The movie won the Africa World Documentary Film Festival 2009 award.
<EOS>
The primary characters are earnest aspiring novelist Adam Fenwick-Symes and his fiancee Nina Blount.
He finds himself.
When Adam s novel Bright Young Things  commissioned  is confiscated by customs agents at the port of Dover for being too racy.
May force him to postpone his marriage.
Where he lives.
The Major offers to place the money.
Anxious  Adam agrees.
The horse wins  but it takes him more than a decade to collect his winnings.
Meanwhile  Adam and Nina are surrounded.
Whose lives are dedicated.
The pastimes are disrupted with the onset of World War II.
Eventually affects their lives.
<EOS>
The film begins.
Which the sorority president tries to stab a pledge.
The knife mysteriously stops.
Eighteen years later  Trina Goodwin  and her twin daughters  Sarah and Lindsay  are driving up.
Where Sarah and Lindsay are starting their first semester.
They notice a weird house  Pi Epsilon Delta.
They see the house.
They want to pledge the most  Alpha Nu Gamma.
Sarah meets a girl named Vita.
They become good friends.
Sarah forces other girls to apologize - and give her their shampoo.
Then Sarah goes  and removes her many bracelets  revealing cuts on her wrists.
Later on  Sarah and Lindsay meet their Student-Advisor  Finn.
Who delivers them two invitations.
Lindsay ends up having a nice time.
Sarah ca nt wait to leave.
But  Sarah meets the Alpha Nu President  Corrine.
They do.
Corrine s glass spills all over her own dress.
When they shake hands.
Sarah leaves  apologizing to Corrine.
Lindsay follows.
Lindsay trips and breaks her ankle on a tree root in front of the Pi Epsilon Delta house.
The girls look after Lindsay.
Sarah meets Dr Eugenia Hunter  the president.
E.
D.
Lindsay s ankle heals extremely fast.
Sarah asks Hunter.
The girls are leaving.
She invited them.
Dr Hunter claims.
She was a friend.
The next day  Lindsay is ecstatic to find out.
Both she and Sarah were asked back.
Sarah also received another invitation.
E.
D.
Decide to go to Alpha Nu Gamma  she saw.
Where they meet.
She brushes an eyelash.
A while later   Dr Hunter mentions to Sarah.
She knows Sarah has magical powers  and so does she.
Sarah  shocked  leaves and walks.
Who cheers her up.
Sarah goes to Finn s room to borrow notes.
Corrine meets him first and says.
She can get there.
She was double-dared to introduce herself and have sex with him.
Sarah catches them and leaves.
Moments later  it is revealed  It was Dr Hunter.
Corrine never saw Finn.
Who had glamored herself to look.
The next day  Sarah unintentionally uses her powers and pushes her into a muddy ditch  then goes to see Dr Hunter  that Alpha Nu and P.
Who tells her.
E.
D.
Are not only lifelong rivals  but mortal enemies  fighting Good versus Evil.
Sarah s powers   could disrupt the balance.
Mark her.
Alpha Nu wants to sacrifice her.
They will live and stay out.
Later  Sarah tells Lindsay.
What she learned.
Lindsay angrily claims.
They were born it was always about Sarah  and never about her.
She leaves.
Back  for a minute  we see Corrine s true form  as an old woman.
Who. 
Esme  the Alpha Nu vice president  warns Corrine.
Corrine devices a plan.
She reveals The Knife.
Doing so.
She uses the eyelash   she confronts Esme  and Corrine.
She took to brew a potion  and used it to make the man she likes.
Lindsay realizes it was all a gag.
Who show her what she wants the most.
They promise to make her look as.
She wants  if she joins.
Back  Sarah is packing all of her belonging  saying she wants to leave.
Lindsay refuses  and wants to join Alpha Nu.
Suddenly  a fire starts.
Sarah at first uses heavy pillows  and coffee to put it out  but it only makes the fire grow.
Sarah eventually  uses her magic to put out the fire.
It works.
But the entire dormitory is declared uninhabitable.
Lindsay moves out leaving Sarah  and joins Alpha Nu.
Sarah sleeps.
E.
D.
Vita.
Who was initiated.
E.
D.
The next day  Sarah and Vita become more acquainted.
Sarah meets up.
They patch up their relationship.
Sarah sees Lindsay  taller  and more.
Corrine offers to do the same.
She joins.
But Sarah refuses.
Lindsay is confronted by Esme  and told compared to the other pledges.
She s had it very nicely.
She is told  sacrifices has to be made.
And Lindsay swears to do.
Whatever she s told.
E.
D.
Sarah is practicing her magic.
Dr Hunter tells Sarah.
All about what Alpha Nu is trying to do  and what they will do  if Sarah does nt pledge Alpha Nu.
Most likely  they ll just try to kill you  so we ca nt have you.
And mentions.
It all began  eighteen years earlier.
The knife refused to cut her.
When  both Alpha Nu  and herself thought that Sarah s mother was the One  but.
It was.
She was nt the One.
She was pregnant.
The woman was Sarah s real mother  not Trina Goodwin.
Later   Trina Goodwin is called to the Sorority House.
She reveals.
She killed Sarah and Lindsay s mother  and refuses to let Sarah not be initiated  and let all her 18 years of raising the girls go to waste.
The next day   Sarah tries  once more to convince Lindsay to leave together.
Lindsay refuses.
Esme attacks Sarah  and mentions.
She will throw every possible virgin into the fire to keep it alive  and that countless lives will be gone because of her.
Sarah escapes  but sees.
Finn is gone.
She runs  and sees Finn tied up  and gagged.
She sneaks house to look for him  but is caught by Lindsay.
Who apologizes and admits to being wrong about everything  and warns Sarah of a trap waiting for her.
Sarah begs.
Lindsay says  and shows her the way.
Finn is.
Lindsay says.
When Sarah frees Finn.
This was the trap   and Esme.
Corrine takes out the Knife  and puts it at Lindsay s throat.
She offers Sarah the chance to offer herself willingly.
She will cut Lindsay s throat.
She refuses.
Sarah uses her magic to snatch the knife  and put it.
Sarah says.
She will do it.
Suddenly a drop falls from the Knife  and hits the floor  causing the Eternal Flame to rise and roar with hunger.
Everyone immediately sees  Lindsay is  and was all along.
Lindsay s throat is bleeding  revealing that Sarah is not the One.
Corrine forces Sarah and Finn out  and locks Lindsay in a room  and prepares her for the Initiation Ceremony.
She calls Trina Goodwin  and tells her.
Corrine mentions.
It s ironic that Trina spent the last eighteen years bleeding the wrong daughter.
Sarah never tried suicide  Trina was draining her blood.
Corrine decides.
Trina Goodwin s services are no longer needed.
Corrine demands every drop back  she kills Trina Goodwin with the Knife of Truth.
Sarah sends Finn.
She runs.
E.
D.
And tells her the news.
Everyone prepares.
Ensuring the fact.
Sarah  in order to keep Finn safe  has sex with him to take away both of their virginity.
The Eternal Flame will not take either.
Sarah is initiated into P.
E.
D.
And Lindsay is initiated.
Lindsay is taken to the basement  and begs for freedom  and ends up being chained down upon the altar.
E.
D.
Uses their magic to destroy the Alpha Nu house.
Corrine sends all after them.
She will sacrifice Lindsay alone.
Sarah runs in to free her sister.
Corrine almost ends up choking Sarah with the shackles used to hold Lindsay.
Lindsay  finally free  picks up the Knife  cuts her hand  and stabs Corrine in the back  only to be stabbed in turn.
Sarah pushes Corrine into the Eternal Flame  causing the Flame to uproar  destroying Corrine and the entire house.
Back.
E.
D.
Her inner strength proving Lindsay does have power.
Is healed again.
The movie ends  Sarah and all of P.
E.
D.
Walking out to find the rest.
Esme walking off in a small cauldron.
<EOS>
Safe-designer Richard Logan comes with no recollection of.
He came to be there.
Assuming  but feeling no apparent ill-effects  he returns home to apologise for being late and tell his story.
He must have been attacked and hit.
He is astonished to learn.
He has been missing.
Furthermore  a troubling series has occurred during his absence.
Appear to point.
A safe has been robbed.
He personally installed.
Its contents stolen.
Its supposedly foolproof security mechanisms were so easily overridden.
Julie has employed a private detective.
Who discovered evidence implicating Richard with another woman.
More seriously the private detective has recently been found murdered.
Richard enlists Julie s help.
Which he has no recollection.
He soon becomes aware.
He is being trailed.
Meanwhile he is constantly tantalised by seemingly random and trivial things - a snatch of a popular song or a conversational nuance.
Seem to strike a chord  for reasons for which he can not account.
He starts to experience flashbacks.
They are gone before his conscious mind can seize them.
Matters reach a head and confronts a group.
When he is lured.
The resulting intrigue finally appears to jolt his memory back.
He believes.
He has found the explanation.
<EOS>
Millionaire Elmer Fudd enters the boardroom.
He is nt himself.
He s hopping around and acting like a rabbit.
Fudd snaps  expressing worry and fright over hunters.
Who are out to get him.
The board agrees.
Fudd needs help.
Soon Elmer  now wearing a rabbit suit  is committed for treatment of his apparent mental illness.
A few moments later  Elmer sees.
Bugs Bunny walk -- in this cartoon  as in a few others  the two do not seem to be pre-acquainted -- and lures him to the window with a carrot.
Bugs naively says.
You mean I can have that  and plenty more.
Bugs lies.
Fudd  you ah Elmer J.
Fudd.
Bugs momentary shows the audience a card  then attempts to psychoanalyze the doctor instead.
Irked  Myicin gives Bugs a hypnotizing kapzule.
Bugs is made to repeat  over and over  I am Elmer J.
It takes effect.
Fudd  millionaire.
I own a mansion and a yacht  gradually acquiring Elmer s speech pattern.
Myicin s programming works  Bugs Bunny leaves.
The sanitarium convinced he s Elmer Fudd and adopts his speech impediment  pronouncing R s and L s.
Myicin telephones Elmer s chauffeur ordering him not to be put off and to get Elmer back into the lifestyle he knew before the delusion.
The chauffer tells Bugs.
Since it is Wednesday  he brought the hunting clothes.
Bugs decides to relax.
Where Elmer   is waiting.
It s the usual chase.
Notable gags include Elmer siccing a bear and telling him to play dead  the bear  concluding from Bugs  body odor  buries Bugs.
He is indeed dead.
Who then falls.
Bugs is about to capture Elmer.
When a government agent taps Bugs  asking  Pardon me  did you say you were Elmer J.
Fudd.
Yes  I am Ewmew J.
Fudd  miwwionaiwe.
I own a mansion and a yacht.
Bugs is then arrested  and tries in vain to explain himself  protesting  I m hunting a scwewy wabbit.
<EOS>
The story revolves around Gemini and Ladda  two contemporary rowdies in Vijayawada.
Gemini s friend is murdered.
Then Gemini and his gang search.
Who murdered his friend and.
This incident marks the start.
Meanwhile Gemini meets Manisha Natwarlal  and falls with her.
To gain her affections he goes to study as her classmate  and eventually she too falls in love with him.
Gemini and Ladda clash again.
Using his brilliant tactics  Gemini fools and wins.
Drives him crazy.
Vijayawada gets a new DGP in Viswanath.
He arrests both Gemini and Ladda.
Understanding their rivalry  Viswanath puts them.
They can beat each other.
But instead Gemini convinces Ladda to plead Viswanath to give them a chance to lead a normal life.
Gemini s trick works.
They both are given a chance.
Ladda did not change his life.
Gemini changes his life.
He keeps and wants him to help him out in his business.
But instead Gemini informs to Viswanath.
So Ladda is now.
Meanwhile Gemini tries to reunite.
He had changed now.
Eventually she does forgive him.
Viswanath gets transferred as the transport DGP of Andhra Pradesh.
The new DGP arrives  but he is corrupt and releases Ladda from jail.
Now Ladda and the new DGP urge Gemini to help him.
But he still tries to stay away.
Forcing Gemini to return  he would later kill Gemini s right hand and.
Who s also a best friend.
Then  Gemini tricks the new DGP to kill Ladda.
The new DGP is transferred DGP and Viswanath becomes the new DGP of law and order.
The film ends.
<EOS>
The opening credits scroll Bambi serenely grazing.
The Call plays in the background.
Bambi looks up to see Godzilla s foot coming down  crushing him.
The closing credits scroll over the image of Godzilla s foot.
Godzilla s claws twitch once.
The bulk is consumed in the opening and closing credits -- all for Newland -- except for Marv Newland produced by Mr & Mrs Newland  Miss Caselotti as the studio owner  and the city of Tokyo for their help in obtaining Godzilla for this film.
<EOS>
A stray kitten called Myron wanders  gets sick on candy  and is cured with catnip by Betty and Pudgy the pup.
<EOS>
Returning  Martha hears footsteps behind her and becomes convinced.
She s being followed as she walks down a dark path.
She ponders various strategies.
Order to let her follower overtake her.
Eventually she screws up her courage.
To turn around and confront the man  but when she does so she sees nothing except a mobile phone glowing on the ground as it calls somebody.
James  her follower  has actually been going out to avoid the impression or is a threat.
He is following her.
Every time he does.
It somehow backfires.
He tries speeding up to overtake her.
This only makes Martha walk faster.
He ponders taking a different route.
There are no turnings.
They are walking down.
Eventually he decides to make a loud non-threatening phone call  I bet.
Rapists never call their mums.
He fails to notice a manhole and falls head over heels into it  his phone flying to the ground near Martha s feet.
As he is distracted.
<EOS>
A has-been Broadway performer moves and starts teaching tap dance lessons to a group of misfits  through their dance classes  bond and realize.
Who. 
What they can achieve.
Their newfound self-confidence changes their lives forever.
<EOS>
An aging Atlanta Braves baseball scout named.
Gus Lobel is given one last assignment to prove his worth.
His boss and friend Pete   asks Gus s daughter Mickey to join him.
Who does not want to see him let go.
He s okay.
Together they scout a top new prospect.
Where Mickey begins to take an active role.
Gus reconnects with Johnny  a rival team s scout.
Who has a friendly history  as Gus was the man who scouted him when he was a baseball player  and who also takes an interest in Mickey.
<EOS>
Orville is the oldest orphan.
He accidentally winds up heading to a top secret laboratory.
Where he is placed to help load supplies onto a rocketship.
Orville hits.
Onboard. 
The ignition button and the rocket launches  and flies to New Orleans  where Mardi Gras is in progress.
They exit the ship and witness hideous creatures   and conclude.
Are actually costumed celebrants.
They have landed.
Meanwhile  two escaped convicts  Harry the Horse and Mugsy  enter the rocket  put  and head to New Orleans to rob a bank.
Lester and Orville  also clad  are wrongly accused of the crime and rush back to the rocketship.
Where Mugsy and Harry force them to launch.
The four men leave the rocketship.
Orville is quickly captured and brought to Queen Allura.
Who informs him that Venus is only inhabited as men were banished a long time ago.
She takes a shine and decides.
He can stay if he promises to be true.
He agrees  and has Harry and Mugsy imprisoned.
Mugsy then convinces.
One guards to flirt with Orville to prove that he can not be trusted.
Orville takes the bait  and the Queen orders all to leave her planet.
They are lauded as heroes.
Allura   sends a spaceship to drop a cake.
Who is watching the celebration.
<EOS>
There are only four prisoners and a cat.
One day  a power outage opens.
All the locks and all are released.
However  all are nowhere to be seen.
There are no exits.
An extrodinary event occurs to the old man s strange behavior.
<EOS>
Ford Davis  a 24-year-old recent college graduate  is forced to live with his parents and work for his dad  Big Len  at his car dealership to pay off a loaner car.
He damaged.
Ford quickly learns.
The game is not easy.
His only saving grace becomes his co-workers  the heartwarming and irreverent CarBabes.
Who teach him that selling cars is.
Ford begins to gain confidence not only selling cars  but with his new sexy girlfriend.
But  mobile home tycoon Ron Hamper  owner of the neighboring Hamper s Campers  has his evil eye on Big Len s property.
Hamper threatens to shut Big Len down and turn Davis Automotive into a parking lot for his used campers.
Big Len and the CarBabes have all but given up.
The days numbered.
Ford comes up.
Using the wisdom  Ford concocts one final plan  a blowout sale to sell 300 cars.
He has gained.
<EOS>
Myles Falworth and his sister Meg live on a farm in Crosbey-Dale with their guardian Diccon Bowman.
This is to protect them.
Their father has been accused and murdered by the Earl of Alban.
They are repulsed to stop them molesting his sister.
When a hunting party comprising the Earl  the lord of Crosbey-Dale  and another nobleman  Sir Robert  stop at their farm for refreshment.
This confrontation accelerates Diccon s plans to send them.
The Earl  a close friend of their father  becomes their protector.
He sees the man.
Who can rid England.
Myles is trained to be a knight  is knighted  and kills the Earl of Alban in trial by combat  foiling Alban s attempt to seize the English crown.
Myles then marries the Earl.
<EOS>
He was one.
When Eddie Everett was a rookie.
He led the California Angels.
Where they played the Boston Red Sox  and were one out.
He bobbles it and is unable to get him out.
When a rookie playing hits a ground ball to Eddie.
The runners he let  losing a chance for the Angels to make it to the World Series.
He had never been the same pitcher  or the same person.
Six years later  Eddie and his wife  Claire  are divorced.
He has barely kept contact.
However.
They lose  Claire says.
She is taking a job and is leaving Laurel with him.
She realizes.
When he takes her back home.
His life is nt at all what she thought it d be.
He ca nt get.
She prays.
He can get a second chance.
Real angel  and former Angels pitcher Bob Bugler  is sent to help her.
He and other angels help the team have an incredible winning streak  right.
When Eddie was about to get cut.
Soon  his game improves  as well.
The Angels and the Crimson Devils are forced to play to determine.
The season ends.
Team will represent their division.
The actual devil makes a deal.
K. 
A. 
The one about  for his soul.
Who hit the grounder that blew the 1992 ALCS  for Eddie to lose the game  and everything he cares.
He agrees.
The devil makes the game delayed thanks.
Eddie leaves to see Laurel s ballet recital.
To get him faster  Bob speeds up the recital.
The Crimson Devils are up.
When he gets.
The Angels soon score three runs thanks run by a player.
Who had a demon holding him back.
He replies.
When Laurel asks Bob why he did nt do anything.
The angels are nt allowed to help.
Eddie gets two quick outs.
When the ninth inning comes.
Then a player hits a triple.
Then  the same player comes.
Who blew the game in his rookie year.
He asks God  then Bob comes up and tells him.
What to do.
His angel just arrived.
He looks to see Claire standing there.
He pitches to him.
He hits a ground ball.
He hit year.
He throws it to end the game  and save his career.
He hugs Laurel.
<EOS>
Randy Daytona plays for the United States in the 1988 Summer Olympics table tennis finals.
His anxiety increases.
When his father says that he bet not to do so.
Daytona runs back too far and hits his head on the table  losing the match.
His father is murdered.
Daytona leaves competitive.
Daytona works at the Peppermill Casino in Reno  Nevada  doing table tennis routines.
Daytona meets FBI agent Ernie Rodriguez.
Who requests his assistance.
Feng s hidden jungle hideout is the site.
Randy s invitation is a way to infiltrate the master criminal s organization.
Daytona agrees to help capture the man responsible.
Rodriguez informs him.
He needs to win some championships in order to be noticed.
Daytona is brought to a Chinatown noodle shop to be apprenticed under a blind man named Wong   and.
Who was Feng s former mentor.
Who recognizes Daytona s talent.
Daytona also meets Wong s niece  Maggie.
Daytona is forced to play in exchange for Wong s right to remain in Chinatown and Orange County.
When Chinatown locals vandalize Master Wong s house.
Feng s men take notice and bring Daytona  Rodriguez and Wong to Feng s facility.
Daytona beats the Dragon.
Daytona handily beats his first opponent Freddy Fingers Wilson  -- the loser is killed.
He is unnerved to learn that the tournament is literally sudden death.
Feng invites him to join his side  and reveals.
Daytona attempts unsuccessfully to escape.
He only finished half.
He says.
It would be the ultimate satisfaction to win Daytona away.
Feng also shows Daytona his specially modified ping-pong table.
It is wired.
Give increasingly powerful and fatal electrical shocks.
Daytona informs Rodriguez.
Are sufficient to put Feng.
Daytona defeats numerous opponents.
Rodriguez investigates the hidden facilities.
Wolfschtagg is his last opponent.
He wants to get out as the FBI has not yet responded.
They then come up.
That he has to quit.
However Randy changes his mind.
He goes to tell so.
Daytona visits him.
When Rodriguez hides out.
However  he surprises Rodriguez.
Who breaks Daytona s arm  unaware change of heart.
Feng discovers Rodriguez s attempts to contact the FBI and forces Daytona to face Wolfschtagg.
Feng decides to have Maggie take Wolfschtagg s place  killing Wolfschtagg.
When he protests.
Daytona plays one-handed and tries to stall.
Maggie tries to lose to sacrifice herself to save Daytona.
However  Daytona uses his ping-pong expertise to hit Maggie.
She unsuccessfully tries.
They both decide to try to escape together.
This goes on.
Enraged  Feng orders.
Them both executed.
Mahogany shoots the poisonous dart.
Maggie successfully defends him.
Daytona then throws the paddle.
The FBI swarms the place.
Which the heroes attempt to escape.
Daytona s attempts to rescue Feng s sex slaves leads capturing the heroes.
Feng decides to play Daytona to determine.
Is the superior ping pong player.
The facility s self-destruct sequence is activated.
Feng reveals.
There is no.
He also states.
He changed the rules so that the ball can now be bounced off any surface once and still be.
The self-destruct sequence countdown progresses  the game moves.
Feng has a weak backhand.
Daytona and his friends  along  escape in Wong s boat.
Two months later  the major characters are reunited.
<EOS>
Om has been banished for a period of 2 years.
MrDhariwal goes to Om s mother and begs.
She call Om back.
The reason is.
He needs Om.
His daughter Sandali has been kidnapped.
Ghotia Bhai wishes to marry his son  Brandy.
However  Dhariwal and Sandali do not want this.
Om comes back to rescue the girl he cares.
He is able to free Sandali and disposes in the process.
When Om arrives.
Inspector Nasir Pathan is the new chief and  pursues him.
Om is not supposed to be back.
He catches Om  arrests and puts him Sandali to her father.
Though  Nasir Pathan uncovers an evil conspiracy against Om and his family.
Not only had Om been unfairly banished  his sister had also been murdered by Inspector Katkar.
Om and Sandali had fallen.
When they met a few months before.
However  Mr Dhariwal did nt want this marriage.
Sandali marries will get her wealth.
Dhariwal would be left penniless.
The reason stipulated.
She had.
This is because she did not trust her husband s ability to control his gambling and habit.
Dhariwal murdered his wife but no one found out.
So he waited.
He started looking.
He could manipulate.
He asks Om to share the money upon his marriage to Sandali.
The former refuses.
This alarms Dhariwal.
He turns  they both hatch an evil plan to ruin Om s name in the city  thereby making it difficult for Sandali to marry him.
Katkar arranges  to go to Om s house and act.
If his younger sister was a prostitute and Darren was frequenting the house.
Om s sister is taken and killed but Katkar disguises it as a suicide.
Om gets to know and confronts Dhariwal  Darren and Katkar.
The inspector is able to exile Om from Mumbai as a dangerous criminal.
He attacks Katkar.
He is furious to find out.
When Sandali is returned after Om rescues her.
Om and she have consummated their marriage.
He quickly ignores this and wants her to marry Darren.
However  before this can happen Celina divulges.
Darren is her secret lover.
She was simply using Dhariwal.
Dhariwal is incensed and shot by Celina with no remorse.
Darren then disposes and prepares to marry Sandali.
He can control all her wealth.
Om breaks out.
Where   Inspector Nasir Pathan has just realised the truth about the conspiracy against him.
Om also finds out.
Katkar had killed his sister and confronts him.
Om kills him.
He then sets off to rescue Sandali  with Inspector Pathan in hot pursuit as well.
Darren and Om have a long and intense fight.
He and Sandali then set off to marry.
Om has been vindicated.
<EOS>
Teenage Hal Ditmar  the son  gets into an argument in a theater.
Ends. 
Neither the police nor Hal s father believe his claim.
He acted.
<EOS>
Laurie Larand returns and finds.
Himself jilted and broke.
He goes to work.
Who he discovers to be to fleece the horse owners.
He also comes.
Who becomes his friend.
Who he falls with.
Larland exposes the villains and is united with Doris.
<EOS>
Robin Sena is a craft user  born and raised by the Roman Catholic Church in Italy.
She is trained to use her craft to hunt down witches.
Witchcraft is a genetic trait  dormant.
Powers can be awakened at any time.
Seems to also drive the awakened witch.
Even the police   do not know.
Who cooperate in abnormal criminal cases.
What STN-J does.
The series begins.
When Robin arrives to gain information for Solomon headquarters about a fabled item that holds the secrets of the craft  while acting undercover as a new hunter to the STN-J in their efforts to capture witches.
It is hinted.
She subconsciously understands something.
Orbo is a green liquid.
Negates witch abilities.
STN-J s hunters carry small vials on necklaces in the shape of a cross as a form of protection against their targets  craft.
Hunters also carry air pistols.
Fire darts or pellets that dampen witch powers when it enters the bloodstream of the target witch.
Hunters can use Orbo.
Who are craft-users or seeds.
Their own powers are reportedly diminished.
Robin  a craft-user herself  says.
She will not keep Orbo because she says it is disgusting.
Robin grows increasingly uncomfortable in hunting and capturing other witches.
The series goes on.
She begins to question the treatment.
They receive while incarcerated.
She is entrapped and attacked twice by witch bullets.
Subsequently  the STN-J is attacked.
The Solomon attack was carried out to find what Zaizen  the director  was planning.
Robin begins to worry and grows to suspect.
She will become a target.
Her partner Amon will hunt her.
Eventually  Robin does become a target and labeled a witch  becoming hunted.
Robin finds out more about her craft and that of witches.
She knew.
Initially  the series appears to take a monster.
About halfway are established.
The main plot gets underway.
<EOS>
Big Bird is sent to live with a family of dodos by Miss Finch  a social worker.
Who thinks he needs to be upon being sent to him by the feathered friends.
The Dodos think exactly the same  even saying.
He should have a bird.
This causes Big Bird much distress.
Miss Finch tells Kermit the Frog.
When Big Bird runs away and ends up on the news.
She will reclaim him.
Big Bird s friends also see the news and band together to find him.
Beetle is the group of Gordon  Olivia  Linda  and Cookie Monster.
Count von Count departs.
Bert and Ernie go out to search.
Grover flies.
Maria leaves.
They all head out.
Big Bird has various adventures.
First  he hitches a ride.
Who tells him not to give up trying to get.
He then meets two kids named Ruthie and Floyd and stays with them for a while.
Big Bird ends up having to leave the farm.
Big Bird is spotted in their plane.
Out. 
But Big Bird does nt know and thinks.
Bert and Ernie are.
It s Miss Finch wanting to take him back.
Big Bird flees.
When Ernie steers the plane.
Ernie turns the plane upside down to get Big Bird s attention and begins singing Upside Down World   but  Big Bird is gone.
When they turn the plane back up.
Ernie blames it.
Big Bird is also sought.
Who operate a lousy carnival The Sleaze Brothers Funfair.
They want to capture him to put him.
Eventually  Big Bird arrives.
Miss Finch finds him there and gives chase through the city.
The Sleaze Brothers have set up their funfair.
Big Bird shows up asking.
They have a place to hide him.
The two brothers then put him.
Shortly afterwards  they decide to paint him blue and tout him.
However  his performance is not one.
He sings a song.
Two kids sneak backstage to see him.
He asks them to call Sesame Street to tell his friends.
Where he is.
The children do so.
The next day  his friends sneak to try to free him.
However  the Sleaze Brothers quietly wake up and attempt to drive off.
Eventually  Gordon and Olivia give chase and succeed.
Shortly afterwards  the Sleaze Brothers are pulled over and arrested on charges of counterfeiting  extortion  fraud  impersonating a dentist  and even stealing a kid s apple at their funfair.
Back  Big Bird is happy to be back but then looks on.
Miss Finch arrives to announce that she has found another bird family.
Maria convinces Miss Finch  happy.
Big Bird can be  and is.
It does not make any difference that his family consists on Sesame Street.
Is. 
What matters.
They are family.
What she s heard.
Far his friends went to try to bring him back.
Sesame Street is Big Bird s home.
Big Bird is also reunited.
Who watched his nest while he was away.
Gordon brings his car to see.
He can fix it.
Oscar the Grouch is carried by Bruno the Trashman in order to get the happiness of Big Bird being back on Sesame Street out of him.
Sesame Street goes back.
Count von Count begins to count the movie credits.
Count announces 278 credits and does his trademark laugh accompanied by a thunderclap.
<EOS>
MGR plays a lawyer in this film.
He meet.
A girl falls in love with her.
But he sees her jumping off a cliff.
The doctor pronounces her dead.
Heart broken  he travels  but sees a theatre performance of the famous song Sange Muzhangu starring Saroja Devi.
He follows her backstage and confronts her.
Where she calmly tells him that she is MalliKa.
Still unconvinced he peeks and confirms.
She is indeed Neela.
Meanwhile Mallika asks her sister and is told.
It is better that she does not know.
Anand and his friend convince Mallika to marry Anand.
Her brother-in-law is and tries to thwart their plans.
They marry.
Mallika pretends to get hysterical and runs up the Light house and jumps down.
Order to trick Nambiar to come out.
Her sister distraught  tells MGR.
Her husband had killed a girl who looked exactly.
Taking advantage her husband made.
Every one believe it was a suicide.
Saying this she swallows poison and takes her life.
Nambiar tells MGR.
Who is watching all this.
Both the witnesses are dead.
The police swoop down and arrest him.
Who were hiding waiting.
It is revealed.
It is actually a marionette dressed.
Mallika is safe.
She comes down crying.
And then they live happily ever.
<EOS>
Bheem and his friends are invited to spend their vacations  by a cousin of Jaggu - the talking monkey in hi best friend circle.
Their trip is not.
They soon find themselves where a young ape separated from its father  is being pursued by an evil group of jaguars who intend to capture it to take advantage of its spiritual powers.
Bheem and his friends   defeat the jaguars  rescue the ape and unites it with its father.
Who was.
Critics  Take.
<EOS>
The film opens.
C.
Shortly. 
Where Julius Caesar has defeated Pompey.
Pompey flees  hoping to enlist the support of the young Pharaoh Ptolemy XIII and his sister Cleopatra.
Caesar pursues and meets the teenage Ptolemy and the boy s advisers.
Who seem to do most.
The Egyptians present Caesar with Pompey s head.
Caesar is not pleased  it is a sorry end.
Apollodorus  disguised  brings a gift from Cleopatra.
Caesar settles in.
He finds Cleopatra and is intrigued.
When a suspicious Caesar unrolls the rug.
Herself concealed.
Days later  she warns Caesar.
Her brother has surrounded the palace and that he is vastly outnumbered.
Caesar is unconcerned.
He orders the Egyptian fleet burned.
He can gain control.
The fire spreads.
Cleopatra angrily confronts Caesar.
He refuses to pull troops away.
Caesar begins kissing her.
The Romans hold.
The armies arrive on Egyptian soil.
The following day  Caesar passes judgment.
He sentences Ptolemy s lord chamberlain for arranging an assassination attempt on Cleopatra.
Rules greatly outnumbered troops  a sentence.
Ptolemy and his tutor be sent to join Ptolemy s now.
The Egyptian army faces off.
Cleopatra is crowned Queen.
She dreams.
Caesar accepts him publicly.
When their son Caesarion is born.
Becomes the talk.
Caesar returns.
Cleopatra remains.
Two years pass.
The two see each other again.
Caesar sends.
He is made dictator.
She arrives in a lavish procession and wins the adulation of the Roman people.
The Senate grows increasingly discontented.
Caesar wishes to be made king  which is anathema.
B.
C.
The Senate is preparing to vote on.
Whether Caesar additional powers.
He is confident of victory.
However  he is stabbed by various senators.
Octavian  Caesar s nephew  is named.
Realizing  Cleopatra returns home.
She has no future.
Two years later  Caesar s assassins   are killed at the Battle of Philippi.
The following year  Mark Antony establishes a second triumvirate.
They split up the empire  Lepidus receives Africa  Octavian Spain and Gaul.
Antony will take control.
However  the rivalry is becoming apparent.
Antony realizes.
Planning a campaign in the east.
He needs money and supplies  and can not get enough but Egypt.
Cleopatra gives in and meets him in Tarsus.
Antony becomes drunk.
Cleopatra sneaks away  leaving a slave dressed.
Antony discovers the trick and confronts the queen.
They soon become lovers.
Octavian uses their affair.
Octavian traps him to Octavian s sister  Octavia.
When Antony returns to address the situation brewing there.
Cleopatra flies.
When she learns the news.
A year or so later   he is forced to humble himself publicly.
When Antony next sees Cleopatra.
She demands a third.
Antony acquiesces and divorces Octavia.
Octavian clamors.
The Senate is unmoved  the Senators abandon their hero and vote for war.
Octavian reveals that Antony has left a will stating that he is to be buried  shocked and insulted.
Who had previously stood.
Octavian murders the Egyptian ambassador  Cleopatra s tutor Sosigenes.
The war is decided on September 2  31 B.
C.
Defeats the Anthony-Egyptian fleet.
Where Octavian s fleet.
Seeing Antony s ship burning  Cleopatra assumes.
Orders the Egyptian forces home.
Antony follows  leaving his fleet leaderless.
Soon defeated.
Several months later  Cleopatra manages to convince Antony to retake command and fight Octavian s advancing army.
However  Antony s soldiers have lost faith and abandon him during the night  Rufio  the last man loyal to Antony  is killed.
Antony tries to goad Octavian  but is finally forced to flee into the city.
Apollodorus  not believing  convinces him  whereupon Antony falls.
When Antony returns.
Antony is worthy.
She is dead.
Apollodorus then takes Antony.
He dies.
Octavian captures the city.
Cleopatra is brought.
He wants to return in triumph  with her as his prisoner.
However  realizing  she arranges to be bitten.
Her son is also dead.
She sends her servant Charmian to give Octavian a letter.
She asks to be buried with Antony.
Octavian realizes.
She is going to kill herself and he and his guards burst and find her dressed in gold and her and her servant Iras dead while an asp crawls along the floor.
Octavian is angry.
She is dead and leaves.
One asks dying Charmian.
Charmian answers  Extremely well and dies.
<EOS>
The short begins  but is set apart from all.
Had come.
This cartoon introduced Dippy Dawg.
He constantly irritated his fellow spectators.
Two spectators knocked him out.
<EOS>
Major Ben Wheeler was a Canadian doctor assigned.
When the Japanese forced an unconditional surrender in.
The movie recounts  in a mining labour camp in northern Taiwan.
The story is conveyed  the narration of Ben Wheeler s diary with dramatized scenes of life in the camp and archival footage of related events  and the vivid  personal stories of Dr Wheeler s surviving fellow POWs.
The film flashes.
Dr Wheeler is the protagonist  both physicially and mentally.
Who is portrayed.
This is affirmed with the exception of his love and longing for his family.
Evidence are also abundantly given by the interviewees.
Who all owed their lives.
The film does not demonize them.
The Japanese captors are no doubt the cruel and humiliating antagonists.
The final interviewee provides some insightful revelation on  and the effect of his experience on his life.
He and his comrades perceive their captors.
<EOS>
The protagonist is Varun  played by the director  Nagesh Kukunoor.
The movie revolves after 12 years in the USA and his resulting culture shock.
The movie is a romantic comedy.
The dialogue is primarily  with some Hindi spoken as well.
<EOS>
Three smalltown friends looking to leave their troubles behind come up to fund their trip to the big city.
But.
The authorities become involved  they are left but to take hostage a pair of traveling young lovebirds  with no shortage of problems of their own.
<EOS>
The movie is set in 1914  on the eve of World War I.
1914 was the year.
Chaplin made his first movie.
Calvero  once a famous stage clown but now a washed-up drunk  saves a young dancer  Thereza Ambrose  alias Terry.
Nursing her back  Calvero helps Terry regain her self-esteem and resume her dancing career.
He regains his own self-confidence  but his attempts to make.
Terry says  a young composer Calvero believes.
She wants to marry Calvero  although she has befriended Neville.
Would be better suited.
Calvero leaves home and becomes a street entertainer.
Order to give them a chance.
Terry  now starring  eventually finds Calvero and persuades him to return to the stage for a benefit concert.
Reunited  Calvero gives a triumphant comeback performance but immediately suffers a heart attack and dies in the wings.
Just a few feet away Terry  the second act  dances on stage.
This represents the end.
The fading.
Said. 
<EOS>
17-year-old Sydney finds Willie is happy as long.
When the Donovan family moves to Connecticut.
It s not easy being away from her old friends  but her 12-year-old genius brother.
He can tinker with his increasingly complex experiments.
Willie is convinced.
He can defeat the aging process.
He accidentally spills some.
Devising an experimental anti-aging formula.
She s transformed.
When his grandmother Cat mistakenly uses the tainted soap.
Her ex husband Gene follows suit  and is also returned.
Cat and Gene are having a fine time reliving their youth and enjoying the thrill  but there s a fly in the ointment -- Willie learns.
His formula could have deadly side effects.
Now he must discover an antidote to return his grandparents.
Gene asks Cat to marry him again after their crazy experience.
Cat says yes.
The film was edited  cutting several scenes  to be viewed.
<EOS>
This is one.
Warner would occasionally produce featuring few or none.
It contains a series and plays on words  and topical references.
A narrator describes the action.
A skunk cage is a scenter  the skunk is seen reading.
To Win Friends and Influence People.
A giraffe is being fed  the food chunks roll down its throat and into its stomach with the sound effects of junk crashing loudly.
White rabbits are seen multiplying - operating adding machines.
The bird house includes a wise old owl  who seems reluctant to accept the label  a parrot who talks like a street tough and wants a beer  and an Alcatraz jail-bird  with a voice like Edward G.
A retired lion tamer named J.
Wellington Buttonhook   puts down the paper and is seen to be headless.
Who used to put his head as part of his circus act.
He s reading.
This character was the inspiration.
A Rocky Mountain wildcat is seen jumping around and acting crazy.
The narrator asks  What made you wild.
A running gag features Egghead teasing a ferocious lion.
Egghead slinks away  invoking Lou Costello s catch phrase  I m a baaad boy.
Finally  the lion is seen alone.
The narrator comments.
Elmer has learned his lesson.
The lion slowly shakes his head  smiles and opens his mouth.
The eyes appear from within the lion s stomach  and Elmer s voice echoes forth  I m a baaad boy.
This final scene would be alluded later in Hare Do.
Which Elmer Fudd is swallowed up as part of the closing gag.
This cartoon was one  a parody of Ripley s Believe It or Not.
The cartoon is available.
The elephant made a cameo in.
Who Framed Roger Rabbit.
<EOS>
Presented  The Last Mimzy is the story of a distant future s attempt to avert a catastrophic ecological disaster.
Has destroyed their world.
High tech devices  masquerading  are sent back in time into the hands of Noah and Emma  two children Jo and David in early 21st century Seattle.
Who live.
The toys are mostly incomprehensible  except for.
What appears to be a stuffed rabbit named Mimzy.
Sensing the strangeness  the children initially keep their discovery a secret from their parents.
Interaction causes the children to develop increased intelligence and psychic capabilities  including telepathy  levitation  telekinesis  realize the mandala  teleportation  and the ability to communicate with arthropods.
Emma becomes emotionally attached.
Which she learns how to further operate the devices.
Emma develops more of the unique abilities than her brother  being the only one of the siblings to display an abnormal increase in intelligence/brain activity telekinesis  levitation  precognition  and telepathy.
Emma is also the only one.
Who can use the Spinners  strange spinning  floating rocks that produce a force field.
Noah s abilities are increased intelligence  communication  and telepathy.
Noah seems somewhat envious of his sister s prowess  but she reveals to him.
She can not build the bridge without him.
The children s unusual abilities and Emma s obsessive attachment to Mimzy soon alert their parents and schoolteachers  later  a power black-out of half of the state of Washington caused by the toys alerts the FBI to their activities as well.
The family is held.
It is revealed.
Mimzy is actually an advanced form.
Mimzy has brought a message.
Emma explains to mean that pollution has corrupted humanity s DNA.
Many rabbits were sent to the past.
None had successfully returned  Mimzy is the last one remaining.
The reason is revealed to be because the Chosen Ones.
They were too afraid to attempt it.
Mimzy explains DNA.
They must use the toys to return her to the future with uncorrupted 21st century.
The people can use to correct the damage to their DNA caused by the ecological problems.
Noah and Emma use their psychic powers to escape with Mimzy and the other objects and are able to activate the time portal by.
Mimzy can return.
Fortunately  Mimzy carries  thus providing the pure DNA required to prevent the disaster.
Emma is almost sucked.
Noah grabs Emma s foot and pulls out just.
Mimzy is sent.
Emma is revered as the mother of all the present generations  and the children and teacher.
Who narrated the movie exhibit the same psychic gifts that Emma had developed.
The world has become a more beautiful place.
Where it is presumed that humanity has integrated better.
The story ends.
What she did.
Emma smiles.
<EOS>
Cornelia Van Gorder is a mystery author.
Who lives.
The Bat is said to be a man.
Who murders women by ripping out their throats with steel claws.
Early  The Bat enters Van Gorder s house and releases a bat.
Bites van Gorder s maid Lizzy.
Fearing she may now have contracted the rabies  an outbreak.
Which local papers have reported.
Van Gorder calls her doctor  Dr Malcolm Wells.
Who is conducting research.
Meanwhile  the whole town is searching.
Were recently stolen.
Dr Wells discovers the location.
When the thief confides.
Wells then murders the thief.
So that he can take the treasure  which he believes to be hidden in van Gorder s house.
A series brings the local chief of detectives  Andy Anderson to the Van Gorder house.
The Bat then murders two people.
Anderson attempts to determine the identity.
Wells is removed  however.
When he is murdered in his lab.
Miss Van Gorder cleverly manages to capture The Bat.
The Bat shoots a detective named Davenport  he is then shot.
Warner unmasks The Bat.
He is revealed to be Lieutenant Anderson.
<EOS>
Nightclub singer Ilona Vance is accused.
She was the last person to see crooked attorney Frank Hobart alive.
Lt.
Hargis attempts to prove her innocence.
<EOS>
Lester Parson has a gambling problem.
He also has a problem.
He weds and then kills off rich widowed middle-aged women.
<EOS>
Happy American bachelor Raj reluctantly attends his cousin s wedding.
Where he finds himself pushed by his overzealous uncle.
His uncle s employee  Namrata  begrudgingly chaperones Raj.
He deliberately sabotages.
Raj watches Namrata dancing and realizes.
He loves her.
He finally gets the strength to tell her.
He discovers.
She has a son  Aditya  and is already married.
Raj is confused  but forms a strong fatherly relationship anyway.
His uncle informs him   Raj takes heart.
Namrata s husband disappeared right.
Namrata is still technically married.
Soon enough  however  she finds out.
She attempts to distance herself from him  knowing.
They can never be together.
Nevertheless  Raj follows her  having promised the boy to pose as his father.
He sarcastically comments.
Raj drives Namrata home.
Her circumstances must have been her fault.
Upset  she tells Raj.
Her husband was the one that left her.
She was pregnant.
Eventually Namrata comes round.
They both get together.
Raj is about to introduce Namrata.
Her husband Sanjeev walks back.
As she is about to leave.
Where they left off.
She does not want anything to do.
She grudgingly takes him back.
Though she is now.
Raj invites Sanjeev to his cousin s wedding.
Adi also comes and goes straight and calls him Dad.
Sanjeev  jealous and angry  insults Raj and his family and creates a scene.
Namrata  finally gets the courage to tell Sanjeev.
She is no longer his wife and that she is.
Raj and Namrata get married  have a child and live happily ever.
<EOS>
The movie was shot.
When educated people were getting influenced by the western culture hence the people from rural areas who placed a lot of importance to values and culture  strongly abstained from marrying into city people s homes.
Geeta is a girl and is well educated  her parents had brought up her with traditional values and respect for those values.
Her parents decide to marry her off with Ratan Chowdhury  the son of a zaminder.
Who had the mind frame that a highly educated wife would be incapable  specially in a joint family.
Later he marries Geeta and the talk of others stop him from accepting her.
He disowns her.
Poor Geeta has to go back.
She refuses to remarry.
Instead she continues her studies to become a doctor.
She goes back to Ratan s village as Vidya.
She wants to clear the wrong perceptions.
Ratan has.
Ratan could nt recognise her.
He had not even seen her face  even.
He falls with Vidya and intends to marry her.
Ratan meets with an accident and suffers a very bad injury post.
Needs surgery.
Geeta has to do the job.
She performs it successfully.
Will Ratan accept Geeta.
<EOS>
Can madness be described.
Aminta was her window to the world.
<EOS>
Anwar  a Muslim  lives a middle-class lifestyle with his mother  brother  and sister-in-law  Suraiya.
Anwar is researching.
The family rents out a room.
Whom Anwar falls with.
Anwar is certain and is shocked.
When he finds out that she has eloped.
He informs her mother.
Who calls upon her nephew and kin to locate Mehru.
They find the couple.
Udit is killed.
Mehru is beaten.
A guilt-ridden Anwar takes shelter.
Contains drawings on Lord Krishna  Devi Meera  and Mehru.
This bag ends up.
Who now believe that Anwar is a terrorist who is planning to detonate bombs.
The place is surrounded.
Who are anxious to win the Hindu vote.
Who are here to see the show.
Set  amidst the craze for Valentine s Day  Britney Spears  Osama Bin Laden  George W.
Bush  and the American way must now examine his options.
<EOS>
The film begins.
Ann Forester and Don Young observe  he successfully concludes an experiment to restore life to a dead rabbit.
The misshapen Moloch arrives to claim the body of the now dead Ape Woman.
The inquisitive attendant begins checking his credentials and is strangled.
Moloch escapes unseen.
Moloch ditches the stolen vehicle over a cliff and proceeds with his own car to his final destination.
He arrives and carries his cargo inside.
The police  led manage to discover a clue  a medical smock  found near the wreckage of the ambulance.
They trace it.
Where Harrigan finds that it belongs  making him suspicious of the young lab assistant.
Ann  present  offers a fake alibi to cover for her fiancee.
Later  Stendahl abducts Ann and transports her.
Contains Moloch and the body.
He plans to use a portion.
Moloch  enamored  becomes very protective of her.
The biochemist is successful in restoring life to the beast.
He knows.
Order to fully prove his theory.
He will need to convert her.
He sends Moloch to secure the records.
Remain. 
A later dialog exchange reveals.
The hapless Fletcher was killed.
Armed  Stendahl utilizes glandular secretions from his captive lab assistant to complete the Ape Woman s metamorphosis.
However  the brain has been damaged and possesses only animal instincts.
He determines.
A new brain is needed  and decides to use Ann.
Stendahl departs  and the now very human Ape Woman wanders away.
Moloch can not locate her  and goes to Stendahl s office in search of his boss.
He finds Don there  but is informed.
Stendahl is out.
Don notices.
Moloch is wearing a fraternity pin that he had given.
He trails Moloch back  and is there captured by Moloch and Stendahl.
Stendahl and Moloch attempt to locate the missing Ape Woman.
Don frees himself and tries to escape.
They are engaged.
Stendahl and Moloch thwart his efforts  and return them.
The police make a search at the Medical Building.
Harrigan finds.
A utility bill receipt  indicating an Old Orchard Road address  paid.
Remembering  he decides to follow up.
The wrecked ambulance was discovered.
Don  tied once again  is forced to watch.
Stendahl prepares.
However   the once loyal henchman turns.
When Don explains to Moloch that the brain transplant will result.
Stendahl guns him down.
Unbeknownst  the gunfire causes the Ape Woman to revert to her beastly form.
The creature rises and attacks him.
He continues his preparations.
She turns her attention toward the helpless Ann  but is in turn shot by the arriving Harrigan in the nick of time.
The film ends.
A closer examination reveals the purpose  to pick up their wedding gift from Harrigan.
<EOS>
Ellie Harris goes Kate s residential home  Woodlane  in search of a job.
Ellie has some trouble adjusting but quickly befriends a resident named Alice.
Ellie decides to have talks  much to her sister s annoyance.
She also has trouble doing.
What she is told.
Ellie decides to help her feel better by taking her down to the river and giving her marijuana to ease her pain.
The next day  however  Ellie finds out.
Alice has died.
Kate gets news.
Their mother had a stroke and decides to be.
She asks Ellie to stay behind.
Are staying because Ellie and her mother do not get along.
Georgia Platts is a former actress and singer.
The Nightingale sisters  Heather and Hazel  are spinsters.
Who moved.
Donald Vanston is a recovering alcoholic.
Who enjoys playing piano and used to be a judge.
These four residents are driving out others.
They also seem to believe.
Because they pay to be there  they can act however they please.
She learns more.
Ellie is watching over them.
Donald requests his breakfast at the usual time at.
She tells him.
He gets upset that his order is wrong.
He can have breakfast.
Donald reveals to Ellie.
The music he plays is his late wife s favorite song and that he regrets not sobering up before she died.
Heather demands.
She be given any letters addressed.
However  Kate neglected to tell Ellie this.
She got a letter from the postman.
She notices sketches and paintings and realizes.
When Ellie goes to give the letter.
Hazel is a talented artist.
Hazel finds Ellie.
She leave.
Ellie then slips the letter.
It is then revealed.
Heather has been writing when Hazel s son Simon  whom she was forced to give up for adoption  tried to find her.
Heather later tells Hazel.
She was afraid that Simon would take Hazel away.
Hazel then tells Heather.
They decide to meet Simon together.
Georgia constantly asks to make her martinis and makes frequent trips to the local pub to entertain the patrons.
Georgia tells Ellie.
After her husband died  she decided to get back  but realized that everything had changed since she was young.
She then moved.
She hated being alone and that abusing everyone is part.
Ellie decides to have a Christmas dinner.
They all go out to buy decorations and food.
They decide to have a drink and Ellie points out Hazel s paintings hung on the wall behind them.
Heather then shows everyone her talent.
They all drive back.
Singing carols.
They then have their Christmas dinner together and start to get along.
The next day  Mr Evans   arrives and is shocked.
Kate would leave residents alone.
The residents band together saying.
They wanted to stay and that they are a family.
Donald then asks.
He wants to stay.
Mr Evans leaves  startled.
He then comes back saying.
He was upset because his wife just left him and he stays.
Later   Heather is shown keeping a garden  Hazel is painting outside.
When Kate returns.
Donald and Georgia are handing out tea.
Who are raking the lawn.
Ellie then tells Kate.
She has decided to leave and will spend some time.
Donald and Georgia are dancing outside  singing How About You.
<EOS>
Granny is planning a day-long trip and leaves Hector in charge of looking after Tweety and keeping Sylvester away  mimicking gunfire  she threatens to shoot and kill him.
Tweety is harmed.
Later  Sylvester sneaks up and grabs him out of his cage.
Hector quickly sniffs out the cat and chases him away  Sylvester s attempt to get Hector to shut up only make him angrier.
Tweety  deciding  decides to look around the barnyard.
He needs a little fresh air as long as he s.
He greets a cow and a pig this time leads to the fenced in area of a chicken coop.
Where a large male rooster serves.
Sylvester tries using a wind-up toy soldier to get the hens to stand up  allowing the cat to kidnap.
What the mother hen thinks is one.
The rooster intervenes and.
Making Sylvester give the bird back -- Tweety sarcastically says  You tee  he s really a nice puddy tat  -- sets up a screen and beats up the puddy tat.
Later  Tweety feeds  himself mimicking a chick  the bird advising a worm to hide.
He ll be eaten.
Sylvester disguises himself as a hen and calls Tweety over.
The rooster decides to court Sylvester.
The cat can grab dinner.
The courtship immediately ends  the rooster demanding   he decides to see.
Sylvester lay eggs.
When the rooster s suspicion is confirmed.
The cat can hatch an egg.
Just then  Hector realizes and hears Granny s horse and buggy coming back home.
Tweety is.
Hector finds Sylvester and demands to know the bird s whereabouts.
Short unable to answer  Hector hastily paints the cat yellow  places him in Tweety s cage and makes him sing.
The ruse works.
Hector s well-being is ensured.
Tweety then comes  sees Sylvester in the cage acting like a bird.
Ho ho.
<EOS>
A young loner wandering the back roads comes across an abandoned baby.
He immediately starts seeking the baby s parents  but starts developing a bond.
Explores his own isolated roots.
A traveling salesman appears.
Truths start to unravel.
<EOS>
Approaching the end  Jerry Stahl quits his job at a fast food restaurant on an impulse.
When an attractive woman named Kitty pulls up.
The two check.
Where Jerry tells her in between bouts of sex.
A series  intercut with their conversations  details his working life to this point.
Jerry - already addicted to various prescription medications - becomes friends with another addict  Nicky.
Jerry marries Vola s friend Sandra.
She can get her green card.
Sandra uses her position to get Jerry onto the writing staff of the popular comedy series Mr Chompers.
He uses memories  to fuel his writing.
He juggles his Mr Chompers job and regular visits.
However  his drug use eventually gets.
Him fired.
Sandra finds him a new job.
Star Pamela Verlaine insists.
He kick his habit first.
As soon  he runs.
Jerry starts.
Who introduces him to crack cocaine and later Dilaudid.
His increased drug use costs him his new job.
Sandra throws him out  disgusted to shoot up.
When she tells him she is pregnant.
Her opinion falls even further.
When he shows up high.
The flashbacks end  with Jerry returning to Los Angeles in hopes of being part of Nina s life.
He gets high and is arrested.
Looking. 
The incident further strains his relationship.
Who makes it clear that she would prefer to see as little as possible.
He gets a surprise visit.
He begins to resurrect his stalled writing career.
The two have one last sexual encounter.
She leaves to move.
Jerry appears on a series of talk shows and news programs  while commenting in voice-over about the damage.
His addiction has done.
I got out to keep me in hock.
I m.
I m still here.
And  I will be.
<EOS>
The film tells the story  and includes a depiction of the nationalization of women under Bolshevism  including extras on horseback  rounding up women  throwing them into dungeons and beating them.
Brownlow  260 College graduate John King is sympathetic.
Then he is seduced  both romantically and politically.
Her superior is the Bolshevik Boris Blotchi.
Who has a wild dream.
Brownlow  263 Sofia and Boris turn their attention.
Are managed.
The workers have valid grievances.
The Bolsheviks set out to manipulate the situation.
They are the dangerous element.
Ghouls follow an army.
Brownlow  263  he has an epiphany and renounces revolutionary doctrine.
When they threaten John s earlier love.
Brownlow .
<EOS>
The film is set.
When Kerala was brought after the dismissal of the first Communist ministry.
Mangamma and her father are forced to flee their village on the Tamil Nadu-Kerala border.
The landlord s son attempts but unfortunately they both die in a fire.
Destroys the hut.
Mangamma and her father are offered shelter and a job.
Who runs a tea shop.
Nair marries Mangamma.
The later part takes place 16 years later.
Mangamma and Nair have a 15-year-old son - Sankaran.
Who just flirts around  a girl who helps Mangamma in her popcorn business.
The shop is thrown.
When Velayudhan who has worked since childhood disappears one day.
Velayudhan is now a rebel  wanted.
A rich contractor wants to buy Nair s land.
His refusal brings.
The police harasses Mangamma and Nair.
Nair becomes one -- he dies in police custody.
The tea shop is burnt.
Standing up  Mangamma survives.
Velayudhan sits in the tea shop.
He is reading a book.
He remains.
As Mangamma leaves.
<EOS>
Rajvir and Ranvir are devoted brothers.
They along leave their village in Punjab to move to Mumbai.
Ranvir takes.
When their mother passes away.
Ranvir manages to turn everything around.
He becomes really wealthy.
Rajvir lives recklessly and without a care in the world.
Both brothers find love.
Happy  Ranvir arranges the marriage.
Unfortunately he later finds out.
He has arranged Rajvir s marriage.
Rajvir must decide.
What is more important  the brother who has cared and given him everything all these years or his love.
<EOS>
Twin girls Jessica and Susie live.
They have a dream but argue.
This town ai nt big enough.
Who makes their move first.
One day  they receive a letter inviting them to a dude ranch.
Natty  not knowing  wants their mother to come help her at the ranch.
Natty is having financial problems and   Natty does not want to sell the ranch.
The ranch has too few paying visitors.
She has offers.
The girls try to ask their Dad s uptight boss  The Dragonlady   only to get him fired.
They lie and say.
The Dragonlady said that they could go.
The girls and their father go to help Natty.
Called George Tailfeathers and Natty s not-too-bright son Bart Gafooley.
They arrive they meet a Native American.
Jessica and Susie s deceased mother s horse  Lightning  leads them.
They find half  plus their mom s diary plus Bart s secret hideout in a place called The Bear s Mouth.
Tells how Bart had once tried to set fire.
They see smoke and start running towards it  thinking.
It s another fire.
They find out it s Bart burning papers.
The girls lie.
A piece landed on the roof so they can find out what they are.
They find out.
Bart has been turning people away.
Trying to take a paper to show  they are chased by Bart.
What Bart s doing.
Who falls and gets covered in mud.
Bart tears up the paper and snarls  This ranch ai nt big enough.
Brings the girls that Bart was the one in the dream.
Right  George backs them up.
Bart can do any more.
Despite Bart s orders not to  the girls convince Natty to fix up the ranch and open it again.
Later  Bart finds out.
Steven is fired and is about to tell him the truth but gives the girls a chance to tell them themselves.
Steven turns down her job offerings.
Later  the girls find a hidden trapdoor and go inside and find out.
Bart is selling the ranch to make Gafooleyland Theme Park.
The girls convince her.
Natty is about to sign the deed.
What Bart is up.
Heartbroken  she orders him or else he d get a good spanking.
Meanwhile  Steven tries to get a loan but is turned down.
Is. 
What he does nt know.
The bank is already.
That night  the girls run off to convince Leo McRugger  the guy  to not go through with the deal.
Who Bart is selling the ranch.
Their offers are so interesting  McRugger and his executives decide to come down to see.
The place is actually what the girls are talking about.
The ranch is fixed up.
The activities are set up.
However  every activity is sabotaged.
The girls decide to find a lost treasure.
When all is lost.
They have a map.
But first  they trap Bart.
He ca nt do any more damage.
The girls and everyone else find the gold.
Turns out to be Fool s Gold  but still pleases McRugger and his executives.
He agrees to spare the ranch.
They are confronted.
They head.
Bart tries to escape.
The girls go.
Him only to be grabbed and taken down the river.
Bart heads.
Them down rapids and then realizes that they re headed.
The girls see a rope hanging off a bridge.
They grab it and hang on  Hasta La Vista  Bart.
HEY.
Pretty soon  the girls write their own diary.
<EOS>
The genesis and metamorphoses  from the first intuition to the first clapboard.
This documentary travels the rivers  stream in search of the Unshod Man.
<EOS>
Satirising the American Western genre  Lemonade Joe is a clean-living gunfighter.
Who drinks only Kolaloka lemonade and takes.
It is a musical comedy parodying the old silent westerns  and sped up fight scenes  including the obligatory breaking banister.
Is good.
What s good.
E. 
The Kolaloka company.
Whose name is obviously based.
It becomes clearer.
The film progresses.
Joe does nt just clean up the town  but because he wants whiskey out of the way.
One involves the arrival of an evangelist in the town  with his daughter.
He is both contrasted and likened.
The evangelist does nt seem to be working purely.
The film s main theme is the continuing controversy in society.
Initially he is more interested  especially.
She is involved.
<EOS>
Todd Armstrong and Craig Gamble are California college undergraduates.
Who unsuccessfully date co-eds Linda Hughes and Barbara Norris.
Arrogant  handsome  athletic classmate Freddie has no such problems and chooses not to fight off all the women chasing.
Freddie organizes a midterm vacation trip to ski country in Idaho.
Todd and Craig follow Linda and Barbara  to try to learn the secret of Freddie s technique.
They know nothing.
Once  Todd and Craig pose as frumpy  non-threatening  young English women  Jane and Nora  with terrible accents.
They observe the girls up close  to learn.
When not interrupted  yodeling polar bear  or toying with psychologically-imbalanced and lederhosen-clad lodge manager Mr Pevney.
To succeed  and figure out how they have gone wrong.
To make Linda jealous  Todd attracts the attention.
When he s dressed.
But Freddie becomes obsessed.
When Craig is dressed.
Who play hard to get.
Nita persuades Todd   to compete in a ski jump against Freddie.
Todd s jump  featuring absurdly comical special effects  forces Craig to shoot him down  resulting.
Todd crawls  late at night  with his broken leg covered in a plaster cast  to Nita s house.
Toting a bottle  he learns.
Nita is not the exotic minx she pretends to be but aspires to be treated  that is  with much talk and little action.
Back  Freddie  still obsessed with Craig s female character  Nora  tries to break down Nora s room door.
Stuck inside  Todd and Craig contemplate their next move.
They escape.
Somehow they hail a taxi  and rack up an enormous fare.
Freddie follows.
The rest abruptly ends its spring break and follows behind on the bus.
Todd and Linda  and Craig and Barbara arrive   at Todd s parents  beachfront house.
There the two couples share their true feelings and the boys surprise the girls.
Delusional Freddie swims.
He will catch his beloved brunette-wigged Nora who swam off ahead and is somewhere near Guam.
<EOS>
Robert and Catherine Wilson are a timid married couple.
He is a bookkeeper  she a bored housewife.
However  their tedium-filled lives are drastically changed.
He enlists.
She joins the Wrens.
The couple are apart  they are transformed  each becoming much more.
Cathy s assertive new friend  Dizzy Clayton  helps her break out.
She begins going out.
Who falls with her.
However  she remains faithful.
Meanwhile  Robert toughens up and in time becomes a petty officer.
His hands are badly burned.
When his ship is sunk.
He stoically rows without complaint.
He recuperates.
He asks her out to dinner.
He is attracted.
She informs him.
She lost her beloved husband only six months earlier  kisses him  and leaves.
Robert and Cathy both receive ten-day leaves.
Each dreads being reunited.
Each remembers.
They shared.
Cathy can not bring herself to return.
Where Robert is waiting.
Instead  she phones Robert to meet her.
She tells him she will not be returning.
He is relieved and readily agrees.
They then go.
Where each discovers the wholesale changes.
They find.
They are perfect strangers.
Nonetheless  they are attracted.
Robert s friend ` Scotty  lets slip Robert s unflattering description  it hardens her heart.
But later that night  the couple reconsider and reconcile.
<EOS>
The film is about the friendship  Sarah Elizabeth  Pooja Krishna and Sridevi  all studying in 12th standard at Lord s Academy in Ooty.
They come  with her separated parents  Sridevi  from a happy  close-knit family  with her parents doting on her  and Pooja  a day scholar living near the school with her mother.
Whom the threesome depend on.
When they have problem.
But  they believe in solving the problems by themselves.
Sreedevi falls with a schoolmate  Sooraj Menon.
Sarah and Pooja approve their love.
Hesitant. 
Sreedevi and Sooraj engage in sex.
Eventually she becomes pregnant  much.
They keep the news  fearing the sorrow and wrath of Sreedevi s parents  even Sooraj is kept in the dark  for fear.
The news may leak out.
They decide to go.
The trio sneaks out of the campus  and reaches the hospital.
Pooja keeps watch.
Sarah and Sreedevi go in.
They convince the gynaecologist by telling several lies  including.
Sreedevi had been raped.
Sreedevi suffers excessive blood loss and dies.
Sarah and Pooja flee the hospital and return to school.
However  they are summoned.
Who came as a part of an enquiry identifies Sarah.
Sarah confesses.
Sreedevi actually had sex  but she maintains.
She loves.
She does nt know who that is.
Pooja   distances herself  leaving Sarah embarrassed and angry.
Who considers her future as important.
The principal   dismisses Sarah.
Who is concerned for not registering a police case.
Pooja  now ashamed and disturbed by  tries to apologize to Sarah  but meets with hostility.
What she did.
Pooja loses her mental stability  unable to take the pressure.
Years later   she receives a letter.
Claims to be.
The letter informs her.
Pooja was.
She needs Sarah s company.
Sarah  returning  finds out.
Pooja has been discharged.
They realise they had planted years ago.
Much they missed each other and return to a tree.
<EOS>
A dedicated American war photographer  Jack Scott  helps a beautiful Eurasian girl.
<EOS>
Woods  a small backwater town  an old blind witch  Ms.
Osie  feeds a deformed orphan named Tommy  he is the offspring.
A car pull up and notice him.
Tommy eats.
Convinced  they chase him  eventually  they corner him at an old iron mine  and drop him down into the mine  killing him.
He is some demonic monster.
Where they bludgeon him.
35 years later  Sheriff Sean Braddock  his wife  and his daughter Jenny have come.
Sean grew up and returned.
When offered a job.
Jenny meets a group of wild kids.
Of whom is Daniel Danny Dixon  whose dad  is the town judge.
The teens sneak off one night and pilfer Sean s car.
Danny inadvertently hits Ms.
Osie.
They find a spellbook and vials.
When they go.
She is planning to resurrect Tommy.
Osie catches them  she orders them out.
Danny knocks her down and escapes.
Danny and his friends attempt to resurrect Tommy s corpse.
Jenny notices Ms.
Osie s cabin and Danny and his friends flee.
Ms.
Osie is badly burnt and ends up.
Unbeknownst  the spell worked  resurrecting Tommy in the form of Pumpkinhead.
They d attempted.
Soon  Judge Dixon s friends begin to meet grisly deaths.
Jenny s father investigates and begins to come.
Tommy is responsible.
Ms.
Osie dies  but not.
Sean discovers the connection  realizing.
The judge is next.
Judge Dixon calls his posse to assist him.
Whatever is murdering his friends.
Pumpkinhead brutally murders Judge Dixon.
They can arrive however.
He begins going.
That Tommy has avenged his own death.
Sean and the town doctor go to find Jenny.
Pumpkinhead has murdered Danny and his 3 friends.
He then chases Jenny.
Sean had saved his life years earlier  and because Jenny was innocent of hurting Ms.
Osie  Tommy allows Jenny to step down.
However  the judge s posse arrives and shoots Tommy back.
Where he had died 35 years earlier.
<EOS>
Antonio Ricci is desperate for work to support his wife  son and baby.
He is offered a position posting advertising bills  but tells his wife Maria.
He can not accept because the job requires a bicycle.
Maria resolutely strips the bed -- prized possessions for a poor family -- and takes them to the pawn office.
Where they are exchanged.
They cycle home -- Maria -- rejoicing in their good fortune.
Maria insists on leaving money for a seer.
Who had prophesied Antonio would find work.
Antonio is atop a ladder.
When a young man snatches the bicycle.
He gives chase but is thrown off the trail.
The police take a report but warn.
There is little they can do.
Advised  Antonio goes there.
Stolen goods often find their way.
They locate a bike  an officer is summoned.
Might be Antonio s.
The serial number does nt match.
Antonio and Bruno spot the thief with an old man  they pursue the thief.
He eludes them.
They demand the thief s identity.
He feigns ignorance.
They follow him.
He slips away.
Antonio has Bruno wait.
Antonio searches.
Suddenly there are cries.
A boy is drowning.
Antonio rushes and is relieved to see.
The drowning boy is not Bruno.
Antonio treats Bruno.
Here they momentarily forget their troubles.
Antonio is again seized by his calamity  and tortures himself by reckoning his lost earnings.
Desperate  Antonio consults the seer  You ll find the bike soon  or not at all.
Who tells him.
Leaving the seer s house Antonio encounters the thief and pursues him.
What turns out to be a house.
Hostile neighbors gather.
Antonio accuses the thief  who conveniently falls.
Bruno has fetched a policeman.
Who searches the thief s apartment.
The policeman tells Antonio  Antonio has no witnesses.
The case is weak.
The neighbors are certain to provide the thief an alibi.
Antonio and Bruno walk off to jeers and threats from the crowd.
They.
Is underway  outside  rows of bicycles await their owners.
Antonio sees an unattended bicycle.
He paces.
Distractedly then sits on the curb  his head in his hands.
Rushes past -- the world seems full.
He looks up a stream.
He resumes pacing  anguished and agitated  and finally gives Bruno some money.
Here  take the streetcar.
Wait.
Antonio circles the unattended bicycle  summons his courage  and jumps.
The hue and cry is instantly raised.
Bruno   is stunned to see his father surrounded and pulled.
Who has missed the streetcar.
The bicycle s owner slaps the hat.
Here.
Wait  let him go  the owner says.
The man has enough trouble.
A fine example.
You set.
Bruno hands his father the hat  crying bravely.
Antonio stares dazedly ahead  unreacting even as a truck brushes his shoulder.
They look briefly  Antonio fights back tears  Bruno takes his father s hand.
The camera watches.
They disappear.
<EOS>
Rimsky-Korsakov  a midshipman  secretly yearns to be a composer.
Naval regulations prevent him.
He uses a stopover to work on his next composition  Scheherazade  with the tacit support of his captain.
There he meets Cara de Talavera and her mother.
Romantic events and complications ensue.
He has to leave to return home   but Cara unexpectedly turns up as one of the dancers.
Where his ballet is staged.
They are reunited.
Answers.
Comamazon. 
<EOS>
Most is told in flashbacks  starting with Hoffa first meeting Ciaro and ending with one version of Hoffa s mysterious disappearance.
Hoffa and Ciaro are first seen impatiently waiting.
Others are late.
Asked  Hoffa gives Ciaro a scornful glance.
He wants to leave.
The first flashback then occurs  A young Jimmy Hoffa approaches a parked truck  inside.
Which driver Ciaro is taking a nap.
Hoffa talks about the benefits of joining the Teamsters.
He gives Ciaro a business card   Give this man.
Which he has written.
Whatever he needs.
A few days later  Ciaro reports to work to find Hoffa attempting to organize the workers.
Hoffa blurts out together.
Ciaro is fired.
He later accosts Hoffa  but is persuaded to drop it at gunpoint by Hoffa s associate Billy Flynn.
Ciaro joins the pair.
Whose owner has refused to cooperate.
Flynn is badly burned and dies.
Ciaro succeeds him.
Another flashback shows a Teamsters strike.
Hoffa is taken.
Strikers fight.
Ciaro   comes along.
Who speaks Italian.
An alliance is formed.
Hoffa meets Carol DAllesandro.
Who would become his closest mob ally.
Hoffa rises.
His illegal activities include the use to provide loans to the mob.
Hoffa is questioned by Robert F.
Kennedy regarding his suspicious union activities.
The tension grows  especially after John F.
Kennedy is elected U.
S.
President and brother Bobby becomes Attorney General.
Hoffa is betrayed in court.
The evidence used are the plans.
He wrote.
He surrenders and serves time in a Pennsylvania federal prison.
Frank Fitzsimmons takes his place.
Ciaro  also convicted and imprisoned  is freed and immediately begins working for his boss s release.
DAllesandro suggests.
The Teamsters endorse Richard M.
Nixon being that in exchange for Teamster endorsement  Hoffa will receive a presidential pardon.
Hoffa gets out and expects to again run the Teamsters  but learns.
One is that he is ineligible to run the union for ten years.
Hoffa meets and is shown screaming at the gangster  the tirade is laced with various obscenities and descriptive suggestions as to.
Hoffa wants Fitzsimmons dead.
What to do.
DAllesandro tells Hoffa.
He s ` too hot  and that  I ca nt get close.
Hoffa leaves.
Some time later  Hoffa tells DAllesandro.
Unless the matter can be settled  Hoffa will go to the press and detail his dealings with DAllesandro.
DAllesandro then tells Ciaro to tell Hoffa.
` everything s gon na be all right  and also that Ciaro should tell Hoffa  I know he does nt mean it  and that they should all meet the next day  a local diner.
Hoffa and Ciaro spend several hours waiting in the parking lot of the diner.
He never arrives.
A purported union driver  reveals himself to be a ` hit man.
Who had been waiting  allegedly for a part for his truck.
Just exactly  however  the implication is.
Who sent this ` hit man  is not revealed.
He was sent for Hoffa s threat to ` go to the press.
Hoffa is gunned down.
Ciaro is shot.
Ciaro s body is dumped.
The car is driven.
Had driven up as the shootings were taking place.
The camera focuses showing the different state plates  implying a final bit of irony.
Hoffa s dead body is being transported   by a Teamster driver.
The truck drives off.
The movie ends.
<EOS>
Devon Butler is an.
Who dreams.
He watches.
Police TV shows  knows police procedures and plays cops and burglars.
One day   he witnesses a murder.
Snooping around.
He goes.
Who want the information  but refuses to give it unless they make Devon a cop.
The police then team him.
The two team up to find the killer.
The two eventually come.
Order to bring the killer.
<EOS>
Sophie Dorothea seeks solace.
When her husband Prince George Louis  later to become King George I  wants nothing to do with her.
The lovers are brought down.
<EOS>
This early Chaplin film has him playing a character quite different.
Which he would become famous.
He is a rich  upper-class gentleman.
Whose romance is endangered when his girlfriend oversees him being embraced.
Chaplin s romantic interest was the wife of fellow Keystone actor  Roscoe Fatty Arbuckle.
<EOS>
Troy and Duke have attended dozens.
Who have died.
Many were unable to afford the prohibitively expensive drugs.
They needed to stay alive.
Troy and Duke decide to stage a series of robberies  stealing supplies of the life-saving drugs.
Their heists are so successful.
They re soon able to begin distributing medications.
<EOS>
The film begins.
It later transpires.
Tadgh killed the donkey.
The donkeys owner blames Bull McCabe.
McCabe has a deep attachment his family have cultivated from barren  to a very productive piece of land over a number of generations.
The fields owner is a widow.
Who   decides to sell the field.
McCabe has been trying to buy the field for some time.
She decides to sell the field directly.
Unknown his son  Tadgh  has been harassing the widow nightly for years.
The widow believes.
McCabe is to force her into a sale.
There will be an auction.
Nobody would dare bid for my field.
An American  Peter   arrives.
Whose ancestors are.
He has plans to build a hydro-electric plant.
Central is McCabe s field.
Peter repeatedly out-bids McCabe  forcing the price up to 100 pounds.
What McCabe can afford.
Seeing the bidding war the widow stops the auction and insists.
There would be a new auction.
Knowing and seeing his cattle thrown off the field  McCabe goes.
He can not out bid Peter.
Who has been supporting him.
McCabe now discovers Tadgh s actions  expelling him  and goes on to explain his deep attachment to the field.
This includes the death.
Peter refuses to back down.
McCabe and Tadgh confront Peter at a waterfall he has just purchased  the night before the second auction.
McCabe himself intervenes and beats both men.
When Tadgh fails to defeat Peter.
Peter is killed.
Upon realising McCabe has a mental break.
He confuses.
Peter with is dead son Seamie.
Tadgh flees he has fallen for.
He tells her he has killed Peter.
They plan to run off together.
The Bird bids and secures the field for 101 pounds at the second auction  unopposed.
A Traveller boy spots the dead donkey floating.
A crane is brought in to recover it.
It inadvertently recovers the corpse.
Tadgh comes home to tell his father and says.
He is leaving.
He never wanted the field.
The Parish priest arrives to confront McCabe.
Having lost his son.
McCabe insanely herds his cattle to the cliffs.
The Bird follows Tadgh and tells him his father.
Has gone mad.
Tadgh rushes to stop his father but gets driven by the heard of cattle and is killed.
The film ends.
McCabe has constant doubts to safeguard the field.
His older son  Seamie  committed suicide.
When he was.
We discover.
McCabe blames himself as McCabe told Seamie the field could only support one family.
Tadgh would have to emigrate.
When he grew up.
McCabe and his wife have not spoken for 18 years.
McCabe also revealed.
He inherited the field as he was the eldest son.
His siblings had no choice but to emigrate.
<EOS>
The film is an attempt to dramatize a synopsis.
The film opens chirping frantic commands from one of the army bases  calling a patrol to report in.
The radio operator lies dead.
The decision is taken to go ahead with maximum mobilization and move its best fighting units into the area of operations.
The first unit deployed is 1/11 Gurkhas.
Who are specialists.
1/11 is led.
Lalit Rai  and has the charismatic and brave Lt.
Manoj Pandey leading one.
Subsequently  the 18th Grenadiers   are deployed.
Was. 
The Grenadiers were led  and among the officers and soldiers were men like Lt.
Col R Vishwanathan  Major Rajesh Adhikari  Lt.
Balwan Singh  Captain Sachin Nimbalkar  and Grenadiers Yogendra Singh Yadav.
2nd Rajputana Rifles  22 & 16 Grenadiers  2 Naga  1 Bihar  8 Sikh  18 Garhwal Rifles  12 JAK LI  3 Punjab and 13th J&K Rifles are also inducted into the theater of conflict.
The first assault is.
Manoj Pandey follows up to launch its attack.
Links and severely mauled Sikh Bn and then.
Is a very heavily defended enemy position supported on the Pakistani side of LOC.
The Gurkhas take Kukarthang.
The enemy is not a rag-tag bunch but rather a trained army unit which is being given full fire support from across the LOC.
The second battle is.
Sits. 
Col.
Khushal s 18th Grenadiers 1st company  led  attacks Tololing.
The company is held up midway  so it decides to wait for clear weather.
The men suffer intense shelling  causing several casualties and panic.
When half asleep.
They try to get to safety  but are pushed down by heavy small arms.
Fire dug into the well-prepared position atop the mountain.
Subsequent counter-attacks are stifled by stiff resistance  in the absence of artillery support for the Indians  claiming the lives of Major Adhikari and Lt.
Col.
Vishwanathan.
The 18th Grenadiers are relieved.
Ravindranath  mm field artillery and acclimatised troops.
Moves. 
They launch a multi-pronged attack.
Ends. 
Vijayant Thapar  Maj.
Padmapani Acharya and Maj.
Vivek Gupta.
All this happens.
The 13th J&K Rifles led.
Col.
Y K Joshi stands.
The 2nd Raj Rif fails.
The 13th JAK Rif is blooded.
Where they take the field and then follows it up.
Where Captain Vikram Batra distinguishes himself and is promoted to captain.
The decisive phase has come.
18th Grenadiers are assigned to take Tiger Hill  17th Jat  1/11 Gurkha to Khalubar Ridge and 13th J&K to Bunker Complex.
The Grenadiers take Tiger Hill  losing its lead Nk Yogender Yadav  and only one of them Grenadier Yogender Yadav survives to link up with the rest of the battalion.
17th Jat suffers heavy casualties  but is able to secure Three Pimple complex.
1/11 Gurkha links up after braving an intense creeping barrage of artillery.
Pandey somehow keeps the sagging morale up.
The battalion begins its attack.
The plans go awry.
Gurkha CO Col Rai is injured.
Pandey volunteers to take out the bunkers.
Are holding up the attack.
The machine guns are taken out.
Pandey is killed.
The last battle is fought but the unit gets split up.
Capt Batra is sent to link up.
Who has been captured one bunker and surrounded.
Nagappa but is pinned down himself  he single.
Handedly takes out two bunkers but is mortally wounded.
The 13th JAK pursues the enemy but stops due to orders not to cross the LOC.
Finally India declares ` OPERATION VIJAY  and secures all its captured heights from the deceitful and cunning Pakistani adversary.
<EOS>
The film tells the story.
Who lived until a tragic accident which left Dabin alive but caused In-ju s death one year later.
Ji-seok tried to commit suicide  however only he can see.
He is comforted.
<EOS>
Chevy Chase once again plays the reporter Irwin M.
Fletch Fletcher.
Who learns that he has inherited a plantation.
Fletch s aunt s lawyer is murdered  leaving Fletch to unravel the mystery.
Fletch dons a series.
Order to catch the real killers and clear his name.
The congregation wants to gain control of Fletch s land in order to build a Christian theme park.
It is subsequently revealed.
A chemical company wants the land so it can dump its toxic waste there.
Fletch Lives was filmed.
<EOS>
A Navy photographer and his three-man team occupy a Tokyo geisha house.
Four girls are living there.
They misunderstand the geisha s occupation  later romance develops.
Eventually the Navy discovers them.
The sailors and the geishas decide to quickly convert the geisha house.
However the orphanage is successful and finally Prince and Suzuki marry two.
<EOS>
Buldeo  an elderly storyteller  is paid by a visiting British memsahib to tell a story of his youth.
He speaks.
He then recalls his early life  he dreams.
His village could one day become an important town  and that the jungle could be conquered.
However   an attack leads to the death of a man and the loss of his child.
When he is speaking.
The child is adopted and grows to be the wild youth Mowgli.
Years later  Mowgli is captured and recognised as the lost child.
Taken  Mowgli learns to speak and tries to imitate the ways of men.
He becomes friendly.
He is convinced that the wild Mowgli is dangerous.
They discover a hidden chamber  containing fabulous wealth.
When Mowgli and Mahala explore the jungle.
Warned  they leave.
The wealth brings death.
Mahala takes one coin.
He tries to force Mowgli to tell him.
When Buldeo sees the coin.
Where the treasure is.
Mowgli refuses.
Buldeo resolves to follow Mowgli.
Later Mowgli fights and kills Shere Khan.
Buldeo arrives.
He is skinning the body.
He threatens Mowgli  but is attacked by Mowgli s friend Bagheera  the black panther.
Buldeo becomes convinced.
Bagheera is Mowgli himself .
He tells the villagers.
Mowgli is a witch  as is his mother.
Mowgli is chained up and threatened  but escapes with his mother s help.
However  she and another villager are tied up.
Who tries to defend her.
Themselves threatened for witchcraft.
Mowgli is followed to the lost city.
They find the treasure  and leave.
They can carry.
But  one kills the other.
When they stop.
The other sleeps.
The killer unconvincingly tells Buldeo.
The victim had attacked him and that he had killed.
Buldeo knows better.
The next day  the killer attacks Buldeo.
His back is turned.
Buldeo knocks him.
Where he is killed.
Mowgli   tells Bagheera to chase Buldeo  the sole survivor.
Who d been trailing the men.
Buldeo flees  jettisoning the treasure.
He d been carrying.
Enraged and maddened  Buldeo tries to kill Mowgli  and even the jungle itself.
The fire rages.
The wind turns and threatens the village.
The villagers flee.
Mowgli s mother and her defender are trapped.
Mowgli brings the elephants and breaks open the building  escaping to the river with his mother  Mahala and other villagers.
He is invited to follow them  but refuses to leave the jungle  turning back to help animals trapped by the fire.
The scene returns  with the elderly Buldeo telling his story  and admitting.
The jungle defeated his youthful dreams.
He looks and says.
When asked how he escaped himself  and what became of Mowgli and his daughter.
Is another story.
<EOS>
Political and public pressure coerces the government.
The group consists  his camera-woman Mindy  Claire Fallon  an ambitious writer  journalist  and head of an acclaimed news blog called The Fact Zone.
Her cameraman Kevin.
The four tour the base and things go well.
Area 51 changes.
When one attempts to liberate both himself and those of his fellow species.
<EOS>
An anti-communist film.
A young village man foils the plot.
<EOS>
This is Kirk Cameron s partial description  I m retracing the footsteps of our Founders from England to America in the hope of discovering our true national treasure.
I want to listen  to learn from them.
We would lose our way.
I suspect Forefathers knew we were a forgetful people  that someday.
So they left us a map.
Would guide us back.
I ve already completed the first part.
I m happy to say  my hunch was right.
Best  it s not hidden away like something out of the Da Vinci Code.
It s been right all along.
I ca nt wait to show it in this film.
Cameron asserts.
Such a key is manifest to the Forefathers in Plymouth  Massachusetts  which is a large statue commemorating the Mayflower Pilgrims.
Co-writer Marshall Foster ascribes the contextual validity of Monumental s message  based on the statue s symbolism and engraved dedication.
The monument depicts Faith.
Faith is pointing and has an open Geneva Bible in the right hand and a star of wisdom.
<EOS>
Entertainer Lon Prentice initially is keen to enlist but is prevented due to have one flat foot.
Having the flat fixed  he is accepted.
Private Prentice informs his commanding officer.
After basic training begins.
He finds most military training useless  unnecessary and beneath him.
His commander orders all the men does nt want to do.
Private Prentice is exempt.
Turns the entire camp.
<EOS>
Jess is a sweet-natured but driven lawyer.
Who puts her career of her marriage to her artist husband  Ryan.
The couple is.
The thorn is Ryan s brother Roman.
They are happy.
Roman is the direct opposite.
Where Ryan comes across.
Roman is moody and violent  particularly.
Jess is terrified.
As she met Ryan when she represented him in court on an aggravated assault charge.
He packs his bags and leaves.
When Roman overhears Jess and Ryan discussing their plans to send him.
Jess calls Ryan  worried.
What the impulsive Roman will do.
Ryan quickly heads home.
They crash and are both seriously injured.
The brothers cross the Golden Gate Bridge.
Jess goes and learns.
Both Roman and Ryan are.
Casey arrives and shares a few words.
Who promises to keep her updated.
Later  Jess gets her mail and finds one.
Roman suddenly awakens -- but he immediately claims to be Ryan  begging Jess to believe.
He is her husband returned in his brother s body.
He implies.
Something supernatural happened when their bodies were revived side  but can not explain the phenomenon.
Jess is initially doubtful and hostile  believing.
He is disoriented.
She employs Casey s help.
However  he maintains.
He is Ryan  continually offering romantic gestures and recounting specific memories private.
Eventually    she believes.
A year passes.
He accurately recalls the story.
He is truly her husband.
They resume their romantic life.
Who still believes that he is actually Roman.
Jess is still hesitant to turn off the machines keeping Ryan s body alive.
They are both soon thrilled.
Jess is pregnant.
Casey goes missing.
Ryan merely says.
When the police question them.
She was troubled.
Jess notices a discrepancy.
Ryan gave her  but brushes it aside until she discovers the original necklace hidden in a picture frame.
She then discovers.
The box in which she kept all and photographs has been broken into.
She realizes.
Roman has lied to her  having previously studied the pictures and letters to learn the details of their marriage to impersonate his brother.
He quickly grows violent  saying.
When she confronts him.
He did it because he loved her and knew they were meant to be together  saying that she must have sensed that it was him all along.
It is revealed.
He murdered Casey.
Ryan   experiences a seizure.
Roman and Jess fight.
Jess finally manages to stab Roman.
He dies.
The doctors work.
Later   Jess learns.
Her baby sustained no injuries and that Ryan managed to pull through his episode.
She sits  promising to wait for him and start their life over.
He returns.
There is a 30 minute alternate ending.
Fundamentally reconstructs the narrative.
This ending is similar.
Jess and Roman/Ryan decide to turn off Ryan s machines.
He dies and is cremated.
Casey merely moves away.
Jess realizes.
Roman has lied by reading Ryan s love letters  but decides to feign ignorance and continue their life together  apparently appreciative of the fact that he so desperately wanted to change for her  echoing the theme of change is choice as stated in earlier scenes.
<EOS>
Simon Miller outwardly appears to be a geologist.
Who must frequently take business trips  which has strained the relationship  including his wife Meredith and teenage children Sarah and Kevin.
His family searches his office and discovers several passports  each.
When Simon suddenly goes missing.
They soon learn.
Simon was a spy who kept his true career secret from them.
Simon mysteriously calls home and warns his family not to tell anyone  then abruptly hangs up.
His family begins a search.
Takes them.
Sarah  an honor student  uses her foreign language skills to help.
Kevin uses his knowledge.
They receive assistance.
Who initially appears to be a friend.
<EOS>
A Swiss father  William Robinson  wishes to escape the influence of the superficial profligacy of London on his family.
His eldest son  Fritz  is obsessed.
Whom he considers his hero.
His middle son  Jack  is a foolish dandy.
Who cares only.
And his dreamy son Ernest is preoccupied.
William Robinson sells his business and house.
Order to move to Australia.
They set out.
The family is shipwrecked on a remote deserted island.
The captain and crew are washed overboard.
The family members collaborate to create a home in the alien jungle environment.
They gradually learn to use the unfamiliar plants and animals to create.
What they need to live and thrive.
They have many adventures and challenges and make many discoveries.
The mother  however  misses her elegant home and community  and wishes to somehow be rescued and return.
The father slowly convinces her.
Living is better for the family and that they are meant to be there.
<EOS>
Spaceship IC-1 travels toward a planet similar to Earth to explore the possibility.
The population problem can eventually be solved there.
IC-1 s crew consists.
Mead Ralston  his wife Jan  Drs.
Steven and Helen Thomas  two other married couples  and four people.
Helen is found to have an incurable pancreatic infection  but Ralston refuses to turn back.
She commits suicide.
When he denies her permission to have another child.
Steven and the other crew members mutiny and imprison Captain Ralston.
They are forced to succumb.
When he threatens to destroy the ship.
Ralston plans to execute Steven.
Ignoring the warnings  he releases one of the animates by raising the temperature of the compartment.
Which it is suspended.
The animate kills him.
The ship goes on.
<EOS>
The film charts the build up  and then documents each of the races and their results.
These take place through the Isle of Man  covering.
73 miles terrain  and packed with thousands of spectators.
Who have come.
Using 3D technology  Closer captures the drama and speed of the 2010 races to show and breathe road racing.
What motivates these adrenaline addicts  who live.
Guy Martin s appearance is notable.
John McGuinness appears  a racing legend and the most successful living rider  winning the TT fifteen times.
Conor Cummins is one  truly living the dream.
Ian Hutchinson is a relative newcomer.
Whose career has invited interest.
Hutchy won two TT s in one day and another important road race  the North West 200  in Northern Ireland as well as competing every week at the top of the British Superstock Championship.
The film reveals.
Riders have flocked to the Isle of Man in search of thrills  glory and triumph.
The narration tells.
How the TT has always called  and since the race began over 200 people have made the ultimate sacrifice in their quest for victory.
The second half introduces Bridget Dobbs  mother of two and widow of Paul Dobbs.
Who died.
Bridget understands and accepts.
Her husband   died doing the thing he loved the most in life.
The film shows.
Those that survive all want to go back and do it again.
<EOS>
A woman is forced to take care but uses the circumstances to emancipate herself and find the courage to sing once again.
Her father suffers a stroke.
<EOS>
The Octopus  a masked crime lord  is bent.
He starts and then moves onto industry.
He demands tribute and other captains of industry.
Richard Wentworth  an amateur criminologist  is secretly The Spider  a masked vigilante equally determined to wipe the Octopus and his gang.
Who is friendly.
Pleasant and smiling  Wentworth is often ruthless as the Spider  slinging two guns against the public enemies.
Who attack him.
Wentworth also masquerades.
Disguised  Wentworth can infiltrate gangland at the hired-gun level and keep current on the gang s plans.
The only people are his assistants Jackson and Ram Singh  his butler Jenkins  and his fiancee Nita.
Who know Wentworth s other identities.
The Octopus was a villain.
Who wrote most.
He is garbed and is only ever seen sitting in a chair.
The Spider is garbed in a lightweight full length costume with web-like markings on it.
Resemble Spiderman s costume.
The serial follows the standard formula being kidnapped at various times and having to be rescued.
Each chapter ends in deep trouble  often about to be killed.
The effect is spoiled.
Shows them.
The HQ is found by The Spider in the last episode.
He has unwittingly given himself away and realises  so of course he must die.
Only Wentworth could know.
The Spider uses his line a number.
Commissioner Kirk suspects.
Wentworth is The Spider.
The Octopus s gang wore robes too.
He ruthlessly executed all.
Who failed him and  used a false arm  so concealing a gun hidden by his robes  held by his real arm.
<EOS>
Los Angeles has become a dangerously volatile war zone.
The event is recorded wearing a ` SQUID   or Superconducting Quantum Interference Device.
A group rob a Chinese restaurant.
Which records events directly  and when played back through a MiniDisc-like device allow a user to experience the recorder s memory as if was his or her own.
Lenny Nero is a former LAPD officer turned black marketeer.
Who deals.
His main supplier  Tick  tries to sell the robbery clip.
Lenny initially refuses  due ending with the wearer s death  but eventually agrees to buy it at a reduced price  intending to edit it.
Meanwhile  a call girl named.
Iris is being chased as she flees to the subway  jumping aboard one of the trains.
One of the officers shatters a window and grabs Iris  her wig is pulled off.
She struggles  revealing a SQUID recorder headset inside.
He pines for his ex-girlfriend Faith  while relying on his two best friends  bodyguard Lornette Mace Mason and private investigator Max Peltier  for emotional support.
Lenny acts smooth.
Mace s relationship is strained  due to her unrequited feelings for him and her disapproval of his SQUID-dealing business.
Iris arrives  drops a disc and attempts to explain her predicament to him  but flees.
The three are drinking together.
When she sees police nearby.
Lenny s illegally-parked car is towed away.
Lenny can find the disc.
Hours later  Lenny receives.
A blackjack SQUID  and watches in horror as Iris gets brutally raped and strangled to death.
Disturbed  Lenny tries to get Faith away from her new boyfriend  music industry mogul Philo Gant  but to no avail.
Lenny later receives more snuff tapes.
He and Mace discover.
The deaths are tied by two renegade LAPD officers.
Lenny discovers.
They are hunted.
Iris witnessed the murders.
Lenny  Mace  and Max meet on New Year s Eve  only to discover.
Tick has been rendered brain-dead to highly amplified SQUID recordings.
Mace insists.
The truth go public.
Max insinuates.
If it did  the city would destroy itself.
Lenny concludes.
The assault was committed by the same person that killed Iris and fears Faith will be next.
Lenny and Mace confront Faith.
Faith mentions.
Philo has been monitoring his inner circle.
Concerned  Philo hired Iris to spy.
Jeriko might be looking.
Realizing  Lenny convinces Faith to escape.
Philo must have ordered the killer.
Philo s henchmen stop them.
Lenny and Mace sneak into a private New Year s party at the Bonaventure Hotel.
Philo is hosting.
Lenny gives the disk.
She can deliver it.
Lenny finds another SQUID disk.
Shows Faith apparently being raped and killed.
Refusing to watch anymore  Lenny finds a body covered and pulls the sheets aside to find Philo.
Whose brain has been overwhelmed as Tick s.
Lenny watches the remainder and discovers.
The killer is Max.
He only pretended to kill Faith.
It becomes apparent.
The two have become lovers.
Philo enters.
The room and Max forces him to run the amplified recording.
Max and Faith enter the room.
The clip ends.
Max disarms Lenny and shoots Philo  explaining.
He set Philo up because he wanted to have Faith killed  and that he now intends to frame Lenny for Philo s murder.
Faith has a change and attacks Max.
Max is about to shoot Lenny.
Lenny tries to throw Max off the balcony and Max grabs Lenny s necktie  leaving both of them dangling from the railing over the street below.
Lenny manages to pull Max s knife out and cut his tie off.
Max falls.
Mace is pursued by Steckler and Engelman.
She manages to subdue both  cuffing them to a scaffold  only for other nearby police officers to brutally beat her  triggering a riot in the crowd.
Commissioner Strickland appears and restores order  having watched the recording.
Orders the two officers arrested.
Engelman grabs a pistol and commits suicide.
They are read their rights.
Steckler is gunned down.
When he tries to shoot Mace.
Faith is arrested.
Lenny and Mace are being treated.
Lenny and Mace share a passionate kiss.
<EOS>
Dan Morgan witnesses the bloody massacre on the goldfields and turns into a robber.
He is arrested and sent for six years.
Where he is tormented and raped.
He is let out and becomes a bushranger  befriending an aboriginal  Billy.
Morgan fights and is eventually killed.
<EOS>
Dolores Claiborne  a strong-willed and sarcastic woman  works.
The film opens.
Which Vera falls down the stairs.
Dolores ransacks the kitchen and is then caught.
She stands with a rolling pin  apparently intending to kill Vera.
Vera dies.
The police begin an investigation  believing Dolores murdered Vera.
The police  however  do not charge Dolores.
Dolores  daughter  Selena St.
George  a successful but depressed and alcoholic journalist  arrives to support her mother.
Dolores insists.
She finds little sympathy  her husband  Joe St.
The entire town believes she murdered.
George almost 20 years earlier.
Some harass her by vandalising her home  taunting her in the street and driving by her house  screaming at her.
Detective John Mackey   is determined to put Dolores away.
Who was the chief detective.
Selena also believes.
Dolores killed her father  and so has not spoken in over a decade.
Selena did not witness Dolores killing her father.
It is revealed.
The film develops.
Joe was an abusive alcoholic  and that one night Dolores had threatened to kill him if he ever harmed her again.
The film s flashbacks also reveal.
Dolores started to suspect Joe.
Dolores went to work  she goes to the bank to withdraw her money.
Order to raise enough money to pay.
She and Selena can flee Joe s wrath.
The plan backfired  however.
When the bank notifies Dolores that Joe stole the money.
Back  Dolores says  something Mackey refuses to believe  he reveals.
Vera had thrown herself to put her out of her misery.
Vera has left her entire fortune.
Mackey informs them.
The will is eight years old  which nearly convinces Selena that her mother is guilty.
Selena storms out  leaving her mother to fend for herself.
Dolores finally decides  She did kill Joe.
It is time to reveal the truth.
It was actually Vera.
Who suggested the plan.
Dolores says.
She had been pushed upon realizing that Joe had been molesting Selena  which Selena furiously denies.
Vera engages in her regular ritual of berating Dolores.
Who breaks down crying and confesses her troubled home life.
An unusually sympathetic Vera implies.
She killed her late husband Jack  and engineered it to look.
Vera s confession forms a bond and allows Dolores to take control of her own situation and future.
Dolores and Selena have an argument about Dolores  suspicions regarding Joe s sexual abuse of Selena.
Selena flees home.
Joe soon returns.
Dolores has bought him a bottle of Scotch.
Dolores reveals.
Joe gets drunk.
She knows that Joe has stolen and molested his own daughter.
Dolores intentionally insults Joe and lures him  leaving him to die.
He plunges.
Selena hears the story.
Who had foreseen her departure.
Selena suddenly uncovers a repressed memory.
She rushes back.
Who is attending the coroner s inquest  in which Mackey makes a case she be sent to indict her for murder.
Selena tells the police.
They have no evidence and that  Vera and Dolores loved each other.
Knowing  Mackey reluctantly drops the case.
He has no admissible evidence.
The film ends making amends on the ferry wharf before Selena returns to New York.
<EOS>
Lee Yi Min stars.
Who wants to learn kung fu so that he can avenge his father s death.
The Ghost Faced Killer meanwhile is hunting down a number.
Who all conspired to have him killed.
The killer always throws down his ghost face killing plate  a decorated metal plate with a red face.
He then uses his distinctive five elements style.
Ah Pao attends a local kung fu school but is bullied.
However  the school s cook helps the boy and teaches him some moves.
These prove to be adequate but can not fulfill his deep desire for revenge.
He is expelled.
When Ah Pao is found.
Still wishing to learn kung fu  he turns Chi Sue Tin  recommended by the cook  for training.
The master is an old enemy.
Who reveals his former identity.
Who held sway with his fellow fighters.
He was forced to go.
Chi Sue agrees to teach Lee his chess boxing kung fu.
Ah Pao finally learns the strategic link.
He and Chi Sue Tin team up using double horse style  a reference.
They defeat the Ghost Faced Killer.
<EOS>
Nick Venizelos  a prosperous small-town barber  provides his customers.
He is so lucky.
One suggests he go to take on famous gambler named Hickory Short.
Not lacking  Nick puts up half of the $ 10000 stake himself.
The others raise the rest.
He leaves the shop and takes the train into the city.
He learns.
Where Hickory is holding his illegal  high stakes poker game.
Nick sits down  but loses all his money.
Later  however  he sees a newspaper article reporting.
The real Hickory Short has just been released far away in Florida.
The man was Hickory.
He thought.
Is actually conman Sleepy Sam.
Marie is his girlfriend and accomplice.
Sleepy Sam and the other fake poker players beat him up.
When Nick foolishly tries to get his money back.
He vows to get revenge.
He gets out.
Nick goes back and raises another stake.
Six months later  he tracks down Sleepy Sam and his gang.
He proposes a one-on-one game  each man putting up $ 50000 and playing.
One man has all the money.
Sam accepts.
Nick insists.
The con artists reach.
When Nick wins and tries to leave.
Jack and another man burst.
Nick then gloats  pointing out.
He simply cheated better by using shaved cards.
Nick becomes very successful.
He finally gets to play the real Hickory Short  a Walter Winchell column reports the rumor.
Nick beat Hickory.
Nick becomes the king  with Jack as his right hand man.
However  he still has a weakness.
They are stopped and asked to take a young woman.
They are driving.
Who has been fished half drowned out to the hospital.
Irene revives.
Nick insists she stay  over the very suspicious Jack s protests.
She is fully recovered.
Eventually  she is so touched  she confesses.
She is fleeing.
He is unconcerned.
Nick is so brazen.
Public outrage puts pressure.
He has Irene picked up.
Black threatens to prosecute her.
She cooperates.
She refuses.
Finally  he gets her to agree to put a racing form.
Will be enough to put Nick for a month.
Jack finds out.
Nick becomes furious and knocks him.
When he tries to warn his friend.
The police raid the illegal casino  and Black arrests Nick.
Then they discover.
Jack is dead.
Aghast  Irene begs Nick.
He generously gives.
He is sentenced.
He offers to bet.
He is boarding the train to go.
He will be out.
<EOS>
This film tells the story.
Who is left devastated.
She is left to look after and teaches in a school.
One is the daughter of the widower Ravi.
The children become instrumental.
Andaz was one for which the great music directors duo  Shankar - Jaikishan composed music together.
Jaikishan died September 1971 at the young age of.
One - Zindagi Ek Safar Hai Suhana turned out to be the last song.
Jaikishan recorded.
Andaz also proved to be the last hit.
The success is credited to the Rajesh Khanna Mania of the 70 s.
Rajesh Khanna only appeared in the movie  and still created a stir.
However  Shammi Kapoor s performance was well received.
It is considered to have been one.
He undertook.
<EOS>
Simon Kabilana is a powerful ruthless capitalist.
Who uses terror to keep his workers and yield high production quotas.
His son Malin is the complete opposite  coming back idolizing Marx and Lenin  causing them to clash.
Malin eventually gives up his fortunes and works toward a confrontation with his father.
<EOS>
A former getaway driver abandons his Witness Protection Program identity.
Order to help his girlfriend get.
His former crew  his girlfriend s ex and the inept United States Marshal assigned head off in pursuit.
<EOS>
The story revolves.
The film opens to rescue a kidnapped girl.
His partner is killed  the kidnapped girl stabs him before being killed herself.
He is betrayed.
Who kills Machete s wife and daughter.
Three years later  a down and out Machete roams Texas  scraping.
Michael Booth  a local businessman and spin doctor  explains to Machete.
The corrupt Texas State Senator McLaughlin is sending hundreds.
Booth offers Machete $ 150000 to kill McLaughlin.
Order to stop this.
Machete accepts the murder contract.
Booth threatens to kill him if he does not.
Machete trains a rifle from a rooftop during a rally.
He sees one.
He fires.
The henchman shoots Machete and then shoots McLaughlin in the leg.
It is revealed.
Booth orchestrated the attempted assassination to gain public support for McLaughlin s secure border campaign.
The conspirators make.
It appear that an outlaw illegal Mexican immigrant has tried to assassinate the senator  who is known.
An injured Machete escapes capture and is taken to a hospital to be treated for wounds  escaping once again from Booth s henchmen at the hospital.
Agent Sartana Rivera  a persistent U.
S.
Immigration and Customs Enforcement agent  is sent to find and capture the injured Machete.
Machete   aka She  the leader of an illegal immigrant aid movement known as the Network  recruits Padre  Machete s holy brother.
To take revenge  Machete kidnaps Booth s wife and his daughter  April  after starring in an amateur adult film with them.
He also collects evidence.
Sartana begins to develop an interest in him.
Elsewhere  Booth   hires a hitman  Osiris Amanpour  to assist.
Who is revealed to be working.
Booth and Osiris kill Padre  but do not find his wife and daughter.
Unbeknownst the church has hidden cameras.
The news of McLaughlin s corruption and faked assassination is eventually aired on national television.
Infuriated  McLaughlin kills Booth and heads back to join Torrez to kill Machete.
Machete gathers the Mexican Network and leads them.
Order to eliminate the people who double-crossed him.
The Mexican immigrants triumph over the border vigilantes.
Jackson tries to escape.
Luz shoots him.
Machete fights Torrez  culminating lord committing seppuku with one of Machete s blades.
Which he had just been stabbed.
April shows up wearing a nun s habit and shoots McLaughlin after figuring out.
He had killed her father.
McLaughlin  injured  manages to escape.
He is later killed.
Who mistake him.
The film ends with Sartana.
Who gives him a green card.
They kiss  and ride off.
The announcer says.
Machete will return.
<EOS>
It is the story.
Who is bored where his parents do nt have time to talk or play with him.
Outdoors  Benny catches a tadpole.
He takes home.
Benny discovers.
The tadpole is an enchanted prince  who dives to the bottom of the bathtub and into a magical ocean world.
Benny meets pirates  mermaids and an octopus and experiences the things.
He misses.
<EOS>
Set in early 16th century Japan  the young ninja Rantaro is born into a family of low-ranking ninjas.
Rantaro is sent to attend the six-year course at a Ninja Academy run by Denzo Yamada.
Rantaro s homeroom teacher is Hansuke Doi.
Head is Shina Yamamoto.
Who appears.
Rantaro is joined by his schoolmate Shinbei.
They later decided to stay.
One day  some Usetake ninjas arrive.
Order to kill both.
Yukitaka and Takamura used to belong.
Rantaro and his friends aim to save them.
Ends. 
<EOS>
The film follows Susan and Drake  a couple.
Who has agreed to act.
Susan and Drake are relentlessly tormented.
Who dwell.
Whom they hope may be able to put the house s spirits.
<EOS>
Jo Morris find comfort and company.
Her marriage turned unkindly and dull.
Her husband is killed in a struggle with her lover and the couple brought to justice.
Their lawyers try to turn them.
<EOS>
Set  Jos  family and friends gather together at a funeral parlour.
Where chaos ensues.
<EOS>
The plot involves Steve Chase  trying to stop the evil Marduk.
Steve is assisted.
Is Kandy Kane  a woman claiming to be the daughter of Dr Kane.
Who invented the potato-based mind-control serum that Marduk uses.
The movie is characterized.
S largely taken  although the martial arts scenes are considered by some to be surprisingly accurate ignoring the constant backflips Steve Chase uses to get anywhere.
<EOS>
Willful Winnie Slade purchases the home.
Billings  not knowing  given.
The scientist has been working to create a race of superbeings to help the war effort and intends to use prospective guests in his experiments -- unfortunately so.
His work has seemingly killed a number already.
Peter Lorre plays the town mayor/sheriff/hair tonic salesman Dr Lorentz.
Who becomes involved  while Larry Parks is Winnie s long-suffering love interest  Bill.
<EOS>
The pre-title scene shows Joshua  the main character.
Joshua is clearly refusing to cooperate.
Who seems to favor repressive.
The brief dialogue is mainly filled with rather cheesy joke exchanges about transsexual brothers.
The title screen is then shown.
A huge number of police officers  including SWAT teams and snipers  is deploying around Joshua s school.
Joshua has got a gun and has barricaded himself.
Most consist of flashbacks  depicting the events leading to the current situation.
Some include Joshua being beaten by the school gang and his own father  being hanged by his collar from the school gate  and having his face shoved down the toilet.
The flashbacks also show his brief relationship  a popular student  and Sabina  a beautiful but introverted girl.
Who sympathized.
The police attempts to negotiate  aided.
Joshua tells about his frustration to everyone listening  including the press.
Is broadcasting the crisis nationally.
Eventually he releases the female hostages.
Includes Cathy  but keeps the males which consist.
Announcing It s judgement time  he returns.
What they did.
He makes them shove their leader s head at gunpoint.
He hangs Jerry from the school roof.
Again  Mrs Miranda pleads Joshua to let the hostages go.
Joshua refuses  claiming.
They deserve to die.
However  the police have arrested the man.
Who sold Joshua his gun.
He told them.
Joshua only has one bullet.
Mrs Miranda uses this information to force Joshua.
He wo nt be able to shoot all three hostages.
However  that is not really his plan all along.
He points the gun and kills himself.
A squad move up to the roof to apprehend him.
<EOS>
Geologists Philip and Betsy Ames are killed  leaving their young daughter Janet an orphan.
Investigating rumors.
Janet is adopted.
She is viewed as a child of the gods and renamed Sheena  Queen of the Jungle.
Sheena learns much about the lore of the jungle and the ways of all its creatures.
She grows up.
She is even entrusted with the animals.
Outsiders rarely disturb their territory.
That part is under the special protection of King Jabalani.
But trouble is brewing  the King s ex-football champion younger brother.
Prince Otwani is conspiring to have Jabalani assassinated so that they can exploit the titanium-rich Zambouli land.
Experiencing a vision foretelling the death  the Shaman hastens to Tigora s capital of Azan to try to warn him  but is arrested by corrupt police officers working for Zanda.
Otwani s old friend  reporter Vic Casey  and his cameraman Fletch Agronsky are to do a story on the former football player.
The Shaman is framed  Vic and Fletch realize.
They are than they had anticipated.
Heading to interview the Shaman  they bear witness to her rescue by Sheena and her animal friends  Chango  an elephant  Marika  a zebra  and Tiki  a chimpanzee.
Vic and Fletch follow.
They escape back after destroying the prison.
Otwani obtains the services and his small army of soldier mercenaries  the Black Berets.
Their mission is to eradicate the Zambouli people.
Their territory will be open.
Vic must join forces to stop the evil Prince and his army.
Vic and Sheena fall in love.
<EOS>
Loosely based concerns Rene Gallimard  a French diplomat assigned to Beijing  China in the.
He becomes infatuated.
Who spies for the Government of the People s Republic of China.
Their affair lasts  with Gallimard all the while apparently unaware of the fact.
All roles are performed by men.
Eventually  Gallimard betrays his country and is tried.
Forces him to face the truth.
Faced  he himself takes on the role of Butterfly  the woman.
His lover is actually male.
Who died.
<EOS>
Julien Quentin  a student at a Carmelite boarding school in occupied France  is returning to school from vacation.
He acts tough.
He is actually a pampered mother s boy.
Who still wets his bed.
Saddened to be returning  Julien s classes seem uneventful.
Pere Jean  the headmaster  introduces three new pupils.
One  Jean Bonnet  is the same age as Julien.
Julien at first despises Bonnet  a socially awkward boy with a talent for arithmetic and playing the piano.
One night  Julien wakes up and discovers.
Bonnet is wearing a kippah and is praying.
Julien learns the truth.
His new friend s name is not Bonnet  but Jean Kippelstein.
Pere Jean  a compassionate  sacrificing priest  had agreed to grant a secret asylum to hunted Jews.
However  Julien and Jean bond and a close friendship develops between them.
Julien asks his mother.
When Julien s mother visits.
Bonnet  whose parents could not come  could accompany them at a gourmet restaurant.
The talk turns.
They sit.
Madame Quentin responds  No one is anymore.
When Julien s brother asks if he is still.
However  the Milice arrive and attempt to expel a Jewish diner.
Collabos  the Milice commander is enraged and tells Madam Quentin  We serve France  madam.
When Julien s brother calls them.
He insulted us.
However   the Milice officers grudgingly obey.
When a Wehrmacht officer coldly orders them to leave.
Julien s mother comments.
The Jewish diner appears to be a very distinguished gentleman.
She insists.
She has nothing  but would not object if the socialist politician Leon Blum were hanged.
Shortly thereafter  Joseph  the school s assistant cook  is exposed.
He implicates several students.
He fires Joseph but does not expel the students.
Pere Jean is visibly distressed.
The Gestapo raid the school.
Julien unintentionally gives away Bonnet.
His classroom is being searched.
Julien encounters the person.
The other two Jewish boys are hunted down.
Who denounced them  Joseph the kitchen hand.
Trying to justify his betrayal  Joseph tells him  Do nt act so pious.
There s a war on  kid.
A Gestapo officer denounces the illegal nature.
The students are lined up.
He further accuses all French people.
Meanwhile  Pere Jean and the three Jewish students are led away.
Heartbroken  the children call out  Au revoir  mon pere.
The children  he states  died.
Pere Jean was imprisoned at Mauthausen-Gusen concentration camp.
Where he died shortly.
<EOS>
The film tells the story  father and son known as the clowns Pangare and Puro Sangue.
They make their living traveling the country  without a fixed address  no neighbors  and no documentations.
The drama begins.
When Pangare  tired  feels that is no longer a funny clown  awakening a lifelong dream of having a place to live and a social security number  residence proof and an identity.
<EOS>
A family and close friends day-dream of life and love.
We become embroiled in their world  discovering the ties.
Bind the various characters  crafted.
The film revolves around conscientious Francis  his recently freed ex-con son Samir  neighbour Maria and her imaginative son Jose.
Who deals by escaping into a Wild West fantasy world where his father is cowboy hero Gary Cooper.
<EOS>
The film is.
Who meets a woman named Christiane.
Dustin is.
Dustin embarks to find her.
When Christiane dumps him and disappears as quickly as she dropped in.
<EOS>
Rick Latimer is a high-school teacher.
Spotting his ex-wife  Rick gets into a fight with the man.
She s  culminating in his beating the hapless man s car with a baseball bat.
The board finds.
Rick s behavior is reflecting poorly.
They unanimously decide to transfer him  in another district  Brandel High  a crime-ridden and gang-dominated institution.
Where he is made the new principal.
Believing  Rick attempts to have an assembly to declare his intentions  No more.
He can repair his image.
No more drugs  running or being late to class.
Victor Duncan  the leader  walks in  derides Rick in front of everyone  then walks out.
He s giving his speech.
Eventually results.
Eventually  Rick manages to enforce his policy.
Some become increasingly disruptive  including White Zac.
The students are now forced to go.
Who eventually attempts.
Orozco.
Whom Rick is beginning to form a close friendship.
Victor  meanwhile  continues to assert his influence.
When the member warms and actually starts learning.
The clash eventually leads to a showdown in the school halls.
Where Jake is temporarily locked while Victor and his gang hunt Rick down.
Victor and Rick fight each other with their fists  with Victor seemingly having the upper hand.
Rick overpowers him.
Rick beats Victor  much.
Who witness the beating.
Several students cheer Rick  much to the chagrin of Victor s gang members.
Rick again declares  No more.
A small fight breaks out.
<EOS>
Arjun Poojari lives.
The entire village is ruled.
The Villagers are grateful.
He has done.
One day Arjun finds out  So he beats Vikram and takes him.
Jagawar s younger brother Vikram  had attempted to molest his sister.
Jagawar slaps him and asks him to seek forgiveness from Arjun and his sister.
But the same night  Arjun is summoned and in his presence  Arjun s sister is sexually assaulted and raped by all Choudhry brothers  including Yogeshwar  Virendra  and Vishal.
Arjun revolts and turns a dreaded Dacoit.
His only mission is to kill all the Choudhry brothers.
Now Vishal Choudhry becomes a Police Inspector and is transferred  but is not able to stop Arjun killing Vikram.
Arjun also kills Vishal.
The brothers were.
Thus the brothers seek police protection and hires a hit-man named Devaa - a dangerous man.
Who would never fail.
This time he has his guns aimed  But Is Devaa capable of stopping Arjun.
<EOS>
The documentary is primarily a look.
Had been released that year.
However it includes considerable material and behind-the-scenes footage and an extensive interview with Star Wars creator George Lucas  his original plans  and the process of creating the saga.
Who discusses his influences.
It also includes the original deleted scene.
Who was then played.
<EOS>
Bush endures an alcohol-fueled initiation as a Delta Kappa Epsilon pledge.
Bush successfully recalls the names and nicknames of many of the fraternity members  and states.
His family s political legacy is one in which he has no interest.
A little later.
Bush is jailed.
W.
Bush  states  but.
He will help Bush.
Bush takes a job at an oil patch back in his home state of Texas.
He quits.
Junior reveals his real aspirations in a father-son talk  working in professional baseball  in some capacity.
Soon afterwards  Bush is accepted.
Bush crashes his car into his family estate and challenges his father to a fistfight.
His brother  Jeb intervenes and stops the fight.
Bush announces.
He will run in Texas.
Bush meets his future wife  Laura Lane Welch.
Bush is criticized by his Democratic opponent  Kent Hance  and has spent campaign contributions to throw an alcohol-fueled party for underage Texas Tech University students.
Who says that Bush is not a real Texan.
Bush does poorly and loses the election  but with the highest number of votes for a Republican candidate in the state s history.
Angered  Bush declares.
He will never be out-Texas d or out-Christianed again.
Bush becomes a born-again Christian  gives up alcohol  and somewhat mends his relationship with his father.
The elder Bush invites him to assist.
What becomes his successful 1988 presidential campaign  although Bush himself suspects that he only was asked because Jeb was busy.
Bush s political advisor  Karl Rove  tells him.
He has the potential to make a name  but has not yet done anything with his life.
Bush becomes a front office executive.
His father oversees the victory.
The elder Bush decides not to invade Iraq to depose Saddam Hussein.
Allied forces win the war.
Bush blames the loss not to depose Saddam.
His father loses the 1992 presidential election.
Bush decides to run for Governor of Texas despite his father s opposition.
He makes a successful bid to become President.
Bush labels three of America s enemies - specifically Iran  Iraq  and North Korea -- as the axis of evil.
Bush begins searching for evidence  and has the army prepared.
Saddam was creating nuclear weapons.
All supports him except Secretary of State Colin Powell.
Who states that planning to invade Iraq would destabilize the country.
Powell is generally is overruled.
Who insist that the war - deliberately waged -- would secure the United States  status as sole global superpower while spreading democracy throughout the Middle East.
Bush states that  Either you re with us.
You re.
S.
Invades Iraq and at first  the war appears to be a success.
Bush gives his infamous Mission Accomplished speech.
Bush learns.
When it becomes clear that there are no weapons.
The responsibility had been relegated far down the chain of command.
Bush also discovers.
Saddam gambled his regime and his life that Bush was bluffing.
Bush is asked.
What mistakes he made.
That night  Bush has a nightmare.
Which his father accuses him.
Bush dreams of playing center field at a baseball game.
Bush attempts to catch a pop fly.
It quickly disappears.
<EOS>
Sally Maitland boards a ship bound for Canada during wartime.
Two seek her acquaintance  despite her well-known longtime admiration for Nazi Germany  Jim Garrick and Polish officer Jan Orlock.
It soon becomes common knowledge.
Jim is.
Sally rebuffs his advances  but welcomes Jan s attention.
The ship is stopped by a.
A boarding party takes Jim prisoner.
The submarine allows him to continue on his way.
It also turns out.
The Germans have captured an imposter when Jim emerges.
Jan introduces Sally.
When they reach the port.
The two women disagree.
Later   Jan reveals.
When Sally tries to break off their relationship.
He is working.
Orlock recruits her.
Turns out to be Madame Orlock.
Who is not actually Jan s mother.
She reveals.
A ship has been secretly replaced by another filled with explosives.
The resulting explosion will wreck the vital port  inspired.
When the convoy reaches Halifax.
Madame Orlock orders Sally to telephone Jim and tell him.
A sabotage attempt will be made  and that all available agents should be immediately sent to stop it.
Sally shows her true colours.
When she divulges the actual plot.
Canadian bombers are dispatched to blow up the ship.
Meanwhile  Jan shoots Sally can rescue her  fortunately the bullet is stopped by a cigarette case given to her earlier by Jan.
She and Jim get married.
<EOS>
This cartoon is fairly simple.
Jerry pulls to stop them by staying awake.
Tom is having his beauty sleep.
159 AM  Jerry sleepwalks out and pulls Tom s whiskers such.
They align themselves.
Tom wakes up and pushes his whiskers back to even lengths.
He spots Jerry and holds him down and crouches angrily in front of the mouse.
Jerry punches his jaw.
His lips cover Tom s face.
Jerry laughs and walks away.
Tom snaps his fingers and wakes Jerry up.
Jerry turns around slowly.
Tom flips his head.
It twists incessantly.
Tom then hits him.
Jerry recovers and cluelessly shrugs.
225 AM  Jerry walks out and pulls Tom s tail.
That it transforms.
Tom wakes up  folds his tail back up  and starts to chase.
His tail unfolds back.
Jerry laughs and is woken up a second time.
Tom angrily picks him up and ties him up.
Tom unwinds the string.
Jerry is thrown  bouncing off legs of chairs and walls in a way similar to his previous humiliation  and then falls into his hole  completely exhausted.
307 AM  Jerry walks out.
Order to start stabbing the cat  but sneezes and wakes up.
Jerry gasps and guiltily returns the knife.
326 AM   Jerry gulps 11 or more cups of coffee in an attempt to stay awake.
Jerry sits.
He shakes them off twice.
Jerry tries to open his eyelids.
They close all.
He shakes this off  then dozes off and gets back up again  but his features droop a third time.
He can not keep.
Jerry then walks out and throws a brick  but sneezes and wakes up a second time.
Jerry gasps and opens the cat s eyes.
Tom sees the brick coming straight  opens his mouth in panic  and thus swallows the red brick.
Jerry waves throws him back into his hole and boards it up.
340 AM  Jerry pushes all 4 nails covering his hole and opens it up.
He is carrying a ball.
Jerry ties one end  spreads the yarn around the entire house and outside as well.
Then  he ties the other end and pushes it down the chimney.
Tom is woken up and is pulled around the house  squeezed through the tiniest gaps  and pulled up to the chimney before hitting his head on the anvil at the bottom of the chimney.
The camera flips over.
Tom cries and packs up.
He leaves.
Where he is sweating.
Jerry follows.
He is still sleepwalking.
<EOS>
The film opens.
N.
C.
L.
E.
Agents Napoleon Solo and Illya Kuryakin being attacked while on their way to see Dr Simon True.
The attackers are and   are the titular Karate Killers.
They fail to stop the agents.
Dr True has discovered a process to extract gold.
Fearing theft he hid the formula  and says.
Someone would have to hunt down the four winds to find it.
But.
N.
C.
L.
E.
He dies.
His dying words are.
His daughter is the key.
N.
C.
L.
E.
Alexander Waverly later informs Solo and Kuryakin.
Dr True has four step-daughters and one biological daughter.
The consensus is.
Dr True sent each that  when assembled  will mean something to Sandy and from which the formula can be discovered.
So the two agents begin the search to keep THRUSH from getting an unlimited supply of gold.
Dr True s widow was having an affair.
He was only using her to get closer.
Her killed by the Karate Killers.
Finding both her body and Dr True s biological daughter Sandy at the start of their investigation  the agents recruit Sandy to come with them.
They find her.
First  they visit Rome.
Who has married Count Valeriano De Fanzini.
The Count is keeping Margo naked and captive.
He had married her.
She had none.
Solo and Kuryakin rescue Margo  fight and are saved by Sandy s quick thinking.
Who have followed them.
The Count and Margo make up and give the U.
N.
C.
L.
E.
Team the only thing.
Dr True has sent Margo  a photograph of himself with an obvious formula in the picture.
Analysis.
N.
C.
L.
E.
Shows the formula to be nonsense.
So the agents conclude.
It is.
They next head to search for Sandy s step-sister Imogen.
They find Imogen arrested.
Solo posts bail.
They can talk.
They all go  fight with Randolph and the Karate Killers - - and are saved by constables.
Who have now followed them.
Who arrive.
Sandy discovers a similar photo in Imogen s dressing room  but with a different formula in the background.
The agents leave.
Imogen and the original constable are flirting.
Armed  the team heads to the Swiss Alps.
Where step-sister Yvonne lives but is behind in her bill.
Randolph  having gotten there.
N.
C.
L.
E.
Pays her debt and requests.
She give him the photo.
Solo and Kuryakin have a fight.
Sandy saves the day be discovering the photograph.
Anyone else can.
Yvonne and her wealthy boyfriend Carl thereafter resolve an argument and make up.
Intercepts the team.
When they are leaving the Alps.
N.
C.
L.
E.
Private jet  takes the three photos  and parachutes out leaving the rest to die.
Sandy is able to escape her bonds  frees the two agents.
The plane is landed safely.
They avoid another trip.
The fourth photo has been published in a magazine.
Having copies.
N.
C.
L.
E.
Determines that scientifically.
They are still nonsense.
However  spell Japanese Lullaby.
When the letters are extracted and rearranged they.
Sandy has no clue.
What this means.
They take her anyway.
Randolph  having determined the same thing  follows.
The U.
N.
C.
L.
E.
Team is assaulted several times by the Karate Killers  Sandy is kidnapped and rescued by geishas.
She finally remembers a Japanese man.
Who sang her lullabies on a business trip.
U.
N.
C.
L.
E.
Resources find the man.
Who gives Sandy the formula that her father sent him.
Who have followed them again.
Randolph then takes the three to the THRUSH central facility at the pole.
Serves. 
They get there the facility has been reconfigured to use Dr True s process and manufacture gold from sea water.
Randolph wants to keep them alive long enough to see THRUSH s success.
Solo and Kuryakin escape  sabotage the plant  and destroy the gold-making machinery.
Randolph is killed and covered in a film of gold dust.
Solo  Kuryakin  Sandy  one  and Mr Waverly all then travel to London to see the double wedding of Imogen and the constable  and Yvonne and Carl.
The Count and Contessa are also.
It becomes clear that  absent a father  the girls  U.
N.
C.
L.
E.
Has paid.
<EOS>
Kim  an orphan boy  works at times for his friend Mahbub Ali  a roguish horse trader.
Who is also a secret agent.
Mahbub Ali becomes aware to instigate a rebellion.
Meanwhile  Kim encounters an elderly Buddhist lama.
Who is.
Mahbub Ali has the young boy become the kindly priest s chela or disciple  Mahbub Ali s superior.
That he can deliver a message.
The two travelers grow to love each other.
One day  British soldiers set up camp.
Kim notices  so he sneaks and is accosted by a sentry.
Their regimental flag depicts a red bull.
His captors discover documents.
Kim possesses which show that he is actually the son.
The lama decides and pays at the finest school in India.
Kim should go to be educated.
The boy chafes  but eventually settles down.
Mahbub Ali convinces Colonel Creighton    Kim receives extra training from Lurgan during the first part of his summer vacation.
The boy has the potential to become a wonderful spy.
Later  Kim saves the life.
He is then reunited and sent to help Hurree Chunder keep an eye on two Russian spies posing as surveyors.
Kim continues the mission.
When he finds Chunder murdered.
He is eventually unmasked.
The lama is beaten up.
Mahbub Ali is sent to take his place  he rescues Kim and takes charge  but is forced to kill the Russians.
When news reaches the British.
The injured lama finds his river  stumbles to it  and dies contentedly.
<EOS>
The film tells the story  and their personal journeys toward forgiveness.
Who come.
Featuring in-depth interviews  As We Forgive provides an intimate  first-hand view of the encounters between genocide perpetrators and their victims  families.
<EOS>
Marge Winton is fed up.
She is surprised to discover.
When she goes.
She is too beautiful.
So she gives herself a makeover  hiding her blond curls  putting on glasses  and wearing a drab  unflattering dress.
The disguise works.
Book publisher Abigail Belldon hires her.
Freddy would rather go out and party Camille Lansing.
Start. 
Abigail has already sold the film rights.
The deadline is fast approaching.
She figures.
A plain secretary will be one less distraction.
Freddy gives in and accepts her.
However  Camille keeps taking up too much.
Marge begins to fall as well.
Thus  Marge has plenty to try to sabotage their relationship.
She quits.
When this is discovered.
A complication arises.
When Freddy decides to rehire her.
He shows up and sees her without her disguise  so she has to pretend to be her roommate Sadie.
They spend the entire evening and part.
However  Marge pretends to go out of town for a couple of weeks.
The plan backfires.
Freddie goes after her.
Camille finds out and follows as well.
Marge has no choice.
To show up  then as Sadie  juggling her two personas to keep Freddie in the dark.
She finally gets an outline.
She uses to finish the novel.
She had no opportunity to give it  Freddie finally realizes.
They are one and the same.
He decides to marry her anyway.
<EOS>
The episode starts.
The narrator presents the audience The House  completely re-fabricated and ready to set up.
The narrator.
Whose voice is provided.
Presents the doors  one for Fido  Junior  the Mother  the Father  and the.
The narrator talks about the thick carpeting.
The butler gets.
He sinks deeply.
The narrator then presents.
To get moisture.
Just pressing a button reveals a rain cloud.
Floats. 
Next is the trophy room.
Where it contains many rare exhibits.
The trophy shows  a ram was killed April 20  1933  a tiger was killed September 3 .
It was killed June 8 .
A champagne bottle was killed New Year s Eve.
Next is.
Whose house has that too-rich appearance.
Those mean tax assessors knocks.
The house will look poor.
Next  the narrator presents a machine.
Helps parents answer Junior s many questions.
The machine will say Ah  shut up.
Next  the narrator presents an automatic sandwich-maker  as if dealing cards.
Cuts salami and loaf and throws each sandwich to the dishes.
The narrator then presents a.
Helps people turn rich golden brown.
The narrator presents a new proposed guest chair  and the.
Adjust itself.
Next  the narrator presents a three screened television set.
The narrator presents medicine cabinets.
The narrator presents an auto-electric shaver.
Literally takes everything  mouth  nose  and hair.
The narrator then presents a new toaster.
Lets people pop up.
The narrator shows an auto-matic.
Removes all the seeds.
The narrator presents a frying pan.
Contains a small mallet to prevent the frying bacon.
The narrator presents a modern stove.
Has a clear view door to let people look in.
A live roasted chicken screams and uses the blinds to cover itself.
The narrator then presents a device.
Helps remove the burps.
The narrator presents a pressure cooker.
Lets people simply put.
It explodes  sending the food high up in the air  along with the now soot-covered wife.
The cooker is turned on.
The narrator presents a refrigerator.
Helps clear.
It has a small window.
Shows a little creature turning off the refrigerator light when it s closed.
The narrator then finishes the tour.
Suddenly  a title card pops out   ATTENTION   Due to numerous requests of the tired business-men in the audience  we are going to show you the girl again.
The Management The short ends.
<EOS>
The gang meets up.
Who enlists them to help him.
They manage to make a complete wreck.
Jack and Joe s bugs get loose  putting the audience into an itching frenzy.
<EOS>
Pixxi De La Chasse is a spoiled  self-centered celebutante heiress.
Her parents disinherit her.
Tell her she must find a real job.
Order to regain her part.
A member suggests she get a job as a repossessor  a booming industry among widespread credit collapse.
When her car is repossessed.
She is immediately successful.
The veterans are threatened.
Gainfully employed  she tries to reconcile  only to find.
They have given her part to charity.
She asks co-worker Lola to hack their credit and leave her family destitute and homeless.
Pixxi notices a wanted poster promising a $ 1000000 reward.
She finds the train.
It is departing.
Pixxi talks her way.
The hosts  intrigued  oblige.
The hosts reveal themselves to be.
The caboose contains six nuclear bombs left over from the Cold War.
All members become vegan.
Pixxi   manages to escape for long enough to place calls to her co-workers and members of the military.
She is asked to put the train  but can not from within the train.
She calls her co-worker Arizona Gray and asks him to reach the switch.
He arrives just  but collapses before throwing the lever.
Pixxi s call is picked up by Rogers  her father s manservant.
Rogers  now homeless  insists.
Pixxi must agree to reconcile before throwing the switch.
He does.
The train is redirected.
Where Predator drones are deployed to take the train out.
The drones crash enters the tunnel   allowing her to free the other hostages and bring the train to safety.
Pixxi dupes her captor.
<EOS>
Surya is Vinayaka Naickar s stepbrother.
Vinayakan is very rich  Surya is struggling to make a living.
Vinayakan sends some amount every month.
That s.
He survives.
Manu is Surya s friend.
Who dreams.
One day Manu meets star Mammootty and tells him.
He has a story which he plans to make.
Mammootty listens and tells Manu to call him.
The script is ready.
He plans to make the movie soon and looks.
Manu got the dates like Mammootty.
Manu introduces Surya and lends money from a lender called Bhasi at a very high rate of interest.
The production assistant runs away.
Surya has to repay that money.
He has nothing.
So he lies.
He needs cash.
Vinayaka says but will send the money.
He is busy to come.
Surya s even introduces his girlfriend Neethu to Vinayaka s advocate Uthaman.
Vinayakan comes to meet the couple.
When Neethu is.
Surya   asks Diya to act as Neethu.
Neethu comes back.
Things were going smooth.
Further confusions arise.
Now Neethu has to act.
They appoints.
A servant called Thamara.
Surya has to introduce her to Vinayakan.
She creates all sort.
Surya and Manu has to tell all sorts to hide the truth.
The truth finally surfaces.
It turns out.
Vinayakan was aware.
Thamara was his wife.
Who he sent to get the facts.
Finally Manu makes Surya s story and makes a movie.
Which Mammootty plays the real-life character.
The movie ends.
When Vinayakan congratulates Mammootty after the final scene in the movie.
<EOS>
Dallas is not a very discriminating vampire.
Years ago   he turned him into a vampire  without permission from The Count.
It s later revealed.
He turned young and waifish Nico  who has since been.
Dallas.
Ca nt resist returning.
A.
To pay a visit -- beautiful Ulrike  urbane Vincent  artist Richard and Richard s ever-pregnant wife Panthia.
To celebrate Dallas  return  the five decide to spend the night clubbing in one of The Count s many vampire bars.
Unfortunately  The Count is also there.
He gives him three days or.
When he sees Dallas is back.
To leave.
Else. 
Dr Van Helsing  leader  also has his eye on the band of merrymaking vampires.
It s an infestation.
He concludes  and realizes that he ca nt handle the extermination alone.
So  he puts an ad.
Who s not afraid to get his hands dirty.
Is Crips member Time Bomb.
What he gets.
Who does nt believe but is willing to put a stake through anyone s heart for cold hard cash.
The pair succeed.
Van Helsing tells Time Bomb.
20 years ago his son Hans became good friends.
He eventually discovered by finding out his wife.
Was secretly visiting Hans late night.
He then killed Hans through the heart  and mentions.
His wife committed suicide out of grief.
Van Helsing makes it abundantly clear.
He will destroy Dallas.
Dallas is feeling protective  so he drives around Hollywood Boulevard that night.
He spots her.
Dallas reveals.
Who he is and explains that the vampire community is out to get her.
They re afraid and then the whole world will know.
Nico will get herself arrested.
Vampires exist.
Dallas forces her to move.
Which she sleeps.
Who clean her up and take her shopping.
Panthia develops a mother-like complex and starts treating her like a daughter.
Nico makes a human friend named Rachel.
When they pick another victim.
But   they find Ulrike sitting  crying.
When they return.
She has discovered Vincent s decaptiated body.
Knowing  Dallas theorizes.
This was Van Helsing s handywork.
He s closing in.
Dallas then decides to take Nico to see her mother s house.
Nico does nt remember much during her human life.
This turns out to be a bad idea.
Nico has him kill her verbally.
Sexually abusive stepfather shit.
He did when she was little.
Nico exchanges heated words.
Who she claims.
They are attacked.
They leave the trailer park.
Dallas and Nico manage to shoot three and set fire to the fourth.
Dallas then tells his side to Nico - Originally Dallas was ordered to kill Van Hellsing.
He ended up befriending Hans and decided not to.
He hoped.
His father s attitude would change.
It did nt.
Van Helsing became vengeful and killed Hans.
The Count then banished Dallas for not carrying out his order to kill him.
The next night   Nico gets a call and Invites Nico out to a small party with some delinquent teenagers.
Richard  Panthia  and Ulrike are sitting around the living room and listening.
Nico is eager to go.
Meanwhile  Dallas pays a visit and begs to be allowed to train Nico.
The Count will have none and advises Dallas to deliver Nico to him or he and everyone he cares.
Will die screaming.
Having come  Van Helsing and Time Bomb bring in three more Crips members - Soda Pop  Lil Monster  and Trigger.
Even two vampire hunters will not be enough.
Van Helsing and his four employees storm the house and drive stakes.
Nico and Dallas are out.
They tie Ulrike.
She taunts the Crips.
Van Helsing finally stakes her  too.
Little do.
They know that to have sex turns a person into a vampire.
Suddenly  Nico walks  horrified at the carnage.
She attacks Trigger.
Who pulls a gun and tries to get off a shot.
The bullet hits Rachel instead.
Nico grabs the gun and shoots Trigger.
Time Bomb subdues Nico.
As Dallas returns home and comes face to face.
Dallas offers to lead Van Helsing to The Count.
So  Van Helsing  Time Bomb  Trigger  Lil Monster  Soda Pop  Nico  Rachel and Dallas pile.
Unfortunately  The Count s henchmen intercept them and take Nico and Van Helsing.
Where he hooks up Nico and places Van Helsing in a box with only his head sticking out.
Dallas drives the van.
As The Count is about to crack open Van Helsing s skull.
Dallas and the Crips  now vampires  come out shooting.
Many bullets and stakes later  The Count and his henchmen are destroyed  Nico is set free  Rachel has been made.
Nico  Rachel  and Dallas have decided to move.
A pajama-clad Van Helsing runs down an alley  screaming for forgiveness from his son.
He screams  revealing his new vampire fangs in front of two policemen.
He utters apologies.
<EOS>
The Pink Panther begins to get irate.
When his neighbor  Harry borrows his hedge clippers and lawn mower.
An off screen narrator then badgers the panther.
Also. 
Eventually  a full-scale turf battle ensues  then revealing.
The off screen narrator is the Devil.
<EOS>
Doraemon and friends travels.
Where humans and robots are living together.
However they soon find out.
The Empress was trying to capture robots there and turn them emotionless.
Our heroes sets out to stop the Empress and her plan.
The situation goes tense.
<EOS>
A prisoner named Dante and his inmate escape from a punishment camp in southern Spain.
Prison Warden Kufard   lets a Rottweiler loose.
Who never had a prisoner escape.
Who has been beaten and is out for a gruesome revenge.
It becomes an indestructible cyborg.
It tackles Dante in its robtic skeletal form.
They disappear.
The Warden catches up and brutally beats him  kicking him to lay in the sand.
The Warden initially says.
It is nt over  setting up.
The camera pans.
Whose eye slowly shuts down.
<EOS>
The Kid tells the story of a troubled teenaged fan being helped by his favorite baseball team - the Cleveland Indians.
The Indians had just won the 1948 World Series.
Many made appearances along with owner Bill Veeck  co-owner and former Major League Baseball star Hank Greenberg  and then current coach and Baseball Hall-of-Famer Tris Speaker.
Also featured were current and former ballparks  Cleveland Municipal Stadium and League Park.
The team s then.
Several Cleveland Indians and Boston Braves players also appear from the 1948 World Series.
<EOS>
The French war cameraman and First Indochina War veteran Schoendoerffer  already famous The 317th Platoon  returns to Vietnam.
S.
1st Air Cavalry Division is sent.
The following year joins it and follows a 33-man platoon of GIs led by Black West Pointer Lieutenant Joseph B.
Anderson.
<EOS>
Amarvedu dynasty was attacked at the time of Bobbili war in South India.
A couple hides the treasure in a cave of five doors  very far away.
The Britishers are about to attack the dynasty.
They lock.
The treasure separate  so as to make the key unavailable to the Britishers.
Pagadala Subbayya escapes to the court of Kurnool.
Krishna Prasad   finds a highway robber Nakkajittula Naaganna captured.
Who fights with rich  against the new government.
The government announces.
One who captures Nakkajittula Naaganna  will be awarded.
Krishna Prasad secures him with ropes and submits him at the court.
Nakkajittula Naaganna is made to sit.
He is tied.
Krishna Prasad  hiding little far away  shoots the ropes of the gibbet  making Nakkajittula Naaganna to escape along with him.
They share the loot later.
Krishna helps the poor.
One blind man  a past servant.
Who knows where the keys are.
Sathyam -LRB- Kaikala Satyanarayana  with his men goes to torture Daanaala Dharmayya  but kills him in haste.
Radha   finds her father Daanaala Dharmayya at the state of dying.
Daanaala Dharmayya   is about tell some thing  utters his friend s name Pagadaala Subbayya and dies.
Who is unaware.
Radha thinks.
Her father was killed.
Reveals the place of treasure to his son.
Dying. 
He also reveals.
He had given the keys  a retired constable in Kurnool.
Krishna Prasad  staying away  keeps on earning money by submitting Nakkajittula Naaganna to the court  and then releasing him by tricks for sharing the loot.
One day Bijili  a nasty cowgirl meets Krishna and likes him.
Radha  Krishna Prasad saves her and promises to make her to take revenge.
When being chased.
He falls with her and trains her in gun shooting  making her a tomboy.
Radha swears to take revenge.
Who killed her father.
Once again he saves Radha  and knows.
Attack was happened to know a clue.
Bijili loves Krishna Prasad and tries to get rid rid.
One day  Nakkajittuala Naaganna tries to steal Krishna Prasad s loot.
Krishna Prasad secures the hands of Nakkajittuala Naaganna and leaves him alone in the desert.
He comes out  with grudge on Krishna Prasad and joins Bijili.
Nakkajittuala Naaganna and Bijili captures him alive  tortures him.
When Krishna Prasad is about to save an innocent guy hanging to earn wealth.
Nakkajittuala Naaganna and Biliji sees a cart of corpses pulled by a camel.
When Krishna Prasad is about to die.
A son of Pagadala Subbayya is found  at the brink of death.
Son reveals the secret of the treasure to Krishna Prasad.
When Nakkajittuala Naaganna and Bijili goes to bring pot.
Nakkajittuala Naaganna renames himself as Pagadaala Subbayya in haste  and takes Krishna Prasad to a nearby highway inn and medicates him with the help of an ayurvedic doctor.
Few days later Krishna Prasad escapes  from the scene.
One day Nakkajittuala Naaganna  is captured.
Who renamed himself.
Krishna Prasad saves Nakkajittuala Naaganna and.
Who becomes pal again.
Radha reveals.
Her father Daanaala Dharmayya used to work.
Krishna memorizes constable Komarayya Daanaala Dharmayya.
When he was a child  the keys were given.
But he reaches.
His mother is killed.
Krishna Prasad kills first culprit ` Bejawada Mangayya  Nellore Rangayya in a forest  fourth culprit Chittoor Chengayya in a gambling center  and fifth culprit Chennapatnam Kannayyagari Chinnayya.
When torturing blind man.
Krishna Prasad  Radha  and Nakkajittuala Naaganna goes to the cave of treasure.
The fight goes.
Is. 
All the villains are killed.
Krishna Prasad achieves the five gunny sacks.
The movie ends.
<EOS>
A widower and his teen daughter move.
Was once owned.
Strange things begin happening.
It soon becomes clear.
The ghost  who died on the same day as its owner  is haunting the house.
But.
What reason.
<EOS>
A teenager named.
Josie has never performed or auditioned.
But she decides to enter a local talent competition.
When her father leaves the family home.
Reveals her innate ability to dance.
<EOS>
South Africa  journalist Donald Woods seeking more information about the incident  ventures off to meet black activist Steve Biko.
Biko has been officially banned and is not permitted to leave his defined banning area at King William s Town.
Woods is formally  but is still critical of his political views.
Biko invites Woods to visit a black township to see the impoverished conditions and to witness the effect.
Make up the apartheid system.
Woods begins to agree.
Where blacks have the same opportunities and freedoms.
A friendship develops.
Woods comes to understand Biko s point.
Biko is arrested and later beaten to death while in police custody.
Woods works to expose the police s complicity.
He meets in his house at Pretoria  but his efforts to expose the truth lead to his own banning.
Woods and his family are targeted by the security police.
He later decides to seek asylum to expose the corrupt and racist nature of the South African authorities.
Woods is eventually able to escape to the country of Lesotho  disguised as a priest.
His wife Wendy and their family later join him  and are flown with the aid of Bruce Haigh  a controversial Australian diplomat.
Who uses his diplomatic immunity to help them.
Hargreaves  character is an Australian journalist.
The film s epilogue displays a graphic detailing a long list.
Who died while imprisoned by the government.
Contrary  the listing s dates in the graphic actually stopped before the film s release.
The Apartheid government stopped releasing the increasing transparently false official explanations.
<EOS>
Ben Holmes is a ` blurb  writer -- responsible.
He s already nervous about flying.
His nerves are nt helped.
When he s seated next.
A bird flies into one of the engines  causing a flameout.
Now afraid to fly  he reluctantly agrees to travel.
Who also needs to get within a few days.
Things seem to keep happening to prevent them from getting to their destination -- from being on the wrong car of a train  to getting caught in various thunderstorms.
However  Ben is impressed  and starts to feel a connection with her.
Ben starts to wonder.
They get closer.
He s making the right choice  or if he should just let fate take him with Sarah  who has a secret of her own.
<EOS>
Circus owner Matt Masters takes his troupe on a tour of Europe in search of his long-lost love  Lili Alfredo.
Are Lili s daughter  Toni.
Whom she abandoned years earlier and whom he has raised  and his faithful friend  Cap Carson.
The circus is lost.
Masters manages to salvage part.
He puts together a new show.
Masters ultimately finds Lili  so mother and daughter are reunited.
<EOS>
Gerard Reve  an alcoholic  bisexual novelist  leaves Amsterdam to deliver a lecture.
There  he becomes sexually involved.
Who is alternately described.
The Virgin Mary appears to show.
He is targeted.
Mary says  Anyone given a warning must listen.
Gerard listens and his life is spared.
He passes.
Who ignores it  thinking that Gerard is trying to scare him off so that he can have Christine.
The movie ends.
<EOS>
A callous  rich businessman  Goddard Bolt  CEO  makes a bet with his biggest rival  Vance Crasswell.
Order to own an entire slum area so he can tear it down.
At no time can he reveal that he is Goddard Bolt.
Bolt will gain the neighborhood.
He succeeds.
Crasswell schemes to make Bolt s stay as bad as can be.
Bolt  homeless  hungry and filthy  is befriended and given the nickname Pepto after falling asleep in a crate with a Pepto-Bismol logo on its side.
He also falls in love with Molly  a homeless woman.
Who used to be a dancer.
Bolt is pushed out of bounds.
To prevent his anklet  he charges back in towards the thugs.
Impresses Molly.
Bolt learns important life lessons.
The unscrupulous Crasswell has no intention.
Bolt had lost his mind.
<EOS>
Spy Smasher is a costumed Vigilante acting independently.
It remains out.
He is captured and executed.
However this is faked.
He escapes back  meeting with his twin brother Jack and Jack s fiance.
The Nazi agent is The Mask  operating from a U-Boat near the coast.
The Mask s attacks begin with an attempt to flood the country with forged money and destroy the economy.
He continues.
When this is defeated.
Constant defeats  with support from Jack Armstrong and Admiral Corby  also leads the villain to take the fight back to the masked hero.
The villain is killed aboard his own U-Boat in a sea of flaming oil.
However  Spy Smasher s brother Jack Armstrong was also killed earlier in the serial.
<EOS>
Set  the film opens in New York City.
Where femme fatale Mrs Erlynne finds that she is no longer welcomed.
Selling her jewelry  she buys passage.
Where she apparently sets her sights.
Local gossips become convinced.
When his car frequently is seen parked.
The two are having an affair.
Robert s demure wife Meg remains oblivious circulating throughout the town.
She suspects the worst.
When she discovers her husband s check register.
Is. 
What she does nt know.
Erlynne actually is her mother  who has been extorting payments for keeping her secret.
She is consoled.
What she believes is her husband s transgression.
Who has proposed marriage.
Complications ensue.
When Lord Darlington professes his love and implores her to leave her supposedly wayward husband  an invitation she accepts.
Erlynne  having found Meg s farewell note  intercepts her on Darlington s yacht.
Where the two are trapped when Augustus  Darlington  Robert  and friends arrive.
Robert is startled to see the fan   Erlynne reveals herself and claims.
He gave Meg on board.
Meg makes a hasty escape.
She had taken it.
Augustus  thinking  ends their engagement.
His fiancee was planning a romantic rendezvous.
Robert pays Erlynne to leave Amalfi immediately and begs her not to reveal her identity.
Reluctantly  she complies.
She returns his check before she departs.
She discovers Augustus.
Who presents her.
Erlynne accepts his renewed proposal.
The two depart unknown.
<EOS>
Jayachandra Maharaja  a woman.
Who gives birth.
Vasundhara  loses the child while crossing a river.
She is fouf.
The hermitage revives her.
Vasundhara  attempts suicide.
Concerned  Jamadagni creates a mystical flower  and tells Vasundhara.
The flower will be as long as her son is alive and well.
Meanwhile  the child is found and taken to their village  Kotala Kona.
The village chieftain and his wife adopt the child and name him Vijay.
Which gives immortality.
Vijay and Kondanna goes.
Vijay hears a song by a princess Padma Devi in a Vasanta Vanam.
He admires her beauty and escapes.
The soldiers report this incident.
Vijaya intrudes see Padma secretly.
He speaks and escapes from the king s castle successfully with his sword fight skill.
Padma falls in love with Vijay.
Brahmananda Bhupati invites the young warriors.
Vijay and Kondanna arrives.
Sons of Jayachandra Maharaja s second wife too arrive to the castle.
Confused Brahmananda Bhupati allows both parties to stay.
Vijay s disguise is revealed in the castle.
A wizard -  is performing kshudra puja for the giant sculpture of dark goddess.
Who aims.
Wanting to sacrifice a virgin s blood  at a night  with his magic  he brings Padma  along with the bed  to the Island.
Padma gives a word to the dark goddess.
She will come back.
The same night  Bhairava sends Padma back her castle.
Next morning Brahmananda Bhupati calls to medicate Padma.
The doctor reveals.
She was affected.
Brahmananda Bhupati is made.
A tribal man could have performed such black magic.
Vijay is secured and brought into the castle by the soldiers.
Vijay unchains himself and meets Padma.
When Brahmananda Bhupati reveals that Padmani was taken ill.
Padma reveals.
What happened night.
Vijay escapes  but falls unconscious at a place near Jamadagni Ashram.
Vasundhara and few men see Vijaya.
Uttar and Dakshin grabs the throne of Chandraprabha Dynasty  by leaving their father alone in a desert.
Ashram Vijay comes out from unconsciousness.
Vasudhara and Vijay could not recognize.
Vijay reveals the princess.
Padma has a life threat.
Vasudhara blesses Vijay.
The wizard fog comes again.
Vijay sees.
Padma along is magically flying into the air.
He jumps and hangs.
He is pulled down.
Come up.
Vijay slays the roots.
Results a hermit cursed nymph to regain her form.
The nymph blesses Vijay with a magical ring and reveals.
Bhairava is about to sacrifice Padma night.
Vijay enters the cave.
Which the Bhairava is performing Kshudrapuja.
Bhairava advices Padma to have a bath and wear sacrificial costume.
Vijay brings Padma from the trance.
Vijay takes Padma on the bed  whilst Bhairava is performing puja facing towards the dark goddess.
Bhairava sends.
A two headed dragon to stop Vijay taking Padma.
The dragon separates Vijay.
The bed reaches the castle.
Vijay kills the dragon.
The dragon bursts out.
Vijay is dropped down.
A couple finds Vijay falling unconscious on the desert shore of the sea.
The devils bring Vijay to consciousness.
Their story was.
They were devils.
They stood  for  sharing a border with the desert.
Bhairva stuffed them and threw the bottle at the shore of the sea.
They were redeemed out.
When a blind man had kicked the bottle.
To feed the hungry blind man  they grab the fruits.
A white flying horse prevents him eating.
When the blind man is about to eat the plate.
Thence the devils are making him to eat.
The horse is preventing him to eat.
The devils plead Vijay to convince the horse and make the blind man to eat the food.
That they can take the leave.
Vijay convinces the horse.
The blind man regains his previous form of king.
The naughty devils reveals to Vijay.
Sata-ratna Necklace found  would protect Padma from the threat of Bhairava.
Vijay directs the king.
Brahmananda Bhupati announces.
He would give half in marriage  to the one who saves his daughter.
Vijay travels and reaches Yakshini Loka.
Directed. 
Where he meets Lilliputs.
Vijay saves Lilliputs.
The Lilliputs help Vijay to reach Yakshini Loka and shows the locked room.
Which the necklace is placed.
A Yakshini start to dance.
The Lilliputs begin to find the key.
Vijay finds the key tied to the ankle of Yakshini.
The Lilliput steals the key.
Vijay enters by facing hurdes and then enters a room of glasses.
He fights with a dreadful monster.
Has life.
The case appears upon Vijay killing the monster by breaking the glasses.
Yakshini curses Vijay.
Who is rushing out.
Vijay totally loses his handsomeness and turns into a very ugly man.
Yakshini reveals.
The necklace will lose its power if Vijay reveals out any one who he is.
Night  Vijay  in the form of an ugly man  enters the castle with the necklace and pleads Padma to wear it.
Padma and others could not recognize.
Who the ugly man is.
Padma wears the necklace.
Drives off the death fog entering the castle.
Brahmananda Bhupati remembers and arranges for the marriage between the ugly man and Padma.
Bhairava sends a devil by name Mattepa Sastri to upset the marriage.
Mattepa Sastri says.
The necklace was stolen.
Padma throws the necklace down.
The necklace loses its power.
Mattepa Sastri vanishes and appears at Bhairavudu.
Brahmananda Bhupati realizes.
The ugly man was Vijay.
Vijay returns to meet Vasundhara.
The ugly man reveals his flashback.
Vasundhara realizes and reveals.
The ugly man to be her son.
Chandraprabha Maharaja to be his father.
Vijay invokes the horse.
Vasundhara prays and takes all the ugly of her son.
Vijay regains his shape and goes to the Bhairava Dweepa on the white horse to save Padma from the sacrifice.
Vijay slays the head of Bhairava with the sacrificial sword.
Bhairava dies.
It results.
Vijay escapes out.
The nymph appears again and regains the shape.
Vijay reaches the castle.
The movie ends.
<EOS>
Coastal Command is a documentary-style account flying boats during the Battle of the Atlantic.
The film includes real footage by Hudson and Halifax bombers based in Iceland.
Later  the film depicts a routine sea patrol.
Which a Sunderland flying boat flies.
Two versions were made  one featuring an explanatory.
The film ends with a combined air attack on an enemy cruiser caught away from its base.
The Sunderland s crew returns.
The Sunderland crew returns home after the successful attack on the cruiser.
The wounded crew member is hospitalized.
The film ends.
The Sunderland crew is informed they will be re-deployed  to begin a new mission.
<EOS>
Robert Donat stars.
Who is dedicated.
Initially  he is full.
His purpose erodes when he later moves to treat rich hypochondriacs.
Rosalind Russell stars.
Who tries to set him back.
Ralph Richardson plays Manson s best friend  Dr Philip Denny.
Rex Harrison appears as Freddie Hampton.
<EOS>
A serial killer dressed in on the loose in the canals of Venice.
He kills women.
Where he embalms them to preserve their beauty.
The film is done and features travelogue scenes of Venice  a killer.
Who dresses.
<EOS>
Snobbish Komal and her brother  Kunal  Sameer -  and siblings monitor Riddhi  Rohan and Sanj - participate in a dance competition.
Who is always ready.
Whose winner will be given the recently released video game The Last Battle.
They win.
The competition are sent for playing the game.
But  they get sucked and are stranded on a vast prehistoric island.
When they start playing the game.
They also fend against wild animals  deadly gem-seekers all by themselves until a man called.
Ramaa gives them food and shelter and also starts helping them to get out of the island.
Shortly problems arise.
When Kunal is kidnapped.
Will Ramaa save Kunal.
<EOS>
The story is.
Who is staying.
Ramu meet 15 year old Gouri.
Who has come.
Both find love.
Talks and moments depart without a clue.
They will meet again.
When back Ramu runs away and lands up in the city with his neighbor.
Ramu and Gouri meet again.
Fate would have it.
Good conduct and intelligence gets noticed.
He is asked to stay in the house.
Where Gauri is a maid.
The lawyer s deaf and dumb daughter Lakshmi gets attracted without asking Ramu.
The triangle love story leads.
<EOS>
The film begins  his friend Jacques retrieves his camera.
A French secret service agent is shot and killed.
Contains his last film which Rick had on him when he was found.
There are shots of a young woman named.
Eva and the FSS concludes that she has what Rick was killed  a deadly substance.
Would kill an entire city if released.
The FSS fly back to search for Eva.
Who works.
Two women break  these women work for an evil syndicate.
Is run.
The Syndicate get to Eva first.
The FSS can not afford to fly out.
Eva is helped.
Who works by trying to arrange for her to be taken away on board a cargo ship and smuggled into France.
Claudine has a man and then pretends to be his wife.
When Roger  the FSS agent arrives.
She takes him.
Where they pretend that that Eva is nowhere to be found.
It is.
The film comes out and reveals itself for exactly what it is.
Claudine tries to protect Eva  but are later captured.
Eva is chained up and whipped  Claudine tried to save her but is killed.
It turns out.
Rick was not murdered and shows up to rescue Eva  killing everyone  and then tells Eva that he must kill her too  but Eva over powers him and kills him instead.
<EOS>
The film follows the life.
Who has a gift unknown.
Untaught and following walks to work.
What she regards.
Where she proudly and humbly stops to gaze.
It is noted.
She stops to collect soil as well as a bit of the remaining blood from a dead pig.
Later  she is seen using these same ingredients.
Her small home lit.
When her art begins to be seen.
It is her most well kept secret.
Uhde  a noted art critic  encounters her first and then sees one of her artwork s.
He regards as very promising.
Seraphine feels.
She is just a housekeeper.
No one will take her seriously  she has a talent.
Where Uhde firmly assures her.
He will look.
Exposing her art  he kindly tells her to follow her gift but he is a German and has to flee France  Leaving Seraphine.
When the 1914 war begins.
However  she is seen.
The story then jumps.
Uhde encounters Seraphine again and considers her now greatly improved.
He begins buying her work and encouraging her to do nothing but paint.
But prosperity upsets the woman s balance  she buys an expensive bridal gown.
Though she has no suitor and claims an important message.
Uhde can not sell her paintings and is also hit  and is forced to disappoint Seraphine  this goes on to mentally affect her.
Who has begun to expect she is becoming someone.
She is put into a lunatic asylum and eventually stops painting.
Uhde visits but is advised not to make contact  not even to tell her.
This would deeply upset her further.
He has finally sold some.
He grew to care and secures her a room in the institution.
Enables her to go outside  where she begins to enjoy the beauties again.
We are then told.
She died and that her art became famous and respected.
<EOS>
The hermit  Uncle John  communicates and cares for the forest.
He is.
Who wants to cut down all the trees  and wants any impediments removed.
The child  Jackie  had been washed downstream.
The mother  Anne   is told.
Whose father owns the land.
The child must be dead.
She can not quite believe it.
The boy catches sight.
When she visits her father  and walks.
She catches a glimpse as well.
The mother and child are reunited  the forest is saved.
Uncle John is able to stay.
<EOS>
Tom and Joshua Sterling are two brothers  - only this is the summer  their company is in lock up  its stock price is plunging.
Whose Internet start-up  Landshark  is as hot summer.
The world will change forever.
Tom Sterling is living the hedonistic life of an Internet star  he dates multiple women  drives a 67 Camaro convertible and hangs out at a new club called Bungalow.
Tom Sterling is a true showman  a demigod.
<EOS>
Susan Graham is a discontented heiress.
Whose joint guardians are both trying to get her married.
The five of them visit  also present happens to be radio star Nick Martin.
A nightclub called the Magnolia Club.
Whom Susan detests.
She refuses to move.
When she is inadvertently seated in front of the floor show.
Martin   is too intimidated by her hauteur to insist.
This  however  proves to be a mixed blessing   she laughs so hard at his routine.
When the evening s principal performer  a ventriloquist  comes out.
She gets a bad case.
She attempts to cure them  but succeeds only in getting caught in the crossfire of a pie fight.
Four days later  Susan s hiccups still have nt stopped.
Her doctor recommends.
Her guardians take her.
They stop at a pub for directions.
Susan runs again.
She is still chilly towards him  but then the narrator shoots the two of them with Cupid s arrow.
They immediately fall.
Martin s overbearing mother  however  soon comes to take him away - but not.
The two have arranged a rendezvous.
The plot then proceeds.
Where Susan s guardians  not believing  have hired an actor to play the part.
Susan  however  slips away  consequently  she still has the hiccups.
He begins working.
When Mrs Martin finds her and Nick trysting together.
This fact does nt amuse Mrs Martin   she forbids Susan to see her son again  and suggests.
Who apparently believes that hiccups are contagious.
She see a psychiatrist.
The psychiatrist concludes.
Because Susan got the hiccups  she can rid herself of them if she laughs that hard again.
He recommends  Susan accordingly goes.
A fellow called Jimmy Edwards.
Where  naturally enough  she meets Nick again.
The two arrange a date at the Magnolia Club  ostensibly.
Susan can cure her hiccups  but really so they can gaze into each other s eyes all night.
Their reverie is interrupted  however.
Who shows up.
Susan  disgusted  storms out  a little too late  to develop a backbone and tell his mother off.
When Nick fails to stand up.
Returning home  Susan writes a letter.
The Martin address turns out to be unlisted.
She therefore returns and leaves the letter on his microphone  on her way back out  however  she mistakes the door and ends up locking herself in a supply closet.
The next morning  she turns up missing  Nick  frantic  sets all.
She s found.
Being persuaded  however   he returns that evening  in the course of the broadcast  the closet door is opened.
His program is necessary.
Susan tumbles out  unconscious.
She is  however  quickly revived - and   she bursts out laughing  thereby finally curing herself.
What is more  when she sees her guardians  nephews.
She and Nick fall.
All ends happily.
<EOS>
Liz Simpkins is the daughter.
She falls with minister Henry Pennfield.
Keeping the household.
Meanwhile  Mildred Holcombe  the daughter  falls in love with artist Arnold Brice.
One night  she is secretly.
Liz knows and stops by to warn Mildred.
Her brother Arthur is coming over.
Mildred is able to sneak out just.
Arthur catches Liz.
This incident causes a big scandal.
It is decided.
Her father has recently died.
Liz will be sent.
The selfish Mildred begs Liz not to tell the truth.
Her father will never forgive her if he finds out the truth.
However  Henry witnessed the conversation and announces.
He will marry Liz.
<EOS>
Basava runs a gym centre and lives Avinash and Sudharani.
Who treat him.
He is permanently opposed.
He opines.
When his brother start seeking a girl.
He should select his future bride.
He selects Gowri  daughter.
Who is working.
Pampathy s younger brother is Home Minister.
Pampathy s son is a vagabond womanizer.
To gain her approval  Basava makes every effort.
Her engagement is fixed.
He can get her green signal.
Supported  Basava rises against the autocratic behaviour of Pampathy  challenges him in public  and wins  thereby also winning the heart and hand of Gowri.
<EOS>
Freewheeling Jim Masters returns home.
Which he was declared dead  to find that his wife  Nancy  is about to marry.
She must now choose.
The Masters daughters are also upset.
Their irresponsible father has re-entered their lives.
Meanwhile  the youngest daughter  Buff  is drawn.
Reminds Jim Masters.
<EOS>
The film follows the lives - Krpa  Filip  Kizo and Dejo.
All are football fans and Dinamo Zagreb supporters.
Krpa is an antisocial football hooligan.
Who constantly abuses his wife.
He also insults and physically attacks several people.
Who complain.
He robs a betting shop and is involved in a foot chase with two police officers.
Filip is a drug addict.
Who spent three years in Spain.
His parents try to persuade him to find a job.
When he returns at the beginning of the film.
Order to prevent him.
The same day  he reunites.
Kizo is an ailurophiliac alcoholic.
He lives after the death of his father.
One day  he goes.
They can go.
They had already left the bar.
He goes back home  also visiting a supermarket to buy alcoholic beverages and cat food.
He is then seen drinking and taking care.
Dejo  a Serb  is the son.
He is also a drug addict and owes people money.
His ethnicity constantly leads.
Who even persuades him to kiss the Altar.
Dejo goes to Sarajevo to buy heroin.
They visit Filip s aunt and uncle somewhere in Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Filip s aunt and uncle say.
They would like to give his parents two bags.
He says  so they agree to transport them in a few days.
There is not enough space.
Filip hides the drug of the bags.
It is eventually found.
When the bags are transported.
<EOS>
Galileo Galilei is a mathematics professor in Padua  Italy.
He possesses the freedom to pursue controversial scientific studies.
His salary is inadequate.
Part involves the use of a telescope  a relatively new scientific instrument brought from the Netherlands.
Using the telescope  Galileo seeks to test the theories put forth.
Place the sun - and not the Earth.
Galileo accepts a more prestigious academic position in Florence  Italy.
But his new position does not come.
He enjoyed.
His friends refuse to come to his aid.
When he is summoned.
<EOS>
Once  there lived four families  each of them faithful keepers of martial arts.
Anyone  or a new form  had to fight his way through the family s gates.
Who wanted to establish a new sect.
But  he is rejected and driven out.
When Liang Henlu requests a competition.
Liang is taken and forced to hide in a boat filled with gypsy dancers.
The Guancheng masters start to question their assumptions.
A series prove Liang s sword invincible.
They finally recognize.
It is none other.
<EOS>
It starts  Then they are attacked by White Pongo.
Causes the escape.
Later he tries to catch White Pongo.
There is a staff fight between white pongo and a regular gorilla  presumeably default pongo.
<EOS>
Zenon Kar  15  is two years older but none the wiser about the dangers of meddling.
She inadvertently empties out Commander Planks Office and is assigned work detail.
When she shows Nebula a new game and how to play it.
Worse the space station is now.
General Hammond is assigned to command the station and boots Commander Plank.
Even worse  he assigns Zenon to look.
His daughter who turns out to be her old nemesis  Margie  who s demanding and threatens to have her dad kick Zenon and her family if Zenon does nt obey her.
Zenon then discovers.
Her space station is being decommissioned and sneaks down to try and stop it.
Margie wants to go too and sneaks down as well.
Making it look forced her to go with her.
Our headstrong heroine takes charge.
Commander Plank and Aunt Judy are then married.
Zenon and Margie become friends.
<EOS>
Relatively void  the short depicts Bosko hosting a movie show  playing a Furtilizer organ  leading the audience in the song.
We re.
He goes.
Features caricatures chasing a dog in a dog race.
Hitler was depicted.
It is followed.
Who are called Haurel and Lardy starring.
The climax is a burlesque melodrama.
Which a stereotypical villain chases Bosko s girlfriend  Honey who was initially serenaded by the Marx Brothers.
<EOS>
Sisters-by-marriage Maheswariyamma and Thankamani Kunjamma  though feigning mutual affection  are.
When the rich  handsome bank manager Shankar arrives.
The arrival transforms the story.
<EOS>
Journalist crews are first seen trying to avoid being penned up in Kuwait City.
The war is about to break.
Other journalists repeatedly try to get to capture.
What s happening.
They capture troops  cussing.
These journalists make it.
A journalist described.
A Scud missile whizzing is artfully juxtaposed with a shot of a string of photographers taking a whiz.
The reporters themselves wrestle it may have on their humanity.
One journalist admits  I m  but presses on.
She felt.
Later  she says.
She has just witnessed.
That does nt affect you.
That shit should always affect you.
The U.
S.
Later bombs the Baghdad hotel.
Where these journalists are staying.
A Polish journalist files a radio report.
Says  It does nt look good  adding that a Marine has told him too many people still have weapons.
<EOS>
Stanley Coopersmith  a young cadet  is a social outcast.
Bullied. 
We see Satanic leader Father Estaban and his followers on the shore of Spain during the Dark Ages.
They are approached.
Who tells them.
They renounce Satan and their evil ways.
Coopersmith is being punished by being forced to clean the church cellar.
He finds a room belonging and containing books of black magic along with Father Estaban s diary.
Cleaning the darkened cellar.
Coopersmith fascinated uses his computer skills to translate it.
He discovers.
Estaban was a Satanist.
The book contains rituals.
Coopersmith plots his revenge using black magic.
He befriends the school s cook.
Who makes a meal and shows him a litter of puppies that his dog just had.
Coopersmith takes the smallest pup  names.
Him Fred and hides him.
He discovers.
He needs a concecrated host and blood to complete the list.
Coopersmith steals the host  he then notices Estaban s portrait on the wall.
Using the translation he attempts the ritual and is suddenly attacked wearing masks and robes.
They leave.
Coopersmith  thinking is told.
He has successfully performed the ritual.
A pentagram appears.
Coopersmith then kicks him the groin.
When Coopersmith accidentally wakes the drunken caretaker he is accused.
The caretaker attacks Coopersmith.
Who screams.
The computer flares with a red pentagram on it.
An unseen force then takes the caretaker s head and turns it.
Coopersmith then discovers a catacomb filled.
Hiding the caretaker s body he leaves.
Coopersmith accidentally leaves the diary.
When he s sent.
Who hides it.
The office secretary begins to finger the jewels.
Coopersmith is being made to clean the stables.
Trying to pry the jewels out causes the pigs in the stable to attack Coopersmith.
Unable to remove them  the secretary takes the book home.
She then disrobes  gets and is attacked and devoured by black boars.
Manifest out.
He s told if tries to play in the big game tomorrow.
The school principal kicks him off the soccer team.
Coopersmith s classmates make their way into Estaban s hidden room and find Coopersmith s computer program.
The computer says.
The blood used must be human blood.
Coopersmith becomes completely enraged.
The diary then appears laying.
He follows him.
When a teacher catches Coopersmith.
Where Coopersmith is translating the rest.
Coopersmith pledging his life then kills his teacher on a spiked wheel and collects his blood.
Unaware are all in attendance at a service above.
Father Estaban s soul then possesses Coopersmith s body and takes up a sword.
Meanwhile a nail is pried out by an unseen force and flies across the room and is driven into the minister s skull.
Coopersmith then rises.
A pack a large black boars pours out.
Where Coopersmith now hovers.
He then decapitates his principal and his coach.
His classmates try to flee only to be devoured.
The lead bully tries to escape only to have the caretaker come back to life and remove the boy s heart.
It is still beating.
The caption says.
Stanley Coopersmith survived the attack but after witnessing the fiery death went catatonic from shock and was sentenced to Sunnydale asylum where he remains.
The end shows Coopersmith s true fate.
His face appears.
<EOS>
Teenage gay Frank is part.
He decides to run away with his best friend  Rita.
They settle.
Where Frank starts enjoying life.
Frank is left to go.
When Rita leaves.
He goes.
Which young  attractive men dance and provide sexual services.
The place is run.
Who lets Frank stay there.
He meets Angelo   and Jake  a favorite of customers.
Who is a transsexual  and raises funds.
Who considers himself to be straight.
But Frank falls with him.
They start a relationship.
Meanwhile  Europe sees the start.
Soon  Frank learns.
Jake has contracted the disease  and becomes engulfed  watching his boyfriend dying.
<EOS>
Emperor Ming destroy  the Earth  using natural disasters.
The Merciless declares that he will first play and then.
New York Jets football star Flash Gordon boards a small plane.
Where he meets travel journalist Dale Arden.
Mid-flight  the cockpit is hit.
The pilots mysteriously vanish.
Flash takes control and manages to crash land.
Zarkov   has secretly constructed a spacecraft.
Who believes the disasters are being caused because an unknown source is pushing the moon.
He plans to use to investigate.
Zarkov s assistant refuses to go  so he lures Flash and Dale aboard.
The rocket launches  taking them.
Where they are captured.
The three are brought.
He orders Dale be prepared.
Flash tries to resist but is overpowered.
Ming orders Zarkov be reprogrammed.
Flash executed.
Ming s daughter  Princess Aura  forces Ming s surgeon.
Whom she is attracted.
Flash sees Zarkov being brainwashed.
They escape.
Aura and Flash flee.
En route  Aura teaches Flash to use a telepathic communicator to contact Dale.
He lets.
Her know he is alive.
Dale is locked.
Encouraged  she escapes.
Klytus sends Zarkov to intercept Dale.
Who tells him and Klytus that Flash is alive.
They then escape.
Zarkov reveals he resisted the brainwashing.
They are captured and taken to Sky City.
Aura and Flash arrive.
Aura asks the Prince to keep Flash safe.
A distrustful Barin   agrees not to kill Flash.
Then forces him to perform a deadly ritual.
Barin and Flash take.
Turns sticking their hands.
He pretends to be stung and begs before escaping.
When Flash has to take an extra turn.
Barin follows.
They are both captured.
Klytus informs Ming and is given authority to find out.
Flash is alive.
Who is responsible.
Aura returns and is taken prisoner and tortured.
They force her.
Ming banishes her after his wedding.
Meanwhile  Flash and Barin are taken.
Where Flash and Dale are briefly reunited.
Flash is forced to fight Barin.
Barin joins him.
When Flash saves his life.
Klytus arrives.
Flash and Barin kill him.
Knowing  Vultan orders.
This will bring retribution.
The Hawkmen to evacuate  leaving Barin  Flash  Dale and Zarkov behind.
Ming s ship arrives and he orders Barin  Zarkov and Dale to be taken aboard.
Ming is impressed  and offers him lordship over Earth in exchange for loyalty.
Flash refuses.
Ming gives the order to destroy Vultan s kingdom along.
Flash finds a rocket cycle and escapes.
Sky City is destroyed.
Flash contacts Vultan.
Who is hiding.
They plot an attack.
Flash pretends to attack Mingo City alone.
General Kala dispatches the war rocket Ajax to bring back Flash s body but the Hawkmen intercepts.
They seize the rocket.
Meanwhile  Princess Aura overpowers her guard and frees Barin and Zarkov.
Flash and the Hawkmen attack Mingo City activates the defenses.
Ming and Dale s wedding begins.
Mingo City s lightning field can only be penetrated.
Flash volunteers to stay.
Barin sabotages the field generators and Ajax plummets.
Before the rocket hits.
He falls off the rocket nose  seriously wounded.
Flash offers to spare his life but Ming refuses.
He will stop the attack.
Ming attempts to use his power ring.
His power falters and nothing happens.
He then aims the ring and is seemingly vaporized by its remaining power seconds.
The counter reaches zero.
A huge victory celebration ensues.
<EOS>
Eventually his luck runs.
Causing a number to crash.
This time the offense is too serious and unable to bribe the officer.
He is arrested.
DCP Bhosle wants to teach Rahul a lesson but ca nt think than making.
Him do time.
Neha Sengupta inspired  comes up with a unique punishment idea for Rahul  Community Service.
The Judge likes this idea and sentences a remorseless Rahul.
Sparks fly.
When Rahul meets the old residents  as they do not get on very well.
<EOS>
Raised separately  Lorenzo  from Tamaulipas  is an atheistic bronco  Juan de Dios  from San Luis Potosi  is a parish priest.
Victor   is a captain in the army.
Their great physical resemblance is a source.
Juan de Dios tries to solve the problems.
La Universidad Autonoma de Nuevo Leon She played the daughter.
She has a snake and a tarantula as pets.
Of which she handles.
She also pushes.
She shoots at him with a pistol and misses.
Then  she starts crying.
Her Pedro Infante father asks her.
She is crying because she shot.
She responds tearfully.
No  she is crying because she did nt kill him - which does nt make him mad.
She keeps pestering her father for one thing after another.
When she is.
Which he always complies.
Visibly annoyed.
Finally  she calls and demands a glass of water.
She is thirsty.
She waters her plant.
When he grudgingly brings it.
Not angry.
It is her father s stoic acceptance.
Tucita does.
Nevertheless  the Priest Pedro Infante takes an interest.
He sometimes puts to disguise himself in the movie as his otherwise identical brother to look in on her.
Disguise does fool her.
She just ca nt figure out.
Her father is acting so differently.
Tucita s real father is finally formally accused.
However  the military identical triplet is the one.
Who gets arrested and held  because  disguised with a mustache like his brother  he is mistaken for Tucita s father.
A mob tries to get in his cell to hang him.
Tucita s Pedro Infante father and priest Pedro Infante overcome the real Coyote.
He is trying to kill them  and get him in writing that he is Coyote.
They place Tucita s pet tarantula.
Scares the confession.
Tucita wags her finger and righteously tells him off.
That confession  absolves Tucita s father and saves the military Pedro Infante.
When presented.
Her father turns over a new leaf and takes Tucita to church for the first time.
They kneel.
He lovingly shows her.
To make the sign.
Military Pedro Infante wins.
The movie ends.
Tucita s Father Pedro Infante look.
All has turned out so well off with his lady love.
<EOS>
Raghunandan is an.
Who resigned his lucrative job because he was bored.
Having lived  he chose journalism as his next career and worked in different cities in India.
He now works.
He is in the process of writing an English novel too.
He is essentially a loner but is a compulsive alcoholic and has an expensive collection.
It was his excessive drinking back.
Resulted some years.
He shares a healthy friendship.
The couple have custody and Meera s son Aditya a.
K. 
A Sunny.
Who is deaf and mute.
Captain Nambiar is jovial his next door neighbour.
Raghunandan  however  is not really bothered and prefers to live life on his own terms.
He rubs off some powerful politicians  threatening dire consequences and offering bribes  the wrong way and does nt regret it.
Who come.
Raghunandan s fatal addiction takes a heavy toll on his personal and professional life.
However  good sense dawns  albeit late.
When he comes.
That is plumber Mani.
Who is so drunk that he can not distinguish.
His character manifests all the worst characteristics  including abusing his wife.
Mani changes everything  bringing some meaning.
<EOS>
Pierre Mirande  is a Venetian tour guide.
Who falls.
Whose father.
Her suitor  Ronnie and her father see him.
Barbara loves Pierre as well.
Barbara s mother persuades her husband to give Pierre a job.
He manages to captivate his landlady and the maid with his humorous songs.
Unfortunately  he falls asleep.
He is to attend Barbara s party.
When he is wrongly accused.
He wins back his job  and is promoted as well.
When he sells liquor-coated chewing gum.
Barbara disapproves  and plans to marry Ronnie.
Pierre whisks her away.
<EOS>
Vetrivel is a person.
Who lives.
Annamalai is the owner but not the building-cum-residence of the transports and the staff.
He is very innocent and funny.
Vivek always arranges a marriage bride.
Will stop the marriage.
Ajali is an ardent fan.
She feels.
Her husband should also be.
She is the very beautiful and attractive daughter.
She comes to check the building s condition and to collect the yearly rent.
She meets Sundhar C.
And falls.
Sundhar C.
Also falls with Anjali and reveals his past to her.
Sundar C.
Was a highly accomplished district collector.
Was transferred.
He gets himself.
Naachiyaar s son kidnaps Sundhar C.
S friend s sister.
Who was engaged to rape her.
But Sundhar C.
Comes in and saves the girl and destroys Naachiyaar s son s reproductive capacity.
Naachiyaar s son dies.
The marriage happens happily.
Naachiyaar kills Sundhar C.
S friend brutally.
Then the governor comes.
CBCID informs.
An attempt will be made at a Tanjore meeting.
Sundhar C.
Is told to protect the governor.
He trained and was an excellent shooter.
But the governor is killed and Sundhar C.
Is framed.
The rest shows how Sundhar C.
Proves himself and again stops another marriage after returning to being a collector.
<EOS>
James Murphey is a rugged cryptozoologist.
Who thirty years earlier   had a fatal encounter with the fabled Nessie creature that killed his father  and left James with deep facial scar.
Twenty years later  James is hunting.
When his search leads him on Lake Superior.
Hiring Josh Riley over their mutual scientific interests and deceased fathers   Sheriff Karen Riley.
James tries to convince Josh s mother.
A 60-foot Plesiosaurus is killing and breeding.
Meanwhile  Josh leaves to find his girlfriend  Zoe.
Who along is camping on a small deserted island on the lake.
The others attempt to escape.
When one disappears.
One is killed.
Another is injured.
The film climaxes.
When Sheriff Riley  Murphy and Deputy Neil Chapman spot Josh s flare  and track the creature and her offspring.
Sheriff Riley and Josh manage to kill some.
Her partner  Neil  dies.
Josh lures Nessie away and traps her in a container filled with magnetite.
Murphy stabs the creature  then helps Josh by getting him out of harm s way and throws his cigar lighter into the container  igniting the explosive magnetite and destroying the creature.
Sheriff Riley asks.
James will now start chasing Sasquatch  to which he replies that he will probably find a nice small town to call home.
Josh asks.
He means Ashburn  to which he laughingly replies yeah.
<EOS>
Being turned down  he spends the night in a nearby castle owned by Dr Nox  an old friend of his father  along with Mrs Simpson  an American multimillionaire the property.
Who desires.
Philipe finds.
A note awaits you.
Meanwhile  Mrs Simpson s money and jewels are stolen by a masked thief.
Philipe is suspected.
Philipe again visits the magistrate.
Who now believes his case.
They trick Dr Nox and Mrs Simpson.
Philipe and the magistrate find the head of Inspector Durtal hidden in the passage in Philipe s room.
Back  they find.
Mrs Simpson is dead and that Dr Nox has vanished.
Her pocket contains a note.
He has murdered the real Dr Nox.
Grand Vampire  reads.
Ballerina Marfa Koutiloff  who is engaged  will perform a ballet called The Vampires.
To prevent her and to deter Philipe  he gives Marfa a poisoned ring before her performance.
Kills her onstage.
Amidst the panicking crowds and is captured.
Philipe recognizes the Grand Vampire and follows him.
They agree to interrogate Philipe and execute him at dawn.
Philipe finds.
The Vampire guarding him is one.
They decide to work together and capture the Grand Inquisitor.
When he arrives.
The police raid the lair and kill the Grand Inquisitor.
Who turns out to be the Chief Justice  while the other Vampires escape.
Philipe tries to decode a red booklet.
Faking illness to get off work.
He lifted.
He discovers  so he leaves.
His house is by the Vampires.
He arrives at The Howling Cat night club.
Performing is an anagram.
There is Irma Vep  whose name Philipe sees.
The Grand Vampire assigns Irma to retrieve the red booklet.
Along he stole from the Grand Vampire.
Philipe returns home Mazamette arrives.
A few days later  Irma arrives.
Philipe recognizes her.
She tries to poison him  but fails.
His mother leaves to meet her brother.
He has been.
She is captured.
Irma lets another Vampire.
Philipe is asleep.
He shoots them.
They escape  however.
His gun was loaded.
Philipe s mother is held by Father Silence  a deaf-mute  and is forced to sign a ransom note.
She kills him and escapes.
The Grand Vampire   meets Juan-Jose Moreno  a businessman.
Who asks.
Moreno makes a purchase.
The safe is rigged and is opened by Irma and the Grand Vampire.
However  the case Moreno places inside contains the Vampires  black attire.
Later   Irma learns.
A man called Mr Metadier has to bring.
He is unable to make the delivery.
Soon afterward  Mr Metadier is murdered.
His body disposed from a film.
A spectre appears and takes it instead.
When Irma is about to take the money.
The Grand Vampire the spectre.
Who escapes down a manhole.
Later that day  Mme.
Metadier appears  saying.
She has nt seen her husband.
They also find out.
The money has nt been delivered.
Philipe soon learns  and goes to the bank in disguise  recognizing Irma.
He finds her address.
A few hours later sneaks in  using Mazamette.
Irma and the Grand Vampire open the safe  only to find Metadier s body and the money.
Philipe tries to attack them but is knocked down.
They escape.
Philipe calls the police.
As Moreno enters and finds his safe opened.
He walks through  being caught.
Moreno is revealed to be another criminal  and claims not to have killed Metadier  but to have found his body by the train tracks and put it in his safe  assuming his identity and taking the money.
Where the Vampires had dumped it.
Is now.
The police arrive and arrest Moreno.
The examining magistrate relocates to Paris and is assigned to the Vampire case and the Moreno affair.
Moreno commits suicide using a concealed cyanide capsule.
His body is left.
He wakes up  very much alive.
He kills the night-watchman and takes his clothes  escaping.
He is noticed.
Who is suffering.
The following morning  Moreno is found to have escaped.
Philipe is pulled out by the Vampires and whisked into a large box.
Writing an account.
He is driven away but is taken off and slides down a large flight.
The Vampires retreat and Philipe is let out.
He visits the costume designer.
Whose name is  at the same time as Moreno and his gang who are buying police uniforms for a scheme.
Philipe learns.
The box was to go.
Later  Moreno confronts Philipe  but  they turn out to be part of Moreno s gang.
When he calls.
He is again captured.
Meanwhile  Mazamette breaks.
Philipe is taken there to be hanged.
He can give them means to revenge themselves.
He tells them.
Baron de Mortesalgues is the Grand Vampire.
They spare him  tying him up.
Mazamette appears and frees him.
That evening  the Grand Vampire holds a party   for his niece  Irma in disguise.
Attracts many members.
He reveals.
There will be a surprise  the surprise being a gas attack on the guests.
The Vampires steal all.
They are unconscious.
They flee.
Moreno  forewarned  takes them for himself.
Mazamette visits Philipe  angry and tries to quit.
Philipe shows him a line.
States. 
Fifteen days have passed.
Moreno   is looking to lead him to the Vampires  and reads in a paper.
Who has established a gaze.
A Fontainebleau notary has been murdered.
Meanwhile  Philipe and Mazamette go to see a film.
Mysteriously contains Irma Vep and the Grand Vampire.
They spot an American tourist  Horatio Werner  riding  and follow him.
Cycling. 
He places a box.
They take it.
The Grand Vampire   will be awarded the money.
Who is staying under the pseudonym of Count Kerlor  along with Irma in disguise as his son  Viscount Guy  reads in a paper that George Baldwin  an American millionaire  has been robbed of $ 200000 and who ever can capture the criminal  Raphael Norton.
He notices.
Mr and Mrs Werner  who are staying  are distressed by this  and concludes that Mr Werner is Raphael Norton.
Philipe and Mazamette arrive and find.
The Vampires are based there.
They force open the box and find Baldwin s stolen money inside.
Moreno comes.
Irma breaks  finding a map leading to the box in the forest.
The Grand Vampire tells the hotel guests a story.
She is strangled and hypnotised.
When she leaves.
Who takes the map.
He dresses his hypnotised maid  Laura  and tells her to give the Vampires the map.
His gang take Irma away.
Moreno s gang ambushes her  only to find.
One follows the map to get the treasure.
Philipe has already taken it.
The police raid the hotel and find  so Philipe and Mazamette win the money.
Werner is actually Norton.
Moreno is shown to have fallen with Irma and no longer intends to hold her ransom to the Grand Vampire.
The Grand Vampire comes to meet Moreno.
Moreno convinces Irma to kill him.
A mysterious man arrives  and shows.
He knows that the Grand Vampire s body is.
Moreno tries to get rid.
He is paralysed.
The man reveals himself to be the true Grand Vampire  Satanus  and.
The first was a subordinate.
Moreno and Irma receive a note saying.
Called the Happy Shack.
They will see proof at two oclock.
He fires a powerful canon at the Happy Shack  largely destroying it.
Meanwhile  Philipe decides to visit Mazamette.
He is out chasing the girls.
He hides.
Mazamette arrives home  drunk.
The next morning  Irma and Moreno go.
Satanus offers them the chance to work  showing them.
George Baldwin is stopping.
One  Lily Flower  goes to the Park Hotel and poses as an interviewer from Modern Woman magazine and gets his autograph.
Afterwards  Irma enters and records his voice saying.
Parisian women are the most charming I ve seen  all right.
Irma intercepts the call  disguised  and plays the recording.
When the banker calls Baldwin to confirm the cheque.
She made instead.
Mazamette comes in  recognising her  and follows her  seeing her give Moreno the money in a taxi.
Lily Flower is taking the money.
Moreno gives Satanus the money.
He is given it back.
Philipe and Mazamette capture Lily Flower and tell her to call Moreno and tell him to come.
They fall and are caught by the police.
When he and Irma arrive.
Irma  sentenced  has been sent to St.
Lazarus  prison.
A transfer order is sent to send Irma to a penal colony in Algeria.
Irma finds out.
Moreno has been executed.
Satanus follows Irma s transportation route  stopping as a Priest.
He gives some religious comfort to the prisoners.
Irma s copy contains.
A secret message saying the ship will blow up.
Satanus destroys the ship.
Meanwhile  Philipe finds.
The explosive shell that landed  and also now the boat came from Montmartre  and Mazamette goes to find it.
His son  Eustache Mazamette  is returned home  so they go to look for it together.
They find some men loading boxes.
Notice one contains a shell.
Later  reading  Satanus visits Philipe to avenge Irma s death.
No survivors have been found.
He paralyses him and leaves a bomb in a top hat to kill him off.
Mazamette arrives and throws the top hat out.
Eustache is used as a ploy to hide Mazamette in a box.
Satanus sees this.
Simultaneously Eustache shoots.
The police raid the building and arrest him.
They find.
Mazamette s nose has been broken.
Meanwhile  Irma is shown to have survived the blast  trying to get back to Paris from under a train.
She is helped  faking.
She is.
She makes her way.
Where she performs  and is rapturously greeted.
One of the Vampires  Venomous  appoints himself the new chief.
They mail him an envelope containing a poisoned note.
He uses to commit suicide.
Irma is now a devoted collaborator.
Who is set.
He learns.
Philipe is engaged.
The following day Irma and Lily Flower rent an apartment.
Irma s maid  a Vampire also  hears.
Philipe and Jane s engagement party will be catered.
Venomous cancels their catering order.
The Vampires appear instead.
Jane s mother gives the servants some champagne.
Is poisoned and killed.
As dinner is served one.
The landlady stops the party guests.
The Vampires make a hasty escape.
A few days later  Mazamette and Philipe s mother pick up Jane and her mother.
Irma   is spotted.
Who tries to fill the car.
He is gassed and taken away.
She hides on the car.
Mazamette is taken  believed to be drunk  and calls Philipe to warn him.
Irma slips out and gets away in the car.
Philipe can catch her.
He goes to meet up at the Pyramid Hotel  but spots Irma there and ties her up.
He saves Irma and drives off  so they chase him in his.
He and Mazamette attempt to ambush Venomous.
Philipe chases Venomous  following him onto the top of a moving train.
He gets away.
Mazamette  enraged  hits one of the officers.
Who tries to book him.
Philipe persuades them not.
Philipe and Jane are now married.
Augustine Charlet  widow  is invited by the Guerandes to be their chamber maid.
She accepts.
The following day  she receives a letter.
She should consult Madame dAlba Avenue Junot.
Mazamette   follows her.
When she does.
Who has taken an attraction.
Madame dAlba  a Vampire  hypnotises Augustine and instructs her to unlock the door at 2 am to let the Vampires in.
Mazamette catches her.
She leaves.
He promises not to tell Philipe.
Unable to sleep that night  he sees her let the Vampires.
They tie her up and feed poisonous gas.
He shoots.
They flee.
Augustine explains her actions.
Venomous tries to break in.
They go.
Jane shoots.
She is lassoed down and carried away.
When she looks out the window.
The police raid Avenue Junot.
Irma and Venomous escape and drive away  capturing Augustine.
Mazamette shoots  causing an oil leak.
Philipe follows the trail and lays traps at nightfall.
The gang celebrate the wedding.
The police do a large scale police raid.
The Vampires are still celebrating.
All of the Vampires are either killed or captured by the police.
She confronts their captives  but is shot.
Paris now being safe  Mazamette proposes to Augustine.
She accepts.
<EOS>
Duncan is an unemployed youth  trying to cope ten years ago.
The film is set.
Duncan s grandparents  Ronald and Ruth move.
Ron claims.
He has seen the Northern Lights aka Aurora Borealis.
Ron is fast deteriorating.
Kate is the home assistant.
Duncan finds a job.
Order to be close.
Where they are staying.
There he meets Kate.
The two quickly fall.
Meanwhile  Duncan takes care and helps out Ron in coping with his condition.
Duncan does not want to leave the town.
He grew up.
He is not able to free himself.
Ron nudges him to do something.
He tells Kate.
Duncan needs someone who can push him.
Kate too suggests.
Duncan move on.
Kate announces.
She has chosen to move.
This hurts Duncan.
He is still not ready to leave.
Ron wants to end his life and misery.
He asks Duncan to buy him some shells.
Duncan loads the shotgun and gives it to Ron.
He is not able to position the gun.
That he can pull the trigger.
The gun goes off.
Duncan runs inside.
Ron follows but has a heart attack and dies.
Kate leaves.
San Diego and Duncan says his goodbyes.
She sees Duncan at the doorstep  ready to give his life a fresh start.
<EOS>
Josephine Evans and Professor Michael Kingsley are not approved of by Evan s two children.
They try to disrupt the relationship  presenting them as true things their mother has done  hoping.
Kingsley would be displeased.
<EOS>
Where auditions are being held.
This is met from Cook  the show s producer.
Bernie insists.
Who is living.
They are grateful  though not entirely certain.
Elgin can handle the work.
Elgin makes privately.
Georgie is the reason.
He strongly criticizes her  first.
Is. 
What he does nt know.
The real reason Elgin s career has ended is the death.
Mealy-mouthed  Elgin is actually a demanding alcoholic.
Who is totally dependent.
Bernie mistakenly blames her.
Happens. 
He believes Georgie to be suicidal and a drunk.
When it is actually Frank who is both.
Humiliated  Bernie realizes.
When he learns the truth.
Behind his hatred was a strong attraction to her.
He kisses her and falls.
Elgin succeeds night.
Afterward he demands respect.
He and his wife had not been given previously.
Bernie believes.
Now that Elgin has recovered his self-respect and stature  Georgie will be free to leave him.
But she stands instead.
<EOS>
Psychiatrist Dr Miranda Grey works.
Miranda has a car accident.
Driving home.
She rushes to try to help the girl.
The girl turns out to be a ghost  and possesses Miranda s body.
She extends her hand.
Miranda loses consciousness.
Miranda next wakes up.
She works.
Drugged and confused  she remembers nothing.
What happened.
She learns.
Her husband Douglas was brutally murdered and that she is the primary suspect.
The ghost uses her body to carry out messages.
Miranda copes.
Leads her former colleagues to believe Miranda is suicidal and is inflicting the wounds.
Meanwhile  Miranda bonds.
Several times had claimed.
She d been raped while.
Miranda had always attributed these stories.
One night  the door is opened by the ghost.
Has been haunting her.
She can hear the rape occurring and momentarily sees a man s chest pressed.
When she passes Chloe s room.
The man s chest bears a tattoo.
Miranda realizes.
Chloe was not making up these stories.
She apologizes.
When she sees Chloe the next day.
The two embrace.
Chloe warns Miranda.
Her attacker said he was going to target Miranda next.
Miranda begins regaining some by bit  and slowly comes to remember herself killing her husband.
She realizes.
The ghost had used her body  thus making Miranda the patsy for his murder.
This is.
All points to Miranda.
Miranda escapes the hospital  having recognized the girl.
Seeking clues.
She killed her husband.
She discovers a room containing a blood-stained bed.
What appears to be a box containing drugs  restraints  and video equipment.
She watches the tape.
Is still.
The viewer hears a woman screaming or raped.
If tortured.
Douglas walks into the shot  covers a woman s lifeless body on the bed with a sheet  and winks at the camera.
Police arrive.
One officer comes closer and draws a gun on her.
She is holding a knife.
Miranda backs up.
All injured  frantically screaming girl grabs hold of her from the adjoining crawlspace.
The police release the girl.
Miranda is taken.
Sheriff Ryan   talks  and quizzes her on.
She is.
Who was Douglas  closest friend.
She knew all these things.
He does not believe her claim the accomplice would be.
Ghosts told her everything  and asks her what sort.
Miranda uses her experience.
A psychiatrist to give a psychological profile  and as she does so realizes that Ryan fits the profile perfectly.
He attacks Miranda and in the fight reveals his tattoo -- an Anima Sola.
Miranda kills the sheriff  with the help of the ghost.
Miranda is next seen walking on a city sidewalk discussing.
Each helped the other come.
Miranda claims to be free and sends Chloe off in a taxi.
Miranda then sees a young boy standing.
Who appears as though he is about to be struck.
Miranda yells.
She realizes.
The fire truck passes without harming him.
He was only a ghost.
Miranda walks away  a poster Have you seen Tim.
<EOS>
The movie starts.
They stop in the Indian Country.
Charles builds a house  starts farming  they have Indians to visit them and meet Mr Edwards.
They are visited by the soldiers and learn.
They should leave.
They set off for new journey.
<EOS>
Frank Falenczyk is a hit man in Buffalo  New York.
He has a drinking problem.
His uncle Roman Krzeminski  head  sends him to San Francisco to clean up his act.
When he messes up a critical assignment that puts the family business.
He is forced to accept a job  and go to Alcoholics Anonymous meetings.
Where he confesses his job  explaining that he wants to be free because it s affecting his ability to kill effectively.
He falls with Laurel Pearson  a quirky client.
He meets.
Meanwhile  an upstart Irish mob threatens the family snow-plowing business.
Frank returns home to face the old rivals.
When violence erupts.
He manages to suppress his family s adversaries  killing the mob s leader and disbanding the Irish posse.
<EOS>
Theme is based on triangle-love story.
The story revolves around two girls and a boy.
The girl Divya loves the same guy Anil.
<EOS>
Maayi is the well-respected .
He sees women and even conducts their marriages.
He is a man.
Who is ready to kill his father when he learns that he had a second wife.
But the father opts to kill himself rather than face his son.
So  Maayi brings his stepsister Lakshmi to live.
He refuses.
When the local MLA comes for support.
The MLA loses the election.
But his son   marries Lakshmi.
Who admires Maayi.
Meanwhile Bhuvaneswari  Maayi s sister s daughter   wishes to marry him.
Who comes.
Revealing his sad past  Maayi tells her.
He can never think.
Later Meena was forced to married another guy.
But the guys family misunderstood and stopped the marriage.
Meena and Sarathkumar are lovers.
Sarathkumar married Meena.
<EOS>
One summer arrives to help the Duke and Duchess with the construction of their new summer house.
Thomas challenges Spencer to a contest of strength  taking heavy cargo around the island.
Thomas s brakes fail.
He runs out through an overgrown  abandoned line.
There  Thomas finds Patchwork Hiro  an old abandoned engine.
Hiro does not want to be found out  fearing  so Thomas promises to keep him his secret and work to make Patchwork Hiro Master of the Railway once again.
He will be scrapped.
Later  he s taken for repairs.
Where he finds old parts.
He takes them only to discover.
Hiro s hiding place is dangerously close.
The following day  he tells Percy  and asks Percy to do his own job.
He helps Hiro.
Percy misplaces his own mail trucks and breaks down.
Doing Thomas s job.
Thomas brings him.
The Fat Controller finds out by forcing him to do Percy s work.
Thomas tells the rest about Hiro.
Nobody else to ask.
They all work together.
Thomas and Percy try to find the missing mail trucks.
Patchwork Hiro makes friends  but gradually grows homesick.
The last necessary part is to be delivered.
The Fat Controller accuses Spencer and demands him to return them to Percy.
They hear Spencer s whistle and run.
Thomas and Hiro wait with the last part.
Spencer finds them and gives chase.
Hiro falls apart and is forced to a stop.
Spencer is suddenly distracted.
Thomas moves Hiro.
The Duke and Duchess are furious for abandoning his own work.
Thomas asks to assist him.
Order to keep his eye and to gain the trust of the Fat Controller.
Meanwhile  the other engines visit Hiro to keep his spirits up.
Spencer tries to stop him.
When Thomas finally decides to tell the Fat Controller.
He is foiled.
Collapses. 
He reassures Thomas.
When Thomas explains Hiro s situation.
He would never have scrapped the Master.
The following day  Thomas and Percy bring him.
There  Victor and his assistant  Kevin work together to restore Hiro.
Hiro rescues Spencer.
He s as good.
They work on the summerhouse.
Spencer apologizes  saying.
They are both fine engines and fine friends.
Hiro misses his home island  so the Fat Controller arranges to return home.
A farewell party is held.
Thomas promises Hiro.
Sodor will always be his home too.
<EOS>
The setting is the American Wild West.
The notorious outlaw leader Draw Egan and his gang is chased to his remote mountain cabin.
Where they are trapped.
Egan opens a trapdoor.
They escape.
The posse can overwhelm them.
Egan turns up in the dangerous frontier range town of Yellow Dog.
Presenting himself  he enters the saloon.
The seductive dance-hall girl  Poppy  uses her alluring wiles to entice and entertain him.
He looks amused  then punches and finishes the man off.
When he is challenged to fight.
The townspeople are impressed.
Believing Blake to be a strong and law-abiding man  they want him to be their new marshal.
The reformist mayor  Mat Buckton  hires him.
Who have nearly taken over.
Blake turns Yellow Dog.
Hiding his criminal past.
But  he decides to stay on.
When he sees the mayor s daughter  Myrtle Buckton.
He proceeds to settle down and become a genuinely lawful and respected member of the town.
Then Arizona Joe  a member  shows up in Yellow Dog to make trouble.
He threatens to expose Egan s past.
He tries to make him obey the law and not help him take over the town.
The marshal gives in  but then decides.
The welfare is more important than his romance with Myrtle.
The outlaw keeps his word and tells the whole town.
When he goes.
Is short and brutal.
He then surrenders himself.
The grateful townspeople refuse to hear and offer to keep him in office.
He is also prepared to give up Myrtle  but she tells him.
They begin making plans together.
<EOS>
Kay Brannan is so bored.
She can barely tolerate her family and prospective suitor Elmer.
A traffic diversion brings hundreds through town.
One  Robert Dakin  a socially prominent surgeon from Boston  asks her for directions to a popular roadhouse and takes her there to join in the fun.
Later Bob becomes so drunk.
He insists that they have a justice marry them.
Kay is not quite so drunk.
She agrees  eager from the tedium.
The next morning  Bob s parents like Kay  but are shocked.
Bob  who was to marry socialite Priscilla Hyde  would be so foolhardy.
To avoid a scandal  Bob suggests.
They pretend to be happily married and then quietly get a divorce.
She agrees.
Hurt. 
They return to Boston.
Gradually  they begin to fall.
They still keep each other.
She and Bob begin seeing each other secretly.
When Priscilla returns.
One night  Kay gets a telephone call.
Kay goes.
When Priscilla refuses to let her speak over the phone.
Bob starts the operation  but is not sure  so he lets his colleague Dr Underwood complete the delicate surgery.
He is sober enough to save Jimmy.
Bob feels like a failure.
Kay hesitatingly starts to tell him  but Priscilla calls.
She leaves.
She tells Bob s parents.
She is returning home.
A short time later  the local newspaper mentions.
Bob is rumored to be leaving.
Kay takes a walk and meets Elmer.
Who proposes.
Just then Bob drives up.
He has lost his way and never wants to find it.
<EOS>
California  Farmer Gene Green spies a comet-like object fall to the Earth.
Believing it to be Haley s Comet he goes to find it  coming tent-like structure.
He is at first amused.
He and his dog Pooh Bear are quickly killed.
Meanwhile  Mike Tobacco and his girlfriend Debbie Stone had also seen the comet.
She convinces him to follow it.
Coming  they discover a massively complex interior.
Looks nothing  and a room with cotton candy shaped cocoons.
Discovering  they are nearly captured.
The old man and a friend s remains.
Who coat them as they escape before giving chase with a balloon-animal dog that comes to life.
Narrowly escaping  Mike and Debbie travel to confide in her ex-boyfriend Dave Hanson and his skeptical  curmudgeonly partner Curtis Mooney about the killer klowns from outer space.
The latter believes it to be a hoax  and so does Dave.
They drop Debbie off and investigate the site to find the ship missing.
Coming finds the place destroyed and several filled with the cotton candy-like substance and finally believes Mike.
Meanwhile  the Klowns journey and proceed to garner a supply of townspeople  using ray guns.
Resemble toys to wrap them.
Tricks often turn deadly.
Their tricks seem whimsical and innocent.
The townspeople realize what is happening.
Mike and Dave encounter Slim  one  using a shadow puppet to shrink a crowd of unsuspecting people into the palm of his hand before feeding it to a bag full of baby klowns.
Who look.
It escapes.
Mike can run him down.
Mooney  convinced.
A series makes  he does not realize.
Mooney lock him up.
The threat is real however until it is too late.
Dave returns.
Dave shoots Jumbo several times.
Causes it to spin wildly and explode.
Mike and his friends Rich and Paul Terenzi  notice the town overrun by the Klowns and run to avoid capture.
Who own an ice cream truck they were using to warn people.
Debbie is attacked by creatures.
Then is captured  trapping her in a giant balloon.
When they arrive.
Mike  Dave and the brothers give chase.
Where five had already killed a security guard by plastering him with acidic pies.
Journeying  the Terenzi brothers become separated  meeting two female clowns.
Who sexually harass them off-screen while Mike and Dave find their way and free Debbie from her imprisonment after witnessing one of the Klowns using a silly straw to devour one of the liquidized townspeople.
However a viceroy and supposedly the giant leader  named Jojo the Klownzilla  arrives as a stringed puppet and breaks free from the strings  wanting to destroy the humans himself after the other Klowns flees from the leader  he destroys the truck with Rich and Paul still inside.
Dave starts a battle  called Klownfrontation  Dave shoots at the massive clown to distract him from Debbie and Mike s escape.
They escape and spin before lifting off the ground to leave earth.
The ship begins to coil in.
Dave destroys the massive clown s nose with his badge.
He explodes.
The ship is destroyed.
Having escaped.
Who had gathered.
The Klown s miniature car drops out.
Dave is alive.
They all embrace  having hidden coolers to avoid the explosion.
Paul and Rich appear themselves.
<EOS>
A sting operation to capture notorious arms crosses them.
Dealer Miles Jackson goes awry when the FBI s inside man double.
Miles rendezvouses.
Who has a getaway car.
Officer Danny Fisher and his partner  Officer Hank Carver  are dispatched to help the FBI.
They look at Miles  record and see a surveillance video of him dancing with Erica.
Danny spots Erica.
Miles comes out shooting  wounding Hank.
When they pull her over.
Erica drives off.
Danny pursues.
He take a shortcut.
He pushes a parked boat.
She crashes.
Picking up Miles  gun  he orders.
Them to freeze.
They both run  Erica.
She is killed instantly.
Miles is taken away  he swears vengeance.
One year later  Danny gets a phone call.
Who has escaped.
Danny runs.
Danny s car and house explode  throwing him.
Miles says.
He recovers.
He is launching a game.
The house  the car  and Phil  the plumber were Round.
Who came to fix a pipe.
Danny runs.
Where his girlfriend Molly is.
Molly boards the ferry.
Miles  henchman  Anthony Deluso  borrows her cell phone  preventing Danny from getting through.
Danny reaches the station too late to stop the ferry.
He commandeers a car and speeds.
He calls Hank  tells him  and asks him to call the Department of Transportation and have the ferry stopped.
What has happened.
Danny and Hank arrive.
There is no sign.
He tries her cell phone and Miles answers.
He has kidnapped Molly.
Miles promises.
If Danny does all he says and lives  he will let Molly go.
Danny and Hank follow a series of clues to locate the cell phone.
Miles calls.
Danny has to get to New Orleans Savings and Loan.
Where a fire has broken out.
He must extract two security deposit boxes.
Hank has a lead.
Who helped kidnap Molly.
Danny continues.
FBI Agents George Aiken and Ray Santiago approach.
Danny and he agrees to work to get Molly back.
The Feds tell Danny.
Miles used a prison riot to escape  and that this revenge game is a good opportunity to recapture him.
Danny runs in with the firefighters.
They find the security boxes.
Both have timers set.
Miles calls and says Round.
Has started.
One is a bomb.
The other contains a clue.
Danny has to get.
Miles advises him to use a firetruck.
Danny hijacks a firetruck and races.
A bell goes off.
He reaches the wharf.
Danny throws it.
Where it explodes.
The other box contains a room key.
The room is raided and found empty  save a couple.
The Feds look and see Miles talking with a man named Willie Dumaine.
Danny goes to speak.
Willie shows him.
They took.
A small charge fixed goes off  stopping the elevator.
They ascend.
Danny tries to get the service phone  but finds a laptop there instead.
It plays a video message  telling them they have 60 seconds.
To get off the elevator.
It falls.
Danny climbs and pulls Willie through.
He tells Willie to take his hand.
He climbs the shaft wall.
However  the bomb explodes  sending the elevator and Willie plummeting.
The crash pops loose a gas line.
Danny follows a series of clues to a bus  wearing a bomb underneath her jacket.
Where he finds Molly.
Sitting nearby is Miles.
He pulls out the wire.
Danny is wearing.
The Feds hear his voice and realize.
He is.
Aiken orders snipers to take position  accepting Molly s death as an acceptable loss for stopping Miles.
Miles shows Danny.
The bomb is connected to a dead man s switch and handcuffs Danny to a bar.
He gives him an envelope.
Danny spots the snipers and pulls Miles and Molly down.
As they open fire.
The bus grinds.
Miles ushers Molly out and escapes.
He tells the Feds.
When Danny is freed.
Hank shows up  and tells Danny.
He has located Miles s henchman  Anthony Deluso.
Santiago approaches and offers his help.
Danny calls the number.
Miles tells him.
There are five numbers.
Danny and Santiago start inputting the numbers.
However  they run out.
Danny dials one randomly.
Miles answers and tells him his call disabled Streetcar 907 s brakes.
Danny and Santiago drive off.
They drive.
A couple failed attempts to stop the streetcar.
They jump out.
The car slams  shutting off electricity for the whole neighborhood.
Danny and Santiago then run  clearing people out of the way.
It can slow.
Hank finds Deluso next to an anti-personnel mine planted by Miles.
It explodes  killing Hank and Deluso.
Danny gets word.
Aiken tells him.
He has been obsessed.
Aiken failed to recover  was used to shoot down a passenger plane.
Aiken admits  but he has hurt.
He had forgotten that his debt is not about Miles.
Those he is going to hurt.
Miles calls and says.
Molly s bomb can now only be disarmed.
He tells Danny to pay a visit.
Danny  Santiago  and Aiken get.
Chuck Jansen  another detective  calls Danny to tell him.
All five numbers were rigged to the streetcar.
Moreover  Miles had cameras monitoring the elevator shaft and set off the bomb five seconds early.
Danny realizes.
Willie s death was orchestrated and not just a chance casualty.
Santiago does a check and finds.
He had a second job.
They think back.
When the gas line came loose.
They evacuated three city blocks.
Recalling next the streetcar  they realize.
Miles was leading them to take out the power.
Homeland Security comes in to move the unprotected cash.
Miles s grudge was only a cover for him to use Danny as a pawn in his scheme to steal this money.
Aiken tells Santiago to lock down the Mint.
He and Danny go.
Danny realizes.
They drive.
Miles wanted him to use the firetruck so that he could later steal it  since only emergency vehicles are allowed.
He turns the car around  explaining.
Round 12 must be a wild-goose chase  since Miles needs Molly  a nurse  to help him escape.
Meanwhile  Miles  dressed  uses Willie s card and a false name to gain entrance to the Mint.
There he kills all the guards and dumps into the sewer.
He emerges  and uses the firetruck s hose to siphon out the water and cash.
Using Molly s ID card  he reaches a Medevac chopper  transporting the money inside a bodybag.
He tells Molly to pilot the chopper.
Danny and Aiken race.
Molly takes off.
Miles shoots  wounding Aiken.
Molly hits him  giving Danny the opportunity to reach the chopper and leap on.
He and Miles fight inside.
Molly flies.
Danny disarms and defeats Miles.
He activates the touchphone-bomb and throws the switch away  leaving 30 seconds.
Danny and Molly jump out.
Miles is left.
<EOS>
The Cattlemen s Association has called to find cattle rustlers.
They get Tex Riley to pose.
Stony can arrive posing.
This gets Stony.
He alerts Tucson and Lullaby.
But Hartley is.
He joins the posse.
Will do away.
<EOS>
HS Rawail s cinematic version  starring Rishi Kapoor and Ranjeeta  does full justice to this enduring tale.
It has the intense pangs.
Lie by its lead actors as they bring Laila and Majnu alive.
The icing  literally  is the amazing musical score.
Was composed.
Hence the baton was carried forward  seamlessly.
To recount the story  Laila and her lover Majnu  better known  were born to rival clans  the Amaris and the Sharwaris.
The two loved each other.
Their love was such.
If one was hurt  the other started bleeding.
The film recounts.
The maulvi asks them to write the name of Allah on their slates.
Qais   inscribes her name instead.
Who is lost.
An incensed maulvi canes him on the hand.
But it is Laila s hand.
Starts bleeding.
Incidents  spread like wild fire and Laila s father  scared for his daughter s reputation  decides to stop her from going to school.
The two clan heads decide to separate their children.
It is impossible to conceive of the Sharwaris and the Amaris ever being joined by love instead of blood.
Lalila and her Majnu grow up.
Many years later  Qais and his friends visit.
Laila s town to buy camels and the stage is set to meet again.
They encounter each other.
It is love.
They start meeting each other secretly  all over again.
But the villain makes his entry.
He has already had a spat  with neither knowing the other s true identity.
Follow. 
Qais  avenges his father s murder by killing Tabrez.
He is exiled about in the dunes  like a madman  thirsting for just a look of his beloved.
Meanwhile  Laila is married off.
Learning  he promises to keep his distance until such time.
He is not able to replace Majnu.
He is unable to understand the almost divinely ordained love of Laila and Majnu.
It is too late.
When he does.
The film was written.
<EOS>
Coco Chavez and Junior Armstrong are two small-time criminals.
Who make money.
They attempt to break by kidnapping a computer genius and holding him for a $ 4 million ransom.
To help them  they enlist Lizard Browning and Ruben Rubenbauer.
Who provide firepower and technology.
However   they accidentally kill the young wife of Louisiana Senator Hornbeck.
Racked  Coco and the group are pursued by veteran Federal Bureau of Investigation agent Sadie Hawkins and grizzled New Orleans detective David Friedman.
The two combative officers enjoy showing up one another.
Coco and Junior also have to deal.
It appears.
The plot unfolds.
The murder may not have been entirely accidental.
Detective Friedman s suspicions are raised.
When Senator Hornbeck threatens the detectives.
The group faces betrayal from within.
<EOS>
A British officer serving  is forced to confront his murder of a brother officer fifteen years earlier.
<EOS>
Molly Gunn is a carefree and fun-spirited girl  living.
Her father was a popular rock-and-roll guitar player.
Who died when she was a little girl.
She meets Larraine Ray Schleine  a hypochondriac and uptight young girl in a bathroom.
Ray turns out to be the daughter.
There she also meets an ambitious Australian singer Neal.
Who is trying to get Roma to sign him a record deal.
Molly immediately falls and invites him to her apartment after the party.
Molly shows an amazed Neal the collection.
When.
Her father left behind when he died.
Bored.
Includes owning a pet pig named Mu  eating Pez  speaking French  and various other oddities.
She does not give up.
She is left.
When Molly s accountant vanishes.
She needs to find work.
Order to survive.
But she has no previous experience or skills.
She moves.
Who tells her that in order to stay  she must find a job.
She is hired to be Ray s babysitter.
Ray   lives.
It turns out.
Who is too busy to pay attention to her.
Ray s father is.
Ray does nt seem fazed.
Ray is extremely rude and tardiness.
When they first meet.
The two get.
They wash the dishes  which leads.
She is stopped.
Who says When you work.
When I say you can leave.
Molly informs her.
She does nt work for her  that she is employed by her mother.
Ray responds.
Because  she is technically working for her.
Molly yells.
She quits  and angrily storms out  giving herself a bloody nose as she slams a swinging door.
Ray attempts to maintain order by stifling her emotions - she often quotes Mikhail Baryshnikov  Fundamentals are the building blocks of fun.
She even feels this way.
When the class begins dancing freestyle.
The day  Molly meets Ray at one of her ballet classes  apologises for her behaviour and asks for her job back.
Molly gives Ray her pet pig Mu.
Molly attempts to show Ray.
To have fun  which at first causes them to fight.
The two go.
To find out that it is closed.
That night   Molly tells.
They ride back home.
Ray about the night her parents died.
The two get.
Ray goes.
Which Ray accuses her.
Molly begins to talk shortly after her parents  death and round over and over again.
Which she ran away and sat down in the Spinning Teacup ride  spinning round.
Molly begins crying and tells Ray.
She had hoped they could go together.
Ray holds Molly.
She cries.
The two fall asleep.
The next morning  Molly wakes up to find Ray gone.
She sees Neal there.
When she looks in the kitchen.
She finds out.
He is sleeping in order to get a record deal.
Later  Molly learns.
Ray was.
She advises Ray to share her life  telling her about a show.
She once saw.
Ray does this  telling her comatose father all.
The next day  Molly arrives.
Ray s father is gone.
She learns.
He had died that afternoon.
Devastated  Molly rushes to offer her condolences.
Ray is disturbingly emotionless.
Calmly orders Molly to leave.
Later that night  Molly is called.
Where she is informed that she is fired.
Molly begins to criticize Roma with her daughter  saying  give her respect  you give her.
She does nt.
Whatever she asks so that you do nt have to deal.
She then asks Roma.
She knows certain things  such as what stage she is at in ballet  or how she likes to drink her tea.
Molly tears up the payment  and angrily leaves her office.
Roma had given her.
Neal tries to get back together  since leaving her  he has nt written a single song.
But Molly refuses to be.
She now sees how selfish he is.
She auctions her father s legendary guitar collection.
The whole collection is bought.
Days later  Molly gets a call.
Who tells her that Ray is missing.
Molly searches desperately and eventually finds her in an amusement park sitting in the Teacup ride.
The two ride the teacups.
Afterward   Molly tries to comfort her.
Ray vomits.
Ray at first reacts angrily and violently.
The two end up embrace.
Later  Molly attends Ray s father s funeral.
Where she reconciles  and sees that Roma is taking more of a part in Ray s life.
She requests to speak alone.
Ray comes out to meet the rest at the funeral.
Molly tells Ray.
They talk.
They are going to be best friends.
Ray says.
Grown-Ups are never friends.
Molly applies and gets positive reactions from them.
She attends Ray s ballet recital.
Ray wears the tutu Molly made for her.
Neal makes an appearance  singing Molly Smiles  a song.
Molly s father wrote.
He plays.
He sings.
Some hold his other guitars  proving.
They dance.
Neal was the one who bought the entire collection.
Ray does a freestyle dance  much to Molly s amusement.
The scene fades.
The credits roll  Every story has an end.
A voice is heard.
But  every ending is just a new beginning.
<EOS>
The film opens.
His staff Albert and Harbottle enter.
Harbottle ruins the broadcast.
The next morning  Dudfoot decides to find some crime and finally comes up.
Their plans fail.
What is more.
Dudfoot hits a motorist.
But they discover.
He is their Chief Constable.
Albert decides to wreck the chief s car  making.
It look like he had a crash.
Dudfoot then suggests driving it to make it look more believable.
He crashes it.
It backfires.
When the trio tell the chief he had a nasty road accident.
The chief remembers the incident.
The Squire then claims.
He witnessed the accident  saving Dudfoot  Harbottle and Albert.
The Chief leaves.
Harbottle makes up a story when questioned about his old looks.
Dudfoot states or else their police station takes him.
They need to arrest a criminal soon.
Will be closed down and Harbottle.
The coastguard stops them and tells them his brother.
He agreed was still alive.
If he could see the light he d know his grandmother.
Unknown  this is connected to the smugglers.
Later Albert suggests.
They should capture some smugglers.
Dudfoot comes back.
Who is carrying a keg.
Albert and Harbottle say.
They have nt taken their keg down yet  therefore resulting in two kegs of liquor.
Albert s girlfriend Emily screams and passes out.
She claims to have seen a Headless Horseman.
Later Albert spots the Headless Horseman too.
They are scared away by the Horseman but Harbottle manages to tuck away a small package.
He found.
Back  the Chief Constable phones them and informs them about the smuggling taking place and tell them to find the navigational light.
The smugglers are using.
The three policemen brush off the idea.
The coastguard is involved.
A warning note to keep their noses out is wrapped around the stone.
Is thrown.
A ticking sound is heard.
They find pocket watches inside.
Harbottle then recites a rhyme.
Tells the legend  although he does nt know the last line.
His father does.
So the trio decide to pay him a visit.
Harbottle s father reveals the line thus also revealing the place  the Devil s Cave.
Where the smuggling is taking place.
The trio investigate the cave  follow a tunnel and discover many barrels.
Seemed to belong.
They figure.
They are.
They are confronted.
They decide to call the Chief Constable.
Who reveals he is the leader.
The smugglers lock the trio in their own cell and escape deciding to give chase in their car.
Their car is also wanted.
The other police agents think they are smugglers as well.
The police agents finally capture the smugglers.
The Chief Constable asks the Squire.
He has seen him before.
The Squire denies this.
Dudfoot then reveals the story.
The trio be arrested.
Dudfoot punches.
The Chief Constable and the trio run as fast as they can along the race track away.
<EOS>
Rafi is a recently divorced  37-year-old career woman.
Who becomes romantically involved.
Rafi shares all her secrets.
Who   is David s mother.
Lisa  supportive  discovers the connection and finds herself not only faced with the ethical and moral dilemma of counseling David s girlfriend.
Also the reality is involved.
She feels differently now that she knows her son.
Lisa consults her own therapist.
They decide.
It is to continue treatment  as long as the relationship remains the fling it appears to be.
However  Lisa soon realizes.
The relationship is serious  and tells Rafi that she is David s mother.
Feeling embarrassed and betrayed  Rafi ends her treatment.
Their differences causing problems  Rafi and David break up.
A couple later  David is enjoying a night on the town with his best friend  he gets drunk and ends up sleeping with Sue  Rafi s friend from work.
The same day   David and Rafi start seeing each other again.
They also try to make the relationship stronger.
The rift is patched up   to.
Rafi brings up the possibility and David having children.
Lisa reacts strongly.
A few days later  Rafi discovers.
David had slept.
David and Rafi fight.
David goes to seek Lisa s help as both his mother and as a therapist.
She advises him to do.
What he can to keep the relationship  because it was that Lisa was able to understand David s career as an artist.
David goes back to apologize and offer to give her a child.
That is what she wants the most.
Rafi realizes.
Deep David s love must be to make such a sacrifice.
Ultimately  they both realize.
They break up.
A year later  David and his friend are leaving a restaurant -- the first restaurant.
Where he and Rafi had a proper date.
Going back to retrieve his forgotten hat  he spots Rafi.
She does not see him  he gets his hat  rushes out the door  and hides.
He defrosts the glass a bit to watch her.
She turns around and sees him.
They share a smile.
<EOS>
The story involves a group.
Who attempt a daring daylight robbery.
However  the criminals are forced to improvise.
When their getaway helicopter crashes and sets a deadly fire.
Is a former security guard.
Who is the only person who can stop the heist and save the innocent bystanders who are trapped.
<EOS>
His Concern A man is attracted.
He gets off the train.
Though it s not his stop.
He gets her phone number.
A few days later the man plans to meet the woman.
I m Right Here Hye-rim waits.
Hiding  to give him a surprise.
Hyeon-woo always worries.
But Hye-rim worries more.
He will be left alone soon.
The 33rd Man are having difficulties because of their stubborn and demanding director.
The charismatic Hwa-ran transforms Mi-jin to seduce Director Bong.
Is My Beginning Jeong-ha s husband Jae-in has just died in a car accident.
She then discovers.
He was having an affair.
Na-ru comes and asks to live with her  promising to atone through unconditional devotion.
Believe are all high school students and close friends.
None are certain about their relationships  so they decide to exchange partners for 24 hours.
<EOS>
This is a musical twist.
Prince Edward returns home after being sent to meet the princess Selena.
Whom his parents have arranged to marry.
However  The Prince reveals he was visiting  and angrily denounces arranged marriages.
He did not propose.
Edward decides to tell his parents.
He wants to marry.
They  however  are more interested.
They fail to sway the prince  however.
Meanwhile  Cinderella.
Her father was buried.
Who treat her harshly and cruelly.
Cinderella finds some comfort.
She inadvertently stumbles upon the prince  and his friend John.
Who are visiting the crypt.
The Prince sardonically talks.
Whom he will one day be buried.
Back  the King of Euphrania is advised.
A marriage and a Princess from one of Euphrania s neighboring countries would help prevent war.
A ball is seen to help Edward choose his bride.
The Prince hates the idea.
His cousin Montague is delighted.
Edward has no choice.
When news arrives that the country which is home intends to make war on Euphrania.
To accept.
However  less than half the princesses accept the invitation  so the local nobility   are invited.
The Stepmother and Stepsisters demand.
Cinderella sew all three elegant gowns for the ball from the fabric of their old dresses.
Cinderella has no idea.
What to do.
Creates three beautiful gowns.
Luck would have it a fairy godmother  who has a talent.
That night  the Stepmother and Stepsisters depart.
Cinderella s Fairy Godmother returns and informs Cinderella.
She too can go.
A coach and horses are magically prepared.
Cinderella is sent off.
The magic can only last.
It is love.
When Cinderella and Edward meet.
Cinderella races away  leaving only behind her glass slipper.
Edward sends his servants out far and wide.
Who fits the glass slipper.
The search turns out.
Edward builds a monument and hopes.
One day his lost love will turn up.
John is also suffering - he is in love with a noblewoman.
His position forbids them to be together.
Finally  frustrated  Edward breaks the monument  tossing the slipper into the woods.
Where Cinderella finds it.
Cinderella and Edward meet again and head back.
They are greeted.
Edward asks the permission to marry Cinderella.
She gives full permission.
Only to get Cinderella.
Cinderella tells her Stepmother and Stepsisters.
She forgives them.
Edward and Cinderella go before the King and Queen.
Something seems to be troubling the King.
The King and Queen find Cinderella to be charming.
He takes the Lord Chamberlain aside and tells him.
There is no way his son.
Cinderella  a non-royal  can be married.
The Lord Chamberlain conveys this  explaining also.
A military alliance must be established with one of the neighboring kingdoms.
Order to protect and to secure the safety and future existence of Euphrania.
Along it is also explained.
She will have to be exiled that very night.
Brokenhearted  Cinderella asks the Lord Chamberlain to tell Edward.
She never loved him.
She knows that Edward will try and find her for her.
Edward  knowing  agrees to marry whomever.
He s fighting a losing battle.
The King and Queen choose  but says that his marital duties will go no further.
Cinderella  living peacefully  still thinks of Edward.
Her Fairy Godmother arrives and asks Cinderella.
She is nt as Edward is getting married that day.
Cinderella  surprised  asks.
Who Edward is marrying.
The Fairy Godmother does nt know but plans to set things right.
Back   everyone is surprised.
The wedding is taking place.
When Cinderella shows up.
The King interrupts the wedding and he.
His council meet.
The fairy godmother joins the discussion and convinces the king to change the law.
That Edward can marry the girl.
Edward s cousin and his chosen bride fall in love at first sight  and marry  thus fulfilling the alliance after all.
Cinderella and Edward live happily ever.
<EOS>
Denis Hopkins seems to have the perfect life  a job  a beautiful home and wife Valerie.
Who is expecting their first child.
One night  Denis and Valerie s home is broken into Ricky Barnes  coldly saying to Denis  ` I m going to let you live.
Who shoots and kills Valerie.
Valerie dies.
Being transported.
The baby narrowly survives childbirth  leaving Denis devastated.
Barnes is sentenced.
Is off the Isle of White.
Denis is not satisfied  considering.
Barnes shows no remorse and openly mocks Denis.
Some time later Denis  alive and well having faked his death  demolishes a police car.
He is remanded and is instructed by his appointed solicitor not to cause trouble  to avoid going aboard ` The Magic Roundabout.
Which if he continues to cause trouble he will be sent  Denis intends to cause trouble  hoping it will send him to Sullom Voe.
Now under the pseudonym John Watt  has been sentenced to two years in a category B prison for many attempted escapes  and is planning another escape  despite his cellmate Ron advising against it.
One night has an emotional conversation with Mick  a guard and friend of Ron s.
Which he finally gives.
One day another inmate and friend irritates an inmate known as Spaz.
Who was an accomplice in the robbery of Denis s home.
Denis  driven  attempts to kill Spaz  but is stabbed in the stomach  Denis makes his way back to his cell leaving Vin to attack Spaz.
Denis returns to fight Spaz  only to find.
Vin has been murdered.
Spaz warns Denis and Ron.
They are next.
Ron blackmails Mick.
Who has smuggled stuff over the years  for the keys to the gates of the prison to assist them in their escape.
The guard begrudgingly cooperates.
Vin was.
Denis and Ron escape and head  taking shelter in a caravan belonging to a friend of Ron s.
Denis returns is now living in his home raising his daughter on her own  Ron seeing.
This asks.
Denis reveals his intentions.
Who tries to convince Denis to stay away  and turns himself.
He is sent.
Where he finds Barnes and threatens him.
One day  Ricky starts a riot and threatens Denis to help him escape  blackmailing him.
Who are being held by Barnes s son Joey.
Barnes  remembering  forces him to fly a Medical plane.
Denis told him he was a pilot.
Back  Ron attempts to speak to Christine but finds Joey holding them hostage.
He forces his way  but is killed after a tussle with Joey  allowing Christine a chance to escape with the baby.
Barnes   believes.
Who was the whole time on the plane.
He does nt need Denis anymore and attempts to shoot him.
Denis disarms him.
Ricky desperately tries to start the plane up again  but his efforts are futile.
He crashes shortly.
Denis parachutes.
He contemplates.
What to do next  admitting he had know idea what to expect  or what to do.
Denis quotes the saying  ` An eye for an eye  leaves everyone blind.
The film ends.
<EOS>
Blush takes place by the new Communist government in China designed to re-educate prostitutes to become contributing members of society.
Two such prostitutes  XiaoE and Qiuyi  have recently been sent by the People s Liberation Army.
Rebelling  Qiuyi escapes and becomes a kept woman for Laopu  she seeks refuge in a Buddhist temple but is cast out.
When Qiuyi becomes pregnant.
When the baby miscarries.
Left  Xiaoe undergoes her ideological re-education and emerges from her ordeal as a factory worker.
Detesting physical labor  she goes on to marry Laopu and has a child  forcing him to steal money from work.
He is sentenced.
When Laopu is caught.
Xiaoe abandons him and her child.
XiaoE ` schild is adopted.
The film ends.
Who had gone on to marry a simple old teahouse owner.
<EOS>
He leaves again.
When Tora-san s infatuation causes family turmoil.
He falls with the teacher s mother.
When he returns.
Who has a terminal illness.
<EOS>
The story is based.
Brief life are shown as the preamble.
<EOS>
Jonathan Wamback starts his daily jog.
He catches the eye of Courtney Henderson.
Jonathan and his best friend Tyler start their first day of high school.
Where Jonathan notices Courtney again.
Four members make a noisy entrance.
The boys are waiting to register.
They waste no time ganging up  mocking and bullying him.
Jonathan steps in to intervene and quickly makes an enemy.
Intrigued  tough girl Courtney leads him away  both delighting Jon and angering Kyle.
Returning home  Lozanne Wamback  Jonathan s mom  encounters the gang members lighting cherry bombs in the park and harassing some small children.
Angered she follows Kyle home and attempts to speak.
But Nora Simpson refuses to believe Lozanne and brushes her off.
Lozanne tells Joe and Jon.
Joe is too busy to listen and dismisses her concerns  saying.
She s taking it too seriously.
The gang members use the basement as a meeting place.
Where it becomes clear that Kyle s mother Nora is about her son  not being appropriate as of the age he is.
Nora is oblivious.
He and the gang members get high and listen to gangster rap music.
What her son is up.
Jon intervenes again.
The gang members harass a younger student.
Afterward  he s approached.
Who profess to be committed.
They come.
Jon impresses them  turning it.
When he climbs up and spray-paints over it.
They notify him that.
He s effectively declared war.
The gang converges on Jon  suckering him into pushing Kyle to the ground.
Kyle complains loudly monitoring the dance.
The policeman refuses to listen.
The gang started the fight.
He s put and taken home in disgrace.
Jon is frustrated.
His parents refuse to listen.
To make matters worse  Jon is now a marked man.
The Skulls follow him.
Where they rough him up and rip his shirt.
Gord and Jeff break in.
As they re about to attack him.
The Skulls take off leaving Jon with a final threat.
Jon is stunned to see Courtney with Kyle - for the first time he realizes.
They re a couple.
Jon still finds no understanding from his parents.
His father sees only a torn shirt and not the reason the shirt got torn.
The two have words.
Angry and disappointed  Jon escapes.
Where Courtney phones him and invites him to meet her.
Happy agrees to meet her.
But he walks.
Courtney s call was a ruse to lure him.
Where the gang is waiting.
To make things worse Gord has painted racist remarks in the park washroom.
The gang jumps.
It was done.
They close in.
He is hit and knocked down.
Jon manages to escape and runs down the street and between two houses  only to find himself trapped.
The gang closes in and begin a frenzied attack.
He is kicked again and again.
Finally a frightened Trevor urges them to stop.
Jon somehow manages to stumble home.
Returning Jon s parents find.
Him semi-conscious and call the ambulance.
Forward several hours  Jon has undergone brain surgery.
Joe and Lozanne try to make sense.
Has befallen them.
The medical staff explains Jon s condition.
He runs.
Joe starts to realize the severity.
Notices looking are posted around the neighbourhood.
Eventually Kyle is taken.
Nora ca nt accept Kyle s involvement and is belligerent and defensive.
She insists.
He was nt involved  complaining and threatening to sue.
Joe is incensed.
When the police inform him that they wo nt tell him the identities.
A nurse tells Lozanne.
She must learn how to maintain Jon s tracheotomy tube.
He brushes her off.
When Lozanne tries to get Joe to come and listen.
A scene ensues.
She tries to make him understand that the only thing they should be worrying about is Jonathan s condition.
The judge lets the cocky  unremorseful boys out on bail pending a trial and sets a curfew for them.
He rages.
When a reporter approaches Joe.
His attackers are still free.
The Crown Attorney warns him.
The Young Offenders Act prohibits him.
Lozanne and Joe are thrilled.
Jon is still.
When he starts to breathe.
But now they must face the realities.
His muscles will atrophy  that he must be medicated to maintain his body temperature  that he must learn to speak again.
Lozanne and Joe establish a routine - participating in his physical therapy  washing and tending his broken body  talking to him.
Though he does nt appear to hear.
Their love and complete dedication to helping him recuperate slowly starts to heal their fragile relationship.
Joe lobbies to have the Young Offenders Act rewritten to impose harsher penalties.
Jon slowly starts to emerge.
The gang s defence lawyers start to portray Jon.
Who provoked the gang members.
Incensed  Joe has trouble keeping his emotions and is warned by his lawyer to cool it.
When dealing.
Gord continues to hide the fact.
It was he who wrote the slurs  not Jon.
Now  Jon starts the painful physical therapy necessary to recuperate.
Lozanne  Joe  Toby  and other friends spend hours at the hospital helping him on the long  slow road to recovery.
Finally the day comes.
When Jon can return home.
Now Jon has a whole new set - from climbing the stairs to receiving anonymous hate mail.
The judgment comes down - Trevor is freed.
Kyle and Ice Man are found guilty.
Ice Man is remanded into closed custody.
Kyle is allowed to go free.
However  the victory is a hollow one  the media still infers.
Jon wrote the racist graffiti.
He is still haunted.
Gord finally visits Jon.
The attack and the truth emerges that he wrote the slur that was used.
Finally  Jon decides to return to prove.
He s no longer a victim.
Kyle and other students are shocked at the reality of the physical damage inflicted upon Jon.
<EOS>
The film tells the story and their adventures in a house.
It begins.
They then notice the house nearby and enter it.
They arrive  and begin to play there.
The house s African-American housekeeper has finished preparing a meal.
The film switches its focus to one particular kitten  and eventually ends up on a piano keyboard.
Who is chasing a feather.
The kitten starts to play.
The feather lands with the kitten presses and the then-revealed pianola begins to play  ironically it is playing a variation of Kitten On The Keys a song composed by Zez Confrey in.
The other two kittens rejoin the first.
The kittens leave it and are caught.
When the pianola finishes its song.
She is stopped.
She prepares to throw them out.
Who decides to adopt the kittens.
<EOS>
The story takes place.
Features a joust competition and the black knight  Sir Cumfrence with a sportscaster-like announcer calling the action of the battle.
The prize is the right to marry Princess Esmerelda.
Sir Loinsteak is knocked out  leaving his sappy yet clever squire  Cedric  to take his place in the tourney.
Cedric s clever and unorthodox improvisations tip the scales.
Sir Cumference dominates the inexperienced simpleton early on.
Sir Cumference collapses from exhaustion and Cedric wins by default.
Princess Esmerelda leaps with glee  Cedric soaks in the crowd adoration.
A serf nonchalantly pushes Sir Cumference.
<EOS>
Joe Jinno  a Navy SEAL  is sent to Tokyo to assist Det.
Who is.
Aguri Katsuragi stop the distribution.
Katsuragi ends up and loses against Kenjin s 1 fighter  Lee.
An attempt to stop the drug lord Rai Kenjin fails.
Joe wants to seek revenge and needs the help and Ken  a young underground rebel  to exact revenge for Aguri and stop the circulation of Blood Heat.
Whose father was one a victim.
<EOS>
Margit Flieber is  has two children and has been divorced twice.
She works.
Where she is well respected.
Margit has a shy and repressed personality due.
Margit became a nurse.
Realizing she starts her studies.
This vocation is not really.
She falls with the lecturer Bachmann.
Who becomes her first husband.
The marriage fails.
She enters a second marriage.
But her new husband is a disappointment.
This second marriage also fails.
She now decides to find her third husband herself and not leaving it up.
She choses Hrdlitschka  a colleague  and wins Hrdlitschka as her third husband.
She is successful.
<EOS>
Madhava Menon is a well respected retired police officer.
Who had two daughters  Meera and Meena.
Narasimhan.
IPS  an efficient police officer  married Meera and Nandagopan  a kerala policeman.
Who do home works well efficient.
They all lives very happily.
The state legislative election announced.
There happens a twist.
The leader dig out an old case inorder to trap another leader in the opposition party.
The case begin to grow rapidly.
The press and media people came.
He was.
When the boy died.
He told.
He killed the boy.
It was a surprise.
Son-In-Law s.
Soon he was arrested and put.
Narasimhan and Nandagopan joins hand and search.
They are sure that their father did not do such a thing.
Also  they doubts.
He agree the crime to save some one else.
Narasimhan and Nandagopan finds the original culprit and prove the innocence of Madhava Menon.
<EOS>
This is the story.
Who believes.
This does not find any favor.
She decides to leave him.
But he persuades her to come back.
He decides to relocate and not cause any more trouble.
He has a skirmish with the a princess Rajkumari Seema and food grown in the fields.
Who he teaches a lesson to respect the poor.
He lands a job  and immediately gets in to the bad books of Prem to.
When he arrives.
Whom the Rajkumari is engaged to be married.
The Rajkumari also decides to teach him a lesson.
She suffered.
But things work out differently.
Ashok ends up saving the life.
She falls with him.
This jeopardizes the plans.
Rajkumari s uncle has.
A horrifying scheme is concocted to stop the love and possible future relationship.
<EOS>
Ex-boxer Kevin Kid Collins is a drifter and an escapee.
He meets Fay Anderson  a widow.
Who convinces him to help fix up the neglected estate her ex-husband left.
Uncle Bud talks them.
The ex-fighter must make decisions and.
What is right.
<EOS>
A Texas ranch owner is trying to move her cattle to market in Kansas to sell them.
A Confederate veteran becomes involved and learns.
She wants to use the money to help the South continue fighting.
She is harassed by corrupt Union Army officers and carpetbaggers.
<EOS>
Bugs Bunny is taking his morning shower  singing April Showers.
When the water stops flowing.
The supply has permanently dried up.
Beavers are responsible  and climbs up the waterfall.
The beavers turn out to be the villainous Blacque Jacque Shellacque.
Who has built an illegal rock dam.
Bugs demands Jacque explain.
What gives him the right to build the dam.
Jacque responds This.
Bugs next asks Jacque.
What would happen if certain rocks become loose.
Jacque laughs off removing a tiny rock   but removing.
It dislodges the dam.
Later  Bugs resumes showering.
Jacque has built a replacement dam.
Jacque expects another sabotage attempt  and thinks.
He s still one step when he spots what he believes to be a phony shark fin in the impounded water.
The shark is real  however.
Bugs saves Jacque.
Still later  Bugs has resumed showering again.
Jacque has built an even bigger replacement dam  and gloats from above.
Unintimidated  Bugs turns and quotes Red Skelton s mean widdle kid  He do nt know me vewy well  do he.
Bugs then sends a single lighted stick  but  he also immediately notices a huge raft full of lighted dynamite subsequently headed toward the dam.
Jacque tends.
They explode and demolish it.
Finally fed up  Jacque fires his rifle into the waterfall  thinking.
He s killed.
Nearby  Bugs - - sees.
His record player has been destroyed.
This means war.
Mad  Bugs calmly declares his famous line  Of course you know.
Later  a triumphant has been cut off.
Jacque boasts  but quickly finds his water supply.
Bugs  it turns out  has turned the tables and built a dam  in revenge for the aforementioned shooting of the record player.
An angry Jacque retrieves a cannon and blows the dam apart  only to find another rabbit-built dam.
Jacque blows that one up as well  only to find more dams to destroy.
Finally  Jacque reaches the Grand Cooler Dam.
Jacque tries to blow that dam up as well  but his attempt fails.
He is launched instead and hauled away.
He s not foolin.
Me -- he ll be back  says Bugs as he watches his nemesis being taken away.
Like  uh .
<EOS>
The movie opens.
A reluctant Dex has decided to attend Rick and Maggie.
Dex was the stud of the campus  using philosophy as an aphrodisiac to bed a series of young women.
What will be successful moves.
Syd is back.
Which she is the designer.
His memory is a little more fuzzy.
She remembers Dex.
Dex shares a house.
Who spend their free time engaged variously.
One has met a woman.
The group decides to help him by teaching him their approach to seduction  The Tao of Steve.
Dex has his own relationship problems.
The woman has started to give off signals that she would leave her husband to be with him.
This puts Dex.
He views her.
Meanwhile  Dex is becoming more and more intrigued  with.
Whom he must carpool after his motorcycle breaks down.
Dex is habitually late  often still and taking long hits on his ever-present bong.
When she arrives to pick him up.
Syd is not entirely unreceptive.
But there is a major obstacle to be overcome.
It turns out that Syd was one and the fact that he has completely forgotten about it does little to endear him to her.
<EOS>
Captain S Melly is put during the darkest days of the Second World War.
It s a relief to greet his relief.
Melly is nt prepared.
Forever feigning illness or hiding  the troops are happily getting to grips with each other rather than the enemy.
Most prominent is Private Alice Easy.
Who tries to charm her new commanding officer but only succeeds.
The unit is still a shower.
However  an inspection is interrupted by an airborne attack.
Melly s troop prove.
They are real British bulldogs.
<EOS>
Greg Underwood - now a 35-year-old English teacher in his former secondary school - has fantasies about 16-year-old student Frances.
His politically motivated lessons inspire Frances and Douglas  another student  to plot to overthrow a businessman.
They suspect.
<EOS>
The cinematic translation involves a couple.
Whose relationship is.
Their plans to adopt an injured cat  Paw Paw.
Newsmaker  Miranda July ARTINFO.
Their perspective changes radically  testing their faith in each other and themselves.
When the couple decides to adopt the stray cat.
<EOS>
Silent film femme fatale  Louise Glaum  portrays the role.
Mignon marries.
A young American civil engineer  John Stanley  portrayed.
Stanley is transferred to work on an engineering project in the Sahara.
Mignon and her son  portrayed  join Stanley in the desert.
Mignon leaves Stanley and her son in the desert and moves to Cairo with the wealthy Baron Alexis  portrayed by Edwin Stevens.
Mignon lives and becomes addicted to drugs.
Stanley goes blind.
Mignon later encounters Stanley and her son.
Who have become beggars.
Mignon returns.
The two are reconciled.
<EOS>
The film features many voices.
The documentary describes a world moving simultaneously.
People are resisting those policies and working to forge a very different future.
Government and big business continue to promote globalization and the consolidation.
Communities are coming together.
<EOS>
The film contains four short stories loosely linked together.
A group visit the Philippines and encounter paranormal events.
<EOS>
Sanderson plays Kane  a hate-fuelled redneck.
Who absconds with his sidekicks.
They hole up.
Where harsh epithets are exchanged.
The minister is forced to take action to defend his family.
<EOS>
Jimmy Winterpock always gets teased for being overweight at 188 pounds and only 5 ft.
He writes about it in his journal.
He soon meets a girl named Sable Moore.
Who cuts herself.
They go together.
Eventually  Jimmy begins jogging  with a goal to lose 38 pounds.
Paul Grove  Jimmy s friend wants to catch a killer  Jimmy feels guilty.
He posts a Photoshopped picture as bait.
Paul talks Jimmy.
Later Paul s father commits suicide.
Paul runs away and gets injured.
Jimmy tutors Robb Thurman  the football captain.
Robb tells his teammates not to harass Jimmy any more.
They become friends.
<EOS>
The film starts.
It started.
Which. 
When a beaten Manny depressed to Morales.
He was.
The scene flashes back to a young Manny being experienced as a boxer in General Santos City.
It comes back.
When Manny was hospitalized.
It comes back with his strict mother Dionesia.
Whose having a misunderstanding started his training as a young boxer.
Then it goes back.
When Manny is planning to go back.
It flashes back as a boxer.
Her mother disagrees.
He is too young.
It comes back to the present time.
When Manny and his team arrived.
It flashes back again.
When he went to be a boxer.
He lived in Malabon owned by Polding Correa.
Emong saw Manny and began his dream.
He worked.
It goes back.
When he arrived with his family greeting him even though he lost.
It flashes back.
When Manny began his journey.
He became a professional.
He was undefeated.
He was handled eventually.
He arrived and hired Buboy Fernandez  his close friend as his trainer.
There he learned.
Her parents were separated.
His undefeated streak ended.
When he was.
He learned also.
Emong is using Manny s named.
Emong is now poor.
It flashes back  he was hit and was hospitalized.
When he was a boxer.
He met Jinkee Jamora.
Jinkee had a twin sister  Janet.
Her mother is confused.
Manny and Jinkee married.
Dionesia disagrees.
Manny is the Flyweight champion  he lost to Medgoen Singsurat.
There  he became addicted.
He changed and never used drugs again.
Manny s victories became a hit.
One of which.
When he won.
The scene goes back.
The two had their rematch.
Where Manny won.
The movie ended.
When Manny was given a Hero s Welcome and some clips.
<EOS>
Christopher  a Victorian era American journalist  is traveling looking for Komomo  a lost girlfriend.
Whom he had promised to rescue and bring to America.
Landing populated solely by whores and their masters  he is solicited by a syphilitic tout.
She claims no knowledge.
Christopher has to spend the night  requesting the company.
Who joins him.
Disfigured and disturbed  the girl claims a closer connection.
She tells him.
Komomo was there  but hanged herself after her love never came.
Distraught  Christopher seeks solace.
Falling asleep  he requests a bedtime story.
The girl recounts her past -- her mother  a midwife  was forced to sell her.
Her father died.
Eventually she wound up.
Komomo was the most popular girl there  making the others jealous.
Komomo was tortured.
When the Madam s jade ring was stolen.
-- underarms burned  needles driven under fingernails and into gums -- she killed herself in shame and torment.
Christopher refuses to believe the girl s story.
He pleads.
The girl starts.
Again   her family is no longer happy nor loving  her father was an alcoholic  her mother an abortionist.
She was taken.
Who  presumably  molested her and inspired an obsession.
Her father never died -- she beat him to death for raping her.
Again she tells  but gives a new version of the dark fate of Christopher s beloved Komomo.
Who befriended her.
Komomo was tortured.
She explains  only through betrayal could she sever the friendship and ensure Komomo a deservedly beautiful afterlife.
She intended to save Komomo  as Komomo would be doomed for having such an evil friend.
Christopher  losing control  is desperately convinced.
Something has been left out.
He begs.
The woman then reveals a horrifying secret  a tiny second head -- her Little Sis  a parasitic twin.
Her mother and father had been brother and sister  Little Sis was the fruit.
It was Little Sis.
Who commanded her to kill her father  and to steal the ring.
Christopher is overcome and threatens to shoot her and send her to hell.
The hand begins to talk in a high-pitched voice.
She informs him - a flashback implies.
Wherever he goes  he will be.
He was responsible.
He shoots the girl.
The girl s body turns into Komomo.
The epilogue finds Christopher.
He is fed  and cradles the bucket singing a lullaby  kept company only by the ghosts of Komomo and his younger sister.
<EOS>
Beans and Porky are soldiers and have been sent.
Porky is.
The pig quickly retreats and runs.
When bombs rain.
Where Beans is sleeping on.
Beans gets up and tries to encourage Porky not to be afraid.
A dove comes with a note.
Beans and Porky are having a meal.
The note was a message.
Who is held hostage.
They then set off.
Beans and Porky go.
Looking  they find their general in an enemy bunker  being interrogated and tortured.
Beans makes his move.
He and Porky then rush forward and pick up the general.
The general and the two soldiers attempt to escape using a nearby airplane.
But  their aircraft was shot  causing them to plunge back to the earth.
They can fly far enough.
Fortunately  all three survived the crash and are in a bed at a hospital.
The general is honored.
Injured. 
He awards medals.
<EOS>
Expecting Mary is the story.
Who s had all the trappings.
It s only.
When she finds herself  in a downtrodden trailer park  that she learns the real meaning of love  sacrifice and family.
<EOS>
Randall Thomasson is gunned down.
His brother  Carl  attends his funeral and attempts to make amends.
Who is angry that Carl never contacted her or her father.
Carl decides to investigate his brother s death  and goes undercover.
-- -- has become broken from the inside  all while attempting to protect his teenage niece.
Recruiting Joey Six  and a rather unorthodox janitor  Thomasson turns the school and -- eventually -- the school s auto-repair teacher.
Who is also involved.
<EOS>
The film is set.
Cassavetes is a physician.
Who suddenly comes face to face.
A young man has dreams.
He may be unwittingly responsible.
But the horrible truth is.
An incubus  a sexual demon that preys  is now stalking the town.
<EOS>
Windy  a sideshow barker  cheats a group but is then robbed himself.
Then decide to make him work off his debt.
When the cowboys discover they have been cheated they initially decide to hang him.
He falls with ranch owner Molly and   he wins her heart.
When he saves her life after she is bitten.
<EOS>
Adjeng lives alone.
A writer  she wishes to write short stories for adults  in this  she is mentored by Asmoro - with.
Whom she is also having sex.
Meanwhile  Adjeng s mother handles various aspects  constantly calling her and visiting without giving notice.
This has led Adjeng s friends  Venny and Andien  to tease her.
She drinks too much and vomits  later passing out.
When Adjeng goes clubbing.
She recalls.
She lies.
She had been forced to eat vegetables she had previously vomited.
Later   Adjeng peeks and recalls.
When Andien uses her apartment.
She had observed her mother having sex.
This background  as well as her recollections are worked into Adjeng s short story Lintah.
He says.
When Asmoro reads the story.
It is unrealistic and that readers need a climax.
However  Adjeng insists.
Reality is unrealistic and that not all victims are willing to call the police.
Several days later   Asmoro shows Adjeng.
They are lying.
Lintah had been published.
Adjeng s mother  aware blames everything on Adjeng s father abandoning them.
Is furious.
Upset  Adjeng goes out.
Leaves them.
When the two begin arguing.
She then goes.
Who comforts her.
She checks her messages.
When she returns home.
Of which are.
Venny and Andien  meanwhile  return and think of the importance of children.
The following day  Asmoro sees the businessman  Adjeng s boyfriend  leaving her apartment.
Puts him.
He and Adjeng fight.
Asmoro almost smothers Adjeng before saying.
They are through.
She recalls.
Adjeng lays.
How her mother s lover raped her and how her mother murdered him.
Adjeng watches the people from her past going about life in a residential complex  smiles  and returns to writing.
<EOS>
The film focuses.
Who   cut off the arm of one of their fellow cavers in order to avoid starvation.
Mere moments  however  the entire group is rescued.
Several years later  the caver group has gone separate ways but then one they are killed by having their arm hacked off in the same way as their original victim.
All suspect their original victim and contact the victim s daughter.
Who offers to help find her father and stop the killings.
It is revealed.
The daughter was.
She kidnaps the original leader.
Who came up to cut her father s arm off.
The man is then sealed  mainly  starving to death.
Where he will put by slow torture.
He cuts off his own arm.
<EOS>
Vicky and Cristina visit Barcelona  staying with Vicky s distant relative Judy and her husband  Mark Nash.
A narrator  present  describes the two friends  Vicky is practical and traditional in her approach to love and commitment and is engaged to the reliable Doug.
She is getting her masters in Catalan identity.
Cristina   imagines herself to be a nonconformist  spontaneous but unsure.
What she wants.
They catch a glimpse of the artist Juan Antonio Gonzalo.
Cristina is intrigued at first sight  and grows curious.
When Judy and Mark tell the women that the artist has suffered a violent relationship.
Later that night  the women notice him.
He approaches their table to invite them to join him  in a small plane  for sight-seeing  drinking wine  and sex.
He flies himself.
Cristina accepts the offer almost.
Vicky is unimpressed.
She eventually decides to accompany her friend anyway  mainly to keep an eye and make sure.
She does nt get.
Juan Antonio asks both women to come to his room.
Vicky refuses.
Cristina agrees.
She falls ill before anything happens.
Vicky and Juan Antonio are together.
Cristina recuperates.
He tells her about his former wife and muse  Maria Elena  and their tumultuous relationship.
Vicky s opinion begins to change.
When he takes her to visit his father  an old poet.
Late  they attend a Spanish guitar concert.
Afterwards  Vicky finally succumbs back home.
The next day  Juan takes them back.
Vicky  feeling guilty  does not mention the incident.
The two begin to grow apart  Vicky throwing herself.
Cristina taking up photography.
Cristina quickly moves in.
Meanwhile  Doug unexpectedly telephones Vicky  suggesting.
They get married.
She reluctantly agrees.
He flies to meet her.
One night  Cristina and Juan Antonio are awakened  learning.
Juan s ex-wife Maria Elena has attempted to kill herself.
Juan Antonio brings her.
She moves.
She soon grows fond.
Initially Maria Elena mistrusts Cristina.
Cristina soon realizes.
The ex-spouses are still.
Maria Elena confides.
Their relationship was always loving but unstable because they were missing something  a mystery element.
Maria Elena suggests.
The missing link is  become polyamorous.
Cristina discloses the events to Vicky   and to Doug.
Who appears secretly jealous.
Who disapproves.
Vicky realizes.
She is unsatisfied and is still attracted to Juan Antonio.
She learns.
Judy is also unhappy and confides in the older woman.
Judy   decides to bring Juan Antonio and Vicky together.
Who sees Vicky.
Vicky  however  believes.
Judy   is trying to rewrite her own history.
Meanwhile  Cristina becomes restless and announces.
She is leaving Juan Antonio and Maria Elena.
Maria does not take the news well and breaks down.
Cristina spends the last weeks.
Juan Antonio and Maria Elena s relationship becomes abusive again.
Maria descends back.
Attempting to pair up Juan Antonio and Vicky  Judy arranges.
Them both to be.
Juan Antonio begs Vicky to meet him the next day.
Vicky goes to Juan s home for lunch.
Which Juan tries to seduce her again.
She is.
When Maria Elena bursts in and begins firing wildly.
He accidentally shoots Vicky.
Juan Antonio tries to calm his sobbing.
Vicky shouts  saying they are insane.
She could never live  and leaves.
Vicky confesses the entire story.
When Cristina returns.
Cristina says.
She never knew that Vicky felt that way.
She wishes.
She could have helped her.
Doug never learns.
What truly happened.
Home  Vicky goes back to her married life.
Cristina remains.
Where she started  knowing only what she does nt want.
<EOS>
Chicken Rice War is loosely based.
The Montagues and Capulets are represented by the families Wong and Chan.
Both families run.
Chicken Rice stalls side that the authorities say is impossible  since it s not allowed.
The underlying conflict really knows.
Is. 
What the fight is about.
Audrey Chan is a beautiful  vain and spoilt girl.
Who is the most popular girl.
Fenson Wong is an insecure young man.
Who   is madly in love with Audrey.
Their only common interest is Shakespeare and the version.
They are setting up.
He starts seriously dreaming.
When Fenson gets the chance to replace Audrey s beautiful but dim boyfriend.
<EOS>
The Khitan-ruled Liao Dynasty army succeeded in trapping the loyal Song general Yeung Yip and his 7 sons at Golden Beach.
Yeung Yip and his sons were all killed or captured  except for the 5th son and the 6th son.
Who managed to escape.
The 6th son returned home  but was severely traumatized.
Meanwhile  the 5th son sought refuge in Mount Wutai.
The monastery leaders initially did not consider him calm enough to be a Buddhist monk.
He used his martial arts training to practice with a pole  eventually developing the unique eight diagram pole fighting technique.
Blades were not allowed.
News broke.
When he finally appeared to have put his anger and past.
The Khitans had captured his younger sister  Yeung Baat-mui  who was looking.
Now he must break.
Buddhist vows to save Baat-mui and exact his revenge.
<EOS>
A former prostitute is.
An obsessed admirer systematically slaughters her models and supplies the mistress.
The closer the killer gets to slaughtering his obsession.
The more he kills.
<EOS>
A photo-journalist and his girlfriend are attacked.
Kills her and savagely bites him.
The photo-journalist moves back to live in isolation with his lycanthropy.
His well-intentioned sister invites him to stay to get over the grief of losing his lover.
Things soon begin to go bad   so they decide to fight.
When the family dog  a big German Shepherd named Thor  just ca nt accept the werewolf.
<EOS>
Jonathan Breech is.
When his father drinks himself.
He goes to his older brother Mikey s house at five in the morning to get his father s ashes.
He then goes on a suicidal drive.
He is given a choice  prison for the stolen car or a mental institution.
He chooses the latter.
His room there is small and very near barren.
Wednesdays are visiting days.
When his brother can come.
The recreation room has a TV  cards and velcro-tipped throwing darts.
He is forced to only wear pajamas.
He is an inpatient.
He has three group therapy sessions a week.
There  he meets Rachel  Toby  Nick and Leslie.
He voices romantic interest but leaves the first session early.
Rachel follows him to slap him.
They begin play boxing  but stop.
When she accidentally hits his mouth hard and draws blood.
Jonathan goes.
Rachel follows him and shows an attraction  smearing it on to her throat and chest.
Jonathan is unsettled  but intrigued.
He then befriends Toby.
Who seems to also have a crush.
One-on-one therapy sessions are sarcastic.
He does ask patients to take a pledge not to kill themselves.
Jonathon s friendship starts to gel.
When they sneak out together at night.
Jonathan is surprised to discover Rachel there waiting for him.
Rachel pulls out a razor hidden and cuts her arm.
He is lying.
Seems to intensify her sexual excitement.
He puts a stop.
When the blood drips.
Jonathan has therapy sessions with Dr Figure  and continues to flirt with Rachel  showing a more sincere interest in her.
Jonathan learns.
He hot-wired a car.
Toby caused the death in a car accident.
Jonathan gets into conflict.
Nearly turns violent.
Dr Figure helps.
Him see that he was reckless but that perhaps he is glad to have made it through alive.
The romantic triangle comes.
Toby reads a new poem he wrote and flirts timidly.
Later Jonathan and Rachel chat.
He learns.
A bond deepens.
The friends sneak out.
Toby watches Jonathan and Rachel s energy  and realizes.
They dance together.
He does nt have a chance.
Soon Jonathan and Rachel are seen going upstairs.
Toby is opening up the garage.
Jonathan tries.
She wo nt kiss back.
Rachel starts to kiss back.
The count down begins.
Toby gets ready.
Toby drives off a cliff  killing himself.
The next day  Rachel s father pulls her out.
Jonathan is miserable and worried.
He asks Dr Figure.
What will happen.
Dr Figure responds.
Jonathan needs to decide to value his own life.
Dr Figure tells the guard to allow him to leave.
When Jonathan steals a bike to get out.
Jonathan goes  then to the cliffs.
He finds her there  looking.
Jonathan tells Rachel.
He loves her that he thinks they could still be together.
They walk away together.
<EOS>
The story starts.
It is believed to be the act.
Colonel Balbir Singh Sodhi is asked to investigate this matter.
He ends up discovering.
Minister Veerbhadra Singh is involved.
Colonel Sodhi stages his own death and starts living as Dadabhai / Devraj Hathoda in Mumbai.
Major Ajit Arya is sent to find out the true identity of Dadabhai/Devraj Hathoda.
He joins hands to bring the minister to justice and terminate the terrorist group.
Arya discovers the truth.
Tabu is shown to be a police officer.
Jayapradha is shown.
<EOS>
The story commences on a grey morning with commuters bustling about.
We are introduced  a colourless figure emerging from a metro station.
The man encounters two men handing out flyers.
It is a map.
He shrugs and discards it  returning.
A black cockerel runs out.
He opens the door.
The man sits down to eat  cutting himself a slice.
He discovers an egg concealed.
He cracks it open.
It is empty.
Suddenly the lights go out.
The wind rises.
Objects are thrown.
The commotion ceases  the man goes and looks down to.
Where the two men are staring up at him.
One holds the cockerel.
The man closes the blind and returns.
Where he finds the map.
The next day  he goes.
Indicated and enters a dilapidated building.
The man presses on and descends to a dressing room   a robe embroidered with sigils  greasepaint  a wig with beard and a cap.
Where he finds a charred script.
Sitting down he dresses himself and speaks to himself Faust s opening declaration of intent to follow black magic.
` Faust  finds himself  a performance about to begin.
The opening curtain is signalled.
Ripping off his costume  he breaks into a vault  with the aid of a book of spells  he brings to life a clay child.
Where an alchemist s laboratory is revealed.
Grows horrifyingly before he smashes it.
Warned.
He pleases.
Who give him a briefcase.
Returning  he uses these to summon Mephisto  offering Lucifer his soul in return for 24 years of.
` Faust  is entertained by Comelius and Valdes.
Who provide a fountain from a.
He watches.
A tramp  carrying a severed human leg  is pestered until he throws the limb into the river.
` Faust  finds a key  uses it on a shop-front shutter  and is dragged back on stage by waiting stagehands.
He mimes a scene.
Which Mephisto returns and the pact is signed in blood.
He drowns the entire Portuguese court.
When a requested restaging is poorly received.
` Faust  is distracted.
Whom he seduces.
Lucifer arrives earlier than expected to claim the soul  and ` Faust  rushes from the theatre  meeting a newcomerin at the doorway.
He bursts.
He is felled.
Cornelius and Valdes watch.
A tramp carries away a severed leg.
A policeman checks the car.
It is.
<EOS>
Eleven-year-old Napoleon lives.
He and his grandfather adopt.
A lion named Major when they meet an old clown who can not take him back to Europe.
The old lion has bad teeth and only drinks milk.
They put Major to look after him.
Napoleon asks a young grad student named Danny to help bury his grandfather.
When Napoleon s grandfather dies.
Uncertain runs off with the lion  a pet rooster  and his friend Samantha to try to find Danny  now a goat herder  and so Napoleon can avoid being sent to an orphanage.
Who lives.
The two children encounter many dangers.
Napoleon nearly falls off a cliff.
Major manages to pull him up.
They have to cross a river  being a cat.
Major does not like.
Who s afraid.
The rooster is chased but soon the tables are turned.
The cougar is chased up a tree.
He comes.
Napoleon is out looking.
Chases him back.
Major is too tired and wants to sleep.
Samantha desperately tries to wake him.
But as soon as the lion hears the roar and stands up to challenge his opponent.
The two beasts fight hard.
The lion easily defeats the bear and chases him away.
Eventually the children find Danny s cabin.
He takes them.
Orphanages really are nt that bad.
Danny leaves the kids.
He recently met and attempts to find Samantha s family to notify them.
He is arrested and accused.
He left the kids.
Danny notices a photo of the man.
Who happens to be a dangerous psychopath and escapes to rescue them.
He steals a motorcycle and the police chase him all the way back and arrest the wanted man.
Where they find.
Napoleon takes Major and tries to run away again to live.
When things are back.
Danny catches up.
Danny explains.
The Indians do nt really live out anymore and that Napoleon should give foster care a try with a promise that Major could stay in the mountains and live with him.
Napoleon agrees.
They go back.
Major was a film veteran  having appeared with Mike Henry and the television series with Ron Ely  as well as being used as the MGM logo s Leo the Lion since.
<EOS>
A group at Leatherhead University in search of funding for their feature film The Love Storm end up having to rewrite and make it into a porno.
This leads.
The boys head first that they did nt even know existed and into the life of actress Candy Fiveways.
<EOS>
The film opens meeting a gruesome  supernatural death seven days after watching a cursed videotape.
They die.
When the TV turns on.
C.
A widowed farmer and former reverend  Tom Logan and his clumsy brother George are walking.
When they discover a crop circle.
The circle is part.
Point and spells out ATTACK HERE.
The gang have all gone their separate ways.
Cindy Campbell  now an anchorwoman  announces the crop circles on the news and afterwards has an argument with her boss.
He only wants stories featuring sex  violence and the weather.
She later picks up her paranormally endowed nephew Cody  and is no longer dating Ray Wilkins.
Where her best friend Brenda Meeks now works.
George Logan arrives to pick up his niece Sue.
Who is.
George and Cindy are instantly smitten.
He invites Cindy and Brenda.
Later that evening  George competes proves to actually be quite talented.
But  he is thrown out.
Brenda asks Cindy to keep her company.
She watched the cursed videotape herself.
She gets the rest of the popcorn in the lounge and is killed by the undead girl  Tabitha.
Who emerges.
George receives a phone call.
Tom meets.
Who apologises.
George and Mahalik wreak havoc on Brenda s corpse trying to bring her back to life.
Cindy decides to watch the tape and is also cursed.
She calls George  CJ and Mahalik.
CJ offers.
His Aunt Shaneequa  might be able to help.
Aunt Shaneequa  the Matrix The Oracle  and her husband Orpheus agree to watch the tape.
Shaneequa discovers the hidden image.
Cindy must find to solve the mystery.
She finds.
When Cindy returns home.
Cody watched the tape  condemning him.
Back  Cindy searches through pictures of lighthouses  before finding the one from the tape.
Desperate to save Cody s life  Cindy tries to warn everyone.
She is interrupted.
The Logans hear the message and take it seriously.
They encountered an alien disguised  and President Baxter Harris  who personally visits the farm to investigate the crop circles.
Cindy ventures.
Where she encounters The Architect.
The loquacious old man explains the story.
Tabitha was his evil adopted daughter.
Whom his wife drowned  but not before she imprinted her evil onto the tape.
Unfortunately  he mistook the evil tape and returned it to Blockbuster Inc.
Instead  unleashing the curse.
Returning home  Cindy discovers.
Her station has been broadcasting the evil tape.
There have been various sightings around the world.
Worse  Cody is missing.
Cindy manages to track him back.
Where he has taken refuge.
Tom orders everybody  as he  George and Mahalik go outside to fight off the extraterrestrials.
The aliens arrive  but reveal.
They are in fact friendly and have come to stop Tabitha.
They accidentally watched the tape  thinking it was Pootie Tang.
Cindy realizes.
She finds the well.
Where Tabitha was drowned.
Suddenly  Tabitha appears.
A short fight ensues.
Which Tabitha takes Cody hostage.
Cindy and George appeal  offering her a place in their family.
Tabitha appears to accept the offer.
Cindy replies.
And advances and the others  but is accidentally knocked back into the well by President Harris.
The aliens leave.
Cindy and George get married.
Leaving  they realize they forget to take Cody with them.
The boy gets hit while chasing them down the road.
<EOS>
Patton s decision to use former Nazis to help reconstruct post-World War II Germany  General Dwight Eisenhower removes him and reassigns him to supervise an army of clerks.
Whose task is to write the official history.
S.
Military involvement.
Shortly thereafter   Patton is involved in an automobile accident.
Seriously injures his spinal column  paralyzing him.
Patton plot summary Movie Database President Harry S.
Truman and other government officials   order him transferred to a stateside hospital.
Preparations   are made.
Patton dies.
<EOS>
Story.
Who is.
Previously filmed.
<EOS>
Leopold Kroner  formerly  is released after five years in prison for embezzlement.
Andrew Colby  claiming  hires lawyer Bob Regan.
Kroner has threatened him.
That evening  Regan hears a gunshot and finds Kroner there  apparently trying to kill Colby.
Regan kills Kroner.
When he turns around  pointing the gun.
Regan believes Colby s explanation.
Kroner had become delusional and threatening  until Regan s police buddy Damico lets on that he s suspicious that Regan murdered Kroner.
Kroner s daughter shows up and tries  but fails  to murder him.
She reveals.
Colby had invited Kroner that night and Kroner was of sound mind.
Regan investigates further  getting information.
Regan has a friend impersonate one on the phone to deceive him into providing information about the embezzlement  unknowing.
This associate is already long dead.
Colby uses this situation.
He innocently asks Noel to remove money  then  he kills his associate Charles with a weapon having Regan s fingerprints.
She leaves.
The two are framed for theft and murder  but Lt.
Damico tricks Colby is still alive.
That night Colby tries to sneak down and strangle Charles  only to be caught.
Charles would reveal all.
<EOS>
Captain David OKeefe  seeking his fortune  decides to enlist island natives to harvest copra  but runs into a wall of cultural problems.
Backed  he obtains a ship and sets about harvesting copra.
Fending off cantankerous native chieftains and evil German.
The natives  happy  see no reason to work hard to obtain copra  either for a German trading company or for OKeefe.
He finally motivates them.
To produce large quantities.
<EOS>
The story begins.
Whose representative was Col.
Munro.
Then it cuts.
When Swathi Thirunal is sixteen and takes from his aunt Gowri Parvati Bayi.
Swathi Thirunal s biography is then shown.
He himself has composed.
The movie ends.
<EOS>
The comedic tone was established at the end of the opening credits  This was meant to underscore the fact.
The actual event portrayed was  as stated in its Official Entry Regulations  NOT A RACE.
2012 London - Regulation.
.
.
The story revolves.
Alan McKim  a young barrister and his wife Wendy  drive Genevieve  a 1904 Darracq.
Their friend Ambrose Claverhouse  a brash advertising salesman  his latest girlfriend  fashion model Rosalind Peters and her pet St.
Bernard ride.
The journey goes well for Claverhouse  but the McKims  trip is complicated by several breakdowns.
They arrive very late.
They are forced to spend the night.
Alan cancelled their accommodation during a fit of pique.
They finally join Ambrose and Rosalind.
Rosalind gets very drunk  and insists.
She mimes her trumpet solo Genevieve  before falling fast asleep moments later  to Wendy s great amusement.
Coincidentally  Kay Kendall and Kenny Baker were both born.
Alan and Wendy have an argument.
Alan goes off.
Ambrose turns up.
Angry words are exchanged.
Alan impulsively bets Ambrose one hundred pounds.
He can beat Ambrose back  despite racing not being allowed by the club.
Ambrose accepts the bet -- First.
The following morning   the two crews race back to London.
Each driver is determined.
His car is the better  come what may.
They both resort.
Ambrose sabotages Alan s engine.
Alan causes Ambrose to be stopped.
Finally   both cars are stopped by traffic police.
The four contestants are publicly warned.
They decide to call off the bet and have a party instead.
But  words are exchanged.
Waiting to open.
The bet is.
The two cars race.
But  Genevieve breaks down.
Only a few yards to go.
Its tyres become stuck.
Ambrose s car is about to overtake it.
It drives off.
The brakes fail.
The car rolls a few yards  thus winning the bet.
<EOS>
Max and ` Berto have managed to locate the late Psycho s base.
Max manages to sneak.
` Berto s help.
Once inside  Max finds.
Psycho stole the Imploder  A machine that condenses all surrounding matter.
A hologram appears above it.
Max approaches the Imploder.
It tells Max that   then he  Psycho  is dead.
He is seeing this.
Then tells Max.
He is going to destroy the planet.
Max is about to deactivate the Imploder   androids  similar to the android in Endangered Species  are waiting to be given the order to attack Max.
When Psycho tells him that he left Max some company.
Psycho gives the order.
The androids attack Max  stopping him.
` Berto hacks into Psycho s mainframe  and shuts them down.
Max  extremely weak and low  manages to shut down the Imploder  saving Earth.
` Berto tells Max as well as it used to.
His system is nt holding the transphasic charge.
He continues to tell Max.
Are stronger and more durable.
However  it is incomplete.
He still needs to run a few more tests.
They will be able.
Later  Max is going over a video.
When he is interrupted.
She asks.
If he wants to go  he replies  telling her that outdoors would be nice.
He s had enough adventure.
Max and ` Berto go.
Where Jeff tells them that N-Tek scanners have been picking up.
What could be.
He s unsure.
Elementor  destroyed  is actually dead.
` Berto and Max assure Jeff.
Elementor is history.
It s probably trace amounts.
Max tells Jeff  so he can relax.
He needs some time off.
` Berto says.
He could use that time to monitor Max  biometrics  for the steel nano-probes project.
Jeff allows.
Later   ` Berto is still trying to find a source within Max  so the steel nano-probes wo nt lose power.
Max is out 4 wheeling.
He ca nt find anything.
This may be useful later on.
Later  Max and Kat are sitting.
Kat tries to convince Max to come back.
He declines  feeling.
N-Tek s stance is too strong to leave.
` Berto calls them   and tells them.
Max bursts 10-times the adrenaline.
They will be able to use this.
Max would no longer would need the transphasic regenerator.
Powers up his.
The new steel nano-probes wo nt lose power.
Max likes the idea.
` Berto tells them he ll giver them.
Information after they return.
Elementor   overhears them conversation and invades.
He takes  and goes to the Transphasic Generator in an attempt to use it to reconstitute his physical body.
Max and Kat arrive during this.
They   overhear a distress call over the intercom.
The trio go.
` Berto reverses the power  hoping.
It will reverse the process  breaking up the isotopes.
Instead  it forces Elementor to divide himself.
Max is accidentally hit by some of the negative energy  and shorts-out his.
Max  weakened  is attacked by the Elementor s  and is injured by them.
The Elementor s escape  leaving Max barely alive.
Jeff tells ` Berto to use the new steel.
One tells Jeff  and has no idea.
They re not ready.
What will happen if they use them.
Realizing  ` Berto uses the steel.
Either way  Max will die.
It saves Max  life.
However  it is revealed  and is now dying.
Kat was infected.
The Elementor s  each  and controls only its respective element  work as a team and try to take over the planet.
However  Max  using the new steel Nano-probes  tricks Elementor.
If the world is going be controlled  he prefers to destroy the planet instead.
All the Elementors attempt to kill Max  but instead fall.
Max  ` Berto  and Kat manage to reunite them.
` Berto reconstructs the Imploder.
To only affect Elementium.
The process nukes Elementor and strips all the isotopes  leaving him in his original Bio-Con clone state.
It also takes the Elementium out  saving her.
They imprison Elementor.
Max is still afraid.
He will escape.
Jeff tells Max.
There s no way he ll escape.
The last shot is outside  showing an eagle flying and the sound of Elementor yelling.
.
<EOS>
The film begins.
Mr Bones arrives.
Happens nearby.
He grows older and becomes the bone-throwing prophesier.
King Tsonga  ruler  longs for a male child to be heir to the throne.
He gives up hope.
He remembers fathering a boy decades.
He immediately sends Mr Bones to find the future prince.
Vince The Prince Lee  along with his coach  The Wild Bull  arrives in Sun City for a golf tournament.
A local casino owner places a huge bet.
Wild Bull is injured.
Before it begins.
He quickly recovers  but is held.
Vince Lee plays terribly   and gives him a lucky streak.
He meets the eccentric Mr Bones  who believes him to be the actual prince.
Vince nearly wins the game.
Mr Bones remembers his mission and stops a perfect putt.
Vince retires  but meets a local singer  Laleti  afterwards.
Whom he is stricken.
Mr Bones notices this.
He kidnaps Vince.
The next day  Wild Bull manages to escape and goes on a search for Vince  along with Laleti and her mother.
Enraged  the casino owner mounts a search for them in a helicopter  along with two of his henchmen.
Everyone had gone missing.
They all meet near Kuvukiland.
Mr Bones introduces Vince.
Vince is terrified.
The casino owner quickly locates Vince and Laleti  and attempts to kill them both.
Vince escapes.
He finds Laleti tied with a lion about to eat her.
Overcoming his fear  he chases the lion away.
King Tsonga sees this  and decides.
He does nt want to die.
The casino owner reappears.
Mr Bones   causes the helicopter to crash.
King Tsonga proclaims  but askes Mr Bones to throw his prophesy bones once more just to be sure.
Vince is his son.
Wild Bull arrives.
Mr Bones does this.
It is confirmed.
He is the actual prince.
The film closes watching from Kuvukiland.
Vince Lee  now married  wins the US Open golf tournament.
<EOS>
An American astronomer obtains.
Images are occurring at a pace that can only be accomplished by intelligent beings with advanced technology.
A colleague claims to have been contacting Mars by radio  first through an exchange of mathematical concepts and then through answers to specific questions.
The transmissions claim.
Mars is a utopia.
This revelation leads.
The U.
S.
Government imposes a news blackout  only to reveal much later.
Earth s people can be saved if they return.
Revolution sweeps the globe.
But doubts remain.
An ex-Nazi wants to announce.
Who developed the original communication device prototype.
He has been duping the Americans transmitter high in the Andes mountains of South America.
The mystery thickens.
It appears the messages may have continued even after the secret transmitter was destroyed.
<EOS>
An twelve-year-old boy James lives.
He lost his mother.
The memories still haunt him and make him freeze with panic.
He has not been able to talk.
His father is always away.
He does not want to talk.
One day playing an imaginary game  he breaks her fence.
Maddy demands.
He fix it.
Soon the two become good friends.
Maddy also lost her son Bobby in the Vietnam War.
She tells her experiences.
She forces James to talk and face his fears.
She tells him.
Her son Bobby talks.
James s parents do not like the stories.
Maddy tells James and forbid him.
James becomes distraught.
Meanwhile  Maddy has a heart attack.
James s parents permit him to nurse her back.
Though  she dies.
James becomes reconciled.
Who now talks more.
<EOS>
A Persian merchant gets lost in a windstorm.
Suddenly a spiritual deer appears to guide the man.
Later on  the deer rescues a man drowning.
The man promises not to reveal the deer s whereabouts.
The man reaches an imperial palace.
The king insists.
The man gives in and leads an army of warriors to the spot.
He falls  hoping.
The deer will show up to rescue him.
This time  all the warriors  arrows turn.
The man is drowned.
<EOS>
Assumes responsibility for the property  taking also into his care Eleanor Hunt  the beautiful daughter of the late owner.
Tom is too diffident to express his feelings and propose marriage.
He falls with the girl.
Eleanor is asked to accompany her aunt to Europe.
Two years later  Eleanor returns with condescending airs  accompanied by Denman  her wealthy European fiancee.
Eleanor announces.
She plans to hold the wedding.
Tom s friend  Mack  tells Tom  hoping to instill in him a bit of romance.
Wanting to eliminate any competition  Denman instructs his men to kidnap Tom and keep him prisoner.
Tom is knocked.
He is the fabled Juan  fighting.
Tom frees himself back to the ranch.
When he wakes up.
Where he arrives just to prevent the wedding.
Afterwards  Tom and Eleanor are married.
<EOS>
The original cast is back.
Dalen has finally met the girl.
Christine is everything  sweet  simple  and devoted.
Dalen has ever wanted.
Too bad his future in-laws are anything but.
Dalen  now a college professor  has almost given up on finding an eternal companion in his current singles ward.
Scores get married or already have several children.
His hopes are renewed.
When Christine moves.
They fall.
Christine s parents are very wealthy.
Who have each been married a few times.
Trouble arises.
When they tell Christine s parents plans because Christine s parents ca nt understand why they re not permitted to attend their daughter s wedding in the LDS Temple.
Dalen actually withdraws his proposal.
Order to avoid causing a rift.
Later on  however  Dalen visits Christine s father and explains the importance of temple marriage.
He gives Dalen his blessing.
Christine and Dalen s wedding goes as planned.
Jonathan is making a film based on their experience in the Singles Ward.
They each see the actor playing them.
When Jonathan s friends visit the set.
Dalen is played  Some guy.
Who s been.
Jonathan says.
Discussing making a movie in getting married.
Franchises must be made  but with everyone married the next one would have to be The Family Ward.
Dalen even mentioned this dream.
He had where he was a return missionary and the problems he and Jonathan encountered.
<EOS>
A London stockbroker  Charles Strickland  gives up his career  wife  and children to become a painter.
A writer similar tells Strickland s story.
<EOS>
Cowboy Bob Blake receives a letter.
Blake and his men travel to discover from Jackson s sister Betty.
Joe has been missing.
Meanwhile Jackson s ranch hand is learning to use ventriloquism to make the farm animals talk  and tries to convince the gullible Dusty to buy a talking mule.
Blake discovers.
Jackson is being held.
They killed Joe and Betty s father  and are trying to force Joe to deed the land over.
Blake develops a plan to rescue Jackson.
Where he is being held.
Betty sends Blake s men and is kidnapped by Thorne.
Who then threatens to kill Betty and Joe if they do not sign the deed.
Blake and his men backtrack Betty s horse.
Dusty rides.
A gun battle ensues.
The villains are hauled off  and Blake rides into the sunset with Betty.
<EOS>
The film spends a majority.
The film begins.
A variety emerge from these interviews  demonstrating Wal-Mart s anti-union practices  detrimental impacts on small businesses  insufficient environmental protection policies  and poor record on workers  rights in the United States and internationally.
The film ends.
Have prevented Wal-Mart stores.
<EOS>
Told  the film opens.
Caravaggio dies.
Caravaggio thinks back as a teenage street ruffian.
Who hustles and paints.
Young Caravaggio catches the eye.
Taken ill and of priests.
Del Monte nurtures Caravaggio s artistic and intellectual development but also appears to molest him.
Caravaggio still lives under the roof and paints with the funding of Del Monte.
Caravaggio is shown employing street people  drunks and prostitutes.
He is depicted and is implied to sleep with both male and female models  including the male Jerusaleme and the female contortionist Pipo.
Caravaggio is regarded as vulgar and entitled due to his Vatican connections.
One day  Ranuccio  a street fighter  catches Caravaggio s eye as a subject and potential lover.
Ranuccio also introduces Caravaggio.
Who also becomes an object and a model to the artist.
Each displays jealousy.
When both Ranuccio and Lena are separately caught kissing Caravaggio.
One day  Lena announces and will become a mistress.
She is pregnant.
Soon  she is found murdered.
Caravaggio and Jerusaleme clean Lena s body.
The weeping Ranuccio looks on.
Caravaggio is shown painting Lena and mournfully writhing.
She dies.
Ranuccio is arrested.
He claims to be innocent.
Caravaggio pulls strings and goes.
Himself to free Ranuccio.
He tells Caravaggio.
When Ranuccio is freed.
He killed Lena so they could be together.
Caravaggio cuts Ranuccio s throat  killing him.
Back  Caravaggio is shown having visions of himself as a boy and trying to refuse the last rites offered him by the priests.
Jarman intentionally includes several anachronisms in the film.
Do nt fit.
Caravaggio is.
A bar lit.
Another character is seen using an electronic calculator.
Car horns are heard honking outside.
Caravaggio is seen leaning on a green truck.
Cigarette smoking and the use also feature in the film.
<EOS>
The film opens.
Where its predecessor left off.
Mike flees.
Reggie is trapped inside.
The Tall Man inexplicably lets.
Him go.
Mike s spherical brother Jody persuades a reluctant Reggie to go looking.
Reggie is attacked by a mysterious psychopathic demon disguised as a police officer.
Reggie escapes only.
Later  Reggie rescues.
A woman named Jennifer and takes her to the next town.
They stay the night.
Where Reggie tells her the story.
A disbelieving Jennifer rejects his advances.
Reggie falls asleep and dreams.
Disturbed  Reggie seeks solace and discovers.
She has two spheres where her breasts should be.
The spheres attack Reggie.
Who manages to destroy one but is pinned to the wall by the other.
He strikes his tuning fork and the sphere explodes.
Reggie then dispatches the demon Jennifer before leaving.
Mike  trying to uncover the mysteries  drives through abandoned towns and remembers the last days of his youth before The Tall Man s arrival.
Order to escape his transformation.
The Tall Man appears  assumes control of the automobile  and disappears into a coffin.
Mike drives the hearse.
Where he writes his testament.
Mike passes through a space gate and arrives inside a 19th century  colonial-style house.
He meets someone resembling The Tall Man  however  the man is kind and welcomes him cordially  introducing himself as Jebediah Morningside.
The man tries to speak.
Who flees and passes back.
Back  Mike realizes.
He can move rocks.
Jody appears.
A distrustful Mike accuses his brother.
Jody disappears.
Mike begins working  seemingly using parts to build a makeshift sphere.
Theorizing  Mike plans to prevent Jebediah s first journey.
Jebediah must somehow become The Tall Man.
Mike goes  but finds himself in a deserted city and escapes The Tall Man only with Jody s help.
Meanwhile  Reggie arrives and fights off a group of zombie dwarves.
Before Mike and Jody appear.
Mike embraces Reggie and tells him not to trust Jody.
Taking the tuning fork pass through the gate and appear in Jebediah s house.
Invisible  they witness.
He perfects his craft and approaches the inter-dimensional gate.
Mike unsuccessfully tries to stab Jebediah.
Who vanishes.
Moments later is replaced.
Who emerges  having taken his form and used his human appearance as a disguise.
Mike escapes and arrives in cemetery.
Where he is attacked and overpowered.
Awakening  Jody holds.
Him down attempts to saw Mike s head open.
A panicking Mike strikes the tuning fork  immobilizing his opponents  and attacks Jody.
The Tall Man quickly revives and telekinetically takes the fork.
Again  Mike escapes.
Reggie tries to shoot but is overpowered.
Mike then summons the sphere.
He built and uses it to impale The Tall Man.
Amused.
What he calls Mike s toy.
Mike activates the hearse s motor.
Turns out to be the true weapon.
The Tall Man is once again supposedly vanquished.
The explosion consumes both him and the car.
However  a new Tall Man immediately comes  revealing.
The Tall Man is but one.
Resuming the surgery started  The Tall Man removes the golden sphere before passing through the gate.
Close  Mike pleads and chases after The Tall Man by passing through the gate.
Help himself.
The final image is a childhood memory.
Mike sees.
They both drive off.
<EOS>
Dave and Clarice Johnson have reached a breaking point.
Her mother Mary intervenes.
When Clarice is injured.
The obvious truth is exposed.
More need immediate attention.
Their odds begins to see a physical therapist.
Dave develops a friendship.
The acceptance and comfort Dave finds.
Them stirs his longing.
Sadly  Bryson unexpectedly dies.
Clarice pulls farther away  they must confront.
Whether their vows are or are not easily broken.
Later on  Dave visits Julie.
She calls him.
He comforts her.
They begin.
Dave realizes.
It is Clarice he truly wants.
The couple reunites.
Clarice expresses to him the reasons having such a big input in their marriage.
They reunite.
Dave finds out.
Clarice is pregnant.
<EOS>
Sahi Dhandhe Galat Bande is the story.
Who are given a job which will give them enough money to make all their dreams come true  but to achieve the same they will have to go.
Which they belong.
Goading them on to make this job successful is their boss  Fauji.
Who stands to gain the most and realize his dreams of becoming a politician.
<EOS>
Trevor Howard plays Clem  an ex-RAF man.
Who is drawn after the war.
His psychopathic crime boss Narcy  betrays him.
When he refuses to deal.
He s framed and imprisoned.
The bitter Clem quickly escapes and sets off a country-wide man hunt.
He seeks to avenge his being framed.
<EOS>
Horace and Claudio are two friends.
Who plan to spend a fun weekend.
Are installed  called Lucrecia  a millionaire.
Who is traveling.
A lender is presented  asking.
The two friends had money that they borrowed and never returned.
All comes George  a friend of Horace and Claudio also asks for money.
He gave them a loan because you want to bet.
Urgently need  so they can borrow money and Silvana Marcela to meet its commitments.
The lender will extend the time to pay.
The lender will access only the length.
You ask Aunt Lucretia  which does not know.
The friends decide to dress like Aunt Lucretia Jorge  and get.
What they wanted.
But the lender falls.
Make it impossible to conquer  creating comic situations.
<EOS>
The story begins with the arrival of an important new guest star in Buffalo Bill Cody s grand illusion  Chief Sitting Bull of Little Big Horn fame.
Much  Sitting Bull proves to be not a murdering savage but a genuine embodiment of.
What the whites believe out west.
He is quietly heroic and morally pure.
Sitting Bull also refuses to portray Custer s Last Stand.
Instead  he asks Cody to act out the massacre by marauding bluecoats.
An enraged Cody fires him but is forced to relent.
When star attraction Annie Oakley takes Sitting Bull s side.
<EOS>
The film is essentially a shaggy dog story  leading up.
The vampire is frightened by the Beaver  in his delirium  he begins seeing double  thus seeing two images of the Beaver.
He cries  Split beaver.
<EOS>
Billu is the son.
Mudaliar is much loved and respected.
Billu is almost to every person in the locality.
Billu takes an instant liking the moment he sets his eyes on her at the railway station.
Susi   is all set to stay.
Who has arrived to Chennai.
Who has worked.
Susi   gets impressed.
Who has been craving since young.
The Royapuram residents share.
She is taken aback.
When a Godman predicts that Susi is the one.
She dreads her father and fears.
Things will go topsy-turvy if their relationship blossoms.
But soon  she realizes.
She can not camouflage her feelings and enjoys being in the company of Billu and his friend  when the unexpected occurs.
Susi acts peculiar.
When a long lost friend meets her.
She denies knowing her.
Revathi s attempts to talk.
Feeling insulted  Revathi walks away  much.
Susi   leaves the restaurant too.
Who gets emotionally.
Susi   comes out with the truth to Billu.
Affected called ` post traumatic event disorder  after an accident  Susi has forgotten events.
Happened. 
Billu   learns.
Who takes her.
This condition can be cured.
Susi will not be.
When she does get cured.
Whatever happened and whoever she met.
This disheartens Susi.
She persuades Billu to promise her.
He would never leave her.
If she were to forget him due.
Billu promises her.
He would never leave her  come whatever may.
Billu s conversation infuriates the latter.
He immediately arrives with his goon men.
The residents rise.
When he is all set to leave to Bangalore.
Deciding to play it safe  Chidambaram agrees and cunningly  thrashes Billu after making.
Him arrive far from his locality  at the outskirts.
The helpless Susi travels along.
He gets nothing less than shocked.
When Billu meets Susi.
She fails to recognize him.
But Billu   is not the one to relent.
Who had given a word that he would never leave her.
Forms the rest.
He tries relentlessly to convince her and what happens.
<EOS>
An unemployed young man named.
Deepak saves Aarti Gupta  a hardworking and dedicated doctor.
The two eventually fall.
She is already engaged.
Deepak and Aarti marry.
Aarti s father firmly disapproves.
She moves.
Includes his brother  Niranjan  his sister-in-law  Jaswanti  their three children  and Deepak s father.
That leaves the humiliated Prakash determined to get Aarti back.
Whatever he may have to do.
He manages to bring a discord  so much so.
Deepak asks Aarti to leave.
She returns home.
This is followed.
When Prakash is the only surgeon who can operate.
He agrees to operate.
If Aarti promises to come back and forget her husband.
<EOS>
Willie Bauche  a Hollywood producer  becomes so obsessed.
He neglects her real needs.
Feeling lonely and tired  Ann returns to her native France and finds.
Herself attracted.
He flies and hires assassins to kill his rival.
When Willie hears.
The killers are romantics and decide.
Ann and Marco are so that both must die so they can be together always.
He rushes over to try and save his wife.
When Willie finds out.
<EOS>
Charlie Chan works to clear a man wrongly convicted and scheduled for execution.
<EOS>
Bill is a Woolloomooloo larrikin.
Who vows to abandon his life after a spell in gaol following a raid on a two up game.
He falls with Doreen   but faces competition from a more sophisticated rival  Stor  at Coot.
Who works.
Bill and Doreen argue  but are eventually reunited and get married.
Bill gives up drinking and hanging out and becomes a family man.
He gets an offer.
He and Doreen settle down there.
<EOS>
Purebred rough collie Lad and his owners  Stephen and Elizabeth Tremayne  are visited.
Glure and his 8-year-old daughter Angela.
Who is crippled.
Glure invites the Tremaynes to show the prize-winning Lad.
Lad befriends the girl.
However  Glure is jealous and has rigged one event to have such specialized rules  English-trained collie can win.
He believes only his recently purchased.
Involves directing the dogs.
Glure s champion does not recognize the hand signals Glure makes while holding a cigar.
Later  Lad saves Glure s daughter Angela by knocking her backwards to get her out of harm s way  then fighting and killing the snake  getting bitten in the process.
Her nurse initially does not see the snake  and begins beating Lad.
Distraught  Angela stands and walks.
Lad disappears.
Lad is bred with another prize-winning collie  Lady.
They have three puppies.
Angela is allowed her choice as a present to her.
When they are old enough to leave their mother.
However  Jackson White  a poacher  sets fire.
Lad fought and chased off the property before.
Elizabeth is injured.
All are killed except for Wolf.
Lad later aids.
When he breaks.
Angela is initially inconsolable  and refuses to have anything to do with Wolf.
She changes her mind and accepts Wolf.
He is nearly lost.
<EOS>
The film follows Jack Hopkins  an aircraft designer.
His boss is eager to sell a new supersonic jet plane.
Jack has designed.
The first encounter goes badly.
Tensions only heighten.
Jack is desperate to enter the annual Woburn Abbey steam rally.
His fireman is injured and unable to participate.
Lost the millionaire and joins him  the two soon become firm friends.
When all seems.
Himself is won over.
Fisher and Jack reach Woburn Abbey and enter the rally  to injure his back at the last minute.
Lost. 
When all seems.
His daughter  the skeptical Kathy  appears and joins Jack.
The two pilot the Iron Maiden to first  winning the rally  at the finish line.
Jack and Kathy embrace and kiss.
The Iron Maiden boils over and explodes.
The engine is memorialized though.
When Jack s new jet is named.
Carry Jim Dale and Joan Sims have minor roles in the film.
The veteran actor Sam Kydd also appeared with his then six-year old son Jonathan Kydd.
A Handley Page Victor subsonic bomber features prominently.
A number show the plane in close-up  taxiing  taking off  climbing  flying past and landing with parachute deployed.
<EOS>
The Flintstones and the Rubbles go to visit their children Pebbles and.
Pebbles announces that she is having a baby.
They drive Pebbles and Bamm-Bamm bananas by telling them.
What to do now that Pebbles is going to have a baby  even though they can take care.
Meanwhile  Fred and Barney help.
Bamm-Bamm sell his script  but end up when it is mistaken for a bowling ball.
Big Rock sends his henchmen Rocky and Slick to recover the giant pearl.
Fred and Barney manage to get the tickets in hopes to sell Bamm-Bamm s script.
Fred and Barney encounter Shelley Millstone in hopes to have her.
It does nt go well.
The security guard is called in to eject them.
A chase begins.
They eventually get thrown out.
Meanwhile  Wilma and Betty are designing a nursery Came.
When Pebbles reveals that she is attending the premiere.
Fred and Barney decide to take the advantage.
Rocky and Slick also slip in to get.
Who attempt to get the giant pearl.
Bamm-Bamm mistakes Slick and Rocky.
They are attacked.
When they find Fred s car.
Back  Fred tries to get to Shelly Millstone.
Ends up.
The next day  Pebbles has Fred attend a baby training seminar.
She does paperwork.
Barney attends in Bamm-Bamm s place.
Slick and Rocky follow Fred.
Where Slick and Rocky infiltrate the class.
It soon breaks up.
Ends up.
Big Rock gets impatient and decides to take over the operation.
Pebbles and Bamm-Bamm declare themselves unready.
They were busy.
Fred and Wilma try to get Pebbles to calm down.
She breaks down.
The next day  Pebbles attends a baby shower.
Wilma s mother Pearl also attends.
Pearl sends Fred and Barney to get the baby supplies.
They end up gaining a lot of Maps to the Stars  Homes and decide to take another shot at Shelly Millstone.
Later that night  Fred and Barney sneak and distract the guard dogs.
Rocky and Slick show Big Rock the house.
Where Fred and Barney are staying and mistake Pearl when they abduct her.
The next morning  Fred confesses to.
He lost the script.
They soon return a call.
Who demands the giant pearl.
They are forced to give them the pearl.
They disguise a bowling ball.
When they forget the giant pearl.
Pebbles goes.
They drive a bus.
The bus driver borrowed.
There is a high speed chase.
Attracts the local cops.
Fred finally makes it.
Pebbles is taken.
Big Rock  Rocky  and Slick catch up.
Bamm-Bamm arrives to take them down arrest the crooks.
Pebbles gives birth.
Mr Pyrite manages to get the script to Craig Craigmore.
Shelly Millstone arrives.
Bamm-Bamm allows her to star.
Fred and the others head back  leaving their children and grandchildren in happy harmony.
<EOS>
Sauron s power is increasing.
He has sent his Orcs to seek out the remnants.
Dirhael  his wife Ivorwen and their daughter Gilraen are fleeing.
When they are ambushed on a forest road  and saved by a group of rangers led by Arathorn.
Not having any place safer to go  the refugees go to Taurdal  the village led by his father and Chieftain of the Dunedain  Arador.
Arathorn and Arador ponder the Orcs  motives.
There. 
Gilraen falls in love with Arathorn.
Arador leads his forces on a campaign against the Orcs in the area in an attempt to restore peace to the region.
Meanwhile  he sends Arathorn.
Both are successful.
Arathorn discovers.
The orcs are serving Sauron  who seeks the Ring.
Arathorn and Gilraen receive Arador s blessing to be wed.
Arathorn can not summon the courage to ask Dirhael.
Arador is summoned to seek Elrond s council.
The wedding is postponed.
Arathorn eventually confronts Dirhael  and receives permission to marry his daughter.
Arathorn and Gilraen are married.
A year later  Arador is killed in the Coldfells  making Arathorn the chieftain of the Dunedain.
Gilraen becomes pregnant and gives birth.
Taurdal knows peace.
Elladan and Elrohir come from Rivendell.
Elrond has sensed.
Danger is once again threatening the region.
They request.
Gilraen and Aragorn be brought back for safekeeping  as is the tradition with all Dunedain heirs to the chiefdom.
Orcs attack the village.
Arathorn and Gilraen can come.
They are beaten off  however  many Rangers fall.
Arathorn s closest friend  Elgarain  is mortally wounded.
Arathorn then leads the remaining Rangers.
They are successful.
Arathorn is mortally wounded.
The Dunedain abandon Taurdal and go into hiding in small secret settlements in the forests of Rhudaur   and safety.
The Elven twins  Elladan and Elrohir  bring Aragorn to Rivendell.
<EOS>
Sometime  mercenary Bruce Curry is hired by Congolese President Ubi supposedly to rescue the European residents of an isolated town about to be attacked by rebel Simbas.
But his pressing mission is to retrieve diamonds  worth fifty million dollars  from a mine company s vault.
Curry s subordinates include his friend Ruffo and alcoholic Doctor Wreid.
Reluctantly he also takes ex-Nazi Henlein.
He needs his military expertise and leadership skills.
The Congolese president provides Curry.
The train is attacked by a United Nations peacekeeping plane.
The mercenaries then pick up Claire.
They find her house burned down and husband murdered.
Meanwhile  Henlein   begins to cause trouble.
Who resents Curry s leadership.
The German knows.
Things come could be rebel spies.
When the ex Nazi kills two children who he suspects.
Afterward  Henlein makes romantic advances.
Curry interrupts.
Curry and Henlein then fight an inconclusive duel.
Involves a chainsaw.
Curry is prepared to kill Henlein but is stopped.
Further complications arise.
When the mercenaries reach the town.
Firstly  the diamonds are.
Secondly  Dr Wreid  refuses to abandon his patient.
Who went to help a pregnant woman.
Curry reluctantly agrees to let the doctor stay behind.
Back tick by.
Everyone waits anxiously to open.
The delay eventually allows the Simbas to catch up and begin attacking the town and station.
Finally the heavily-laden train   slowly leaves the station.
Is loaded.
But  a mortar round destroys the coupling.
As it s nearly out.
The last coach and most of the Europeans on board slowly comes to a stop before rolling downhill back into the Simba-held town.
As the rest picks up speed and steams away.
Curry then stops his part.
He and Ruffo lead a raid to retrieve the diamonds.
Using a Simba disguise  Ruffo carries Curry s ` lifeless body.
Its rooms are now full.
They get the diamonds and escape in some vehicles.
Curry leaves to find some more.
When they run low.
Henlein uses his absence to kill Ruffo.
He had the diamonds.
Empty handed  Henlein flees.
He is filled.
When Curry returns to find his friend dead.
He pursues Henlein and kills him.
Curry then returns.
Curry reflects on himself before turning himself in for a court-martial for his actions.
<EOS>
A 13-year-old boy is separated from his parents upon entry to a concentration camp.
He is restrained.
When he tries to get back.
The gates suddenly start to curl.
Though attracted.
A girl named.
Marie is studying at her house in Meridian  Mississippi.
They hug together.
They kiss.
Knocks him out.
He almost dies.
She screams.
Her mother arrives.
Terrified  she decides to leave her home.
Senator Robert Kelly attempts to pass a Mutant Registration Act.
Would force mutants to publicly reveal their identities and abilities.
Magneto begins his plans to level the playing field.
Meanwhile  Marie  now going meets Logan  also known as Wolverine  at the local bar in Canada.
Rogue s mutation makes.
Her temporarily assume the powers  while Wolverine possesses superhuman healing abilities  heightened senses  and metal claws that extend outwards from his knuckles.
Suddenly  both are attacked by Sabretooth  a fellow mutant and an associate of Magneto.
Cyclops and Storm arrive and save Wolverine and Rogue  and bring them  a facility run by Professor Charles Xavier.
Who leads a group.
Abducted  Senator Kelly is brought to Magneto.
Who tests a machine that artificially induces mutation  though Kelly manages to escape imprisonment with his new abilities.
She is convinced.
An accident causes Rogue to use her powers.
Xavier is angry and that she should leave the school.
Xavier uses Cerebro to locate Rogue.
Mystique infiltrates Cerebro and sabotages the machine.
Wolverine convinces Rogue to stay with Xavier.
A fight ensues.
When Magneto  Toad and Sabretooth arrive to take Rogue.
Arriving  Kelly dissolves into a puddle of water.
When his mutation becomes unstable.
The X-Men learn.
Magneto was severely weakened.
Wolverine realizes.
He intends to use Rogue s ability to transfer his powers  so that she can power his machine in his place  possibly putting her life at risk.
Xavier attempts to use Cerebro to locate Rogue  but falls.
Jean Grey fixes it and uses Cerebro to find Magneto s machine.
Magneto intends to use.
Magneto and Sabretooth incapacitate the group and continue.
As the group arrives.
Magneto transfers his powers.
Who is forced to use them to start the machine.
Wolverine breaks free and initiates a fight  but is thrown off the top of the statue.
Wolverine returns  and Cyclops   blasts Sabretooth out of the statue.
Storm uses her abilities to send Wolverine to the top of Magneto s machine.
Wolverine attempts to stop the machine and save Rogue  but Magneto  now having regained some of his strength  halts Wolverine s claws.
Cyclops manages to find a clean shot  wounding Magneto and allowing Wolverine to destroy the machine.
Placing his hand   Wolverine succeeds in transferring his regenerative abilities to her  Professor Xavier also recovers from his coma.
She is dying.
The group learns.
She is still alive.
Xavier sends Wolverine to a military base near Alkali Lake.
Xavier visits Magneto  and the two play chess.
Magneto warns his friend.
He will continue his fight  to which Xavier promises that he and the X-Men will always be there to stop him.
<EOS>
Elias is an immigrant.
Who tries to get by a boat along with other illegal immigrants.
They hope  a marine patrol approaches and Elias jumps.
They will soon disembark.
Order to avoid arrest.
So do the other people.
He wakes up next morning.
Is not so bad  since he has lost some of his clothes while he was swimming for quite a few hours.
He pretends to be a nudist.
Himself  steals some clothes.
He pretends.
He is an employee.
Some residents consider him to be an employee and some others a client.
He meets a magician.
Who hires him.
Nick Nickelby   tells him.
Elias is fairly good.
The magician is called.
You find yourself  come and find me.
Elias considers it an invitation and a great opportunity.
Going becomes an obsession.
Nasty things happen to him  he is raped by the manager of the hotel.
He is obliged to clean a toilet with his hands.
A tenant considers him to be a plumber.
He also happens the arrest of a friend of his  an illegal immigrant.
Who is discovered hiding.
He also sees the dead bodies.
Who did nt make it and drowned trying to swim to shore.
A middle-aged German woman named.
Christina wants him and offers him refuge in her room.
She also gives him money.
He leaves the Eden Club and tries to travel by hitch-hiking  without realising.
Far it is.
A man takes advantage and says.
He will take him as long as he shares the expenses.
Elias wants to prove and shows an envelope.
He can afford it.
Where he keeps his money.
The man steals his money and leaves.
A peasant woman passes and takes Elias to her home  there he helps her sell birds and is friendly with her children.
He leaves.
The other day.
A couple him  but some time later they disagree concerning his presence  quarrel and abandon him in snowy mountains.
A German truck driver stops and picks him up - he also gives him a jacket.
Then he finds a job.
He realises.
His employer is not going to keep his promise and take care.
Also  he is pushed back.
When he tries to eat.
This racist episode compels him to run away again.
He ends up.
He steals a jacket.
He is found out and is again.
Somebody cries damned gypsies.
Some gypsies think.
He is a gypsy.
They help him picking him up.
They show him the way.
He sees two other trucks approaching the encampment and questioning the gypsies.
When he leaves.
Where the thief they ve just helped is hiding.
They are friends.
Whom he had stolen the jacket.
They leave.
They throw a petrol bomb of their trailers.
Elias   finds himself in a village.
Where he meets a copatriot.
This is the only time.
His mother language is heard.
The other immigrant is disillusioned and says  he does not have any savings.
He is heading back  because there are no jobs in Paris.
Life back home seems better.
He sleeps.
Who steal his jacket.
The next day he is heading and finds club Lido.
Finally he finds the magician giving a performance.
He approaches him full.
He thinks.
The magician recognises him.
But  the magician leaves.
When the show ends.
Elias runs.
The young immigrant tells you recognise me.
When the magicians driver stops.
Him do nt.
The magician stares and says Aha  so you ve done both.
You came.
You also saw me.
He then gives him a small toy magic wand and leaves.
Elias  embarrassed  points the wand awkwardly.
The lights are lit.
Thus  he thinks.
Indeed this is a magic wand.
He is scared.
When many police officers appear.
He points the magic wand.
Nothing happens.
He puts the wand and starts walking toward the gleaming Eiffel Tower.
<EOS>
The scene positions the shooter in the middle ground to the left of the image  firing upwards toward the far right  with the gang watching him from close foreground.
The capture is shot from the viewpoint of the police  as Ned advances  an impressive figure weaving towards them under the weight of his armour and the shock of the bullets.
The film originally comprised six sequences.
Some confusion has emerged as a result of a variant poster from the film dating from.
Its similar photos suggest.
Either the film was being added to  or altered.
An entirely new version was made.
The poster proclaims.
Fragments shows Aaron Sherritt being shot outside  in front of an obviously painted canvas flat.
This now appears to be altogether  perhaps a cheap imitation by a theatrical company  keen to cash in on the success of the original.
<EOS>
Set John Tipton and Bridger heads for Crocket City Wyoming to supervise the vote on.
Whether to join the Union.
One group are using dynamite to terrorize the populace and ensure.
The vote fails.
Tipton and Bridger are separated.
Tipton befriends.
A trio harassed by outlaws.
They are Major Carter  his daughter Janet and their servant Moses.
Carter had recently become the new editor and publisher.
He is threatened and subsequently shot and murdered by one of his men in a staged fight.
When he announces plans to use the power.
Tipton fights on.
When Plummer s henchmen eventually kill Bridger.
He sends fake telegrams.
Trap some.
Then he organizes the ranchers.
They descend on the town barricaded by Plummer s gang and defeated the gang leader and his henchmen.
The villains actually initially stop the homesteaders from voting.
Tipton leads to crush the outlaws.
It results  Wyoming becoming a state.
Wayne gets the pretty girl Ann Rutherford.
<EOS>
The film is the story.
Who unknowingly kills Vineeth  while he was a senior student and that incident always haunting his guilty mind.
Ultimately he helps Vineeth s Sister Parvathy to become a Doctor.
<EOS>
The film is an epic tale  best known as El Greco  a great Greek artist of the 16th century with an uncompromising character  and finally Toledo  in search of freedom and love.
Who sets off and goes to Venice.
There he is confronted.
His creative consciousness and power make him stand out and overcome barbarity and ignorance.
Being imprisoned and awaiting execution  Domenicos writes out his story  thus parts of his life play out in extended flashbacks.
Born.
Was part.
But his father is preparing a political rebellion.
Domenicos leaves the island and moves to Venice  away from the young woman.
There he meets the famous painter Titian and the Spanish priest Fernando Nino de Guevara.
Guevara immediately shows a confused interest  and.
Fighting personal demons - calls Domenicos.
Where he must defend himself.
<EOS>
The film centres.
Who deserts after an artillery barrage kills his sergeant.
He is shell-shocked and takes refuge with a traveling gypsy caravan  led by Darky.
Members of the clan are Darky s mentally disabled son  Simon  Simon s mother Elle  and Darky s only daughter  Jessie.
Who harbors a grudge.
Who forms a romantic bond  eventually becoming pregnant by him.
Tom disguises himself.
Order to avoid arrest and execution.
Who is able to see the future.
Frightened  Darky befriends the rawney  thinking him or her to be good luck.
Soon Darky is revealed to be a flawed leader  unable to protect his clan  and beset by family turmoil.
Is exacerbated.
The army and the partially blinded officer is a menace  threatening the Gypsies  way of life and those.
Who befriend them.
The army corners the gypsy clan  managing to hold them off with meager rifles and pistols long enough to enable the young members of the clan  including Tom and Jessie  to escape  at the cost of their own lives.
<EOS>
Two Cuban tourists make a stop at the provincial town of Perales.
They are curious.
When they see two small memorials surrounded.
Meanwhile  two elderly veterans come out to receive them.
They explain.
Whom are they.
Chelelo then recounts the story.
Who are fighting a battle of Perales  residential streets.
Valente is shot.
Where his widow dona Elvira Pena  daughter Leonor  and housemaid Carmen currently reside.
Leonor witnesses Valente s casualty and is decided to go out and help him.
Leonor then explains.
She is returning a favor that could have been done.
Leonor runs across the street to get the never-sober Doctor Placido.
Then Elvira  Carmen  and Leonor take a hand to bring Valente.
Valente stays ill.
When his friend Atanacio later receives word.
Atanacio is captivated and admires the conservative sharp-tongued matron Elvira.
Antonio and Leonor also start a romantic relationship.
Leads them.
Atanacio  duels Antonio on the night of his honeymoon.
Who is now a rich  alcoholic landowner.
The conflict ends.
<EOS>
Cinematic version  Alluri Sitaramaraju.
Who raised voice and fought for the tribals.
<EOS>
The young Lillian and the young Julia  daughter.
S.
Enjoy a childhood together and an extremely close relationship.
Later   Lillian suffers at a beachhouse.
Medical-Student/Physician Julia attends Oxford and the University and studies with such luminaries as Sigmund Freud.
Lillian is invited to a writers  conference in Russia.
Julia  having taken  enlists Lillian en route to smuggle money through Nazi Germany.
Will assist.
It is a dangerous mission  especially.
Lillian learns.
Her friend has a child named Lily  living.
Lillian is informed of Julia s murder.
The details are shrouded in secrecy.
Lillian unsuccessfully looks and also discovers.
Julia s family wants nothing to do  if she exists.
They even pretend not to remember Lillian  clearly wanting to excise the embarrassment from their lives.
<EOS>
A crooked lawyer brings together some.
He s gotten off.
However   he discovers.
The goods he s stolen is actually a top-secret microchip that foreign powers are.
They will stop to get it.
<EOS>
Tired  they must come in and buy a set.
Meanwhile   Speedy and his friends are celebrating his birthday.
Unfortunately  one thing is missing  music.
So Speedy goes and turns on one of Daffy s radios.
Daffy abruptly shuts it off.
Thus  Speedy does everything.
He can to stop him .
If it means going and holding up the radio DJ at gunpoint  forcing him to play bad Bill Lava music.
<EOS>
The movie begins.
The moment  Dr Eileen Flax  becomes possessed.
He dies the physician treating him.
Dr Flax relives the last week until the moment of his death.
Pommier finally settles down with his patient wife Niki in Los Angeles to teach at UCLA.
His home is vandalized one night by a gang of street punks.
Who travel about.
They are very interested.
He finds.
They have built a macabre shrine to a murderer who recently killed two girls who lived in the house.
He then starts to study them.
They are an urban nomad culture that is strikingly similar.
He begins to observe them  following them around and covertly taking their pictures.
He develops the pictures and is puzzled to find.
They do not show up.
Then he begins to realize.
They are actually the Einwetok  demonic Inuit trickster spirits that take human form  commit acts  and who are attracted to places of violence and death.
They plan to claim his soul to keep their existence a secret.
That they are aware.
Dr Flax wakes in the arms of his wife.
They try to flee the city to escape the nomads.
The street starts to fill.
They storm the house  forcing the women to flee.
One breaks into the attic but leaves after scaring them.
Much later  the nomads have left the house.
The ladies leave the attic to find the house a shambles.
Packing bags  they flee the city.
The next day   a leather-clad man rides around them.
They are driving down a back road.
Flax warns Niki.
Whatever she sees  she should not stop.
They are horrified to see.
They drive.
It is Pommier  now one.
<EOS>
The film tells a Jewish woman.
Who places a personal ad.
Yet  her sole respondent Raul Ferraro turns out to be a Gentile.
Clara then spurns him.
Soon she realizes.
She needs him.
Her brother is about to visit her.
She has been lying about being in a romantic relationship.
Fortunately  Raul goes along.
Not long after  the couple fall.
<EOS>
Alya  a 20-year-old woman becomes engaged.
The following day  Abi finds her unconscious.
Fearful  he rushes her.
She has a life threatening illness.
Abi finds her diary and reads  the two were separated.
Alya lies.
She still loves her high school sweetheart and first love  Sunny.
When Sunny left Jakarta  without either of them confessing their feelings.
Abi decides to search for Sunny and ask him to visit Alya.
Sunny   agrees.
Who by that point is already married.
His wife gives him permission.
Sunny s feelings return.
He holds Alya s hand.
She wakes up.
<EOS>
The comedy film revolves.
Who works.
He pledges to marry the girl.
Who wrote the letter and tries to find her.
His father Parandhamayya is highly abusive and openly scolds him.
His office colleague tries to exploit his innocence and introduces Soni.
His brother nuthan prasad help him solve the problem and find out the truth.
Ananda Rao and Swarna finally marry.
<EOS>
Nicky Rogan has written several plays and has achieved success.
It is now opening night.
All assure him.
This one will be the best yet.
But  Rogan falls prey to doubts and fears  egged on by another playwright.
Whose last work was trashed.
He eventually lets those fears drive him to adopt a resolve to kill the critic.
He procures a handgun.
To perform the deed.
Rogan spends the time in a bar  accompanied by a lady cab driver and her grandson  earlier in the evening the lady misidentified Rogan as a local small-time hoodlum.
Rogan does not correct her misidentification.
They watch the most crucial Game.
The Sox had won 3 games and could clinch the title.
Rogan  a lifelong Sox fan  knows.
Easily they can lose when they should win.
He spends the evening waiting.
Though the Sox are ahead most.
He snaps  and heads out to take out his rage.
When the inevitable does occur.
He not only finds the critic  but finds him.
He begins firing wildly  but is finally calmed.
When he learns that the critic is equally devastated.
They end up together  watching an interminable rerun on a small television set in the critic s apartment.
<EOS>
Avery Colden discovers from her father.
She is to be given to the new Prophet of a religious cult.
She escapes.
They join forces to expose the truth.
When they find out that a younger girl will take her place.
Lies hidden.
Col.
Marks calls in.
Favors but even that may not be enough to help them fight the deeply secretive cult.
<EOS>
The film traces the confluence.
Made the 1979 Peace Treaty.
The term back door channels has been since the early 1950s by government and foreign policy officials and intelligence operatives to refer to alternative methods for communicating across borders by using lines of communication not available to traditional official governmental and diplomatic entities or to covert international intelligence agents.
The film contains songs.
His album Wait.
<EOS>
Dr Carter Nix is a respected child psychologist.
His wife  Jenny  becomes concerned  he regards her.
Carter is obsessively studying their daughter  Amy.
Carter actually suffers.
His multiples are Cain  a streetwise hustler  Josh  a traumatized little boy  and Margo  a middle-aged mother figure.
Carter/Cain is killing young mothers to procure their children.
Jenny is having an affair.
She had a relationship years ago.
He left her.
Now she plans to leave Carter and elope.
He descends completely and begins leaving subtle clues for the police.
When Carter accidentally discovers their tryst.
Jack is the real killer.
Next  he attempts to kill Jenny.
She escapes and confronts Carter.
Unable to find Amy  Jenny demands Carter tell her.
Where she is.
Carter replies.
She is.
Carter is apprehended.
The police bring Dr Lynn Waldheim to interrogate him.
Waldheim interviews Carter and informs the police.
She co-wrote a book.
Called Raising Cain.
Dr Nix Sr.
Had extensive detailed knowledge  including taped recordings of their sessions.
However  Waldheim was never allowed to meet Cain.
She pieced the situation together  Dr Nix Sr.
Dispassionately put his own son to gain firsthand accounts of his traumatic psychological development and study the emerging personalities.
Horrified  Waldheim quit the project.
The Carter personality disappears.
Margo and Josh act and speak.
Josh recites a rhyme and vanishes.
Margo assumes control.
She stonewalls Waldheim.
Eventually  Carter/Cain breaks.
They pounce  knocking her unconscious and leaving the building disguised as her.
The police soon find Waldheim begging them to arrest Carter.
Any children are harmed.
Dr Nix  Sr.
Is in fact alive  having faked his own death to elude prosecution.
He has established a new identity and a clandestine research facility.
He has been using Carter and his multiples to procure the children.
He will have an adequate control group to study the development.
Jenny follows.
Who she thinks is Waldheim.
It is actually.
She follows.
Who is now Margo.
She sees Dr Nix Sr.
When it opens.
Jenny begs.
To give back her daughter  Carter/Cain/Margo stabs their father.
Jack arrives.
Carter/Cain/Margo disappears.
The movie ends in a park.
Amy runs off.
Jenny follows her and finds Amy.
Who says her father has gone away.
Carter appears behind her  Margo is now in control.
When Jenny bends down to pick Amy up.
Jenny holds Amy  oblivious to.
Who is.
<EOS>
The film is.
Who is abducted.
O.
R.
A.
There he becomes involved and saves the planet.
The film spoofs various science fiction films.
<EOS>
George Eastman  the poor nephew  and no relation to the real-life George Eastman  takes a job in his uncle s factory.
The rich Eastman family treats him as an outsider and gives him the humblest job available in the factory and no entry into their exclusive social circle.
George  uncomplaining  hopes to impress his uncle -- -- and earn his way up.
Whom he addresses.
George starts dating fellow factory worker Alice Tripp.
Working. 
Alice is a poor and inexperienced girl.
Who is dazzled and slow to believe that his Eastman name brings him no advantages.
George meets society girl Angela Vickers  played.
Stepping out.
They quickly fall.
Being Angela s escort thrusts George.
His rich Eastman kin had denied him.
He puts her off  spending more and more with Angela and his new well-heeled friends.
When Alice announces that she is pregnant and makes it clear that she expects George to marry her.
An attempt to procure an abortion fails.
She renews her insistence.
George is invited to join Angela and excuses himself to Alice  saying.
The visit will advance his career and accrue.
George and Angela spend time.
George hatches a plan to rid himself of Alice.
That he can marry Angela.
Meanwhile  Alice finds a picture.
Realizing  she meets George and threatens to expose everything to his society friends.
George lied about being forced to go to the lake.
He does nt marry her.
They quickly drive to elope but they find.
It closed.
George suggests spending the day  Alice unsuspectingly agrees.
George acts visibly nervous  the man s suspicions are aroused more.
When they get.
When he rents a boat.
When George asks him whether any other boaters are.
Alice confesses her dreams together with their child.
They are out.
Alice tries to stand up  causing it to capsize.
George apparently takes pity and  judging from his attitude  decides not to carry out his murderous plan.
Alice drowns.
George escapes  swims to shore  and eventually drives back up.
Where he tries to relax but is increasingly tense.
He says nothing.
What happened there.
Meanwhile  Alice s body is discovered.
Her death is treated almost from the first moment.
An abundant amount stack up against George.
George is arrested and charged.
As Angela s father approves Angela s marriage.
Condemn him.
The audience knows that the planned murder turned into an accidental drowning  George s furtive actions before and after Alice s death.
His denials are futile.
He is found guilty and sentenced to death in the electric chair.
He confesses in his cell  but chose not to.
He deserves to die because he could have saved Alice.
<EOS>
A young female martial-arts champion  Cheng Tai-nun marries an elderly landowner.
The old man can keep his estate.
Tai-nun inherits his estate.
When he dies  and is soon  staying with her older nephew by marriage  Yu Cheng-chuan  and his son Yu Tao.
The sparks fly and a clash begins.
When the traditional and conservative Tai-nun  a woman  runs into the modern and Westernized Yu Tao for the first time.
Meanwhile  the evil brother steals the deed.
Tai-nun and Yu Tao go to get the deed back and are beaten and held hostage.
Its then up to rescue them.
<EOS>
Sivankutty loses his job.
When he oversleeps.
Jobless  he prefers to stay home always.
His wife Shyamala teacher is unhappy mainly.
She loses her sleep due.
This creates problems.
She is eventually forced to divorce him.
She marries again.
Life has some other things planned.
<EOS>
The film follows Pip  a street kid.
Who s meeting life.
He receives his grandfather s Second World War memoirs on audio cassette  a gift.
Awakens the ghost.
His grandfather relates the story.
He turned eighteen  fleeing German forces with a dying comrade hanging on for life.
He begins to live the parallel life of his grandfather  both lost in their environments and generations.
He stumbles into an unlikely alliance with Clark  a gay street hustler on the make  and Jenny  an aspiring social worker.
Who tempts Pip.
He also forges a small but important relationship.
Whom he confides his deepest secret  the death his father committed against him before his passing.
<EOS>
It s been 193 days.
Alice was last seen.
Every day  her father  Mario  leaves home and follows exactly the same route the day.
Alice disappeared.
Mario creates a video surveillance network on the places  the airport  anything.
She might walk.
May provide a clue.
Every day  he watches countless hours  expecting to get a glimpse of his child.
Almost every day  hope is born.
Almost every day  hope is extinguished -  the search seems to be over.
<EOS>
The film centers.
Who is one.
The popular clique consists of three wealthy and beautiful girls with the same first name  the malicious leader  Heather Chandler  the bookish bulimic Heather Duke and the weak-willed cheerleader Heather McNamara.
These three rule Westerburg.
The Heathers are feared and hated.
They are the most popular students.
Veronica has had enough and longs to return to her old life and her nerdy friends.
When a new student  a rebellious outsider named Jason Dean  or J.
D.
Veronica finds herself fascinated.
Short  pulls a gun bullies Kurt Kelly and Ram Sweeney and fires blanks at them.
Veronica attends a frat party   Heather vows to destroy her reputation.
When Veronica refuses sex and throws up spiked punch.
J.
D.
Shows up and after some flirting they end up having sex outside.
Which Veronica tells J.
D.
She wants to make Heather Chandler puke her guts out.
The next morning  Veronica and J.
D.
Break. 
J.
D.
Serves Heather a liquid is a hangover cure but is actually drain cleaner  killing her.
He claims.
J.
D.
Urges Veronica to forge a dramatic suicide note.
The school and community look as a tragic but admirable decision made by a popular but sadly troubled teenager.
Heather Duke soon steps as clique leader and begins wearing a red scrunchie.
Had belonged.
Several days later  the oafish Kurt and Ram spread a false rumor giving oral sex to them at the same time during a double date with Heather McNamara  ruining her reputation at school.
J.
D.
Proposes shoot them.
Veronica lure them behind the school with the promise to make the rumors true  then.
J.
D.
Offers to plant materials.
They were homosexuals  as well as a suicide note stating the two.
Ram is shot.
Who runs away.
J.
D.
Chases Kurt back.
Who panics and shoots him.
The next day  J.
D.
And Veronica wake up.
D s car and Veronica  realising  intentionally burns herself.
The bullets were real.
J.
D.
Accuses Veronica.
The bullets were real.
She denies loudly as the argument descends  with Veronica and J.
D.
Screaming ` Did not/did too   as the Heathers look on.
The boys are made into martyrs against homophobia.
She keeps dating J.
D.
Veronica is alarmed.
D.
S mother may have killed herself to escape his father.
Martha Dunnstock  an obese  regularly bullied student known  pins a suicide note to her chest and walks into traffic.
She survives but is badly injured and is mocked.
Heather McNamara calls  the next day  Heather Duke tells the entire school  McNamara attempts to take her life by overdosing on pills in the girls  bathroom but is stopped by Veronica.
A popular radio show one night while Veronica and Heather Duke are listening and talks.
Veronica tells J.
D.
She will not participate.
He climbs with a revolver to kill her  but Veronica instead tricks J.
D.
Having used a harness to make it look herself.
She has hanged.
Thinking  he rambles.
She is dead.
A petition was actually a disguised mass suicide note.
He has been circulating  to get the band Big Fun to perform on campus.
Most had already signed  so the mass murder would appear to be a mass suicide instead.
Veronica confronts J.
D.
Timed explosives.
Where he is rigging.
She shoots him.
When he refuses to stop the bomb.
D.
Collapses  he stabs the timer.
It stops.
Veronica walks out  unaware.
There is still a bomb.
The severely injured J.
D.
Follows her outside  offers up.
What amounts as Veronica looks on in respect  and detonates the bomb.
Veronica  covered in ash and bleeding slightly  confronts Heather Duke in the halls  takes Heather Chandler s red scrunchie  says Heather my love  there s a new sheriff in town and invites Martha Dunnstock to hang out on prom night and watch movies with her  a final display.
The Heathers  reign is over.
<EOS>
Coming.
Who is almost killed.
There is no baby.
Curious  he meets her.
Where she has gone to see the act.
Afterwards  she goes back.
Where she reveals that she is a spy working.
Their elusive leader is that he is missing the tip.
The Thirty-Nine Steps are for Boomerang  a British ballistic missile project.
Could tip the balance in Europe.
She tells Hannay.
She must leave immediately.
She is killed.
Hannay is out.
Fearing  Hannay decides to continue her mission and catches a train  evading the hitmen outside his flat by adopting a cunning milkman disguise.
He will be accused.
He has a chance encounter with Miss Fisher  a netball coach at a boarding school for girls.
He is forced to pretend.
They are lovers to avoid the police detectives who boarded.
However  Miss Fisher gives him away.
Hannay jumps.
He then meets Percy Baker  a helpful ex-convict lorry driver  an inn owned.
Who advises him to stop.
Who was once accused.
She helps him pass the police patrols.
She is accommodating.
Hannay eventually finds the house.
He thinks he is looking.
Finds out  the man is actually the spy ring s leader.
He has been tricked.
He escapes and informs the police  but is not believed and has to jump out.
Hannay escapes.
He then poses.
A lecturer s boarding school  coincidentally where Miss Fisher works  and ending up giving a bizarre lecture on the Woods and the Wayside in August.
Miss Fisher recognises him.
He is again taken  but this time by the two assassins posing as detectives.
The assassins are forced to take her.
He shouts out to telephone Scotland Yard about the Boomerang.
Hannay is handcuffed.
Who are taking them back.
A burst tyre gives Hannay his chance to escape.
Only having one hand to drive  he crashes the car  forcing him to wander through the bleak Scottish Highlands handcuffed to Miss Fisher.
Eventually  they chance.
Hannay hides their handcuffed condition and informs her.
They are a runaway couple.
Miss Fisher frees herself  but then overhears their pursuers inquiring about them and about The Thirty-Nine Steps.
Hannay sleeps.
She realises her error and goes back to help Hannay  telling him the final rendezvous.
The finale is back.
Where Hannay provokes Mr Memory.
As the police arrest him.
Mr Memory has used his formidable memory to memorise the Boomerang plans.
However   Memory is shot.
He can reveal the secret.
The secret is safe.
The main conspirators are either dead or.
<EOS>
Aloyisius T.
McKeever  a New York City hobo  makes his home  using the back door  while its owner  multi-millionaire Michael J.
OConnor  winters.
McKeever winds up taking.
I.
Jim Bullock   is OConnor s daughter.
Who has been evicted.
Soon Jim invites war buddies Whitey  Hank and their families to share the vast mansion.
They seek permanent homes.
Trudy falls with Jim.
Convinces OConnor to also take up residence  pretending to be the panhandler Mike  to win Jim s love.
When her father demands to meet him.
McKeever allows Mike to move in  but treats him.
She persuades her mother Mary to fly up and pretend to be the 11th interloper  a cook.
When Mike warns Trudy that he intends to have them all arrested.
Mike has one bribe Jim with a great job offer in Bolivia.
Jim turns it down to pursue his dream.
The ex-GIs have an idea to buy a former Army camp and convert its barracks.
Unbeknownst  Mike and Jim get into a bidding war for the camp.
The GI s are trying to buy.
Mike wants.
Mike and Mary reconcile.
When she believes he has changed.
All are celebrating Christmas Eve together  forgetting to hide as usual.
Who check the house every night.
The patrolmen agree to let the families stay.
Jim reveals.
He and his partners have lost the camp.
OConnor.
She tells him.
When Mike later defends his business dealings.
He has nt changed.
His dream shattered  a depressed Jim takes the job offer  breaking off with Trudy.
Mary and Trudy angrily tell Mike.
They are leaving the next day because of the way he has manipulated Jim.
McKeever is also depressed and tells Mike.
He is going to find another mansion to live.
Mike spins a tale.
He has arranged a meeting.
They are astounded to learn.
Mike is OConnor.
He transfers the camp.
They never reveal his true identity.
That night everyone is reunited and share a celebratory dinner we found it.
They see the still-unaware McKeever off.
He heads in Virginia.
Mike tells Mary.
Next year McKeever will be coming in.
<EOS>
The film begins.
When two North Korean soldiers are killed at a North Korean border house  before Sgt.
Lee Soo-hyeok  a South Korean soldier  attempts to flee back to the South Korean side.
The southern troops rescue him.
The gunfire erupts and  two days later  the fragile relationship now relies on a special investigation conducted by the led by Major Sophie E.
Jang.
Lee Soo-hyeok has confessed  Sophie investigates.
The two Koreas have contradicting accounts  Soo-hyeok s states he was knocked out and kidnapped while relieving himself and  waking tied up in the North Korean border house  secretly freed himself and shoot three North Korean soldiers  leaving two dead.
However   Sgt.
When asking the North Korean survivor.
He states.
Soo-Hyeok barged before retreating when the wounded Kyeong-pil returned fire.
The autopsy report shows  additionally  a single bullet is not accounted.
One soldier  Jeong Woo-jin  was shot eight times repeatedly  indicating a grudge was held.
Witness Private First Class Nam Sung-shik attempts suicide by jumping out of the window of the interrogation room.
Sophie deduces.
He   held a mutual friendship.
Explained it is shown  found by Kyeong-pil and Woo-jin  the two deactivate the mine.
Soo-hyeok was with other soldiers  only to get lost on the North Korean side and to partially trip a mine.
Later prompts Soo-hyeok to throw written messages.
Eventually inviting Soo-hyeok  the three become a group of friends so to remain loyal to their own country.
Soon includes.
Soo-hyeok and Sung-shik return to say goodbye and celebrate Woo-jin s birthday  only to be discovered by a commanding officer from the North and resulting in a Mexican Standoff.
Tensions rise.
Kyeong-pil convinces Woo-jin  Soo-hyeok and the officer to lower their weapons  to panic and shoot the commanding officer   Sung-shik kills him  before shooting his corpse several times out of anger.
When he reaches.
When Woo-jin draws his gun again.
Kyeong-pil persuades Sung-shik to lay to flee with a false alibi of being kidnapped  before throwing away the evidence.
He and Woo-jin were fraternizing.
Sung-shik and Soo-hyeok flee across the border  with the former getting past unseen   he is the only soldier seen.
Soo-hyeok has a wounded leg.
Sophie  now discharged  unofficially confirms events and then Soo-hyeok  she finds  but can not figure out.
Her father was discovered to have North Korean ties and thus making her.
The missing bullet was lodged.
Who really shot Woo-jin due.
Sophie hugs Soo-hyeok and wishes him well.
For Soo-hyeok to steal an officer s pistol.
It is revealed Soo-hyeok shot.
He committed suicide out.
The film concludes.
Accidentally contains all four officers.
<EOS>
The film follows the Gonds  struggle.
Who led the resistance.
<EOS>
Krishna Murthy  son falls in love with Padma.
He challenges his son to convince Lakshmipathy to marry his daughter.
When Krishna s father learns that Padma is the daughter.
He belongs.
Rest is about Krishna s efforts to impress Lakshmipathy by acting like a miser himself.
Brahmanandam made his acting debut as Lakshmipathy s servant.
<EOS>
Kajal falls and marries a famous singer named Ravi.
They live their newly married life  until tragedy strikes  Ravi s greedy uncle Pratap and cousin Narender.
Who are determined to lay their hands.
Narender first tries but fails.
When he is caught.
Pratap then hire hoodlums.
He is thrown off a cliff.
Pratap s son  Narender  also dies.
Kajal s mother-in-law takes Kajal away.
The widowed and depressed Kajal tries to get over her pain.
One day a young man  Raja  accidentally hits Kajal s mother-in-law  meets Kajal and falls with her.
Kajal tells him.
When he tells Kajal he loves her.
She is a widow.
Raja s father tells a bunch to get rid of Kajal and Raja severs ties with his father after finding out.
He begs Kajal s mother-in-law to have Kajal marry him.
She persuades her.
Her mother-in-law feels that Kajal should marry again.
Raja and Kajal get.
Married but Raja tells her that he will not touch her until she accepts him.
He looks.
His friends open a garage.
One day  Raja goes to check out a jeep but has an accident.
When the brakes fail.
Kajal becomes shocked.
When she hears this and runs to see him.
Kajal accepts him and falls in love with him.
The two are finally happy together.
Things are well  Raja rescues a man from hoodlums  he treats him in a hospital and befriends the man.
Whose name is Ravi.
She is shocked to see.
When Raja brings Ravi.
Her husband s new friend is none other.
Kajal stays.
When the truth is revealed however.
Ravi s mother leaves.
Ravi s uncle figures out  saying.
Ravi is alive and has Raja and Kajal kidnapped.
He will let them go if Ravi signs the property papers.
Raja escapes.
He and Ravi beat.
Pratap  after which they find Kajal  tied up.
Ravi manages to switch off the bomb and take it.
Pratap appears and says.
He will kill Raja and make Kajal a widow again.
Ravi protects Raja and he and Pratap fall.
Ravi sets the bomb  causing a large explosion  killing Pratap and him once and for all.
Kajal and Raja stay together and live happily  honoring Ravi s memory.
<EOS>
Nadine Bari takes us down a road.
She searches.
She tells us.
She does.
She faced to get the Guinean authorities to tell her.
What had happened after he disappeared.
Hopeful and desperate  her story is similar.
Who are still trying to discover what became during Sekou Toure s dictatorship.
<EOS>
Boston teenager Michael Dunn and his young sister Boo have been sent to live with their Irish-Catholic grandparents following the deaths of their parents.
He is enrolled.
Basil s  a strict Roman Catholic school and church  fulfill his parents  dream.
Where his grandmother is determined to see him.
The movie takes place.
When the Catholic Church was changing its forms.
Some places had modified.
Basil s held on  including Latin Mass.
Dunn befriends Caesar  an over-weight  bespectacled student and even higher grades and test scores.
Caesar helps Dunn catch up and underachiever Ed Rooney bullies Dunn with a prank outside of the soda fountain across the street from school.
Dunn enters the classroom at the beginning of his English-Lit class just in time to see Rooney remove the screws from Caesar s desk.
Minutes later  Cesar arrives  sits and falls to the floor.
The teacher  Brother Constance orders all the boys until the joker comes forward.
Dunn then whispers.
He tried to warn him.
His whisper is caught.
He becomes convinced.
Dunn knows the perpetrator.
However  Dunn denies knowledge.
Constance remains unconvinced.
He calls Dunn.
Where he tries to get the prankster s name out by striking Dunn s open palms with a wooden paddle  which he has sadistically labeled with the word PATIENCE.
Constance shoves him towards the floor in the center of the classroom  ordering him to point the guilty party out.
Dunn looks up from the floor.
Who delivers a sly grin.
Dunn lunges  taking him to the floor.
The pair are separated.
Who has been observing Constance s classroom teaching and discipline methods that day.
Both are sent to headmaster Brother Thadeus  office.
Alone  Rooney  impressed by Dunn s refusal to snitch on him  attempts to patch things up between them.
Dunn wants nothing to do.
Rooney tries again.
This time tells him  then he has to continue.
If they do nt become friends.
Order to save face.
Reluctantly  Dunn befriends Rooney  along Williams  a sexually frustrated kid  and Corbett  the dull one of the bunch.
Who is frequently caught masturbating.
Dunn also befriends Danni  a rebellious teenage high school drop-out tomboy.
Who runs the soda fountain across and takes care of her mentally infirm father.
Looking by St.
Basil s students  Danni s fountain shop is raided numerous times.
The fountain shop is always left a shambles.
This last time  however  Dunn   helps Danni clean things up  sparking a romance.
Who escapes detection.
Other hilarious episodes happen.
Rooney looks at the lists of sins they all committed and has them swap them around.
Each list does not sound so bad.
Father Abruzzi becomes preoccupied.
When Caesar enters the confessional.
Rooney goes into the priest s booth and acts as the priest hearing Caesar s confession  giving him the penance of befriending Rooney and making sure.
He gets Rooney passing grades.
Caesar joins the four and befriends them while tutoring Rooney.
The students are attending a St.
Basil s school dance  Father Abruzzi gives a classic speech regarding the evils of the flesh and lust and.
That will condemn them.
That night   Rooney and Janine  a student at the neighboring Virgin Martyr Girls Academy  drive Caesar and Janine s friend Kathleen around Brooklyn and get Rooney s father s 1966 Lincoln Continental stuck on a drawbridge.
Destroys the powertrain and most.
Later  Pope Paul VI visits New York City and St.
Basil s school takes a field trip to see him ride in a parade.
Brother Constance nearly tears up.
When he sees the Pope riding.
Meanwhile  the five friends sneak off.
Where they see Elvis Presley s Blue Hawaii.
They are caught missing  and Brother Constance orders.
Them to clean St.
Basil s statue courtyard after Sunday Mass for punishment.
The friendship further develops.
One day culminates under the boardwalk on Coney Island in a rainstorm.
One day   Danni takes a stand and locks them out.
She closes the blinds.
When they look and try to take names.
The Brothers leave.
Later  they discuss the episode at the soda fountain.
They notify social services.
A few days later  Dunn and his friends walk up and find police cars and a few of the school s Brothers surrounding the door.
Danni s father is led out.
Fearing the worst  Dunn rushes in and finds.
Social workers are getting ready to take Danni away.
A shaken Dunn takes Danni.
Weeping  she wants him to promise.
He wo nt be sad.
He watches helplessly.
She s taken away.
Rooney  angry  develops another prank with the help of Caesar  Williams and Corbett.
The night  the boys sneak onto the grounds and decapitate the statue of St.
Basil.
The next day  Rooney presents Dunn with a duffel bag containing the missing saint s head.
As Brother Thadeus is addressing the student body.
Constance first locks them.
Where they discuss possible options.
Moments later  they re retrieved.
Who brings the quintet.
He tells the boys.
The guilty can confess now or all will suffer.
Dunn  though innocent  speaks up.
Rooney clears Dunn s name  but fingers Williams.
Constance attempts to lead Dunn up.
Who fingers Corbett  who fingers Caesar.
Not willing  Constance calls Corbett and delivers five blows from the strap to Corbett s rear.
To listen any further.
He repeats the same procedure  delivering six this time.
He is presented  presumably to exempt him from corporal punishment.
When he comes.
Constance says.
Orders him.
Caesar pleads.
Constance drags the cowering Caesar  beating him with the strap while doing so.
Unable to watch such brutality any longer  Dunn shoves Constance  ordering him to leave Caesar alone.
Constance gets.
Dunn flees the gym.
The other boys run after Constance.
The chase ends.
Thadeus is concluding his remarks.
Dunn rushes in  knocking over a series  followed by Constance.
Who tries to call him out.
He then tries to take Dunn.
Dunn resists.
Constance backhands him  shouting Bastard.
Dunn sees.
Constance tries to explain himself.
He s been cut from Constance s ring.
He jumps and delivers an uppercut to Constance  knocking him to the floor and causing pandemonium.
The student body rises for Dunn.
The boys are sent.
Where they are joined.
Constance tries to have all five expelled.
Timothy argues.
Thadeus calls the boys and asks for a reason not to expel them.
Dunn  seeing a possible exit through his expulsion  accepts the blame and says.
He should be expelled.
Thadeus counters.
Since all acted  all shall bear the consequences.
Dunn protests.
He instigated the melee.
Thadeus disagrees  saying.
He understands it was Constance who started it.
Constance blanches.
Not explaining anything further  Thadeus suspends all five for two weeks and sends them out of his office.
Brother Dominic  Thadeus  secretary  then comes and hands him a document.
He immediately signs as Constance tries unapologetically to defend himself.
Thadeus hands Constance the signed document  which orders him transferred out.
Basil s and.
Where he wo nt be working at all.
Angry.
What he perceives.
He will demand an investigation.
Thadeus  unmoved  orders him out of his office.
Timothy is then offered Constance s job.
He immediately accepts.
The film ends.
Having been suspended  and then joyfully realizing they wo nt have to go.
A voice-over epilogue states.
Everyone graduated except me.
Corbett married Janine.
They have six kids  Williams works  Caesar graduated with honors from Queens College and went on to become a psychiatrist  Dunn eventually was reunited with Danni at Woodstock.
Rooney went   the pay sucks.
Where everybody graduated   but became a shampoo boy at a Bensonhurst hair salon.
Where the hours suck.
I m surrounded  but the tips are great.
<EOS>
The film is a historical drama set  focusing on the English defeat of the Spanish Armada  hence the title.
Relations between Spain and England are at the breaking point.
I  English sea raiders such as Sir Francis Drake regularly capture Spanish merchantmen bringing gold from the New World.
Elizabeth s chief advisors are the lord treasurer  Lord Burleigh  and her longtime admirer  Robert Dudley  Earl.
Burleigh s beautiful but featherbrained granddaughter Cynthia is one.
The aging queen is plagued.
The English are captured.
Miguel arranges to escape.
Michael washes ashore.
His wounds are tended by Miguel s daughter Elena.
Who quickly becomes enamoured.
Michael recovers and laments being apart  but is nonetheless impressed by Elena s charms.
The months pass.
Miguel brings Michael the sad news.
Sir Richard  his father  has been executed.
The grieving Michael denounces his rescuers and flees.
He urges her to fight the Spanish menace.
When he is granted an audience.
Whatever means necessary.
Elizabeth is flattered and later has an opportunity to take advantage of his offer of service.
When Hillary Vane  an Englishman spying  is killed before the names of his English co-conspirators can be uncovered.
Michael  disguised  goes to the court of King Philip II of Spain to get the letters.
Will set a plan to assassinate Elizabeth.
Michael meets Elena.
Her father has been killed.
She is now married.
Elena keeps Michael s identity a secret as.
As she can  but finally must tell her husband out to him.
Philip sees.
Pedro helps him escape.
That it will not be discovered that his wife aided a heretic.
The Spanish Armada sails joins her army in Tilbury.
Michael is returning home.
Michael meets her there and reveals the names.
Elizabeth knights Michael and then confronts the six traitors and tell them to fulfill their plot and kill her.
They are overwhelmed and agree to go with Michael on a dangerous mission  using fire ships to make a night attack on the Armada.
Is massed off the coast.
The mission is successful.
Michael and his men set the Armada aflame and then safely return.
Elizabeth allows.
Greets her adoring subjects.
<EOS>
Naruto Uzumaki  Kakashi Hatake  Sakura Haruno  and Rock Lee are assigned to protect the prince during his world trip  other escorts had been hired  but quit due to being treated poorly.
The Land is a very wealthy nation  so Michiru tends to buy.
Whatever he wants  and has a very materialistic worldview.
His son  Hikaru  also acts.
The caravan stops at a circus.
Which Hikaru shot an apple that was.
Amused  the ring master said.
He can hit the apple.
Hikaru made the shot.
Hikaru took  so he asked.
A liking tiger  Chamu  featured there.
The ringmaster claimed it to take as a prize.
Michiru ended up purchasing not only the saber toothe  but the whole circus as well  placing it.
They stop at the house of Michiru s ex-wife Amayo.
Hikaru attempts to befriend the tiger  but finds.
It dislikes humans.
He loses interest.
When a storm hits.
Upset  Hikaru goes out to help Chamu get to safety.
Naruto saves both.
They wash overboard.
The next day  Naruto and Hikaru become friends.
The team finds.
The country has been taken over.
Having hired three powerful ninjas to assist him  Shabadaba has disposed and plans to do the same with Michiru and Hikaru  the remaining heirs to the throne.
He orders the military forces to kill them all.
The team is able to escape.
Who leads the soldiers that are still loyal.
Escaping  Michiru finds  is only able to keep him alive for a little while.
His father is still alive  but Sakura  although able to heal his petrified arm.
Kakeru revealed.
He had suspected that something would happen  and arranged for the journey to keep Michiru out of harm s way.
Kakeru tells Michiru and Hikaru.
People are truly important.
Ishidate  Kongou  and Karenbana alongside the soldiers on Shabadaba s side attack.
Ishidate  Kongou  and Karenbana disable Naruto  Kakashi  Sakura  and Lee.
Slows their reactions.
The prince is captured.
The emergence allows him to repel the attacking ninja.
Hikaru can be taken.
Shabadaba s reasons for taking over the country are revealed to be purely material  the same things Michiru considers important.
He intends to use the nation s wealth rather than the people.
Michiru is disgusted  and realizes the truth of.
What his father had said.
Shabadaba decides to put him  by a drawn-out hanging  he has Michiru balance on a board of wood not strong enough to support his weight.
Wearing a noose  ensuring that sooner or later he will fall and be hanged.
Kakashi s team makes a rescue attempt with Hikaru and the rogue soldiers  infiltrating the palace by disguising as members of the circus.
One fight individual battles  Kakashi fights the many soldiers in the courtyard.
Each fight one of the ninja.
Lee wields a pair.
Have the ability to connect  creating weapons such as a long staff and a chain whip.
He defeats Kongou.
Sakura is able to dispatch Karenbana s poison and genjutsu-using opponent.
Where she moves.
Naruto fights.
Helping Hikaru reach his father.
Hikaru shoots an arrow  severing the rope.
Naruto s shadow clones catch Michiru and Hikaru.
Ishidate is enraged and attempts to kill Naruto  but Shadabada orders.
Him to deal.
Ishidate then turns.
When he grabs the collar.
Naruto  having had his leg disabled by his opponent s strange petrification jutsu  rides on Michiru s back to attack with his Crescent Moon Rasengan.
Reflects the light.
It grows and takes.
He hits Ishidate  sending him flying and destroying Shadabada s stone remains.
Michiru takes the throne of the country and promises to rule.
His father did.
His team decides to take a vacation.
Kakashi is immobilized.
He recovers.
When Kakashi s group leaves.
He will one day rekindle his relationship.
<EOS>
The film has a very thin plot.
Is no more to link together the concert footage.
It concerns the adventures.
Who normally presents a through-the-night country and western-themed show.
He is sent by the station s boss to get an in-depth interview with the group.
Whose fame and stature neither he nor Ashley have the first clue about  which is to be aired.
Needless to say  Ashley   singularly fails  mainly.
Who has never done an interview before.
He has forgotten to pack his press card  although the fact that he is unable to buy a ticket does nt help matters either.
Armed  Ashley is forced to follow the group all over Australia  beginning in Sydney  and then travelling  in order  to Perth  Adelaide  and Melbourne  experiencing repeated run-ins with the group s very protective bodyguard  as well as his increasingly exasperated boss.
We see Ashley interviewing members of the public  asking them if and why they like ABBA - most comments are positive.
Eventually  Ashley has an unbelievably lucky chance encounter.
Who agrees to arrange an interview.
But Ashley sleeps in and misses the appointed interview time.
He steps and finds himself face-to-face with ABBA.
As Ashley is about to give up.
They agree to give him an interview.
He leaves Melbourne just to meet the deadline for the radio show to go out.
He puts together the final edit  as ABBA depart Australia for Europe.
Ashley makes it back to the radio station.
Where  having set  he relaxes at his control desk to listen as the interview -- which he worked so long and hard to obtain -- is broadcast over the airwaves Down Under.
<EOS>
Little information was revealed in the film s teaser trailer.
He was quoted as saying.
Nothing was set.
<EOS>
The film opens.
Who are camping.
A Bigfoot-like creature invades their campsite and kills the two.
The next five minutes play like a faux-documentary with a narrator  Dr David Stone explaining the story of the Bigfoot.
The film then changes Milton St.
John asks Stone   to lead an expedition in an effort to capture the Bigfoot.
It can kill anymore people.
Stone does not want to capture the beast  but agrees to try to take photos and videos.
The next day  Stone s graduate assistant  Wendy  convinces Stone to let her come along.
Stone agrees and takes Wendy.
He previously took.
Stone and Wendy  along depart in a van to begin the expedition  but stop along the way to ask directions of a guitarist  Crazy Joe.
The group hike fifteen miles.
They set up camp and exchange monster stories.
When they arrive.
Stone and Wendy share a tent.
Where she confesses she has had a crush since she was an undergraduate.
The next morning  Stone and Wendy discover.
The others have gone.
John s hired hands  Dan.
Stone leaves Dan and Wendy to look.
Bob and Jay are killed.
Dan assaults Stone and takes Wendy hostage.
He ties Stone up and   forces them through the forest.
Stone escapes and encounters a group.
Who he deals.
Dan abandons.
Darlene and Wendy escapes and finds Stone.
Dan is killed.
Stone and Wendy escape.
<EOS>
David Thewlis plays eccentric English pianist and composer Mr Kinsky.
Who lives.
Thandie Newton plays his housemaid Shandurai  an African refugee.
Whose husband is a political prisoner.
Kinsky falls.
Which she is often mad.
Once  having presented her ring  he dares to express the love.
He feels.
She refuses him angrily.
She shouts  Get my husband out.
When he asks her what he should do to make her love him.
He still immensely loves her and   he is selling precious things from his home  memories from the past.
Order to help her.
Shandurai becomes his muse and inspiration.
Finally  he will sell his essence  piano  completely giving.
She does nt return it.
I am just not good enough.
When an African priest asks him why he does nt give concerts.
But everything else suggest  but also.
He is  and not.
Is the fact.
Even Shandurai will reveal him.
Shandurai s feelings   are going to loyalty   quite conversely.
The movie goes on.
When it comes.
Whereas. 
She more and more feels and loves the music  finally being completely seduced by it.
That second love is growing.
She has to choose between love for Englishman and loyalty to her husband  but  it seems.
The film ends.
If the choice has nt happened at all.
Thus  a viewer is stuck in the very same moment of agony.
Which Shandurai stays  aware that any decision goes.
<EOS>
Musician Charlie Rogers is fired at a teahouse run by Lou after brawling with several college students in the parking lot.
Charlie hits the road on his Honda 305 Superhawk motorcycle.
He spots Cathy Lean driving.
Joe forces him.
When Charlie tries to become friendly.
The bike is wrecked.
Maggie offers him a place to stay and a job.
The bike is being repaired.
Charlie becomes a carnie  a roustabout.
Maggie recognizes his musical talents and promotes him to feature attraction.
His act soon draws large crowds.
Charlie romances Cathy.
Creates animosity.
Charlie is accused.
Joe was accused.
Once again  he is a great success.
However   he returns.
When Charlie learns that Maggie is facing bankruptcy.
He is happily reunited with Cathy.
<EOS>
Mortimer Thompson and Steve Craig are a pair.
Broke  they arrange to have dinner thinking.
He will help them.
Gibbs and his daughter Gloria do nt have that much money too and think.
Steve and Mortimer will help them too.
Gibbs is hiding from gangsters.
Mortimer  Gibbs and Gloria are finished with their dinner in the restaurant.
Gibbs gets shot.
Steve and Mortimer hurry to leave the restaurant.
They get hurt.
Steve reminds Mortimer.
They forgot.
Mortimer does nt care to go back and get Gloria.
Steve convinces him to.
Gloria stay s for a night at their place.
Gloria takes Mortimer s bed  so Mortimer has to sleep.
Later on they try to put Gloria.
Steve felt bad.
She was crying not to go there so he did nt give her.
So Steve and Mortimer try to take care with the help of Jean  a hat check girl at their hotel.
They live in.
Steve and Mortimer find out so they try to make money off  Gloria also helps them sell their fake watches too  Gloria finds out.
Gloria could sing and dance.
She does nt like the idea  but Steve and Mortimer still do it.
Steve goes  but the gangster refuses to pay Steve the money  Steve threatens to kill the gangster and later on the gangster is actually found dead.
He gambled.
Steve is the suspect.
He did nt do.
Jean puts Gloria.
She thinks that Steve and Mortimer ai nt responsible enough to take care.
Another gang kidnaps Gloria to force Steve out  Steve later on convinces the gangsters to release Gloria  and just about  the police  tipped of by Mortimer and Jean  arrive at the hideout.
They are trying to kill him.
His name cleared  Steve marries Jean and adopt Gloria  and also open a roadside cafe.
<EOS>
France .
The retired Colonel Raoul Duplan is shot.
The young army officer Galois leads the investigation.
The police is baffled.
Shortly thereafter  she receives a letter containing some diary pages.
Who served in the Algerian war under the command Duplan and disappeared in 1957 under mysterious circumstances.
Every day Galois receives a continuation.
Which Rossi describes to Duplan and his dirty methods.
Rossi had.
Eventually Galois recognizes.
Who shot Duplan.
<EOS>
Padayappa is an engineer.
Who visits his hometown to attend his sister s wedding.
His sister is engaged.
Padayappa s father s foster brother demands a share in the family property.
However  standing true  Padayappa s father gives the entire property to him.
The family property should not be divided.
His family is then forced to leave their home.
Unable to bear this shock  his father suddenly dies.
His sister s wedding is then cancelled.
The groom chose to marry someone offering him a greater dowry and married his uncle s daughter.
Also  Nilambiri  the spoiled daughter  is in love with him.
Meanwhile  Padayappa finds out.
The hill that he owns is made.
He digs it out and becomes famous.
He uses the money.
His family  once again  is able to settle down.
His sister gets married.
Padayappa maintains his father s position.
Padayappa is.
She goes crazy.
When Nilambari finds this out.
Her parents beg Padayappa s widowed mother to allow Nilambari to marry Padayappa.
Padayappa obeys his mother s orders to get married.
However  Padayappa s mother becomes wise and tells off her brother  giving a proposal of marriage to Vasundhara s mother instead of her brother  not letting her brother forget the humiliation.
He put her.
Nilambari s dad commits suicide.
Nilambari tries to kill Vasundhara  but is not successful.
Nilambari retreats into a room in her brother s house  only having Padayappa in her mind for 18 years.
However   she plans her revenge.
When her brother finally wakes her up.
Nilambari s brother also has a son  Chandru Prakash.
Who studies.
He is told.
He should make Padayappa s daughter fall with him.
Padayappa plans to get his eldest daughter married to his sister s son.
The groom and bride are asked.
They both are not being forced to marry each other.
Nilambari s plan is to make.
Padayappa s daughter say that she does nt wish to get married that her parents want her to marry and that she is in love with someone else and in that process get Padayappa humiliated.
Her plan works.
Padayappa retaliates and makes his daughter s lover confess.
He really fell with her  even though he was told only to act.
Padayappa decides to take him  with Nilambari and her brother chasing behind.
The chase sees Nilambari s brother killed.
The marriage takes place.
Nilambari reaches the temple.
Where the marriage is conducted and in anger tries to kill Padayappa.
But Padayappa succeeds.
Nilambari commits suicide.
Rather than live.
<EOS>
Baby Ella is given the gift of obedience by her obnoxious and misguided fairy godmother  Lucinda.
This turns out to be more  making.
Ella do anything she is told to do  no matter how terrible or physically impossible.
Some years later  Ella s mother dies.
Eventually Ella s father   remarries a wealthy socialite.
His greedy new wife  Dame Olga  and her two spoiled daughters Hattie and Olive treat Ella poorly.
They eventually realize Ella s obedience  and begin making her life miserable.
Ella  now a beautiful young woman  happens to meet Prince Charmont  the young  attractive  and very popular heir  they began to like each other.
Hattie and Olive decide to pursue Char themselves.
Ella can not bear to live  so she resolves to find Lucinda  the only one.
Who can remove the spell.
Mandy  the household fairy and the only other person  introduces her boyfriend  he is in the form of a book but can help Ella by showing things such as pictures of people in their current surroundings.
Who knows.
Ella encounters an elf named Slannen.
Who wants to be a lawyer as the kingdom s laws now require.
Slannen joins Ella.
They are captured.
Who prepare to cook and eat them.
They are rescued.
He then accompanies her.
Where Ella hopes to find Lucinda.
The prince and Ella begin to fall.
They make their way there.
They pass a plantation.
Where giants are working.
Ella tries to open Char s eyes.
There  Ella is forced to perform a rendition to Love  performed by Freddie Mercury.
Char then suggests.
Ella should come to his palace to visit the Hall of Records and track down Lucinda faster.
Charmont s uncle  Sir Edgar  has Ella s gift called to his attention by his talking snake  Heston  voiced by.
Who has been spying.
Ella s stepsisters explain.
When Edgar offers them Char s hand.
She does everything she is told.
Edgar knows.
Prince Charmont intends to propose marriage orders her to stab him to death and not to tell anyone of the plan.
Sir Edgar also reveals.
He murdered Prince Charmont s father.
To prevent the murder  Ella asks Slannen to tie her to a tree outside the city and to find the giants.
They can help.
Lucinda now appears.
Who asks her to undo the gift.
Offended  Lucinda refuses  saying.
If Ella no longer wants the spell  she must remove it herself.
She unties Ella and gives her a fancy dress and tells her to attend the ball.
Charmont almost immediately takes her and asks her to marry him.
When Ella gets.
Ella is about to stab him.
Edgar provided  when she realizes how to free herself.
This saves Prince Charmont.
But Edgar is watching the entire scene.
He orders the guards in  to lock her up and have her executed.
Ella can explain why she tried to kill him.
Meanwhile  Slannen gets the giants.
The ogres come to help as well.
They sneak just before the coronation.
They rescue Ella and find out.
Sir Edgar is poisoning the crown that is to be put.
Ella barges in along and screams  Drop that crown.
When the crown is just inches.
Ella has time to explain to Char everything.
Has happened.
Heston tries to bite Char  but is stopped and trampled by members of Char s fan club.
When Sir Edgar s forces lose the battle.
This shows.
Ella was telling the truth.
Edgar admits everything  saying.
It was justified because he is the only one fit to wear the crown.
Then  carried away  he puts it dramatically on his own head  and promptly collapses from the poison.
He survives.
Char and Ella kiss  her stepsisters arrive and order her to stop kissing.
She is delighted to refuse.
Ella then walks up and takes her mother s necklace back from her.
Char once again asks Ella to marry him.
She agrees.
The movie ends.
<EOS>
The film follows a group of teenagers living in a fictional planned community called New Granada.
The film begins hanging out at the rec.
Is the only place.
Mark Perry and his friend shoot a hole in the windshield of a passing patrol car with a BB gun and flee through New Grenada on their bikes.
They pass Carl and Ritchie and tell them to hide.
The police are.
Sgt.
Ed Doberman  arrives shortly  spots the boys  and pulls them.
He searches them and finds a three-inch pocket knife  so he shoves the pair into the patrol car  takes them to the station  and calls Carl s father Fred  to come pick up the boy and warns him about the pair s delinquent behavior.
Carls father Fred Willat is the owner and is well-connected within New Grenada s business community.
Back  Doberman is questioning Ritchie and Carl about  I only got.
Who had the BB gun when Ritchie utters the most famous quote.
One law  a kid who tells  is a dead kid.
Ritchie is then taken out.
Doberman continues lecturing Carl and warns him that  if he continues his bad behavior  he will likely end up.
Once home  Carl goes upstairs on his headphones.
The next day  Carl and Ritchie tell Claude about their misadventure with the police.
Claude announces.
He took speed to prepare.
The audience is not sure.
The image shown is the actual painting or merely Claude s ghastly  nightmarish hallucination.
Afterward  the students are assembled.
Where Carl exchanges looks and smiles.
That evening  Carl gets dressed to go out and then goes downstairs and asks his father across from the rec.
Fred tells him  telling him.
It would be a better reason to move to New Grenada than a bowling alley  -LSB- sic -RSB- and the apoplectic Carl storms out to go join his friends over at the rec.
The kids have brought pot  alcohol  and music.
Where Claude buys a gram from his friend Tip.
An announcement spreads through the crowd of kids.
The group migrates there to encounter a burgeoning party replete.
Are. 
Carl is handed a joint to the basement.
Where he sees Mark making out on a couch.
Coming over  Mark threatens Carl by saying.
If he mentions his name  he ll be eating through a tube  then melts away into the party.
Carl gets upset  telling her.
She could do a lot better.
Carl then leaves.
They jump him  beat him up  and take his money.
Carl is walking home alone.
He tries to avoid his parents seeing the cuts and bruises  but fails.
When Carl gets home.
Carl gets.
Questioned  but  when refusing to tell them who jumped him  runs upstairs and locks himself.
Fred and Jerry Cole then talk.
The Rec is closed the next day  when Sloan comes to visit.
The next day is talking about Carl s event.
He only releases the names to Claude  Ritchie  Johnny  and Alan  another friend of theirs.
Julia  The Rec counselor  goes outside to talk about The Rec staying open.
They re talking.
Doberman goes inside and searches Claude  finding the gram  and taking him in.
However   Ritchie is standing  and makes the cops chase him around the grounds.
When they walk outside.
Carl  and Ritchie go to get sodas.
When the cops finally leave.
Where Ritchie gives Carl firecrackers.
They then get and ride around the neighborhood.
Where they find Cory and her best friend Abby running out  carrying a plastic bag.
They stop them  and grab the bag  finding a gun.
The girls stole.
They then all go.
Carl and Ritchie call their condo.
Cory gets up and starts dancing  with the gun in her hand  pointing it at Carl playfully  but the gun goes off.
Carl scares everyone.
He is shot.
The group then goes their separate ways.
He sees Sloan s car  and  upset at his father  places the firecrackers given to him by Ritchie in the car s engine.
When Carl gets home.
That when the car is turned on  they will light.
Sloan and his boys  scared  then leave  but not.
If he does nt stop to listen  it will come back to bite him.
The next day  Carl calls Claude and Johnny  telling them to come.
They all show up.
Carl is the only one.
Claude tells them.
It was Tip who sold him the hash.
Cory announces.
Tip had recently gotten busted.
They then decide to pay Tip a visit.
The girls ransack his kitchen.
The boys hold Tip down and interrogate him.
Tip tells them.
He told Doberman who he sold the hash  because he was arrested last month.
Ritchie then points the gun  preparing to shoot Tip.
Johnny lights a firecracker that makes a gun sound.
Tip s mother interprets.
The boys throw Tip in the water under his porch.
Cory runs over and gives him a kiss  showing him.
Cory and Abby leave Carl and Ritchie.
She likes him as much as he likes her.
His mother tells him.
When Carl gets home.
He is forbidden to see Claude or Ritchie any longer  and that The Rec will be closed until a new counselor can be found.
Carl gets.
He smacks him  causing him to  once again  lock himself in his room.
When Carl takes a swing.
The next day  in science class  Carl overhears Tip s mother and the school s principal talking in a connected classroom.
Tip s mother tells the principal the names.
Assaulted her son.
This causes Carl.
He then grabs Ritchie.
They run home.
Ritchie grabs his gun.
They steal his mother s car  leaving town.
However  Doberman sees.
Them leave  and chases them.
Carl begs Ritchie to throw the gun out of the car.
He refuses.
The car then gets.
Flipped over  the two boys running.
Ritchie points the gun.
Who mistakes it.
Carl then runs.
Ritchie is really dead.
She brings a sleeping bag.
They spend the night together.
Carl runs home to grab money.
Cory leaves.
He sees Mark riding his dirt bike.
He takes Mark s B.
B.
Gun  and shoots him  causing him to flip over his bike.
Mark then sits down  talking about.
What they re going to do.
They then decide.
Their fight was stupid.
They make up.
Then Carl goes home.
He sees his mother  to talk about the new trend of violence with the children.
Climbing through an upstairs window.
He then locks himself  and gets on the phone  asking his parents.
They wish he got shot  too.
Carl goes to The Rec.
Where  all are.
They then make a plan to show the parents.
They need to listen  lock them in the school s auditorium  and wreck the school.
Carl climbs  entering the school through a sun window above a science classroom.
The kids then take their bike chains and lock the gates surrounding the auditorium.
The children decide.
The only thing that will make them feel better is to trash the school  and all.
However   all hell breaks loose.
When they find guns.
The kids run.
Claude and Johnny agree to take her home  but not gives a phone to Julia.
When Cory almost gets blown up  and ca nt find Carl.
Who is sitting.
Julia calls the police.
All split  some getting arrested.
Soon as they hear sirens.
The police unlock the auditorium doors.
Doberman runs out to find Carl.
He gets  and drives down the road.
He finds Carl.
He handcuffs him  and tells him.
He will have to go for a couple of weeks.
However  Mark  B.
Who is waiting down the road.
B.
Gun  shoots the car  causing Doberman to run it into The Rec.
Doberman gets knocked out.
The Rec catches.
Carl grabs Doberman s keys  and unlocks himself.
He runs away  and stops and turns around just to see The Rec blow up  killing Doberman.
The final scene shows Carl  coming handcuffed out of the police station.
Carl stops and hugs his parents  and is then escorted by Lincoln  another police officer.
He is sat  and driven down the highway to The Hill.
However   they see Claude  Johnny  and Cory waving.
When they go.
Carl then turns around to face the front  quite content with the fact.
His friends are safe  and that Cory still loves him.
<EOS>
A reveler croons to the rest of the room and has his hair suddenly pulled off by a curious friend.
The bald crooner then has a psychotic break and starts killing everyone.
Jerry Zipkin  is wrongly accused  and tries to gather evidence to prove his innocence with the help of Alicia Sweeney.
He discovers called Blue Sunshine.
10 years prior  a group had taken a new form of LSD.
Causes its users to lose their hair and become homicidal maniacs many years after their trip is over.
Zipkin manages to defeat the crazed bodyguard  and save the shopping mall discotheque by carefully remembering the advice of the gun shop employee.
<EOS>
The plot functions like in Fire and Ice.
Mainly deal.
It also contains heavy product placement.
Roger Moore plays an entrepreneur.
Who is.
His children and several companies participate in several sporting events for his $ 135 million estate - winner takes all.
Additionally  a family tries to get to the money.
The movie contains a cameo.
<EOS>
The film is a biographical account.
Who became a social activist.
Born as Chindi  Sindhutai was first married off at the age of 12 to a man and then abandoned by her husband on charges of infidelity.
Who was 20 years elder.
Travelling  the braveheart never abandoned hope and courage and ended up in San Jose on a fund-raising mission for her orphanage.
Still provides shelter.
<EOS>
Renjani  a former ballerina and rape victim  and Wid  a doctor and daughter  are two women.
Who aborted the resulting foetus.
Who volunteer with several disabilities in Yogyakarta.
One day   Renjani notes.
Practicing her dancing.
Dewa  a tiny eight-year-old  is responding.
This convinces her.
Music therapy could promote healing.
Renjani later asks Bhisma  a violinist  they later fall.
She met  to assist him.
He prepares.
Bhisma writes a song  Biola Tak Berdawai.
Renjani and Dewa attend the recital.
Renjani faints and is rushed  the cause is later discovered to be cervical cancer.
Renjani dies  at her grave  Dewa plays Biola Tak Berdawai as Bhisma listens.
<EOS>
Two girls  Christine and Reagan  find themselves paired.
Christine  a diligent student  mourns the recent loss in an automobile accident.
Reagan wants to enjoy all.
College has to offer.
College equals sex  drugs and rock n  roll.
Reagan convinces Christine to come.
They both find it fun and provocative.
She urges Christine to join.
When Christine s professor finds out that she might get accepted.
The professor thinks.
The sorority is a sinister force  taking souls and ruining the lives.
She might find the truth.
Christine can infiltrate their ranks.
She accepts and is introduced.
When she gets a bid.
Christine finds herself and delves into new pleasures.
The stage is set into the world of darkness.
When the final initiation ceremony arrives.
The outcome is far.
<EOS>
Srikrishna grows up watching films playing.
Which his father works.
Satya is harassed.
Who wants to marry her.
Satya escapes.
Srikrishna falls the first time.
He meets her.
Srikrishna protects her and drops her in the house of the politician.
He wins Vicky s confidence.
Then  he plays.
A one sided game.
The police turn against him and arrest Vicky and his parents.
Were working.
Satya and Srikrishna get married.
<EOS>
Becky Sharp  a socially ambitious English young lady manages to survive.
She manages to link up with a number of gentlemen  the Marquis of Steyne  Joseph Sedley  Rawdon Crawley  and George Osborne.
She rises and becomes the scourge of the social circle  offending the other ladies such as Lady Bareacres.
Finally  Sharp falls.
But Becky never stays down.
<EOS>
San Francisco.
Two teenagers playing hide and seek in an abandoned railway depot only to find themselves in a freight exchange affettuse pampering.
A white van arrives and points a gun toward a large LCD clock.
The boys copulate  the cannon fires all around and catches fire and melts.
<EOS>
Five unemployed Parisian workers  Jeannot  Charlot  Raymond  called Tintin  Jacques  and a foreigner.
Mario  who is threatened  win the main prize in the National Lottery.
One  Jeannot  has the idea of putting the money together.
The group can buy an old suburban wash house  that they will transform into a guinguette - a dancing and refreshment cafe in the country.
They will be equal.
They get down.
But the solidarity proves fragile.
Soon enough the group is reduced.
Who are.
The ending  judged too pessimistic  was.
Critics have associated the film.
Duvivier was certainly not.
The film was made and coincided with the early days of the Leon Blum government and the strikes calling for better conditions.
It should be pointed out nonetheless  so the film does not limit itself.
Duvivier s portrayal was canonical by.
It is.
The men do not get to fulfil their dream of setting up their guinguette.
While economically they can be solidaires -  sexually they can not.
Therefore  it is sex before politics.
Drives the narrative.
<EOS>
Who the Hell is Juliette.
The director immediately complies.
The card is corrected.
Ortega is a 16-year-old girl.
Who is being taken care.
Her mother committed suicide.
Her father left his family and went.
Ortega became a jinetera to support herself.
Ortega meets 23-year-old Fabiola Quiroz.
Who is a Mexican model.
Both Quiroz and Ortega have been abandoned and are deeply scarred by.
What has happened.
Director Carlos Marcovich organizes a reunion and her father.
Who lives.
Finally  to save Ortega  Fabiola Quiroz helps her arrange a modeling interview.
Salma Hayek and Francesco Clemente make guest appearances.
<EOS>
Bimbo shows up.
His assistant s to help Betty move house.
Bimbo takes one glance  and falls in love with her.
Bimbo then sing.
S Hello Beautiful.
They then load up the moving  she then move s.
Van and Betty sits up.
<EOS>
Austin Spencer  a newspaper publisher  wants to prove a point  talks his possible son-in-law Tom Garrett into a hoax in an attempt to expose the alleged ineptitude of the city s hard-line district attorney.
The plan is to have Tom plant clues leading for killing a female nightclub dancer  Patty Gray.
He is to reveal the setup and humiliate the DA.
Tom is found guilty.
Tom agrees  not knowing.
Unforeseen events will put such a snag.
Spencer dies.
He can testify.
Photographic evidence intended to clear Tom is burned to an unrecognisable state.
Tom is found guilty and placed.
A written testimony is found in time to demonstrate the veracity of the two men s intentions.
Garrett is to be pardoned.
However  a slip leads him to confess.
Gray or rather Emma Blucher  the murder victim  is actually Tom Garrett s estranged wife.
Who had rescinded.
He had murdered.
This would prevent Garrett.
Garrett s potential pardon is rejected to prevent the double jeopardy rule coming into effect.
He is returned.
<EOS>
This folktale story is set.
Where Roopa  lives.
Roopa s right cheek was burned by a pot of oil  leaving part of her face disfigured.
Henceforth  Roopa keeps her right cheek hidden.
Roopa remains religious and goes to the village Hindu temple daily  singing hymns and devotional songs.
The protagonist Rajeev  is a dashing engineer.
Who arrives.
He suffers.
He hears Roopa s religious singing and meets her  but somehow does nt pay attention  and falls in love with her.
He then asks her father permission to marry her.
He discovers the truth  and thinks.
He was cheated and forced to marry someone else  at which point he disowns Roopa and drives her out.
Roopa decides to meet him  using a veil to hide the charred side of her face.
Rajeev spends his days hating his wife.
His nights loving his mistress  not knowing they are both the same woman - Roopa.
Together  they make.
Love and Roopa gets pregnant.
He suspects her and still refuses to believe this.
When Rajeev finds out that his wife is pregnant.
His mistress and wife are one and the same.
A terrible storm ravages the village  breaking open the dam.
Rajeev had come to build.
Rajeev realises.
Shallow he had been  and saves Roopa.
<EOS>
Johnny Munroe travels to build a mountain railroad tunnel for Frederick Alexander  a wealthy industrialist.
Complications arise.
When Alexander insists and when his daughter Maura develops a romantic interest with Johnny.
<EOS>
A woman named.
Jamie comes after numerous phone calls to her grandmother have gone unanswered.
Her grandmother s apartment block   is empty.
Is built next.
Jamie discovers.
Her grandmother has received a notice.
She goes to see Det.
Armbrister  help.
Who is not much.
Jamie runs.
The do nt speak.
Jamie teaches them.
To play a video game  which involves shooting zombies.
Another kid arrives  demanding a quarter.
She leaves.
She can play the game.
Jamie later meets a mysterious priest.
Who does not say anything.
She returns  Jamie go home.
Jamie questions the manager  Jerry.
He is so stoned.
He is useless.
Jamie enters the basement and finds a crop.
She flees.
When she hears a group.
She runs.
Who tells her to keep out.
She later meets two more tenants  an old man.
Who swears.
And a young woman named Tiffany  a stripper.
Jerry invites Jamie on the roof  she agrees to go in a few minutes.
Jerry takes a bite of corn and discovers.
There is blood inside.
Then he is thrown off by the creepy children.
Jamie goes and sees the priest watching her from below.
Jamie has a nightmare.
Which her grandmother was lured by a strange voice.
She was lured and was hit by a train.
The next day  Jamie goes to see Det.
Armbrister was part.
Who reveals Jamie s grandmother.
When she was a kid.
The kids   committed suicide.
Who were led.
Only Jamie s grandmother survived.
Jamie s grandmother s apartment is built.
This is ironic.
Jamie s parents were killed.
Tiffany returns home and   she is attacked.
Taking a bath.
Who uses corn to strangle her.
Det.
Armbrister and Jamie arrive  but do nt notice Tiffany s body lying nearby in the cornfield.
Later.
Armbrister leaves  the old man is attacked by the kids and is pushed through a stair balcony and falls to his death.
Jamie returns.
Is ransacked.
She spots a kid wearing her grandmother s hat and chases.
It is revealed.
The shopkeeper was decapitated.
Jamie returns.
Where she runs.
He reveals.
Everyone else has disappeared and that he is leaving.
The kids trap him.
He makes his escape.
Scare him so much.
He has a heart attack and dies.
The kids then drag off his body.
The priest arrives and explains.
Who Walks.
The priest tells Jamie.
Her grandmother is dead and that if she does not leave  she too will be killed.
The priest then leaves.
Some arrive and take Jamie down to the basement.
Where there are now rows.
Abel appears.
The children close in.
One reveals.
Herself to be Jamie s grandmother and though she is a child  speaks.
Jamie runs.
Abel uses his power to prevent her.
Cornered  Jamie faces Abel and the children.
Who ask her to join them.
Jamie agrees  but it is only a distraction.
She causes a gas explosion  but Abel is unscathed.
Abel uses corn stalks to tie down Jamie.
She is rescued.
Armbrister.
They both manage to escape.
The apartment explodes and destroys the corn as well.
It is implied.
Abel was killed.
<EOS>
Jack is a former womanizer and fashion photographer.
Who is put when she leaves to find herself.
He attempts to revive his career while re-establishing a relationship with his nephew and son.
Eli  his sister s ex-husband moves in.
He loses his job.
<EOS>
An ex-lounge singer revisiting Las Vegas encounters a cop with.
Whom she d had an affair years before  and who comes during the subsequent fast-paced mayhem.
Hoagy Carmichael portrays Happy  the eccentric pianist.
Where the singer used to work.
<EOS>
Her poor farming family is forced.
When Guan Ermei s grandfather falls terminally ill.
Selling their pigs  they discover.
Order to purchase cedar in order to make a casket.
The money is insufficient to purchase the wood.
Guan Ermei s father therefore attempts to illegally cut down a cedar tree.
When he is caught and fined.
Even further  the family arranges to sell Ermei to a drunken but wealthy peasant.
Ermei  disgusted  flees to the city and seeks out her friend Maonu.
Maonu sets Ermei  and also introduces her to a young man  Qian Liansheng.
Soon  Ermei and Liansheng have fallen.
Liansheng remains unfaithful.
Ermei eventually returns home and marries Zhang Suo  bearing him a child.
Ermei takes.
When her son falls ill.
Maonu  however  has moved.
Enamored  the family returns home after Ermei s son has recovered.
Ermei discovers the joy of simply playing with her son.
<EOS>
A man enters a restaurant.
The waiter makes him soup.
The waiter s dog runs and eats everything.
When he brings his dessert.
Is. 
The waiter forces the dog not to rush.
The cook prepares a pie.
But the dog has all the same started to eat the pie.
It has been served.
<EOS>
Railroad supervisor Carl Buckley gets fired.
He persuades his seductive wife to pay a visit.
Order to try to get his job back.
He smacks her around.
When Buckley suspects that his sexy  younger wife Vicki has done more than just talk.
He then jealously stalks his rival  finally stabbing him.
Locomotive engineer and Korean War vet  Jeff Warren observed Vicki  but shields her at the inquest.
She sets his pulse racing.
The two begin an affair.
Is hard to keep quiet.
Vicki then starts scheming to kill her increasingly drunk and violent husband.
<EOS>
The natives are engaged in a guerrilla war against the French rule of Syria.
Harry Smith is an amoral American black marketeer secretly selling them weapons.
French General LaSalle orders.
The situation deteriorates.
Civilians be executed each time his soldiers are killed.
His head persuades him to rescind the plan.
Feroud presses instead.
LaSalle reluctantly lets.
Him try to arrange a meeting  but refuses to let Feroud make contact directly.
The young officer sent is later found with his throat cut.
To complicate matters  Harry makes a pass.
She rejects him.
Later  she informs Feroud.
She wants to leave him.
He refuses to let her go.
Feroud finds out about Harry s gun running.
Harry is tipped off.
As Violetta shows up and begs him to take her back.
Needing to flee himself  he agrees to take her along.
However  a French patrol nearly captures Harry.
He barely gets away  but has to leave.
He is soon betrayed to the French.
Facing execution  Harry agrees to help Feroud meet.
Hassan calls the colonel a fool and dismisses his plea  but decides to spare his life.
When Harry and Feroud s aide Major Leon show up offering a 10000 pound ransom.
The officers are allowed to leave  Harry is not so lucky.
The rebels are angered  so they kill him.
He has revealed the location to the French and fear he has sold them out.
They notice.
Feroud and Leon walk back.
The incessant gunfire and explosions have stopped.
Feroud wonders aloud.
He has convinced Hassan to be.
<EOS>
Callan along with the help of weapon experts Riot  Backfire  War  Lucia and Shark battle an unstoppable evil empire led by Erlik in the city of Los Angeles.
Callan must stop him.
When an ancient Viking called Gunnar  comes in search of blood.
He destroys the world.
Erlik and his men Saw  London gangster English and Slag aided aim to defeat Callan by helping Gunnar.
Detective Nitti plans to find Callan and his team.
They do his job.
<EOS>
Confined  poor little rich boy Dickie would like to play with the neighborhood kids.
His overprotective mother will not let him.
However  Dickie sneaks out of his bedroom in search of adventure in the company of his best pal  Stymie.
Purchasing a ride  the boys  along with hitchhikers Spanky and Jacquie Lyn  experience enough thrills and excitement to last a lifetime.
When the taxi begins rolling down a steep hill.
<EOS>
It has been a year David went missing.
The worst year  one.
Has left him a broken man.
Chloe  an attractive French artist moves and expresses an interest in him  bringing him an abstract portrait as a gift.
They become.
An item and William s life appears to be taking a turn.
This is short lived however  as out.
His relationship starts to suffer.
William becomes very paranoid  believing a strange man is following him and sending him the messages.
William catches sight.
Finds Chloe  deeply upset after being attacked by the man and threatened.
She is instructed to give William a message  the whereabouts.
William and Chloe immediately embark.
Where the man has instructed them to find the grave.
They are greeted by the mysterious man  Harry.
Harry reveals his involvement.
Where the body is buried.
William attacks Harry and demands more information.
Harry  bloodied and bruised reveals.
It was not he who killed David  but Chloe.
William  deeply shocked listens.
Harry explains how Chloe seemingly accidentally asphyxiated David.
William snaps  believing Harry to be lying  he launches at him once again  only to impale him accidentally on a tree stump  killing him.
Chloe suddenly changes  revealing her true personality  and claiming  freeing her to David s death.
She planned to kill Harry all along.
William realises.
He is trapped  blackmailed.
<EOS>
Twenty year old Jerry returns Herb and Ruth to let.
He has dropped out to find himself.
His parents are worried not only  but the Vietnam War is raging.
They ve wasted expensive tuition.
Jerry has lost his draft deferral.
Jerry has plans to enter a Conservatorium.
He is confident.
Inspired  Jerry becomes a Big Brother to a black child named Marvis.
They visit a hospital.
When Jerry is slightly injured.
Where Jerry meets a nurse named Vanetta.
They soon fall despite Vanetta being older than Jerry and begin living with each other.
Jerry accidentally discovers an autographed photo.
Vanetta explains.
Tony is her husband.
They separated two years ago but are not divorced.
Tony pops.
Tony tells Jerry.
Vanetta promised to wait with Jerry leaving for Vanetta and Tony to clear their personal issues.
Jerry s streak continues.
When Marvis s brother is killed with Marvis taking his anger out on Jerry ending his relationship.
He is rejected for entry.
He has had no formal musical education.
Three times lucky  Herb visits Jerry to bring him his draft notice.
Jerry buys an old Ford Fairlane and intends.
His father agrees with Jerry but urges him to have his car inspected at the local gas station for safety prior to his departure.
He is supposed to take his induction physical Herb buys Jerry a set of new tyres.
He overhears Herb attempting to bribe the petrol station attendant to fix Jerry s car.
When Jerry looks.
It can not run.
Lucky Jerry bursts and drives his old heap out of the petrol station into another junk car being towed by a tow truck.
The final scene is.
Where the television news shows a dying Jerry being carried away.
<EOS>
Marshall Lawson is the commander.
Marshall loses all three of his men in a seemingly random attack.
He takes it to investigate the attack  with the help of his girlfriend Tia and his friend Dwayne.
Marshall uncovers CTX  a covert military drug so secret.
An arm named Werner wants Marshall eliminated.
And Tia was one.
Who developed CTX.
Reina  the hooker  was.
It turns out.
Who killed Marshall s team.
Turns whoever is into a seemingly unstoppable killer.
A Paris night club owner named.
Aroon was the other military scientist who helped develop CTX.
Now  Aroon has plans to release the CTX.
Would turn the city s residents.
Marshall  Tia  and Dwayne must stop Aroon and Werner.
That happens.
<EOS>
A landlord rules a village.
The jameen kills him.
When he is opposed.
Coming to know  Mambattiyan kills the influential person and those in support of him.
A group join hands with Mambattiyan.
They lead a life.
Mambattiyan becomes the local Robin Hood.
Meanwhile  police forces led go from pillar to post to nab Mambattiyan.
This is the start.
Also  Mambattiyan has romance.
Realizes this and reports it to prakash raj.
When Sornam raises a green flag that means she needs him to come an officer.
So one all of his gang members die.
Prasath tells bullet an informer to tell kannathal.
They can go.
The bullet shoots him because so meera jasmine hits him.
Whoever captures mambattiyan gets a rewards.
He dies then meera dies too.
Prakash raj is sad.
The whole village is crying.
He takes prasanth s chain.
<EOS>
The Alcazar is a historical fortification taken by Franquist troops during the Spanish Civil War.
The Republicans invest the Alcazar and besiege it.
The siege was lifted with the Army of Africa.
<EOS>
Two police officers knock.
This man is Rip Porter.
He lives.
The police say.
They are checking in.
They find Wendy injured.
When they walk upstairs.
They then arrest Rip.
He spends the next seven years.
It is unknown.
If domestic assault was Rip s only crime.
He is an alcoholic and may have had a prior criminal record.
Seven years later  Rip is released.
Wendy picks him up to take him home.
Rip has changed  he is now sober and has taken anger management courses.
Rip talks to Wendy about starting a family.
Wendy has kept a secret.
He went  and tells Rip of this secret.
She gave birth after Rip went to prison.
Rip is the father.
She tells him  and the couple.
She gave the baby up.
Who adopted him are the Campbells who live.
Rip is immediately driven to regain custody  and has a right to do.
Because he never signed the adoption papers.
Jack and Molly Campbell enjoyed an idyllic life and love him very much.
One phone call shatters their world.
When they learn that Rip Porter has just been released and discovered a loophole in the adoption papers and now lays claim to his son.
Molly and Jack learn  they are distraught.
They must give Joey over.
They can no longer keep the son they have raised.
Jack Campbell tries every legal avenue.
He can find.
He speaks.
His lawyer tells him.
There is nothing he can do.
Jack then contacts a congressman friend  but the congressman also tells him.
There is nothing.
He can do to help them.
Jack travels to Ohio and tries to offer Rip money in exchange for Rip legally signing Joey over permanently to Jack and Molly.
Rip refuses  and gets.
There are no charges pressed.
Jack would also go.
Jack and Molly have no choice.
To allow Joey to visit his biological parents  Wendy and Rip Porter.
Joey s first visit goes exceptionally well.
Rip has been working hard.
They work.
When Joey arrives.
Wendy and Rip are grateful to have an opportunity to spend time.
He excitedly tells them.
When Joey returns home.
However  Joey s second trip s does not go well.
He started drinking again  most likely due to the stress of the situation  he could no longer control his repressed alcoholism.
Joey refuses.
Whenever Rip instructs Joey to go and take a shower.
Rip is.
Joey s constant refusal to wash up eventually causes Rip to lose his temper.
He takes Joey.
He accidentally puts a bruise.
Not intentionally doing so.
Wendy tells him.
Joey leaves.
Joey does so.
Wendy tells Rip.
He leaves.
She arranged to have Joey spend an extra week before he permanently returns to them.
This upsets Rip.
He hits Wendy.
He shows his bruise  and tells them.
When Joey returns home.
What happened.
They are very upset  and make a decision.
Molly s sister and her husband had been inviting Jack and Molly to join them to Haiti.
Jack and Molly decide to take advantage by telling Molly s sister.
The courts have decided to send an investigative commission before Joey can return there.
Molly claims.
A friend has helped to arrange this.
Molly s sister is suspicious  and calls the congressman.
He proves her suspicions correct.
When he states that he has not helped Jack and Molly.
Jack  Molly  and Joey travel with Molly s sister and her husband.
Jack has arranged to fly out of Haiti to another country  therefore running away from the possibility of having to send Joey back to the Porter s.
However  Molly s sister called Allyson Bower  the child services agent  and told her about the situation.
The Haitian police force was notified.
They stopped Jack.
He could drive the family.
The Campbells are returned.
They meet.
She tells them.
Wendy Porter is there to see them.
Rip and Wendy reconciled at their home.
Rip felt tremendous regret.
He had treated Joey and Wendy.
It is shown.
He will continue to receive help and guidance  in the hope of becoming a better man.
Wendy tells the Campbells.
Rip never meant to hurt Joey  but that he is not ready to be a father.
Jack apologizes for trying to bribe Rip and asks her to express his condolences to Rip.
Ultimately  Wendy agrees to give Joey over permanently and signs a revised adoption paper.
Rip had also signed.
They realize.
The Campbells truly love Joey and can not live even though he is nt biologically their child.
Wendy and Rip still love him  but they realize.
Living is the best option for Joey right now.
She expresses.
Wendy tells Joey goodbye.
She hopes that she and Rip can have a relationship when he grows older.
They hug.
Joey returns.
The last scene shows Jack  Molly  and Joey sailing on Jack s boat  with Joey steering.
Plot Summary Dust.
<EOS>
Lefty Farrell links up.
The three concoct a scheme to rob a rich couple out by having Farrell pose as the couple s long-lost son.
Kirby and Mailer decide to kill them.
When the husband refuses to change his will.
Farrell confesses the scam.
Prompts Mailer to add him.
<EOS>
Mark Thackeray is a West Indian.
Who had taken teaching in a London East End school.
He spent twenty years teaching and ten.
He has taught the children  but is now retiring.
Thackeray s former students Pamela Dare and Barbara Pegg come.
Thackeray announces.
He is leaving where he will teach again.
He meets a former colleague Horace Weaver.
Who is the principal.
Thackeray learns.
There is an A class and an H class for the.
He convinces the principal to let him take the H class.
His new pupils are Hispanic  black and white kids.
Who are noisy  unruly and engaged.
He starts by teaching them some manners.
He addresses them  and expects to be called Mr Thackeray or Sir.
Little he learns their personal stories  Wilsie is a gang leader.
Who protects his younger brother.
Another is a black female.
Who battles.
Evie is growing up to avoid being fostered.
There is no infatuation with him among his pupils.
A fellow teacher Louisa Rodriguez admires him.
We also learn a bit.
He fell in love with a Chicago girl.
Whose father had come to build a mall.
They lost contact.
He went to study  became a teacher and got married.
He is now a widower but decided to take this teaching opportunity to find his earlier love.
He sets out to teach these troubled kids of their true potential.
They take their fate.
He teaches.
He confronts him and convinces him to yield the gun.
When he discovers Wilsie smuggling a gun.
Mr Thackeray delivers it.
Later  the police pressures him to give the name.
The gun was involved.
He refuses to give up the name and has to leave the school.
Meanwhile  Evie has taken a job and decides to investigate on the old Chicago love of Thackeray s.
The girl arranges an appointment.
Thackeray meets the son.
His mother  Emily Taylor  is ill.
Thackeray learns.
She loved him back.
Her father retained all his letters   so the young man is his son.
She had gotten pregnant.
Whom he had just met.
Thackeray learns.
Wilsie is hidden because he thinks that the police are.
His brother takes Thackeray.
The teacher convinces Wilsie to yield his new gun and confronts a rival gang.
Had come to fight Wilsie.
Wilsie and the friend explain themselves.
Who had got him the gun.
The pupils have been doing a stand in and force the principal to accept their beloved teacher back.
The film ends.
Mr Thackeray announces.
He is not going back but staying at Chicago to teach the new generation.
<EOS>
Judith Moore had.
What she thought was a perfect marriage  both she and her husband studying to be doctors.
But  her husband promptly leaves Judith to be.
She puts her studies to find a job and support them.
Depressed  she holes up.
Where the middle-aged Pat Francato serves.
He is as lonely.
She is  beset.
Judith and Pat make a connection.
Unfortunately   Judith sees only.
What he wishes to pursue.
Her friend Liz Bailey   makes attempts to improve Judith s love life as well as her own.
Who sings.
Judith s loneliness becomes overwhelming.
She misses -- he has found someone else.
What she had  it is too late.
<EOS>
Zorro has been captured and set  charged with the murder of the new Governor in Spanish California.
The Governor was marked.
Zorro escapes  and reveals his identity.
However  Isabella then has Don Diego arrested.
He convinces Isabella.
The Commandante was the real killer  as the Z was backwards.
Eventually  Isabella helps free Don Diego  the Commandante is killed.
Diego and Isabella reunite.
<EOS>
Crash Landing follows the tense hours a stricken passenger aircraft.
Was to Beijing.
The pilot discovers.
The plane s landing gear is unable to be retracted.
Unable to continue  but unable  are forced to circle Shanghai.
Meanwhile   a troubleshooter is called to see.
He can get the aircraft safely back.
<EOS>
Criminal defense attorney Mickey Haller operates.
Haller has spent most defending garden-variety criminals  including a member of a local biker gang   Louis Roulet  a Beverly Hills playboy and son of real estate mogul Mary Windsor  is accused of the brutal beating of prostitute Reggie Campo.
He lands the case.
Haller thinks  having simply been at the wrong time.
Roulet is innocent.
Haller and his investigator Frank Levin analyze.
The pictures and evidence  notably the injuries the victim sustained.
It bears a similarity.
Landed a previous client  Jesus Martinez  for murdering a Donna Renteria  despite always proclaiming his innocence.
Haller has a daughter.
Who has never appreciated Haller s efforts.
Haller begins to wonder.
He should have tried harder instead of convincing him to plead guilty in exchange for avoiding the death penalty.
Martinez becomes agitated.
When Haller visits him and shows him Roulet s picture.
Haller begins to suspect.
Roulet could be the real killer.
Bound  he can not tell the police.
What he has learned.
That night  Roulet breaks  nonchalantly admits to committing the murder  and makes veiled threats toward Haller s family.
Put Martinez.
Levin is shot after leaving a voicemail message claiming.
He has found Martinez s ticket out.
The murder weapon used is a.
22 caliber pistol.
Haller rushes.
22 Colt Woodsman is missing.
Haller is suspected.
The police discover that a Colt Woodsman is registered.
Haller believes.
It was stolen after he broke into Haller s home.
Obliged to do his best  Haller ruthlessly cross-examines the prostitute and discredits her in the jury s eyes.
However  Haller sets up a known prison informant.
Haller discredits him.
When the informant testifies.
The state later moves to dismiss all charges.
Roulet is set free.
The police then arrests him immediately based upon testimony.
Haller had coaxed out.
Haller acquires a Smith and Wesson pistol as a precaution against any retribution.
He may face.
Roulet is released due out immediately to kill Haller s wife and child.
Haller finds out to get them out of the house.
He is waiting.
Roulet arrives.
Haller draws his gun.
Roulet mockingly tells Haller.
He wo nt be able to guard his family this way every day.
Just then  a group.
Whom Haller has previously represented.
They brutally beat Roulet.
He says  The hospital  not the morgue.
Haller walks away.
He gets a call.
A parking ticket was issued in his pending murder trial that will support Martinez s release.
Haller discovers Roulet s mother  Mary Windsor  inside.
She shoots him.
Killed Levin  confessing that she committed that murder to protect her son.
Haller  wounded  draws the Smith and Wesson pistol  killing her.
Earl got and shoots Mary Windsor.
Haller learns.
The District Attorney will seek the death penalty.
Haller rides off  the biker gang.
He takes pro bono.
<EOS>
The movie starts by Vishwanath  ` Sisurvetti pasurvetti  vetti gana rasam phanihi.
We hope you appreciate our effort.
Shankarabharanam Shankara Sastri is a very popular Carnatic singer.
He is immersed with his nirantara saadhana.
People come to listen his voice and consider him a great man.
He has mastered the raga Shankarabharanam  and hence is eponymous.
Tulasi  is a prostitute s daughter.
Who has great interest.
She is also an admirer and learns music from him.
When he used to teach his own daughter.
But her mother wants her to become a prostitute to earn money.
One day a rich client.
He insults Sastri saying all she wanted.
Now that he was done  she could go and flirt with Sastri.
Enraged towards Sastri  her guru  she kills the client.
Her mother was sent and was saved from jail but has found out.
She is pregnant.
Sastri tries to save her.
Who wins the case.
Then Sastri brings her.
Where other people insult him as Tulasi is a murderer and daughter while Sastri is a devout Brahmin.
Tulasi moves out.
She does not want him to face insults but hopes to show her gratitude towards him.
Ten years pass  pop music is now popular in India.
Sastri loses his classical music lovers.
He now lives up daughter.
She tries to help him monetarily but gives the money.
When Tulasi comes to know.
Tulasi inherits all and utilizes all of it to help him.
She also asks her son to go and learn classical music from him.
He starts learning Carnatic music from the maestro.
Chandra Mohan  a dilettante falls with Sastri s daughter.
He later agrees.
Sastri rejects the marriage proposal.
Tulasi  then arranges.
Where Sastri once again finds his lost audience come back to see hear his voice.
Sastri sings.
Halfway through it suffers a heart attack and finds his new disciple  Tulasi s son  take over the concert.
He also sees Tulasi and finds out.
He watches him.
The boy is indeed  Tulasi s son.
He symbolically anoints the boy as heir to his music and dies.
Tulasi comes and falls down at his feet and also passes away   along with him.
Very moment.
The film ends on the stage.
<EOS>
The Sixth is a parable in the aftermath of the Great October Revolution.
The film could be categorized  with a lawman hero.
Who faces up  although no one around has any faith in his abilities.
It is set.
The Russian Civil War has come.
The situation is still dangerous.
An elusive band is hiding in the mountains  raiding Soviet institutions and making short work of the representatives of local government.
Five chiefs have already been killed.
The intimidated townsfolk believe.
The sixth one is also doomed.
The protagonist is the sixth militia chief.
He is shrewder.
Recognizing the superior firepower  he attempts to mobilise the people in the towns and help them regain faith and hope.
He learns.
There is a leak and that someone is informing the band of all planned operations.
He decides to use this very leak.
<EOS>
Judy Bernly is forced to find work.
Her husband  Dick  squanders their savings  loses his job and runs off.
Judy finds employment.
The senior office supervisor is the feisty widow  Violet Newstead.
Violet shows Judy the place  whilst warning her.
The first is the sleazy  selfish Franklin Hart  Jr.
The latter is the crisp but equally obnoxious Roz Keith  Hart s executive assistant and resident snitch.
Violet reveals  Doralee Rhodes  in reality the married Doralee refuses his advances.
Hart is supposedly involved.
Hart nonetheless has circulated a false rumor.
They are having an affair.
Hart exploits and mistreats his subordinates regularly.
He takes credit  whilst refusing to promote her on the basis.
Clients prefer to deal when it comes to figures.
He cruely yells at and threatens Judy after an equipment malfunction.
He sexually harasses Doralee  and spreads false rumors  damaging her credibility.
They are having an affair.
Finally  Hart casually fires a worker named Maria on salaries.
She angrily calls Hart.
When Violet discovers that another promotion she was hoping has instead gone to a man.
She then references Hart s claims before storming out.
Doralee  previously unaware and now realizing  informs Hart.
Her coworkers have been cold.
She keeps a gun and warns him that if he ever makes another indecent reference about her  she will change him from a rooster to a hen with one shot.
She also angrily leaves the office.
Judy  upset  wants to inform Violet and is told.
Maria has just been fired.
Violet is.
She joins Violet and Doralee.
The three women drown their sorrows together.
There  the beginning forms over dinner and smoking some marijuana.
Belongs. 
They fantasize.
Violet wanting to poison him.
The following day  a mix-up leads Violet to accidentally spike Hart s coffee.
However   Hart accidentally knocks himself unconscious.
He can drink any.
He has been rushed.
It s due.
The three mistake a dead police witness.
They arrive.
Violet   steals the body of the deceased man and stashes it in the trunk of her car  convinces Doralee and Judy to join her.
The three drive off  planning to somehow dispose.
They discover.
They ve stolen the wrong body  so they smuggle it back.
Hart turns up alive the next morning  much of Violet  Doralee and Judy.
The three speculate on.
What could have happened and then vow to forget the night s troubles.
Roz  hiding  overhears them and relates the conversation to Hart.
He confronts Doralee.
He has just learned  and demands that she spend the night.
He ll have all three prosecuted for attempted murder.
Hart refuses to believe.
It was an accident  so the three kidnap Hart.
Doralee tying Hart s hands and legs.
Unsure.
To prevent Hart.
The three decide to try to find something.
The ladies discover.
He s been selling Consolidated property and keeping the profits for himself.
To prove the crime  they need to wait several weeks to arrive.
The women fashion a special bondage device to allow Hart to move around  but keep him confined to his home.
The three women use the occasion.
Doralee is able to forge Hart s signature.
These include allowing flexible hours  a job-sharing program  and a daycare center.
Allows people to work.
All the while  they conceal the true reason.
Hart is so feared and/or hated  with the exception of Roz.
It turns out.
Nobody questions his absence.
Whom Violet   sends to language school.
One night  Judy discovers a prowler.
It turns out to be her ex-husband Dick.
Whose marriage lasted only a week.
He tries to get Judy to come back.
He finds Hart bound and gagged.
He believes  erroneously.
Judy has gotten.
Judy sends him away  admitting.
She s  and that his departure was the best thing that ever happened to her.
Hart s adoring wife Missy returns  putting the ladies  plan in jeopardy.
Hart scrambles to replace the property.
Still pretending to be the women s prisoner.
He stole.
He then takes Doralee s gun and directs the three women back.
Hart is appalled.
Have been made.
Though all his employees are delighted.
Hart receives an unexpected visit.
He can have the three women arrested.
Mr Tinsworthy has arrived to congratulate Hart in productivity.
Is due.
Hart is only too happy to take credit.
The ladies have done.
Tinsworthy is so impressed.
He recruits Hart to work.
Hart is not pleased  but has no choice in the matter.
Roz returns from language school and is stunned to discover Violet  Judy and Doralee celebrating in Hart s office  and realizing.
She has to report.
A post-credits montage reveals the fate.
Violet was promoted.
Judy fell and married the Xerox representative.
Doralee left Consolidated and became a country and western singer.
Hart was abducted in the Brazilian jungle and was never heard from again.
<EOS>
The finer points are somewhat unclear.
Differing sources offer conflicting detail.
The main thrust however is.
The wife is seduced by her chauffeur  with whom she falls in love.
She gives birth  apparently without her husband knowing anything her pregnancy.
It is not clear.
Exactly what arrangements are made or how its presence is explained away.
The child is killed by the chauffeur in a state of drunkenness.
The result is a showpiece trial.
Which the woman tries to protect her lover  but is forced finally under cross-examination to make a dramatic public confession that the dead infant was hers.
<EOS>
EMS  the leader is dead.
Appa Mestry  a veteran Communist   is unable to believe.
Who lives.
EMS has died.
EMS is a great leader.
Whose death is unthinkable.
He goes back.
Where they worked  risking their own lives.
He proudly remembers the day.
He took Comrade P.
Krishnapilla safely.
He remembers contemptuously the day.
The first EMS ministry was dismissed as a result of the unjust agitation by the religious lobbies of Kerala.
He even had observed.
When AKG had gone on fast.
Appa Mestry s next generation  his son-in-law and his friend Bahuleyan   are illustrated.
Who have discarded their extremist leftist ideology.
Here are some images  Bahuleyan no more have his beard.
Suggest they are fraudsters.
He had worn.
He no longer uses bedis.
His son-in-law has done wrong by not closing his office even after hearing about the death of EMS.
They drive their car to get alcohol.
When entire Kerala grieves the death by observing harthal.
Appa s grandchildren are indifferent and are immersed.
Appa s grandson sits watching a cricket match  completely oblivious of EMS s legacy.
Appa Mestry dies broken hearted.
<EOS>
The title scene is a battle and a master of the Shaolin temple in an empty red backdrop.
Here we get the first display.
Allow him to retract his privates.
He traps a kick to the groin from Master Zhishan and delivers his own coup de grace.
Master Zhishan s vision blurs.
The scene changes.
Bai Mei s protege  area governor Kao Tsin-chung and his army  chase the fleeing.
Tung Chin-chin   makes a heroic last stand to divert their attention.
Watching waves fall to the pursuing army s arrows.
He falls  crushing the throats of the soldiers he is closest to.
It is left to lead the remaining students to safety.
They join an itinerant opera group.
Travels to town on iconic red junks as a front for anti-Qing forces.
He encounters the comely Ying Chun  herself a master of the Crane style.
Together  they have a son.
Whom both train.
The couple retreat.
When area governor and student junks.
Where they raise their son and Hong.
Wen-Ding seems to develop a taste for piggybacking on his father after training sessions  After a decade of training  Hsi-Kuan goes to face Pai Mei  defeating several of his henchmen before retreating from his temple stronghold.
He discovers Pai Mei s weakness  he s vulnerable between one and three o  clock.
Hung trains.
Metal balls cascade along these grooves.
That he can snatch them to train his speed and accuracy.
Still  he refuses to integrate his wife s Crane style.
Hung goes to confront Pai Mei at his temple once again.
He uses his training.
But again  he gets his foot trapped.
Pai Mei tells Hung.
He moves his vulnerable point up and down.
Pai Mei tells the governor to keep him alive.
For Hung to kill the governor as he comes near.
Pai Mei kills him.
Wen-Ding returns to avenge his father s death having been forced to synthesize his father s Tiger style taught him.
Once again  he too lands with Pai Mei  getting his foot trapped in Pai Mei s groin.
But  he jumps.
When Pai Mei goes to break Wen-Ding s leg.
Wen-Ding rips  smashes him on the now unprotected crown of his head and   blinds him with a brutal dual jab in the eyes.
His eyes are startled open.
They both tumble down the temple steps  A combination is.
The ending explains.
What finally defeated Pai Mei.
<EOS>
The main character is Sara Novak  a college student.
Who  along named Vern  spend their time solving riddles.
The movie takes a twist.
When the riddles lead  leaving Sara to fear whether she is someone else s game.
<EOS>
Liu Siu-jian  a Chinese intelligence agent  is sent to help apprehend Chinese mob boss Mr Big.
Who is involved.
He meets Inspector Jean-Pierre Richard  a corrupt and violent French police detective.
Richard tricks Liu.
He is simply providing reconnaissance.
The plans are changed.
When Mr Big is introduced being Jessica Kamen  an American woman  who takes him to his room to service him.
Mr Big kicks everyone out.
Liu and the rest were watching.
She attempts to murder him.
A prostitute is.
Overseeing the events  Liu rushes to stop the killing.
Richard enters shortly later to shoot Mr Big and the prostitute  framing Liu for the murders.
Realizing  Liu manages to escape.
He has been set up.
Chinese liaisons are sent after the events to investigate the matter.
Richard makes Liu the primary suspect.
However  the liaisons do not believe the story.
Richard provides.
Liu manages to contact one  in an attempt to pass on the tape to reveal the truth.
The meet between the liaison.
Liu is spotted.
The liaison is assassinated.
He loses the tape in the chaos  and is forced to maintain a low profile.
He meets Jessica.
He considers his situation.
Whose daughter was kidnapped to force her into prostitution.
Liu discovers Jessica was the second prostitute during the night of Mr Big s murder.
He realizes.
She can prove his innocence.
She refuses to go her daughter  Isabel.
Liu decides  and sends Jessica.
The tape would provide the best evidence.
Jessica manages to get the tape  so Liu and Jessica head.
Where Isabel is kept.
However  Richard anticipates this move.
Jessica has stolen the tape.
Jessica is shot in the chest.
Liu manages to get her  and becomes driven to retrieve her daughter.
Liu arrives  and fights his way through Richard s henchmen to his office.
Where Richard is holding Isabel hostage.
Once  Liu rescues Isabel  getting shot by Richard in the process.
To save Isabel  Liu kills Richard.
Stimulates all the body s blood to travel.
Liu survives.
The gunshot wound  and returns Jessica s daughter back.
<EOS>
A group of nerdy male college students discover the excitement of hooking up with sexy older women  often referred to as MILFs.
Lifelong best friends Brandon and Anthony as well as their geek/gamer friends Nate and Ross succeed.
They hook up after lady.
However   the guys  whole scheme begins to fall apart.
When Brandon falls.
<EOS>
The film centers  two socialite vampires living a good life in New York City.
Goody was turned by vampire queen Ciccerus.
She struggled.
Stacy was turned sometime.
Goody was able to teach Stacy   but keeps her actual age a secret.
To use her new abilities.
She s afraid.
Gave her a.
Stacy explains how she struggled with drug addiction as a human  but was now happy since being a vampire.
Goody also discovers.
If their maker or stem Ciccerus is ever killed  they would revert back.
Stacy then meets a young man named Joey.
She finds out.
Joey s last name is Van Helsing  but believes it may just be a coincidence.
It turns out.
That Joey s father is a vampire hunter who works.
She decides to pursue the relationship.
Goody runs.
Working. 
Whom she dated.
Danny tries to run  but gives up and goes back to his wife s room.
Goody explains to Stacy  but.
Danny was the last man she fell with.
She had to end the relationship.
She tells him.
When Danny tracks her down.
Goody was her mother  and that she has recently past away.
Goody and Danny continue to see each other.
Leads. 
Goody explains  but felt.
She could have stayed longer.
He would have missed his chance.
Their lives become even more complicated.
When Ciccerus attacks an entire Chinese restaurant.
They manage to bring one man before sunrise.
Mr Van Helsing finds out.
Stacy also starts vomiting every time.
Goody is told  but.
Stacy is pregnant.
The baby wo nt survive unless she is turned back.
Goody tells Stacy everything.
They decide to kill Ciccerus.
Goody goes.
He is the only one who knows how to permanently kill a vampire.
Goody explains.
Talking. 
How her husband and sisters were killed  and that being turned gave her the ability to care for her two children.
MrVan Helsing has his assistant track.
Shows that Goody s living descendants were all successful and happy.
They manage to behead Ciccerus and put her remains in a sealed coffin.
Stacy ages to look forty.
Goody turns.
They go.
Where Goody reminisces.
She turns.
When the sun comes up.
The film ends raising their daughter.
Whom they named Goody.
<EOS>
40 young Canadian soldiers were sent to Nevada on a top secret mission.
These young men did not know.
They would be used.
The American military wanted to know.
The average soldier would hold up.
The young men played war games  sometimes less than -LCB- -LCB- convert -RCB- -RCB- away from exploding nuclear weapons -- bombs as much as four times more powerful.
The bomb dropped on August 6 .
The effects were devastating.
Many fell gravely ill.
Some were born with deformities or handicaps.
The controversial operation has never received official recognition.
Time Bombs follows the Atomic Veterans in their quest for recognition from the government.
<EOS>
A young girl named.
Cathy tries to keep her mother.
She inadvertently causes her mother s death.
Sixteen years later  Cathy is now named Helen and has become a psychotic actress.
Helen begins hacking.
Her mother died in her throat.
<EOS>
An anthropomorphic dog  is tired of appearing in cartoons and goes home to study the works of Shakespeare.
Who also appeared from Texas.
The dog finds.
His home has been invaded.
Unfazed  the dog then begins reading Hamlet.
He furiously throws the book out the window.
<EOS>
= It is three years prior  apparently he passed out drinking the day.
Where Shinichi tries to find a witness to confirm a man s alibi from the murder of his grandmother.
He was supposed to meet his grandmother.
The clues are a black lab and the wall.
The man saw when he was drunk.
Blocks his view.
Genta  Ayumi  and Mitsuhiko are shown.
They are too young to confirm the man s alibi.
Shinichi solves the case.
He walks down a path with Ran  the song happens to be Amazing Grace.
They notice woman starts singing.
Conan voices.
The song he heard will be important three years from now.
Many ties have been made.
Where Shinichi and Ran walk down a path a woman singing Amazing Grace  revealed to be Akiba singing.
<EOS>
The film opens.
He startles her watching TV.
He gives her a bottle.
They chat - ending with the revelation.
His funeral is tomorrow.
Awoken  Catherine realizes.
Hal  a former student  is still upstairs  reading through Robert s books.
Hal believes.
There might be additional products of his mathematical genius.
He comments on the vast amount of work.
Robert did.
Catherine  suspicious  searches his backpack but finds nothing.
A notebook falls out.
When she picks up Hal s coat to give.
He explains.
He wanted to give the notebook present because it had something written in it about her  not math  her.
Hal is forced to leave  gifting the notebook as intended.
When Catherine calls the police.
The next day   Catherine s sister Claire arrives in town.
A huge contrast is an overly put together  neurotic New Yorker.
Relations are tense.
Catherine can not stand her sister s constant harping.
Catherine is also upset.
Claire did nt care as much as Catherine did in his final years.
A series documents Catherine s ultimately futile struggle to keep up with her own studies.
She takes care.
A lot of frustration on Catherine s part comes out.
She is upset there.
She interrupts the string quartet  berating everyone for not being there for her father.
He was alive.
She ends.
She s glad her father is dead  and walks out.
Claire is set  and wants Catherine to come with her to New York  Catherine is upset.
She will be kicked out.
It comes out.
Catherine may be struggling that her father struggled with.
They have a wake after the funeral.
Catherine and Hal end up sleeping together afterwards.
Catherine is seemingly comfortable with Hal s intentions toward her family  and gives him a key to her father s desk.
He finds a notebook.
Contains a lengthy but apparently very important proof.
He is very excited and shows the discovery.
He asks Catherine.
How long she knew and why she did not tell him about it.
She tells him.
She wrote it.
Catherine claims and not her father s to the contrary.
The work is hers.
Neither Hal nor Claire believe her.
Hal decides to take it to verify the proof s accuracy.
He returns.
Claire and Catherine are leaving.
Hal tells Claire.
He does nt think that her father wrote the proof because it employs newer mathematics  and wants Catherine to explain it sometime.
Catherine remains stung.
The sisters leave  but Hal sprints after the car and throws the book through the window and onto Catherine s lap.
Catherine has another flashback.
It is revealed.
While living together  her father challenged her to work.
She did write the ground-breaking proof.
She goes to tell her father.
He insists.
She read aloud his own  nonsensical proof.
Realizing  she locks her notebook and keeps the key.
Robert has slipped back and would nt understand her work.
Catherine has begun to come.
She decides.
She does not need to go to New York and runs out of the airport.
She returns.
The film ends.
<EOS>
Two sisters   fight.
Dedicated. 
The story is interspersed into the sisters  childhood.
The sisters choose diverging paths.
Juliane works.
A feminist journalist rallying s right to abortion while Marianne commits herself to a violent revolutionary terrorist group.
The film quickly informs us.
Marianne has abandoned her husband and child to work.
Her husband arrives.
Juliane must take Jan because the husband has to leave the country.
Juliane is not supportive.
She feels that they are damaging.
She informs the husband.
She does not have time to care.
Next the husband steps out to go get something  promising to return  but instead takes his life leaving Jan.
Marianne shows up.
Juliane informs her.
Marianne asks.
Her sister to watch replies you would have me take on the life that you chose to leave.
Basically stating.
What s not good enough for you is good enough.
Juliane sticks and refuses to take on Jan.
This fact still does not stop Marianne.
She is content to allow Jan to have the life.
Will be dealt through foster care because she believes that any life he has in foster care will be better than the life many children have in third world countries.
The sister s paths continue to cross to her sister s life.
The last time.
Juliane sees her sister before she is arrested  Marianne wakes her and her long-term boyfriend up.
M. 
And wants to make coffee and take Juliane s clothes.
Soon afterward  we discover.
Marianne has been arrested and is being held.
Juliane goes to visit her sister.
Searched. 
When she arrives.
Then she is let and told to wait for her sister.
The guard returns and informs her.
Marianne refuses to see her.
Juliane goes home agonizing.
She is doing.
Her boyfriend suggests.
She write a letter how she feels.
The film goes.
Where we see the closeness.
Juliane mails the letter and soon is able to visit with her sister.
They argue often.
Juliane continues to come and visit her sister.
They have a bad argument of these occasions.
Marianne slaps her sister.
Marianne is then moved.
Where the two must sit and communicate through an intercom.
Juliane becomes so obsessed.
Her own relationships begin to fall apart.
Her boyfriend suggests.
The two take a vacation together.
Has happened.
They see the face of Marianne on TV but can not understand what.
Juliane runs back and calls her parents to find.
Marianne has committed suicide.
Juliane and her father do not believe.
Marianne actually killed herself.
Juliane begins an obsessive journey to discover.
What really happened.
This destroys her relationship.
She ultimately proves  she is informed.
Marianne was murdered but when she calls the papers.
Her sister s death is old news and nobody cares if it was murder or suicide.
Juliane is left but can not convince the papers to defend the name of a dead terrorist.
Later Juliane is reunited.
Someone attempts to murder him when they find out who his mother was.
Juliane takes him back home.
He has undergone extensive reconstructive surgery.
He is aloof and has no interest.
He has nightmares.
Nearly killed him.
The film ends.
Is. 
Juliane tells him you are wrong  Jan.
Your mother was a great woman.
I ll tell you.
Jan says.
He wants to know everything and then yells start now.
<EOS>
The film is set and ends at the time of the 1982 Falklands War between Great Britain and Argentina.
Veronico Cruz is a poor indigenous Argentine shepherd boy.
Who lives.
He lives.
One day Mr Lehrer arrives to take the job as the new school teacher.
Veronico comes to idolize his new teacher.
Who is also known as a sign of respect and affection.
El maestro takes Veronico on his first road trip to San Salvador de Jujuy  the capital of the Jujuy Province  to look for Veronico s father.
Who the boy has never met.
Castulo Cruz is considered a subversive and.
There Lehrer is interrogated harshly and discovers.
He probably has become a desaparecido.
So too does.
Veronico Cruz learns.
Lehrer come to understand and appreciate the indigenous people who live.
Lehrer   is given a promotion and leaves Veronico s small village to teach at a larger school far away.
However  the warm relationship is tragically cut short.
Veronico joins the navy and Argentine troops invade the Falkland Islands.
<EOS>
Four electricians  Dean  Junior  Ray and Shelly  are sent to turn off the power.
It s demolished.
They notice.
There s a difference and the actual size of the building.
They discover an old laboratory.
Contains a nuclear generator powering a device.
They accidentally set off an alarm and then activate the device.
Dean falls.
S created.
Junior goes.
Ray and Shelly read a journal left behind.
Dean and Junior appear.
Dean goes off to have a look.
Junior waits.
Shelly  reading the journal  realizes.
He and Ray decide to step.
Finding no one  Ray and Shelly set off and get a fright.
When Junior leaps out.
Junior leads them  with millions of dollars in the back.
Junior  Ray and Shelly start celebrating.
Dean comes running back armed.
Junior suddenly says Guys and steps.
Junior dies.
More creatures attack the others.
A group save the electricians and kill the creatures.
They fight more  and head back to the portal  Dean stops to help a survivor.
The portal closes leaving him trapped.
S side  the nuclear generator short circuits the portal.
Shelly starts trying to fix it.
Ray goes off to call.
The survivors bring Dean.
Where they meet Crane.
A female survivor  Elayna  insists.
Dean come with them to see The Old Man.
She blindfolds him.
They set out.
Meanwhile  Ray comes back saying and refused to send anyone.
Everyone thinks he s insane.
He did however come back.
Dean meets the Old Man.
Who is revealed to be Dr Richard Moreli  the inventor.
Dean tells him his friends.
Are and trying to fix it.
Dr Moreli tells him  it let.
When he opened the portal 30 years ago.
Who proceeded to enslave or consume most.
Elayna says the soldiers used to be normal people.
The Spider Queen s venom makes them completely.
Any survivors are made to show the soldiers and find the camps.
Where their base camp is  when the others go out.
They are empty and bloodstained.
They leave the base  to find  they hear gunshots and find Shelly and Ray.
The Spider Queen has been watching.
The survivors bring them back.
Shelly and Moreli start working.
The lookouts spot creatures and chase them.
Dean and Ray stay behind to defend Shelly and Moreli.
Dean gets impatient and goes off to help  leaving Ray alone.
Dean  Crane and Elayna  meet up and go back  but find Ray with a broken leg and alone.
The three set out.
Ray stays behind to build traps.
They find Moreli.
Shelly has been bitten.
Shelly grabs Dean s gun and holds it  telling them to go.
The four race.
Shelly comes.
Shelly tries to shoot her.
She is too far gone.
She leads the Queen and her army.
The creatures kill everyone.
Who kills all.
Crane collapses.
Moreli leaves the makeshift lab to go out.
Crane dies.
The Queen leaps down and kills Moreli.
Shelly enters the lab  turning off the power.
Dean tries to get through  but fails and ends up killing him.
Dean and Elayna work hurriedly.
They are just about to get it up.
Running. 
When the Queen enters.
Dean grabs the last two wires to connect.
He connects them.
The current starts moving.
The Queen gets electrocuted.
The portal opens.
Dean and Elayna jump through.
The strain causes it to explode  taking the Queen with it.
Dean and Elayna wake up.
They share a kiss.
Before a large flying animal attacks and presumably eats them  the two having apparently only made it.
<EOS>
Johan Falk  a Gothenburg police officer and former member  gets involved in a shooting on Christmas Eve.
He makes a heroic effort.
Saves the life but is then drawn into a stream of events.
He ends up being the accused.
He sees no other way  and becomes hunted by his own colleagues.
To take the law.
<EOS>
The film is.
Who is living.
But  his world changes.
When he meets Carmen  a young beautiful and intelligent girl.
He has to choose.
<EOS>
Eureka is a drama set mainly and is almost entirely shot in sepia tone.
It tells the story.
These three are the sole survivors.
When the bus is hijacked.
The actual violent events are not shown.
Traumatise them.
The extent becomes apparent only slowly.
Which the three have been affected.
Naoki and Kozue do not return  do not speak and become dissociated from their parents.
Some time  their mother abandons the family.
Later their father is killed.
It is not clear.
Whether his death is suicide.
The two children continue to live alone.
Meanwhile Makoto is finding it impossible to carry and takes to the road  leaving his estranged wife living in the family home with his elderly father  elder brother  his wife and their daughter.
Makoto returns home to find.
His wife has left him.
He can not return and takes a job as a day-labourer with an old.
Relationships begin to deteriorate and Makoto moves in with Naoki and Kozue.
He takes and makes sure.
They eat properly.
Kozue now begins to communicate a little.
Naoki remains mute.
The detective begins to harass Makoto without any evidence.
Who dealt.
The children s older student cousin.
Makoto is out one day.
Akihiko arrives and states.
He intends to stay to look.
He and Makoto are uneasy.
The four people settle down.
A further murder takes.
Place and this time the victim is a friend.
He is arrested and questioned but is finally released.
He talks about his wish to return to driving and forms a plan to get all of them  Naoki  Kozue  Akihiko and himself away from their troubles.
He buys an old bus.
They convert.
They all set off.
Kozue becomes more relaxed.
They travel around.
Naoki appears more disturbed.
It eventually becomes clear.
It is Naoki who is the murderer.
Makoto confronts him and persuades him to give himself up.
The remaining three carry.
Makoto finally loses his temper and throws him off the bus.
Makoto and Kozue continue until  finally   both realise.
When they reach the peak.
They are able to face ordinary life again.
The film briefly turns.
They reach this understanding.
<EOS>
One night  Caleb Colton  a young man  meets an attractive young drifter named Mae.
She bites.
Him then runs off.
The rising sun causes Caleb s flesh to begin to burn.
Mae comes and takes him away.
The most unsociable wants to kill Caleb.
Mae reveals.
She has turned him.
Their charismatic leader  Jesse Hooker  reluctantly agrees to allow Caleb to remain for a week to see.
He can learn and become a trusted member of their group.
Caleb is unwilling to kill.
Alienates him.
To protect him  Mae kills.
Him then has him drink.
Jesse and the others are temporarily mollified.
Caleb endangers himself to help them.
Meanwhile  Caleb s father has begun searching.
The police are also investigating.
A child vampire meets Caleb s sister Sarah and wants to transform her into his companion  but Caleb objects.
Caleb s father arrives and holds them  demanding Sarah be released.
The group argues.
Jesse taunts him  but regurgitates.
The bullet then wrestles the gun away.
Sarah opens the door letting in the sunlight and forcing the vampires back.
Burning  Caleb escapes and suggests.
They try doing a blood transfusion to attempt to cure him.
The transfusion successfully reverses Caleb s transformation.
That night the vampires search.
He knows their identity.
Homer still wishes to have Sarah.
Mae distracts Caleb.
The others kidnap Sarah.
Caleb discovers the kidnapping and gives chase on horseback after finding.
His tires slashed.
He commandeers a tractor-trailer and encounters Severen.
Whom he runs over.
The injured vampire manages to get  so Caleb jackknifes the vehicle and jumps out as the truck explodes and kills Severen.
Seeking revenge  Jesse and Diamondback pursue him  but are forced to flee as dawn breaks.
Not wanting Sarah to become another childlike monster  Mae breaks out  getting badly burned by the sun  taking refuge from the sun under his jacket.
She runs into Caleb s arms.
Homer attempts to follow but dies.
Jesse and Diamondback  their sun-proofing ruined  also begin to burn.
They attempt to run Caleb and Sarah over but fail  also dying in the process.
Mae awakens later  her burns now healed  she has been given a transfusion and is also cured.
Together  she and Caleb watch the sunrise.
<EOS>
All suddenly fall unconscious.
Anyone entering the village also loses consciousness.
The military arrives and establishes a cordon.
The pilot goes below 5000 feet  loses consciousness.
The plane crashes.
A five mile exclusion zone is established for all aircraft.
The military send.
He too falls unconscious and is pulled back.
The man awakens  reporting a cold sensation.
The villagers regain consciousness  seeming otherwise unaffected.
The incident is referred.
No cause is determined.
About two months later  all women and girls.
Who were.
The accusations fade.
The extraordinary nature is discovered with three-month fetuses appearing to be developed to a stage of five months.
All give birth on the same day.
The doctor doing the bulk reports on the unusual appearance of the children.
Who all have unusual scalp hair texture and colour  striking eyes and unusual fingernails.
It becomes clear.
They grow  and develop.
They also have a powerful telepathic bond.
They can tell each other anything.
They see.
So do the others.
One learns something.
Three years later village resident Professor Gordon Zellaby   attends a meeting to discuss the children.
Who is connected.
There he learns.
Midwich was not the only place affected.
Followup investigations had revealed similar phenomena.
Thirty infants were born in one day.
All died.
There were ten children born.
Fair-haired children born violated their taboos.
All were killed.
The men murdered all of the children and their mothers.
The children survived and were being educated to the highest possible level by the state.
They are physically the equivalent.
Only three years old.
Their behaviour has become increasingly unusual and striking.
They dress impeccably  always walk.
A group  speak  are very.
They show no conscience or love and demonstrate a coldness.
All has had the effect of most of the villagers fearing and being repulsed by them.
They begin to exhibit the power to read minds  or to force people to do things.
When expedient.
The latter is accompanied.
There have been a number.
They were born  many of which are considered unusual.
It is the opinion.
The children are responsible.
This is later confirmed.
When they are shown making a man crash his car  killing him and then forcing his suspicious brother to shoot himself.
Gordon   at first is eager to work.
Whose ` son  David is one.
He attempts to teach the children while hoping to learn from them.
The children are all placed.
Where they will learn and live.
Gordon learns.
The children continue to exert their will.
The Soviet government has used an atomic cannon to destroy the village containing their own spawn.
Gordon compares the children s resistance  and uses this motif as.
The children s inhuman nature becomes obvious.
He takes a hidden.
What he expects to be a session.
David scans his mind - showing an emotion - You re not thinking of atomic energy  you re thinking of  a brick wall.
They discover his actions just a moment.
The glowing eyes of the children appear against the background of the burning building  then move out of shot.
<EOS>
Mr Satan finally finishes construction on his brand new hotel.
Feeling guilty  he invites all and their families to a banquet.
The hotel is.
Goku and Vegeta decide.
They have dressed.
Two Saiyan spaceships land just outside of town.
A mysterious Saiyan and his wife confront the.
They are revealed to be Vegeta s younger brother  Tarble   and his wife Gure.
Who had been deemed too weak to fight and was sent to a distant star before the destruction of Planet Vegeta.
Who is a small  cartoon-like alien.
Tarble asks his brother.
Who are remnants.
Goku and Vegeta argue over.
Who will fight the brothers.
But so many fighting two people seems unfair  so Goku comes up.
Their sons and friends offer to join in.
The Z-Fighters pick radishes from Goku and Chi Chi s garden to determine.
Who will battle the duo.
Everyone picks short radishes.
Goten picks out the apparent longest.
Jealous  Vegeta tells Trunks to pick one.
Is longer.
Pressured  Trunks picks out.
What appears to be a short radish.
It turns out to be the longest  stretching all the way down.
This means.
Trunks wins and is chosen to fight.
The battle begins.
However  Abo and Cado are two opponents.
Goku asks Vegeta to let Goten fight  but Vegeta says.
Trunks is enough.
Nevertheless  Goku lets Goten join Trunks.
Prompts an angry outburst.
The children easily defeat the two soldiers.
When the battle begins.
However   the boys get beaten easily.
When Abo and Cado create doubles.
Irritated  Vegeta shouts to read their ki and says.
Trunks has forgotten the basics.
Vegeta says.
When his wife says it is because he never taught Trunks basics.
He lacks motivation  starting an argument between them which prompts Goku to say that it s not the time for a marital quarrel.
He and Trunks are able to fight and seem to have the upper hand.
Everyone go back to the hotel.
Abo and Cado fuse.
The battle is almost over.
Aka easily devastates Goten and Trunks  slamming them around and tossing them.
Everyone comes back.
Goten and Trunks try to fuse   the second is successful.
The first is a failure.
They become Gotenks.
Gotenks attacks of his signature moves  Dynamite Rolling Thunder Punch.
Appears to defeat Aka.
However   Aka attacks the boys again.
Everyone is celebrating.
Gotenks taunts him.
Piccolo blocks the attack.
Infuriated  Aka destroys.
Most beams while Gotenks protects Tarble and Gure.
Seeing Aka s threat growing  Goku and Vegeta join the fight  but Goku tricks Vegeta.
He defeats Aka.
Mr Satan mourns the loss of his hotel.
His daughter Videl tells him.
This serves.
He promises to change.
Everyone goes back.
What s left.
Abo and Cado give up the fight  and join them.
The special ends fighting over pork and sushi  even going Super Saiyan.
They argue  much but the embarrassment of their wives.
<EOS>
Stephen Hannibal Brooks is a British prisoner.
An Asian elephant called Lucy.
The zoo s director determines.
When the zoo is bombed.
It is unsafe to remain there.
So he sends Brooks along.
They are forced to walk.
When an SS commander tells Brooks that the elephant is not allowed.
Kurt threatens to shoot Lucy whilst drunk.
Brooks accidentally kills Kurt.
Brooks  Lucy  Willy and Vronia are forced to run.
They are helped by an American escapee named Packy.
Who has formed a group to fight the Germans in Austria  after many run-ins with the Nazis.
Half way there  Lucy gets mumps  so Brooks had to get an Austrian doctor to look.
Vronia and Willy run.
Vronia and Willy are captured  and later are joined.
Brooks and Willy are rescued and continue to race towards Switzerland with Lucy.
Unfortunately  Willy is shot by the Nazis whilst helping Brooks to escape.
He is met.
When Brooks gets close.
Von Haller  the SS commander.
Who told him to walk.
Brooks and Lucy eventually make it to Switzerland with Packy and his partisans.
<EOS>
Diablo  the leader  is about to be executed for the murder of a young woman.
Confronting the victim s sister Gail  he proclaims his innocence and vows to return.
Being he is killed.
A year passes.
Spring Break has come.
Two football players  Skip and Ronny are.
A mysterious biker appears and begins to dispatch people.
Spring Break is occurring.
When the back has a lever that when pulled combined with a button pushed by the biker causes the victim to undergo a treatment similar to the electric chair.
Skip attempts to find Ronny.
When Ronny ends up a victim.
Who works during Spring Break.
The duo soon find Ronny and learn.
Local police chief Strycher and physician Doc Willet have covered up Ronny s death to worry.
However   Gail and Skip begin to wonder.
The body count rises.
Did Diablo make good.
The killer is Reverend Bates.
Who thinks Spring Break is nothing more.
He feels.
All sinners must die by electrocution.
Bates also confesses.
Skip arrives off Bates.
Bates hops on his bike and goes.
Them only to trip his bike.
Bates goes off the bike.
He murdered.
Diablo  dies.
The next day  Skip and Gail decide to leave Florida and head.
Where Skip hails.
<EOS>
Michelle Yeoh visits her adopted orangutan.
What is done to sustain long-term population.
Michelle Yeoh introduces us.
Who are devoted.
Guided  Malaysia s popular actress takes part in all activities.
Together the watcher can learn about the life and the characteristics of orangutans.
Michelle Yeoh is filmed.
She nurtures herself an orphaned suckling orangutan.
Who so far have known her only.
Her affection is authentic.
She testified.
It was impossible not to get very fond.
<EOS>
Khlebnikov s humor asks us to look again at the world about us.
Lyonya s work disappears.
When the plant is taken over and closed down.
He becomes a regular visitor and attempts a variety of dead end jobs -- shoe seller in a market  plasterer  road crew.
He eventually meets a woman  gets things.
He went with and after a bad start.
Set   hardly anything actually happens  but through Khlebnikov s quirky  absurdist observation -- a picture of Chuck Norris on a workbench  trying on shoes  a woman peeling a boiled egg  the creaking door of the employment office -- we come to know the floating life.
Where enthusiasm seems somewhat relaxed.
<EOS>
A tiny town is turned upside down - burned onto a tortilla - in the community s only restaurant  Tortilla Heaven.
When the image appears.
Chaos ensues.
<EOS>
Anjali Gujral separates from Mahendra Pratap Gujral  and marries Dr Malhotra.
She does bring up her son  Dev.
Who grows up to become a Police Officer.
Years later   Komal come across Suraj Singh  and find out.
He is indeed Gujral.
Gujral decides to play on Dev s emotions by reminding of his past affection for him  and blaming his entire criminal career on a politician  Rajvansh Shashtri.
Dev must now decide to go  or disbelieve his father altogether.
<EOS>
Two handymen  cause chaos.
Haphazardly trying to accomplish jobs.
This ` silent  comedy features a host from the likes of Peter Sellers  Michael Caine  Bob Monkhouse  Eric Morecambe  Ernie Wise and Tony Blackburn.
<EOS>
Opening in medias res  shows Gordon Brown taking a telephone call from Tony Blair to arrange a meeting at the Granita restaurant in Islington.
The narrative shifts  in the wake of the Falklands War  Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher and her Conservative government enjoy huge public popularity as the general election approaches.
Labour s radical election manifesto loses them key voters.
Brown is elected for Dumfermline East.
He is shown to his office in the Houses of Parliament.
John Smith  a senior Labour MP  introduces Brown.
Blair makes pleasantries and   the two become friends.
Brown is not initially impressed.
Smith soon introduces the pair.
Shortly afterwards  Kinnock appoints Blair to be an assistant Treasury spokesman.
Brown turns down a promotion  hoping.
A better position will come along.
He and Blair discuss their political futures and both agree.
Brown would make a better leader of the party.
Labour is unable to make significant dents.
Kinnock promotes Smith.
Three years later  Thatcher resigns after losing a Conservative leadership ballot.
The Conservatives win the 1992 general election.
Blair tells Brown.
A new approach is needed  and that Brown should stand.
Brown refuses to stand.
Mandelson privately suggests.
Blair should stand.
Brown ridicules the idea.
Smith is elected and   Labour gains support.
Scandals rock the government.
Blair   pledges to be tough on crime  tough on the causes of crime in the wake of the murder of James Bulger.
Smith tells Brown.
He sees Blair as leader of the party.
A year later  Smith suffers a fatal heart attack.
Blair  encouraged  decides to stand in the leadership contest.
He later meets to tell him.
He has received support.
Previously a supporter switches his allegiance to Blair.
Brown is furious.
Blair has gone back.
Smith s funeral passes.
Blair s camp is sure.
Brown will run.
Charlie Whelan and Ed Balls advise Brown.
He will receive support.
Blair decides to arrange a meeting.
Blair tells Brown.
He will run  and in return offers Brown unprecedented power as his Chancellor  should they win the next election.
Brown asks.
What Blair s plan is.
Blair tells him.
He will step down and offer his support as Prime Minister.
Brown agrees.
Mandelson prepares a statement  but discards Brown s alterations.
The leadership contest is won.
<EOS>
At the Glensville Sanatorium  West Virginia  Dr Brendan Ryan is showing local psychiatrist Dr Ann McQuaid  around the psychiatric hospital.
He shows her three deformed patients  Three-Finger  One-Eye and.
Who all have the ability to inflict pain and not feel it.
One grabs Dr McQuaid s hair and rips out her hair clip.
Dr Ryan and Dr McQuaid move on.
She does not notice.
The Patient gives the hair clip.
Charlie  the orderly hears the commotion and investigates.
The three cannibals pick the lock and escape their cells.
One-Eye  Saw-Tooth and Three-Finger attack Charlie  killing him.
Who begin to kill the doctors  including Dr McQuid who is electrocuted and Dr Ryan who has his limbs ripped off by barb wire.
Kenia  a lesbian couple Sara and Bridget  along with their friends Claire  boyfriend Kyle  Jenna  boyfriend Vincent  Lauren and boyfriend Daniel are going snowmobiling  heading to Kenia s boyfriend Porter s cabin in the mountains.
They get lost.
They get there.
The teens explore the asylum and decide to wait out the storm.
Lauren remembers her brother s stories.
Her friends do not believe her.
Vincent  suffering  begins strolling around the asylum.
The group go.
Vincent is stabbed by Saw-Tooth through the head with a needle.
The next day continues  the group notice and began to look for him.
Vincent is missing.
Jenna witnesses the cannibals butchering Porter s body  and runs back to tell the others.
Searching. 
The friends find Porter s severed head.
Claire is caught and lifted up to a near-by balcony.
Kyle attempts to save her.
The cannibals pull Claire tighter  decapitating her.
The group begin to flee.
The cannibals have stripped off their spark plug wires.
Lauren sets off to ski down the mountain to retrieve help.
The others barricade themselves.
Sometime later  Sara  Daniel and Kyle go.
They return to the others.
Daniel is captured.
Kyle  Sara  Kenia  Jenna and Bridget overhear has been eaten alive.
His screams and run back to save him but arrive too late and find he.
The teens encounter the cannibals and began chasing them  successfully trapping them.
The group urge to kill the cannibals.
Kenia refuses  willing not to be.
The girls leave Kyle to guard the cannibals.
They set off to find the spark plug wires.
The cannibals use a hidden hair clip to escape and attack him.
Kyle is asleep.
Giving up their search  the girls return to the doctor s office.
They encounter.
Who they believe to be a cannibal.
They manage to stab the figure  however soon realize.
They have actually killed Kyle.
The survivors are chased up.
Where they find their previously stolen ski jackets.
They are locked.
The girls escape.
Jenna is killed.
She can get out.
The cannibals chase them.
Kenia  Sara and Bridget attempt to get away.
Ultimatley Bridget is run over  killing her.
Lauren is seen to have frozen to death from the storm.
Kenia is still searching.
When One-Eye reappears.
Sara arrives and saves Kenia  knocking.
They accidentally run  decapitating them both.
Kenia and Sara drive away.
Three-Finger picks up their heads and puts them  before driving away with the other cannibals.
<EOS>
The film is a melodrama.
Which Na Woon-gyu s character breaks up and becomes a vagabond.
The girlfriend marries another man.
He leaves again.
When Na returns and discovers her married.
<EOS>
Rani is a housewife.
Living a routine existence  Rani looks and attend her dance classes.
One day her old friend comes into her life.
Abinash is a renowned musician today and have been travelling.
Abinash says  but can not offer himself up fully.
He has had relationships.
The memory stands in his way.
He asks her to spend a day.
That he can get over her.
<EOS>
The film opens as a small child singing the popular song Volare with his brother in the back seat of a car on the way to a family gathering.
The family is one.
They are celebrating the fact.
They have such a good life.
The relationship between Peppino and his uncle Cesare is established.
His uncle is a Don or Mafia boss.
Where the story is set.
We see Don Cesare blown up by a car bomb.
Was planted.
This ends Peppino s time.
Even he is thrust into the realities of life in the Mafia.
He goes to a local painter  Stefano Venuti   to paint a picture of Cesare.
Who is also a very outspoken member.
Stefano refuses to paint it but does not really give him a reason.
He did not get along.
When he was alive.
He can not really tell this sad stubborn little boy.
He can not paint him.
Stefano ends up taking Peppino and puts his stubborn persistent energy to use in the aid of the Communist Party in Sicily.
The story then jumps.
When Peppino is a young adult protestesting against the government expropriating land that belonged to local farmers to build an airport with his Comrades in the Communist Party.
They all end up.
Where Peppino is bailed out.
Peppino brings Stefano an article.
He has written.
This is the point.
Where there is a break.
Peppino becomes more and more extreme.
Is happening.
Peppino and his father get.
This begins break.
Peppino s next step to expose called Radio Aut.
The Mafia was to create a radio station.
Condemned the Mafia and told in the drug trade.
Peppino s father is under a lot of pressure to make his son stop.
What he is doing.
Peppino gets kicked out.
His mother is still looking out.
She brings him books and keeps him hidden.
Meanwhile Luigi can not handle the situation.
Peppino has created so he goes to visit his relatives in America.
They tell him.
They can get Peppino a job if he wants.
He has a conversation with Peppino and then gets hit by a car on his walk home from his restaurant.
Peppino does not acknowledge his father s Mafia friends.
This was not unexpected.
It was rude and dangerous.
Peppino starts to doubt in the people s commitment to resist the Mafia.
He feels.
He is all alone.
He decides to run in a local election running under a very small leftist party while continuing his radio crusade.
The Mafia eventually gets tired and decides.
Life would be easier.
They have men follow him.
When he stops.
His friends realize and go looking.
Something s up.
They can not find anything.
When they find the police.
They can see the blood from.
Where he was beaten.
They protest vehemently to investigate it as a murder but the police  having been influenced by the Mafia  rule the case terrorist act  and then later on as a suicide and leave.
There is a huge demonstration of support from the many people.
Who he had made an impact.
Peppino Impastato was killed.
The case was originally treated.
No one was convicted until.
When the case was reopened.
Gaetano Badalamenti was convicted and given a life sentence.
<EOS>
The story plays  In The Time Of Heroes for over 9000 years the fight was ever between undead and humans.
Who won.
Evil Of Heroes - Zombiecommand.
<EOS>
A man arrives to work as a waiter at the run-down Hotel Busarewski.
He is installed  and soon begins to serve customers under the supervision of a strict  wheelchair-using manager suffering from an exaggerated self image.
The man befriends two co-workers  the talkative Gustav The Count Svensson and the beautiful waitress Anna.
Anna says.
She is only there working temporarily  just  and that she will soon move on to work at a seaside hotel.
Anna takes the man to her borrowed apartment and tries to persuade him to go away with her somewhere.
She tries to hug him.
He is reluctant and returns.
There The Count visits him and reveals a plan.
He has that would bring them both lots.
But they will first have to free a friend.
Order to realize it.
Who happens to be.
The Count gives the man the code name Giliap to use.
Later Anna tries to have a talk about feelings.
She thinks.
He is mysterious.
Giliap claims.
His secret is that he does nt have any secrets.
Anna says.
She fears that he is going to take all her feelings and then just disappear.
The rescue operation fails because of poor preparation and ends in confusion.
The Count becomes seriously ill  and lying in his bed surrounded by colleagues.
He asks.
Who is  to The Count s satisfaction.
Later Giliap has bought a flower bouquet.
Arriving. 
He is greeted.
Giliap goes there  finds her and embraces her.
She starts to cry.
They share dinner.
She is sharing.
The Count arrives and asks for whiskey.
Anna once again tries to persuade Giliap to go away with her  before leaving for work.
Outside she runs.
Who shows her lots.
She dismisses him.
He then brings out a gun and shoots her.
Giliap and Anna s roommate walk out and find.
The money shattered all and start to collect it  before discovering Anna s body in the sand.
Afterwards Anna s friends leaves  leaving Giliap alone.
<EOS>
King Edward IV has been placed on the throne with the help of his brother  Richard  Duke of Gloucester.
He leaves with his son.
Richard contemplates the throne.
Outlines his physical deformities.
He goes on to describe his jealousy to power in contrast to his lowly position.
He dedicates himself and plans to frame his brother  George  Duke of Clarence  for conspiring to kill the King  and to have George sent to the Tower of London  by claiming.
George will murder Edward s heirs.
He then tells his brother.
He will help him get out.
Having confused and deceived the King  Richard proceeds after getting a warrant  and enlists two ruffians to carry out his dirty work  George is murdered  drowned in a butt of wine.
Richard stopped it passing.
Edward had sent a pardon.
Richard goes on to woo and seduce the Lady Anne.
She can not resist and ends up marrying him.
She hates him.
Richard then orchestrates disorder  fueling rivalries  and setting the court against the Queen consort  Elizabeth.
The King  weakened  appoints his brother  Richard  as Lord Protector  and dies soon after hearing of the death of George.
Edward s son   is met en route to London.
To become Edward V.
Richard has the Lord Chamberlain  Lord Hastings arrested and executed  and forces the young King  along the Duke of York  to have a protracted stay at the Tower of London.
Richard enlists the help of his cousin The Duke of Buckingham to alter his public image  and to become popular with the people.
Richard becomes the people s first choice to become the new King.
Buckingham had aided Richard  but balks at the idea of murdering the two princes.
Richard then asks a minor knight  Sir James Tyrrel  eager  to have young Edward and the Duke of York killed in the Tower of London.
Richard shouts.
I am not.
Richard  now fearful due  raises an army to defend his throne and the House of York against the House of Lancaster  led by Henry  Earl of Richmond  at Bosworth Field.
However  Buckingham is captured and executed.
Richard is haunted by the ghosts of all those he has killed in his bloody ascent to the throne.
He wakes screaming.
Richard composes himself  striding out to plan the battle  and gives a motivational speech to his troops.
The two forces engage  with the Lancastarians having the upper hand.
Lord Stanley   betrays Richard  and allies himself.
Whose loyalties had been questionable.
Richard sees this and charges  side-by-side with his loyal companion Sir William Catesby.
Order to kill Richmond and end the battle quickly.
Eventually Richard spots Richmond.
They briefly engage before being interrupted by Stanley s men.
Richard and Catesby are able to escape the oncoming forces  but   Richard is knocked off his horse  loses his cherished crown  and becomes separated from Catesby.
Who is off seeking rescue.
Searching desperately.
Whom he has lost sight.
Catesby is then killed without Richard even noticing.
Richard then spots Lord Stanley  and engages him.
The Lancastarian troops charge Richard  and fatally wound him.
A victor can emerge.
Richard convulses and offers his sword to the sky before dying.
Stanley orders finds Richard s crown.
Richard s body to be taken away  and then.
He then proceeds to offer it  leaving the crown of England in safe hands once again.
<EOS>
The film revolves.
Malu and 6-year old Appu were living together.
She takes Appu to Govindan s house.
When Malu is married.
Govindan is a bit annoyed  but adjusts to win over his wife.
Who is much younger.
Appu becomes jealous of Govindan and worries.
He will isolate him.
He attacks Govindan.
Malu scolds him.
The boy runs away.
Malu becomes distressed.
Towards the end.
It is revealed that Appu is actually the son.
He tirelessly searches and brings him back.
When Govindan discovers the truth.
<EOS>
Checco  a guy  is rejected.
Who works.
He became guardian  Checco immediately hooked bait Farah  he Puglia Taranto mother.
Her French mother Bina  but not what the guy imagine.
Is that the greatest threat is represented by the same Checco.
Farah  however  refuses to carry out his plan.
The suitcase would contain the bomb.
There is no.
He left.
<EOS>
Shyamal is an ambitious sales manager.
Where he is expecting a promotion shortly.
He is married.
Lives flat.
He aspires to become the company director.
His sister-in-law  Tutul  arrives to stay with them for a few days.
She is given a tour.
They lead.
They inhabit.
Tutul   greatly admires him and his idealism.
Whose father Shyamal had once been a student.
Secretly she is envious.
Life goes on smoothly.
He learns that a consignment is defective just before the shipment of a prestigious order.
To escape blame.
Shyamal hatches a plan to provoke a strike at the factory.
A factory watchman is badly injured  a false riot is organised.
A lock-out declared.
Shyamal is promoted.
There is congratulations all around.
However Shyamalendu has fallen.
He is finally.
<EOS>
Soong  a Khmer Rouge terrorist  sends his son  Todd Nguyen his friend Guan Ai  to Hong Kong in a North Korean ship.
Is a container of the lethal poison.
The Koreans send an assassination team to retrieve.
The Koreans are killed.
Todd is knocked unconscious.
The Hong Kong marine police showed up  forcing Guan to dump the container overboard and escape.
She could not kill Todd to prevent his capture.
Todd is a wanted criminal  and so is getting medical treatment.
Ma finds out.
Soong is to enlist his former Cambodian partners to rescue his son.
Todd is suffering.
Psychologist Shirley Kwan is brought.
Him restore his memory.
Kwan suggested implating a new identity  making him an undercover operative for the police.
Ma initially objects.
The Cambodian dies.
Ma spots Soong.
He disappears.
Soong breaks and finds out Ma s identity through old news bulletins.
He also finds broadcasts condemning the Khmer Rouge  so he plants a bomb.
Is detonated the next day.
The CCTV footage confirms.
It is Soong.
Suspecting  Ma orders Todd back and sets up an ambush at the hospital.
Soong will try to rescue Todd.
Soong and a few terrorists arrive.
As Todd is being moved.
They somehow know.
They kill the ATC team and escape  but without Todd.
Ma finally agrees.
But Todd also begins to have flashbacks and becomes confused.
Soong demands.
Ma bring Todd that he be alone.
Todd was placed.
An ambush team are set up.
An explosion erupts in a nearby building  causing the occupants to rush across the bridge.
Guan appears  stabs Todd s neck with a syringe and jumps onto a passing vehicle with an unconscious Todd  successfully escaping.
Soong tries to kill Ma  but flees.
When reinforcements arrive.
Soong tries to cure Todd.
Believing  Todd attempts to contact Ma.
He is undercover.
When Guan hires a ship to recover the chemicals.
Ma arranges another ambush.
When the terrorists arrive.
He also kept Todd s role from the other officers.
The police suffer.
Major casualties and Todd is shocked.
He considers shooting Soong.
He sees Guan watching him  however and hesitates.
He later ends up saving Soong and all three escape.
Todd sneaks back.
Ma issued an arrest warrant for him.
Tood returned and says.
He does nt remember the cause.
A police convoy is blocked.
They find.
The policeman s neck was slit and a bomb.
Guan triggers the bomb.
Who has flashbacks.
Ma orders police.
Guan and Todd enter the airport s restricted area as journalists on an airport tour.
They slip away  and are stopped by a pair of Airport Security Unit officers.
Guan shoots both policemen.
Meanwhile  Soong manages to recover the chemicals.
The files found on Todd are cracked  revealing the plans to unleash the chemicals over Cambodia.
Ma realises.
The terrorists may be planning to hijack a plane to rush to Kai Tak.
He discovers  though.
Most were already erroneously deployed to the new airport site at Chek Lap Kok.
Ma orders.
Guan and Todd successfully infiltrate the hangar  and hijack a small plane and crew.
Where they kill the technicians.
Soong transports the chemicals.
Another group appear.
As he arrives.
The officers are shot.
Several were also killed.
Guan is badly injured trying to save Todd.
She kills herself.
An infuriated Todd makes off.
The plane is still.
Ma and his team arrive at the airport.
Todd fends off Soong s men  escaping.
Leads. 
Soong follows right.
Ma deploys his men.
To trap them.
Todd and Soong fight before Ma s arrival.
Ma badly injures Soong.
Soong activates the chemical bomb and dies.
Ma is able to pull an injured Todd out.
As the tunnel gates are shut to contain the blast.
Todd mysteriously disappears.
Airport Todd leaves Hong Kong under the auspices of Ma  unknown to anyone else.
<EOS>
A photographer is sent to take pictures of churches for a calendar.
He slowly begins to realise.
His wife  an Armenian translator  is falling with their driver and unofficial guide  Ashot.
They grow more and more distant.
Finally separate.
Later   he uses an escort agency to invite a number of women to dinner  finally settling on the one.
Who looks and sounds most.
<EOS>
Dharamchand is the Chair.
Is due by the 30th of the month.
Shortly thereafter  his daughter  Hema  finds his dead body.
She phones her brother  Ratan.
Who arrives  finds a suicide note  clarifying that he had embezzled 20 lakhs from the bank  is unable to repay it  and hence is killing himself.
Ratan decides to protect the good name and does not tell anyone about the suicide note to anyone  including Hema.
Shortly thereafter  Ratan is approached.
Who threatens to expose Ratan s secret if Ratan does not participate.
Ratan assists him  the robbery takes place  the money is looted  all bank records are burnt.
The robbers make a successful getaway.
Ratan is relieved.
His problem has been resolved.
The family name is not tarnished.
The only problem is  a woman named Shobha.
Hema saw the robbers  and is able to identify one of them.
He asks her to keep this information a secret.
When she tells Ratan.
Then Ratan s friend  Sagar  arrives.
It is here.
Ratan will find out that Sagar is.
<EOS>
Luisa  a middle class housewife living  has a comfortable existence with her husband Ramiro.
Who has a successful medico-dental career.
They have two children  Ramirin and angela.
One winter day  Luisa  stopping  spots her ex-husband  angel.
Who is selling tissues.
Luisa looks for angel in the area.
Where she saw him before.
She finds him wandering.
Overcome  Luisa takes angel into her home in an effort to help him and rebuild the friendship.
The three once had.
Luisa is convinced.
Destiny has reunited them.
Luisa  angel and Ramiro were three inseparable friends.
They formed an uneasy love triangle.
They became adults.
Which the two men were rivals.
Luisa married angel.
Two years later  she left him to marry Ramiro.
Who she thought was the one she was mean to be.
Ramiro is not pleased to see again his former friend.
Who he wishfully presumed to be dead.
Unwillingly  he accepts angel s presence.
He thought.
Angel was working living a prosperous life in South America.
However   angel spent all his money in a restless life.
He reappears.
Angel still loves Luisa and has never overcome his feelings about their divorce.
He still wears the ring.
She gave him.
The ring has the inscription  P.
R.
E.
O.
M.
That stands  To be reunited in the other world.
Initially overwhelmed  angel tries to leave.
Angela brings him back home.
He has fits  foaming  and blood.
Medical results show.
He is terminally ill.
Soon  Ramiro and angel shift and have a bitter confrontation.
Luisa is torn.
She loves angel  but also loves her husband and beyond reason  wants to have them both.
Angel establishes a friendship.
The girl is more sympathetic.
The boy  always taking his father side  is a little hostile.
Angel spellbinds them.
He takes them.
Where he reenacts a scene from his own childhood.
He sees the reflection of his own youth and his erstwhile friendship with Luisa and Ramiro.
Ramiro and Luisa find out and has very little time to live.
Angel is.
Angel is terminally ill.
Ramiro hopes.
He can wait out angel s declining health  while Luisa does not accept the medical verdict.
Luisa insists upon caring for him in the house rather than sending him off to a hospital.
He is soon bedridden and.
Luisa makes love.
She has sex.
When she returns in their bedroom.
She loves them both intensely and equally.
He falls in  alone through force of will brings him back to life to the astonishment of her husband and children.
When angel condition worsens.
She takes.
Angel makes love to him.
She does not deceive her husband  she tells him so right.
Ramiro takes the information.
The end is near.
Ramiro prepares a lethal doze to accelerate his death.
When angel is.
The dying man makes a final  desperate bid to steal his ex-wife away from her new spouse.
He grasps the hypodermic needle and kills Ramiro.
Dragging himself  angel dies next to Luisa.
Luisa then takes a ring.
R.
E.
O.
M.
Written and puts it on the now dead Ramiro  to bring the two ex-friends and rivals together in the after life.
Luisa and the children follow two funeral cars  both coffins have written  to be reunited in the other world.
<EOS>
A group decide to create a secret society and have fun cruising around campus  pulling pranks and having poker parties in an abandoned boiler room.
However  the circle decides to escalate things.
They all get A s.
Mr Spencer Runcie is convinced.
They cheated  but just can not prove it.
The circle.
Who got an A.
Where someone does name one name  Frazier  who is expelled.
The circle suspects.
Runcie will not say who the rat is.
It is the nerdy Faulkner.
His roommate and fellow circle member  Alex   assures his fellow circle members.
Who has been helping Faulkner impress a girl  Tess.
Faulkner is not the rat.
However  one is convinced.
Faulker is the rat  and when Faulkner is found and dies soon afterwards  Alex is convinced that he was murdered by someone in the circle.
His suspicions are rejected.
The police get involved.
One circle member  Jetson Harlow  is arrested  but later released.
They decide to kidnap Smitty and force him.
When the circle learns that Smitty was the rat.
Smitty does so  and confesses.
Smitty killed Faulkner  and told Runcie after the fact.
He was convinced that Faulkner knew that he was the rat.
Runcie is wounded.
The police arrive to arrest Smitty  and to take Runcie to the hospital.
Having been able to avoid being expelled  the remaining circle of friends graduate.
<EOS>
Abhiram or Abhi   is the son.
Called. 
He is born and brought up.
Life is just a game.
He is accustomed.
He dates several girls.
One day he comes.
Abhi challenges his friends.
He would make her fall within few days.
Abhi invites Janaki after a dance programme and proposes to her.
Janaki  being an orphan  is very kind and is.
She mingles and provides succour to them.
But  being a rich boy  Abhi hates those people.
However  Janaki s free-spirited nature takes him very near.
He develops an intimate friendship.
Janaki keeps maintaining some distance and does not express her love.
She can not love him.
She likes him.
He is not sensitive.
A privileged upbringing makes him myopic.
She wants to express her love  she learns.
Abhi has challenged his friends and decides to keep herself off.
Abhi tries to convince her.
Dropping her after a party.
He is really.
She does not listen.
Abhi causes an accident.
Where a woman dies.
Two become orphans.
Janaki survives the accident.
Abhi wakes up.
Abhi can not find Janaki.
He decides to go on his bike.
He happens to meet a motorbike thief called Vetti Velu.
He is good.
Velu is a vehicle thief.
The journey Abhi takes  changes his life drastically.
He is exposed and yet its simple joys.
The landscapes and the people takes him.
He meets.
Alters his perceptions forever.
Be it a teacher.
Who supports orphan kids  a disillusioned ex-militant  a prostitute who craves  they all aid in his journey of.
<EOS>
Danny Kaye plays a double role.
Buster Dingle  is a loud and goofy performer.
Who goes.
Edwin Dingle is a studious  quiet bookworm writing a history book.
The two brothers have not seen each other.
Buster becomes the witness  and is promptly murdered himself.
He comes back  calling on his long-lost brother for help to bring the killer to justice.
The shy Edwin must take his brother s place.
After his testimony is given.
He has to dodge Jackson s hitmen and fill in for Buster at the nightclub.
To help him out  Buster -- -- possesses him.
Who can not be seen or heard.
A famous scene features Edwin  possessed  performing at the Club.
Edwin pretends to be a famous Russian singer with an allergy to flowers.
A vase is nonetheless placed on a table near him.
His song  Otchi Chornya  is frequently interrupted.
The story is further humorously complicated   Edwin is admired by librarian Ellen Shanley.
The murdered Buster was engaged to entertainer Midge Mallon.
Whilst Midge consoles herself by marrying the owner of the club.
Where Buster was appearing.
<EOS>
A daily commuter romantically pursues a fellow passenger Jane with the help of Briggs the bus conductor.
His hopes are thwarted.
When he is fired at a major department store.
However he is eventually able to return  securing both his dream job and the girl.
He loves.
<EOS>
Kiki ekes out a living selling newspapers.
She sets out to fulfill her dream and apply.
When she learns that a chorus girl has been fired.
Poverty stricken  she spends her rent money to buy suitable clothes.
She gets kicked out the first time   but manages to sneak back.
She was not sent.
She is mistaken by an Agency applicant.
Waiting. 
Who gives Kiki her letter to present to Renal.
He mistakes it  and gives her an audition.
Her singing talent gets her the job.
Her debut  however  is a disaster.
She repeatedly gets.
Paulette finally pushes her  sending her crashing.
Paulette slaps him.
When Renal tries to separate the battling women.
Renal also sends Kiki a letter.
He feels sorry and gives her back her job.
When she comes to see him.
He tries to hustle her out.
Paulette enters.
Kiki refuses to leave.
Paulette and Renal have a falling out.
Renal decides to take Kiki.
Paulette goes out and ends up at the same restaurant.
Determined to humiliate her rival  Paulette invites herself and taunts Kiki into drinking several glasses of champagne.
Kiki becomes drunk  embarrassing Renal.
He deposits her and asks.
Where she lives.
She confesses  so he takes her home.
She has been evicted.
She has no place to go.
He kisses her.
She locks herself.
When he tries.
He is forced to sleep.
Each day  Renal decides to get rid.
Each night he relents.
Meanwhile  Kiki intercepts Paulette s daily letters to prevent a reconciliation.
Renal finally learns from Rapp.
Rapp recommends.
He get back together and offers to take Kiki off his hands.
Kiki mistakenly believes.
Renal wants Paulette back  while Renal thinks that Kiki welcomes Rapp s attentions and greater wealth.
Kiki decides to go  taking only and decides to fight.
What she came  but then changes her mind.
Threatens Paulette with a knife  Renal orders.
Her to leave.
Thinking quickly  Kiki pretends to fall  convincing a doctor.
She is a victim.
Rapp makes a hasty departure.
Renal decides.
He can not leave Kiki alone.
Kiki kisses Renal and confesses.
Paulette is gone.
She loves him.
He embraces her.
<EOS>
Minty accidentally breaks.
The Here Comes Christmas Candy Cane  which apparently guides Santa Claus.
To try for doing this  Minty gives each pony one of her socks.
When Pinkie Pie finds out what Minty has done.
Then decides.
She should go to set things right.
Minty is terrible  so the chase is on to save her in the process of saving Christmas.
<EOS>
The death of Associate Justice Stanley Moorehead has created a vacancy on the United States Supreme Court.
The new appointee turns out to be Ruth Loomis  a staunch conservative.
Who is confirmed.
She and Associate Justice Daniel Snow  a committed liberal and many years older than Loomis  clash intellectually about every judicial issue before them.
One case involves a pornographic film and arguments.
The two characters develop a liking and respect for each other.
<EOS>
The portal to a parallel universe was discovered.
There is no escaping Shadowzone.
Even thoughts can betray you.
There. 
That s a lesson learned too late.
Comes an alien invader.
Disturbs the experiment  taking the shape.
Only two survive at the end of the movie.
<EOS>
Dev Anand  a simple and poor driver cum assistant.
He is hard pressed to fund money.
When a stranger offers him money in return for playing an imposter of a brother in law for a dying old man in Darjeeling who owns a palace and of course millions worth of property.
Dev had been meeting there.
What seems.
Farida Jalal complicates the matters.
Nothing is.
It seems.
It turns out to be a good whodunit mystery to prove his innocence.
The identity remains.
A mystery and the climax comes.
<EOS>
An old and laid-off factory worker seeks to marry an obese and divorced middle-aged woman.
Who he hopes will bring him warmth and comfort.
So he sets out desperately to find a way to make money.
He has promised to present.
The hapless man and his friend decide to renovate a broken bus.
Is popular.
He turns this bus.
He names Happy Times Hotel  which he will rent visiting the hill.
He finds himself entrusted.
He brags and how much money he is making.
Who is unwanted.
Not willing to expose his scheme and ruin his attempt to get married  the man enlists the help.
Who agree to do all they can to make the lonely girl happy as a masseuse in the hotel.
Orphaned girl develops  leading to a moving and surprising conclusion.
The story unfolds  a touching friendship.
<EOS>
A director has been allowed to direct Trio  a big-budget action film starring Sylvester Stallone  Whoopi Goldberg  and Jackie Chan.
The studio recuts the film.
He steals the film and goes  threatening to burn it.
When Smithee sees the results and realizes that he can not use a pseudonym.
<EOS>
The film starts  and is told through a series of flashbacks and documentary interviews  telling the story of  Robert met their untimely end.
Embezzling real estate mogul Andrew and his younger Wall Street broker brother.
The two men compete  and try to one-up each other with Robert marrying social climber Nancy and having 3 children.
Andrew marries TV news analyst Haley.
They ca nt ultimately cope.
Nancy starts having an affair and kills her husband.
Andrew starts doing drugs.
Nancy is convicted and sentenced to life in a Hong Kong women s prison.
Andrew s driver Juan Castillo was arrested.
Nancy and Robert s daughters are.
Haley starts using her maiden name and returned to work.
<EOS>
Pacifist John Armstrong runs a drapery store  helped by his apprentice Peggy and German assistant Otto.
Who are having an affair.
Local landowner Lieutenant Baring finds Otto a suspicious character  but is angrily assured.
He is trustworthy.
Armstrong is attracted.
Who plans to turn their home  Fanshawe Hall  on the inevitable outbreak of war between Britain and Germany.
Otto leaves John a note stating his allegiance  and fails to return to work after the 1914 August bank holiday.
Peggy is distraught.
She is carrying his child.
She is disowned.
Betty hears and offers shelter to Peggy at Fanshawe.
War breaks out.
Injured serviceman start to arrive.
John visits to offer a charitable donation.
Starts to tell Betty deflated.
He feels  but is.
She can not think.
John finally enlists in the army.
He becomes fast friends with the cheery working-class Ginger.
The pair admit their trepidation.
Betty turns up to wish John goodbye and good luck.
The regiment leaves.
They embrace.
Peggy suffers a miscarriage.
John fights.
She decides to become a nurse and help Betty.
John comes home and is upset to see Betty handing her locket to Baring as a keepsake.
Ginger arrives to visit.
He sees Peggy being harassed in to rescue her.
He is out walking.
They begin to fall.
Ginger and John are recalled.
Peggy can be honest about her past.
Baring is attacked by Otto.
Who is killed.
Ginger is shocked.
When he finds a picture.
John is moving the badly-wounded Baring to safety.
When he finds Betty s locket.
He considers leaving Baring to die  but comes to his senses and continues dragging Baring to shelter.
A shell explodes nearby.
John is blinded.
He is repatriated and sent to Fanshawe to be nursed.
The Armistice is signed.
Ginger visits Melcombe again  but refuses to have anything to do.
Baring reveals.
Betty gave him her locket to pass on to John.
He forgot about it.
John now realises.
Betty does not love Baring  but refuses to advance his own suit as he does not want her to feel she has to commit herself.
Betty is hurt.
Peggy intercedes  telling John.
He must be honest about his love for her.
He refuses  but manages to effect a happy reconciliation.
John feels adrift and unsure.
Society begins to recover.
What to do.
He learns  and finds purpose by setting up a branch in Melcombe.
Ginger and Peggy have married  and come down.
Betty decides.
If John will not make the running  she will ask him to marry her.
He agrees  and later receives the good news.
He can have an operation which will restore his sight.
<EOS>
Answering the Fire Chief s request form their own firefighting squadron  replete with ersatz uniforms  a fire pole  a dog-and-cat-powered alarm  and a jerry-built fire engine.
Must be seen to be believed.
The kids are afforded the opportunity to put out a real fire.
They do.
<EOS>
The movie takes place.
It opens he had written.
The scene then fades out.
The movie shows.
What happened.
Paul  a shy virgin  is friends.
Who is tired.
Paul is staying over the weekend.
Paul is madly.
She has no interest.
Guenther invites some people over to have an all night party  filled.
It is one.
Paul and Guenther have made a suicide pact.
Guenther and his sister Hilde clearly have feelings.
Complicates the brother-sister relationship.
Guenther  Paul and Hilde go before proceeding to their parents  apartment in the city.
There the drama ends.
The question is.
What actually happened.
The film is based.
<EOS>
After 18 years of worldwide female infertility  civilisation is on the brink of collapse.
Humanity faces the grim reality.
The United Kingdom  one of the few stable nations with a functioning government  has been deluged by asylum seekers from around the world  fleeing the chaos and war.
Has taken hold.
Britain has become a militarised police state as British forces round up and detain immigrants.
Kidnapped  former activist turned.
Cynical bureaucrat Theo Faron is brought.
They separated.
Their son died in.
Julian offers Theo money to acquire transit papers.
Theo obtains.
However  the bearer must be accompanied  so Theo agrees to escort Kee for a larger sum.
Luke  a Fishes member  drives them and former midwife Miriam to a boat.
They are ambushed.
Julian is fatally shot.
Luke kills two police officers.
Who stop their car.
They escape.
Kee reveals her importance  she is pregnant.
Julian had told her to only trust him  intending to hand Kee  a supposed scientific group in the Azores dedicated to curing infertility.
However  Luke persuades Kee to stay.
That night  Theo eavesdrops and discovers.
Julian s death was orchestrated so the group could use the baby to support the coming revolution.
Theo wakes Kee and Miriam.
They steal a car  escaping Jasper Palmer  a former editorial cartoonist.
A plan is formulated to board the Human Project ship Tomorrow.
Will arrive offshore.
Jasper proposes getting Syd  a camp guard.
He knows  to smuggle them.
The Fishes trail.
The group and Jasper stays behind to stall them  giving the government-issued suicide drug Quietus.
A horrified Theo witnesses the Fishes kill him.
Later they meet Syd.
Who transports them.
Miriam distracts a suspicious guard and is taken away.
When Kee begins having contractions.
That night Kee gives birth.
The next day Syd informs Theo and Kee.
A war  including the Fishes  has begun.
Syd threatens to turn them in.
They attack him and escape.
Amidst the fighting and British troops  the Fishes capture Kee.
Theo tracks her and her baby.
Is and escorts her out.
Awed  the combatants stop fighting momentarily  enabling them to escape.
Marichka leads them  but refuses to join them.
Theo rows away  revealing to Kee.
He had been shot.
Kee tells Theo.
They witness the aerial bombing by the Royal Air Force.
She will name her baby Dylan.
Theo loses consciousness.
Kee begins to sing a lullaby.
The Tomorrow approaches.
<EOS>
The film mainly consists.
A superhero named Dickman  dressed show.
Who defeats his enemies.
He had hosted.
The film went direct and consistently rates in IMDB s bottom 100 movies.
Lawrence Van Gelder wrote a scathing review of the film  saying the movie stands as a monument to ineptitude and.
<EOS>
Kammo lives a very wealthy lifestyle.
Who would like her to get married.
She chooses to marry a pilot named Sumankumar.
Who is known.
She runs away.
When he disapproves.
He advertises and offers to pay Rs.
.
25 lakh.
Four days later  Kammo returns.
She is not the same anymore  she is more humble  sober  and respectful.
Fully appreciative  Girdharilal agrees to her marriage to Sumankumar.
A man named -- this visit will change their lives forever.
Sagar approaches them.
<EOS>
May.
The city  the Bolsheviks  stronghold in Russia  is attacked by the counter-revolutionary White Army of General Nikolai Yudenich.
Who is supported.
The city s High Soviet is demoralized and about to order an evacuation.
The White fifth column plots an insurrection.
The Krasnaya Gorka fort dispatches a detachment  among them is the young Vladimir Shibaev.
Joseph Stalin arrives  rallies the communists and routes the enemy  saving the city.
The Red Army faces defeat.
<EOS>
The story is a satire.
The main character  Felix Farmer  is a phenomenally successful film producer.
Who has just made the first flop  to the dismay of his movie studio and the loss of his own sanity.
Felix attempts suicide four times  First  he attempts to die  only to have it slip into gear and drive through the side of his garage  down a sand dune.
Ending up.
Secondly  he attempts to hang himself  only to fall through the floor  landing on a poisonous Hollywood gossip columnist standing in the living room below.
Thirdly  he turns  but is prevented from carrying out his intent by two house guests with other things on their mind.
Thereafter he spends most.
His friends and hangers-on occupy his beach house.
The occupation leads.
Degenerates. 
Finally  he tries to shoot himself but is prevented from doing so by the ministrations of a sweet young thing in a pair of panties  and experiences a revelation of - Free Love.
What was missing.
He persuades the studio and his wife Sally Miles  an Oscar-winning movie star with a goody-goody image  to allow him to revise the film into a soft-core pornographic musical.
Which she must appear topless.
He liquidates most.
Both he and Sally will be impoverished  at least.
He fails.
The studio is keen to unload the film onto Felix and move on.
They plot to regain control.
It becomes apparent that it will be a success.
Using California s community property laws  they get the distribution and final-cut rights.
Felix then tries to get the movie negatives  and is shot by police.
Who think it is a real pistol.
Felix s untimely and violent death creates yet another crisis  particularly Culley  Coogan and Dr Finegarten.
Who plan to give him a burial.
They kidnap his corpse  substituting the body.
Who died  having a heart attack while jogging on the beach in front of Felix s home.
Felix gets a Viking funeral  being sent out in a burning dinghy.
The actor finally gets the Hollywood burial many thought he deserved.
The epilogue later reveals.
The revamped film was a huge success.
Sally won another Academy Award.
Little is seen.
Is the focus  except for an extended dream sequence and a brief shot taking place close to the end.
The title is Night Wind.
Provokes the headline Critics break Wind seen at the start of S.
O.
B.
The opening sequence.
O.
B.
Is the first version.
Where Julie Andrews wanders  reliving in sublimated form some dark episode from her character s childhood.
Several come to life  including a group of toy soldiers.
The tune plays in the background.
Later Felix  having decided to rewrite the movie  reveals his plan to the studio heads on the set of the toy room  hiding at first.
The executives wander.
Then  the same set is used.
The toys   are dressed in various erotic costumes.
The dream features a mysterious man.
Who tries.
<EOS>
Writer Muraki becomes obsessed  while doing a feature story on her.
They begin a short romance.
He discovers that Nami was an unwilling participant and that the rape sequence was real.
She has descended.
When he finds her again years later.
<EOS>
Raja is a minor league crook.
Who sells railway tickets.
Tired he looks for new ways to make a quick buck.
One day   he robs Rs.
5 million.
Later  Raja and Ghafoor bump off the inspector and run away.
Raja sets eyes on psychiatrist Dr Neha and promptly falls in love with her.
Raja and Ghafoor quickly find out.
Where she lives.
Ghafoor pretends to be a psychiatric patient  telling her.
Raja takes and befriends her.
He has just returned.
S.
However  Ghafoor cautions Raja not to hurry and be patient.
The trouble begins.
When Bunnu  the son  is sent to Neha for treatment.
He is crazy.
Terrified. 
Soon  he too falls and discovers.
He has a rival who is Raja.
Suddenly  Neha has to leave with her father to attend her uncle s wedding.
She does not leave.
Both Raja and Bunnu impersonate policemen and intimidate her secretary.
Where she is.
Dr Neha is thrilled to see them but is drawn closer to the ill Bunnu rather than Raja.
Things take an ugly turn.
When Ghafoor tries to kill Bunnu  who escapes.
Bunnu contacts contract killer Pappu Pager to bump off Raja.
However  that plan too comes a cropper.
Armed and garland  Neha calls Bunnu and Raja to court  ostensibly with the purpose of marriage.
Both are surprised to see the other there.
Then they find out  Neha was getting married.
Raveena Tandon makes a special appearance.
<EOS>
The movie deals.
He suffers  preventing him from living on his own.
Elling has lived.
The authorities take him and send him to an institution.
When his mother dies.
Where he has always lived.
His roommate is the simpleminded  sex-obsessed Kjell Bjarne.
The Norwegian government pays to move into an apartment in Oslo.
Where every day is a challenge as they must prove they can get out and lead relatively normal lives.
They learn to break free from their respective conditions.
<EOS>
Bertrand  a film director  is conducting research  and asks a funeral director.
He can stay back after the close of business.
Bertrand can not resist getting  and accidentally knocks the lid down  locking himself in the coffin.
It is clear.
When Bertrand is released.
He has been profoundly affected.
He considers hiring a prostitute  but cancels.
He returns.
Where a strange man breaks.
The man eventually takes Bertrand to a mansion.
Headquarters to what appears to be a cult.
It also seems to be devoted.
The cult has militaristic aspects.
Bertrand is gradually drawn.
<EOS>
The two main characters John and Suzy meet.
Skiing. 
They run again in New York.
John follows her.
<EOS>
Amy Myer is a woman.
Whose dying mother made out a timeline and predicted she would marry her seventh boyfriend.
But  she decides to find another sixth boyfriend to dump.
When she falls head.
Order to marry Daniel.
She settles.
Who is.
Unfortunately  things do nt go.
Planned when Amy realizes that she has feelings.
<EOS>
Returning home  a young Darius Foxx witnesses his mailman father shoot his mother and her lover after walking in on them together.
Darius s father looks directly into his son s eyes  and shoots himself in the mouth.
Sixteen years later  Darius moves as the new mailman  cryptically telling anyone.
Who asks that his predecessor is out for an indeterminate amount of time.
Darius is a psychopath.
Who spends his free time reading and tampering on his route  rewriting letters and smashing packages  among other acts of vandalism.
Aiding Darius is a local teenage delinquent named Daniel Everson.
Who had become disillusioned.
Unbeknownst however  Darius is serial killer and Daniel s girlfriend  Veronica.
Who murders people who become suspicious  such as a gas meter man.
Darius reveals.
The two enact a plan to blackmail the mayor using information they had gleaned from the mail.
He is his biological brother  and that he had moved to Smithfield to find and reconnect.
Darius sends Daniel out to get beer.
Darius kills.
He is gone.
A hitman sent to deal with him.
Beth and Jay break  having become concerned about the new mailman s activities  and his relationship with Daniel.
As Darius disposes.
Darius appears  knocks them out  and ties them up  intent.
The two discover the body stuffed in a closet.
Daniel returns  and is ordered to kill Beth by Darius.
Who says she is not his real sister  and that her family will never truly accept him like he does.
Daniel stabs him with a letter opener  and releases Beth and Jay.
Beth and Jay embrace  not noticing Darius s eyes open.
A hysterical Daniel breaks down sobbing.
<EOS>
The film begins.
Toni then returns and attempts to gas herself using a second-hand stove.
Fortunately  her neighbor  Igor Sullivan  smells the gas and rescues her.
Evolves after Toni regains consciousness.
The movie then explores the reasons.
Toni s lover Julian  a dentist and philanderer  had previously avoided commitment.
He had a wife and two kids.
He decides to marry Toni  resulting in his need for a wife to divorce.
Order to sustain his earlier alibi.
Julian asks Stephanie Dickinson  his longtime dental assistant  to pose.
She ultimately relents.
She has long nurtured a crush.
Toni senses Miss Dickinson s feelings for Julian and asks Julian to help Miss Dickinson find another man  so that everyone would be happy.
Julian s friend Harvey  one Senor Arturo Sanchez  and Igor  Toni s upstairs neighbor  all become implicated.
Ultimately  Toni suspects Julian and leaves him  leaving Julian to finally fall in love with Miss Dickinson.
The prickly cactus gives the film its name.
Miss Dickinson keeps.
The symbolic cactus thrives in the driest of settings.
However  both cactus and Miss Dickinson have bloomed.
<EOS>
Competing gangs try to gain control of their territories.
The government sponsored.
Informant system is becoming a nuisance.
Raffy Omillio Sparks finds out the hard way.
The ` snitch-network  has hit him where it hurts most  when he discovers his wife is actually a police informant.
<EOS>
This is a movie.
Gives you an idea.
It is.
Who considered a girl performing Kuchipudi dance an embarrassment.
Who is fighting tooth and nail to pass.
He finally manages to find a girl.
Who he trains.
He gets outcast.
Girls learning Kuchipudi was not accepted.
<EOS>
A scientist invents.
A television called the Iconoscope  which thieves try to steal.
Ironically  the term iconoscope was used.
<EOS>
Ayyadurai has been the local MLA.
Since he killed the sitting MLA  who was robbing his constituents.
Maadasamy   has been his right-hand man.
Who belongs.
Maadasamy s daughter Selvi loves Ayyadurai s son Chelladurai.
He does not reciprocate her feelings.
Karuppusamy  son.
Who was killed.
He plans to become the MLA.
Selvi finally succeeds.
But Karuppaswamy manages to find out.
Who is about to be transferred to successfully stop the marriage on basi of minor marriage.
The inspector lies.
Ayyadurai secretly told to stop this marriage due to cast difference and maadaswamy immedeatly breaks the friendship.
Maadaswami joins.
He instigates Maadasamy.
Chelladurai and Karuppusamy fight out.
Karuppusamy tries to get Maadasamy killed from election challenging Karuppusamy.
Karuppusamy and Maadasamy fall in remorse.
Ayya forgives them  but has already called the police to get arrested ending the hatred against him if any in Karuppusamy s family.
<EOS>
The film starts visiting her dead grandma s grave at a New York cemetery  and informs.
She was moving to become an actress and find her father  Screenwriter Herbert Tucker.
Libby takes the bus  then hitchhikes the rest of the way.
Libby then tries to call.
Herb but gets nervous and hangs up.
The next morning  Libby goes.
Herb lives where she meets his girlfriend  Steffy Blondell who invites Libby.
Libby and Steffy find out.
Libby is.
Herbert Tucker awakens to see Libby.
Steffy steps out.
The two chat fills Herbert in on the family.
He left behind.
The two eventually begin arguing.
As Steffy returns  and ran out.
Herbert later finds Libby and eventually persuades her to come back to the house.
Where she would redecorate.
Steffy helps out Libby  She would meet a young man named Gordon there.
One night  Libby comes home.
M.
To tell Herbert.
He was out meeting famous people.
Putting cards  Sunset Valet Parking.
No party is too big or too small.
It says  Libby Tucker  New York  Trained Actress.
No part is too big or too small.
He tells her  later they would talk.
There is no chance.
Eventually  Libby realizes.
She is unsure if she wants to be an actress.
She decides to return home.
Libby makes a long distance phone call to mom and gets Herbert to talk to her for the first time in 16 years.
Libby goes back home.
She ends the film by saying.
She was unsure as she was sort of in a transitional period.
Libby waves goodbye.
She goes back home.
<EOS>
John Clark is a lawyer.
Who nevertheless feels that something is missing as he makes his way every day.
Each evening sees a beautiful woman staring with a lost expression through the window of a dance studio.
Haunted  John impulsively jumps off the train one night  and signs up for ballroom dancing lessons  hoping to meet her.
It seems like a mistake.
His teacher turns out to be not Paulina  but the older Miss Mitzi.
John proves to be just as clumsy Chic and Vern on the.
Even worse   she icily tells John.
When he does meet Paulina.
She hopes he has come to seriously study dance and not to look for a date.
But   John falls with dancing.
His lessons continue.
Keeping his new obsession  John feverishly trains for Chicago s biggest dance competition.
His friendship rekindles her own lost passion for dance.
But the more time  the more his wife Beverly becomes suspicious.
John spends away.
She hires a private investigator to find out.
What John is doing.
She chooses to discontinue the investigation and not invade her husband s privacy.
When she finds out the truth.
John is partnered for the competition.
His friend Link steps in to do the Latin dances.
Link and Bobbie do well.
John hears his wife and daughter  and is distracted by trying to find them.
John and Bobbie s waltz goes well.
He and Bobbie fall and are disqualified.
John and Beverly argue.
John quits dancing.
Paulina  having been inspired to take up competing again  is leaving to go to Europe  and is having a going-away party at the dance studio.
She sends John an invitation.
He s not convinced to go.
His wife leaves out a pair.
She bought him.
He goes and meets Beverly  convinces her.
While he loves dancing  he still loves her just as much  and they dance.
They go.
John and Paulina have one last dance.
She leaves.
<EOS>
The film begins.
He learns.
Their long-awaited target Raaka will be arriving secretly and that he should be caught at the site.
Joseph informs Pugazh.
Raaka will be arriving and tells him about their special operation on catching the culprit.
Joseph and his team disguise themselves and await for Raaka.
Then Pugazh carries on and succeeds in killing the culprit.
Pugazh phones and informs Joseph that their operation was a success.
Later  Pugazh leaves in a village for a wedding.
He meets Janavi  and tries to woo her.
Later Janavi falls for Pugazh.
Pugazh sends an instant message back to Inspector Joseph  saying.
His next mission was complete  which was making Janavi fall.
Joseph tells Pugazh.
It is now time to target Raaka s superior commander  J.
D.
Janavi informs her father J.
D.
Of her love with Pugazh.
J.
D.
Tells Janavi to bring Pugazh.
Pugazh meets J.
D.
And is told.
He is not worthy enough to marry his daughter.
Pugazh tells J.
D.
It was he who killed Raaka.
Pugazh is told to go to a hotel in Munich.
After a conflict  he is targeted by the pimp and his boss Shaan  who is J.
D.
S business partner.
They follow Pugazh.
Where Pugazh goes to pick up his mother  who lost her son.
Shaan then decides not to shoot Pugazh.
Pugazh s mother is none other.
Shaan holds a party.
J.
D.
Also comes to know.
Pugazh is his partner s own son.
Shaan takes Pugazh and hands him over his secret Blu-ray disc containing all the evidence of J.
D.
And his plans.
Shaan tells Pugazh.
He should retrieve the discs that J.
D.
Has hidden to take over all his business.
He marries Janavi.
Pugazh then takes his father and tells him something.
Shocks him.
They then fight.
The plane crashes  killing Shaan.
Pugazh escapes.
Pugazh meets J.
D.
And tells him.
He killed Shaan.
Pugazh also tells him.
He was not really Shaan s son and that he tricked him.
Pugazh tells J.
D.
He will bring Shaan s henchmen  pretending to kill J.
D.
And eventually kill them instead.
A happy J.
D.
Tells Pugazh to proceed.
Just then  J.
D.
Records Pugazh s conversation and sends it to Shaan s henchmen  telling them to kill Pugazh.
When Pugazh brings them.
D.
S place  Pugazh is targeted and is threatened to tell them.
Who he really is and why he killed Shaan.
Then a few bombs set get killed and Pugazh escapes.
Pugazh sends the Blu-ray disc.
He received to Inspector Joseph in India  who found Raaka alive.
Raaka injures Joseph and escapes.
Raaka then informs J.
D.
He is alive.
J.
D.
Sends his men to bring Pugazh over.
Janavi  who is not aware.
D.
Listens each other  J.
D.
Asks back from Pugazh.
Janavi finally finds out and tells Shaan s wife about Pugazh s identity.
Shaan s wife is already aware and knows.
He is not her real son.
She also tells Janavi the reason.
Why he killed Shaan and why he is.
D.
And. 
Major Saravanan was an Indian Army officer.
Who was a fellow friend.
He was told to undertake a peacekeeping mission task force.
Meanwhile  J.
D.
And Shaan   plan their means.
Who were the corrupt army cadets seeking money and willing to help them.
D.
And his corrupt army men murder Saravanan while.
J.
D.
Acts  telling the army commanders was corrupt and tried to attack them.
They killed Saravanan  whom they claim.
Helping the terrorists  only soldiers and themselves.
Abiding the final court hearing  the army takes away Saravanan s badges  uniform and titles at his funeral.
Pugazh s mother tries to stop them  claiming.
Her husband was not a betrayer.
The villagers throw out the body  claiming.
When Saravanan s body was to be cremated.
It was a sin to burn his body.
Pugazh and his mother cry could not find Saravanan s body in the blowing sand.
Pugazh s mother sits with Pugazh.
She sends Pugazh off  fearing.
The village might accuse Pugazh to be a child.
Pugazh and his mother did not see each other.
D.
Takes Pugazh to retrieve the Blu-ray disc back.
They meet Joseph.
Who is by Raaka.
When J.
D.
S henchmen get out to get the disc  Pugazh flees with J.
D.
Where his mother is.
D.
S men arrive.
They kill Inspector Joseph and hurt Pugazh.
Pugazh becomes weak  unable  and J.
D.
Buries him alive.
Pugazh s mother cries out loud to save his son.
Just then  heavy winds blow  slowly blowing the sand away.
Pugazh then jumps out.
J.
D.
Then fights an intense battle.
Now  J.
D.
Is weakened.
The villagers began to gather around them.
Pugazh tells J.
D.
To tell the villagers the truth.
J.
D.
Tells the villagers.
Major Saravanan was actually an honest man.
It was himself.
Who helped the terrorists.
Pugazh kills J.
D.
At once.
The film s credits role gives back Saravanan s army badge and uniform to Pugazh s mother.
<EOS>
Kadosh is a bleak drama.
Meir  a young Talmudic scholar  thanks God in his morning prayers for not being born a woman.
The marriage of Meir and his adoring wife  Rivka  appears.
Tender and idyllic  but as the day progresses it becomes clear that Meir is obsessed that he is childless after ten years of marriage.
Rivka s younger sister  Malka  marries Yosef  but loves Yaakov  a rock singer.
Who has abandoned the religious community.
<EOS>
A once successful American singer  Nick Cooper  relocates  leaving L.
A.
And a failed marriage  to begin work on his career comeback.
But instead  he finds himself embroiled.
His nights are haunted.
His ex-wife s ghost appears and tries to provide clues.
Is he going crazy or is something horrifyingly real going on.
<EOS>
Decades prior sponsored.
A superhero group called Team Zenith.
Its leaders were Jack Shepard  aka Captain Zoom   and his brother  Connor  aka Concussion.
Who possessed.
Who could project sonic blasts.
The military tried to increase the team s powers.
This caused Concussion to become more powerful.
It also turned him evil.
Concussion killed his teammates Marksman  Ace  and Daravia.
Concussion was believed to be killed in an explosion.
He had been sent instead.
Zoom lost his powers  and his brother.
Thirty years later  Dr Grant  the scientist  discovers.
Concussion is making his way back.
General Larraby  the military officer  decides to form a new Zenith Team to fight him.
Jack finds.
Himself dragged back as an instructor.
He is told.
A new team is needed to battle a great menace but is not told what it is.
He is also told.
If natural training does not prepare the new team  they will be exposed to.
He meets Marsha  and knows of him only through the comic book propaganda adaptations of the team s adventures.
Who is a beautiful but clumsy psychologist  a big fan.
The project holds an audition.
Of whom possess useless or disgusting powers.
Four young people are selected  Dylan West  a 17-year-old boy and has clairvoyance.
Who can turn invisible.
Summer Jones  a 16-year-old girl.
Tucker William  a 12-year-old boy.
Cindy Collins  a 6-year-old girl.
All are shown as having problems adapting to normal life because of their powers.
At first things do not go well.
Jack is bitter.
His sarcastic attitude disappoints Marsha.
Dylan keeps trying to escape  Tucker has self-esteem problems and trouble controlling his powers.
The kids are annoyed.
The team eventually forces Jack to face the fact.
He s not really putting his heart.
Slowly things begin to come together.
They adopt superhero identities.
The new team s abilities improve.
Marsha also reveals.
She secretly possesses a superpower  super breath  which appears as clouds of rainbow-colored wind.
She uses this power to aid the team.
Using a malfunctioning flying saucer stored  Jack escapes with the team  including Marsha.
He is dropped off.
Where Concussion will arrive  planning to try to talk.
Jack tells the team to stay away.
They refuse.
He refuses to listen and starts firing sonic blasts at his brother.
When Concussion arrives.
The rest takes him on.
Larraby orders  but Concussion blasts it away.
The net to be fired.
It almost lands.
This causes Jack to react and recover his speed.
He saves her.
He then runs back  puts on a new costume  and returns to battle his brother.
Working together  the team knock Concussion  Dr Grant yells to Zoom  the vortex ultimately sucks the Gamma-13 out of his body and restores his powers and personality to normal.
Zoom creates.
If he closes the vortex  they can save Concussion.
The two brothers are happily reunited.
You see  Summer is on the cheerleading team  using her telekinetic power to help build the pyramid  Tucker is the goalie on the soccer team.
Dylan is dating Summer.
Cindy is and uses her power to pull the prince up the tower.
They still work together with Zoom as the new Zenith Team.
<EOS>
All take place.
VideoHound s Golden Movie Retriever 2003  page.
Gale Group  Inc.
2004 The film contains many comical and subtle references.
<EOS>
Two friends  Balagopalan and Jayakumar  own.
A call service called We Help to help people.
Balu gets a call.
Who is the daughter.
Later  Indu asks Balagoapan to be her bodyguard.
But  they discover.
When Jayakumar and Balagopalan visit her home.
Indu has been murdered.
Officer Thomas Mathew takes charge.
Madhavan tries to find her killer to save Balagopalan and Jayakumar.
It is too late.
<EOS>
The film centres.
Who is happily married.
Jeff  due  accepts a job to write a screenplay about a real-life homicide.
Happened 35 years earlier.
A seemingly psychotic director  killed his pregnant wife and in-laws before committing suicide.
Who believed that creativity had unleashed dark forces.
Several accidents occur around him.
Jeff continues to work.
Directly mirror events.
Jeff begins to think.
His writing has the power to affect reality  and must question whether finishing the script will bring.
<EOS>
Tae-suk is a loner.
Who drives around  taping takeout menus over the keyholes of front doors and breaking into apartments where the menus have not been removed.
He lives.
The owners are away  even washing their clothes and mending broken appliances.
He is unaware.
When he breaks.
He is being watched.
Tae-suk leaves.
He makes eye contact  but returns after silently contemplating on the roadside.
He witnesses Sunwha s husband abusing her and proceeds to catch his attention.
He hits Sunwha s husband and then leaves with.
The couple begin a silent relationship  moving to another.
After drinking  they are caught by the returning owners  sleeping in their bed and wearing their pajamas.
The couple gets.
When they break.
They assume.
When the man s son and daughter-in-law arrive.
Tae-suk and Sun-hwa killed him.
They are interrogated but remain steadfastly silent  Sun-hwa s husband arrives and takes her back home.
He died.
Was shown.
Tae-suk ends up attacking the police officer and is sent.
Where he practices golf and develops his gifts for stealth and concealment.
Tae-suk rejoins Sun-hwa in her house.
Sun-hwa appears to say I love you  but reaches out for.
Tae Suks skills involve staying out.
He does this.
He stays  moving as he turns and grabbing food from the dinner table and kissing Sun Hwa over her husband s shoulder as he leaves on another business trip.
Sun Hwa and he embrace  kissing deeply.
He leaves.
<EOS>
Two friends  Manoj  a bartender  and Stanley  a fruit vendor  wish to immigrate to seek their fortune  but have difficulties getting their visa applications approved.
They come to a handball tournament in Bavaria  and not even knowing.
What the game is  they submit themselves and a group.
They begin minimal training and then seek travel visas from the German Embassy.
Manoj leaves the group.
The rest fly.
Their plans to simply escape upon arrival in Germany are thwarted by the quick appearance of the tournament organizers and an arena of fans eager to see the powers of the Sri Lanka National Handball Team.
The team finally shoots a goal.
Makes them overjoyed.
The next morning  the police arrives and ransacks the hotel  but could not find any trace.
Later  it is shown.
Each member goes to various different countries in Europe.
<EOS>
New York Minute follows 17 year old identical twin sisters.
Roxanne Roxy Ryan and Jane Ryan spent in New York.
Uptight Jane has a speech scheduled.
Less conventional Roxy hopes to get backstage and give her demo tape to Simple Plan  her favorite band.
Jane and Roxy s plans go wrong.
When a mix-up lands them.
The girls are chased to Times Square to Harlem by assassins  politicians and a truancy officer.
Romantic interest comes.
<EOS>
Paul is a High School football hero  the quarter back  named best looking  and the Valedictorian.
Paul however   has felt.
Something is sexually wrong.
He begins to think.
Paul dates girls  upon going to the University of California  Berkeley.
He might be a transgender woman.
He dates both men and women.
He finally transitions into a female  through gender reassignment surgery  and becomes Kimberly Reed  a lesbian.
Paul s younger brother Todd also announces something.
Kimberly Reed becomes a film maker and returns home to Montana and to reconcile her relationship with her adopted brother Marc.
She discovers many revelations.
The intense sibling rivalry and unforeseeable twists of plot and gender forces them to face serious challenges.
Kimberly Reed appeared  on February 11  2010  to discuss her life and movie  along with her mother.
Marc McKerrow s biological mother  Rebecca Welles  secretly gave birth on March 31 .
When she was.
Orson Welles never knew.
Rita Hayworth also probably did not know.
He was.
When Marc was.
Resulted. 
This injury lead him to be mentally incapacitated  and require medical treatment to control violent outbursts.
Rebecca Welles died in.
It was only.
38-year-old Marc discovered his true lineage.
Marc McKerrow died suddenly only four months after his sibling s appearance on Oprah.
His death was  caused from a nocturnal seizure related to his car accident.
<EOS>
Trouble the Water explores issues to its citizens  issues.
Continue to haunt America.
After the levees failed.
<EOS>
The movie revolves.
Who arrives after a raid by government soldiers  only to find his whole village destroyed.
Hung Hei-Kwun quickly finds his infant son and gives him a choice and joining him in the rebellion.
He is encountered by Ma Ling-Yee and their village for the bounty on Hei-Kwun s head.
Who is also supposed to be involved but learns that Ling-Yee had betrayed him.
We skip ahead several years  and arrive with Hung Hei-Kwun and his now martial arts skilled son making their way through China.
Order to find money.
The film introduces Red Bean.
Who is.
Kwun tries to leave his son  but is betrayed  forcing him to kill his brother.
The government has begun to crack down on Shaolin.
Pieces are tattooed onto the backs of several pupils.
Who are then removed to keep safe the Ming Dynasty treasure the map leads to.
Unfortunately years ago Hung Hei-Kwun s encounter did not end.
Hung thought it did.
Ma Ling-Yee survived the fight.
Now a disgusting creature  he is a swindling rich man is the father of the pupils.
The map tattooed  unfortunately.
His son is a shaolin pupil.
This leads.
<EOS>
The story is set  during the Pogrom of September.
Behcet is the only son.
Whom the government and the bureaucracy take a close interest due.
He falls as a result of his upbringing and the influential role model of his father.
He is working in Istanbul.
The only thing is Elena  a woman.
Causes Behcet to stumble.
He secretly observes.
She is a Greek prostitute.
Who has been exploited after her mother had left them.
Elena is aware.
She is being observed and falls in love with him.
They get close.
Does not please Behcet s father and his political party.
The death and the role force Behcet to reconsider his political belonging.
His father plays.
Behcet finds Elena alive.
He takes her and remembers the words.
She said while lying.
<EOS>
Marie  a student  works and plays basketball for a local team  she claims to be a virgin and maintains a chaste relationship with her boyfriend Joseph  a taxi cab driver.
Who is a dropout.
She is.
When a passing stranger named Uncle Gabriel informs Marie that she will become pregnant  and give birth to the son of God.
Joseph  however  can not believe and a virgin.
She is pregnant.
Gabriel must school Joseph to accept Mary s pregnancy.
Mary comes through meditations that are sometimes angry and usually punctuated by elemental images of the sun  moon  clouds  flowers  and water.
Godard intercuts a brief parallel story   their adulterous affair is rife with philosophical discussions.
Who talks having been programmed by a prior intelligence.
Joseph s anger subsides.
The expectant couple marries.
Mary teaches Joseph to love her  revering her without touching her.
They are wed.
Joseph eventually swears to keep his hands and to act as her shadow   But is nt that.
Which she responds.
What all men are  the shadow.
Meanwhile Marie explores her sexuality  seeking to link her individual body and spirit.
<EOS>
A patient being psychoanalyzed is a government scientist.
Who evidently has had a mental breakdown.
General Pratt  a national security chief  hides the patient  Arthur Vicenti.
Whenever he is taken there.
Enemy agents want to know  so he is.
What Vicenti knows.
The patient s sister  beautiful Vicky Vicenti  mistakenly believes.
Dr Snow is the one who abducted him.
Snow tells both the authorities and the press.
When she has the doctor arrested.
He and Vicky are actually having a lovers  quarrel and are engaged to be married.
A man named.
Fitzpatrick turns up and claims that it is actually General Pratt himself who is the enemy agent.
Unable to find the general  Dr Snow tries to recreate sounds.
He heard while blindfolded to trace his way back.
He does so  only to find.
Fitzpatrick has taken both Vicenti and Pratt captive.
But soldiers arrive under arrest  leaving Vicky to consider.
Whether she would like her make-believe engagement to be real.
<EOS>
Katrin Koerber  the daughter of an Austrian medical professor  fights loneliness and dreams of a more exciting life outside Austria.
Consequently   she agrees.
When Dr Walter Fane  a British bacteriologist  asks her to marry him and move.
Though she is not.
Katrin becomes the romantic target  the unhappily married attache to the British embassy.
Jack flirts and kisses her.
Showing her the city s exotic sights.
Katrin  unnerved  retreats to her house  but soon rejoins him to observe local dancers performing at a Buddhist festival.
Stimulated  Jack confesses his love to Katrin.
Katrin admits.
She is not.
Katrin then treats Walter coolly and reveals.
His chronic lateness and fatigue annoy her.
To make amends  Walter comes home early the next day  but discovers Katrin s bedroom door locked and Jack s hat.
That evening  Walter confronts Katrin.
She admits.
She loves Jack.
Distraught  Walter tells Katrin.
He will grant her a divorce only if Jack promises.
He tells her.
When Katrin presents Walter s conditions.
A divorce would ruin both his career and his reputation and backs out.
Heartbroken  Katrin reluctantly accompanies Walter.
Where a cholera epidemic is raging.
Katrin grows more and more despondent and lonely.
Walter struggles to arrest the epidemic.
Eventually  Walter s inundation causes him to see his animus toward Katrin as insignificant.
He tells her.
He still loves her and will end her suffering.
He prepares to leave.
She replies.
Although she is still conflicted  she nonetheless now understands what a good man Walter is and that she s ashamed of having cuckolded him.
Jack realizes his genuine love and leaves Hong Kong for the inland.
Walter has left.
Walter returns after ordering it to be burned to combat the spread of the disease.
He is overjoyed to find.
Katrin has remained to help young cholera victims  rather than returning to Hong Kong.
Walter is stabbed.
Katrin rushes to be.
Katrin is confronted  but tells him.
Waiting to see her husband.
She now loves only Walter and at last understands the sacrifices he makes.
Katrin assures the wounded Walter.
She at last has fallen with him.
<EOS>
Graham  an unhappily married surveyor  goes.
Where he falls with a Maori woman.
She becomes pregnant and died.
Graham puts his daughter.
Who later kills Graham.
However his daughter inherits his property and falls with a jackeroo called Jim.
<EOS>
A woman dancing provocatively is abruptly hit in the face by Hubert Florentini  a commisaire of the French Police.
Florentini drags her out  assaulting other patrons.
Who come too close to free the captive woman or attempt to hinder his exit.
Unfortunately  one includes the chief s son.
Hubert Florentini is chastised.
He uses to accomplish his goals and is put.
He met 19 years prior.
He is summoned to Japan by her lawyer  Hishibachi for the reading of her will.
Hishibashi informs Florentini  a fiery  adorable and eccentric Japanese/French teenage girl.
He has inherited the guardianship.
Whom he has custody until she reaches.
Yumi   hates her unknown father.
Who was led to believe she was the result.
Hubert realizes  but does nt tell her.
Yumi is his daughter.
She would probably flee.
Florentini uncovers evidence.
Miko was the victim.
He discovers.
Miko had stolen a small fortune.
Florentini summons the help.
He helps Florentini into Miko s death and in guarding Yumi from the Yakuza by supplying him with two metal suitcases of weapons.
The Yakuza try to attack Yumi.
Florentini   kills all.
Who has been observing their positions.
Later  Yumi discovers.
Florentini is her father as she is captured.
He uses golf balls to knock out his would-be executioners and knock out the rest.
They take her away and prepare to execute Florentini.
Florentini and Momo free Yumi from her kidnappers.
When they attempt to withdraw money by replacing the bank s staff and customers with their own men.
A gunfight breaks out.
All are killed by Florentini single-handedly without any casualties to the good guys.
Florentini takes a flight back to France  having promised Yumi.
He would be back.
But  a group enter the cabin with two familiar metal suitcases in hand  asking for their owner.
Before the plane takes off.
<EOS>
The 19th century patriarch is a tavern owner.
Who distills and makes his own popular liquor.
The liquor  called Taste of Sunshine  is commercially made by the next generation of the family.
Who gain great wealth and prestige.
That generation lives many happy and privileged years.
The children are highly educated.
The oldest son  Ignatz  a fast rising judge  falls and has an affair with his first cousin  Valerie  against his father s wishes.
The second son  Gustave  becomes a medical doctor.
Ignatz is asked to change his Jewish surname.
He wishes to be promoted.
Ignatz  his brother  and his cousin Valerie all happily change their last name - a more Hungarian name.
Ignatz and Valerie marry and give birth.
Ignatz struggles.
He struggles.
Order to rise.
Ignatz curses his communistic brother.
World War I breaks out.
Both brothers continue rise.
Both the Emperor and Ignatz s father die around the same time  taking a great toll.
The liberal monarchy collapses  causing Ignatz to lose his judicial position.
The war is over.
Gustave rises.
Compounding Ignatz s conflicts  Valerie announces.
She plans.
Ignatz rapes Valerie.
Gustave offers Ignatz a position.
Ignatz refuses to be a part.
Ignatz and his family are put.
Valerie returns to be with her imprisoned family.
Soon thereafter  foreign militaries intervene to overthrow the communist government.
The new regime asks Ignatz to oversee trials against the communists.
He declines and is forced to retire.
His health deteriorates rapidly.
He dies  still regularly fighting.
The story turns  Ignatz  younger son  Adam Sors  is talented at fencing at the Jewish run Civic Club.
Adam must convert.
Order to compete.
No Jews are allowed.
Adam converts and hides his Judaism further.
His father did.
Adam is obsessed.
Who was already engaged.
He struggles in the face of constant religious prejudice.
Adam wins the national fencing championship.
Adam and Hannah have a son  Ivan Sors.
Adam is offered half a million dollars to rejoin his old Civic Club team.
Adam refuses  not wanting to give up his chance  not wanting to lose his association with the Christian upper class gentlemen.
Not wanting to be associated publicly.
He responds by stressing.
Fencing requires the common work.
Achievement can not be gained from individual effort.
The irony is  In order for him to be a part of a winning team  he must disassociate from the Jewish teams from generations of his family.
What is unsaid.
Adam expresses.
Who are all the same.
Adam  a Jew  soon thereafter is reminded and are looking for the first opportunity to harm him.
Other non-Jewish military members still consider him a Jew.
He is a Jew.
Adam wins the decisive Olympic fencing match in Nazi Germany  giving Hungary an Olympic gold medal and giving his military officer teammates and his countrymen great pride in their national treasure and national hero.
He is offered the chance to move to the USA  to join a U.
S.
Team. 
He declines  again preferring to be esteemed.
He is warned.
Hungary is.
He and his family should leave the country.
It is too late.
Adam chooses to stay.
Adam has an affair.
Adam wishes to keep up appearances and his reputation  so he keeps the affair secret.
New Hungarian laws are passed.
The Sors family feels shielded.
Other characteristics are allowed exceptions  allowing them to not be legally defined.
This initially prevents them.
However  Adam is soon expelled.
Greta begs Adam to move.
Adam decides to stay.
Greta then implores her entire family to leave Hungary.
Order to save their children.
The family decides to stay  wanting to maintain their existing wealth and standing  fearful.
Other places will not be substantially better.
Too late  the family is finally persuaded  but quotas are filled  borders are closed.
They are not allowed to leave Hungary.
Adam s former military commander  General Jakofalvy   realizes.
Who is not.
Sors  family is likely doomed.
He apologizes  saying  Sors  there s something.
I once said.
` assimilation was the right choice.
I d like to ask your forgiveness.
I was profoundly wrong.
Hannah  Adam s wife  likely knowing  and knowing her marriage  asks Adam.
Him creates one more Jewish association.
He still wants to be married.
Adam honorably and honestly says  Yes  yes.
Germany occupies Hungary and Adam s wife and mother are immediately moved.
Hannah is killed sometime.
Valerie  Adam s mother  escapes and hides.
Adam and his son Ivan are sent.
Adam is called out by a camp guard because of Adam s proud demeanor and defiance  declaring.
He is a Hungarian military officer and Hungarian Olympic champion.
The guards make an example out  stripping him naked in the snow  tying him upside down to a log  breaking his bones  and demanding and instead cower.
He denounce his declarations.
He is a Jew.
They hose water.
He dies  frozen.
Including his son Ivan  sit idle watching him slowly tortured to death.
Greta  Istvan  and their son are dragged and shot on the banks of the Danube river.
Valerie  and their long-time family servant  return separately.
Gustave Sors  Valerie s long separated brother  returns home to support the new Hungarian pro-Stalin communist government.
Ivan also returns home  letting Valerie know her younger son.
Adam was murdered because Adam would nt admit he was a Jew.
Ivan is ashamed.
He hid the fact he was Adam s son.
He watched his father beaten.
Ivan gets a job as a policeman  gathering up members of the previous fascist Hungarian political regime for prosecution.
He hypocritically prosecutes others.
Who   stood by and did nothing as others were persecuted.
Ivan asks his interrogatees to write down names  trying to create an appearance of finding more government opposition members.
Ivan rises quickly.
He has a sexual affair.
Carole Kovacs  the wife.
Fears and suspicions grow quickly  Jews are feared to be inciting conspiracies against the government.
Ivan is enlisted to hunt and indict Jews.
Andor Knorr  a lifelong communist  is accused of being a leader of a Zionist conspiracy.
Ivan harshly interrogates Knorr  seeking a confession  knowing.
If he can not obtain a false confession  then interrogation will likely be redirected.
Knorr will not confess and is tortured.
Maj.
Carole Kovacs  fearing reprisals  leaves him.
Ironically  Ivan is asked to speak.
Where he shares a quote passed down  We are afraid to see clearly.
The communist regime is challenged.
Ivan has left the police force and is a leader.
Ivan is arrested.
The rebellion fails.
He is interrogated.
He interrogated Knorr and is imprisoned.
He returns to live with his grandmother Valerie.
She tells him  Politics has made a mess.
Still  life was beautiful.
I ve enjoyed waking every morning.
I ve always tried.
What s beautiful.
It has nt always been easy.
She has a heart attack and dies soon thereafter.
Still looking.
The recipe book is never found.
Ivan finally moves out.
The cloth bound recipe book is disposed.
Ivan changes his name from Sors back to Sonnenschein.
<EOS>
Hud Bannon is an ambitious  brash  callous and self-centered man.
Whose life fits him.
He has few interests other.
His life is limited.
None have rubbed off on Hud  he s the spoiled youngest son and baby-brother of Homer s eldest son  Norman.
His elderly rancher-father Homer is a deeply principled man.
Also living is Hud s teenage nephew Lonnie.
Lonnie s late father was Hud s elder brother  Norman.
Who died as a result of Hud s recklessness.
Hud wrongly believes.
His brother s death is the primary cause.
The age difference makes Hud much nearer in age to his nephew Lonnie.
He would otherwise be.
Lonnie is continuously seeking ways to develop a post-childhood brotherly relationship with Hud  looking toward establishing as a young man the kind of personal bonds.
Can exist.
Indeed   Hud does begin to open up to his nephew.
But. 
Will later be revealed.
Hud  comes to recognize Lonnie s desire for an emotional attachment to him  and tries to use this attraction to gain Lonnie s support in his moves against Homer.
The central challenge.
The Bannons have to confront.
Homer has probably permanently destroyed the ranch s operational and financial viability.
He buys some cheap Mexican cattle.
Are infected with foot-and-mouth disease.
He failed to quarantine these animals.
They had been bought.
Homer only calls  without obvious cause.
Some have simply dropped dead.
Homer alone decided to take and merely wanted Hud to share standing watch over the dead carcasses in shifts.
The state veterinarian arrived to formally test them.
Hud   recommends.
Who suspects what the problem might be when Homer tells him the origin.
They quickly sell them before word gets out.
But Homer  ignoring both Hud s suggestion and the financial consequences  does not alter his decision.
He calls.
The vet immediately issues a legally binding order.
The Bannon ranch be quarantined.
Thus  no livestock movement is possible.
The vet orders the entire herd be destroyed and buried  to quarantine the infection there and to keep it from spreading.
The test results come back.
Homer complies.
This will probably bankrupt the Bannons.
Hud is angry  he attempts to have Homer declared legally incompetent.
His inheritance has been eroded.
That he can usurp control.
Hud takes Lonnie out for a night on the town.
They get drunk and triumph.
Afterwards  back  Hud begins to reflect on old times.
When he and Lonnie s father used to do the same thing.
He briefly lets down his guard toward his brother  Norman s untimely death  and his father s coldness towards him.
Homer confronts Hud  he accuses his son.
They come.
Most angering of all is that fact.
He clearly sees the cunning  ulterior motive in his show of personal attention and feigned affection toward Lonnie  in that Hud is trying to use this attraction to gain Lonnie s support in his moves against Homer.
A huge blowup  Hud accuses Homer of hypocrisy  quoting Scripture and nursing a hatred for him over Norman s death.
He wrote it himself.
Homer reveals  I took that hard.
His disappointment runs deeper and long predated the fatal wreck.
I buried it.
Hud says  My mama loved me.
Then she died.
Lonnie and Hud are both attracted  yet Hud is crude and insulting to her.
Lonnie is protective.
Alma keeps her distance.
Hud s attraction is somewhat mutual.
She has already been like Hud.
Hud forces himself upon Alma.
Lonnie comes.
She promptly flees the ranch  disgusted and demoralized.
Hud happens.
Lonnie drops her off.
She is waiting.
He apologizes to her.
Driving back  Lonnie spots his grandfather at the roadside.
Homer has fallen during a survey of the Bannon ranch.
Hud pulls up.
Both try to help Homer  but he does not survive.
Homer accuses Hud of being eager.
Him to die.
He is repelled  Lonnie now sees Hud for.
Lonnie initially idealized Hud and liveliness.
What he is.
Lonnie leaves the ranch  not sure.
He will ever return.
Lonnie tells Hud to put his half in the bank  then walks off.
Hud feels the emptiness of his life.
He has created.
But  he dismisses Lonnie s departure with a deprecating wave and a smile of indifference.
Hud goes back alone  the final fade-out shows the window shade s pull-ring  swaying to and fro.
<EOS>
The movie revolves round the incidents.
When Indira  a Naxal activist is out.
She is serving life sentence after being charged for the murder of Avarachan  a landlord.
Who she had witnessed kill a young tribal woman after she was raped and impregnated.
Indira s mother  a past freedom fighter  is relieved to see her  and is.
Who is.
She is free now.
Her younger sister Savithri  her husband Prabhakaran and her nephew are happy to have her back home.
But her younger brother  Ravi  an unemployed guy  addicted is angered by her mere presence  blaming her for his inability to secure a good job.
Indira s older brother refuses to even talk  and leaves after a big brouhaha  leaving his nephew to do the rites.
Who is home to perform the death rites of her mother.
Most are intimidated by her  except her old classmate Sharadha.
Sharadha had married her college sweetheart  Rajan and lives close.
Rasheed  a freelance journalist  Mohanlal  tries to get an interview  she declines initially and is annoyed by his persistence.
Indira feels unwanted  and ends up having no place to live.
The days pass on.
Savithri suspects an affair  making it hard for Indira to stay with them.
Sharadha s husband had changed a lot  had degraded into a womanizer.
Indira ca nt stay either.
Ultimately Indira  asks Rasheed for help her out and ends up staying.
Indira and Rasheed get closer  and a lovely relationship blossoms between the two.
Rasheed   succeeds in getting the government remission order in time.
Indira is nearing the completion.
That Indira no longer has to go back.
Savithri and Ravi reconcile with Indira  and are overjoyed to hear about her release.
Indira rushes.
There she is shocked to see Sharadha s servant girl  being.
True  Indira ends up shooting Rajan with his hunting rifle and ultimately surrenders herself at the police station.
<EOS>
Doggy Poo meets various living and inanimate things.
No one wants to be his friend.
Doggy Poo becomes sad.
He believes he is worthless and has no purpose.
Eventually  a plant grows out and tells Doggy Poo.
She needs him so she can grow.
Doggy Poo discovers his life purpose.
He becomes absorbed.
Doggy Poo lives a happy life.
<EOS>
Budding musician Borko Pavic is disappointed to find out.
The majority prefer to dance kolo to folkish harmonica sounds rather than listening to him play his acoustic guitar.
Heartbroken and depressed he confides.
He read that the young people make the devil appear by playing the music backwards who then makes them rich and famous.
He decides to test the theory and suddenly the devil and angel.
Andjeli movies materialize and grant him his wishes.
He thus becomes the mega popular rock n roll superstar Dorijan.
Cut to 30 + years later Dorijan is still a debauched  coke-snorting  and alcoholic superstar.
That he s now playing turbo folk.
He lives.
His best friend is his business manager.
Dorijan is unhappy about having to resort to playing a musical style.
He hates in order to have all that.
<EOS>
Clean Pastures opens.
Where African American caricatures gamble  drink  and dance.
A black Saint Peter reads the headline  Pair-O-Dice Preferred Hits New Low As Hades Inc.
Soars.
The angel rings an angelic Stepin Fetchit.
Pair O Dice Needs You.
Probably a reference as Gabriel in The Green Pastures -- that reads.
Nevertheless  the denizens continue with their iniquity.
Angels  caricatures.
Louis Armstrong  Cab Calloway  Fats Waller  and Jimmie Lunceford  tell Saint Peter that to get people.
The musicians go and break into a performance of Swing for Sale  and the Harlemites flock to listen.
The film s climax takes.
The band makes its way.
People follow them.
Goldmark.
The newcomers receive their halos.
Himself asks to be admitted.
Clean Pastures is a musical film.
Means that it shifts.
Goldmark.
Carl Stalling s musical score makes use and songs owned by Warner Bros.
Stalling s music supplies both the foundation.
Music is.
Characters dance about even when no performers are pictured.
A choir opens the cartoon with Save Me  Sister  from Temptation  a song from the 1936 Warner Bros.
Film The Singing Kid featuring Al Jolson.
Thus  Stalling establishes one.
Sinners may be redeemed.
The jazz standards Nagasaki and Sweet Georgia Brown accompany the bevy.
The scene shifts.
Caricatures perform.
I Love.
However  the short s major number is Swing.
The short ends.
Bland s minstrel spiritual Oh.
<EOS>
A woman enlists her neighbor and his best friend.
Who gets swindled.
<EOS>
Three teenagers vacationing drive through a town.
Where the space station Skylab crashed several years earlier  bringing alien oganisms that transform their human hosts into flesh-eating monsters.
<EOS>
The Hardy family goes   Marian falls in love with a married.
Where Judge Hardy tries to catch a swordfish.
Andy goes around.
They return home to find.
Judge Hardy has lost all their property to Hoyt Wells.
Luckily.
Judge Hardy learned with Capt.
Swenson  their home is saved.
Hoyt Wells is run out.
<EOS>
A Royal Navy cruiser returns to base to find all leave has been cancelled.
They are to start out.
They are sent to meet a convoy and escort them safely.
One stubborn merchant ship captain.
Refuses to join the convoy and is attacked.
<EOS>
The hero  starring as Veerraju.
Who s saving money so that he can go.
He almost loses his life trying to save a girl thereby making new enemies.
He is attracted to Preeti.
An air hostess and falls.
Veerraju s mission is to kill a big shot named Vishnu.
He asks him.
He kills him.
He remembers Narsipatnam and Dhanalaxmi.
The backstory tells.
What happened and who Dhanalaxmi is.
Veerraju do.
The present story will tell what will.
When he needs to kill the other goons relating.
<EOS>
An old man named.
Archie Anthony Quinn hires seven servants to get connected to him by plugging up his body openings until his last breath.
The servants stay connected.
They eat  sleep  and even go and fight thieves together.
They overcome many difficulties.
Finally  an opera singer arrives to plug up his final facial opening and take the last breath away.
Archie dies.
He has the people.
<EOS>
The evil Lord Licorice starts to take over Candy Land  assisted  changing it from a brightly colored happy kingdom to a somber  drab-hued place.
Gingerbread boy Jib is traveling the Rainbow Road.
He enlists his friends.
Mister Mint and Princess Frostine to save Candy Land.
Together they outwit Lord Licorice and restore Candy Land to its colorful self.
<EOS>
Morton Schmidt and Greg Jenko are former classmates.
Who meet again.
Schmidt  obsessed was a chubby nerd.
Jenko was an underachieving jock.
They end up becoming best friends.
They help  with Schmidt helping Jenko study and Jenko motivating Schmidt through physical activity.
They graduate together  but are assigned to park patrol.
They catch a break.
When they spot a group and arrest their leader Domingo.
However  the department is forced to release him.
Jenko forgot the wording.
The two are reassigned.
They are introduced.
Who explains the division specializes and that they were chosen because of their youthful appearances.
Schmidt and Jenko are assigned to stop a new synthetic drug.
They go undercover  living at Schmidt s parents  house.
Jenko accidentally switches their identities.
They get each others  classes.
They learn.
The lead dealer is the popular Eric.
He is not the supplier.
They go.
Where Eric forces them to take the drug there and not wait.
They attempt to regurgitate it but are unsuccessful.
They undergo the phases while talking to their P.
E.
Teacher  Mr Walters  and also.
The mistakes meet cause Eric to take a liking.
Happen. 
Schmidt manages to fit in and takes a romantic interest in Eric s friend Molly.
Jenko becomes friends.
Griggs takes a sexual interest.
Jenko discovers.
His new friends secretly tap to listen into their conversations.
Schmidt decides to throw a party.
Jenko takes the opportunity to tap.
They nevertheless buy alcohol and steal confiscated marijuana.
Jenko steals Eric s phone.
When Eric arrives.
Schmidt fights off a rival.
Schmidt pretends to sell the drug but is actually giving it to Captain Dickson to be confiscated.
Schmidt asks Molly out to prom.
Jenko listens.
He also insults Jenko with Jenko listening.
Schmidt and Jenko learn.
Eric is making a deal soon.
He takes Schmidt to follow him.
When Jenko spots Eric leaving school.
They see.
Eric is dealing.
They follow them  but are forced to run away.
When Domingo spots them.
Back  Jenko accuses Schmidt of his earlier insults  possibly ruining the case  and getting in too deep.
Schmidt brushes him off.
Jenko and Schmidt get.
Results. 
Later that night  both are confronted.
Who want to bring them after hearing about what happened with the One Percenters.
He tells them.
Where they get to meet the supplier.
They are surprised to see.
The supplier is Mr Walters.
The One Percenters arrive.
Domingo recognizes Schmidt and Jenko  and tells two of his men to kill them.
However  the two men reveal themselves.
Who were a part when it began.
Hanson casually talks during the standoff.
Gives Domingo the opportunity to kill Hanson and Penhall.
A gunfight ensues.
Mr Walters and Eric escape as a hostage  with the One Percenters in pursuit of them in another limo.
Schmidt and Jenko pursue all in another limo.
Where Jenko creates a homemade chemical bomb to kill the One Percenters.
They then confront Mr Walters.
Who shoots.
Jenko jumps  saving his life and getting shot in the arm and his chest   in the process.
Was protected.
Schmidt shoots Mr Walters in the groin  severing his penis.
The duo successfully arrest him and Eric and make amends.
Schmidt makes amends and the two share a kiss.
They are rehired.
Where Dickson gives them a new assignment  to Schmidt s excitement but to Jenko s dismay.
<EOS>
The film starts.
The MLA sends a false evidence.
But Aadhi sends Dheena.
Who is actually his adopted brother to attack the false evidence.
Later some people complain.
The MLA had removed the breakwire.
Aadhi asks Dheena and his henchmen to cut the hands and his men especially the right hand.
Dheena completes his task.
Meanwhile Dheena falls with a girl named Chitra.
Who initially mistakes him to be a bus conductor and later a vegetable seller.
One day one spots Chitra and her cousin in the plaza and reports to Dheena.
Dheena pretends to meet her and pays their bill using the plaza manager s money.
One day Chitra calls Dheena s home landline number posing and comes to know about Dheena s tricks.
Meanwhile Dheena comes to know and thrashes him.
Someone has teased his sister Shanthi.
One day stays calm.
When Dheena meets Chitra they are ridiculed.
He thinks that girls hate people who are violent.
The next day should have beaten the rowdies.
He meets Chitra and tells him he.
She likes violence.
The rowdies come.
Dheena thrashes them and informs Chitra.
He is a local goon.
Later she comes to know.
Dheena has love.
She did.
Meanwhile the same person beats him up and comes to know.
Who teased Shanthi gave a love letter.
The persons sister was Chitra.
Chitra tells him.
They both love each other.
Dheena agrees to help them.
Shanthi accepts this.
Afraid to tell.
Finding the difficulty  Shanthi elopes with her lover and Aadhi s men chase.
Them in which they get.
Shanthi tells Dheena to protect her lover s family from Aadhi.
Dheena promises.
She dies.
Aadhi  enraged asks Dheena to kill the family of the boy responsible for Shanthi s death.
But Dheena refuses and tells.
Shanthi was.
But Aadhi could not believe this and misunderstands.
Dheena was refusing since he loved the boy s sister Chitra.
Aadhi swears and declares he his not his brother anymore.
He will kill Dheena also.
Dheena moves s flat to protect her family.
Her brother does not believe him.
Aadhi kills one in jail.
Dheena stays.
Who believe.
One time Aadhi sends his men to kill Chitra s family but Dheena stops them.
He gets badly wounded.
Chitra s family starts believing Dheena.
Their love develops.
Later Aadhi gets released and orders.
His men to kill Dheena and Chitra s family.
The MLA wants to kill.
Who was his enemy.
Dheena but Aadhi asks him to stay away due.
The MLA creates confusion.
Dheena finds this and goes to warn Aadhi but is unaware.
One had stabbed Chitra.
Meanwhile Aadhi comes to know from her college friends.
Aadhi and Dheena join forces and stop the confusion.
Knowing  Aadhi goes to kill him but Dheena stops him.
The MLA was responsible.
If he kills him another person would avenge.
This chain could continue and asks him to leave violence.
The End is shown.
Where Chitra wakes to see Dheena and Aadhi.
Aadhi finally declares Dheena to be his brother hereafter.
<EOS>
The film follows Will Bastion.
He returns home to bury his father.
<EOS>
A successful escort describes.
The story remains the same.
Who goes.
Whom he s with.
Who challenges him to find his heart before he will consent.
The movie s differences include Andrew s character and the location of the story in Seattle  Washington instead of Chicago  Illinois.
<EOS>
It contains interviews up.
Are. 
The DVD was released on July 3 .
First were released at Anime Expo.
It took three years to complete  to release  Each episode is introduced by the animated character Mr Mic.
Was designed specifically.
<EOS>
The protagonist Preetam   spots a pretty girl  Nandini.
He inadvertently falls.
Staring. 
Nandini rescues him.
She had just bought.
The process loses her heart-shaped watch.
Preetam confronts a man named Jaanu.
Accompanying his mother.
Jaanu   beats up Preetam thinking.
Who has been following Nandini.
He is.
Preetam  unaware  trashes Jaanu and his gang.
Jaanu has vowed not to allow any one.
Preetam meets Nandini unexpectedly.
He identifies himself and expresses his love and offers to tie the watch as an indication for their marriage.
Nandini  rejects his request.
Who is already engaged.
Still  Preetam vows to marry Nandini.
She meets him again.
Preetam discovers that his host in Madikeri  Col.
Subbayya is Nandini s father.
Who is pretty much deaf.
Nandini s marriage is a just a week away.
Dejected  Preetam throws Nandini s heart-shaped watch away.
But Nandini calls him and taunts him to return.
Delighted  Preetam goes and brings it back.
He spots a rabbit.
Searching it.
He calls Devadas  and brings it along.
Preetam takes Nandini.
Nandini s friends are due to arrive.
The train is delayed by five hours  so Nandini and Preetam decide to visit a nearby.
Preetam and Nandini are caught.
Returning. 
An old couple offers Preetam and Nandini to take shelter.
Preetam   grabs a couple of toddy bottles  goes out in rain and starts drinking.
However   he is and tells Nandini.
When Nandini walks  offering an umbrella.
He d better stay away to remain a decent boy  rather than to propose to or elope away with her.
Nandini is now with Preetam and is in a dilemma.
Her wedding is due.
Nandini requests him to take her and expresses her love towards Preetam  standing at the edge of the waterfall.
Preetam  intent  takes her father  Subbayya for a morning jog to discuss his marriage with Nandini.
But Subbayya a heart patient  tells Preetham.
His only aim is to get Nandini married off to Gautam.
Preetam drives away from the house without taking Devadas.
He then starts drinking the whole night.
He finds Gautam  asking the bar-owner to Subbayya s home.
Preetam saves.
When Jaanu tries to kill Gautam.
And convinces Jaanu that only Gautam is the best person to marry Nandini.
Next day  he drops Gautam.
He then declines to attend Gautam s marriage.
Gautam asks.
Preetham does not agree to give it.
Preetam then leaves.
Meanwhile  day everyone is searching for Preetam.
He is nowhere to be found.
His mother is the only one.
Who know the truth  and is worried of his whereabouts  but does not show her worry.
Resignedly  Preetam watches the arch proclaiming Gautham weds Nandini.
He spots Devadas and takes it.
He is leaving.
He drives  all the while expressing his disappointment to Devadas.
Later he comes to know.
Devadas is dead.
<EOS>
Derrick  a corporate lawyer  and Zane  a criminal  live in opposite social spheres.
Their lives are more connected.
They never meet.
Either one could ever imagine.
<EOS>
Ita Yuyu - Dewflower - is a ` mixteca  girl.
Who lives  in South Mexico.
She experiences every day.
This indigenous young woman has spent five years trying to watch a videotape.
Where her parents  who died  appeared for the last time.
Watching videotapes is not easy.
So she tries  once again  to watch the video.
When some reporters visit the place.
Such a goal will change her whole life forever.
She will finally go away.
The story is it involves.
Poverty  inexistent healthcare  lack are some of the issues.
Ita Yuyu has to deal.
<EOS>
Bobbi Anderson  a Western fiction writer  and her boyfriend  Jim Gard Gardner  a poet  live on the outskirts of Haven  Maine.
Anderson suffers.
Gardner is a recovering alcoholic.
Who currently is nt writing.
One day  they stumble.
They begin excavating the object and discover a series.
Are made.
There are several other town inhabitants.
Postal worker Joe Paulson is cheating with his co-worker  Nancy Voss.
Most people dislike Voss for her adulterous ways.
Only Paulson seems unaware.
Bryant Brown and his wife  Marie  run a local diner.
Marie s father  Ev Hillman  lives and helps care for the couple s sons  10-year-old Hillman Hilly and seven-year-old Davey.
Sheriff Ruth Merrill watches.
She is also an avid doll collector.
Trooper Butch Duggan is Merrill s liaison  and shows little respect for the small-town sheriff.
The local townspeople begin to undergo subtle changes.
Anderson and Gardner unearth more.
Insomnia becomes common.
Some individuals begin inventing wild gadgets using kitchen tools  batteries  small appliances and other odds and ends.
Some include an automatic letter sorter  a telepathic typewriter and a BLT sandwich maker.
Creates the sandwiches.
These inventions have a green glow when active.
Gardner is astonished.
When Anderson s telepathic typewriter is able to create a well-written novel.
Anderson also begins to compulsively dig around the artifact  revealing more and more.
Gardner  however  experiences no creative or mental effects  and is deeply worried.
Gardner has a metal plate.
Anderson believes.
Might be inhibiting whatever is improving the others.
Even the children start showing changes  Hilly Brown constructs a magic machine.
He demonstrates.
The device makes several inanimate objects disappear and reappear.
But  the boy does nt come back.
When Hilly makes his brother Davey disappear.
Believing Davey ran off  Sheriff Merrill leads the town.
Marie  despondent  becomes hysterical due to her insomnia.
Bryant loses interest  and works on his BLT sandwich maker.
Deputy Paulson is astonished.
When the host begins talking directly to her.
The host tells her.
Joe is having an affair.
The show s contestants demand.
She kill Joe.
The next day  Becka Paulson builds a device.
He is electrocuted.
When Joe later turns.
Becka goes insane  and is placed.
Hilly attempts to recreate his magic machine and bring Davey back.
Hilly repeats a nursery rhyme  but then suffers a seizure and is rushed to the hospital.
The search slackens.
The people becomes more obsessed with their inventions.
Ev Hillman learns.
Hilly has a massive brain tumor and has lost several.
Back Brown seem to care less about both Davey and Hilly.
The townspeople are creating more fantastic devices.
Every affected person seems drained.
Sheriff Merrill discovers Bobbi Anderson still unearthing the huge object.
Searching. 
Merrill continues her search.
Worried. 
Convinced  Ev Hillman begins researching the town s history.
Something caused his grandson s brain tumor.
He uncovers newspaper articles going back more than two centuries documenting inexplicable mass murders  deadly hunting accidents  and even a Native American tribal chief claiming.
The area is cursed.
Hillman tries to convince Trooper Duggan to investigate.
Duggan dismisses his claims.
Nancy Voss continues to invent even more futuristic devices.
Emits a green light and destroys anything.
Most stores close.
Many town functions cease.
Sheriff Merrill now believes.
Anderson had something to do.
Almost arrests her.
But Merrill becomes suspicious.
Much more is going on  and returns.
She must join or be punished.
The telephone line goes dead.
Merrill is assaulted.
Duggan and two other troopers investigate.
Merrill missing and Haven cut off.
Duggan is shocked.
-- -- he leaves.
When he begins to feel nauseous.
Sign that he is beginning to be affected.
The illness vanishes.
The two other troopers are killed.
Gardner becomes worried.
He returns home to find her  claiming her dog.
Petey has died.
Gardner tries to take her  but she protests.
She stays.
The next day  she appears fine.
He also discovers.
The garage has been padlocked.
Anderson wo nt let him.
Gardner is worried.
When he learns Merrill is missing.
The phone lines are dead.
He spends the evening getting drunk into the town park.
He sees Anderson and the other townspeople gather.
Sitting. 
He realizes.
Everyone is possessed and are planning to complete their becoming.
He is discovered and attempts to flee  but his vehicle is disabled.
A green energy barrier prevents him.
Every time causes extreme pain.
He comes the metal plate in his head.
Voss wants to kill Gardner.
Anderson puts him to work unearthing the huge object.
Meanwhile  Trooper Duggan returns.
They find the town deserted.
Duggan is killed.
When the soft drink vending machine he tries to use explodes.
Hillman sees some townspeople heading  and follows them.
Bryant and Marie lure him.
He will be able to see Davey.
Gardner  meanwhile  removes one with pliers  and tells Anderson.
He is beginning to feel new thoughts and have visions.
She accepts his story.
She can not read Gardner s mind  due plate.
Gardner steals her keys and goes to the garage.
He discovers a large amount of alien technology.
Petey the dog  Sheriff Merrill  and Ev Hillman have been encased and are being used or consumed in some way by the alien equipment.
Hillman is still alive  however.
He whispers.
Gardner must find the boy.
Hillman says.
Davey is.
Anderson discovers Gardner.
Gardner convinces her.
He must descend in order to fully become.
Gardner and Anderson spend the night digging  and uncover a new  glowing octagon set deep.
They activate it.
A portal opens.
Which takes them hundreds into.
What is obviously an alien starship.
They enter the ship s command room  filled.
The aliens have fangs  extended skulls  milky eyes and grey skin.
Many appear locked in mortal combat.
Anderson and Gardner discover an alien strapped.
They conclude.
The alien controlled the ship telepathically  and once linked could not be removed.
Gardner finds Davey encased.
The ship is using Davey s mental energy.
Gardner realizes.
It is also draining the.
Gardner forces Anderson to realize.
She experimented and is killing the boy.
The flood breaks the control over Anderson s mind.
However  their presence awakens one of the dead aliens.
Gardner  using a discarded blade  beheads the alien.
Gardner and Anderson free.
Davey and Anderson takes the boy.
Gardner pulls the dead pilot  and connects himself to the ship.
The other townspeople realize.
The ship is active and begin to run.
Anderson and Davey exit the ship and run.
Aboard the buried craft  Gardner destroys the external portal controls  preventing anyone.
Bryant Brown tries to use a disintegrator rifle.
The ship channels the energy back  killing him.
Voss  enraged  spots Anderson and Davey and pursues them into the garage.
Unable to use her alien weapon  she tries to kill them with an axe.
Ev Hillman appears comatose.
He suddenly reaches out and chokes her.
When Voss gets too close.
Hillman dies.
Anderson is able to save Petey.
Below the ground  the alien vessel begins lifting off.
Much explodes  forcing Anderson and Brown to flee the garage.
They can save Sheriff Merrill.
Gardner takes the ship high.
Where he causes it to explode.
Everyone is freed from the alien influence and suffer no ill effects.
Anderson and her dog are seen later sitting  looking up at the night sky.
Gardner is heard reciting some.
<EOS>
A young Mary Roff from Watseka  Illinois was committed to an asylum in Peoria  Illinois.
She died.
Twelve years later  a Watseka girl named.
Lurancy Vennum began exhibiting the same behavior as had Mary.
Believing  he convinced the Vennum family to not commit their own daughter.
The spirit has possessed Lurancy.
<EOS>
The film begins.
The story of his life is told in flashback  beginning with his abandonment at birth in a French fish market.
Raised  Grenouille grows into a strangely detached boy with a superhuman sense of smell.
He makes his first delivery to Paris.
Where he revels.
He focuses selling plums  following her and repeatedly attempting to sniff her  startling her with his behavior.
To prevent her  he covers.
The girl s mouth and unintentionally suffocates her.
She is dead.
When her scent fades.
Afterwards  Grenouille is haunted.
Grenouille amazes the Italian owner  Giuseppe Baldini  with his ability to identify and to create fragrances.
He revitalizes the perfumer s career  demanding.
That Baldini teach him how to preserve scents.
Baldini explains.
All perfumes are harmonies  and may contain a theoretical thirteenth scent.
He also tells a story.
Was so perfect that it caused everyone to briefly believe they were in paradise.
The bottle was opened.
He becomes depressed.
When Grenouille discovers that Baldini s method will not capture the scents of all objects  such as iron chains and dead animals.
Grenouille leaves to learn a different method in Grasse.
En route  Grenouille realises.
He has no body odor  and is therefore a cipher.
He decides.
Creating the perfect perfume will prove his worth.
Grenouille catches the scent of Laura Richis  the beautiful  redheaded daughter of the wealthy Antoine Richis and decides.
She will be his thirteenth scent  the linchpin.
Grenouille finds a job under Madame Arnulfi and Dominique Druot and learns the method of enfleurage.
He kills a young lavender picker and attempts to extract her scent using the method.
Fails. 
He attempts the method of cold enfleurage on a prostitute.
He hired.
She becomes alarmed and tries to throw him out.
He murders her and successfully preserves the scent thanks to the animal fat.
Grenouille embarks.
He dumps the women s naked corpses  creating panic.
Grenouille plans his attack on Laura.
It is announced.
An innocent man has confessed under torture.
Richis remains unconvinced and flees the city  planning to marry her as soon as possible.
Grenouille tracks her scent and sneaks into her room that night  appearing to hesitate.
She stirs.
However the next morning  Richis discovers Laura lying dead.
Soldiers capture Grenouille moments.
He finishes preparing his perfume.
He applies a drop of the perfume to himself  forcing the jailers to release him and give him their clothes.
The executioner and the crowd are speechless at the beauty of the perfume  they declare Grenouille innocent before falling into a massive orgy.
Richis  still convinced  threatens him with his sword  before being overwhelmed by the scent and embracing Grenouille as his son.
Eventually  the town awakens and decides.
The godly Grenouille could not have been the murderer.
Druot is convicted and hanged.
It was his backyard where the clothes and hair were found.
Walking out  Grenouille has enough perfume to rule the world  but has discovered.
It will not allow him to love or be loved.
Disenchanted and tired of his life  he returns to Paris.
Back  Grenouille returns to the fish market and pours the remaining perfume over his head.
Where he was born.
Overcome  the nearby crowd devours him.
Grenouille is an angel.
The next day  all are his clothes and the empty bottle.
Is left.
Which one final drop falls.
<EOS>
Mallory Kane is.
Aaron joins her.
Her to get.
She refuses.
They fight.
Scott  a customer  intervenes and allows Mallory to escape with him in his car.
She tells Scott.
They flee.
Who she is and what s happened.
These sequences are intermixed.
Mallory tells Scott.
She and Aaron work.
One week.
The firm s director Kenneth attended a meeting.
C.
Arranged. 
Kenneth s firm was hired to rescue Jiang.
Who was allegedly being held hostage.
Also present was Coblenz  Spanish contact  Rodrigo.
Mallory and her team   travel and  despite difficulties  succeed in rescuing Jiang and delivering him to Rodrigo.
Includes Aaron.
Back  Mallory is approached by Kenneth.
Who insists she undertake what he claims is an easy assignment  pose during a mission in Dublin.
Mallory agrees and accompanies Paul.
Where they meet.
Paul meets.
As Mallory watches.
She sees.
Paul go and after he leaves  she enters it to find Jiang dead  clutching in his hand a brooch which Kenneth had insisted she wear as a recognition signal for her initial contact with Paul.
Mallory realizes.
She has been set up.
Paul attacks Mallory and they fight  Mallory gets the upper hand and kills him.
She finds a missed call and returns it.
Kenneth answers and asks.
Mallory has been taken care of.
She evades Kenneth s agents.
Mallory leaves the hotel.
Who are tailing her.
Heavily armed members appear and try to arrest her.
She escapes and manages to sneak onto a ferry to England.
Mallory calls Rodrigo and asks him.
Whether it was he or Kenneth who set her up.
This prompts Rodrigo to call Coblenz.
Who then calls Mallory.
Coblenz tells Mallory.
He has had suspicions for some time.
Coblenz then contacts Kenneth and tells him to inform Mallory s father  John Kane.
Meanwhile  Mallory enters the United States and reaches the diner.
Where she was expecting to meet Kenneth.
Scott and Mallory are captured by the police.
Both are taken.
The police are ambushed.
Mallory manages to kill one and flees with Scott in one of the police cars.
She releases Scott and leaves to meet.
Mallory reaches her father s house before Kenneth  Aaron and two other men arrive to interrogate John about his daughter s whereabouts.
He realizes.
Aaron receives a photograph lying dead.
Mallory might have been set up.
He tries to press Kenneth.
Kenneth shoots him and escapes.
Mallory takes.
Aaron apologizes to Mallory.
He dies.
The following day  Mallory meets.
She would kill him there.
Coblenz also informs Mallory.
He offers her a government job.
They part.
She tells him.
She will respond after she finds Kenneth.
Mallory confronts Kenneth on a beach.
They fight.
He gets his foot jammed.
Unable to escape  he reveals.
Jiang was a journalist who was being protected after having written a series of articles exposing Studer s crimes.
Knowing  Kenneth arranged.
Mallory planned to leave his firm.
Her to kidnap Jiang and deliver him.
Kenneth then framed Mallory  planning to cut all ties.
Could lead by convincing Paul that Mallory was a double agent whom he should kill.
Mallory leaves Kenneth to drown.
A few days later  Mallory locates Rodrigo.
Who is.
The film ends.
As she confronts him  presumably intending to eliminate him.
<EOS>
Kidnapped and raised as an assassin  Shiori has spent her entire life following orders of her mysterious masters.
But  the programming is short circuited  her entire world is upside down.
When the childhood memory suddenly resurfaces.
But to do so means.
She must kill again  even the ones who are close.
<EOS>
He finds his morals being clouded with the criminals and especially Noria  the girlfriend of one of them.
When Mangin  a jaded French police inspector starts to investigate a Tunisian drug ring.
<EOS>
The legend gets a gender-bending update in this swashbuckling adventure.
He has schooled his daughter Valentine.
Legendary swordsman Jacques DArtagnan s best days may be well.
Now it s time to strike out on her own.
The eager young novice sets out to seek her fortune in Paris.
Valentine is determined to prove her worth.
A woman has never before been appointed the rank.
Who rode.
<EOS>
A nomad cuts down a tree.
He needs to use.
However  he accidentally chops down the wrong tree  felling the tree.
Sustains life itself.
All life disappears.
When the latter tree falls.
The nomad then finds himself.
He does not recognize.
He tries to work his way out.
He comes across a small tree instead to save this one.
Is. 
Association  p.
<EOS>
The story  set  revolves around Zakir Hussain aka Kunjakka.
This bus conductor lords.
Has a motley cast.
Then there are his bus mates.
The villain police sub inspector Adithya Being a good man  Kunjakka is faced.
He has to take on the wily cop.
Who also runs a bus company.
Then the problems come to hand.
Najeeb s dalliance ends in her becoming pregnant.
But Najeeb goes to Dubai leaving the girl.
So the responsibility falls on Kunjakka s shoulders.
There are misunderstandings.
His only solace is Noorjahan.
The story then is.
Kunjakka unties all the knots.
It is a story.
Is overweighed.
The maudlin nature of the script makes you groan.
None of the artistes have let down the story.
Every one chips in efficiently.
But the director Vinu has chosen the wrong path.
He gets himself tied up.
Music is.
Jayachandran.
<EOS>
Detective Hei  a kind-hearted veteran police officer and his partner Bong bust a rapist.
He finds.
When Bong returns home.
His pregnant girlfriend has committed suicide.
Bong becomes an alcoholic and turns in his badge to work as a private investigator.
He is obsessed.
His girlfriend committed suicide years ago.
Three years later  Bong discovers  she had been waiting at a bar for her secret lover.
Who wound up unconscious accident the same night.
Bong originally thinks.
He will be angry.
He ends up taking care.
He lays.
Bong eventually moves on and falls with a girl.
Who sells beer.
Hei marries Susan  daughter.
Hei and two lowlife accomplices break.
Later Hei kills his accomplices making.
It look like they killed each other over the loot.
Susan is nt convinced  so she hires Hei s friend Bong to investigate further.
Bong discovers Hei murdered Chau.
Chau had killed Hei s family.
When he was a boy living.
Hei then took.
Hei then tries to kill his wife Susan to end the Chau family line.
She survives the attempt and goes.
He mentally confesses but all along Susan knows the truth and asks him.
When he visits Susan.
He ever loved her.
Hei then realizes.
He destroyed the new family that he created with Susan.
Susan does nt believe him and loses.
Her will to live.
Unable to bear the pain and anguish  he shoots himself.
<EOS>
Der Hauptmann von Kopenick is based.
Took place in.
A poor cobbler named.
Wilhelm Voigt purchased the second-hand uniform.
Wearing this  he travelled and ordered a troop of guardsmen to place themselves under his command.
He then declared the town hall to be  ordering the arrest of the mayor and treasurer and confiscating all the funds in the exchequer.
It s a considerable sum of 4000 reichsmarks.
Voigt s orders were obeyed.
He temporarily got away.
He was eventually caught.
<EOS>
One summer a long time ago  a little girl and boy  Jessica and Michael  were brought together.
They played all summer long  it was puppy love.
They never saw each other again.
When the summer ended.
Years later the girl s parents retire and decide to sell their house.
Jessica  now grown and recently widowed  decides.
She needs to start over and move back home.
She hopes to buy the old house.
However  her plan goes awry.
When she discovers that her parents have already sold it.
She schemes to get the house back.
She realizes.
She should be nicer.
She buys his previous house.
Order to make up.
The movie ends remembering each other from their childhood.
They kiss.
The golden retriever has puppies.
The golden retriever runs away happily.
It is left to decide.
Whether the two moved.
<EOS>
The eccentric fashion designer Mr Marcel gives his newly designed gown.
When he sees how well it fits her.
He then bets the actress.
Who originally ordered the gown that if Eva wears his creation  she will be accepted as a high-society woman.
He is right.
Eva attracts the young aristocrat Jakob.
Eva fears.
Jakob will discover her lowly background.
Jakob himself is a fraud.
He is only a poor student.
Who works and sells his books to take her out.
Love wins out over snobbery and fraud.
<EOS>
Life Show follows a woman  Lai Shuangyang.
Who operates a duck neck stall in an unnamed city in central China.
Her life is filled.
Shuangyang keeps her cool.
Her brother.
Jiujiu has been committed.
Her sister  Xiaojin  always leaves Shuangyang s nephew for Shuangyang to take care of.
Shuangyang is trying to regain her family s home.
Was given during the Cultural Revolution.
Perhaps worst is at risk of losing her restaurant.
Shuangyang starts to notice one of her customers  Zhou Xiongzhou  a middle-aged businessman.
Who has been frequenting her restaurant.
She decides to take the risk with Xiongzhou.
The two begin an unassuming romance.
<EOS>
The Little Tramp is sleeping rough.
The story begins.
He is reformed somewhat.
Where there is singing and religious education.
His religious awakening inspired.
Who pleads for him to stay.
Spotting  Chaplin hesitantly accepts and is assigned the rough-and-tumble Easy Street.
A help wanted ad at the police station.
He finds a bully  roughing up the locals and pilfering their money.
Chaplin gets.
The two eventually come to blows  culminating in Chaplin inventively using a gas lamp  to render the bully unconscious.
The film continues.
<EOS>
A bomb detonates destroying the Bonwit Teller department store.
Later  a man calling himself Simon phones Major Case Unit Inspector Walter Cobb  claiming responsibility for the bomb.
He demands.
Suspended police officer Lt.
John McClane be dropped  wearing a sandwich board.
Says I hate Niggers.
Harlem shop owner Zeus Carver spots McClane and tries to get him.
He is killed.
A gang attack the pair.
Who barely escape.
Returning  they learn.
Simon is believed to have stolen several thousand gallons.
Simon calls again demanding.
McClane and Carver put themselves to prevent more explosions.
McClane and Carver are instructed to travel to Wall Street station 90 blocks south  within 30 minutes to stop a bomb planted on a Brooklyn-bound 3 train.
McClane succeeds.
It detonates  causing the rear car  demolishing many of the station s support columns.
Federal Bureau tell McClane.
Simon is Simon Peter Gruber  brother  whom McClane killed in the first film.
Simon calls again claiming  and is sensitive to police radio signals.
Another bomb is planted.
The police organize a citywide search  and shut down the police radio band.
McClane and Carver are forced to complete more riddles to identify the school.
McClane realizes  Simon is actually planning a heist.
He and Carver are being distracted to keep them away.
Returning downtown  he finds  and made off in 14 stolen dump trucks.
Simon s men  disguised  have raided the Federal Reserve Bank of New York via the destruction left by the subway explosion.
McClane trails the dump trucks to an aqueduct in the New York City Water Tunnel No.
3  capturing one  but Simon destroys a cofferdam flooding the tunnel  McClane is thrown clear and regroups with Carver.
They continue to follow the dump trucks  but are captured attempting to board.
The police locate and attempt to evacuate the school.
They think the bomb is.
The police discover.
Timer reaches zero.
The bomb is only a decoy.
Meanwhile  McClane and Carver find.
Simon has instead used the remaining explosive.
Simon leaves the tanker  leaving McClane and Carver tied up next.
They manage to escape the doomed ship.
Before it detonates.
McClane theorizes.
They regroup and have their wounds tended to.
There was no gold.
Simon has likely escaped.
McClane realises.
Phoning to make amends.
An aspirin bottle earlier by Simon gives an address in a bordertown of Quebec.
McClane raid the warehouse.
Where Simon and his men are preparing to distribute the gold.
Simon escapes.
McClane shoots a power line.
Hits the helicopter and destroys it.
Carver joins McClane and convinces him to finish his call.
<EOS>
The film begins.
Where Scotty Scott Thomas is dumped.
Later that evening  Scott and his best friend  Cooper Harris  attend a graduation party and learn  and are treated.
Fiona has been sleeping.
Scotty Does nt Know  that crudely details the affair.
Drunk and angry  Scott return home and receives an e-mail reply  Mieke  is pronounced as Mike.
Whom he believes to be a guy thinking her name.
Mieke feels sorry.
Has happened and wants to arrange a meeting in order to make Scott feel better.
Thinking  Scott emails Mieke to stay away from him.
Cooper said earlier being full.
However  Scott s younger brother.
Actually similar.
Realizing his mistake.
Scott attempts desperately to contact her again  only to find out.
He has feelings.
Mieke has unexpectedly blocked his address.
Pushed to search for Mieke  Scott resolves to travel to Europe with Cooper to fix the situation and apologize to Mieke.
Scott and Cooper travel.
Couriers  where they end up befriending the members of a Manchester United football hooligan firm  led by Mad Maynard after accidentally stumbling upon their pub and escaping a fight by claiming to be members of a Manchester United fan club from Ohio.
Scott and Cooper wake up on a double-decker bus on their way to Paris for a Manchester United game.
Where they eventually meet up  Jenny and Jamie  who are touring Europe together.
Jenny and Jamie decide to accompany Scott and Cooper to find Mieke  and plans to visit other parts of Europe together.
This will be the last summer the four will spend together before going off to college.
The group ends up in the fictional French town of Crans Sur Mer  famous for its nude beach.
However  they leave immediately.
Women go because perverted men flock to the beach to either grope or stare at the females.
Cooper heads to Club Vandersexxx.
Is actually a brutal BDSM club where he is subjected because he can not pronounce the safe word.
Meanwhile  Scott and Jenny go and eat.
What they believe to be hash brownies and proceed to freak out  only to be told that they are normal brownies.
The female shopkeeper takes him.
Jamie is.
Jamie is robbed by a mugger.
There. 
To hitchhike  they manage to get a truck driver to pull over.
However  he does not speak English.
Scott  saying  crudely asks the driver.
He speaks some German.
He can take them.
The driver mentions Berlin numerous times.
He is actually saying.
He is going nowhere  as he is wanted there for stabbing a woman and assaulting a horse.
The group ultimately end up.
Where they are horrified.
They talk.
Who loves 1980s American pop culture.
Deciding to have some fun  the group goes.
Whom Jenny met in Paris earlier.
Jenny is attracted.
She discovers that he is married and bisexual.
Jenny then downs half a bottle.
The boys have been drinking.
Jenny and Jamie  both drunk  make out with each other and are horrified.
When they realize what they are doing.
The next day  Tibor finally drives them.
Where Mieke s father informs Scott and Cooper that his daughter has gone.
Jamie sells his precious Leica camera.
Order to afford flight tickets to find Mieke.
The four friends head to Vatican City.
Where Mieke will tour before she leaves.
However  the group are unable to get to follow Mieke.
They finally get inside the Vatican.
Jamie manage to convince the Swiss Guards that he is a tour guide.
Once  Jamie is asked to replace one of the tour guides.
Who called.
Meanwhile  Cooper unknowingly rings the bell and sets a Papal mitre on fire.
Throwing it  it lights up in white smoke over the Vatican  making.
Everyone realize that the old pope has died and that a new pope has been elected.
Attempting to escape  Scott gets tangled and ends up stumbles out on the balcony.
Where he is presumed to be the new pope.
Spotting Mieke  Scott jumps down a banister to meet up.
The football hooligans eventually shows up at the Vatican and rescue Scott and Cooper.
The Swiss Guards realize what is going on and attempt to stop Scott and Cooper.
Scott finally introduces himself to Mieke and confesses his love for her.
Mieke tells Scott to continue writing to her.
She boards her boat.
A man turns out to be Arthur Frommer  author.
Whom Jamie took.
Jamie has memorized.
Frommer hires Jamie to tour every museum and cathedral.
Scott  Cooper  and Jenny finally board their flight back.
Jenny entices Cooper to have sex with her in one of the plane s toilets  finally realizing his dream of crazy European sex.
The film ends.
When Scott moves and is surprised when Mieke prematurely shows up at his room.
Mieke says.
She is his roommate.
Scott and Mieke embrace each other.
<EOS>
Vinod Kumar is an upright and honest man.
Who runs a newspaper named Mashaal.
Vinod exposes the ills.
Vinod s wife Sudha sees.
A vagabond named Raja and tries to instill some good ways.
Vinod is sceptical.
Raja comes to regard Sudha.
Finally  Vinod decides to help Raja.
Meanwhile  Vinod finds that S.
K.
Vardhan  a respected man  is behind many malpractices.
Vinod starts exposing S.
K s illicit business.
K.
Tries to buy his silence.
When Vinod decides to stand up.
K.
Latter has him thrown by his landlord.
Vinod s newspaper office   is destroyed.
Used to be.
Sudha   dies  leaving Vinod distraught.
Who is ailing.
An disillusioned Vinod realizes that S.
K.
Will always trump him.
People too support him.
K.
Vinod now decides to follow S.
K s footsteps.
Vinod starts producing illicit liquor and doing other businesses.
Vinod becomes a rich man.
All this time  Raja is unaware.
The only other person knowing the truth is Geeta  Raja s ladylove and another journalist.
Vinod s business now stands to Vardhan s empire.
Now  Raja returns.
He meets Vinod and is surprised to see.
Latter s lifestyle has changed  but does nt know the truth.
Raja starts working.
He meets Munna  an old friend.
Whom he learns that a new crime lord has started making new businesses.
Raja decides to expose.
This criminal  who unknown  is Vinod himself.
Vinod is disturbed to learn.
Raja is trying to dismantle his empire  but does not stop him.
One day  however  Raja learns and confronts him.
Vinod accepts the truth and tells him.
What happened.
Raja decides.
He will do what Vinod taught him  even if this means exposing his own mentor.
Raja confesses to Vinod.
He is still his mentor.
Here  Vinod and S.
K s enmity reaches a head.
When Raja starts writing.
Finally  S.
K kidnaps Raja and threatens him.
Vinod enters and saves Raja.
K.
Vinod kills S.
K.
Keshav  a henchman.
K  tries to shoot Raja.
Vinod comes and gets fatally shot.
Keshav is arrested.
Vinod dies  happy and finally content.
<EOS>
Orlova plays an American circus artist  but finds refuge  love and happiness.
Who   immediately becomes a victim of racism and is forced to stay in the circus.
Her black son is embraced.
The movie climaxes.
The film was digitally colorized in Russia.
<EOS>
Fifteen-year-old Raman lives alone  their parents having died several years prior.
The town bully.
Prabhakaran Pillai rapes Raman s sister who later commits suicide.
Raman kills Pillai and escapes from murder charges by hiding from the police with the help of a teashop owner and a prostitute.
He faces Pillai s children.
<EOS>
The evil wizard king Winterbolt has caused havoc.
Who have entered his domain.
He is then punished.
When she places a spell that puts him in a deep sleep.
Years later  Winterbolt awakens.
Boreal transfers the last of her power into Rudolph s red nose.
Will stop glowing if it is ever used.
Winterbolt learns through his genie of the ice scepter and plans not only to dispose of Rudolph  the only power capable of stopping him  but also to reclaim his territory from Santa Claus.
To achieve this  Winterbolt plans to take advantage.
Rudolph s ice cream man friend Milton arrives and tells Rudolph and Frosty.
He plans to attract the heart.
Winterbolt offers Frosty magic amulets.
Will keep his family and enable them to attend a Fourth of July Circus in which Rudolph is to star.
They will only be protected.
Santa agrees to pick up Frosty and his wife Crystal.
The magic wears off.
Winterbolt has his ice dragons create a blizzard to prevent Santa.
Winterbolt also gets and recruits an unintelligent reindeer named Scratcher to try to get Rudolph to turn  or at least appear  evil.
Some reinsnakes and goes.
Time was not on the side of Frosty and family.
He forms an alliance during the parade.
When Scratcher arrives.
Scratcher  taking advantage  steals money from the circus and sets up Rudolph.
To take the blame.
Rudolph agrees to appear guilty  to extend the powers of the amulets.
Frosty s family wears.
Frosty s family  friends  and the circus  owner  Lilly Loraine  are upset.
When Rudolph lies about how he stole the money and his nose stops glowing.
Only Frosty knows the truth and wants to restore Rudolph s glowing nose.
Winterbolt takes advantage as well by lying and agreeing to do it in exchange for Frosty s hat  with the intention of using the magic powers of Frosty s hat to create an army of evil snowmen.
Rudolph manages to steal back the hat.
His nose regains its glow.
Winterbolt attacks.
Ends. 
Scratcher disappears  Sam is arrested.
Winterbolt is vanquished.
All the spells are negated.
He cast.
Frosty and his family are once again.
However  Jack Frost  the villain  arrives on Big Ben.
Who s Rudolph s whale friend  to rescue his former enemy and family as they are whisked back to the North Pole by Santa.
Rudolph stays behind to help the circus out.
The special ends the Red-Nosed Reindeer  sung by Ethel Merman.
<EOS>
Mr Smith Goes to Washington.
Billy Jack is appointed a United States Senator to fill out the remaining term.
It is hoped.
He will quietly vote the party line.
His term runs into trouble.
When he proposes a bill to fund a national youth camp which happens to be where a nuclear power plant is also being proposed.
His fellow Senator Joseph Paine claims to oppose nuclear power but is secretly taking graft to influence his votes  and moves to try to keep Billy Jack out of the way.
When the bill is being debated.
Seeking to keep Billy on a day  Senator Paine suggests he meet with a grassroots group that day instead.
When a controversial energy bill is being voted on.
The group is working to pass a national initiative.
Billy Jack becomes convinced.
Billy is invited to meet.
He will vote their way.
Who wields a powerful influence.
He does nt cooperate.
Billy responds at their threat.
The next day  he tries to speak on the floor in opposition to the nuclear power plant.
Paine responds.
Billy s assistant quits  fearing for her own safety  but returns later in the film.
Billy Jack is about to be expelled  to help him learn Senate procedure in order to filibuster.
Billy collapses in the effort  whereupon Paine confesses to his colleagues.
Every word Billy spoke was the truth.
<EOS>
Mary Sharron has lost her husband.
To help her run the ranch  she hires Fred Carter  a handy man.
A handsome  but taciturn fellow  Fred works hard.
Who has known much tragedy.
Robbie Sharron  the woman s son  resents him.
The youth is most unhappy.
When he learns that his mother is planning to marry him to quell ugly rumors.
The stepfather treats the boy harshly  not out of cruelty  but.
He wants to prepare the boy to survive the tough life ahead.
This creates friction and frustration.
Sometimes Fred beats both Mary and Robbie.
The wife learns  Robbie and Fred get into a violent fight.
She is pregnant.
Afterwards Fred goes and ends up jailed for brawling.
A month later he is released.
He finds.
When he gets home.
Mary has moved his things.
A natural disaster changes the family s lives and relationships.
Honesty and pain gives them a chance to heal and start afresh.
<EOS>
Jun and Diego are brothers.
Whose father  Elias  has disappeared.
Jun s best friend  Teban  tries to convince the brothers.
His policeman father  Tolome  has nt given up trying to find Elias.
Their father may not be coming back.
The boys  quest takes them.
Where they meet the beautiful Lila  whose fragile beauty convinces the boys to escort her home  lest she fall prey.
Lila lives  the charismatic Pido By the time Jun realizes.
Nothing is as it seems  it may already be too late  as Pido is already preparing to initiate the newest member  Diego.
<EOS>
Boys is composed of three segments set on Fire Island.
Bayside  The dark  bearded Peter Fisk walks until reaching a beach.
He strips and sunbathes.
Suddenly   the blond naked Donovan appears and runs up onto the beach to Fisk.
Fisk performs oral sex.
Who then leads Fisk.
Fisk grabs the blanket and follows  catching up in a clearing.
They kiss and touch each other  then Donovan takes a studded leather strap and attaches it around Fisk s genitalia.
They continue the scene.
He returns to servicing Fisk orally and   momentary flashes of previous scenes are intercut.
Fisk is climaxing.
The scene ends.
Fisk runs and vanishes  mirroring Donovan s entrance.
Donovan dons Fisk s abandoned clothes and heads off.
Poolside  The segment opens on a pier  holding a newspaper.
He returns  strips by the pool and begins reading.
Intrigued  Donovan writes a letter in response.
He receives a reply.
A number pass.
Is a tablet.
He throws.
The water starts to churn.
The dark-haired Danny Di Cioccio emerges.
The two couple.
Di Cioccio turns the tables and tops Donovan.
The scene closes and then walking off together down a boardwalk.
This final segment.
Opens  intercut with shots of African-American telephone repairman Tommy Moore checking various poles and lines outside  Donovan spots Moore from his balcony.
Moore sees Donovan as well.
The remainder consists of Donovan s fantasized sexual encounters with Moore throughout the house intercut with shots of Donovan sniffing poppers and penetrating himself with a large black dildo.
The segment ends following Donovan s climax  with the real Moore coming inside the house and closing the door behind them.
<EOS>
A man hesitates  The main character is played by Barbet Schroeder  but was dubbed by Bertrand Tavernier.
Whose voice Rohmer judged more appropriate.
The structure is about a man.
Who sees and falls.
He does nt know.
To talk.
She disappears.
When he finally speaks.
He begins a daily search.
He has seen her.
He begins a habit of stopping in a bakery to buy a snack.
The girl in the bakery becomes interested in him.
He starts.
Flirting  and  eventually  convinces her to go on a date with him.
However  he runs and is forced to choose.
The date begins.
He was originally searching.
<EOS>
The movie opens.
Go-Go dancer Cherry Darling decides to quit her low-paying job and find another use for her numerous useless talents.
She runs at the Bone Shack  a BBQ restaurant owned by JT Hague and his sheriff brother.
Meanwhile  a group at a nearby US military base  led by the demented Lt.
Muldoon  are making a business transaction.
He attempts to take Abby hostage.
When Muldoon learns that Abby has an extra supply.
Abby intentionally releases the gas.
The gas reaches the town and turns most into deformed bloodthirsty psychopaths  mockingly referred to as sickos by the surviving humans.
The infected townspeople are treated.
Random zombie attacks begin along the highway  leading El Wray  as his passenger  to crash his truck.
Several zombies tear off Cherry s right leg.
Also falling victim  fatally  is Tammy.
Who was into town to reunite with her former lover Dakota.
Dr Block recognizes her.
When Tammy s body arrives.
Realizes Dakota was about to leave him.
He then attacks Dakota  stabbing her repeatedly in the hands  rendering them useless  before locking her in a closet to tend to other patients  including multiple arrivals showing signs of infection and Cherry.
Who does not die.
El Wray is disarmed and detained.
El Wray leaves the police station and arrives  attaching a wooden table leg to Cherry s stump.
The patients transform.
Accidentally breaks her left wrist.
El Wray and Cherry fight their way.
She eventually manages to drive away.
Meanwhile  Block becomes infected.
Others   take refuge at the Bone Shack.
Dakota retrieves her son Tony and takes him.
Tony   accidentally shoots himself after being told not to point it at himself.
Who was given a revolver.
Cherry and El Wray make love.
What happens immediately following this is unknown  but when the film returns.
Zombies are massing.
Is set.
Dakota  Earl  and Tony s crazed babysitter twins arrive.
The group decides to flee to the Mexican border  before being stopped by a large mob of zombies.
Muldoon s men arrive  and kill the zombies.
They learn.
The soldiers are stealing Abby s supply because they are infected with it.
The only treatment is.
Delays mutation.
They also learn.
A small percentage is immune to the gas  suggesting a possible treatment  which is why Muldoon quarantined the survivors.
The others defeat the security guards.
Cherry and Dakota are taken away.
J.
T.
Sustains a gunshot wound.
The group searches.
Discovered  Muldoon explains.
His men were infected and were ordered to protect the area.
El Wray offers a respectful recognition.
He and Abby shoot the mutating Muldoon.
Meanwhile  Cherry is forced to dance.
Being held.
Cherry attacks and stabs the remaining jagged-point in his eye.
Dakota.
She has regained feeling.
El Wray and Abby arrive to rescue Cherry and Dakota.
El Wray replaces Cherry s broken wooden leg.
She promptly kills Rapist 1 and other zombies.
J.
T.
Wounded and lying  stays behind to detonate explosives to eliminate the zombies still in the complex.
The others flee.
The survivors make plans to escape but must fight past the remaining zombies.
Abby dies.
When a ballistic projectile blows his head up.
An infected Block then arrives and is killed  shortly.
The survivors use the blade tips to decapitate all the remaining zombies.
However   El Wray is fatally wounded.
Saving Cherry.
Cherry leads the group and many more survivors to the Caribbean beach at Tulum  Mexico.
Where they start a peaceful new society.
It is revealed.
Cherry Darling has given birth.
Dakota s son Tony is sitting on the beach at the survivor s base playing with his turtle  scorpion  and tarantula.
<EOS>
The film is.
K. 
A. 
.
Who is a cool and a clever guy.
Shankar Das a.
K. 
A. 
Bhaiji is a well-known don.
Whom everybody fears and obeys.
Khoka joins Bhaiji s circle.
Where he has a wacky senior Khara Babu.
Khoka starts to obtain every luxury and starts to hoax Bhaiji.
A perfect office should have.
Problems occur.
When Khoka falls with Bhaiji s sister Pooja.
Anyone is simply dealt.
Who even looks.
Khoka somehow manages to win and also gains the complete trust of Bhaiji by changing the system.
Which his business operates.
Bhaiji asks him to look.
He considers his other employees to be incapable.
Khoka and Pooja fall and even get secretly married.
She even goes.
Bhaiji s rival Ballu is.
Bhaiji is completely unaware.
Pooja s relation  however he does come to know later.
Can their love survive.
When Bhaiji is over-possessive like Ballu are on the loose to take revenge from Bhaiji by killing his sister Pooja.
<EOS>
Sawney Bean  a ruthless psychopath  earned a notoriety as the world s most brutal serial killer  predating Jack the Ripper and Bloody Bill by several hundred years.
Sawney was a cannibal   feasting on their corpses afterwards.
Who captured his victims and literally butchered them.
His practices are continued by his in-bred descendants.
Who dwell  as a group of teenagers soon discover whilst exploring the steep cliff-face where Sawney s descendants dwell in search of flesh.
<EOS>
Trevenge depicts Christmas.
They are subject to humiliation by humans  and make them stand in their living rooms.
Who decorated them.
The Christmas trees have had enough  and go on and kill an entire town as part of their uprising.
<EOS>
The film covers three days.
Who supplements his living.
He and his wife  Dolly  are moving.
Jaffe is beset  including his inability to persuade the moving man to move the couple s furniture  and retreats into fantasy.
<EOS>
An all-female fan club called  Joe is busy stocking up some new issues of Photoplay magazine  Mona arrives late due to the weather.
The Disciples meets inside a Woolworth s five-and-dime store in McCarthy  Texas.
Mona and Joe go up at the counter and begin singing a doo-wop tune called Sincerely.
Back  the sun is still shining  another two Disciples  Stella Mae and Edna Louise  make their way to the five-and-dime  bringing a red jacket.
The club used to wear.
Mona joins them and explains.
The bus she was riding on broke down and had to be repaired.
Looking  she recalls the last time.
The Disciples  all dressed  came together.
So does the flashback.
Reunion preparations continue.
Juanita thinks.
When Mona reveals that Dean chose her to raise his son.
She is warped and demented.
Mona loses her temper  the latter goes outside to cool off.
When Sissy badmouths her.
Mona and Juanita leave the shop  and see a window shopper  Joanne  driving in a Porsche sports car.
Joanne has arrived.
The Disciples learn.
She had a sex change operation  it appears that Jo/Joanne was the father of Mona s never-seen 20-year-old son  Jimmy Dean  who has stolen Joanne s Porsche.
The Disciples make a pact to hold another one.
Mona refuses.
She  Cissy and Joanne appear and sing Sincerely again.
The film ends.
The song fades.
<EOS>
Confederate soldier Capt.
Colt Saunders comes home from the war.
Victorious supporters have taken control of his town  including a corrupt commissioner named Cable.
The gallant Colt comes.
When he sees a Yankee insult a Southern belle named Lorna Hunter.
He is nt aware as a St.
Louis dance-hall girl or her villainous true nature.
Colt is knocked cold.
Lorna steals $.
Her friend  saloon owner Ruby  lets  so Lorna hatches a scheme.
Her know that Colt is a wealthy rancher.
She returns his missing $ 900 and impresses him.
Colt falls and marries her.
His ranch  the Bar S  has fallen.
Loyal ranch foreman Innocencio   says.
Who looked out while Colt was off to war.
Yankees have been rustling their horses.
Colt s brother  nicknamed Cinch  shows up.
Cinch is not trustworthy.
Colt has felt obligated since a childhood accident.
Cinch is allowed to help run the ranch.
But as soon  Cinch makes off as well.
Cable claims that $ 16000 must be paid.
Lorna is pregnant.
Colt tracks them down and offers to give them more money.
She agrees to give birth first and leave the child.
Who gains ultimate control.
Lorna has a change and persuades Colt to let her stay.
<EOS>
An unemployed young man finds a job in a shooting gallery as a living target.
The man falls in love and lives in the gallery with his wife at gunpoint.
It is extremely difficult to interpret any more.
<EOS>
Most is silent.
There are just as necessary.
In a black screen the audience can hear different sounds of prison gates opening and someone walking down corridors  then shouts are heard.
The audience is brought just.
Where Bruno Le Roux  a former leftist revolutionary  has just escaped.
An accomplice is waiting for him  he shoots the searchlights and both climb into a car and escape through the streets into the country.
They come but manage to escape through a hail of bullets.
The next morning Bruno lies  Jean-Jean is dead.
Bruno takes everything himself.
He heads in the train but runs into the police at the train station  he manages to escape and runs into a safe-house in a garage within an apartment complex.
News reach.
Other people involved in his past  amongst them Jacquillat  a drug dealer and owner of a fronting company related to transportation of goods and Jeanne and Francis  former revolutionaries.
Francis wanders.
Bruno shall be coming.
She is sure.
He will try to escape.
Bruno forges identifications and arranges many looks  steals a car  changes.
The licence plates and connects a radio scanner so he can hear the feedback.
The Police are tailing Jeanne.
That night Bruno pays a visit.
Who obviously shares some past.
Jacquillat and Freddy reluctantly agrees to call him after offering help to take Bruno.
Freddy goes  Bruno sees from the window a group of policemen and also has a glimpse at Police Inspector Pascal Manise   and assumes  he leaves the bar and sees.
Whom he had seen earlier.
Freddy has betrayed him.
Manise enter.
He calls Freddy to tell him.
It was not a smart move.
Jacquillat has made his office his refuge and sends his henchmen.
Freddy fears and has become paranoid.
He runs the streets he sees Bruno everywhere but when he arrives.
Bruno shows up  it turns out.
She was actually expecting him and gives him a bunch that she has been keeping and burns communist pamphlets that she had hidden away in her son s closet for 15 years.
Bruno gets a glimpse but does not engage him.
The Police investigate Freddy s murder.
He is talking.
Bruno pays a visit and tells her.
He is dead and that now he will take care  she refuses and throws him out.
Le Roux goes but he tries to open the wrong door.
A neighbour emerges  he apologizes for the mistake and goes to his apartment  but now there is a witness about his looks and knows.
He must change his plans.
He takes a lot from the apartment and guns and burns the apartment.
He bombs the Court House.
This triggers the police to arrest Jeanne.
She is still loyal and will not say a word.
Bruno frisks Banane and finds a photo.
Who has just left.
Bruno poses then.
Yvan says that he wants to meet Jacquillat.
The woman comes back.
As he is about to leave.
The police is all.
They must wait it out but she is very sick  she offers to take him to her place  her husband is Manise.
Where he will be safe after she figures out that the police is looking.
No one shall look there.
Once she shoots up and falls asleep.
Agnes keels over and is about to die due to overdose  Bruno hesitates but finally saves her.
As he is about to leave.
She tells him.
He is washing her wounds.
It is the first time.
She has had to buy her own fixes.
He promises her to help her get more drugs.
He tells her.
His name is Pierre.
Jeanne is liberated.
Early Bruno goes to Banane s and learns.
A meeting has been set at.
Later that same morning   Bruno asks her to help him.
Jeanne is preparing a little celebration.
The only thing is cross him into Italy.
She will do.
He refuses and reminds her.
She has been free and able to live her life only because he and all the others who have spent time have kept their mouths shut  therefore she owes them  he will come at 2245 for her.
Agnes takes Pierre and promises him to get a car.
Bruno is confronted by Cecile the owner of the chalet.
Preparing. 
Cecile thinks that her husband is having an affair.
They tell her.
He is Pierre an unemployed machinist and Agnes  lover.
Cecile is more calm she offers to get him a job and leaves.
Bruno goes.
She is not there.
He goes alone.
Turns out to be an ambush.
Bruno manages to escape and calls to help him.
She takes him.
Where they discuss to know that if he can justify the deaths of several innocent people that they have killed during their terrorist attacks.
Jeanne confesses.
What she did.
She still will not say anything.
When asked.
The next day is confronted again by Cecile.
Who now believes that he is Agnes  dealer and the one who is blackmailing Manise.
He denies it and tells her  she leaves.
Manise actually is a wife beater.
Bruno knows and steals a car.
He has to leave.
Happened to be.
He dumps the car and goes.
He is cut off by many police blockades.
She is not there.
Bruno beats Francis to force her to help him.
When she arrives.
She unwittingly reveals.
The police will not search her car because they are not looking.
Bruno has Jeanne tie Francis up.
They leave her apartment.
They pass the blockade.
He then manages to arrive  but does not know.
Jeanne has followed him.
She then goes and tells him.
Where to find Le Roux.
Manise discloses Le Roux s location.
Le Roux hears movements and manages to escape  the police and Jacquillat s henchmen have engaged in a shoot out.
Gives him the opportunity to leave undetected.
He goes.
Where he shoots him and takes his car.
He starts climbing the Alps.
Order to escape.
He walks into a crevasse  he tries to climb out.
He can not and sinks.
<EOS>
The film starts in India.
Where Sergeant Sharpe leads a patrol.
He arrives shortly.
Dodd s men kill the entire garrison  leaving no witnesses  and makes off with the payroll.
However  Sharpe is only wounded and manages to survive.
Fourteen years later   Sharpe  now a farmer in France  is summoned by his former commander  the Duke of Wellington  to his London home  Apsley House  and asked to undertake one more mission for him  to find a man in India.
The missing agent was trying to learn the identity.
Sharpe refuses  unwilling to press his luck any further.
He learns that the agent is his old comrade and best friend  Patrick Harper.
Sharpe sets out.
He passes a group of soldiers escorting Celia Burroughs  the general s attractive daughter.
He rides on ahead.
He is soon attacked  but is rescued by Patrick Harper.
Who shows up just.
Celia Burroughs  escort is also attacked   she is captured and taken to the fortress of Khande Rao  the nominal leader of the revolt.
However  he is not yet and is under the influence of a regent  his late father s favourite concubine  Madhuvanthi  and her lover  now General William Dodd.
Who plan to kill Rao before he declares his majority.
Sharpe reaches the encampment.
Who is preparing to lay siege.
The General is ill  so command has passed.
Simmerson refuses to act from Agra.
However   Simmerson is only too happy to allow him to risk his life.
When Sharpe requests permission to infiltrate the enemy fortress.
Sharpe and Harper  posing  are welcomed by the rebels.
Sharpe makes the acquaintance.
Gudin has been hired to train the men.
Meanwhile  General Burroughs recovers his health  dismisses Simmerson  and commences the siege.
Sharpe discovers  they will attempt their breach.
Dodd has laid a trap.
Where he has mined it.
Some British soldiers are captured  among them Sergeant Shadrach Bickerstaff.
Who had clashed.
To avoid torture and execution  Bickerstaff betrays Sharpe.
Sharpe and Harper are beaten and imprisoned.
Gudin  disgusted  helps Sharpe and Harper escape.
As the British launch their assault.
Gudin next attempts to free Celia  but is murdered.
Sharpe and Harper successfully set off the gunpowder prematurely  resulting.
Kills many defenders.
Harper encounters and shoots Bickerstaff.
Sharpe goes off.
Dodd prepares to flee.
When it is clear the fortress has fallen.
Madhuvanthi attacks him.
When she learns that he is going to abandon her.
Sharpe finds and kills Dodd.
Khande Rao is allowed to keep his throne.
He signs a peace treaty  much.
Celia is reunited.
Their mission accomplished  Sharpe and Harper ride off.
<EOS>
The domineering Edwina Black has just died.
The general feeling appears to be.
The local community whispers.
Her death is a disguised blessing.
Unknown  Gregory and Elizabeth have been clandestine lovers for some time  and matters take a serious turn  feeling uneasy about Edwina s sudden and unexpected death  orders an autopsy.
When the local doctor.
The result come back  revealing.
Edwina s body is full.
Inspector Martin determines to get.
His suspicions obviously fall.
He sets out to trap them  hoping.
They will inadvertently implicate themselves.
A complicating factor arises.
When it is discovered that the housekeeper Ellen has been keeping secrets  and also had good reason for wishing Edwina ill.
Two travel tickets and a guidebook are found in Elizabeth s possession.
Does she explain that away.
This works so well.
They are soon apparently falling to incriminate each other.
Martin has to try to untangle the stories to come up.
What actually happened  all the while being aware that he is perhaps being manipulated.
<EOS>
A demented scientist  Krank  kidnaps children to steal their dreams.
Former Russian sailor One   orphaned  thieves  guild member named Miette.
Who sets out to rescue him.
They delve and discover the connection between the scientist and the missing Denree.
Krank is both aided and hindered  Irving  a talkative brain in a tank  and six identical clones of the genius.
Who created them all and has been missing.
They support the cult.
They gather children as without the ability he is aging rapidly.
Conjoined twins known control the guild of thieves in their robberies but have become distrustful of Miette and hire One to help the children steal a safe.
The Octopus believes.
Miette has been holding out and has deserted to help One.
They employ performer Marcello to ensure Miette pays and One returns.
Much he allows Miette to drown.
Rescuing One.
Miette s last sight is that of a deep sea diver.
Who takes her and catalogues her body.
He is revealed to be a delusional paranoid and identical.
An accident revives Miette.
She finds One and Marcello both drinking and full.
The angered Octopus has a henchman dispose and uses the stolen mind control to turn One against Miette  the smallest of actions has the largest of results in a spectacular chain of events leading to the Octopus  demise instead.
It plants information and restores.
When a dream escapes the rig.
Some  including how he was attacked by Krank and the woman he created as a wife and dropped into the sea.
They all converge with the Genius armed to destroy it and the duo to rescue Denree.
Miette is forced to enter a dream world to release Denree.
The Genius straps himself.
Miette is joined by Krank.
Where she uses her imagination to control the dream and foil him once and.
One and Miette rescue all the children.
The explosions start and the Genius finds papers  finally regaining his memory.
<EOS>
The film begins in caribou parkas riding through snow on snowmobiles.
Arriving  inside they find a video recorded journal of a man.
Who appears to be dying.
The man reports.
The Yellowstone Caldera eruption has affected nearly everything  burying much of the country under several feet of volcanic ash.
The film then goes back before the incident.
Where tourists are seen viewing Old Faithful and exploring the hydrovolcanic features.
Rick Lieberman  a USGS scientist in charge of the Yellowstone Volcano Observatory  is seen presenting to a crowd on Yellowstone s seismic activity.
He states  using a fictional holographic projector known as Virgil.
Yellowstone is  though neither major nor hazardous.
More and more signs of seismic activity occur  all pointing towards the imminent eruption of Yellowstone.
Rick and most try not to cause public panic by saying that these seismic activities do not necessarily indicate an imminent volcanic eruption.
However   it raises public alarm  helped by a woman from CNN constantly pressing Rick to confirm the eruption for her reports  and by Rick Lieberman s.
When Jock Galvin s sarcastic mockery sparks constant media speculation.
Who is selling a book.
A leaked government news report acknowledging a possible eruption causes widespread panic.
Rick s team is caught.
Researching next to Yellowstone when the volcano violently erupts  spewing tonnes of rock and pyroclastic material into the sky.
Two are killed as a result of attempting to outrun the pyroclastic flow.
Only an injured Jock survives the eruption  escaping.
Rick and his brother-in-law are flying back.
When their plane flies and are forced to do a dead stick landing in Cheyenne  Wyoming.
They take shelter.
When the ash starts raining down on the ground.
S.
Airbase. 
Tension begins to rise as more and more vents open above the underlying magma chamber throughout the eruption.
The ash destroys the second Y.
V.
O.
Base  killing another colleague  Dave.
People are literally being drowned to hundreds of thousands.
Slowly  thermal images begin to reveal a contour.
Authorities begin to realise the seriousness.
Very soon  the authorities become desperate  trying to find a way to save the trapped Americans.
Jock raises tension by saying that.
After 2500 cubic km had come out.
It could still go on because Yellowstone has a maximum capacity already ejected.
And.
E.
M.
A.
Mentions. 
The entire volcanic system could completely rupture.
Luckily  things take a better turn  the crust above the magma chamber collapses  as a result of - and therefore indicating - the decrease in pressure within the magma chamber.
As all hope is nearly lost.
The crust collapse seals the chamber.
A titanic blast is prevented.
The film ends.
It turns out.
A looming cloud gets carried over the globe  engulfing the northern hemisphere of Earth  and as a result  plunging it into a volcanic winter.
The film ends the same way.
It started  only this time  the man is revealed to be Rick  shown.
He later flies to see.
What has happened that he has been studying all his life.
Is a frozen landscape resembling Antarctica   but he optimistically says.
What he sees.
Where no vegetation or animals are visible.
Although it is the ending  life would also begin as a result of this event.
Finally  the last scene shows the camera panning out showing the North American continent now a tundra.
Where Yellowstone erupted  eventually.
The cataclysmically large resulting landform caldera relative.
<EOS>
The film is during the Crimean War.
Witnessed. 
A veteran is unusual in the hierarchy of his day for having acquired his rank through promotion rather than purchase.
He looks with contempt on his colleagues.
Who are mostly aristocratic dilettantes casual.
Nolan s superior is the gruff Lord Cardigan.
Who treats the regiment.
Cardigan s men are typical   they endure squalid living conditions and are punished mercilessly for the slightest missteps in their duties.
Well-Equipped and intensively trained.
Nolan soon gets.
Who is angry for ordering Moselle wine at a banquet where all guests were to drink champagne.
Meanwhile the Russian Empire invades lucrative territory.
Britain joins an alliance.
All are more interested.
The British forces are to be led.
Who proves a poor commander.
He made.
Campaign preparations begin he is preoccupied.
Allotting commands  requiring Lord Cardigan to lead the cavalry.
Captain Nolan  enlisted  is glad to get away from England  it gives him an escape from the morally uneasy affair.
He has been having  the wife of his best friend William.
Also traveling is a minor officer s wife named Fanny Duberly.
Who wants to observe battle firsthand.
Britain and its ally France sail through miserable weather.
Where they march inland to meet occupying Russian forces.
The British forces are ravaged by cholera  an occurrence met with palpable indifference by their commanders.
Captain Nolan   is frightened to see the army s organization all but fall apart.
No friend.
Men are consumed.
British and French forces win their first battle.
When the outbreak passes.
Lord Raglan refuses to use.
The cavalry to press his advantage  so concerned is he.
Russian forces escape to and reinforce Sebastopol  turning.
What could have been a quick capture.
Back the press lies.
The city has fallen  and produces prodigious amounts over the humbling of Russia.
He has docked nearby to hold formal dinners  at one.
The siege progresses Lord Cardigan retires nightly.
Which he seduces Mrs Duberly.
Captain Nolan has been growing increasingly exasperated.
Has caused needless death and delay.
His emotions reach a tipping point.
When a Russian raiding party captures an improperly-defended British fortification  stealing several pieces in the process.
Lord Raglan is slow to realize.
What is happening.
Nolan practically demands.
He take steps to recover the valuable equipment.
The first order is so badly worded.
Raglan sends out.
The cavalry leaders interpret it.
Nolan secures another  delivers it personally  and gains permission to ride.
They chase the Russians.
One contains the escaping raiders  the other an artillery battery and a sizable reserve.
It happens the brigadiers are.
Lord Raglan did not bother to mention this.
The lay is obvious from his high vantage point.
Cardigan   can only see the valley with the cannons.
He is uncertain.
Why Raglan wants him to ride  but with Nolan goading him on he decides to obey his orders.
Lord Raglan sees the cavalry charge into the wrong valley.
Where it is torn apart.
Nolan realizes his mistake halfway through  but is killed.
He can warn Cardigan.
The Light Brigade rides  and then retreats.
Nothing has been achieved  many men have been killed.
Most are wounded.
Lord Cardigan  ironically  is unharmed.
He  Raglan  and Lucan immediately begin arguing about.
Who must take the blame.
The brigadiers limp back.
They bicker.
Other soldiers emerge to euthanize the wounded horses littering the battlefield.
<EOS>
Siyama is the story.
Who are transported back to ancient Ayutthaya  in the midst of a vicious civil war.
<EOS>
A woman is.
She is stabbed.
She discovers his body.
Her body is dragged.
Bob and his parents  Norman and Lucy Boyle  are moving.
Norman s ex-colleague  Dr Peterson   was the previous owner.
Who murdered his mistress.
The Boyles are to stay there  whilst Norman researches old houses.
Bob looks at a photograph of a house and sees a girl in it.
Who warns him to stay away.
Boston  Bob waits in his parents  car.
They collect keys.
The girl appears across the street.
The girl  Mae  psychically warns Bob to stay away.
Mrs Gittelson is annoyed.
When her colleague hands the couple the Freudstein keys.
She insists.
It is called Oak Mansion.
Gittelson promises to find a babysitter.
Oak Mansion is.
The cellar door is locked and nailed shut.
A woman arrives and introduces herself.
That night  Norman hears noises and finds Anne unblocking the cellar door.
The next day  Norman goes.
The assistant librarian  Daniel Douglas  informs Norman.
Peterson conducted private research.
He studied records.
Mae shows Bob.
A tombstone marked Mary Freudstein and says she is not really dead.
Indoors  Lucy finds the tombstone.
He reassures her.
When Norman returns.
Some old houses have indoor tombs.
Norman opens the cellar door and walks down the stairs only be attacked.
He stabs.
Spooked  the family drives down and demands to be re-housed  but are told.
It will be few more days before they can move.
Gittelson arrives.
The Boyles are to treat Norman s injuries from the bat.
Letting herself  she stands by the Freudstein tombstone.
Cracks apart  pinning her ankle.
A figure emerges  stabs her  and drags her into the cellar.
The next morning  Lucy finds Anne cleaning a bloodstain.
Anne eludes Lucy s questions.
Norman tells Lucy.
He s discovered that Freudstein was a Victorian surgeon who conducted illegal experiments.
Norman must travel to research Freudstein.
Norman drops by the library and finds a cassette of Peterson.
Explains Freudstein killed his family.
Anne goes  but is decapitated by Freudstein.
Bob sees Anne s head.
Exits screaming.
Lucy refuses to believe Bob s tale.
That evening  Bob returns.
Lucy hears.
Bob s cries and tries to open the cellar door.
Norman returns and attacks it.
When she can not open the door.
The rotting hands appear and restrain Bob.
One axe blow chops.
He staggers away  holding Bob.
The cellar contains mutilated bodies  surgical equipment and a slab.
Freudstein is a living corpse.
Norman tells Lucy the 150-year-old Freudstein lives.
Norman attacks Freudstein.
The ghoul twists the axe away.
He grabs a knife and stabs Freudstein.
Freudstein picks up Norman and rips his throat out.
Lucy and Bob climb a ladder leading.
Lucy strains to shift the stone.
Freudstein grabs her.
Freudstein kills Lucy.
Bob strains to escape.
Suddenly  Bob is yanked upwards and finds Mae.
Is her mother  Mary Freudstein.
Who urges them to leave.
Freudstein leads Mae and Bob into a netherworld of ghosts and sadness.
<EOS>
The movie starts off.
They find Belinda s brother and his son staying.
When they get.
The boys was a poodle named Bella.
Zeus immediately has a crush.
George tries to have the best Christmas ever.
Meanwhile  Ted and Stewey are.
They steal it.
They accidentally leave it.
Where Gary lets Zeus buy it.
Ted and Stewey kidnap Bella  so Zeus goes.
The family finds the dogs.
London James gets her necklace back  Ted and Stewey are arrested.
Zeus and Bella becomes a couple.
<EOS>
Orphaned.
When his parents were brutally murdered.
But waking moments confirm his worst fears.
Soon Alex is trapped  lies  and fear.
Reality fades.
He is left alone to fight the relentless force that haunts his Deadly Dreams.
<EOS>
The film is set in 1964 and focuses on Selma Jezkova  a Czech immigrant.
Who has moved with her son  Gene Jezek.
They live a life.
Selma works.
She rents a trailer home.
She is also pursued.
Who also works.
Is. 
What no one knows.
She has a hereditary degenerative disease which is gradually causing her to go blind.
She has been saving up every penny.
She makes to pay.
To escape the misery Selma accompanies Cvalda to the local cinema.
Where together they watch fabulous Hollywood musicals.
Selma slips into daydreams or perhaps a trance-like state.
When things are too boring or upsetting.
Where she imagines the ordinary circumstances and individuals have erupted into elaborate musical theater numbers.
These songs   use some sort as an underlying rhythm.
Do many.
Unfortunately  Selma slips.
Soon Jeff and Cvalda begin to realize.
Selma can barely see at all.
Additionally  Bill reveals.
He is behind is going to take his house.
He asks Selma.
She declines.
He regrets telling Selma his secret.
To comfort Bill  Selma reveals her secret blindness  hoping.
Together they can keep each other s secret.
Bill then hides  knowing.
She ca nt see him  and watches as she puts some money.
The next day   Selma is fired from her job.
Away she finds  she goes next door to report the theft only to hear Linda discussing.
When she comes home to put her final wages.
The tin is empty.
Bill has brought home their safe deposit box to count their savings.
Linda additionally reveals.
Bill has confessed his affair  and that Selma must move out immediately.
Knowing  she confronts him and attempts to take the money back.
Bill was broke and that the money he is counting must be hers.
He draws a gun.
He is wounded.
Linda discovers the two and  assuming  runs off to tell the police at Bill s command.
Selma is attempting to steal the money.
Bill then begs Selma to take his life  telling her.
This will be the only way she will ever reclaim the money that he stole.
Selma shoots several times.
Due blindness manages to only maim Bill further.
She performs a coup de grace with the safe deposit box.
Selma slips into a trance and imagines.
Bill s corpse stands up and slow dances  urging her to run to freedom.
She does  and takes the money to pay for her son s operation.
The police can take it.
Selma is caught and eventually put.
It is here.
She is pegged.
She refuses to reveal Bill s secret  saying.
She tells as she can.
She had promised not to.
Additionally   she is convicted and given the death penalty.
When her claim that the reason she did nt have any money was because she had been sending it is proven false.
Cvalda and Jeff eventually put the pieces together and get back Selma s money  using it instead to pay for a trial lawyer.
Who can free her.
Selma becomes furious and refuses the lawyer  opting to face the death penalty rather than let her son go blind.
She is deeply distraught.
She awaits her death.
The other state officials show no feelings and are eager to see her executed.
A sympathetic female prison guard named Brenda tries to comfort her.
Brenda encourages Selma to walk.
Selma goes to hug the other men on death row while singing to them.
However   she becomes terrified.
That she must be strapped.
Her hysteria delays the execution.
When the hood is placed.
Selma begins crying hysterically.
Brenda cries  but Cvalda rushes to inform her.
The operation was successful and that Gene will see.
Relieved  Selma sings the final song.
She is hanged before she finishes.
A curtain is then drawn   They say  you.
The missing part shows on the screen.
It s the last song/They do nt know us.
S only the last song/If we let it be.
<EOS>
The film s protagonists are three Pakistani brothers  the older one being a police officer and the younger two  small-time hoodlums.
The three brothers ultimately reconcile  in a dramatized version of the Islamabad police firing on a mob on February 12 .
When five demonstrators were killed.
83 injured  their younger sister is killed while demonstrating against Rushdie.
The three brothers decide to avenge her and Islam s honor.
They receive the help.
Salman Rushdie  played  is portrayed in the film as a criminal mastermind  working for an international organization devoted to destroying Islam.
He is depicted.
Saeed Khan Rangeela stars.
The fictionalized Rushdie routinely amuses himself.
Who regularly try to hunt him down.
He also enjoys torturing Muslims.
La Vengeance dIslamabad  Le Nouvel observateur  26 June.
<EOS>
The Ark  a Cybertronian spacecraft carrying an invention capable of ending the war between the benevolent Autobots and the malevolent Decepticons  crash lands on the dark side of Earth s Moon.
The crash is detected by NASA  and President John F.
Kennedy authorizes a mission to put a man as a cover for investigating the craft.
The crew of Apollo 11 lands on the Moon.
The Autobots assist the United States military in preventing conflicts around the globe.
To investigate suspected alien technology  Optimus Prime finds a fuel cell from the Ark  discovering.
It had survived its journey.
The Autobots are attacked.
Who manages to escape.
The Autobots travel there to explore the Ark.
They discover a comatose Sentinel Prime - Optimus  predecessor - and the Pillars.
He created.
Optimus uses the energy of his Matrix of Leadership to revive Sentinel Prime.
Meanwhile  Sam Witwicky is frustrated.
He is unable to work or find a job.
He also becomes envious.
Sam is provided information by his eccentric co-worker Jerry Wang about the Ark.
Jerry is assassinated.
Sam contacts the now-independently wealthy Seymour Simmons.
Together they realize.
The Decepticons and their leader  Megatron  are murdering people connected to the Ark.
They locate two surviving Russian cosmonauts.
Who reveal satellite photos.
Sam realizes.
The Decepticons raided the Ark long.
The Autobots rush to return Sentinel.
Sentinel betrays them and kills the Autobot Ironhide  revealing.
He had made a deal to ensure the survival of the Cybertronian race.
Sentinel uses the Pillars to transport hundreds from the Moon to Earth.
Carly is captured.
Who is revealed to be.
The Autobots are exiled at the demand of the Decepticons to avoid war.
It is destroyed  seemingly killing the Autobots.
Their ship leaves Earth.
The Decepticons  led  seize Chicago as their agents place Pillars around the world.
Gould reveals to Carly.
The Decepticons plan to transport their homeworld to the Milky Way  then to enslave humanity and use Earth s resources to rebuild their world.
Sam teams to go into Chicago to save Carly.
They are nearly killed before the Autobots intervene  revealing they concealed themselves during the launch of their ship to convince the Decepticons.
They were destroyed.
Working together  the Autobots and human soldiers manage to rescue Carly and destroy Laserbeak  Starscream  Soundwave  Barricade  and Shockwave  the Space Bridge.
Sam confronts Gould.
He reactivates the Control Pillar  and knocks Gould  electrocuting him.
Bumblebee and Ratchet arrive and destroy the Control Pillar  permanently disabling the Bridge and causing the partially transported Cybertron to implode.
Optimus and Sentinel fight.
Carly convinces Megatron that he will be replaced by Sentinel.
Sentinel severs Optimus  right arm  and is about to execute him.
When Megatron intervenes  incapacitating Sentinel.
Megatron invokes Optimus  having the desire to become the one-in-charge again.
Optimus refuses and attacks Megatron  decapitating and killing him.
Sentinel pleads executes him too  for betraying his own principles.
Carly and Sam are reunited.
The Decepticons defeated.
The Autobots accept.
Earth is now their home.
<EOS>
What is the largest part.
<EOS>
It is the old west.
The Dillon clan are making life miserable.
Sweetheart Nell and her dashing but dimwitted boyfriend Elmer rushes off to find help.
Meanwhile  cavalrymen the Stooges are making life miserable.
Mullins tries to whip the boys.
His plan backfire and has a.
Daley informs Mullins  and needs some men to run them out of town.
Mullins does not miss a beat.
Volunteers the unsuspecting Stooges.
The trio are made up to look  and happen upon the town saloon.
They take jobs and do their best to spy on Dillion and his hombres without being discovered However  Moe s mustache flies off his face  right onto Dillion s nose.
The gang tie up Moe and Larry  and manage to corner Shemp.
Elmer is stumbling his way.
This is going on.
Who are temporarily unavailable.
Disillusioned  Elmer returns to rescue his Nell.
Who is busy knocking every cowboy who enters her room out cold.
Eventually  the Stooges emerge victorious.
Nell and Elmer settle down.
Elmer  convinced that he s better off riding alone  gets a glass jug.
<EOS>
Captain Douglas is a BP employee seconded to the Royal Engineers to oversee handling incoming fuel supplies for the British 8th Army.
A Popski s Private Army-style colonel is told.
He must have a regular officer to lead one on a dangerous mission to destroy an Afrika Korps fuel depot.
Douglas is chosen.
He is only a port contractor.
Douglas s C.
O.
Dismisses his pleas noting and therefore can not disobey the order.
He is wearing a British Army officer s uniform.
So Douglas departs.
What first seems when he is taken to a Senussi cafe  which is a front for Masters HQ.
Leech  a convicted criminal rescued by Masters to lead his unit s sabotage missions  directs Douglas to Masters office.
Next day   leads the unit out into the desert disguised as an Italian Army patrol.
The unit is made up.
Have been released.
Greek narcotics smuggler Kafkarides  Cypriot smuggler Kostas Manou  Tunisian terrorist Sadok  rapist Boudesh and two simple-minded Senussi tribesmen Hassan and Assine.
The group comes.
Leech suggests going back.
Douglas wants to tow the vehicles up the cliff.
Order to avoid an incoming German patrol.
The first two vehicles make it up  but Leech refuses to unload the third one  the cable snaps.
The truck and its supplies are lost.
The group is unaware.
Brigadier Blore had sent  and that the mercenaries are merely a decoy to flush out German defenses so that the larger group could accomplish the mission and get all the glory.
The offical group encounters a German patrol.
The mercenaries are.
Leech keeps Douglas.
Who get massacred.
To survive you watch  listen  and say nothing.
The mercenaries encounter a sandstorm and rocky terrain  they ve changed their tires eight times and are out.
They come  and decide to take the tires off it and use them on their own vehicles.
Douglas is about to pick up a jack to remove the vehicle s tires.
Leech warns him.
It may be wired.
He calls Sadok over.
Who finds that it is indeed wired and begins to neutralize it.
However  Assine and Hassan are looting the corpses  Hassan sets off a bomb and gets badly injured.
The group gets their tires and drive off.
Assine tells them to stop.
They continue their journey.
Hassan will die if they continue.
Douglas points out.
There is a German supply road 20 miles ahead.
They continue.
Sadok pretends to be injured  stopping a Red Cross vehicle.
When they reach the supply road.
Douglas shoots them.
When two unarmed medics get out.
He and Leech get.
Sadok climbs.
Leech and Douglas hear shouting.
He says.
When Douglas checks it out.
It s only a nurse.
Leech and Douglas drive the truck.
Sadok and a German nurse are fighting.
When they open the rear.
Leech knocks her down and prepares to kill her.
When Douglas tells him that she could give Hassan much-needed medical assistance.
Three try to rape her  however  Hassan saves her by shooting one of them in the rear with his pistol.
The nurse is seeing.
Leech and Douglas hear the gunshot and run over  only to see the nurse dressing the bullet wound.
The group finally reaches the fuel depot.
Having bound and gagged the nurse in the truck next to Hassan  they adventure out to destroy the depot.
However  they find.
The depot was actually a decoy set up.
The mercenaries gather.
Leech tells them.
The mission is done.
Douglas  however  wants to find the real depot.
The rest refuse to go along with him.
He reluctantly leaves.
Back  Blore shows Masters area photographs  and wants the depots for their own use.
Show that the fuel depot was not destroyed  and that that is exactly what they wanted.
The British Army is advancing.
Unable to contact the mercenaries  Masters and Blore leak their mission.
Leech tells Douglas.
The only reason he is still alive is because Masters promised him # 2000 to bring him back alive.
The two find  and decide to destroy it.
The real fuel depot is.
They can steal a boat.
The mercenaries  dressed  sneak into the depot.
However  Blore and Masters leak their plan.
The Germans become aware.
All get gunned down.
They are able to cause a lot with their explosives.
The nurse  still tied  tries to communicate with Hassan through her gag.
This is going on.
Suddenly  Hassan coughs up blood  screams Assine.
Both the nurse and Hassan presumably die shortly.
Leech and Douglas  the only two surviving members  and hiding in a building.
When British tanks and infantry crash.
Still disguised  they improvise a white flag and walk into the street with their arms up  only to both be shot to death by a trigger-happy British soldier.
Who did nt see the white flag.
<EOS>
Four homeless art students move.
Where a hidden terror lurks.
The movie begins.
There is a television news broadcast.
To lay off the spliffs  she s off riding her bike.
Where she is drawing a nude woman.
Luke is walking down the school hall to meet up to go squat.
Both walking  they meet up with Toby and Zoe  all packing the van to go searching for a vacant home to squat.
They all discuss the legality and.
Driving. 
What they will be doing.
They quickly discover.
When they arrive.
The residence is too secured and decide to drive around to find a new place.
They drive up  break in  and quickly make themselves at home.
Trying to turn  Toby and Zoe have a quick sex scene.
Toby bumps fall out.
Molly and Luke quickly recognize.
Zoe dances from the wardrobe.
There is blood.
Everyone is then freaked out and want to leave.
Toby suggests sleeping the night and leaving.
Everyone agrees.
They discover.
The tools are now missing.
They used to break in.
They discover.
Their phones are also missing.
There is no possible way.
They quickly come.
They are not alone.
They discover a dank room.
Going back they slept in the night.
They notice a tiny hole.
They begin yelling.
When they see a patrol officer.
A door quickly slams shut.
A gas begins to seep and knocks all four of them out.
Toby is missing.
They awake.
The remaining three frantically start looking.
Zoe cuts her leg.
Looking. 
The films cuts to Toby sitting in the dank room.
A rubber gloved.
Hand covers his mouth.
Back  Molly asks Zoe to show her.
Where she cut her leg.
She brings them.
Luke and Molly move.
The locker and a horrible smell is omitted.
Luke stands.
We are to assume.
We do not see him enter the whole.
He did as we get a glimpse.
The film cuts back.
He is now tied.
He is thrashing to break free.
A man quickly enters the room and gives him a sedative.
Knocks him out.
The film cuts back.
Zoe starts to verbally assault Luke and asks him.
What he saw  that he looked shaken up.
Luke claims  then confesses.
He saw nothing.
He saw mutilated body parts.
Zoe and Molly are disturbed.
Zoe walks back and peeks inside.
Molly and Luke are talking.
They rush.
Luke and Molly realize Zoe is not.
As Zoe is being dragged.
Luke tells Molly not to look around.
Molly and Luke are now.
It is gorey.
The film cuts.
She can see the man cut out Toby s eye and put it in a jar.
The man then walks.
She asks.
She pleads.
Is he doing his.
He mumbles.
He exams Zoe s cut leg  leaves the room  and then returns.
The film cuts back.
They find a key to the fuse box.
The lights start to flicker.
Luke opens the box and stats turning.
Annoyed  the man leaves Zoe to deal with Molly and Luke.
Luke is hiding.
When he sees the hazmat suited man walk past slowly.
Luke and Molly attack the man only to find and put Toby in the suit.
The hazmat suited man tricked them.
Toby quickly dies.
The old man appears with the sleepIng gas.
Luke is dragged off.
Molly tries to drag herself away.
Molly passes out.
The film cuts back.
Who has almost freed herself.
He slaps her and begins to quickly cut her leg off.
Molly awakes and is.
She sees the old man looking through a room but does not try to escape.
She leaves the room and returns.
Where they spent the first night.
She begins removing two stair railings and starts to break the stairs.
She is then.
When the old man comes in and knocks her out.
She is tied.
When she awakes.
The man is about to cut her chest.
When he realizes he has no water.
Going upstairs to get water  the stairs Molly previously began.
Destroying is starting to give way.
The man returns and attempts to cut Molly s chest.
He hears a noise upstairs and goes to check it out  leaving the scalpel.
Molly grabs the scalpel and begins to cut herself free.
He falls  Molly grabs a wooden object and hits him in the head  knocking him out.
The man comes down the stairs.
She grabs his keys and begins running.
Entering a room  she sees Luke.
The old man awakes and begins to get free.
Molly runs.
What looks and finds a door out with a few locks.
Fumbling  she can not get the locks openned quick enough.
The old man is.
She hides.
The man looks around.
She sees a few newspaper articles.
A father was beaten.
A few identification cards showing the old man was or is a surgeon.
The man enters the same room.
Molly is.
She has already snuck out and returned to unlock it.
The old man is standing.
When he hears the jingle is using to try and get free.
The man quickly approaches Molly and attacks her.
The movie goes silent.
The movie is showing her struggle.
He drags her though the house and throws her.
The sound returns is a TV.
Molly is locked.
Is knocked down and showing only static.
She hears a sound and starts to see.
There is another person.
It is the girl.
She is clearly exhibiting animal instincts.
The girl attacks.
Molly and the movie ends.
<EOS>
It is father s admiration.
All is Catherine.
The four characters are connected.
Shiva is the ` God Father.
He gives utmost needs.
He is.
He is a top man.
The hiccup is from Ajay.
One is growing.
A ` God Father  and the other one is growing.
Ajay wants to take revenge on his father.
So he troubles Vijay.
He gets up to open his third eye.
When the situation goes.
This Shiva flash back is the biggest draw.
One behaves like a female character.
He is an excellent dancer.
He is considered as impotent and eunuch.
Sujatha looking the dance video agrees for marriage.
She comes straight.
The height.
Shiva faces.
He rapes Sujatha.
The result is the birth - Vijay and Ajay.
Ajay is sick.
He wants to kill his father Shiva.
He barges.
Where he is revealed the truth.
` God Father  is gunned down.
<EOS>
Tony does anything.
He met a young girl named Niharika while being kidnapped.
When tony went.
He falls with her and then rescues her.
But tony found out.
Niharika was already engaged.
Rakesh is a goon.
Niharika does nt know that.
She dumped him.
When Niharika found out that he was a goon.
And she also came to know.
She is.
Kills Rakesh and captures his son DSP Jr.
Later.
When Tony  Niharika  and Chitra go.
And then there is a flashback.
She lost her memory.
That happened.
Niharika s brother was an undercover cop and when goons found out they killed the whole family.
The only one was niharika.
Who survived.
She had a bullet.
The doctors said.
She would lose her memory soon.
So  she tells Tony to kill the people.
Who killed her family because she had seen Tony beating up a bunch.
Tony kills all the goons.
Who killed Niharika s family.
<EOS>
The US Navy nuclear-powered attack submarine USS Jimmy Carter is attacked.
Stalks and disables the Seawolf-class.
The underwater Arctic research complex Hubris witnesses the attack and reports a rapid rise.
Threatens to melt the ice cap and flood the world s land surface.
Hubris director Dr Ann Fletcher is dismissed.
When she urges caution and her archrival Dr Chomsky pushes.
Contact is lost  Dr Fletcher is asked to participate in a follow-up expedition   by her ex-husband  Navy Captain Andy Raines.
Also includes Chomsky.
The expedition finds.
The Hubris complex is completely intact.
Its personnel have been incinerated.
<EOS>
This sequel is set after the original Timecop.
The Time Enforcement Commission  the agency  is still working strong.
Monitors time travel.
However   a Historical Society of Authenticity is established to ensure.
TEC personnel do not alter history.
However  the Society s leader  Brandon Miller  believes.
He has the responsibility to change history and plans to do so by traveling back to Berlin during the Nazi era and killing Adolf Hitler to make the world better.
Ryan Chan is sent to stop him.
Ensues. 
When she attempts to shoot Hitler.
Miller is arrested and put for trying to change history.
Ryan Chan has been arresting Miller s close Society members.
However  one  on his own  attempts to visit his younger self and violates the physical law.
Same matter ca nt occupy the same space.
The TEC officer comes back to present day.
A key Brandon Miller Society associate was nt arrested.
It allows Miller to be sprung.
Miller then sets out to eliminate all TEC operatives.
That they never even existed.
That way he would effectively prevent anyone.
Eventually  Ryan Chan is the only one left.
Can stop Miller before he gets.
<EOS>
American soldiers prepare to land on Omaha Beach.
They struggle.
Cut down many.
Captain John H.
Miller  the company commander  survives the initial landing and assembles a group of soldiers to penetrate the German defenses  leading to a breakout from the beach.
C.
General George Marshall is informed.
Three have all died within days of each other and that their mother will receive all three telegrams on the same day.
He learns.
The fourth son  Private First Class James Francis Ryan  101st Airborne Division is missing in action somewhere in Normandy.
That Ryan be found and sent home immediately.
Three days after D-Day  Miller receives orders to find Ryan.
He assembles six men  plus one detailed from the 29th Infantry Division  a clerk.
Who speaks fluent French and German  to accomplish the task.
Miller and his men move out to Neuville.
They meet a platoon from the.
Caparzo is wounded by a sniper in the chest  and slowly bleeds to death.
Nobody can go out.
Jackson is able to kill the sniper.
Caparzo dies.
They locate a Private James Frederick Ryan  but soon realize.
He s not their man.
They find a member.
Who informs them that his drop zone was and that Baker and Charlie companies had the same rally point.
Miller locates a friend.
They reach it.
Who reveals that Ryan is defending a strategically important bridge in the town of Ramelle.
Miller decides to take the opportunity to neutralize a small German machine gun position close to an abandoned radar station  despite the misgivings of his men.
Wade  their medic  is fatally wounded.
The last surviving German  known only  incurs the wrath of all the squad members except Upham.
Who protests about letting the squad shoot the German soldier.
The German pleads decides to let him walk away  blindfolded  and surrender himself to the next Allied patrol.
Viewing Miller s decision  Reiben declares his intention to desert the squad and the mission  prompting a confrontation with Horvath.
The argument heats up.
Miller defuses the situation.
Reiben then reluctantly decides to stay.
The squad finally arrives.
Where they come.
Is Ryan.
Ryan is told of his brothers  deaths  and their mission to bring him home.
That two lives had been lost to find him.
Miller decides to take command and defend the bridge.
What little manpower and resources are available.
The Germans arrive with more than 50 men supported by armor.
Most of the Americans -- including Jackson  Mellish  and Horvath -- are killed.
Miller is shot and mortally wounded.
Attempting to blow the bridge.
An American P-51 Mustang flies over and destroys it.
Before a Tiger reaches the bridge.
Who rout the remaining Germans.
Upham   comes out.
Who was cut off next to the advancing Germans.
Them to drop their weapons.
The Germans comply.
Upham summarily executes Steamboat Willie.
When the latter recognizes him.
Ryan  Reiben  and Upham are the only surviving Americans.
Ryan is  earn this.
He dies and says his last words  James.
Earn it.
Ryan  now an elderly veteran  and his family visit the Normandy American Cemetery and Memorial at Colleville-sur-mer  Normandy  France.
Ryan stands.
He asks his wife to confirm and thus worthy.
He has led a good life and that he is a good man.
He then salutes Miller s grave.
<EOS>
Dave Goodwin  Sam Schecter  and Jeff Davis are best friends.
Who spent almost four years scamming their way through college  and for the most part  get away with it.
Their schemes are foiled  after witnessing Dave cheating on an exam.
As they are about to graduate.
Ethan threatens to expose the trio.
They try to hook him up.
But things go wrong.
When Angela and Dave fall.
Ethan sabotages Dave and Angela s relationship.
Dave paid to take her out.
Dave convinces the guys to help him get revenage.
They sabotage his job interview and place a copy in his backpack to make it look.
He s cheating.
The guys get expelled  but Dave and Angela get back together.
Sam ends up.
<EOS>
Gopal is a skiing champion.
He meets Usha with the fake name Sarju.
Then they both fall.
One day  Usha tells Gopal.
She does not like the disabled.
It is better to die.
He will marry her.
Where his parents and a sister  Sarla  live.
He loses his a leg in a car accident.
Gopal becomes worried.
He tries to avoid her to go away.
He remembers the words.
He thinks.
Usha will not accept him as he is now disabled.
Then he goes back.
He does not tell anything.
Usha tries a lot to find him.
She begins to think and hence unable to contact her.
Gopal is.
Gopal s best friend  Ramesh  unknown story  wants to marry Usha.
At Usha s father accepts on her behalf.
Usha dutifully agrees as well.
But  one miracle happens in the form of Kashmir Houseboat owner Mangloo and initially Ramesh and then Usha find out.
Gopal and Sarju are not two persons  but one.
Then this situation forms the climax.
<EOS>
The plot follows the backstage dramas.
It struggles to produce a new work.
<EOS>
A young Polar Bear cub chases a bird and is captured.
He is spotted.
The bear  now grown up  looks up at a star before lying down to sleep.
The next day  a red haired girl named but accidentally drops her teddy bear.
Tilly is.
The bear wakes up and spots the teddy  paws and carries it off to his cave.
Tilly looks.
Later that night  Tilly cries.
Her mother attempts to give her a toy rabbit to use as a sleeping comfort.
Tilly takes.
The rabbit but then throws it and turns to sleep.
Later that night  a figure is seen walking -- it is the polar bear from the Zoo with her lost teddy bear.
Who lifts her window and enters her room.
The bear wakes Tilly up and returns her bear.
Tilly looks up surprised to see the polar bear looking and smiling.
Tilly then yawns and falls asleep again.
The bear then sleeps.
The following morning  Tilly wakes up and runs downstairs to get some food.
She finds.
When she runs up the stairs.
The bear has excreted.
Tilly cleans up the waste and empties it.
Cross  she then mops up the urine and watches on.
Tilly then moves the bear and runs a bath to wash him.
He soaks Tilly  she washes the bear.
Tilly dries and brushes the bear and proceeds to feed him with honey.
The bear makes a mess and gets his nose stuck in the jar.
Eating the honey.
Tilly and the bear then go and sleep.
Tilly wakes up.
She hugs her mother.
They later sit down to watch The Snowman and heads out.
The bear walks in.
That night  the bear hides.
She is put by her mother.
Tilly falls asleep and moves over.
The bear climbs.
A gush knocks a snowglobe from Tilly s bedside table  attracting the bear s attention  seeing the mother bear and cub looking back at him.
Who looks.
Tilly follows the bear.
Where he looks.
The pair move.
Where they meet the Star Bear  which is a bear shaped constellation and the trio embark  showing a wide variety of notable landmarks such as Nelson s Column  and bringing a display of Christmas angels to life with a Father Christmas display also coming to life.
The trio then skate and travel further to the London Docks.
Where a ship cuts where Tilly is left stranded but is saved by the bear before the moving ship passes.
The Star Bear looks up.
What maybe the North Star and the bear looks.
They tearfully say goodbye and the bear returns.
The Star Bear returns home.
Who has been given a shining star.
The Tower is seen.
The bear pen looks on in amazement.
The polar bear returns to find his family waiting for him.
Tilly wakes up looking.
The Sun rises the next morning.
To find.
The Star Bear s constellation is fading.
The shining star vanishes.
It does.
She wonders.
<EOS>
Phil  reunites by inviting them to a fake engagement party.
This has the potential.
Gene once stole Rob s girlfriend.
Phil gets them to be friends again.
He tells them.
All three decide to go.
<EOS>
Sith apprentice Lord Rive  is tasked to battle another apprentice  Darth Blight  as a final test determining.
Who would serve.
The two would-be Sith clash violently.
Oz watches.
Rive s weapon is severed in two.
Blight loses his saber.
A quick brawl later and the two engage with the two halves of Rive s saber.
It ends.
Darth Oz appears.
They die.
Consumed at his failure to procure a permanent apprentice  he electrocutes the bodies of the two failed apprentices with Force Lightning.
<EOS>
Twin sisters Melanie and Allyson Porter travel to Paris to visit their Grandpa Edward  the U.
S.
Ambassador.
Expecting a great time  they instead end up with his no-nonsense assistant  Jeremy Bluff  chaperoning them.
They befriend Brigitte  a beautiful French fashion model  and fall.
There. 
The girls find various ways  so they can spend time cruising around the city on mopeds with the boys.
Absorbing all the sights and sounds end up in police custody  along with Jean and Michel  for trespassing on private property.
The girls are hastily forbidden by Grandpa Edward to see the boys again.
So they challenge the French Foreign Minister  Monsieur De Beauvoir   and manage to convince him to accept an important proposal  concerning clean drinking water for the Embassy.
Was established.
This puts Melanie and Allyson back.
He allows them to once again see Jean and Michel - even allowing all four to attend a dance together.
Where they have their first kiss.
Finally   Grandpa Edward decides to take a much-needed break  and accompany them  the intention being to spend time with his family  back in the United States.
When the time comes to return home.
<EOS>
Maggie Singer is an obsessive  superstitious and moderately psychic woman.
Who has premonitions.
The mother.
Only one of which still lives  she is getting.
Her family gathers and attempts to find out.
When she learns that there has been a terrorist explosion where one of her sons  Percival  is stationed with the Marines.
What has happened.
<EOS>
A Brooklyn garage band  General Malacarne  survives a radioactive event and have to battle.
What they believe is the safe haven.
<EOS>
The daughter fails to return home one night.
Her family worries  make searches and evolves.
So because she is the only bread winner.
Overcoming the economic and social constraints  the film has a deep underlining.
<EOS>
Set  Suddenly  Last Summer tells the story of Catherine Holly  a young woman institutionalized for a severe emotional disturbance.
Occurred when her cousin  Sebastian Venable  died while they were on summer holiday in Europe.
The late Sebastian s wealthy mother  Violet Venable  makes every effort to deny and suppress the potentially sordid truth.
She attempts to bribe the state hospital s administrator  Dr Lawrence Hockstader  by offering to finance a new wing for the underfunded facility  thereby removing any chance.
He will coerce his brilliant young surgeon  Dr John Cukrowicz.
The events surrounding her son s death might be revealed.
Mrs Venable meets at her estate to discuss her niece s case.
Their conversation eventually turns.
Mrs Venable describes him.
Whose art was his sole occupation - even though he only wrote a single poem each year and never published his work.
Cukrowicz agrees to visit Catherine and begin his evaluation.
Catherine has been confined since returning from Europe several months earlier.
She struggles to recall the specific events.
When Cukrowicz interviews her.
Led  but expresses a sincere desire to do so.
Beginning to doubt  Cukrowicz decides to move Catherine.
She has lost her mind.
Catherine s mother  Grace  and brother  George  pay her a visit there and reveal.
Sebastian has left them a considerable sum.
Unfortunately  Mrs Venable will not give them the inheritance.
They sign papers to commit Catherine and allow a lobotomy to be performed.
Alarmed  Catherine tries to escape.
She accidentally wanders.
She is forced to fight her way back past the men  and returns to her room in defeat.
Who are trying to climb up and grope her.
Later  Mrs Venable drops by to check.
The doctor persuades her to meet Catherine face to face.
Catherine tries to get her aunt to reveal the true nature of her relationship with Sebastian and the reason and Catherine chosen to take her place as his traveling companion  vaguely hinting.
She was left behind.
Sebastian used them and that they procured for him.
Mrs Venable responds by fainting.
Using this opportunity to slip away  Catherine finds another catwalk.
Runs. 
She climbs the railing and leans out precipitously  considering the jump.
An orderly comes up  drags her back to her room and sedates her.
She can release her hold.
Cukrowicz brings her to the Venable estate.
Where he administers a truth serum that will allow her to overcome any resistance.
Of whom have gathered.
She recalls.
She and Sebastian spent their days in the Spanish town of Cabeza de Lobo.
He drags her reluctantly into the water  causing the fabric of her white bathing suit to become transparent.
A group.
Who had been watching her.
Catherine comes to realize.
He is using her to attract these boys in order to proposition them.
Sebastian is successful  however  he gradually becomes fed up with the dark ones and  being famished for blondes  makes plans to depart for the northern countries.
The boys are desperate.
One scorching white-hot day  Sebastian and Catherine are beset.
They take up pursuit.
When Sebastian rejects them.
Sebastian attempts to flee.
The boys swarm around him.
He is finally cornered.
Catherine has been frantically trying to catch up with Sebastian.
She reaches him only to see him overwhelmed by the boys.
They begin to tear him apart and eat his flesh.
She screams  to no avail.
The film returns.
Who has collapsed.
Her mind undone  Mrs Venable closes Sebastian s last book of poems  the pages of  then slowly rises from her seat and takes Cukrowicz s arm.
Are blank.
Calling him Sebastian  she tells him not to be and.
They should go and inform the captain that they want to leave.
Mrs Venable is led away.
Cukrowicz returns to check.
Who has recovered.
They both walk together.
<EOS>
Niccolo is a successful Italian filmmaker searching to inspire his next film and perhaps fill the romantic void left by his recent divorce.
He answers the phone and speaks briefly with a young woman named Mavi Luppis.
Who is looking to make an appointment.
She recognized.
His name and something sparks his imagination.
He notes her name and address.
A few days later invites her.
Where they make love.
Sometime later  Niccolo receives a mysterious phone call.
Niccolo meets.
Who warns him.
Niccolo tells Mavi about the stooge.
Who threatened him.
Mavi does nt know.
Who it could be.
Wondering  Niccolo asks Mavi to introduce him.
Who is.
They go.
Where she s greeted  including an older gentleman who stops her on the stairs and talks with her.
Afterwards Mavi informs Niccolo.
She feels uncomfortable and asks to leave.
Mavi takes Niccolo given by some of her wealthy friends.
Niccolo finds the aristo crowd cold and cliquish.
Mavi makes the rounds talking  including a beautiful young blonde woman.
Niccolo grows suspicious  believing.
She knows the identity.
Mavi assures him.
She is no longer  and that she is now with him.
Later she reveals.
The man she met at Dandini s was a family friend who she recently discovered was her father.
She recounts.
She avoided him not knowing who he was.
All the time he was unable to show his love.
Niccolo suspects.
Niccolo s sister is passed over.
The jealous suitor is now trying to get through his family.
Niccolo and Mavi drive out.
When he notices someone watching his house.
Where he s rented a farmhouse.
They encounter thick fog on the road.
Niccolo stops and gets out to investigate.
Mavi calls out.
He returns.
She feels.
They are being watched.
Niccolo drives off speeding.
They get.
Niccolo stops the car.
Mavi gets out and walks away  disappearing.
Niccolo goes out looking.
She s nowhere to be found.
He returns and finds her waiting inside.
Later that night they arrive.
Niccolo notes is slowing sinking beneath it.
They explore the ruins and disturb a large owl.
Flies off.
That night they argue.
His inability to tell her he loves her  later they make passionate love.
The next morning  Niccolo finds.
Mavi has disappeared.
Back he is unable to find her.
Passing a newstand  Niccolo recognizes the young blonde woman.
He goes.
Where he approaches her and learns that she once slept  but has nt seen her lately.
Sometime later  Niccolo meets a beautiful actress named Ida and drives her home.
Niccolo is attracted.
The night  he watches her the next morning riding a horse on the farm.
Where she s staying.
That evening Ida comes.
Arrives. 
They talk a floral arrangement.
Niccolo is still upset.
The next day Niccolo notices the stooge and confronts him.
A group look on.
Unfortunately  Niccolo is unable to press charges.
The stooge does nt reveal the name.
Ida goes off on her own looking for Mavi.
The next day she shows up with Mavi s picture in an article titled Europe s Woman Today.
Niccolo suspects.
Her father is.
He tracks down Mavi s address and waits at the apartment.
That night he sees her entering a woman s apartment and listens.
They talk.
Mavi watches.
Niccolo walks off.
Sometime later  Niccolo takes Ida to an open lagoon just outside the islands.
Ida observes  It s very beautiful  but sad.
They drift.
Niccolo asks her to marry him and they embrace.
Later they return.
Where Ida receives a phone call.
You re my love  she knows.
She tells Niccolo.
She will return.
Niccolo looks out.
Back sits on his windowsill looking up at the sun through a pair of sunglasses.
He closes his eyes and imagines a science fiction film.
He recalls telling his nephew  saying  The day mankind understands.
What the sun is made.
Its power  perhaps we ll understand the entire universe and the reasons.
His nephew responds  And then.
<EOS>
The film is based.
The elder Edith Bouvier Beale was the sister and was referred to as Big Edie  her daughter was referred to as Little Edie.
The Beale women were members  but in their later years  withdrew from the New York City life  taking shelter at their Long Island summer home/estate Grey Gardens.
Phelan Beale  eventually divorced Big Edie.
Little Edie decides to move to pursue a career in acting.
Little Edie sadly and slowly realizes.
Her fate is to remain her mother s companion.
The two women become reclusive and known as the highly eccentric proprietors of Grey Gardens.
Has become decrepit and full.
It includes the filming and events in the Beales  past including their arrival at the estate  the disintegration of Big Edie s marriage  Little Edie s failed attempts to have her own life.
Events subsequent.
The movie ends at the Reno Sweeney cabaret in Greenwich Village  and the quote  My mother gave me a truly priceless life.
<EOS>
Jason Bourne and Marie Kreutz are living in Goa  India.
Bourne continues to have flashbacks as a CIA assassin.
He writes.
Meanwhile   CIA agents subordinate to Deputy Director Pamela Landy are paying US$ 3 million for the Neski files  documents on the theft of $ 20 million in allocation money seven years earlier.
Russian Federal Security Service agent Kirill plants Bourne s fingerprint to frame him  kills the agents  and steals the files and money  giving them.
Kirill travels to Goa to kill Bourne.
Bourne spots him and flees.
Kirill attempts to shoot Bourne  but kills Marie.
The couple drive away.
Their vehicle goes  Kirill believes.
Bourne is dead.
Bourne survives and leaves with money and passports.
Landy learns.
It belongs and subsequently asks Deputy Director Ward Abbott about Operation Treadstone.
Landy tells Abbott.
The CIA agent who stole the $ 20 million was named.
Some years ago  Russian politician Vladimir Neski was about to identify the thief.
When he was supposedly murdered.
Landy believes  and assumes.
Bourne and the late Treadstone supervisor Alexander Conklin were somehow involved.
Bourne killed her two agents.
Both Abbott and Landy go to find Bourne and take him down.
Bourne allows himself to be identified by security.
He subdues his CIA interrogator  copies the SIM card  and learns from a subsequent phone.
Call and what she thinks Bourne did.
Bourne goes to visit the only other remaining Treadstone operative  Jarda.
Who informs Bourne that Treadstone was shut down.
Jarda tries to incapacitate Bourne.
An incoming CIA team arrives.
Bourne kills him  blows up his house  and escapes.
Bourne follows Landy and Abbott.
They meet former Treadstone support technician Nicky Parsons to question her.
Believing  Bourne calls Landy and is told.
The CIA is hunting him again.
He is being pursued because he killed two people -- though she is not referring to Bourne s recent flashbacks.
Bourne arranges to meet Nicky.
Where he kidnaps and interrogates her.
Abbott was the head.
He remembers.
He murdered Neski.
Parsons knows nothing.
Bourne visits the hotel -- he killed Neski.
Where the killing took place and remembers more.
He shot her to make it look.
When Neski s wife showed up.
Abbott kills his own assistant.
He suspects a conspiracy.
Abbott confesses.
Which Bourne was to be framed.
He commits suicide.
When Landy suspects Bourne s innocence and confronts Abbott.
Bourne sends the tape  vindicating himself.
Bourne goes to find Irena Neski  the daughter of Vladimir Neski.
Kirill tracks down Bourne and wounds him.
Bourne reaches.
A car and Kirill engages him  ending with Kirill s death after Bourne forces his car into a concrete divider.
Bourne locates Neski and apologizes.
Gretkov is arrested  using the evidence.
She got.
Some time later   she receives a phone call from Bourne  she expresses her thanks for the tape of Abbott s confession.
Telling Bourne his real name is David Webb and that he was born.
Bourne tells her.
She looks tired  indicating that he can see her  before hanging up and fading.
<EOS>
Filled  the film relates the story of Lt Hearn.
Who is an aide.
The General believes.
Commanding officers ought to inspire fear  in order to enforce discipline.
Hearn expresses distaste  preferring instead.
Soldiers should have mutual respect.
Hearn is eventually transferred to lead an intelligence and reconnaissance platoon.
The platoon had originally been led.
Who now must serve.
Croft is a professional soldier.
Hearn s relatively idealistic approach is contrasted.
Croft tricks him.
When Hearn considers abandoning the mission due.
This eventually leads.
Hearn himself is wounded.
Some head back  carrying Hearn on a stretcher.
Meanwhile  Croft presses onward.
Croft is killed.
His men accomplish their mission  relaying vital intelligence.
Hearn s men consider leaving him to die.
They can escape faster  but decide to continue carrying him despite the risk.
The survivors   make it back to headquarters.
Once there  Hearn tells the General.
The men who carried him did so out of love  not fear.
<EOS>
We see the murder by drowning of billionare Nerio Winch.
Nerio was the founder and majority shareholder.
Everyone thinks.
Nerio had no family.
But he had a secret  a son  Largo  adopted nearly thirty years before.
He kept.
Largo is living the life in Brazil.
Where he rescues a pretty girl.
She injects him and sets Largo up to be found by police.
Largo and the girl have sex.
He is sent.
Meanwhile  back the news of Nerio s heir has the board riled up.
Mikhal Korsky  another industrialist  plans to make a takeover bid by buying up available shares of the company.
Back attempts to escape from prison at the same time.
His father s driver/bodyguard Freddy has come to pay Largo s way out.
They both escape.
Largo has to get the shares.
He needs to prove that he is Nerio s heir.
He owns.
Will make him the owner.
But he gets caught and loses his shares.
He realizes.
He is by Ferguson  his father s trusted second-in-command  whose aim is to take over the company.
Lacking tangible proof  Largo has to prove.
He is the heir.
Eventually Largo makes a deal.
Whom he reveals Ferguson s plan to ruin Korsky.
Finally he reaches the board meeting and switches over Ferguson s speech to a secretly recorded video.
Which Ferguson admits.
Defeated  she leaves the meeting and is arrested.
The film ends as the new head of the company.
<EOS>
A clergyman travels to join the Loyalist side during the Spanish Civil War and finds.
Himself attracted.
<EOS>
Shaitan starts off.
Who is mentally disturbed and deeply affected.
She moves.
Where she meets KC.
KC introduces her.
They lead a directionless life  having fun  drinking  using drugs and driving around.
They start racing a random car and win.
They run over two people on a scooter killing them instantly.
They quickly leave the spot but are easily traced down.
Who demands Rupees 25 lakhs to make the case go away.
Dash tells them.
Who faked his own brother s kidnapping and pulled out 20 lakhs.
Therefore  they hatch a plot to kidnap Amy.
Who volunteers.
Amy s father immediately approaches Police Commissioner.
The Police Commissioner assigns an uptight cop Arvind Mathur to solve the case unofficially.
He is suspended after he throws a corporator.
Inspector Arvind Mathur is shown having a disturbed married life and nearly divorces his wife.
Amy s kidnapping quickly turns.
Puts pressure.
KC kills a man.
Who attempts.
The police inadvertently solve a case.
Whose description matched Amy s.
Tanya freaks out and convinces Zubin   to take her home.
Who has feelings.
Zubin goes to bring a cab.
Amy finds cocaine.
Amy catches Tanya on Zubin s phone and assumes.
She had called the police  while she had actually called her sister.
Amy acting aggressively gets.
KC intervenes and knocks Tanya.
She is left unconscious.
When she accuses him.
Zubin discovers this and quickly flees and is eventually found and arrested by the police.
Later Dash discovers the scene and escorts KC and Amy away and instructs them to stay there.
Meanwhile  Tanya is hospitalized.
She was found.
Zubin confesses everything.
They trace down Malwankar.
Who is nearly killed.
Then police trace Dash  KC and Amy.
When KC had called his father.
Dash  however  is reluctant.
Their disagreement turns.
Dash tries to force Amy to run but is killed by Amy  now high on cocaine.
Who has a violent flashback  while Dash holds her down in the church.
She stabs Dash  ending the mayhem.
The police finally wrap up the case declaring.
All four friends were kidnapped.
To save the reputation  the commissioner clears the name of Inspector Malwankar by saying.
He was injured.
Inspector Arvind Mathur reunites.
She returns.
<EOS>
Martin Lomax is watching The Human Centipede on his laptop  a film.
He is obsessed.
He keeps a centipede and maintains a detailed scrapbook of the film.
Martin lives.
Who constantly yells and blames him for having his father put in prison for both physically and sexually abusing Martin when he was a boy.
Dr Sebring  Martin s psychiatrist  also touches him inappropriately and prescribes heavy medication.
Martin acquires a dingy  dimly-lit warehouse and begins abducting people from the car park to use as for his own human centipede by knocking them unconscious with a crowbar  then binding their hands and feet with tape and driving them to the warehouse.
The film chronicles Martin kidnapping his victims.
Include  an aggressive young man and his girlfriend  two drunk girls who catch Martin masturbating  and a man who complains about the ATM having no cash.
Martin catches Dr Sebring and a cabbie having sex  and proceeds to kill Sebring and abduct the cabbie and prostitute.
Martin kills her.
When Martin s mother finds his scrapbook.
Which he takes her corpse and sets it.
Martin s last victim is Ashlynn Yennie  the actress.
Who played Jenny.
Martin begins assembling his centipede.
Martin severs the tendons and uses a hammer to knock out their teeth.
He slices open the buttocks of his victims using a kitchen knive  causing him to bleed to death.
He uses a staple gun and duct tape to attach each person s lips to the next person s buttocks.
The pregnant woman is presumed dead  Martin places her in the corner of the room under a sheet of tarp  along with the lessor  Dr Sebring  and the other dead victim.
His human centipede is ultimately.
Martin  now clad only in his underwear and a doctor s coat  begins experimenting with his human centipede.
Martin force-feeds Ashlynn soup using a funnel and tubing.
She refuses to eat.
Worried  Martin tears her tongue out.
Her screams for help might be heard.
Martin then injects each victim  forcing each individual in the chain to explosively evacuate their bowels into the mouth of the person behind them.
He laughs happily.
The smell eventually causes Martin to vomit.
Martin then wraps his penis and rapes the woman at the rear of the centipede.
The pregant woman wakes and runs.
He finishes.
She leaps and births her child into the car s foot well.
Martin tries to get in.
She throws the vehicle on the accelerator  crushing the baby s skull under the pedal.
The engine starts.
Meanwhile  the neighbor rips his face  separating the centipede into two halves.
Martin returns and begins shooting all the victims.
He then uses a knife to slit the throats.
When he runs out.
He appears to give pause  drops the knife and kneels in front of her.
She then punches him  shoves the funnel into Martin s rectum  and drops his pet centipede into it.
Martin stabs Ashlynn in the face and staggers out  screaming.
Ashlynn is seen slightly moving afterwards.
The scene cuts back.
Martin  looking the same  is watching the credits of First Sequence on his laptop  while a baby can be heard crying in the background.
<EOS>
Beans and Little Kitty are riding through the snow.
They see a poster.
Promotes a money-rich skii contest.
Beans wants to give it a shot.
He puts.
Just then  a large oppressive cougar overhears Beans  approaches him  takes his skis off and breaks them.
Beans still wants to participate and removes the rails.
Moments later  the contest begins.
All the competitors met.
Everyone sets off.
The cougar has made.
Beans have a slow start.
Nevertheless  Benas still makes his move and catches up  avoiding the cougar s further trickery.
He puts all other contestants.
Finally its just the cougar and Beans.
The cougar is hurled and falls into the water below.
They approach the finishing line.
Beans makes it safely and wins the contest.
<EOS>
An anonymous flasher exposes himself.
The head  Ronald Ronnie Barnhardt  makes it his mission to apprehend the offender.
He is assisted.
Ronnie s dream girl  Brandi  is flashed the next day  becoming distraught.
Who works a mall make-up counter.
Ronnie tries to comfort her.
A police officer  Detective Harrison  arrives and takes.
Ronnie feels threatened and is upset.
His boss allowed an outsider to infringe.
The criminal activity continues.
A masked person is seen robbing a shoe store  causing property damage.
Detective Harrison is once again called.
Who thinks that an Arab shopkeeper is the thief  based on the fact that he is an Arab.
Harrison curses out Ronnie during a meeting with Ronnie s superior.
Ronnie decides to take steps to become a real police officer.
Ronnie decides to ride along with Detective Harrison.
Harrison  fed up  tricks him into walking into the most dangerous part of town  and drives off.
Ronnie then confronts and subsequently subdues several drug dealers  victoriously returning and thanking the detective for the opportunity to prove himself.
Emboldened  Ronnie arranges a date.
Brandi consumes a large quantity of alcohol as well as several tablets of clonazepam.
She took.
Ronnie takes her home and has intercourse.
She is.
Ronnie fails the psychological examination.
Nell  a friendly food court worker  explains  leading Ronnie to threaten the two after giving Roger a beating.
Her boss Roger and another female employee make fun for having her leg in a cast.
Depressed  he is persuaded to spend the day doing a wide variety of drugs and assaulting skateboarding teenagers.
Ronnie finds out.
Dennis was the shoe thief  and that he has been stealing.
Ronnie is stunned and   is knocked unconscious from behind by Dennis.
Who then flees.
Ronnie decides to go undercover.
Order to catch the flasher.
He sees Harrison having sex with Brandi in his cruiser.
He confronts her  blowing his cover and damaging mall property in the process.
Ronnie refuses to leave the mall.
Police are called.
Ronnie fights off many officers.
Ronnie returns to the mall.
No longer a security guard.
He is approached back on both legs.
She kisses him to console him.
Interrupting their romantic moment  the flasher exposes himself and runs off  exposing himself to many other mall patrons.
Ronnie  pursuing the flasher.
Includes him punching the Iraqi clerk.
He approaches Brandi.
Ronnie rejects and humiliates her.
She thanks him.
Refusing the flasher an ambulance  Ronnie takes him  impressing and insulting the officers.
Who had previously ridiculed him.
A victorious Ronnie is then interviewed.
He is accompanied.
Who is now his girlfriend.
He returns as the head of mall security.
<EOS>
Judith Poe Wells is a would-be playwright.
Who has almost no money.
Where she can not afford to pay.
He offers her play North Winds.
He knows.
It is nt any good.
He has fallen with her and does it to win her over.
<EOS>
Majid duels his own coach.
Faiza  an avid football fan herself  makes her intentions clear  she will be devoted only.
Majid is almost sidelined but manages to lead his team to victory.
His dream is matched in intensity only by a budding relationship with Faiza and the upcoming academic exams.
Will determine his future.
All is  however.
When local drugs threaten to throw Majid.
<EOS>
Inspired.
Gardner met.
Who spend their days sitting  trying to mask the realities of aging.
Nat spins.
The play touches  including society s treatment of the aged  the difficulties dealing with adult children know.
Who think they.
What s best  and the dangers that lurk in urban areas.
Its title comes  Hey  Rappaport.
Evolved. 
Have you been.
Nat  Rappaport .
What happened.
Midge  I m not Rappaport.
Nat  Rappaport  you used to be a young guy.
Now you re an old guy.
Midge  I m not Rappaport.
Nat  Rappaport .
Has this happened.
Midge  I m not Rappaport.
<EOS>
Mona Gray systematically withdraws into a world of mathematics.
A mysterious mental illness leaves her father incapacitated and a shell.
Forced  Mona gets a job as a math teacher at an elementary school.
There she discovers.
She has an unorthodox talent and finds herself thrust back into life again  with children to care for  and a reason to live.
Mona takes special interest.
Whose mother is dying.
Mona reverts back.
When fellow teacher Ben Smith shows romantic interest.
Eventually  Mona discovers her value.
She shows her students.
Ben s patience is finally rewarded.
The two find love.
<EOS>
Naosuke and Tamiko are a happily married couple  and have just bought some land.
They ask Yanagisawa  Tamiko s junior and an interior designer to design it.
However   they need someone else to apply and built it.
He is not a qualified architect.
They ask Tamiko s father  a builder  to do this.
Yanagisawa is a modernist  influenced  Tamako s father is a traditionalist.
The two soon come over the design of the house.
They eventually start to understand each other s way of thinking.
The house is successfully completed.
<EOS>
Jean Preston is determined to find her fiancee  Greg Jones.
Who went and did nt come back when expected.
She travels.
She asks.
Where she stays.
He immediately makes.
The clerk acts like he knows nothing.
A suspicious phone call when the group leaves the lobby.
A native woman named.
Jean unpacks.
Tondra  who spied earlier  knocks on the door.
She tells Jean.
Her husband  Moya  spoke.
Jean asks Tondra to speak.
She quickly fetches her husband.
Apprehensive to get her husband.
When Jean greases her palm.
Tondra returns.
Who recognizes Jones.
He tells Jean.
Jones traveled.
Someone shoots him.
Moya can say more.
The shooting upsets.
The unstable locals and the group leaves.
They take a boat deep.
Where they see abundant wildlife.
Jean must convince Gary Lambert   to be their guide.
Who hates taking women.
She knocks his socks off with a gun.
They also pick up famed safari cook  Gabby  and tells stories.
Who likes to recite poetry.
He mistakes.
The Commissioner tells Lambert and wants Lambert to do the same.
Jones was.
Lambert readily agrees.
The rescue mission meets.
The mishaps connect.
The group experiences.
A native man tells the group rumors in the jungle.
Make their native guides skittish.
The women came from a shipwreck many years ago.
It s revealed.
All that was nt bad enough  when Greg is found.
He fell.
<EOS>
Half a century was killed in an Egyptian excavation  archaeologist Sam Turkel returns to the original site and discovers the hanging sarcophagus of Talos.
Months later  a murder is committed.
Sam is called in to assist an American detective working.
<EOS>
The United States and the Soviet Union have both developed technology.
Can miniaturized matter  depending on how small the item is miniaturized.
Scientist Jan Benes  working  has figured out.
To make the process work indefinitely.
He escapes to the West.
An attempted assassination leaves him comatose  in his brain.
To save his life  agent Charles Grant  pilot Captain Bill Owens  Dr Michaels  surgeon Dr Peter Duval and his assistant Cora Peterson are placed at the C.
M.
D.
F.
Facilities. 
The Proteusis then miniaturized and injected.
The ship is reduced  giving the team one hour to remove the clot.
The submarine will begin to revert to its normal size and become vulnerable to Benes  immune system.
The crew faces many obstacles.
An arteriovenous fistula forces them to detour.
Where cardiac arrest must be induced to avoid turbulence.
It becomes obvious.
When the surgical laser needed to destroy the clot is damaged.
There is a saboteur.
They cannibalize their radio to repair the device.
There are only six minutes remaining to operate and then exit the body.
When they finally reach the clot.
Grant was briefed.
Duval was the prime suspect.
But  he pieces together the evidence and begins to suspect Michaels.
The mission progresses.
Dr Michaels knocks Owens out and takes control of the Proteus.
The rest is outside for the operation.
Duval successfully removes the clot.
Michaels tries to crash the sub to kill Benes.
Grant fires the laser  causing it to veer away and crash.
Michaels is trapped and killed.
When white blood cells attack and destroy the Proteus.
Grant saves Owens.
They all swim desperately.
Where they escape before they return to normal size.
<EOS>
Singing cowboy Gene Autry is out and looking for a job.
He meets former rodeo sharpshooter Angie Burke.
Who works.
Angie suggests.
Gene ride to El Sombrero Grande  Estrellita s ranch.
Gene learns.
The ranch is managed with Monahan s Wild West Show.
Gene heads south.
He comes.
Gene approaches the ranch.
Who rent part.
Garland is.
Gene stops Garland.
Garland offers Gene the job and tells him.
He plans to marry Estrellita.
Gene offers a ride to Don Luis Alvarado  Estrellita s godfather.
Don Luis has been hired to replace Felipe Gonzales.
Who has worked all his life.
Gene does not want to displace Felipe.
He decides to accept the job.
Order to help the rancheros  who are led.
Gene hires Felipe.
Gene travels back to bring Estrellita back to her ranch in Mexico.
Angie   opposes Gene s plan.
Who has been accompanying Estrellita.
Gene and Don Luis are able to kidnap Estrellita and drive her back.
Meanwhile  Garland plots to sell the ranch.
McBride pressures Garland to get rid.
They can sell their cattle and pay their back rent.
He secretly organizes a cattle drive.
When gene learns.
They are shot.
Gene and Juan ride.
Gene and Juan capture him and then learn.
The other rancheros are.
A young boy named.
The rancheros are able to fight off Garland s men.
Tico accidentally reveals to Garland the plans.
Meanwhile  Gene encourages Estrellita to take an interest.
She is still eager to return.
Garland and McBride ambush them.
The rancheros leave.
The young boy Tico is killed.
The rancheros bring the boy s body back.
Garland professes his innocence.
Estrellita now knows his real intentions and orders.
Him to leave the country.
She then asks Gene to help her learn to care.
Sometime later   Gene leaves Mexico  but promises to return.
Estrellita absolves the rancheros  debts.
<EOS>
Anne Sluti  an all-American 17-year-old teenager  is seen running track at her high school.
Her boyfriend  Gary  and her best friend  Paige  watch.
Gary gives Anne a teddy bear.
Anne then departs.
She promises Gary.
She does so.
She ll pick up his CD.
Anne is surprised to see.
Her older brother  Tom  is.
Anne s mother  Elaine  presents Anne from college.
Anne is excited and says  her dad gives her money to pick up the CD.
She wants to tell Gary and Paige.
Anne is next seen exiting the mall.
Suddenly   Tony Zappa comes up and drags her to his car.
When she is about to get.
Anne begins screaming  Anne finds her way out.
Onlookers call.
Tony punches her  throws Anne in the car  and drives off.
The police arrive.
Officer Timbrook realizes.
When one tells Officer Mike Timbrook that the car belongs to Anne Sluti.
He knows her family and goes off to tell the Sluti family.
Anne awakens.
Tony tells her that she should nt have screamed.
Anne said.
She screamed because he was punching her  and soon realizes that Tony wo nt allow her to be released.
Tony pulls the car over.
He tells her.
If she can get herself out  he ll let her leave.
She is unable to do so.
Tony returns her.
He removes the blindfold.
Driving. 
The car suddenly crashes and flips.
Tony frees himself.
Anne  strapped with her hands still bound  is unable to do the same.
Tony climbs back and cuts the seat belt  pulls her out.
Tony says  I saved your life.
She gasps.
That means I own you.
Daylight breaks and Tony has a chain.
They walk down a dirt road.
Tony sees a tractor and ties the end to a post.
He drags the car out.
Anne uses this opportunity to leave a message.
Anne persuades Tony to let her call someone and tell them.
It was her idea to take off.
Back  one of Anne s mother s friends  Cat  lets.
Anne s parents stay.
Later  the phone rings.
It s Anne.
Tony has her call home.
Anne asks  pretending.
Elaine is just a friend.
Tony hangs up and has her call Paige.
Anne leaves a clue.
Tony believes.
She says she s  while she is actually saying equality vacation  signifying that she is in Wyoming.
Then she hangs up.
Tony says.
It s time they start their vacation.
Tony and Anne stop.
He breaks.
He cooks them dinner made.
He killed.
When Anne learns his name and that he is going to keep her.
He states.
He imagines Anne  thanking him for a nice dinner.
He then takes the chain lock.
Was previously  attaching it to her leg and a couch.
He then gives her a wedding ring to wear.
He excuses himself to take a piss.
He is injecting himself with drugs and begins yelling upstairs.
Anne then spots a phone outlet.
She drags closer by using an umbrella.
She dials 9-1-1 and tells the operator.
She s been kidnapped.
The call is being traced  Officer Timbrook received word.
He and FBI Agent Reynolds   learn.
Who have taken.
Tony Zappa is the abductor and that he is wanted for causing a manhunt after closing down the Mall of America in search of him the month before.
They discover.
Anne and Tony have fled.
Officer Timbrook and Agent Reynolds go to visit Tony s grandmother  she is a religious woman.
Who says that Tony is a good boy.
Anne s mother is at home praying.
Tony  angered for alerting the police  has her starting to dig her own grave.
She argues.
He s going to kill her anyway and refuses to dig anymore  pleading either to let her go or shoot her.
He holds a knife up and lets.
Her know that he is not going to kill her.
He then pushes her  she realizes.
What he s going to do and begs him to stop.
He puts the knife up  cuts her bra open  and rapes her.
The next morning  Tony takes her.
Where he tells Anne to wash herself to destroy evidence  whilst he searches a camp truck and house.
Anne pulls.
The teddy bear that Gary gave her.
Anne washes her face and arms vigorously.
Tony watches.
He then goes outside and gives Anne sweatpants  a sweatshirt  and slippers to change.
Tony tells her.
She changes.
She looks nice.
Anne turns and sees a news report on her and Tony  then an interview with her parents and brother.
When Tony goes outside.
She begins to cry.
Tony rushes inside.
She quickly turns off the television.
He knows.
It had been.
He asks her.
What it was.
She denies.
She had been doing anything.
Tony is amused.
When the reporter gives a description  calling him the jack rabbit.
He gets enraged  he knocks the television off.
When a description is listed.
It breaks.
Tony storms follows.
He turns around.
She says they need to find a new car.
Tony tells her to come.
They can go.
Anne asks.
He took her.
He responds saying I get tired.
Tony steals a station wagon and makes Anne get all.
She leaves her teddy bear behind.
Officer Timbrook and Agent Reynolds find the car not too long.
Officer Timbrook finds the teddy bear and removes its head  finding a note.
Says Sluti Wed 1 PM.
He shows Officer Reynolds the note  telling her.
They missed the two.
Tony discovers another deserted house.
An older man walking his dog spots the station wagon and looks right.
He breaks the bolt.
He starts yelling  coming right out and asking her.
Anne and Tony are inside.
She hears that.
She says.
She does nt hear anything.
Tony drags her close and asks her  she says.
What she sees.
She ca nt see anything because it s too dark  as it is nighttime.
Lights flash outside.
It becomes evident that the FBI and police have found them.
Tony becomes hysterical  blaming Anne and saying.
He is not going to go.
Anne tells him to call the police.
She wo nt let them hurt him.
She gets and asks them to let Tony call his grandmother.
She asks.
When he talks.
It s true that he took Anne  and said she ll be praying.
Tony tells his grandmother.
He s going to kill Anne  and then himself.
He points the gun.
Anne picks up the phone and tells the police not to shoot  as they are coming out.
She tells Tony.
They ca nt shoot.
They d end up shooting her  too.
He has his arm wrapped  she turns around and tells him to put the gun down.
They exit the house.
Anne runs.
He does.
Tony begins screaming.
He begs them not to shoot.
He is getting.
He shows her the teddy bear.
Officer Timbrook is hugging Anne.
She left behind  returning it.
Tony is put  still screaming her name.
Anne and Officer Timbrook walk up.
Anne throws.
The film ends.
Officer Timbrook drives her home.
She gets out  running towards her family and hugging them.
Reporters all around are filming and asking questions.
Officer Timbrook smiles.
Anne s father looks up  mouthing  Thank you.
<EOS>
Henry  Beaver  Pete and Jonesy are four friends.
They all acquired telepathy.
They call the line.
A flashback shows them.
They save a mentally handicapped boy named Douglas Duddits Cavell and befriend him.
Jonesy sees.
Duddits beckoning him to cross the street  but as he does so Jonesy is hit.
His injuries heal.
6 months later he is able to make the group s annual trip.
Jonesy and Beaver meet.
A man lost.
He is very ill.
The group lets him rest nearby.
Military helicopters fly over the area and announce.
The area will be quarantined.
Jonesy and Beaver return.
A large worm tries to escape after being excreted into the toilet by Rick.
He died.
Beaver attempts to trap the creature.
The lamprey-like worm   kills him.
Jonesy escapes but runs into a large alien called Mr Grey.
Who possesses Jonesy s body.
Nearby  Henry and Pete crash their vehicle.
They nearly avoid running over a frostbitten woman.
Henry walks.
Pete stays.
She dies and also excretes a worm.
Pete barely manages to kill.
Mr Grey then captures Pete.
Jonesy telepathically warns Henry to stay hidden.
Henry returns.
Killed him now laying a group.
He sets fire.
Order to kill all.
Meanwhile  a military unit led  seeks to contain everyone exposed to the aliens.
Curtis sends Owen to lead an air strike.
The aliens use telepathy to distract the pilots.
The four Apaches and Curtis  Little Bird massacre most with miniguns and missiles.
The alien ship then self-destructs destroying the remaining aliens and two helicopters.
Henry arrives and convinces Owen to reveal the camp to the U.
S.
Army.
Curtis escapes in a helicopter.
Jonesy retraces his memories.
Watching Mr Grey use his body.
Mr Grey tries to coerce Pete but cannibalises him.
When he refuses.
Jonesy realizes.
Mr Grey possessed him.
Henry and Owen go.
Where he tells them that Mr Grey is headed to seed the water with alien larva.
Arriving Owen is ambushed by Curtis  helicopter and mortally injured  but manages to ground Curtis.
Henry takes Owen s weapon and kills Mr Grey s worm.
Duddits confronts Mr Grey.
Who finally exits Jonesy s body.
Duddits then reveals.
He himself is an alien and attacks  causing both aliens to explode.
Jonesy   steps.
Himself again.
Was just about to contaminate the water.
<EOS>
A group travel to an island to see its exotic botanicals.
There they meet Baron von Weser  a reclusive scientist studying rare horticulture and experimenting.
One is draining the blood of human beings.
The tourists are dying one.
<EOS>
Meena Kumar  a 12-year-old Sikh girl  lives in the Black Country in.
Meena meets Anita  a white  14-year-old girl.
Whom Meena comes to idolise.
However  Meena finds it harder and harder.
To fit in as her Indian heritage keeps.
Anita s new boyfriend proves to hold strong racist attitudes.
He regards.
<EOS>
This is another morality lesson.
An angry Alfalfa decides to get even by embarking upon a life of crime.
Slicker steals and Alfalfa is wrongfully accused.
He enlists the other kids as his mob.
Hoping to deflect his pals  Spanky McFarland decides to teach the gang a lesson.
He tricks the kids.
They re burglarizing a house  when they re merely helping the homeowners clean out their junk.
Things take an unexpected turn.
When a real-life fugitive chooses the gang s clubhouse as his hideout  with the cops hot on his heels.
Assuming they did the crime  not knowing.
They burgled a house  Alfalfa and the gang are caught.
What the real crime committed was.
The next morning they are arraigned.
Spanky comes in to explain.
What had really happened.
Meanwhile  Slicker is being arraigned.
What seems to be an unrelated crime.
Everything is solved.
<EOS>
Jessie is a middle aged woman living.
One night  she calmly tells Thelma.
She will be dead  as she plans to commit suicide that very evening.
The film slowly reveals her reasons for her decision and her life together and.
Thoroughly she has planned her own death  culminating.
<EOS>
Brian begins an unwilling symbiotic relationship.
Aylmer secretes a highly addictive  hallucinogenic blue fluid.
Brian must seek out victims for Aylmer.
That he can devour their brains.
The film was largely a metaphor.
<EOS>
The title refers to the duration of a relationship between Wall Street arbitrageur John Gray and divorced SoHo art gallery employee Elizabeth McGraw.
The two meet and have a volatile and somewhat kinky sex life.
The film details a sexual downward spiral pushes Elizabeth s boundaries toward her eventual emotional breakdown.
He often manipulates her.
What he wants.
<EOS>
The plot revolves.
Who pretends to be able to contact the dead  and charges people large amounts to speak to their relatives.
The ending involves Acula inadvertently summoning a group  and being imprisoned for all eternity.
The movie features a prologue and a brief acting role.
Who also narrated Wood s Plan.
<EOS>
Callie Carpenter is a misguided teenager sent to stay on their horse ranch.
Callie becomes friends.
Who teaches her to ride.
She helps.
Him discover that something is seriously amiss.
Callie relies to outwit Snapper.
When Snapper  a horse trainer gone bad  tries to sell Kia illegally.
Rafe and Callie figure out  they must prove.
To save Kia.
He really is a champion.
<EOS>
The story concerns an American boy named Cedie Erol  and leaves New York to take up residence.
Who finds that he is the sole heir to a British earldom.
Where   he is joined by his middle-class mother  the widow of the late heir.
His grandfather  the Earl  intends to teach the boy to become an aristocrat  but Cedie inadvertently teaches his grandfather compassion and social justice.
The artless simplicity and motherly love warms his heart.
<EOS>
Aboard the cargo ship McRuby  docked  six stowaways burst from one of the containers being unloaded.
They flee  but are apprehended by dock workers and the New York police.
The McRuby s Ukrainian crew watches the detention.
The ship s captain and his first mate  Ion Plesin  are displeased  aware.
The illegal immigrants will cost the shipping company hundreds of thousands.
Company representative Andreas Vlachos arrives to oversee future operations and warn.
The crew will be liable.
Later  the McRuby is docked.
Where dock worker Kingsley Ofosu plans to pursue a better life for himself and his pregnant wife in the United States.
He decides.
The time is right  as he can use the money to get upon his arrival.
Ofosu  his brother and six other men slip and hide in its cargo holds.
Plesin has only one hour to conduct a stowaway search prior to departure.
The hasty endeavor fails to turn up Ofosu s group and the ship sails  bound.
Ofosu s group encounters another stowaway.
Who had boarded the ship.
The men jovially discuss the vocations.
They intend to pursue.
Later  their water container breaks  forcing them to leave the cargo area to forage.
They leave evidence.
Is then discovered.
To prevent Vlachos.
The stowaway search had been incomplete.
The stowaways are found.
Plesin discusses the predicament.
They can not bring the stowaways into port.
However  they also can not alter course to drop the men off somewhere.
Vlachos would then find out.
The Africans are taken to be hidden.
They find Plesin unsympathetic.
When they object.
He points out.
If the stowaways  presence becomes known  he and his men will be fired.
Any other jobs will pay even less.
They can find.
The meager wages earned on the docks in Ghana.
The stowaways are forced and initially left without food or water.
Yuri  one  takes pity and secretly delivers them a little water.
He is powerless to do more.
Ofosu laments.
The stowaways suffer.
He has led the group.
The captain finally acquiesces.
The men are taken.
They are ambushed and their bodies thrown overboard.
Each group is brought.
Yuri tries to stop the massacre.
The others overpower and subdue him.
Ofosu and his brother are the last two brought out.
They surmise.
What is about to occur and make a run  heading in different directions.
Ofosu s brother is shot and   is soon caught and thrown overboard.
They do.
Ofosu watches.
Ofosu flees back and is able to elude further searches for him.
Ofosu stashes a picture and his wife inside one of the cocoa sacks.
Plesin s men are concerned  but they reason.
All Western countries despise black immigrants.
Thus no one will be motivated to take action.
They also expect to be able to secure him.
When he tries to exit the ship.
However   Ofosu is able to escape to shore and make it.
The ship docks.
Plesin s men can catch him.
The next day  French authorities board.
The McRuby to investigate Ofosu s story.
Plesin first denies.
There had been any stowaway.
The ship s cocoa sacks are searched  yielding Ofosu s picture.
Plesin s final play is to acknowledge the killings.
To suggest.
He and his men had done France a favor.
The police are unimpressed and immediately arrest Plesin and his men  along with the captain.
The film ends.
Whom he pledges to name.
An epilogue notes.
The captain and first mate were convicted and sentenced to life imprisonment.
Three other crew members were also convicted and received 20-year sentences.
One crew member was acquitted.
Kingsley Ofosu was living and hoping to have his wife and child join him.
<EOS>
Nick Murder is an iron worker.
Who has been married to Kitty  who works as a seamstress and is the mother of Nick s three daughters.
His head is turned.
Nick loves his wife.
Soon they re having a passionate affair.
She becomes enraged and kicks him out  forcing him to decide.
When Kitty discovers the infidelity.
What he really wants and what s most important to him.
Many of the characters periodically turn to their favorite songs to explain and amplify their emotions  lip-synching along with the original recordings.
<EOS>
The story involves the superhero Starman.
Who is sent to protect Earth from the nuclear holocaust threatened by the country of Meropol.
<EOS>
A wealthy old scrooge disowns his son.
He decides to marry a poor woman.
Wants nothing to do.
The son dies the old man still.
One day his grandson is hit.
The boy is taken and unbeknownst to him.
It s his grandson the old man takes a liking.
He later finds out the boy and reconciles.
Is his grandson.
<EOS>
Keshu is a school.
An introvert  he is working  owned by Indrapalan.
Keshu is crazy  a sales girl in the nearby boutique.
Keshu often takes Photocopies.
Looks. 
He fears to spend them.
One day he meets Daany Dsouza  an Anglo Indian.
Who realizes the competence in creating fake currencies.
Danny forces him to continue.
Danny gets the information.
A popular party is bringing 2 crores of rupees to Kerala from Bangalore by road.
Danny makes a scene and cleverly replaces the 2 crore real notes with fake ones.
They hides the real notes under the supervision of Iruttu.
Police gets.
When the political party starts spending the money.
The information and an Intelligence Bureau officer played starts investigating.
Keshu s mom gets admitted in the hospital.
Keshu immediately wants 25000 to pay.
They goes to take the money.
There a fight erupts.
Iruttu  taking advantage  goes greedy and tries to take all the money by killing them.
But Keshu hits Iruttu.
They escapes.
Iruttu takes Rose and asks Keshu to return the money.
Keshu pays the money and Iruttu escapes.
But he was soon captured and thus.
Danny and Keshu escapes the charges.
They also get to know.
They do nt have to do any fraud activities to live.
<EOS>
The film is about five friends.
Who wake up one morning to find that there is no power  cell phones or radio.
The group wanders.
When they see a city-sized UFO.
<EOS>
Ashanti is an action-crime film starring Rajesh Khanna.
<EOS>
Luke and Lucy find out.
A masked villain called JP has kidnapped and shrunk.
They leave and settle in the Texas Rangers  HQ.
It quickly becomes clear.
They are not welcome.
JP terrorizes the city and has spies everywhere.
The saloon dancer Miss Missy decides to join Luke and Lucy.
Aunt Sybil does nt trust her and suspects.
She is secretly.
Is she jealous.
Luke and Lucy realize.
The Sheriff s cast is fake.
They discover.
A closet is filled with weapons.
Who is the real culprit.
<EOS>
Well-Known sportsman Kay Hoog announces to a club.
He has found a message with a map drawn by a Harvard professor who has gone missing.
The map tells.
Possesses an immense treasure.
Hoog immediately plans an expedition to find it.
But Lio Sha  the head  is determined to get the treasure for herself and plans a rival expedition.
<EOS>
The Man strike.
Who Came Back is based.
Recently freed slaves on a Louisiana plantation are worked relentlessly but paid minimum wages.
Sometimes paid only  worthless money accepted only at the plantation s overpriced store  the workers become financially in debt.
This creates an inescapable situation.
The workers strike.
This leads by the most powerful men in the town  including the sheriff  the preacher  power-hungry Billy Duke and his vigilante group of thugs.
White overseer Reese Paxton steps up to demand justice.
Duke s rage turns.
Paxton is convicted by Billy s father  the corrupt Judge Duke.
Paxton comes back to seek revenge.
<EOS>
Christopher  a lonely and plain man  finds an invitation.
Constructing a knight costume out  he makes his way to Brooklyn to attend the party  only to discover.
It is actually a trap set.
The art students are costumed from The Warriors.
They intend to commit a murder to impress their wealthy and sinister patron.
Chris brought along a loaf.
One starts to eat.
She then reveals.
She is allergic  and did nt know about them.
The group asks.
She ll be OK.
She agrees explaining and dies.
She s only a little dizzy and needs to sit down  however she falls over and hits her head.
The group hides the body.
They do nt want their patron to see it when he arrives.
The patron comes and has arrived late and is searching for students to award grant money to.
Drugs and alcohol fuel the group.
The situation spirals out.
Christopher tries to make it home alive.
<EOS>
Sandy McKenzie sets out.
Gilson derives a pleasure - killing an entire herd of buffalo at one time.
McKenzie has grown tired.
He takes an Indian woman and her child captive.
When Gilson chases down and kills an Indian raiding party.
The presence causes.
Tension and Gilson becomes increasingly paranoid and deranged  leading.
<EOS>
Divorced lawyer Rick Magruder stumbles drunk out hosted by his firm and has a chance meeting with a woman named Mallory Doss  a waitress at the party.
Who seems to have lost her car.
Rick drives the woman.
Where her car has been already parked.
Rick and Mallory walk.
Mallory carelessly undresses.
Which they spend the night together.
Mallory asks him to file suit against her father because of his dangerous behavior.
Now obsessed and willing to do anything for her  Rick is successful in having Dixon put on trial and sent to a mental institution.
But  Rick must protect himself and his children.
When he is freed.
He has brought.
<EOS>
Set in the Depression of the 1930s  the story is told through the eyes of Liam.
Liam is taking religious instruction lessons -- his mother is a staunch Roman Catholic.
His father loses his job.
When the shipyard he works closes.
Meanwhile his sister Teresa has taken a job.
Who own the shipyard.
Liam stutters badly.
His strict religious education does not help.
The Jewish lady.
Teresa works.
The girl becomes an accomplice.
Liam s father joins a group.
Who rail.
His brother secretly attends meetings.
But all this is just a microcosm.
Life becomes increasingly more insecure.
People retreat ever more desperately.
This only leads.
<EOS>
The film begins at the House of Lords  with Lord Longford  a regular prison visitor  presiding over a reception for a number of ex-convicts and corresponded with.
Whom he had visited.
When they were incarcerated.
He receives a letter  the so-called Moors Murderer Myra Hindley.
Who is several years for taking part in the murder of three children with her boyfriend  Ian Brady.
She asks to arrange.
When he visits her.
Her to meet Brady.
Longford is shocked and tells her.
It would be in her own best interests to have no contact  as it might harm any future chances of parole.
Hindley seems equally shocked.
She would ever be allowed parole.
Longford then begins his campaign to be paroled.
The question remains.
Whether Hindley is indeed reformed -- -- or whether she is merely manipulating him and feigning her rehabilitation in an attempt to bring herself closer to release.
Longford visits Brady twice   Brady tells him.
She is manipulative and that he should turn his back.
Longford  driven  decides to continue on his course  despite heavy public  political  and family criticism and.
All people are ultimately good.
Though it turns out that Hindley has not been honest.
She reveals.
She and Brady were responsible.
He remains loyal and continues to back her campaign for release.
As Hindley s revelations sparked yet more public for trying to win her release.
He is last seen visiting her in the late 1990s  and more than 90 years old.
Which time Longford is frail.
Hindley is still but in a declining state of health.
We are informed.
The film ends and just start to roll.
Longford died  while Hindley never got the parole that she spent a generation fighting for and remained imprisoned until her death in November.
<EOS>
Five delinquent classmates must perform community service.
The students begin to realize -- to their classmates and each other.
The afternoon unfolds.
Someone is taking the Legend too far  and that everyone is a suspect.
It is even possible.
The legend itself is true.
None of it matters.
It was all a dream.
<EOS>
Mickey Mouse pilots a river steamboat  suggesting that he himself is the captain.
He cheerfully whistles Steamboat Bill and sounds the boat s three whistles.
Soon the real captain appears.
Angrily orders Mickey off the bridge.
Mickey makes a Bronx cheer.
Then Pete kicks.
Him  making him fall down the stairs  slip on the boat s deck and land in a bucket of water.
A parrot makes fun.
Mickey throws the bucket.
Now piloting the steamboat himself  Pete bites off some chewing tobacco and spits.
The spit flies backward and rings the boat s bell.
Amused spits again.
It hits him.
The steamboat makes a stop to pick up a cargo of various livestock.
Minnie appears  running to catch the boat.
As they set off again.
It leaves.
Mickey does not see her.
She runs.
The boat takes her on board using the cargo crane.
Landing  Minnie accidentally drops a guitar and some sheet music for the song Turkey in the Straw.
Are eaten.
The two mice use the goat s body.
They play.
Mickey uses various objects and plays the animals like musical instruments.
Finally an amused Captain Pete appears and puts Mickey to work peeling potatoes.
The same parrot from before appears in the port hole and mocks Mickey again.
The mouse throws a partially peeled potato  knocking him into the river below.
The film ends.
<EOS>
Singhania is a powerful Underworld don  has two sons Raj looks.
His younger brother Prem is a playboy.
Singhania does not deal nor does he allow anyone of him.
Men deal.
Tejeshwar set up.
Murder Singhania.
Now Raj and Prem must take back their father s criminal empire one step.
<EOS>
The film is the third.
The story concerns the romance.
The ardor is.
Carmela is a determined young woman  willing to scale and conquer any obstacle.
Antonio scurries to prove his financial viability.
He s hooked.
Faced  Carmela and Antonio symbolically shed themselves of all responsibilities to others in a climactic act of stark-naked bravado.
<EOS>
The Stooges work  and are hired by a middle-aged millionaire named John Goodrich to track down some racketeers.
Who have threatened his life.
The boys are quickly seduced by a beautiful blonde.
Who puts a dose.
Moe and Larry revive Shemp and a spectacular chase ensues  culminating  with the Stooges coming out on top.
<EOS>
World War II is coming.
Bill Willoby and Lt.
Frank Schmidt  along  are assigned to Midi Island  formerly held by the Japanese.
They receive a friendly welcome.
Willoby declares fraternization.
Becomes awkward when the King presents him as a token of his appreciation.
Rozouila is to be the captain s wife.
Rev.
And Mrs Edgett have arrived.
Who is hired to be his secretary.
Willoby goes and is told to keep Rozouila in a separate quarters at all time.
Major Curwin visits the isle next  accompanied.
Angela immediately makes a play  observed by two jealous women  Rozouila and Diana.
Who are both relieved.
When Willoby rejects her advances.
An angry Angela writes.
A false story claiming the captain is romantically involved.
A colonel investigates the news story.
Willoby could face a.
But a way is figured out.
Angela s story is revealed to be a lie.
Midi is reclassified by the military  permitting fraternization by the soldiers.
Willoby now loves Diana  though.
A chastised Angela has her eye.
Schmidt.
<EOS>
One night  Louise argue.
Boating in the middle of a lake  John Haloran and his young wife.
Louise is upset.
Everything is currently designated to go in the name of a mysterious Kathleen.
John tells Louise.
If he dies before his mother does  she will be entitled.
He then promptly drops dead.
Thinking quickly  the scheming Louise throws the fresh corpse.
Where he comes to rest.
Her plan is to pretend.
He is still alive  in order to ingratiate her way back.
She types up a letter  inviting herself to the family s Irish castle.
Her husband is away.
She immediately notices.
Things are a little strange.
She observes John s two brothers  Billy and Richard taking part as part of a yearly ritualistic tribute to their youngest sister  Kathleen.
Who died many years.
Lady Haloran still mourns.
She faints dead away.
Her mother-in-law tells her.
Louise helps her.
She fainted because one had died as it touched Kathleen s grave.
Louise  realizing  devises a plan intended to convince the old woman.
Lady Haloran is emotionally overwrought and superstitious.
Kathleen is trying to communicate from beyond the grave.
This plan involves stealing some and placing them at the bottom of the estate s pond.
Where they will float.
Louise swims into the pond and begins placing the toys as planned.
However  she is shocked to see.
What appears to be Kathleen s perfectly preserved corpse.
Horrified  she swims  and is abruptly axed to death by an unknown assailant.
The killer then drags Louise s bloody corpse away.
Concerned family doctor Justin Caleb arrives and becomes determined to solve the mystery.
He questions the family.
Meanwhile  the murderer strikes again  decapitating a man.
Who is poaching.
Caleb has the pond drained  revealing a stone shrine  with the words Forgive Me  Kathleen on the monument.
The following night  Lady Haloran is attacked.
She survives.
Finally  Caleb utilizes an obscure nursery rhyme to help him discover Louise s corpse hidden.
Next is a wax figure of Kathleen.
Caleb places the figure to lure the killer.
Taking the bait  a gibbering Billy attempts to kill Richard s fiancee Kane  he has become insane with the guilt.
He has felt over having caused the death of his sister Kathleen.
Caleb removes a gun and shoots Billy to death.
<EOS>
The documentary describes the life.
Who took part.
Fadma says  I too took part in the war.
She agreed to do the documentary so that France would recognize her as they do their veterans.
<EOS>
A boy is displayed.
Has been raised.
Then he grows up  becomes a zookeeper and falls with a prostitute.
His jealousy brings  changing him into a werewolf.
That he can kill her clients.
<EOS>
Two singles apply.
To start  they are intimidated  but come round to the idea.
That night  they imagine the meetings.
Will change their lives forever.
<EOS>
Moll  Lora  and Belvera  the Elias sisters  are again.
Belvera seeks the secret power.
Transform the sisters  small daggers.
She fails to retrieve the proper triangle.
Moll and Lora end up.
Transforms Moll s sword.
A meteor shower brings a strange object to Earth  a huge meteor.
Disrupts gravity.
A family watches.
It crashes at night.
The next day  the oldest  plays hookey from school  and goes to investigate the object.
Meanwhile  school children begin to mysteriously vanish.
A huge shadow passes overhead.
Moll and Lora examine the remains  discovering the essence of dinosaurs  and realizes.
A great evil has been released.
Grand King Ghidorah  a space monster  returns.
Who visited Earth and thought to be responsible for the destruction of the dinosaurs.
Where the meteor crashed  trapping them.
Thankfully   Rainbow Mothra arrives and begins to battle Grand King Ghidorah  but the three headed.
The King proceeds to easily dominate Rainbow Mothra.
Who only just escapes.
Later  Moll and Lora encounter Ghidorah.
Who infects Lora by staring into Lora s eyes.
Lora attacks Moll and attempts to drag them both into the dome.
However  Fairy Mothra flies down.
She falls.
Belvera  intrigued  gets too close to the dome and is dragged inside with her pet henchmen  Garu-Garu  by little serpent beings.
Meanwhile Moll  riding Fairy  encounters the teenage boy  and tells him.
She explains.
Ghidorah needs the children s life force to feed.
She convinces him to accompany her and meet their only hope  Rainbow Mothra.
Who is now recovering.
Moll and Rainbow Mothra communicate telepathically  discussing their options.
Rainbow Mothra turns  the massive insect is able to turn into Light Speed Mothra and break through the boundaries of time and travel backward to confront Ghidorah  some 130 million years in the past.
Moll  her power totally depleted helping her friend time-travel  falls.
Shota allows Grand King Ghidorah to capture him.
He can find Lora  terrified.
There  Lora encounters Belvera.
Who tells her that King Ghidorah plans to destroy the Earth.
The two engage in a swordfight  with Belvera begging Lora to see reason and to work with her  but to no avail.
Shota finds Lora.
She attacks him and attempts to stab him.
But  Belvera warns her not to do it.
Shota reminds Lora.
She loves children deeply and   breaks Ghidorah s spell.
Belvera finally realizes.
The Alias triangle represents the three and combines her sword with both Lora s and Moll s.
Using the new sword  she attempts to break open the dome.
Lora recovers.
Light Speed Mothra appears and turns back into Rainbow Mothra.
Another fight takes place.
Rainbow Mothra begins to lose the fight but thanks to Lora s song  Rainbow Mothra energizes and manages to immobilize Ghidorah long enough to pick it up and drop it into a nearby volcano  but not before a severed piece of Ghidorah s tail burrows itself into the ground.
Rainbow Mothra is hurled out.
Where Primitive Mothra larvae cover him.
Back  Ghidorah roars in outrage.
It disappears.
The children are released.
The boy joins Belvera and Lora  unsure.
They kneel.
They can save her.
Suddenly Ghidorah appears.
This is the other Ghidorah.
Grew. 
The new Ghidorah starts to capture children again.
Meanwhile  Belvera convinces Lora to join her.
The two distracts Ghidorah.
Suddenly  the time-capsule cocoon explodes.
Rainbow Mothra emerges  this time plating all over it.
Yet  another battle takes place.
This time Ghidorah is no match.
Who first slices Ghidorah s wing off  and then proceeds to completely disintegrate the monster.
Armor Mothra then communicates  telling them to join their powers and  using the sword  brings Moll back to life.
The touching reunion is.
Belvera calls and flies off.
The children are reunited.
Armor Mothra transforms and flies into the sunset.
<EOS>
Farmer Chris Lowe meets and falls.
She is a city girl through and through.
The wedding goes to live.
Chris realises  buys her a strawberry roan calf to look.
The transition will be difficult  and in an attempt to ease her into farm life.
Unfortunately Molly finds the adjustment and does not settle down.
She fails to integrate and starts to feel.
She has made a big mistake.
She tries to quell her unhappiness  but goes to excess and eventually leaves Chris facing financial ruin.
She takes off on her horse and suffers a fatal fall  leaving.
Chris destitute and overcome.
<EOS>
Chiru acted under the direction of KRR for the first time in his career.
Chiru gets more footage in this film.
Sobhan babu and sridevi  love to marry soon.
Who are.
Chiru is a local rowdysheeter.
Who has a relationship.
Sridevi tries to keep herself away.
Sobhan decides to give her new life.
But  chiru has his eyes  but gets bashed up by sobhan few times.
He develops personal grudge.
Oneday   chiru spots her alone waiting.
When sobhan and sridevi are about to get married.
He rapes her.
Unable to bear this humiliation  she commits suicide.
Sobhan reaches there.
She dies.
He vows to take revenge.
Sobhan kills chiru and is sentenced to death.
We are shown.
Sobhan meets sridevi.
<EOS>
The ending is changed in this film to a highly dramatic one by having Trilby die  instead of dying of a mysterious illness a few days later.
Svengali is stricken.
She faints.
He collapses.
Svengali revives long enough to gasp  Oh God  grant me.
What you denied me.
I love.
Trilby then dies.
Billee survives.
<EOS>
The film takes place.
Where McCreedy has been locked after blowing up the film studio because of the Hobgoblins  which occurred at the end the first film.
Kevin and his friends are now.
Their Professor introduces them.
Who warns them that it is still possible to be attacked.
Kevin and his friends re-encounter the Hobgoblins and must fight against them to save their lives.
<EOS>
Hamzah  a factory manager  is having an affair and is also planning a strike in the factory.
Two  initially co-conspirators  decide to put an end to his plan.
<EOS>
Jake Cassevetes is a world renowned cameraman.
Who has just arrived back.
S.
Invasion. 
Jake does not buy.
Disillusioned. 
Jake is growing.
Jake befriends a young boy  and in time meets his mother  Tina Santiago  a pretty young widow.
Whose husband died while serving.
Jake then gets an assignment to shoot  there he meets Seven  one of the young leaders of a masked anarchist Black Bloc.
Jake quickly wins the trust and is allowed to shadow them.
They move.
Later that night   the videotape is returned to the network with the rest of his footage by Jake s Girlfriend and co-worker Chloe  without Jake s permission.
He is told.
When he goes to retrieve the tape.
The network made a deal to review all footage to look for potential terror suspects.
Which is.
Realizing the danger.
The Black Bloc itself  Jake decides to use his skills and access.
<EOS>
The film depicts 30 years in Los Angeles.
It focuses.
Who. 
D.
And Mundo  form their own gang.
They soon find themselves and are arrested.
Santana murders a fellow inmate.
Who d raped him and  has his sentence extended into Folsom prison after he turns.
Once there  Santana becomes the leader.
He tries to relate his life experiences to the society.
Has changed so much since he left.
La Eme has become a feared criminal organization  selling drugs and committing murder.
Santana starts to see the error.
Is sent back for drug possession.
He can take action.
There  he tells his former lieutenant  J.
D.
He is no longer interested.
However   his men murder him to show the other prison gangs.
They are not weak.
<EOS>
Spanky  Alfalfa  Buckwheat  Porky  and Waldo are anxious to get out.
They overhear the superindendant.
Who wants to close the school.
She was initially denied stating.
Only an epidemic would justify closing school.
So Spanky decides to stage a phony epidemic.
This time  it is the measles  requiring the boys to paint blotches.
The plan comes.
When  while visiting the doctor  the boys are led to believe that Buckwheat has been transformed.
Spanky thinks.
Buckwheat is still a monkey.
That was.
When he found out that the superintendent changed her mind and decided to let Miss Lawrence to attend the wedding after all and the school would be closed.
Then Buckwheat comes out.
They all learn.
Buckwheat did not become a monkey.
<EOS>
A pow wow opening features a medicine man tossing a knife and tomahawk to test his faith in the Great One and true courage.
He also shoots an arrow to test his purity of heart.
Jim Varney reprises his role.
Worrell  working and hoping to become a counselor.
He pours himself into the role and quickly becomes a valuable addition to the staff  in particular for his passion at learning the specialized sign language used by Kikakee s owner  Chief St.
Cloud.
Who does not speak English.
Ernest gets his chance.
When he is assigned a small group from Midstate Boys Detention Center that the regular counselors are hesitant to take on -- primarily because the group hospitalized their first counselor  Ross Stennis  by pushing his lifeguard chair into the lake while he was sitting in it.
Ernest quickly takes the side  due to his compassion and for having suffered his own abuse at the hands of the militant Counselor Stennis.
However  the boys start to show a little respect.
When Nurse St.
Cloud translates her grandfather s description.
The initiate must hold still.
A knife  a stone hatchet  and an arrow are thrown or shot.
It is implied.
The courage actually alters the course of all three to prevent his death.
Meanwhile  an evil mining corporation run has its sights on Kikakee  a site rich with the fictional mineral petrocite.
However  Chief St.
Cloud refuses to sell.
Krader manipulates Ernest  one  into convincing St.
Who speaks the chief s language.
Cloud to sign away the land  believing it to be a conservation petition.
Using Ernest.
Cloud signs the deed away.
Nurse St.
Cloud  tries to talk Ernest out.
She can get a lawyer.
She firmly believes.
They can win the case if they can get.
Ernest objects  knowing  Krader will already be tearing down the camp.
They can get to a hearing.
Ernest decides to fix the situation.
He mainly chooses to do this out.
He leaves the camp.
Ernest is savagely beaten.
When Nurse St.
Cloud overhears  she chastises them and reveals  mostly.
The kids verbally demeaning Ernest s effort.
Ernest is the only person who has defended them.
He was the only one who really cared.
They resolve to find him and apologize.
When they learn that Ernest has made on their behalf.
Ernest and the campers quickly mend their relationship through their newfound respect for him.
Even so  Krader is poised to demolish Kikakee.
The group decides to risk openly attacking the construction site to stall.
When the regular staff and campers are sent home.
Recruiting the Second Chancers  the two regular campers and the chefs Jake and Eddie  Ernest plans a full-scale assault.
Who usually picked.
The construction company begins to demolish Kikakee.
The group works feverishly to create a series into piles of explosives and flammable barrels.
The company had stacked up.
They also catapult.
Who have had parachutes attached.
Prior.
Cloud arrives to pass  though Nurse St.
Cloud begs them not to go through.
The assault quickly cripples the construction site s equipment.
The campers take small revenge by filling the back of Ernest s motorized maintenance cart with explosives and rolling it into the bulldozer.
Ernest then knocks out the foreman.
Krader then arrives and pulls out his high-powered hunting rifle  targeting Ernest.
Echoing Kikakee s ancient testimonial pow wow  Ernest faces down Krader and apparently passes the age old test.
Krader takes three shots  missing every time.
Ernest then plugs Krader s hunting rifle and laughs in his face  signaling his defeat.
The boys and Ernest succeed.
The land and Kamp Kikakee remains to enjoy -- particularly when Nurse St.
Cloud returns.
Ernest remains a counselor.
He also still remains his clumsy  inept self.
<EOS>
A group is attacked during a rescue mission in Algeria by jinn.
New Tiny Teaser Art  Djinns.
<EOS>
Asuka  played  are young girls.
Who live  where being fashionable is a not a social cliche  but a social requirement.
They find.
The girl s are leading two different kinds.
They must decide how much they must give up in order to find true love.
The movie follows the story.
She compromises herself in order to get what she thinks she wants.
Instead  she finds something entirely different.
She never knew she wanted or needed.
<EOS>
Diana Whitcombe works.
She makes her way and takes up employment in a hairdressing salon  and moves into the same hostel.
When chance provides her.
Where she befriends French fellow assistant Annette.
Which Annette is living.
One day Diana spots a kitten on a busy road  and dashes into the traffic to rescue it.
Her kind action is witnessed.
Who strikes up a conversation and invites her.
Diana is worried.
Has nothing suitable to wear  but is delighted when Annette produces a beautiful dress which she offers to loan to her.
Unknown to Diana however  the dress has been stolen from her wealthy employer  and passed to Annette for.
It is sold.
Diana and Jerry meet.
Unfortunately  also present is the Countess Delavell lunching.
It is the Countess  stolen dress.
Diana is wearing.
Explaining  proposes to Diana.
He has to leave.
She accepts.
Meanwhile the Countess  maid  aware  steals some valuable jewellery  alerts Annette and the pair take off.
She is already.
The Countess  believing Annette to be implicated  visits the salon  identifies Diana as the girl.
Who was wearing her dress.
Diana is arrested.
She is found guilty and imprisoned.
She writes at the address  but receives no acknowledgement.
He has given her.
Jerry has in fact been seriously injured en route to Scotland and is hospitalised for a lengthy period.
Unaware  Diana believes.
He has abandoned her.
She decides to seek stage work and runs into Dudley.
Dudley believes and.
She has been wronged  and offers her accommodation.
He soon falls with her and asks her to marry him.
Jerry is finally released to London to look for Diana.
Finding her living s flat  he confronts her over her fickleness.
She sends him away.
She realises.
It would be unfair to marry Dudley  so in despair she leaves London and returns to her home village.
Aware.
What the situation must be.
Where he engineers a reconciliation.
<EOS>
The story begins.
Amy Fisher lies.
Earlier  she had attempted to commit suicide.
Her parents caught her and took her.
She thinks back.
Amy rests.
Amy s parents bought her a brand new car for her sixteenth birthday.
Amy loved the car.
Her parents did nt want her to take advantage.
She had a new car.
Amy spends her birthday at a friend s house.
She had previously gone.
Her father also did nt like the fact.
She was wearing such a revealing outfit.
She flirted  by looking at him with the corner of her eye  with a seductive smile on her face.
Amy gets  crashing her car.
Her father takes her.
She flirts  asking him a lot of questions about his personal life.
She begins crashing her car  using it as an excuse to see Joey again.
Eventually  the two begin an affair.
He is.
She s.
Amy becomes increasingly desperate.
She felt strongly.
He was the one.
She constantly wanted to spend time.
Though she knew he was married.
Amy decided to hire someone to kill her.
When he refused to leave Mary Jo.
All her potential accomplices proved unwilling to get the job done  so Amy eventually decides to kill Mary Jo herself.
Amy goes and tells Mary Jo.
Joey was cheating with Amy s younger sister.
Amy showed her the.
When Mary Jo expressed disbelief.
Joey had given her.
Mary Jo still did nt believe Amy  saying.
Joey gave that shirt.
She took out her gun and shot Mary Jo.
Mary Jo was about to close the door.
The shot did nt kill Mary Jo.
It left her face partially paralyzed.
Joey realized.
It was Amy who had shot his wife.
Mary Jo confirmed this.
When she had to choose out.
The reports spread through the media.
She was given the nickname Long Island Lolita.
Eventually   Amy was sentenced to five to fifteen years in jail.
Joey Buttafuoco was convicted and served six months in prison.
<EOS>
The film follows Vietnam veteran Herschell.
Who  whilst riding down the highway  helps a young religious girl called Angel  whose car has broken down.
She takes Herschell back.
Where her sister  Anne and many local friends are smoking pot.
Herschell refuses to smoke any   Anne continues attempting to seduce him.
Angel had warned him  however.
Angel decides.
Herschell should stay until he gets back on his feet in life.
Anne encourages Herschell to smoke a joint  he does  and finds himself addicted.
Herschell gets a job.
Where he meets two scientists who are experimenting.
Herschell agrees to participate by eating some of the turkey meat  to convince him to agree  the scientists bribe him with more marijuana.
He passes out on the farm.
He suffers.
A seizure and the two scientists later find him.
Worried  they dump his body in the woodlands.
But Herschell is not dead -- he wakes up to find.
He has a giant turkey s head.
He is also still addicted  he now craves the blood of other addicts.
He comes.
At first she agrees.
However   Anne finally appeals to stop Herschell by beheading him with a machete.
Herschell kills three people to appease his habit.
The action jumps back again waking up in the woods -- the entire sequence was only a hallucination.
As the turkey-headed Herschell is killed.
Which Herschell has a turkey head.
He is discovered.
Who contacts Angel where she volunteers.
Angel comes to collect Herschell and   takes him to the center to recover from his addiction.
Herschell is reunited with a joyous Anne.
Director Brad Grinter periodically appears to offer his commentary on the action.
<EOS>
What starts.
A comedy ends up a uniquely erotic journey.
Rebecca has a very unusual secret.
That not even her best friends know about.
The last person.
She expects to reveal it.
<EOS>
Soldiers are being brutally murdered.
They suspect.
It is a wild cat.
Two local ladies  Joyce Balentine and Ellie suspect.
It may be their brother  Steven  a man who has been locked.
<EOS>
Prakashraj and Seetha have son named Surendhar.
Sumathi is the daughter.
Sumathi lived and enjoyed luxurious life in her childhood.
However  her father Sarathbabu lost.
His wealth and his family is pushed.
Seetha s family shifts their base to Sumathi s house.
Sumathi approaches her.
Seetha is impressed and takes her as her maid.
Seetha comes to know.
House being occupied was owned by her maid s family.
Seetha is influenced.
She expresses her desire to make Sumathi.
Sumathi accepts her request.
Seetha communicates.
She has chosen who her daughter and that she would let her identity be known when she meets them in person in their new home.
But unfortunately she dies before communicating the identity of her daughter in law.
Prithiviraj vows to locate and marry a girl identified by her mother.
Bhagyaraj snoops around to find out the girl identified.
Who moves to Prakashraj and Prithiviraj house.
<EOS>
Thomas Dufresne is the black sheep.
One day  he meets a free-spirited waitress named Audrey.
Who changes his life.
Thomas eventually finds out the truth.
May change his family forever.
<EOS>
Mario Lopez is a child  the son.
He tries to convince himself.
His father is disowned to play it.
This is a temporary decline.
He will return.
Reject the world of football and the street  arguing  isolating him.
It is a primitive world and inadequate.
Only his son remains a major fan.
Dying  he tries to please his fans once more and regain his legendary status.
<EOS>
The film follows a three women.
Who deeply inhabit their cinematic roles.
Facing poverty  the three move down hospital.
They then begin the work.
Trying to make their living quarters habitable  and still find time out.
<EOS>
The film tells the story.
Who wrote the song Jeanie from which the title is taken.
<EOS>
Life is a constant struggle.
She reluctantly accepts stage actor-friend Sundari s suggestion to go  and joins her theatre group  Kala Mandhiram.
Success smiles.
She soon becomes an idol.
Sampath  a suave swindler  befriends Malini and takes control.
He persuades her to start her own theatre company.
A puppet  Malini severs ties with those.
Who have helped her.
Soon she is and back at the bottom of the ladder.
Sampath abandons her.
Sundari and others come.
Malini goes back and begins her life anew  sadder but certainly wiser.
<EOS>
Ayalum Njanum Thammil is a candid and honest story.
A picture of the medical profession is drawn vividly.
Prathap Pothan portrays the doctor.
Who   lives a lonely life and Prithviraj appears as the junior doctor.
<EOS>
The Angels  Dylan  Natalie and Alex  are hired to locate a set.
When put together  will display a list of all individuals in the witness protection program.
Having discovered  the Angels investigate the scene and discover evidence suggesting.
One person has been killed.
The killer is a surfer.
Having tracked the killer it is revealed and is in the program herself for sending her former boyfriend Seamus - a member of the OGrady mafia family - to jail.
Who is subsequently sent for protection.
Angel Dylan was once named Helen Zaas.
Dylan leaves the Angels.
They recover the rings.
She does nt want to endanger them.
A vision prompts her to return.
Dylan and the others deduce.
Former angel Madison Lee is the perpetrator.
Learning  the Angels travel.
The rings will be sold.
They set the Antonioni Crime Family  the Tanaka Yakuza  and the Diablo Cartel up to be caught in a faked rendezvous.
Alex and Dylan take out the OGradys.
Natalie and Madison go head-to-head themselves.
The Angels defeat her.
Madison tries to escape.
As she fires her gun  causing an explosion that kills her.
The film ends.
<EOS>
Danny Maccabee is a successful plastic surgeon.
Who feigns unhappy marriages to get women  and to avoid romantic commitment that may lead to heartbreak.
The only woman aware is his office manager and best friend Katherine Murphy  a divorced mother of two.
Danny meets Palmer  a sixth grade math teacher  without his wedding ring on.
They have a connection together.
The next morning  she finds the ring and assumes.
He is married.
She refuses to date him.
Her parents divorced due to adultery and does not want to be an adulteress herself.
Danny tells her.
He is getting divorced.
Danny tells Palmer.
They are getting divorced because she cheated with a man named Dolph Lundgren.
Palmer then insists.
Danny asks Katherine to pose.
They go shopping to dress like a trophy wife.
A made-over Katherine/Devlin then meets and gives them her blessing.
However   Palmer assumes.
Her kids are Danny s as well.
Danny then privately meets to get them to play along with the ruse.
Palmer meets the kids.
Who then blackmail Danny to take them all to Hawaii.
They are all surprised by Danny s goofball cousin Eddie.
Who has adopted an Austrian disguise that Danny had made up earlier.
To maintain the lies  Danny and Katherine are forced to bring him along.
Danny tells Eddie.
He is considering asking Palmer to marry him.
Katherine and Danny also run Ian.
Who allegedly invented the iPod.
Katherine introduces Danny as her husband rather than admit.
She is a single mother.
Later  Palmer decides to spend time.
That Danny can spend more time.
Danny teaches Michael.
To swim.
Katherine and Palmer look on.
Katherine again runs.
Who invites her and Danny out.
Eddie agrees to take Palmer out.
That Danny can go.
Eddie s cover is nearly blown.
He is supposed to be a sheep salesman.
When he is forced to save the life.
Devlin asks Danny and Katherine to tell each other  and   they start to feel a connection.
What they admire most.
Danny and Katherine talk.
Later   Palmer suggests.
When Palmer and Eddie return.
She and Danny get married now  since a drunken Eddie told her.
Danny and Katherine are both surprised.
Danny ultimately agrees.
Danny later calls Katherine.
Katherine says.
She will be taking a job to get a fresh start to her life.
The next day  Palmer confronts Katherine.
Katherine dismisses.
Katherine then runs at a bar and admits.
She pretended being married to avoid embarrassment.
Devlin confesses.
She is divorcing Ian because he is gay and also that he did not invent the iPod but made his money.
Katherine confides about being in love with Danny.
Then Danny shows up.
He is not marrying Palmer and that he is.
Meanwhile   Palmer meets a professional tennis player.
Who shares her interests.
Sometime later  Danny and Katherine get married.
<EOS>
The film tells the story.
Who fought off an assault.
43 Punjab jawans were killed.
Their deaths are reenacted.
Who held their positions until reinforcements came.
The film aims to depict the sacrifices and achievements in the Global War on Terrorism as well as the Pakistan Army s glorious resolve to uproot the menace of terrorism from the land of the pure.
<EOS>
Architect Gordon Wales finds.
Fellow apartment building resident Marcia Tallant locked out and flirts.
<EOS>
An Irishman Murphy is the sole survivor of the crew of a merchant ship  Mount Kyle.
Has been sunk.
Murphy makes it ashore.
Where he is treated.
He sets about obsessively plotting his revenge to sink it by any means  including using a surviving Grumman J2F Duck from the Mount Kyle.
When he discovers the U-Boat is hiding further.
The floatplane had been recovered  the wounded pilot later being shot dead by the U-boat captain.
Order to preserve the secret and  presumably  its action in shooting survivors in the water.
Murphy learns.
Discovering. 
The controls work.
This extensive flying scene involves lots.
Murphy soon finds the U-boat s hiding place and attempts to bomb it using home-made Molotov cocktail bombs  an attempt.
Fails. 
Meanwhile  word has come  however  Murphy is obsessed and makes plans to ram the U-boat with a floating crane owned by the friendly Frenchman Louis  played by respected French actor Philippe Noiret.
Germany has surrendered.
This also fails under him.
However  the dived U-boat becomes stuck.
Murphy uses the crane to recover a torpedo fired earlier and drops it on the trapped crew  killing them.
However  Murphy is also doomed  the explosion causes the crane jib to pin him to the deck as the floating crane sinks to the river bed.
<EOS>
19-year-old Claude begins a 10-year sentence.
Rousseau  a member  attempts to rape him soon after his entry.
Claude is not a novice at fighting and dissuades him.
Tarzan puts out a contract to assassinate him.
The leader reveals the contract to Claude and offers his protection.
Claude will fight.
The two gangs hold public boxing events to avoid all-out war.
Claude accepts  but of the power games playing out in the background.
Claude becomes friends.
He tells them.
Led and finally involuntary manslaughter during their escape.
Lucia is later found dead.
Claude quits the fights  and befriends a man known.
The Phantom helps him escape.
Claude is raped.
Claude rejoins Karine  but on a delivery comes across one of the gang members  arranges a meeting  and murders him.
Who aided.
He is arrested and returned  to learn of Jacques  suicide.
Is transferred.
After he is subdued when he learns that he has AIDS  and.
The movie ends to Karine informing her of his transfer.
<EOS>
The film has an interaction.
Who lost his parents on 26th July.
Ajay Devgan then shares his own bad experience.
<EOS>
Kim Stacy and Morgan are two CIA agents.
<EOS>
Nihongo is a nihongo.
Who is travelling Japan.
She is befriended.
Who told her that he rescued her.
They travel.
They are plagued.
This group is led.
Who is excellent but who has a deformed face.
Ichi is befriended.
Who lives.
They are followed by five Bankito.
Who threaten to take their money.
He was challenged.
Toma refuses.
He is unable to draw his sword.
Ichi slays the gang.
The Shirakawa leader s son  Toraji  assumes.
It was Toma who slew the men and makes him his personal bodyguard.
Ichi is convinced to stay in the hope of Zatoichi passing through.
Toma confesses.
Although has fighting skills he is unable to draw his sword for blinding his mother in an accident.
The Bankito plan their revenge.
They kill the head.
Toma is unable to defend anyone and is left unconscious.
Ichi admits.
It was her who killed the earlier men.
The second-in-command is convinced and takes her to the mountains to meet their leader  Banki.
Who doubted her skills.
He has met her father.
She was thrown and left to die.
We were able to see Ichi s backstory.
Ichi was born blind.
Zatoichi rescued her and left her in the care of a group of nihongo  visiting her and secretly teaching her the techniques.
Zatoichi had mastered.
Ichi grew up to be a musically talented and beautiful woman.
She was raped by one of the patrons.
She was later exiled.
If it broke the other members  hearts as it is forbidden to have lovers or marry.
She pleaded.
Who had raped her to talk so she can go back to the group.
He mocked her instead and tried to attack her again.
She was able to draw her sword and killed him.
Is hidden.
Ichi then travelled Japan to look instead.
Toma was attacked.
Toraji told him.
They still need his help to defeat the Bankito.
He went to their hideout and was able to save Ichi.
Banki swore revenge.
Ichi explained the reason.
Recovering. 
She s searching.
She wanted to see him one last time.
She commits suicide.
Toma as able to convince her to go.
Later   Toma left her to go help the Shirakawa fight the Bankito.
She slept.
Ichi woke up.
Kotaro told her.
S going on.
The Yakuzas were outnumbered.
Still  Toma was unable to draw his sword.
But  Toma stepped forward  ready to fight.
When Banki demanded for him to fight him.
He was able to overcome his guilt and was able to draw his sword.
The two men fight  Toma showed everyone.
He is indeed an adept swordsman.
Toma was able to give a fatal strike.
Banki gave him a fatal strike as well.
Toma dies and tells her not to lose hope.
Banki tried to charge.
She was able to draw her sword again and finally killed the clan leader.
Whose horribly scarred face was later revealed.
Fearing  the few remaining members if the Bankito fled.
Later we see Toraji rebuilding his town and assuming the leadership.
Ichi.
Ichi played his favorite song one last time.
Resuming her search  she bid her friend Kotaro farewell and gave him a keepsake.
She said  she needed light.
Kotaro was right all along.
<EOS>
Mel Coplin and his wife  Nancy  live.
Mel and Nancy have just had their first child.
Mel wo nt decide.
He can discover the identity.
Mel decides to meet her personally.
An adoption agency employee locates his biological mother s name.
Tina  the sexy but highly incompetent adoption agency employee  decides to accompany Mel  Nancy  and the newborn to San Diego to meet Mel s biological mother.
The trip   does not go as planned  and ends up becoming a tour of the United States.
First  Mel is introduced.
Whose twin daughters are at least six inches taller.
They quickly realize.
Valerie is not Mel s biological mother.
Tina scrambles to get the correct information.
Meanwhile  Nancy becomes.
Jealous begin to flirt.
Next  the group heads with the hope of meeting the man.
Whose name appears.
The man  Fritz Boudreau  turns out to be a trucker.
However   he becomes instantly friendly and lets Mel drive his semi-trailer truck.
When he discovers that Mel might be his son.
Mel immediately crashes.
This leads.
Who are gay.
It is discovered.
Tony and Nancy went together.
Charges are dismissed.
Fritz Boudreau tells Mel  but only handled Mel s adoption.
He is not Mel s father.
Mel s biological parents were indisposed.
Tina locates the current address.
Turns out to be.
Tony and Paul surprise everyone.
Nancy finds herself flirting.
Mel and Tina become close.
Who returns the compliment  causing friction.
The trip is fraught with more problems.
The whole crowd descends on the front porch of Mel s true biological parents  Richard and Mary Schlichting.
They are asked to stay the night.
Mel s biological brother Lonnie is overly rude and jealous.
Richard and Mary are more than welcoming.
It is.
Mel discovers that Richard and Mary had to let Mel be adopted because they were for making and distributing LSD in the late.
Not only that  continue to manufacture LSD.
Becomes apparent when Lonnie   accidentally doses Paul  the ATF agent.
Paul tries to arrest Richard.
Mary but Lonnie knocks him out.
They attempt to escape and decide to take Mel s car  hiding their supply.
Mel s adoptive parents arrive but then change their minds and decide to leave  taking the wrong car.
The two families crash.
When they change their minds again and make a blind.
Mel s adoptive parents are arrested.
His biological parents escape.
Not realizing Mel recounts the stories.
What has happened.
They agree to name the baby Garcia.
The next day Paul explains the situation and is able to get Mel s parents released.
They are happy and reassured to hear Mel call them his parents.
A montage continues over the credits.
They all still have their troubles.
Mel and Nancy are happy together.
<EOS>
Abel Marsh is a sarcastic  thick-skinned police chief -- the fictional Eden Landing  located somewhere between San Francisco and Los Angeles.
Where everyone knows each other.
Many rumors arise  the most notorious.
When one is killed under mysterious circumstances.
The victim was killed.
The police chief is initially inclined to believe this scenario.
New facts discount this hypothesis.
New developments complicate the investigation.
When crucial evidence starts to disappear.
The county sheriff is also trying to take control.
<EOS>
Nagabonar Jadi 2 is a comedy movie starring Deddy Mizwar and Tora Sudiro.
This movie is a sequel.
The story revolves.
Who became a self-proclaimed general.
The movie touches.
These subjects include patriotism  traditional values  and love.
The story begins.
When old Nagabonar comes to Jakarta at the request of his son  a successful young businessman who runs a large company with three of his closest friends  Pomo  Ronnie and Jaki.
Conflict and hilarity ensues.
When Bonaga tells his father the plan to sell their old palm plantation  where his mother and grandmother are buried along.
Nagabonar s outrage  Monita  At least he fought against during the war of independence.
What he thinks.
Nagabonar learns that the would-be buyers are Japanese  people who come from the very same country.
<EOS>
The setting is an airfield called RAF Halfpenny Field.
The action takes place.
Pilot Officer Peter Penrose is posted as a pilot to No 720 Squadron  There were two units.
That name No 720 Squadron RAF was a non-flying  airfield defence unit of the RAF Regiment.
The only British flying unit known was a Fleet Air Arm squadron  during the war it was a flying boat unit attached to the Royal New Zealand Navy.
Bristol Blenheim pilot  and is assigned to B Flight  under Flight Lieutenant David Archdale.
Archdale takes over.
When No 720 Sqn s commanding officer  Squadron Leader Carter is shot down.
Whilst Penrose develops  he meets Iris Winterton  a young woman staying with her domineering aunt at the Golden Lion pub in the nearby village.
Archdale marries Miss Todd  the popular manageress.
Who is known as Toddy.
The Archdales later have a son  Peter.
The action flashes forward.
When No 720 Sqn is now flying Douglas Bostons.
Archdale has him posted  but is himself shot down and killed over France on Penrose s last mission.
When Penrose shows signs from extensive combat.
Penrose had been courting Iris.
Archdale s fate weighs heavily.
Not wanting Iris to suffer  he stops seeing her.
The same happened.
No 720 Sqn is sent.
Penrose remains behind.
Takes. 
Penrose befriends USAAF Captain Johnny Hollis and Lieutenant Joe Friselli.
The American airmen participate in the first attack by the USAAF on Occupied France  ruefully acknowledging.
They underestimated the difficulties involved.
Afterwards  Penrose is posted.
Now a Squadron Leader and pathfinder pilot  makes an emergency landing at Halfpenny Field.
Where he meets Iris again.
Iris had decided to leave her aunt and join up.
Toddy persuades a still reluctant Penrose to propose  saying.
She did not regret her own marriage.
Hollis   is killed.
Who has formed a platonic relationship.
Risk it crashing.
<EOS>
The death brings a Thai-American couple  Wit and Dang  back to Bangkok for the first time in many years.
Arriving at around 5 a.
M. 
They check.
Suffering  Dang wants to sleep.
Her husband Wit is restless and heads down to buy some cigarettes.
Dang finds a small paper.
Unpacking their luggage.
She is immediately suspicious.
Wit meets Ploy  a young woman.
Who says she is waiting.
The two bond then invites Ploy to come up to the hotel room.
Where she can take a shower and rest while she awaits her mother.
Dang opens the door and sees Ploy.
Dang is pleasant and friendly.
She is seething with anger and jealousy.
She has bouts  followed by hallucinations / nightmares.
Fitfully  the three people try to sleep.
Dang and Wit discuss their seven-year marriage  and wonder.
The love has gone out.
Meanwhile  a hotel maid  Tum  has stolen a guest s suit.
She takes it up and hangs it in the closet.
Nut  the silent  weary bartender  enters the room and puts.
He then finds Tum hiding  and proceeds to kiss her and caress her.
The couple starts having a sexual relationship.
Back  Dang becomes more upset  and decides to leave.
Wit wakes up to find Dang gone.
Then he and Ploy sit and smoke cigarettes and talk.
They discuss and think to keep the flame lit.
Married life begins to lose its sheen eventually.
Ploy eventually leaves the hotel room.
When Wit falls asleep.
She examines the room.
Which she thinks the maid and the bartender had sex.
She apparently has a dream.
Dang finds a coffee shop  she took.
Where she takes a seat and pours some vodka in it from a small bottle.
She is noticed.
Who is using his laptop computer.
He recognizes Dang as a famous television soap opera actress and invites her back to his home for some more drinks.
Dang   eventually throws up.
Who has already had quite a bit to drink.
Moo  spikes her last drink and tries to get closer.
He attacks and rapes her.
When Dang turns down his advances.
She puts up a fight.
They end up playing a game.
When Dang s life is.
Would end dead.
The film ends leaving Thailand    he is happy to have Dang back with him.
Dang says nothing with the rapist  Moo.
When Wit sees her back.
He places his hand in the taxi  and sincerely tells her he loves her.
She had earlier expressed longing to hear.
Dang smiles  and rests her head.
They exit Thailand to return.
<EOS>
Naruto Uzumaki is sent.
He is declared responsible.
Once there  nihongo  the head  places the -LCB- -LCB- Nihongo3 -RCB- -RCB- seal on Naruto.
Limits his chakra.
Naruto uses a clone as a decoy to escape from prison.
His clone is secretly taken by Mui to have the Nine-tailed beast s chakra extracted.
Leads him to learn.
Naruto is shortly recaptured and placed.
Delays Mui s plans.
Naruto befriends nihongo  a female ninja from the Hidden Grass Village pretending to be a male inmate.
She explains Mui and a select few to imprison him.
They may extract the Nine tails  chakra to release the seal.
Ryuzetsu also shares her plans to avenge her childhood friend nihongo  Mui s son.
Whom was sacrificed.
Naruto accepts her offer to destroy the box.
It is unsealed.
They begin their plan.
Distracts the guards and allows Naruto to find the room.
He is then captured and has his chakra extracted.
Unlocks the box.
Disregarding his collaborators commands  Mui asks the box to return his son.
Muku is released and is possessed by the box s demon  nihongo.
He fatally wounds his father  transforms  and goes on a rampage.
Naruto enters Sage Mode but is unable to defeat it.
He is assisted from the Leaf Village and Cloud Village.
Who were aware.
Naruto and Ryuzetsu are fatally wounded.
Mui regains consciousness and seals Muku.
Gives Naruto a chance.
Muku returns  has a short bonding experience with his father  and kills him.
When Satori regains control.
Muku then kills himself.
The prisoners are free from the Tenrou and attempt to escape from prison but are quickly recaptured.
Ryuzetsu uses a technique.
Naruto nears death.
Sacrifices her life to save him.
The Box of Enlightenment is thrown into the ocean and Naruto returns to his comrades after burying Mui and Ryuzetsu.
<EOS>
The film opens.
Landry is waiting.
They plan to marry.
Alma also loves Conrad  and would like Sylvia to marry her brother-in-law Larry  a gambler and criminal.
Alma arranges to be caught in a compromising situation by Conrad.
When he returns.
He leaves.
Larry kills a man.
Sylvia returns.
Landry meets Rev.
Jacobs  a minister.
Who runs a rural school.
The school is overcrowded.
He can not continue.
Landry volunteers to return to the North to raise $.
She has difficult raising money.
Her purse is stolen  but it is recovered.
Almost hit  Landry meets the owner  Elena Warwick  a wealthy philanthropist.
She saves a young child playing.
Learning  she decides to give her the needed money.
Warwick increases her donation.
When her Southern friend  Mrs Stratton  tries to discourage her.
This amount will save the school and Landry returns.
Meanwhile  Dr Vivian has fallen with Sylvia.
He goes.
Who tells him.
Sylvia was adopted and raised.
Who managed to provide her.
The senior Landry was wrongfully accused of the murder of an unpopular but wealthy white landlord  Gridlestone.
A white mob attacked the Landry family  lynching the parents and hunting down their son.
Who escaped.
The mob also lynched Efram  a servant.
Sylvia escaped.
Who was close.
Noticing a scar  Gridlestone s brother realized.
Sylvia was his mixed-race daughter  born with a local black woman.
He had paid.
Dr Vivian meets with Sylvia  he encourages her to love her country and take pride in the contributions of African Americans.
He professes his love.
The film ends.
<EOS>
A new teacher organizes a volleyball game to boost school spirit and self confidence.
Two run away.
The teacher s liberal methods and free thinking are blamed.
The teacher is fired and tries to sneak away.
She succeeded.
<EOS>
A young Roy Hobbs plays baseball.
Roy s father dies suddenly.
That tree is split by lightning.
Roy carves a baseball bat.
He burns a lightning bolt and calls it Wonderboy.
A 19-year old Hobbs is granted a tryout by the Chicago Cubs as a pitcher.
The train makes a stop at a carnival.
Roy is challenged to strike out The Whammer  the top hitter.
He does so  including a sportswriter named Max Mercy.
Who draws a picture.
Back  the naive Hobbs is seduced by Harriet Byrd  an alluring woman.
Who gravitates after judging that he  rather than The Whammer  is now the best baseball player in the world.
Byrd lures Hobbs  shoots him  and then jumps out the window to her death.
It is later revealed  having already murdered two others.
Byrd kills rising athletes.
The story skips forward.
The New York Knights have signed the now 35-year-old Hobbs  to the ire of the team s manager and co-owner  Pop Fisher.
Pop is angry about being saddled with a middle-aged rookie and refuses to even let him participate in team practice.
Which Roy is told he is to be sent back.
The team s star player  Bump Bailey  angers.
Pop and Roy is sent to pinch hit.
Pop encourages Hobbs to knock the cover.
Hobbs literally does  providing the game-winning hit.
Roy takes over and plays phenomenally  becoming the league s sensation and single-handedly turning the Knights  fortunes around.
Bump dies running.
Hobbs  success prompts Mercy to try to unearth details.
Hobbs is uncooperative.
Mercy starts a rumor.
Wonderboy is a loaded bat.
The allegation is disproven.
When the league weighs and measures the bat  which meets specifications.
Roy is soon summoned.
Beforehand  Pop s assistant  Red  informs Roy.
The Judge has an interest  since Pop is obligated to sell his share to The Judge if the Knights fail to win the National League pennant.
To ensure that result  The Judge had ordered his chief scout to stock the roster.
The Judge inquires but is rebuffed.
The Judge then offers him a new contract to throw the season.
Hobbs makes it clear.
He is committed.
Gambler Gus Sands and The Judge devise a plan to manipulate him  Memo Paris  Pop s niece  and Bump s former girlfriend  is sent to seduce Roy.
Mercy sees Roy pitch and finally realizes.
Where he had seen Hobbs before.
He confronts Roy.
He drew after Roy struck out The Whammer and offers him $.
Roy is not interested.
Mercy introduces Roy to Gus and Memo.
Memo and Roy begin seeing each other regularly.
His niece is bad luck.
Hobbs comes to bat in the top of the ninth with the Knights trailing by one run with a man on third.
He sees.
A woman stand up in the crowd  illuminated by sunlight.
He promptly hits a game-winning home run.
Shatters the scoreboard clock.
Roy realizes.
The woman is his childhood sweetheart  Iris.
They meet.
She attends the next day s game.
Which Hobbs hits four home runs.
Later  they go.
A walk and Roy confides his shooting and how he lost his way.
Iris is sympathetic.
They return.
Roy notices a baseball glove.
Iris informs him belongs.
Roy wonders.
Where his father is.
Iris says.
He lives.
Roy is curious to meet the boy.
Iris tells him.
He should leave.
The Knights surge into first place  needing just one win in their final three games against the Philadelphia Phillies to clinch the pennant.
A victory party is held at Memo s.
Where Roy again refuses a payoff.
Memo feeds Roy a poisoned eclair  causing him to fall ill.
Roy awakens and learns.
The Knights lost their last three games  setting up a one-game playoff for the pennant.
The doctor informs Roy.
His stomach lining has been deteriorating due.
Hobbs is warned.
His stomach could tear apart and kill him if he continues to play ball.
Memo visits Roy and encourages him to accept Gus  payoff.
Roy later sneaks out to take batting practice  but collapses after a few swings.
Later that night  The Judge appears and increases his offer  Roy is in any condition to play.
Though he does nt think.
Hobbs refuses.
The Judge threatens to ruin Roy s image.
Were obtained.
The Judge also informs Roy  having bribed another key player.
He has a contingency plan.
The day  Iris visits Roy.
Who still blames himself.
Iris insists.
He s a great player anyway.
Roy responds.
He could have been the best there ever was.
Roy asks.
Whether her son is and whether they will be attending the game.
She says.
He is  but leaves.
The day goes to The Judge s office and returns The Judge s money.
Memo fires a gun.
Roy takes the gun and recognizes her similarity to Harriet Byrd.
Gus predicts.
Hobbs walks out.
The Knights will lose.
Hobbs heads.
Where a nervous Pop is shaving.
They converse briefly.
Pop tells Roy.
He s the best player he s ever coached and the best hitter he ever saw  and tells him to suit up.
Roy  injured and rusty  strikes out.
The Pirates take the lead.
When the Knights  starting pitcher  Fowler  surrenders a two-run homer.
Realizing Fowler is the player  Hobbs goes and tells him not to throw the game.
The Judge bribed.
Fowler replies.
He ll start pitching when Roy starts hitting.
Hobbs strikes out again  falling to the ground.
Iris  sitting  goes down to the railing and asks an usher to deliver a message to Roy.
The message says she.
Her son are.
Roy is the boy s father.
Shocked  Roy peers out but can not see them.
The Knights are still trailing 2-0 and are down to their final out.
Hobbs comes up.
The next two batters reach base.
The Pirates bring.
Hobbs fouls the first pitch back  breaking the glass.
Where Mercy had been sketching a cartoon as a goat.
Hobbs swings.
He hits.
What looks.
The ball hooks foul.
He sees.
Wonderboy is broken.
The batboy brings him his own handmade bat  the Savoy Special.
Roy had helped him make.
The catcher notices blood  and calls for an inside fastball to exploit Roy s injury.
Hobbs sends the ball into the lights above right field for the game.
Pennant-Winning home run.
The lights explode and sparks rain down the bases.
The screen fades.
Iris watches.
<EOS>
Englishman Jack Cardigan strikes gold and writes a letter  to tell her of the news.
He gives the letter.
Who poisons Cardigan s drink  throws his body and takes over his claim.
However.
She decides to investigate.
She tries to beat him there  then driving a fast car.
Blackstone goes back by train.
She arrives to find Cardigan still alive and recovering.
Cardigan gets his claim back and is reunited.
<EOS>
The film is held every year.
Kushti is the story.
Avtar Singh and Jiten Singh try to beat each other in the wrestling match and gain the trusteeship of the village.
Chander plays the role.
It filled.
Secret love-affairs and the outcome is simply hilarious.
The movie begins to take a turn.
When a certain someone delivers a secret package.
Especially someone.
Who is bound to take advantage and manipulate the real owner.
Avtar Singh has a young and a beautiful daughter named Laadli.
Who Chander is madly.
To get her father s approval he was to first prove his prowess by wrestling with the 7 and half feet tall Rama Krishna.
<EOS>
Gopi is a simpleton.
He gets married.
He is the family and faithful type.
She is a daredevil  happy-go-lucky type.
He represents the Indian values.
She would not mind taking a dive.
One day it was her birthday party.
She starts drinking and dancing.
Gopi feels ashamed.
He gets angry and slaps her  he noticed.
She ran away.
She wants to live abroad.
He wants to stay.
She walks out.
Mother wants the daughter-in-law back.
He decides to get the bride back but.
He goes to hunt for the runaway bride.
They keep meeting off and on.
He also succeeds.
She delivers a.
He becomes rich and famous.
He now walks away and comes back to his village and threatens to marry again.
The stage is set.
She appears.
She wants the child back.
Confrontation  She says.
She can not live.
He says.
She can not live then why did she want to separate his mother from her child.
She realises her mistake.
They marry.
<EOS>
The stop-motion animated comedy follows the story best friends and.
They attempt to rescue their buddy who has been accidentally dragged.
<EOS>
Foreign citizen Karbofos steals a rare species from a city zoo.
Famous Kolobki brothers tackle the investigation.
Karbofos obtains a certificate confirming.
He had bought a porcelain elephant.
Using this certificate he tries to get.
Luckily  the ingenious Kolobki arrive just.
<EOS>
A beautiful woman named  but is unable to find one.
Liu is searching.
She hears the avant-garde poetry.
Soon the two are married.
Chen discovers.
His new bride is violently temperamental and insanely jealous  who limits his activities and lifestyle.
Decrees. 
When a princess falls with the poet and the Emperor.
Chen must take the princess.
The love is put to the test.
<EOS>
The wife trains  and starts thinking about the son.
She gave up before.
She meets a British hitchhiker.
Dining. 
Who believes he is her son.
Years earlier  she was raped and gave up her son.
The son may be a figment.
They start to get to know each other.
The son starts to hate the husband.
The wife begins to fear.
<EOS>
Video games were synonymous with arcades.
Games were bringing to fill the Rose Bowl.
This led Iowa entrepreneur Walter Day to declare himself the sole authority.
Day launched his Twin Galaxies International Scoreboard.
Teenage superstars came to join Walter in a Life magazine feature spread.
Recognized them.
This led.
The film revisits Day and the Life players  now middle-aged men  and the dreams.
They reminisce.
Crashed. 
<EOS>
Aarti Verma is a widow.
She is an unattractive woman.
Aarti s husband died under mysterious circumstances.
Her father is one.
However   Aarti s world is completely destroyed.
When Aarti s father is murdered.
She does not find any sense  except bringing up her children.
Hiralal pretends to be a friend  and takes care like a father.
He brings his poor nephew Sanjay.
Who is also the lover.
She is intensely with Sanjay.
Nandini loves Aarti.
She finally agrees to help him rob Aarti.
He requests her to help him.
Slowly  Sanjay gets close.
Nandini and the rest convince Aarti to marry Sanjay.
Finally  she marries him.
The day  Aarti  Sanjay and Nandini go on a short trip.
Which Sanjay pushes Aarti into crocodile-infested waters  so that she dies.
He inherits her wealth.
The crocodile mauls Aarti and mutilates her body and face.
However  Aarti s body is not found.
Sanjay can not inherit the legacy.
Her death is established.
The family is in a hysterical situation.
Sanjay  becomes abusive to the children and Aarti s pets.
Aarti is found adrift.
All is occurring.
Who rescues her.
A few months later  the horribly-disfigured Aarti decides to return and avenge herself and her family.
She exchanges her expensive diamond earrings  using the money to pay for extensive plastic surgery  and becomes a stunningly beautiful woman  very different from her earlier self.
Aarti then changes her name and finds a job as a model in the same agency.
Where Nandini works as well.
Now a new person  her goal is to conquer Sanjay as a stranger  and kill him in the same way.
He had tried to kill her.
Aarti  now reincarnated  goes on a dangerous journey of murder and revenge.
She will not be satisfied.
She regains her home  family and dignity.
<EOS>
Catherine Sloper is a plain  painfully shy woman.
Whose emotionally detached father makes no secret.
She immediately is taken.
When she meets the charming Morris Townsend.
He lavishes  attention she so desperately seeks from her father.
Catherine falls madly.
They plan to marry.
Catherine s father believes and threatens to disinherit her.
Morris is courting Catherine only to get her inheritance.
She marries him.
Catherine does not care  and plans to elope.
They are to elope  Catherine eagerly waits at home for Morris to come and take her away.
He never arrives.
Catherine is heartbroken.
A day or so later  she has a bitter argument.
Who reveals he is dying.
She tells her father.
She still loves Morris and challenges him to change his will if he s afraid.
He does not and dies a short time later  leaving her his entire estate.
A few years later  Morris returns  having made nothing of himself.
Eyeing the Slopers  luxurious house.
Again he professes his love  claiming.
He left her behind because he could not bear to see her destitute.
Catherine pretends to forgive him and tells him.
She still wants to elope as they originally planned.
He promises to come back that night.
She tells him.
She ll start packing her bags.
Catherine takes her revenge.
When Morris returns.
She calmly orders the maid to bolt the door  leaving Morris locked outside  shouting her name.
Her aunt asks her.
She can be so cruel.
She responds  I have been taught.
The film fades out.
Morris  despairing cries echo unanswered.
<EOS>
Took shape.
What began over a written piece on the pheasantry s eventual replacement.
Dhodial Pheasantry  beyond everything else  and pheasant conservation  put Pakistan on the map.
It has done.
The documentary aims - to leave its viewers with facts.
Allow them to decide whether it is Hazara University or Dhodial Pheasantry that is faced with an unjust inevitability.
Adding a spiritual element.
Investigates the nature.
Robert Whale s decision to get married and stay back is an important element of the story being told.
He made a deal.
If he caught a glimpse on film  he would embrace Islam.
Now known  he converted to Islam in.
Furthermore  the documentary unravels.
The on-going conflict is concerned with the process of shifting habitats.
Sometimes  birds can die.
Is incomparable.
Another huge issue is reports.
The poultry farm that used to exist earlier experienced bird flu and other diseases.
Entire flocks of poultry were wiped out.
This is reinforced.
Whose NGO works.
He maintains.
There is the risk.
There is more danger.
There are no crosswinds because the location is surrounded.
The film exposes all sides.
Sheds light.
<EOS>
A business man notices a red cat seemingly waiting for something or someone.
He tells the story.
When he asks the steward.
He was adopted by a mother eagle.
He quickly learned to fly and had to say goodbye like all eagles.
One day  he noticed a bulldog chasing a female cat.
He saved her  using his ability to fly.
The cats fall with each other.
Every winter  the flying cat flies south.
He returns to his girlfriend  along with their flying kittens.
<EOS>
A group lost in middle America and arrive in Divinity Falls.
Where forgotten children have taken.
The teenagers have less to get out of the town.
However  they find.
Their car is destroyed.
The children are held accountable.
Alison  the leader  overhears.
The children are the adopted wards  a madman who considers himself the savior of the children  and the earthly representative of He Who Walks Behind The Rows.
Her brother is also.
They are stopped by Ezekiel.
Who could be considered the leader.
He informs them and must leave.
They are.
Alison is finally allowed to see Luke.
He informs her  only to be rejected for leaving him alone with their abusive father.
Her brother is there  and agrees to let her see him.
Jacob informs her.
He is engaged to be married.
Kir  one  eventually becomes a part of the cult after reading a passage out of their Bible.
Ezekiel holds a ceremony.
Who Walks.
Involves a child who has reached 18 years to leap into a flaming corn silo where the god is supposed to dwell.
Jacob is chosen.
He refuses and tells Ezekiel  angering him.
His religion is false.
Kir chooses to take the fateful course  and climbs to a fiery demise.
He leaves.
The rest wishes to leave the town.
Alison refuses to leave.
They leave her.
She eventually reads a message.
Jacob left her.
It translates to Help.
She realizes.
He wants to escape.
She enlists the help.
Greg   chooses to go back and help her.
Who has developed a crush.
The rest decide to go as well.
Alison   attempt to stop the silo and arrest Luke.
The flames come alive and kill the two fire fighters and Luke kills the sheriff and apparently himself.
Trying to extinguish the silo.
A burst shoots through.
Ezekiel reveals.
Luke had been dead.
He is the children s true leader.
Alison meets her friends.
An all-out battle erupts.
Alison eventually finds her brother.
He tells her.
To stop the corn god.
Ezekiel tries to kill Alison.
She sends him falling into the silo to a violent  fiery death.
She then dumps fertilizer  killing the corn god in multiple explosions.
Alison then leaves the town.
They raise her baby together unsure.
<EOS>
The film is told.
Who watch their side  occasionally stopping the footage to talk with one another.
Timon shows Pumbaa his backstory  revealing him to be an outcast on the outskirts of the Pridelands.
Timon wished and left the colony.
Supported. 
His Uncle Max is nearly eaten.
He meets mandrill Rafiki.
Who advises him to find his place.
Timon wanders upon deciding to venture to Pride Rock  meeting Pumbaa for the first time.
They become friends very quickly.
The pair arrive to the Pridelands  animals.
However  Pumbaa informs Timon.
He gets anxious and passes gas explosively that knocks some of the animals out  making the rest of them kneel.
Mufasa sees this and is very puzzled.
Zazu tells him.
They are bowing down.
Timon and Pumbaa look to live  intercepting with other events in the film.
They are eventually caught.
Takes the life  but survive  and find a vast jungle which they decide to make their home  Timon learning of Pumbaa s own philosophy of Hakuna Matata  embracing it to his fullest.
However  the two find Simba and raise him despite the negative effects of Hakuna Matata.
Years on  Nala appears.
Timon and Pumbaa attempt to prevent the two lions  but ultimately fail in their plan.
Timon spots Simba running away with Nala and laughs it off  Pumbaa feeling guilty.
Later  Nala appears asking.
Where Simba is.
Rafiki explains.
Simba has run off to challenge Scar.
Pumbaa argues.
Nala goes to follow Simba.
Who is angry that Simba had left them and selfishly declares he has everything he wanted.
Loneliness started to kick in.
When Pumbaa leaves.
Rafiki appears and reminds him  prompting Timon to go after his friends.
His Hakuna Matata is not a home but friendship.
Timon and Pumbaa evade the hyenas but run into Ma and Uncle Max.
Who came looking.
Wanting to help Simba  Timon proposes.
They get rid by using tunnels.
Whilst Simba fights Scar  Ma and Uncle Max construct a series  Timon and Pumbaa use various tactics to distract the hyenas.
They quickly knock down the sticks keeping them  however  the last few do not fall.
When the tunnels are done.
Thus  the plan fails.
Now cornered once again  Timon dives underground and quickly hurries and breaks the remaining sticks  saving his family and Pride Rock.
Immediately afterwards  Scar is thrown off by Simba and falls into the same location as the hyenas.
Who kill him.
Simba accepts his place  thanking Timon and Pumbaa for helping him.
Timon takes Ma  Uncle Max and the meerkat colony to live  realizing.
His true Hakuna Matata is family.
The meerkats and Pumbaa celebrate  praising Timon as their hero for finding them a safe  beautiful haven and forever ridding them of the hyenas.
Simba  Timon s family  and an army of silhouetted Disney characters join Timon and Pumbaa to re-watch the film in the cinema.
Pumbaa informs Timon.
He still grows anxious.
<EOS>
Patty Jo Myers is a young woman regularly.
Who considers herself a Christian because she occasionally reads her Bible and goes.
She refuses to believe the warnings.
She will go if she does not accept Jesus.
One morning  she awakens to find.
Her husband and millions have suddenly disappeared.
Gradually  Patty realizes.
She and everyone else left behind are entering.
A government system called.
UNITE is set up.
Those will be arrested.
Who do not receive the mark identifying them.
Patty desperately tries to avoid the law and the mark but is captured.
Patty escapes but is cornered on a bridge  and falls from the bridge to her death.
Patty then awakens  this time  and realizes.
All she had experienced was only a dream.
Her relief is.
When the radio announces that millions have disappeared.
Horrified  Patty frantically searches to find him missing too.
Traumatized and distraught  Patty realizes.
She s been left behind.
<EOS>
Saaransh is a story.
Who is killed.
Devastated to learn B.
Their child has been killed  former headmaster.
V.
Pradhan and his wife  Parvati  grieve.
There is no income coming in   Sujata Suman   the only son of a politician named Gajanan Chitre.
They rent out a room.
Who has been having an illicit affair.
Vilas lacks the guts to tell his father and puts off any marriage plans.
He is and would like to marry Sujata.
They get intimate and   Sujata gets pregnant.
He offers to take Sujata to meet Gajanan.
When Pradhan finds out.
He will permit her to become his.
Gajanan not only refuses  he also threatens them  He warns them.
Sujata does not abort the child and moves away.
Pradhan refuses to let Sujata out  and then begins the stalking and harassment by Gajanen s men.
Pradhan goes to file a police complaint but is told.
The police can not even touch Gajanan s men.
Sujata has no choice.
To continue to seek shelter.
Sujata does not know One poignant moment is.
They have a secret agenda in keeping her within their sight.
When Pradhan is haggling to recover his son s ashes.
<EOS>
Her spilled.
When teenager Kirsten accidentally cuts her hand with her friends Brooke and Amy in the woods.
Blood awakens an ancient demonic Christmas elf.
The elf is the central figure to finally bring about the master race.
Hitler had always dreamed.
It is revealed.
Hitler instead dreamed.
Kirsten is also a figure  he is also her father.
She is the last remaining pure-blooded Aryan virgin.
Inbreeding was somehow considered crucial.
Unaware continues to sulk her way through the Christmas season.
She works.
Mike McGavin is an.
Who lost his badge when he lost control.
Jobless  penniless  and recently served a notice from his ramshackle trailer home  Mike turns to his old friend - the manager of the department store - for help  and winds up becoming the store Santa.
The prior Santa is murdered.
Mike sneaks into the store at night to sleep in the storage room and live off the snack counter.
One night  he hears Kirsten and her friends   frolicking.
Who have also sneaked in.
They wait.
The shadowy Nazi group arrives instead  planning to kidnap Kirsten and find the elf.
The master race can finally be made reality.
Kirsten escapes with her life.
Her friends are not so lucky.
Promptly fired  Mike and Kirsten are able to devote their time to unraveling the plot.
Mike realizes.
What is afoot and sets out to protect Kirsten.
Mike  Kirsten and her Grandfather have a final climactic showdown and the elf in Kirsten s home  culminating in the woods.
Where Kirsten destroys the elf.
The following morning  Kirsten huddles.
It begins that winter.
The film ends  suggesting perhaps.
The plot was successful.
<EOS>
The People s Republic is severing relations with all other nations.
They have mastered the art  and have shrunk all their people to the height of 2 inches.
The ambassador  Ah Fong  announces during a press conference.
The key can be found from twins.
Caleb Swain and his wife Letitia are called the most beautiful by the press.
However   Dr Frankenstein informs the parents.
When Letitia gives birth.
The twins wo nt live more than a few months.
The Swains decide to allow the twins to live their short life.
Fifteen years later the twins are still alive.
They have large heads and appear to be mentally retarded.
Their parents   receive a visit.
Who have not seen them.
Who informs them that their children are geniuses who can solve the world s problems.
The parents  along  pay the children a visit.
They reveal themselves to be well-behaved and intelligent  explaining.
They acted stupid because they were simply emulating them.
A series reveal.
There is a telepathic connection.
Their intelligence is only functional.
When they are together.
Furthermore  that has never been surpassed.
When their heads are touching they reach a level.
Their parents  fearful  separate the two.
Incest may be prevalent.
They become despondent.
The Chinese ambassador appears again to tell them to seek each other out.
A spaceship appears and reveals.
United. 
They are really aliens who were sent to solve all of the planet s problems.
However  their alien father reveals.
Earth can not handle their intelligence and returns them.
<EOS>
Charlie is a young Italian-American man.
Who is trying to move up but is hampered by his feeling of responsibility towards his reckless friend  Johnny Boy  a small-time gambler who owes money to many loan sharks.
Charlie works  Giovanni  the local caporegime  mostly collecting debts.
He is also having a hidden affair  Teresa  by Charlie s uncle.
Who has epilepsy and is ostracized because -- especially.
Charlie is torn.
Johnny becomes increasingly self-destructive  growing continually more disrespectful.
The film progresses.
Failing to receive redemption  Charlie seeks it through sacrificing himself on Johnny s behalf.
A local loan shark named.
Michael  comes looking to pay up.
Johnny insults him.
Michael lunges.
Who retaliates.
Michael walks away.
Charlie and Johnny decide to leave town.
The trio is eventually pursued by Michael and his henchman  in another car.
The henchman fires shots  hitting Johnny in the neck  and Charlie in the hand  causing Charlie to crash the car.
The film ends.
Paramedics take them away.
<EOS>
The short s prologue sums up the origins  and are as follows  In the endless reaches of the universe  there once existed a planet known as Krypton  a planet.
Burned. 
There  civilization was far advanced.
It brought forth a race.
Whose mental and physical powers were developed.
But there came a day.
When giant quakes threatened to destroy Krypton forever.
One  sensing the approach of doom  placed his infant son in a small rocket ship and sent it hurtling in the direction of Earth.
As Krypton exploded.
The rocket sped  landing safely on Earth with its precious burden  Krypton s sole survivor.
A passing motorist found the uninjured child and took it.
The child grew  he found.
Himself possessed.
The story cuts.
Where editor Perry White reveals.
About the only clue given is the alias The Mad Scientist.
White assigns Kent to handle the story.
Lois  portrayed here  insists.
She investigate as well  much.
Lois takes off.
Where the main villain s secluded lair/laboratory is located.
He is preparing to fire his futuristic weapon.
His pet bird spots her aircraft and alerts him.
Lois introduces herself as a Journalist  but finds.
Herself kidnapped  bound  and gagged  as the scientist boasts about the success of his plan  and then demonstrates the beam weapon by aiming it at a bridge and destroying it.
Clark and the other journalists learn by the military.
Listening. 
Who warns everyone to stay inside.
Instinctively  Clark steps and changes into Superman before flying away.
The Mad Scientist then has the beam weapon weaken the foundations  causing it to tip over.
Fortunately  Superman arrives and prevents the structure from crashing into neighboring buildings or falling to the ground  successfully restoring the skyscraper to its upright orientation.
Superman then pushes the death ray away  but shortly afterward gets struck down.
The scientist turns up the weapon s power.
Superman remains determined to fight it and soon perseveres by punching it repeatedly  gradually pounding the beam back to its source.
Seeing  the horrified Mad Scientist increases power  but Superman uses that by twisting the weapon into a knot  preventing the beam energy from escaping.
The beam has been overpowered.
The buildup causes the machine to overheat and explode.
Superman arrives to rescue Lois.
The scientist s lab disintegrates.
Who has been left there  while also capturing the scientist as he attempts to escape  flying them.
The scientist is jailed.
The scene dissolves back.
Where Clark Kent and Lois report back.
She has gotten a scoop.
Who is now.
Perry commends her.
Seeing  Clark looks  winks  and nods to the audience.
She has nt suspected a thing.
The story ends.
<EOS>
Owlish Brewster constructs a pair of human-size wings in his Houston Astrodome nest to realize his dream.
Meanwhile creeps   keep turning up dead.
Covered. 
The Houston Establishment calls Frank Shaft.
To investigate.
Brewster cooks his goose.
When he defies Louise s edict and hooks up with Astrodome usher Suzanne.
She impressed him in her Road Runner.
Suzanne will not compromise her comfortable home to choose flight with Brewster.
The film opens.
Usual  but  I forgot the opening line  replacing the lion roar.
Hollywood Lost and Found - Studio Logos - MGM.
<EOS>
John is a bit  always drifting off during his lessons.
He is sent home.
But the train and everyone in it turns yellow.
The doctor declares.
It s harmless and should wear off soon but that evening John hears noises and meets Nic.
A strange adventure ensues and John s threatened execution.
Involves pet mice.
Or was it all a dream.
<EOS>
The story  set  begins.
When Eric Young  stagnant and lifeless  is coerced by his best friend  Sean  to borrow an identity and take back a forgone year of baseball eligibility.
Once  Eric immediately connects with Monica  the charming  All-American daughter of his coach  Coach Donovan.
The jealous Donovan permanently relegates him.
Eric works harder to earn playing time.
Sean warns Eric to steer clear of Monica and to focus strictly on baseball.
But  he finds.
When Eric turns the other ear.
The closer he grows  the darker the secrets that surface from her abusive past.
Eric is ultimately forced the challenges of his own mental well-being against the psychological pain.
Causes Monica to spiral out.
<EOS>
The ATS conducts a search at the rooms.
Where a group stayed.
Baba Kalyani  the ATS superintendent finds certain vital clues.
He wants to follow.
Baba Kalyani takes.
Arrives. 
He is posted as undercover with Thomas Chandy and a couple of ATS officers assisting him.
Kalyani clashes with advocate Ashokan and Advocate Madhumitha  his daughter.
Who was his.
A bundle is found at a local bank.
Was transferred.
Baba Kalyani reaches out the residence  Isra denies any knowledge about any hawala dealings in the state.
The cash was transferred by Babur  Isra Mohammed s.
Who is also a college lecturer.
Babu is.
He along had secretly undergone Jihadi training and is planning a massive explosion.
But unaware  Isra supports him thinking.
Babu is a normal college lecturer busy.
One morning Isra arrives.
He also adds.
The Muslyar has some doubts regarding their activities.
Baba Kalyani along conducts a raid at the house and gathers vital information.
The house gets.
Exploded  signing the storage.
Baba Kalyani   maps and photographs concludes.
Their next target is Palani  a divine pilgrimage center.
He arrives.
Where meets up Raghupathi  the superintendent.
Baba seize the trucks.
Which the explosives were stored.
Baba sends Isra Mohammed.
Who was hiding along.
But unwilling to give up the plan  Babu decides to shoot down Isra.
The ATS team conducts a commando operation and shoots down the jihadis aborting their plan.
<EOS>
Mabel goes home.
Whom her husband wo nt fight.
The husband goes off and gets drunk.
<EOS>
Kelly Holden hears an interview.
Kelly approaches Graydon at a book signing in Burlington  Vermont and asks for his help solving her sisters murder.
Hank is a former suspect.
Who has transferred his affections to Kelly.
He lets  but also follows her.
Kelly know that she should be careful.
Looking  Kelly and Graydon deduce.
She was having an affair.
S.
Senator  and  they set their investigation.
One is a 63-year-old woman.
It becomes clear.
The senator would do almost anything to keep his affair.
The investigation takes.
<EOS>
The film begins stands General Shepherd  asking him to start from the beginning.
It then cuts.
Where Soap  Price  Ghost  Roach  and other Task Force 141 members are seen walking.
Delta Force operatives Sandman and Frost are up aiming with a Barrett M82 at several Russian soldiers guarding a safehouse.
Overlord gives them the go.
The duo begin to eliminate the enemy soldiers.
An AC-130 Spectre  callsign Spectre 6-4  then fires in a large field outside a series of barracks.
Soap s team advances and kills all remaining Russians inside.
Spectre 6-4 clears the way.
Roach plants a breaching charge  with Ghost entering the room and killing the soldiers inside.
The team enters the room.
Where they notice pictures.
Soap discovers.
The picture has several faces crossed out  implying that each team member has been killed.
They then hear a C4 detonator beeping and escape.
Before the explosion can kill them.
The Task Force runs.
Spectre 6-4 provides covering fire.
However  enemy RPG fire destroys Spectre 6-4  leaving the Task Force to fend.
Another RPG is fired and explodes  knocking him semi-conscious and spitting blood.
Sandman and Roach then drag Soap.
Frost covers the evacuating operatives.
Price then tells them to leave  Soap  however  refuses to leave him behind.
He provides covering fire.
Overlord orders the Osprey pilot to take off immediately.
Sandman argues.
They can not leave Price behind.
Price shouts.
Them to go.
Price is then shot and falls backward  struggling to get back up.
Price pulls out his M1911 and downs more Russian soldiers.
The screen then fades to the present day  revealing the scars.
Soap had suffered.
Shepherd tells him who Kingfish is.
We ll get him.
Soap then takes his combat knife and stabs the picture  ending the video.
<EOS>
Paul Kemp is an author.
Who has nt been able to sell a book.
He gets a job.
There  he meets Sala  he thinks.
Who gets him acclimated and tells him.
The newspaper will fold soon.
Kemp checks and meets Chenault.
Who s avoiding a Union Carbide party.
Kemp is immediately smitten.
Kemp and Sala immediately go.
Earns Kemp the enmity.
Kemp also meets Moberg  a deadbeat reporter.
Who ca nt be fired.
Kemp meets Sanderson  a freelance realtor.
Waiting. 
Who offers him a job writing ads.
Sanderson is engaged.
Who pretends not to know Kemp.
Later  Kemp moves.
Who also rooms.
Kemp begins to see the poverty.
Lotterman does nt want him to write.
It s bad.
Moberg returns from a rum plant  they contain high-proof alcohol.
Moberg has been fired  and rants.
Kemp visits Sanderson and spies him making love.
He meets Zimburger and Segarra.
Who want him to help.
Later  Sala and Kemp go and berate the owner for refusing them service  Kemp senses.
The owner wants to kill them.
He and Sala beat a hasty retreat  pursued.
The police arrive and break up the fight  then throw Sala and Kemp.
Sanderson bails them out.
The next day  Kemp meets.
Who tell him that the US military is relinquishing the lease  and is asked to pick up Chenault from her house.
Kemp and Chenault share a moment  but resist temptation.
Zimburger takes Kemp and Sala to see the island property  then.
They head.
Thomas.
Kemp finds Chenault.
They wind up.
Sanderson berates Kemp.
They go to a club.
A drunk Chenault dances to provoke Sanderson.
Whom she has been fighting.
The next day  Chenault is gone.
Sanderson tells Kemp.
Their business arrangement is over.
Moberg tells them.
When Sala and Kemp return home.
Lotterman has left and that the paper will go out.
He also sells.
Them hallucinogens  which they take.
Kemp has an epiphany while  and resolves to write an expose on Sanderson s shady deals.
Lotterman returns  but wo nt publish Kemp s story.
Chenault shows up.
Sanderson disowns her.
He withdraws his bail  meaning.
Kemp and Sala are now wanted.
Moberg also tells them.
Lotterman has closed the paper.
Kemp decides to print a last issue  telling the truth  as well as the stories.
Lotterman declined.
To make money to print the last edition  Kemp  Sala and Moberg place a big cockfighting bet.
They visit Papa Nebo  Moberg s hermaphrodite witch doctor  to lay a blessing.
They win  but return.
The printing presses have been confiscated.
Kemp continues his quest  stealing Sanderson s boat.
The end credits explain.
Kemp makes it back and becomes a successful journalist  having finally found his voice as a writer.
<EOS>
Syracuse  called Circus  is an Irish fisherman and former drunk.
Who is suffering kidney failure and uses a motorized wheelchair.
One day  he finds.
A young woman called Ondine.
The woman is disoriented  but refuses hospitalization and does nt want to be seen  so Syracuse takes her to his deceased mother s house.
Later   he tells Annie a story about a fisherman.
Who pulled and discovered a woman.
Annie believes.
The woman is a selkie.
A man is seen lurking.
It is later revealed.
Ondine is actually a Romanian drug mule.
The man lurking is the man.
Ondine works.
The man finds Ondine and wants the backpack   Ondine makes the Peste fall.
She lost while trying to evade the Coast Guard The backpack is in the ocean inside a lobster trap.
The Romanians are trying to get the trap.
He is standing on.
Syracuse grabs the other one and dives.
The Peste drowns.
Is arrested.
Syracuse marries Ondine.
She can stay  but mostly because he and Annie love her.
<EOS>
A group  accompanied by a CIA agent  are sent to the Belzan forest in Chechnya in search of a rogue American weapons researcher  Dr Benton Walsh.
The survivors attempt to reach helicopter extraction but encounter various challenges.
<EOS>
The year is.
The beautiful young Catherine is torn.
However his aunt  Elizabeth  Empress  rules the empire with an iron hand.
Peter proves neither fit.
Treated from enemies  Catherine takes a lover and bears his child.
Who influence her husband.
Now   she must take the throne by force.
She  her young son Paul  and the Russian Empire are to survive.
<EOS>
-LCB- -LCB- Overly detailed -RCB- -RCB- The film opens up.
The driver finds this suspicious and prepares to drive off.
The truck is suddenly attacked.
The driver tries to make a break.
His partner is revealed to be.
They execute the driver  and then his partner.
When an alarm goes off.
When he questions the lead robber s motives.
Local law enforcement have created road blocks in search of the robbers.
The four robbers  Marek  his girlfriend Arielle  Losada  and getaway driver Evers know  to prevent themselves  hide the $ 4 million in a sleeping bag belonging to a family of four.
They fit the profile and so.
Who are.
They manage to hide the bag on top of their Land Rover.
The family uses restrooms.
Both the robbers and the family drive off and arrive.
The robbers are immediately pulled over.
Their vehicle is searched.
The family passes.
It is.
The police are unable to find any incriminating evidence against them and let them go.
The robbers catch up.
The father  Nate notices the Chevelle coming up very fast.
He tries to outrun the vehicle.
A police car detects his speed and pulls him over.
The robbers manage to get away.
Arielle detected the cruiser.
Nate tries to tell the officer.
The Chevelle was chasing him.
The patrolman insists  it allowed them to get away.
They were following him.
Nate is given a misdemeanour for reckless driving.
Nate pleads not to give him the ticket  having spent the last 18 months in jail.
It will violate his parole.
He committed.
He is arrested and taken.
When he innocently begs the patrolman further.
Meanwhile  his wife Robyn and his two sons Shane and Kenny drive to spend the night.
Await Nate s release.
Nate is put.
Back  the robbers invade Robyn s motel room and attack her.
She locks herself  then escapes through the bathroom window.
The robbers are forced to leave.
When they learn the police are.
Marek is frustrated.
They did nt find the money and gets angered further when Evers revealed the family had two motel rooms  insisting the bag must have been in the other room.
The police arrive on scene  and bring Nate along once learning.
They decide to reduce the charges and give the family an escort out of town.
Robyn and Shane demand to return home.
Along  Nate insists.
They need the trip in order to repair their relationship and have family memories.
The next morning  they leave the motel.
A police cruiser escorts them.
Meanwhile  the robbers spot the family Land Rover and head on.
One comes loose and so the family pulls over to fix it.
They keep driving.
He hands her the sleeping bag.
Nate and Robyn unload the camping gear.
Her face turns white.
When she opens it.
She tells the boys to get back before lashing out at Nate.
Robyn believes.
Nate actually stole the money that exposed his real-estate fraud and threw him in jail  and that they were the ones who attacked her at the motel  and insists the camping trip was nothing but a ruse for them to start over.
Nate is confused with her he did nt do anything wrong.
She throws the bag and drives off with the two boys  leaving him stranded.
He realizes.
When he looks.
The money belongs.
Shane and Kenny plead their mother to turn the car around to get Nate.
They are attacked.
They drive them and cause them to crash into a log.
Marek demands to know.
Where the money is.
Robyn tells him her husband.
Has it.
Marek and Arielle drive off.
Losada and Evers remain.
Meanwhile  Nate walks on-foot  first and then through the swamp adjacent to it.
He hears a motorboat pass and shouts for help.
The driver spots Nate for a split second  but continues on and does nt stop.
Nate hides the money to the road.
As soon  the Land Rover speeds pass him.
He does.
He chases  but is too late to stop it.
Suddenly  the Chevelle appears.
Losada and Evers apprehend him.
They take.
Him captive and drive off.
Losada informs Marek.
They have Nate and the two cars intersect.
Marek demands Nate to hand over the money.
Nate says.
He ll get it once his family is let go.
Marek refuses to negotiate and holds Nate to show him.
Where the money is hidden.
They return.
Where  Nate discovers the money is missing.
He does nt tell the robbers this and returns  stating.
His family is set free he ll give them the money.
This angers Marek again  and makes the rules  however this angers Losada.
Who says he s.
Who claims he should be instead.
Nate manipulates the two.
Allows him to run off.
Arielle sees this and tells him not to do anything stupid  unknowingly allowing Robyn and the boys to escape.
She drives off.
Arielle clings.
The boys manage to knock her out.
Nate runs up.
Robyn slows down the car to let him get in.
They speed off.
Turn around is 40 miles away and.
Nate tells them the next town.
They re better off returning.
The family manages to flag down the same patrolman.
Arrested Nate.
He does nt believe their wild stories chasing them.
Suddenly  he s hit.
The family flees again.
Marek steals the cop car and tries to gun them down.
Try to box the Land Rover  Nate notices gas leaking from the tank of the cruiser.
Nate swerves the Land Rover.
Ignites the fuel  causing the cruiser to spin out into a ditch.
Evers and Losada retrieve Marek and several weapons.
Marek tells a wounded Arielle.
He wo nt lose.
Fed up slowing them down  Losada and Evers turn on him.
Who insist.
Marek turns the tables and holds them  but surprises them.
When he shoots Arielle.
Meanwhile  the family tries to escape.
Nate uses it to distract the robbers  attention.
That they can escape.
Unfortunately  this backfires.
The robbers take the boat to track the family down.
Robyn  Kenny and Shane come.
They find a radio inside and manage to contact someone.
Who says the police will be there.
Shane says.
S not enough time.
Nate hides searches for the family.
A snake however causes Nate to be spotted and forces him to run  however Marek shoots him down  demanding him to reveal the location.
Meanwhile  Robyn  Shane and Kenny find the money and several loaded guns  finally proving their father s innocence.
Suddenly  they spot Evers and Losada outside.
Robyn hides the kids.
As he breaks down the door.
Evers retrieves him.
A gunfight breaks out.
Shane sets fire and throws them out the window  threatening to burn all of it.
When the firing stops.
They do nt let them go.
Marek and Nate arrive.
Marek threatens to execute Nate.
They do nt bring out the money.
Losada refuses to give him back his dad and is about to shoot him  however he is shot again and killed.
When Shane brings it out.
Shane flees back.
Marek and Evers try to level the cabin.
This allows Nate to grab Losada s gun and shoot Marek.
He quickly grabs his machine gun.
Fires. 
Whose last words to Nate.
Nate turns around and sees.
Marek swing a machete  wounding his chest.
Nate seemingly falls.
Marek takes several swings.
Marek then enters the cabin and attacks Shane.
Robyn threatens to burn the money.
Marek says.
She has nowhere to run.
She burns the money away.
Marek knocks her out cold.
Nate appears and tackles Marek.
The two engage.
The two try to choke each other  however Nate slams Marek s head into a nail on a wooden deck outside the cabin  finally killing him.
Robyn  Shane and Kenny mend.
The four reconcile.
A revving car engine is heard as well as the application of brakes.
A shot covered in blood on the road and a hand  presumably Nate s  picks.
It up goes black.
<EOS>
Pi Shao Ting is the son.
He is a student.
He falls with principal s granddaughter Anne.
Makes her boyfriend Tie Ying angry.
He often bullies Pi Shao Ting.
Thus  Pi Shao Ting determines.
Order to provoke him.
However  Tie Ying has the right to punish every student.
Later  Pi Shao Ting s father is required to travel with his wife and children due to work commitments as a director.
There Pi Shaoting meets Shaolin kid  and is trained to learn Martial arts.
Having returned he goes to the principal s office.
He happens to hear a dialogue.
Afterwards  the principal sees and withdraws his duties.
However  dismissed  he plans to kidnap Anne to force the principal to give uu his power.
Anne and his grandfather get out of danger.
Pi Shao Ting   thinks.
He loves Anne.
<EOS>
