Which is hinted.
Karo actually tried a shirt chose not to wear it.
The students suggest.
Since they are a group  they should choose a name.
They decide.
Karo suggests another name.
Ends up at all.
The group is shown to grow closer.
The bully Bomber is shown to reform  protecting a classmate from bullies.
He also creates a distinctive salute.
Karo and Mona  protest.
Her classmates are embracing fascism.
The other classmates do nt see any connection.
The members begin spray-painting their logo around town  having parties and generally  even unwittingly  ostracising and tormenting anyone not in their group.
Where only Wave members are allowed to attend.
One young man becomes very attached to the group  having finally become an accepted member of a social group in school.
He burns his name-brand clothes.
Large corporations do not take responsibility.
A pair start a fight with Tim.
He is saved and starts to bond with them.
Tim later shows up  offering to be a bodyguard.
Wenger invites Tim  saying.
He can have dinner.
No guarding is necessary.
This puts further strain already tense relationship with his wife.
Who thinks the experiment has gone too far.
Wenger finally ejects Tim  only to find in the morning.
The boy had slept.
Wenger s wife  upset  tells him to stop the experiment immediately.
He accuses her.
His experiment and way is more popular and better than anything she has ever done before  and proceeds to insult her.
Shocked  she leaves him saying.
The Wave has even made him a worse person.
Karo continues her attempts to expose the actions  eventually earning the anger of many in the group   Marco  and ask him to do something about it.
Who approach her boyfriend.
A water polo competition is due that day.
Wenger along ask The Wave to be present.
A fight breaks.
Results. 
The Wave supporters watching the match start fighting the rival team s fans as well.
Karo and Mona take advantage to sneak inside the pool court and throw papers with messages against The Wave.
Marco confronts Karo and accuses her of causing the fight.
Broke out and caused the match to be cancelled  to which she replies that the Wave has brainwashed him completely.
Marco becomes angry and beats Karo bloody.
Snaps him.
Marco approaches Herr Wenger and asks him to stop the project.
Wenger tells Marco to leave it up  and calls a meeting of all Wave members for the following day  in the school s auditorium.
They ought to be.
Wenger has the doors locked and begins whipping the students into a fervour  shouting that they will roll over Germany and change things to the way.
Marco protests and Wenger calls him a traitor and orders the students to bring him.
Wenger uses this to force all the students.
Extreme the Wave has become.
No one believed that autocracy could rise again in Germany.
Wenger disbands the Wave.
The student Dennis argues.
Many good things came as well and that they should find away to remove the bad parts.
Wenger responds.
It s true that some good things came.
The cost is and.
The bad things will never go away.
Tim draws a gun and refuses to accept  fearing.
The Wave is over.
He will once more be lonely.
Tim states.
The Wave is his life.
Bomber tries to calm Tim down and take the gun.
Tim shoots him and then takes his own life.
Wenger cradles his corpse and looks helplessly.
The film ends.
Wenger sees something ahead of him.
Frightens him.
This is not revealed leaving it out to speculation.
<EOS>
A top secret experiment spawns two highly intelligent life-forms  Einstein  a golden retriever  and the Outsider  a deformed monstrosity.
Exists to kill and to avenge its creators.
The government sends to catch the beast.
When the Outsider escapes.
But what starts out.
A high-speed chase ends.
Only Einstein knows the Outsider s motives.
Only the canine can outsmart the creature.
<EOS>
Warren Nefron is a klutz.
Who can not do anything right.
He tells his psychiatrist  Dr Pletchick  his problems.
The viewer sees Nefron s life story.
Warren is such a failure.
Even his many attempts to commit suicide fail.
Eventually the psychiatrist uses hypnosis to cure Warren.
However   the psychiatrist has experienced transference and now has all.
Warren is now cured.
<EOS>
Jack Murphy  a hardened  antisocial LAPD detective  frequently escapes the harsh reality.
His career is going nowhere.
His world is turned upside down  however  earlier.
When he is framed for putting her in prison.
Freeman murders the detective s ex-wife and begins killing off his associates.
The same police force.
He works for places him  a petty thief he locked away.
Murphy escapes.
They pursue the real killer.
<EOS>
Two officers are interviewed to command a dangerous commando mission far behind enemy lines.
South African Major Brand is an experienced professional soldier but does not speak Arabic and has only a limited knowledge.
Which the patrol is to operate.
Welsh Captain Leith is the opposite  an amateur volunteer.
Who knows a local guide and speaks fluent Arabic as well.
It is decided  but.
Both officers will go.
Major Brand s wife Jane is an RAF Flight Lieutenant.
Who enlisted to be.
He picks up the fact.
When Brand invites Leith with his wife.
The two had previously had an affair before she married Brand.
The unit parachutes with the mission of attacking a German headquarters and bringing back secret plans from a safe to be opened by Wilkins  an experienced safecracker.
Dressed  Brand shakes in fright  the deed is done by Leith.
When he has to knife a German sentry.
The mission is completed successfully.
The patrol ambushes a German detachment  capturing a German colonel.
Leith knows was responsible.
Leith remains behind.
Who he kills rather than let fall to be tortured for information.
The patrol is supposed to escape.
They discover.
The men left with them have been murdered and looted.
Brand s animosity towards Leith grows  not only due to the affair with his wife.
Brand fears.
Leith will reveal Brand and destroy his career.
<EOS>
Meenakshi   joins Uma at Krishnagudi  a small village in Andhra Pradesh.
Pavithran  Uma s husband  is an Army officer posted there.
The jovial and amiable atmosphere brings cheer and happiness back.
Giri  a colleague and family friend  falls in love with Meenakshi.
She is not ready to accept his feelings.
Akhilachandran  Meenakshi s spoiled cousin  was supported after the death of his parents.
Her father always wanted her to marry Akhil.
His extra-possessive attitude and violent behavior had created problems.
Meenakshi had promised her father.
She never had any soft feelings.
She would marry Akhil.
Pavi and Uma now want Meenakshi to get married.
Who is a soft-spoken and fun-loving guy.
Akhil goes missing.
Pavi suggests.
Meenakshi should wait six months.
Then Meenakshi should accept Giri.
Akhil does nt turn up.
She agrees.
She mails Akhil.
No reply comes back.
Giri and Meenakhi become close.
Suddenly one evening Renji turns up.
Renji  a close friend  informs Giri and is partially paralyzed.
Akhil had had an accident.
He was.
Renji has to leave.
S.
So  Akhil should be handed over.
Giri breaks down.
Akhil is returning.
Giri and Jose  his roommate  take Akhil nearby and decide to take care of him  without letting.
Meenakshi or Pavi know.
Akhil  a completely changed man  does not want to be a burden and wants her to marry Giri.
She had planned.
Meenakshi thinks  she decides to leave Krishnagudi with Akhil.
When she learns this.
It is her moral responsibility to take care.
From the train  Akhil  using all his power  pushes her out  asking her to join Giri for the rest of her life.
<EOS>
Haskell is a hardened gangster assigned by his boss  Landon-Higgins  to steal sheets of watermarked paper to print fake money.
<EOS>
Winter.
The rough weather brings hunger and privation.
The poor people start to steal and rob.
Order to survive.
Therefore they become outlaws and have to hide.
The village becomes a paradise.
People are suffering.
Who can hardly be opposed.
She hires a mute gunfighter  Silence  to kill Loco.
When Pauline s husband falls prey.
He tramps.
Silence had to watch his parents being killed by bounty hunters.
Who are killing people under the cloak of the law.
He provokes them to pull out their weapon first.
Order to not violate the law and be added.
Then he has a reason to act and shoot them.
But Loco does not let himself be provoked.
Does Loco face up.
After he lures the new sheriff - who had been given the impossible task by the governor to re-establish order in the region and to grant amnesty to those starving in the mountains - to his death.
The director was forced to shoot an alternate ending.
Where the hero s death would have been deemed unacceptable.
The Fantoma DVD features the alternative happy ending.
The comic sheriff played from the dead to save the day.
It is unlikely.
An English or Italian audio track was ever created.
<EOS>
Kotayya is an honest poor farmer  has a son Venu and daughter Bharathi.
Sagarayya is the landlord.
Who gives loans and when the farmers fail to pay the grabs their lands.
Karanam Sambayya and Rowdy Polayya Sagarayya grabs the lands in the false names.
Retired military man Ratnam and his daughter Radha also lives.
Radha fall in love with him and marries him.
Venu tells all in front of the collector and distributes the land to the real owners.
Is the rest.
How Sagarayya creates differences  and how Venu solves his problems and arrange his sister s marriage with Gopalam and sends Sagarayya and his men to jail.
<EOS>
An old man walking his dog retrieves a decomposed human hand.
It is identified as belonging to Ann-Lynne  a local prostitute.
Lieutenant Fred Williams  the burned-out police detective investigating the murder  interviews the young woman s nosy and obnoxious landlady  Mrs Weissburger.
Who tells him that  she overheard the girl last week over the phone arranging to meet a man who spoke with a strange  duck-like voice.
Meanwhile  a young woman rides her bicycle to the Staten Island Ferry at Battery Park.
Whose car she accidentally scratched riding her bicycle.
The young woman sneaks and begins vandalizing the man s car.
When the ferry is underway.
She is interrupted.
Introducing herself  she tries to engage the man in a conversation.
But the figure adopts a grotesque ` Donald Duck  voice and brutally murders her  stabbing in the lower belly and disemboweling her  and leaving her body to be discovered.
When the ferry docks.
Williams talks the pathologist   as well as a similar case in Harlem the previous month.
Who believes he recognizes the style and links it to.
Having informed the press  Williams is visited by New York s chief of police.
A serial killer is at large.
Williams  skeptical superior tells him not to make any further public announcements.
Williams is notified.
After the police chief leaves.
A man sounding phoned while he was out at the press conference wanting to speak with him.
Williams travels.
Where he meets.
That night  Jane Lodge  an attractive  well-dressed woman in a chic raincoat and derby hat  attends a live sex show and records.
The simulated moans and groans.
A scruffy  dangerous looking man  and sitting in the same row with her  observes.
What she is doing.
The female performer retires backstage only to find it totally dark.
The show has ended.
Hearing a noise  she opens a closet door and is brutally attacked.
Who disembowels her.
Later that night   a prostitute regularly visited by Williams  he receives a taunting phone call from the duck-voiced killer saying.
He has killed again.
The next day  Jane shows her latest tape recording.
Who has agreed to support their.
Jane goes.
Where she s approached.
The emotionally troubled Jane runs out and drives away.
That night  Fay Majors  a casually dressed young woman is riding alone.
When she gets menaced.
Fleeing  she runs off the train  through the deserted subway station  and onto the street.
Slashes her hands and arms.
She tries to defend herself.
Limping away  Fay stumbles into a seedy apartment building.
Where she closes and locks the door.
The killer will not follow.
Fay passes out  Fay is sitting alone in a dark movie theater watching cartoons.
When she attacked and killed.
Fay wakes up.
When the same man visits her.
The man is revealed to be her physicist boyfriend Peter Bunch.
Who is relieved that she has survived the attack.
Lt.
Williams and Dr Davis visit Fay.
Where she tells them.
Williams and Davis both conclude.
This is the killer.
Somewhere  the owner of his mutilated right hand picks up Jane and takes her to a sleazy hotel room for sex.
He ties up the semi-nude woman.
The S&M game turns nasty.
She has willingly begun.
When he begins to beat her.
Then the man turns up the radio loud  and makes a muttered phone-call  describing the bound woman.
She s right up your perverted alley.
A little later   Jane overhears a radio DJ describing the killer  and missing two fingers.
The man sleeps.
Whom the press has now dubbed  ` the New York Ripper.
Jane carefully and quietly unties herself into the hotel hallway  only to be killed by the real New York Ripper.
Who stabs her.
Williams arrives.
Where the police find Jane s tape recordings and of her ` master.
Learning  Williams discovers.
The identity is Mickey Scellenda  a Greek immigrant with a history of sexual assault and drug abuse.
Williams and the police step up the search after raiding his apartment  finding photographs of most of the Ripper victims and huge stashes of pornography.
Williams also pays a visit to inform him of his wife s murder.
Dr Lodge tearfully defends his open marriage.
Gets him a sneering response.
Meanwhile  Dr Davis begins to express doubt.
Mickey Scellenda is only a petty criminal that Davis has created in profiling the New York Ripper.
Davis then buys a gay porno magazine  and then pays a visit to Peter and Fay at their house to ask them more questions about Fay s experience.
Something arouses his professional suspicious.
That evening   Fay is attacked by Scellenda.
Peter goes out.
Who breaks.
But she is saved.
When Peter returns.
The man flees.
A few days later  Williams gets another taunting phone call.
Who wants to dedicate a murder.
Williams and the police put a trace to the location  only to find  in the home of Kitty  brutally torturing her by slowly running a razor over her face.
The killer has set up a two-way radio  while he  is at that moment.
Williams races  but is way too late.
The killer has fled  leaving.
A while later  the dead body is found having committed suicide from.
Williams finally realizes.
When Dr Barry Jones informs Williams that Scellenda was dead  four days before Kitty s murder.
They have been tailing the wrong man.
Williams relays this.
Who is both delighted and disappointed.
Davis explains  a misogynist psychopath.
His original idea to the killer s identity is confirmed.
Who used Scellenda to throw the police.
Fay is shown visiting a hospital.
Where Peter has a child.
Is the killer Peter or Fay.
One of them gets.
A phone call  while the other one overhears.
Fay has disappeared.
When Peter goes.
Going upstairs  Fay jumps out of the darkness at Peter stabbing him with a kitchen knife.
Suddenly  Peter rises  quacking  and struggles with Fay.
Which they both tumble down the stairs.
Williams runs and literally blasts Peter s face off with one shot from his gun.
As Peter grabs the knife away and about to stab her.
Davis explains to Fay her deranged boyfriend s motivation for killing.
His hatred had dealt his young daughter.
Who will never enjoy the freedoms.
The phone in the now-deserted house rings again.
Little Suzy is calling out for her father pleading to answer her call.
Her voice is drowned.
<EOS>
Fred Brown  a soldier  returns to find his wife in bed with another man  and kills them both and his parents  only sparing his son.
A falcon attacks him and tears out his left eye and blinds him.
He is cleaning his knife.
He ends up.
Where he says goodbye before he is taken into foster care.
Twenty years later  a small group  Brian  are assigned to locate the Green billed woodpecker  a rare species.
Will be officially extinct.
Steven and Anne meet.
Who gives them a packet on the bird they re searching for.
The group makes the former home.
They re searching.
Turns up nothing.
Strange occurrences  such as doors closing on their own and Steve seeing things  begin.
Are nt there.
These become more prevalent.
Time goes  including a nightmare where Brown kills Mary in a similar fashion.
He killed his wife.
Jennifer is chased.
Exploring the aviary she discovered earlier.
Was hiding.
Brian is burnt.
Mary   finds her corpse.
Who suspects it to be the man who killed Jennifer.
The survivors make it only to realize.
Brian had the keys.
A zombie attacks and kills Mary.
Rob makes an attempt.
They quickly abandon the camper to make a last stand.
Brown suffers a mild heart attack when he realizes what is happening.
A door slams open and blows dust into running into the generator.
Trying to fix the generator.
His necklace is caught.
He is strangled.
When the wire cuts.
Paul   tells Steve and Anne.
Who witnessed the whole thing and did nt help Rob.
It was the zombies who killed him.
It is revealed.
Steve is the baby Brown spared twenty years earlier.
A zombie breaks  and nearly kills Anne  however Steve saves her at the cost of a shotgun.
He found.
Steve  Paul and Anne hide.
Where a fourth zombie attacks and results when he panics.
The zombies  attacks have ceased  allowing Steve and Anne to escape the house  meeting Brown in the process.
He tells.
Them to get out and that the zombies were never  only those of their group that showed fear of them.
The credits begin to roll.
Steve and Anne look away when they hear Brown s scream emanate from the house.
Their fates are not revealed.
<EOS>
It s Thanksgiving time.
His friends bring food.
Piglet brings haycorns  Pooh brings honey  Owl brings biscuits.
Tigger brings ice cream.
But things change.
When Rabbit informs them that Thanksgiving is a special time that should include things special items  so Pooh and the gang set off to find those very items.
<EOS>
Songwriter Roger Radcliffe lives.
Bored  Pongo decides to find a wife for Roger and a mate for himself.
A woman named Anita and her female dalmatian  Perdita.
Watching various female dog-human pairs  he spots the perfect couple.
He quickly gets Roger out and drags him through the park to arrange a meeting.
Pongo accidentally causes both Roger and Anita to fall.
It works out well.
The couple falls.
Both couples marry.
Later  Perdita gives birth.
One almost dies.
Roger is able to revive it.
That same night  they are visited.
She offers to buy the entire litter.
Roger says.
They are not.
Weeks later  she hires Jasper and Horace Badun to steal them.
Pongo and Perdita use the Twilight Bark  normally a canine gossip line  to ask from the other dogs in London.
When Scotland Yard is unable to determine the thieves or find the puppies.
Colonel  an old sheepdog  along Captain  a gray horse  and Sergeant Tibbs  a tabby cat  find.
The puppies called Hell Hall  along with many other dalmatian puppies that Cruella had purchased from various dog stores.
Tibbs learns.
They are going to be made.
Colonel quickly sends word back.
Pongo and Perdita immediately leave town to retrieve their puppies.
Meanwhile  Tibbs overhears Cruella ordering the Baduns to kill and render the puppies.
The police will soon find them.
Tibbs attempts to rescue them himself.
The Baduns are watching television.
They finish their show and come.
He can get them out.
Pongo and Perdita burst.
As the Baduns have cornered and are about to kill them.
Colonel and Tibbs guide the puppies.
The adult dogs attack the two men.
Pongo and Perdita realize.
There are dozens.
Shocked  they decide to adopt all of them  certain.
Roger and Anita would never reject them.
They begin making their way back  aided by other animals along the way  with Cruella and the Baduns giving chase.
They cover themselves with soot.
They appear to be labrador retrievers  then pile.
Melting snow clears off the soot.
It is leaving.
Cruella sees them.
She follows the van in her car and rams it.
The Baduns  trying to cut it off  end up colliding with her.
Both vehicles crash.
Cruella yells.
The van drives away.
Back are attempting to celebrate Christmas and his first big hit  a song about Cruella.
They miss their canine friends.
Suddenly  barking is heard outside and   the house is filled.
Their nanny opens the door.
The couple is delighted to realize.
Their companions have returned home.
They decide to use the money from the song to buy a large house in the country.
They can keep all 101 dalmatians.
<EOS>
18-year-old Scotty White and 16-year-old Janice Wilson are very much in love  but her parents stand between them.
Scotty hangs out.
One night  Scotty gets wrongly targeted by a gang.
Who are looking.
Cholly  a hot-rod greaser  comes.
Who heads a gang.
Cholly cooks up the idea.
The plan works well.
The teen crowd all meet.
However  the party gets out.
Scotty and Janice leave to be alone.
The police mysteriously appear and break up the drunken.
Cholly and his right-hand-delinquent Eddy suspect Scotty.
The whole gang kidnaps Scotty the next day and force him to gulp down an entire bottle.
When he wo nt admit.
Scotty passes out.
They pull into a service station to get some gas.
Eddy decides to hold up the station.
Scotty unknowingly bungles it.
When he wakes up.
Cholly hits the station attendant.
The gang speeds off  leaving Scotty behind.
Scotty staggers home  finds  has several fights  and then has a switchblade fight.
The gang has kidnapped Janice.
Scotty then goes.
<EOS>
Lew Marsh is a good newspaper reporter  he drinks too much and is fired.
He also loses the woman.
He loves  colleague Paula Arnold.
An ex-alcoholic  Charley Dolan  takes pity  offering him a room at his apartment and finding him a job with a construction crew.
Lew is tempted to have a drink.
When he learns that Paula has married another man  Boyd Copeland  the nephew at the newspaper  John Ives.
Ives gives the newly sober Lew a second chance.
Many months pass.
Which time Lew not only remains sober but is helpful.
This comes.
Who is worried.
Lew learns.
Boyd has been unfaithful  taking up with a singer named Maria who is loved by a jealous gangster named Garr.
To help  Lew invites Boyd to come live.
He also helps the lonely Paula return to work  secretly hoping.
She will fall again.
Garr and a henchman rig a car to murder Boyd  but end up killing Charley by mistake.
A depressed Lew feels responsible and tries to commit suicide.
Boyd gets with Maria.
They are being followed.
Boyd and Lew are ordered to drink by Garr   but they get the upper hand on Garr.
Who intends to make their murders look accidental.
It is the mobster.
Who is killed.
Boyd is able to persuade Paula to give their marriage another try.
Lew is pleased  satisfied to be sober and working again.
<EOS>
Rudy Robles is told.
She leaves.
Robles arrives shortly.
Immigration officials raid the factory looking.
His mother and sister are not available to verify  Robles is deported to Mexico.
He is a US citizen.
Ironically  Robles can not speak more.
He is fluent from having served in Germany in the United States Army.
Robles becomes friends with ex-con Jimmy and a waitress named Dolores.
Unable to contact  Robles makes repeated attempts to cross the border  all ending in failure.
Jimmy offers to get him back to home.
Having left home  Robles works for Jimmy as doorman at a strip club  earning extra money selling oranges and teaching two Central Americans and three others would be illegals to walk and talk like East Los Angeles natives.
They become.
Called the Waas Sappening Boys or What s Happening Boys.
Robles falls with Dolores and finally raises the money needed to be smuggled across the border.
He goes  Robles bids farewell to Jimmy  receives a last kiss goodbye from Dolores and climbs into the Coyote s truck.
He sees a woman pleading to be taken.
Her husband is already.
Their family is.
Robles gives the woman his place.
Robles stands - United States border.
Two Immigration Officers sit.
The song America is heard and race forward to reach the American Dream.
Hundreds appear.
The Immigration Officers hide.
Rudy  Dolores  and their Waas walk with their heads up high into the United States.
The song version of Born in East L.
A.
Plays. 
<EOS>
Pandithurai left his mother and his father to live.
Few years later  Pandithurai becomes an uneducated angry youth but respects Malaisamy.
Muthulakshmi  Malaisamy s daughter comes back.
She falls with Pandithurai.
Malaisamy   has a secret relation.
Who is respected.
Pandithurai tries to stop their relation but he fails.
Malaisamy evicts him.
The rest story is.
Pandithurai punished his brother-in-law and got married.
<EOS>
The story focuses.
K. 
A. 
Banku.
Who has recently shifted  with his parents  Aditya and Anjali.
His father Aditya is an engineer  and therefore moves with his cruise.
They are made aware.
The bungalow is haunted.
They disregard this.
Banku is enrolled.
Francis High School  and Anjali hires a kindhearted and comedic drunken thief  Anthony.
Soon one night Banku goes down.
When he sees a shadow.
Frightened  he calls out and then sees.
The bowl in which he was having ice-cream has vanished.
Later he goes down again to investigate.
It is then and then they start arguing on.
He sees the ghost.
Whether Mr Nath is a ghost or an angel.
Banku nicknames says.
Him Bhootnath as Mr Nath says that he is a bhoot and also.
He is Nath.
He tries different ways to scare Banku and his mother.
The ghost does not want anybody to occupy his house.
Banku considers him and treats him like a friend.
Soon  Mr Nath is overpowered from the stairs.
Which Mr Nath is responsible.
The two become friends and thoroughly enjoy the company.
It is.
Mr Nath s son returns and plans to sell off this bungalow.
Angered  Mr Nath scares the buyers.
Anjali comes to know the existence.
He then tells his story.
His son deserted him and left for the US.
Later  Aditya and Anjali decide to perform the final rites to give him Moksha.
It is performed.
MrNath bids an emotional farewell.
MrNath s son also comes to know his fault and apologizes.
Banku is sad.
Bhoothnath is no more.
However  bhoothnath returns and says.
He is always there.
<EOS>
Robert Bennett is a stockbroker.
Who is very carefree.
Encouraging clients to buy stocks.
Are failing.
His fiancee Dorothy Hall has to raise $ 40000  comes to him with $ 10000 to invest from her charity group  and wants him to double it within five days.
Meanwhile  E.
M.
Burke  Frank Connelly  and Clarence Van Dyke bet Bennett.
They will pay him $ 10000 if he tells the truth.
The men later go.
Where they meet Sabel and Mabel Jackson  who are a gold-digging sister act.
Mabel Jackson sings Do Something.
The sisters ask Burke to back their show for them.
They are determined to hold Burke.
And wo nt take no.
They hold all the cards.
They have managed to enter Burke s home and refuse to leave.
Burke s wife Mrs Burke learns.
Her husband had promised to back the Sisters  show.
Which makes his wife furious.
Robert asks every question truthfully.
The 24 hours are over.
His fiancee Dorothy asks him  he tells her the answer.
He loves her and what he had done.
Robert has won the money by telling the truth.
<EOS>
Jerry Mulligan  an American World War II veteran  is now an exuberant expatriate.
His friend  Adam  is a struggling concert pianist.
Who is a longtime associate.
A lonely society woman  Milo Roberts  takes Jerry and supports him  but is more interested in Jerry than his art.
Jerry remains oblivious and falls in love with Lise  a French girl.
He meets.
Lise loves him as well.
She is already  to.
Whom she feels indebted.
Jerry is unaware of Lise s relationship with Henri.
Eventually Jerry learns but is marrying Henri the next day.
Lise is.
He invites Milo that night.
With everyone in black-and-white costumes  Milo learns from Adam.
Jerry is not interested.
Henri overhears Jerry and Lise saying goodbye.
Jerry daydreams An American in Paris.
When Henri and Lise drive away.
His reverie is broken bringing Lise back to him.
They embrace.
The Gershwin composition ends.
<EOS>
Situated  Shari Karney is a successful attorney  assigned to an incest case  involving a three-year-old girl  Christie.
Who is being molested.
She initially refuses to take the case  explaining.
She is nt familiar.
She is later convinced.
The trial proves to be difficult.
Nine months later  she is heavily invested.
Involves her private life.
She trouble sleeping and is often bothered by flashbacks of her own past.
She suffers panic attacks.
Whenever she tries to make love.
She eventually attacks David Holland  the man charged  and is therefore sent to jail for two days.
Shari fears.
She has ruined the case.
Darlene insists.
The judge  however  puts her and forces her to seek psychological help.
She contacts psychiatrist Joan Delvecchio and admits.
She is constantly hearing typing sounds.
She reveals.
She was physically abused by her mother  and that her father had done nothing to protect her.
Her sister Linda thinks.
Therapy would be good  explaining that there must be a reason that she never wore make-up and always wore baggy clothes.
David is prohibited from seeing his daughter for six months.
Shari is furious.
Thereafter  he is allowed to see her again  claiming that he then will keep.
Meanwhile   Joan notices.
Shari shows the same symptoms  but thinks it could be explained by her mother s abuse.
He leaves her.
When Mark finds out she has taken another incest case.
She turns.
Her mother blames her.
Her therapist makes her write a letter.
Not only does she express the hatred herself  having been abused.
When writing.
She feels  but also reveals that she is an incest victim.
She starts to remember everything and finds out.
She buried the abuse so deep that she did nt consciously remember it.
Joan helps her remember the entire truth.
Eventually Shari tells.
Her father raped her.
She confronts her parents.
They respond  claiming.
They will never forgive her.
Linda refuses to believe her as well and has trouble even accepting the possibility.
Her new client withdraws and Christie is hospitalized.
Frustrated  she is determined to change the law  allowing incest victims to sue their parents.
Whenever they want.
She contacts Stephanie Chadford  another lawyer.
Who tried to change the incest law.
This requires her to step  telling her own story.
She is immediately estranged and disowned by her parents.
Meanwhile  the process proves to be exhausting  taking up to six years to even qualify in court  and her emotional involvement upsets her partners.
Who eventually fire her.
However  the law changes  with Shari s help.
<EOS>
The British consulate in Norway receives the Oslo Report.
The Military Intelligence doubts its veracity.
The German research goes undisturbed from the British.
Various resistance groups gather information about the site and attempt to hinder the missiles  development  taking great risks.
The local resistance manages to smuggle V-2 parts.
An Allied bombing wreaks great damage.
Where they would be analyzed.
The Allies decide.
The genius must be exploited by them.
Peenemunde is abandoned.
The end looms near.
A new  deadlier weapon is being developed.
<EOS>
Selina Peake and her father move to Chicago.
Where she enrolls.
Her father is killed  leaving her penniless.
Selina s friend Julie Hemple helps her find a job.
Selina moves in and tutors their son Roelf.
Selina eventually marries immigrant farmer Pervus De Jong and gives birth  nicknamed So Big  the primary focus of her life.
Who becomes.
Selina struggles to keep the farm afloat  hoping.
When Pervus dies.
She can afford to finance her son s education.
He will become an architect.
Dirk becomes involved.
Who arranges for him to get a job.
Eventually he meets and falls.
She refuses to marry him.
Roelf  now a renowned sculptor  meets Dirk and  learning Selina is his mother  reunites.
She is pleased to know.
Her influence helped mold Roelf s character.
As she accepts her own son s weaknesses and disappointments.
<EOS>
The story revolved.
Where a desperate young boy flees home to earn money and to alleviate agony.
He served a years  returns home as a grown-up  energetic young man but only to find.
His mother has died.
The elders persuade him to stay behind in the village and serve the community  reiterating the saying.
Service is equally virtuous as service to a mother.
<EOS>
Every 18 years  the martial artists  community will hold a martial arts contest to elect a new leader.
Eva Palace s ruler wins the title and is tasked.
Who live.
Yin Nam-tin believes.
The villains are innocent and attempts to stop his wife.
The couple turn manages to defeat his wife eventually  but becomes paralyzed and mute.
Eva accepts.
A girl called More as her disciple and intends to groom her.
Meanwhile  the Ten Villains accept Yin s son to nurture him into the greatest villain ever.
18 years later  the grown-up Fishy meets More and falls in love with her.
He is shocked to discover.
When he participates.
Eva is actually his mother.
More is in fact Eva s student.
<EOS>
The film is set during the final days of Japanese rule.
Kanemura is a well-connected con artist.
Who makes money.
His eyes are set  unbeknownst to anyone  Haruko has been moonlighting as Haedanghwa  a maskedcat burglar.
Who has carried.
She is also pursued.
Who is jealous towards her.
The owner  Hee-bong  secretly work for the Korean independence movement.
The Japanese Chief of State -- a high-ranking official in Korea -- has recovered the Light of the East  a -LCB- -LCB- convert -RCB- -RCB- diamond and lost treasure from the ancient kingdom of Silla.
Receiving orders to send the diamond  a lavish send-off party is arranged.
Kanemura attends the event  he plans to steal the diamond  but she has the same idea.
Both are surprised to see the other.
When they get where it is kept.
It is Haruko.
Who makes her escape  leaving Kanemura to face the authorities.
But the nightclub owner and his chef are also.
Yamada is given the task.
Who feels that he has jurisdiction.
Hasekawa  a police inspector  immediately suspects Haruko.
Yamada wo nt hear.
Meanwhile  Kanemura manages to track down Haruko  finding her to Soviet Russia disguised as a geisha.
She refuses to hand over the diamond  but.
Having cut off her escape route  succeeds.
Unable to discover the diamond s whereabouts  Yamada rounds up 100 Korean civilians and orders.
Them to be executed if it is not returned.
Kanemura is also unsuccessful  so he allows her to slip away and then secretly follows her.
She leads him  but her accomplice Jang-cheon is really an agent of the Korean independence movement.
The two men turn.
When Kanemura reveals himself.
Disguised in their possession  they are about to make their getaway.
When Hasekawa arrives and holds them at gunpoint.
Suzimura and his other police officers soon follow.
He misreads the situation  believing Hasekawa to be a traitor.
Who has taken Japanese soldiers captive  he orders.
His men to shoot him.
This allows Kanemura and Jang-cheon to escape.
Haruko is captured.
Jang-cheon thinks.
Kanemura has switched it  and  feigning injury  he tells Jang-cheon to go on  he does  but is soon after arrested and thrown in with the other hostages.
Kanemura negotiates a deal with the Chief of State  he will return the diamond in exchange for Haruko and ten crates of gold.
Yamada is sent to make the exchange.
The Chief is stopped.
Who are trying to make good.
The two independence fighters are injured.
Succeed  blowing up the Chief s car.
Yamada makes the exchange  but attempts to double cross him.
The two men fight.
The diamond is broken.
Kanemura manages to escape.
He later reveals.
The diamond was  and that he manipulated the whole event to secure gold from the Japanese for the purposes of rebuilding Korea.
Back  the execution of civilians is halted by the radio broadcast announcing the surrender of Japan.
<EOS>
This documentary focuses in trash film  John Waters and Divine.
The film includes interviews  actress Edith Massey sings two songs  as well as a live performance of Divine performing his song Born to be Cheap.
<EOS>
Captain Sam Burgade has retired from law enforcement  the Arizona Rangers.
Hoping  he suddenly learns.
His old enemy Zach Provo has escaped with other convicts.
Years before  Burgade was shot and barely survived  but later sent Provo to prison.
Provo does not go after a cash shipment.
Burgade expects but instead kidnaps Burgade s daughter  Susan.
The six escaped.
Men form an ambush.
Provo allows two  assuming Burgade will show himself in an attempt to rescue her.
Who lust after Susan to sexually assault her.
Burgade has been knocked unconscious  however  and is unable to intervene.
Setting a fire to smoke out the fugitives  Burgade is able to dispose one by one.
Only Provo is left.
But he finds himself  then is shot by Provo several times and about to die.
When he is able to retaliate.
<EOS>
The Cross Road is a modern Romeo and Juliet type.
The Syrian Ahmed family has recently immigrated and chooses to live in Middle America.
The family is confronted.
Who has a great distrust.
Walker Monroe wants to drive the Syrian family out.
Meanwhile Salaam  the young son has fallen in love with the American family s daughter Bridget.
Walker recruits a fatherless teen next door to help him drive the Ahmeds.
He jeopardizes Salaam s life and his own daughter s happiness.
<EOS>
It is windy.
Charlie approaches Edna.
The two husbands themselves fight over ice cream.
Driven away  Charlie turns to the other s wife.
<EOS>
Three girls arrive in the city by train and decide to pretend to be wealthy Danish girls to attract three good looking young men a guided tour through the landmarks of the city.
Who offer them.
The girls accept and make the guys spend a fortune  but one evening they get drunk.
One incidentally reveals and are only from Milan.
They are not Danish.
The guys get upset and plan their revenge.
They make it up.
<EOS>
Shaukat is a Booker Prize-winning writer.
Whose latest work has been criticised for being too surreal for anyone s liking.
Antara  his wife  supports him nevertheless.
Shaukat has some weird plans though.
He decides to manufacture a realistic story.
Things go wrong.
Antara begins to have real feelings.
Whatever Shaukat pens turns out to be true.
He starts to believe  and writes.
He can change Antara s and Yash s fate.
Yash would commit suicide.
However  Antara soon comes to know.
She lies to Shaukat that Yash really committed suicide.
Order to disillusion Shaukat.
Shaukat   becomes schizophrenic.
The film ends  Antara sends Shaukat to an asylum  due to his schizophrenia.
<EOS>
Param Gill has reportedly shot a film.
Is inspired.
A hotel in Hong Kong was quarantined for one week.
The story goes on to tell the sequence.
Follow. 
The film has been promoted.
Audience is asked to identify four single digit numbers.
They appear.
These numbers could be.
The winning prize is $.
Hotel Hollywood was initially written as a psychological thriller.
But the sudden turn mixed the film with shades of horror.
<EOS>
A spoiled young queen sends her servant into the woods for the impossible task of finding April flowers in the midst of winter.
The young peasant girl finds the flowers.
<EOS>
A career military attorney  Lt.
Col.
Adams  is brought in to defend Lt.
Winston.
The commander informs Adams.
The Army would like the case to quietly go away and to put up so that the court can move for a quick conviction.
Adams discovers.
Investigating the crime.
Winston is completely insane.
The British are also anxious to see Winston hang and have no real interest in seeing justice done.
So   Adams finds himself and must decide.
The title suggests.
The officer can save his reputation or put up a real and compassionate defense.
<EOS>
Fields plays a dentist.
Whose daughter desires to marry an ice-delivery man.
He disapproves  especially.
She attempts to elope.
Fields locks her up  above his dental office.
Where she proceeds to stamp her feet  causing plaster chunks to fall as he attempts to treat his patients.
Various patients arrive at the office.
He attempts to use his dental drill without any apparent pain killer.
He engages in an intimate wrestling match.
He attempts to extract a painful tooth.
<EOS>
The plot revolves.
Barbara Feldon starred  with Nicholas Pryor as Andy DiCarlo  Bruce Dern as Big Bob Freelander  Geoffrey Lewis as Wilson Shears  and as the contestants  Joan Prather as Robin Gibson  Annette OToole as Doria Hudson  Melanie Griffith as Karen Love  and a small role played by Michael Ritchie s sister  Elsie Ritchie.
Choreographer Michael Kidd starred.
The movie was filmed in and around Santa Rosa  with the pageant held at Veteran s Memorial Auditorium.
<EOS>
The film is set.
Where four men are following an Aboriginal man who has been accused.
The characters are referred to by their characters rather than by names  they are  The Tracker  The Fanatic  The Follower  The Veteran and The Fugitive.
<EOS>
Jim Halsey and Grace Andrews are tormented.
Who calls himself John Ryder.
The couple hit the road.
The hitchhiker dangerously stands  near his broken down car.
Jim nearly hits him.
His car spins out.
Grace insists.
Someone else will stop to help.
They speed off.
Jim sees the hitchhiker climb out of a tractor-trailer cab.
Gassing up.
The hitchhiker introduces himself and asks for a ride.
Reluctantly Jim agrees.
The hitchhiker becomes violent and holds a knife.
The hitchhiker tells him the only way to save himself.
Grace is to say  I want to die.
Jim screams out.
I do nt wan na die.
He then hits the brakes hard  causing the hitchhiker to hit his head.
Jim then speeds up  kicking the hitchhiker repeatedly.
He is ejected.
Later Jim and Grace drive down the road and see a station wagon.
The hitchhiker appears  apparently having hitched a ride.
Grace and Jim try to warn the family.
They are run off the road.
Totals Jim s car.
The couple is forced to continue.
No other choice is totalled.
They eventually find the family s station wagon.
Both children and the mother are dead.
Hoping to find help  the couple take the station wagon and head towards town.
The hitchhiker appears  and attempts to run them.
Jim and Grace stop.
Where the father dies.
Suspected  Jim and Grace are arrested and brought to the police station.
Grace is interrogated.
Jim is held.
The hitchhiker shows up and kills everyone.
Who flee.
The couple arrives at a junkyard.
Grace attempts to negotiate.
Jim and Grace order him.
When this fails.
However  he is shot by the hitchhiker.
He can enter the car and leave to get reinforcements.
Another officer just arriving witnesses this and begins shooting.
They attempt to escape.
There might be a third suspect.
The hitchhiker shows up and helps Jim and Grace escape.
The police  managing to single-handedly blind shooting  take out all.
Grace and Jim walk.
Their cruiser breaks down.
Jim steps out of the room to make a phone call.
He is gone.
Grace falls asleep watching Alfred Hitchcock s The Birds.
She is awakened in the bed.
Who is fondling her.
The hitchhiker tries to rape her.
Grace manages to fight him off and hide.
The hitchhiker disappears.
Grace searches.
The motel manager sees her and calls the police.
Grace finds Jim and sees.
He is tied.
The hitchhiker looks and revs the engine  moving the truck a few inches.
This hurts.
Jim and Grace runs.
Grace points the gun and tells him to stop the truck.
The hitchhiker keeps hitting the gas  brutally hurting Jim.
The police   then show up and see Grace.
Who still think Grace and Jim are the killers.
They do not realize.
Who is.
They tell her to drop the gun.
The hitchhiker tells Grace not to listen.
The hitchhiker releases.
The pedal and Jim is split at the waist  killing him.
Grace is devastated.
The hitchhiker and Grace are then apprehended.
The next morning  Esteridge tells the hitchhiker.
He will be transported.
He also tells Grace.
Whose innocence has been proven.
The real John Ryder is missing.
They do not know the true identity.
He also informs her.
He will be taking her and released to her parents.
The hitchhiker is bound and placed in the back of a police van  with Grace and Esteridge driving behind them in an SUV.
The hitchhiker is able to break free of his restraints  kills the guard  and shoots the policeman in the passenger seat.
Who is watching him.
The driver loses control and rolls the van  taking out an oncoming car.
Crashes. 
Lieutenant Esteridge s leg has been trapped.
Grace takes Esteridge s gun  leaving him unarmed and helpless  and slowly makes her way.
Which Ryder is caught.
Grace opens the back door  whereupon the hitchhiker takes her gun and locks her.
The hitchhiker sees a pool  and shoots it  igniting the van.
Grace manages to get a shotgun before the gasoline explodes.
The hitchhiker shoots Esteridge and walks away.
However  Grace survives the explosion and shoots the hitchhiker several times  finally killing him and ending his rampage.
<EOS>
Mickey is introduced riding.
Would be expected.
He soon reaches local bar and restaurant Cantina Argentina.
He enters the establishment to relax with some drinking and smoking.
Already present are resident barmaid and dancer Minnie Mouse and a fellow customer.
The latter is Black Pete and is soon introduced.
Pete had already been established.
However this short marks his first encounter.
The latter pair also appear unfamiliar.
The short apparently depicts their initial encounter.
Minnie performs.
The tango and salsa and both customers start flirting.
Pete then attempts to put an early ending by proceeding in kidnapping her.
He escapes.
Mickey gives chase and soon catches up to his rival.
Pete and Mickey then proceed.
The latter emerges the victor and finally gets hold.
The finale has Mickey and Minnie riding the rhea.
<EOS>
Vijay is an engineer.
Who is with a rich girl named Rekha.
Rekha s snobby father disapproves.
Vijay is not wealthy  and so he has arranged to be married to a son of an evil politician.
The evil politician is played.
Rekha s father and the politician frame Vijay.
He did nt commit.
He goes.
He becomes friends.
When he s.
All four men escape.
They all go to a small village called Shantinagar and help save the village from the evil politician and the bandits.
Terrorize the town.
The evil politician is arrested.
Rekha s father feels remorse and accepts Vijay.
Vijay and his three prisoner friends go back.
However  the film ends.
Their good deeds will be rewarded.
<EOS>
The Complete Truth About De-Evolution contains almost all from 1976 to.
The DVD does not include two notable music videos  the first is Doctor Detroit  the theme  the second is the Jimi Hendrix cover Are U Experienced.
The films are presented and are interspersed with clips from a promotional film Devo made with Pioneer in the 1980s to promote the Laserdisc format.
The DVD also includes many bonus features.
Casale  an interview  live footage from early Devo performances  photo galleries and more.
<EOS>
Fifi is an accomplished young chef.
Who is constantly hounded.
Her food is so delicious.
It takes.
No one can look again.
<EOS>
A satirical allegory follows the exploits of two convicts.
Who accidentally escape while being transferred.
They meet a female outlaw.
They can turn themselves back.
She persuades the pair to rob a bank in Seoul.
The two decide to flee.
When their robbery turns.
<EOS>
Rupert Marshetta and his accomplice and lover Carla kidnap Rupert s father to gain access.
Nobody wants his father back.
They find out.
His father has already sold the land.
The police arrest Pam.
They can not find Rupert and his father.
He takes his father.
Where police find them before he fits an explosive device to break open the portable toilet where he thinks his father has hidden the money.
Everybody escapes the explosion.
<EOS>
Thirumoorthy  a corrupt politician  dreams to become the prime minister and hires an terrorist to kill the current prime minister.
Sekhar is engaged by a terrorist.
They escapes.
He reveals  kills some terrorists and catches the leader.
He is a police officer.
He is praised.
Yamuna is.
Nilakantha  an orthodox Brahmin  is Sekhar s father.
Best friend and Sekhar s father decides to marry his son.
Franka  a French citizen  lives to learn their culture.
Sekhar also falls with Yamuna.
His father accepts.
Sekhar has the mission to find Franka.
Who supposed to be lost.
A killer misses to kill Sekhar and kills Yamuna.
Sekhar goes.
It was empty.
Meena is now for killing Franka.
Sekhar invites Thirumoorthy.
Meena attempts to kill him.
The same killer saves her and kills the killer.
Who killed Yamuna tries to kill Meena but Sekhar.
Sekhar enquires Meena ans.
She reveals the truth.
Franka was robbed her handbag.
Meena and Franka complained.
Franka was called but Thirumoorthy raped her.
She died.
Thangamani  a police officer  promised to arrest the culprit.
He first prevented his partner Thirumoorthy.
Thangamani arrested Meena and the villagers humiliated her family  Meena s family have.
Sekhar gets married in the jail.
Meena is released.
Sekhar is unable to arrest Thirumoorthy.
It would be a black mark.
Thangamani refuses to provide information.
He beats Thangamani.
Thangamani reveals all  however a hitman kills Thangamani and kidnaps Sekhar.
Thirumoorthy threatens Sekhar to kill his father and his wife himself.
He does nt kill the prime minister.
Sekhar is escorted by Thirumoorthy s henchmen in the plane  he manages to escape from the plane.
He finds the place  and saves them.
Where his father and his wife are sequestrated.
To save the prime minister  Sekhar finds the sniper and kills him.
Thirumoorthy decides to kill himself the prime minister.
Sekhar saves him and kills Thirumoorthy.
<EOS>
An outspoken repairsman  live with their friends in the peaceful El Barrio  located in Manga Latina - the 52rd state in the US.
However  a series begin to terrorize Victor s community.
The news are quickly spread.
The media warns.
Them unrecognizable  and that the killer is a master.
The authorities   do nt really seem to care much about the wellbeing of El Barrio s inhabitants.
But the rebellious Victor  far  decides - they re dead Latinos.
He will investigate the matter personally  as  these are not just dead people anymore.
Order to stop the killer.
Victor s group  besides  consists of Bello  thin and paranoid   Ricky  a pothead and green-haired man   and the Sisters C.
Who is sure that the killer is.
Who is worried that the killer will get him.
C.
Claudia and Camila  who just join to protect El Barrio.
Nevertheless  all is hang.
They seem to be able to do.
Where coffee is always free no matter what  waiting  and driving around Chucho s car with a megaphone telling people to stay home.
Eventually  the media starts to give out vague hints to recognize the killer  so vague.
The killer could be anybody.
Regardless  Victor starts to suspect an unnamed pinata maker  or a British musician.
Of whom make life impossible.
<EOS>
AKA   .
A romantic story makes a last  desperate effort to find its way out of the Balkan absurdity and misfortune.
Their story mirrors the universal story  the forgotten street heroes  A romantic story about a gypsy family  living in periphery of Macedonian capital.
Who make the news.
It s talk through everyday life  colorful.
Describe their ambitions and their honest and sweet dreams.
It s film.
Even  story is placed  it s everywhere story  with everywhere problems and situations  some of it from every level of society.
Big Dreams  Love  Family  Acceptance - are spices of this honest and touching story.
Cry  to time.
A bed is an object  does it s gone release.
<EOS>
Darkly Noon is a young man.
Who has spent his entire life.
Results. 
Callie nurses Darkly back.
Darkly is frustrated to his new companion.
Darkly s frustration intensifies.
When Clay  Callie s mute boyfriend who builds the coffins Jude sells  returns home.
Roxy  his internal conflicts grow even stronger.
When Darkly encounters Clay s mother.
Roxy despises the relationship  and tells Darkly.
Callie is a witch bent.
Finally   Darkly s rage boils over.
Having wrapped himself and armed with one of Clay s chisels  he bursts into Callie and Clay s house  intent on murdering the couple.
Whom he discovers having sex.
Darkly is finally tamed by Callie s confession.
She loves him.
Jude arrives  rifle in hand  to rescue Callie and Clay.
Jude shoots Darkly  who laments  Who will love me now.
<EOS>
Fernando is a failed football goalkeeper.
Who is finding it even hard to find his bread and butter.
Goalkeeper Roman is injured and useless Fernando steps in to face a last-minute penalty kick.
But  the unruly crowd spills.
It s converted.
The referee decrees.
The penalty must be retaken one week later.
The hitherto unpopular Fernando suddenly finds himself getting kid glove treatment  with team coach Santos even arranging a date with Roman s reluctant girlfriend Cecilia.
Whom Fernando fancies.
<EOS>
Seventeen-year-old  seven-months-pregnant Novalee Nation sets off to California with her ignorant neer - do-well boyfriend  Willy Jack Pickens.
Novalee asks her boyfriend to stop at.
That she can go and replace her shoes  which had fallen out a hole in the floor of their beat-up car.
When Novalee reaches out.
55 sends her.
She runs outside to find.
Her boyfriend has left.
Novalee browses.
She meets Sister Husband  a woman  and mistakenly believes Novalee to be her long-lost relative Ruth Ann.
Who runs the Welcome Wagon.
She gives her a buckeye tree and a welcome basket.
Novalee also meets.
A photographer named Moses Whitecotton who becomes her mentor.
Later that evening  Novalee feels sick and runs to vomit.
Again she discovers.
When she comes out.
The store is closed  locked  and dark.
She soon figures out.
To live undetected.
Novalee visits the library and meets Forney Hull.
Who works.
Novalee learns.
Forney dropped out and wanted to be a history teacher before he had to leave school.
Novalee goes and explains.
She is not Ruth Ann.
However  Sister Husband invites her in to stay the buckeye tree in Sister s yard.
That night  Novalee wakes up during a thunderstorm.
When she starts feeling pain.
Her water breaks.
She goes.
Attempting to clean it up.
Forney jumps and helps deliver her baby.
When she falls because she notices that she was on the row 5 of the store so she makes a big effort to move to the next row  just in this moment.
The next morning  Novalee wakes up and became an instant celebrity after giving birth in a.
All day she is stalked.
What she will name her baby girl.
Novalee gets to know Lexie.
Who reveals that she has had four children.
Novalee gets a visit.
Whom she has not seen since she was a child.
Her mother asks.
She has a place to live.
Novalee says no.
Her mother says.
The two women can get an apartment together.
Novalee shows her the $.
She was given to her mother.
Novalee s mother takes the $ 500  saying.
She would use it to get an apartment.
Novalee agrees.
Her mother can come pick her and Americus up.
M. 
The next day.
The next day  it is 1215  but her mother never shows up.
Novalee realizes.
Her mother only wanted the money.
Sister Sister comes to pick up Novalee and offers to let Novalee.
The baby live.
Novalee s ex-boyfriend Willy Jack Pickens is shown trying to make it  and is hired by agent Ruth Meyers.
Later  Novalee is shown to have a good time.
An extremely religious couple come to show the Wal-Mart Baby the word of god.
Sister Husband slams the door.
Later  Novalee and Forney are getting Christmas trees.
When Forney remembers Americus is 5 months old.
This shocks Novalee to find out.
Americus was kidnapped.
Sister Husband talks.
That came  and that they were from Midnight  Mississippi.
Novalee remembers.
She was reading cards that people sent to her and that one card post marked and sent from Midnight Mississippi said her baby was an abomination under God.
Novalee asks Forney.
Bad things happened.
Then  they follow the police cars.
Where they find Americus.
Five years pass.
Novalee begins a career with the help of Moses Whitecotton.
One day   Novalee and Americus hide.
When a tornado blows.
Sister is out running an errand and does not make it back.
Sister Husband is killed.
Their home is destroyed.
One of Sister Husband s friends from AA informs Novalee.
She is the beneficiary  worth around $.
Novalee proceeds to build a new home and Americus on Sister s land.
One day  Novalee receives a call.
Novalee can not hear  and eventually perceives.
What he is saying.
Something bad has happened so she drives.
She finds Lexie.
Novalee permits Lexie and her now five children to live in their new house.
Lexie tells Novalee.
Her new boyfriend had gone and tried to molest her two oldest children  Brownie and Praline  before Praline had thrown up on him.
Lexie returned home and caught him.
He got.
She attacked him  hitting him twice.
He knocked her out.
Lexie is  but.
Her children begin to heal.
She eventually marries the ordinary but reliable Ernie the Exterminator and has another child.
He does not appear to be  Novalee finds him in a hotel.
Comforts him.
Novalee and Forney end up sleeping together.
He tells her that he loves her.
She does nt reply.
Forney returns to bury his sister.
The town s people make comments.
He can finally leave town and have a real life.
He talks.
When Forney comes back.
Bowdoin and Novalee realizes that he could now finish his education.
Forney says  but Novalee lies  saying.
He loves her and wants to get a factory job and stay.
She does not love him.
He leaves.
Novalee is paranoid about her party because of the unlucky.
Later  Novalee picks up a newspaper and reads a story.
The man proves to be Willy Jack  her ex-boyfriend and father.
Willy lost his legs.
When he was drunk because he was sued.
He kept hearing Novalee s voice talking  then he tripped on train tracks and an oncoming train.
He was drunk.
He failed to see Novalee.
He entered an elevator just moments after Novalee left the other elevator  in order to receive an award for a prized photograph.
She visits Willy and tells him about.
What happened.
He admits.
He lied when he told her that he did nt feel the baby s heart beat the day he left her behind.
Willy says.
He wishes he could go back and undo the lie.
Willy explains.
Just mean.
Novalee realizes.
She made a similar mistake lying.
She drives Willy Jack home and then continues to Maine to find Forney at college.
Novalee admits.
She lied and that she really loves him and they return to get married in a.
<EOS>
A rich contractor s son is impressed into the labor force building his own father s dam at Silver Peak.
Rancher Crofton and his daughter Enid confront New York contractor James Dukane  Sr.
When construction threatens their land.
Dukane sends his son James Jimmy Dukane  Jr.
To manage construction and to deal on the locals  hoping mature.
The task will help his son.
However  enroute  Jimmy is waylaid by a vagabond.
His clothing and identification are stolen.
Dressed  Jimmy finally meets with the construction foreman Corbetson  and instead puts him to work with a pick and shovel.
Who skoffs.
Jimmy learns.
Corbetson has been using sub-par materials and embezzling monies.
Corbetson is planning to blow up the dam.
To hide his crime.
<EOS>
Vijay is an orphan.
Who leads a simple life along.
He falls with Sathya.
Who is a very rich girl.
Sathya imposes a condition.
Vijay s family history and pedigree are very important.
Vijay comes to know.
Vijay seizes the chance.
But  he realizes.
He goes there.
Things are not as simple as they seem.
The family has a violent past and a bitter dispute.
He also realizes.
Thousands are now dependent on him for their very survival.
He also discovers.
He is the Chinaraja the real heir.
Vijay does not like violence.
He tries his best to solve the problems peacefully.
But the rival gang does not give him a chance.
Vexed kills Nasser s two sons and opens eyes of Nasser by placing a sword on Nasser s third son.
<EOS>
Chintamani was based.
He was devotee.
He gets infatuated called Chintamani  a woman of ill-fame and deserts his wife.
However  Chintamani is an ardent devotee and spends most of her time singing bhajans in praise of Lord Krishna.
His attraction eventually draws Bilwamangal closer towards Lord Krishna and transforms his life forever.
Bilwangal  himself  becomes a devotee and pens a monumental Sanskrit work Sri Krishna Karnamritam.
<EOS>
The film begins.
Most were written by Gray Baker.
Who visited Strauss.
The gates fade into the same gates in the present day  now the grounds of a Catholic orphanage.
Mike Church is a smart-alecky Los Angeles private investigator.
Whose jobs usually involve running down deadbeats and finding missing persons.
He is called.
Where Mike was raised  to help identify a woman who showed up  unable to speak.
Mike takes the woman   to stay.
Whom he calls Grace.
Where he discovers she is terrified.
The two uncover clues.
Grace regains her voice  an antique dealer.
Who claims she is having a past-life experience.
She recalls a couple.
Who lived  as if she were part of their history.
Franklyn finds a LIFE magazine identifying the couple.
Margaret was brutally murdered.
Roman was executed.
Grace is upset to that of Roman and Margaret.
Mike and Grace fall.
Grace becomes afraid and is unconvinced by his assertions.
He s not Roman.
Franklyn hypnotizes Mike  leading  but of Margaret.
Mike is not the reincarnation.
Now  Mike becomes afraid.
Mike consults.
Who lost his license and now works.
Grace consults  each is advised to kill the other.
Meanwhile  Mike s friend uncovers Grace s true identity  Amanda Sharpe  an artist.
He takes Amanda and Franklyn.
Where she discovers she is an artist who is obsessed.
Franklyn gives Amanda an antique gun.
Mike finds Baker  old and decrepit.
Baker says.
He no longer thinks Roman killed Margaret and says that the housekeeper  Inga  would know.
The housekeeper moved out and opened an antiques shop run by her son  Frankie  a disturbed boy with a stutter.
Who was accused.
Mike visits Inga.
Who explains it was Frankie who killed Margaret.
Inga had always been with Roman.
She saved his life while they fled war-torn Europe.
Inga was treated coldly.
Baker   instilled suspicions.
Who was attracted.
Roman had indeed killed his first wife and that he was having a sexual affair.
But Roman refused to fire Inga.
Made her more suspicious.
Inga was unhappy and told Frankie.
Frankie killed Margaret.
Mike races to Amanda s apartment  Frankie in the meantime arrives at the shop and smothers his mother.
Mike breaks.
She shoots him.
He is trying to explain.
Frankie shows up.
Amanda tries to shoot him.
The gun misfires.
Frankie slaps Amanda unconscious and prepares to shoot her.
Mike rouses himself and stabs Frankie.
Pete shows up and tries to prevent Mike from -- killing Amanda.
What he thinks he s doing.
He quickly realizes.
It is Frankie who intends to do the killing.
Amanda stabs Frankie in the back with the scissors.
Enraged  Frankie removes the scissors and lunges.
Mike moves a giant sculpture made.
Roman and Margaret kiss.
The scene fills.
The shot fades kissing.
<EOS>
Manbei Kohayagawa is the head.
His eldest and youngest daughters  Akiko and Noriko  stay together.
Akiko is a widow.
Who helps out and who has a son.
Noriko  unmarried  works.
Manbei s second daughter  Fumiko  lives.
Her husband helps.
They have a young son.
Manbei asks his brother-in-law Kitagawa to find Akiko a husband.
Kitagawa lets Akiko meet a friend Isomura Eiichirou  a widower.
Isomura is enthusiastic.
Akiko is hesitant.
Manbei also asks Kitagawa to arrange a matchmaking session.
Manbei sneaks out constantly to meet his old flame  a former mistress by the name of Sasaki Tsune.
Sasaki has a.
Who may or may not be Manbei s own daughter.
She is angered and confronts her father.
When Fumiko finds out Manbei has been seeing Sasaki again.
Manbei denies the whole affair.
The Kohayagawa family meets at Arashiyama.
Manbei has a heart attack but survives.
Akiko asks Noriko with a man with a voracious appetite.
It appears.
Noriko is more inclined.
Manbei has another heart attack  and dies shortly after.
Sasaki informs the daughters.
What happened.
The ailing Kohayagawa brewery is to be merged.
Noriko decides to go to search out Teramoto.
The Kohayagawa family gathers and reminisces about Manbei s life.
His body is cremated.
<EOS>
Cobra is the short form.
It tells the story Raja and Kari.
The name suggests.
Gopalan and Balan play the roles.
Cobra lives only.
Start. 
They shift to Kothamangalam.
They are looking with only one condition.
They should be sisters.
They find an alliance.
Their marriage gets fixed.
But  one of the brides gets late for marriage.
Thinking  Raja creates a fuzz there.
She eloped.
The marriage gets cancelled.
To escape  they shift to Kottayam.
They meets Samuel.
Who is looking.
He needs money.
Of which are doing medical studies else where.
They see the picture Sherly and Aany and plans a marriage with them.
Cobras are negotiating the deal.
Samuel wants to hide the news.
So he asks Cobras to hide this news.
Their studies are over.
Cobras say.
They will do registration only and during that period they will stay at Samuel s house as tenants.
Meanwhile  Isaac and his brother is trying to forcefully take Samuel s house and his hospital.
Isaac tries to humiliate Cobras.
Samuel and Isaac gets a boxing match the next weekend with a deal.
Whoever wins the match will get the hospital.
Isaac finds out.
Raja has a twin brother named Shivadas who looks exactly.
Isaac blackmails Raja saying.
If he does not withdraw  he will bring his twin brother to Kari.
Raja thinks.
It will break Kari s heart and so he decides to back out.
But Kari and Samuel decides to carry on.
Raja joins them.
Even Isaac tries to blackmail Raja showing.
Him Shivadas standing from the venue.
Initially Raja does not fight back and gets badly beaten.
Then Kari comes.
He gets badly beaten too.
Seeing Kari getting beaten up  Raja decides to fight back and defeats Isaac and his brother.
Meanwhile  seeing the love  Shivadas leaves the scene without anyone noticing.
<EOS>
Shack is a sadistic bully.
Who takes it to forcibly remove any hobo who tries to ride on his train.
Shack has an assortment  a hammer  a steel rod  and a chain.
A hobo .
Who is a hero.
1  manages to hop the train.
.
1 evades Shack and escapes.
Cigaret is caught.
Shack threatens to kill Cigaret.
Who is bragging that he and he alone got a free ride.
Shack is distracted.
When he gets the message that.
1 has announced.
He will become the first hobo to ride Shack s train all the way.
The other hobos agree.
The first who can successfully ride Shack s train will have earned the title Emperor.
Railroad workers place bets.
-1 can do it  spreading the news far and wide being widely known and disliked.
.
1 hops the train and does everything  pulling a series with the help of other hobos  such as running Shack s train into a siding.
He can to steer clear.
He tries to rid himself.
Who tags along and makes a general pest.
Shack succeeds.
They board a fast passenger train and ride it.
Overtakes Shack s train.
There  they have several farcical encounters.
Who chases the two.
They also encounter a Holiness minister holding an outdoor baptism service.
The two hobos reboard Shack s train.
It arrives.
The story ends  involving heavy chains  planks of wood and an ax.
.
1 ultimately has the bloodied Shack.
He just throws him off the train.
He then tosses Cigaret off.
They defeated Shack  telling the kid he could have become a good bum.
He s got no class.
<EOS>
It is a movie.
Colin and Mary are a British couple vacationing for the second time.
They are not married.
Mary has two children.
Who have been left with her mother.
We are shown glimpses.
Who seems to be observing them.
Late one night  they become.
Lost as they search.
They meet Robert  the British-Italian owner.
They wander around.
He is the very elegant-looking man.
He tells them stories about his sadistic father.
Who was an Italian diplomat.
Robert also talks his younger sisters played upon him.
Colin and Mary try to walk back to their hotel through the labyrinthine streets of Venice.
However  they lose their way and are forced to sleep.
They make their way to an outdoor restaurant in the square at St.
Mark s.
There they see Robert.
Where they stay.
They discover he.
His wife Caroline live.
Is. 
The purpose and Mary s trip is also to revitalize their relationship.
They decide to marry to England.
However  Robert and Caroline are a very mysterious couple.
Who attract and repulse the other pair.
Robert is clearly obsessed.
He also seems suspect.
Gradually  he draws them.
As a spider entraps his prey.
<EOS>
Private Snafu goes home.
Where he shares all his infantry s military secrets.
He thinks.
There s no harm done.
He is unaware.
The information has been relayed.
It is nt long  Snafu s being one.
There are media reports.
Made  Going Home was never released.
It showed the effects.
<EOS>
Ten-Year-Old Michael Myers murders a school bully named Wesley  later his own sister Judith  his mother s boyfriend Ronnie  and Judith s boyfriend Steve.
Michael is found guilty of first degree murder and sent to Smith s Grove - Warren County Sanitarium under the care of child psychologist Dr Samuel Loomis.
Michael initially cooperates  claiming no memory of the killings  his mother  Deborah  visits him regularly.
Michael becomes fixated on his papier-mache masks  closing himself off from everyone  even his mother.
She can no longer handle the situation and commits suicide.
When Michael kills a nurse as Deborah is leaving.
Michael continues making his masks and not speaking to anyone.
Dr Loomis  having continued to treat Michael  attempts to move on with his life and closes Michael s case.
Later   Michael escapes Smith s Grove  killing the sanitarium employees and a truck driver  and heads to Haddonfield.
Being prepared to maximum security.
Michael arrives at his old home  now abandoned  and recovers the kitchen knife and Halloween mask.
He stored the night he killed his sister.
The story shifts.
Her friends Annie Brackett and Lynda Van Der Klok.
Laurie witnesses Michael watching her from a distance.
That night  she heads to watch their son Tommy.
Meanwhile  Lynda meets.
Michael appears  murders them  and then heads.
Where he murders Laurie s parents  Mason and Cynthia.
Having been alerted  Dr Loomis comes to Haddonfield looking for Michael.
Loomis attempts to warn Sheriff Brackett.
Michael has returned.
Brackett and Dr Loomis head  with Brackett explaining along the way.
Laurie is actually Michael Myers  baby sister.
Meanwhile  Annie convinces Laurie to babysit Lindsey Wallace  a girl Annie is supposed to be watching.
Enough so she can have sex.
Annie and Paul return  during sex  Michael kills Paul and attacks Annie.
Bringing Lindsey home  Laurie finds Annie  bloodied but alive  and calls.
She is attacked.
Who chases her back.
Sheriff Brackett and Loomis hear the 911 call and head.
Michael kidnaps Laurie  and takes her back.
Michael approaches Laurie and tries to show her.
She is his younger sister.
Unable to understand  Laurie grabs Michael s knife and stabs him  Michael chases her  but is repeatedly shot by Dr Loomis.
Laurie and Loomis are just about to leave.
When Michael grabs Laurie and heads back.
Loomis intervenes.
Michael attacks him.
Laurie takes Loomis s gun and runs upstairs  she is chased.
Who   charges her head-on and knocks both of them over the railing.
Laurie finds herself.
Aiming Loomis  gun  she repeatedly pulls the trigger.
The gun finally goes off just Laurie s wrist.
<EOS>
Orphaned Leela lives.
Leela agrees to go as a maid as part of her dowry.
When Rangilibai arranges Kaushalya s marriage.
But things change.
When the landlord rejects Kaushalya and decides to marry Leela.
Leela is accused of having a lover and is thrown out of home by her husband.
Who later understands his mistake as he was misled.
Leela goes.
She firmly refuses to accept her.
Alone and desperate  Leela meets a distant relative named Gaman Singh.
He takes her in to live.
The latter blinds her.
When Leela refuses Swarupbai s demand to beg.
Having lost her vision  a blinded Leela is led daily and is forced to sit near the steps of a temple singing and begging for alms.
Soon Leela develops a loving mother-son relationship  a boy named Panna.
This relationship carries the narrative forward.
<EOS>
The film is set during the Red Chinese intervention.
The story follows the fate.
The subplot explores the psychological makeup  and therein examines the nature of service and valor.
Ultimately command falls upon Cpl.
Denno.
Who has an innate aversion.
<EOS>
The One Lamb is the story.
Who is diagnosed  and determined to atone for the sins of his past.
He once had everything going his way.
He lost everything.
He was abandoned  learns  and may not live long.
He is dying.
But he s determined to fight.
He tries to achieve redemption for his past failures while hoping and praying for a happy  healthy future.
<EOS>
FBI agent Kevin Cole goes undercover.
Kevin begins to question his role.
When he s ordered to undertake the week-long torture.
Where often he must hurt or end another human being s life just to make a bust.
<EOS>
The surviving seven minute fragment shows  the second feature film made.
Street scenes is believed to be part of the 1907 film.
Other scenes were believed to have included gold seekers leaving London  the issuing of licences  the rush at Canadian gully  the arrival of the first women at the goldfields  licence hunting  diggers chained to logs and rescued by mates  the murder of Scobie  diggers burning Bentley s Hotel  the Rebellion  Peter Lalor addressing the miners  burning the licenses  building the stockade  troops storming the stockade  the stockade in ruins  and a look at Ballarat 55 years later.
<EOS>
Lloyd Bourdelle risks it all on a two-year-old colt at the All American Futurity at Ruidoso Downs in New Mexico.
<EOS>
The plot revolves.
Paige incorporates aspects into her fictional stories.
Living alone  their lives are upset by the return of Paige s brother Trevor.
Who has been absent.
His return forces Paige to address her life and memories.
<EOS>
His dangerous and controlling former boss  Kranski  forces him back.
When Vince is paroled.
Working as a car thief  Vince finds solace in welding sculptures out of metal and old car parts in Kranski s chop shop.
His chance emerges  as well as romantic complications with Belinda s gallery assistant  Kristen.
When Vince s raw and evocative sculptures are discovered.
Caught  Vince has to cleverly manoeuvre his way out to become his own man and his own artist.
<EOS>
Shozo Iwaki is a strong fighter by shrugging off all wounds and damage.
He has a falling out and spends years in the South American jungle fighting mercenaries.
Shozo is found by Red Tiger and his team  a Japanese special agent.
Who informs him that his father was assassinated.
Shozo returns home is now a sleazy loan shark operation run  and a rival Yakuza boss  Kurawaki.
To find his old hideout.
Who is double crossing him and trying to unite the other clans.
Shozo is then ambushed.
He abandoned her when he left.
Upset  Shozo destroys various Kurawaki holdings.
He finds that Sister Nayoko is kidnapped himself.
Shozo attacks the Kurawaki high-rise headquarters and rescues Nayoko.
Kurawaki escapes off Shozo s right arm and left leg.
Shozo manages to retaliate.
Kurawaki survives.
Shozo s  but is severely scarred and dependent.
Kurawaki and his assistant plan to raise an army.
Includes Shozo s former sparring partner and blood brother Tetsu  who has been driven mad due at the hands of a rival crime.
Shozo is rebuilt with a M61 Vulcan gatling gun as a prosthetic right arm.
A knee mounted rocket launcher.
Nayoko again thinks and is kidnapped by Kurawaki.
Shozo is a foolish and leaves him.
Shozo blasts it out.
When Red Tiger attempts to control Shozo s actions.
Shozo goes including mind controlled thugs and machine-gun armed nurses.
He faces off.
Who attacks him.
Finding their weapons to be a stalemate  they resort.
Where Shozo ultimately is victorious and kills Tetsu.
Shozo tracks down Kurowaki.
Who has installed a nuclear device.
Shozo claims.
A true Yakuza is nt afraid and kills Kurowaki which detonates the nuclear weapon as well.
<EOS>
Mr and Mrs Cherrywood are a middle-aged couple.
Who run an orphanage.
Mr Cherrywood tells the orphans a story  their home in the clouds.
Care Bears Friend Bear and Secret Bear travel looking for people to cheer up.
They meet Kim and Jason  two lonely orphaned children.
Friend and Secret introduce themselves and remind the children  neither of them takes interest.
Another Care Bear  Tenderheart  spots a magician s apprentice named Nicholas.
Nicholas finds an old book.
Unloading a trunk.
An evil spirit appears  and starts corrupting him.
When he unlocks the book.
The spirit lays waste to the amusement park  and begins a quest to remove all caring from the world.
Back  some of the other bears are working on their new invention  the Rainbow Rescue Beam  a portal.
Can send any Bear.
The two youngest bears  Baby Hugs and Baby Tugs  interfere and bring forth a group of unexpected visitors -- Friend Bear  Secret Bear  Kim  and Jason.
The Bears introduce themselves  and give them a tour of their home.
Tenderheart returns  caused by the spirit  ruins Care-a-lot  he informs the others of Nicholas  troubles on Earth.
Using the Rescue Beam  he sends Kim and Jason  the four of them end up in the Forest of Feelings.
When the portal malfunctions.
The rest of the Care Bears begin searching for the group aboard a cloud ship.
The children and their friends are introduced to Brave Heart Lion and Playful Heart Monkey  two of the Care Bear Cousins.
Later on  the other Bears discover more.
The spirit attacks them in several guises -- as a spearfish  a tree  and an eagle.
The friends venture back to Earth to save Nicholas from its influence.
Nicholas obtains the ingredients for his spell against the children and the creatures.
The Care Bears and company engage.
He casts it.
The bears shoot beams  forming their Stare  the Cousins help with their Call.
Nicholas and the spirit briefly regain control.
The creatures  power drains away.
The apprentice finally realises his misdeeds   he closes the spirit s face back into the book and saves himself  the park  and the world.
Kim and Jason assist him.
Nicholas thanks the group and reunites.
Tenderheart Bear inducts the Care Bear Cousins.
Kim and Jason find new parents.
His wife reveals his first name  Nicholas.
Mr Cherrywood finishes his story.
Tenderheart Bear   returns in his Cloud Mobile.
Who has been listening.
The film ends.
<EOS>
Notorious gunslinger George Kelby Jr.
And his wife Dora settle down to avoid having to continually face men out to become famous for shooting down the fastest gun alive.
George becomes a mild-mannered teetotal shopkeeper little respected.
One day  the whole town hears the news.
Outlaw Vinnie Harold has gunned.
He listens.
They are also laughing  seeing him as nothing but a ribbon clerk.
HIs pride stung  he goes back  retrieves his gun from hiding  belts it on  and - over her desperate pleading not to destroy the peaceful life - says.
They have built.
They have to know who I am and goes.
The men are astonished - and a little afraid.
He sets.
Finally blurts out his secret.
He is the fastest gun alive.
Who killed him.
He takes them and gives them a demonstration of his skill.
When the citizens disbelieve him.
First   he hits two silver dollars tossed into the air on the count of three by two men.
He shoots.
A beer glass dropped from a man s hand at twenty feet  hitting it almost immediately after it left the man s hand.
Meanwhile   Harold has come and finds out about George s display of gun skill from a local boy.
Everyone is.
Harold decides to stay and face George.
Though he is.
Vinnie finds out.
The fast gun is and sends Swope to the church to call him out so his boss can meet him.
Harold sends Dink out to find some kerosene and pour it.
When the town refuses to send out the man who shot two silver dollars.
Then orders Swope to deliver a message.
If the fast gun does nt come out  Vinnie and his men will burn down the whole town unless George faces him.
The townspeople now forget their oath and try to force George.
George now has to tell the whole truth  explaining.
He is no gunman  that he has never been.
The gun is actually his father s.
He is terrified.
Swope and Wells elect to abandon Vinnie.
Dink stays  but rides off.
Swope   is told to either draw or ride out -- but without any of the loot.
Who decides to take his share.
Swope leaves  toys.
He thinks better and leaves.
Before George exits the church to face Vinnie.
But  George forces down his fear and goes out into the street.
Where he outdraws and kills Harold.
The townspeople   claim.
When a posse pursuing the outlaws shows up.
Who are attending the burial.
Kelby and Harold shot each other dead.
It s revealed.
Kelby was nt killed and that a coffin filled  and Kelby s reputation as the fastest gun alive  was buried.
This allows George and Dora to resume their peaceful existence.
<EOS>
A boy named.
Carlos arrives  thinking that he will be staying there temporarily  until his father returns from the Spanish Civil War.
There is a bomb.
Was defused.
Carlos then sees a ghost.
Who disappears shortly.
He is distracted.
When he goes in to investigate.
Whom he befriends.
He shows them his toys and comics.
Jaime  an older orphan  steals one.
Carlos starts to fight but is distracted by the sight of his tutor and his bodyguard driving away without him.
His father is dead.
He does nt know it.
He will be staying indefinitely.
Dr Casares  the assistant administrator  sympathizes.
That night   Carlos is distracted by noises  suggested to be a ghost.
The alleged ghost knocks.
Wakes the rest.
Carlos and Jaime dare each other to go and refill the water pitchers.
Carlos wanders down a spiral staircase.
Where he hears the ghost  who tells him cryptically that many will die.
He runs away.
Jacinto  a former orphan  catches him.
Who now works.
The next day  Carlos does not reveal.
He was out  which earns him Jaime s respect.
Does Jaime s bullying.
Only when Carlos saves Jaime.
Jaime offers him a drawing and a piece in return for the stolen comic book.
Carlos refuses.
Another orphan claims  and explains.
When a long sigh is heard.
It is a ghost.
A boy named Santi had disappeared.
There has been a ghost haunting the orphanage.
Jaime apparently does not believe.
One night  Carlos sneaks out.
He approaches the bomb and asks it to show him.
Where Santi is.
A paper streamer on the bomb is caught by the wind and leads him to the ghost.
Carlos becomes scared and runs away.
The ghost follows him at the end of a hallway.
Frightened  Carlos locks himself.
Where he sleeps that night.
He realizes.
When Carlos looks and finds a picture of Santi bleeding.
Jaime knows more than he s telling.
Jacinto has been for a long time and despises the place.
His girlfriend Conchita   has plans to marry Jacinto.
Whom Jaime has a crush.
Jacinto  meanwhile  is aware at the orphanage.
He uses sexual favors to steal keys  to open the safe.
Carmen loves Dr Casares.
She is unwilling to acknowledge this.
Dr Casares is embarrassed.
It seems to inhibit his confidence.
Jacinto is unsuccessful.
Dr Casares witnesses Carlos  tutor and his bodyguard being executed by the army.
Dr Casares plans to lead the orphans away.
Jacinto demands the gold but is forced to leave.
Conchita discovers Jacinto preparing to blow up the safe.
The orphans and staff prepare to leave.
She threatens him  he taunts her.
She accidentally shoots him.
Jacinto succeeds in burning much of the orphanage down before leaving.
An explosion kills Carmen and many orphans  leaving many.
Who resolves to take up guard duty.
The night  Jaime tells Carlos.
He was present when Santi was killed.
They had been collecting slugs in the cellar under the kitchen.
Santi heard a noise and discovered Jacinto trying to break.
Santi ran back.
Jacinto followed.
Jacinto tried to threaten Santi   Jacinto slammed him.
When they struggled.
Santi suffered.
A serious head wound and went.
Jacinto panicked and rushed off.
Jaime came out of his hiding place and tried his best to comfort the mortally wounded Santi  the scene being revealed to the audience as the same one.
Was foreshadowed.
Jaime then heard Jacinto returning  and ran off.
Jacinto  unaware  tied weights to Santi s body and pushed him in the cistern.
Where he drowned.
The second day vows to the boys.
He will not leave them.
Meanwhile  Jacinto is en route back.
He meets an exhausted Conchita.
Driving. 
Who has walked all night to get help.
Jacinto stops the vehicle and demands.
Conchita apologize.
Conchita refuses.
She is no longer afraid.
Jacinto stabs her  killing her.
Leaving her body  Jacinto and his friends make their way to the orphanage.
Where they imprison the surviving orphans and then look.
Jacinto and his accomplices manage to open the damaged safe.
Where Jacinto saw the gold hidden.
It is now empty.
The conspirators angrily abandon Jacinto  take the car and leave him.
Jacinto catches a glint of light in the rubble  and finds the gold hidden in Carmen s prosthetic leg  half-buried in debris.
The orphans rationalize.
They will be killed once Jacinto finds the gold.
They sharpen sticks to climb out of a small  high window.
Order to open the locked door.
Unfortunately  Galvez severely injures his ankle and is unable to move.
He slips and falls.
Very much  the door suddenly unlocks and opens of its own accord.
The boys quickly exit and come.
Who tells them that it was Dr Casares who opened the door and that the doctor told him that the boys must be brave and protect one another.
The boys find Dr Casares  monogrammed pocket square  and move to confront Jacinto.
The boys cleverly lure Jacinto  and distract him.
Jaime stabs him.
The boys then push the wounded Jacinto.
Where he drowned Santi.
Weighed down and dragged down by the ghost of Santi  Jacinto drowns.
The surviving children then leave the orphanage  watched over silently.
<EOS>
LAPD Detective John Kang dreams.
Those dreams quickly turn bloody.
When he is targeted by a ruthless Cambodian warlord.
Plagued and trapped in the middle of a brutal gang war  Kang must fight to save his family.
The world s deadliest hitman closes in.
<EOS>
35-year-old Nora Schoonover has relocated from New York to Los Angeles and has fallen into a depression.
She is working a low salary job and has gotten.
Will Brodsky is assigned to help her work.
They quickly fall.
One day  her estranged 16-year-old son Steven   shows up.
Who has been living and is supposed to be on computer camp.
A television interview  inspires Nora to enter and complete the Hawaiian Triathlon as a way of starting a new life.
Steven   promises to help and train her.
Who has no interest.
Norma quickly wants to give up  and claims to be too sick to enter the Triathlon  as well as taking care.
Steven feels.
She is making up excuses and reminds her.
Inspired  Norma continues her training.
Simultaneously  she grows closer.
Who has reported her car stolen.
Though he is that she sold it to tourists.
Life gets better.
John shows up one day demanding.
Nora considers blowing it off again  lying to Will and advising Steven to go with his father.
She is seeing another man.
Steven does not take her advice  though  and accompanies her.
Nora gets acquainted with her competition  including Mary and Mark Wilson.
Steven attracts the attention.
Nora completes swimming  but falls off her bicycle and gets injured on her arm.
She is determined to complete the Triathlon.
The accident causes her not qualify.
Her only hope now is a lottery.
Gives some unqualified contestants a second chance.
Nora loses fate.
She gets picked  with Will showing up to support her.
Nora finishes 58th in the swimming category.
Is led.
This is followed  in high temperatures and with a backfiring wind.
Nora struggles.
Stays focused and finished.
Steven  extremely proud  expresses his interest in moving in with her.
She starts running.
Mark has already finished  Nora is still in the race  but starts to lose ground and threatens to reach her physical limits.
Nora is pushed to finish by contestant Donald Turnquist.
Who suffers.
Nora collapses right  but stands up and completes the race in 13 hours and 32 minutes on the 217th place  winning her son s respect.
<EOS>
Saturn is the story of a group of very close friends in Rome and.
They cope.
The original group   are two straight couples  Antonio and Angelica and Roberto and Neval  and a gay former couple  Davide and Sergio.
Who have been together.
Relatively new additions are Davide s current lover Lorenzo and Lorenzo s friend Roberta.
Early a final member is added to the group  Paolo  an acquaintance of Lorenzo and Roberta.
There are tensions.
The members love each other and spend much time together.
Who make up the group.
Antonio and Angelica seem to be a perfect couple.
Their two young children is carrying.
Are clearly dysfunctional  and Antonio.
Roberto feels.
While Neval is a core member he is not.
And  Paolo s entry stirs up hidden currents of competition and infidelity.
Davide and Lorenzo look.
Begin to test the relationship.
Lorenzo without warning suffers an aneurism and falls into a coma from.
He does not recover.
His friends are deeply shaken  problems begin to emerge and threaten to destroy the group.
Have been hidden.
Davide almost commits suicide.
They all finally convene.
Slowly the wounds begin to heal.
<EOS>
A rich man takes in a suffering homeless orphan named Chun Yau.
The man s spoiled/jealous son does not take well.
Chun Yau grows.
Likewise  the jealous son grows.
The jealous son holds a grudge.
Chun Yau stole his girlfriend.
Now  Chang Yi has made it his goal to hunt down Chun Yau and his bride  Yu Ti prompting the newlyweds to spend their lives together running from the gang leader.
But one day Chun Yau runs.
Who immediately challenges him to fight.
Chun Yau quickly dispatches  prompting Fatty to set himself up as Chun Yau s pupil.
Apparently Fatty has promised his ancestors.
He shall learn proper Kung Fu under the man who beats him.
However  Chun Yau and his wife are trying to keep a low profile.
They want nothing to do.
All he does is attract attention.
Fatty  meanwhile  ca nt help but wonder.
Such a great martial artist lives.
Chun Yau and his wife go to pay final respects to his ill-struck adopted father.
He finds himself surrounded.
Chun Yau enters his father s room.
They let.
Chun Yau speak as the old one expires.
Chang Yi appears to be mourning the death  but.
Soon as Chun Yau leaves his stepfather s room  Cheng Yi orders his men to attack his stepbrother.
Fatty arrives to help Chun Yau fight off the gang members.
But Chun Yau s wife can no longer handle the pressures on the run.
She begs Chang Yi to stop the violence.
She will leave Chun Yau and live.
She tells her husband.
She is sick and that she will stay with Chang Yi.
Chun Yau is shattered and leaves a broken man.
But Yu Ti really does not plan.
Yu Ti commits suicide.
Chang Yi calls off the price.
The death only serves to fuel the flames of hatred between these two men.
Chang Yi hires.
Martial arts assassins to deal.
A plan is composed.
Results. 
<EOS>
Aparna becomes a teacher.
Aparna meets a new student named Abhimanyu.
Whose father is a famous playwright  Yatheendran  a man whom she once loved.
His latest play was inspired.
Aparna treated Abhimanyu until a mysterious man named Jagadeesh Nair  soon Aparna learn.
Who reutrn.
Abhimanyu was son.
<EOS>
The Stooges are fish peddlers.
Who decide to cut out the middleman.
They then go.
Curly manages to swipe a navy captain s uniform.
Searching. 
Whose girl Curly decides to overly flirt.
The gents reconvene  and go about trading in their car and raising an additional $ 300 for a row boat.
Ends up being a lemon.
No sooner are the Stooges.
When their boat starts to sink.
They climb  and signal some passing planes for help.
Unfortunately  they signal using a white rag  making it resemble the flag of Japan.
The planes overhead turn out to be bombers  and promptly bomb the trio.
Who believe the Stooges are Japanese marines.
Amidst the bombing  Moe creates a makeshift motor out.
The trio make a mad dash out.
<EOS>
Set  Roy Rogers is working for a wealthy Spanish family.
One is secretly betraying the arrival of targets of opportunity to a group of Anglo American bandits but puts the blame on Roy.
The film has several unusual sequences.
There is only one mention made.
<EOS>
Upset  Spanky  Alfalfa  Buckwheat  and Porky decide to run away from home.
Taking a breather  the boys manage to cadge a meal from kindly storekeeper Mrs Jenks.
But  she passes this information along.
When she finds out that the kids are runaways.
Who jovially decides to teach the boys a lesson.
Pretending to arrest the four youngsters  Constable Jenks dresses them.
Them to work  figuring that after an hour or so they ll be glad to return home.
But an unanticipated swarm brings this little morality play to a sudden and painful conclusion for all concerned.
<EOS>
Christopher Chris Cross  a meek  amateur painter and cashier  J.
J.
Hogarth & Company  is feted  honoring him for twenty-five years of dull  repetitive service.
Hogarth presents him  then leaves getting into a car with a beautiful young blonde.
Walking home muses to an associate  I wonder.
What it s like to be loved.
He helps prostitute Kitty  an amoral fast-talking femme fatale  he sees being apparently being attacked.
Chris is unaware.
The attacker was Johnny  Kitty s brutish boyfriend  and sees her safely.
She accepts his offer for a cup of coffee at a nearby bar.
Kitty believes him to be a wealthy painter  adding  To think.
I took you.
Soon  Chris becomes enamored  a policeman drowned.
His loveless marriage is tormented.
Trying to save a woman.
Johnny convinces Kitty to pursue a relationship.
Chris confesses that he is married.
Order to extort money.
Kitty inveigles him to rent an apartment  one.
Can also be his art studio.
To finance an apartment  Chris steals $.
Meanwhile  Johnny unsuccessfully tries selling some  attracting the interest of art critic David Janeway.
Kitty is maneuvered into pretending.
She painted them  charming the critic.
Janeway promises to represent her.
Adele sees her husband s paintings and accuses him of copying her work.
Chris confronts Kitty.
Who claims she sold them because she needed the money.
He is so delighted.
His paintings are appreciated  albeit only  that he happily lets her become the public face of his art.
She becomes a huge commercial success.
Chris never receives any.
Adele s supposedly dead first husband  Higgins  suddenly appears.
He explains.
He had not drowned  but had stolen money.
Already suspected as corrupt  he had taken the opportunity to escape his crimes and his wife.
Chris embezzles again to pay off Higgins.
Reasons invalidated.
His marriage will be.
He confronts his wife.
He contrives a meeting and believes.
He can then marry Kitty.
However he finds her.
He later confronts Kitty  but still asks her to marry him  she taunts him.
Enraged  he murders Kitty with an.
Higgins   reveals the embezzlement to police.
Chris is fired.
Johnny is accused  convicted  and put for Kitty s murder  despite his attempts to implicate Chris.
All of their deceptions work against Johnny and Chris denies painting any of the pictures.
Chris goes unpunished.
Kitty is posthumously recognized.
Haunted  Chris attempts to hang himself.
He is impoverished and tormented by thoughts of Kitty and Johnny being together for eternity loving each other.
Rescued. 
<EOS>
A famous writer  Lee Jun-seop  returns.
Lee s illegitimate niece   has also returned home.
Who has been ostracized.
Various old family conflicts reassert themselves.
The funeral ceremonies take place.
A parallel children s story written by Lee is read by the illegitimate niece.
The story describes a grandmother.
Who gives her life force.
<EOS>
Corset company owner and independent-thinking suffragette Rose Gillray has her wagon struck.
This so-called automobile is the proud new possession.
Who tells her.
Rose is helping singer Molly Wade into a boldly designed new corset.
When she gets the idea.
The show is raided.
Rose owes money.
Whose steel business manufactures the metal used.
Jim takes a shine and offers her a chance to sell his surplus of barbed wire.
Is going out out west because it s gaining a reputation as life-threatening to livestock.
Ending up  a cattlemen s association convention seems a good place to try to sell her goods.
But cattle rancher.
Joel Kingdon gives her the runaround  attracted personally but warning her against peddling wire.
She tries his home state.
Once again  Joel interferes  putting the women temporarily and knocking Charlie cold.
Joel and Jim both end up.
Proposing marriage  but she rejects both.
Charlie  though  comes.
Where he s got another new notion that he wants to explore  machines that fly.
<EOS>
The film shows Rocco s childhood.
It flashes forward to his post career  leading up to his death in a 1969 plane crash.
<EOS>
An ex-outlaw is kidnapped and used  despite now being on the straight and narrow.
It is up to rescue him.
<EOS>
Negar has been kicked out by her mother.
She is left.
To spend the night walking around.
Where she meets three men who all have different stories.
One Night was screened.
<EOS>
The film s opening credits state.
The screenplay was written.
R.
Burnett and Frank Butler  and includes many Marine Corps and military advisers.
It also states.
The action at Wake Island has been recorded as accurately as possible.
However  the names are fictional.
Any similarity is not intended.
This is likely.
The actual events were unfolding.
Names were being protected.
The film begins.
Americans have been accustomed  but cites Valley Forge and The Lost Battalion as examples of times.
Where undermanned groups fought for America.
It adds.
Such a group was Marine Fighting Squadron 211 and the Wake Detachment of the First Defense Battalion  United States Marine Corps  The units which comprised the garrison at Wake Island.
A map is shown.
A new commanding officer has been assigned to Wake Island  Major Geoffrey Caton  USMC.
He is presented a personalized cigarette case at Pearl Harbor on his departure.
He gives her money.
She can have ice cream sodas while he is away.
Another Marine is shown saying goodbye.
He is deployed.
A military contractor  Mr McClosky  bids farewell.
He boards the Pan American Clipper  also bound.
Aboard the plane  the first clash and the brass hat Major Caton occurs.
When Caton suggests that McClosky needs a shave.
McClosky tells him.
He is a civilian  and does not take orders.
Two privates  Randall and Doyle  are lounging on the beach with a dog named Skipper  talking about life after the service.
Randall wants to be a hog farmer  and will be discharged.
They have a collection.
A new float appears  they argue  then fight over it  breaking it.
They begin to fight again.
They drop everything to run.
They begin to torment a Corporal.
Whose name happens to be Goebbels  but who is unrelated.
Randall hears and says The honeymoons over.
Caton is.
He disciplines them.
McClosky has a construction contract  and is driving his civilian crew to complete the contract on time.
There are numerous conflicts.
A Japanese special envoy arrives to Washington  D.
C.
That evening  a dinner is held  Franklin Delano Roosevelt  and Japanese Emperor Hirohito are both toasted.
The next day is December 7th .
Randall dresses preparing to board the Clipper to go home.
He is now discharged.
He is composing a telegram.
When the message comes in that the Japanese attack has occurred.
The island goes.
A pilot  Lieutenant Bruce Cameron  talks.
He prepares to board his fighter plane.
The mechanic states.
His wife was.
He should be glad.
He s not married.
Cameron states  My wife s.
The fighters take off.
Civilians are ordered.
McClosky comes in to complain  and is informed about the Pearl Harbor attack.
He is given the option to leave the island as soon.
The Clipper is cleared to fly.
Randall   is not sure.
Where to go.
He is sent with the unarmed civilians as enemy planes approach.
The Americans have only 4 fighters  expecting to hold 8 in reserve  against 24 Japanese bombers.
The Marines fire.
Marine flyers shoot down several Japanese planes  but sustain heavy damages.
The Pan American Clipper is not damaged and is cleared to fly.
Randall is searching for his dog  and is delaying takeoff.
He will get.
He is corralled and brought to Major Caton.
Where he is informed that he is no longer a civilian since hostilities started.
He should put his uniform back on and get.
McClosky has also decided to stay and cooperate by digging trenches and other shelters with his heavy equipment.
The Clipper leaves.
That night  Cameron  the pilot  is shown forging metal.
There are no spares.
Caton comes in to tell him.
His wife was killed.
Caton says.
They are now the same  men who have lost their wives.
There are.
Wherever bombs have been dropped.
The next day - Enemy ships approach.
The Marines camouflage all equipment.
Caton orders.
To hold their fire and close the distance.
The Japanese bombard the island.
Randall also mentions.
He now wants to raise chickens because hogs stink.
The Japanese signal the Americans asking.
Caton does not answer.
He asks Captain Lewis.
He knows.
He then reminds him.
You see the whites.
Caton waits  and effectively turns back the landing attempt  sinking several ships in the process.
Enemy ships have closed.
Pilot Lieutenant Cameron   spots a Japanese gunship 15 miles away  but is out of range of the island s weapons.
Can target the island.
He states.
He can take out that ship if his fighter is stripped down  carries only 15 gallons of fuel  and carries a double load of bombs.
Caton approves the mission.
Cameron is wounded after successfully bombing the ship  and lands the plane safely  but is dead.
When the plane is stopped.
That night  he is buried   reading from the Book of Job.
Japanese planes are shown bombing on 12 December 1941  identified as the sixth attack according to a field message being sent.
A fake newspaper headline shows Wake Marines Repel 8th Attack.
Another headline reads Wake Still Holds.
Caton talks and asks him.
He would like on a Navy patrol plane that is coming in  since he could give intelligence to the Navy Department in Honolulu.
Lewis initially refuses  but Caton orders.
Him to go and file his official report.
Caton also sends a personal letter.
Some time later  reports come  so he has smaller guns spread around  and repositions his available men.
The largest caliber ammunition is running out.
Some Marines are shown having a meal.
What they would be doing if they were back.
Randall is called away to see something special.
It s Skipper  the dog.
He was searching.
She s had puppies.
There s brief debate.
She is the only dog.
They remember a tanker that was there before.
The bugler then sounds general quarters.
Japanese planes approach  causing major damage and inflicting numerous casualties.
Only one pilot is left  Captain Patrick.
His plane is damaged.
He bails out  and is seen parachuting  but is killed while still in his harness before landing.
Corporal Goebbels goes to check on their ammunition supply  and is greeted with a Heil.
They immediately make up and continue the fight.
The Japanese again signal.
Caton replies.
The battle continues.
Losses mount.
Civilians are raiding the bar.
McClosky clears it  but not.
Caton sends orders to act independently  and fire to protect themselves from landing parties.
Communications fail.
Caton orders post with a written message.
McKluskey walks in  asking.
Caton hands him a helmet  a brass hat  and tells him.
He will find one.
They leave together and make their way.
Caton is manning the gun.
McKlusky spots a grenade.
Has been thrown.
He grabs it and throws it back out.
Is explodes.
Caton remarks.
McClosky has a good throwing arm.
McClosky claims.
He played football  Class of.
Caton states.
He played.
McClosky pulls the beers.
They toast the class.
The Japanese land and begin to overrun the American positions.
The main characters are all killed.
The film ends.
This is not the end.
<EOS>
Charlie B.
Barkin Itchiford the Dachshund.
The German Shepherd/Collie mix welcomes his friend Itchy.
The latter choked on a chicken drumstick.
However   Charlie reveals.
Itchy embraces paradise.
He has grown bored and wishes to return to Earth.
Carface  Charlie s old enemy  and a Pit Bull/Bulldog mix  is also.
He steals Gabriel s Horn.
However.
Falling  Carface loses the Horn.
He is sucked.
The dog angels are alerted by Annabelle  the head angel  meaning.
The Pearly Gates will not be open.
Annabelle sends Charlie and Itchy to San Francisco  California to locate and retrieve the Horn.
She gives them 1 miracle to use.
The two dogs discover.
They are ghosts  unable to interact or be seen.
The two go.
Where Charlie falls with a pretty Irish Setter named Sasha La Fleur.
Carface appears.
Charlie and Itchy gain some collars  but they will only work.
Charlie and Itchy will become ghosts again.
However  it is revealed.
Red is really a Hellcat planning to use the Horn to imprison and rule.
Charlie s collar will be used to manipulate him.
Charlie and Itchy meet Sasha and her adopted kid  a 8 year old lonely boy named David  making.
Who ran away because his stepmother and his dad are going to have a baby together.
David feel as if they do nt love him anymore.
He wishes to become a street performer.
Charlie agrees to assist David  much and Itchy s objections  leading David to believe.
Charlie is his guardian angel  a title which Charlie lovingly adopts.
The group spots the Horn being taken into a police station.
Charlie and his group retrieve the Horn  with Carface failing to steal it from them.
Charlie  however  starts to have second thoughts  and places the Horn in a tied-up lobster trap.
Kicking it gets to it.
The group goes.
A rainstorm and David tumbling.
The group takes shelter.
His stepmother is having a new child  so he ran away.
He would be forgotten.
His stepmother is actually worried along with his father.
Charlie promises to go back home.
Then confides.
He may have to break his promise since he must return with the Horn.
Sasha reveals feelings  but  Charlie s collar vanishes.
As they are about to kiss.
He and Itchy become ghosts again.
Determined to fulfill his promise  Charlie races to Red s place for a new collar.
Red manages to manipulate Charlie.
Charlie brings Red the Horn.
He then brings the horn.
Who plays it and sucks all.
It begins to sink.
Charlie  Itchy  Sasha and David fight Red grows to a giant size monster  with Charlie finally obtaining the Horn and playing it again to free the angels   and sending Red back to Hell.
Who return.
Carface reappears hoping to make amends as well as trying to downplay his involvement.
Red drags him as well  revealing to everyone.
Carface sold his soul in exchange for his collar.
He and Itchy return.
Charlie and Sasha profess their love.
Annabelle decides to send Charlie to live.
Itchy   decides to remain in heaven.
Charlie returns  meeting David and Sasha at David s family home  learning of his stepmother s love.
Where David is reunited.
He calls her Mom.
Asks to keep Charlie and Sasha.
Then Sasha asks Charlie.
He came back.
Charlie tells her.
He came back to be her husband much.
David works up some magic and presents.
As they are about to kiss.
Charlie and Sasha bowls with their names on it.
Charlie and Sasha then passionately kiss and join David and his family.
<EOS>
A young woman goes to stay.
Two murders lead to the arrival of detectives and cause the woman to fear for her life.
<EOS>
The story takes place.
Erasmo was left with a nurse by his parents.
Who had to escape a waging civil war.
Erasmo is now a grown man.
He has lost his parents.
Now his foster mother is brutally murdered.
He seeks to avenge her death.
The culprit is the landowner and head.
Erasmo befriends a poor Jew named Saul.
Who is prepared to help him.
Erasmo finds allies  adversaries  love  and then Magdalena.
<EOS>
A sweet young woman trying to get ahead gets in touch with her inner homicidal maniac in this dark comedy from filmmaker Tim Cox.
Sarah Jane McKinney has been working.
She s eager to earn better pay and more prestige.
<EOS>
Underworld attorney Leo Barnes hires Gus Monk to safeguard a valuable envelope containing information.
Monk refuses.
He meets Mrs Barnes and jumps.
<EOS>
A tough cop s seemingly frail mother comes to stay and progressively interferes in his life.
She buys him an illegal MAC-10 machine pistol and starts poking around.
Eventually  the film draws.
Even though she seems frail and weak she is capable.
E. 
Shoots him.
When her son is threatened.
<EOS>
The story takes place.
Three families represent three social classes  the Wilcoxes are wealthy capitalists  the class  the Schlegel sisters represent the enlightened bourgeoisie.
Is displacing the aristocracy.
The Basts are.
The film asks the question `.
Who will inherit England.
The younger sister  Helen Schlegel  rashly becomes engaged to the younger Wilcox son  Paul.
The next day both realise their mistake and break it off.
Helen has told her older sister.
Who tells her family.
Her Aunt Juley arrives and so makes the Wilcox family aware of the engagement.
Later   the sister  Margaret Schlegel  feels compelled to visit.
When the Wilcox family takes a house.
She befriends the mother  Ruth Wilcox.
Ruth is descended.
It is.
The Wilcoxes own Howards End  a house which she loves dearly and which is the symbol.
The two women become close friends.
Ruth sees.
Hearing  and knowing  Ruth bequeaths Howards End.
The lease is due to expire.
She is soon to die.
This causes great consternation.
Who refuse to believe that Ruth was.
The Wilcoxes burn the piece.
Ruth s bequest is written on  and decide to keep her will secret.
Henry Wilcox offers to help Margaret find a new place to live.
He knows that he has prevented the Schlegels.
The two become close.
Henry proposes.
Margaret accepts.
The Schlegels befriend a young  poor  yet intellectual clerk  Leonard Bast.
Wishing to improve his lot  they pass.
Leonard should leave his post because his company is heading.
Leonard does so  but finds himself.
The two plotlines converge.
Helen has found the Basts starving and brings them.
Jacky Bast becomes drunk  Margaret approaches her to find out.
Who she is.
Jacky recognises Henry.
It becomes clear.
Years previously he had had an affair.
Humiliated and suspicious  Henry breaks off the engagement  but that evening he and Margaret reconcile.
She forgives his sexual impropriety.
She insists.
Helen take the Basts away and refuses them help.
The Schlegel sisters drift apart.
Helen has a brief affair.
She becomes pregnant  and leaves the country  telling none.
She asks.
When Helen returns to take her possessions.
She can stay one night.
He insists.
When Henry Wilcox finds out that Helen is pregnant.
She can not stay  and that the man responsible must be found out and punished for dishonouring her.
Margaret and Henry argue bitterly.
Margaret says.
She is leaving Henry.
Margaret  Leonard and the oldest Wilcox son Charles all make their way separately.
The final tragedy unfolds  Charles attacks and inadvertently kills Leonard  and is arrested.
Henry s pride is shaken  his feelings break through.
He and Margaret become truly close.
Ultimately  Ruth Wilcox s wish is fulfilled  Henry leaves Howards End upon his death.
Helen is reconciled.
Helen will raise her son.
The final ownership of Howards End is a symbol of new class relations in England  the wealth of the new industrialists married to the politically reforming vision of liberalism.
Will benefit the children.
<EOS>
The movie opens.
One  Gilda believes.
Having children around is a bad idea.
PC says.
His mom used to say nothing warms up a home.
Dave arrives.
Dave has to go out.
Lalu is happy to have six pre-schoolers stay.
Sam and Lou  two gophers  report about the feelings.
The characters are experiencing.
Alvin does nt like.
Dave is gone.
Lalu explains.
She felt the same way when she was little.
They play the role and Captain Hook for a while.
Later  Lalu tells Gilda  Alvin and Brittany a story attacking a ship.
When Simon comes in all wet.
Simon explains.
The toilet exploded.
It was caused.
Lalu sees.
The toilet is filled.
Gilda tells PC.
He was supposed to be watching Theodore.
Theodore lies and said.
It was Gilda.
Lalu explains she made a mistake.
She was mad  but remembers that we all make mistakes sometimes  and tells Theodore of a time.
Theodore tells the truth.
Lalu congratulates him.
Brittany comes.
Lalu is readying Eleanor.
Jeanette stole and ate her lipstick.
Alvin and Simon try to steal a napping Theodore s teddy bear.
PC sings Rock-a-bye Chipmunk.
Lalu stops them.
Alvin explains.
He and Simon did nt have any toys to play  until Lalu opens a shelf full of stuffed animals.
Lalu explains to Jeanette -  it was nt hers.
Eating lipstick could be a problem.
Two  lipstick is nt good.
Jeanette decides to get Brittany another lipstick  but does nt have any money.
Lalu suggests.
Jeanette work.
She could earn enough money to do so.
Jeanette agrees.
Alvin comes.
Who is dressed.
Simon demands his cape back.
They get.
Lalu intervenes  and suggests that they figure out a way to take turns.
Suddenly  Jeanette comes in  dressed  saying  cleaning everyone s shoes  makes Lalu s bed  dusts off the furniture  scrubs the kitchen floor  helps Lalu with the groceries  and helps Lalu with baking muffins.
She was ready.
Jeanette evenutally makes enough money to buy Brittany a new lipstick.
Meanwhile  Simon turns.
He ultimately falls.
Afterwards  Alvin and Simon works.
That night  they get a call from Dave.
The children explain.
What they did that day.
Everyone falls asleep in Lalu s bed.
Next day  Alvin and Simon take some tin foil  saying.
It will change the face forever.
Brittany comes.
Theodore follows his brother.
Jeanette stole her oven.
Jeanette claims.
She borrowed it.
She explains  Brittany always says no.
Every time she asks.
A coin falls.
Jeanette leaves to clean up the mess.
She explains.
Tyler gave it to her.
Gilda comes in and says.
Tyler s mom called  saying that Tyler lost his coin.
Then Lalu explains to Brittany.
We sometimes take things that are nt ours really  really want them.
And also.
It is okay to be sad.
It is not okay to take things.
Are nt ours.
Brittany realizes.
Tyler is feeling bad  and has to give back his coin.
Meanwhile   Alvin and Simon have used the tin foil to build a spaceship  pretending to be aliens.
Lalu and Brittany go to return his coin.
Theodore wants in.
His brothers say no  hurting Theodore s feelings.
Feeling sad and angry  Theodore feels the need to hit Alvin.
Lalu explains.
Hitting someone is nt nice and that doing so can hurt somebody s feelings.
She shows Theodore something.
He can hit  a balloon.
Suddenly  Alvin comes and invites Theodore to play.
Brittany explains.
They prepare.
She feels much better.
Then Jeanette comes in.
Which Brittany invites Jeanette.
Meanwhile  Gilda tries to have Eleanor be a proper lady.
Simon dressed  chasing off Brittany and Jeanette.
Lalu  Brittany and Jeanette enjoy their tea party.
Then Alvin on his shoulders  dressed in tin foil as well surprise Lalu.
Who takes Eleanor as she runs away from the monster.
Sam and Lou also surprise Gilda.
That night  Lalu prepares Alvin  after having some fun with him.
Next day  Alvin  Brittany  Jeanette and Simon wake Lalu up to tell her.
She s.
But Lalu has to decline and take care.
Lalu decides to call the doctor.
The reason is.
She had to burp and now needs her diaper changed.
Seeing  Alvin becomes jealous.
How much time Lalu is spending.
Lalu talks  and shows.
Even though she had to help the baby  she still had plenty to go around  even for him.
They decide to have a special time together.
Whenever Eleanor has her nap.
Alvin can help.
Suddenly  Dave arrives  having finished his song.
The Chipmunks and the Chipettes offer to help practice.
<EOS>
The American Civil War is still raging.
Great Britain and France have yet to enter.
British troops have been stationed in Halifax  Nova Scotia  carefully checking European passengers disembarking from foreign ships.
The beautiful Adele Hugo  the second daughter  makes it through and takes a carriage into Halifax.
Traveling  Adele finds accommodations at a boarding house run by Mr and Mrs Saunders.
Adele finds a notary and inquires  Lieutenant Pinson.
Whom she s had a relationship.
Later that day Adele sees Pinson.
Adele asks him to deliver a letter -- a love letter announcing her arrival.
When she learns that Mr Saunders will be attending a military dinner which Pinson is likely to attend.
She talks Leopoldine Hugo.
Showing some old photographs.
Who died ago just after being married.
He tells her.
When Mr Saunders returns.
He gave Pinson her letter.
He did not reply.
That night Adele has nightmares.
The next day Adele writes.
She must be and that they are planning to marry.
She will wait.
She spends her evenings writing.
I ll be able to win him over  she writes.
Pinson arrives and tells Adele.
She must leave Halifax and stop following him.
Adele believes.
If they marry all his concerns will be resolved.
Pinson knows.
Her parents do not approve.
Adele tries to persuade.
Even offers him money  but he remains unmoved.
Adele continues writing in her journal  convinced.
She is Pinson s wife.
She tries to conjure the ghost to help her.
One night she follows Pinson.
Where she watches him make love.
Undeterred  Adele continues.
Her writing and her behavior becomes more eccentric.
Mr Whistler  the kind bookseller  shows an interest.
Who provides her.
She faints.
She leaves his book shop.
Mr Whistler visits her.
She refuses to see him.
Doctor Murdock visits and diagnoses a mild case.
He notices and informs Mrs Saunders.
One is addressed to Victor Hugo.
Adele s obsession grows stronger.
One day notifying them should be addressed.
She writes.
She has married Pinson and that on she.
Adele s famous father posts an announcement of the marriage in his local paper.
News of which makes its way back.
Victor Hugo writes back.
Pinson writes Victor Hugo explaining he will never marry Adele.
Adele responds with more fantasy  urging her parents to accept Pinson.
Learning Adele s true identity  Mr Whistler offers her a gift.
She responds.
She hires a prostitute.
She follows him.
Where she gets the idea that she can hypnotize Pinson.
Trapped  Adele begins to go mad with despair.
She goes.
He is married and that she is carrying his child  thereby ending Pinson s engagement.
Adele s condition deteriorates rapidly.
She wanders the streets.
Pinson is shipped out to Barbados.
A destitute Adele follows him.
Now married  Pinson learns.
Adele is.
Concerned  Pinson searches for her and finds her wandering the streets in rags.
Adele does not acknowledge or recognize him.
When he tries to confront her.
Helped  Adele returns to Paris.
Where the French Third Republic is now established.
Her famous father places her.
Where she will live.
Adele Hugo died at the age of.
<EOS>
Jannat Ki Talash is a film set.
When Pakistan was newly created.
Still some Muslims lived.
Whom thought.
The film beautifully scripted and is about a Pakistani girl Salma.
Whose life is changed  once living.
Shaan loves her.
Who was her cousin living.
Her brother is getting married.
Celebrations are  but Indians and sikhs come and wreck the wedding.
They brutally kill everyone  they take all the women and children.
Salma escapes.
All her initial family dead she wonders off on the streets of India  then she finds a Muslim group  going to Pakistan  she too follows them in hope to meet her outer and extended family to have a better life.
She shrunk.
She gives up.
Suad and his large group arrive out behind the long-distance trees.
Everything looks peaceful and fine.
They murder the innocent Muslims  even children with sticks of fire and swords.
They take the women and kill the older ones.
Suad finds Salma and lifts her with her hair and takes her.
She tries to commit suicide in order to protect her dignity and does not succeed.
He takes her and shows his father  Saud says no and says  but first wants to make her a Sikh.
Who declines and says to take her.
He wants marry the Muslim girl.
She pleads to go.
She wakes up.
Suad forces her to become a Sikh and marry him  she protests and declines.
Khusboo is also introduced  she loves Suad deeply.
Salma is used to the family of Indians  Suad s mother loses her temper with her  and slaps and slams her to the floor  Khushboo also had a slam at her.
Salma now says once again let me go to Pakistan  Khushboo drags her from her hair outside  Resham again protests for freedom  and touches Khushboo s heart.
Khushboo lets.
Her go.
She runs.
Suad finds her and chases after her.
Suad s father comes to protect her.
She eventually gets  her dream her paradise  but finds no better results   Resham escaped but again got trapped by four drunked people  she called them her Paksiatani brothers but they tried to rape her.
An older man tried to take advantage after calling her his sister.
Resham snatch one of their guns and in her defense killed the rappers.
Shaan finds out and stands up.
Where the film begun.
Resham tell the story.
What happen  as above and judge lets her off.
Shaan takes her.
<EOS>
The Pink Panther takes a nasty fall.
He endures a series of misadventures dealing with the hospital staff as well as a middle-aged roommate.
Who sadistically laughs.
<EOS>
Max Doyle is an.
Whose love of performing magic disappoints his father and draws ridicule.
Max hears voices.
Doing laundry.
He sees a hand come out.
Investigating the source.
A hidden tunnel happens to harbor the evil Phears and his cadre of ghosts.
Phears is intent but will be able to do so only on Halloween.
Later  Max finds.
The ghosts have suddenly come to occupy his room.
They explain.
They need his help.
They are able to interact.
They can not be seen.
This allows them to frighten a boy.
Who has been bullying Max.
Shortly thereafter  Tara and Nicky learn.
It was Phears who killed their parents and now holds the ghosts.
Tara is captured by Phears.
Max tells Nicky and suggests Nicky throw him into the basement tunnel to find her.
The same way people see no ghosts  ghosts can not see Max.
He retrieves a box.
Contains a ring to defeat the evil ghosts.
Phears prevents her.
Traci  a girl  becomes his assistant.
Max has been crushing on.
They perform.
It appears Max is actually moving them.
Phears finally breaks the tunnel wall and crashes the show.
There  Max chants.
The spell and Phears minions are sent back but Phears himself escapes in the form of a roach without anyone seeing him.
<EOS>
Former U.
S.
Army major  Paul Krenner  plans to conquer the world and will do anything to achieve that goal.
Julian  Krenner forces Dr Peter Ulof to perfect the invisibility machine.
Ulof invented.
He keeps Ulof s daughter  Maria imprisoned to keep Ulof.
The nuclear materials Ulof needs.
His invisibility machine are extremely rare and kept in government facilities.
Krenner arranges the prison break  to steal the materials.
He needs.
Faust will do the jobs.
Invisible. 
Krenner offers Faust money.
Faust expresses his grievances.
Faust tells him.
He ll sing if he s returned to prison.
Krenner tells Faust.
He s wanted alive or dead.
Faust reluctantly complies.
However   he slowly charms her.
When he meets Faust s woman  Laura Matson.
Faust continues attempting to escape and tries to get one over.
It looks.
He may have the edge when Faust attacks Krenner while invisible.
However  Dr Ulof s guinea pig dies and  he s invisible  Faust uncontrollably reverts from invisible to visible and back again.
Faust forges ahead intent on breaking free from Krenner s control.
<EOS>
The film begins.
Two counselors are murdered by an unseen assailant.
They sneak away to have sex.
The camp is being.
The film jumps  June.
Annie  one  is hitchhiking to Crystal Lake and is given a lift by a friendly truck driver  Enos  after asking for directions at a local diner.
Who will be a counselor.
She is warned and is also warned by Enos.
The camp is cursed.
Who tells her  among other strange happenings.
Annie dismisses the warnings to Crystal Lake  later being picked up by an unseen driver in a Jeep.
When she leaves and continues.
Annie becomes concerned and leaps.
The driver speeds past the entrance.
When the driver fails to stop.
The unseen driver chases her and slits her throat with a hunting knife.
Meanwhile  several other counselors have been hired to help Steve  including Alice  Bill  Marcie  Jack  Brenda and Ned.
The counselors begin refurbishing and renovating the camp.
Steve heads off to get supplies.
Ned follows a figure wearing a black rain slicker.
He sees disappearing and is never seen alive again.
Meanwhile  a thunderstorm forces Jack and Marcie to take refuge and have sex  unaware.
Ned s corpse rests.
Marcie then leaves.
Jack stays and smokes a marijuana joint.
The unseen figure shoves an arrow from under the bed  then murders Marcie in the bathroom with a hatchet to her head.
Meanwhile  Steve s Jeep gets stuck.
He is escorted back by a police officer.
Steve is murdered by the same attacker.
Steve appears to know the person.
Brenda is murdered while walking back to her cabin after hearing a child-like voice calling Help me.
Hearing her scream  Bill and Alice go to investigate but only find a bloody axe.
Ned s truck wo nt start  Bill leaves to check the generator.
Afterwards  Alice becomes worried   she finds his corpse pinned.
When Bill does not return.
Looking. 
Brenda s roped corpse is hurled through the window  forcing Alice to run back outside only to meet a middle-aged woman.
Who identified herself.
Mrs Voorhees tells Alice Jason.
Alice begins to tell Mrs Voorhees.
Who had drowned before.
Blaming camp counselors  Mrs Voorhees charges with a hunting knife.
Who were not watching her son.
Alice realizes.
Mrs Voorhees is the killer.
A lengthy chase ensues.
Which Alice appears to subdue Mrs Voorhees several times and finds the dead bodies in the process.
Facing off  Alice manages to finally defeat Mrs Voorhees  decapitating her with a machete.
Alice climbs and floats onto the lake.
Mrs Voorhees dead.
The next morning  Alice wakes to find police officers.
However   the decayed corpse  Mrs Voorhees s son  leaps up from the surface and pulls Alice underwater.
Alice continues to float.
Suddenly  Alice awakes having been a nightmare.
Alice asks.
Alice replies  Then he s still there.
When the officer explains that no child was found.
As the last scene shows the lake.
<EOS>
Alby Sherman is a Jewish man.
Whose father dies when he was young.
He and his mother run a candy store.
Alby dreams.
Is very expensive.
Finding the perfect location  a restaurant  he asks his wealthy Uncle Benjamin to lend him the money.
Whose owner is moving.
His uncle imposes an odious blackmail  Alby will have the money and get married to a nice Jewish girl.
If he leaves his shikse Catholic girlfriend.
<EOS>
Hoping to entertain the military troops stationed  Mr Wills organizes the gang into a junior USO troupe.
The gang participates in a brace of production numbers  slickly choreographed by Bud Murray.
<EOS>
Sikkal Shanmuga Sundaram is a devoted Nadeswaram player.
He meets Mohanambal a Bharatnatyam dancer.
They both fall.
However Sundaram s ego prevents him to move further.
When she challenges him to play a Thillana while she will dance for it.
Mohana s mother  an influential and mercenary woman wants her daughter to marry a rich man.
That she can be richly settled.
But Mohana does not obey her mother.
Who is.
This creates a rift.
Sundaram does not understand.
Mohana loves him.
Not knowing  he decides to leave the country along.
She has a great devotion and love.
Whom he considers his sister.
But Mohana provokes him  saying.
He is a coward and not confident.
Hence he has decided to go away.
But Mohana s intention is to stop him and make him drop his decision so.
She can prove her love and as expected Sundaram accepts the challenge and stays.
Sundaram plays the Thillana and Mohana dances for it.
There was neither defeat nor success for both.
Sundaram crowns Mohana Thillana Mohanambal.
Both Sundaram and Mohana come close.
Sundaram is stabbed by a man.
Who is.
Sundaram is admitted and is cured after serious treatment.
Both meet in a program in Thamizhisai Sangam much against Mohana s mother s wishes.
Days pass.
Vaithy a cunning man befriends the Maharaja.
Who is the Chief guest.
Vaithy traps her saying.
Sundaram has accepted to come and so  Mohana immediately accepts the offer.
Both groups visit Madhanpur.
Vaithy ill-treats Sundaram s group badly.
Sundaram decides to leave the place.
He sees Mohana visiting the Maharaja s room and mistakes her.
The Maharaja compels Mohana to be his mistress.
Mohana does not accept it.
Mohana is rescued.
When he threatens her due to her refusal.
Sundaram decides.
Mohana does not love him.
Depressed  Mohana runs away.
But the Maharaja reveals the truth.
Although he had compelled Mohana to be his mistress  she refused as she loved Sundaram.
Sundaram realises his mistake and rushes to apologize.
But he sees her attempting suicide.
He screams to stop and promises.
He will never doubt her love again.
Mohana s mother also promises her.
She will unite her.
Sundaram breaks open the door and saves Mohana.
Both Sundaram and Mohana get happily married.
Vaithy is arrested.
This film was taken.
<EOS>
Rathnakumar the chief protagonist  even.
He woos and wins the hand.
A skeleton  hurls a giant rock on the ground.
Diamonds  rubies and emeralds pop out.
Getting  he gets addicted to vices.
Make him ill-treat his wife and then desert her.
He proceeds to fall and impresses her under false pretences.
He gets his comeuppance  his dubious past revealed and is imprisoned.
Thereupon his conscience awakes  he is filled at the thought of his patient wife.
Rathnakumar is an ordinary man.
<EOS>
It tells the story of Max Stuart  a young aboriginal man.
Who was sentenced after being found guilty of the murder of a nine year old girl on what was considered questionable evidence.
It follows the fight.
David OSullivan and Helen Devaney to save Stuart  as well as Crown Prosecutor  Roderic Chamberlain s efforts to convict Stuart.
Rohan Rivett editor also feature as leading the public response in the campaign to save Stuart.
Max Stuart appeared as himself as an older man  driving along a dirt highway near Alice Springs  and saying  Yeah  some people think.
Where he now lives.
I m guilty.
Some people think.
I m not.
Some people think.
Elvis is still alive.
Most think.
He s dead and gone.
<EOS>
The film tells the story.
<EOS>
The young Danish saboteur Michael sits in a Gestapo jail and awaits his execution.
His thoughts go back.
Led. 
Michael and his comrades wait for a British airdrop of weapons and explosives to use for the resistance.
Afterward   Michael is surprised.
He shoots his way out and is able to slip free.
A car driven by a German Field Officer stops.
Michael overpowers the officer and shoots him.
Dressed  Michael is able to reach Copenhagen and find his girlfriend Ruth at the hotel.
Where she lives.
Toto  the leader  is waiting for him.
They are planning to sabotage a weapons factory.
However  there is suspicion  so the plan is delayed.
There is an informant.
One  Dreyer  is arrested  so Ruth and Michael flee to her uncle s summer house.
Ruth is frightened.
She says   then everything is meaningless - then I m not a person anymore.
You die.
The meadows are nt green anymore -- they are colored the red.
Plans are completed.
The group goes.
But it is revealed.
There has been an informant  when the group is surprised.
Michael is wounded.
However  he is able to blow up the factory.
He is captured.
Back  the prison guard Steinz.
Who hates the war and the Nazis  tries to help Michael  but is unable to prevent his torture.
Michal is able to resist.
He is condemned.
Through Steinz gets a message  The apple is rotten.
A trap is set.
Prikken reveal himself.
There is no other way but to kill him.
It is not difficult to find members.
Who will do it.
Steinz tells Michael -- Steinz s entire family was killed that week.
Being driven.
He has received a message.
Michael asks Steinz to escape.
Steinz declines and shoots himself.
Michael flees and seeks refuge.
Where he is able to contact Toto.
Both Michael and Ruth find transport.
Where they can finally rest.
<EOS>
The hero is a Moslem woman Atossa  played by Taies Farzan.
Who starts the whole story based to her brother.
Daryush Shokof suggested.
He specifically wanted to show the important role and how he admires their courage and honesty.
Therefore he wanted to glorify the essence.
Where such a characteristic has always been a most admirable quality owned.
He also added.
It was important to have a Moslem woman taking charge and initiate a lovable relationship to a man rather than the other way around which is usually the standard cliche for all macho driven films coming from Iran  where a Moslem man gets the girl regardless of her ethnicity and origin.
Another major factor is simply to show.
He adds.
How absolutely unimportant the role should be in our times and in 2011  without any disrepect to any religion and that religions should never play a role in affairs of human beings with one another.
Atossa is from the start the unlikely hero of a society.
Whose women showed great courage and bravery in.
Atossa sets forward to seek a goal but continues to go.
Is a taboo  and equally so in the faith of Judaism.
Because she gave her word.
However  the story goes far.
Atossa arrives and starts asking everyone for the address to the grave of Hitler.
She is dressed and is mostly being treated unfairly by everyone she comes across to ask the question.
She soon comes.
She is perhaps  asking the right question from the wrong people at a very wrong timing and being the wrongest person to ask the question at all for she is an Iranian in addition to being a woman under chador.
She goes and even gets into physical confrontations with all sorts of people in the society from the foreigners living in Berlin  to home grown Nazis each and every time.
She asks where the grave is until she finally gets a hint and shows her the Synegouge building in the city and suggests she ask the Grand Rabbi for the whereabouts of the grave in town.
Atossa  meets the Rabbi  played.
The Rabbi takes her and convinces her of the site being the right location to look for the grave.
He cleverly indicates.
If she truly looks  then she might as well assume the whole area and or perhaps the whole Germany to be the grave of Hitler  and that she does not have to look for mysterious answers and assume further speculations to continue with her mission.
Atossa is now overjoyed  convinced  and most happy to have found the answer and is positively motivated again to continue her mission.
Order to deliver the second promise.
She arrives to rest a while  turns on the T.
V.
Screen and is shocked to see the shooting death during the protests on the streets of Tehran.
The horrifying pictures takes her by storm.
She decidedly and leaves the hotel and starts a run for freedom alongside the rivers in the city and finally comes to stand on top of the bridge.
Where she is.
She takes charge.
She commits an act to set herself free.
If deciding to control her own fate on and start a whole daring  courageous and peaceful new life.
Has governed her life style.
Her first step is to rid herself from the mandatory Veil around her head.
She finally throws the Veil down and starts a Mona Lisa smile.
Should also help start a whole new dimension.
Atossa starts her new life  walks the streets in a new mood and sees the forbidden corners of the city as.
Where naked pictures are open for public view behind the windows of porno shops and finally enters a disco club.
She now drinks.
Shots impressively and even gets annoyed by some young dancers on the dance floor and is finally rescued and brought back home by the hotel manager who has an eye for her from the first look.
The two are to dine later and talk in things and eventually in each other.
However  soon the wonderful dinner date turns bitter.
Lars  played  proposes to her too early at the dinner table.
The detective Karlsson is always.
Who is commissioned to watch.
He finally is the witness.
This is also the scene.
Were we find out the hilariously surprising nature.
The final picture ends gloriously with the Rabbi looking at Atossa and Lars and blessing them from afar.
<EOS>
French revolutionary Maximilien Robespierre produced the world s first defense of state terror - claiming.
The road lay through political violence.
This film combines drama  archive and documentary interviews to examine Robespierre s year - the powerful state machine at the heart of Revolutionary France.
Contesting Robespierre s legacy is Slavoj zizek   and Simon Schama.
Who argues that terror is justifiable.
Who believes the road ran straight to the gulag and the 20th-century concentration camp.
The drama  based  follows the life-and-death politics of the Committee during Year Two of the new Republic.
It was a year  the thought crime  the belief  the notion  the use to enforce morals  and the use of denunciation as a political tool.
Gave birth.
Calculated acts can perfect humanity.
The interests can be placed above those of man.
<EOS>
Dhanush belongs and is irresponsible and untrustworthy.
Chaya Singh is and is an ambitious and career-oriented girl.
Dhanush and Chaya Singh meet up.
One day  Dhanush follows her.
She is so bugged.
She fails to notice a vehicle ahead.
She ends up having an accident.
He cautions her.
Dhanush admits her.
Chaya Singh holds him responsible.
Both are at loggerheads and bicker constantly.
Dhanush leaves.
Order to prove himself.
Meanwhile  Chaya Singh gets a job and moves into the same apartment complex as Dhanush.
The rest follows Dhanush s progress and deals with relationship between Dhanush and Chaya Singh and.
Whether or not their attitude changed.
Chaya Singh falls with Dhanush.
He acts to hate her.
Something happens.
They both end up loving each other.
Dhanush got back together.
<EOS>
The film is.
The husband works and must travel often for work.
His wallet is taken.
When returning.
His wife goes.
Where a man tries.
His attempt is stopped.
Who robbed the husband.
The two criminals become rivals.
A shootout ensues.
The husband gets caught and recognizes one of the men as the gangster.
Who took his money.
The husband sneaks his wallet back.
The gangster goes to safety.
Policemen track the gangster down.
The wife gives him a false alibi.
<EOS>
The film revolves  desperate to have a biological child.
The couple host a party to celebrate Holi.
The plot deals.
<EOS>
A satellite detects a mysterious heat bloom beneath Bouvetoya  an island about one thousand miles north of Antarctica.
Wealthy industrialist Charles Bishop Weyland assembles a team to investigate the heat source and claim it for his multinational communications company  Weyland Industries.
The team includes archaeologists  linguistic experts  drillers  mercenaries  and a guide named Alexa Woods.
It blasts a shaft towards the source of the heat bloom.
A Predator ship reaches Earth s orbit.
They find the shaft and descend.
When the humans arrive.
They discover a mysterious pyramid and begin to explore it  finding evidence.
What appears to be a sacrificial chamber filled with ruptured rib cages.
Meanwhile  three Predators land and kill the humans  making their way down to the pyramid and arriving just as the team unwittingly powers up the structure.
An Alien queen awakes and begins to produce eggs.
Which facehuggers hatch and attach.
Chestbursters emerge and quickly grow into adult Aliens.
Conflicts erupt  resulting in several deaths.
Unbeknownst  a Predator is implanted with an Alien embryo.
The explorers learn.
The Predators have been visiting Earth.
It was they.
Who taught early human civilizations how to build pyramids  and were worshipped.
Every 100 years they would visit Earth to take part.
Which several humans would sacrifice themselves  creating the ultimate prey for the Predators to hunt.
The Predators would activate their self-destruct weapons to eliminate the Aliens and themselves.
Overwhelmed. 
The explorers deduce.
This is why the current Predators are  and that the heat bloom was to attract humans for the purpose of making new Aliens to hunt.
The remaining humans decide.
The Predators must be allowed to succeed so that the Aliens do not reach the surface.
Are killed  leaving only Alexa and a single Predator to fight.
The battle continues most.
The two form an alliance and use the Predator s self-destruct device to destroy the pyramid and the remaining Aliens.
Alexa and the Predator reach the surface.
Where they battle the escaped Alien queen.
They defeat the queen.
The Predator  however  dies.
A Predator ship uncloaks and several Predators appear.
They collect their fallen comrade and present Alexa in recognition of her skill as a warrior.
A chestburster erupts.
They retreat.
It appears to be an Alien/Predator hybrid.
<EOS>
Marvin Lucas  a political election specialist  must find a Democratic candidate to unseat California U.
S.
Senator Crocker Jarmon  a popular Republican.
Lucas seeks out Bill McKay  the idealistic  charismatic son of former governor John J.
McKay.
Lucas gives McKay a proposition  Jarmon can not lose and   McKay is free saying.
The race is already decided.
What he wants.
McKay accepts to have the chance to spread his values  and hits the trail.
McKay cruises to the nomination on his name alone.
Lucas then has distressing news   McKay will be defeated by an overwhelming margin.
McKay counted  so he broadens his message to appeal to more voters.
McKay campaigns  his message growing more generic each day.
This approach lifts him.
He has a new problem   the media speculates.
McKay s father has stayed out.
His silence is an endorsement.
McKay begrudgingly meets his father and tells him the problem.
The elder McKay tells the media.
He is simply honoring his son s wishes to stay out.
McKay continues to gain.
He is only nine points down.
Jarmon then proposes a debate.
McKay agrees to give tailored answers.
McKay has a pang and blurts out.
As the debate is ending.
The debate addressed no real issues.
Lucas is furious.
This will hurt the campaign.
The media try to confront McKay backstage  but arrive   the story becomes the reemergence of the former governor to help his son.
His father congratulates him.
The positive story  coupled  further closes the polling gap.
Day  McKay wins.
He escapes the victory party and pulls Lucas into a room.
Throngs clamor outside.
McKay asks Lucas  Marvin.
What do we do now.
<EOS>
Trailer trash rockers Lenny and Ponce have vowed revenge.
Who have heisted Ponce s cool invention  the Garbage Juicer.
The dimwits call on Tucker a whipped wussy  endlessly obsessing over his slutty sweetheart Libby.
But alas  Tucker s love is lost.
Libby is.
Meanwhile  campus nincompoop Ralph has flunked and found.
Himself grounded by his father And just when you thought the plot could nt be any more contrived  the triteness increases as Lenny and Rut Ru up the ante  culminating in cameos by Jimmy Pop and Jared Hasselhoff of the Bloodhound Gang  Don Vito  Rake Yohn  Compton Ass Terry  The Dudesons  Phil Margera  April Margera  Brandon Novak  Gina Lynn  Jess Margera  Chad I.
<EOS>
Rocky Balboa and his trainer Tony Duke Evers are after the Drago fight.
Tony praises Rocky.
Rocky  seen to be  asks Tony to summon his wife Adrian.
His hands are shaking.
He can not make them stop.
He mistakenly calls out for Mick  the name of his deceased former trainer  Mickey Goldmill.
Rocky returns home and is greeted by his son  Robert.
A promoter named.
Rocky decides  at least for the time being  not to take the fight with Cane.
Rocky  Adrian and Paulie return home to find.
Paulie had unknowingly signed a ` power  over to Balboa s accountant  who had  in turn  squandered all of Rocky s money on bad business deals.
Now bankrupt  Rocky decides to take the fight.
Having suffered significant brain damage  he can no longer fight without further risking his health and officially retires.
Rocky is then forced to move back.
Where he and his family must try to start their lives all over again.
The only thing is Mickey s gym.
Rocky does nt lose.
Mickey had willed.
Rocky then begins training boxers  Adrian gets her old job back at the pet store across the street.
Paulie goes back.
Things start to look up.
When Rocky meets a hungry young fighter and takes him under his wing.
Training the young fighter gives Rocky a sense.
Tommy fights his way up the ladder to become a top contender.
Rocky eventually becomes.
Distracted that he winds up neglecting Robert who becomes withdrawn and angry.
He falls.
He begins acting out at home.
Meanwhile  Tommy s impressive rise catches the eye of Duke.
Who uses the promise.
Duke pulls up.
Who has now been deceived.
Tommy drives off  leaving Rocky for good.
When Rocky tries to convince him otherwise.
Rocky s frustrations finally boil over.
When Adrian attempts to comfort him.
He confesses.
His life had meaning again when he was able to live vicariously.
She reasons  telling him he could never learn.
Tommy never had his heart and spirit - something.
Rocky embraces his wife.
When this realization hits him.
They begin to pick up the pieces.
Rocky apologizes to his son.
They mend their broken relationship.
Tommy wins the heavyweight title  but is booed by spectators and hounded by reporters after the fight.
They insist.
Cane was nothing  because Cane did nt win the title from Balboa.
Therefore  the public would never consider Tommy the real champion.
He fights a worthy opponent.
Duke convinces Tommy.
He needs to fight Rocky man.
Duke and Tommy show up.
But  Rocky challenges Tommy.
Tommy hits Paulie.
Tommy accepts.
Rocky is eventually beaten down and is seemingly out for the count.
The fight goes on.
He then hears the voice  to go just one more round.
Rocky gets back up and  utilizing his vast street fighting knowledge  is able to knock out his former protege.
Afterwards  Duke commends Rocky  trying to appeal.
Duke threatens to sue.
Rocky touches him.
Rocky punches Duke in the gut anyway  knocking him onto the hood of a car.
The crowd cheers shrugs and quips Sue me for what.
The film ends.
<EOS>
A young man suddenly finds himself falling hopelessly in love with her.
The only problem is that  clad  he has only seen her hands.
She is.
The remaining part explains.
He finds her.
Over-discreet questioning and misunderstandings lead.
<EOS>
Who has gone off.
Bernardo s father is dead.
The boy and his uncle have not had much to do until now.
Originally  the boy was to stay.
Six weeks have passed.
His nephew s presence forces Pedro to take a break.
Pedro was beginning to tire of the superficial nature of his many relationships.
Even his boyfriend  Manuel   is not really.
Who suddenly pays Pedro a visit and who shares his penchant.
The man with whom he wants to spend the rest.
They express love.
Then  all  an entirely different set of problems crops up.
There s Dona Teresa  Bernardo s paternal grandmother.
Who one day darkens Pedro s door and puts the emotional screws.
Worse still  however  is the news.
Bernardo s mother has been arrested.
She may be facing a prison sentence  so the embassy informs Pedro.
Pedro is just as shocked  nevertheless  he realizes.
He is now responsible.
He decides to rise to the challenge.
This represents.
There suddenly seem to be so many things to organize.
Finding a school.
Pedro hardly misses the life he used to lead.
Gradually  however  he succeeds - albeit in a less excessive form.
Then Dona Teresa puts.
But Pedro is ready to fight.
Who obtains pictures on a night out in a gay club.
Bernardo reveals.
When his grandmother goes to visit him later.
He already knew  and that his mother was HIV positive as well.
She then reveals.
He is.
He then tells her.
He hates her and that it s her fault that he s currently  because he was nt there to care for him.
Three years pass.
Several letters go back and forth.
We then see Bernardo and two  a boy and girl  at a funeral  and a casket being lowered.
It is not immediately revealed whose funeral this is.
A cab pulls up with Pedro inside  out of the hospital and healthy.
He expresses lament.
Bernardo returns to his two friends  kisses both  and parts from them  leaving the viewer to wonder.
Whether or not he s romantically involved.
Bernardo then returns.
They ride away together.
<EOS>
Felix  a young gay man  living in Dieppe  is currently unemployed and HIV positive.
He discovers.
Cleaning out the apartment.
The father he never knew is living.
Felix decides to hitchhike south to meet him  promising to see his lover Daniel there five days later.
Carrying only a small bag  his HIV medication and a rainbow kite  Felix takes to the road.
He witnesses a racist attack and is beaten up.
He is unable  however  to bring himself to report it.
Later  Felix encounters a series.
Who form an alternative family  a young gay man studying art  who Felix teaches to draw  a lone old widow  who shelters him in her house  a handsome railroad worker  with whom he has a brief sexual encounter  a mother of three children by three different fathers  and a kind  middle aged fisherman.
He gradually constructs a sort and new understandings of life through this odyssey  no matter.
He calls each.
Whether he actually meets his true father.
Felix is haunted.
He witnessed.
Which he learns  the victim died.
Stopping  he sees the police arresting the murderer.
Felix decides not to see his father and goes with his lover.
When he arrives.
<EOS>
Aurore Gagnon  born to Marie-Anne Caron and Telesphore Gagnon  is the second child of the couple.
Aurore enjoys a happy life.
Then   Aurore s mother develops tuberculosis.
She is brought.
Several months and doctors conclude she will never recover.
Plans are made to give custody to Telesphore and his late wife s cousin  Marie-Anne  with.
Whom he had fallen.
She goes.
This alerts her.
Marie-Anne might not treat Telesphore s children well.
Aurore sees her father kissing Marie-Anne  the girl criticizes her father for not caring enough about his ill wife.
Aurore s mother dies.
Telesphore and Marie-Anne marry immediately.
This is the start.
Her stepmother and father begin at once to mistreat her.
Some villagers blame her.
When two die.
The situation soon becomes worse.
He asks her a question about religion.
She tells him to lower his voice.
Immediately  Telesphore and Marie-Anne are notified.
The mistreatment becomes more and more brutal.
Marie-Anne carries out most  striking her feet with a 2X4 with nails  and burning her with a burning steel hook.
Her father also abuses her.
She is also locked.
Oreus  the peace judge of the town  forces her parents to send Aurore to hospital and suspects.
She has been beaten.
She immediately alerts Oreus.
When Exilda Lemay  discovers Aurore all over her body.
Oreus goes to discuss the issue with a crown attorney.
It is too late  she collapsed and was attacked again by Marie-Anne with a.
When the peace judge and several others   arrive at Aurore s home.
Doctors are unable to save Aurore.
Who passes away.
The couple is arrested for Aurore s death.
Telesphore is sentenced in prison for manslaughter.
His cousin and wife Marie-Anne is initially sentenced by hanging for second degree murder.
She is then given a life sentence  but health issues force her to leave the jail.
She later dies.
Father Leduc   kills himself.
Whom Oreus blames on the case.
<EOS>
The action takes place.
The main character  Marcin Borowicz began his education in the cleric.
There  he meets.
Is initially unaware.
It is summer 1884  Marcin Borowicz travels.
Joseph seem.
He gets.
Martin has difficulty adapting.
<EOS>
Raghupathi  Raghava and Rajaram are brothers.
Raghupathi is the only bread winner.
Raghava is preparing.
Rajaram is unemployed.
Rajaram and his four friends are a gang and are searching daily.
They roam till.
Rajaram comes home and sleeps till afternoon  his grand mother scolds him for his irresponsibility and carelessness.
One day Rajaram makes Kanya Kumari to leave the house  Subsequently she changed her place.
She is not paying the rent.
Rajaram goes to jail for money.
His brother requires money as he wants to go for IAS preparation.
Ekambaram kills Raghupathi.
His brother is.
Rajarams  friends know.
He died.
Rajaram thinks.
His brother s death was an accident.
Raghava became an IAS officer  and married Sumalatha.
She hates his family members.
Kanya Kumari loves Rajaram and his family members.
Meanwhile Rajaram comes to know.
Who was responsible.
Even his friends were also murdered at that time.
The film ends.
<EOS>
Caleb Jax begins sleepwalking around Manhattan.
Told  he encounters a number of strangers and meets a psychiatrist.
He will die if he does nt find his soul.
He used to know who may be able to help him.
<EOS>
Sean Fallon - a corrupt cop - will have to face his own demons to put an end to a series of brutal rapes and murders of the most weirdest kind.
Fallon will go the hunt for the serial killer.
May in the end not be human.
<EOS>
Ivy Stevens is a cafe entertainer.
Who deserts her.
She is saved by Carl  a Salvation Army officer.
Encouraged  Ivy joins the Salvation Army.
Ivy finds.
When her old flame re-enters her life.
She is still atttracted and begins another affair.
Carl steps in and urges Ivy to resume her life.
Ivy realizes.
If she continues the affair  her life will only spiral downward.
She drops the affair and resumes her commitment.
<EOS>
Ten years have passed with a man claiming to be Jesus Christ.
Her 19 year old daughter  Sarah   begins to think her mother has gone completely insane  herself.
Who is heading.
She is beginning to lose her faith.
Beginning to wonder  Sarah strikes up an unlikely friendship.
Her mother should be committed.
Who shares her dislike.
However   the stranger turns the conversation into a fascinating journey into her troubled life and ultimately  spirituality itself.
She begins to discover.
Who she is and why belief is so important.
She also wonders she speaks.
She has misjudged her mother and the stranger.
<EOS>
Asiemut chronicles the 8000 km journey.
Riding their bicycles and pedaling traveled from Mongolia to Kolkata  at the mouth of the Ganges in India  passing through Xinjiang  the Taklamakan Desert  Tibet and Nepal.
They discover the world.
They discover themselves.
Who are they.
<EOS>
Tum is a secretary working.
When the company is forced to shed staff.
He uses the Kau Cim to determine.
The boss could not bear to select which staff.
Who must leave.
Tum draws one and is laid off.
Back  she finds.
The elevator is out  and is somewhat bothered by a young man who is a little too helpful.
She is nonetheless accommodating and friendly.
Once alone  though  she envisions all kinds  including drinking household cleaning chemicals or blowing her head off with a handgun.
Her luck changes.
When she discovers an instant noodle box.
It is filled.
Apparently it s been left there  so flips upside down  making.
The number is missing a nail.
It appear she lives.
A couple of thugs from a Muay Thai camp ask her.
She has seen the box.
They force their way  only to be killed  accidentally.
Tum decides to get rid  get a plane ticket  obtain a fake passport and visa  take the noodle box with her and go spend the rest of her life somewhere else.
But the gangster  Kanjit  happens to be the very guy.
Who makes fake passports.
She must stay away.
More men sent appears at Tum s apartment.
Where one quickly hid when she returned home.
A young policeman   suddenly calls and discovers the bodies.
Who is the lover.
The hidden man attracts the policeman s attention.
When he cocks his gun.
The subsequent firefight kills them both.
Pen comes to visit  believing.
Tum tries to hide the two bodies.
The policeman was still.
Another man arrives to seek out the missing men  and mistakenly thought.
He has killed the policeman into the cop s body which was hidden behind a door.
Pen and other neighbours spies through the keyhole and mistakenly believe.
Tum tried to clean up the mess and hide the cop s body later.
She was having an affair.
Pen contemplates to figure out  and ends up speculating the worst about her.
What Tum is doing.
Also  there s Tum s friend  Jim.
Who s distraught.
Tum takes Jim to get her passport.
Jim accidentally gets caught.
Jim  now dead  has been compromised.
Tum makes off.
Tum remembers the reference.
Therefore dumps the money  escaping.
<EOS>
Tony Fitzjohn has just come to work  a lion preserve  for two elderly brothers  George and Terrence Adamson.
Fitzjohn goes against George s advice and is nearly mauled by a lion.
Being informed  he writes the whole place off and decides to leave.
This is how the last person to fill his position came to be killed.
He soon discovers his life s true calling.
Years pass.
Kora s lions are being picked off by one with bullets and poison.
The elephants and rhinos are being poached.
The Adamson brothers are expending all in protecting the wildlife but can hardly compete.
Fitzjohn observes A ranger may make 800 shillings a month.
A poacher will pay him 10000 just to turn his back.
The odds seem to be insurmountable.
The poachers pile in.
The animal death toll rises.
The local government decides that it does nt really want a wildlife preserve at all.
<EOS>
The film is set.
Who are usually ignored.
The protagonist is a disabled beggar and also a small-time moneylender.
Who lives.
A drunkard  he spends most.
He has an eye.
Who lives nearby  though she detests him.
Latha  an asthmatic  works.
Another woman Vasanthi too lives.
Who is and who keeps causing endless trouble to her and her children.
Finally  desperation forces Chakrapani and Latha to unite and raise their voice.
Chakrapani ends up.
The story reaches its climax.
When the government takes steps to get rid in order to go on with developmental activities.
The slum-dwellers find.
They have nowhere to go.
A JCB arrives as a union with Chakrapani in the forefront.
But their pleas fall.
<EOS>
Catholics and Protestant Huguenots are fighting over political control of France   and his mother  Catherine de  Medici  a scheming power player.
Is ruled.
Catherine decides to make an overture by offering up her daughter Margot in marriage to Henri de Bourbon  a prominent Huguenot and King of Navarre.
She also schemes to bring.
Bartholomew s Day Massacre.
When thousands are slaughtered.
The marriage goes forward.
Who does not love Henri.
Murders follow  as court intrigues multiply and Queen Catherine s villainous plotting to place her son.
The Duke threatens the lives of La Mole  Margot and Henri of Navarre.
A book is intended for Henri but instead causes the slow  agonizing death of King Charles.
Henri escapes and sends La Mole to fetch Margot.
Guise apprehends him.
La Mole is beheaded.
Margot can save him.
King Charles finally dies.
Margot escapes carrying La Mole s embalmed head is proclaimed King of France as Henry III.
<EOS>
Yeter s Death Retired widower  Yeter ozturk.
Ali Aksu  a Turkish immigrant living  believes he has found a solution to his loneliness when he meets a Turkish prostitute.
He offers her a monthly payment to stop working and move in with him.
She decides to accept his offer.
Ali s son Nejat  a professor  does not have time to respond to the prospect of living with a woman of easy virtue.
Ali is stricken.
He softens  he learns.
She sends shoes and wishes that her daughter receive an education like his.
Ali suspects.
The other two may have become lovers.
He strikes.
When his drunken demands make her threaten to leave.
Her and she dies.
Ali is sent.
Nejat travels to search for Yeter s daughter  Ayten  and assume responsibility for her education.
Unable to locate her  he posts flyers of Yeter throughout the area in the hopes.
It will lead.
He finds.
When he posts a flyer.
Himself charmed.
Lotte s Death A plainclothes officer loses his gun.
A hooded figure scoops it up and is pursued by a battalion of uniformed officers  barely managing to hide the contraband on a random rooftop.
This is Ayten  a member.
She flees Turkey and takes up a new identity.
When her cell is raided.
However  even there  she has a falling out  and thus finds herself.
When she is unable to pay her debts.
Her mother s number is lost  so she lives illegally and searches in local shoe shops.
Lotte  a university student  offers to help her to stay -- a gesture.
Is not particularly welcomed.
Ayten and Lotte become.
Lovers and Lotte decides to help Ayten search.
The quest is cut short.
When a traffic stop exposes Ayten s illegal status.
She attempts a claim.
Germany rules.
Ayten has no legitimate fear.
She s deported and immediately imprisoned.
Lotte is devastated.
She travels to try to free Ayten  but quickly realizes.
Little hope there is  as she is facing 15 to 20 years.
Susanne pleads to think of her future and return home.
Her mother refuses to assist her further.
When Lotte refuses.
Lotte gravitates and ends up renting a spare room from him.
Finally granted a prison visit  Lotte follows her imprisoned lover s request and retrieves the handgun Ayten grabbed in the riot.
But Lotte s bag   is snatched by a crew of boys.
She then chases.
One is inspecting the gun.
When finally she finds them.
She demands he return it.
He points it and fires  killing her instantly.
The Edge.
Upon his release  Ali is.
Susanne goes to Istanbul to see.
Where her daughter had been living the past few months.
She meets Nejat and reads her daughter s diary  she decides to take.
Susanne s visit -- an offer of forgiveness and support -- leads the younger woman to exercise her right of repentance.
She wins her freedom.
Susanne asks Nejat behind a Bayram  learning.
They notice.
It commemorates Ibrahim s sacrifice.
She comments.
There is the same story.
Nejat reminisces.
He would sacrifice him if God told him.
Nejat tells her.
When asked what his father s answer was.
His father said He would make in order to protect me.
Nejat removes the poster from the shop s noticeboard.
He asks Susanne to look  and drives to Trabzon.
He is gone.
Where his father is living.
Susanne offers Ayten a place to stay at Nejat s house.
His father is  so he waits for him on the beach.
When Nejat arrives.
<EOS>
Two young girls  Margaret and Lisa  are set to take the overnight train in Germany to stay with Lisa s parents in Italy for Christmas.
They find.
The train is full and are forced to sit.
Meanwhile  two petty criminals  Blackie and Curly  also board the train.
It is leaving Munich to escape.
Wandering down the train looking kicks the two thugs come across Margaret and Lisa.
Who help them hide.
Blackie then encounters an upper-class blonde older woman.
Who he makes to molest only for her to aggressively seduce him instead.
The girls become increasingly wary and make their way further down the train to escape them.
Curly gets.
Arriving the train is stopped and searched following a.
There was a bomb.
The girls decide to try and call Lisa s parents to tell them but ca nt get through.
Meanwhile her parents are preparing for Christmas and hosting a dinner party for their friends.
Where Lisa s father  a doctor  decries the growing violence.
Back the girls decide to board a different train.
Will take them directly.
They find it is old.
Finding a compartment they settle down for their trip  happy to have seats at last  and begin to eat a packed lunch by candlelight.
The girls are alarmed to discover.
The train travels.
The three soon force their way.
Stealing the food  Blackie and the blonde then engage.
Taunting the girls.
Curly is acting strangely and disappears to shoot up heroin.
Returning  he catches Margaret.
As she attempts to escape the compartment only.
Strung out and enraged  Curly beats Margaret then  egged on by Blackie and the blonde  forces Lisa to masturbate him.
Now completely manipulating the situation  the blonde spots another passenger  a peeping tom.
Who is watching them.
Grabbing the man  the two thugs force him.
He escapes down the train.
When they are distracted.
Continuing encourages Curly to rape Lisa.
He is unable to break her hymen.
Events are heading the blonde holds.
Blackie is now becoming concerned.
Encouraging Curly to cut her to help him.
The blonde enthusiastically grabs the knife and forces it deeper causing her to hemorrhage and killing her.
The previously catatonic Margaret makes a break for it and manages to lock herself in the toilet.
The blonde orders the two thugs to bring her back.
Now frantic  Margaret climbs out and flings herself from the train in an attempt to escape only to be killed in the fall.
Angry the blonde gets the others to throw Lisa s body out of the window followed by their luggage  stealing their tickets and some other items in the process.
Blackie blames the blonde and punches and kicks her.
Angry at what has happened.
Arriving  Lisa s parents are alarmed.
When they do nt arrive.
The stationmaster tells them  so the doctor and his wife elect to return home and await news.
Their train had been delayed.
Agrees to treat the blonde s injuries back.
They are leaving they come.
Waiting the couple feed the two thugs.
Gulio treats the blonde.
Lisa s mother becomes suspicious.
When she spies Curly is wearing a tie exactly.
The trio continue to act suspiciously.
Gulio elects to take them back and goes to fetch the car.
They had murdered.
He hears a radio report naming his daughter as a body that had been found by the train track before spying the blonde who is trying to escape having realised they are at the house of one of the girls.
Grabbing the blonde  Gulio tries to strangle her.
She convinces him and had threatened to do the same.
The two thugs had killed the girls.
Believing the woman  Gulio leaves her before heading off to find the others.
He discovers Curly injecting some heroin and grabs the younger man forcing the needle further into his arm  overdosing him.
He had found.
The doctor then repeatedly beats Curly.
Spying Blackie trying to flee  he grabs a shotgun and pursues him.
Curly manages to crawl and tries to grab the blonde.
For her to kick him.
Gulio wounds Blackie before shooting him at point blank range.
The blonde woman s fate remains uncertain.
The police arrive.
<EOS>
Criminals Hazari and Murari rob the Police Commissioner s home.
Chetta Singh steal the car belonging.
Meanwhile  AD elopes.
They all end up.
Each group is.
Is a suitcase filled with Durjan s loot.
They group disguises themselves using fake police uniforms  and arrives in Madhavgarh village just in time to stop Loha Singh from committing a crime.
Believing them to be real law officials  the town s residents host a congratulatory feast.
The group settles.
The Black Cobra tracks them down and plots their capture and death.
<EOS>
The film depicts Harry Faversham  a sensitive child.
Who is terrified relating tales of cowardice that often ended in suicide.
Young Harry follows his father s wishes.
The North Surreys are given orders to deploy to the Sudan Campaign to join General Kitchener s forces to avenge General Gordon s death at Khartoum.
Harry resigns his commission.
Where he is given four feathers from his three fellow officers and his fiancee  the daughter of his father s friend General Burroughs.
Unable to live  Harry contacts a sympathetic friend of his father s  Dr Sutton  to obtain his help and contacts to join the campaign in the Sudan.
Meeting Dr Sutton s friend Dr Harraz  Harry is disguised as a member of a tribe.
Had their tongues cut out by the supporters of the Mahdi.
The tribe is identified.
Harry undergoes as well as dyeing his skin colour.
The extreme disguise is done to disguise the fact.
He can not speak Arabic or any other native language.
Harry follows his old company.
Who have been sent independently to the enemy.
His former comrade and romantic rival Captain Durrance loses his helmet.
He is unable to retrieve it or move.
The hours forced to look destroy the nerves of his eyes  making him blind.
Harry warns the company.
He is knocked unconscious.
His company is wiped out.
Harry plays mute to take him to British lines  then enters Omdurman to find his old friends.
<EOS>
A jeep-driving gang torment half-Japanese men and try to sell the members of a female gang as prostitutes to a group of foreigners.
<EOS>
An Australian Western set perhaps a century ago.
Richard Connor is a desperate young man  trying to find the money to return home.
He is mistaken for his long-lost son  Dennis.
Staying. 
Whom McGuire had abandoned as a child  a deed for which he now deeply blames himself.
Later that night  Connor attempts to rob John Gamble  but  he is talked into assisting him in robbing the establishment.
He finds him equally broke.
Which the owner is shot.
Connor and Gamble make off  stopping at the boarding house to get Connor s gear  whereupon McGuire  still drunk  pursues his son down the street.
He collapses.
They find  and decide to pose as his business partners to get on the boat and away to hide out with him in the Outback.
The next day  the now sober McGuire does not remember anything  and is.
He finds he has the  500 they claimed to have paid him.
They subtly drop hints.
Connor may be his lost son.
Arriving  they are both smitten by his daughter Dell  but held in some suspicion by the local trooper Len.
Who has been Dell s local beau.
Gamble does his best to scotch a budding attraction.
It will spoil the plan to pass him off.
Biding their time both to develop their plan and hide out  they end up helping the station get back on its feet  rescuing stray cattle  heading off a stampede  and culminating in a daring repair of an out-of-control windmill during a windstorm.
McGuire is finally convinced.
Connor is his son.
Seeing the romantic interest in him  tells her his conclusion.
Overhearing her despair  Connor feels.
He must confess.
Gamble sees.
Their plan fail.
Having confessed not only to not be Dennis  but to be wanted  Connor and Gamble flee the station  with trooper Len in hot pursuit.
Gamble is about to shoot him.
When he catches up.
When Connor pulls the gun away.
The two partners now have a vicious bullwhip fight.
Gamble retrieves the gun and shoots.
Len fatally shoots Gamble.
Len then takes Connor back the McGuire station.
Where he recovers  being promised clemency for saving Len s life  and with the promise of a future with Dell.
<EOS>
Coined one  Boris Lehman acts in  directs  produces  and distributes his films  single-handedly incarnating the essence of a creator.
Who manages to survive.
Offer their understanding of a man for a reason to live.
Whom life is a reason.
<EOS>
Ethan Morgan is a geeky freshman  not trusted to stay home alone with his little sister Jane.
They hire Erica  a girl.
Who is a huge fan  as a babysitter.
However  Erica comes on the night  and decides to attend a party.
She is to babysit.
Jesse is throwing instead.
Sarah ends up at Ethan s house and tells Ethan s parents.
She was asked to babysit instead.
Ethan has a vision.
When touching Sarah  and notices she has no reflection  leaving him suspicious of her.
He confides this.
Sarah leaves to get Erica back  knowing.
The party is full.
Curious  the boys have Benny s grandmother watch.
They follow Sarah.
They see her feed and realize.
She is a vampire.
Sarah quickly explains.
She is only a fledgling  a vampire who has not drunk human blood.
The three return home.
Where they are attacked.
The vampire is subdued.
They head.
However  Erica has been bitten and later bites Rory.
Ethan  Benny  and Sarah then battle the vampires and escape.
The next day  Rory  now a full vampire  informs Ethan and Benny.
Jesse s gang are going so Ethan  Benny and Sarah follow them.
Ethan has a vision  and a mysterious box.
Which he sees a gravestone  whose dates unscramble.
Is then uncovered.
The box is called the Cubile Animus or Nest.
Ethan and Sarah figure out Jesse s full plan  learning.
There was a priest named Reverend Horace Black that led an evil vampire cult.
The townspeople burned the cult members  leading during a lunar eclipse.
Ethan sees  and plans to use the box to trap the souls of teens going to see a movie premiere to resurrect the souls of his ancient cult during the lunar eclipse occurring on that same night.
Jesse is Horace Black.
Benny s grandmother   gives Ethan  Benny and Sarah enchanted daggers and a spellbook to defeat the vampires.
Who reveals that she is an Earth Priestess.
She explains.
Ethan sees visions because he is a Seer  which enables him to see visions  and that Benny is a spellmaster  allowing him to cast spells.
The vampires begin to steal the souls of the teens  but are thwarted by Ethan  Benny and Sarah.
Jesse escapes and Ethan and Benny follow.
Ethan sees the tree.
He saw  realizing it s the tree in his backyard  where they find Jesse.
Jesse attempts to hold Ethan and Benny down and resurrect the souls.
The eclipse begins.
He already obtained.
Sarah intervenes.
He releases the vengeful souls.
When the box lands.
Were captured.
They destroy Jesse.
The next day  Ethan  Benny and Sarah head  meeting Erica and Rory.
Who have decided to live peacefully.
<EOS>
The film has been completed.
The film speaks.
<EOS>
Deep underwater.
The Atlantis logo appears.
The Neptune Carrier runs.
Captain Ace Speedman announces.
They will dock.
A fish scientist named.
Dr Jeff Fisher or Fish wants to get praise by looking for a fake species.
Samantha Rhodes is a professor.
Who wants to enjoy the love.
They all meet up.
Who is lazy.
Then a giant crab comes and throws the ship down.
They all escape and stop.
They all go and see the recycled pieces of Lego.
They build the machines.
Are used.
The back doors open.
They all head out to look to find Atlantis.
They see Manta Warriors and fight them off only.
Lance makes a fake dummy and throws it.
He eats it and blows off.
They find the 2 keys.
They go.
Fish gets a crystal but escapes.
Then a giant squid grabs them but gets tangled.
Sam gets the crystal.
Captain Ace finds one but gets hit by a Manta Warrior.
He nabs his eye patch and his key.
Then Ace leaves.
The crew looks.
They find him.
Where he has his eye-patch and key.
He gives Sam the key and the doors open.
Fish gasps.
Millions run out and attack them.
They use a trident to scare them away.
Then they see the last crystal but Sam thinks.
Atlantis was just fake.
She was nt that smart.
Ace encourages her to move on.
She does.
They pull out the keys and place them.
Fish notices.
There is one missing.
Then the last key appears.
They place it.
Sam turns it.
It makes two sharks to come from statues.
They chase.
They get all their power to build a rocket to get over the portal.
They run.
The screen fades out.
They appear to be.
Then Fish  Sam  Ace and Lance look out.
They become heroes.
<EOS>
The film is inspired.
Occurred three months in the Iraq War.
Iraqi men  women and children were killed in Haditha  a city in the western Iraq province of Al Anbar.
At least 15 were noncombatant civilians.
All are alleged to have been killed.
However  charges have been dropped against all the Marines involved  even Sgt Wuterich.
Who was the Marine on the ground on that day.
MILITARY  Haditha Marine acquitted The names have been changed in the film.
<EOS>
Film is talking.
Who spend their free time.
Aleks is camping together with his friends.
Staresina  the scouting leader is taking everything too serious and that cause a lot.
And boys are a lot more interested.
The movie was filmed.
<EOS>
Judy Benjamin is an American woman.
Who joins the U.
S.
Army dies on their wedding night during sex.
Duped.
Who lets her believe military life to be more glamorous than it is.
Judy wants to quit but chooses to stick it out  and has a series of adventures.
Eventually lead.
Judy meets Henri Tremont  a dashing French doctor.
However  their romance is.
When he returns to her army career.
Later Judy manages to be assigned to SHAPE.
She meets up again.
He proposes marriage  she accepts.
Judy is forced to choose.
When Captain Lewis  her boot camp officer  discovers that Tremont is a communist.
Judy discovers Henri s controlling side.
She chooses Henri.
When he tries to ` remake  her  and when forced to sign a prenuptial agreement.
Then   she realizes.
When she finds out Henri is still madly with an old flame and has cheated on her with their maid.
She is capable.
She walks out at the altar to go and live her own life.
<EOS>
The Kurdish boys Azad and Tigris are brothers.
Tigris can not speak anymore.
They are sent  the parents plan to come soon afterwards.
The boys travel and are accompanied by another family until Sweden.
They get stuck there and have to live.
Azad is good and gets the opportunity to travel to Germany for a competition.
However  he has no passport.
Therefore he borrows the passport  and changes his appearance to look like the picture  he puts in blue lenses and dyes his hair blonde.
Tigris is smuggled in a suitcase.
The latter is distracted.
When he is about to be discovered.
They can move on.
Azad wins the competition and is reunited with his parents.
<EOS>
The plot is centered in the city of Karlovac in 1992  during the Croatian War of Independence.
The front lines   lie.
Where Croatian and Serbian forces fight each other.
Meanwhile   a Serbian civilian Vasic is murdered.
The story follows the local police officer Barbir.
Who tries to solve the murder nearby.
The film s screenplay is based The Alabaster Sheep.
Was. 
<EOS>
Marion  her adoptive mother  gives her earrings  not the mobile phone.
She wanted.
They argue.
April leaves.
Claiming chooses to play truant.
She has a phone and is going.
Marion hears.
April has not arrived.
She talks.
Who unsuccessfully tries to dissuade her.
April visits the home.
Who cared as a baby.
Pat remembers April and gives her a newspaper cutting telling the story as a baby in a dustbin behind a pizza parlour.
A young April is seen living with Janet and Daniel Johnson.
The Johnsons  relationship is an abusive one  leading.
Meanwhile  Marion goes.
Where she talks  and realises that they were lied to.
April then leaves Pat s home  and travels alone.
Marion continues  and  in a shopping centre  meets Elliot.
Who has joined her.
April then visits.
The now abandoned Sunnyholme Children s Home  where she lived when she was younger.
An eight-year old April lives at the Sunnyholme.
Cared  April befriends.
An older girl called Gina and is introduced.
Pearl behaves  but actually bullies April.
Gina wakes April one night to involve her  and  later  Pearl attacks April  holding her head under water  and then tears up April s beloved paper dolls.
April confronts Pearl.
Who she pushes down a flight  and is reprimanded by Mo.
A voice-over says  and  eventually  April is also moved on.
Gina was then moved on.
The flashback jumps forward at Fairdale Residential School.
She befriends Poppy.
Who has Asperger syndrome.
Marion buys a mobile phone for April.
Back  April is being taught by Miss Bean.
A piece leads to the pair fighting.
April tries to escape the school to find Gina  but is caught by Marion.
Who sends her back.
Marion reads.
April s records  and  having learnt  apologises for the family tree incident.
Banned  April is instead taken to the stately home by Marion.
A present-day Marion goes alone  to find.
There are no messages.
The younger Marion introduces April to Elliot.
They continue to visit the home.
The present-day Marion goes  and looks in April s box.
Contains mementos.
The younger April and Marion walk.
Marion tells April.
She is leaving Fairdale.
April becomes angry  thinking.
Marion   is now going to leave her life.
Marion invites April to move in.
She accepts.
April s first concern is to have somewhere to put her box.
When shown.
The present April considers returning  but realises.
There is another place she wants to visit.
It occurs.
Where April will be going.
She drives away.
April goes  and stands among the bins.
Where she was found.
Marion opens.
April s mobile and rings Reno s  the pizza parlour.
April then notices a phone number.
Marion asks.
April dials the number she found.
It is not her mother  the pizza boy.
Who answers  as she hoped  but Frankie.
Who found her.
She meets Frankie.
Marion arrives.
April explains.
Who Frankie is.
Marion gives April her new phone.
The three sit down together.
A voice-over says.
Though she will probably never know her real mother  she has a mother.
This is just the beginning.
<EOS>
Geraldine ejects Joe and insists he go out on the streets to make some money for her girlfriend s abortion.
The film begins.
This leads with clients  including an artist  played by Maurice Bradell  Louis Waldon as a gymnast  and John Christian.
Who wishes to draw Joe.
Scenes filmed show Joe spending time with other hustlers   and teaching the tricks of the trade to the new hustler  played by Barry Brown.
Of which is played.
The film includes a scene.
Flesh concludes with Geraldine Smith and Patti DArbanville.
The women strip Joe and begin to get intimate.
Joe gets bored and falls asleep.
<EOS>
The documentary follows the heavy metal scene  with particular emphasis on the glam metal.
Spheeris explores the more famous musicians.
She then explores unknown bands.
The film also features interviews.
A.
S.
P.
And more.
Serious issues are tackled  as well as vanity issues like celebrity and sales.
The film is well known featuring rock star excess.
The scenes include  Chris Holmes.
A.
S.
P.
Is interviewed beside his mother while extremely intoxicated.
He stumbles  and pours a bottle of vodka both in his mouth and on his head.
It was later claimed the bottle.
Holmes poured was actually water.
The unsigned band Odin explains.
They want to be more famous and expects to become millionaires.
An interview.
Who organised a ` sexy rock and roll  dance contest  which was presented as being sleazy and sexist.
Discussions  and groupies in particular  are treated badly in the metal scene.
Riki Rachtman and Taime Downe  then owners.
A.
Discuss. 
Girls get entry faster if they dress ` sleazy.
Paul Stanley is interviewed in a bed.
Surrounded to toe with girls.
Steven Tyler talks about spending millions of dollars on drugs.
He spills orange juice.
Ozzy Osbourne cooks eggs.
This was later claimed to have been faked.
Spheeris also interviews him.
Which Ozzy replies  It fucking sucks.
An interview from Motorhead.
He claims.
Spheeris interviewed him  possibly in an attempt to make him look stupid.
Candid and sobering interviews  abuse and dying from overdoses.
Lastly  Spheeris takes her cameras to film the nightlife in 1980s Los Angeles.
<EOS>
Country singers are headed.
Their car breaks down.
They stop overnight.
Turns out to be haunted.
A ring.
Who live.
They carry out their activities.
It is never revealed.
Comes complete.
<EOS>
The film opens.
When two Russian soldiers knock.
The second scene  referring back  opens with a newspaper headline exclaiming.
Paylin endorses Russian penetration.
The intern attempts to teach Serra.
To correctly pronounce the word absolutely.
Serra comedically renders as You betcha.
The intern declares.
What a fucking air head.
The scene ends.
The fourth scene opens  showing her falling into a fitful sleep  and segues into a dream sequence.
The scene finishes  returning to a Paylin continuing to toss and turn in her sleep.
Young Serra listens and actively participates.
Focuses. 
Young Serra asks the professor.
He knows to protect her from witchcraft.
The sixth and final scene opens.
Paylin avoids answering the adultery question.
The film closes a trois featuring Serra  Hilly  and Condi.
<EOS>
Christopher Robin writes out a letter to Santa Claus for him and his friends in the Hundred Acre Wood  asking for the following presents  Rabbit wants a new fly swatter to use against the bugs Tigger wants a snowshoe Christopher Robin wants a sled big enough for me and maybe a friend or two Piglet said.
Who constantly invade his garden Eeyore wants an umbrella to prevent snow.
He can bounce.
Santa Claus could bring whatever he wanted.
He sends the letter off.
The next day  Winnie the Pooh realizes.
Piglet informs him  that he did not ask himself  so they go find the letter  which has not gotten very far.
Afterwards  they  along  go to Rabbit s house and rewrite the letter to include.
What Pooh wants.
Though  they become greedy and start upgrading their desires.
Tigger  Eeyore  and Rabbit go off to get a tree big enough for the stuff.
We re gettin.
Pooh and Piglet go back to the point.
Where Christopher Robin sent the letter and cast it off again.
But the wind shifts southward.
The letter follows Pooh all the way.
Knowing  Pooh takes it.
The rest will not get their presents as a result of this.
The gifts are delivered.
Disguised  Pooh sneaks out and delivers Tigger  Rabbit  and Eeyore a super-bouncer barrel  a bug sprayer  and a mobile home  respectively - or rather  handmade versions of said items.
Break apart.
Demanding to know  the three corner Santa.
What is going on.
Who insists that he is who he claims to be.
But then  Piglet slips and makes his sled fall downhill  thus loosening Pooh s disguise.
What happened.
He does not get far  though   so he gives up and goes back.
The wind suddenly takes the letter.
Though  they are happy to have him back.
After he tells them that he failed.
They have realized what Christmas is really about.
Afterwards  Christopher Robin shows up and brings them the gifts.
They had originally asked.
Everyone is happy.
But he gets very happy.
<EOS>
The film is presented   this summary is a linear version of the events of the film.
It jumps.
Tom Hansen meets Summer Finn  the new assistant to his boss.
Tom trained but works as a writer at a greeting card company in Los Angeles.
Tom s friend and co-worker McKenzie reveals.
Tom is attracted.
Summer and Tom grow closer  despite Summer s telling Tom.
She does not believe  and does not want a boyfriend.
Tom shows Summer his favorite spot.
Overlooks a number.
The view is spoiled.
Tom gets into a fight with a man.
Who flirts.
They have their first argument.
Summer and Tom end their relationship.
They see The Graduate  a film which Tom thinks shows true love.
Tom does not take the breakup well.
Tom s friends call his younger sister  Rachel  to calm him down.
Summer quits her job.
Tom s boss moves him.
His depression is not suitable.
Months later   they dance.
Summer and Tom attend the wedding.
Summer catches the bouquet.
They sit next on the trip home.
Summer invites Tom.
He attends the party  but leaves.
When he sees that Summer is wearing an engagement ring.
Tom enters a deep depression  only leaving his apartment.
He returns to work with a hangover and after an emotional outburst  quits his job.
He decides to rededicate himself  makes a list of firms  and begins to attend interviews.
Summer sees Tom at his favorite spot in the city.
They talk.
Tom states his lack.
Summer explains.
He was right and that she discovered in someone else all the feelings she had never been sure about with Tom.
Summer holds Tom s hand.
She says.
She is glad to see Tom is doing well.
He really hopes.
She leaves Tom tells her.
She is happy.
Twelve days later   he attends a job interview and meets a girl.
Who is also applying.
They talk.
Tom learns.
She shares his favorite spot and dislike.
He makes a date to have coffee with her afterwards.
He asks her name.
She replies Autumn.
<EOS>
Johnny Goodlittle  an aspiring detective  enters an abandoned sanitorium while investigating a disappearance.
Here  he discovers.
Ziska  a renegade mad doctor  has taken.
Now Ziska has captured Betty  Johnny s romantic interest  to use.
John Bowman  a wealthy farmer  is kidnapped one night.
Two mysterious men lure his car.
Constable Russ Mason forms a search party.
When the wreckage is discovered the next day.
Amos and Johnny work.
They are both with Betty Watson  the storeowner s daughter.
Attempting to woo Betty  Amos invites her.
Meanwhile  Johnny has followed a mysterious stranger.
The strange man has lured Amos  car and kidnapped the couple.
Johnny accidentally enters a hidden tunnel.
All three end up.
Once inside  they are greeted.
Who introduces Rigo  Caliban  and Daffy Dan  his patients.
Ziska explains.
He took control after it had closed.
They are captured and sent to a dungeon   both kidnapped by Ziska and his cronies.
Wherein Johnny finds Dr Edwards and John Bowman.
Dr Edwards tells.
Johnny were once his patients at the sanitarium.
Ziska had been a great surgeon.
Who went mad and began to perform unorthodox operations.
He now intends to perform experiments  to discover the secret of eternal life.
Amos and Johnny are captured and brought.
Where Betty lies fastened.
Amos is strapped and connected to Betty through a transducer.
Will exchange their souls.
Johnny eludes Ziska s henchmen and escapes  sending up flares.
Are seen.
Having escaped  Johnny masquerades and begins to assist the doctor.
He frees Betty and Amos and straps Ziska.
Caliban appears and  mistaking the figure  activates the transducer  removing Ziska s soul from his body.
There is no soul to complete the exchange.
There is no one.
He is rendered lifeless.
Realising his mistake  Caliban is distracted.
Johnny captures him.
The policemen enter the laboratory to find.
Johnny has successfully apprehended the madmen and located the missing persons.
This is enough to gain him respect  and to win Betty s heart and hand.
<EOS>
Madame Pica is running a show for all to see.
He  the unnamed hero  is there night only to see Jo Jo  the trapeze artist.
One night  he steals the keys of the cell  freeing her.
Where Jo Jo is imprisoned.
The two escape and start to dance a romantic waltz.
But soon the two lovers are discovered.
They jump of the highest window in the tower.
Jo Jo  due  holds the hand of her hero.
But   the two lose.
He falls.
He lies.
Jo Jo  blown  is safe.
Was plucked out.
The rain fell.
What was once shocking no longer amused.
The cavernous halls stood almost empty.
Blaming Jo Jo.
Madame Pica is despairing.
She becomes aware.
He  the unnamed hero  has become a real monster  but that he is still alive.
The unnamed hero is taken.
The two lovers are finally reunited.
They are waltzing their love again.
<EOS>
An old bald man named.
Alderson awakens and is bewildered to find himself.
Opening some  he finds passages to rooms.
Are identical.
He enters one room and   is sliced to pieces by a wire grid.
Five people - Quentin  Worth  Holloway  Rennes and Leaven - meet.
None know.
Where they are  how they got there  or why.
Quentin informs them  assuming  Rennes tests each.
Some cubes contain traps.
They are triggered.
Leaven notices numbers inscribed.
Quentin  a policeman  recognizes the Wren.
Rennes enters but is sprayed by acid.
Eats and kills him.
Quentin believes.
Each person has a reason.
He is a police officer  Leaven is a mathematics student  Holloway a doctor and conspiracy theorist.
Who thinks the military industrial complex is responsible.
The surly Worth declines to talk.
Leaven theorizes.
Any room marked is a trap.
They then find a mentally challenged man named Kazan.
Whom Holloway insists they bring along.
Quentin enters a supposedly safe room and is nearly killed  disproving Leaven s theory.
Tensions rise  becoming irritated by Holloway s paranoia and liberalism  Kazan s childlike mentality  and Worth s reticence.
He baits Worth.
He then admits.
He knows  as he designed the Cube s outher shell.
Worth insists.
He knows nothing.
He believes.
Its purpose has been lost and that they are only there because not using it would mean admitting the Cube was a waste.
His knowledge allows Leaven to determine.
There are 26 rooms.
She guesses.
The numbers indicate the Cartesian coordinates.
The group starts moving.
They arrive close  but find.
Each neighbouring room is trapped.
They decide to make their way silently through a blue colored room.
Whose trap is.
The others manage to pass  but  Kazan makes a noise.
When Quentin goes up.
He is almost impaled  storming and almost beating Kazan up.
They arrive and find a wide  unlit gap between it and the outer shell.
Holloway swings out to investigate  using a rope made  but nearly falls  she climbs up and grabs Quentin s arm.
When the Cube suddenly shakes.
He drops her  telling the others.
She slipped  now dellusioned and paranoid.
Quentin tries to persuade Leaven to abandon the others and come.
They rest.
He quickly becomes aggressive.
Quentin beats him and then throws him.
When Worth intervenes.
Worth laughs hysterically -- Rennes  corpse.
What he finds.
The thought is demoralizing.
They have been going around.
Then Leaven realizes.
The rooms move.
Leaven deduces.
Traps are not tagged.
Kazan  it turns out  is an autistic savant.
Who can quickly do prime factorizations and thus identify the traps.
Leaven determines.
The numbers indicate the positions that each room will reach as it cycles.
The room proves to be the one.
Connects. 
Which the group first woke up.
The alignment will come.
They need.
Worth ambushes Quentin and leaves him behind.
They hurry.
They are met.
When they open the hatch.
Worth decides to stay over Leaven s objections  saying.
There is nothing outside but boundless human stupidity.
A bloodied Quentin appears and fatally stabs first Leaven  then Worth handle  before going after Kazan.
Worth grabs Quentin s leg  holding him long enough for Quentin to be ripped apart in the passageway as the bridge shifts.
Worth then dies.
Kazan walks out.
<EOS>
Franz Woyzeck  a lowly soldier stationed  is the father of an illegitimate child by his mistress Marie.
Woyzeck earns extra money by performing menial jobs for the Captain and agreeing to take part in medical experiments conducted by the Doctor.
The Doctor tells Woyzeck.
He must eat nothing but peas.
It is obvious.
He begins to experience a series.
Meanwhile  Marie grows tired and turns her attentions to a handsome drum major  her.
Who taking place in Marie s bedroom  arguably rapes.
Woyzeck confronts the drum major.
Who beats him up and humiliates him.
Finally  Woyzeck stabs Marie by a pond.
Woyzeck disposes.
He hallucinates.
Trying to wash the blood off.
He is swimming and dies.
<EOS>
She finds.
When showgirl Maisie Ravier arrives.
Her new employer has folded  leaving her stranded with only 15 cents.
She persuades Rico to hire her.
Her first customer is an unfriendly Slim Martin  the manager.
Slim accidentally drops his wallet full.
Rico picks it up and leaves town.
Slim has Maisie arrested  but  admits his mistake.
When a search finds only 15 cents.
The deputy sheriff informs Maisie  so she hides.
Vagrants have to be out by midnight.
He is none too pleased to discover the stowaway.
When Slim returns.
He has Maisie driven.
Maisie gets.
When the ranch owners  Cliff and Sybil Ames  arrive.
Herself hired.
The Ames are trying to rebuild their marriage.
Cliff found out.
Maisie s warm personality gradually overcomes Slim s hostility.
She also becomes friends.
One day   the cattle herd gets scattered.
Sybil is out.
Maisie and Cliff volunteer to drive needed supplies.
Their car overturns  pinning Cliff.
Maisie limps and walks in on Sybil and Ray kissing.
Maisie sends them to help Cliff.
When the ranch hands show up.
Who is not seriously injured.
That day  Slim asks Maisie to marry him.
She gleefully accepts.
Maisie informs her.
When Sybil confronts her.
She has told no one  to spare Cliff s feelings.
Sybil is still fearful.
Sybil tells Slim.
Maisie has been and only settled for him after she realized that Cliff was in love to his wife.
She takes offense  breaks off the engagement  and leaves the ranch.
When Slim questions Maisie.
Slim decides to go.
He hears a shot.
He can.
Cliff has committed suicide.
His wife is still unfaithful.
Slim is tried.
She rushes  but is unable to convince the judge.
When Maisie finds out.
Slim is innocent.
Fortunately  Cliff had mailed a letter to deliver to Maisie.
It exonerates Slim.
Maisie inherits the ranch and plenty to run it.
<EOS>
Shirley Blake and her mother Mary  a maid  live.
Wellington  and Joy.
Shirley s aviator father died.
The film opens.
She now spends most at the Glendale  California airport with her godfather  bachelor pilot James Loop Merritt  and his dog Rags.
Rags is played.
Who   would portray Toto in MGM s The Wizard of Oz.
The Smythes make plans to send Shirley.
When Mary is killed.
However  Uncle Ned  the cranky  wheelchair-bound patriarch  is fond of little Bright Eyes and insists.
She remain.
His relatives grudgingly comply.
They make her feel unwelcome.
A custody battle.
The impasse is resolved.
When Loop  his fiancee Adele  Uncle Ned  and Shirley all decide to live together.
<EOS>
Daniel returns.
His family s seemingly utopian existence is overshadowed to live up to his brother s potential.
However  this quickly becomes inconsequential.
Blood-Thirsty killers soon show up.
Daniel flees  hoping for survival.
The family gets killed.
<EOS>
The genre is between documentary  drama and comedy.
The film begins on a grey day in January.
Three friends  Lee Thompson  Chris Foreman and Mike Barson  start to play music together.
Their band suffers numerous arguments and changes in their line-up before finding success in the final scene  with a full piece Madness going out to a packed  screaming arena.
<EOS>
Hossein Rezai plays  a student recently orphaned.
A local stonemason turned actor who   makes a marriage proposal to his leading lady.
The family finds his offer insulting however.
He is poor and illiterate.
The girl decides to evade him.
She continues evading him.
When they are filming  as she seems to have trouble grasping the difference.
The fictional couple takes part.
What would be the filming  and Nothing more.
Hossein still pursues the affections.
The film goes on.
The director learns and tries to advise Hossein about.
What to do.
He then illustrates their story and.
Where the conflict began.
The girl manages to finish the scene.
Hossein woos her and then departs.
At a great distance  the girl finally gives an answer to Hossein.
We are left and back into the olive grove.
The audience is left to wonder.
What response was given.
<EOS>
A Scottish miner becomes unemployed.
He is unable to support his family and can not resolve his bitterness.
Desperate  he accepts an offer made by a Glasgow gangster to fight in an illegal bare-knuckle boxing match.
A long and brutal fight follows.
Filmed.
<EOS>
Gus is a film.
The film opens.
The Petrovic family watching their son Stepjan win the soccer game.
Their other son Andy Petrovic works  and ca nt play soccer at all.
A soccer ball is  Gus.
He never wants to see a soccer ball again.
Andy tries it.
He says  Oyage.
Meanwhile  the California Atoms are a team.
Can not do anything right.
Debbie Kovac  a woman gets the Yugoslavian papers.
They want him over.
Hank Cooper and Coach Venner find out.
So  Andy and Gus fly over to California.
Gus  kicking gets them to agree to let them join the team.
<EOS>
Terry must marry.
Order to inherit the New York Times.
Working are his uncle Macy and mysterious villains The Mystic Mendicants.
<EOS>
Odysseus  the king  is called to service in the Trojan War right after the birth of his son Telemachus much to the dismay of his wife Queen Penelope.
Odysseus is worried.
He may not return  and tells Penelope that she should remarry.
The war winds up lasting a whopping ten years.
They avenge him.
Laocoon tries to warn the Trojans  but is suddenly devoured by a sea monster.
Odysseus  ego gets the best of him.
He tells the Gods.
He did it himself  which angers Poseidon.
However  Odysseus is smart and quick  and may end up getting home.
First  they wind up.
The cyclops named Polyphemus traps them.
Odysseus gets him drunk  causing him to pass out.
Then  he sharpens a tree branch and blinds the cyclops  allowing them to escape by hiding under sheep skins.
When he removes the heavy stone door.
Polyphemus screams.
Odysseus had tricked him stating.
His name was Nobody  so the cyclops is shouting that nobody has tricked him  arousing no suspicion.
Odysseus and his men escape.
Odysseus taunts the Cyclops.
Who asks his father Poseidon to avenge him.
This ends up making Odysseus  journey home harder.
Odysseus ends up.
Where King Aeolus ends up providing him to help him home and to open it when he gets close to Ithaca.
One opens it prematurely blowing them off course.
Next  they wind up  a beautiful witch.
Who turns his men and blackmails him into sleeping with her.
Odysseus gets a heads up about Circe s magic from Hermes.
She tells him.
The Underworld is where to go next.
Only then does.
Odysseus realize that he has actually been tricked.
Odysseus digs his ship out and tide and sails to the Underworld and foolishness.
Where Tiresias torments him  recognizing his courage and wit  but criticizing his ego.
Tiresias tells Odysseus.
Odysseus throws a goat.
To get home where Scylla and Charybdis lives.
He finds.
He is running from the underworld.
His mother Anticlea has committed suicide because Odysseus was away.
She informs him.
There are multiple suitors planning to marry Penelope.
Odysseus  boat ends up.
Scylla s six snake heads wreak havoc  killing many  everyone but Odysseus is killed.
When Charybdis creates a whirlpool and destroys his ship.
Odysseus ends up.
Where Calypso lives and ends up stuck there.
Meanwhile  Odysseus  now 15-year-old son Telemachus tries to find his father and is told to seek out one of his fellow comrades.
Fought. 
He learns.
When Telemachus does find one.
They do nt know what happened.
Hermes arrives ends up telling Calypso to release Odysseus.
When it comes.
She provides him.
Another storm causes problems.
He shouts.
Poseidon ends up reminding Odysseus.
What he said the day he left Troy.
The next morning  Odysseus washes ashore and is found.
They help Odysseus back to Ithica.
They deliver him.
He is fast asleep.
He finds himself on Ithica.
Where he ends up reuniting.
Using a peasant disguise provided  Odysseus meets up with Penelope.
Where she decides to hold a contest which involves the person who can string Odysseus  bow.
Athena sheds.
Odysseus wins the contest.
His disguise and Odysseus is assisted into slaying the suitors.
Odysseus reunites.
The suitors are dead.
<EOS>
The crew of the Memphis Belle  a B-17 of the US Army Air Force stationed in England  are grounded.
They wait from a daylight bombing mission over Europe.
The airbase is  a no-nonsense  practically stoic leader tasked in keeping the pressure on Nazi targets.
All arrive back at the airfield  however the last bomber starts to suffer engine and landing gear trouble moments before landing.
It belly lands and skids  killing all aboard.
Visiting.
The airbase is Army publicist Lt.
Colonel Bruce Derringer.
Derringer is sent to interview and publicize the Belle crew.
The base holds a dance celebration.
They will be the first to accomplish this feat.
The ten-man crew is  Captain Dennis Dearborn  Pilot.
A humorless and socially inept perfectionist  Dennis worked before enlisting.
He named the aircraft and keeps a black-and-white snapshot of her in the cockpit.
He is openly teased for his unwavering professional attitude during preflight checks  and inflight briefings.
The crew have reviewed dozens.
Regardless  he proves to be a competent and capable leader.
1st Lt.
Luke Sinclair .
The carefree former lifeguard believes himself to be undervalued to get his hands on a gun at least but proves himself at a critical moment during the mission.
- which he does .
Lt.
Phil Lowenthal  Navigator.
Phil is nervous and  convinced.
He is doomed to die  drinks too much and distributes his possessions to the rest of the crew.
Lt.
Val Kozlowski  Bombardier and Medic.
It is later revealed.
Everyone believes the confident  self-assured Val to be a doctor.
He attended only two weeks before enlisting.
Sgt.
Danny Danny Boy Daly  Radio Operator.
An earnest Irish-American  Danny was editor and joined up right after graduating college.
He is often seen taking pictures with a small camera.
He frequently takes  and writes poetry in a notebook.
He shows compassion  he ll survive.
When his crewmates pick to the point of vomiting.
Sgt.
Virgil Virgin Hoogesteger  Top Turret Gunner and Flight Engineer.
Virge worked and plans to open a chain of identical restaurants after the war despite his crew-mate s warnings.
Such an unheard could never succeed.
He is constantly teased.
However  he manages to spend the evening.
He met.
Sgt.
Richard Rascal Moore  Ball Turret Gunner.
The diminutive  often crude Rascal considers himself a ladies  man and delights.
He becomes increasingly nervous.
Sgt.
Eugene Genie McVey  Right Waist Gunner.
A religious and superstitious Irish-American  Genie carries a St.
Anthony s medal  and has a tendency to lose it.
His fellow waist gunner  Jack  often teases him  calling him Genie the Weenie.
Sgt.
Jack Bocci  Left Waist Gunner.
A hot-tempered Chicago hoodlum  Jack appears to look out only but proves surprisingly kind to his fellow waist gunner Genie.
He s always eager  and will often sweet talk to his gun.
Whom he affectionately calls Mona.
Sgt.
Clay Busby  Tail Gunner.
The laconic Clay earned money playing the piano.
His father lost the family farm.
A talented singer  he performs Danny Boy before their final mission.
A gambler himself  Clay is frequently asked.
What the odds are if they survive the mission that day  odds which he seldom predicts favorably.
The morning  the officers of the squadron are informed.
Their target is the city of Bremen  Germany.
Almost immediately  the experienced officers begin to worry.
Earlier  it was established.
The target was previously attacked a month earlier.
A quarter was lost.
The Memphis Belle and her squadron are airborne.
The aircraft fly toward their target only to face constant harassment by defending German Messerschmitt Bf 109 fighters.
Eventually the escorting fighters  low  turn away.
The bombers continue alone.
Back  Harriman and Derringer have harsh words after the latter starts decorating the mess hall for a celebration upon the Belles return.
Derringer accuses Harriman.
Harriman brings Derringer into his office and angrily dumps a pile of letters on the desk - replies received from families of lost airmen.
He himself had written to.
The anguished voices are heard over actual black-and-white footage  taken by both sides of the air combat over Europe.
Meanwhile  the bombers have suffered significant losses.
The German interceptors focus their attacks.
The first lead plane  Windy City loses its engines and explodes.
The bomber manages to fly unscathed  but frightens a few of the crew  especially Phil.
Who becomes more terrified when he sees blood.
Afterwards  they rather callously discuss  and reminisce about a few  but names.
The Windy City crew died so quickly.
Whose faces they know.
They ca nt remember.
Their memories are soon filled.
They silently contemplate the dangerous nature.
More attacks ensue.
The replacement lead plane  the C Cup  is forced to return to base.
When its nose is crippled.
The crew watch in horror.
When they see a body fall out without a parachute.
Now it is the Belles turn to take over.
Finding the target obscured the bomb run and orders the formation to circle again in spite of heavy anti-aircraft fire and the extreme possibility of suffering more casualties to the squadron.
Meanwhile  Luke has been itching to do something other and watch the battle.
Sit. 
He secured an agreement to fire the tail gunners gun.
They took off.
When things got hot.
His motives are.
The women back home would find him more desirable if he had actually killed a Nazi.
Luke get.
When the moment arrives.
S his wish and shoots down a Messerschmitt.
But  his moment turns to tragedy.
When his defeated target crashes before  slicing the bomber in half.
Danny tries to raise the stricken aircraft on the radio.
The only response heard are their screams.
Luke  struck  watches them plunge to their deaths.
Val spots the assembly plant through a gap in the smokescreen.
The bombers successfully hit their target but  once clear  they are again engaged by fighters.
Rascal s ball turret jams more than once.
Each time it happens.
He calls from Virgil.
The turret is eventually destroyed.
Rascal is spared thanks  and Virgil.
The attacks continue  blasting a hole  tearing off a large chunk of the tail  and setting the number four engine on fire.
Danny is injured.
Puts Val.
Meanwhile  Dennis and Luke skillfully drop the aircraft and put the fire out  despite great risk of losing the aircraft.
Back  the remaining squadron aircraft return from their mission  much to the dismay of the ground crews  without the Belle.
They wait anxiously.
Dennis orders overboard to lighten their weight.
The pilots prepare the Belle.
Them to toss their guns and ammo.
Val and the enlisted crewmen discuss what to do.
Val  being the only officer  recommends dumping Danny over German occupied territory believing he d had have a better chance of survival.
Found. 
The remaining crewmen vehemently object doing such an act.
Phil interjects and pleads.
He agrees.
He cares all the way back to base.
Only one wheel descends due.
When Dennis orders the landing gear dropped.
Virgil and Jack try to lower the immobile wheel manually with a crank.
Soon Phil joins them  having gained new confidence.
He takes and manages to lower the wheel inches from touchdown.
The ground crew  and a slightly humbled Lt.
Colonel Derringer  race to greet them.
The crew exits the battered plane  finally.
Who discovers a bottle that Danny had smuggled on board.
He shows it  acting.
Though he is going to reprimand them  and then surprises his crew.
They celebrate their victory with Danny on an ambulance.
The film closes.
Who fought during World War II.
<EOS>
The film follows five simultaneous  loosely linked plot lines.
Intertwine and scramble together.
A man keeps killing his wife and burying her to find her alive  furious  and waiting for him.
When he returns home.
A suburban family s life is disrupted and tries to learn.
When the father is permanently hypnotized.
To fly.
A trio pass time by burgling houses.
A murderous advertising executive tries to imagine ideas.
The stories clash together.
<EOS>
There is something wrong.
The seductive Dr Max Schreck knows a cure - fresh  young blood.
Schreck  the original Prince  has discovered.
Vampires can lead more normal lives.
Max attempts to seduce Nina.
Together they will rule over a new age of vampires.
But Tom  Max s jealous brother  has a plot to destroy Max.
<EOS>
Working the night shift  Henry is a man seemingly without ambition  dreams or purpose  a man sleepwalking his way through life.
They instead rob the Buffalo Savings Bank.
When two friends get out  supposedly to get some money at an ATM.
Henry is arrested.
Henry takes the fall and goes.
Rather than give up the names.
There  he meets the irrepressible Max  a con man  he must first have a dream.
Who has grown far too comfortable  but one who also helps plant an idea in Henry s mind which will change his life forever  for a man to find his purpose.
One year later  Henry finds his purpose.
Having done the time  he decides.
He may as well do the crime.
Discovering a long forgotten bootlegger s tunnel  he convinces the reluctant Max to file -- and then recruits his former cellmate to help stage a robbery.
Runs. 
Henry becomes actor by Chekhov  to get access to the tunnel.
However  he finds himself slowly falling.
One helps clearing the tunnel from mud  he informs the other friend.
Who insists.
A retiring guard helps by informing the robbers.
When there is a lot.
The second friend uses a gun to try to take all the money himself.
He is overpowered and left.
Henry demands to stop the car.
When the others drive off.
He returns.
<EOS>
Emak-Bakia shows elements.
Kiki is shown driving a car in a scene through a town.
Towards the middle appears dressed in female clothing and.
Later a caption appears La raison de cette extravagance And it cuts to a car arriving.
A passenger leaving entering a building  opening the case revealing men s shirt collars.
He proceeds to tear.
The collars are then used a focus.
<EOS>
This war drama   follows the lives through a tour in Vietnam in.
Prefigures the similarly bifurcated Full Metal Jacket.
Things quickly devolve.
Disheartened and constantly endangered by the incompetence of their own company commander  the young men find a possible way out of the war.
They are told.
If they win a soccer game  they can spend the rest of their tour playing exhibition games behind the lines.
Nothing is as simple.
As they might have known  once the match starts.
It seems.
<EOS>
Mrs Forrest   is a sweet  kind-mannered and children-loving widow.
Who throws a lavish annual Christmas party of the best-mannered children at the orphanage.
But secretly  she is a demented  sad and miserable woman.
Who keeps the mummified remains.
He fools Forrest.
The voice is that of Katharine.
Christopher and Katy Coombs are orphaned brother and sister.
Christopher has a wild imagination  telling stories.
Frighten the other orphans.
He and Katy sneak.
When he and his sister are not included at Auntie Roo s mansion.
Who transfers the orphans  and are warmly welcomed by Auntie Roo.
Auntie Roo is surprised to see the resemblance to Katy  and becomes more and more focused on her.
Katy is missing.
The party ends.
The other orphans leave.
Auntie Roo promises to find her and send her back.
Christopher realizes  but was kidnapped.
Katy is not just missing.
Meanwhile  Albie  the young  sadistic butler  discovers.
Auntie Roo has Katy locked.
He blackmails her.
She pays to keep him quiet.
He and Clarine depart from the mansion and leave her alone with Katy.
He runs away but ends up trapped inside too.
When no one believes Christopher  or that Katy has really been abducted.
Auntie Roo wants to replace Katy.
He thinks.
Auntie Roo is really a witch wanting to devour him and his sister.
Auntie Roo prepares a dinner.
Christopher assists her.
He steals the key.
Auntie Roo chases them to the kitchen.
Where Christopher tries to protect them.
Knocking it with a piece of wood  Auntie Roo corners them in the pantry and locks the door.
Auntie Roo hears her daughter shouting for her and runs to her coffin in the attic.
It disintegrates.
When she tries to touch the corpse s face.
Auntie Roo returns  I have nothing.
She turns the hour glass over and starts chopping potatoes with a large cleaver.
She then hears the children.
She resists listening.
Katy then says Please  mommy  touching the heart.
Completely lost she opens the door to embrace Katy.
Christopher knocks things.
The children lock the door.
Auntie Roo begins hacking with a cleaver.
Christopher and Katy place the.
He had been fetching and set it on fire with paraffin.
Smashing Auntie Roo sees the fire.
It comes.
Auntie Roo  deep  falls in a corner.
The children emerge  carrying the almost forgotten teddy bear.
Belonged. 
Mrs Forrest  surrounded  shouts at Katy to come back to her.
Outside  the orphans meet Auntie Roo s butcher  Mr Harrison.
Who is delivering a whole piglet.
He sees the smoke inside and drives off to call the fire brigade.
Katy realizes.
She was to cook the pig.
Christopher says.
They were to be eaten.
Christopher quips  Bloody good fire   the whole cellar goes up.
When he leaves.
Inside. 
The fire brigade arrives and puts out the fire but are unable to rescue Mrs Forrest.
Inspector Willoughby will take the children back.
Still outside  the orphanage doctor  Dr Mason  comments Poor little devils.
They ll probably have nightmares.
The day they die.
Christopher and Katy smile  with Christopher ending the tale by saying.
Hansel and Gretel knew that the wicked witch could not harm anyone else.
They were happy.
They also knew.
They would not be hungry again.
So they lived happily ever.
<EOS>
Liberty Wallace is the Vice President of the largest gun manufacturers in the United States  McCloud Industries.
She s the daughter  and married to the company s ruthless CEO  Victor Wallace.
Liberty takes business breaks to conduct an affair.
Former war hero Victor is busy trafficking.
The balance shifts.
When a sniper named Joe aims his rifle as she walks through a busy Los Angeles park on her way to meet Russell.
Joe calls Liberty.
Orders s cart.
Her to shackle herself.
Liberty has no intention.
Joe begins shooting.
Quickly convinced  she locks herself  only to learn.
It is loaded.
The bomb will go off.
She calls  hangs up the phone  mutes the phone  or fails to.
Joe has also attached a bomb.
Who s now.
Liberty realizes.
She ca nt buy her way out.
She is forced to consider Joe s demand.
It is revealed.
Joe s daughter was fatally shot by a classmate who used a gun manufactured by McCloud Industries.
Joe has decided to show Liberty.
What it s like to be.
Victor has apparently bartered illegal deals.
Have resulted.
Joe wants Liberty to use her political connections and this incident to spark a public debate.
Joe no longer supports the unequivocal right to bear arms.
Joe tells Liberty.
She s going to die  but that she can die a hero if she exposes her company s shady business dealings and political connections before she s killed.
Liberty reveals secrets  and her business dealings.
Joe monitors and records her every move.
He s torn.
When Victor  who s also having an affair  finds out that Liberty has been taken hostage.
Victor and the media show up.
It seems.
Joe  who is actually a former CIA agent named Alex  is using Liberty to attract media attention  but then Joe guns down news reporter Bill Tollman  who happens to be the son of a hawkish US senator.
A SWAT team figures out.
Joe shoots Victor dead.
What building Joe is.
He shoots himself  and dies.
They can get.
He has already forwarded Liberty s recorded confessions  presumably.
<EOS>
Debbie Benton is the captain  and has been accepted to try out for the Texas Cowgirls.
Her parents disapprove  though  and refuse to pay the fare.
Tammy  Pat  and Annie decide to accompany her to Texas.
They have two weeks  called Teen Services  offering help.
To raise the money  and swear off any sexual activity and form a company.
Tammy takes a job.
Debbie gets a job.
Roberta convinces Mr Hardwick to give her a job with Mrs Hardwick.
Rikki and Annie agree to wash Mr Bradly s car.
The football team is annoyed.
Roberta s boyfriend Rick and his teammates join Roberta and Pat.
Where they have group sex.
Then he sucks them.
Working at the sports store  Debbie is talked in to allowing Mr Greenfield to see her breasts for $ 10  fondle her breasts for another $.
Realising  Debbie convinces the other girls to engage.
They will not be able to raise enough money.
They agree but only.
It is.
Roberta is caught masturbating.
She engages with both Mr and Mrs Hardwick  earning extra money.
Rikki and Annie go to see Mr Bradly  to wash his car.
Mr Bradly is not home.
They wash the car anyway.
He asks them in to dry off their wet clothes.
When Mr Bradly arrives home.
They undress for $ 10 each.
He performs oral sex  then has anal sex with Annie.
Donna flirts with Mr Biddle  the librarian.
Her boyfriend Tim visits her attempting to have sex.
She fellates him but is caught.
She allows him to spank her to prevent him.
Hamilton and his friend Ashly are after a tennis game.
Hamilton convinces Lisa to fellate him.
Ashly penetrates her.
Tammy has been avoiding Tony s advances  she calls Lisa.
Who joins them.
Lisa offers Tony anything.
She begins to fellate him  then Tammy joins in.
He ejaculates.
Debbie dresses and goes to see Mr Greenfield after hours at the store.
She fellates him  he then penetrates her vagina and performs cunnilingus on her.
Then they engage on top.
They finish.
Mr Greenfield ejaculates.
<EOS>
Moustapha Alassane is a living legend.
His adventures take us  to the times of magical lantern and Chinese shadows.
He is the first director.
He tells very old stories.
He also narrates the most current events.
This documentary not only tells the adventure  but the memories of a generation  the history of a country  Niger  in its golden age of cinema.
<EOS>
The story revolves Arjun and Mannu.
Who have some music lineage.
Arjun dreams  to live up to his grandfather s unfulfilled ambitions.
Mannu however has little interest s instruments and is content with remaining a child at heart with a simpleton attitude.
Arjun diligently pursues his dream  at one point almost leaving an uncle.
Who is his only family.
He finally makes it.
Where he believes he can succeed.
Arjun creates a fledgling band  two brothers.
Who duped their relatives to travel to London in pursuit of their musical aspirations.
He also brings.
The other protagonist is shown to be trying to make his livelihood by playing as a wedding band performer at the village back in India.
Arjun eventually invites Mannu to complete his band contrary to his own belief.
The latter could create competition.
Mannu is shown to have musical talent and the qualities of an entertainer.
He therefore becomes popular with his unique style of performing.
This is to the earlier part of the film.
Where Arjun struggles to captivate the attention despite the music.
Arjun starts feeling envious.
Arjun starts sensing.
Who is starting a budding relationship.
She is now smitten.
He does become the target.
The latter now starts a relationship.
Who seeks to sabotage Mannu s career.
Zoheb   decides to help Arjun.
Who does nt like Mannu.
The band embarks.
Here Arjun deceives a naive Mannu sex and illicit drugs.
He tricks him  gets him addicted  and then gets him arrested in a car full of them.
Arjun leaks the drug story.
Pretending to help Mannu.
The band heads to perform at Wembley Stadium in front of an audience estimated at.
The three-city tour concludes.
Knowing  Mannu tries to give up drugs.
Important this is.
But Arjun decides.
His success and Mannu s total failure are related.
He pays a girl to have sex.
Makes Priya break up.
Zoheb pushes Mannu toward drugs.
So that he ca nt come.
Mannu comes to senses and chooses the righteous path and runs to support his mate.
But Arjun   confesses his envy and.
Who has become incensed.
What he did to finish Mannu off.
The audience boos Arjun  the band breaks up.
A sad Mannu goes back.
Arjun s uncle  advises him to apologize.
Then it is revealed that.
Also  she marries Mannu and lives in his village.
However  Mannu tells him not to apologize saying.
It was his fault that he did nt see Arjun s sorrow.
Priya also pardons Arjun.
They get back together.
London Dreams becomes a successful band again.
<EOS>
Set  16-year-old Atim is sent by his grandfather to the city to kill Nassara  the man.
Who murdered his father.
Atim  carrying his father s gun  finds Nassara running a bakery.
Unexpectedly  the taciturn Nassara takes Atim as the son.
He never had and begins teaching him how to run the bakery.
The emotionally conflicted Atim is drawn  before a finale.
Variety described.
Dry Season.
<EOS>
Melanie Daniels  a young socialite  meets Mitch Brenner.
Brenner wants to purchase a pair.
The shop has none.
He pretends.
Infuriates her.
He says.
They met previously.
She does nt remember him.
Intrigued  she tracks down his address and purchases a pair of lovebirds herself.
She sneaks across the bay in a motor boat and secretly deposits the birds inside Mitch s house with a note.
He spots her.
He intercepts her.
She is attacked and injured.
Mitch requests she stay.
Melanie reluctantly agrees.
Melanie develops a relationship  meets his clinging mother Lydia and his younger sister Cathy  and befriends Mitch s ex-lover Annie Hayworth.
A gull kills itself into the front door.
When Melanie stays.
The next day  the children are set upon by seagulls.
The following evening  sparrows invade the Brenner home.
Lydia discovers a neighbor.
Who has been killed.
She flees the scene.
Lydia becomes concerned about Cathy s safety at school.
Melanie goes and waits for class to end  initially unaware.
A huge number are massing nearby.
Horrified  she warns Annie and they evacuate the children.
When she sees the playground engulfed.
The birds attack  injuring several children.
Melanie meets Mitch.
Several patrons describe their own encounters.
A drunk believes.
The attacks are a sign.
A traveling salesman condemns all birds and suggests.
They be destroyed.
An amateur ornithologist insists  therefore the reports must be in error.
Different species do not flock together.
Melanie rebuts this argument.
A young mother becomes increasingly distressed and shames them all for frightening her children.
A motorist is attacked while filling his car with gasoline  he is knocked unconscious.
The gasoline continues to pump out.
The salesman  having left the restaurant  is unaware.
He is standing.
He misunderstands the hysterical warnings and drops the lit match.
The gasoline ignites  killing him.
The birds attack pour from the diner to survey the damage.
Melanie is forced to take refuge.
Mitch rescues her and they return.
Where the hysterical mother accuses Melanie.
Melanie and Mitch return and find.
Annie has been killed while pushing Cathy indoors to safety.
Melanie and the Brenners barricade themselves.
The house is attacked by the birds.
Several times they nearly break in.
Melanie hears noises from the upper floor.
Not wanting to disturb the others  sleep  Melanie enters Cathy s abandoned bedroom and finds.
The birds have broken.
They violently attack her  trapping her.
Mitch comes.
She is badly injured and nearly catatonic.
Mitch insists.
They must get her.
A sea ripple menacingly around the Brenner farm.
Mitch prepares Melanie s car.
The radio reports the spread to nearby communities  and suggests.
The National Guard may be required because civil authorities are unable to combat the inexplicable attacks.
The film concludes ambiguously.
The Brenners slowly makes its way.
<EOS>
One has subtracted a statuette.
He had planned to use.
It hired two private investigators to restore the statue  but the business to recover the statue gets worse.
Clay Roth is killed.
This infuriates the Roth brothers and father  all combat veterans  and go.
<EOS>
Kitano plays sociopathic detective Azuma  a Dirty.
Whose single-mindedness leads him.
Azuma breaks all the rules of ethical conduct.
He responds.
They produce results.
<EOS>
The story opens up a small briefcase from the ground in the pouring rain.
She then proceeds to get and drive down the Louisiana road.
High school senior  Eden  is working with her best friends  Rachel and CeCe.
The rest hang around the place.
Ricky is aimlessly flirting by giving them alcohol.
Eric and Sean talk.
Ray Sawyer pulls up.
Everyone stares and whisper rumors.
Ray picks his order up.
Ray is Sean s biological father.
Rachel says.
He leaves.
Much he scares her  while Tammy flashes Ray while he eats.
Eden begins to bike home alone.
Eric catches up to talk to her about going to college in New York.
Ray drives up and asks.
They were talking.
Eden s alright.
He begins to leave.
When he s sure.
When another car  carrying the Creole woman passes by.
CeCe s grandmother s car falls halfway.
Ray gets out and helps Eric to save the woman.
Ray saves her.
The woman begs Ray to get the suitcase.
The car capsizes.
Ray reaches.
The briefcase begins to move and finally opens releasing several gnarly looking snakes.
The snakes attack Ray.
The car sinks.
The ambulance arrives to find Ray dead.
CeCe arrives shaken up and asks.
What happened  leaving Eden speechless.
The same night snakes - presumed to be water snakes.
At the coroner s office  the coroner examines Ray s dead body apparently having been bitten.
The coroner leaves the area and comes back to see Ray s body missing and then he is killed.
Deputy Turner is also killed.
The next day Eden is still recuperating before.
Rachel and her boyfriend  Sean  are  with Sean showing little emotion to Ray s death.
He drank heavily leading.
Meanwhile Tammy and Patty are planning to go to shoplift.
They come.
Patty goes to pee.
Tammy fixes the tires.
Tammy goes to look  only to find her impaled by battery clamps attached to chains leaving her to hang.
When she s done.
Tammy tries to escape.
Ray traps her and crushes her torso with a lowered car and then sand blasts.
Her face off.
Sean begins to show anger.
Eric follows Sean.
Sean enters the area to find a picture.
When he was a little kid - showing that Ray did care.
Sean storms out and finds the remains of Tammy strewn around the floor.
The night leads to Eden going.
Where she has a plethora.
CeCe then tells her.
The snakes that killed Ray were full that her grandmother took out of men to purify their souls.
Ricky  Rachel  Sean  and Eric arrive and find out.
What s going on.
They try to escape town.
Their car is turned.
The kids all see Ray and begin to run.
Ricky is caught.
When his leg is pinned by a crowbar.
His arm is then ripped off  causing him to bleed.
They look.
It seems.
If Ray is gone.
Sean leaves the house to confront Ray.
Eden grabs a rifle.
Ray slashes Sean s face and then impales him through the chest.
Eden and Eric drag Sean inside and try to stop the bleeding.
He dies.
Rachel cries.
Eden talks CeCe.
Meanwhile  Ray hooks the towing hook and pulls the front porch off  dragging Eden with it.
Eden gets back.
Who finishes the spell.
Ray begins to climb the wreckage.
CeCe stabs Sean s body several times to slow Ray down.
Ray finally reaches her and slashes CeCe s throat.
Eden  Eric and Rachel escape.
Ray follows and pulls beside them.
The remaining three try to escape.
He tosses a chain and drags her half way out of the car.
Eden grabs hold.
Rachel screams and is impaled.
Both cars are accelerating.
Eric and Eden then try to pass.
Who dives.
Ray attacks  missing them both  but separating them.
Eric and Eden headed.
Eden ends up  and Eric deeper in the swamp.
Eden makes her way.
Where she finds an altar and an open casket where all the victims are kept.
Eden tries to leave.
Ray comes and locks her.
Eden hides beneath Tammy s body.
Eric is then thrown by Ray.
Who then goes.
Eden starts to cry.
Eric opens his eyes.
Eden ca nt hide her gasp  unknowingly drawing Ray s attention.
He grabs Eden s foot.
Ray looks in to inspect the bodies.
Eric began to breathe to protect Eden.
Ray then stabs Eric.
Eden then fights Ray.
He drags her.
She then uses a charm.
She got.
Ray submits.
The snakes possessing his body emerge to try to take the charm.
Eden escapes up the chute  using the charm.
Eden then traps Ray and the snakes.
She hears an inhuman shriek  signaling Ray is back.
She tries to drive off.
Ray chases Eden out.
She can do anything.
She runs to hide.
She hides to Ray.
He hears a rustling and hacks the bush  revealing.
She s not there.
Just then the tow truck emerges and crushes Ray in half against a tree  killing him.
Eden then staggers off.
The two snakes can be seen crawling out.
<EOS>
The opening begins at a dinner party for Giovanni and his wife Elvira.
Who are celebrating a wedding anniversary.
However  not everyone is happy.
Elvira s father enters and angrily confronts Giovanni.
Giovanni s ego is unruffled and calmly tells his father-in-law to die as soon as possible.
Elvira suggests Giovanni leave and get some champagne.
Giovanni takes the opportunity not only to get the champagne but also to have a sexual encounter.
The father-in-law witnesses this act and attempts to kill him.
However  Giovanni triumphs and slays his father-in-law instead.
Surviving this  Giovanni furiously shouts.
He is his own king  master  faith and god.
Giovanni  with a camera attached to the front of his motorcycle  heads towards the ocean.
A mysterious black Cadillac stalks him.
Appears to have no driver.
Giovanni picks up a beautiful waitress named Julie.
Who is headed.
They stop.
Where Julie swims while Giovanni takes the opportunity to seduce a beautiful farm girl called Charlotte  after he chases off her immature and cowardly fiance Pedro.
Giovanni and Julie take off again not too far behind.
The next day have a slight argument while on the trail of Giovanni.
Alphonse is about to be murdered.
Charles leaves briefly.
However  Giovanni suddenly appears and rescues his.
Together  they fight and disable the entire gang.
Alphonse lets Giovanni escape to continue the pursuit to the dismay of Charles.
Later that night Giovanni almost seduces Julie.
When they are chased half-naked up a tree.
The car then drives off.
The two remain.
The next morning Giovanni is bitten.
Julie tries to get help.
Julie pleads to the mute garage workers.
She needs help.
Instead she is cornered.
Who begin to wash her.
Suddenly  in walks the sheriff.
Who claims that the men are not dangerous but only miss their younger sister.
The sheriff and Julie get Giovanni.
Where he is shown fending off death.
Julie and Giovanni come across a homeless man in the desert.
Julie falls off the motorcycle.
Giovanni promises to hand over a large sum.
When the man asks.
He will swear there is no god.
The homeless man declines and Giovanni gives him the money anyway.
Later that night  Giovanni follow a happy couple to a small desert inn.
Giovanni invites them and soon seduces the bride-to-be in front of choreographed dancers in a bar.
Giovanni and the woman have sex somewhere in the desert.
The next morning a man demands to meet  this man wants Giovanni to repay the money.
He loaned him.
However  this is averted.
When Giovanni hastily spins the conversation and the man s reasons.
Later  he is seen having a phone conversation.
Which he falsely professes to be a changed man following god.
He and Julie argue  duplicitous values  and motivations to live a false life.
She departs.
Later  clearly upset and drunk  Giovanni puts his head.
Has been following them.
Elvira s brothers  Charles and Alphonse  appear.
They give Giovanni the chance to redeem himself and return.
He refuses.
Instead  he says.
They will have their face-off tomorrow.
However   Giovanni and Julie have sex.
This occurs.
When she is finally willing to be seduced.
The next morning he leaves.
Giovanni and the black Cadillac attempt to outmaneuver each other.
The scene ends.
It is assumed.
Giovanni is dead.
However   Giovanni emerges from the black car.
Has been following him.
He is.
<EOS>
The Countess Cosel is based.
Who became a mistress  King of Poland and Elector of Saxony in.
The movie follows the arrival at Dresden of 24 year old Anna Constantia of Brockdorff   her romance with the King and her ` ten year reign  as his mistress - a role  and finally  her heartbreak  disillusion and struggle against him.
Who is an inordinately beautiful and scrupulously devout young married woman.
She consents to that she has won the king s love and commitment.
The conflict arises from the fact.
Anna takes seriously not only the relationship  but the written promise which she manages to secure from him during their courtship.
Neither the relationship nor the contract is held by Augustus.
Who replaces her  as he has always done   as soon as she loses for him the charm of novelty.
Her valiant refusal to return the marriage promissory note enrages him and delivers her to her miserable fate.
Cosel came to be considered increasingly dangerous.
When it became known that king Augustus had given her a secret written promise.
Ultimately  she fell.
When she showed her jealousy after her spies told her with Countess Maria Magalena von Donhoff of Warsaw.
Distraught and feeling desperate to win back king s affection  Cosel departed Dresden to meet the king only to be turned back at the city gates.
Augustus  having no more feelings  gave orders to lock her up in the Stolpen fortress.
Cosel s faith and courage   opened the way to regain her freedom.
Replaced her initial despair and anger culminated  even after Augustus  death  thirty-two years before her own.
Cosel was imprisoned for forty-nine years.
She died  being eighty-five years of age.
She preserved traces of her great beauty.
Which she became so famous.
<EOS>
Nasik-based Heerendra Dhaan and Raj Ranade are bodyguards but   they end up assaulting a police officer and flee to Mumbai.
Their employer is implicated.
Once there they meet.
Who  gets them employed with a gangster named Shambhu.
Are let go.
The duo are apprehended  questioned  and after they agree to cooperate to bring down Shambhu.
The two succeed.
They themselves are arrested  tried  and sentenced to a year in jail.
They are met by Inspector Narsimha.
Who wants to recruit them to capture and kill dreaded bandit Babban Singh  who had slaughtered his wife  Kavita  and son  Subbu  as well as cut his fingers off.
Heerendra and Raj agree to carry out this task.
They re-locate to Kaliganj.
Where Heerendra falls while Raj gives his heart to Subbu s widow  Durga.
They then set out to capture Babban and meet during Diwali.
Babban manages to escape.
Babban then starts to ambush and kill Kaliganj residents to compel them to surrender the duo.
The question remains or will they permit themselves to be slaughtered.
The residents carry out Babban s wishes.
<EOS>
Sculptor Charles Garrie enters into an illicit relationship with the married Christine Minetti.
Christine s husband Anton is also a sculptor  and mentally unstable.
Anton finds out and soon after she vanishes without trace.
They can find no incriminating evidence  nor any lead as  alive or dead.
The police consider Anton the prime suspect.
Anton s mental deterioration gathers pace.
He is arrested for the murder of his mistress.
There is no doubt of his guilt.
He still refuses however to give any indication.
What happened.
Charles remains desperate to discover Christine s fate  and relates the whole story.
A psychic is called.
A seance is held  revealing.
Christine has always been much closer than anyone could have realised.
<EOS>
The farcical plot.
Release focuses.
Who runs an agency that searches and often provides phony claimants in order to collect his fee.
Corrigan investigates Wallingham s background and discovers.
When his former girlfriend Joan Martin  who left him due his lack of ethics  accepts a position at the allegedly legitimate firm owned by Charles Wallingham.
His rival is even more duplicitous than he is.
He exposes him.
He is and promises to go straight if Joan will come back.
<EOS>
The peaceful and happy life is interrupted.
When Kim  a brilliant and attractive male architect  builds a dream house next.
All the people turn evil or end up having accidents and unexplainable deaths.
Who move.
They realize.
The house targets their fears and feeds off until it drives them insane.
The Kennedys succeed in destroying the house  killing the architect in the process.
Another couple is seen eyeing a new house identical to the old one.
This is the greatest departure.
Which the Kennedys kill the architect.
They themselves lost their lives.
The house is still intact.
<EOS>
Karan Malhotra is a spirited and happy-go-lucky boy.
Who does not follow the rules.
Sana is the opposite  a sweet and shy girl.
Who lives life.
They fall  leading to a magical love story.
Though they are completely opposite.
<EOS>
Tom is a mascot and is warned by the captain the ship.
Tom will be replaced if a mouse is found.
Jerry tries to board the ship but is kicked out  Jerry continues to board the ship unsuccessfully until boarding on the anchor of the ship.
He then ties Tom s tail and makes a fake call for help.
Tom throws the ring and this results himself being thrown off the ship.
Tom manages to get back  soaking wet and furious.
Jerry slips up Tom.
He passes.
Tom salutes a passing captain.
He is thrown off the ship.
Tom emerges soaking wet once again.
Tom dives after seeing Jerry dive into it.
Jerry drains all the water out  causing Tom to crash.
Then  Tom is seen standing  and is blasted by a jet of boiling water.
When Jerry switches it on.
Jerry  successfully ridding Tom off the ship again  walks  but Tom  now really furious  pokes his head up.
Jerry flees.
Where Texas Tom is being shown.
Tom is annoyed and throws Jerry  after reaching his highest point  Jerry realises.
When Jerry laughs.
He s going to fall.
Jerry lands  falls into a vent  and drops into a food serving tray.
The captain praises Tom.
The food is served and much.
Jerry fell.
Tom is thrown and watches.
Jerry surfs.
<EOS>
The cartoon starts.
Mickey is then faced.
Who must be deflated in order to fit.
The band takes over.
Following  Mickey Mouse becomes the star  taking on the multiple roles of a vaudeville star.
The cartoon ends.
Mickey Mouse.
<EOS>
Japan builds.
A large space power plant called Saint Elmo.
The plant supports Earth.
Earth has to send several technicians to fix the problem.
When there is an abnormality.
<EOS>
The film opens.
Where a teenage boy named Cody Puckett awakens one ominous night to find his parents staked and burned.
C.
A.
V.
Which stands.
The vampire hunters allow Cody to escape  hoping.
He will lead them back.
Journalist Harry Martin receives the details of the Texas killings  before heading out to hear the verdict of a.
He has been covering.
Assistant D.
A.
Amy Lorne is cornered by the members of the Shrikes  a biker gang named after the unpleasant little birds.
Who impale their prey of whom the A.
D.
A.
Is currently prosecuting.
Harry appears to break up the incident.
The gang leader  Butcherbird  warns Harry.
Uncle Eli is nt happy.
Harry explains.
He and Butcherbird are distant cousins.
An obviously fixed jury announces.
It can not reach a verdict.
Disgusted  Amy storms out.
Harry goes.
He asks her to attend a family party before leaving her to join Eli Chelarin  the powerful businessman.
Who fixed Butcherbird s trial.
Harry warns Eli  and shows him the newspaper clipping of the Texas killings.
It s starting again.
Later that week  Cody reaches town and tries to find Eli.
Instead he encounters the Shrikes.
Amy is surprised to learn.
Harry is connected.
He reveals.
His real name is Harlevon Martinescu.
The party comes.
When Butcherbird enters.
Harry excuses himself  joining a council in a private room.
There  the male family members hear.
Eli  Harry and the Council tell Cody.
His parents were members who decided to move away to Texas before Cody was born.
Harry tries to convince the others to leave the killings.
When Cody has left the room.
The family can not go on.
Furious  Eli accuses Harry.
Meanwhile  a nervous Amy is teased first by Butcherbird.
Harry rescues her and takes her home.
Where   he rejects her advances and leaves.
Later that night  Harry receives an unexpected visit.
Who seduces him  inviting him to bite her throat couple.
Meanwhile  Cody is then taken and is later tempted to become involved with the Shrikes.
They ride out.
Later the next morning  an argument over the pendent leads to Butch enlightening Cody about their shared family heritage as vampiric creatures.
Had belonged.
A shocked Cody refuses to believe it and attacks Butch out leading to a wolf-like fight  much to the excitement of the other Shrikes and their women.
Harry appears to break up the brawl.
Cody realizes.
He had bitten Butch on the neck.
He eventually realizes.
Everything Butch said about their family was true.
Harry later tells Cody.
He also reveals.
Their family had been with the heretic vampire hunters for generations.
Cody begins to crave revenge and chooses life with the Shrikes over Harry s pleas for him to choose a more peaceful life.
Harry then returns to try to pursue a relationship  but knows.
His family does not approve as she is not one of them.
The vampire hunters soon show up and kidnap Celia to lure the Carpathians into a final showdown.
Their battle takes place at the hour of the jackal on a beach.
Where Eli has a new hotel.
The fight goes in the favour of the hunters.
The Shrikes eventually show up to help turn the tide.
The Council vote to have them killed.
When the hunters are defeated.
Cody wishes to join in  but is desuaded.
When the family attacks and bites the remaining hunters.
The Shrikes then take the corpses and throw them into the sea.
Harry and Cody walk off.
Cody keeps looking back and wondering.
They leave.
His decision to leave was the right one.
<EOS>
King Horn sets out to find all seven.
Order to conquer mankind and rule the universe.
It is now up.
Two already in the evil king s possession.
It is too late.
<EOS>
Filmmaker Mark Wexler is not going down.
Overwhelmed and confronted by his own advancing age  Wexler embarks on a curious  lively  and sometimes troubling worldwide trek to investigate.
What it really means to live forever.
Wexler s search takes him.
Where people live the longest  to Iceland.
He journeys to attend a convention for funeral directors  and the Ms.
Senior America Pageant.
He contemplates a future at the Alcor Life Extension Foundation cryonics facility in Arizona.
Wexler even receives exercise tips  hormone replacement advice from Suzanne Somers  and promises of eternal life from biogerontologist Aubrey de Grey.
Whose advice should he take.
Can it be.
Life s true meaning is found.
The film challenges our notions.
Begun.
To Live Forever evolves.
<EOS>
The film plays out  edited together into a single story  The Benefit  Breaking the Lease  and The Ballet  with new footage included between episodes to help transition the episodes into one coherent storyline.
This adds.
The series routinely took the format.
Viewers watch the cast perform the episodes live.
The film itself ends.
Arnaz thanks the audience.
<EOS>
Scarecrows is about five anti-heroic bank robbing paramilitary mercenaries and war criminals.
Who steal three million dollars and take two hostages  a pilot and his daughter.
One steals the loot and parachutes into a dark field.
The robbers fly.
The remaining robbers land the plane and head.
The house has a demonic history.
Causes scarecrows guarding surrounding graves to resurrect and slaughter all trespassers  dooming their victims to live on.
<EOS>
Bullabbayi is fond.
He loves her so much and wanted to be flawless.
She really loves him.
Rajeswari behaves that she is not interested.
Bullabbayi has a property dispute.
Bullabbayi pays her money and takes Chintamani with him and keeps her in his outhouse.
Bullabbayi tells her to leave the place the next day.
Accidentally  seduces Chintamani  by Veerababu s men against him.
Being an honest boy  Bullabbayi reveals everything and urges him to stop the marriage.
The latter refuses to do so.
Again  Bullabbayi innocently reveals the incident.
He does nt want to cheat her that he was pious and flawless.
Rajeswari attempts suicide and gets saved.
However  Rajeswari refuses to share the marital life.
A few days later  her father convinces her and appeals to honour his honesty.
Being impressed  Rajeswari allows him into the bedroom.
They enjoy a good family life.
Rajeswari turns pregnant  so also Chintamani.
Bullabbayi managed both his pregnant wives.
<EOS>
Soundless Wind Chime centers from China  Ricky.
Who works while living with his prostitute aunt.
He is pickpocketed.
Who is.
Deciding to leave him  Pascal has a chance encounter.
The two begin a romantic relationship.
The couple struggles  forcing them to determine.
Their relationship is based on one another.
Several years later  Ricky searches Switzerland  eventually encountering Ueli  a timid antique store owner.
Who looks the same  but who has a vastly different personality.
The truth of Pascal and Ricky s relationship is unraveled.
The film progresses.
<EOS>
Businessman Samuel Ramos hires former Marine Force Recon officer and CIA operative John Creasy to guard his nine-year-old daughter Pita.
Himself socially from Pita.
The two develop a friendship.
Pita is abducted in public.
Creasy is shot multiple times.
The Ramoses agree to deliver a dead drop ransom.
The drop  however  is ambushed and the money is stolen  resulting in The Voice notifying the Ramoses.
Pita will not be returned.
Creasy leaves the hospital before fully recovering from his wounds and vows to Pita s mother Lisa.
He will kill everyone involved.
His friend  Paul Rayburn   hands him weapons in his quest for revenge.
Who runs a security firm.
A journalist  and Miguel Manzano of the AFI Creasy begins hunting down and killing those involved in Pita s abduction with great success.
Each person leads him by providing vital information.
He eventually learns.
Samuel s attorney  Jordan Kalfus stole $.
5 million was sent to the drop.
Samuel confesses to Creasy.
He agreed for Pita s kidnapping to pay off business debts with his share of the insurance money.
He also confesses.
When Pita was not returned  he killed Kalfus.
Samuel then commits suicide.
Mariana writes an article revealing The Voice s identity as Daniel Sanchez.
Creasy shows up and is shot by his brother Aurelio.
Who then tries unsuccessfully to escape.
Creasy calls Daniel.
Who reveals that Pita is still alive and offers to free her if Creasy surrenders himself.
Creasy agrees.
He and Lisa meet.
Where the kidnappers release Pita.
Creasy then surrenders himself and is driven away to his wounds.
Daniel Sanchez is killed later that same day.
<EOS>
Lone super-quick gunslinger nameless Cowboy out to kill him for killing his son.
Even dropping a drink  pulling and shooting a guy.
When former Confederate soldier saw how can Cowboy defend himself.
Catching his drink.
It hits the floor.
Cowboy gets mixed up.
Who has knowledge.
So  Cowboy and Dooley  the Soldier tries to complete their map and find the gold.
Dooley has only one part.
And also Col.
Skinner of Dooley.
They then are also pursued.
When Cowboy and Dooley free a man.
It all leads.
Who is another one which has knowledge.
Hidden gold.
<EOS>
Max Keeble is a seventh grade junior-high school paperboy.
Who has a huge crush of his paper recipients.
Max has two best friends  Robe and Megan  and is constantly bullied by physical humiliation and stealing lunch money.
Max is enemies.
Jindrake and the Evil Ice Cream Man  and also learns.
An animal shelter that he visits is being closed down.
Donald Don Keeble gets a promotion.
When Max unexpectedly finds out that he is moving after his father.
Later plots  believing.
When they try to retaliate  Max will be gone.
<EOS>
