Don  taking Max s advice to heart earlier  announces.
Starting his own business  meaning.
Max is not moving.
Max freaks out  and learns.
Robe  Megan  and the entire school are suffering.
Max states that  no matter  you can always stand up.
Who you are.
Max confronts Jindrake  Troy  and Dobbs one final time  and  eventually defeats Troy and Dobbs for good by throwing them into the dumpster  stops Jindrake from demolishing the animal shelter  and later gets Jindrake fired for fiddling with his school budget.
The film ends.
The Evil Ice Cream Man starts pursuing Max once again.
<EOS>
The boys are working.
Where their friend  Jimmy Higgins  is boxing.
Jimmy is killed.
The boys seek out his older brother  Johnny  a former boxer.
Who gave up the sport rather than go crooked.
Help train him to get back.
They try to get him a shot.
Try to get Johnny to take a dive.
When they do the same crooked gangsters that were.
They kidnap his younger brother  Boomer.
Sach comes and helps Boomer escape.
He knocks out the crooked boxer and wins the title.
When Johnny sees Boomer is okay.
<EOS>
The supplier of prescription medication to the students at the local high school  Troy Johnson  commits suicide.
Troy s best friend Dean   is prescribed more antidepressants.
Who found the body.
He is antagonized Billy and Lee.
When Dean returns.
Who were supplied.
Their friend  Crystal Falls  flirts  but he soon realizes.
Her true intentions are to retrieve the remaining drugs in Troy s home and give them to her  Billy and Lee.
He refuses to cooperate.
To force Dean to procure the drugs  Billy and Lee plan to kidnap Dean s brother  Charlie.
They end up kidnapping Charlie Bratley.
The kidnappers hold Charlie Bratley -.
Whose parents are still unaware that he is missing.
Dean eventually agrees to go.
Though  Billy discovers.
Dean delivers the drugs.
The bag does nt contain drugs at all.
An angry Billy starts a fight.
Dean is arrested.
Dean reveals.
Trying to explain everything.
His brother Charlie replaced the drugs that their mother Allie sells.
Neither Officer Bratley nor Dean s father believes Dean s story.
He is released  whereupon his father increases the dosage.
Dean is taking.
Later  a flashback will reveal and put them.
Charlie crushed the real drugs.
His mother was making.
The next day is Troy s memorial service and the wedding.
Lou finally realized.
His son actually had been kidnapped and headed out to look.
Crystal asks Lee to help stop the kidnapping scheme.
He does not comply.
Crystal goes.
Where she finds him hallucinating and finally expressing his grief.
Meanwhile  a paranoid Lee tries to stab and kill Charlie Bratley to avoid being caught.
Charlie fights back and slices the knife.
Billy runs out  screaming in pain  and is hit by Lou s police car.
Dean goes.
Where all are intoxicated by the drugs that Charlie put into the casserole that his mother made.
Troy s mother  Carrie  discloses.
She never knew her own son.
Dean tells her.
She thanks him.
Billy is later sent.
Lee gets acquitted.
A closing voice over explains.
Dean and Crystal escape together.
They are shown kissing.
<EOS>
Jack Issel is a natural-born slacker.
Who has just graduated and joined I.
N.
C.
A large American corporation based.
He sees the dirty underside of the corporate world and.
It corrupts people.
His two mentors  the stuffy and buttoned president Bob Nixon  in fact  show.
Him first-hand how to cheat and blackmail one s way.
Jack is further aided.
Who tells Jack that money and power come.
Jack s supervisor and the public relations vice president  Jane Caldwell  also tells Jack exactly the same thing.
Jack learns that Jane is a shady vixen who s.
Unsure  and often incompetent  Jack ca nt figure out.
He keeps getting promoted.
Jack spends the rest.
N.
C.
He can be a good businessman.
This film has a surprisingly strong supporting cast.
Who include such established stars  as a tax evader named Frank Steadman.
Rick Moranis named Howard Gross.
Who have roles of the movie that are little more than cameos.
Other subplots include.
An executive named Mike Hoover  another burnout who learns that he is dying  including his coke-sniffing best friend Al Kennedy trying to steal his job.
John Hudson is also a recent recruit.
N.
C.
And one.
Whom resorts to trickery to get ahead.
Midway focuses entirely on the Jack-Rachel situation.
The further promoted Jack  with Max in tow  travel upstate to the town of Allenville to give a press conference on the closing of the textile plant and townspeople protesting the closing of the plant.
Where Rachel has organized a huge protest.
The mob attack and destroy Jack and Max s limousine  much to the chagrin of the company limo driver Sal.
Jack tells the truth to the reporters about I.
N.
C.
Reasons sets.
Are entirely  while both the enraged Helmes and Jack s father watch the event on their TV.
This does win.
That night  she and Jack spend the night together.
The following morning   he sees.
Helmes decides to fire Jack.
Jack s actions have drawn nationwide media attention whom hail Jack Issel.
Helmes changes his mind and invites him to his house that weekend and finally learns.
Where Jack runs again.
She is Helmes  daughter.
Helmes tries to win over Jack s loyalty.
N.
C.
Where a dinner reception is taking place where Jack is expected to give a $ 2 million bribe as another I.
N.
C.
Ploy to win the support for further business proposes.
Jack sneaks Rachel into the building.
Where they finally learn the truth.
N.
C.
S business.
Stealing the suitcase  Jack and Rachel flee from the building security forces in a climatic chase and escape from the building and expose I.
N.
C.
S plans.
Pete Helmes is forced to resign.
A result  the textile plant is saved.
N.
C.
Both inherit the majority of I.
N.
C.
Stockholder shares.
The final scene has Jack  now the new chairman.
N.
C.
Traveling Helmes helicopter  to the offices with Sal as his pilot.
<EOS>
No Reservations is a remake  called Mostly Martha.
Kate Armstrong is the head chef in Manhattan  New York.
She runs her kitchen.
She coordinates the making and preparation  and personally displays the food to perfection on every dish.
She intimidates everyone  including her boss Paula.
Who sends her.
Kate hates to leave the kitchen  however she is ready to leave the kitchen.
When a customer wants to compliment her.
When a customer insults her cooking.
Her nine-year old niece  Zoe  must move in.
When Kate s sister is killed.
Kate is devastated  Paula decides to hire a new sous chef to join the staff  Nick Palmer  and could be the head chef of any restaurant.
Who is a rising star.
He pleased.
Nick  however  wants to work.
The atmosphere is somewhat chaotic.
Kate feels increasingly threatened as time went on due to his style of running her kitchen.
Nick loves to listen.
He cooks.
He loves to make the staff laugh.
And Kate finds.
Herself strangely attracted.
Is happening.
She would want.
She has pushed away all others prior.
However  there is some kind.
Only flourishes.
Yet life hits her hard.
When Paula decides to offer Nick the job.
Kate s relationship turns a sour note due to Kate s pride.
Kate allows herself to become vulnerable and tear down the walls.
She has built so that she and Nick could start fresh.
The movie concludes having opened their own bistro.
<EOS>
A column arrives at the remote Fort Zinderneuf  having been assigned to relieve the legionnaires.
Who had been defending the fort.
They find.
The fort has been ravaged.
American Beau Graves is the only survivor.
He is asked.
His badly injured arm is amputated.
What has happened.
His story is revealed.
Beau s column had been serving.
Whom is notorious under his command.
He is especially tortuous  hoping.
This will get them to reveal.
He suspects Beau.
He has no proof.
Earns Beau particularly brutal treatment.
Beau s background leads De Ruse to nickname him Beau Geste.
Specifically  Beau had run away and joined the Legion.
Beau had taken the blame.
Whom Beau also loved.
His noble gesture had proven futile  however  and committed suicide just a few months later.
The partner confessed.
That development prompts the suggestion.
Beau might reclaim his lost love.
But he deems it unfair to ask her to wait   with no guarantee.
He is now committed.
He ll survive it.
De Ruse and his men are assigned to relieve Fort Zinderneuf.
There  De Ruse is mortally wounded and is infirmed upon the group s arrival.
The brutality returns.
It is nt long  with everyone except Beau and his brother John set upon executing the sergeant.
The Tuareg attack.
As they are about to do so.
No one doubts his excellence as a battle commander  so Beau convinces the men to release him.
He may lead them.
Dagineau props up the bodies with their rifles pointing at their attackers.
Legionnaires are killed.
De Ruse speaks privately with Beau and confesses to being the author of the letter.
He had hoped to frighten Dagineau.
De Ruse laments.
He dies.
It only caused Dagineau to treat the men even more harshly.
The legionnaires try to hold out  with Dagineau confidently proclaiming.
Relief is.
But eventually  the only ones left alive are Dagineau and Beau.
Who has a seriously wounded arm.
Dagineau delays their entry.
When the predicted relief column arrives.
He can settle things once and for all.
He tells Beau.
The Legion is need  and that all of the dead men around them can be presented as those heroes  so long as no one ever knows that they had mutinied.
Therefore  he can not leave Beau alive to reveal the truth.
What had occurred.
Beau and Dagineau fight  finally gaining the upper hand and shooting and killing Dagineau.
Beau s flashback ends to reveal.
He has not actually been relating this story.
Still awaiting Beau s response  the commander repeats his query.
Beau tells him.
That the men laid down their lives protecting the fort.
Beau presents the entire group as heroes.
As Dagineau had wanted.
The commander informs Beau.
They will now abandon it.
Having lost his arm  Beau will be discharged.
The commander offers his hope.
Beau has someone.
Beau smiles pensively and replies.
He indeed does.
<EOS>
Pastry chef Macky has struggled.
It s not easy being fat.
When you re with a young socialite columnist named Nina.
He has been her constant secret admirer  surprising Nina every time.
Everything is going well.
Nina meets Macky  who gets the shock when she sees Macky in his 300-pound glory.
Then comes Aira  the ever-vibrant fitness instructor.
Who knows how to motivate her clients well.
Being the breadwinner  she has to double her effort to meet their daily needs.
Macky finally agrees to be her client.
The two gained love and affection for each other.
Aira then agrees to accept an offer to work abroad  separating the two.
Two years pass.
The Macky is now one.
Who was once laughed.
Unfortunately  his heart is now owned.
But an untimely encounter reminds Macky of his happy old days.
Macky now has to choose the woman.
Who really is his big love - is it the woman he dreamt or is it.
Who loved him unconditionally.
<EOS>
Mr Ronald Gibb is a high school history teacher.
His students lack interest.
He is depicted.
One is a popular teenage girl and local celebrity.
She was featured.
Mr Gibb secretly has a crush.
He stares a day.
He overhears Ally and her boyfriend Brett get into a big argument.
She no longer has a ride home  so he offers to take her home.
Mr Gibb and Ally are photographed just.
She spontaneously kisses him  and as such the school board deems his behavior unacceptable and unprofessional.
She goes missing.
He drops her off.
The news reports.
A kidnapping has occurred.
Mr Gibb is the primary suspect.
Police officials find evidence that he was before she was kidnapped.
The film follows Gibb.
He copes and ends with a sudden twist in the final minutes.
<EOS>
Arun falls with Seetha.
Seetha refuses his love and tells him her past.
Seetha was.
Seetha s brother-in-law was a jobless son-in-law and lived.
Balu is a bank manager and falls with Seetha.
Mani  Balu s father  a miser  looked.
Balu got married  Balu died in a crossfire.
Mani refused to keep Seetha.
Later   he begged Seetha to come with him.
She took her late husband job.
Seetha s brother-in-law took his wife s thaali and tied the thaali.
She immediately removed the thaali.
Arun  son  decides to marry her despite her past.
The court cancels the marriage.
Seetha s sister kills her husband to save Seetha s marriage.
Arun and Seetha get married.
<EOS>
The criminals General Zod  Ursa and Non are sentenced by Jor-El to banishment into the Phantom Zone for insurrection  among other crimes.
The Phantom Zone is shattered near Earth by the shockwave from the harmless detonation of a hydrogen bomb.
Had been launched by Superman after foiling a terrorists  plot to blow up Paris.
The three Kryptonian criminals are freed  finding themselves with super-powers granted by the yellow light of Earth s sun.
The three travel to the White House and force the President of the United States to surrender to Zod on behalf of the entire planet during an international television broadcast.
Zod recognizes Superman.
When the President pleads to save the Earth.
Superman come and kneel.
Lois becomes suspicious.
Clark is Superman and tries to lure him.
Clark manages to save her.
That night  Clark accidentally falls   Clark is forced to admit.
When trying to recover Lois  fallen hairbrush.
When Lois discovers his hand is unburned.
He is Superman.
He takes her and shows her the traces of his past stored in the energy crystals of the Fortress.
Of which is the green crystal that created the Fortress and opened Superman s contact.
Superman decides to transform himself  giving up his powers to become romantically closer to Lois despite the pleas of the artificial intelligence of his mother  Lara.
The two return to populated areas by automobile  and learn of Zod s conquest of the world.
Realizing  Clark decides to return to try to reverse the transformation.
Humanity can not fight Zod themselves.
Lex Luthor   finds and infiltrates the Fortress.
Who has escaped.
Superman and Lois arrive  learning to Jor-El and General Zod.
He offers to lead Zod in exchange for control of Australia.
The three Kryptonians form an alliance and go to the offices of the Daily Planet.
Where they abduct Lois.
Superman arrives.
Reversing the transformation process  and battles the three.
Zod realizes.
Superman cares  and takes advantage of this weakness by threatening bystanders.
To protect the city  Superman flies off.
Zod  Ursa  and Non pursue  carrying Lois and Luthor.
Zod declares.
Luthor has outlived his usefulness and plans to kill both him and Superman.
Superman tries to get Luthor to lure the three to depower them.
Luthor  eager to get back  reveals the chamber s secret to the villains.
Zod forces Superman to seemingly again undergo the process  only to realize too late.
Superman  fully expecting Luthor s treachery  had already altered the process to expose everyone to the red light  removing the Kryptonian criminals  powers while leaving his own intact.
Superman returns Luthor to the authorities and flies Lois to her home.
The following day  Clark kisses Lois  using his abilities to wipe her mind of her knowledge.
Clark and Superman are the same person.
Superman restores the damage done.
Superman promises the President to never again abandon his duty  and flies.
He replaces the flag.
<EOS>
The film is.
El Jaibo escapes juvenile jail and reunites.
He leads.
El Jaibo s gang attempts to rob a blind street musician.
They fail.
Later track him down  beat him  and destroy his instruments.
El Jaibo tracks down Julian  the youngster.
Who supposedly sent him.
El Jaibo puts his arm and hides a rock in it.
El Jaibo confronts Julian.
Who denies that he reported him.
Julian refuses to fight El Jaibo.
It would nt be a fair fight.
El Jaibo hits him.
Julian starts to walk away.
He then beats Julian and takes his money.
El Jaibo warns Pedro not to report the crime.
Pedro is an accomplice.
He shares Julian s money.
Pedro s mother resents her son s behavior  and shows signs.
She does nt even love him or care as a son.
Pedro is extremely saddened and vows to start behaving better.
He finds work to a blacksmith.
One day  El Jaibo comes to talk about their secret and  unbeknownst to Pedro  steals an expensive knife from the blacksmith s table.
Pedro is accused and sent to a juvenile rehabilitation program  the farm school.
Where he misbehaves  but is won over by the kindness of the principal.
Seems to owe a great deal.
Who steals it.
Pedro then tracks down El Jaibo and fights him.
The fight ends.
Pedro announces.
It was El Jaibo who killed Julian.
El Jaibo flees.
The blind man has heard the accusation and tells the police.
Pedro tracks El Jaibo down once again.
El Jaibo kills Pedro.
El Jaibo runs.
Fleeing. 
The police shoot and kill him.
El Jaibo tries to run away.
Meche and her grandfather find Pedro s body.
Not wanting to attract the police  they dump his body.
They pass Pedro s mother.
Who  though once unconcerned  is now searching for him.
<EOS>
A newspaper reporter returns to New York City.
He finds.
His old editor does nt like his new ideas.
Corey   go off to start his own smaller tabloid style newspaper.
Will feature the news before it happens.
Corey gambles and wins the money to start up his paper  the New York Mercury.
The paper is an instant success.
However.
May implicate the newspaper s silent partner.
His staff threatened and even shot.
Corey finally kills the mob boss and flees the country.
Is attempting a trans-Atlantic flight.
The plane crashes and the newspaper editor is killed.
<EOS>
Nancy Breyers is a defense lawyer.
Who is inexplicably.
Nancy sneaks a gun to Bosworth.
Bosworth and Nancy slip away.
Bosworth snaps a guard s neck.
Bosworth tears and leaves her behind.
Where she will tell authorities Bosworth held her during his escape.
He speeds off.
Their partner  the hulking  half-witted Albert  then changes cars.
Nancy has left in a remote location.
Needing a hideout  the three settle.
Nancy can catch up.
Who have two kids.
Their house For Sale sign is picked by Bosworth at random.
Tim and Nora are separated due with a younger woman.
But  the two find themselves the prisoners of the Bosworth brothers and Albert.
When he shows up trying to reconcile.
Nancy s innocent act does not fool FBI agent Brenda Chandler.
Who puts surveillance.
Nancy eventually cuts a deal to have charges against her reduced by betraying Bosworth.
A friend visits the house by chance  so Bosworth shoots him.
An anxiety-ridden Albert decides to go off  and is killed by FBI agents on a river bank.
The house is surrounded that night.
Wally is killed.
Bosworth holds a gun and is prepared to use it.
Tim interferes.
He is unaware.
Tim has removed the bullets.
Tim drags the criminal outside.
Where Bosworth ignores the FBI s order to surrender  and is fatally shot.
<EOS>
Caterina is the 13-year-old only child.
One character describes.
Iacovoni is a typically burned-out teacher.
Whom his job has imbued  with a sheer lack of perspective concerning human relations  and with an overbearing  holier-than-thou demeanor that is a major plot point throughout the movie.
He relocates his daughter Caterina and his timid  long-suffering wife Agata  Rome.
Finally secured a long-coveted teaching position.
The family settles.
Where he reconnects.
Caterina enrolls.
Settled. 
She immediately finds.
Herself pulled between two competing student cliques  a leftist bohemian contingent headed and a right-leaning group headed by Daniela Germano.
Both clique leaders come.
Margherita s mother is a noted intellectual and political writer.
Daniela s father is a government minister.
Who married.
Margherita instantly adopts Caterina.
The two girls attend rallies  visit graves  and listen to Nick Cave records.
Caterina eventually has a disagreement  and begins to gravitate toward Daniela s group.
Margherita kisses Caterina.
It s a bit ambiguous as.
Whether this is to imply sexuality or a pact.
She says  to never betray each other.
Daniela invites Caterina to join her.
Where Caterina observes a group to Daniela s father Manlio.
Who  it is heavily implied.
There is also a subtle implication  Caterina s father is trying to capitalize on his daughter s connections.
Giancarlo secretly gives Margherita a copy.
Caterina is friends.
Giancarlo pays a visit s office to solicit favors  after having become enraged on a talk show and a laughing stock.
Caterina becomes friends.
He was fired due.
Who was mocking his TV performance.
He slowly becomes more and more despondent.
Caterina then finds out.
Daniela and her friends do nt like her and tried to make her civilised  a disappointment which is compounded from Daniela s clique whom his grandmother forbids from seeing Caterina again.
She then lashes out and runs.
Only then taking comfort with her neighbor  a young Australian about her age.
He has been watching their family and describes them and.
She is his favorite character.
She then returns home.
Her family is still.
Her father  then  begins shouting about all.
Matters is tightly knit groups.
This is one.
Where Caterina s mother shows her stress and unhappiness.
Caterina s father remains.
He fixes it.
His newfound optimism is cut short.
He does.
It is a mere question.
They do -- a fact all the more surprising.
He had surmised Fabietto to be gay.
Unaware  Agata concedes but is unable.
Her husband is listening.
She wants to leave Giancarlo.
She does nt think he could make it.
Giancarlo then rides off on his motorcycle and is never heard of again   we like to think.
Phrased  he does nt bother our family more.
He s.
Caterina graduates middle school and is encouraged to apply to the conservatory of music.
Her young Australian friend explains.
He is going back because his parents are getting back together.
She then tells him.
If they ever meet again  she would like to be his girlfriend.
She abruptly kisses him  embarrassed she runs back.
The summer includes her playing.
The last shots are.
<EOS>
Broadway actress Myrtle Gordon rehearses for her latest play  about a woman unable to admit.
She is aging.
She begins to confront the personal and professional turmoils.
When she witnesses the death.
She faces.
<EOS>
Hans  a taxi driver lives.
His wife arranges a party.
When he is turning.
But as the guests gather.
Hans wanders off and does not attend the party.
Meanwhile his son is watching snuff videos.
Richy brings him a DVD.
Shows a woman almost being beaten.
Mistakenly his mother finds the DVD and takes it and wraps it.
He finds the DVD and is confronted.
Hans has eventually returned home that night.
He leaves the family and drives.
Where he pays a prostitute to get information.
He eventually finds her.
She is and takes her to his new home to take care of her.
The film finishes.
<EOS>
She decides to have a garage sale  pack and take her precocious son Tommy.
When Socorro  New Mexico  housewife Alice Hyatt s uncaring husband Donald is killed.
What s left.
Where she hopes to pursue the singing career she d abandoned when she married.
Their financial situation forces them to take temporary lodgings.
Where she finds work.
There she meets the considerably younger and seemingly available Ben.
Who uses his charm to lure her.
Ben mercilessly beats his wife.
Fearing  Alice and Tommy quickly leave town.
Having spent most.
She earned.
She can accumulate more cash.
She eventually bonds with her fellow servers -- independent  no-nonsense  outspoken Flo and quiet  timid  incompetent Vera and meets divorced local rancher David  is through Tommy.
Who soon realizes the way.
Still emotionally wounded.
She had.
She had.
However  she finds.
David is a good influence.
Alice and David warily fall.
Their relationship is threatened.
When Alice objects Tommy.
The two reconcile.
David offers to sell his ranch and move.
Alice can try to fulfill her childhood dream.
But Alice decides to stay in Tucson  coming to the conclusion.
She can become a singer anywhere.
<EOS>
A loner gunman named.
Maek is assigned to kidnap a police informant named Iht.
Maek has a change.
When he takes Iht.
Maek is ordered to kill Iht.
He refuses  turning the gun.
He only kills scum and has discovered that Iht is nt bad.
Who had hired him.
A gun battle ensues.
Which Maek is wounded.
Iht grabs Maek s gun and shoots their way out.
The two men then escape.
Maek tells Iht to leave.
He wo nt and takes Maek back.
There   Iht tends to Maek s wound and finds.
Himself attracted.
Maek is also attracted to Iht  but keeps it hidden.
Iht cares with great tenderness.
Iht kisses him.
Giving Maek a bath one day.
Maek reciprocates and the two men engage.
The next day  however  a conflicted Maek demands.
Iht go away and leave him alone.
Iht returns home  but is no longer interested in continuing a relationship with her.
Iht spends his days pining  and tracks down Maek s brother  Mhok  and their mother.
Mhok is HIV positive.
Their mother is dying.
Maek remains elusive  hiding  but leaving signs.
When he visits the hideout.
He s there so Iht will return.
Eventually he goes to visit his mother and brother.
Maek avoids making contact.
Iht corners him to the building  declaring his love for Maek and stressing.
Much he misses him.
They kiss passionately.
They are unfortunately covertly observed.
Maek s dream is to take his mother and brother away to the mountains of Mae Hong Son Province.
But  she commits suicide.
Maek s mother overhears that Mhok has prostituted himself to survive.
The brothers take her down.
She is killed.
They are rushing her.
The bullet is presumably intended.
Maek s former mobster employers are gunning.
Maek decides to hunt them down first.
He succeeds.
What Maek is doing.
He is too late and misses Maek.
Iht is injured.
When the capo s wife shoots.
Maek  meanwhile meets his brother to leave Bangkok for good.
But  he is apprehended and taken away.
He can board the train.
Mhok breaks down.
He s the sole witness.
Years pass.
Iht visits Maek and reveals.
He was left blind with Maek s.
Mhok commits suicide while.
He no longer has the energy to fight his disease.
Eventually  Maek is released.
Iht meets him.
But  Maek is shot dead.
The two men can leave to start their life together.
A bewildered  blind Iht collapses  swearing his love for him again and again.
Iht eventually regains his sight  and is finally able to view.
A video recorded himself many years before  admitting that all along  he had loved Iht and that he would love him to his last breath.
<EOS>
Sang-min and Jin-ah fall in love and get married.
Before long they come to realise.
They actually ca nt stand each other.
The resulting split is far.
Things come.
When Jin-ah refuses to return the pendulum.
Their petty squabbles degenerate threatening violence.
<EOS>
Sometime  mankind has achieved the capability of manned space flight and built a space station in orbit around the Earth  headed by Colonel Merritt.
Whose son  Barney  a Captain  is feeling a little homesick.
The space station s personnel have been at work constructing a giant spaceship to go to the moon.
A crew member becomes a victim of space fatigue after failing to connect a wire on time.
Later on   the space station is lightly damaged.
Colonel Merritt has taken his men.
Damages are soon repaired.
An inspector comes up from Earth and gives Merritt fresh orders from the president  not only is Merritt being promoted to General.
The so called moonship is going instead.
His close friend Sgt Mahoney is turned down.
General Merritt selects three men and an officer to go.
Merritt s son changes his mind  and volunteers for the mission.
Sgt Imoto expresses his view  explaining.
Japan   served as an example for a world becoming overpopulated and about to run out of valuable resources.
The Mars mission sets off.
The selected crew members watch a news broadcast wishing them farewell.
For the General to find that Sgt Mahoney stowed away.
En route  something goes wrong  so two men go out on a spacewalk to make repairs.
They manage to get the antenna working just.
The monitor shows an asteroid  twenty times bigger  coming at them from the stern.
Thanks  the ship manages to avoid a collision.
Meteors kill one of the spacewalking astronauts by puncturing an airline  leaving the crew to abandon him in space.
Eight months later   the general becomes increasingly disturbed.
The crew approaches Mars.
The space speed indicator approaches zero  he suddenly says.
We have nt the right.
His son  now the captain  struggles with him  wrenches his hand from the throttle  and brings the ship in to a rough but safe landing.
Later   they spot water leaking.
The crew takes their first steps.
Getting aboard quickly the captain discovers.
The saboteur is the general.
The two struggle and Captain Merritt fires his father s gun  killing the General.
Sgt.
Mahoney   threatens to have Captain Merritt confined.
Who d seen the last stages.
The crew discovers  apparently surprised  to reach the right orbital position.
Mars is inhospitable and that that it is going to be a severe struggle to survive it will take for Earth.
Like the child in Ruth Krauss s book The Carrot Seed  Japanese crew member Sgt.
Imoto plants a seed.
The crew celebrates Christmas glumly.
Wisecracking Brooklynite Sgt.
Siegle plays Christmas carols somberly.
The other actors chew the scenery.
Siegle complains.
They are.
Sgt.
Mahoney  The General was nt crazy  he was right.
Siegle  Baloney.
But it do nt operate.
Only God can make a tree.
Okay.
Imoto  yells Look.
Who has been staring out the window.
The seed Imoto planted sprouts into a tiny flower.
The launch date approaches.
The viewer infers   God is present.
Mars has water and can grow flowers.
Only God can make a tree.
God must intend to exploit not only the Earth but also Mars and the rest of the universe.
The joy.
Is  however  short.
The crew hear rumbling sounds and see rocks falling and cavities opening up  proving that Mars has underground water.
The ground sinks slightly.
It is leaning to make an emergency liftoff.
Though the ship does nt sink.
The crew then decides to try a more risky but desperate attempt to straighten up the ship  using the ship s motors to open up a new cavity.
Does work.
The ship lifts off.
The ground collapses.
The movie closes  Sgt.
Mahoney.
Who had threatened to accuse Capt.
The captain nods and adds.
Who conquered space.
The Irishman offers him a cup o  tea  the captains says thanks  the music rises.
The rocket glides off.
<EOS>
Betty Boop  auditioning bandleaders  discovers a cleaning woman.
Who resembles Betty Grable.
<EOS>
Thathwamasi is.
A police constable  an atheist   joins them.
Who is there.
Unexpected incidents transform their life forever.
Happen. 
<EOS>
Capital punishment is abolished.
A bunch of prisoners are taken to an island called Novaya Zemlya for the sake of an experiment.
<EOS>
A pair of permanently warped siblings attempts to fulfill their mother s dying wish.
They both become world class ventriloquists.
The son has nt said a word.
He watched his mother die.
Daughter is determined to make it by.
Whatever means possible.
They both come.
These days the balance has shifted in the dummy s favor.
Now   it s plain to see.
These twisted siblings embark.
Who s really here.
<EOS>
The film focuses.
The first of which is Dina  a college student.
Who entered the contest in order to earn independence.
Next is spoiled  rich socialite  Suzanne.
Whose every whim is attended.
She decided to sign up.
Thirdly  Bambi    Bambi is forced to settle.
Planning her 18th birthday party.
When she and her mother argue  since her once rich family can not afford the grand debut.
But  Bambi falls on her birthday cake   her frustrations over her current situation inspire her to join.
When she sees the pageant s TV spot.
Rounding up the group is Azenith  a.
Who plans to rig the contest.
The ladies later became the finalists.
En route they boarded catches fire.
The passengers scramble to evacuate.
The four women  Maria  Joshua and his boyfriend Ricardo  Umberto and Alfredo land.
<EOS>
Johnny  Govinda and Iqbal Ali are close friends.
Who live.
The threesome get together to help each other and other needy people and  hence  get in the bad books of a local gangster.
Who calls himself DK.
Tragedy strikes Govinda.
When his mom passes away.
Govinda is reunited with his dad  Advocate Verma.
Who has been missing.
Then a police inspector gets Johny to meet his biological mother  Mary.
The three friends rejoice.
Then Johny finds out.
Verma was behind the atrocities that were inflicted ago.
He goes to confront Verma  only to come.
Who can not believe his father is capable.
It is now up to find a solution to end the enmity between Govinda and Johny.
DK takes advantage.
<EOS>
Two Texas-based Border Patrol Agents  Logan and Wyatt  are tasked.
Wyatt believes will lead being forcibly retired.
They discover a Jeep buried  a high-powered rifle  and $ 800000 in cash.
Logan and Wyatt are planting a sensor.
Logan wants to use the money to finance their escape   they agree to put out the Jeep s license plate information to the Sheriff s department  and later discuss the matter with Sheriff Wells.
Wyatt is reluctant.
Who tells Logan his father Matt was a hero.
They take the money.
Logan trusts and learn the bills are legitimate but somewhat unusual  as many were circulated directly from the Federal Reserve in Dallas.
Before long  Federal agent Carson arrives  ostensibly to track the sensoring system and take control of the planned bust of a major drug trafficker.
However  Logan quickly dislikes and distrusts Carson   and.
Who talks way too much.
Who later appears to deliberately blow Wyatt s cover when the team members are moving in to arrest the trafficker.
Later on  Logan and Wyatt learn.
Their unlikable supervisor has been promoted  leaving Carson as temporary head of the station.
They then see an Army team taking custody and securing the area  and then drive to a nearby location and his trailer burnt down.
Where an old man was killed.
They figure out and are now missing  and find their vehicles and killed inside.
Two frenemy BP agents were.
Where the agents have been tortured.
Logan is ready to leave town.
Carson first sends him to see.
They can catch the trafficker.
Logan finds  and heads out to find the missing Wyatt  only to discover.
The site is being guarded.
He s been stabbed at a remote area with Logan s duty knife.
Logan is then shot and wounded and two of his agents  and are awaiting his death.
Other Federal agents have been tracking him.
However  Logan s wartime skills kick in.
He conceals himself enough to kill two.
Who are.
Logan confronts him and asks Why.
When Carson tries to get away.
Carson curses and raises his gun  leading Logan to kill Carson with six quickly spaced gunshots into his chest.
Logan returns.
Where he and Wyatt had stored the items they took  and holds up a rifle that he recognizes as the one that killed John F.
Kennedy.
Sheriff Wells has been tracking Logan as well  and shows up to confirm  and.
Michael Curtis  not Lee Harvey Oswald  assassinated JFK.
The U.
S.
Government  along  orchestrated the events of November 22 .
Wells tells Logan  but Curtis never showed up.
He was told to provide the money and papers so Curtis could enter Mexico.
Logan and Wyatt s discovery brought his nightmares back.
Logan expects Wells to kill him.
Wells instead tells Logan  otherwise he ll be gunned down.
He needs to take the $ 800000 and flee himself.
When he tries to present the truth.
Wells says.
He ll buy him some time until Carson s men arrive  saying Whatever happens should have happened years ago.
Logan pledges to return  Wells wryly says.
He ll let them know that.
Logan drives off.
The movie ends.
<EOS>
He was trying to ride  he decides to quit.
When longtime professional rodeo competitor Jeff McCloud is injured.
He hitchhikes.
Run down  it is the dream home.
It is.
They are painstakingly saving up the money to buy it as a cowhand.
Jeff gets a job.
Wes enters a local rodeo.
He decides to join the rodeo circuit.
When he does well.
Louise is wholeheartedly  but goes along.
She makes her husband promise to quit.
They have saved enough.
She becomes more and more disenchanted.
Louise becomes acquainted.
Jeff s friend Booker Davis   is now a crippled old man to show for his efforts.
A champion competitor himself.
Louise can no longer bear to watch her husband compete.
When Buster Burgess is gored and killed  leaving a bitter widow.
However  Wes is seduced.
He is winning.
He refuses to quit.
When they have enough.
Matters come.
When Babs invites Wes  and makes a play for him.
Louise fights back.
She pours a drink before leaving.
Jeff asks her.
She could love another man.
She is true.
Coming  Wes tells Jeff.
He is tired.
Jeff decides to go back  despite not being in shape.
He gains back Wes s respect.
Then   his foot gets stuck in the stirrup after a successful ride.
He is fatally injured.
Seeing this  Wes comes and quits.
<EOS>
The movie starts.
Later we learn.
It was actually a short skit created.
The three are discussing the result of their work and the story zooms in to the game again.
The game is.
Whose mother died.
Nami later receives the will.
States that she has inherited a large fortune.
The next day  an illustrator called.
Nami enter the workroom.
Toko thanks Nami praises Nami s work.
Nami then goes up stairs to meet Kohei.
Who is sleeping.
We then learn but they broke up.
Nami and Kohei used to be a couple.
Now Kohei is using Nami in the game.
They are developing.
The scene shifts.
Nami tells Kohei.
She was wondering why she was abandoned.
Kohei tells her.
Her mother died when she was born.
Her father could not have raised her alone.
Then they arrive.
Where Nami was born.
Nami tells Kohei.
Kohei records everything using his handicam.
The caretaker approaches them and hands Nami the house key.
Both enter the gate and Kohei notices.
The garden is full.
John s Wort.
Nami tells him that St.
John s Wort was the last word.
Who raised her and Kohei said that the meaning.
John Wort is revenge.
Kohei records every detail of the house with his handicam and notices a staircase and asks Nami.
Whether it is the same.
She saw.
Nami said.
It was not.
Kohei then admires paintings made.
We learn.
Actually he was Nami s father.
Nami later tries to unlock a door.
The key did not fit.
Then both go to explore the rooms.
Were connected.
Later  they find a portrait and then they moved to the kitchen.
Kohei then tells Nami.
She must have gotten her talent.
Nami stares.
When they return.
They suspect.
Both move upstairs and find a room full with porcelain dolls.
They enter another room and see a portrait.
Next was another room with a small table with playing cards on top of it and 2 chairs facing each other and a cupboard.
Nami checks the inside.
They left.
<EOS>
His home slated to be torn down  his business and his only daughter poised to leave the nest with her wealthy fiance  small-time Tel Aviv second hand store owner Lupo still finds the strength to keep his life  and his pride  together.
But  he finds himself the romantic target.
He fights overeager housing authorities and charms his daughter s future.
<EOS>
Released  John Bradley plans to live alone quietly in a cabin in the country.
Bursts a beautiful dishevelled woman in evening dress  Louise Loring.
Who has run away from her rich protector  Tony Robson.
He pursues her.
The sidekick shoots Bradley s dog.
Bradley knocks out the sidekick.
Robson reports this.
Who wants Bradley back.
Tipped off  Bradley and Loring flee to the New York flat of an old cellmate  Tommy Logan.
Traced  Bradley escapes with a bullet in his shoulder.
Loring goes back.
Who hires a creepy lawyer to defend her.
To worsen the case  Robson decides.
The sidekick should die in and expose his plot.
<EOS>
Border Troops  soldier Martin arrives.
He falls with a local girl  Renate.
Their relationship is opposed by her father.
Who promised her.
Martin discovers their plans and informs his superiors.
When Grabow plans to leave.
Zimmer was his friend.
<EOS>
The film Amen.
Examines the links.
The central character is Kurt Gerstein  a Waffen-SS officer employed  designing programs for the purification of water and the destruction of vermin.
He is shocked to learn.
The process he has developed to eradicate typhus   is now being used for killing Jews in extermination camps.
Gerstein attempts to notify Pope Pius XII  but is appalled by the lack of response he gets from the Catholic hierarchy.
The only person moved is Riccardo Fontana  a young Jesuit priest.
The character is fictional.
The character is historical.
The plot is fictional.
<EOS>
Five northern prisoners of war decide to escape in a rather unusual way - by hijacking a balloon.
The group eventually.
They name it Lincoln Island.
The five are able to sustain themselves on the island  producing fire  pottery  bricks  nitroglycerine  iron  a simple electric telegraph  and even a seaworthy ship.
They also manage to find their geographical location.
The mystery seems to come from periodic and inexplicable deus ex machinas  the unexplainable survival of Smith from his fall from the balloon  the mysterious rescue of his dog Top from a wild manatee  a box full of equipment  the finding of a message in the sea calling for help  and so on.
A crew arrives at the Lincoln Island to use it as their hideout.
The pirate ship is mysteriously destroyed by an explosion.
The pirates themselves are found dead.
The secret is revealed.
When it turns out to be Captain Nemo s hideout  and home harbour.
Captain Nemo had been the savior  providing them with equipment  sending a message about a fellow castaway  torpedoing the pirate ship and killing the pirates with an electric gun.
<EOS>
Induchoodan is a guest lecturer.
He is a revolutionary.
Who dreams equality and justice and is willing to take up arms.
Induchoodan and his group start an operation named ` Operation April  aimed at eliminating those.
Who exploit the tribal people and rape tribal women.
They plan to kill Chacko Muthallali  an estate owner.
Who has bad taste.
Induchoodan gets caught and is sentenced.
He comes out of jail.
The movie talks.
<EOS>
The Big Beginning starts.
He was.
He is chased by Crocker.
They both have special powers.
Then  he wishes.
He had a second movie  where he simply throws a ring.
He becomes Timmy Totter playing Poofer Scoop.
He chases Poof around  until Vicky appears and chases him  which is then interrupted by Jorgen.
He zaps away Timmy s fairies.
Timmy then falls in front of his house.
Timmy claims was just and walks inside his house.
However  his parents do nt seem to know.
Who he is  thinking him a street urchin.
Everyone thinks.
When Timmy goes.
He s a new kid.
Growing more and more confused  Timmy shouts his name.
An Eliminator bursts into the class.
Timmy manages to outrun the robot  before being grabbed into an alleyway by Jorgen.
Who calls him.
Is relieved a bazooka.
Someone actually knows him  but takes it back when Jorgen brings up.
He fires.
The Eliminator then gets up and reveals itself to have a vortex mouth  attempting to suck Timmy.
Jorgen is able to grab him and they escape.
The Eliminator crashes.
To maintain inconspicuousness  the Eliminator disguises itself  before summoning two more to assist in hunting down Timmy.
Jorgen tells Timmy.
All the fairies are safe.
He s turned all the fairies into gumballs and stuck them in a gumball machine in a truck stop bar.
A fat kid begins to buy the gumballs and chomps up Binky  then almost chomps.
Then Cosmo rescues her and Poof.
All the other fairies follow suit and hop.
Meanwhile  Jorgen takes Timmy before ending up right back they started.
Jorgen says.
When Timmy asks what they are looking.
It s the Cave where all his questions can be answered.
They are right next.
It so happens.
Entering the Cave  Timmy is shown the Cave Prophecy  depicting about the ancient fairies.
Fought the Darkness and its agents.
The fairies were able to drive away the Darkness.
But fearing  the strongest fairy warriors were sent to illuminate it.
It may come back.
Just recently  the Big Dipper Brigade vanished last night.
Jorgen had to wipe out any memory.
People would nt freak out.
He also had to wipe away any memory.
No one would say his name and give away his location.
However  Timmy is still confused.
This connects.
Jorgen explains.
The ancient fairies hide a powerful White Wand to drive back the Darkness.
It was assigned.
It also explains.
Someone is the Chosen One who must find The White Wand in the Rock sealed with a Kiss  which leads Jorgen to believe that it must be Timmy.
And more importantly  he points in the ground  meaning.
They know he is the Chosen One and worse.
Jorgen accidentally said his name out loud  drawing.
Jorgen tricks the Eliminators into thinking.
Timmy has been eliminated.
As soon  Timmy hopes.
The Eliminators are gone.
The other fairy warriors will be able to assist him  only to see all the stars go out.
E.
R.
F.
Claims. 
They turned off the stars to conserve energy  which everyone believes.
Timmy uses the Tooth Fairy s coin delivery system to return to Earth.
But a series have him labelled a quarter thief/statue smasher.
He manages to get back to find Cosmo  Wanda  and Poof.
His poor motorcycle skills cause him to become captured.
E.
R.
F.
They believe.
He is an alien due that he has no records on Earth  is nonexistent and that photographs have been taken of him being chased by the Eliminators on AJ s hoverbike.
Timmy steals the gadgets.
When they begin bragging.
Using the spy car  he links.
Its computer s to resume his search for the fairies.
The Eliminators  sitting  hear about Timmy s survival on the Convenient News Network and chase him to Vegas.
It so happens.
Where the fairies were located.
Timmy manages to find his fairy godfamily  but is dismayed to find.
Jorgen turned them.
Him being the Chosen One  they freak out  but laugh at the latter.
Cosmo then says Timmy s name out loud.
Causes the Eliminators to appear.
Luckily  Timmy is able to trap them with the spy car s gadgets.
Unfortunately.
E.
R.
F.
Have found him.
Timmy evades their freeze rays.
The latter is too concerned.
Freezes them.
Timmy then steals an airplane and ends up.
Where he finds out that Kiss is a group and that the white wand is one of their guitars that they have been guarding for centuries.
They do nt believe him.
When he tells them he is the Chosen One  telling him to say the Chosen One s creed  some ancient code  or something that shows that he is the Chosen One.
A frustrated Timmy says his name out loud  causing the Eliminators to appear.
Seeing  Kiss believes.
The Eliminators want to destroy him.
He is the Chosen One.
They quickly blast away two Eliminators  only.
Vaporizes their weapon.
Luckily  it is shaped.
An excited Poof gnaws on and breaks off  allowing Gene Simmons to melt down the Eliminator.
However  the melted puddle quickly reforms.
The fairies appear and use their gum forms to trap the Eliminators.
Unfortunately  the Darkness arrives and tries to swallow everyone.
Timmy plays the White Wand and starts forcing the Darkness back.
The Darkness then retreats.
It consumed.
Jorgen then falls  exclaiming.
Timmy succeeded.
Timmy gives his parents  Crocker and MERF a chance to enjoy the concert again.
Kiss suggests that they party.
It is moved.
Jorgen allows it.
He owes Timmy but says that he will erase all memory.
Shortly  announcing himself  takes Timmy s guitar.
A muscular looking man arrives who looks shockingly similar.
He acclaims that he is the one to defeat the Darkness.
Everyone just goes on to enjoy the concert.
He discovers that he is too late.
He feels.
As Timmy looks confidently.
His godfamily turn around and walk off.
Timmy is basking.
This segment begins.
He gained a video game  a movie  hordes and a statue of himself holding the White Wand  all in his honor.
He defeated the Darkness.
He proclaims  insists.
The Darkness is never coming back.
Though Turbo Thunder keeps.
The Darkness will return.
They will all regret rejecting him  but is ignored.
Meanwhile   life there is going on as usual.
However  their usual admiration is interrupted.
When meteors crash  carrying with them Eliminators.
King Gripullon and Queen Jipjorrulac try getting  only to accidentally launch them trying to prove to each other.
They can handle flying them.
Only Mark s pod remain.
They presume  Timmy Turner.
Their son is.
But  Mark has returned home.
It turns out.
His old one is malfunctioning and turning him.
But  the Darkness tears off the palace roof.
He could strap a new one on.
Grippulon places his son and tries making a grandstanding speech to him  only for the pod to be launched by Jipjorrulac.
He could finish.
Eliminators then crash in and suck them.
The head Eliminator  declaring  releases the.
The Chosen One will not escape them this time.
It consumes Yugopotamia.
Back  Timmy and his fairy godfamily are seeing a commercial for his biographical film.
However  he had tweaked the scripts to portray himself and kissing Trixie Tang.
Wanda becomes concerned.
The violence could negatively influence Poof.
Cosmo dismisses her concerns.
Poof displays.
He says that.
Many martial arts moves.
Wanda tries convincing Timmy to go home.
His parents are worried sick.
She quickly poofs him back home.
But it turns out  Timmy s parents have forgotten to bring him and leave without even thinking.
Timmy wants to go back.
Wanda poof up all the wieners and gifts they left behind.
They then hear Mark s scream.
They go outside to find the Yugopotamian pleading against the Darkness.
Timmy is the Chosen One.
Timmy tries correcting  but remembers.
He is nt truly the Chosen One.
He has nt told Mark that and asks why he s holding him tightly.
But Mark is revealed to be an Eliminator.
Who tries sucking him.
Timmy tries wishing the Eliminator away.
It snatches his fairies  wands.
They could.
Luckily  the real Mark s pod crashes.
They are able to confirm and eats dirty diapers.
It s him.
Mark then makes the same plea.
His impostor did.
Wanda asks.
Mark slaps.
Why would the Darkness destroy Yugopotamia but not the rest.
Cosmo guesses.
Perhaps the Darkness is only  because since he was the one to defeat it  the Darkness wants to take him out before going after the rest of the universe.
Realizing  Timmy says.
The Darkness is back.
They must go and find Turbo Thunder so that he could defeat the Darkness.
But they arrive too late.
Jorgen had banished Turbo Thunder.
Jorgen simply laughed  only to stop.
When Timmy says that the Darkness is coming back.
Thinking  they go back.
They missed an important part.
Jorgen insists.
There is nt a part  having the eyes of eagle  the speed of a puma  and the wisdom of a great horned owl.
Timmy corrects him.
There s a second wand.
The eyes hamper.
I still have the strength.
Cosmo also notices.
One depicts the Eliminators taking over Fairy World.
Outside  Cupid notices.
The streets are crowded.
But most are in fact Eliminators.
Who begin snatching up wands.
Jorgen senses the disturbance and says.
They must decipher Part.
Mark  finding  deciphers.
The cave drawings are amazingly written.
The second wand is located.
But the Eliminators  disguised  capture the fairies.
But  he and Mark escape back to Earth.
They could eliminate Timmy.
Timmy then attempts to enlist Mark to help him defeat the Darkness.
His friend has no interest.
He has to repeatedly save Timmy.
A chase sends back to Timmy  s house.
Where the roof is ripped off.
The Eliminator then gather  forming a large vortex.
Timmy manages to stop the Darkness and destroy the Eliminators.
He and Mark then rush off to find the latter s spaceship.
The Eliminators survive  however  and absorb the items Timmy threw  gaining roller skates and singing Get Timmy Turner to funk music coming from boom boxes in their torsos.
Meanwhile  the Eliminators have locked up all the fairies.
Also  they have Timmy s friends and loved ones locked up there too.
They think.
They are suffering.
But  they faint.
When they do.
Jorgen is optimistic.
Wanda cries.
Timmy is hurling to find the second wand and save them all.
Back  Timmy and Mark find.
That latter s spaceship is not.
Timmy figures.
The Eliminators have all his friends and love ones.
His enemies could help.
They go.
Who has built a huge telescope designed to find Fairy World.
Crocker agrees to help.
Timmy confesses.
Holding up  Crocker shows them the blue moon in the Veegon system.
He also unveils the Crocker Rocket to help them get there.
Mark asks  Crocker answers.
He could afford this.
He stole the funds.
He tries proving  but accidentally launches it.
It can get them.
Luckily  Timmy knows.
Where they can get a spaceship.
Word quickly spreads.
Dark Laser  angered  comes down to confront him.
Timmy would disclose his secret irritable bomb after he confided.
Timmy quickly ushers him up the ramp  stating.
They ll discuss the subject later.
Timmy says.
When Mark asks whether he thinks his enemies can take.
They are missing one person  Vicky  whom he lures.
To secure their help  he promises  Vicky twenty dollars and Dark Laser can destroy him.
Crocker could see his fairies.
When this whole crisis is over.
Back  Timmy s friends and family learn the truth about his fairies.
Angered  they get angry.
Timmy was nt considerate.
Wanda reasons that Timmy has risked his life.
Mr Turner asks and tries reminding them.
If Timmy could ve wished away his man-flab  Jorgen snaps that he could ve.
They must break out.
Unfortunately  an Eliminator hears him and marches up  Jorgen tries correcting his statement to say.
He s hungry.
The Eliminator offers chicken fingers.
Mr Turner declines.
Poof busts out and defeats the Eliminators with his martial arts skills  before setting everyone free.
Jorgen then declares.
They must now join forces  only to reminded that they do nt have wands.
Therefore  they all disguise themselves.
Eliminators to retrieve the wands.
But Jorgen is reminded once again.
They do nt know where Timmy is.
Dark Laser suggests they go.
There is no food.
Crocker panics  knowing.
It s the most coldest planet.
Arriving  they attempt to sit down for snacks.
Unfortunately  every other patron is an Eliminator.
They capture Vicky  Crocker and Dark Laser and add their weapons to their arsenal.
Timmy tries reasoning with them.
They want Turbo Thunder.
He then shakes the head Eliminator s hand  causing them all to malfunction and shut down.
Mark perceives.
He defeated them  though Timmy says that he simply was trying to be nice  to which Mark says works too.
Timmy then runs outside  proclaiming.
He is the Chosen One.
It is then.
The Darkness arrives.
Mark shouts.
What does that thing want.
Which the Darkness moans Timmy s name.
Luckily  they are saved  bringing them to Thunder World  his amusement park.
He plans to open once he defeats the Darkness.
But  Turbo Thunder insists.
When said black hole follows them.
Timmy tells him where the second wand is.
Timmy agrees  but only.
Turbo takes him and Mark.
But Turbo Thunder had lied  leaving Timmy and Mark to the mercy of the Darkness.
To save their lives  Mark swallows Timmy whole and stows away before take off  though unknown and unseen by Turbo Thunder.
They reach the Blue Moon and Mark regurgitates Timmy.
Timmy is just about to get the second wand and is revealed  thus Timmy passed the test.
He IS the true Chosen One because he refused to fight the guardian while Turbo Thunder did  only to be flicked away.
Unfortunately  the Darkness arrives and sucks.
The head Eliminator snatches the wand.
Meanwhile  Timmy s enemies are being carted off  still frozen.
They are freed and once informed of Timmy s whereabouts  he quickly poofs them to the blue moon of Veegon  and promises.
Where Timmy is taunted that no magic wand can stop them.
They will keep coming back than before.
Luckily  Timmy s friends and family arrive and successfully drives the Eliminators back.
Timmy is more than grateful.
They saved him.
Chester reminds Timmy.
The Darkness is still bearing down.
But an even bigger concern is  nothing happened.
When Timmy tries to use the second wand to force the Darkness away.
The Darkness then tries inhaling everyone.
Only Jorgen is the anchor  keeping everyone from being sucked in.
He asks Timmy to just say the word.
He ll poof them all away.
But Timmy knows.
No matter where he goes  the Darkness will follow him.
Mr Turner cries out.
What does it even wants.
The Darkness answers.
Realizing  Timmy climbs the rope.
The Darkness wants only him.
His friends and family made.
Where Trixie kisses Timmy before he willingly releases his grip and gets pulled into the Darkness.
The Darkness leaves.
Everyone is heartbroken.
Jorgen and the others firmly decide.
Since Timmy sacrificed himself to save them  it was now THEIR turn to save him  before he foolishly created a rocket ship using magic and then accidentally launched it away it first.
The scene then pans out.
The Darkness comes.
This is the first Fairly Odd Parents episode or movie.
The third part opens.
The scene then cuts.
Where he wakes up  thinking that the whole affair was a dream.
However  his fairies claim.
He used his Chosen One powers to make it explode  after which Jorgen erased everyone else s memories.
Timmy awakens inside again and begins a new day at school with everyone s memories of.
What happened.
It turns out to be a terrible day  so he wishes to start the day over ever.
But  a trio burst through the wall.
He could kiss Trixie.
Timmy attempts to leap to find out.
The Eliminators are Jorgen  Wanda and Cosmo.
Timmy is still inside the Darkness  using an illusion to keep him distracted from fulfilling his Chosen One destiny.
He tries denying it.
Trixie turns.
Timmy is able to escape the Darkness.
The Darkness now wants Timmy safely back.
The Eliminator destroyed.
First chased him is still set.
Refusing any disobedience  the Darkness orders.
The head Eliminator to return.
The latter refuses and attempts to rebel  only to be destroyed.
Nonetheless   he reassembles himself and takes off to face Timmy.
He is destroyed and sent plummeting.
Back  Timmy reunites with his family and friends in the Timmy Cave beneath his house.
They relay.
What has happened so far.
He not only absorbs Jorgen s wand and sends Timmy s friends and family  but pursues Timmy all the way to the Dimmsdale Mall.
Cosmo  enraged  transforms.
He openly attacked them.
He stupidly made.
Though he had the advantage now.
Their magic wands vanish.
But  the Eliminator was targeted from MERF.
He can finish Timmy.
He managed to absorb a high number  taking a massive change in appearance.
The Eliminator uses.
Its new found magical powers to completely solidify the Earth and change all the humans into his robotic henchmen as Timmy and his fairies escape in a MERF escape probe.
The Eliminator then decides to call himself the Destructinator.
Jorgen   escapes becoming a robot  but realizes.
Who was granted rocket gluts.
He has no magic.
Timmy and his fairies return to retrieve the second wand and run into a weakened Turbo Thunder.
He then reveals the true reason.
The second wand did nothing when Timmy used it.
It s true purpose was to light the way.
It was then revealed that.
It revealed the final part.
Where Timmy would have to find a third and final wand  hidden.
Turbo Thunder reveals  but.
He was the original Chosen One  picked.
Timmy had to fill in  he apologizes and admits.
Timmy is the new chosen one.
He also tells them.
He tried out to become the chosen one to take revenge because it destroyed his home world of Wonder World and took his family from him.
Turbo Thunder tries to train Timmy but Timmy s unable to keep up powered teacher.
Thus  Turbo Thunder transfers his powers.
Who dubs himself Turbo Timmy  knowing he was the only hope.
The group returns and frees the fairies by giving them wands from the hidden ruins below the moon and fight back the remaining Eliminators.
Timmy then returns to face the Destructinator as the Darkness catches word.
Timmy has returned.
Jorgen  poorly disguised as robot  walks up to the robotic MERF agents to ask.
What s happening.
The Destructinator then comes down and grabs him  stating.
He s filling Earth with enough explosives that will destroy the Darkness at its one weak spot  its heart.
He then proceeds to play around  giving Jorgen giants ears  before having him strapped to a chair to witness the explosive-stuffed Earth destroy both the Darkness and Timmy.
Jorgen points out.
The MERF agents gives the Destructinator the detonator.
He can not blow up the Chosen One or the Darkness when they re not here.
He is soon prove wrong.
When both arrive on Earth.
The Destructinator quickly captures Timmy.
It is then.
Jorgen hears a thousand fairies raising their wands.
All the fairies restore the Earth to normal with their magic  as well as freeing Timmy and Jorgen.
But the Destructinator jumps in to remind them.
He s still standing.
Timmy walks up to mock his attempts and leads the Destructinator on a chase through space  as the fairies search the Earth for the ice wand.
But he soon makes the mistake.
The Destructinator then sends Timmy crashing.
He gloats that because  he now has magic and all the power in the universe.
Timmy adds  tricking the Destructinator.
He technically does nt.
All the weapons stuffed  causing him to grow larger  before he reveals to him that he snatched the detonator from him in space.
He then detonates the bombs  destroying the Destructinator once and.
The massive explosion also melts the ice and reveals the third and final wand.
Now   Timmy must now fulfill the prophecy and defeat the Darkness.
But just then  he realizes something.
It was first attacked  the Darkness was merely defending itself.
When the Darkness appeared.
It attacked them.
And it s.
Obsession was nt about conquering the universe  but because Timmy was the only one to never send anything harmful into it.
All the Darkness ever wanted.
Was a friend.
He uses his fairies magic to poof up more ice wands on every other planet  creating a giant smiling face of light.
When he activated the wand s powers and unleashed a powerful beam into the Darkness.
The Darkness has now become the Kindness and returns all of Timmy s captured friends and family  along with Mark and Turbo Thunder s parents.
They celebrate.
When KISS and the ancient fairy counselors surprisingly appear after Timmy defeated the Darkness.
Timmy and Trixie attempt to kiss.
Jorgen interrupts them and tells Timmy.
He s erasing everyone s memories.
Timmy figured  but was relieved.
Would happen.
He would nt have to find anymore wands.
But   a red fourth wand appeared.
The prophecy showed Timmy.
But  it s revealed.
Cosmo drew it before saying Just kidding.
<EOS>
The narcissistic  manipulative actress Madeline Ashton performs in Songbird -- an ill-conceived musical version of Sweet Bird of Youth by Tennessee Williams -- on Broadway.
Madeline invites her long-time rival Helen Sharp  an aspiring writer  backstage  along with her fiance  plastic surgeon Ernest Menville.
Ernest is visibly smitten.
Worries Helen  who has lost other men to Madeline.
He soon breaks off his engagement and weds Madeline.
Ernest reassures Helen there is nothing going.
Seven years later  Helen has been committed after becoming fixated upon Madeline.
Obese and depressed  Helen is encouraged to erase -LSB- Madeline.
Order to move on.
Helen feigns rehabilitation and is released  all the while plotting revenge.
Madeline continues to live well financially in Beverly Hills with Ernest.
The two are miserable.
Madeline s career is all but over.
Ernest is an alcoholic reduced.
Madeline rushes to a spa.
Where she regularly receives extensive facial treatments.
Understanding the urgency  the spa owner gives her the business card of Lisle von Rhoman  a woman.
Who specializes.
Madeline dismisses the spa owner s advice and returns home to prepare.
Madeline and Ernest attend the book-signing party and discover.
Helen is now thin and youthful looking.
Dumbfounded and depressed  Madeline goes to see her young lover but discovers.
He is spending the evening.
Dejected  Madeline re-discovers Lisle s business card and drives.
There  Lisle is revealed.
Who appears to be.
However  Lisle discloses her true age  and reveals to Madeline the secret of her beauty  a potion.
Promises eternal life and an ever-lasting youthful appearance.
Madeline purchases and drinks the potion and is returned.
However   Madeline must disappear from public life after ten years.
Order to keep the existence.
Lisle also warns Madeline to take good care.
Meanwhile  Helen has seduced Ernest and convinced him to kill Madeline  intending her and fake a drunk-driving accident.
Will then free Ernest and allow him to wed Helen.
However   she and Ernest have an argument.
When Madeline returns home.
Which Madeline falls down the stairs and breaks her neck.
Believing Madeline to be dead  Ernest phones Helen  not noticing.
Madeline slowly stands and approaches him now twisted backwards.
Horrified  Ernest assumes.
She has a seriously dislocated neck and drives her.
Madeline is taken to the morgue due to her body having no pulse and a temperature below 80.
Ernest takes the sign of her resurrection as a miracle  returns home with Madeline and uses all his skills to repair the damage to her body.
Helen later arrives  demanding information about Madeline s situation.
Overhearing Helen and Ernest re-discussing their earlier plot to stage Madeline s death  Madeline confronts Helen and then shoots her with a double-barreled shotgun.
However   Helen does not die.
The blast causes a gaping basketball-sized hole.
She and Madeline both realize.
They drank the same potion.
The pair scheme to have Ernest also drink the potion is available to maintain their bodies.
Order to prevent him  but also to ensure he.
She makes an impassioned argument for immortality and offers to give him the potion free of charge.
Ernest refuses  stating.
He d rather live his own life and die rather than spend an eternity for company and no way to escape.
He pockets the potion and attempts to flee.
During his escape becomes trapped.
Helen and Madeline implore Ernest to drink the potion.
Order to survive the impending fall.
Ernest refuses  drops the potion  and seemingly falls.
However  Ernest survives the fall  crashing and landing in Lisle s pool  and escapes.
The pair realize.
Lisle effectively excommunicates Madeline and Helen.
They must now rely for the remainder of their lives.
Thirty-seven years later  Madeline and Helen attend Ernest s funeral.
Where he is eulogized.
The two realize Ernest accomplished much more.
They are ever likely in immortality.
The two bicker.
They leave Ernest s funeral.
Helen accidentally trips paint.
Walking. 
Madeline had earlier dropped  leaving her precariously teetering.
Helen grabs Madeline and the two tumble down the stairs  literally breaking to pieces.
They crash.
Helen sardonically asks Madeline  Do you remember.
Their disembodied heads roll and totter together.
Where you parked the car.
<EOS>
The film s plot   opens.
Develops as a flashback narrated.
What American film magazine Variety called a mad gallop   giving viewers a crash course in regional rivalries circa.
Erzsi continues to defy her aggressors.
She is beaten up.
Ipsilanti himself is shown to be not just a military commander  but also as a prince.
Jackel  p.
105 The two persons are the short and monocled Captain Dumitriu and his sophisticated wife.
Confronted  they find.
Themselves isolated  in rebellion against Romanian rule.
-LCB- -LCB- ro icon -RCB- -RCB- Silvana Silvestri  Noile harti ale infernului.
753  August 2004 Initially shocked  Von Debretsy  a mother of three  attempts to adapt her aristocratic lifestyle to the new requirements  but manages to make herself stand out.
When she continues to seek a life.
His wife preserves her sophistication  reading the works  playing the harpsichord  employing a nanny to educate her children  and comparing the surrounding landscape with Japan s Mount Fuji.
Petre Dumitriu is motivated.
Variety calls her.
She only manages to widen the gap between her and most other characters.
Bulgarian locals  taken by the military  are made to work on the garden.
Their labor brings immediate improvement  and  upset by their condition  Marie-Therese decides to pay them out of her own pocket  serves them tea and eventually befriends them.
Provided the original title.
They are all shown to be enjoying the salad.
However  the episode also renews tensions.
When she expresses her appreciation and attempts to intervene on their behalf.
The resulting toll means.
They are forced to leave Southern Dobruja.
The captain feels dishonored.
When an angry General Tchilibia draws a comparison and stresses that  as Hungarians  both women are natural suspects in Romania.
It is a result.
Dumitriu decides to commit suicide  unable to decide whether to shoot himself  and ultimately falling of the stool and weeping uncontrollably.
This episode  Simon points out  was not present  and was invented by Pintilie to underline the degradation.
His character undergoes in order to survive.
<EOS>
Eric Stanton  a down-on-his-luck drifter  gets pulled off a bus.
He does not have the $.
25 extra fare to take him.
He finds.
A greasy spoon called Pop s Eats  where Pop is worried because she has not shown up for work for days.
Ex-New York cop Mark Judd tells him not to worry.
Sure enough  the sultry Stella returns soon.
Stanton is attracted.
She is unimpressed.
Stanton cons his way.
To sleep.
Stanton talks his way.
It turns out.
No one is willing to buy tickets because influential local spinster Clara Mills disapproves.
Stanton gets through her inexperienced younger sister June and persuades them to attend the performance.
Madley puts to a large audience  ending the show by channeling Abraham Mills  the deceased father of Clara and June.
Using information secretly dug up Joe Ellis  Madley.
Brings up the sisters  financial problems.
The two leave the seance quite upset.
Meanwhile  Stanton gets to know Stella  watching her steal and go out with men.
Stanton falls with her.
She  however  makes it clear.
She wants a man who is willing to marry her and give her a home.
He is so obsessed.
He agrees.
To raise the money he needs to satisfy Stella  Eric romances and marries June  planning to divorce her as soon.
He can.
Clara   is unable to prevent their marriage.
Who has been burned.
However  Stanton can not stay away on his wedding night.
He goes to see Stella.
She has heard the news and has given up.
He explains his odd scheme.
He returns to his wife  she has fallen asleep  so he settles in for the night on the sofa.
The next day  Stella turns up dead.
Judd is asked to investigate.
He first tries to beat a confession out.
Atkins has an airtight alibi.
Stanton is also a strong suspect  having been seen quarreling shortly before her death.
Judd tells him not to leave town.
Stanton flees.
He tells her all.
June tells Stanton.
She loves him.
The next day  June is taken.
When she goes.
Stanton returns.
Where Judd is waiting.
Stanton proves.
Judd is the killer.
Judd found out.
Stella had agreed to marry someone else rather than wait.
Judd pulls out his gun  but Pop wrestles it away.
Judd is arrested.
Outside   he tells her  Home.
When June asks Stanton where they are going.
<EOS>
A struggling manager visits a hayseed town and discovers a new dance craze  the Twist and hopes to turn it.
<EOS>
The Boy Mir reveals this day-to-day life from a very close-up perspective.
The narrative is driven into his early teens.
When he will be expected to put his childish ways and begin the difficult process of becoming a man.
This is hard enough.
Mir has to face this challenge.
This is a unique portrayal of life  full of humour  full of poignancy  in today s Afghanistan.
The film tracks the life ten years life  from a naive 9-year-old to fully grown adult in one of the toughest places on earth Afghanistan.
The film begins.
When Mir   was living in a care by the recently destroyed Buddhas of Bamyan.
Mir s family moves back to their home in a small and remote village up north.
The film covers the day-to-day lives.
Mir changes.
Days pass.
He starts understanding the world and thus a little less happy.
He begins the real life and intends to become a teacher.
He give a hand to family members and grows wheat in the mountains.
He and his father always talk.
How good should he be doing and how much time should he spend working.
It becomes clear.
There is increasing call to help support what is an extremely poor family.
Mir turns his attention  however.
The film progresses.
Helping the family and having fun.
His ambition be a teacher or indeed president of Afghanistan changes  now he simply hopes not be killed in the fighting.
The film also shows.
Is the new Afghanistan changes.
<EOS>
An Englishman is wrongly accused to Australia.
He saves the life of a squatter s daughter.
When she falls overboard.
The girl s father gives him a job on his station.
The Englishman falls with the girl.
They get engaged to be married.
However he faces opposition.
Who causes trouble.
The climax involves a bushfire and ride.
Andrew Pike and Ross Cooper  Australian Film 1900-1977  A Guide Production  Melbourne  Oxford University Press  1998  p.
<EOS>
Gundamma is a rich widow.
Who has a daughter Saroja  and son Prabhakar and a step daughter Lakshmi.
Both the girls are beautiful and intelligent.
Saroja is a teen.
Spoiled whereas Lakshmi is treated as a servant in her own house.
Ramabhadraiah   is searching.
Who has two sons.
Gundamma is interested and sends a word through a middleman.
It happens.
He used to be a good friend.
She wants to overcome the obstacle by getting her married to a down-and-out guy.
She does nt have to get jeered.
Kanchu Gantaiah  Gundamma s manager and a cousin somehow wants Saroja to marry his son Bhupati and is.
Who happens to be a delinquent.
Meanwhile  Ramabhadraiah and his sons knew and decide to play a game to teach her a lesson.
Lakshmi will make a suitable match.
K. 
A. 
Anji and Saroja asks his sons to enact a drama to bring Gundamma and her overbearing daughter on track.
The first son enters Gundamma s house and wins her heart instantly and even a place in her house as a helping hand.
The second son Raja.
Who happens to be Saroja s friend.
The servant son   wins Lakshmi s heart and asks Gundamma for Lakshmi s hand in marriage.
Gundamma heeds.
She will never find a more obliging and humble fool who would ever be.
Anji marries Lakshmi.
Meanwhile  Gundamma is impressed and is making plans for the wedding.
However  she receives a letter.
He is no longer interested that Gundamma poisoned her husband to death.
Meanwhile Saroja wants to marry Raja Gundamma obliges.
Again after coerced that a son in law in her own house will not raise a voice and that she can relish the company of her beloved daughter even after her marriage.
Prabhakar is fascinated by Padma and wants to marry her.
Anji accommodates that.
It is not long.
Gundamma and Saroja realises that Raja is a drunkard and a thief.
Gundamma reverses her stance.
Happens though.
Raja intensifies his acting.
He is not Ramabhadraiah s real son.
Padma s paternal aunt Durgamma  a terror enters their household.
Gundamma s problems are starting.
The cat fights.
Ensue go out of control after a while.
Raja deserts Saroja and then writes a letter.
Saroja realises now  obliges and leaves Gundamma s house.
Gundamma is shattered.
Bhupati  just released from prison  torments her even more.
Thus Gundamma  is confined to the out house of her own house by Padma s boisterous aunt and Gantaiah s prison educated son.
Meanwhile  Anji also leaves the house.
It is a sweet turn.
When Anji places her.
She forgets her lifelong misery but still holds concern.
Saroja is introduced by Raja and is humiliated by Ramabhadraiah as a servant.
Saroja s conceit and arrogance break thus making her a well behaved wife.
Meanwhile Gundamma is transformed.
Lakshmi visits Gundamma and seeing her  evicts Durgamma and Bhupati with the help of Anji and brings Gundamma along to Ramabhadraiah s house.
Saroja leaving Ramabhadraiah s house in insult encounters Lakshmi.
Who reveals that they both are now Ramabhadraiah s daughters-in-law and that Raja being a drunkard and thief and the events that followed were all enacted by his sons  now their husbands.
Gundamma is happy to see.
Both are married into a good family and continues to live on with Ramabhadraiah s family.
<EOS>
Sailor Husky proposes marriage  in every port.
He ca nt swim  and is ready to be discharged.
He s always helping his pal Pete.
Pete would hate to see Husky leave.
Pete have to do all the work himself.
Husky s new girl is Myrtle.
Who goes  trolling for a well-heeled catch.
Pete tries to save his friend  but  is it only for himself.
<EOS>
Sang-hyun and Dong-hyun were born with two heads sharing one body.
Dong-hyun has the full control  except his brother s head.
Is attached.
The two can never look directly.
Their heads always face the opposite direction.
Dong-hyun looks normal.
Long as he wears his hoodie  which fully covers his brother s face.
The two live nearly 30 years with their father.
Who tells them not to go.
However  things change.
When their father brings Seung-ah  a bubbly  good-hearted young artist.
Peaches appear frequently.
Their young parents enjoy a date.
The twins were born.
Is. 
Where the young twins see their mother.
The tree and its fruits witness the history   it sees the twins  beginning  their loss  and their isolated dreams and experiences.
Before they are born.
<EOS>
A small town  aspiring  lyricist.
Shekhar comes.
He stays in a house.
Is owned.
The daughter falls in love with him.
He reciprocates the feelings too.
Meanwhile he meets the secretary.
The secretary buys his lyrics and passes it.
Who records the songs  which keep becoming a hit.
Getting frustrated he searches ways to get famous himself.
He meets a famous female singer  Aarti  liking his lyrics  sings and helps him get fame.
Who. 
The conflict arises.
When he comes to know that the Aarti also loves him.
The secretary takes advantage and tries to create a rift between Aarti and Shekhar.
That she sings.
Aarti is the one  Aarti finds out.
Who has helped him achieve whatever he wanted.
She has Cancer.
Clearing things  she then dies of the disease.
<EOS>
Sivakasi alias Muthappa is a.
Who works there.
He enjoys life and forgets the past.
He left behind.
He falls with a rich girl Hema.
Her family accepts him.
One day  he lashes out.
Hema yells.
Sivakasi gives her one slap and tells her.
He was not the way he currently is.
He tells her.
Muthappa was a good boy.
Who lived.
His elder brother Udayappa  tells him to get some fireworks.
Who was a crook even.
Muthappa obeys.
Udayappa lights the firework.
A woman stands and begins to burn.
She begs.
She feels.
His father interrogates his two sons.
Udayappa tells Muthappa to not tell.
It was him.
Muthappa is left.
Udayappa screams.
It was Muthappa.
Their father thrashes Muthappa and disowns him.
Muthappa is thrown out and leaves for Chennai.
Ashamed and no longer knowing  Muthappa decides to make friends and gains their respect.
Who he is.
Hema is shocked.
She never knew Muthappa s horrific past.
She tells him to go back home and then only she will marry him.
Sivakasi leaves and realizes.
Much has changed.
His father is now dead.
His brother  now a MLA  has gained notoriety  and treats his mother and younger sister very badly.
He decides to teach a lesson to Udayappa.
He does not reveal his true identity.
Udayappa also does not know.
Sivakasi is his brother.
His sister decides to contest against Udayappa.
The latter fights Sivakasi and throws him out of the village.
Sivakasi returns and continues to support his sister in the election by exposing the misdeeds of Udayappa.
His sister wins by a huge margin  Udayappa losing his deposit.
His mother-in-law   takes away his wife for losing the election.
Who was his mentor.
Udayappa is ruthlessly beaten up.
Udayappa  having terrorised the village people  now begs for someone to help him.
Sivakasi goes and kills all the goons except for the.
He reveals.
Who he is.
Udayappa begs.
They both embrace and reconcile.
Hema comes and informs everybody.
She and Sivakasi will marry.
Udayappa and the rest beat.
Sivakasi and the marriage takes place.
Everyone is proud embrace him as their hero.
<EOS>
Tintin  a young journalist  and his dog Snowy are browsing.
Tintin buys a model  but is then immediately accosted by the sinister Ivan Ivanovitch Sakharine.
The mysterious figure   without success.
Who both try to buy the model.
Tintin takes the ship home.
It is broken.
A parchment scroll slips out.
It breaks.
Snowy spots it but is unable to alert Tintin.
Meanwhile  incompetent detectives Thomson and Thompson are.
Tintin visits Sakharine.
Where he learns that there are two model ships.
Tintin puts the scroll  only to have his wallet stolen by Silk.
Later  Tintin is shot  then abducted by accomplices of Sakharine  and imprisoned on the SS Karaboudjan.
Tintin escapes and meets the ship s nominal captain  Haddock.
Haddock has been supplied by first mate Allan   and thus is permanently drunk  and unaware of the happenings on board his ship.
Who is working.
Tintin  Haddock  and Snowy eventually escape.
Sakharine sends a seaplane to find them.
The trio seize and use to fly.
They crash.
Dehydrated.
Suffering  Haddock hallucinates  and starts to remember stories about his ancestor  Sir Francis Haddock.
Who was captain during the 17th century.
Sir Francis  treasure-laden ship was attacked  led by the masked Red Rackham  and  after a fierce battle and eventual surrender  Sir Francis chose to sink the Unicorn  and most of the treasure  rather than allow it to fall into Rackham s hands.
It transpires.
There were three models  each containing a scroll.
Together  the scrolls will reveal the location.
The third model ship is  in the possession of the wealthy Omar Ben Salaad.
It is encased.
Sakharine s plan is to stage a concert.
Whose penetrating singing voice will be able to shatter the glass case.
Sakharine finally escapes with all three scrolls.
Tintin chases him back and arranges a police reception for him on the dockside.
Haddock and Sakharine   replay their ancestors  swashbuckling sword fight  using dockside cranes  swords  and even bottles.
Who is revealed to be the descendant.
Haddock is eventually victorious.
Sakharine is promptly arrested.
Tintin and Haddock find.
The indicated location is Marlinspike Hall  and that the hall had been built originally.
There   they find some of the treasure  and a clue to the location of the sunken Unicorn.
Both men agree to continue the adventure.
<EOS>
British military officers are in pursuit of a merciless team of Nazi saboteurs.
They searched.
War-Ravaged London eluded them.
Finally  the British caught up in a final battle at the RAF Control Centre.
<EOS>
Kevin Flynn is a software engineer formerly employed.
He had been fired.
Who had stolen several video games designed to gain a series of promotions.
Flynn attempts to obtain evidence  but is prevented by the Master Control Program  an artificial intelligence.
Controls the ENCOM mainframe and seeks control as well.
Dillinger attempts to stop the MCP.
It reveals its intentions to hack and gain control of the Pentagon and Kremlin.
He s blackmailed.
Threatens to reveal his plagiarism of Flynn s games  which are hugely successful.
Visited.
Who warn him that Dillinger knows and has tightened security.
There  he forges a higher security clearance.
Would monitor communications  whereupon the MCP uses an experimental laser to transfer Flynn into the ENCOM mainframe.
Computer programs appear in the likeness of the human users.
Who created them  and wield an identity disc thrown at their enemies.
Here  the MCP and its second-in-command  Sark  seek control.
Programs resistant are forced to play in martial games.
Which the losers are destroyed.
Imprisoned  Flynn meets Tron and another program named Ram.
Together  they escape their prison.
Ram is mortally wounded and dies.
Flynn gradually discovers.
He is capable of manipulating the reality of the digital world.
Tron communicates with Bradley and receives instructions about.
To destroy the MCP.
Tron  Flynn  and another program named Yori board a solar sailer simulation to reach the MCP s core.
Sark s command ship destroys the sailer  capturing Flynn and Yori.
Sark leaves the command ship and orders its destruction.
Flynn keeps it intact.
Sark reaches the MCP s core  carrying captured programs.
Tron then confronts Sark.
The MCP attempts to consume the captives.
Tron critically damages Sark and attacks the MCP  whereupon the MCP raises a shield and re-empowers Sark against Tron  transferring all its powers to him.
Flynn kisses Yori and then to circumvent the MCP  Flynn leaps  distracting it long enough to reveal a gap in its shield.
Which Tron destroys it.
Input/output junctions are illuminated.
Programs begin to communicate.
Flynn is reconstructed.
A nearby printer produces the evidence.
Dillinger had plagiarized his creations.
Dillinger  entering his office  finds the proof broadcast and the MCP inactive.
Flynn takes his place.
Bradley and Baines remain his closest friends.
<EOS>
A nostalgic journey Bombay with its quiet  peaceful and scenic background  electric trams  and a unique taxi driver  Mangal.
Who is called Hero.
A driver  then drinks  listens to the seductive club dancer Sylvie  and then goes into a drunken stupor - and wakes up with a hangover.
Who drives a cab.
One day   Mangal comes.
Assisting another taxi driver.
Who is being molested.
Mangal gallantly rescues her  and attempts to take her.
The person she is looking has moved.
The next day  Mangal and the young woman  Mala  again attempt to seek Ratanlal  a music director.
The entire day is spent.
Mala lives.
She leaves him.
When Mala finds out.
He goes  but finds.
She has become a famous singer.
Will Mangal ever get a chance to tell.
<EOS>
An amibitious woman  Dominique  promotes the fortunes of her husband  George  by extracting money from George s family to finance his operations and seducing a prospective business partner.
But  she tries to kill him.
When George decides to leave her.
<EOS>
The film follows two young friends  Kiran  a Hindu  and Delilah  a Catholic  to young adulthood.
When they realize their love.
Kiran is asked to write love letters to Delilah for Rajan a teenage boy.
Who also has a long-standing crush.
Kiran does.
As it allows her to express her love without having to be ostracized by her family  friends and culture.
Eventually Delilah discovers the truth  and admits her mutual love to Kiran.
This begins a delicate love affair.
Their blossoming love affair is dampened severely.
When Rajan discovers Kiran and Delilah stealing a moment in the jungle.
He proceeds to inform Amma  Delilah s mother.
What he witnessed.
Amma confronts Delilah.
Who reveals her love.
Amma arranged Delilah s marriage with a suitor.
Who recently visited intent.
Delilah reluctantly consents.
<EOS>
Her proposal initially is met.
She eventually convinces ten women to participate.
They enlist one  an amateur photographer named Lawrence  to help them with the concept.
The head refuses to sanction the calendar.
Chris and Annie go to plead their case.
They are told.
The final decision rests.
The initial printing quickly sells out.
Before long the tiny village is bombarded.
The women are invited to appear with Jay Leno in Los Angeles.
Tensions arise.
There. 
All the publicity surrounding the calendar has taken a toll.
They lash out.
Annie accuses Chris.
Chris believes Annie welcomes the Mother Teresa-like status to which she s been elevated that allows her to cater.
All is resolved eventually.
The women return home to resume life.
It was before they removed their clothing.
<EOS>
A misanthropic voyeuristic tailor  Monsieur Hire  spies from across the street.
This takes place.
Monsieur Hire is hounded and is also eventually noticed by the object of his gaze  the young woman Alice.
Monsieur Hire propositions Alice to ditch her boyfriend Emile  and run off to his little home in Switzerland.
Where he promises to take care.
<EOS>
The program consists mostly.
A succession of men escort Ono over and over through a doorway  in another  John and Yoko lose each other on the Tittenhurst grounds  and go looking.
<EOS>
Edna Buxton is a steel heiress.
Who wants to be a singer and enters a local talent contest.
She plans to sing.
You ll Never Walk Alone.
Backstage  she meets a blues singer named Doris Shelley who is belting out The Blues Ai nt Nothin.
Doris advises Edna to follow her heart  so Edna sings Hey There instead and wins the contest.
She uses some  In Another World.
Record producer Joel Milner likes the demo but says.
He can not market a girl.
He becomes her agent  renames her Denise Waverly and invents a blue-collar persona.
Milner also reworks her song.
The song becomes a hit.
Denise moves and becomes a professional songwriter in the Brill Building.
She worries.
She will not be able to pen a follow-up In Another World.
Milner encourages her to look.
She meets fellow songwriter Howard Caszatt.
She becomes professionally and romantically involved with him.
She also meets Doris  an unsuccessful young singer  and persuades Milner to let Doris and her group audition.
Milner likes.
The group and the song Denise has written.
He renames them the Luminaries.
The group is a success.
Disc jockey John Murray credits Denise.
Denise and Howard write a song.
Denise then suggests.
She and Howard should write a wedding-themed song.
Howard refuses.
They get married and have a daughter.
When Denise reveals that she is pregnant.
However  Howard starts flirting.
Joel asks Cheryl and her husband Matthew to write a song.
The result becomes a hit.
Howard  annoyed  concedes.
Denise s instincts were right.
Then Joel asks Denise and Cheryl to collaborate.
Denise agrees.
Though she dislikes Cheryl.
She takes her child and tells Cheryl.
When she arrives home unexpectedly and finds Howard with another woman.
What has happened.
Cheryl comforts Denise and the two become friends.
Denise throws herself and becomes a highly successful songwriter.
Having broken up  she has a brief but unhappy affair with the married John Murray.
Ends when he moves to Chicago.
She learns  Cheryl convinces her to go.
She is pregnant.
Who safely performs an illegal abortion.
The Brill Building songwriting machine has become obsolete.
Milner tells Denise.
She should not be so sad  because she forced him to take chances he would have never had the courage to tackle alone.
He finally allows her to become a singer  and introduces her.
Denise initially hates Jay s music  but agrees to let him produce her.
She writes and sings God Give Me Strength.
She is delighted.
When he gives the song a skilful orchestral arrangement.
However  the record bombs  and Denise blames herself.
Denise and Jay become a couple and resettle at the height of the hippie movement.
Cheryl is songwriting.
She and Denise collaborate called.
Where the Action Is.
Jay is affectionate but also childlike  reclusive and a heavy drug user  and becomes increasingly paranoid.
He disapproves.
It s.
His bandmates distance themselves  leaving him to work alone in his studio.
He accuses Denise of stealing tapes from him.
Denise is distressed.
When it turns out that he threw the tapes in a fit of irritation and then forgot that he had done so.
He also takes his and her children and forgets to bring them home.
Jay  directionless and  wanders into the ocean and drowns.
Denise is.
Numbed  Denise retires with her family to a hippie commune in the mountains above Palm SpringsEbert  Roger.
Grace.
Chicago Sun-Times and adopts yet another.
Joel Milner visits Denise and takes her and her children out to dinner.
That night  he confronts her.
Denise s suppressed anger spills out.
She screams.
He is a fucking leech who exploited her.
He agrees.
The more he agrees the angrier.
She becomes  until he deliberately provokes her.
She strikes him and then collapses  grieving for Jay.
Milner consoles her.
The two are reconciled.
Denise is seen confidently recording and producing her first solo album Grace of My Heart with her extended family and friends in attendance.
<EOS>
The film opens.
Which DArtagnan rides up and ends up brawling with sword and fist with the patrons inside in his haste to approach a fair young stranger.
He morphs into modern day Ned Thacker.
Ned is born and raised by a mother.
Who passes along her love of DArtagnan and The Three Musketeers  despite his father s concern that it is not good for him.
Ned does get into trouble with his chivalrous attempts to help women.
Finally  Ned can stand it no more  he decides to leave dull Kansas.
DArtagnan is astride a somewhat less-than-noble steed  a present from his father for his departure from home.
Ned s father gives him the modern equivalent  a car.
He comes.
Driving. 
The road ahead has been washed away.
Unimpressed  Ned is quite taken with the lovely Park Avenue flapper Elsie Dodge.
Her mother  the third passenger  sees her only daughter s marriage to Vandeteer to their dire financial straits.
Vandeteer buys.
What he wants.
He wants Elsie.
She  however  loathes her suitor  she much prefers young Ned.
Ned comes up.
He takes the party.
There  Ned questions John Blabb.
Who works.
Blabb informs him.
Vandeteer already has three wives hidden away somewhere.
Meanwhile  Chin-de-dah  the Native American leader  is bored.
He decides to kidnap a white woman to be his wife.
He goes and selects Elsie as his target.
Ned is suspicious.
Vandeteer hires him.
Vandeteer and Elsie set out.
Ned uses the time to persuade Mrs Dodge.
Her daughter s happiness should take priority.
James Brown  a member.
Who knows and hates Vandeteer.
Ned shames him.
They reach the camp to free Elsie and Vandeteer  but remain in peril.
Vandeteer offers Ned $ 100000 to save his life  Ned makes.
Him put it.
Then they are lifted up the sheer cliff.
Brown wants to kill Vandeteer.
They are safe.
Who falsely incriminated him and stole his wife and children.
Vandeteer ends up clinging.
He writes a note exonerating Brown.
Ned persuades Brown to let Vandeteer live  and promises to split the reward.
Elsie kisses her rescuer.
They are alone.
<EOS>
She decides to find out its history.
When Rachel  a radio personality  discovers a Purple Heart.
She finds.
The medal belonged.
<EOS>
A sailor Aleksei comes back from the Black Sea Fleet to Moscow for a meeting with his waiting girlfriend and old classmates.
Unfortunately  he finds out.
His girlfriend is already married and has a child  and decides to spend the remaining time  a son of an oligarch Konstantin  beginner actor Artur and hip-hop artist Timati.
It appears.
When their lunch is coming.
No one has money to pay the bill.
The rapper is decided to exchange currency.
Will cause troubles.
Timati sets out  but runs against a nazi skinhead gang.
The former exchanger belongs.
Saving his own life  the hero hides s flat.
Where Ostap Bender-like swindler Dani.
Meanwhile  his friends can not wait anymore.
Artur is sent off.
He is allured and prepares for shooting  but misses the actor-bus and leaves with gastarbeiters to demolish the Rossiya Hotel.
He can exchange.
Konstantin hands to Aleksei.
He also fails and falls.
Despaired Konstantin raises noise in the restaurant  as a result.
He gets jailed.
The mates do not abandon a friend and rescue him from captivity.
<EOS>
An American pulp novelist  Mark Kendrick  meets his rich neighbors and is soon seduced by beautiful blonde Carol  the wife of the older Forrest.
Forrest is badly injured.
When his boat has an accident.
Carol throws him overboard.
Kendrick agrees.
When they plan to meet and live off her dead husband s money.
But  she secretly marries another old flame three weeks later and changes residences.
When the coroner calls the death an accident.
He angrily confronts her.
When Kendrick finds out.
She sneers.
She only used him and that there s nothing he could do.
Mark confesses  knowing.
Doing so would only mean a prison sentence.
<EOS>
Set as all of the series  Fu Manchu plots to freeze the world s oceans with a diabolical new device.
Fu Manchu takes over the governor s castle in Istanbul  to control the largest opium port in Anatolia  a fuel for his machine.
Has a massive Opium reserve.
He needs the help.
Whom he has imprisoned so kidnaps a doctor and his wife to give him a heart transplant.
Opposing him  is his arch-nemesis Nayland Smith and Dr Petrie.
<EOS>
Grace Beasley has been content as a housewife in Chicago.
One morning  Grace wins tickets by her favorite singer  Victor Fox.
Grace is ecstatic.
He tells her.
When she tells her husband  Max.
He is leaving her.
Grace has lunch  only to learn.
Grace s son  Andrew  has also walked out.
Grace attends Victor s concert  only to learn.
Victor has been delayed.
The concert will be rescheduled.
Heartbroken  Grace stops  only to hear.
The PA announces that Victor has been found murdered.
The crime is linked.
Maudy picks up Grace and   they visit the same bar.
Victor did just before he was killed.
The bartender shares Victor s last words  A life lived.
Fear is not much fun.
Inspired  Grace decides to attend Victor s funeral.
Grace has tea with Victor s family.
Who tell her that Victor s vale  Dirk Simpson  is spreading lies that he and Victor had been lovers.
Grace then meets Dirk.
Who reveals Victor.
Grace and Dirk develop a bond.
They plot to secretly change Victor s burial clothing.
He often wore.
Grace and Dirk then leave to track down the Cross Bow Killer.
Maudey contributes to the plot with a handgun.
The trio encounters a group of homeless people.
Who have also had friends murdered.
The police arrest Grace  Maudey  and Dirk.
They are bailed out.
Dirk eventually realizes.
The Cross Bow Killer targets anyone who sings.
Grace  Maudey  and Dirk return and meet the killer.
They flee and are trapped.
Dirk is wounded.
Maudey throws her cell phone.
He falls.
Grace tells Max.
She is no longer willing to base their marriage.
Max is not sure.
He can change.
He respects her decision.
They are lauded on Sally Jesse Raphael s talk show for having tracked down the killer.
Dirk announces.
He is turning Victor s home.
Maudey reports their new line.
A cell phone company is having her sponsor.
Max appears and asks Grace to sing for him.
Celebrity Barry Manilow walks and joins Grace in a song.
<EOS>
The House is a grocery shop.
Sits to the site of Festival Hall which is noisily under construction.
It is owned.
Lillian Lord runs the shop.
Henry is a British Railways train driver who has worked and who is just about to retire.
He is looking forward.
Their plans are disrupted.
He announces  due to begin.
He is overseeing work.
He explains and will be moved.
The Lord s shop and house will have to be demolished to allow a entrance route to be built assuring them that they will be financially compensated.
He expects this to settle the matter.
However  the Lords show reluctance to leave their house.
He is to move.
Filch goes away hoping either to buy them off eventually or to forcibly evict them.
Filch has underestimated.
Attached they are.
The Lords appeal to a serious of political figures including their councillor  mayor and MP.
They are eventually sent.
Who insists it must go ahead.
They are served.
Demolition is due to begin.
Filch expects them to leave now.
They are unmoved  declaring.
They would rather go than South Harrow.
The Lords turn at the urging of Cryil  their future.
When it becomes clear that their appeals are not working.
They begin barricading their house and preparing to fight the government s attempts to turn them out.
Filch demands they leave the house.
They refuse.
They are joined.
He begins a running commentary to the outside world.
Filch brings.
Who attempt to storm the shop  but are driven off.
Filch launches a prolonged siege.
The assault descends.
The Lords soon become a cause celebre.
Who are desperate to get work completed before the Festival begins.
The Lords situation begins to grow desperate.
They run out.
Arrives and announces.
As they are about to give.
The road will now go either side.
The film ends.
<EOS>
Phillip Sauvage is an American soldier suffering.
Sauvage snaps out just long enough to join Clarence Bowden  his former commanding officer  to work as a bodyguard for former World Heavyweight boxing champion and now successful businessman Wayne Barclay.
It appears -- Barclay himself.
The release has caused Barclay s worried sister Tamara to take pro-active action by hiring Bowden and Sauvage  as Singletery has made threats in the past about doing away with the one man responsible for his incarceration.
The first night does not go well for Sauvage and Bowden.
Bowden gets killed by a Hummer full of Uzi-carrying gangbangers sent by Singletery.
It is up to continue the fight.
Means bringing  and training some new recruits not of his choosing.
Intending to give back.
Taught him toughness.
Sauvage compose his team by hiring people from Barclay s gym.
But will they be enough to take down Singletery.
<EOS>
Japanese pirates terrorized the harbors of China for decades until General Chi Ching Kwong masterminded a naval task force to combat the invaders.
The oppressive Japanese government sends a contingent to assassinate the General in his palace.
His son discovers.
These killers have pledged their lives to eradicate his father.
Soon Ninja assassins are attacking the General s soldiers.
Order to get.
General Chi Ching Kwong sends his son.
Who owes the General a debt.
The old one informs the General s son.
When the son establishes contact.
His three pupils do not know each other s identity.
The General s son first meets up.
Who he quickly enlists.
Together they recruit the other student  a blacksmith named Tung Yen.
Chow Chun and Tung Yen are students  but do nt know each other.
Their philosophies cause them to fight playfully.
Finally  the contingent adds the missing component.
Several Ninjas have infiltrated the household disguised.
As General Chi Ching Kwong s son and his newfound allies return.
The General s son then assigns each  to catch any possible assassination attempts.
Chow Chun is assigned to assist  to watch over the staff.
He sees the lead cook load a deadly blade and try to deliver it to the General for dinner.
Chow Chun races out and faces off with the Ninja assassin.
General Chi Ching Kwong watches.
His dinner is interrupted.
Next  one turns out to be an assassin  and is discovered by Tung Yen and soundly trashed.
Mao Tin Yeung uses his wits to determine.
The recent hiring is indeed a female undercover Ninja.
She goes crazy.
When he confronts her.
He is forced to fight her.
The leader deploys a plan to kidnap the General s son to lure the General s bodyguards away from the palace.
Where he will be unprotected.
A band make off with the son  and hide him away in the nearby gardens.
Chow Chun  Tung Yen  and Mao Tin Yeung unite and attempt to rescue the General s son.
They are attacked by various bands of Ninja  including Tree Ninjas  Earth Ninjas  Sun Ninja s.
They finally fight their way  only to discover the General s son is the prisoner of the sword-wielding Shi Ping Wei.
<EOS>
Wing Commander Tim Mason is nearing the end  meaning.
He has flown nearly 90 missions.
Having twice volunteered to continue operational flying  Mason is keen to make it a round 90 ops.
He receives orders banning him.
When he is nearing the end.
Meanwhile  losses are.
Mounting and several raids are being seen  so that some of the members of his crews  Brown and The Brat Greeno among them  are thinking that there must be a jinx at work.
Soon.
The Brat is then caught sending unauthorised telegrams.
These turn out to be written  however  Mason reprimands Greeno for the lapse in security.
Greeno s aircraft fails to return from a raid.
Mason agrees to meet Pam.
Who has asked to see him.
To go.
He visits Brown s aircraft.
His crew prepare to take off.
The Lancaster shackles and injures one of the crew.
The large 4000 lb Cookie bomb that is part  slips from the bomb.
S.
Observer  Mac Baker  takes his place.
Mason decides to go as well to reassure the crew s worries.
The bomber takes off.
The mission is flown.
The Master Bomber is shot down  causing the remaining bombers to begin bombing inaccurately.
The target is being attacked.
Hearing and seeing this  Mason takes the Master Bomber s place.
The bombing becomes accurate again.
Listening-in  Mason s Commanding Officer  Logan hears Mason s voice and realises.
He s disobeyed orders and flown.
However  owing the raid   has been a success.
Could have been a failure.
Logan greets him at his aircraft.
Mason  along with Brown  and Greeno s Wife  Pam  take a taxi to Buckingham Palace to receive an award from King George VI  the so-called appointment in London.
<EOS>
Eliezer Shkolnik is a philologist.
Who researches the different versions and phrasings.
He and his son Uriel are both professors.
Uriel  a young charismatic academic  is extremely popular with the department s students and the general public  and is also recognized by the establishment.
When he is elected member.
The father   is a stubborn old-school purist in his research methods.
He is unpopular  unrecognized  and frustrated having gone unfulfilled  as a rival scholar  Prof.
Yehuda Grossman  published similar results.
Eliezer is also highly critical.
He considers them feather-light and superficial.
His greatest ambition is to be recognized.
He is bitterly disappointed every year.
When he does not win it.
His stubborn nature and lack have made him bitter and anti-social  and envious of his son s popularity.
Eliezer receives a phone call from the Minister of Education.
She tells Eliezer  and congratulates him.
He was elected this year s laureate.
The following day Uriel is summoned.
Uriel is told.
A grave error had occurred  and that it was he  not his father  who was elected laureate of the Israel Prize.
The committee wishes to discuss ways to correct the error.
Uriel objects  saying.
The revelation would devastate his father.
Uriel and the head  Eliezer s rival Professor Grossman  argue bitterly over the issue.
Uriel loses his temper and punches Grossman.
Regretting his outburst  Uriel relents  but asks.
He break the news personally.
The committee grants him that.
We here discover.
Not only has Uriel been submitting his father s name every year  but that Grossman has been vetoing it every time.
Eliezer never published anything significant in his career.
His only claim is being mentioned as a footnote in the work of a more famous scholar.
Uriel goes to break the news to his father  but finds him raising a toast to winning the prize with colleagues  a toast.
He reluctantly joins.
Unable to break the news  he once again meets  asking.
The prize be given to Eliezer nonetheless.
Grossman eventually relents  but.
Uriel would write the committee s recommendation.
Grossman would only sign it.
Two - himself would never be a candidate for the Israel Prize.
Uriel agrees.
Horrified. 
Uriel writes the recommendation text  debating its phrasing with himself  picking and choosing every word carefully  at the same time Eliezer  finally recognized  is interviewed by the newspaper Haaretz.
Which he denounces the scientific and academic validity.
Uriel initially takes the punch and keeps his secret.
When the interview is published.
Later  unable to endure the insult any longer  he whispers the secret  revealing the error.
Eliezer is dumbfounded by a word in the Israel Prize committee s recommendation.
He flees the television studio and returns.
He examines the word  cross-checking its published uses  and realizes.
The text must have actually been written.
He reconstructs his phone conversation with the Minister of Education  realizing.
She had addressed him only.
He concludes.
The minister thought she was talking.
Eliezer and Yehudit arrive at the Jerusalem International Convention Center to prepare for the ceremony  with each knowing  but not discussing it  Eliezer is excited but also highly stressed  and perhaps devastated.
Eliezer s prize is based.
The movie ends a moment.
The laureates are called.
It therefore remains unknown.
Eventually declined it.
<EOS>
Hairi Saiful Apek  is a loser.
Who lives.
He accidentally drinks coffee.
Working. 
Has been contaminated.
He soon finds himself doing the most insane things.
He turns and begs him to find the reason behind his strange antics.
Meanwhile  the people are constantly being infected by new strains of viruses.
The only cure seems to come only.
Hairi soon makes use as Cicakman.
When he saves Tania Fasha Sandha  Professor Klon s secretary  and also ends up falling for her.
However  he finds.
His powers are more.
<EOS>
The story follows the life.
He won the 1992 Cricket World Cup becoming a national hero.
He built a cancer hospital.
His mother died.
The movie also portrays.
He became the first Chancellor to the building of Namal University.
His inspirational life is portrayed from his historic 1992 World-Cup win for Pakistan until the present day.
<EOS>
The sequel continues.
They must kill Dragon Ma to take revenge.
Dragon Ma is transferred to be in charge of the district of Sai Wan.
The Superintendent  Chun  is thought to be staging his arrests.
Chun  however  has excellent record and the criminals he has been engaging are shot and killed  so there is no evidence.
Dragon Ma and his subordinates later meet Yesan and her cousin  Carina.
He later learns.
Carina is actually a member.
Dragon identifies himself  after realizing.
All has been taking bribes.
Ho  the only upright policeman around  tells them.
Other illegal businesses is the kingpin.
Dragon moves to confront Ow.
The police are cowardly and unwilling to risk their lives to bring in the gangster.
Dragon is forced to confront Tiger.
Ho  the one straight cop.
Where the policemen are badly outnumbered.
All the gangsters are sent to prison  inspiring.
The police to do a better job.
Dragon is then put he is throwing for his adopted daughter.
Chun corroborates to implicate Dragon in a theft of the Governor s diamond pendant.
Dragon is arrested.
Carina is kidnapped by agents of the Empress Dowager.
Who are working.
The Imperal Agents kidnap Carina and trap her at Yesan s house.
Yesan arrives.
Then Ma and Ho arrive  hiding there handcuffs  causing Yesan to think.
One is bisexual.
It appears like they are holding hands.
Li hides  but ends up threatened.
Ma and Ho go together.
The commisioner arrives.
They are.
He realizes.
He is filling up the vase.
The faucet is broken.
He gets sprayed on and gets wet.
Yesan hangs up his uniform.
When Ma and Ho sees the keys.
They break free and hide  losing the key to the handcuffs.
They see the Imperial Agents.
Then Yesan and the comissioner sit down to talk.
The Comissioner demonstrates.
To handcuff by handcuffing himself to the armchair.
Then he ca nt break free.
Then another person rings the doorbell.
It is Chun visiting Yesan.
The commisioner claims.
He ca nt be seen.
So he hides  resulting him to see Ma and Ho.
Yesan finally gets Chun to get out.
When Ma  Ho  Tung and Yesan defeat the Imperial agents.
Eventually the Imperial Agents are arrested  the revolutionary chief escapes.
Dragon is handcuffed.
That he can be brought.
Carina flees town.
We see.
Chun has arranged to be killed by a prison warden.
The pirates show up.
Who swore vengeance turn up and attack both Dragon and Chun  but are eventually driven off after the police.
Dragon is then handed over.
Who tied up and throws Dragon into the sea.
The revolutionaries save Dragon  and take him back above a medicine store.
They try to enlist Dragon to join their cause  but he refuses to actively help them  saying.
All is enforce the law and safeguard ordinary citizen s security.
He can do.
The head falls sick.
The pirates enter the medicine store to ask.
Dragon intervenes and offers to pay  causing the pirates to think much better of him.
The Imperial agents show up  and proceed to apprehend most  to gain possession of the black book.
Dragon helps Yessan and Miss Pak run off.
He beats up all of them with the help of the ax-wielding pirates.
The Police Commissioner arrives the arrest of Superintendent Chun  now fully aware Chun is trying to murder Dragon.
Chun tries to run.
A large bamboo-and-wood stage facade falls.
He is attempting to get back his moneybag.
Dragon   takes charge of the police and the area.
<EOS>
A Cincinnati college student breaks off his engagement.
He falls with a backwoods Kentucky girl he meets at a party.
She says.
She s.
He finds out.
She s 16 and married.
<EOS>
James Harg and his father work.
Is incompetently run.
Harg works on ideas for a revolutionary new manufacturing process for hard steel.
Harg uses some to develop his invention to a stage.
When his father is badly injured.
Where it can be tested.
It is a huge success and Harg patents his process.
He rises  before staging a coup to oust his former employer and take over the business himself.
<EOS>
Boy Willy and his friend Lymon travel to Pittsburgh.
Where he wishes his sister Berniece to give him the family s heirloom piano so that he can sell it to buy land.
The piano itself had at one time belonged.
Decades earlier  Berniece and Willy Boy s grandfather had   carved the black family s African tribal history and American slave history into the piano s surface.
His Uncle Doaker tells Willy.
When Boy Willy arrives.
Berniece wo nt part.
Berniece s boyfriend Avery and her Uncle Wining Boy also attempt to get Bernice to sell.
The piano would be.
<EOS>
Bugs Bunny mistakenly ends up  having yet again missed the left turn at Albuquerque.
Traveling from Warner Brothers.
He meets a young penguin being pursued.
There. 
Bugs sends the hunter but finds.
The penguin has grown attached.
Wanting to get back  Bugs distracts the penguin  then pushes him down a snowbank.
To see him land.
Bugs starts to resume his journey but is overcome and rescues the penguin.
Bugs grumbles.
Successful. 
He only has four days  only to learn from the penguin that  at the South Pole  the nights are six months long.
Figuring  Bugs dons top hat and tails and accompanies the penguin.
This means he can stretch his four-day vacation.
<EOS>
The film opens.
Isabelle Bolin attends.
Who is entranced.
Genevieve defies her scientist father Monsieur de Murcie to propose.
Who tells her that they can not marry.
Back home  Genevieve s father  jealous  accepts money from Schomburg to build an observatory better than Novalic s.
Schomburg then announces his intention de Murcie s daughter.
He is accused and is critically wounded by a blow to the head.
Jean aids a young woman being abused.
Schomburg accompanies Genevieve  but takes her back to her apartment and rapes her.
Martial detects.
The Lexell s Comet is.
Jean himself begins to predict a coming apocalypse  and claims.
The cataclysm has arrived to save the hearts.
Martial confides.
The comet will strike.
Martial and Genevieve listen.
Jean is taken.
Instruct Genevieve to abandon her worldly life and help Martial inaugurate a new World Government.
Jean s voice tells them.
They must marry and become the shepherd and shepherdess.
Genevieve sees a vision as Christ.
Schomburg invests heavily in armaments.
Martial goes and tells him.
The world will end.
Motivated to help  Werster deals and gives Martial money to buy a newspaper and a broadcast station.
Genevieve has remained single but helps to organize Radio Martial Novalic s broadcasts.
Martial s confederates jam official radio news  blocking warnings.
War mobilization is imminent.
Martial announces the coming end.
Stock markets plunge.
Schomburg continues to buy.
De Murcie and Schomburg accuse Novalic.
Using the Comet.
A government minister orders the exchanges closed and the arrest.
But Martial s agents learn with a hidden microphone.
The newspaper is confiscated.
The radio station destroyed.
Martial and Werster escape.
The government hides the truth.
Allows the stock market to recover.
Schomberg holds a party.
The very night Martial claims that the Comet will become visible.
Schomnberg tells gangsters.
He ll pay a million Francs if Martial and Werster are found dead.
Genevieve returns and joins Schomburg in the garden  the jealous Isabelle runs to warn Martial Novalic.
The comet comes into sight.
Isabelle helps Martial escape and learns.
War mobilization will soon be announced.
He and Werster rush to destroy the government s radio antenna.
Genvieve tips off Martial.
Schomburg and his killers are ascending.
Werster warns Genevieve to stay and uses a cutting torch to sever the elevator cable.
Genevieve had taken the elevator as well and is killed.
The world can now see the Lexell s Comet.
Radio Novalic resumes broadcasting.
Martial calls before the collision.
People begin to pray.
The comet looms larger.
Riots break out.
A thousand elite revelers bring musicians.
Monks carrying candles interrupt the orgy and lead the group.
Martial Novalic addresses the One World Congress.
Unanimously agrees to unite all governments.
The Lexell s Comet narrowly misses the earth.
Much has been reduced to rubble.
Life will go on.
<EOS>
Nisha  an accomplished architect is a reclusive.
This is  she accepts.
When Karan Saxena offers her employment.
Resembles Shashi a lot.
Only she knows that Karan  newly married.
She will do anything.
<EOS>
Ritu is.
The story follows the lives  Sunny Immatty  Sarath Varma  Varsha John.
The trio were almost inseparable  they grew up in the same neighborhood in their love  bonding and innocence.
They shared a dream.
Sarath leaves.
S.
To help his.
He also aspires to write a book some day.
But still he clings with his friends and wishes to reunite and work with them again.
So   he comes back to India and starts a small company with Varsha and Sunny to initiate an ambitious new project.
But he soon finds out  Varsha and Sunny s lifestyles and mindsets have changed.
Their strong bond has almost vanished.
Varsha flirts.
Sunny shows homosexual traits.
It deteriorate even more forms the crux.
Whether their friendship will return or will.
A time arrives.
When you face the ultimate question  Who are you.
Did the truth.
They found help them.
<EOS>
Shaun is a fourteen year old boy.
Who prefers to spend time at shopping centres in suburban Melbourne  rather than attending school.
Demoralised with unsupportive friends  an out of touch and patronising social worker  arguments with his mother and his father having been convicted for burglary  he finds.
There is little reason to be optimistic.
Shaun s life slowly begins to change.
When his father is released.
Hoping  he is disappointed.
They can now pursue a meaningful relationship.
When he finds his father is not reciprocal.
Ironically having once seen his father  Shaun eventually resolves to avoid the life.
His father has lived.
Not long  he decides   to leave his family and friends behind to start a new life in a home for disadvantaged adolescents.
His teenage sister gives birth.
<EOS>
The war has ended.
Soldier Christoffel no future and no money.
He does not know.
What to do.
He meets the devil.
He offers him a deal  Christoffel has cut the pockets always full  but he can not wash themselves for seven years  not the hair and nails.
He can sleep.
He will be devoted forever.
He does not comply.
Christoffel accepts the condition.
The future worries rid themselves.
Christoffel makes his way.
Soon  however  it is lonely.
The company shuns him.
He s dirty  unkempt and smell.
He finds only a place to stay.
He paid the debt  he thereby wins the heart of Catherine  the daughter of a goldsmith.
Christoffel do know and leaves her.
Finally he can wash away the devil himself and returns as a cultivated man back to her.
<EOS>
Nina Duane is a criminal lawyer.
Whose gender was professionally resented.
She wins acquittal  then defeats her in romancing the D.
A.
<EOS>
Bim/Bheem Singh  an Indian boy living  is sent to live with his aunt.
His father  a trade union leader  is shot to death during a wedding.
Bim is isolated and picked on by the black students because of his coolie heritage.
He is forced to stab one as a means of defence to make it home alive.
Tension builds.
This incident gets.
Bim kicked out.
He is forced to live a life to survive.
He moves.
Bim matures and becomes older.
Involved in a murder he flees back to his home place  the sugar cane belt.
Approaching one  he is able to take revenge on his father s killers and rise to prominence as a trade union representative for the Indian sugar-cane workers.
Tension is rife in the country.
The previous colonial regime is rumoured to be coming.
This causes resentment.
They feel that once the blacks have power they will be worse than the colonials were.
Bim s swift rise is tempered by loneliness and drunkenness.
Approached. 
When he is invited and is.
He rejects both the black leader and the people to stagger outside.
Then he ends his political and personal life by killing some men.
Who kidnapped his then girlfriend/helper Anna  ending the film in a scream.
<EOS>
Long ago a shadow loomed over the lonely village of Thena.
Eight village youths are stolen from their families to the capital of the Minos  Empire and placed in the underground labyrinth to be a sacrifice to the Minotaur  the Minoan god.
Theo  haunted in an earlier sacrifice  is convinced.
The beast is not a deity and that his love still lives.
His father Cyrnan  the village leader  tries to reason not to go.
Theo is driven and made his way in with seven other youths to be sacrificial lambs.
However  Theo intends to kill the Minotaur.
They are placed in the labyrinth by King Deucalion  with the youths slaughtered one by one by the Minotaur.
However  Theo is aided.
Who reveals that her mother gave herself to bestiality to create a living god  the Minotaur.
So does its appetite.
The Minotaur grows.
When it murdered Deucalion s brother  resulting to appease the Minotaur while ensuring Minos  survival.
Theo   discovers.
The labyrinth is connected.
Tyro tempts the Minotaur to crash  but is unsuccessful.
The Minotaur eats him alive.
Theo then tempts the Minotaur.
The Minotaur breaks his left horn  but continues to charge after Theo.
He scratches the walls and generates a spark  and dives.
Theo runs back.
Ignites the whole labyrinth.
Where Raphaella was waiting.
They emerge.
The flames die out.
The beast is still alive and attempts to charge again.
Theo takes the horn out.
Where the vent was  and just as the beast attempts to kill him  stabs the Minotaur and continues.
It hits a collapsed rock formation which impales the horn and finally kills it.
Once out  they find Deucalion from the explosions decimating the palace  ending the cycle of fantaism and starting a new age.
Raphaella smothers him.
<EOS>
Brothers Terry and Ian   were raised.
Who live.
Who runs a restaurant.
Who taught her sons to look up.
Both brothers decide to buy a sailboat.
They are given.
They decide to name it Cassandra s Dream.
Won the race in which Terry won the money to buy the boat.
Knowing nothing  they are unaware of the ominous antecedents of this name  the ancient prophetess Cassandra.
Whose prophecies went unheeded by those around her.
Ian crosses paths with beautiful actress Angela Stark.
Whom he falls.
The brothers  financial difficulties - Terry has a gambling problem  - lead them to ask.
Ian wishes to invest to finance a new life with Angela.
He agrees to help them  but asks  They must murder someone for him.
He admits.
He is about to go because of accusations coming from Martin Burns  a business partner who plans to testify against him  and asks his two nephews if they can help to get rid of him.
The two brothers agree.
They make a working zip gun  planning to burn it afterwards.
They wait in Burns  home  unexpectedly he is accompanied by a woman.
Panicked  they leave and agree to commit the murder the next day.
They succeed in carrying out the murder  and burn the gun.
Ian is content to move on.
If nothing happened.
Terry  high-strung  is consumed by guilt and begins abusing alcohol and pills.
This frightens his girlfriend   mentioning.
Who meets Ian to tell him.
Terry believes he has killed someone.
Terry s behavior begins to get out.
Ian goes.
Terry confides that he s thinking about turning himself in to the police.
Together  they agree.
To get rid.
Ian then plans during a trip on the boat.
However  Ian ca nt bring himself to kill his own brother and attacks him in a fit of rage.
Terry knocks Ian down the steps into the cabin  killing him.
The boat is later discovered adrift.
The audience learns.
Terry  who was already suicidal  snapped and drowned himself.
The last shot is  still in beautiful condition despite the tragedies.
It set.
<EOS>
The film starts Seven Pillars of Wisdom.
Is used  All men dream  but not equally.
Those was vanity.
Who dream in the day to find all.
But the dreamers are dangerous men.
They may act their dreams  and make it possible.
Feisal arrives to claim Syria for Arab rule after the break-up of the Ottoman Empire.
He is delayed.
Lawrence joins Feisal s negotiating staff to exclude the Arabs altogether.
Lawrence defends Feisal s claim by citing previous British offerings to Feisal s father in a secret letter  as well as their joint triumphant march into Damascus against the Turks.
Feisal s main demand is to be governed by Arabs.
France has a stake there  however  and has made previous colonial agreements.
Complicate matters.
 A Dangerous Man  Lawrence.
Nothing is Written.
Film Lawrence s newly gained popularity.
The wartime friendship is thereby strained.
Lawrence is called away.
Negotiations reach a peak.
He arrives too late to see his father alive  and must leave too soon to see him buried.
Lawrence is shown writing  Seven Pillars of Wisdom.
What would become his life s work.
The film suggests.
Lawrence favors relationships.
Ralph Fiennes plays Lawrence as hesitant  smiling  and completely alien to the world of women.
When forced to  knowing when to be hard.
<EOS>
A pandemic virus with a virus.
Has infected seemingly everyone except.
Turns them.
The movie is a loose parody.
Replacing the German Shepherd named hound  producer Skelding s actual pet.
Samantha is a lazy basset.
<EOS>
The plot was inspired by true events.
A prominent American businessman offered a reward of one million dollars to bring Adolf Hitler to justice  dead or alive.
Russell Hicks plays the part.
Who hires three gangster ex-convicts released.
The gangsters are played.
The three join the Royal Canadian Air Force to enter Germany and pose to gain access to Hitler  played by Robert Watson.
The gangsters quickly cut Hitler s hair and shave off his mustache.
SS soldiers try to break the door.
They fail to recognize their leader and drag all the men   outside to be shot.
When the SS manage to enter the room.
The quasi-comic tone turns dead serious at the end.
Bond makes a long patriotic speech.
<EOS>
A tomb robber steals precious artifacts  selling them to different archaeologists in America  unaware of the immortal woman.
Whose tomb he desecrated.
She comes to exact her revenge.
The film is based by Bram Stoker.
<EOS>
1960 Baltimore  juvenile delinquent Dawn Davenport  a regular troublemaker  receives a failing Geography grade and a sentence of writing lines for fighting  lying  cheating  and eating in class.
Morning  Dawn fails to get the cha-cha heel shoes.
She wants.
Dawn runs away from home and  while hitchhiking  gets picked up by Earl Peterson  a fat man driving an Edsel station wagon.
Peterson drives Davenport.
Where they have sex.
He tells her  Go fuck yourself.
When she later finds herself pregnant and demands money.
Divine had indeed done.
Dawn gives birth and works as a waitress  go-go dancer  hooker  and petty thief -- working the latter two jobs with delinquent friends Chicklette and Concetta through the mid.
1968  Taffy is now eight years old and driving her mother.
Dawn complains about the demands of motherhood.
They suggest she cheer herself up.
Who lives.
Dawn becomes a client at the Lipstick Beauty Salon  owned by Donald and Donna Dasher.
Dawn and Gator marry.
Five years later   their marriage is complicated by the fact.
Taffy  now fourteen years old  hates Gator.
She seeks solace.
Where the diabolical Dashers ask her to be a glamorous guinea pig.
Crime equals beauty.
Dawn performs several crimes including knocking her daughter unconscious with a chair after a fight.
Which a narcissistic Dawn happily poses.
Ida then bursts and disfigures her face with acid.
When Gator leaves to pursue work.
Dawn lands and though hideously disfigured  the Dashers and her other friends convince her.
She s pretty and discourage her.
Dawn returns to find her home redecorated by the Dashers.
Who ve kidnapped and confined Ida.
Dawn cuts off Ida s hand.
Taffy comes home and.
She reluctantly does.
Taffy finds her father living.
She stabs him.
He tries to sexually assault her.
Taffy returns home and announces.
She is joining the Hare Krishna movement.
Dawn warns her she will kill her.
She does.
Dawn  now provided by the Dashers  creates a nightclub act.
Night  Taffy appears after freeing Ida from the bird cage.
Taffy is now a Hare Krishna.
The Dashers and their minions cheer her.
Dawn performs her nightclub act.
Includes jumping and wallowing in a playpen filled with dead fish.
She revels  She then yells out .
Beauty is an art form born.
Who wants to be famous.
Several people are wounded.
Others are trampled.
Police allow the Dashers to leave.
Donald and Donna claim they are upright citizens caught.
Dawn flees but is soon arrested by the police.
The Dashers are granted total immunity by the judge in exchange for their testimony against her.
They claim to be shocked.
They engineered and encouraged it.
Ida testifies for kidnapping her and amputating her hand.
When actually the Dashers kidnapped Ida and told Dawn to cut off her hand.
The Dashers are seen paying Ida.
Dawn is found guilty and sentenced to die.
Dawn has a lesbian affair with another prisoner.
Dawn tells.
Her lover being executed will make her famous.
Indeed   she gives a speech   Dawn is immortalized.
When a delirious Dawn is strapped.
If she were winning an Oscar.
Her distorted face is shown with the end credits rolling over it.
<EOS>
Mertsi is an intelligent young Finnish soldier fighting.
Mertsi is shot in the head and sustains substantial brain damage.
Leaves him unable to cope.
Two  Eetvi and Ville  try to help him by getting him employed at their places of work.
That they can keep an eye.
But both jobs -- construction -- prove to be beyond Mertsi s current ability.
Ville tells Mertsi back home and speaks warmly about his companionship and his concern for the dog s well-being due to the overly long claws.
Mertsi decides to travel and take care of the dog by clipping his nails.
His trip to the village and his stay with the dog are marked by the kindness and compassion of complete strangers.
Who help Mertsi.
<EOS>
Youngster Vicky lives.
A lawyer shows up to speak about their father s old bungalow in the Uttaranchal hills.
Vicky arrives and discovers a secret cache behind one of the photographs.
And lies a replica of a map  made by his father.
Who was once killed unlocking a mystery.
Eventually some discover Vicky  and abduct him.
Vicky s mother visits the professor s first wife.
The professor s son is a forest officer in Uttaranchal.
Vicky s mother requests Veer s mother to seek Veer s assistance.
Vicky.
Thugs bring.
Veer drops in and rescues Vicky.
Bali is about to have Vicky executed.
Determined to obtain the map  Bali s men give chase to Vicky and Veer  the chase takes them through the dense jungles of Uttaranchal to the foothills of the Himalayas.
They rescue Riya.
Bali and his men capture Vicky and Veer.
Slaughter the pygmies.
Bali reveals.
The map describes the location  the armour and ear rings of the mythical warrior Karna.
This armour will make the wearer invincible and all powerful.
Vicky and Veer escape.
Vicky and Veer arrive.
To find that Bali has beaten them.
Endowed  the evil Bali easily overpowers Vicky and Veer and prepares to kill them.
Vicky and Veer exploit the flaw to defeat Bali and restore the armour.
They escape the temple  thus sealing it off forever.
It comes crashing down.
<EOS>
Ajith is Red  an orphan.
Who has since grown up to be the local don.
Naturally he possesses a heart.
He spends his time forcing schools to accept students and taking care of orphans.
When not bashing up bad guys.
Cheeni is his biggest enemy.
Red falls and helps her without her knowledge.
She too likes him but wants him to give up his life.
Meanwhile a reporter begins to serialise Red s story under the name Aadi.
It becomes quite the rage.
<EOS>
A few kids in the small  sleepy Southern town of Little Rock  discovered punk rock and the DIY ethic.
Drove it.
Little Rock s punk scene was composed almost entirely of junior high and High School kids.
They would book their own shows  start record labels  open record stores  play with national acts and formulate a collective set of ideals.
They released Towncraft  a compilation album and zine.
Documented their scene.
Towncraft focuses.
How it changed the lives and how the scene continues to thrive outside of the mainstream.
<EOS>
The movie is loosely based.
Had to be moved creating Lake Keystone.
There is a local legend.
Overturned. 
The gold is said to have rolled off the mountain pass.
Is now.
The writers updated the story to be.
Who witnessed the murder to be moved to the new bank building  just prior to the flooding of the town.
The guards supposed to transport the funds  rob the bank and murder its owner.
Will grows up and now works.
Hides the secrets.
Carl Bennett returns to collect the money.
Will learns.
He left.
<EOS>
The films starts.
Ichi returns to his hometown.
Where he hopes to resume a normal life.
However   Ichi tries to protect them  once again.
The yakuza start to take advantage.
<EOS>
Dan Hogan and his gang meet up at the Jackal s Ranch stage coach weigh station near the Mexican border.
Where Hogan s girlfriend Eleanor is to surreptitiously bring their stolen gold.
They encounter John Webb  a stranger.
They await her arrival.
Who had shot the man who was to be their guide and who himself wants half their gold.
Hogan agrees.
The group takes off close behind.
<EOS>
His best friend Esteban du Plantier is eaten.
Oceanographer and documentarian Steve Zissou is working.
Zissou describes.
Zissou is determined to document the shark s destruction.
The crew includes Pele dos Santos  a safety expert and Brazilian musician  and Klaus Daimler  the German.
Who sings David Bowie songs.
Who viewed Zissou and Esteban.
Minor crew members include.
Vikram Ray  a Sikh cameraman  described as a man born on the Ganges  Bobby Ogata  a frogman who is usually seen eating  Vladimir Wolodarsky  original score composer  Renzo Pietro  screen editor  and Anne-Marie Sakowitz  script girl  who is often topless.
Team Zissou also includes a pack from the fictional University of North Alaska.
Ned Plimpton is a polite Southern gentleman.
Whose mother has recently died.
He believes.
Zissou is his father.
Ned takes a break to join Zissou s crew.
They meet.
Ned agrees to support the new film.
No one else will finance the latest documentary.
A reporter  Jane Winslett-Richardson  comes to chronicle the voyage.
She is also pregnant.
A rivalry develops  both infatuated with Jane.
Klaus also is envious.
Zissou pays.
The Belafonte crew has to deal with an attack by pirates.
Sakowitz  along  jumps ship after the raid.
The interns receive incomplete grades.
Who leave.
The Belafonte crew launches a sneak attack to retrieve their money and rescue a bond company stooge  Bill Ubell.
Who had been hired.
They also discover and rescue Zissou s nemesis  Alistair Hennessey.
Hennessey is successful  suave  and rich  and was once married.
The ship s helicopter crashes  injuring Zissou and fatally injuring Ned.
Searching. 
A puzzled Eleanor reveals.
Zissou is actually sterile.
Therefore Ned could not have been his son.
Ned soon dies.
Zissou finally tracks down the shark but decides not to kill it.
Because. 
Not having any dynamite.
Viewing the shark finally validates an existence.
Zissou himself had feared might have become meaningless.
Eleanor is moved and falls in love with Zissou all over again.
The finished documentary is a hit.
Zissou wins an award  regaining respect worldwide.
<EOS>
The film is set.
The film begins over a campfire while being watched by a mysterious figure in the shadows.
She hears her husband scream and returns.
Mary is taking a walk.
She is then herself killed.
Several months later  six friends are hiking to enjoy the nature and to spend some time alone with their.
It s clear.
They progress deeper.
The killer is stalking them.
Gail hears a noise and sends her boyfriend to check out the disturbance.
They are both murdered.
Isolated. 
The next day  their friends find the couple s gear missing and assume.
They have turned back and gone home.
The boys decide to head to do some rock climbing while the girls suntan.
Meanwhile  the forest rangers Lester Tile and Joel get a phone call.
Joel heads.
Lester tells his partner a story.
The gypsy boy was covered  horribly disfigured and left for dead.
Joel discovers Gail s decomposing body and sets to find the killer.
Exploring. 
The killer attacks Skip and Greg  killing them both.
The teenagers are rock climbing.
Hearing the noise  Nancy and Bobbie put to investigate but are confronted by the killer.
The killer is revealed to be the gypsy boy.
Who has survived but has razor sharp claws.
They run.
Bobbie stumbles.
Is killed instantly.
Cornered  Nancy faces it alone.
Joel appears  shooting it.
He starts comforting Nancy.
The killer awakens and kills him.
We see.
The seasons change as many months go.
The final shot is.
Where we hear the crying.
<EOS>
Donald is a plumber fixing pipes.
Pluto happens to also be there trying to enjoy a juicy bone lunch.
It can be assumed.
No house owner is ever revealed.
Perhaps the pair are.
The cartoon revolves.
Causes mischief and mayhem.
<EOS>
The film tells the story.
Who has a limp.
Her rigid and controlled life is transformed.
When she meets a handsome stranger called Leigh Hartley.
Romance soon blossoms and for the very first time in her life Deborah feels happy.
This happiness does not last.
As she soon discovers Leigh has been lying about his life.
Leigh and his accomplices are planning to rob the antiques shop.
Where Deborah works.
They require her knowledge.
Order to pull the robbery off.
<EOS>
Duncombe is the UK Consul General.
He becomes a widower.
When his two sons  Andrew and Miles  are still young kids.
Andrew  the eldest  apparently reacts.
Miles constantly blames Andrew.
His brother valiantly takes.
Said blame as his personality is that  or at least that is what he tries to be.
The father  given his mandate  is often absent  both physically and emotionally  especially.
It will be.
Duncombe will acknowledge his mistakes when finding himself.
<EOS>
Eve  a young medical student is charged.
The patient  Don holds many secrets and disturbs Eve.
She believes.
Eve continues to investigate the murder.
Don s paranoia is out named Malachi.
She begins to question.
Whether Malachi exists when she is stalked or if her imagination and Don s craziness are affecting her judgement.
<EOS>
Rita Boyle  a liberal  free-spirited aspiring graphic designer  falls in love with and marries Peter Hoskins  the conservative employee of a Chicago publishing house.
Who earns a living.
The couple is approached by Julius  a lonely  elderly man.
Who requests permission to kiss the bride.
Their spirits switch places  leaving Peter inside his newly wed bride.
When he does.
Julius will agree to return by kissing Rita again.
Whether or not he can see and embrace the beautiful soul he loves.
<EOS>
Junior Creative is.
Can underlie the veneer.
Three junior creatives  co-workers and friends  all working but working separately.
You re an art school graduate.
You ve scored.
You ve landed a job.
Allows you to exercise your creative abilities  dress however you want  act and work with funny  interesting people who are creative like yourself.
You work on Newbury Street in Boston.
Sure  management can be a little uptight.
It s   youth is king.
Because they see the writing.
When it comes.
You re young.
The throne lies unguarded.
Junior Creative is.
It s also.
Can underlie even the glossiest.
Three junior creatives  co-workers and friends  all working but working separately.
Only the hippest will survive.
<EOS>
John Cardwell  a trombone player  is only one.
He tries unsuccessfully to gain an interview and audition.
Not to disappoint his daughter  Patricia  he tells her.
He has managed to get the job.
Patsy soon learns the truth  and also learns.
Her father  desperate  has used some of the cash in a Lady s evening bag he has found  to pay his debts.
The irrepressible and wilful Patsy seeks an interview.
Whose bag it was  and admits her father s actions.
Mrs Frost  a society matron and wife  lightheartedly offers to sponsor an orchestra of unemployed musicians.
Taking her  Patsy and her father recruit 100 musicians  rent a garage space and start to rehearse.
Realising  Mrs Frost flees.
Patsy took her seriously.
Mr Frost tells John and his friends.
He will not sponsor them.
They had supposed.
They can attract a well-recognised guest conductor to give them a ` name  and launch them.
Patsy  undaunted  sets out to recruit none other to be that conductor.
Stokowski definitely refuses --  he strongly suggests.
When Patsy sings as the orchestra is rehearsing Mozart s Alleluia  jubilate.
She seek professional voice training and eventual representation.
Patsy conveys the story to a newspaper music critic.
Stokowski will conduct an orchestra  and that John R.
Frost would broadcast the concert.
Frost protests his embarrassment.
When the story breaks.
They suggest.
Valuable publicity would result.
Frost immediately signs the one-hundred-man orchestra.
Patsy tries to tell them that Stokowski has not agreed.
Stokowski is astonished and offended.
Patsy enters Stokowski s palatial house surreptitiously  along.
She apologises  and insists.
He listen.
The conductor is so moved.
That he postpones a European tour and agrees.
The concert is a rousing success.
When Patsy  called to make a speech  instead agrees to sing the Brindisi from Verdi s opera La traviata.
<EOS>
The film takes place mainly.
Juliet makes a to-do list.
Includes - item 1 - to see Julie again.
Juliet tracks Julie down.
Day 1 sees the pair reconnect.
They spend the day together.
However   Juliet kisses Julie.
Surprised   Julie initially rejects Juliet.
However  the next day  Julie wo nt let her go.
When Juliet prepares to leave.
Day 2 sees Julie work.
Facing the prospect  Julie finally admits to having feelings for Juliet and eventually returns Juliet s affections.
<EOS>
George Kelly  dubbed Machine Gun in crime Flo Becker because of his obsession with that weapon  pulls off a bank robbery and eventually becomes Public Enemy Number One.
Discord grows.
Kelly  deathly afraid  is dominated and ridiculed by the tough-talking Flo.
A botched robbery causes one to lose an arm.
Kelly  goaded on  kidnaps the daughter of a wealthy businessman for ransom.
Fandango fingers him  but is killed by one of Kelly s gang.
The house is surrounded.
Kelly intends to surrender  if only to receive a more lenient sentence and avoid execution.
Flo again questions his nerve  whereupon Kelly slugs her  knocking her unconscious.
Both are taken away.
<EOS>
Uncle Feng  an experienced policeman  lives a quiet and beautiful life.
One day  the old lady living next door comes to ask him to go to return the body of her daughter  a stewardess killed by the police after being suspected of being a drug smuggler.
Feng finds.
The stewardess had actually been killed to Hong Kong.
She had been turned  and is being controlled by a Japanese magician for smuggling.
They finally find the location of the secret altar of the Japanese magician.
<EOS>
Norman Pitkin works but dreams of becoming a policeman like his late father.
The police reject his request to join the force but recruit him to work undercover.
Who looks just.
This man is a ladies  hairdresser.
Norman disguises himself to his salon.
Once inside   he manages to find the stolen goods  knock out the suspect  wrap him up in a curtain/wall rug  and bring him to justice.
He is offered a permanent place in the police and marries his love  the ex-girlfriend of the man.
He brought.
<EOS>
David seems to have everything.
He is smart  talented  funny  and popular.
He is best friends.
He seems to have it all together  yet  he seemingly is keeping emotional problems secret.
His personal academic expectations and those become overwhelming.
He takes a walk to the edge of a cliff overlooking the ocean.
Chris  playful  decides to sneak up on his friend.
David is not there.
When he emerges.
He has fallen.
Originally assumed to be a horrible accident  the situation changes.
When Chris receives a suicide note.
Chris and David s girlfriend  Lauren  want to hold some type.
A reluctant school decides  leaving the kids to memorialize their friend in their own way.
<EOS>
The film is based.
The titular character is Ambikapathy  the son of the Tamil poet Kambar.
Who is.
The king objects and insists on testing Ambikapathy s literary mettle before judging his worth.
The test is.
He should write and sing a hundred poems.
The poems should not have any reference.
Ambikapathi begins the test with a Kadavul Vaazhthu.
Amaravathi  mistakes the invocation and counts it as poem number one.
Who is keeping the count.
She thinks.
When he has sung only ninety nine Puram poems.
He has completed the task and signals him that hundred poems have been sung.
Declaring victory  Ambikapathy sings and thus fails the test.
He is executed.
<EOS>
Bertille is an old woman.
Who lives.
Her relatives reunite there.
She is.
They do nt take long to out their true intentions.
Are merely material.
Also  Bertille is afflicted.
Who has been for a decade.
<EOS>
The film chronicles Flanagan.
It explores various aspects through interviews and other personal footage depicting Flanagan  his partner Sheree Rose  and the Flanagan family.
SICK also features Flanagan s home movies  performance videos  and video diaries  as well as an excerpt by Nine Inch Nails.
Flanagan explains his use of BDSM for sexual gratification and also.
A therapeutic device to regain control from cystic fibrosis.
He discusses his conceptual  performance  and video art.
Often relates.
Flanagan also serves and meets with a young woman.
Who suffers and who visits him under the auspices of the Make-A-Wish Foundation.
SICK details Flanagan s lifelong struggle.
Flanagan had agreed to participate.
His death be included.
SICK DVD Commentary Track.
<EOS>
Gives his commanding officer and close friend  Colonel Brickley  headaches by ignoring the out-of-date rules of engagement formulated by Brigadier General M.
Gilbert.
Brickley recommends Hardin.
When Major General Mike McCready promotes Brickley to whip a new squadron.
McCready agrees.
Hardin strictly enforces the rules.
One  forbidding pilots to marry  irks his friend and wingman Captain Stu Hamilton.
Hamilton does not sign up for another one  instead going home to marry his sweetheart.
When his tour ends.
However  he returns  hoping to persuade Hardin to overlook his transgression.
Hardin refuses to let him back  but does weaken enough to let him fly one last mission.
Unfortunately  Hamilton is shot down and killed  he admits to Hardin over the radio to the ground.
He was distracted.
McCready decides.
He needs Hardin  but allows Hardin to finish his tour first.
His next mission is providing close air support.
His plane is hit.
<EOS>
The Masters are a motorcycle club.
They decide to cross the country to go bury him.
When one dies while testing his top fuel Harley.
Their craving for beer combined with lack of manners will disturb quite a few people.
Wherever they go.
<EOS>
A foppish English aristocrat secretly rescues people.
<EOS>
Thomas  Yann and Vincent have passed their tests  it says party time.
The aim is the low-lying forest in a disco Panorama.
They meet at a gas station acting suspiciously leaving the hitch-hiker Sebastien.
Whom they take about a psychopath who had escaped.
They got coming off the road and plunging into a deep ravine.
When this begins to show his nasty side.
The fatal crash is however hampered but still alive on the ground.
That the four men arrive  although injured  some seriously.
No reception  the next village several kilometers away  a mortally wounded friend  and probably a psychopathic killer in their group.
Has taken root beneath their feet a bit.
The men have to quickly discover.
Something very big.
Something that moves fast as the men on the earth.
And it prefers to eat men.
<EOS>
Milan is an 11-year-old boy.
Who dreams.
He finds peace  and imagines himself in that faraway place as a way to survive.
When his parents fight or take drugs  or when bullies pick in school.
<EOS>
The film tells the story Jayakrishnan and Vijayakrishnan.
Who quarrel over trivial matters  activities of local clubs etc.
Vijayakrishnan works.
So once he takes Jayakrishnan.
He should create certain problems.
Earlier Vijayakrishnan had saved and given shelter.
But that leads.
Things take.
When the villainous Uppa comes.
A new turn and Vijayakrishnan is even killed.
Jayakrishnan s love makes him begin from.
Where his brother had ended.
<EOS>
Venkat is care free guy  he is a smart youngster  he blackmail to tell their family and takes money.
Who looks.
He gets  there he sees a girl Madhumita.
He took money by blackmailing.
It is love.
Meanwhile his grandma gets hurt.
He takes her  an old women is admitted in the same room  later he finds out.
She is Madhumita s grandma.
He gets an opportunity to impress her  he pretends to save her grandma.
They both become good friends.
Venkat s close friend confesses him.
He is.
He thinks.
His friend is going to be engaged.
This prompts Venkat to play a spoilsport  he tries to break the engagement and also succeeds in beaking the engagement.
He realised and was getting engaged to her.
His friend is.
Venkat is shocked and is.
He ca nt tell the truth as they would hate him after knowing the truth.
He gets close  also Madhumita falls in love with him.
She overhears Venkat s friend telling him.
It was a good plan to break Adarsh and Madumita s sister s engagement.
Venkat sees Madhumita and tries to explain.
It was an misunderstanding.
She was not ready to listen.
Venkat then become a responsible person and joins his brother s office  he respects lovers and understands other s feeling.
He also manages to get Adarsh and Madhumita s sister together.
He then goes and explains to her and try to convince her  he tells her.
Everything was a misunderstanding.
He is changed person and has got a good job.
She understand.
His feeling s.
The film ends getting together.
<EOS>
Zoro is lured away by henchmen of his childhood friend Saga.
The Straw Hats encounter the young priestess Maya.
Luffy and Usopp get lost.
Meet Saga.
Saga s men attack Maya s village.
Zoro   takes three purple orbs from Maya.
None can touch.
Luffy fights Saga.
During the encounter falls  causing Usopp to jump after him.
Zoro returns to Saga in a well.
Luffy and Usopp find an underground tunnel system and explore it.
There they stumble and take them along.
That has taken control.
The remaining Straw Hats hear about the evil Seven-Star Sword.
The stolen orbs needed to seal the sword s power.
When Luffy and Usopp emerge.
The Straw Hats decide to help.
Zoro learns.
Saga is controlled and that Saga plans to make him the sword s first sacrifice.
They start a fight.
Which Zoro attempts to destroy the cursed blade.
Using the orbs  Maya performs a ritual to keep the sword s power.
Saga defeats Zoro  but  the ritual catches his attention.
He can kill him.
He hurries to interrupt it.
With the sword s power unfolding  Saga fights Luffy a second time.
The sword crumbles.
Its power is transferred.
Zoro appears  takes over  and defeats his old friend.
His mind is freed  the Straw Hats set sail for their next adventure.
<EOS>
Bugs is about to conduct The Warner Bros.
Symphony Orchestra fancily.
He starts to conduct  but is interrupted couching loudly.
When he finishes his elaborate preparation.
Bugs then holds out a sign saying Throw the bum out.
Other problems plague Bugs  conducting  notably a bothersome fly and some awkward cuffs.
Keep falling off.
Bugs acts an indigenous person being chased by American troops.
The fly then returns.
Bugs then loses his sanity and attempts to kill the fly  crashing.
He does so.
Bugs bows  hears only silence and crickets chirping.
The music comes.
Bugs looks around to see.
The crowd has gone  - coming.
He does hear some faint clapping.
Bugs bows.
The episode ends.
<EOS>
John Craig is an ageing British secret agent.
Is tasked.
Craig faces opposition hostile to Kaplan.
Craig s mission is complicated.
Is taken hostage.
<EOS>
A couple return.
Spirits to care.
They also seek revenge and try to prevent their house from being demolished.
<EOS>
John Lewis is a poorly paid and professionally frustrated Welsh librarian and occasional drama critic   and his long-suffering wife Jean.
Whose affections fluctuate.
Lewis is reluctant to apply  but is persuaded to do so.
When a better paid job becomes vacant.
Then he meets the obviously attractive Elizabeth Gruffydd-Williams  a designer and wife of a local councillor.
Liz offers to intercede in getting Lewis the job  and makes it clear.
She is attracted.
Lewis is easily seduced.
The couple never consummates their attraction.
Having been persuaded to leave the theatre s new production early  Lewis submits a bogus review to the local newspaper  but learns next morning.
The theatre burned down shortly after the play commenced.
Jean thus learns by encouraging her old flame Probert  a self-important literary character and dramatist.
Lewis also loses the friendship.
Who had a role.
He realises.
When Lewis is offered the better paid job.
Liz will now use and control him if he lets her.
Finally realising the price  he breaks off the affair and takes a job  in the hope.
He has paid.
This will keep him away.
Jean is not so sure.
He can resist them  and tags along to keep an eye.
<EOS>
The film concerns the playboy son.
She commits suicide.
He gets a village girl pregnant.
The playboy is later murdered.
<EOS>
Wallace and Wilder Foudroyant are brothers and pyrokinetics.
Where they accidentally killed a bum sleeping.
Wallace wants to debut his talents.
That they re grown up and estranged.
Wilder has a dull job and is a volunteer fireman.
The tension explodes.
When Wallace brings the carnival.
Unable to convince Wilder to forgo his Bingo-calling after a year of house arrest for inadvertent arson  Vida goes off with Wally.
They share a kiss.
Bursts. 
Returning home  Wilder discovers Vida and Wally about to make love.
His fire unit has extinguished the flames.
Wally and Wilder fight it out.
All three are jailed.
Wally and Vida are bailed out.
Wilder goes back to the Kwik Foto.
Vida stays.
Wally goads him.
Their climactic fight sets half the carnival s rides ablaze.
The denouement shows Vida and Wilder watching Wallace.
<EOS>
Gokulan Krishnan is a music loving man.
Who begins the movie.
The only Trademark is a mole.
He remembers.
Is situated next.
He then becomes determined.
His father arranges him to get married to a village girl Savithri.
Gokulan objects.
Savithri loves him.
Gokulan later sees his dream girl Swapna.
Where he spot the mole.
He then sings.
She leaves abruptly.
He later sees her.
He teaches.
Gokulan tries to stop the marriage in many failed attempts due to everyone in Savithri s family getting the wrong impression.
Swapna then arrives and is revealed.
They are sisters.
Neither knew.
They love the same man.
Gokulan then tells Savithri s father.
He does nt want the marriage which Swapna overhears.
Knowing  Swapna is determined to get Gokulan to forget her.
Much her sister loves him.
She has a blood clot.
Gokulan agrees to marry Savithri.
Vignesh is in love with Swapna and tries to get her to marry him.
He will kill her also.
Not. 
She said  Savithri lets Swapna marry him.
She will only marry Gokulan.
<EOS>
Gopalakrishna Pillai is a.
People misunderstand him to be.
We learn more.
The story moves along.
He is considered heartless.
He threw out his father when he was a teenager.
His mother hates him.
His brother hates him.
He does not let his brother pursue his dream and never gives him any freedom.
His main antagonists are Siddique and his younger brothers.
Kavya Madhavan assumes the role.
Who is seen to Gopalakrishna s money lending business.
It turns out.
Ramakrishna Pillai is.
He incurred and prompts the newlyweds to sleep separately.
Gopalakrishnan Pillai arranges the marriage forgetting the rivalry.
He becomes the most hated person of his brother and mother.
Frustrated  Ramakrishna Pillai leaves the house and joins his in-laws by saying.
His money-lending business is illegal.
Still that does nt work.
Ramakrishna Pillai accuses his brother.
He gives.
False information files a suite against him in court.
It is revealed by Gopalakrishna Pillai s advocate.
Gopalakrishna Pillai has kept his hard-earned wealth.
He was always hard.
To make him responsible.
It also is revealed.
His father was not thrown out  but committed suicide due to his debts.
The story ends happily.
The brothers reunite and everyone apologizes.
<EOS>
A young French historian  Napoleon Beranger  comes on a foreign scholarship.
He runs.
Driving his car.
He finds portraits of Napoleon Bonaparte and his great love Maria Walewska  a Polish aristocrat.
Who used her charms to convince the emperor to stand up.
Beranger meets there a beautiful woman  a student of art history by the same name of Maria Walewska.
The pair both notice the striking resemblance of each other to the historical figures  and as if by magic  move back into the Napoleonic period.
Where they play the roles.
They fall.
<EOS>
Siva is an investigative scribe.
Who shares a live-in relationship.
They have hot-headed run-ins and even hotter.
Things come.
When Madhu starts a restaurant.
Nosey and envious Siva ca nt take it.
This causes a split.
Fun starts.
The fantasy element appears.
Eventually they come together.
There is plenty.
Anbe Aaruyire features the memories.
These memories remind them and the inner love for each other.
Help. 
<EOS>
Billy Jenks leaves his small town to find success.
He settles.
He gets.
Their romance leads.
Billy is later arrested.
Billy tries to borrow money.
Who has died.
She left him $.
Her estate lawyers manage to find Billy.
The money is then stolen.
Who also tries to woo Phoebe.
Billy gets both back.
He and Phoebe then get married.
<EOS>
Bondanella  143 and Kezich  203  seven major episodes interrupted  and an epilogue.
The film can be divided.
They would form seven consecutive days.
The evenings were joined with the morning of the respective preceding episode together as a day.
May not necessarily be the case.
1st Day Sequence  A helicopter transports a statue over an ancient Roman aqueduct outside Rome.
A second  Marcello s news helicopter  follows it.
The news helicopter is momentarily sidetracked sunbathing on the rooftop of a high-rise apartment building.
Hovering above  Marcello uses gestures to elicit phone numbers but fails.
His attempt then shrugs and continues.
1st Night Sequence  Marcello meets Maddalena.
A beautiful and wealthy heiress  Maddelena is tired.
Marcello finds Rome suits him.
They make love to.
Whom they had given a ride home.
1st Dawn Sequence  Marcello returns.
His fiancee  Emma  has overdosed.
He declares his everlasting love to her and again.
She lies.
However  he tries to make a phone call.
Waiting frantically.
2nd Day Sequence  That day  he goes.
Where she is met.
Marcello calls home to ensure.
Emma has taken her medication while reassuring her that he is not alone.
Marcello casually recommends.
The film star confidently replies.
Sylvia be taken.
A news reporter complains.
Sylvia is an elevator because none can match her energetic climb up the numerous flights of stairs.
Inspired  Marcello maneuvers forward to be alone.
When they finally reach the balcony overlooking the Vatican.
2nd Night Sequence  That evening  the infatuated Marcello dances.
Sylvia s natural sensuality triggers raucous partying.
Robert  her bored fiance  reads a newspaper.
His humiliating remark Sylvia to leave the group  eagerly followed by Marcello and his paparazzi colleagues.
Finding themselves alone  Marcello and Sylvia spend the rest.
Where they wade.
2nd Dawn Sequence.
Has suddenly been broken.
Sylvia playfully anoints Marcello s head.
They drive back.
Robert slaps Sylvia  orders  and then assaults Marcello.
Her to go.
Who takes it.
3rd Day Sequence  Marcello meets Steiner  his distinguished intellectual friend.
Steiner shows off his book.
4th Day Sequence  Late afternoon  Marcello  his photographer friend Paparazzo  and Emma drive to cover the story of the purported sighting of the Madonna by two children.
A huge crowd gathers at the site.
The Catholic Church is officially skeptical.
3rd Night Sequence  That night  the event is broadcast.
Blindly following the two children to corner in a downpour  the crowd tears a small tree apart for its branches and leaves said to have sheltered the Madonna.
Meanwhile  Emma prays to be given sole possession of Marcello s heart.
3rd Dawn Sequence  The gathering ends  a pilgrim brought by his mother to be healed  but trampled to death in the melee.
4th Night Sequence  One evening  Marcello and Emma attend a gathering.
Where they are introduced.
Marcello responds.
One declares it better not to get married so that one does not need to choose.
It is better to be chosen than to choose.
Emma appears enchanted  telling Marcello.
One day he will have a home.
Marcello confesses to Steiner his admiration for all.
He stands.
Steiner admits.
He is torn that a materialistic life affords and his longing for a more spiritual albeit insecure way of life.
Steiner philosophizes.
What his children may grow up to face one day.
5th Day Sequence  Marcello spends the afternoon working at a seaside restaurant.
Where he meets Paola  a young waitress playing Perez Prado s cha-cha Patricia on the jukebox and then humming its tune.
He asks her.
She has a boyfriend  then describes her.
5th Night Sequence  Marcello meets his father visiting Rome.
They go to the Cha-Cha-Cha Club.
Where Marcello introduces his father.
Fanny takes a liking.
Marcello tells Paparazzo.
He had never seen much of his father  who would spend weeks away from home.
Fanny invites Marcello s father back.
Two other dancers invite the two younger men.
To go.
Marcello leaves the others.
When they get.
Fanny comes out  upset.
Marcello s father has gotten ill.
4th Dawn Sequence  Marcello s father has suffered.
What seems to be a mild heart attack.
Marcello wants him to stay in Rome.
They can get to know each other.
His father  weakened  wants to go home and gets to catch the first train home.
He leaves Marcello forlorn   watching the taxi leave.
6th Night Sequence  Marcello  Nico  and other friends met are driven to a castle owned by aristocrats at Bassano di Sutri outside Rome.
There is already.
The party-goers are bleary-eyed and intoxicated.
Marcello meets Maddalena again.
The two explore a suite of ruins annexed to the castle.
Maddalena seats Marcello and then closets herself in another room connected by an echo chamber.
Maddalena asks him to marry her  Marcello professes his love for her  avoiding answering her proposal.
Another man kisses and embraces Maddalena.
Who loses interest.
He rejoins the group  and eventually spends the night.
5th Dawn Sequence  Burnt out and bleary-eyed  the group returns to the main section of the castle  to be met by the matriarch of the castle   accompanied by priests in a procession.
Who is to mass.
7th Night Sequence  Marcello and Emma are alone.
Emma starts an argument  and tries to get out of the car  Marcello pleads with her not to get out.
Emma says.
Marcello will never find another woman who loves him the way she does.
Marcello becomes enraged  telling her and smothering love.
He can not live.
He now wants her to get out.
She refuses.
He throws her out of the car and drives off.
She is left alone  in the dark.
Emma is still alone on the road  holding flowers.
When she hears his car approaching.
She gets without saying a word.
6th Dawn Sequence  Marcello and Emma are asleep  Marcello receives a phone call.
He rushes and learns.
Steiner has killed himself and his two children.
6th Day Sequence   he meets her outside to break the terrible news.
Paparazzi swarm.
8th Night Sequence  An unspecified amount break into a Fregene beach house owned by Riccardo  a friend of Marcello s.
To celebrate her recent divorce  Nadia performs a striptease to Perez Prado s cha-cha Patricia.
The drunken Marcello attempts to provoke the other partygoers.
However  the party descends into mayhem with Marcello throwing pillow feathers around the room.
He rides a young woman crawling.
Riccardo shows up and angrily tells the partiers to leave.
7th Dawn Sequence  The party proceeds.
Where they find a modern-day leviathan  a bloated  stingray-like creature  caught.
The fish is not specified nor identified by critics or biographers.
Set designer Piero Gherardi described his creation with blobs of plaster all over it like veal tripe.
I gave it convex enlarging lenses.
Alpert .
Cf.
Kezich  204-205 and Bondanella   Marcello comments on.
Its eyes stare even.
7th Day Sequence  Paola  the adolescent waitress  calls to Marcello from across an estuary but the words they.
Exchange are lost.
He signals his inability to understand or interpret her gestures.
What she is saying.
He shrugs and returns  one of the women joins him and they hold hands.
They walk away.
Paola waves to Marcello then stands watching him with an enigmatic smile.
<EOS>
The film is.
Head begins.
The wacky  fun-loving Monkees suddenly interrupt the ceremony.
A local politician struggles during the dedication speech.
The rest shows.
What happened that led up.
The four have just all kissed the same groupie.
Who tells them that they were indistinguishable.
They make their way through a series of unrelated vignettes  each being a different type of film.
They try to deal with the fact.
They re four real people.
They continually try to prove.
They re free and can make any choice they want.
They forget their worries at a party.
Where girls are go-go dancing.
But a mirror reveals the camera shooting directly into it  recording the scene.
We are watching while Rafelson sits next.
Peter actually discovers the answer to the free will contradiction in their reality.
The four frequently find themselves.
Which they can not escape.
The box represents the constraints unable to make any real choices.
Peter announces  then informs the others.
He will talk.
It does nt matter if we re.
He realizes.
The difference is illusory.
` it does nt matter.
Long as you can do anything you want.
Your choices were known by some powerful entity in a higher level of context outside the universe  because the situation in which you find yourself is identical to one in which there is no outer context.
You really are free.
Unfortunately  the other three pay no attention.
They characterize.
Soon  even Pete forgets.
They run  shoving people out of the way.
Being chased.
We see  they were desperately trying to escape being mere scripted puppets.
They were nt being wacky.
Finally  we see.
They went to make the ultimate assertion of free will.
They jump off the edge and commit suicide  falling a very long way and slamming far below.
We see.
This  too  was scripted.
The film s director hauls their soaked bodies away.
The four stare blankly under the water.
Laughing  he rolls the aquarium  to be taken out.
When he wants to use them again.
The Monkees Tale  The True Story of the Monkees by Glenn A.
BakerThe Monkees  The Day-By-Day Story by Andrew SandovalThe film Head.
<EOS>
This family melodrama tells the story.
Unable to tolerate his father s gambling and cruelty  his mother leaves home.
Yun-bok helps support the family  and keeps a journal.
Yun-bok s father repents.
When his journal is made public.
His mother returns home.
<EOS>
Terri Griffith is an aspiring teenage journalist living.
Who feels that teachers do nt take her school newspaper articles.
She comes to the conclusion.
It is because she is a girl.
Terri decides to remedy the situation.
Enrolling  she enlists.
The help Denise to disguise herself as a boy.
Her brother and friend also help to keep tabs throughout the experiment.
She meets Rick  a gold-hearted nerd.
Who becomes her pet project.
Terri starts to fall for him.
Terri manages to be accepted as one of the guys.
A jealous Greg picks a fight with Rick.
Who ultimately trounces the bully.
But  Terri has no choice.
When Terri s boyfriend shows up unexpectedly and finds.
To reveal herself.
Rick angrily rejects her  prompting a desperate Terri to kiss him.
She admits to loving him.
Seemingly unfazed  Rick simply walks away.
Heartbroken and humiliated  Terri retreats and writes a long article  detailing all of her experiences  both good and bad  in and out of school.
What it is like to be a girl.
Terri returns to her own school.
She receives high praise and finally earns her dream job at the newspaper office.
When her article is printed.
Nevertheless  she still finds herself yearning.
Who has not spoken since the prom.
Terri is not looking forward to the summer.
Her spirits lift.
When Rick suddenly turns up.
Realizing their true feelings  they reconcile.
The film ends.
They drive away together.
<EOS>
In Muslim Spain  many science books were written.
Many took their manuscripts.
When Muslims left Spain.
Today  we can find them spread.
This documentary follows theirs traces.
Its protagonist  Ismael Diadie Haidara  owner  has spend years trying to retrieve his family s manuscripts and with them  his own Al Andalus past.
<EOS>
Down-and-out New York detective Eddie Mallard finds.
Himself involved when a wealthy man asks for his help in stopping his ex-wife from harassing him.
Mallard finds.
The case may be too much when he discovers that the woman died ten years ago - and that he is falling in love with her.
This movie was originally created.
<EOS>
The film features the story  a boy born and raised in Nazi Germany.
Who is bred to become a merciless soldier.
A German couple prove to a Nazi supreme judge.
They are and agree to give their son  whom they name Hans at the approval of the judge  The names Franklin  Winston and Joseph can be seen on the judge s list of forbidden names  in reference to Franklin D.
Roosevelt  Winston Churchill and Joseph Stalin.
They are given a copy by the judge as a reward for their service to Hitler  their passport contains spaces for 12 more children.
This is followed.
The tone of which is very light.
The audience is told.
As Hans grows up  he hears a distorted version.
Thanks  Hans becomes fascinated with Hitler as he and the rest of the younger members of the Hitler Youth give a portrait of him dressed as a knight the Hitler salute.
The audience sees Hans sick and bedridden.
His mother prays  knowing.
It will only be a matter before the authorities come and take him away to serve Hitler.
A Nazi officer bangs.
His mother says and needs care.
He is sick.
The officer orders  he will be euthanized.
Her to heal her son quickly and have him ready to leave  implying if Hans does not get well.
He orders her not to do anything more.
Will cause him to lose heart and be weak  explaining that a soldier must show no emotion  mercy or feelings whatsoever.
The teacher  furious  orders Hans to sit in the corner wearing a dunce cap.
He hears.
Hans sits.
The strong shall rule the weak.
This sparks Hans to recant his remark  and agrees.
The weak must be destroyed.
Hans then takes part  burning any books  replacing the Bible with Mein Kampf and the crucifix with a Nazi sword  and burning a Catholic Church.
Oppose Hitler.
Hans and the rest of the Nazi soldiers march off to war only to fade into rows of identical graves  with nothing on them except a swastika and a helmet perched on top.
Thus Hans s education is complete.
The education.
<EOS>
Ollie s house is a mess.
Ollie receives a telegram.
Tells him that she is returning home.
Fearing his wife s wrath  he calls Stan over to help him clean up.
Things go downhill.
They make more mess not less.
Ollie becomes frustrated and lights the oven the wrong way  turning.
The result is an explosion.
Trashes the living room and kitchen  as well as Ollie s hat.
Ollie s suits get stained  soaked with dirty water.
Covered. 
He has no choice but to go meet his wife.
Stan miraculously manages to restore the house s interior and decides to light a fire in the fireplace for Ollie and his wife to come home to.
He soaks the fireplace  and moves it towards the logs.
When the logs fail to ignite.
Ollie returns.
The house is a smouldering ruin  Stan has burnt it down.
Stan leaves Ollie seated  then to cap it all  a huge rain storm pours down on him.
<EOS>
Framton Nuttel enters the house.
He is a young man.
He goes.
He decideds to call  an acquaintance of his sister s.
He is shown by Mrs Sappleton s niece  Vera.
Who entertains the man while he awaits the appearance.
Vera tells a story  the terrible tragedy and his sons.
He is told.
They went out hunting  and were lost in a fog three years earlier.
Their bodies were never found.
The mistress insists.
The French doors are left open every day  preying and hoping that one day they will return.
Mrs Sappleton arrives.
The doors are left open.
Nuttell and Vera exchange a knowing look.
Tea is served.
Mrs Sappleton reads Framton s letter.
Framton notices figures emerging and heading towards the open doors.
They sit  trying to make polite conversation.
Mrs Sappleton exclaims.
The look is obvious.
He drops his tea cup and leaves the room and house as fast.
He can.
Mrs Sappleton explains.
When Mr Sappleton inquires.
He was visiting the country but that she thought he was an odd man.
Vera continues to explain his sudden departure.
They had.
She explains.
He had spent a terrible night some years ago being chased.
The film finishes.
<EOS>
Atouk is a bullied and scrawny caveman living.
Zillion BC - October 9thApparently  was Ringo Starr s friend and bandmate with The Beatles  and whose birthday was October.
He lusts.
Who is the mate.
Atouk falls in with a band of assorted misfits  among them the comely Tala and the elderly blind man Gog.
The group has ongoing encounters  and rescues Lar from a nearby ice age.
Where they encounter an abominable snowman.
They discover sedative drugs  fire  cooking  music  and learn.
To walk fully upright.
Atouk uses these advancements to lead an attack  overthrowing him and becoming the tribe s new leader.
He discards Lana and takes Tala.
They live happily ever.
<EOS>
There s no need to introduce Danyel Waro  his rhythms and texts have left their mark on the cultural landscape of the past twenty years.
There s a man with strong convictions  a poet  a craftsman.
Unknown facets.
Thierry Hoarau s film reveals.
An intimate portrait.
<EOS>
Gabriella is a woman.
Who is living  having gotten a freelance job at a magazine for two months.
She calls her fiance back home.
She s set to come back home.
She checks her e-mail  only to find.
She leaves him a message.
He left her an e-mail saying that he met someone else  saying that the distance was too much.
Gabriella then wanders  bumping into a young man.
Whom she calls an idiot.
She finally meets her friend.
Who asks to meet her tomorrow  as that will be her last day.
The next day  Gabriella is seen sitting  wearing a red wig - I wanted to be someone else today  she explains.
The friend mentions.
The two friends sit.
She misses the ` old New York.
Gabriella  however  still enjoys New York.
It is.
Gabriella is given a small gift.
When she gets back.
That she ll have something to remember the city.
Getting back  she gets a message from her fiance  Max.
He misses her - he wants to make things right.
When she gets home.
The following morning  Gabriella is hailing a cab.
When the handsome man comes out of the first cab that stops.
Gabriealla stops  smiles  and says.
When he asks if she s going somewhere.
I m coming home  slamming the taxi door shut.
She then watches the handsome man walk off  sits down  and calls her mom on the cell phone with a smile on her face.
<EOS>
A young man has just been admitted after attempting suicide at a public beach.
Unable to remember even his own name  the doctors call him John Doe.
The doctor assigned to him begins seeing and hearing things around her.
Have no explanation.
Soon she begins to make the terrifying connection.
She is seeing.
<EOS>
Laurel and Hardy play two policemen.
They are given instructions to investigate a reported.
They stumble.
A would be thief who is attempting to crack the safe.
Laurel mistakes him  even going so far as to give assistance in the safe cracking.
When Hardy enters to see what is keeping Laurel the boys manage to work out that the thief is not the store owner and.
The boys head back to find the same thief attempting to steal it  angered Hardy insists.
He must ` appear Tuesday.
The audience sees.
The case is that the owner got locked out and so there is no actual robber or robbery at the location.
The boys however are unaware to break down the front door and eventually manage to succeed with great effort  having causing a great deal of damage to the property.
They proceed to arrest the owner.
The boys bring the suspect by their colleagues  however the real identity of the ` robber  soon becomes apparent.
The other officers recognize him.
Realizing their error Hardy explains  the Chief seemingly does not accept this excuse.
They are ` new.
He opens fire.
The boys flee.
The other officers then remove their hats indicating.
Deaths have occurred.
The Chief says send.
<EOS>
Dangerous Parking tells the story.
Whose life is dominated.
Alcoholism and drug addiction have him firmly.
Noah has no interest.
Kirstin  a reformed alcoholic  convinces him that he is heading.
Noah attempts to get his life back together.
And that is.
When Mother Nature deals him the cruelest blow.
Peter Howitt adapted the novel and directed the film.
He produced.
Principal photography was completed  the film was completed in May.
<EOS>
George meets and falls.
He asks her to marry him.
Who is appalled.
War breaks out.
The wedding can take place.
Alex is called up to serve.
Seeing her opportunity to sabotage the relationship  Mrs St.
George sets.
She is frequently to be seen around town flirting.
Alex becomes so unnerved and distraught.
His concentration is affected.
He crashes his plane  suffering not only critical injuries  but also amnesia.
Leave him.
Alex is repatriated for treatment and faces a long and painful physical rehabilitation and the struggle to regain his memory.
A battle of wills is being waged by his mother and Kitty  both trying to convince him that the other is lying.
Eventually Kitty succeeds.
George is crushed.
<EOS>
Dr Stephen Fleming  a British cabinet minister  lives a pleasant life.
His older son  Martyn  is a rising journalist.
Stephen meets a young half-French woman named Anna Barton   it is immediately apparent  however.
Who introduces herself.
Stephen and Anna are intensely attracted.
He brings Anna  revealing.
When Martyn visits his parents.
They are romantically involved.
The sexual tension is clear.
Their significant others are oblivious.
Anna arranges a tryst with Stephen at her apartment.
Stephen s obsession deepens.
He travels to Paris to meet her instead of going home.
Stephen and Anna have sex.
Martyn is still sleeping.
Afterwards  Stephen checks.
Eventually  Stephen s infatuation reaches a point.
Where he desires to be permanently  even at the risk of destroying his relationship with his son.
Anna dissuades Stephen  reassuring him.
As long as she is  he will always have access to her.
Stephen finds.
Another man named Peter has already arrived.
Peter -- unaware -- tells him.
They are former lovers.
A jealous Stephen initially assumes.
Anna is cheating and  when Peter leaves  confronts her about his presence.
Anna denies carrying on.
Then describes the death of her brother.
Who had committed suicide.
She recounts.
She had compulsively slept in order to grieve over her brother s death  which she had witnessed.
Stephen is placated.
The couple engage.
The Flemings travel to celebrate Ingrid s birthday.
Martyn announces his engagement to Anna.
Visibly disturbs Stephen.
That night   Sally -- fetching a glass -- catches them outside of Anna s room.
Stephen receives oral sex.
An anxious Stephen lies to Sally about.
What she saw  telling her that he was merely trying to console Anna.
Later  the Flemings have an awkward lunch.
Who notices the awkward behavior.
She correctly deduces and   warns him to put an end to it.
They are having an affair.
Stephen initially complies and calls Anna to end their relationship.
He tries to confess his misdeeds  but shies away from doing so both times.
However   she mails him keys to a renovated flat.
Where they can meet.
She tells Stephen.
When Anna visits his home.
She could nt marry Martyn.
They go at an appointed time and begin another raucous tryst.
Martyn -- having been guided -- finds them in bed together.
Stunned  he falls and plunges to his death.
A devastated Stephen clutches Martyn s body.
Anna silently leaves the scene.
Stephen s affair is exposed and becomes the subject  with a mob of reporters convening outside his house.
An anguished Ingrid reacts to the day s events by questioning.
Whether he had ever been with her.
It is strongly suggested.
Their marriage ends.
Stephen  now publicly disgraced  is also forced to resign.
He meets Anna s mother and finds  they say nothing.
Anna is staying.
They meet.
Stephen withdraws and retires to an unknown location in Europe.
He reveals.
Anna now has a child.
A photo of himself with Anna and Martyn -- blown up to life size -- hangs on his wall.
He stares gripped by his obsession for her.
<EOS>
Eastside High School in Paterson  New Jersey  is plagued with numerous problems  especially drugs and gang violence.
Furthermore  the students scored poorly.
The mayor is reluctant.
He knows.
Clark is hired.
Tension arises immediately.
When Clark dismisses.
A meeting only fans the flames.
The next day  Clark runs.
Who asks to be let back.
Clark gives him a sharp lecture about crack and.
What can happen if he keeps on using it.
Clark then dares Sams to commit suicide.
Sams  breaking down  refuses and promises to clean up his act.
Clark grants him a second chance to turn things around.
However  another expelled student manages to get and attack another student.
Clark comes to break up the fight.
Knowing  Clark orders guards to keep the fire chief out.
He is breaking the fire code.
All doors chained and locked to keep drug dealers out  and enlists security.
Clark s unusual methods lead him to clash.
He fires one teacher and suspends another.
The suspension is reversed.
The students take a practice version.
Only 33 % pass it.
Clark embarks.
The students bond with Mr Clark  not just as a principal  but as a father figure.
Clark highly values school pride.
Several times insists.
All students learn the school song and be able to perform it.
Meanwhile  one parent aligns herself.
Whose son was expelled by Clark  Leona Barrett.
The fire chief eventually catches Clark.
Barrett makes a tape recording.
Clark s arrest comes.
Who remembers Clark.
Clark is offering counsel.
Before he is arrested.
That night.
The mayor is preparing to remove him  the entire student body converges.
They demand.
Clark be released and retained as principal.
Mrs Barrett tries to convince the students and is not the right man to be principal  and asks.
Clark has made too many wrong decisions.
They return before any trouble starts.
The students claim.
Clark cares and has done so much good that they will not accept anyone else as their principal  and shout down Mrs Barrett with chants and cheers.
Eventually  Clark is freed  enough students passed the basic skills exam.
Means the current administration will retain control.
Clark shuns both Mrs Barrett and the mayor  You can tell the state to go to hell.
The closing credits feature scenes.
<EOS>
Barbara  an aspiring Hollywood actress  has a fling.
Visiting a Northern English city.
Who also writes obituaries and has written one unsuccessful novel  Uzi Suicide.
Barbara returns home.
Where she works.
She brags.
She met while away.
Unfortunately Richard follows her.
<EOS>
Pupendo shows the difficulty during the.
Artist Bedich Mara is unable to find much secure work.
He has a wife and two children.
Life begins to change.
When art historian Alois Fabera begins working  leading to a job offer from a Party official.
Things are looking up.
The wrong people hear portions.
<EOS>
The film s plot is often.
Which a strange visitor seduces the maid  the son  the mother  the daughter  and finally the father  before leaving a few days after  subsequently changing their lives.
The film starts off.
Her father is videotaping the scene.
He is preparing.
She tells him the price.
It appears the father is letting himself be persuaded.
They have sex  the father ejaculates.
A very short time and the disappointed daughter informs him it will be 100000 Yen now.
The father then realizes.
The camera has been on all along.
Called Have you ever been hit on the head.
The film then moves on.
Her young son  Takuya  comes in and starts throwing things.
He is unhappy.
He then hits his mother.
Later  bullies come to the front of the house and shoot fireworks through the son s bedroom window.
The mother is later seen injecting heroin.
It does not seem to have a huge effect.
Suggesting she is a regular user.
The father is yet again hit on the head by the same man.
They both arrive.
The mother serves them.
The father announces.
The man will be staying.
The son comes down.
They are eating and starts beating the mother again.
This does not surprise or bother the father  or the visitor.
Later  the father is seen watching one.
It turns out.
He was raped.
The next day  the father is.
When he sees his son being beaten and robbed.
He films it and appears very pleased with the footage.
The mother  meanwhile  is getting ready.
The viewer discovers.
Her body is covered from where the son has hurt her.
She also has a limp.
The father meets.
Who believes he is going too far.
The mother  working  is whipping a customer with a belt.
She then goes to buy some drugs.
She discovers.
When she gets home.
The pieces have been arranged so as to form a trail through the house and ending at a photograph of her daughter.
The visitor is.
He introduces her to lactation sex.
The son sees this while hiding.
The mother is much happier than usual  and has prepared a nice meal.
The son  however  is sullen and throws a bowl at her face.
The wife -- -- comes back with a carving knife and throws it at the head of her son.
Who dodges just.
Everyone is very pleased.
However  the father becomes exhilarated.
When the schoolchildren start attacking his house.
He videotapes.
Meanwhile  the mother and the visitor continue to eat peacefully.
Next day  the son is bullied again.
The father is taping his son.
The co-worker gets fed up and tries to leave.
The father follows her and sexually assaults her.
The visitor  emotionally neutral  tapes the scene.
The father unintentionally chokes his victim.
He takes her body back home and puts her.
The visitor is still taping.
The father sends the visitor to get garbage bags.
But she takes her clothes off and reveals.
When the visitor asks her.
She is dressed.
She then makes herself lactate and produces a rain.
Covers the floor while the visitor watches.
The husband is drawing on the woman s body to mark the best places to cut it up.
The smaller pieces will fit.
He tapes this.
Becoming aroused  the father has sex.
He then notices and is amazed.
She is getting wet.
This is possible.
However  it is covered.
When he brings his hand up.
He then discovers.
His penis is stuck.
The mother comes out to help and rushes to buy lots of oils and vinegar.
She empties the bottles.
This does not help  though.
She gives him a shot.
They are both exhilarated.
The visitor has filmed the whole scene.
Later on  the couple is having fun dismembering the female co-worker s corpse.
When the son turns up.
The parents rush out.
They finally kill.
All the bullies using the axes and knives they were using to cut the co-worker s body.
Later  their son is shown lying.
He thanks the visitor.
He brought.
The visitor leaves the family.
Afterwards  finding the prostitute daughter  he hits her in the face with a rock.
Beaten and bleeding  she comes back home and finds the father suckling on the mother s breast in the garden.
The final shot is of the daughter suckling on her mother s other breast  symbolizing the return of family order.
All scars have disappeared.
Have those  shown seconds before  suggesting a symbolically healed family.
<EOS>
The film is built.
One story line involves Linda Sykes  an American woman detained.
Sharif Bin Said  an Arab man detained in New York City  is interrogated by two FBI agents.
Both characters are graduate students detained and interrogated about unspecified activities.
May or may not be related.
Both Sykes and Bin Said are strip.
Searched by their interrogators and are subjected to a cavity search.
The protagonists appear to have only tenuous connections with the suspected terrorist plots.
The film ends.
<EOS>
Sandy Ricks is sent off.
The two meet Porter s arch enemy  Dirk Moran.
Out. 
Nearby  a pod is frolicking near Dirk s boat.
Dirk hates just about every other fish eating animal on earth.
He shoots.
They are eating the fish that he wanted his charter customers to catch.
Many escape.
Flipper is separated.
One night  Sandy   sets off.
Who plans to return.
He kicks a Pepsi can.
There. 
Flipper tosses it back.
Sandy repeats this trick several times and begins to feel a connection.
Then his ferry arrives.
Porter wakes up to find his nephew missing  a neighbor tells him.
What happened.
Porter catches up and brings Sandy back to Coral Key.
The next morning  they find the devastation left.
Porter goes  leaving Sandy to fix.
What he can.
Sandy is distracted by Flipper.
Flipper then meets a girl named Kim.
Who tells Sandy that Flipper is lucky to have survived.
This named Scar in the area  who has been terrorizing Coral Key for a long time.
Kim explains.
Playing. 
He ll need fish.
Sandy starts.
His own amusement park called the Flipper Show and charges one fish.
Porter arrives home and is furious  and decides to teach him a lesson.
When he finds out that Sandy has been playing rather than doing what he was meant to.
He throws up.
The sheriff of Coral Key Buck Cowman arrives and explains.
They can not keep the dolphin.
The next day  Flipper is caught.
Porter cuts the rope to release the net.
Flipper escapes.
His subsequent and prolonged absence causes Sandy and Kim to set out after him in a dinghy.
The two discover a group.
Unfortunately  the people are too far away to identify.
The next morning  Kim is.
When Pete  Porter s pet brown pelican  comes running up  almost as if asking her to follow him.
Pete leads Kim.
Porter s friend  Cathy and her untalkative son  Marvin mix up a special medicine  take a blood sample  and release Flipper.
Cathy runs some tests and concludes.
Flipper was poisoned.
But the sheriff   tells her.
That is not enough to prove that there is toxic waste out there.
Porter and Cathy realize.
They must solve this mystery themselves.
They set out  along.
Cathy hopes to use Flipper s gift she attaches to his head to help them find the toxic waste.
Their plan works.
Porter heads back to alert the sheriff.
Sandy   barely survives an encounter.
Who lags behind to say goodbye.
Dismantles the dinghy.
He sees a dorsal fin and thinks.
It is Flipper.
It is actually a hungry Scar.
Whose food supplies have been depleted  forcing him to hunt human prey.
Flipper appears and starts nose butting Scar.
The shark is stronger.
Flipper s pod comes.
Sandy makes it.
Where the man reveals that he was the one who dumped the toxic waste barrels.
Dirk is just about to kill Sandy.
When Flipper jumps up and with his tail whacks Dirk right.
The sheriff soon arrives to arrest Dirk.
Sandy says one last farewell  then leaves Coral Key with his mother and little sister.
He swims away.
Flipper and his pod come to see Sandy off.
<EOS>
Tomoko is investigating a rapist.
Who is terrorizing the city.
At the same time derails the search.
The Weissers call staggeringly repulsive.
It shatters.
The Weissers describe the film  but add.
The project is expertly handled.
<EOS>
Solva Saawan is a 1979 Hindi-language film  directed  starring Sridevi and Amol Palekar.
Madhukar and Dina Pathak also star.
The film score was composed.
Sridevi plays the 16-year-old Mehna.
This film involves a young  beautiful 16-year-old girl  Mehna  filled.
She is an attractive  intelligent woman living and experiences ripe.
Love when sees the new vet who has come to visit.
Many are impressed.
Who has entered the village.
He seems to be a wealthy  prosperous man and soon develops a relationship.
Mehna   sacrifices her opportunity to study to spend time with him.
Who is deep.
Little does.
She know.
He has not yet revealed his true colours when he leaves her and retires when she refuses to commit to him.
Sri Devi s distant cousin played is mentally retarded.
He is taken advantage and isolated by the society.
He is lame.
He is secretly.
He is jealous and upset.
When he sees her.
Mehna has a new perspective on life and begins to accept Amol Palekar s character  encouraging him to defend himself against those.
Who constantly mock him.
But  Palekar s character kills him.
When an evil  rowdy  villager  played  attempts to rape Mehna.
Palekar s character is arrested.
The film concludes.
Her life is impacted in different way.
The film  a remake filmed two years earlier with Kamal Hassan and Rajnikanth  did not perform very well at the box office.
-LSB- 2.
The film features the song ` Pi Kahan.
<EOS>
A young man tries to establish his father s innocence of an accused crime  by travelling to London disguised as a gentleman.
<EOS>
Two doctors are called to work  and soon attract the attention of all the local women.
They decide to retaliate and call the macho man in a country house.
When their wives discover a sexual bet has been made.
<EOS>
The movie opens  serving a Mafia kingpin known as Fat Charlie with a summons to appear as a witness in court  and his abrasive boss Ray ridiculing him for such while complimenting his rival server Tony for serving multiple targets in record time.
Willing to give him one last shot  Ray gives Joe the assignment to serve British socialite Sara Moore from her husband  Gordon.
Who is while Sara vacations in upstate New York.
Sara is tipped off  thus revealing.
Attempting to serve her.
The reason Joe has been failing is because Tony has been sabotaging his efforts.
Eventually Joe does serve her  but is mugged  leading to them taking his car.
The two are forced to take the same bus  they enter a conversation.
Where Joe tells her that  because her husband had the papers filled out due law  she stands to gain nothing from the divorce.
The typical half would apply if the papers had been served under New York law.
Joe agrees.
He ll lose his job.
The two set off to serve Gordon.
He tells Gordon and sends Tony off.
When Ray hears.
Gordon hires a bodyguard to protect himself.
Joe  expecting Tony to tail him  leaves a set.
Lead him.
Where he s shot as he attempts to get on the grounds of the wrong ranch to try to serve the papers.
Sara and Joe trail Gordon.
Gordon evades them.
Eventually they stay.
Where Gordon s mistress makes a new deal.
Joe agrees.
The entire deal is a set-up to get Tony.
Furious  Sara kicks Joe out.
He sees Tony s watch.
Joe contemplates his lost fortune and budding love.
He took  and calls Ray to inform him that Tony forgot to set his watch to the correct time zone.
Thus the papers do not take effect.
They both lose a fortune.
Where they evade Gordon s bodyguard and Tony.
Gordon is knocked out.
Seconds to spare.
Joe serves him.
Gordon  finally accepting the loss  takes the serve as he s being photographed.
Tony and Gordon s bodyguard are seen being carried out.
Who Joe refers  Guy who got ran over  and Guy who RAN you over.
The film ends at Joe s dream vineyard.
Where they taste-test Joe s first bottle.
<EOS>
Price plays Paul Toombes  a horror actor.
Whose trademark role is ` Dr Death.
Years ends his film career  the embittered Toombes revives his character for a television series.
Cast and crew begin to die.
Suggest scenes.
They all point.
Now  Toombes must find and confront the real killer.
He becomes the next victim.
<EOS>
Dorothy is a sixteen-year-old groupie riding.
Suddenly  the van is.
She hits her head.
She wakes up as the one.
She came and learns she killed a young thug in the process.
A gay clothier  Glin the Good Fairy  gives her a pair as a reward to help her see the last concert of the Wizard  an androgynous glam rock singer.
She is pursued.
Who attempts to rape her.
She also meets a dumb surfer Blondie  a heartless mechanic Greaseball  and a cowardly biker Killer.
<EOS>
The film tells the story  a 35-year-old mute woman  and her brief romance with Yoshioka  a younger man.
Who works.
Who works.
The two meet.
When Aiko accidentally knocks Yoshioka.
They have a sexual encounter soon.
Aiko begins preparing lunchboxes and giving them at his workplace as a way of expressing affection.
She can not do verbally.
The film ends.
Yoshioka leaves Aiko.
<EOS>
An American draft dodger and aspiring writer named.
Nero Finnigan becomes involved.
They conspire to blackmail an American weapons scientist.
The Dolphin then arrives   and is charged.
Who is an American CIA agent and James Joyce scholar.
Whatever means necessary.
Summary.
Has a copy.
<EOS>
David Lean is notified.
His property master  Eddie Fowlie  had discovered an anchor.
Historians arrive and examine the anchor to land.
An attempt is made to raise it.
<EOS>
The sources says.
It s a story to Afghanistan to World Trade Center.
Film maker Faisal Saif has signed a secret contract to not to reveal the film s story to anyone.
It was also recorded.
Three Indian actors who were considered to play the title part received threats.
Also Pakistani singer Ali Haider backed out.
He got life threats.
<EOS>
The film is centered at Hormel Foods in Austin  Minnesota between 1985 and.
Hormel had cut the hourly wage.
.
25 and cut benefits despite posting a net profit of $ 30 million.
The local union opposed the cut.
The national union  the United Food and Commercial Workers  disagrees.
The local union is shown hiring a freelance strike consultant  Ray Rogers.
Who comes to draw national press attention.
Rogers delivers  but  it is not enough to defeat opposition from Hormel management and the UFCW international union.
Soon   the company has locked out the workers and hired replacement workers  leading to a series of violent conflicts amongst members of the community.
The workers  resolve progressively fades.
The financial hardships they.
Their families suffer.
Leads some to doubt the value.
Kopple   focuses  creating a highly charged portrait of labor.
Who had previously covered an extended miner s strike.
Is sympathetic without ignoring the strike s greater ambiguities.
American Dream features footage with people on both sides of the issue  including Jesse Jackson.
<EOS>
Jericho Hudson is a street smart kid.
He finds himself.
When he s played.
<EOS>
Bhairavamurthy and Gajapathy are two landlords.
Who fight.
Bhairavamurthy s wife and his car driver get killed.
Kadhir  the car driver s son  decided to take revenge day and grew him up in Bhairavamurthy s house.
Amutha  Bhairavamurthy s daughter  returns.
She falls with Kadhir.
Bhairavamurthy decides  to join his hands  to kill his faithful henchman.
The couple elopes and runs around village.
Pratap  an honest cop  saves them.
The henchmen   lay down their arms and support the couple.
Who worked.
Bhairavamurthy and Gajapathy decide to kill both Kadhir.
They kill each other.
<EOS>
S.
A.
An explosion shatters the peaceful silence on Christmas Eve in London  UK.
Following this incident is a daring robbery.
The police suspect two East Indians  PP and Sim.
They are interrogated extensively amidst allegations.
They may be linked.
Then crime journalist Monsoon Iyer learns  meets them  and asks.
Her boyfriend advocate Krishan Pundit to represent them.
Krishan meets  listens to their side of the incidents  is convinced of their innocence  and is quite sure.
The two incidents -- as well as the deaths of PP and Sim s friends -- were the actions of a notorious terrorist named Murtaza Arzai.
<EOS>
Solek and his family live.
Kristallnacht occurs.
His sister is killed.
The Perel family moves.
Where they will be safe.
But less than a year later  World War II begins.
When Germany invades Poland.
Isaak and Solek flee.
Has been invaded.
The brothers are separated.
Solek is placed with other Polish refugee children.
Solek lives.
Where he joins the Komsomol and receives Communist indoctrination.
Being a teenager  he has a romantic interest.
He even climbs.
One scene features a Russian version before mail call.
Where Solek receives a letter who have been re-settled in a ghetto.
Then   Germany invades the Soviet Union.
The orphanage is evacuated.
Solek is left behind  to be found.
Solek gets rid  and tells the Germans he is Josef Peters  a Volksdeutsche from a Baltic German family from Latvia.
He also says.
He is alone because his parents were killed after the German invasion.
The soldiers believe him.
He speaks German and Russian  and becomes their interpreter.
They declare Jupp to be their good-luck charm  and adopt him.
When the unit captures Yakov Dzhugashvili  the son.
He accompanies the unit  and sees all the horrors of war  including murdered civilians.
The Germans seek to crush Soviet resistance.
Nonetheless  Solek is still.
He can not let anyone see him bathing.
His circumcised penis would expose Jupp.
Robert  one  is a homosexual  and sneaks in on Jupp.
When he finally manages a private bath.
Solek rejects Robert s sexual overture  but both have secrets.
The Nazis would kill them.
They become friends.
Then a bizarre combat incident occurs.
Robert is killed.
Solek  left alone  tries to get.
The unit charges across  and the Soviet troops there  surrender.
He crosses a bridge.
Jupp is hailed.
The company commander decides.
Such a fine young German should be properly educated.
He is childless himself  so he tells Jupp.
He will adopt him and that Jupp will be sent in Berlin.
He is escorted by Rosemarie  a middle-aged female Nazi official.
Rosemarie thinks.
Jupp resembles Hitler  and observes that he even has the same birthday.
She seduces Jupp  and  cries out Mein Fuhrer.
They have sex.
The problem continues.
Solek uses string and rubber bands to simulate a foreskin.
He evades a medical examination.
Girls serve meals at the Academy.
Leni  one  becomes infatuated with Jupp.
He dares not take advantage - Leni is a fervent Nazi and even speaks.
Leni strongly hints.
She would happily bear Jupp s child.
He refuses any intimacy.
She calls him a Schlappschwanz.
They break off.
A less serious threat is the visit.
Who claims particular skill.
The Nazi selects Jupp for a demonstration  and carefully measures his head and face.
He then calculates Jupp s anthropometric indexes  and pronounces him.
Solek visits her mother.
Who does not sympathize.
She tells him Leni and intends to give the child  in the Lebensborn program.
Is pregnant.
Solek realizes.
The child s father is his best friend and classmate Gerd.
He breaks down and confesses  she promises not to betray him.
When Leni s mother presses Josef.
He is a Jew.
Leni never finds out.
Solek s pretense is nearly exposed.
When the Gestapo investigates Jupp s supposed parentage.
He is summoned  but can not show a Certificate of Racial Purity.
He claims is.
The Gestapo official says.
He will send  and then rants about how the war will be won by Hitler s Wunderwaffen.
The building is destroyed.
Solek leaves.
Solek s relief is tempered.
The Hitler Youth are sent to the front.
Soviet troops close in.
There Solek manages to surrender.
His captors refuse to believe.
He is a Jew.
You re a Jew  why do nt you look.
They are about to have Solek shot.
When Solek s brother Isaak  just released  identifies Solek and saves him.
Isaak tells Solek to never reveal his story to anyone  saying.
It would never be believed.
He is released shortly thereafter and emigrates.
Where he embraces his Jewish heritage.
The films ends.
<EOS>
The film begins.
Seattle police officers Madam Yeung Lai-ching  Donnie Yen  and their Caucasian partner Peter Woods tail a group through a mall.
Madam Yeung and Peter tail them that night.
Where a shipment has just arrived.
Chinese workmen load crates.
Madam Yeung   acrobatically infiltrates the docks and enters the truck  but is caught by one of the workmen  Luk.
She convinces him.
She s a stowaway illegal immigrant.
He takes her.
His brother too were illegal immigrants.
He has just obtained legal ID cards.
She tries to stealthily check in.
Who is tailing the cocaine dealers.
Luk grows suspicious and catches her.
Just then Luk s brother Ming crashes.
Whom he owes $ 20000 due.
Luk attacks the thugs to save Ming  revealing.
He has some martial arts skill.
Madam Yeung joins the fight.
Together they drive the thugs away.
She returns Luk s money and leaves.
The next morning  Madam Yeung realizes.
One is following her.
She ambushes him.
They fight.
He has some martial arts skill  but not as much.
He gives up and flees by jumping off a hundred-foot tower into the harbor.
Meanwhile  Donnie tails one to a restaurant.
Where his friend Captain Michael Wong happens to be having breakfast.
He comes over to say hi.
The cocaine dealer leaves.
Both run outside in search of the criminal  but are ambushed by a couple martial artists.
Donnie easily beats up both thugs and arrests them.
Elsewhere  Peter has tailed the cocaine dealers on the docks.
Where they sell cocaine.
Peter attempts to arrest them all  revealing.
The Caucasians  leader is a CIA officer named Mr Robinson  which the Hong Kong dealers did nt know.
He photographs Mr Robinson.
Mr Robinson draws a concealed shotgun and shoots Peter  and then he and his men shoot all the Chinese dealers dead.
They try to retrieve the camera  but Peter is still alive.
He flees the warehouse.
As Mr Robinson shoots him again.
Outside  he crashes  hands him his gun and the negative of the photo  and tells him to give it to the police.
Then Mr Robinson and his men catch up and shoot him dead.
They open fire too.
Luk flees and accidentally drops the negative into the ocean.
Mr Robinson and his men continue to pursue Luk and shoot.
Luk is rescued by the arrival of the Seattle police.
Mr Robinson and his men jump.
Madam Yeung  Donnie  and the other officers drive up and find their partner s corpse and Luk.
They arrest Luk.
Donnie interrogates Luk  thinking and convinced.
He was a member.
He hid the negative somewhere  while Luk proclaims his innocence.
Donnie s interrogation is interrupted.
Donnie leaves the interrogation room.
The new officer threatens Luk to give him the negative  and brutally beats him.
When he claims he does nt know where it is.
Luk defends himself and knocks out the corrupt officer  then puts and sneaks out of the police station.
Luk goes.
Ming gives up his ID card.
Luk worked to get him  to get $ 3000 for a seat on a ship to take Luk back to Hong Kong that night.
It is revealed.
Luk is skilled.
Just then a couple enter the apartment in search of Luk.
Ming sacrifices his life to save Luk.
Luk keeps trying to save Ming until he dies  then finally flees.
Madam Yeung and Donnie pull up outside  having come to arrest him.
As Luk reaches the apartment complex s exit.
Luk runs back.
Madam Yeung and Donnie split up to search the apartment complex.
Donnie sees Luk and chases him.
Where Luk ambushes him.
They fight.
Donnie almost immediately gets the advantage and beats up Luk.
Who flees  jumping in hot pursuit.
Luk jumps and rides it away.
Donnie  still convinced  draws his gun and takes aim.
Luk is a cocaine dealer.
Madam Yeung appears and knocks it away to save the potentially innocent Luk.
Who escapes.
Back him off the case because he has no faith in him  and replaces him with Michael.
Donnie requests to stay.
Michael convinces their superior to allow it.
That night  Luk goes to board the ship.
He has to sell his ID card as well to buy passage.
Donnie gets information.
He  Michael.
Madam Yeung fly  arriving before the ship.
The Hong Kong police board it to arrest Luk.
When the ship reaches port.
Luk flees and jumps off onto a cargo dock  then lies atop a giant cargo container.
A forklift carries it.
Donnie climbs and sees Luk escape.
Luk goes and calls his mother   to tell her.
Who lives.
He s returned and will see her soon.
Donnie catches up and chases him to a beach.
Where they fight.
Madam Yeung arrives and yells to stop beating Luk  finally pointing her gun at him.
Donnie knocks her gun.
She attacks him.
Their fight is broken up.
Luk is arrested again.
Michael  Madam Yeung  and a Hong Kong police officer ride toward the Hong Kong police station in the back of an ambulance.
Madam Yeung interrogates Luk.
Who tells her that a Seattle police officer attacked him.
Michael tries to convince Luk to let him extradite him back.
S.
Just then a large blue truck pulls up.
Two thugs  one played by John Salvitti  jump from it onto the roof of the ambulance.
Salvitti swings around and kicks  knocking out the driver and taking his place.
The other thug throws a gas bomb into the back.
The gas knocks out Michael  Luk  and the Hong Kong police officer.
Madam Yeung grabs the ambulance s inhaler and uses it to avoid the gas.
The thug breaks in.
She kicks him out.
He climbs back.
She climbs up.
They fight.
He kicks her off.
She does a 720 degree backflip  kicks  and hangs upside down by her feet  her head almost striking the road.
She struggles to get back up  but he kicks her down again.
She clings  her dragging feet almost getting sucked under the rear wheels.
He climbs down and kicks her repeatedly.
She manages to pull herself up and kick him away  then climb over and attack Salvitti.
Salvitti draws a gun and opens fire.
She ends up falling off the front and clinging to the grill  her feet dragging on the road underneath the ambulance.
Salvitti speeds forward and attempts to crush her.
She manages to climb free enough to throw herself out and roll out on the road behind the vehicles.
They escape as captives.
Madam Yeung organizes a Hong Kong police search team.
Meanwhile  Luk and Michael are tortured.
A thug played  beats  and further tortures them  seeking the negative.
Michael manages to free himself and knock out the thug  then free Luk.
Michael tries to convince Luk to give him the negative.
Luk begins to tell him  but they re interrupted by the arrival of a thug played by Michael Woods.
Luk and Michael get separated  and Luk hides.
Michael meets up.
It is revealed.
He is their boss.
Meanwhile  Luk uses his electronics skills to get the car s radio working.
He contacts the Hong Kong police headquarters.
Who locate the signal s source and come to rescue him.
Then Michael finds Luk and asks.
Luk tells him.
He lost the negative.
He does nt know  but he saw the murderer and could recognize him.
Where. 
Michael surreptitiously reaches.
Just then Madam Yeung and the Hong Kong police arrive.
They take Luk back.
Michael declares.
He s going to extradite him back.
S.
Madam Yeung drives Luk.
S.
Luk requests to see his mother before leaving.
Madam Yeung is reluctantly convinced.
She drives Luk.
His mother are overjoyed to see each other  but Luk s mother is devastated.
He is suspected.
S.
Police. 
They also meet up.
Madam Yeung  Luk  and Donnie walk outside and are attacked.
Who rides up and opens fire with an automatic rifle  shooting Luk in the heart.
Madam Leung and Donnie carry Luk and flee.
Donnie lures Salvitti away.
Madam Leung gets Luk.
Donnie ambushes Salvitti and fights him.
Salvitti is almost a match.
Donnie manages to beat him up and arrest him.
The next morning   Luk is unconscious but past the most dangerous period and will likely recover.
Madam Yeung and Donnie argue   particularly for having let Luk see his mother.
Thereby exposing him.
Madam Yeung accusing Donnie.
Then Madam Yeung s superior enters the room and berates her.
Donnie defends her.
Afterward she tries to thank him.
He avoids her.
Michael meets and tells him.
His cocaine and Michael s money were both lost.
He promises revenge.
The dealer drives off  accompanied.
Later   Donnie interrogates Salvitti.
Madam Yeung and Michael watch.
Donnie reveals.
Salvitti has a distinctive tattoo.
S.
Navy - the symbol.
On October 26  1979  was entirely destroyed in the civil war of Nicaragua  but a suspect killed in this case in the U.
S.
The previous month also had this tattoo.
Salvitti taunts Donnie.
Who brutally beats him.
Salvitti surreptitiously injects himself and dies  making.
It look like he died.
Later that day  Michael takes Donnie  telling him the Hong Kong police complained  so Michael has to transfer him back to Seattle.
Donnie s violence caused Salvitti s death.
Donnie tricks Michael s left  but then doubles back  suspicious.
That night  Michael takes Madam Yeung  and the Chinese cocaine dealer plants a bomb under her car.
Madam Yeung narrowly avoids the explosion and attacks the dealer  but his female bodyguard drives up and rescues him.
They escape.
Later that night  Stephan Berwick rappels down the outside and shoots  but it s a decoy dummy.
What he thinks is Luk through the window.
The doctors reveal themselves to be disguised Hong Kong policemen.
They draw their guns and return fire.
Berwick flees.
Madam Yeung sends the officers.
Him  then goes where Luk actually is and checks up on him.
He s still unconscious.
The room is attacked.
Who takes Madam Yeung and stabs her in the neck with a tranquilizer syringe  then draws a large knife and attacks her as she struggles to stay awake.
The doctor tries to interfere.
Paul stabs him  cuts Madam Yeung  and knocks her out of the way.
He tries to kill the unconscious Luk.
Madam Yeung saves him.
Finally he knocks her back again.
She s too close to move  but at the last moment Donnie bursts into the room and attacks Paul.
They fight briefly.
Donnie kills him.
The next morning  Madam Yeung is recuperating along with Donnie and the still-unconscious Luk.
She asks him.
He did nt return.
S.
And he explains.
He felt something was wrong.
She knows.
He suspects Michael is one.
He does nt want to admit it.
They re good friends.
They argue.
Then come.
Just then Luk wakes and explains all.
Happened. 
Later that day  Madam Yeung s superior orders.
Her to let Michael take Luk back.
S.
Madam Yeung secretly organizes a Hong Kong police raid  lab  but tells Michael.
Who comes  that they re just going to get Luk.
They enter the lab.
A huge gunfight breaks out.
Madam Yeung pursues the ringleader and kills him.
His female bodyguard attacks her.
They have a long and brutal fight.
Finally the female bodyguard falls down an elevator shaft  despite Madam Yeung s last-minute attempt to save her.
The Hong Kong police chief is forced to declare her under arrest.
However  she has nt returned.
Meanwhile  back  Luk identifies Mr Robinson to Donnie.
Who recognizes him.
Madam Yeung goes.
There she is ambushed.
Who beat her up and capture her  having already abducted Luk s mother.
She s rescued.
Who chase Michael and Stephan away.
One officer stays behind to arrest Madam Yeung.
She knocks him out and flees.
Donnie confronts Michael.
Michael reveals.
He is a CIA officer  and that his division  which includes Mr Robinson  sells drugs to raise money in order to support a Latin American anti-government force  which is.
S.
S political interests.
He invites Donnie to join them.
Donnie refuses.
Michael reveals a deadly syringe concealed and unleashes a flurry of quick  vicious kicks at Donnie.
Who avoids them all and starts to gain the advantage until Michael draws a gun.
Donnie flees into the streets.
The hidden tape is destroyed.
Which he recorded Michael s confession.
Michael sees  but does nt realize.
There was a tape.
It s broken.
Michael sends Woods and Berwick.
Donnie narrowly avoids them.
Then he jumps up and kicks Berwick and steals it.
A long motorcycle chase and fight ensues throughout the streets  hills  and obstacle-filled back alleys of Hong Kong.
Finally Donnie gains the advantage.
Woods escapes.
Donnie meets up  but Michael has framed Donnie for a crime.
Now both are pursued by the police in a desperate foot chase through a parking garage.
They hide  but are found by the Hong Kong police chief.
However  the chief conceals them and lets them go  warning them.
He ca nt help them a second time.
Back  Donnie  Madam Yeung  and Luk re-convene  and Madam Yeung reveals.
Luk s mother has been abducted.
Luk.
His chest wound and prepares to go rescue her.
They call Michael and offer to trade the incriminating tape for Luk s mother.
Madam Yeung  Donnie  and Luk walk.
Michael watches them.
A steel gate crashes down.
They meet.
Donnie throws the tape.
Who catches it.
Madam Yeung draws a remote trigger switch and declares.
The tape Michael is holding is a bomb.
She makes Michael unload his gun and throw it away.
Luk demands the return.
His bodyguard opens a blind to reveal ropes outside a grated window  still alive.
Luk s mother is hanging.
Luk charges  but it s electrified.
He s thrown.
Using this distraction  Michael leaps forward and attacks Donnie and Madam Leung.
Berwick appears and attacks Madam Leung.
Michael focuses.
Luk gets up and tries to break the electrified window to reach his mother.
The Chinese bodyguard attacks him.
Three simultaneous fights ensue.
Donnie kicks Michael and pursues him away from the others.
The Chinese bodyguard brutally beats the outmatched Luk  reopening his chest wound.
Madam Leung and Berwick have an intense back-and-forth fight.
She finally kills him.
The Chinese bodyguard renders Luk all but unconscious and is about to kill him  but Madam Leung intervenes.
A fight begins.
She is more than a match.
She soon knocks him out.
Donnie chases Michael  beating him.
Whenever he catches him.
Michael finds a decorative sword and uses it to attack Donnie.
Donnie narrowly avoids the blade.
Madam Yeung appears and begins an armed duel with Michael.
Donnie climbs to save Luk s mother  but finds her guarded by Woods.
They have.
Finally Donnie manages to knock Woods.
Luk rescues his mother.
Michael defeats Madam Leung  cutting her and knocking her to the floor  stunned.
He s about to kill her.
Luk saves her and manages to disarm Michael.
Michael viciously beats Luk.
Luk s mother reloads the gun and saves him.
Michael disarms her.
Madam Leung recovers and attacks the now unarmed Michael  gaining the advantage.
Michael retrieves the tape bomb and its trigger and takes Luk hostage.
Madam Leung retrieves the gun.
They reach a standoff  but then Madam Leung shoots Michael.
She and Luk kick him.
Viewers learn.
Mr Robinson was found guilty and sent to prison.
<EOS>
Seventeen-year-old Murat.
Living with his mother and older brother Osman  seems to be struggling with his sexuality.
Osman  head  strongly urges Murat to lose his virginity to a woman.
However  suspecting  some boys harass and beat him.
Murat is gay and believing that his Turkish background makes him lesser.
Meanwhile  Lola  a Turkish male  argues.
Who dresses.
Billy wants Lola to get a sex reassignment and move.
Lola refuses  knowing.
If he had the surgery  Billy would leave him.
Lola is his brother who was disowned for being gay.
Which he works.
The two begin to develop a relationship.
Lola mysteriously disappears  leaving Murat.
Who uses Murat.
Soon thereafter  Lola is discovered dead.
Billy convinces Murat.
He knows who killed Lola  but thinks that they need to take the matter rather than letting the police deal with the matter.
Two friends   reveal to Murat.
Who also work.
When Osman discovered that Lola was gay  Osman raped her.
Osman threw her out.
When Lola stood up.
The friends warn Murat.
Billy is the same type that Osman is.
Murat dresses  using Lola s red wig to feign his identity.
Murat   confronts the boys.
Billy says are guilty.
Billy castrates one boy and stabs a second one.
As the second boy shoots him  killing them both.
Murat is left.
Who says they had no knowledge.
Murat discovers.
Osman was  who murdered Lola.
Hearing Murat s accusation and Osman s admittance  the boys  mother slaps.
Osman and  accompanied  leaves their home  discarding her hijab.
<EOS>
American magazine reporter Oliver Cannon gets an assignment by his boss  Harvey Sweigert.
Who is also the father.
He has never broken a big story  so Sweigert wants to see.
What kind he really is.
First stop is New Zealand.
Where photographer Pete Santelli  also  quickly develops a romantic attraction to a local girl named Diana.
And a half-Maori beauty named.
Tiare catches the interest.
It becomes clear.
When the journalists move.
A friendly Soviet citizen  Mikhail  whom they call Mickey  might be persuaded to defect.
Women are invited to join the expedition.
The latter ends up falling with Mickey.
Their romance and his defection is news.
A naval admiral tries to prevent Oliver.
Oliver shows  then returns home to marry Sharon.
What he s made.
<EOS>
The film chronicles young Emily s two year struggle to get her feature-length zombie film  Pathogen made.
<EOS>
The story is told.
The following is a linear  chronological summary  Jack Jordan is a former convict.
Who is using his new-found religious faith to recover.
Paul Rivers is a mathematics professor.
He will not live longer month.
He receives a new heart.
Paul s wife wants him to donate his sperm.
She can have his baby even if he dies.
The two are civil  yet distant.
Cristina Peck is also a recovering drug addict and now lives a normal suburban life.
She is a loving mother and active swimmer.
Who has left her days behind.
These three separate stories/characters become tied together one evening.
When Jack kills Cristina s husband and children.
Her husband s heart is donated.
Who begins his recovery.
Cristina is devastated to drugs and alcohol.
Paul is eager to begin normal life again.
He hesitantly agrees to get pregnant.
Paul learns.
His wife had undergone an abortion after they had separated.
Angered  Paul ends the relationship.
He becomes very inquisitive.
Whose heart he has.
He learns.
The heart belonged and begins to follow the widowed Cristina around town.
Jack is stricken.
Jack tells her and turns himself in.
His duty is.
He claims.
Incarcerated. 
God had betrayed him  loses his will to live and tries unsuccessfully to commit suicide.
He is released.
Cristina declines to press charges  as she realizes that putting Jack will not bring her family back.
He is unable to reincorporate himself  and instead leaves home to live as a transient  working a job of manual labor.
When Jack is released.
Paul finds an opportunity to meet Cristina and eventually reveals.
The two are connected.
Desperately needing one another  they begin to develop a relationship.
His body is rejecting the surgery.
Paul has a new heart.
His outlook is grim.
She continually focuses to exact revenge on Jack.
Cristina begins to dwell more.
She goads Paul.
Paul meets.
Who originally found Cristina.
Paul also purchases a gun and learns.
Jack is living.
Paul and Cristina check.
Where Jack is also staying.
Paul grabs him and leads him out with the intention of killing him.
When Jack is walking alone.
Paul is unable to kill Jack   shaking and pleading.
Who himself is confused.
Paul tells Jack to just disappear then returns  lying to Cristina about Jack s death.
Later that night   Paul and Cristina are awakened.
They are sleeping.
It s Jack.
Who  still consumed to kill him and end his misery.
There is a struggle  and Cristina blind-sides Jack and begins to beat him.
Paul has a heart attack and shoots himself to avoid dying.
Jack and Cristina rush Paul.
Jack tells the police.
He was the one who shot Paul  but is released when his story is unable to be confirmed.
The conflict remains.
Unresolved Cristina learns that she is pregnant.
Cristina is seen tentatively preparing for the new child in one of her daughters  bedroom.
She was previously unable to enter.
Jack is shown returning.
<EOS>
Chutki is an enormous fan.
She learns.
She makes her wishes known.
Her parents have other plans that include an arranged marriage.
Fortunately  Chutki s best friend Raja shares her dreams and offers to marry her.
That the two can work together.
They learn some serious lessons  as well as discover the numerous wannabes with Chutki.
As soon as the two small-town innocents arrive.
Are. 
<EOS>
Each falls for him.
When song-writer Alex Burke enters the lives.
The family lives.
Alex s personality is a match.
Both she and Alex are seemingly made.
Soon they are engaged.
Complications arise.
When a friend comes to the Tuttle home to help with some musical arrangements.
His bleak outlook could nt be any more contradictory to that of Alex s.
Laurie falls with him.
Meanwhile  Laurie s two other sisters  Fran  and Amy each marry.
A feeling escapes him.
The family welcomes Barney.
After both he and Laurie marry.
Barney   decides one evening to kill himself  feeling Laurie would be better off with Alex.
He was a better provider.
Barney drives.
Barney lives.
Finally writes the song.
A new found affirmation.
He had been working on  finding his.
The character was originally written to die at the end of the film.
When Sloan drives during a.
Sinatra   thought.
Whose characters perished at the end.
Sloan should live and find happiness.
Sinatra s growing influence was enough to have the ending re-written to accommodate his wishes.
<EOS>
Red Sonja is visited.
Who grants her the strength to seek her revenge.
Gedren murders Red Sonja s brother and parents.
Sonja rejects the queen s sexual advances.
Sonja is raped.
Later  Gedren s army and her aide-de-camp Ikol attack a temple.
Who are preparing to destroy a large  glowing green orb called the Talisman  used to forge the world.
This dangerous artifact s destructive power is growing.
The priestesses intend to destroy it.
It gets out and destroys the world.
Only the priestess Varna manages to escape.
She is mortally injured.
Varna encounters Lord Kalidor and begs him to help her find her sister  Red Sonja.
Kalidor finds Sonja and tells her.
Her sister is dying.
Varna tells Sonja.
What happened  and urges her to find the Talisman and destroy it.
Sonja begins a journey.
Sonja sees a storm  indicating.
Someone is using the Talisman.
Kalidor offers to help her.
Sonja rejects his offer and rides.
There she meets the young Prince Tarn and his servant  Falkon.
They tell her.
Gedren wiped out Hablock and its army because Tarn refused to surrender.
Tarn announces.
He is raising a new army to crush Gedren and invites Sonja to work as a cook.
She declines and goes her own way.
Sonja kills Lord Brytag.
He refuses her passage.
His troops surround Sonja.
Kalidor   attacks their rear  allowing Sonja to escape.
Who has secretly been following her.
Sonja comes in the mountains.
Tarn is being tortured.
Falkon rejoins Sonja to help her kill the brigands and free the prince.
They travel onward.
Gedren and Ikol watch Sonja and her party approaching on a magic screen.
Gedren recognizes Sonja and orders.
She be brought back.
She and Ikol use the Talisman to conjure up a storm  forcing Sonja s band to take shelter.
Gedren unleashes an Icthyan Killing Machine.
Kalidor reappears  and helps Sonja blind the beast.
Sonja now accepts Kalidor s company  but also warns him.
No man can have her unless he can defeat her.
Kalidor challenges her and they fight.
Kalidor  Sonja and Falkon then infiltrate Castle Berkubane.
To protect Tarn  they convince him to stay behind.
Order to prevent Gedren.
Sonja confronts Gedren.
Kalidor and Falkon deal.
Ikol tries to escape  but is stopped by Prince Tarn.
Who accidentally kills him.
The Talisman   is becoming too powerful.
Gedren has placed.
Its power breaks the floor open  revealing a chasm beneath the castle.
Sonja and Gedren fight.
Gedren falls.
Sonja throws the Talisman  destroying it and starting a chain reaction.
Tears Castle Berkubane apart.
The heroes manage to escape.
Before the castle is consumed.
Sonja and Kalidor kiss.
Prince Tarn and Falkon look on.
<EOS>
Bride-to-be Susan Murphy is struck to weather reporter Derek Dietl.
The meteorite exposes her to the substance quantonium  causing her to rapidly grow to over 50 feet tall.
Alerted and then the priest at Susan s wedding  the military arrives and captures Susan.
She is given the code name Ginormica and sent.
R.
Monger.
There.
She meets her fellow monster inmates  B.
O.
B.
A brainless  indestructible gelatinous blob  Dr Cockroach  PhD  a mad scientist.
Is even larger.
An alien named.
Gallaxhar detects quantonium radiation and deploys a gigantic robot probe to find it.
The President of the United States attempts to make first contact with it by playing Axel F on a keyboard  but the attempt fails.
The impervious robot begins destroying everything.
General Monger convinces the President to use his monsters to fight the robot instead.
The monsters accept the mission.
When they are promised their freedom if they succeed.
Arriving  Susan is chased by the robot over the Golden Gate Bridge.
Where the monsters defeat it.
Now free  Susan returns home and introduces her family.
They are quickly rejected  though.
Derek breaks up  claiming.
He can not be married since she would overshadow his career.
Susan realizes.
Becoming a monster is an improvement  and fully embraces her new role.
Suddenly  she is abducted.
Who appears to kill Insectosaurus.
Susan escapes and chases Gallaxhar down  only to be lured into a machine.
Extracts the quantonium  allowing her to shrink back down to her normal size.
Gallaxhar then uses the extracted quantonium a machine.
Creates an army.
O.
B.
Dr Cockroach  and the Missing Link infiltrate Gallaxhar s spaceship  rescue Susan  and hot-wire the spaceship s power core  activating the self-destruct sequence.
Susan is cut off from her friends.
Who are trapped.
They tell her to save herself.
Susan instead finds Gallaxhar.
Who is trying to escape.
She tries to force him.
Susan instead takes the quantonium  restoring herself and saving her friends.
When he admits he can not reverse the sequence.
The monsters leap out and are rescued by General Monger on the back of the transformed Insectosaurus.
Who has metamorphosed.
The monsters receive a hero s welcome home.
Derek tries to get back.
It would benefit his career.
Susan rejects him.
He is caught  swallowed and spit out.
O.
B.
The monsters are then alerted.
They fly off to face the new menace.
<EOS>
The cartoon takes place  in 17th Century England.
Sam  Duke finds out from his big-nosed servant.
His uncle  the King  has decided to cut off his allowance.
Sam punishes the servant by giving him the nose-in-the-book penalty.
Sam is desperate.
Bugs Bunny comes.
A small fraction will be deducted  the size of the fraction depending on.
Whenever Sam loses his temper.
What Bugs thinks it suits.
Sam welcomes Bugs  anxious to receive the one million pounds.
Bugs plays the role  presumably to test Sam  this naturally provokes Yosemite Sam to lose his temper and losing more money.
Bugs asks Sam at dinner.
Each time he is asked  Sam loses his temper  and shouts out phrases like Rackin  Frackin  Varmint Rabbit.
Each time Sam loses his temper  he loses money as well.
This gets him even madder  causing him to lose his temper over and over again.
Going does nt help  so Sam has to run outside to rant and rave.
Bugs can hear him.
That night  Bugs keeps provoking Sam and singing his version of Jeanie with the Light Brown Hair obnoxiously.
Sam is trying to sleep.
Sam screams Stop.
Music   varmint rabbit.
Sam asks Bugs to sing him to sleep.
Bugs deducts some more money.
Bugs then becomes a one-man band and ticks off Sam even more.
Sam pretends to believe that he likes it.
Next morning  Bugs hogs the bathroom and.
When Sam knocks and demands him to Get out of there.
Bugs deducts even more money.
When Sam shouts to get out.
Already furious  Sam pounds his head  making.
Bugs think Sam s playing a song.
Realizing  Sam gets an idea to kill Bugs.
He s not going to have any money left if the temper-money deductions keep up.
Order to receive all.
Each time Sam tries to kill Bugs  it backfires  causing Sam to fall and get injured.
First  he saws a hole and tries to get Bugs to come out by telling him somebody.
Wants to see him.
Bugs orders Sam to tell.
Whoever it is to come back the next day as he ll be.
This makes Sam mad enough to bust and push Bugs out  only to fall through the hole intended for Bugs and land in the river below and the gibberish  perka-shorka-bat-flattin  - portin-filabunkabertin   perkalooma burtin  dirtin  boostinattin  bartin  anatom curse while falling.
Sam rushes to strangle him  but falls through the hole and into the river again  again cursing the entire way down.
When Sam returns and Bugs tells him he s done.
Later  Bugs climbs up a really long staircase.
Sam  dressed in a suit of armor  tries to chop off Bugs  head with a double-bladed axe  but Bugs ducks.
He falls down the stairs.
Sam continues to rant  curse and rave.
Falling down the stairs.
Bugs continues the deductions.
Finally  the next day  Sam gets control.
He tries to show Bugs this.
Bugs looks and says  I have nt got the heart to tell him.
He s used up all the money as the cartoon fades out.
<EOS>
W.
C.
Boggs & Son  the traditionalist owner W.
C.
Boggs is having no end.
Bolshie union representative Vic Spanner continually stirs up trouble  to the irritation of his co-workers and management.
He calls a strike or.
He wants time off to attend a local football match.
Sid Plummer is the factory foreman bridging the gap  shrewdly keeping the place going amid the unrest.
Prissy lavatory  but W.
Designer Charles Coote has included a bidet.
C.
Objects of such distasteful items.
W.
C.
Wo nt change his stance.
After his son  Lewis Boggs  secures a large order.
It is a deal.
Could save the struggling firm  which W.
C.
Has to admit is to the banks.
Vic s dim stooge.
Bernie Hulke provides bumbling assistance to woo Sid s daughter  factory canteen worker Myrtle.
She is torn.
Who is something.
He loves her.
Sid s wife is Beattie  a lazy housewife.
Who does little but fuss.
Their neighbour is brassy and lascivious factory worker Chloe Moore.
Chloe contends  travelling salesman husband Fred.
Who neglects her and leaves her dissatisfied.
Chloe and Sid enjoy a flirtatious relationship and are sorely tempted to stray.
His character is a faithful husband  albeit a cheeky and sorely tempted one.
Sid and Beattie find - he tweets.
Joey can correctly predict winners.
When the horse s name is read out.
Sid bets and makes several large wins - including a vital # 1000 loaned to W.
C.
Is barred.
When the banks refuse a bridging loan.
The strikers finally return to work.
It is only to attend the annual works outing  a coach trip.
A good time is had  thanks largely to that great social lubricant  alcohol.
W.
C.
Becomes intoxicated and spends the day.
It seems the night.
Lew Boggs manages to win Myrtle  giving his rival a beating.
The couple elope.
Chloe invites Sid in for a cup of tea.
They fight their desires and ultimately decide not to have the tea fearing and get the wrong idea.
Neighbours might see Sid enter Chloe s home.
The next day  Vic gets.
His comeuppance - - and the workers and management all pull together to produce the big order to save the firm.
<EOS>
The scenes do not appear in chronological order.
Each paragraph below represents a passage.
It appears.
A baby is born in a women s prison.
Her deathly-ill mother names her Yuki.
A woman blocks the path  and kills them using a sword concealed in the handle of an umbrella.
She tells the last man to die  Shirayama.
Her name is Shura Yuki Hime.
She appears.
A man called Matsuemon  the leader  and asks him to find four people for her  having killed Shirayama for him.
A teacher  his wife Sayo  and their son are attacked by four criminals.
A woman named.
Kitahama Okono holds Sayo while the three men  Takemura Banzo  Shokei Tokuichi  and Tsukamoto Gishiro murder the teacher and his son and rape Sayo.
Tokuichi secretly takes Sayo far away to work.
Sayo kills him and goes to prison.
Sayo tells her story.
The baby is born.
She has seduced any prison guard.
She can to conceive the child.
She tells the other women to raise the child  then dies.
The child Yuki trains in sword fighting with a priest called Dokai.
Yuki  now twenty  finds Banzo s daughter Kobue.
Kobue is a prostitute.
Her father is now an alcoholic wreck.
Yuki plays cards with Banzo.
Who is caught cheating.
He is about to be killed.
Yuki persuades the owners to pardon him  then leads him and kills him.
Learning  she visits his grave.
Tsukamoto Gishiro has died.
She cuts the flowers and then the gravestone.
Matsuemon and his friends notice.
Gishiro died just when Yuki started trying to find him  three years before.
A man follows Yuki.
Who saw her attack the grave  a reporter named Ryurei Ashio.
He questions her past.
Dokai tells him her story.
Ashio writes and sells the story.
Dokai did this to get Kitahama Okono to reveal herself.
Okono sends men to kidnap Ashio.
They torture him.
He refuses to tell them.
Yuki enters the estate and kills several.
She enters the building and is fired.
Okono hangs herself.
Yuki fights and kills Okono s men.
Yuki slices the corpse.
Yuki learns.
Gishiro is still alive.
She finds him and kills him.
The dead man is not really Gishiro.
Ashio and Yuki find and follow the real Gishiro.
Gishiro shoots Ashio.
Wounded  Ashio stops him.
She swings.
Yuki stabs into Gishiro s chest.
She then cuts Gishiro s throat.
He shoots her.
He dies.
He falls.
Yuki  wounded  stumbles outside.
Kobue suddenly appears.
She stabs.
Yuki then runs away.
Yuki falls.
The film ends.
<EOS>
This noir  set  tells the story of John Forbes  a bored man working for an insurance company.
The middle-class married man craves excitement.
He gets his wish.
When he begins investigating an embezzlement case and meets model Mona Stevens.
Forbes is tasked.
Who s serving time.
Insurance agent Forbes ends up spending the day.
A romance begins brewing.
Forbes  attracted  fudges the reports.
He wo nt have to take the boat away.
But the couple find themselves being stalked and threatened.
Mona fears.
The ex-police officer s sadistic obsession grows  and the day from prison approaches.
He got involved.
Things finally go too far.
When he turns.
<EOS>
Makham is a Thai Ridgeback living and the girlfriend s white Persian cat.
The girlfriend becomes furious and  sneaks the dog off to a suburban Bangkok Buddhist temple  and leaves the dog.
When her boyfriend is gone.
Makham falls.
Who live out neighborhood.
An illustrated sequence shows the lives of the strays and.
Their village came to be burned down.
The five strays are led.
The other dogs are mostly mixed.
Breed as well.
The dogs are starving.
They can not forage in the nearby temple because of a rival pack of strays.
A neighboring orchard is off limits.
And there is a gated  high-class housing estate.
The dogs are stopped.
Makham manages to sneak his way anyway.
His eyes are captured.
A rich neighbor is  and brings in his own collie  Tommy  as a potential companion for Nam Kang to woo Nam Kang s owner.
The man is angry.
Makham had earlier disrupted a lavish birthday party.
The man reveals himself  wanting to poison the strays or shoot them with a pistol.
Hope comes from Makham.
Who knows  where all dogs are well fed and cared for.
It is.
No dog has survived the crossing.
The older dog  Luang Kaffee  is injured at crossing.
So the strays pool their resources to try and cross the road.
They find a wagon to pull Luang Kaffee  and determine.
They can cross.
Eventually they do cross and find Dogtopia.
Where indeed they are cared.
Makham is reunited.
Who is.
And all the dogs live happily ever.
<EOS>
The documentary interlaces the footage filmed with personal videos taken by Blunt in 1999  as well as news footage from the Kosovo conflict.
<EOS>
Daigo live with their father Kohei.
Who is a book illustrator.
One day Daigo inexplicably beats a rabbit and subsequently stops attending classes.
Kiriko becomes worried.
Their father ignores the problem as he is caught up  a pop-up book about The Little Mermaid.
Later  Kiriko takes Daigo to watch a 3-D horror film.
Appears to float out.
Daigo takes it home.
That night a large version pulls him through a cupboard into a fairground.
The next night Daigo is pulled through the mattress of his bed.
Kiriko follows him this time.
The group goes.
Later  Kiriko tells her father.
Kyoko is coming.
I saw her.
Daigo too.
Kyoko then recalls a time.
When she was younger when Kohei arrived home and that she attacked her.
Kiriko and Daigo seem to believe.
Kyoko has come back to haunt them and are determined to destroy the doll.
<EOS>
Maggie is the only cow left.
Alamida Slim stole all the rest.
Mr Dixon sells Maggie.
Runs a small farm called Patch.
The local Sheriff arrives to tell Pearl.
Her bank is cracking down.
Pearl has three days.
To pay the bank $.
Her farm will be sold.
Hearing this  Maggie convinces the other cows.
A bounty hunter named.
The cows are.
Rico drops a criminal off and collects the reward.
Stating  he takes Buck.
He needs a replacement horse to go while his own horse rests.
She convinces the other cows to try to capture him to save Patch.
When Maggie find out that the reward is of exactly $.
That night  they hide.
When Alamida Slim appears.
Slim begins a yodeling song.
Any can do anything.
Sends all the cattle.
Grace is able to bring Maggie and Mrs Calloway back.
Before Slim closes the path with a rockslide to stop Rico and his men from chasing him.
Buck starts talking and miming actions.
Rico discusses.
This causes Rico to believe  and sends Buck back.
Buck is frightened.
Buck escapes  determined to capture Slim to prove his worth.
Maggie  Grace  and Mrs Calloway are left behind.
They meet a peg-legged rabbit named Lucky Jack.
Who leads them.
Slim reveals.
He has been stealing all cattle.
He buys the land.
When his former patrons ca nt support their land anymore.
When it is auctioned off.
The cows capture Slim.
They run off.
Rico arrives.
Rico is revealed to work.
When the chase stops.
Slim dons his Odelay costume and leaves the cows stranded with the train.
He goes to attend the auction.
However  the cows arrive using the train.
Slim is arrested.
Patch is saved by the reward money.
<EOS>
A long time inmate Twitch gets himself transferred.
He claims.
It s to be closer.
His real motives are a bit more grandiose.
There he crosses paths a bulky prisoner.
Who can take care.
Twitch   is just as mouthy and is pretty much the same.
But there is a gang war brewing.
Explodes when the Blacks  gang leader is shot dead and the finger points at Burke.
But the situations worsen.
When the real killer and leader takes Twitch s girlfriend and Burke s daughter hostage as well  betraying his comrades to escape.
Eventually things get more complicated.
Twitch s real reason is to find gold stashed somewhere in state.
Cortez demands a helicopter or otherwise the hostages are dead.
Burke and Twitch eventually catch up.
Cortez is knocked out and transferred to another prison.
Twitch is given parole.
Could have seen him wait even longer before he actually gets out.
Twitch and his girlfriend find the gold and   set up his account with 80 million dollars along with a plan to help Burke s daughter for college  surprising Burke himself.
<EOS>
Verona De Tessant and Burt Farlander are and struggling to meet daily needs and build fulfilling lives as an anatomy artist and a salesman of insurance futures  respectively.
They are confronted.
When they learn they will soon become parents.
- and where.
She and Burt visit their only family in the area  Burt s parents  Gloria and Jerry  only to find.
They have decided to move a month before the baby is due to be born.
Frustrated  he and Verona see this as an opportunity to find somewhere else to raise their family.
They first visit Phoenix  Arizona  meeting up  Lily  her husband  Lowell  and their two children.
Burt is disturbed by Lily and Lowell s crass and mean-spirited behavior toward one another and their children.
Burt and Verona next visit Verona s sister  Grace.
Burt tries to persuade Grace to stay with her boring boyfriend.
Grace tells Verona.
When Burt takes a call and displays his trademark humor.
Verona agrees.
Grace tries to get Verona to talk.
Shopping. 
They are told.
They can not fly.
The couple insists.
Ultimately take a train.
The couple visits Burt s childhood friend and pseudo-cousin  LN  a college professor with inherited money and radical views about parenting.
Burt and Verona bring a stroller as a gift  greatly angering LN.
Her husband Roderick are a continuum home.
He tells them.
When Roderick s condescension and LN s backhanded compliments get to be too much for Burt.
He and Verona leave but not.
Letting their kid take a ride.
Burt and Verona then visit old college friends and his wife  Munch Garnett  and their diverse family of adopted children.
Verona and Burt are happy to have found a loving family and a nice town and decide to move.
They wind up at a bar during amateur dance night.
Which Munch is an active participant.
Tom confesses to Burt.
Munch has recently suffered her fifth miscarriage and that they seem unable to have biological children.
Verona has also picked up clues and shares a knowing glance with Burt as Munch and Tom embrace.
Burt receives an emergency call from his brother  Courtney  in Miami.
Whose wife has left him.
Burt and Verona fly.
Where Courtney worries.
Burt tries to comfort Courtney.
Verona spends time.
Burt and Verona spend the night.
The next day  Verona tells Burt a story.
Moved  they decide to settle in Verona s old family home.
Realizing  they sit together happily  overlooking the water.
It is the place.
<EOS>
Isi Ka Naam Zindagi is a romantic family film set.
It features Aamir Khan and Farha Naaz.
The film is supported.
Bansiram has owned and maintained a plot by a kind village aristocrat.
His amoral son praises the enviable plot and wants it.
The aristocrat dies.
Bansiram refuses to sell.
The son is determined to get it.
Bansiram appeals for protection.
They provide.
He is able to save his property.
Soon the son passes away  his look-alike son  Devraj  comes to manage the estate.
Devraj does not consider Bansiram s land a priority.
Years go.
The aristocrat s soul wanders and waits.
He finds an elderly semi-senile man and his grandson  Chotu.
When Devraj goes to see Bansiram.
Who wants to sell alcohol.
Devraj takes advantage.
<EOS>
Platform follows the story  Raju played by Ajay Devgan and his elder brother Vikram played by Prithvi.
Who lose their mother  after which Raju is brought up by Vikram  by working at a hotel run by a kind hearted Bhaiya saab.
Hariya  played  is a drug addict on bad terms with Bhaiya saab.
One night  being high  guns down Bhaiya saab.
When the latter would be taking a walk.
Joshi played by Kiran Kumar.
Who tries to arrest Vikram thinking him to be the man.
But Vikram breaks away  and plans to run away.
He leaves Raju for a moment  only to be caught by Inspector Joshi.
Waiting. 
Raju  thinks.
His brother has abandoned him and run off in a train.
He is then approached.
Who convinces him that Vikram will never return.
Then takes care.
Order to make him part.
Vikram is sentenced to imprisonment on charges of murder.
Years later Raju grows up to be an efficient henchman.
So the story moves   played by Paresh Rawal.
Vikram breaks out of jail.
When he hears that Raju is still alive  and being brought up  in order to meet his brother and finish Hariya who was responsible for their separation.
But Raju still feels.
His brother abandoned him  and refuses to accept him when bro comes to him  and even does not let the latter harm Hariya.
Shetty has dealings  and is keen on wiping out both Hariya and Raju  not listening to his astrologer twin brother Shani avatar his crooked ways will land him in trouble.
Who keeps telling him.
This are Raju s lady love and Vikram s newfound.
Nursing Raju s wounds.
Shetty  enraged  arranges for Raju to be killed by gunmen at a hotel.
Raju gets the idea  guns them all down.
Finally Vikram goes to Shetty in eliminating Hariya and saving Raju.
Which Shetty agrees.
Raju and Hariya get to know.
Hariya tells Raju.
It s finally time to eliminate Shetty and Vikram.
Vikram also goes and tells him the whole story.
The latter agrees to help  but he is then kidnapped.
Shetty then threatens Raju.
Their lady loves.
He does not return the bag.
Raju is now   his bro will be killed.
He does not return the money.
Hariya would nt spare him.
He does.
Finally he decides to save his bro  come.
What may.
But Hariya gets the wind.
Now Hariya joins hands to eliminate both Raju and Vikram.
The hero now breaks  and kills them all after a lot of gunfire and fist fight.
He also gets to know.
His brother s too.
He even has to fight off one.
When they confront him  in order to reach them on time.
The climax finally reaches the platform.
His gf and Vikram s gf tied at the scene  surrounded by armed henchmen  threatening to kill everyone.
Raju then plays a trick  he throws down the money  pours alcohol over it  and threatens to burn it with a lighter.
Any one tries anything funny  and if Hariya does not confess in the killings and separation of two brothers.
Shetty  worried  threatens Hariya to do so.
The money mighty burn.
He does.
Comes Inspector Joshi from hiding  saying he has heard everything.
Then all hell breaks loose   freeing his brother just in time.
A speeding train engine comes up the tracks  and runs as he falls on the tracks  without harming him.
Shetty is caught  with his twin bro Shani watching the fun.
But Hariya manages to give them the slip.
Raju manages to catch up  clinging onto his car and fighting him.
It overturns.
A fuel leak starts to occur.
Raju s rival turns up.
He along start to attack Raju brutally.
But Raju  strengthened  mounts strength and beats them off.
As an explosion produced sets the car in flames.
Thinking  out comes Raju alone  wounded but alive and falls into the arms of Vikram.
As Vikram  the women and others watch the explosion.
Raju is gone.
<EOS>
Billy Randalph attempts to replace his real mother.
Who is a young bugler.
Who only lives.
<EOS>
The film portrays the voyage   of Hussey  an ageing Nigerian singer  and Sani Elhadj Magori  the director.
He has asked Hussey to accompany him to convince his father to return to his village.
Hussey was a very well known singer and had the power to persuade young people to emigrate and try to make their fortune on the coasts of West Africa.
Many young Nigerians   left never to come back.
What sort does Hussey still have over the souls of men.
<EOS>
Luke Wilson appears.
Eva Mendes.
Luke Wilson s character s.
The film also features Eddie Griffin  Kris Kristofferson  Harry Dean Stanton  Seymour Cassel and Will Ferrell.
<EOS>
The loving and nurturing abandons him and took responsibility to his three children.
Mariel marries Edward.
Mariel strives to win the acceptance and affection.
She must learn how to cope and be a part.
Directed.
Lamasan  this provocative film explores issues.
What it means to be a family.
<EOS>
Max Haber  a small town barber  is the pride.
Who owns an antiquated barbershop.
Max adores Kitty Laverne  the manicurist.
Who loves him but aspires to be a dancer and leaves  hoping that he will follow in pursuit of better things.
Mrs Jackson-Greer  a New York society matron  has occasion to note Max fashioning the hair and induces him to come to New York and pose as a French count.
There he meets April  Mrs King s niece  and loses his heart.
Where Kitty is appearing Max is the best-dressed man.
He is deserted.
Disillusioned  Max returns home.
Kitty follows  realizing.
He needs her.
<EOS>
The film features an anthropomorphic caterpillar named Mulan.
Who takes her father s place against Mala Khan using the pseudonym Hua.
Eventually she is accused.
When she is.
She returns and romances her commanding prince.
When she returns.
Who  being also a butterfly  understands.
<EOS>
Anne Carson is sent for allegedly participating in a bank robbery with two others  one  Paul Anderson.
Who is still.
The money was never recovered.
All eyes are.
Who denies knowing.
Anne meets the outwardly tough matron in charge and the prison chaplain Rev Fulton and does not belong in prison.
Who feels Anne may have had a mistrial.
Anne s cellmates are Jenny.
Who seems to run the inmates  Melanee who makes a play a woman who has murdered her own husband and child when he ran away with another woman who is still alive.
The unhinged Dorothy believes.
Her child is still alive.
Every new girl is her husband s lover  Lois.
Jenny and Melanee team up routine to get Anne to tell them.
Where the money is that Anne is really Lois.
Paul is using blackmail and threats on Anne s ex-criminal father as well as offering to split it with him.
Pop Carson to find the money.
Anne faces attempted murder  threats on her life from two other inmates seeking the money  and fights Melanee in a catfight.
Culminates. 
Jenny.
When a large earthquake hits the area and demolishes the installation.
Who has acquired a pistol.
The outwardly harmless trustee Grandma and Melanee use the opportunity to escape to take her home to locate the money.
The downed telephone and power lines give the three girls time to escape unpursued.
Rev Fulton heads off Anne.
Where Pop is still held by Paul.
The theatrical movie poster  featuring a catfight between Helen Gilbert and Joan Taylor  has become a collector s item.
The poster shows the blonde haired Gilbert strangling.
The dark haired Taylor although that exact scene did not occur.
Halperin  James L.
Heritage Vintage Movie Poster Signature Auction 2005 Catalog.
Dallas  Heritage Capital Corporation  page.
<EOS>
A religious drama.
Francis.
St.
Francis  early life merchant in Assisi.
Who gives up all his worldly goods to dedicate himself.
Clare is a young aristocratic woman.
Who was so taken.
Francis.
She left her family and became a nun.
Francis had a well-established reputation.
The movie goes.
<EOS>
Nicole Barlow is finalizing preparations at her childhood home.
Her sister  Annie does not want to come down  reminding Nicole of the way.
Their mother used to treat them.
Nicole tries to contact her cousin  Liz and her daughter Eva.
Nicole sees an open door  leading into a dark room and walks inside.
Annie arrives  having been informed.
Nicole is missing  and finds Nicole s phone along.
That night  she awakes and finds a photo of two pregnant women.
She identifies one pregnant woman but does not recognize the other woman  wearing a floral dress.
The next day  Annie attends her mother s funeral.
It is shown  her mother also had one green eye and one blue eye.
Annie has one blue eye and one green eye.
Annie meets Liz and Eva  and the three return to Annie s mother s house.
Later  Annie dreams crying.
Her phone shows a map  pinpointing an address.
She sleeps.
She enters Liz s room and finds her bed empty.
When Annie awakes and sees a figure.
An unseen force tries to attack Annie.
She is able to escape the house.
No one believes.
Annie s story and a police officer  Bill Creek  implies that Annie may have played a part.
Annie notices the address from the night before on her phone and sees a blurred figure in a floral dress on the screen.
That same night  she dreams with her severed head strung up.
Annie later sorts and discovers a room.
She had never seen.
She finds the room and invites her psychic friend Stevie.
She can help.
Stevie has a hysterical fit  repeating the name Judas.
They then see the corpse.
Annie realizes.
It is not her mother s spirit that is haunting the house.
Annie searches the word Judas online.
Leads her.
The killer s last known victim was Jennifer Glick.
Annie identifies her.
She also finds a crime photo.
Shows Jennifer  similar to Annie s dream.
Annie goes.
Keeps appearing and discovers photos of her mother and Jennifer together  realizing that the cross she owns  given to her by her mother  originally belonged to Jennifer.
Is also a man listed with the same last name as Annie s mother.
Creek returns after finding a mysterious photo pointing to a cupboard.
Where there is a secret door leading.
Creek is then murdered.
Annie discovers.
Her mother had a brother  the man.
She performs a ritual.
Jennfier tells her.
She was murdered.
Annie hides and sees Judas come up through a secret hatch.
He leaves the room and is heard crying.
Annie finds Creek s body and takes his gun  discovering her sister  Nicole s  severed head.
Judas hears Annie and attacks her  tying her up.
Annie breaks her hands free but Judas slashes her.
Jennifer s spirit pulls her away.
Annie breaks free.
Annie uses to shoot Judas.
Staring  Annie sees.
Judas has one blue eye and one green eye  just.
Annie has gained full custody of Nicole s daughter  Eva.
The house has been sold and is under renovations.
Just then  Judas  closed eye opens.
He looks.
The movie ends.
<EOS>
Philippe Douvier   is facing a falling out with their New York Mafia drug trading partners.
They believe him not capable.
To demonstrate otherwise  Douvier s aide Guy Algo suggests to have the man killed  Chief Inspector Jacques Clouseau -- a plan.
Who is currently presenting the greatest danger.
Douvier sanctions.
Douvier s attempt to blow Clouseau up fails.
The subsequent attempt called.
Mr Chong is thwarted when Clouseau accidentally knocks him out  believing him to be his valet Cato  who had orders to keep his employer alert by means of random attacks.
That night  Douvier anonymously calls Clouseau and poses to tell him the whereabouts of an important criminal involved in the French Connection.
It has to be a trap.
It is so obvious that it could nt possibly be a trap.
His car and clothes are stolen by a transvestite criminal named Claude Rousseau.
Rousseau drives and is killed by Douvier s men.
Subsequently the majority believe Clouseau to be dead and  as a result of this assumption  Clouseau s mad boss  ex-Commissioner Charles Dreyfus  is deemed sane and is to be released from the Mental Asylum to try to crack the case.
Douvier s plans continue.
Clouseau is taken to the mental asylum  but escapes into Dreyfus  room.
Dreyfus faints.
Whom he believed dead.
Clouseau finds Cato.
Who is relieved to see him alive.
Having settled Clouseau s initial anger  the two plan their revenge on the person.
Who ordered Clouseau s assassination  taking advantage that Clouseau is dead to conduct their investigations.
Dreyfus  led to believe  is assigned to read a eulogy.
The man he saw was Claude Rousseau.
His objections are overridden.
When it is revealed that the speech was composed.
Dreyfus is unable to control his laughter at the statements.
He is obliged to speak  but conceals his amusement.
But  Dreyfus faints.
When Clouseau surreptitiously reveals himself.
The master completes his oration.
Shortly  Douvier  needing her respectability and her silence pertaining  tells his secretary/paramour Simone LeGree.
His wife threatens him.
Their courtship must end.
Angry  Simone storms.
Douvier gives orders to have Simone killed.
She was quite intimately involved.
Having been told at the nightclub  Clouseau and Cato investigate and accidentally save Simone from being murdered by Douvier s assassins  Simone takes Clouseau home.
Clouseau tells Simone.
He is the supposedly dead Chief Inspector  although Simone does not believe him  he eventually convinces her of the truth  prompting her to reveal that Douvier ordered Clouseau s assassination as part of his attempt to impress the American Godfather.
Clouseau and Simone escape.
When another duo force their way in.
Lives. 
Dreyfus overhears Simone telling Clouseau to meet with the New York Mafia Godfather  Julio Scallini  in Hong Kong  but again faints.
When he sees Clouseau.
Clouseau  Cato  and Simone travel to Hong Kong and tail Douvier  unaware.
Dreyfus has also arrived.
Clouseau impersonates Scallini.
Simone distracts the real Scallini so that Clouseau can uncover Douvier s plans.
He succeeds.
The plan goes awry.
When Clouseau s disguise is exposed.
A car chase begins  terminating.
Here  Dreyfus recognizes Clouseau  loses his mind again and tries to kill Clouseau  chasing him.
Inside  Dreyfus inadvertently sets the stored fireworks alight.
The resulting explosions sow chaos.
Eventually leads.
Clouseau is awarded by the President of France.
Thereafter  he and Simone spend an evening together.
<EOS>
The film is set  at a time  with the small but wealthy maritime republic of Ragusa managing to maintain its independence through diplomatic agreements.
When the entire eastern Mediterranean is dominated.
The film opens Dundo Maroje being staged in front of the Rector s Palace in Dubrovnik  during the traditional Feast of St.
Blaise.
Local aristocrats  ambassadors and the Rector himself are attending the performance.
Is an allegory.
The verses spoken are met with disapproval by the noblemen present  and lead to the Rector getting up and leaving during the performance.
The Ragusan grey eminence  state censor Luka  decides to use this opportunity to crack down.
Luka first confronts his patron Lord Zamagna  a nobleman and former.
Luka charges him and gets him arrested.
Zamagna s daughter Desa  a noblewoman and wife  unsuccessfully tries to free her father.
Who eventually dies.
Enraged  Desa joins the anti-government conspirators led by Lord Bucinic  leaves for the Duchy of Florence  itself a powerful city-state in Tuscany in present-day Italy.
Who plot  and  hoping to gain political support abroad.
Drzic s company continues to stage plays and provoke local authorities.
The Senate gets increasingly intolerant.
The company soon find themselves -  the company amasses a huge debt.
The censors had decided by increasing taxes on his stage productions.
Leads. 
His close friend  actor Lukarevic  decides to leave Ragusa and emigrates to Florence.
He also comes with his brother Vlaho Drzic  an acclaimed painter.
Drzic gains some support.
Who openly supports the Senate s authority.
Staying true  and unable to continue his work  Drzic also decides to join the conspiracy and leaves for Florence.
Drzic mingles with other Ragusan exiles  including Lukarevic and Desa Zamagna.
Inspired  Drzic pens a draft of a new Ragusan statute.
He titles Libertas  which enshrines the freedoms.
Lord Bucinic   tries to use Desa s and Drzic s reputation in Florence and instructs them to turn to Cosimo I de  Medici  the Duke of Florence  but to no avail.
He ignores their pleas.
Meanwhile  the Ragusan authorities hire mercenaries to track down and assassinate them all.
Ignored  the plot is effectively terminated.
Spies locate and execute Bucinic and Lukarevic.
Drzic and Desa then decide to escape  hoping to find refuge in the city.
In which several had been published  and that the Doge of Venice might be more understanding to their plight.
The friendship between them develops into a romance.
Arriving  they try to hide but are nevertheless found by assassins.
A manhunt ensues   before escaping by jumping into a canal.
Which Drzic deliberately draws the pursuers to lure them away from Desa.
The following day  Drzic is washed ashore.
Exhausted and frozen  he is found and taken to the poorhouse.
He sees his ideals becoming reality.
He floats in delirium.
Undertakers put his casket on a gondola.
Floats away.
<EOS>
An Inconvenient Tax examines the Federal Income Tax and.
Congress uses the complex tax code to achieve political goals that are unrelated.
The result  the 62000 page tax code is so complex.
Many are voicing their desire to greatly simplify it or to even completely remove it.
Currently  tax revenue can not even pay.
The film follows the progression through wars  economic booms  and significant presidencies in U.
S.
History. 
An Inconvenient Tax includes commentary.
Noam Chomsky  Ron Paul  Steve Forbes  Joseph Thorndike  Mike Huckabee  Charles Rossotti  David Walker  Neal Boortz  Herman Cain  Michael Graetz  Daniel Shaviro  Leonard Burman  and others discuss perceived problems  and also suggest possible changes.
The possible solutions discussed include the FairTax  flat tax  and value added tax.
<EOS>
The movie follows the story.
Who looks exactly.
Docent and his gang are caught.
Docent is imprisoned.
The militsiya send.
Troshkin looks identical.
Him undercover with the real criminals to get information about the stolen helmet.
He must pretend to be the real felon Docent  so  Troshkin  a well-educated and good-natured man  has to learn slang and manners.
Order to be convincing.
<EOS>
The life is saved through the use of a hospital s only pulmotor.
It results.
The medical device can not be.
Merrick falls.
She holds him responsible.
One day  he insists and makes a pass at her.
She gets out and is struck  losing her sight.
He watches over her and visits her  concealing his identity and calling himself Dr Robert.
He secretly pays to try to restore her vision.
When he finds out that she is nearly penniless.
Finally  she travels and is told.
Her eyesight is gone forever.
Robert follows her  confesses his true identity and proposes marriage.
She forgives him  but goes away.
Years later  Robert has become a brain surgeon.
He learns.
Helen urgently needs an operation  which he performs.
Her sight has miraculously returned.
When she awakens.
<EOS>
A grief-stricken and destitute French ex-soccer player has moved in an effort to recapture her presence.
He is haunted.
Much he loved her.
He accepts to kill a certain Igor Rizzi.
To earn money.
<EOS>
Terry Jones first journeys.
Where bones have been discovered.
However  there is no actual way.
They were used.
Jones then discusses the Ishango Bone.
Must have been used.
There are 60 scratches.
Jones declares this the birth  a defining moment in history of mathematics.
He then journeys.
Humans were starting to build houses  they started to represent.
It was possible for the first time in history to do arithmetic.
They would enclose a certain number and imprint the number of tokens on the outside.
However  it was realized.
You could simply write the number.
To explore and not some other place  Jones travels and meets.
The development occurred here.
A tribe called the Walpri.
There are no words for numbers.
He simply replies.
When an individual is asked how many grandchildren he has.
He has many  while he has four.
The numeral system provides a fascinating glimpse of Egyptian society.
It went something.
One was a line  ten was a rope  a hundred a coil  a thousand a lotus  a symbol of pleasure  ten thousand was a commanding finger.
A hundred thousand  a number  was a million  the first ever million.
The Sumerians would never dreamed.
The symbol was a prisoner begging for forgiveness.
The Egyptians had a standard unit  the cubit.
Was instrumental.
Terry Jones then journeys to cover the time of Pythagoras.
Jones discusses.
All things could be measured.
Archimedes was also with numbers.
He tried to see.
What would happen if you took a sphere and turned it.
This concept would later be applied.
Archimedes lived.
Was at war with Rome.
Archimedes was killed while working on a mathematical problem.
The Romans were not interested.
Mathematics declined.
The Roman numeral system was clumsy and inefficient.
One reason  was the fact.
Terry Jones theorizes might be the reason.
The numerals that the Romans used were basically the old-fashioned lines.
Jones discusses India s invention.
He explains.
The concept traveled West.
Then it arrived.
Where it met fierce resistance.
The reason was.
Most people were familiar.
Eventually  the Hindu-Arabic numerals displaced the Roman ones.
Jones discusses finally.
Gottfried Leibniz invented the binary system  which is the foundation.
He planned  but never followed through with the plan.
Leibniz was convinced.
1 and 0 were the only numbers anyone really needed.
A computer called.
Colossus was used to crack enemy codes.
Computers evolved into modern computers.
Are used.
<EOS>
Dear Friends follows a high-school student named Rina.
Who believes that friends are not necessary and that they can only be used.
Thus  she is unable to maintain a decent relationship.
Her family s relationship is also lacking  her father does not care much.
Her mother is.
Rina spends a lot.
Where Yousuke is the disc jockey.
Yousuke falls  but her attitude has a feral edge.
They neck but stop short.
Rina collapses on the dance floor.
She eventually discovers.
She has cancer and becomes hospitalized.
She is not visited by her family  but by one of her classmates named Maki.
Rina does not remember her  so Maki takes the opportunity to.
Maki tells Rina that they were friends.
A young girl  Kanae  tries to become friends.
Who is also hospitalized.
She holds fast.
Rina begins to lose hope.
Her well-being falls apart.
Her hair falls out.
She looks pale and thin.
Rina learns.
Kanae also had cancer  and has died after a bone marrow transplant failed.
Rina must undergo a mastectomy.
The cancer has spread.
She decides to commit suicide.
However  she is confronted.
She can jump.
Who stabs herself and declares that she will share the same pain as Rina and that she does not want to lose her friend.
Maki has suicidal tendencies  but sees a reason to keep living.
Rina shows.
Some hope again when she realizes that she can find friendship.
She does not see Maki.
Maki recovers.
Hiroko and Emi then visit Rina.
Hiroko throws away a love letter to Rina  then claims.
She was supposed to deliver.
She and Emi had three-way sex.
Emi acknowledges this.
Rina is discharged.
She tries to go back  but can not force herself to behave.
She once did.
She goes back.
Where Emi apologizes that Hiroko overdosed on drugs.
Rina decides.
She is ready to have sex.
He has second thoughts.
Rina goes back to jump  but is stopped by the head nurse.
The head nurse says.
Maki wanted her to live.
Rina claims.
Maki has not seen her recently.
Then  another nurse pushes a zombie-like Maki onto the rooftop.
Maki says.
The only reason she is still living is so that she could meet friends.
Maki has a terminal illness  an unspecified neurodegenerative disease.
Rina finds her purpose  fully recovered from cancer  applies to nursing school  becomes a nurse  and takes care of Maki during her final days.
Maki dies.
<EOS>
Lisa ca nt remember.
Who she is.
She is aware - her dress is full of blood.
She s got a coat.
Her husband Arjun is a famous surgeon.
Who does his best to help her remember.
So begins a love story.
Which Arjun tries to make his wife fall all over again.
All going well gets a strange feeling about.
What went wrong that night.
She starts getting flashes.
Arjun ca nt seem to help her and neither can their friendly neighbor Anju  get better.
Who is always around to help Lisa.
The mystery unfolds.
When Anju s husband Dev  a naval officer and Lisa s college friend  returns.
Dev does nt want to wait.
He wo nt rest.
He can figure out how Lisa s life became so twisted.
Lisa must decide.
She wants to discover the truth or be content.
<EOS>
A young widow  Lucy Muir  moves to the seaside village of Whitecliff and into Gull Cottage with her daughter Anna and her maid Martha  despite the fierce disapproval of her mother - and.
She rents the house.
The house is haunted.
She is visited by the ghostly apparition of the former owner  a roguish  but harmless sea captain named Daniel Gregg   Anna is too young for ghosts.
Who reluctantly promises to make himself known only.
He dictates.
When Lucy s investment income dries up.
His racy recollections make the book a bestseller  allowing Lucy to stay.
They fall in love.
Daniel tells her.
Both realise it is a hopeless situation.
She should find a real man.
A writer known as Uncle Neddy.
When she visits the publisher she becomes attracted to suave Miles Fairley.
Who helps her obtain an interview.
The publisher agrees to publish the captain s book.
Fairley follows her back and begins a whirlwind courtship.
Captain Gregg  initially jealous  decides finally to disappear and cease being an obstacle to her happiness.
He convinces her.
He was all a dream whilst she sleeps.
Shortly thereafter  Lucy pays a surprise visit and discovers.
Visiting her publisher.
Not only is Miles already married  but that this sort of thing has happened before with other women.
Lucy leaves heartbroken and returns to spend the rest as a single woman in Gull Cottage with Martha to look after her.
About ten years later  Anna returns and tells her mother.
She knew all the time  rekindling faint memories in her mother of the captain.
Lucy spends a long peaceful life.
Captain Gregg appears at the moment of her death - reaching out  he lifts her young spirit free of her body.
The two walk out  into the mist.
<EOS>
Paul Callow accidentally runs a man over.
The man is pulled by his dog.
He kills a second passenger.
Who falls after having a heart attack.
His colleagues tell him about a little known ` rule  at London Underground that no-one talks about  three ` under  within a month.
You lose your job - earning yourself ten years  salary.
But being off means.
Paul needs to find someone willing to kill themselves Monday.
Paul sets.
He comes.
He grabs his hand and pulls him up.
Far. 
Tommy is angered and moans about how do gooders will not just mind their own business  however upon hearing a police siren.
He will pay him.
Paul explains to Tommy that.
He is willing to jump.
Tommy is scornful asking what good.
The money do him if he has to die.
Paul says.
He can have one last weekend.
Tommy however wants to do something meaningful.
Tommy agrees and decides to spend his last weekend making amends with his estranged family.
Tommy hires a car.
They travel.
Have moved.
There they find that Tommy s wife Rosemary and daughter Frances.
Paul tags along to protect his investment.
District Tommy meets with resistance from his wife and daughter.
He reconciles.
Who reveals she has found a new man.
Paul meets the daughter get drunk and sleep together.
Tommy tries to talk to his daughter and sees her in bed with Paul  then chases him over some hills before having a mild cardiac attack and being taken to hospital.
Tommy and Paul leave to go back.
Paul tells Tommy.
He does not want to kill him.
Tommy insists.
He go through.
Paul is told by his colleagues.
The three and out rule was a joke  and that there is no pay off.
Paul sees Tommy and reports an animal on the tracks.
When the time approaches.
However  crying and recalling a deal s a deal  Paul accelerates and kills him.
Distraught  Paul sits then begins to write and changes the title of his novel to Three and Out  we see Frances receive a copy of the novel along with #.
Paul had promised.
Hidden is the dedication In Memory of Tommy Cassidy.
Realising  Frankie breaks down.
Her Dad has died.
She travels and meets Paul  they go deep sea diving with Great White Sharks  Tommy s last wish.
<EOS>
Kathryn Bolkovac is a police officer.
Who accepts an offer to work.
N.
International Police at a U.
K.
Company called Democra Security.
Kathryn is made head of the department of gender affairs.
She becomes involved.
Who had recently been sold to a sex trafficking ring.
She escapes.
Kathryn sends her.
Kathryn is able to uncover a wide-scale sexual slavery and human-trafficking ring  including that of the U.
Various international personnel.
S.
Have participated.
Furthermore.
When she brings the scandal.
N.
She discovers.
They have covered it up.
Kathryn finds allies.
Who support her investigation.
Kathryn is soon fired.
Meanwhile  Raya had been captured again and is later found dead  only pushing Kathryn even more to bring the scandal.
She and Ward eventually capture evidence.
She brings it.
It is said.
A number of peacekeepers were sent home  though none faced criminal charges because of immunity laws.
It is also noted.
S.
Continues to do business.
<EOS>
Loosely based  the film centers on the character of Rayne  an unholy breed of human and vampire called a Dhampir.
Dhampir are unaffected and do not thirst for human blood.
She is the daughter.
Who has gathered an army  both vampire and human  in order to annihilate the human race.
She was conceived.
When Kagan raped her mother.
She later witnessed him killing her.
Sebastian  Vladimir  and Katarin are three members.
Who fight vampires.
They hear.
Who may be a Dhampir.
Order to kill Kagan.
Kagan is also hunting  fearing.
She will interfere.
Rayne escapes captivity.
She encounters and saves a family being attacked by vampires.
A fortune teller reveals to Rayne and resides.
Kagan has become the most powerful vampire.
She tells Rayne.
Kagan seeks an ancient talisman  a mystical eye.
It would allow her to gain an audience.
She finds it.
Rayne sets out.
Rayne shelters sneaks away to.
Where the talisman is guarded.
The talisman is further protected.
The chamber floods.
When Rayne lifts it.
The talisman falls.
Rayne hangs.
She catches the eye ball.
Examining it closely  the eye magically becomes absorbed.
She is somehow unaffected.
When she falls.
The monks explain.
When she leaves the chamber.
The artifact is one which came from an ancient vampire called Belial  who had found a way to overcome the weaknesses of a vampire.
The eye overcomes holy water  the rib overcomes the cross.
The heart overcomes sunlight.
The parts have been hidden.
It becomes the heroes  mission to stop him.
Kagan wants all these parts.
Rayne is brought.
They agree to work together to kill Kagan.
Katarin does not trust Rayne and betrays Brimstone.
Who has fallen with Kagan.
The location is known to Katarin.
Her grandfather hid it.
She seeks it out.
Rayne fights and kills her.
Rayne attempts to gain an audience before Kagan.
He takes the heart and throws her.
He plans to extract the eye.
He realizes too late.
Rayne had only given him an empty box and not the heart.
Sebastian and Vladmir intervene  battling Kagan and his minions.
Both are fatally wounded  leaving Rayne.
He fires a final bolt.
Sebastian dies.
Kagan is too quick and is able to catch it.
Rayne is able to summon her last reserves and plunge the bolt into his heart.
The battle ends.
Rayne seats herself.
<EOS>
An infected man from Russia  Rubinsky  is being operated at a military hospital.
When soldiers arrive and begin to shoot all.
One steals a strange vial.
He is shot.
He attempts to escape  while the soldiers snipe any one that has been in contact with the infected man.
The zombies kill three orderly.
The rest are killed.
When C4 is detonated.
Thirty-seven years later   uncover a strange thermos buried in the soil in the yard of a hospital.
Sam attempts to open it.
They are unable to due.
Donwynn entrusts Sam.
Isaac feels.
Something bad will happen if the thermos is opened.
Jackie sneaks away and runs to the bathroom to open.
Sam and Boris are distracted.
Isaac and Emma have a romantic encounter.
Marshall attacks them.
Marshall and Donwynn take the two back.
Sam discovers.
Jackie stole the thermos.
The others discover.
He took it.
Jackie opens the thermos.
A strange object falls  unknowingly releasing a virus  infecting the entire group.
Doctor Heller talks.
Marshall and other staff take them back.
He claims.
Jackie and the other students are breaking the rules  while  in truth  they are nt.
Emma  Patty and Vicky are locked.
That night  those begin to show signs.
Who were.
Donwynn contacts Jerry about the item  hoping to get an answer as to.
Was. 
What it is.
The next day  Donwynn awakes to discover Sam having a seizure and the rest discover.
They all have skin that is dead and peeling.
Emma  namely due  has tests.
Ran. 
She is told.
She is pregnant.
Emma attacks Marshall.
When he keeps bothering her.
She bites him.
When he tries to move her.
Sam  Jackie and Boris begin to show advanced signs  including rotting flesh  varicose veins.
Coughing up blood.
Dr Heller orders the hospital and the doctors the right to bear arms  and to shoot anyone from Dorm 1 in the head.
Attacks them.
Donwynn receives a video reply.
Who tells him not to open the thermos  and that it contains a deadly virus that mutates humans.
Jerry plans to visit hospital the next day.
Marshall dies.
The next morning  everyone is called to receive a vial of medicine.
Ava informs Donwynn.
The virus is a flesh-eating virus that kills its host.
Patty and Vicky get  and have to be broken up by Derber.
Pete senses  and goes crazy  giving Patty a chance to steal one  and escape to see Emma.
Donwynn smells dead.
Patty shoots and kills one.
Isaac discovers.
Each feel each other s pain.
Marshall reanimates and kills Dr Heller.
Patty shoots Isaac.
Trying to find Emma.
He revives and is unharmed.
Marshall breaks free and kills a security guard.
Jerry arrives.
As Donwynn returns  and informs the patients of truly.
What the virus is  and how it works.
He also reveals.
Each are dead by human standards.
Jerry also reveals.
Those infected are highly contagious.
Jerry soon informs the patients.
The virus was first released.
The zombified Marshall is shot by the hospital s police force.
Boris mutates  and bites Jerry  causing Jackie and Sam to attack him also.
The three devour him.
Isaac and Emma barely escape.
Patty reanimates.
He tries to help her.
Early the next morning  Dr Heller has reanimated.
Jackie  Sam and Boris have reanimated.
They taunt the surviving patients.
Dr Heller enters the room.
Where Vicky is hiding.
He is distracted.
When the infected Charlie enters the room  and is chased away.
The patients all reanimate.
Zombies and they begin to devour the police officers.
The survivors escape  but are forced to escape into the back hallway.
Patty finds Vicky  and kills her while searching for Emma.
The majority escape from the hospital.
They head out.
The survivors manage to reach the medical room.
Where Emma goes.
The last police officer is killed.
The zombies begin to kill people.
Boris  Jackie and Sam break  attacking Isaac  Emma and Donwynn  trying to convince them.
They do nt want to hurt any.
Boris kills Ava.
Isaac   commits suicide with the last round of a pistol.
The movie ends.
<EOS>
Armand de la Verne  a lieutenant  undertakes a bet.
He will obtain the favours.
His target turns out to be Marie-Louise Riviere  a Parisian divorcee  and.
Who runs a milliner s shop.
Who is also being courted.
Marie Louise s growing attraction is tempered by her discoveries about his reputation.
Armand s calculated strategy become undermined.
A subplot follows the parallel but simpler courtship.
<EOS>
Pat Riley is an obnoxious.
Who is searching.
Pat encounters Chris  a person  and the two fall in love and get engaged.
Meanwhile  Pat s neighbor  Kyle Jacobsen  develops an unhealthy obsession and begins stalking.
Kyle sends called America s Creepiest People  bringing him/her to the attention of the band Ween.
Who features.
Pat becomes.
Distraught when he/she learns that Ween intended  then breaks up with Chris  and discovers that his/her laptop diary has been stolen.
Later  it turns out.
Kyle stole Pat s diary.
He tries coercing Pat.
He can access the files.
Pat s only answer is.
The word is.
Kyle then begins typing.
Meanwhile  Pat is harassed on discovering his/her sex.
Pat becomes distraught nature.
He/she goes to complain to his/her friend  Kathy  host.
The station fires Kathy and hires Pat due to his/her acerbic reactions.
Kyle ends up going.
He reaches the last word  zythum  which is the password.
He discovers no new information in regards to Pat s gender  and finally snaps.
Kyle calls Pat  and tells him/her to meet him at the Ripley s Believe It or Not.
Pat arrives to find Kyle dressed exactly.
Kyle demands.
Pat remove his/her clothes.
Pat runs off.
Pat falls.
His/Her clothes get caught  tearing off his/her pants and lowering him/her in front of the cheering audience.
Kyle is subsequently taken away.
Pat then runs to see Chris.
As he/she is leaving.
The two get married.
<EOS>
Dil Maange More is the story.
His passions are his village Samarpur and soccer.
He is desperate to fall with one woman but ends up with three women in his arms ready to swear undying love for him.
He is first shown with Neha  his girlfriend of four years.
Neha  an ambitious girl  leaves their village to go to become a flight attendant.
Nikhil follows her to bring her back.
Nikhil bumps into Shagun.
Fate has something else in store for them.
He starts living.
The next day  Nikhil tries to convince Neha to return  he does not succeed.
He lands a job.
Luck would have it.
Is run.
R.
Rehman.
Where Neha is training.
There  he meets coworker Sarah.
Nikhil keeps trying to convince Neha but only gets rejection.
He eventually ends up falling with Sarah as well.
However  Sarah s ex-boyfriend comes and takes her away.
Disheartens Nikhil.
He reads her computer diary and learns.
When he is invited.
She is actually.
He proposes.
She accepts  but things turn  wanting him back.
She leaves.
When Shagun sees Neha hugging Nikhil.
Nikhil breaks up.
A.
R.
Rehman then fixes Shagun up comes  saying.
She left her boyfriend.
She hugs him.
Again  Shagun sees them and goes berserk.
One day  A.
R.
Rehman arranges a party  all the girls attend.
They argue.
All three fall.
Nikhil quickly goes to help but only saves Shagun.
Meanwhile  Nikhil  thinking  returns.
He has lost Shagun forever.
Shagun finally realizes.
Nikhil really loves her and follows him.
We see Neha  Sarah  and A.
Shagun is confessing her love.
R.
Rehman saying was just an act to get Nikhil and Shagun together.
Their plan was successful  implying that everything.
<EOS>
It is the year.
The remaining people live.
The earth has become uninhabitable due.
The young doctor Laura Portmann is one.
She hopes on the distant planet Rhea.
To get there  she needs money.
She signs up  heading for an eight-year flight to unmanned Station 42 and back.
The crew consists.
Crew members spend most  month shifts to monitor the space ship.
One person stays awake.
There is also an additional security person aboard  Samuel Decker.
Portmann hears unusual noises from the cargo bay.
She feels observed.
Her colleagues are awakened.
Together the crew sets out to investigate the cold cargo space.
Captain Lacroix falls to his death from the cargo containers under mysterious circumstances.
She discovers.
When footage is reviewed by Portmann.
He saw containers marked BIOHAZARD  despite assurance that they were transporting construction materials.
They find a room filled.
When Decker and Portmann investigate.
Portmann finds a perfected virtual reality connector embedded in the girl s spine.
Later  Portmann sends an account to her sister on Rhea  and receives a reply in 20 minutes  rather than the usual matter of years.
Lindbergh arrests Decker reveals to Portmann.
They are not flying.
Her curiosity piqued  Portmann asks Yoshida to check the ship s travel coordinates.
Confirm that they are not heading.
Later  Portmann finds Yoshida dead.
Lindbergh organizes search teams to find.
Whoever killed Yoshida.
Portmann is attacked  but saved by someone shooting the man in the back.
Searching the lower levels.
Portmann recognizes the assailant.
Portmann s savior is revealed to be Decker  Klaus Bruckner s teammate working undercover.
Lindbergh realizes.
Portmann does nt trust her and restrains her too  revealing that Rhea is a giant virtual reality simulation on a station in orbit around the actual  uninhabitable  planet.
The crew are actually to Rhea.
Lindbergh intends to execute Portmann and Decker.
They arrive.
Prokoff and Vespucci overhear Lindbergh and overpower her  freeing Portmann.
The four make a plan to enter Rhea and free Portmann s sister.
Destroying the telecommunications antenna  ceasing broadcasts.
Prokoff and Vespucci decide to stay  choosing virtual reality s paradise to real life.
Decker sets the explosives.
Portmann cares.
Portmann realizes.
When she sets out.
Her jetpack is broken.
Luckily  she is caught.
The two find Portmann s sister s containment pod.
Portmann connects and finds her sister living happily in a beautiful house.
Seeing  Portmann decides to leave.
Happy her sister and her sister s children are.
Their world is a simulation.
However   she sends out a broadcast revealing the truth.
She leaves.
Earth is habitable again.
Back  Decker gives Portmann his fuel cell.
She can get back.
A sudden shockwave igniting blows Decker away.
Portmann tearfully returns.
The explosives floats away.
Back the Kassandra  Portmann is confronted again by the escaped Lindbergh.
Who attempts to kill her.
Portmann forces Lindbergh.
Blows her out.
Portmann then returns and cares for her.
The film ends from Rhea airing on news stations everywhere.
<EOS>
Set  The Goose Steps Out recounts the adventures of William Potts.
It is discovered that he is an exact double.
Potts is flown to impersonate the spy and instructed to seek out and bring back details of a new German secret weapon.
However  Potts is placed in charge of a group of apparently rabidly-fascist young students.
Who are being trained to work.
Potts attempts to undermine this.
The proper British way is to apply the V-sign  which they therefore do repeatedly and enthusiastically in the direction of a portrait of the Fuhrer.
Where he hopes to gather information.
He is a British agent.
Luckily  his class turn out to be sympathetic Austrians.
They help him obtain the secret.
He seeks.
Potts and his new friends eventually commandeer a plane and fly back  crashing in a tree outside the War Office in London.
<EOS>
Unni is a share broker and leads a comfortable life with his wife Latha and daughter.
Of such a living intrudes a stranger.
Who introduces himself.
Cashing in  Jose goads him into believing.
He is Unni s 7th grade classmate.
However  a sense pervades  with the unwelcome guest - alcoholic and somewhat eccentric - pitching for an extended stay.
Unni s misgivings proves true.
When his confidant and classmate  Dr Alex Varghese   reaffirms his doubts that they had no schoolmate in the name of Jose.
Soon  they discover.
The stranger is that man whose arrival they have been dreading now  Sivankutty.
It is eventually revealed.
Unni and Alex ruined Sivankutty s life.
The duo realises.
It is payback time and that they re.
Death is looming over their head.
<EOS>
The film takes place.
The country is being ravaged.
Who commit robbery and ritualistic murder.
Appalled  English Captain William Savage undertakes a dangerous mission.
Which he disguises himself  and infiltrates the Thugee cult.
Captain Savage undergoes a disturbing psychological transformation  experiencing the cult s insatiable bloodlust for himself.
The film was shot around the arid steppe region in northwestern India.
<EOS>
Two U.
S.
Army pilots   in the mid-1930 s  in an era of open cockpits and biplanes  are always trying to do each other  in a friendly rivalry.
William Cagney  as 2nd Lt.
Tom Cooper  gets the nickname Soapy.
Richard Dick Wood  Woody.
Tom finds out.
Ida Johnson  the girl he s been seeing  while Dick s been  is really Evelyn Worthington  June Collyer  Dick s fiancee  who introduced herself  using her maid s name  played by Hattie McDaniel  as a lark.
But  it s no joke.
When Dick finds the tell-tale bar.
The two pilots are picked to go into the stratosphere  with a balloon  to test high altitude flight  but  the friendship.
The engagement are off.
They get off the ground.
The Generals keep reminding them.
The equipment is more important than they are.
It does nt look  until  Evelyn begs them  to save the love  by ordering them to bail out.
Either will survive.
Unfortunately  the two are lost.
When a thunderstorm takes them thousands.
<EOS>
Police Constable Don Ross uncovers a group.
Sergeant Pearson scoffs at his concerns.
The criminals are responsible.
Deciding to start a private investigation  Ross approaches Diamond and accepts bribes from the gangster as an assurance of his silence.
However  the officer continues to gather incriminating evidence.
The hijackers steal a # 10000 consignment.
-- the target being a # 20000 load -- Ross joins the assault himself in a bid to topple the ringleader  Miles.
Preparations are made.
Diamond learns the truth and threatens him with a gun.
Fellow gang member Johnny shoots Diamond dead and reveals himself to be another undercover police officer.
Who has infiltrated the gang s set up.
Crossroads is not available in any commercial home entertainment format.
The plot summary is referenced to The Complete Gerry Anderson  The Authorised Episode Guide and.
What Made Thunderbirds Go.
<EOS>
Marmaduke is a Great Dane living with a cat named Carlos.
His owner  Phil  works.
Phil is very strict.
One day  Carlos tells Marmaduke.
He overheard Phil saying that they were being transferred.
They move into their new house in California.
Phil s boss  Don Twombly  has the goal.
Phil and Don meet to discuss Phil s assignment - an ad campaign to win over Petco.
There  Marmaduke meets.
A beautiful Rough Collie named Jezebel  whose boyfriend is Bosco  a controlling and violent Beauceron.
Bosco intimidates Marmaduke.
Who does not want to fight.
Marmaduke then meets Mazie.
Who develops a crush.
He also meets Giuseppe  a Chinese Crested dog  and Raisin  a highly intelligent but decidedly minute Dachshund.
Who is afraid.
They get together a pedigrees-only party thrown by Bosco  only to be scared away by Bosco.
Marmaduke asks Mazie to help him get a girl  but is actually Jezebel.
Whom she presumes is herself.
Marmaduke has Carlos pretend to be lost.
The two stage a fight to boost Marmaduke s perceived toughness.
Marmaduke then enters.
A dog surfing contest put together to sway Petco and beats Bosco  who is an established dog-surfing champion.
They get.
Appalls the Petco executives.
He then takes Jezebel.
The latter watches.
Marmaduke throws a party.
The Winslow family are.
Bosco crashes the party and discovers.
It was Carlos.
He then exposes Marmaduke.
Who loses his pedigree friends.
He is left.
He locks Marmaduke outside.
When Phil discovers the house.
Marmaduke runs away.
Leaves Mazie a toy.
She had given him earlier.
Mazie goes.
Carlos tells.
Her Marmaduke never returned.
She then goes looking.
Marmaduke has met Chupadogra  a wise  elderly English Mastiff.
Who is feared for presumably killing his owner.
He ran away to lead the pack.
They abandoned him.
He has spent the time alone.
Reads Buster.
Buster/Chupadogra tells Marmaduke to go home and return.
He still has one  and then distracts a dog catcher.
Marmaduke leaves  but gets lost.
The family discover him missing and begin searching for him.
Mazie and the family find him.
Mazie falls after the street below her collapses.
Marmaduke jumps in.
Her and Phil tries to retrieve him  as well as the fire department.
The fireman saves Mazie  but loses Marmaduke.
Phil has been fired for missing the meeting for the last chance with Petco.
He then runs.
The conduits lead and finds Marmaduke in the raging waters.
He begs Marmaduke to let go.
He s holding.
He reluctantly does  and is saved.
Several kids get that and put it on YouTube.
Phil is rehired.
It generates almost 700000 hits.
Phil then talks.
The entire family wants to stay.
Marmaduke later confronts the pedigrees  saying.
Differences should nt matter  that they re all dogs and should have an equal share.
Everyone agrees and turn.
Who leaves  vowing revenge.
Meanwhile  the YouTube video also wins the company the Petco deal.
He and Don begin thinking.
When they ask each other about if the dogs could talk.
The finale then shows Marmaduke  Jezebel  Mazie  Giuseppe  Raisin  and Buster.
What I.
Marmaduke and Mazie are dating  Marmaduke and Jezebel are friends.
All is well.
<EOS>
Jeevudu  an untouchable cobbler  leads a saintly life.
Lord Vishnu appears before him every day  and eats.
Whatever he is given.
Santha  the daughter  learning of this  visits his hut to discover.
Whether it is true.
She informs her father.
When she witnesses it.
Angry  he locks her up.
His daughter has visited the house.
He then informs Jeevudu and needs a thousand sandals.
The king s mother was performing a cheppula nomu.
Jeevudu and his family work all night  but can only make a few sandals.
They fall asleep   they find the house full of sandals.
When they awaken the next morning.
Rajaguru lies  persuading him to order Jeevudu to be imprisoned and to have his hands cut off.
His eyes put out  Bhavudu is stoned.
Santha escapes from the chamber.
Where her father has confined her.
She tells Seva.
What has happened.
She puts her own eyes out.
When Seva goes and sees her blinded husband.
Lord Vishnu and his consort Sridevi appear in the form of tribals.
They restore their devotees  Rajaguru realizes the error.
All ends happily.
<EOS>
Pierre Malaquet is a creative  zany and incredibly scatterbrained young man   always getting into comic situations.
He is hired.
Full  he meddles in other people s business and tries to remake everything in his own manner.
His commercials resemble horror films  themes seem to amuse him  black humor is present in all of his works.
He is convinced.
Shocking ads are the most effective.
His actions annoy his coworkers.
The strict boss Mr Guiton forgives him for all his tricks - all.
He is secretly involved.
Pierre makes friends with Lisa Gastier  Guiton s young and charming secretary.
She turns out to be a daughter of the most important clients of the agency.
Pierre is sent to bring an important contract.
Pierre confuses everything.
He goes to Gastier s house.
Where there is a party.
There he becomes a center.
A younger daughter intends to give him a little lesson  but finds herself in an awkward situation as a result.
Mr Gastier   returns home and  becomes furious and throws him out.
Who waited in his office.
When he finds Pierre there.
The young wife tries to seduce Pierre in a greenhouse  but it results in another amusing incident -  her long hair gets stuck in her zipper.
When Pierre is undressing Clarisse.
He cuts off her hair with pruning scissors.
Guiton allocates him  in an effort to hold him away from agency business and to spite him.
But even here Pierre finds amusement.
Soon he gets the first client - a manufacturer  eccentric and even more absent-minded than Pierre himself.
He gets an idea.
Strolling. 
The scenario is the following  a beautiful blonde walks down the street and all.
She gets surrounded.
Who start arguing.
A handsome young man appears and gives her mouth-to-mouth resuscitation.
She comes and asks rapturously  Klerdene.
Then the advertising slogan is pronounced.
Eventually this campaign results.
Pierre s next project was a street advertising.
Included smashing eggs and also resulted in a large-scale brawl and scandal.
Mr Guiton still puts up  in the minutes of anger soothing himself by remembering romantic moments with Malaquet s mother.
But he runs out after the next incident.
Pierre makes an even more shocking commercial  believing.
It will be a big success.
Lisa  understanding  convinces him to give it up.
It oversteps all limits already.
However  the videotape gets to television by mistake and is broadcasted.
It stirs up a huge scandal.
Enraged TV viewers gather.
Guiton understands.
It may ruin agency s reputation.
He finally decides to fire Malaquet.
It upsets.
Lisa and she goes searching.
Meanwhile Pierre   sees a girl.
Who is attacked to the office.
He imagines Lisa and suddenly realizes.
He is.
Beside himself  he starts searching around for Lisa  as always getting into funny situations.
Lisa arrives at his apartment but does nt find him there.
Eventually Pierre finds her  and emotionally declares his love to her.
Pierre s mother convinces Guiton to give her son another chance.
He decides to send him along to work at the agency s office in the US.
Pierre goes searching for lavatory and somehow gets out of the plane.
Takes off.
Confused Pierre runs  a narrator recites the passage from Caracteres by Jean de La Bruyere.
The film ends.
<EOS>
The film looks and discusses the marketing of contemporary pop stars.
The reality is  says Marsalis.
Superficiality is.
And depth and quality is kind.
<EOS>
The film is.
Abhay defies conventional methods has frequent arguments with his father.
Sanjana enters as a student.
Who is writing a thesis.
She falls with Abhay and follows him everywhere.
This lands her.
She gets shot.
She survives but Abhay tracks the mastermind.
Rana is a wealthy industrialist.
Who has ties and tries to slow down Abhay in his chase.
He takes advantage with his father and sets up father against his son.
However Awadesh soon realizes Rana s tricks and reconciles.
Abhay manages to kill Rana and restore peace.
<EOS>
Laura Rambotham is sent to attend boarding school at the turn of the century.
She tells everyone about a made up romance between herself and the school s minister  Reverend Shepherd.
She forms an attachment.
Laura throws herself and wins the school literary and music prizes.
When Evelyn leaves.
<EOS>
A failed day trader at a stock brokerage firm shows up at his former workplace and opens fire on his former colleagues  then turns the gun on himself.
Is Jacob Wood.
Two years later   Jacob s widow Celeste takes Vicksburg Firearms to court on the grounds.
The company s gross negligence led.
Jury consultant Rankin Fitch and his team communicate background information on each of the jurors to lead defense attorney Durwood Cable in the courtroom through electronic surveillance.
Nick Easter  an electronics store clerk  tries to get himself excused from jury duty.
Judge Frederick Harkin decides to give Nick a lesson.
Fitch   tells Cable.
The judge has sandbagged them  and that he must select Nick.
Nick s congenial manner wins him acceptance  with the exception of Frank Herrera  a former Marine.
Who takes an instant dislike.
However  further  it is revealed.
He and his girlfriend Marlee do have an ulterior motive.
The two seem to be grifters  and offer both Fitch and Rohr the verdict.
Fitch asks.
They can deliver.
Rohr dismisses the offer  assuming it to be a defense tactic by Fitch to obtain a mistrial.
Fitch orders Nick s apartment raided  unfortunately.
Marlee retaliates bounced.
Fitch then goes  leading one of them  Rikki Coleman  to attempt suicide.
Nick shows Judge Harkin surveillance footage.
Rohr loses a key witness due  and after confronting Fitch  decides.
He can not win the case.
He asks his firm s partners.
Fitch sends an operative  Janovich  to kidnap Marlee.
She fights him off and raises Fitch s price.
Rohr changes his mind and refuses to pay.
Fitch agrees to pay Marlee to be certain of the verdict.
Nick receives confirmation.
He steers the jury deliberation  much to the chagrin of Herrera.
Who launches  confessing his contemptuous disregard of the law and case facts.
Frank s tirade undermines any support.
He may have had.
The gun manufacturer is found liable.
Meanwhile  Doyle  a Fitch subordinate  tracks down Nick s history.
Where he discovers that Nick is really Jeff Kerr  a talented former law student drop-out  and that Marlee s real name is Gabby Brandt.
Gabby s sister died.
The town sued.
The gun manufacturer and Fitch helped to win the case  bankrupting the town of Gardner.
Doyle concludes.
Nick and Marlee s intent is a.
He frantically calls Fitch  but it is too late.
Nick and Marlee confront Fitch with a receipt for the $ 15 million bribe and demand.
He retire.
They inform him.
The $ 15 million will benefit the shooting victims.
<EOS>
The movie begins  After years of covering one armed conflict after another  American journalist Simon Hunt is in Bosnia-Herzegovina in early 1994 reporting on the war taking place there.
He s managed to romance a local Muslim girl.
Who is pregnant.
However   she gets killed by the Bosnian Serb forces.
When they overrun her village.
Simon vows revenge on the Bosnian Serb political leader Radoslav Bogdanovic -- known as The Fox.
Reporting  Simon loses his composure at the network anchor Franklin Harris  suggestion.
The Serb attack may have been a reaction from inside the village.
Simon s journalistic career takes a tumble.
Those go in the opposite direction.
His professional prospects spiral downhill.
Duck gets a cushy job.
Hunt is left following war  as a freelancer  in an attempt to get back on US network television map.
Duck returns to Bosnian capital Sarajevo anchor Franklin Harris covering the fifth anniversary of the agreement.
To shoot a puff piece.
Ended the war  along  and son of the network vice-president  Benjamin.
Duck runs.
Simon is by this point  a desperate half-drunk cynic reduced to filing freelance reports for underfunded news outlets in places like Jamaica and Poland.
All the while  he s looking.
He tells Duck.
He has located Bogdanovic who is now wanted for war crimes with a US$ 5 million bounty on his head  and that he d be interested in trying to score an interview with the fugitive.
The Fox is assumed to be  near the border with Montenegro with various stories circulating about him  such as.
He enjoys fox hunting and that the head is a ruthless psychopath with a tattooed forehead.
Convinced  Duck comes along to shoot the interview  with Benjamin in tow.
Simon confesses his plan to capture the Fox -- something Duck and Benjamin consider insane even to think about.
The group is mistaken for a CIA hit squad by several groups  including the United Nations police force and the Serbs themselves  at one point  at the initiative of Benjamin  they claim to be CIA agents themselves  using a threat to avoid paying a fee for a tip.
Still  Boris  the local area UN commander puts them.
Simon  Duck  and Benjamin are then captured and taken to a barn to be executed.
Where axe-wielding Srdjan -- who s got the phrase    tattooed -- is preparing to kill them through torture.
A team of CIA assassins storms the barn and frees the journalists.
Fox escapes.
It quickly becomes evident.
Even  there are people who do not wish the Fox to be captured.
The CIA orders bound.
The journalists to board an airplane.
They run away to carry out their plan to catch the Fox.
They capture him.
He is hunting without his guards.
The journalists then release him   in a village called Polje filled with the surviving family members of victims of his war crimes.
The screen goes to black.
The movie ends.
The following message is shown  This is followed.
Various characters get shown.
<EOS>
The Secret Service attempt to prevent an elaborately plotted assassination attempt.
Secret Service Agent Alex McGregor is charged.
Who is facing problems.
P.
Hunter win the election.
Who helped him.
Alex s fiancee Grant Coleman is now close friends after helping save Jess  life after the kidnapping  and intends to marry Alex.
The conspirators intend to assassinate the President while to inaugurate the cable wire transportation Skytran.
They hire professional killer/seductress Nina Stahl and her hacker brother Evan.
Alex faces difficulties protecting the President.
Part compromised and serving the purposes of the.
<EOS>
Breaking The Ice begins.
Tommy Martin and his mother  Martha Martin say goodbye.
Where Tommy and Martha stay.
That night s discuss the possibility of Tommy and Martha returning to their home in Kansas to work their farm  having fully recovered from the death of Mr Marti.
William Decker does not wish to allow them to return.
Tommy suggests.
Henry Johnson would be happy to assist.
Mrs Decker agrees.
Henry had displayed affections while he was at the farm.
It is decided.
In order to get both Tommy and Martha home  $ 92 would be needed to pay the train fare home.
Writes Henry for the $.
He wishes to marry Martha and send her home.
Henry is to respond.
William gives the letter.
Who is to mail it when he is through.
Instead  Tommy tears the letter up and does not send it.
Enter Samuel Terwilliger  a street-smart  money-making man.
Tommy tells Mr Terwilliger.
He has saved old newspapers to buy.
A man comes by to drop off money.
Tommy runs.
Tommy takes the money and sets it.
Next is the trunk.
Where Tommy kept the newspapers.
One landed in a newspaper  to be taken to Mr Terwilliger.
Tommy was rummaging.
Terwilliger get to talking Tommy learns about Philadelphia  Mr Terwilliger s home town.
That evening  Tommy decides to go with Mr Terwilliger.
He sneaks out and hops in Mr Terwilliger s wagon.
Mr Terwilliger and Tommy travel along the next day  and with a train  make it to Philadelphia.
Soon Tommy gets a job  scraping the ice after the performers practice.
Back  William has discovered the missing twenty dollars  and blames Tommy for taking it.
Every week  Tommy sends a letter home.
William remains angry.
One day is scraping the ice  he sings along to a song.
The band is playing.
The manager offers to hire him on as a singer for the shows.
Mr Terwilliger acts  and negotiates a wage.
Later Tommy finds out.
MrTerwilliger had been secretly keeping Tommy s money.
Tommy uses the stashed money to return home.
He is greeted with joy from everyone except for William.
Who insists.
Tommy traces the money back  and realizes.
It fell Mr Terwilliger used to stuff an antique chair.
The two then run around the country in order to seek the chair  and find the twenty dollars.
Finally  they locate the chair  and bring the twenty dollars back home.
Tommy and Martha can finally go home.
All debts cleared.
Where they run the farm.
<EOS>
Enduringly traumatized Chris.
By the disappearance  Julia Sandburg has cut herself off from anyone once near and dear to her  including her husband Doug and her son.
Who tried to penetrate her wall of isolation and despair  without success.
But she lost so long ago.
When Julia meets Louise  a troubled young woman  all Julia s old psychological wounds painfully resurface  as do her illogical and increasingly irrational hope that Louise may be the daughter.
<EOS>
A physician s death orphans his two adolescent daughters.
Their older brother is able to convert some to cash.
It is  and.
The banks closed he stores the money safe.
The slatternly housekeeper  aware  enlists a criminal acquaintance to help crack the safe.
They lock the daughters.
The drunken housekeeper menaces them.
The resourceful girls use the telephone to call their brother.
Who has returned.
He gets the message and organizes a rescue party.
<EOS>
The film jumps.
When he was.
Who   used his nightclub act to pour out his personal frustrations.
We watch as up-and-coming Bruce courts his Shiksa goddess  a stripper named Honey.
Lenny is encouraged to do a safe act.
He can not do it.
Lenny develops a near-messianic complex.
Fuels both his comedy genius and his talent.
Worn out  Lenny Bruce dies of a morphine overdose in.
<EOS>
The film follows 8 at the time of filming  in.
The plot centers.
Six of the eight players had joined NBA teams.
All eight players were on NBA teams  with Kyle Singler being the last one drafted and the only one to win an NCAA Championship.
He won while playing.
<EOS>
Datuk Pengiran Abdul Rahman has asked his lawyer to find the people to inherit his fortune.
There are still two more people on the list.
One is Saiful  an orphan and a mechanic.
Who do not see that he will be inheriting his dad s million-dollar fortune.
He has never seen his dad before.
The other is Ratnapuri  a Siamese woman.
Azlee  Datuk s eldest son  can not accept the presence and also Ratnapuri.
When his father s will is read.
<EOS>
Sweepstakes G.
Winner Joe is taken by con men.
Y.
Prince and R.
O.
Broad.
The Stooges head.
Instead  they find two sympathetic businessmen.
Who offer to pay back the losses if Moe  Larry and Joe will pose.
Montgomery.
But Montgomery is actually Prince s and Broad s gang leader  and plotting to kill the Stooges.
<EOS>
Buster Keaton and Virginia Fox play young lovers.
Who live.
Their families feud  resulting in much mayhem and slapstick.
<EOS>
A seemingly down Arun by day leads a life of a computer hacker and thief by night.
He wishes to turn.
When he meets a girl whom he fancies.
But Arun s rogue brother does not think likewise.
Who has been blackmailing him to do his dirty deeds.
A deep love hate relationship.
Unfolded into a life of crime.
Forms the crux.
Arun chooses.
<EOS>
Jack Lawrence is a smart allec lawyer.
Who is one day visited.
Enter Dale Putley  a depressed goofball  meets.
Who is also a writer.
Who tells him her kid is his.
One day Jack and Dale meet and discover  they ve been told the same story.
What had happened.
Now there s a question.
Who the real father is.
They learn.
Their son is following a rock band called Sugar Ray around.
So Jack and Dale hit the road and find their drunk  lovestruck son.
Their son escapes and Jack and Dale must use teamwork to find him again  bring him home  and find out.
After they bring him back.
One is the real father.
<EOS>
Godfrey Smith is living alongside other men down on their luck at the city dump.
One night  spoiled socialite Cornelia Bullock offers him five dollars to be her forgotten man.
Annoyed  he advances  causing her to retreat and fall on a pile of ashes.
She leaves  much to the glee of her younger sister  Irene.
Godfrey finds her to be kind  if a bit.
He offers to go to help her beat Cornelia.
Irene s long-suffering businessman father  Alexander Bullock  waits resignedly as his ditsy wife  Angelica  and her mooching protege Carlo play the frivolous game.
Godfrey arrives and is authenticated as a forgotten man.
He then addresses the idle rich  expressing his contempt.
Irene is apologetic and offers him a job.
He gratefully accepts.
The next morning  Godfrey is shown  wise-cracking maid  Molly  the only servant.
What to do.
Who has been able to put up.
She warns him.
He is just the latest.
Only slightly daunted  he proves to be surprisingly competent.
Cornelia still holds a sizeable grudge.
Irene considers Godfrey to be her protege  and is thrilled by his success.
A complication arises.
When a guest  Tommy Gray  greets Godfrey familiarly.
Godfrey quickly.
He was Tommy s valet.
Tommy plays along  mentioning Godfrey s non-existent wife and five children.
Dismayed  Irene impulsively announces her engagement.
She soon breaks down after being politely congratulated by Godfrey.
The next day  Tommy is curious to know.
What one is doing as a servant.
Godfrey explains.
A broken love affair had left him considering suicide.
The optimistic  undaunted attitude rekindled his spirit.
Meanwhile   Cornelia sneaks her pearl necklace under his mattress.
When everything she does to make Godfrey s life miserable fails.
She then calls the police to report her missing jewelry.
The pearls do not turn up.
When she suggests they check Godfrey s bed.
Mr Bullock realizes.
His daughter has orchestrated the whole thing and sees the policemen out.
The Bullocks then send their daughters to get Irene away from Godfrey.
Cornelia implies.
When they return.
She intends to seduce Godfrey.
Worried  Irene stages a fainting spell and falls.
He carries her.
He realizes.
Searching. 
She s faking when he sees her sit up briefly.
He puts her in the shower and turns on the cold water full blast.
Far  this merely confirms her hopes  Oh Godfrey  now I know  You do.
You love me.
You would nt have lost your temper.
Godfrey quits.
When confronted.
But Mr Bullock has more pressing concerns.
He first has a private little chat  throwing the freeloader out.
He then announces.
His business is and that he might even be facing criminal charges.
Godfrey interrupts -- realizing Mr Bullock s problems  Godfrey had sold short  using money raised by pawning Cornelia s necklace  then buying up the stock.
Bullock had sold.
He endorses to the stunned Mr Bullock  saving the family from financial ruin.
He also returns the necklace.
Who apologizes.
Afterwards  Godfrey takes his leave.
Godfrey has built a fashionable nightclub at the dump   giving food and shelter to fifty people in the winter  and giving them employment in the summer.
Godfrey tells Tommy.
He quit being the Bullocks  butler because he felt that foolish feeling coming along again.
Later on   Godfrey  it ll all be over.
Irene tracks him down and bulldozes him  saying  Stand still.
<EOS>
Althea is the mother.
Althea s husband leaves her  this has a horrible influence.
Jennifer ca nt accept this.
When Althea starts.
Meanwhile  Althea is irritated.
<EOS>
A greedy man betrays his friend and falls with his wife.
Who is a rich lady.
He kills him and marries the widow.
He steals her money and jewellery and mistreats her.
He is then arrested and receives his punishment.
<EOS>
Grigori Rasputin becomes a fixture after saving the life of Alexei Nikolaevich  Tsarevich of Russia  the haemophiliac heir to the throne.
Rasputin s enemies see him.
As war breaks out.
<EOS>
Hancock plays a downtrodden London office clerk.
Who gives up his office job to pursue full-time his vocation.
He sets to work on his masterpiece Aphrodite at the Waterhole  moving to Paris.
Where he expects his genius will be appreciated.
Legitimate art critics   scoff at his work.
His ideas and persona gain acceptance set.
He manages to achieve success  however.
When the work  a genuinely talented painter  becomes confused with his own.
The confusion is eventually resolved.
He returns  down.
Where he pursues his art.
The film consists.
The scene showing Hancock splashing paint and riding a bike over it  is quite reminiscent of Jackson Pollock s technique.
The childlike paintings parody the naive style.
<EOS>
The story involves four teenage comrades.
Who take a rowboat that flows into a mysterious cave and emerges on the other side onto a strange  primeval landscape.
The boy actors were Josef Lukas  Petr Herrmann  Zdenek Hustak  and Vladimir Bejval.
They realise.
They make their way upstream.
They are travelling progressively farther back  and facing various perils as they do so.
The animals depicted do.
It is assumed.
Different parts represented distinct time periods.
The plot is somewhat similar by the Russian palaeontologist Vladimir Obruchev.
Which a team enter the Earth s crust via an Arctic portal  and follow a river that leads them through a sequence of past geological eras and associated animal life.
<EOS>
Pusser  at his wife Pauline s behest  retires and moves back to Tennessee to start a logging business with his father  Carl Pusser.
He visits a gambling and prostitution establishment  the Lucky Spot  and is beaten up after catching them cheating at craps.
Pusser is seriously injured and receives over 200 stitches.
He complains but is ignored  and soon becomes aware of the rampant corruption in McNairy County.
Pusser decides to clean up the county and runs.
Buford Pusser wins  and becomes famous.
He uses in dispatching criminals and destroying their clandestine gambling dens and illegal distilleries.
Some residents praise Buford Pusser  others denounce him as a bully willing to break some laws to uphold others.
Pusser is attacked several times.
Finally he and Pauline are ambushed.
Pauline is killed.
Pusser is seriously injured.
He is admitted.
Being shot and while  rams a sheriff cruiser through the front doors of the Lucky Spot  killing two of his would-be assassins.
The townspeople arrive and begin throwing the gambling tables out.
He leaves.
They light a bonfire.
An overwhelmed Pusser wipes tears.
<EOS>
Toxins are being dumped into abandoned mines  causing environmental havoc.
The locals  mindful owners  can do nothing.
Environmental Protection Agency CID agent Jack Taggert is sent to investigate.
A fellow agent is found dead  probably not.
The EPA has received an anonymous letter.
Taggert goes.
There undercover to continue his colleague s investigations.
It is discovered that Hanner Coal Company  owned.
Is being paid to dump toxic waste.
Jack is assigned to go.
He stays  and begins his cover work by repairing the roof at a house.
Where one is sick because of the pollution.
He attempts to question the family.
They do not have much to say.
He has little better results elsewhere  even the man is decidedly taciturn.
Who tipped off the EPA.
Taggert wanders  and is accosted by the growers.
Testing the water.
He tells them.
He has no interest.
The men responsible soon notice Taggert s presence.
He is threatened by Hanner s son Orin  Jr.
The incompetent local tool  and several thugs that work for them.
The thugs start by leaving two rattlesnakes in his dwelling  Taggert responds by capturing the snakes alive and leaving them in the pickup  causing them to crash.
The thugs were driving.
Five of them attack him  and receive a severe beating as a result.
He is buying supplies.
Orin then orders one to arrange an accident by running him off the road.
Taggert escapes alive.
The driver is killed.
Taggert strikes up a relationship.
These conflicts are occurring.
Who lives.
She is regarded.
Which she was accused but not convicted.
Eventually  she agrees to testify  much to the anger of her brother Earl.
Who actually committed the crime.
He sets the church  killing the preacher.
Who was helping Taggert.
Then attempts to collapse the mine.
Taggert escapes.
Several miners are killed.
Taggert calls the FBI to take Sarah into protective custody.
However  they are revealed to be corrupt.
A firefight ensues.
Taggert kills one agent  then sends the second back.
He ll be coming next.
However   he gets off.
When Orin is arrested and charged.
Taggert goes back and fights his way past the last of Orin  Jr s thugs  then demands the truth from him.
Orin agrees to turn state s evidence  implicating his father.
Taggert goes to arrest Orin  Sr.
Orin produces a gun and resists  but Taggert shoots him in the shoulder.
He is taken.
Taggert then returns.
Where he is reunited.
<EOS>
A young couple  Havana & Peter  rob a county fair and escape to Canada to hide out in the Hutterite community.
Where Peter was raised.
They get married to satisfy the conservative elders.
There. 
Peter hides their loot  but then is killed in a car wreck.
His much younger brother Zeke is called to replace his brother and marry Havana in a levirate marriage.
Zeke already hates Havana.
He believes that she influences his elder brother s behavior.
She begins looking.
Was Peter s.
Zeke rightly deduces that Peter hid something.
He finds the money  along.
Mentions Peter.
Zeke initially uses the cash to trick his bride.
Later he shows it.
Who deem that it should be returned.
Zeke and Havana are sent to return the money.
The two eventually forget their initial animosity and grow protective of each other.
Zeke promises to return and give her a real kiss.
When Havana kisses him goodbye.
When he is older.
<EOS>
The story takes place in a remote South Indian railway station.
Where four passengers are left stranded.
A serial killer is.
The dreaded night forms the crux of the film.
<EOS>
Kishen Verma is an industrialist.
Who heads the Verma empire.
His relatives are his mother  his uncle and his cousin Bhanu.
One day  he finds his cousin defrauding the company and banishes him.
To expand his business  Kishen decides to investigate prospects.
Here he meets a village belle named Radha.
Kishen starts teaching English to Radha and some other people in village.
Kishen and Radha slowly fall with each other.
Unknown  somebody is stalking him and reading his mails.
Kishen leaves the village and promises to come back.
Kishen is surprised to see a mourning at his home.
He is even more confused to see people looking astonishingly.
But  he gets a shock.
When he sees the portrait  signifying that his mother is dead.
The real sucker punch comes.
When he sees his duplicate to his mother s portrait.
His duplicate claims the same.
When he tells that he is Kishen.
The duplicate astonishes him.
When he prods the duplicate to tell something.
Kishen is unable to think as.
The duplicate could know.
He knows.
His pet dog will identify the real master.
Kishen is thrown out.
When the dog  too  goes.
Meanwhile Kishen learns.
He smells foul play.
He somehow succeeds to infiltrate.
Is now run.
But  he gets arrested.
Another servant tells Kishen.
Probably killed her.
Kishen also notices.
Chander is back.
Meanwhile  Radha comes to meet Kishen.
But   she thinks.
When she sees Kishen partying.
Kishen has forgotten her.
She turns to go back.
The real Kishen has escaped police custody.
He stops her and explains the whole story.
He  Radha and Goonga  a dumb convict  plan to set things straight.
Who has escaped.
The trio hide themselves.
Takes them.
Here  Kishen meets a girl.
Who calls him Tony.
Slowly  he comes to realize.
His duplicate s name is Tony Breganza.
Tony works.
A saxophonist called Three Aces and has a girlfriend there.
Kishen starts gathering all information.
The trio return.
Radha pretends to be a girl named Rita and gains access.
Kishen has identified key players  Chander  Tony and Inspector T.
T.
Dholak.
He creates a rift.
An enraged Tony threatens to expose his partners.
What he calls his trump card.
The angered partners take him.
Who is revealed to be Kishen s uncle.
Now  Tony shows his trump card -- he tells them.
His men have kept her.
She knows nothing or the events happening.
Meanwhile  Kishen discovers the depth.
He finds.
His dog could not identify him as it was not his dog.
His dog  too  had been replaced.
Now  Kishen comes back  impersonating Tony and makes Tony s partners throw Tony.
Kishen was thrown.
Tony comes.
Where he has hid Kishen s mother and convinces her that he is Kishen.
Kishen arrives there  too.
Kishen s mother tricks the duo and finds.
Who is her son.
Just then  all the villains show up.
Kishen s uncle goes on to explain.
He never liked the way his dead brother left the entire estate.
He explains.
Chander was not the only one looting the money.
He went.
When Chander was thrown out.
Goa to find him.
Where he met Tony.
Kishen surprises.
The whole plot is explained.
He had anticipated this  The money he used to lure out the villains.
Dholak comes out holding a trigger on Radha s head.
Even Kishen is surprised.
When Goonga re-introduces himself.
He explains.
He was sent undercover as even he smelled a rat.
Ensues. 
Tony surprises.
There can be only one Kishen.
Kishen and Radha are united.
<EOS>
Rock N  Roll tells the story  of his return to Chennai from South Africa for a brief visit  and of the incidents happening in that short span.
Gunasekharan  a leading music composer  is busy.
He feels  it would be better.
He gets the help  who is now busy with his international concerts.
But Mouli  a fun loving and jovial musician  makes a surprise landing and helps Guna in his work.
Mouli accidentally falls with Daya Sreenivasan  the female playback singer.
Who is also an ardent fan.
But  she moves back to Mumbai.
Mouli plots a plan.
Thabala Balu to bring her back.
He makes and wants Daya to sing it.
Daya believe that he is now composing a dozen songs.
Daya   is not impressed.
Who comes back.
Mouli takes it and composes a song entirely dedicated to her.
When she openly expresses her unhappiness.
However  Daya is unable to attend the studio.
She is getting married.
Mouli enters the marriage venue and takes Daya despite the opposition from her family members.
Daya   realizes his love and opens her mind to him.
Who is fully in love with Mouli.
The film ends.
His old habits still not gone.
<EOS>
Achutha Menon and Ravunni Menon are brothers.
Who part ways when they are young.
However  they mend fences.
When age catches up and become thick friends.
Achutha Menon is shattered.
Who had stood through thick and thin for the last 40 years.
Ravunni Menon s woes are worse   his children neglect him.
Ravunni Menon is also suffering.
The film ends.
Woes.
<EOS>
Mastermind Charlie Mascarenhas and his accomplice Riya are one.
A friend is killed by the Russian mafia.
His wife hands Charlie a CD containing information about the transfer of gold by train from Russia to Romania.
Charlie decides to rob the train.
They hire a team to join them in the robbery.
The group includes Spider.
Who is a world-class hacker  an explosives expert Bilal Bashir  a prosthetic makeup artist Sunny  and an illusionist Ronnie.
Charlie is also having an affair.
Who knows nothing.
The group devise a plan to rob the Russian train possible.
Spider hacks uses his illusion to trick the soldiers guarding the gold.
The rest transfer the gold from the train.
The robbery is executed successfully.
While celebrating Spider double crosses the gang and tries to flee.
Spider is stopped.
Who is then shot multiple times.
The group are chased.
Ronnie and Riya are killed.
Charlie  Bilal and Sunny manage to escape up the location and flees with the gold.
Charlie calls Victor to tell him.
Naina overhears the conversation.
Spider s assassins breaks into the house and murder Victor.
Naina decides to cut all contact.
Charlie contacts various gold dealers to find.
One has the stolen gold that Spider escaped.
The gang locate a dealer.
Who is.
Charlie explains.
The gang only wanted to steal the gold so they could help achieve Victor s dream.
Naina understands and teams up to exact revenge on Spider.
They discover.
Riya is still alive and living there.
She explains.
She also wanted revenge and provides the gang with the information about Spider s residence.
Unaware  Spider flirts with Naina and takes her to his villa.
Spider finds a hidden camera and realises.
She is working.
Spider tries to move the gold.
The gang  using three large trucks and into the traffic system  take the gold and hide it inside three Mini Coopers.
They are caught and discover.
As they are about to leave New Zealand.
Riya was working all along.
Spider tries to force the gang.
The trunks are empty.
Spider betrays Riya and threatens to kill her.
Riya shoots herself and Spider stabs Charlie.
Charlie can reveal the real location.
Spider tries to escape.
Sunny and Bilal stop him and beat him up badly.
Naina   shoots Spider thrice.
Who wants revenge.
It is then revealed.
The real Mini Coopers containing the gold are elsewhere.
Spider makes a final call and tells them.
The four leave the scene.
Charlie has stolen Russian gold.
The gang take the real Mini Coopers and leave  but the Mafia stop them to check the cars.
Once again they are found to be empty.
It is then revealed.
The Mini Coopers were made out.
Bilal opens a car dealership business  Sunny becomes a theater actor  Charlie and Naina open Victor s dream orphanage.
Charlie raises Ronnie s daughter.
<EOS>
An outer-space terrorist - a brain-shaped creature named Gor - arrives on Earth and possesses young scientist Steve March.
Gor then proceeds to use his vast  destructive powers to bend the world  threatening to wipe out the capital city of any nation.
Defies him.
Meanwhile  another brain - named Vol - arrives on Earth and eventually inhabits the body of March s fiancee s dog.
Vol explains.
Gor is a wanted criminal.
Gor s only weakness is the Fissure.
He is only vulnerable.
When he needs to exit his host to absorb oxygen.
<EOS>
Boris Grushenko  a coward and pacifist scholar  is forced to enlist.
When Napoleon invades the Russian Empire.
His cousin Sonja is to wed a herring merchant.
He inadvertently captures a group.
As the French army reaches Moscow immediately afterward.
He returns and marries the recently-widowed Sonja  a marriage filled  and no money.
Boris thinks.
The French invasion should put an end to the war.
His narcissistic wife  angered  conceives a plot to assassinate Napoleon.
The invasion will interfere.
Boris and Sonja debate the matter.
Boris reluctantly goes along.
Sonja escapes arrest.
Boris is executed.
<EOS>
The Royals are multi-ethnic street gang led by Troy.
Troy is aware.
A life can only lead to a dead end.
Therefore he has been trying  to motivate the band towards a serious goal as professional performers.
However there are those specifically Joey.
Who wish to derail Troy s plan  claiming that their performing is distracting them.
Meanwhile  McGruder  a corrupt police officer is making life even harder.
Are the Mechanics  a rival gang trying to take.
The Mechanics have been selling bad drugs and are also trying to extort protection money.
A violent face-off results in only the Royals being jailed.
It is discovered McGruder is being paid off.
The Royals use their time to rehearse their songs.
A drunken inmate  Mr Delamo  is impressed and offers his assistance  telling them.
He owns Twilight Records.
Dubious but curious  the Royals visit Delamo only to be rebuffed by his yuppie assistant and daughter  Brooke.
The Royals leave.
Brooke decides to bring the band to her father s attention.
He agrees.
They are talented  but unpolished.
Unable to locate the Royals  Brooke gets the idea to stage a talent contest  claiming.
There must be other talented bands out there as well.
Again her father agrees -- but -- the contest.
Will impress local politicians and the stockholders.
Further  he stipulates.
Any contestants that get with police will be disqualified.
Therefore  the mayor s office officially supports the contest as well.
The contest galvanizes the community  thus reducing street violence and crime.
The Royals concentrate on the street  Delamo s profile in the community is boosted.
Troy and Brooke begin to fall.
The Mechanics   gear up to take over business in the Royals  neighborhood.
Troy restrains the Royals.
He fears trouble will exclude them.
Also  Delamo threatens Troy.
A continued liaison will result in serious problems for Troy.
To prove his point  Delamo calls to exert pressure on Troy.
Troy  however  will do nothing.
He is convinced.
The Royals will win the contest.
He contains his anger and focuses all his energies.
When Brooke decides not to see Troy.
It pays off.
The Royals do indeed win the contest  and the grand prize.
Victors  the Royals  jubilation is cut short.
When the Mechanics savagely kill one.
Free to react  the Royals enter with the Mechanics  ultimately vanquishing them.
Their dignity preserved and their future brighter  the Royals look ahead.
Originally  the film was to be called Cry.
It was being filmed.
It was produced.
Who was dubbed and made more money for organized crime than anyone since Al Capone.
The film was held as Knights of the City in 1986 by New World Pictures.
Music includes tracks from The Fat Boys  Kurtis Blow  Shannon  Harry Wayne Casey and Miami singer Michael Sterling.
The contest hosts are Jeff Kutash and Smokey Robinson.
During June 2010 Lakeshore Entertainment successors-in-interest sold out their rights in the film to Bryanston Distributing Company.
<EOS>
Oliver Tressilian  a wealthy baronet  is shanghaied and blamed for the death of Peter Godolphin  brother of Oliver s fiancee.
Whom Lionel actually has slain.
Oliver is captured by Spaniards and made a galley slave.
He becomes Sakr-el-Bahr  the scourge.
When he escapes.
Learning  he kidnaps both of them.
To avoid the risk  he surrenders to a British ship.
Rosamund intercedes to save his life.
They are married.
<EOS>
A young and reckless criminal Jim  stows away Chris Johnston s boat after killing two men.
They are caught and are shipwrecked off a beautiful island.
They sail out.
Is inhabited.
The village elder Queen Pua.
The lonely and beautiful women are friendly and flirtatious with the two brothers -LRB- the only remaining survivors.
Chris falls.
Jim  being a wanted man  seeks to escape before the naval ship sent to rescue them arrives.
Terrified  Jim fixes one of the islanders broken boats and lets his brother and his forbidden love in on his plan.
But  the black hearted criminal is overcome and steals the islanders precious pearls  injuring a native in the process.
They can leave.
Once out Chris discovers.
What his sibling has done and tries to stop him.
Jim tries to get away.
He gets tangled ropes and falls to the sea.
Where the shark kills him finally punishing him.
<EOS>
Four beauty pageant contestants   set sail.
Who are vying.
They ended up stranded.
Their vessel got caught up.
Together  the four ladies found life anything but dull.
<EOS>
Keroro skips out.
They encounter a mystery shrine resembling a space fort.
They head home.
He accidentally drops a 100-yen coin  forcing him and Fuyuki to go after it.
Keroro prepares to give a monetary offering.
Is a prehistoric-looking jungle.
Where Fuyuki finds an ancient dome and a small glass container.
He knocks.
Keroro triumphantly finds his coin.
Breaks  causing the orb to shine wildly.
The duo dashes out  leaving the remaining piece of the container to transform into a pink Keronian creature.
Keroro attempts to fix the container.
He discovers a small red X.
Keroro builds his new GM Sniper Custom model.
He goes to tell them about his dilemma.
Neither are of any help.
That night  a menacing white Keronian appears  and gives numerous Earthlings the same red X.
The next day  it is discovered.
Anyone who possesses this red mark gains telepathic powers named Revocommi  allowing them to communicate.
The X mark is also contagious  it can be spread to another  allowing other people to become Revolutor.
Keroro then orders Kururu to create an amplifying device  planning to use his new power to send amplified orders  putting them under his control.
That night  the white Keronian sends out a strange signal.
The next day  everyone has become depressed  this is.
The Revolutor can sense each other s malicious thoughts  they re avoiding others  and begin to withdraw.
There s no need.
What s more  because.
The entire city shuts down.
That night  strange green orbs emerge  and are fed to the white Keronian.
The pink Keronian arrives in a gigantic Keronian statue.
Keroro s order-magnifying helmet is completed.
The Keronian introduces herself.
She is fascinated  but is frightened to see the X symbol on everyone  and tells them a story  The red X is a part of the Keronian weapon named Kiruru.
Was sealed away by the Keron Army.
It grows and multiplies.
Which it destroys the planet.
The only thing is strong friendship and a heart  but  more negative energy is produced.
Can reseal Kiruru.
When Mirara reminds the group that invaders and invadees are sworn enemies.
Kiruru grows stronger.
She turns for help  but only ends up causing the same problem.
Having absorbed everyone s malicious thoughts  Kiruru transforms through the city.
The Keroro Platoon decides to take matters and send Giroro and Tamama to attack Kiruru.
Even their most powerful attacks fail to put a scratch.
Seeing no other alternative  Keroro dons the helmet  intending to enlarge himself and send orders.
But  he decides to stall Kiruru and figure out a way to stop Kiruru.
When that fails.
Fuyuki  Natsumi  and Giroro head.
Back  Fuyuki and Natsumi discover.
It was Kiruru that destroyed the dinosaurs.
He starts multiplying.
When Kiruru absorbs enough dark emotions.
Only Mirara can stop Kiruru.
Keroro finally admits defeat.
Who then absorbs his energy  transforming.
Keroro returns to see the Hinata household.
The good memories Keroro and Fuyuki share together cause the red X.
Mirara appears and gives the group red circles.
Which she transforms.
Using Mirara s Keronian statue  Keroro and Fuyuki are close to approaching the tower.
As soon  Kiruru starts to clone himself and chases.
They come.
The statue crash lands  leaving the others to take care.
Keroro and Fuyuki find a new mode in the form of Mutsumi s giant paper airplane.
The Kirurus continue to multiply.
Kululu finally tosses it towards the X.
Is shielded.
The barrier is broken.
When Giroro flies his mech.
Natsumi and Giroro hold off the Kirurus.
Fuyuki and Keroro go.
The duo find a gigantic glass vase with a key-shaped slot.
They finally seal away Kiruru.
The Kiruru Tower disappears.
<EOS>
Film director and screenwriter Kim Jung-rae asks his friend Won Chang-wook to drive from the homes in Seoul to the resort town of Shinduri  on the western coast of South Korea.
Chang-wook initially resists  but accepts the request.
He can bring Kim Mun-suk  a composer and aspiring singer whom he describes.
Jung-rae is writing a treatment  concerning the mysterious connections -- themes.
Undergird everyday life.
Play a major role.
Mun-suk quickly makes clear.
She does not consider herself Chang-wook s girlfriend.
She finds herself and Jung-rae increasing drawn together.
Mun-suk discusses her years living abroad and reveals with Europeans  a fact.
The three drive on.
She has had a number.
Greatly disturbs both Chang-wood and.
Mun-suk is particularly disappointed  claiming  You re not like your films.
Nevertheless  Mun-suk and Jung-rae later kiss and then sleep together in a low-rent hotel room.
The next day back to Seoul  Jung-rae pulls back from his intimacy with Mun-suk and returns to the beach alone two days later.
Missing Mun-suk  Jung-rae hits on two women.
Of whom vaguely resembles.
Jung-rae proceeds to seduce Choi Sun-hee had Mun-suk just a few days prior.
Jung-rae is surprised to find.
Sleeping in the same beachside motel where he d been with.
Mun-suk has returned  found his room  and started banging on the door loudly and very late at night.
Jung-rae sneaks Sun-hee out through a separate exit the next morning.
Mun-suk sleeps with a terrible hangover.
Jung-rae attempts to reconcile and lies about his night with.
His lie is increasingly transparent.
Having alienated Mun-suk and left Sun-hee  Jung-rae returns to Seoul with a creative breakthrough on his screenplay.
<EOS>
Ermo is a hardworking village woman.
Who makes noodles to feed her husband and child.
She is consumed.
When her neighbor buys a brand new television.
Desperate to own the largest television  she becomes obsessive in her desire to earn money  eventually leaving the village to work in town.
Her efforts to earn enough money damages her health and her relationship.
The film demonstrates new trends and changes.
The Chinese society is experiencing.
Ermo becomes a wise merchant and a consumer.
Her elder husband still drinks his Chinese medicine and sees himself.
Her husband remains impotent  both physically and metaphorically.
Ermo is becoming more and more attracted  her business-oriented neighbor  and the lifestyle he represents.
It is evident.
The film progresses.
The competent capitalist-minded characters also do not find satisfaction.
It is clear that those who does nt join the race are completely irrelevant.
<EOS>
The documentary asserts.
Airline passengers and crews have been supplied with unfiltered air to breathe taken directly from the engines.
Shares contaminated.
Certain political advocacy groups have alleged that this air supply sometimes becomes.
The film investigates the supposed cover-up as well as alleged consequences.
Might have been exposed.
<EOS>
Loha  is a story the protagonist  a well-meaning but disgraced cop  determined to fight a corrupt system  taking to task miscreants and criminals in his city.
The movie begins  Lukkabhai ousts his erstwhile mentor Tandyabhai to emerge as the reigning champion of a crime infested world.
Elsewhere  Arjun  an ex-military personnel  has forfeited his love and a respectable military career.
Arjun seeks obsessive refuge in liquor.
Shankar chances incidentally and rescues Arjun.
When Arjun hits the rock bottom.
Meanwhile  severely inconvenienced  Lukkabhai molests Shankar s sister to teach Shankar a lesson and has her killed.
Infuriated  Shankar teams up.
Who now is indebted  as LukkaBhai had chopped his hands off.
Together  they deliver the king pin to a well-deserved end.
Re-instating a proverbial triumph  restoring harmony and justice in the society.
Thereby resurrecting their previously bruised societal images.
<EOS>
Richard Gere as Sally Eastman Lolita Davidovich as Olivia Marshak Martin Landau as Neal David Selby as Richard Quarry Jennifer Morrison as Meaghan Eastman.
<EOS>
The province has huge mineral riches including uranium  zinc  copper and cobalt.
These were exploited by the Union Miniere du Haut Katanga.
Was nationalized by President Mobutu Sese Seko.
Mobutu lavished wealth.
The mines were soon abandoned  forcing the miners.
More recently new investors have bought.
Katanga Business highlights the charismatic governor.
It shows the great wealth and the abject poverty of the miners.
<EOS>
Police Officer Alex Kearney is a patrolman.
He stops an important businessman.
His story is not believed.
He is sent to work Downtown  the most dangerous  crime filled precinct.
Everyone there is sure.
This. 
Pampered cop is going to get himself and whoever is assigned.
Sergeant Dennis Curren draws the unfortunate ` babysitting  assignment.
Alex throws the book.
When Alex s best friend is killed investigating a stolen car.
<EOS>
Mississippi boy Ray Frye accidentally killed a perverted woman.
A.
Now her vengeful husband  an addict cop no less  is waiting to strike.
When Frye gets out.
But Frye goes out.
When   he boards with the scheming little family of a chintzy car-wash entrepreneur.
There s also a poison-dart serial killer.
Who may or may not be relevant.
<EOS>
Rio de Janeiro is the destination  seeking both personal pleasure and social justice.
The eccentric grouping include  A plastic surgeon  an unconventional new US ambassador to Brazil as well as a filmmaking French couple.
<EOS>
He falls with a nightclub dancer.
When Love  the protagonist  joins the Korean Underworld.
His friend wants to kill him.
<EOS>
The movie is.
Who comes to continue his medical course in Chennai.
A group is in pursuit.
Meanwhile Srimathy  daughter  wants to meet him and thank him for helping her escape from the clutches of some vile elements.
They are surprised.
When Ganesh and Srimathy meet.
They know each other.
The gangsters   vow to kill them.
Why.
Eswari is a shrewish  arrogant kattapanchayat woman.
She lends money and then goes after those families.
Who fail to repay.
Srimathy s family falls afoul.
Ganesh helps Srimathy s folks.
Eswari falls and boldness  She wants him to marry her.
But the hero does nt.
She ends and threatens Ganesh to come to them and marry her.
However  Ganesh thwarts all her plans.
Eventually   Eswari meets her fate.
Mistaking Ganesh to be the reason  Eswari s brothers Periya Karuppu and Veerasamy resolve to kill him.
Ganesh   is eventually forced to go back to fight the baddies and restore order.
Who reaches Chennai.
<EOS>
Balan is a Navy officer.
He falls and later marries Sumitra.
Later he resigns and settles down.
Sumitra s father and cousin Saikumar do not like Balan.
Sumitra commits suicide.
Balan once again gets married.
But  a skeleton is found inside.
When the well gets cleaned.
The forensic reports confirms.
It is Sumitra s skeleton and that she was murdered.
A police officer Muhammed Kutty comes to investigate the case.
It is a rehash.
<EOS>
Gemini Ganesan  the protagonist appears.
Who travels and marry many women.
Lakshmi  Jayasudha and Jayabharathi become his victims.
Himself forms the rest.
He manages to prove.
The film also has kamal Hassan.
Who marries Jayasudha.
The film was later remade with the same title starring Jeevan and Sneha in.
<EOS>
This is an advertising film.
Naunton Wayne  seated  removes his theatrical disguise.
A young woman displaying perfect white teeth  sometimes such an appearance can be deceptive  but.
Who cleans her teeth front and back.
SOLIDOX FREES TEETH FROM TARTAR.
The End.
<EOS>
The cartoon opens.
We see Tom trying to hit a ball out  and finally hits the ball out on his 50th attempt.
The camera pans.
The ball promptly drops itself in  and quickly bounces out.
When Tom takes the flag.
Tom is surprised  and lifts the green  rolling the ball into the hole.
He putts.
When the ball is thrown out again.
The cat shoves the ball.
It is thrown out again.
It is then revealed.
Jerry lives.
He was the one throwing the ball out.
Jerry looks and draws an eyeball on the golf ball   his club misses and wraps around Tom s own neck.
Enrages the cat and causes him to swing.
Jerry escapes temporarily  but is caught.
When Tom hits his golf ball  knocking him silly.
The next scene shows.
Jerry is being used.
Tom places a ball.
Tom then readies his shot.
Cuts out a huge divot while Jerry simply held.
Tom looks far off.
Where his ball is.
Jerry whistles and holds up the ball.
Tom then puts Jerry.
The mouse responds.
Jerry is then forced  Tom hits the ball and poses with his teeth showing.
Proves to be a mistake.
It shatters all his teeth and all his teeth beneath.
Tom s ball is in front of two skinny  long trees.
Tom can not stand  so he is forced to split the trees to hit his ball.
The trees smash his head  apparently decapitating him.
Tom s body walks around and stands directly  somehow reattaching the head to the body.
The ball ends up and triggers a slot machine display on the trunk.
Three lemons appear  so Tom peeks inside the trunk.
An avalanche comes out of the tree  tripping the cat.
Annoyed  Tom returns to his game.
Jerry has replaced his ball.
The egg hatches and the bird comes back to peck  pecking out the blade of the golf club such that the head lands on Tom s head.
Tom hits the egg.
Tom tries to hit another ball.
Jerry has hollowed it out such.
It goes nowhere.
Tom then places the shell at the.
Lands right next.
Jerry   dizzily prances around the hole.
Tom pokes him.
Nobody is looking.
Tom then takes out his scorecard and tries to figure out his score.
He writes down 3  but Jerry scolds him.
Tom writes 33 instead.
Jerry ties the club  Tom ends up flying into the hole  leaving only his head exposed.
When Tom tees off.
Jerry sets up a putt and hits the ball  then whacks the cat on the head  forcing Tom to scream in pain and swallow the ball.
Jerry runs away.
The incensed cat emerges  but continually runs into his own clubs.
Tom then swings a ball with some English on it.
Scoops up the mouse and brings him back.
Tom swings.
Sends a tiny divot through the air.
Jerry uses the divot and drops the golf ball towards Tom like a bomb.
Tom digs a trench to protect himself.
The ball opens to reveal a smaller black ball.
Explodes. 
Meanwhile  Jerry s divot crashes.
Tom pokes.
Tom then climbs.
Jerry spanks the cat.
Causes the cat to peek out where a beehive is hanging.
The bumblebees swarm.
He slowly realizes the situation  dives  and hides in a bush.
Jerry  not to be denied the pleasure  runs the bush over with a lawn mower revealing Tom shaved like a French Poodle.
The bumblebees then chase Tom.
Where a stick is seen.
He can hide underwater where the bumblebees can not reach him.
Jerry then whistles to get the bumblebees  attention  turns a  150 yds.
Sign around to say Guess Who.
The queen bee looks to see Tom.
Who spits water.
Enraged  the queen leads the swarm.
Jerry then places a funnel to assist them in dive-bombing through the stick and into Tom s mouth.
The water is shown  with a drum roll playing.
Then all the water flies.
Tom jumps out and lets.
Jerry then takes a driver and hits a long drive.
Hits Tom square  knocking him out.
Repeated.
<EOS>
The love story of kolkhoz Zakhar Deryugin to young woman Mannya Polivanova during a harvest in Russian village of.
<EOS>
Yogi and Boo Boo are two brown bears.
Who have a penchant  while park rangers Smith and Jones try to prevent them from doing so.
Meanwhile  Rachel  a nature documentary maker  arrives.
She fits Boo Boo with a bow tie containing a miniature camera  so she can get footage of Yogi in his natural habitat.
Meanwhile  Mayor R.
Brown realizes.
Franklin City is facing bankruptcy.
To solve it and fund his election campaign to be the next governor  the mayor decides to select Jellystone.
Jellystone is prepared to be shut down.
To save the park  Ranger Smith holds a Centennial festival.
Where he hopes to make a profit selling Season Passes.
To sabotage the effort  Mayor Brown plays and promises him the position.
The funds are not raised.
Yogi had promised Smith to stay out during the festival.
Jones convinces him to go ahead.
Yogi tries to please the crowd.
Goes awry when he inadvertently sets his cape.
The fireworks Smith set up are knocked over and ignited prematurely  launching them into the assembled audience.
Who flee.
Ranger Smith is forced to stay.
Jellystone is shut down.
A small urban enclave choked  but not after he tells Yogi that Yogi is not as smart as he thinks he is.
Now seeing  Yogi and Boo Boo travel.
Their home is.
Where Smith places the clues that Mayor Brown had given him.
They come back  and along with Rachel plan to stop the sale of the park.
They learn.
Boo Boo s pet frog-mouthed turtle is a rare and endangered species  which means that the Park can not be destroyed there.
Ranger Jones also teams up  after reforming.
When he learns Mayor Brown s plans.
Mayor Brown captures the frog-mouthed turtle from his guards and tells his Chief of Staff to take it away  knowing.
If it is no longer there is nothing to stop him cutting down the trees.
He confesses his plan to shut down the park.
However   Rachel realises.
Mayor Brown begins his press conference.
The camera has been filming the whole time and has captured the Mayor s confession.
The turtle escapes by using his frog-like tongue to pull itself through the car window and out into the park.
Ranger Smith connects Boo Boo s camera to the jumbotron.
Brown s confession is played.
Brown and his guards are arrested.
Brown s chief attempts to run off.
Rachel pins him.
What she learned with snow leopards.
Smith resumes his post.
He and Rachel admit their romantic feelings.
Jones works  handing out leaflets about the rare frog-mouthed turtle to the vastly increased number of visitors.
Yogi and Boo Boo are stealing picnic baskets once again in pursuit.
<EOS>
The film begins.
Where the Soviet cargo ship Nezjin is anchored.
An agent meets the captain of the Soviet vessel and discusses the cargo  medical opium.
Is by the hospitals of the USSR.
Soon.
That the pharmaceutical company agent is seen  speaking to someone via.
Later the MV Nezjin   leaves port for Vladivostok.
Some distance cries man overboard.
The captain orders the engines stopped to rescue the stranded swimmer.
The boat picks up a asian man.
Who identifies himself.
Salikh told the crew.
His crewmates were fighting.
Shortly.
That the Soviet captain is informed.
The ship  called the Mercury  is apparently abandoned.
The captain decides to send four men to explore the ship and offer assistance to possible survivors.
However  the abandoned ship turns out to be a trap.
Occupied  none of the Russian crewmen pays any attention to Salikh   killing him.
Who takes an axe  enters the radio room of the Nezjin  and attacks a radio operator.
The Mercury starts her engines and approaches the Nezjin.
Salikh destroys the ship s radio equipment.
The Nezjins crew see the bodies of the boarding party  floating in the water behind the Mercury.
The Soviet captain realizes.
His ship is by pirates.
Their attempt to escape is foiled.
When the Mercury rams the ship and the pirates open fire.
The pirates board the Nezjin  brutally killing Russian crewmembers.
Who fight them.
Sergey  the chief-mate  discovers the dead radio operator and decides to find Salikh.
Chasing Salikh  Sergey makes an attempt to stop him.
Salikh shows impressive martial arts skills and quickly defeats the.
The pirates lock the remaining Russians into crew compartments and begin to offload the opium to the Mercury.
The pirate captain thanks Salikh.
Him to blow up the Nezjin together.
The Soviets  left to die  manage to escape and must fight the pirates for survival.
<EOS>
Shaan is a charming  rustic  god fearing local.
Who honours and reveres his local Maulvi and hangs out.
Where his brother memorizes the holy verses word.
Shaan is  he is a God fearing  peace-loving  humble sort of person even at things.
May annoy people.
Shareef Gujjar s best friend Bhola acted is a loud  thoughtless buffoon.
Who just about manages a paan stall.
His greatest problem is his infatuation.
She does recognize true love.
If he is nt quite what she was hoping.
One day some villainous goons led into town and make their way to Nirma s kotha.
Where she is booked.
He arrives.
When Pola hears.
Where a terrible shoot-out follows.
To cut a long story short  Nirma is saved by Rana.
Who is then framed and imprisoned.
Meanwhile Cheema and Saud hunt.
That they can force her to return.
Eventually their search leads them to Rana s best buddy Shareef.
Who is having an almighty celebration who has just memorized every single word of the Holy scriptures  no less than a Herculean task.
The goons gatecrash the celebrations and demand Nirma.
They gun down the celebrating lad mercilessly for his recent memorizing of the holy book.
When they are met.
Finally Shareef Gujjar realizes.
In order to survive and compete one has to have a change of name as well as a change of heart.
So he announces very loudly no less than five times.
He is now to be known  and as if to prove his point he guns down about 60 policemen in the next 30 seconds.
<EOS>
A southern town is rocked.
When teenager Mary Clay is murdered.
A small-time lawyer sees the crime as way to the Senate.
He can find the right scapegoat to be tried.
He seeks.
Where she was killed.
Hale happens to be.
Though all evidence is circumstantial.
Griffin works.
The issue moves to the continuing bigotry and suspicion between South and North  especially given the significance of the day of the murder.
The only man is the governor.
Who stands up.
Who commutes Hale s death sentence because the evidence is simply insufficient to send a man to his death.
The townsfolk are enraged.
The murdered girl s brothers   plot and carry out Hale s abduction and murder.
Who have been threatening all along to take matters if Hale is not executed.
<EOS>
Wonderful Days is set.
Environmental pollution has led.
A technologically advanced city named.
It harvests energy.
Uses pollution to generate power.
Carbonite extraction is carried out.
Who live.
Is an enigmatic young man known as Shua.
He ends up.
Jay chooses Shua and destroys the thick clouds over Ecoban  allowing blue sky to show through over the city.
The movie deals.
<EOS>
The film begins.
Where teenage delinquent Piper arrives.
There he meets the cruel overseers  the stern.
Piper is sent into solitary confinement.
Where he befriends a group  Girl Joey  the tough-talking tomboy of the group  Mouse  the smallest  youngest and cutest of the group  Whitey  the platinum blonde  self-appointed leader of the group  and Blackie  the intellectual and only black orphan at the home.
The orphans  desperate not to be separated from the family  make every attempt not to be selected.
They have.
However  the family is shattered.
When the Fitzpatricks  a self-absorbed upper-class couple  find Mouse irresistible and decide to adopt him  promptly whisking him away.
Devastated  the group of young rebels devise a plan to rescue him  outwitting the maniacal staff and escaping the oppressive orphanage.
The four street-smart teenagers lie  cheat and steal their way to Santa Barbara  wreaking havoc on suburbia every step of the way.
<EOS>
Together is set.
Sprang up in the.
Loosely led.
Who will do anything to avoid a conflict.
Whether doing the dishes is bourgeois.
The commune s dynamics are significantly shaken.
When Goran s sister leaves her violent husband Rolf and moves.
Self-declared lesbian Anna lives.
Who befriends Stefan.
The two play games.
Where   they take.
Eva meanwhile befriends a lonely boy  his family appears conventional on the surface but proves to be even more dysfunctional than the commune.
Which they so openly disapprove.
The children are portrayed.
Sidelined in the film  from the new school where they are bullied to the parents who  while genuinely loving  are too busy experimenting with their own freedom to show it.
Elisabeth s husband Rolf makes a concerted effort to clean up his act.
Arrested  leaving his children stranded after a disastrous meal in a Chinese restaurant.
Further relationship problems are found.
Who is desperately.
Who wants the benefits but not the responsibilities.
The film ends.
They need.
<EOS>
The horrors are examined from the view points of lifelong friends and expert sharpshooters Vlado Selimovic and Slavko Stanic.
Who end up.
Slavko  an ethnic Serb and unemployed bachelor  becomes a sniper and instructor training the Army.
Vlado  a Muslim married father and successful owner  rejects his friend s offer to gain an escape from the city.
Instead  he becomes a marksman and attempts to counter the sniper threat.
Vlado soon realizes.
His friend  an exceptionally skilled marksman  is the enemy sniper responsible.
The two friends eventually have survives.
<EOS>
Blanche DuBois is a fading  but nevertheless attractive Southern belle.
Whose pretensions only thinly mask her alcoholism and delusions of grandeur.
Her poise is an illusion.
She presents to shield others  and most  from reality to try to make herself still attractive to new male suitors.
Blanche arrives.
The local transportation includes a streetcar route named Desire.
She takes to arrive there.
The steamy  urban ambiance is a shock.
Explaining  Blanche is welcomed by Stella.
Her ancestral southern plantation  Belle Reve  has been lost due to the epic debauchery of her ancestors.
Who fears the reaction.
Blanche says.
Her supervisor gave her time as an English teacher because of her upset nerves.
However  she was fired for having an affair with a 17-year-old male student.
This turns out not to be the only seduction.
She had engaged.
These problems led Blanche to run away.
A brief marriage scarred has led Blanche to live in a world.
Which her fantasies and illusions are seamlessly mixed.
Stanley is a force of nature  primal  rough-hewn  brutish and sensual.
He dominates Stella and is physically and emotionally abusive.
Stella tolerates his behavior.
This is part.
Their love and relationship is heavily based.
Blanche says that she finds impossible to understand  towards Stanley.
The arrival upsets her sister s and brother-in-law s system of mutual dependence.
Stella s concern emboldens Blanche to hold court in the Kowalski apartment  infuriating Stanley and leading to conflict in his relationship with his wife.
Stanley s friend and Blanche s would-be suitor  Harold Mitch Mitchell  is trampled.
Blanche and Stanley head.
Stanley discovers Blanche s past.
Who travels frequently.
He confronts Blanche.
She has been trying to put behind her.
Her character flaws may be damaging.
However  his attempts to unmask her are predictably cruel and violent.
Their final confrontation -- a rape -- results.
Stanley has her committed.
Mitch  knowing  lashes out and punches Stanley but is then held back.
Stanley raped Blanche and had her committed.
He starts to weep.
He claims.
He never once touched her.
Devastated  Stella weeps and rejects Stanley s intention to comfort her and pushes him away.
Stella runs out to see Blanche off  but is too late.
The car Blanche left has already gone.
Stella clings and vows.
He cries her name once more.
She is never going back again.
She goes upstairs once more.
Order to seek refuge as Stanley continues to call her name.
<EOS>
The film is set in the last years of the Qing Dynasty.
A young portrait photographer  Liu Jinglun  chances  Raymond Wallace in the capital.
Liu  a self-learner  is keen on new technology and gadgets.
Raymond has brought from the West.
Liu is fascinated and offers to help Raymond bring in audiences for his theatre.
Hence Liu and Raymond become partners.
However   the more conservative Chinese.
The innovation thrills many.
Liu falls with Ling  the daughter of a well-respected Beijing Opera star  Lord Tan Xinpei.
However   Liu has no chance.
He is poor and only an apprentice.
Instead  Liu s father and his boss  Master Ren  try to arrange a marriage for him with an older widow  Jiang.
He becomes infuriated.
When Master Ren finds out Liu has been working.
Liu tries to reason  explaining to him.
This shadow magic is an innovation.
They should incorporate it.
Liu learns more.
Master Ren is not swayed  however  and dismisses him.
Liu is also disowned by his father.
Liu and Raymond s friendship becomes tested.
He feels the strain.
Liu  Raymond  Master Ren and Lord Tan are all invited to entertain the Empress Dowager Cixi during her birthday celebrations.
Master Ren and his apprentices take a photograph.
Lord Tan performs his opera number.
Liu and Raymond project some Western film shorts.
However  over-enthusiastic hand-cranking cause the projector to catch fire  the screening is ruined midway.
Liu is badly burnt.
The Qing officials are incensed.
Liu and Raymond nearly cause deaths.
The Dowager pardons Liu.
Raymond  however  is immediately banished.
Half a year passes.
Liu recovers.
Raymond  fondly remembering their friendship and times  sends him the nitrate negatives of movies.
They shot together  imploring that he should not let the work they started together die.
Liu decides to try making a film projector himself and successfully screens these local movies.
Liu s father decides to support him.
Ling visits him.
Where they kiss.
The film ends.
They see how beautifully it captures the majesty.
Captions reveal.
Liu and Master Ren become the first Chinese to shoot a motion picture.
The film  starring Lord Tan  is the now famous The Battle.
<EOS>
Captain Woodrow F.
Call  having just buried his friend Augustus McCrae in Texas  plans to return to his ranch in Montana.
He decides to take a herd and drive them north with the help of Gideon Walker and Isom Pickett.
Order to make the trip profitable.
Call sends word.
He intends to meet him.
Newt becomes involved.
Concludes. 
Newt is to be hanged.
He is rescued.
Newt is paroled and develops a close relationship with Gregor s young wife  Ferris Dunnigan.
Call captures an outlaw named Cherokee Jack Jackson and barely escapes.
Jack s gang rescues him.
Call is upset to find Newt working.
Dunnigan but Newt is determined to repay his debt.
Newt becomes disillusioned to drive the other ranchers of the region out of business.
<EOS>
Critics and film historians have often noted.
The film is divided.
Roger Ebert  Michael Cimino s The Deer Hunter.
Is a three-hour movie.
Mike enters himself  hoping to jar Nick s memory and persuade him to come home.
Nick s mind is gone.
After Mike s attempts to remind him of their trips hunting together  he finally breaks through.
Nick recognizes Mike and smiles.
Nick then tells.
Mike  one shot  raises the gun  and pulls the trigger.
The bullet is.
Nick kills himself.
Horrified  Michael tries to revive him  but.
Epilogue - Back home  there is a funeral for Nick.
Whom Michael brings home  good.
The film ends  singing God Bless America and toasting in Nick s honor.
<EOS>
Harold works.
He assumes  but overhears her talking.
They will be married.
Who says.
Distraught  he decides to commit suicide  blindfolding himself and setting up a gun.
Will fire when he pulls a string attached.
But he accidentally knocks over a bulb.
Pops. 
He assumes.
He has shot himself.
A girder from the next door construction site swings into his office  lifting him and his chair outside.
Pulling off the blindfold  the first thing is a sculpture high.
He sees.
He assumes.
He is.
However a jazz band soon disabuses him of that notion.
He realises.
He is high.
He finally makes it to the ground  only to realise.
The man Mildred was talking to was her clergyman brother  who has agreed to officiate.
<EOS>
The movie opens.
Minkey  a super-spy primate  rescues his partner Mike Muggins from Middle Eastern terrorists.
Their secretary  Edith congratulates them.
Mikes informs her.
He is going to retire to be.
The movie then flashes forward ten years.
Mike s wife had died.
His daughter  Amelia  is a child prodigy  having invented a revolutionary oxygen iodide laser drill.
Amelia is about to receive the prestigious National Scientific Achievement Award.
Mike encourages her  telling her.
Proud he is  and also reminds her that Minkey is in town  now the star of a circus show.
Mike offers to take Amelia.
Amelia laughs it off  remembering those silly stories.
He used to tell her.
It is revealed.
Amelia leaves.
Hugo  a stereotypical movie henchman  is following her and taking pictures.
Amelia receives the National Scientific Achievement Award.
She is disappointed to find that Dr Amour is unable to be there.
Dr Farley discreetly videotapes Mike.
She and Mike leave.
The next day  Dr Farley shows up  telling her.
Her father has a surprise.
He has a manipulated video.
Amelia happily goes.
Dr Farley takes her  explaining.
It is a top-secret government program.
He has built a full-scale model.
It is not working properly  Amelia begins working.
Meanwhile  Hugo delivers a package -- it s a video of Dr Farley.
Who promises not to hurt Amelia as long as Mike does not contact the authorities.
Mike springs  contacting Edith and Minkey and persuading them to come out of retirement to help him save Amelia.
Minkey s new friends are also enlisted as spies   Edith brings the performers up to speed on the project.
Mike and Minkey fly to find Dr Amour.
Apparently  Minkey was genetically enhanced and specially trained.
Mike was ordered to terminate Minkey.
When the Russians moved in.
Mike requested him.
Minkey exhibited his formidable martial arts skills.
Meanwhile  Mike and Minkey find Dr Amour.
Who tells them that Dr Farley plans to use Amelia s drill to cut and harness the heat energy of the Earth s core.
However   the energy is too chaotic and will cause a massive earthquake.
Could even wipe Japan.
Dr Amour agrees to take Mike and Minkey.
Meanwhile  Amelia remembers  but is becoming suspicious.
To fix the drill.
She tries to escape  but is captured and held prisoner.
Meanwhile  Mike  Minkey  and Dr Amour parachute.
Dr Amour and Mike are captured.
Minkey manages to escape.
Who has been awaiting him.
The sensai and his students tell Minkey.
To breach Dr Farley s lab and promise him their help.
Dr Farley threatens to kill.
And Dr Amour if Amelia does not fix the drill.
Amelia reluctantly tells him to put an elastic band.
Dr Farley begins drilling and tells Hugo to kill Mike and Dr Amour.
Minkey ambushes Hugo.
Mike and Dr Amour are being escorted out.
Mike fights off the other guards.
Dr Amour and Minkey run.
Dr Amour distracts Dr Farley.
Mike and Minkey take out the guards.
Many more guards pour in.
Minkey s ninja friends drop out.
Dr Amour and Amelia manage to stop the drill.
This causes it to explode.
Mike  Minkey  Dr Amour  and Amelia barely escape the exploding lab.
Outside  Amelia exclaims.
He really is a spy  to which Mike replies  Yes  I really am.
Minkey receives a call and snowboards away to more adventures.
<EOS>
A platoon goes missing in the remote military sector 236 - nicknamed since the Viking age Thor s Wrath.
The Swedish government sends captain Palmquist and a special force to investigate.
Joining them is the American agent and scientist Johnson.
Meanwhile a group goes to hike in the area.
Their phones suddenly lose.
Reception and the compass stops working.
Soon  they are killed off one by an unseen force.
The Swedish Colonel Stag realises.
The American has lied.
He sets out to save his soldiers.
<EOS>
Paleontologist Dr Arthur Calgary visits the Argyle family to give them an address book.
Belongs. 
But he is told.
Jack has been executed.
But the address book can prove.
Jack was innocent  so Dr Calgary starts the investigation all over.
<EOS>
The story  set  begins.
Jerry Manning hires a leopard stunt for his night-club performing girlfriend  Kiki.
Her rival  Clo-Clo  not wanting to be upstaged  startles the animal.
It escapes the club.
The owner named.
Charlie How-Come -- billed -- begins pestering Manning for money for replacement of the leopard.
Soon a girl is found mauled.
Manning and Kiki feel remorse.
Manning joins a posse.
Seeks to hunt down the giant cat.
Presently another young woman is killed.
Manning begins to suspect.
The latest killing is the work.
The leopard s owner   is unnerved and begins to doubt his own sanity.
Who admits.
He asks the police to lock him up.
Another killing occurs  the victim.
He is.
This time is.
Afterward  the leopard is found dead  and is judged to have died before at least one of the recent killings.
He confesses.
When the human murderer found.
His compulsion to kill was excited.
<EOS>
Carrie McLaughlin has been living with her grandmother in Pittsburgh.
Carrie has to move.
When her grandmother needs to go.
Whom she has nt seen since she was a baby.
Initially reluctant to adapt  Carrie soon meets Flicka  a beautiful black Mustang.
Previously had belonged.
Flicka is wild and dangerous and   longs for Katy.
However   Flicka saves her.
When Carrie is attacked.
The two form a bond.
Carrie also meets Jake  an attractive ranch hand hoping to become a country singer  and Amy Walker  the proud and arrogant daughter.
There is instant animosity.
Jake and Carrie take an immediate liking.
Because Amy also likes Jake.
Hank decides to punish Carrie.
When Carrie disobeys her father s rules.
Flicka tries to follow Carrie home to Hank s ranch  but accidentally ends up on the ranch belonging to Amy s father HD Walker.
Flicka damages a fence and releases some of HD s prize cows.
HD asks for Flicka as payment for the damage  threatening to turn it into a lawsuit.
Hank refuses.
Amy then starts training  but performs poorly during the actual competition because of Flicka s fear of the crowd and camera flashes from the audience.
HD and Amy decide to have Flicka slaughtered the next day.
Carrie frees the horse and sets her free to join a nearby herd of Mustangs.
One year later  Carrie  Hank  and Toby are riding.
When they encounter the same herd  including Flicka and her newborn foal.
<EOS>
Pete and Jerry are cousins living.
Where they both fall with the same girl.
West explores the desperation.
Just how few choices you actually have.
<EOS>
In the throes of the Great Depression  the government of Quebec relocated more than 80000 citizens to found a new settlement in the virgin forests of Quebec s Abitibi region.
However  many left  seeking a better life in the city or as labourers for the large corporations.
Had come to exploit the North s valuable resources.
The Lalancette family  however  have persisted.
Control the area.
Revisiting the heritage  this documentary traces a defining chapter of Quebec history and raises fundamental questions about regional development.
Who documented Abitibi.
<EOS>
Centuries ago  the Aztec empire was conquered by the Spanish conquistadors.
Horrified  the Spaniards set out to convert the native population to Catholicism  effectively declaring war upon the Aztec religion.
The Aztecs and their religion will return to dominance in a time known as the Sixth Sun.
Young orphan boy Juan Diego is singled out.
Attempting to illegally cross the United States-Mexico border.
The old man leads the boy.
Explaining  Old Indian proceeds to carve a symbol in to Diego s hand.
They must give thanks  the god of sacrifice.
Declaring the boy s blood to be pure  the Old Indian dies  abandoning the boy in the desert.
Ten years later  21-year-old Diego has made a home in East Los Angeles.
He shares an apartment and is in love with Maria  niece of Padre Somera of the local mission.
Dates back.
However  Diego and Maria s relationship is strained.
Anticipating a local Dia de los Muertos festival  Diego begins to feel the call powerful.
He dresses.
En route Diego s car to crash  ending his life.
Diego awakens.
Where the god sacrifices him to Tezcatlipoca in a ritual where his heart is torn from his chest with the aid of an obsidian blade.
He is then sent back after his death.
Diego  selected long ago  is the sacrificial priest in service to Tezcatlipoca.
Tezcatlipoca requires three human sacrifices  each symbolizing the Catholic Church.
Order to fulfill the prophecy.
Wiped out the old gods hundred years ago.
And Maria  being the direct descendant is at risk.
Armed  Diego must struggle against the very gods.
Who created him in order to save the woman he loves.
<EOS>
It is a drama.
The mayor is quick to reject it.
When Ambleton is faced.
However  forward thinking restaurant chef and councilor John Miller embraces the proposal  seeing it.
The ensuing standoff not only divides the community.
The ramifications ultimately lead.
Observed. 
The story resonates.
<EOS>
Belgian teenager  Angela   meets  and subsequently falls  with an attractive Japanese DJ.
Who is skilled.
Encouraged  she goes to Japan to work at an exclusive club for rich businessmen.
Who like to meet.
The film is surreal with unique characters  clear and sharp cinematography  and slow panning camera work.
Manga drawings are also used to enhance the plot and ambiance.
Angela seeks work and  after having been begrudgingly let in  she is met with derision by the other girls working there.
However   she soon proves to be a favourite among the patrons by pretending to be a Lolita-style 15-year-old to please the businessmen.
The plot has a sinister undertone.
Whom Angela has replaced.
We learn.
The film goes on.
Larissa was possibly murdered.
We learn and  furthermore  this is.
Larissa lives.
When Angela is heralded to be a Manga artist.
<EOS>
Directed  The Impatient Alchemist follows the efforts of two men and their investigation of a mysterious death.
The pair head off to interview the plant worker and the victim s wife.
When Vila  a disillusioned psychologist-turned-cop  accompanied  find a bound-and-gagged body of a nuclear plant worker in a motel room.
The body.
The case is closed fairly quickly.
Who had been partially devoured.
The first case is.
When the detectives discover that the employers were two dubiously run companies vying for dominance.
<EOS>
A trio of singers performed by their microphones.
An orchestra plays.
Enjoying their act are guests.
Who dance.
The square carrying some gets moved out and replaced by another one.
When the musicians stop to play another song.
The stuttering announcer  introduces the special guest of the event.
The special guest is none other.
To entertain the crowd  Krazy plays some short tunes in a piano.
The Marx Brothers popped out and shook hands with him before leaving in a very long bicycle.
He continues playing.
He was interrupted.
When Krazy was about to continue playing his instrument.
Laurel and Hardy were eating peas and roast chicken.
The other guy appears to be having difficulty.
Hardy was eating.
Everytime Laurel scoops up peas  they would often fall off and make a sound.
S quite loud.
Bothered  Hardy provided assistance.
Krazy then came and asks them to be quiet as possible.
Thinking  Krazy saw a cross-eyed man eating spaghetti.
Krazy came and decided to have a share of the food.
A waiter carrying fruits was passing by.
They eat.
Nearby attendants started grabbing anything.
They can get.
Krazy also tries to pick a fruit but mistakenly grabs the waiter s long nose instead  much.
The waiter mumbles a few words and splats the platter of spaghetti right on top Krazy.
Krazy  however  gets cleaned up from another table.
Who uses a water-spraying bottle.
Still wondering the music hall  Krazy notices.
The orchestra was fast asleep.
He then wakes them up and tells them to continue playing.
Krazy started dancing  and all those started joining him there.
When music was played again.
Whom he came across.
Watching  the attendants enjoyed the celebration.
<EOS>
The New York Panthers ice hockey team is struggling.
A scouting team headed heads to Maine.
Where they ve heard.
He turns out to be John Hanson  now a chicken farmer.
He does not wish to return.
He agrees solely.
When he learns how much money he can make.
He can make enough to upgrade his farm.
His skills make him an instant sensation.
He runs afoul.
The team heads.
They tempt him.
<EOS>
Jim and Eve  a young society couple  are kidnapped and brought to a mansion.
Is home.
<EOS>
Kaavya and her best friend Vicky pull an anti-operation of the biggest business tycoons.
Happens to be Siddharth Dhanrajgir s company.
They take pictures and write an article.
Gets published.
Siddharth  being a rich and cocky tycoon  wants revenge  so he calls Kaavya up.
He offers her a job.
Kaavya accepts his offer immediately.
They go together.
Kaavya helps Siddharth get his company a good deal.
That night  Siddharth takes Kaavya.
Where they both connect romantically and end up having sex.
Kaavya meets her friend Vicky and gives him the gifts.
She got and says  I love my job.
An upset Vicky keeps silent and sad  but does not show off.
The next day  Kaavya goes to work and finds out.
Her entry pass to get.
She goes to talk.
Who arrogantly talks and pulls a gun out  tortures her  and says that he never had any feelings for her.
She pulled.
He tells her.
He punishes people who mess  and tells her to get out of his office.
Heartbroken  Kaavya leaves and applies.
She runs out and vomits.
Vicky is dropping her.
He takes her  only to find out.
She is now pregnant.
Kaavya immediately meets Siddharth again.
He once again humiliates her  but she informs him.
She is pregnant and says that she can prove that it s Siddharth s child.
That night  he calls her and pretends to be sorry.
What happened.
Kavya immediately falls again and runs to meet him.
He kidnaps her  and not only kills the baby  but takes out her ovaries  and throws her.
Kaavya becomes a sex worker and sleeps to get to Siddharth.
She finally gets.
Him humiliated and arrested.
Kaavya  now happy and content  moves.
Who confesses his love.
She gets shot by the wife of one of the men.
She slept.
Kaavya dies.
The woman shoots herself as well  saying.
Revenge is the best feeling.
<EOS>
Antonio  a brazen  individualistic ETA militant  travels to Madrid.
Where they intend to carry out a terrorist attack.
Whom he shares a complex romantic liaison.
He moves under the guise of an unassuming photographer for the press  and finds himself falling for his neighbor  Charo  a naive prostitute with an impending drug problem.
Who is unaware.
She reciprocates.
Antonio uses her whimsical desire to have their first tryst.
An excuse to flee Madrid right after he shoots a police officer.
Meanwhile.
Matters become complicated.
Charo s sleazy  drug-addicted acquaintance Lisardo  incidentally an informant  gives Antonio s identity away.
The plot ends.
Fueled  Antonio follows the car to the station gate right as Carlos presses the detonator.
<EOS>
Leonard Helperman is a 4th grader.
Whose mother and teacher  Mary Lou  has been nominated.
They plan a trip  but need to leave their dog  Spot  behind.
Is. 
What Mrs Helperman does nt know.
Spot has been masquerading.
Spot wants nothing more than to be a real boy  and sees a way.
When mad scientist Ivan Krank appears.
Krank thinks.
He can turn animals.
Conveniently  his lab is right down the street.
Where the Helpermans are staying.
Spot becomes a man  but discovers.
It s not everything he ever dreamed.
<EOS>
Ian Stone is an average man.
He loves ice hockey but lives.
Late one night while driving home  Ian comes across a bewildering discovery.
What looks.
Investigating the grisly discovery  Ian is attacked  forced onto the tracks and subsequently barreled over by an oncoming train.
He wakes up.
He s still alive  but older and shacked up by the name of Medea.
Jenny is still there.
She s not his girlfriend  just a co-worker and one.
Ian meets a strange old man.
Who implies he is.
He learns  a group of mind-controlling vampire-like characters.
He is being hunted.
Who can not be killed and feed off human fear.
He explains.
They come.
Him to kill him.
The only problem is.
Ian wo nt stay dead.
He wakes.
Suddenly one attacks.
The old man and Ian runs.
They chase Ian mercilessly.
Where Medea  who is clearly one  is waiting.
Once again  Ian is killed.
He wakes to find.
He s a junkie  with Jenny living a few doors down.
He implores her to remember him  desperately reaching out and searching to help him make sense of.
What s going on.
Jenny and Ian have no choice.
When the Harvesters come again.
To run.
Jenny confesses.
They seek refuge.
Later on  the old man meets Ian.
While Jenny sleeps.
It is then.
The old man reveals that he is one  and hints at Ian s involvement with them.
A seething mass flesh.
When they disembark they are again confronted.
We recognize some including Medea  That Ian was one of these monsters.
Who reveals a shocking truth.
He rebelled and managed to kill one other Harvester.
Medea used to be his mate.
Medea tries to force Ian to feed again and return back to the fold.
Ian decides.
Medea and the Harvesters attack once more.
She explains.
His rebellion came with Jenny.
So moved was he.
He wished to live a mortal life.
However  a final change comes with the help of Gray  the Harvester.
Medea can harm Jenny.
Who had helped him before.
Apparently Ian found a sustenance.
Was far superior  and so did the old man  Love.
Making this connection changes the specific nature of a Harvester.
Allowed the old man to kill the members.
Gray had beseeched Ian to protect Jenny out  having lost his love to the Harvesters  he could only feed on fear once again and spent.
What remained.
Imploring Ian to feed off him and tap  Gray passes.
Restoring Ian.
Ian regains his true power  His Harvester-self is finally born out of his human flesh  uniquely exuding goodness rather than malevolence.
He now has the capacity to turn the tables and to feed on their fear and to give life.
He then goes.
Who is being actively stalked.
Ian creates a new life for them  with Ian as a successful professional hockey player with Jenny at his side.
Ian  having realized his abilities  will begin to take the fight.
Jenny has no recollection.
<EOS>
Thakur Ranvir Singh Chaudhary is rich and influential man.
He doted.
Who was much.
Vijay  Bittu & Gudiya fell on his shoulders.
He hires the services Soniya  masquerading.
An old governess Savitri Devi to take care.
Young and dashing Vijay falls.
Where both are dance instructors.
Thakur is also drawn  Nasseb Kumar helps him to win the love of Savitri.
Who is a confirmed bachelor.
Who is a good friend.
Pratap Singh is a deadly enemy  tries all the evil ways to get his work done.
<EOS>
The scenery changes during a robbery in a villa in Tuscany by Danilo and his friends addicts.
Back home  he expect a sad circumstance  the death.
Danilo hiding the loot in the coffin of his mother exposed in the red room in the house for the wake.
<EOS>
JC seems to have it.
All figured out.
He runs a surf school  at night he lies down next to his beautiful girlfriend Chloe.
However  unannounced.
When his mates arrive.
It releases tensions which have long been simmering.
His friends  especially drug-dealer were long gone.
Dean are intent.
<EOS>
Georgina Spelvin plays Justine Jones  a lonely  depressed spinster.
Who decides that suicide is the only way.
Justine slits her wrists  dying quietly.
Lying. 
The tub fills.
Spelvin  p.
Miss Jones finds herself.
Because she has lived a ` pure  life.
There she meets Mr Abaca  an angel.
Who informs her that she does not qualify to Heaven because she has killed herself.
Angry  she begs Mr Abaca to let her earn her place by being allowed to return to earth and become the embodiment of lust.
This one indiscretion has left her.
Spelvin  p.
94 Justine has a few bizarre and sexually deviant encounters.
The last of which is a graphic threesome.
However   the brief time Justine was given to fulfill herself runs out.
As she s enjoying her new life.
She is faced.
She desperately begs the man.
He simply asks her to be quiet.
He listens.
Trapped  Miss Jones is left screaming in agony for all eternity  thirsting for a climax.
She will never achieve.
<EOS>
The film opens.
The people must once a month sacrifice a maiden lest a sea monster destroy their city.
Some families flee Troy only to be captured by pirates.
Hercules   comes across one of these ships and frees the Trojans aboard.
Going  Hercules is given use of two horses.
Can not be wounded.
He then learns.
Shortly afterwards  a boxer tries but is impaled on his own spiked gloves and dies.
Then Hercules and Ulysses are attacked.
What appear to be thieves.
Diogenes presents the theory.
Petra killed his brother and is planning to have Princess Diana killed.
She is chosen.
This theory is revealed.
The high priest is killed.
Hercules is captured and held in a metal hole  down.
Soldiers pour oil to keep Hercules.
Ortag rescues Hercules and dies fighting the monster.
Hercules finally slays.
Princess Diana becomes ruler.
Hercules continues.
<EOS>
The film captures the social impact at the time.
<EOS>
This short film takes place  in a Mossi village.
There  two old men patiently and skillfully make traditional wooden bowls.
Meanwhile  the young people leave the village to go and abandon these tricky crafts.
<EOS>
The film is a portrait.
Is home.
Dwayne Hoover is a wealthy car dealership owner.
Who is and is losing touch with reality.
<EOS>
The story is set.
Young Charles Cannon  heads out to investigate it.
He becomes exposed rapidly.
He is now about ten years older  hairy  aggressive  and psychopathic.
His mother hides him to protect him from the law.
<EOS>
Remorseful former outlaw Glyn McLyntock is scouting for a wagon train of settlers to Oregon.
He rescues Emerson Cole.
He is checking the trail ahead.
Cole   thinks.
Who says the horse is not exactly stolen.
He s heard  but does nt pursue the subject.
One is the eligible Laurie Baile.
That night  they are attacked.
Shoshone Indians and Laurie is wounded.
McLyntock and Cole go out to deal McLyntock s life in the process.
McLyntock welcomes Cole.
Jeremy Baile  the leader  does not trust Cole and does not believe.
A man can change.
Oregon  Laurie remains there to recover.
When they reach Portland.
Cole also leaves the party saying.
He wants to go to find gold.
The rest   go on to establish a settlement in the wilderness after making arrangements with a man named Tom Hendricks to send the supplies.
They need.
That night  they have a big party and meet a professional gambler named Trey Wilson.
Six weeks late  they begin to worry.
When the food supply runs low.
McLyntock and Jeremy Baile go back to investigate.
They find.
A gold rush has inflated prices enormously.
Laurie and Cole are working and have no intention of going to the settlement.
McLyntock is not happy to see them together.
Hendricks  their greedy supplier  has reneged and has decided to sell their supplies at the new higher prices to a mining camp.
Cole helps McLyntock round up some bad men to load the food and take it back.
Laurie joins them.
McLyntock sets up an ambush.
When they are pursued.
Hendricks and some are killed.
The rest are driven off.
Some of the miners show up and offer an exorbitant price for the food.
The hired men begin thinking about ways to commandeer the wagon train.
Cole can not resist the temptation but does nt kill him.
That proves to be a mistake.
McLyntock tracks them down and retakes the supplies.
Cole brings the miners to help him retake the supplies  but they are miners  not gunfighters.
They lose.
McLyntock kills Cole.
They watch the current take his body.
They finally reach the settlement with the supplies.
It s apparent.
Laurie and Glyn are now a couple.
<EOS>
Stroker Ace is a popular race car driver  and  a three-time champion  on the NASCAR circuit.
An all-or-nothing man  he wins.
He does not crash.
He is arrogant and pompous.
He also has an on-track  season-long rivalry.
He has to find a new one.
When he runs afoul by dumping a load of wet concrete on him.
Fried-chicken mogul Clyde Torkel  along  Pembrook Feeny  convince Stroker and his chief mechanic  Lugs Harvey  to sign up with him.
Overlooking his contract  Stroker begins a new life as the commercial face for the Chicken Pit fast-food restaurants.
His contract provves to stipulate -- feet included.
He must do personal appearances  which include dressing up.
Realizing  Stroker devises a plan to get out of it.
He is locked.
Torkel is  though  and allows his antics.
He sees the racer by promoting the Chicken Pit franchise.
A ladies  man  Stroker tries to seduce the beautiful Pembrook   does not drink  and is a virgin.
Who is a Sunday School teacher.
She spurns all.
He learns to respect her views.
One night   he has a chance to take advantage of her.
He does not.
Stroker is winning races and is in the running for the season-ending championship.
Torkel is offered a deal to sell his franchise for a huge profit  as part of an elaborate scheme.
Stroker and his friends have concocted.
The catch is.
If he wins the championship Stroker has to sell chicken  if he loses is he out of the contract.
Stroker is at odds with himself.
He drops back.
His ego wo nt let him.
He quickly begins moving back.
Torkel  realizing  makes a public announcement.
Stroker would rather lose than be bound.
He is releasing Stroker immediately.
He is unaware.
Stroker is moving up to win.
He is free.
He crosses the finish line.
Torkel then finds.
The lucrative offer is a fake  cooked up by Stroker and his friends.
<EOS>
A privately owned luxury Boeing 747-100  Stevens  Flight 23 complete bar  office  and bedroom  is used to ferry invited guests to an estate owned by wealthy philanthropist Philip Stevens.
Valuable artwork is also on board the jetliner  to be eventually displayed in his new museum.
Such a collection motivates a group.
George Island.
The hijackers  plans go.
Captain Don Gallagher leaves the cockpit and is knocked unconscious.
A sleeping gas is released.
The passengers lose consciousness.
Knocking out the flight engineer  Chambers puts.
The plan  and Stevens  Flight 23 disappears into the Bermuda Triangle.
Descending  Flight 23 heads into a fog bank  reducing visibility to less than a mile.
Minutes later  a large offshore drilling platform emerges.
Chambers pulls back 4 clips the derrick  causing the engine to catch fire.
Chambers immediately hits.
The fire extinguishing button and flames are momentarily extinguished.
However   the sudden loss threatens to stall the airplane.
The aircraft is.
Chambers is forced to use another fire-suppression bottle.
But  the aircraft stall alarm goes off.
The aircraft s tail hits the water.
All the passengers wake up.
Most start to scream and panic.
Chambers is able to pull up  but soon the plane s right wing hits the water again.
The plane lifts for another moment  then hitting the water again.
The plane becomes grounded in the ocean.
Eventually  the plane begins to slip.
The ocean bottom is fortunately.
Many are injured  some seriously.
Two are killed in the initial crash.
Banker is.
When a cargo container causes a breach  crushing and drowning him.
The second fatality is Wilson.
Who is killed when he is slammed on impact.
Search and rescue efforts are focused.
The aircraft was.
Involved are Phillip Stevens and Joe Patroni.
The only way to signal rescue efforts is to get a signal buoy to the surface in a small dinghy.
Captain Gallagher and diver Martin Wallace enter the main cargo.
An unexpected triggering crushes Wallace.
Gallagher  out provided by the reserve mask  makes it to the surface  and activates the beacon.
He climbs.
Getting a fix  an S-3 Viking overflies the crash site  confirming the location of Flight.
The navy then dispatches a sub-recovery ship  the USS Cayuga along.
The aircraft is ringed and once inflated  the aircraft rises from the bottom of the seafloor.
One breaks loose  prompting the Navy captain to reduce the air pressure of the remaining balloons  thus keeping the plane just beneath the waves.
Before the plane breaks surface.
One of the doors in the cargo hold bursts open  causing the plane to flood.
The cascade sweeps through the passengers  First Officer Chambers is killed.
When he is pinned.
The deluge also sweeps away Wallace s widow.
Who drowns just as the Navy captain orders more air pressure  finally raising the plane successfully.
Once  the passengers are evacuated.
Eve are the last to evacuate from the aircraft.
It slips.
<EOS>
The main character is Sergeant Michael Dunne  introduced.
Vimy Ridge  a decorated veteran  CEF.
Dunne is wounded and sent home from Europe as a neurasthenia patient.
He meets nurse Sarah Mann.
Recovering. 
Where he had originally enlisted.
Sarah Mann is drummed out  and ostracised in town  and had left Canada to rejoin the Imperial German Army in.
Her father was.
He was killed to Sgt.
Dunne.
She has become addicted to morphine.
David Mann is Sarah s younger brother.
He is desperate to win the respect of his girlfriend s father at a time.
When military service is demanded.
He is vehemently anti-German and tries to expunge the fact  and had died fighting  from the family history.
His father was German.
His girlfriend s father pulls strings to get.
Him enlisted  arguably that he will not return and marry his daughter.
Sarah originally thinks.
Michael has enlisted David   but later finds this is untrue.
The enlistment is further facilitated.
Whose malice and goading makes him the film s principal antagonist.
Michael however feels a responsibility and.
MacCrae.
Order to protect David.
Both David and Michael meet up in the trenches in France.
Sarah also enlists and follows the 10th ending up at an Advanced Dressing Station near the front.
The three arrive in time for the Battle of Passchendaele.
Dunne and Sarah soon meet up again.
When Dunne brings a wounded man.
He manages to escape punishment and is promoted by the Colonel.
Dunne s cover is soon found blown.
Who knew him.
C.
And because.
High casualties were expected.
The 8th Battalion  Royal Winnipeg Rifles  known  faces a German counterattack and become pinned down.
When the Canadians launch their attack.
Dunne s company is sent to support them.
The 8th Battalion retreats  wrongly believing.
The support company arrives.
They are finally relieved  leaving the job.
David Mann begins to realize.
The reality begins to set in.
The war was not what he believed it would be.
Dunne s forces spend the night.
David begins to have an asthmatic/panic attack.
Dunne calms him down  relieving the problem.
The next morning the Germans counter-attack  and make it as far.
Both forces attack each other.
David breaks down and chases them back to surrender.
He jumps and is met by a gun to the face.
Where he begs.
He is about to be shot.
When an artillery shell lands and the explosion throws him.
He is visually crucified.
This relates.
He takes his helmet off  throws his gun down and runs  in a reckless attempt to keep his promise to keep him alive  getting shot in the process.
When Dunne sees this.
He crawls  looking up at it.
The Germans stop firing and allow him to retrieve David.
Whom he carries back.
The fighting swiftly resumes.
David lives.
Dunne is carried.
Where he dies with Sarah.
This happens.
As the news comes in that the Canadians have managed to take Passchendaele Ridge.
The ending scene shows the wheelchair-bound David Mann  Sarah Mann  David s girlfriend Cassie.
Dunne s best friend Royster paying tribute.
The marker has been altered to remove the 5 and changed to.
The camera then pans out.
The background alters with a riderless horse on the horizon.
<EOS>
12-year-old Charles Chuck Logan refuses to have sex.
Playing a game at a party in.
Anisha places a curse on Chuck.
That every single woman he sleeps will break up with him and marry the next man who asks her out.
Chuck is in his thirties  and runs a dental practice in the same building as his best friend Stu s plastic surgery business.
Chuck finds himself unable to tell his girlfriend  Carol.
He loves her.
She breaks up.
Having sex.
Chuck becomes enamored with Cam Wexler  a sometimes clumsy  but friendly marine biologist.
Chuck asks Cam.
She gently refuses him.
Cam accidentally slips and chips her tooth.
Working. 
He asks her to go out instead of paying him.
When she visits Chuck to have it fixed.
Cam agrees.
Initially reluctant.
Meanwhile  Stu notices the pattern.
Chuck has sex.
Stu eventually convinces Chuck to embrace the influx.
Who have learned.
There s nothing better.
However   Chuck decides.
He wants a serious relationship.
However   Stu informs him.
Before he has sex.
Each have got married.
Worried  Chuck begins to avoid her.
The same thing will happen.
Stu convinces Chuck to test the curse  and see.
She marries afterward.
Chuck asks Stu to ask the woman out to see.
This results.
Chuck concludes.
When it does not.
The curse is fake  and has sex.
Afterward  however  Stu confesses.
He only pretended to ask the woman.
Chuck discovers.
She indeed got married.
Chuck believes.
Cam wants to go out.
Chuck attempts to track down Anisha.
Now married  Anisha tells Chuck.
The curse was nt meant to be real.
Still convinced  Chuck tries desperately to get Cam s attention and asks her to marry him.
Cam will hang out.
His attempts  though  cause Cam to become convinced.
She breaks up.
Now deciding to let fate take its course  Chuck puts Cam with Howard.
The two seem to connect instantly.
Stu convinces Chuck to chase.
Who is now headed with Howard.
Cam reveals.
Chuck finds her.
Howard is already married  and that she s only leaving for a week.
Chuck hands Cam a ring box containing a pebble  a reference he wants to be with.
Which a male penguin finds a stone and brings it.
Anisha is shown pulling a pin out.
The curse is finally broken.
A year later  Chuck and Cam are together surrounded by penguins.
<EOS>
Mae and Rendy are childless.
Meanwhile  her best friends Eman  Guntoro and Beni have already married and had children.
This makes and stresses her greatly.
Mae feel pressured to quickly have a child.
Mae is fed up and moves.
When Rendy forgets to come.
Who try and convince her to leave Rendy.
Mae decides to try and work out her issues.
The two begin working incessantly.
Mae decides.
When that is unsuccessful.
Her tomboyish appearance is causing Rendy to be infertile.
She decides to surprise him by visiting his office after putting on.
However  she sees Rendy together and walks out  saying.
She wants a divorce.
Rendy asks his mother to bring Mae back.
However  both families fight  leaving Mae and Rendy separated.
Mae feels distraught and often cries.
When she thinks nobody is watching.
Eman  Guntoro  and Beni unsuccessfully try to cheer her up.
Mae  trying to live independently  takes a job but faints at work  she discovers.
She is pregnant.
Rendy  not allowed to come the trio with watching over her.
Eman  Guntoro  and Beni are almost divorced.
Mae is very demanding and watching over her is very time consuming.
Mae furtively begins meeting.
Her parents still want her to divorce him.
She discovers.
He has not been having an affair.
They reunite.
Mae later gives birth.
Both families look on happily.
<EOS>
Set between 1910 and 1915  the story follows Jack Jefferson going.
He defeats every white boxer around.
Soon the press and other whites announce the search.
Who will defeat Jefferson.
Meanwhile  Jefferson prepares  but he lets his guard down by courting the beautiful Eleanor Bachman.
The tensions grow.
When everyone   discover this.
Jack s close black friends become scared.
The envelope conspire to nail him with unlawful sexual relations with Eleanor.
It leads.
<EOS>
Mitil a small town girl decides to come to Kolkata to realize her dreams of becoming a radio jockey.
Her father supports her decision.
Her mother is and constantly asks her daughter to get married.
She arrives and starts living in a hostel with other girls.
She makes a great friend in Bibi.
She is not comfortable sharing a room with other people and decides to look for a house.
She encounters the usual problem  but finally comes a large house occupied by its landlady  a widow.
Who readily agrees to rent out a floor.
Mitil lied.
She is getting married and that her would be husband would be joining her soon.
There lies the actual problem.
She has to find herself a fake husband to present him.
Who does she do that.
Mitil gets high and tells Avik and Kanchan about her plan.
The next day Avik.
Mitil calls Avik to apologize and asks.
He can help her out.
Avik agrees to do.
And so a fake marriage ceremony takes place to please the landlady.
Mitil falls sick one day and Avik nurses.
Her back.
Avik becomes close.
Mitil is indifferent and feels.
She need to put an end.
Mitil s parents up unannounced at Mitil s place.
Who were unaware.
Mitil tells her parents her landlady and thinks.
Is mad.
She is married.
Avik is no longer in touch with Mitil.
He had been asked to leave indirectly.
Her parents pressurize her to get married.
She is made to under stand her father has suffered a cerebral stroke.
When she is about to get married.
She rushes.
The accident turns out to be fake.
The film ends.
<EOS>
The movie takes place.
Derrick Webb  Cathy Jones  and Travis are students as well as roommates.
They all take a Communications class.
Which the subject is brought up.
The three students decide to start a rumor and track and see the results.
One night while  they run into Naomi Preston and her boyfriend Beau Edson.
It is common knowledge.
Naomi is saving her virginity.
Jones has a problem with Naomi s wealth and sense of entitlement.
Furthermore  Naomi seems to have started a rumor having sex with Professor Goodwin.
Derrick meets a girl and brings her upstairs.
The girl becomes ill  Derrick than notices Beau and Naomi in the adjacent room kissing.
Beau attempts to have sex but is rejected.
Derrick  Jones  and Travis proceed to begin a rumor.
Naomi and Beau had sex.
The story begins to vary wildly  first involving a threesome.
Soon   it becomes a story of Beau raping Naomi.
<EOS>
John is an assassin working.
He is overcome and decides to quit his job.
A hit went wrong  resulting.
He starts life.
Meanwhile  John s boss  Captain  is facing a threat.
Captain decides to teach the city a lesson by killing the city s top industrialist  top film producer  the cop backing Yunus and Yunus himself  and no one dreams of becoming another Yunus.
That everyone else falls.
He decides.
John must carry out this plan.
To achieve this  he takes Shalini hostage.
John is given 36 hours to kill the five targets.
Things get worse.
When the city s toughest cop Wagh traces him.
John is pressed.
The body count is growing.
<EOS>
Captain Crewe  called to fight  he had to leave his daughter Sara with her pony at Miss Minchin s School for Girls.
Sara is distracted.
Worried. 
Sara hears news.
Mafeking is free and expects her father will soon come home.
Miss Minchin throws Sarah a lavish birthday party.
Captain Crewe s solicitor arrives with the sad news.
His real estate  the basis confiscated.
Miss Minchin ends Sara s party abruptly.
Sara becomes a servant  now working at the school.
She used to attend.
Sara gains new solace.
Who lives next door.
Sara gets hungrier and more tired from her arduous duties and sneaks off to Veterans Hospitals  convinced.
Her father is not dead.
Sara is at her wits end.
Taunting cause Sara to lose her temper.
Miss Minchin arrives  discovers blankets  assumes  and locks her in the attic  calling the police.
Ram Dass left Sara.
They are stolen.
Sara escapes and runs.
Meanwhile the hospital is preparing to transfer a newly arrived patient   but his papers have been lost.
Who is unable to communicate except to repeatedly say  Sara  Sara it is Captain Crewe.
No one knows.
Who he is.
Sara is initially barred but sneaks in  only to burst in upon a visit by Queen Victoria.
Who grants her permission to search.
Sara searches the wards unsuccessfully  but happens.
She hides.
Miss Minchin   is appalled.
Who pursued Sara.
Her brother thinks Sara is innocent.
A staff member announces  Miss Minchin exclaims  Captain Crewe is alive.
Sara has found her father.
Could she have found him if he was nt.
<EOS>
Vietnam veteran William Lansing  a former CSA agent  has been exchanging letters with Irena Morawska  a 13-year-old orphaned girl in Warsaw  Poland.
Who now works.
He s helping out financially.
Lansing heads to figure out the reason.
When the letters suddenly stop coming.
He discovers.
The orphanage that Irena was staying in  which is financed  is a cover for a human trafficking network.
Run  the operation is worth billions -- girls are sold and traded to the highest bidders from all over the world.
Lansing has taught Irena.
To use secret codes  which she uses to keep him updated.
Lansing stays.
<EOS>
The film tells the story.
Who confesses.
Eva is also a very powerful and wealthy leader.
She discovers.
Her daughter met and tries to stop her.
Unbeknownst  Alice escapes from France and leaves for Portugal to reunite with her supposedly dead father.
Eva s henchmen chase.
Alice meets a mercenary while escaping  Hugo.
Who then joins Alice on her journey to find her father.
Anita travels  as well.
Eva reappears to reclaim her daughter.
<EOS>
A high school student becomes pregnant.
The girl walks around.
She meets a waitress.
The waitress directs the girl.
<EOS>
A teletype message flashes  Master Sergeant Larry McRose  U.
S.
Army  Frankfurt  West Germany  Report.
S.
Army sergeants meet up.
The unit is composed  and are on temporary assignment under Hackett for this mission.
Jack Benteen is a tough Texas Ranger  his best friend is Cash Bailey  an American and former police informer.
Who has crossed and become a major drug trafficker.
A D.
E.
A.
Agent and several soldiers.
S.
Army unit show up.
Who are also tracking Cash Bailey.
He s deposited there  one is killed.
When the soldiers rob a local bank to get Bailey s money and a cash deposit box that contains accounts.
Two others are captured and placed in the town Jail.
Benteen is confronted.
E.
A agent.
Who turns out to be their commanding officer and reveals their true mission to obtain their release.
Now knowing the full story  Benteen joins and crosses the border into Mexico to track down Bailey and end his drug running.
Sarita   has crossed into Mexico to join him after arguing with Benteen.
Who was once Bailey s girlfriend.
Benteen confronts Bailey.
The soldiers attack Bailey s private army.
McRose witnesses Hackett shooting Bailey s accountant and at the same time revealing himself to be Bailey s partner.
The town erupts.
Benteen and Sarita survive  to ride off together.
<EOS>
Two old brothers  Moe and Pa  have lived together and are content with their daily and weekly routine.
This is disturbed later.
Whose existence was unknown.
The weirdness and the jealousy of Moe and Konrad then disturb the routine.
Moe leaves home.
<EOS>
A film crew travels to film a MTV.
The island is inhabited.
Paranormal events occur  eerie screams are heard at night.
The villagers dismiss them  a strange young man is seen wandering around  asking.
Whether they had seen someone called Ying.
The actresses felt something tickling their feet.
Shooting a scene.
An old woman narrates a tragic story from the village - the man was burned to death.
Who were separated because the woman s father opposed the relationship.
The woman drowned herself.
A mysterious feral child is revealed to be the one responsible.
The old woman recognises him.
A ritual is performed to put the lovers  spirits.
Their son is adopted.
<EOS>
The film takes place entirely  with the time being indicated chronologically on the clock in Johnny s Trans Am.
Early Johnny meets with his friend Lippy  an eccentric cocaine dealer played by Michael Winslow.
They discuss the planned burning.
It becomes clear.
Their discussion progresses.
It is Johnny who must carry out the burning before the night is over.
Moreover  his mother and sister live.
This request pushes Johnny to plan a split from the Mob.
Proves difficult.
Johnny must save his sister and mother from the burning of their building  and also rescue his girlfriend and their newborn child from the clutches of the Mob.
<EOS>
Lurcio becomes the inadvertent possessor.
The conspirators need to recover the scroll fast.
It has fallen.
Who mistakenly reads the contents to the Senate.
Farcical attempts are made to retrieve the scroll.
Pompeii is eventually consumed.
<EOS>
Lakhan Singh  also called Lucky  is the kinng.
Being a sikh  is the first Singh Is Kinng.
He is accompanied.
The birthplace of Lucky  lives another Sikh man more notorious than Lucky himself -- Happy Singh.
Happy has caused many problems and disastrous situations.
The villagers are fed up.
They decide to send Happy with his friend Rangeela to bring Lucky back to Punjab.
Will keep Happy out and bring peace to the village.
But tickets to Australia are accidentally exchanged with that of a man named Puneet.
Who was hoping to use them to fly.
Happy helps Sonia and falls deeply in love with her.
But he does not express his love.
Leaving her behind  he heads to meet Lucky.
Lucky refuses to return and throws Happy and Rangeela out of his house.
Penniless  Happy finds warmth and affection.
Who provides him.
Lucky winds up after a series of violent incidents.
Happy causes.
Happy unexpectedly receives the title -- thereby becoming the other Singh Is Kinng of the film s title.
Alas  Happy is not proud and is.
The lady is really worried and depressed.
Who helped Happy.
Her daughter is returning with her wealthy boyfriend  Puneet.
The daughter does not know.
Her mother became poverty-stricken and was reduced to work as a flower seller.
Happy gives the flower-seller Lucky s spacious house and makes all his mafia associates work.
The lady s daughter arrives.
She is none other than Sonia.
Happy  heart-broken  is forced to make a show to Sonia.
Puneet says.
Sonia had his ticket to Egypt not been exchanged in the airport  because of.
He had ended up.
Puneet had always been jealous being with Happy.
However  he doubts.
Anything is going on.
He and Sonia squabble  it is Happy.
Who handles it.
Meanwhile   most of Lucky s gang members find.
Themselves reformed and decide to become good.
Sonia falls in love with Happy.
The truth becomes difficult to hide.
Sonia becomes aware.
Puneet sets his heart to marry Sonia.
Sonia gets trapped and Happy.
Who loves her.
Whom she loves.
Puneet meets Mika   and.
Who is also the brother.
Who agrees to kill Happy.
Puneet s motives to kill Happy  however  differ  Puneet wants to kill Happy to keep Sonia away from him.
Whereas Mika wants to kill Happy to make himself Kinng.
The wedding day dawns.
There is firing.
Amidst gunfire all around.
Hides while the pandit chants the mantras  his head totally covered.
Meanwhile Happy takes Sonia s hand.
Suddenly  Mika turns up.
Lucky steps up and stops him.
He is about to shoot.
Then a dialogue ensues.
Then Happy tells him.
Being the king is no great thing and explains him the characteristics.
Lucky confesses.
He always found sadness being Kinng  because a true king does not fight.
Overcome  Mika drops his revolver.
The movie ends happily.
<EOS>
Sarah Bailey  a troubled teenager  has just moved to Los Angeles with her father and stepmother.
She forms a friendship with a group of girls rumored to be witches  Bonnie  Nancy and Rochelle.
Sarah becomes attracted to the popular Chris.
Sarah exhibits supernatural powers.
Her new friends believe.
She will complete their coven  making them all powerful.
He is immediately hit.
When Sarah is harassed.
The girls believe.
Together they willed it to happen.
Sarah is upset to find.
He has spread a false rumor that they have had sex.
He treats her disrespectfully.
Sarah casts a love spell upon him   Bonnie casts a spell for beauty  and Nancy for power.
Rochelle casts a revenge spell.
It very soon becomes clear  Chris becomes infatuated.
The spells have been successful.
Bonnie has heal.
Rochelle s bully Laura begins to lose her hair.
Nancy goes further.
Nancy becomes greedy and encourages the others to join her in a rite called Invocation of the Spirit.
She is struck by lightning.
Afterward she lacks empathy and begins taking risks and those of others.
The spells begin to show negative consequences  Bonnie becomes aggressively narcissistic  Rochelle finds Laura Lizzie traumatized and sobbing hysterically  Chris attempts to rape Sarah.
The girls have cast soon.
When she rejects his continual advances.
Nancy uses her power to kill Chris.
Sarah performs a binding spell to prevent Nancy  but this does not work.
The coven turns.
They invade her dreams  threaten her and use their powers to make.
Sarah believe that her father has been killed.
They taunt her and try to persuade her to commit suicide  herself.
Nancy cuts Sarah s wrists.
Sarah successfully invokes the spirit and is able to heal herself and fight back.
Sarah scares off Bonnie and Rochelle and defeats Nancy  binding her power to prevent her.
Nancy is committed.
The film closes.
The movie also feature.
A powerful deity called Manon  who is described than God himself.
<EOS>
A young girl named Kayley desires to become a knight like her father Sir Lionel in the kingdom of Camelot and wishes to accompany him.
When the knights are called.
He kindly objects and promises to take her someday.
She is too young.
Sir Ruber attacks Arthur.
When the knights arrive.
Mortally wounding Lionel  he is ultimately driven off by the other knights.
Arthur strikes him down.
Kayley must learn to live.
Lionel dies.
Inspired  she spends ten years tending to her family farm.
Now a young woman  Kayley is still much and still wishes to be a knight  much against her mother Julianna s wishes.
Her dream seems to pay off though.
When the knights again gather to discuss the era of peace among the kingdom when a gryphon flies in  attacks and wounds Arthur and takes the sword Excalibur.
Merlin summons a falcon.
The gryphon drops the sword into the Forbidden Forest and loses it.
He reports this.
The call goes out.
Excalibur had been stolen.
Kayley s mother forbids her to go out.
Shortly thereafter  Ruber comes to pay Julianna a visit  planning to use her to gain access and introducing a magic potion.
He had gotten that combines his men.
Kayley manages to free herself and escapes capture by fleeing to the Forbidden Forest.
Whose enchanted plant and animal life prevent Ruber s army.
The chicken  now named Bladebeak  is ordered to follow Kayley and report her whereabouts.
Kayley comes.
Lost. 
Who wants to be left alone.
He grudgingly helps Kayley find Excalibur.
Guided  they manage to find the scabbard of the sword in the footprints of a giant.
They come.
They make their way.
Thanks from the rest of the dragons due to their differences and their inability to fly  they want nothing more than to be apart from one another.
Developing a friendship  they join the party.
Garrett misses a key warning from Ayden and is injured in an attack.
Kayley uses the forest s plants to heal Garrett s wounds.
They develop a mutual attraction and feelings.
Soon they come.
Who is using the sword.
They slide uncontrollably.
Garrett returns  having grown distant from the world of men and preferring to stay in the forest.
Kayley starts  but is captured by Ruber s men.
Devon and Cornwall discover their power.
Only works when they cooperate or agree.
They rejoin Garrett.
Who mounts a rescue mission.
Ruber manages to gain entry and traps himself with King Arthur with Excalibur  now grafted to his arm with his magic potion.
Kayley is held prisoner  but is freed by Bladebeak.
Kayley and Garrett manage to fight their way.
They manage to trick Ruber into inserting the sword back into the stone it had been pulled from.
The magical forces conflict and completely disintegrate Ruber  leaving the kingdom free again.
The magic separates all from their weapons and separates Devon and Cornwall.
Spills. 
The pair decide to reunite.
Soon.
They share a kiss.
Their horse has a flag mounted Just Knighted.
The pair ride off.
<EOS>
The film begins as the narrator  writing his memoirs in a castle.
The voices can be heard from outside.
The film flashes back.
When a mysterious beast terrorized the province.
Gregoire de Fronsac  a knight and the royal taxidermist  arrive in Gevaudan to capture the beast.
They rescue Jean Chastel  an aged healer  and his daughter from an attack by soldiers.
The young and enlightened Thomas  Marquis dApcher  befriends them and assists their investigation.
Fronsac is initially skeptical.
Survivors describe it as much larger he has ever seen.
However   he deduces.
It must weigh roughly 500 lb.
Captain Duhamel  an army officer leading the hunt  has killed dozens of ordinary wolves  but has not come close to the actual killer.
Fronsac romances Marianne de Morangias  the daughter.
Staying. 
Whose brother  Jean-Francois  was also an avid hunter and a world traveler.
Fronsac is also intrigued.
Fronsac finds a fang made  and his doubts of the Beast s existence thicken.
Investigating another victim.
Another witness swears.
The Beast is controlled.
Fronsac studies the patterns  trying to find a common thread and reveal a murderer.
The king s weapons master  Lord de Beauterne  arrives to put an end.
The investigation proves to be unfruitful.
But  Beauterne kills an ordinary wolf and tells Fronsac to alter the corpse.
It resembles the monster accordingly.
Fronsac hesitantly does so.
The bogus wolf is sent back.
Where it is put  much to the pleasure of the king and the French aristocracy.
The king s advisor shows Fronsac a copy of a book titled Ledifiante -LSB- The Edifying -RSB- with treasonous theories  stating.
The Beast has come to punish the King for his indulgence of the philosophers  and that the modern embrace of science over religion is heresy.
Fronsac realizes.
The Beast is an instrument working to undermine public confidence in the king and ultimately take over the country.
Fronsac is told  warned to keep his mouth shut  and bribed to travel to Senegal.
Officially the Beast is dead.
Back  the attacks by the real Beast continue.
Ignoring his orders  Fronsac returns  determined to put an end to the Beast s killings  and also to take Marianne away.
The Beast attacks.
He sees it.
It kills a man  but mysteriously refrains.
Fronsac  Mani  and the Marquis set out and set up an array of traps to capture the Beast.
It proves to be too powerful and intelligent to be captured.
They can set up.
Mani sets off solo in pursuit.
Where he finds a catacomb used and a band of Gypsies working with them.
These include  ironically  Chastel  the Beast s tender  and his daughter.
Whom Mani saved.
Outnumbered and distracted  Mani is shot in the back  overwhelmed and killed  but not before slaughtering a good number of his attackers.
Fronsac is broken.
When he discovers his best friend has been murdered.
Performing an autopsy  he finds a silver bullet  Jean-Francois s signature weapon.
He goes to the catacombs and seeks revenge  finding a pile of copies of Ledifiante.
He kills many and discovers the Beast s lair before leaving.
That he can burn Mani s body.
He is then overpowered by the local authorities and imprisoned.
Sylvia visits him and reveals to him.
She is a spy.
The local priest  Henri Sardis  is the leader  believing.
He is restoring worship to France.
Pope Clement XIII has decided  and sent her to eliminate him.
Sardis is insane.
She then poisons Fronsac  telling him he knows too much.
Fronsac is presumed dead  and buried.
When Sylvia s poison has only put him into a temporary coma.
Henri Sardis wants to kill Marianne.
He persuades Jean-Francois to do so.
Jean-Francois comes and reveals to her  it recognized his scent.
He is the Beast s master.
When it came.
He also reveals.
His right arm is intact  albeit badly scarred.
He has kept it hidden.
Jean-Francois then rapes and nearly kills Marianne.
Sylvia s agents exhume.
Fronsac and he appears.
He kills several Gypsies and duels Jean-Francois to the death.
The other members attempt to flee.
They are corralled and arrested.
Sylvia personally kills the Chastel s daughter.
Sardis escapes  but is mauled to death by a pack of wolves  in an example of poetic justice.
Fronsac attempts to heal Marianne.
He and the marquis Thomas go.
Where being tended to  it lies grievously wounded after the fight in the forest.
It turns out.
The Beast was an offspring that Jean-Francois brought back from Africa.
It was tortured along with a large mask and metal implants in its jaw to make it more formidable and frightening.
Fronsac takes pity and kills the Beast in an act of mercy.
The film then returns.
The now-elderly Marquis dApcher finishes writing his account.
Before he is led by a revolutionary mob.
The Marquis has a flashback.
Which he narrates that he does not know what happened.
He hopes.
Somewhere  they are happy together.
Fronsac is shown traveling to start a new life together  scattering Mani s ashes at sea.
It is left unstated.
Whether the two are alive and happy or whether this is indeed the Marquis  dream.
<EOS>
LAPD Sgt.
Joe Friday s nephew and namesake   is involuntarily assigned a smart-alecky  streetwise new partner  Pep Streebek.
Whose anachronistic views reflect those.
They follow the trail calling itself P.
A.
G.
A.
N.
Friday and Streebek focus.
An informer tells them.
A local milk factory is being used.
A.
G.
A.
N.
S to mass-produce a toxic gas made they stole.
Friday and Streebek commandeer a police tank and use it.
Turns out to be producing only milk.
Friday and Streebek disguise themselves and sneak.
A.
G.
A.
N.
Ceremony. 
Where they witness the masked leader attempting to sacrifice a virgin  Miss Connie Swail.
Friday and Streebek disrupt the ceremony and save Swail.
Swail and Friday discover a mutual attraction.
He invites her to join him.
Streebek crashes the dinner party.
Connie identifies a fellow patron  the televangelist Jonathan Whirley  as the P.
A.
G.
A.
N.
Leader. 
Whirley is a highly respected community leader.
Who is dining.
Bill Gannon  Friday and Streebek s boss  and Police Commissioner Kirkpatrick.
Friday tries to arrest Whirley  leading Kirkpatrick to suspend Friday and order Gannon to take Streebek off the case.
Connie is kidnapped and taken to the estate of pornography magnate Jerry Caesar.
Whose mansion has become the cult s de facto headquarters.
Gannon reinstates Friday.
Who leads a SWAT team.
A.
G.
A.
N.
S and the police  Whirley takes Connie.
Where he escapes.
His getaway ends.
When Friday pursues him  forcing him to return to Los Angeles and land.
An epilogue reveals.
Friday is still working and dating Connie.
<EOS>
Serap  a young actress  takes part in a TV-commercial for a recently marketed shampoo  Belinda.
She plays the role.
She suddenly finds  the crew has vanished.
The stage has disappeared.
All the elements have become real.
Now she is Naciye.
No one around recognizes her anymore.
Even worse  her family thinks.
She is suffering  while Serap desperately tries to prove otherwise.
<EOS>
Set  the film features a fictionalized story of martial artist So Chan  popularly known as Beggar So  one of the Ten Tigers of Canton.
So is the spoiled son.
So excels.
He is lazy and illiterate.
So falls with Yu-shang  a courtesan.
Visiting a brothel.
Who dares to behave rudely.
So vies with Chiu Mo-kei  a magician and imperial official.
So inadvertently foils Yu-shang s attempt to assassinate Chiu to avenge her father.
Who had been murdered.
Yu-shang agrees to marry him.
Order to get rid.
He can win the title.
To win Yu-shang s hand-in-marriage  So enters the imperial martial arts contest to win the championship title.
So s father helps.
Him cheat his way  while his personal expertise in martial arts carries him through the physical tests.
So eventually emerges.
Chiu reveals  proving.
As the emperor is about to grant him the title.
So is illiterate.
He cheated.
The enraged emperor orders So s family properties and possessions to be confiscated and decrees.
They shall remain.
So does not adapt well.
He encounters Chiu.
Chiu breaks his legs  preventing him.
So is introduced his father to join the Beggars  Sect.
He is ashamed.
When he finds out that actually Yu-shang s family leads the sect.
He spends most.
He meets an elderly beggar.
Whom he helped earlier.
The beggar attempts to cheer him up.
So is shaken out.
When Yu-shang is kidnapped later.
He wants to save her.
He tricks the sect s members  by pretending.
He is possessed.
Using his improved literacy  he reads the sect s ancient martial arts manual and learns seventeen.
The last style is not shown.
Meanwhile  Chiu puts Yu-shang and attempts to use her as a puppet to assassinate the emperor and start a rebellion.
So leads his beggar followers to stop Chiu.
They engage.
Chiu s forces while So saves.
So uses all the skills.
He had learnt to fight Chiu.
They prove insufficient to completely defeat Chiu.
So s manual.
When Chiu conjures a windstorm.
Falls out and forms a flip book that animates the first seventeen.
So suddenly realizes.
The final stance is a combination.
He uses it to destroy Chiu and save the emperor.
Yu-shang agrees to marry So.
The grateful emperor asks So.
What reward he desires.
So chooses to remain expresses worries over So having so much power over the common people.
So reminds him.
As long as the people are cared  there will not be enough beggars under his influence to pose a threat.
Before the film ends  So and Yu-shang are seen wandering the streets  using an imperial tablet to force rich people to give them money.
<EOS>
Nithya is the deputy commissioner.
Who lives since both her parents were killed in an accident.
She was put.
A business man called Rajan Phillip.
Unknowingly she was helped by a criminal nicknamed Superman.
Superman aka Harikrishnan nurtures a vendetta and uses Nithya to trap his enemies.
Superman uses Judiciary as his weapon  by providing vital evidences to Nithya at times in order to collect evidences Superman.
Himself breaks the law  but as it is.
<EOS>
Manikkam and Devi are cousin.
They are.
Durai has a sister Valli.
She gets married.
Devi has a brother  a sister-in-law Gowri and a niece Baby.
Manikkam s former boss steals god status and sells it illegally  he also wants.
One day  Manikkam finds the culprit and sends him.
Valli and her husband has trouble.
Manikkam goes.
Baby vanishes.
Several times and the doctor says that Baby has a serious decease.
To save Baby they must have lot but the doctor s son asks Devi to marry him.
They will operate Baby.
He sees.
When Manikkam is back.
Devi married.
Devi goes.
The doctor s mother is found dead.
Manikkam tells.
What happened.
Raja killed Arumugam.
Who beat his wife Valli.
Manikkam went for six months.
To save his.
Manikkam becomes mad.
Devi s husband has a car accident and dies.
Devi s father-in-law advises her to go.
Devi s father-in-law treats Manikkam.
He fails.
Manikkam become again as before.
The doctor tells Devi s choice.
Manikkam s former boss tries.
Devi also dies.
<EOS>
Humans are a space-faring Federation and contend for planets with a hostile species of large insects known as the Arachnids or Bugs.
Whose home-world is the distant planet Klendathu.
Citizenship is not a birthright.
A privilege earned.
Who serve society.
Athlete John Johnny Rico  his girlfriend Carmen Ibanez  and best friend Carl Jenkins attend high school.
Fellow student Dizzy Flores is.
He does not return her affections.
All decide to enlist in Federation service.
Carmen excels academically and becomes a spaceship pilot.
Carl  who is psychic  is assigned Military Intelligence on the Bugs.
Rico enlists to see Carmen  but is surprised to see Dizzy.
Who has enlisted there to be.
The brutal but effective Career Sergeant Zim heads the recruits.
Rico is promoted and finds a friend in Ace Levy.
His hopes are dashed.
She desires a career and serves under Rico s high school sports rival  Zander Barcalow.
Results. 
He decides to resign and calls his parents.
The call unexpectedly drops  an asteroid launched has obliterated Buenos Aires  killing millions including Rico s family.
Rico rescinds his resignation and remains.
An invasion force is deployed.
The first strike is a disaster  with heavy casualties.
Rico is dead.
Himself is wounded and mistakenly labeled KIA  causing Carmen to believe he.
Rico  Ace  and Dizzy are reassigned  commanded by Rico s high school teacher Lieutenant Jean Rasczak.
Dizzy and Rico begin a romance and The Roughnecks respond from Planet P.
Where they discover a deserted outpost that had been overrun.
The distress call is a trap.
Who swarm the outpost.
Rico euthanises a mortally wounded Rasczak.
Dizzy is fatally wounded  dying.
They are retrieved.
Rico and Carmen reconnect.
Where they encounter Carl  now a high-ranking Intelligence officer.
Carl reveals.
The reason was to confirm the existence of an intelligent brain bug  directing the other Bugs and showing that the Bugs have a desire to learn about their human enemy.
He field-promotes Rico and gives him command of the Roughnecks  ordering the infantry to capture the brain bug.
The Fleet encounters fire.
Rico s Roughnecks join the mission.
Carmen s ship is destroyed.
The dying Captain Deladier orders them to abandon ship.
Carmen and Zander leave but crash into the Bug tunnel system near Rico s location.
Rico  unknowingly guided  takes Ace and teammate Sugar Watkins into the tunnels to rescue Carmen.
They find a wounded Carmen and Zander disarmed with several Arachnids  including the brain bug.
Drains the contents with a proboscis.
She severs it.
It can do so.
Rico threatens the Bugs  so the brain bug reluctantly allows them to escape.
Watkins is mortally wounded and sacrifices himself.
When Arachnids pursue them.
The others escape.
They find.
Former Sergeant Zim  who had demoted himself so that he could serve  has captured the brain bug.
Carl congratulates Rico and tells him and Carmen.
The humans will soon be victorious  now that Intelligence can study the brain bug.
<EOS>
Security guards Chuck and Bobby play a game.
Are obsessed.
They hear a sound coming - he works as a night custodian at the bank - and dreams  but he ends up making a mess in the bank.
Ernest is trying to turn on.
He would be a clerk.
He becomes magnetic.
The next day  bank president Oscar Pendlesmythe s assistant  Charlotte Sparrow requires him to clean up his supernatural mess.
Pendlesmythe wants to terminate Ernest s employment.
Charlotte has a soft heart  so she argues on his behalf.
Ernest takes a bath at home dry washing machine and uses a blow-dryer with a wind-tunnel force for his evening dinner with Charlotte in a restaurant.
He later receives a summons to jury duty in court and tells the two watchmen about it.
Dracup Maximum Security Prison convict Rubin Bartlett notices.
Ernest is the spitting image.
Rubin s lawyer convinces the jury to tour the prison  and another inmate named Lyle and forced to swap roles.
Where Ernest is kidnapped.
They refuse to believe him.
Though he tries to tell the guards he is not Nash.
Ernest also does not know.
He has a death sentence which is.
A guard tells them to stand up and be quiet.
Having lunch.
When he notices Ernest is making a lot.
Ernest tries a first attempt to tell one.
He is Ernest  not Nash.
The guard calls him Mr Funny Man and angrily says and throws him.
He is not funny and is lying.
Who pushes him back while the first attempt fails.
He tells a prison guard.
When he pushes him.
He was beaten up.
A prison guard tells Ernest.
He will be sent.
He has various misadventures.
He is sent by the prison warden.
The electrocution fails.
He is transformed  with the ability to shoot lightning bolts from his hands.
Shock various other jail members.
Ernest escapes and makes his way home.
To discover that his Pee-wee Herman-like decor has been replaced.
Now Ernest has become Polarized and gained the ability to fly.
He uses his super powers to fly.
Nash had attached.
Everyone especially Chuck assumes.
Ernest has been killed  until he falls on Nash.
Ernest tiredly declares  I came  I saw  I got blowed up.
<EOS>
The film is set and explores the conflict between urban and rural values through the medium of an evolving relationship between father and son.
The main character abandoned his wife and son ten years earlier to establish himself in an alternative lifestyle  living in a caravan and caring for his horses.
The world gets turned upside down.
Who has a prison sentence hanging over him.
Billy has lived his life  and in his lifestyle theft and drugs are the norm.
Using dramatic seasonal changes the film follows the development of this fragile relationship.
Both father s and son s value systems are tested.
<EOS>
Alice McKinley is an 11-year-old girl.
Who is facing many challenges.
Her mother Marie died  so she never really got to know her.
When she was young.
She lives.
Then they move.
The neighbors Elizabeth and her mother introduce themselves.
The next day s really nervous.
Alice goes with Elizabeth  and tells her she.
She runs Patrick.
Whom she accidentally walked in.
They line up to find their teachers.
Alice really hopes.
She s.
But instead she winds up.
Who gives her a hard time.
Alice tries out.
Cole s class is directing  and really wants the princess role.
But she ca nt really sing that well.
Her arch rival Pamela gets the part instead.
And Alice lands the role.
Pamela has nt been very nice.
Since she came.
Such.
Alice tells her dad and brother.
They tell her.
She could never really sing.
Her dad opens a new shop.
Alice tries to hook her dad and Miss Cole up  but her dad says.
She is too young.
Then her dad starts dating a new girl  Kelly.
Alice is afraid.
Her father will marry her.
Alice sneaks downstairs one night and see her father and Kelly kissing.
It really hurts her.
Their father s sister  Aunt Sally and her husband come to visit.
Their father finds Aunt Sally tedious.
She thinks they ca nt take care.
Alice finds a video  and later watches the video.
They re preparing.
But her father reprimands her  saying.
Those videos were private.
Back  Alice slowly begins to bond with Mrs Plotkin  and finds.
She is nt the witch everyone thinks she is.
And she finds out.
Miss Cole is nt the all-together person she appears to be  and finds it s all an illusion.
The night  Alice accidentally tears down the set.
Everyone is upset.
They tell her to leave.
Mrs Plotkin is right there to help her though.
Everyone apologizes  even Pamela.
Pamela and Alice are friends  Patrick asks Alice out.
Leads. 
Lester is seen playing.
<EOS>
The film centers.
The pairs include a middle aged woman and a young man  an elderly  drug dealing woman and her terminally ill husband in poor health  the tapas bar owner and his estranged wife  and two Chinese immigrants.
<EOS>
A woman has a series and encounters within the confines of a lonely apartment building.
Some include various abstract objects appearing in a room  two men engaging in fencing and martial arts  a man entering and leaving a room repeatedly  and a living wig destroying several items on a table.
The film ends.
It crumbles.
<EOS>
Shred is a motion picture.
Tells the story washed up pro snowboarders from the 90s named Max and Eddy who attempt to cash in on the fantastic growth of the sport by starting their own snowboard camp.
Hoping to recapture their former glory  they begin.
The story takes them.
Where they grew up at one of the biggest resorts in the west.
The pair face off.
The underhanded Kingsley sets out to ruin the ambitions of Max and Eddy by any means necessary.
<EOS>
Angele is a 40 year old beautician.
Who works.
She has been an orphan  her father having killed her mother for suspected infidelity.
Then killed himself.
When her infidelity was proved untrue.
She picks up men to have short sex flings  but no longer believes  having hurt her former boyfriend  Jacques.
Whom she occasionally contacts out  but who is never available at the same time as her.
An unkempt younger man  Antoine  sees her.
She is being dumped  and falls in love with her.
He stands to watch for Angele  follows her to a cafe and declares his love for her.
She is lost for words and does not immediately return his feelings.
Antoine also reveals.
He is engaged  but feels he is drifting away from his fiancee.
However   Angele gradually falls for Antoine.
Venus Beauty Institute is run.
Angele s co-workers include Samantha   and Marie  the youngest.
Who has a string and gives Angele their descriptions.
Who is still learning the ropes.
The co-workers  love lives contrast.
Marie has an aging pilot.
Who had been burnt and had his face reconstructed.
The pilot wants Marie to come.
She eventually does.
Angele is concerned.
Marie is too naive and that the pilot invited her.
Angele and Antoine start kissing.
Marie and the pilot begin to make love.
Christmas is approaching.
Angele goes in Poitiers.
Antoine had revealed  and had been commissioned to do an altarpiece there.
He is a sculptor.
She goes the cathedral to see the artwork  but changes her mind.
When an old friend recognizes her.
Returning  Angele goes to the hospital to visit Samantha.
Who tried to commit suicide out.
Samantha reveals.
Nadine is starting a new store  and that she found a new girl to temporarily replace Samantha.
However  the new girl  Evelyne  turns out to be a disaster  wanting to arrange the products  and eventually quits.
Meanwhile  Antoine s fiancee had followed him and seen him leave the store.
She goes  and confides to Angele.
Her fiance is seeing someone else.
She thinks.
He still loves her.
Later   Antoine s fiancee comes  Angele sees them together and thinks.
When Antoine takes Angele shopping.
Antoine has betrayed her.
She phones Antoine to tell her call their relationship off.
To make amends   Antoine comes.
Angele is left to close the store.
It is a new dress.
Antoine s fiancee sees this and comes.
Is the lights.
When she fires all she succeeds.
Antoine and Angele kiss each other.
<EOS>
The film tells the tale.
Who returns home from fighting in World War II.
He is suffering  and tries to track down his old identity  following a trail left behind by the mysterious Mr Larry Cravat.
He ends up stumbling.
The complicated storyline is typical.
<EOS>
A widow mourns the death of her husband.
She covers up the TV set and all the mirrors.
Her grown children are baffled  asking.
Their mother has suddenly gone Orthodox Jewish.
The mother will not discuss her past.
Her daughter wants to know.
What happened.
Learning.
Who saved her mother.
She finds Lena.
Who willingly reminisces.
Lena herself is a German woman.
Whose Jewish husband was persecuted while the little girl loses her own mother to the Nazi concentration camps.
The principal focus addresses.
What happened.
The film pieces together the story of the Rosenstrasse protest.
Where the women waited outside of a Nazi jail for their Jewish husbands.
The protests took place during the winter of.
<EOS>
Hamid and Zainab are teenagers  Hamid comes from the lower classes.
Zainab is the daughter.
Hamid s mother works.
Hamid has his schooling paid.
Eventually they fall  however  Hamid s mother warns him.
They will never be successful.
Hamid is run out.
Hamid is accused.
Zainab is betrothed.
However  they continue to love each other.
They are reunited in heaven.
<EOS>
Peter Derns  an executive  is assigned a temp  Kris Bolin.
When his administrative assistant takes a leave.
Peter starts to note the deaths for advancement in the company  such as Jasser and Hartsell.
Soon the assistant returns.
The temp has begun her own way up the corporate ladder.
<EOS>
Stephanie Komack was a big-class hooker and assassin.
She now was working as a waitress.
A single mother tracks Stephanie down and persuade her to do one final job.
That soon realises the reality.
When the hit goes wrong and Stephanie.
They snatch her daughter  but did nt figure on Stephanie s capacity for revenge.
Inspired.
<EOS>
Matthias Clausen is the powerful leader.
He falls with a secretary in the office.
His children conspire.
Order to protect their inheritance.
Clausen disowns them and bestows the firm  confident.
One will arise.
<EOS>
Tom is rowing  singing the Neapolitan ballad Santa Lucia the whole way in an operatic baritone voice.
He finds Jerry rowing.
He reaches the docks.
Mimicking him.
Tom picks up the cup  steals some tea  sugar  and a spoon  and covers Jerry with both.
He can finish.
Tom then begins to drink the.
An orange cat pulls  points at an empty plate  and holds his hand out as if to say  Mine.
Tom gives him the teacup.
Then Dupli-cat pulls.
Tom then returns the spoon.
Tom then innocently sits  and then after a few seconds  perhaps the most vivid display of rage throughout the series is seen  Tom blows his top.
He hears Dupli-cat sipping the tea.
Tom enters the ship and sees.
The teacup has been sipped clean.
He walks  and then sees Dupli-cat running through an opening in the wall  seemingly a reflection of him.
Tom continues walking back and forth.
The two cats mimic each other.
Tom catches.
When he moves.
Dupli-cat raises his head  and then tricks Dupli-cat  Jerry is in it.
When Tom does not.
Tom walks away and then stops.
The two cats chase.
Dupli-cat holds to take.
Tom holds out his hand.
He approaches.
Then Dupli-cat stomps thus falls through it.
Tom angrily climbs up the ladder.
Dupli-cat closes the trap-door  knocking Tom back down.
Dupli-cat then prances.
Tom is shown to be doing the same.
He snaps a loose board.
It hits Dupli-cat  shunting him back.
Jerry sighs.
Tom grabs him.
Tom then runs along the pier  but fails to see another pillar and runs.
Dupli-cat steals Jerry and ties him  and then ties Tom s fingers together around the pillar.
Tom moves his fingers up and down the pillar and makes it come loose and fall.
Dupli-cat falls and slowly sinks into the water and Tom grabs Jerry.
Tom and Dupli-cat perch throws a bottle of champagne at his rival  knocking him out.
Some falls on Jerry and inebriates him.
The two cats then successively grab the mouse.
Jerry drifts up.
Jerry tricks the two cats into poking their heads close to each other  and then ties the two cats by their whiskers and tails to a dock post.
The mouse  once again singing Santa Lucia  drunkenly stumbles off.
Some are the words THE END.
<EOS>
The film is.
Who sets out.
To do this  Sivan hatches a plan to get the twin brother and is an ordinary banana seller and a bit on the lesser side of intelligence.
Who is settled.
Sivan gets the banana seller  valiantly kidnaps the real chief minister with the support of his friends  and puts the duplicate in his place.
He keeps guiding the dummy chief minister at all points.
The dummy is busy trying to locate his lost love Ammu.
Whom he has adored.
<EOS>
The film follows Ibro and his son Armin   hoping to land a part in a German film about the war in Bosnia.
Who travel to a film audition in Zagreb.
They encounter a series of disappointing setbacks -- their bus to Zagreb breaks down.
They are late.
They soon realize.
Ibro convinces the director to give the boy a second chance.
Armin is too old anyway.
He feels increasingly disheartened.
It becomes obvious that Armin s dream will never happen.
Ibro s determination to help his son grows.
Finally they do get another chance.
Armin buckles and experiences an epileptic seizure.
The film crew makes an unexpected offer.
They get ready to head back.
Armin realizes.
When Ibro refuses.
Much his father really loves him.
<EOS>
Seven inmates from the National Penitentiary in Buenos Aires manage to escape by tunneling their way out of prison and into a coal store run by an old couple.
The old woman dies.
The escapees flee the place.
The old man eventually dies.
Prompts Irala to sell the store and walk away.
Domingo El Pibe Santalo  an expert poker player working.
Santalo used to play for Escofet and took her mistress  Tabita  as his own.
Santalo returns.
Escaped. 
But a game goes terribly wrong  and loses all the money.
Escofet  thinking  shoots Santalo  and is.
Santalo and Ganz have made an arrangement.
Who leaves Santalo to die.
It is then revealed.
It was Tabita who had made an arrangement.
Dr Julio Bordiola  Bordiola used to be  but retired.
When he shot a debtor who he thought was going to kill him.
Bordiola later on marries Rita Baldini  an underaged.
Who goes on to have an affair.
Bordiola shoots Cedeyra and is sent.
He escapes  only to find his wife s suicide note.
Where it is revealed that she was the 10 year-old girl.
Bordiola had shot her father.
She had married him in order to avenge him  but had fallen in love with him.
Bordiola s ultimate fate remains unknown.
Tomas Opitti  A byplane pilot  and his family.
Who   is mistaken for his accomplice by detective Eusebio Duval.
Is. 
Duval acknowledges his innocence  but sends him anyway.
A friend of Opitti s is mistaken for him and gunned down by Duval.
Opitti goes on to ambush Duval  knocks him unconscious  drags him to an abandoned air-field and ties him to a plane s engine  whereupon and stands.
He starts it.
As Duval is spun.
Opitti s ultimate fate is unknown.
Belisario El Pampa Zacarias  A homosexual.
Who is incarcerated for kidnapping and murder.
El Pampa insists  but dies during the escape attempt  crushed by the falling tunnel.
Omar The Turk Zajur  A homosexual.
Who is incarcerated for kidnapping and murder.
The Turk subsequently reunites.
Who despises him.
The Turk goes on to vandalize the obelisk.
Who had wanted a monument to celebrate the escape.
Camilo Vallejo  A quiet anarchist.
Who goes on to bomb a government coach.
The bomb  however  proves hard to set off.
It has been activated  the coach drives off.
Vallejo is left.
Vallejo starts shouting out warnings.
The crowd clears.
He is left alone.
He cried Long live anarchy.
<EOS>
Billy and his mother moved to rural Vermont after a car accident and with a gimp leg.
Left Billy fatherless.
Billy has a hard time adjusting and has trouble making friends.
Billy stumbles.
Shopping after school one day.
Where the animals are kept.
It is about to be sold.
He cleans her up and cares.
Billy takes the pony home.
The pony appears to be pregnant and eventually foals.
The pony s foal grows a horn and turns out to be a unicorn.
Who grows.
Billy names the colt Nico found in the word unicorn.
One day   a mountain lion comes to attack the pony and the foal.
Billy is.
The pony sacrifices herself.
She is killed.
Billy and his mother later bury the pony.
That night  magic descends.
Billy discovers.
Nico has become full grown.
Carolyn visits later and tells Billy.
He could charge people to see Nico and help his mother  Julie  earn money to go to school.
Billy is annoyed.
He and Carolyn argue making Carolyn storm off back.
Where she meets Bruce and Mark who make fun for saying he has a unicorn.
Carolyn  defends Billy she has seen Nico  before quickly denying it.
When Bruce becomes too interested.
The group does nt believe Carolyn  but decides to pull a hoax  and plan to take a picture of Nico with a fake horn.
They make an offer.
Who is looking.
If they provide proof  Cecil will pay them a hundred thousand dollars.
Cecil agrees thinking.
They are making it up.
Meanwhile Carolyn has cycled to warn Billy.
Who immediately packs his bag to take Nico to safety up.
Bruce and friends arrive.
He leaves  and ask Billy where Nico is  when Billy refuses to say Bruce pushes Billy down.
Nico comes out and goes to attack Bruce.
Bruce panics crying out to help and run away.
Billy does  before Bruce and Mark take pictures.
Billy decides now.
He has to take Nico away before people take Nico away  and tells Carolyn to tell his mother where Billy has gone.
The local police are involved too  led by Julie s boyfriend  Deputy Pete.
Who are more focused.
Having not gotten very far  Julie soon catches up.
Who is discarding his leg cast so he can ride Nico bareback  something that could confine him if he has a bad fall.
Billy pleads.
Julie confesses.
Billy eventually reaches the top of Big Rock.
Billy and Nico flee but  the police  Julie and Carolyn arrive.
They can escape.
Nico turns and runs before jumping and flies over the gap and lands on the other side.
Billy sees his mothers sad face in the reflection and knows.
He has to go back  he says goodbye before he goes back through the cave  where his mother and everyone is waiting for him on the desert terrain  having flown over in the helicopter.
Billy hugs his mother and Cecil.
Which Billy looks straight and says.
What unicorn.
Leaving Cecil storyless.
Returning home.
<EOS>
The Flats tells.
A cautionary tale played out among a group of 20-somethings transitioning into adulthood.
Main character Harper and his buddies make the most prior to an impending court-ordered jail sentence.
Things get even more serious.
When Harper and his best friend s girlfriend  Paige  begin a sobering relationship.
<EOS>
Firefighter Jeremy Coleman and his co-workers contemplate ending the day with a refreshing drink.
He unknowingly witnesses the clerk being brutally murdered.
When Jeremy enters the liquor store to buy more alcohol.
Police detective Mike Cella learns of Hagan s recent crime and takes an interest in the case.
Hagan is arrested.
Jeremy identifies him  however  Hagan demonstrates.
He knows full well that Jeremy is by reciting Jeremy s full name  address and social security number.
Jeremy is forced to surrender his entire career.
He s placed.
He also finds consolation.
Jeremy finds it difficult to cope.
Later  Hagan s attorney arranges.
Him to be released in the weeks leading up to the trial.
Jeremy and Talia find their lives in jeopardy.
Jeremy flees and travels to Long Beach  CA.
When Talia is severely wounded.
There  Jeremy teams up.
Order to bring him down.
Soon  Jeremy will have to work to eliminate Hagan s men one.
Order to protect the woman he loves.
<EOS>
It is the story of a woman.
Who claims she has witnessed a murder at night.
Unfortunately  she is not able to prove this.
<EOS>
John Shaft is drugged with a tranquilizer dart  then kidnapped and persuaded by threats of physical force  the promise of money  and the lure of a pretty tutor to travel to Africa  assuming the identity of a native-speaking itinerant worker.
His job is to help break a criminal ring.
Is smuggling immigrants.
But the villains have heard.
He is.
Shaft must pass a test  the test involves him surviving in a small  overheated room without water.
A floor covered  mimicking the supposed conditions of Africa.
Shaft ingeniously covers himself  thereby avoiding heatstroke and winning the contract from his employer.
Shaft must then embark.
<EOS>
The film opens.
It smashes beside the lookout over Fawcett City.
It s revealed.
That meteor is.
The film then cuts in a seemingly rundown slum with very little food and rats for pets.
He rises.
He goes  but only finds potato chips.
He ends up feeding.
He sees.
Three bullies robbing a homeless man.
Billy himself earns a black eye for his trouble.
The homeless man thanks Billy  and calls him The Captain.
Billy responds.
He always try to do the right thing.
Billy gives him the only currency - a subway token.
He has.
Clark buys the boy three breakfast specials  and tells him his intended story.
Will bring the plight and those in his situation to public light.
Billy tears ravenously.
He tells Mr Kent.
He tries to be good no matter what.
Neither notice.
The conversation continues.
Black Adam has appeared  hovering and causes a destructive force by clapping his hands together and blowing a hole in the side of the diner.
Clark attempts to protect the boy.
A blow sends him through several walls.
He emerges and transforms himself into Superman.
Adam stalks young Billy.
Billy is completely unaware.
What he means.
Black Adam picks up a passing fire engine.
Superman appears and intervenes.
Black Adam can use it to crush him.
Billy then makes good his escape.
Superman gets and  he realizes.
Blasted from Black Adam s fingertips.
Adam s powers are magically based.
He is vulnerable.
This vulnerability throws Superman s victory  placing him and Adam at somewhat equal footing.
Black Adam begins to use this.
Superman responds.
The magical being does nt have.
E. 
Heat vision.
Black Adam continues his pursuit of Billy.
Who runs  first encountering the homeless man he attempted to help.
The man gives him a subway token and tells him he told him.
He would pay him back.
Billy runs further  jumping onto the tracks with Black Adam in pursuit.
Billy is standing  causing Adam to leave.
When a train appears and apparently runs Billy over.
Billy opens his eyes to find.
He is.
The token begins to glow.
He begins to crackle.
When he takes it out.
Billy sees flashes of his past life  his parents headstone and the orphanage.
Where he was placed.
He gets off.
Billy finds his way.
Who relays that he is the next Chosen One.
He explains.
Adam had been the champion he had chosen 5000 years ago.
Teth-Adam had used his power and corrupted the gift.
He was then banished.
Now Adam has returned seeking vengeance.
The Wizard then causes a cave  telling him  but tells Billy  he has only to speak the Wizard s name.
He wishes to atone.
Should he need him.
Billy narrowly escapes the cave.
It collapses.
Outside  the battle rages on.
Superman is barely able to hold his own.
Superman is again subdued and is rendered unconscious.
Billy encounters Black Adam and defiantly tells Adam to leave Superman alone.
He attempts to strike an amused Black Adam.
Who is about to kill Billy.
Billy anxiously shouts  Shazam  is transformed.
I could use a little help here.
Summons the lightning and Billy.
He quickly counters an attack with his newfound abilities.
Finally  Black Adam is forced to stand.
Billy has only the duration.
E. 
Speed  strength and flight.
He also discovers.
Randomly saying the Wizard s name takes the powers away as quickly.
A now recovered.
Superman is unsure.
They soon discover.
They are.
The battle is now two.
The World s Mightiest Mortal and the Man engage The Original Champion of the Wizard  Adam  in full on combat.
Black Adam starts resorting.
Will flood nearby Fawcett City.
Landing attacks a passing car  flipping it and removing it s female driver as a hostage.
He tells Billy.
He must surrender himself.
He will release the hostage.
Billy complies.
Black Adam throws the hostage.
But  Black Adam grabs him.
Billy can say his magic word.
Adam is blasted by heat vision by Superman.
Who has completed his task and saved the hostage after quickly freezing the flood with super cold breath  another ability.
Black Adam does not possess.
Another fight ensues.
Billy has reached his tolerance point and utters the magic word.
Adam is beaten.
Who stomps him.
Superman talks him out.
Adam tells him angrily.
Only death will stop him.
It is then.
The homeless man appears once again and reveals himself to be the boy s guardian angel Tawky Tawny.
Tawky reverts as a tiger and tells him  it will take Adam ten thousand years to return.
He will ensure that the Wizard will send him so far this time.
To evade being banished even farther  Black Adam shouts Shazam turning him back into his mortal form Teth-Adam and turns to dust in an apparent act of suicide.
Whose mortal body was unable to withstand the amount that has passed.
It was an apparent bluff.
Tawny admits the Wizard is indeed dead.
Superman looks and says.
Tawny walks away.
You have some unusual friends.
Billy finds himself encountering the bullies again.
The bullies push Billy  and defiantly dare him to talk back  daring him to say  just one word.
Shazam.
Which Billy replies.
<EOS>
A bittersweet love story.
Takes place.
The Soviet dreams.
The American dreams.
Symbolically both countries still have a long way to go.
Both try to pursue their goals.
The film is not political.
The focus is.
<EOS>
Sir Wilfred Robarts  a famed barrister is released.
Where he stayed.
Returning  he takes the case of Leonard Vole  an unemployed man.
Who is accused.
His cold German wife Christine   she becomes the witness for the prosecution and strongly claims.
Leonard Vole claims he s innocent  although all evidence points as the killer  his alibi witness.
Her husband is guilty.
Sir Wilfred believes.
There s something suspicious  especially with Mrs Vole.
<EOS>
Mammy Two Shoes is standing  screaming in panic  being harassed by Jerry.
She calls.
Who lazily wakes up and then acts.
When he sees the mouse.
Tom chases Jerry away.
Jerry trips him.
Jerry goes back the stool up and down.
Tom chases him again.
Jerry then opens up a door and the ironing board  followed  fall on Tom s head.
Tom catches Jerry trying to cut down the stool.
Jerry gives him the axe.
Mammy urges Tom to hit Jerry  but misses.
Eventually he chops down the stool.
Tom supports Mammy.
He loses his balance.
Jerry opens the door.
Tom goes still on him  and crashes down into the basement causing several pieces of crockery to smash outside the door.
Fed up retires him.
She then calls.
Who lives up.
He rushes.
Tom then panics.
Lightning speeds and flips him over  then Lightning kisses Mammy s hand.
Mammy praises Lightning s etiquette and efficiency.
Jerry tries to sneak back.
Lightning kicks him out again.
Lightning passes and twists him around  and dresses him up with a fake beard.
A walking stick.
Mammy advises him to take good care  as she goes upstairs  leaving Lightning in charge.
The cat then begins to show his true nature.
He drops a bottle.
This wakes up Mammy.
Lightning then frames Tom.
Lightning nods Tom s head.
When Mammy enters.
When she asks if he had been.
Lightning offers to throw Tom out.
Tom is kicked.
Where he sees Jerry.
Jerry just kicks himself out.
Lightning is set to kick him.
Together  the duo plot to remove Lightning for good.
Later Tom and Jerry  armed  sneak into the house  and place the iron by a sleeping Lightning s mouth  and the magnet behind his rear.
This causes Lightning to swallow the iron  waking him up.
Tom uses the magnet to attract the iron  and therefore pull Lightning back.
Lightning chases.
Tom then tosses the magnet.
Jerry is too light and is dragged along.
He runs and latches onto the magnet.
Lightning grabs  Jerry and Lightning begin a.
The duo wins.
Lightning is sent.
Where a whole set fall on the ginger cat.
Mammy hears the chaos and enters the room.
Soon Jerry starts to terrorise her again.
She is standing on.
She calls.
Lightning is unable to come.
Tom is controlling his movements.
Eventually.
Someone will help her.
Who grabs Jerry and pretends to beat him up.
Tom and Jerry are actually hitting a pan and rattling it.
Tom helpfully kicks Lightning out.
He breaks his foot.
He kicks him.
Later  Tom   is given a nice pie from Mammy as a token of her gratitude  as well as an apology for her misunderstanding.
Tom takes most  but leaves the remainder by his side for Jerry.
Who  using the magnet  brings the pie and dish  and happily tucks into his well-earned food.
<EOS>
The third chapter finds a space station in dire trouble after colliding with an old mining vessel  except for one murderous android.
Has been deserted.
<EOS>
Filmed  the musical film Pesnya vsegda s nami.
Features six songs.
The young and beautiful singer starts a concert.
This autobiographical scenario depicts true Ukrainian Moldavian origins in Western Ukraine.
<EOS>
Prem is a man.
Who is married with two kids.
He gets involved.
He prefers her.
Rupali is modern and wears fashionable clothes.
Pooja discovers him at Rupali s house and asks him to choose between his mistress and his wife.
He decides to move in and starts living with her.
Pooja  meanwhile  Lakhan has a.
She becomes a modern woman.
Who does many modeling assignments.
Also  Pooja sends her mother-in-law and children to live.
They all trouble Rupali and manage to convince Prem and kill them.
Rupali keeps them hungry and wants.
Prem realizes.
Rupali only came since he gave her materialistic things while his wife stuck with him through thick and thin.
Rupali realizes her mistake and gets back together.
Lakhan makes Rupali his sister and is hugging her.
When his wife Lovely walks and misunderstands them.
She leaves the house.
Their son has tampered.
Lakhan then chases and makes up with her.
The show ends.
She is his Biwi no.
.
<EOS>
A long extinct animal shot turns out to be a prehistoric pterosaur.
He argues.
It is genuine and that he shot it several months ago.
The lecturer  Professor Leo Summerlee dismisses it.
Do several others.
Eventually ambitious Lord John Roxton  a noted hunter and womanizer  and Daily Gazette columnist Edward Malone announce.
Even Summerlee joins them.
Challenger shows a sarcastic Summerlee and his expedition members a map  drawn up by a Portuguese man called Padre Mendoz.
Who ended up which Challenger claims prehistoric creatures thrive.
Most notably  there is a plateau.
Would supposedly isolate the inhabitants.
Roxton begins flirting with Agnes  the niece of reverend Theo Kerr  a priest.
Who disregards the idea.
Agnes joins them  the reverend is initially reluctant.
He later joins them.
They eventually find the plateau.
They go.
Was the only route only to discover that it has been sealed off by debris as it had been exploded years ago.
Instead they cross.
The reverend suddenly pushes.
Edward makes friends with a Hypsilophodon  and the stunned group spot an Iguanodon  and then a group of Pteranodons.
Who attack and injure Summerlee.
They are gathered.
Is later identified as an allosaur which is probably an Epanterias but not an Allosaurus because this animal is much bigger than the usual.
The next day called Pithecanthropus.
Edward is scared out a tree.
Looked almost human.
They then search and find a large lake in the centre of the plateau.
Malone had discovered while up the tree.
He names it.
Roxton and the professors rest.
Edward and Agnes walk off.
The allosaur emerges from the forest and drinks from the lake  but soon notices them as they run into the forest.
The allosaur pursues them through the borders of the forest.
They all fall.
They find out.
Challenger and Summerlee have been kidnapped.
The apes take them.
Where they are placed.
The sun shines.
The beasts place Summerlee s head  about to smash his head with a large stone and eat him.
When Roxton and the group start shooting all the ape men.
Challenger tries to save the creatures  calling them the missing link upon leaving the animals territory  the group also rescue an Indian chief s son  Achille.
The tribe recognizes Challenger.
Returned and drew up a map of the area.
They are taken.
They found earlier and told.
A man  who they thought was the Devil  came to visit them.
The two groups cooperate very well together.
However  the presence disturb the tribes people.
They remain safe from harm and are kept in a wooden cage on the border of the village.
However  two allosaurs attack the village.
The first male allosaur is killed by Roxton and his elephant gun but the larger female allosaur mortally wounds the chief.
Agnes and Malone set the ape men loose.
They flee back.
One psychotic ape gets its hands and keeps an eye on Roxton.
Edward Malone eventually kills the larger dinosaur  but is too late to save the chief and several.
He is critically injured  and dies.
Who blames the white intruders.
Summerlee reopens the cave by blowing up the debris blocking their only escape route.
The outsiders flee.
Achille assumes command.
Roxton stays behind to stall them.
The ape stabs Roxton in the torso  apparently killing him  growling.
Achille shoots the mad ape while it stands.
Outside  the reverend comes to block the remaining group s way and is actually the Devil body.
Who visited the Indians and sealed off the cave.
He intends to kill all and seal off the cave again to prevent the plateau and its inhabitants from being found and revealed.
The reverend accidentally shoots himself and dies.
Struggling. 
The explorers go back  Edward discovers.
Gladys is engaged.
Later that evening  the juvenile pterosaur.
Challenger brings back escapes.
Afterwards  Malone and Summerlee urge Challenger to end the whole affair.
That the plateau and its inhabitants can exist  realising it would be exploited if its location were to be revealed.
The pterosaur is dismissed.
The articles Edward sent back are passed off.
Edward confesses.
He loves Agnes  who tells him the same.
They kiss.
Where the crew have been exposed.
Roxton is revealed to be alive and well  having survived his injury and is still happily married to Maree.
<EOS>
American seaman Henry Adams is stranded penniless in England and gets caught up in an unusual wager between two wealthy  eccentric brothers  Oliver and Roderick Montpelier.
They persuade the Bank to issue a one million pound banknote.
They present in an envelope.
The reason is.
Oliver believes that the mere existence will enable the possessor to obtain whatever he needs  while Roderick contends that it would actually have to be spent for it to be of any use.
He tries to return it  but is told.
Adams gets.
They have left.
He then finds a letter  explaining the wager and promising him a job.
He can avoid spending the note.
Everything goes.
Oliver had predicted.
Adams is mistaken and has no trouble getting food  clothes and a hotel suite on credit  just by showing his note.
The story is reported in the newspapers.
Adams is welcomed  meeting the American ambassador and English aristocracy.
He becomes very friendly.
Then  fellow American Lloyd Hastings asks him to back a business venture.
Hastings tells Adams  the mere association will allow Hastings to raise the money.
He does not have to put up any money himself.
He needs to start up a gold mine.
Trouble arises.
When the Duke  who had been unceremoniously evicted from the suite Adams now occupies  hides the note as a joke.
Panic breaks out.
When Adams is unable to produce the note.
Fortunately  all is straightened out.
Adams is able to return the note at the end of the month.
<EOS>
Everyone knows someone.
Who s had a.
Some people even believe.
Racoons are smarter.
College buddies will be the best summer break of their lives.
Ty Smallwood and Zach join a small group visiting the Raccoon Creek Campground to have what they hope.
Their hopes are dashed.
When they have.
Things go.
When they discover that maniacal raccoons have targeted the camp.
The rest seek revenge and retaliation.
When one camper is murdered.
<EOS>
<EOS>
The film concentrates in Berlin in the late.
Are popular  holding large parades.
When Westmar arrives the communists  whose leaders include a stereotypical Jew.
He is horrified.
When he looks.
Includes black jazz music and Jewish nightclub singers.
This scene dissolves.
Westmar decides to help organize the local Nazi party and becomes.
Encourages the Communists to kill him.
<EOS>
A young hitman named.
Frank Archer rises.
Still living up  Frank Archer searches for the truth about his haunted past  eventually crossing him with a sadistic assassin known only as The Ripper.
<EOS>
The film traces the story in the aftermath of the Fall of Saigon on April 30  1975 to North Vietnam s communist regime.
Long  is imprisoned in a North Vietnamese reeducation camp  Mai  her son Lai  and her mother-in-law escape Vietnam by boat in the hopes of starting a new life in Southern California.
Believing  Long gives up.
His family is dead.
Mai struggles to keep her family.
He is reinvigorated and decides.
When Long learns his family is alive.
He must join them.
<EOS>
Children play under the shadow of a sinister mountain of the trolls.
A gnome  Bu  is happily decorating his own home with Christmas decorations  aided by mice and birds.
He explains.
The Christmas season does nt really start until the arrival of the Christmas tree  at which point two girls and their father return to the cottage dragging a tree on a sleigh.
The uppermost branches are pushed to form a miniature tree for the gnome.
When the humans set the tree up.
He quickly decorates the tree  topping it.
Bu explains.
While his people   love Christmas  the trolls do not.
He explains --  all is bad.
Trolls live high because they fear our world.
Is good.
All that is right is wrong and that Christmas is scarier.
They have no word  and do not believe in God.
He adds.
He knows all this.
The film turns.
Bu narrates.
His father  the two-headed King Ulvik  could grow so angry that storms would sweep.
Ulvik is shouting Queen Sirena for having given him the insulting news.
Bu is failing his lessons.
Sirena waives his anger displaying an obvious favoritism the two-headed Borch and the two-headed Prag.
Ulvik accuses the queen.
Sirena rebuffs this.
It was also mentioned.
Bu is the oldest but does nt look like he s older than them.
She claims.
His innocent looks and unassuming personality will lead if he remains crown prince.
Ulvik decides.
He will have to teach his son to be a brat  blaming the modern school system.
Professor Nidaros teaches his class to cause disorder  inflict pain  and follow the Troll Golden Rule  Do unto others.
They do unto you.
His lesson is interrupted.
Who arrives to test his sons  educations.
Borch demonstrates a knowledge  the king only cares about Bu s learning.
The crown prince timidly answers his father s questions  taken  correctly  but finishes by politely asking to return to his seat.
The words thank you.
Which Bu begins to cry.
Infuriated  Ulvik sends the class fleeing at his rage.
Later  the young trolls make good  ruining each other s fun in the winter weather.
Bu sits alone.
Ulvik is scolding Professor Nidaros.
A dim-witted troll named.
Ribo tells Borch and Prag that they should eat their eldest brother  making Prag the new crown prince.
A devious bull-headed troll named.
Stav suggests that the princes do not have the nerve to deal.
The humans are currently involved.
He will get killed while investigating.
They tell Bu.
The humans may be planning an invasion  and that as prince it is his duty to investigate.
He is inspired.
Bu is.
Uncovering the humans  plot will make his father proud.
Summoning his courage  Bu decides to lead the four trolls.
Who are different.
Their first obstacle down the mountain is the Troll Bridge.
Is made.
He makes it safely.
The trolls hope Bu will fall.
The five continue down the mountain  encountering two rabbits and a squirrel.
Finally they arrive.
Venturing  Bu witnesses a woman baking and eating gingerbread men.
Mistaking them  Bu flees the scene in horror  telling his companions to run for their lives.
They tie him.
The trolls believe Bu.
Bu pleads.
They mock him.
Two young girls  Kristi and Sonja come.
Choosing the tree  they chop it down and haul it  singing a carol.
Which Bu is bound.
The two sisters discover Bu.
Decorating the tree.
Whom they take.
Avoiding their questions  Bu demands to know more  confused by the good nature of their song versus his knowledge of humans.
Bu is confused.
The girls explain caroling and Christmas.
Bu is curious to see.
Kristi mentions the Bible.
What humans use.
Sonja reads Luke 210 -11  prompting Bu to ask.
What savior means.
Christ is sent to love the whole world.
The whole world includes him.
Kristi and Sonja  taking him  do nt hesitate to say yes.
The girls affirm.
When he questions God s love.
As evil as they may be  God must love them.
His heart begins to beat.
He listens.
Sonja finds a miniature Bible used and gives it to the prince.
The house tremors and winds howl outside.
Bu begins to read.
Horrified  he runs and realizes.
The king s messenger  Malfred  has been sent.
Bu frantically tries to help Kristi and Sonja escape.
Realizing  he leaves them to find Malfred.
They have no place to go.
The messenger finds them.
Bu realizes.
He runs.
He finally understands love.
Manifested  Malfred freezes the awaiting Bu and carries him to a cell in the palace prison.
He hallucinates before realizing.
Bu wanders confused.
They are gone.
Remembering them brings to mind his Bible  however.
Bu begins to read  discovering the true Golden Rule.
He falls asleep reading Luke  but is roused.
Two giant troll guards remove him and take him to a public trial.
He finally accepts that Sonja and Kristi must be right.
Ulvik explains.
The crowd accuses him and mocks his appearance.
Bu has been brought to determine whether he is fit to remain crown prince.
Borch and Prag have testified  claiming.
He attempted to push them.
They add.
He tied them and bragged of spying for the humans  which horrifies the crowd and Bu s parents.
Finally Borch concludes.
The humans plan to cook and eat the trolls  at which Queen Sirena accuses Bu.
Ulvik protests.
There is no evidence.
Krill the prosecuting attorney charges Bu.
Stav points out that Bu is at least guilty.
Agreeing  Ulvik encourages his son to prove his knowledge.
If Bu has committed heresy than he is guilty.
Which Sirena accuses her husband.
The king proceeds to ask his son the same questions.
He had asked him previously.
Bu  however  recites the biblical Golden Rule  his belief  and.
He has a heart.
He fails to notice his nose shrink  his tail disappear.
He speaks.
His ears lose their points.
Not understanding  but recognizing its contradiction  the court accuses him of blasphemy.
What Bu is saying.
Irate  the king not only strips Bu  but disowns him and leaves him to the mercy of the crowd.
Bu escapes and heads down the mountain in a snow storm.
Discovering  Sirena fears.
The former prince has escaped.
He will lead the humans to retrieve him.
The king  however  depressed  assures his wife.
Bu has never been a traitor and will not cause them any trouble.
He tells Sirena to let him go.
It s all over.
Having eavesdropped  Borch and Prag find Stav and Ribo and head out armed into the night to kill Bu.
Lost laments  he finds shelter by a tree and falls asleep.
He has no home since he is neither a troll nor a human.
Meanwhile  the murderous trolls are chased back up the mountain crumbling behind them and trapping them in the Troll Kingdom.
They are watched warily.
They flee.
Discovering Bu  Bjorn ventures down to see  but proclaims.
He is another troll.
He must be a traveling gnome.
He catches his reflection in a slab of ice and sees.
He is no longer trollish.
Bjorn asks Bu to stay.
Bjorn takes him.
Bu learns that he is.
Back  Bu readies himself for bed.
He explains.
While his story may sound  the story of Jesus is not.
He falls asleep outside.
<EOS>
A temp/aspiring screenwriter befriends a washed up  former teen idol and develops an unhealthy relationship with him.
<EOS>
The film opens.
Where the slack-jawed pump attendant is attacked.
The attendant s body begins to contort after the attack.
Meanwhile  a young couple  Seth Belzer and Polly Watt retreat.
Their plans are shattered.
When they are.
They get a flat tire.
The foursome travel the back roads together.
When they run over a small splinter infected animal.
Finding shelter  they fend off larger incarnations of a parasite.
It infects more victims.
Lacey discovers the infected still-living body of the attendant from the opening scene.
Lacey is attacked and dies instantly.
Her corpse slowly reanimates and becomes a new creature.
Attacks the remaining survivors.
The three remaining discover are capable.
Fighting this creature.
Severed pieces.
Sheriff Terry Frankel arrives and attempts to arrest Dennis.
She is ripped by Lacey s corpse.
The creature takes the top half  creating a larger creature.
Seth formulates a plan to call.
When her body was ripped.
However   the newly rebuilt creature attacks and takes the lower half of the cop.
The trio hides.
When a section manages to get in and attack them.
It is then discovered.
Dennis has been infected as his left arm violently twists and twitches.
Seth and Polly amputate his arm to prevent the infection.
Dennis later explains.
He had been pricked from a creature they encountered on the road.
Seth also discovers.
The creatures are actually just a mold or fungus taking control they infect and consuming the blood and because it is a simple creature they hunt based on temperature  attacking the warmest thing they can find.
Seth is able to sneak past the creature to the police car.
Polly and Farell distract it.
Seth makes it but discovers that without the keys  the car.
The police radio inside are useless.
Meanwhile  Seth s body temperature has risen  forcing Dennis to leave the gas station.
Order to lure creature away.
The creature manages to enter the gas station.
Dennis and Polly are forced to hide.
Meanwhile  the discarded fireworks ignite the trail.
The gas station catches.
Seth is able to retrieve a shotgun and helps Polly and Dennis escape.
Dennis offers to keep the creature  and is infected in the process.
Seth and Polly escape.
He shoots one with the shotgun.
The creature is engulfed.
The creature is dead.
When the smoke clears.
Dennis is still infected.
Seth and Polly approach Dennis he shot and paralyzed.
Who gives them a key  telling them to give it to the wife of a man.
Who later died.
Dennis shoots directly  incinerating himself  the gas station and any remaining infected corpses.
Seth and Polly stumble off.
The final scene reveals.
There are other infected creature corpses lying dormant.
<EOS>
Director Reed Cowan   planned  but switched his focus to Mormon ideology because of.
Who is a former Mormon missionary.
It contributes.
<EOS>
Set at an unknown date  Last Night tells the story of.
A variety spend their final evening on Earth.
It seems.
The world is to end as the result of a calamity that is not explained  but which has been expected for several months.
There are several scenes.
Gets progressively larger and brighter even.
Some people choose to spend their last evening alone  others with loved ones  others in prayer  others in public mayhem  and still others at raucous festivities.
Duncan  the owner  spends the majority of his final day calling up every single one of his customers to reassure them.
Their heating gas will be kept on.
Meanwhile  his wife Sandra prepares to fulfill their suicide pact.
Drinking wine.
The widower s best friend Craig participates  at one point awkwardly asking Patrick to join him.
He attempts to fulfill every fantasy he has ever had.
Sarah Polley appears  their family chooses to have a final meal together.
He leaves prematurely to seek his own finale.
Jackie Burroughs makes an appearance.
Who jogs.
Arsinee Khanjian also appears.
Who is paralyzed.
Patrick and Sandra decide to fulfill the suicide pact.
Her husband was unable to complete.
They both sit on the roof facing each other  listening to the song Guantanamera  each holding a loaded pistol to the other s temple.
Sandra implores Patrick to resolutely carry out the pact.
But  both characters are overcome with emotion and simultaneously let their pistols slip away.
The last moments are seen.
It is.
The world  and all its variegated characters  are terminated.
<EOS>
Sada Abe is a former prostitute.
Who now works.
The hotel s owner  Kichizo Ishida  molests her.
The two begin an intense affair.
Consists. 
Ishida leaves his wife and family to pursue his affair.
Abe becomes increasingly possessive and jealous.
Ishida more eager to please her.
Their mutual obsession escalates.
Where Ishida finds he is most excited.
He is killed.
Abe then severs his penis and writes  Sada Kichi the two forever  in blood on his chest.
<EOS>
The plot revolves.
Have taken.
The female insects promptly become enthralled.
Who incurs the jealous resentment.
Bingo  however  literally shows his colors.
When a spider invades the kitchen  leaving Bingo to cower.
Bingo emerges from the wax paper roll and attempts to resume his braggadocio  only to be put in his place decisively.
<EOS>
Young-min works after his graduation upon a college  as dreaming of becoming a writer some day.
He marries his college sweetheart  Mi-young  believing.
Their love would be everlasting.
<EOS>
In about 1900  George Duroy  just returned from Morocco  spends a night with the singer Rachel.
Who is rehearsing the song Bel Ami.
Later he tells the newspaper editor Forestier about Morocco.
Duroy is engaged by Walter  proprietor of La Vie Francaise  as a journalist.
Forestier s wife Madeleine   helps Duroy.
Who is also the mistress.
Forestier becomes jealous.
The Minister   is obliged to resign.
Who has campaigned.
His successor is Laroche.
Who initially stands for inverventionist policies   is seen through by Moroccan nobles and blackmailed.
He asks Madeleine to marry Duroy.
Order to give his change an acceptable public appearance.
Who has meantime risen.
She does so.
The marriage does not last long.
Duroy saves Laroche s daughter Suzanne.
When her horse bolts.
They arrange to meet at the opera ball that evening.
There  thanks.
Who has been performing the song Bel Ami in a plush revue.
He publishes.
Duroy is to marry her.
Laroche resigns.
Suzanne urges Duroy to enter politics.
Duroy prevents his former boss Walter from continuing the crooked intrigues of Laroche.
He takes leave.
Order to devote himself.
<EOS>
Oswald is dancing.
It suddenly starts to rain.
He then runs.
What was called a five and ten cent store.
Oswald grabs a wringer and heads somewhere.
His shorts were quite saturated.
The place he went  however  turns out to be the shop s display window.
Where the outside crowd saw him and laughed.
Oswald befriends the store clerk.
Looking. 
Whose appearance resembles the girl beagle.
The clerk asks Oswald.
He could play the piano.
Oswald agrees.
He plays the instrument and sings the song I Found a Million Dollar Baby.
Thus a lot started taking note on his performance.
Watches Oswald s exhibition  a puppy.
Who looks from his mother and decides to explore the store.
The puppy saw a stout man and a thin man.
Obliged to play a prank  the puppy throws a fish at the stout man s head.
The stout man thought.
The other person did it  and therefore delivers a haymaker.
The thin man was sent airborne  knocking all the dishes.
To avoid trouble  the puppy knocks a statue  and replaces it with himself.
The store s manager steps out and was infuriated by the mess.
Believing Oswald was responsible  the manager expelled the young rabbit and fires the clerk.
Oswald and the disposed clerk went on to buy wedding garments  got married  and found themselves a home.
<EOS>
A seaweed roll maker named.
Ok Bong-ja finds a teenaged runway-turned prostitute lying down and takes her to her home  where their friendship turns into mutual attraction.
<EOS>
The film opens.
When he is shot and killed.
Pillbox had been engaged.
Was to take place.
The fee.
However  the Russians  along  would like to get to the aliens.
Because they have also offered something called the Big Gun - a gun so big that it could destroy a planet.
He is the only one.
The aliens have dealt.
They trust.
Tough guy government agent Nick Pirandello is recruited to escort a meek office worker named Bob Wilson.
Whom FBI computers have found.
However  Wilson is no agent  having been easily pushed around.
Who lived down the street.
Who was trying to seduce his wife.
Pirandello is unconventional  and likes to do things his way.
He meets Wilson  with Russian agents close on his tail.
Their first meeting is to say the least awkward.
He s an intruder.
Devastates. 
They travel across the country via the long scenic route.
Order to meet somewhere near Washington  D.
C.
Wilson repeatedly tries to escape.
Pirandello shows him a piece.
Now a believer  Wilson is willing to do the job.
Is still just a weakling  that is  until a chance meeting with corrupt FBI agents dressed as clowns.
He s a sleeper.
Pirandello defeats them  but makes the.
He s knocked out by the clowns.
Wilson believe he did it  though he admits the sleeper agent story was a lie.
It proved effective.
As Wilson gains a new macho attitude that he d never had.
Pirandello grows weaker.
Wilson grows stronger.
He fell with a woman he met in a bar in Pittsburgh.
Wilson is left.
Pirandello abandons the mission.
Pirandello finally comes to his senses and rejoins the mission.
Wilson completes his quest.
They receive the good package to save humanity.
Wilson returns.
Using his new-found machismo  he deals  bringing the final curtain to the film.
<EOS>
The film follows the exploits.
Who is reactivated to escort Pyotr Ivanovich Grushenko  a captured KGB mole  in recently reunited Berlin.
The exchange is actually a cover to use drug cartel money to buy back Benjamin Sobel  a U-2 pilot.
Who was shot down during the.
The exchange goes wrong.
Boyd recognizes the supposedly imprisoned Sobel.
The two agents are forced to go.
Who all wish to see the exchange completed.
Their only hope may lie.
<EOS>
The plot revolves.
Who suffered a troubled childhood due.
She has very few social interactions  her only true friend being a glass-encased doll named Suzie made and given to May for her birthday.
Her mother tells.
Presenting young May.
Her  If you ca nt find a friend  make one.
May works at a veterinary hospital  assisting with surgeries.
Her optometrist fixes May s lazy eye  first  then with a special form of contact lens.
She sees Adam  a local mechanic   they become friends.
May attempts to be more social.
Adam replies  That s okay.
When she tells him that she s weird.
I like weird.
May has a fixation.
She considers to be the most attractive part.
They start dating.
Meanwhile  May s lesbian colleague Polly begins to flirt.
Simultaneously poking fun for her oddness.
One day  May remarks.
Feeling especially low.
Polly has a beautiful neck.
Polly then gives her pet cat Lupe  ostensibly because of her bitch landlord.
One night May invites Adam.
Adam shows her a film.
He made.
The film reveals a story.
Who go and end up eating each other.
May becomes aroused.
She gets carried away and bites Adam on the lip.
Bleeding profusely  Adam is finally disturbed and leaves.
May feels guilty and blames her doll Suzie.
She shouts and shoves her in the cupboard.
May begins working.
She is especially interested and identifies with a lonely girl named Petey David.
Who makes her a clay ashtray.
May finally gives in and starts a short affair.
May goes and overhears him.
Adam stops calling her.
A friend calling her a loony.
Adam says.
He s glad he could get rid.
Heartbroken  May goes to see Polly  only to find Polly.
Totally miserable  May returns home.
She becomes enraged and throws the clay ashtray  killing Lupe.
When Lupe refuses to come.
May becomes delusional  thinking.
Her doll Suzie is talking through its glass case.
May takes Suzie and tells the blind children.
Suzie is her best friend.
It falls and shatters resulting.
The children struggle curiously to take the doll out.
Carrying the now-destroyed  blood-covered Suzie  May returns home  devastated.
The following day  May meets a punk boy named Blank.
He is interested.
People can not be entirely perfect  only have perfect parts.
May does nt like Blank.
She likes the tattoo.
They go.
He finds the cat s corpse wrapped.
When he opens the freezer to get ice.
Blank panics and calls May a freak  infuriating her  she stabs him.
Suddenly  she realizes  there were only parts.
The people she had considered her friends were not friends at all.
Were friends.
She concludes.
A perfect friend can only be made.
May dresses in a homemade costume similar to Suzie s dress and goes to Polly s house  adopting a completely normal manner.
She kills Polly.
May admires her legs and asks her to turn around.
When Ambrosia arrives.
Ambrosia accepts.
May stabs Ambrosia.
She finds him.
When May goes.
May asks Adam to touch her face.
He indignantly pokes May s forehead.
Which point May stabs Hoop.
She then stabs Adam.
Back  May designs her new friend  Amy  a Frankenstein-esque life-sized rag doll made from Blank s arms  Polly s neck  Adam s hands  Ambrosia s legs  Hoop s ears  and Lupe s fur to substitute for hair.
The head and torso are different scraps.
May realizes.
The macabre doll is finished.
Amy ca nt see her.
May gouges out her right eye  the lazy one  with the scissors.
Crying  she puts her eye on Amy s head and begs the doll to look at her.
A dying May sees her friend come and touch her face lovingly with Adam s treasured hands.
May smiles.
The credits roll.
<EOS>
Bill Harper plays an American ambassador.
Is besieged.
Who is to be the country s king.
<EOS>
The Institute  a group of scientists with an unlimited budget and a propensity for elaborate pranks  brainwash.
A psychology professor named Simon Mendelssohn who was abandoned and manage to convince him  and the rest of the world  that he is of extraterrestrial origin.
Simon escapes and attempts to reform American culture  becoming a national celebrity in the process.
<EOS>
Tora-san watches the family shop.
The rest takes a vacation to Kyushu.
An old friend introduces.
He promptly falls with her.
She is an artist and has no time.
<EOS>
Berlian and her teenage daughter Daya are.
Constantly daydreaming  young Daya chafes.
Her absent father will return.
Forced to move inland to a desert of constantly shifting sands  the pair settle down to their familiar antagonism.
Finally  Daya sees a vaguely familiar face shuffle.
<EOS>
Lance Valenteen makes a living  a guy.
Mr Fix It.
Who is hired to get them back together with their.
Lance dates the guy s ex-girlfriend and becomes the worst date ever  sending her back.
Lance ends up falling.
When Lance is hired to get Sophia Fiori back.
<EOS>
California is voting on.
Whether to join the United States as a state.
A wild gunman  Jacob McGivens  attempts to steal some ballots.
Zorro chases and recaptures the votes.
McGivens pulls off Zorro s mask.
A pair recognize him as Don Alejandro de la Vega.
Zorro fashions a makeshift mask off on his stallion  Toronado  to deliver the votes to the governor.
Alejandro is greeted by his loving wife  Elena.
Elena believes.
Alejandro can now give up being Zorro.
Alejandro is sure.
The people will still need him.
Angered in favor of the Zorro persona  Elena kicks him out of the house.
The next day   Elena is confronted by the Pinkertons.
Who disclose their knowledge.
Alejandro is served with divorce papers from Elena.
Three months later  Alejandro  living  is depressed over the separation from Elena.
His friend and childhood guardian  Father Felipe  convinces him to attend a party.
There Alejandro finds out.
Elena has been spending time.
Later   Alejandro witnesses a huge explosion close to Armand s mansion and becomes suspicious of Armand.
Afterwards  McGivens and his men attack a peasant family  the Cortezes.
Who are Alejandro s friends  in order to seize their land deed.
Zorro succeeds.
McGivens shoots Guillermo.
Zorro subsequently stakes McGivens out and discovers.
Armand wanted Cortez s land to build a railroad.
He encounters Elena  and learns.
Armand will receive a mysterious shipment.
Zorro tracks McGivens.
Where the count s cargo is being delivered.
However  nearby Joaquin has also come across McGiven s gang and hitched a ride.
Zorro saves his son.
Who does not recognize him.
The only clues are a piece - a bar of soap - and the name Orbis Unum from a crate lid.
He is able to retrieve.
Felipe and Alejandro learn.
Armand is the head.
Armand plans to throw the United States.
Is perceived to the Knights  power.
It can gain too much power.
Sometime later  Alejandro is captured.
Who inform him into divorcing him and getting close to Armand to discover his plans.
California is nt yet a state.
Joaquin stumbles and frees him from prison.
Zorro heads over  meets Elena  and eavesdrops on Armand s meeting  learning.
The soap bars contain glycerin - a precursor to nitroglycerin.
Armand plans to distribute  with the help of Confederate Colonel Beauregard  to destroy the Union.
Zorro and Elena reconcile concerning her involvement.
Zorro prepares to destroy the train carrying the explosives.
McGivens arrives  but ends up shooting the priest and kidnapping Joaquin.
Armand is informed by his butler  Ferroq about Elena s deception and  showing her the bodies of the Pinkerton agents  brutally confronts her with his knowledge.
He takes her and Joaquin hostage  forcing Zorro to stop his own sabotage and getting himself captured.
He is unmasked  much to Joaquin s shock.
Joaquin and Elena are taken away.
McGivens is tasked.
Unexpectedly  Felipe arrives and helps Alejandro overpower McGivens.
Who is killed when a drop on his head.
Felipe then reveals.
The crucifix shielded him from McGivens  bullet.
Alejandro goes to save Elena and Joaquin.
Zorro catches up  and engages Armand in a sword fight.
Meanwhile  Elena has Joaquin escape.
She disconnects.
She then fights Ferroq.
Both he and Colonel Beauregard are killed.
Joaquin collects Toronado and rides by jumping off the running train.
Under the eyes of a huge crowd  the governor is signing the bill to make California a state.
Joaquin has Toronado hit a track switch  causing the train to pass.
The train gets closer.
Zorro and Armand s duel takes them  however  the track is a dead end  blocked by a large pile of rails.
Zorro hooks Armand and escapes with Elena.
The train plows Armand  killing him and causing the nitroglycerin to detonate  destroying the train.
The governor later signs the bill.
California becomes the 31st state of America.
Later  Felipe remarries Alejandro and Elena.
Alejandro apologizes for not telling him the truth.
He admits.
Zorro s identity is a family secret.
Elena then allows Alejandro to continue being Zorro  accepting  and Zorro rides off to his next mission.
It is who he is.
<EOS>
Po Sing is waiting.
The movie opens.
When Kai and his Asian henchmen come in and confront the owner.
All are thrown out by the owner.
The meeting can take place.
The next day  Po is found murdered.
Fearing retribution  real estate developer Isak ODay arranges.
Meanwhile  Po s brother  Han  learns.
Where he is serving time.
He escapes from prison by overpowering the guards and disguising himself as one of them.
Who took him for punishment.
Han makes his way.
Where he learns that a gang war seems to have erupted  including both ODay and Han and Po s father  Ch  u Sing  even while the two are apparently engaged in a joint business venture.
He also learns.
His brother called ODay s daughter Trish s record store the day before he was killed.
He follows her and learns.
Po may have actually been calling Trish s brother  Colin.
Han confronts his father  blaming him for failing to keep Po safe.
He promised he would.
He helped the both flee to America to escape the Chinese authorities  an action which resulted in his own imprisonment.
Han learns.
The war is apparently.
Meanwhile  ODay also reveals.
The deal he is working on will get their family out  but that he must be careful.
However  the apparent war is really a cover for the two sides secretly working together to put together a deal for ownership of a new NFL franchise in Oakland.
Colin and his girlfriend are killed by being thrown out of his high rise apartment window.
He learns.
Po had put together a list.
The two visit one and learn.
The owner  a Chinese man  and his employees have been killed.
He tries to deflect suspicion.
When Han confronts his father.
Trish may have been involved.
It is revealed.
Both sides are using violence and intimidation to force the owners of all the waterfront properties to relinquish their rights over their properties.
The nightclub kill the club s owner and kidnap both Trish and Han  taking them.
Trish and Han visit the last property.
Where Po originally intended to meet Colin  ODay s chief lieutenant Mac and his goons.
Han escapes.
Ch  u Sing has the other Chinese crime.
Lords killed  ensuring that he will have control.
ODay  Ch  u Sing.
The developer arranging the NFL deal meet.
They now control.
Sing takes a multi-million dollar payment and leaves.
ODay refuses his payment  stating.
His payment will be.
He is betrayed  however.
Who threatens Trish to force ODay to hand over the deeds.
ODay  enraged  grabs a gun and shoots Mac s men but is grievously wounded in the process.
Han arrives and pursues Mac.
The developer escapes.
Mac fires repeatedly.
Mac reveals to Han.
It was Ch  u Sing s lieutenant Kai who had Po killed.
Before Trish kills him.
Han engages in a brutal fight with Kai  finally killing him.
He then confronts his father  knowing now.
His father had his own son killed.
He tells his father -- no one will go for him this time.
He will answer.
His father commits suicide.
Han walks away.
He finds Trish waiting outside.
The two walk away together.
<EOS>
Adam  the former leader of a neo-Nazi gang  is required to spend several months living in a small religious community  headed by a priest named Ivan.
Two other former prisoners are being rehabilitated.
Who occasionally holds up petrol stations.
Ivan believes firmly  and seems blind to their continuing misdeeds.
He tells Adam to choose a goal to complete   he will be free to leave the parish.
Order to be rehabilitated.
When he achieves this goal.
Trying to provoke a reaction  Adam chooses the goal of baking an apple pie.
Ivan accepts the goal.
It must be made from the tree that grows in the churchyard.
Adam is tasked.
It does not go well  first crows attack the apples  and later most.
Remain. 
Adam meets a former Nazi soldier named Paul.
Who attends the church.
Paul lives at the concentration camps.
Ivan takes Adam along to visit Paul.
Paul is.
Paul s regret also convicts Adam.
A distraught woman named.
He has been for some time.
Sarah arrives and sort of joins this group.
Adam discovers.
Ivan s life has been very difficult.
Ivan remains upbeat.
Adam grows to resent Ivan s sunny disposition.
Which Ivan seems to discount the grim realities in favor of his feelings that God is always on his side.
One night  Adam angrily confronts Ivan.
Adam tells Ivan.
God must hate him to put him  citing the biblical book of Job.
Adam wants to crush Ivan s faith.
Adam learns.
Ivan is terminally ill.
Ivan has finally broken down and renounced his faith.
Several members of Adam s former neo-Nazi gang had previously visited the church to reconnect with Adam.
They confronted Khalid for being.
He had shot and wounded them.
They now return  intending.
Ivan comes out of the church  demanding to be allowed to die in peace.
A scuffle ensues and the leader accidentally shoots the priest in the eye.
Khalid is distraught  and leaves the village.
The doctor predicts.
Ivan will be dead.
Suddenly guiltstricken  Adam decides to make him the apple pie.
He had set.
He returns to discover.
The apples he had harvested have been eaten.
Luckily  Gunnar stole one.
He now gives.
Adam stays up all night baking a tiny  one-apple pie.
But  he finds.
When he arrives.
Ivan s bed is empty.
Assuming the worst  he goes to find Ivan s doctor  - the bullet hit and neatly removed the tumour  so the terminal tumour is now gone.
Who tells him that the priest is.
Plagued him.
Adam quickly goes and meets Ivan.
The two happily consume the pie.
Sarah and Gunnar are wed.
Sarah gives birth  but the two accept it and plan to move to Indonesia together.
Adam remains to Ivan.
The opening scene is replayed  now with Ivan and Adam welcoming two similarly troubled men recently released from prison.
<EOS>
Gillian Hayes is performing heart surgery to attempt to save the patient.
Another doctor decides.
Saving the patient is hopeless.
Dr Hayes was upset for giving up.
The patient dies.
The coroner said.
It appears as if something had exploded.
Lt.
Tom Royko questioned Dr Hayes about the patient and Dr Hayes suspected that Lt.
Who died.
Royko considered her to be a suspect.
Royko said.
Hayes was not a suspect.
Later  a nervous patient is worried.
Who is to receive a pacemaker.
Something will go wrong.
Dr Hayes assured the patient.
It is and sarcastically claimed that she could even perform the operation blindfolded.
The patient said.
He realized this but was still nervous since it was his heart that was being operated on.
A receptionist receives a phone call.
Who claims that there is a bomb.
The receptionist looked.
Read approximately.
The receptionist went.
There was a bomb and that they needed to evacuate.
Dr Gillian Hayes was at the time  operating on the nervous patient  and said.
Evacuation was not an option.
Another doctor asked.
Evacuation was an option.
Dr Hayes and the patient were the only ones in the room.
Tom Royko came in and told Dr Hayes.
She needed to leave.
Gillian Hayes refused to leave and was angry for coming into the operating room unmasked and thus contaminating the patient.
Lt.
Royko pulled Dr Hayes away in time.
The patient exploded right afterwards  it turns out.
The bomb was that Dr Hayes had implanted during the surgery.
Later  Lt.
Royko told Dr Hayes to compile a list.
Who are possible suspects.
Lt.
Royko told Dr Hayes.
Originally she was a suspect but that her refusal to leave the operating room took her.
A cellular phone was found.
The cellular phone was.
He gave the information.
The next victim was a passenger.
The cellular phone also displayed a number.
Was a countdown.
A hypothesis was.
Hayes and Royko had.
The count down was linked.
They also realized.
As soon as the pacemaker was removed it would explode.
Dr Hayes suggested attaching it.
That it would still think it is attached.
The next victim was Mr Benjamin McDonald.
Who was.
Royko showed up.
Mr McDonald was called.
Royko informed him.
Something was wrong.
They brought Mr McDonald.
Where they attempted to remove the pacemaker  assuring him that everything would be fine.
Dr Hayes had isolated the pacemaker and was ready to be removed.
Unfortunately  the simulator had not arrived.
Lt.
Royko was given a shield to sit behind.
He cut the pacemaker.
Mr McDonald s last words were to tell his wife and children.
He loved them.
Right.
Royko cut the pacemaker  it exploded.
Dr Hayes eventually learned.
It was Franklin who was planting the bombs.
Franklin is someone.
Whose 12 year old son died while being operated by Dr Gillian Hayes.
Franklin said.
The next victim would be.
Dr Hayes said.
There was a little boy there who was a patient.
Dr Hayes and Lt.
Royko arrived and brought the boy into a room to operate on.
Lt.
Royko pulled the fire alarm.
Dr Hayes said  then the countdown must not be linked to the patient s heartrate.
Since the boy s heartrate has been accelerating but that the rate did not speed up.
Dr Hayes removed the pacemaker.
There was no explosion.
Lt.
Royko said.
Franklin gave them too much time so he must have not wanted the boy to die.
Royko went outside  Dr Hayes recognized a teacher.
Who was a patient.
However  they did not have enough time to remove the pacemaker.
They did not have a simulator.
Would be used to make the pacemaker behave as if it is still attached.
Lt.
Royko told the teacher to come  and ran with her away from the students.
The teacher s chest exploded.
Royko was running away from the crowd.
The teacher was killed.
Royko was not harmed.
Franklin then leaves a cake at Dr Hayes  home.
Franklin calls  and says.
Officers come to check her house.
Tomorrow   he will kill 14 patients.
Dr Hayes and Lt.
Royko must race to save them.
They must now race against time to save Lt.
Royko s son.
Who Franklin has kidnapped.
Franklin implanted a pacemaker.
Royko s son  kidnaps Dr Hayes  connects Lt.
She is coming.
Royko s son s pacemaker  and then commits suicide by jumping off the hospital roof with a bomb.
Lt.
Royko and Dr Hayes rush to save Lt.
Royko s son just.
<EOS>
The plot is a parody.
The pigs go to war against Adolf Wolf.
Who is set.
The two pigs claim.
Who built their houses and sticks.
They do nt have to take precautions  because they signed non-aggression pacts with him.
The pig does take his precautions and outfits his house.
Who built his house.
Adolf Wolf invades Pigmania.
He signed a treaty.
He destroys their houses whereupon the pigs flee.
Then the Wolf and pigs start fighting.
Towards the end is blown out of his bomber plane with the pigs  Defense bonds and falls down to Earth  together with a bomb.
Blows him up.
There he realizes.
He is dead and says  Where am I.
<EOS>
New York City police detective Mark McPherson is investigating the murder.
Laura has been killed to the face  just inside the doorway to her apartment  before the start of the film.
He interviews.
Charismatic newspaper columnist Waldo Lydecker  an imperious  decadent dandy  who relates how he met Laura  became her mentor  and used his considerable influence and fame to advance her career.
McPherson also questions Laura s parasitic playboy fiance  Shelby Carpenter  her wealthy socialite aunt  Ann Treadwell   and her loyal housekeeper  Bessie Clary.
Who d been carrying on and giving him money.
McPherson comes to know Laura and slowly becomes obsessed with her  so much.
Lydecker accuses him.
He also learns.
Lydecker was jealous  using his newspaper column and influence to keep them at bay.
One night  the detective falls asleep and is awakened by the sound of someone entering the apartment.
He is shocked to discover.
It is Laura.
Laura finds a dress.
McPherson concludes.
She  Diane Redfern  was the victim  brought there  while Laura was away in the country.
Now it becomes even more urgent to unmask the murderer.
A party is thrown to welcome Laura s return.
McPherson arrests Laura for the murder of Diana Redfern.
He is convinced of her innocence and.
She does not love Shelby.
He returns her  and then goes to search Lydecker s apartment.
There he finds a clock.
Is identical.
He finds a secret compartment.
He returns.
Lydecker is there.
It is apparent.
There is a growing bond.
Lydecker insults McPherson and is sent away.
McPherson examines Laura s clock and finds the shotgun.
Lydecker has left.
Killed Diane.
Laura is confronted.
Lydecker was the murderer.
McPherson locks Laura  warning her not to let any one in.
Lydecker gains access.
He has left.
Lydecker attempts to kill Laura  claiming  no one can.
He can not have her.
He is shot down.
Who had told McPherson that Lydecker had never left the building  causing the two policemen to return.
Lydecker s last words are  Goodbye  Laura.
Goodbye  my love.
<EOS>
The film is.
Dan comes.
He is hunting a wild stallion.
A friendship soon grows.
The two set out to catch the mustang together.
<EOS>
Tony  a village orphan marries his sweetheart but loses her.
He showers all his love and devotion.
Mary falls with a playboy.
Tony goes to meet him but finds him dead.
When he refuses to marry her.
Subsequently  Tony is arrested and sentenced.
He flees.
Years later   Mary is delighted and relieved.
When Tony returns.
He must now decide.
Whether to run away again or face arrest and impirsonment.
<EOS>
Leon Schuster uses candid camera and several disguises to stitch up the general public of South Africa.
Such sketches include  The jumping telephone.
The snake.
The Radio Jacaranda broadcast is wished.
Refuses to do.
<EOS>
A group.
When they re caught.
They manage to leave the resort unharmed.
The airplane carrying them to safety goes down in the South Pacific.
The dozen very diverse survivors spot land in the distance.
Exploration reveals.
The island was once a testing site.
Now the monstrous evils run rampant.
Were created.
Each day brings challenges.
<EOS>
The act quickly becomes headline news and the town dubs the stranger John Christmas.
When a photojournalist photographs a mysterious stranger performing an act.
Kathleen McAllister becomes convinced.
The mysterious stranger is in fact her long-lost brother Hank.
Kathleen and Noah set about to find the stranger s true identity with the help Max  a Christmas angel.
Filmed  the film featured a scene of a burning school based on the real Our Lady of the Angels School fire in Chicago  Illinois in.
Ask Valerie.
CBS.
<EOS>
The Great Depression is over.
King is released from prison and reassembles his cronies for another con  out to avenge the murder of his lifelong pal Kid Colors.
Gondorff s young protege Jake Hooker attempts to pull a scam.
Who instead pulls one and turns out to be a grifter herself named Veronica.
Coming up  Gondorff s goal is to sting both Lonnegan  the notorious banker and gangster  and Gus Macalinski  a wealthy local racketeer.
Who wants revenge.
One or both is behind Kid Colors  death.
Hooker pretends to be a boxer.
Who is about to throw a big fight.
Macalinski is not only hoodwinked  he is talked into changing his original wager by Lonnegan.
Gondorff and Hooker head with a bag full of money  tickets out of town and a final twist from Veronica.
One gangster takes care.
<EOS>
Dashing Rahul Khanna and tomboy.
Anjali Sharma are best friends.
Xavier s College  and are extremely close.
The college principal  Mr Malhotra s daughter Tina comes.
Xavier s to finish her degree  and quickly becomes friends.
She is encouraged to tell him so.
When Anjali realizes that she is.
Instead  Anjali is left heartbroken.
When Rahul tells her he loves Tina.
She decides to leave college and shares a tearful goodbye  going away from Rahul and Tina s lives forever.
Tina then realizes.
She came best friends  two lovers.
Rahul marries Tina and  in a year of marriage  they give birth to a baby girl.
Tina had complications and has little time left.
She writes eight letters -- one for each of her first eight birthdays  so that she will know her mother.
Tina asks Rahul to name their daughter Anjali in memory of Anjali Sharma.
Eight years pass  Rahul is a single parent living and loving mother.
Little Anjali Khanna reads the last and most important letter.
Her mother left her  which tells the story and how Anjali was always Rahul s true love.
Anjali Khanna is given the mission.
Anjali Sharma is no longer the tomboy  she is now more feminine  and is engaged.
She was.
However  she explains and is marrying him as a compromise.
She does not really love him.
She feels she can never love again.
Anjali Khanna and her grandmother search learn -- they travel there.
She is going to be working.
Anjali Khanna meets her.
That night  Anjali Sharma realizes.
She has met her best friend s daughter  and that Tina is dead.
Rahul arrives.
Where he and Anjali are surprised and delighted to see each other.
Rahul and Anjali feel themselves falling in love.
However  Anjali remembers.
She is engaged and feels guilty.
Aman arrives and tells Rahul.
He is Anjali s fiancee.
Rahul is heartbroken but congratualtes Anjali.
She takes this.
She leaves summer camp and decides to get married as soon as possible.
Rahul and his family arrive.
Where Rahul silently confesses that he loves her  and watches in tears as she is brought forth for the wedding.
Realizing this  Anjali is hesitant to go on.
Aman notices the tears and realizes.
She has always been with Rahul.
He releases Anjali and tells her to marry Rahul.
Rahul and Anjali have an emotional hug.
The little Anjali has a vision of Tina smiling and giving her the thumbs up.
<EOS>
The movie opens.
He agrees to go to a gallery opening to meet a woman.
His obnoxious friend  Norman  sets him up.
He embarrasses himself  making her spill wine on herself.
He is there.
She wastes no time verbally abusing him.
A week later  he runs.
She apologizes.
The two go.
They have sex the next day  marry shortly thereafter and become parents.
Ray becomes suspicious after catching Lena in several lies about her past.
Ray becomes increasingly paranoid.
When his wife begins sporting bruises that she will not explain and begins doing things that indicate that she is having an affair.
Lena taunts Ray by claiming to have had an affair with an unnamed friend of his and refusing to tell Ray.
Their children are biologically his.
Ray hits Lena.
Who then has him arrested and committed.
Lena has been lying.
Him held.
Lena privately admits.
After Ray has been committed.
His suspicions were correct all along and that she did what she did to get his money.
Lena shows up to talk to him.
Ray convinces one.
Ray lures her away.
Who are supposed to be supervising him and tells her that having him declared insane was the mistake because he could not be held legally accountable.
He then strangles her.
<EOS>
Manika  is poor milkmaid & orphan girl.
She is the die-hard devotee.
She has a strong belief.
One day she will get glimpse and ultimate attain Moksha  means freedom from the endless cycle of transmigration into a state of bliss.
Along with his brother Lord Balabhadra started expedition to Kanchi on.
Orissa prays Lorg Jagannath and moved.
They reach to Manika.
Who is selling curd.
Both the Gods drink curd and presented a golden ring studded to Manika and said  ` the king of Kalinga  will come here  after some time  on his way to Kanchi.
You present it.
He will pay you the money.
Later  the king himself passed.
Milkmaid Manika obstructed the Gajapati pleading consumed by Gajapati s two leading soldiers riding on black and white horses and produced the gold ring as evidence.
Gajapati identified the ring.
Manika is.
She finally get glimpse.
Her ambition fulfilled.
She decide to devote her rest in the prayer of lord Jagannath.
<EOS>
Sixteen-Year-Old Larita lives with her mother and her aunt s family in a ramshackle house outside Havana.
They can see Ernest Hemingway s white mansion.
She adorns her walls with pictures of Elvis Presley and Tony Curtis.
She excels in her English class.
Larita is delighted.
When her teacher suggests that she enters the scholarship exam.
Larita also happily dates a class mate  Victor  the president.
She is given a copy of Hemingway s The Old Man and the Sea.
She stars to read avidly  drawing parallels which she confines to her diary.
Her family tease her about her academic aspirations.
It is also becomes clear.
They resent the fact that while they work hard she studies and contributes nothing.
The issue is made more accurate.
When Larita is sent home because she is not wearing the correct school uniform.
However  she passes the first round and is invited to a reception for the finalist  trying to make herself as presentable as possible with the help of her relatives  sewing skills.
She tells Victor.
She is.
That night Larita returns home to find.
Her uncle has been fired.
It is implied.
Her chances are severely hampered by the fact that she is illegitimate and does not have the right social connections.
Larita decides to visit Hemingway to see.
He will write a reference.
It turns out.
He is away.
Larita bitterly blames her mother.
She is by poverty and illegitimacy.
Meanwhile   the student protest are becoming more frequent  culminating one afternoon in Victor s arrests.
Later that year  Larita takes a job.
Where one evening the scholarship administrator walks and recognizes her.
Undaunted.
She may never have the education and career.
<EOS>
Several interrelated characters try to change their own lives and  in the process  change the lives of others.
<EOS>
Ambitious freight company and store owner Logan Stuart agrees to escort Lucy Overmire home to the settlement of Jacksonville  Oregon along with his latest shipment.
Lucy is engaged.
The night  however  Logan has to defend himself   he believes.
They depart.
It is too dark to be sure.
His assailant is Honey Bragg.
Later  he explains.
He once saw Bragg leaving the vicinity.
Bragg apparently wants to take no chances.
Logan and Lucy become attracted to each other.
They stop one night.
There  Logan introduces Lucy.
Logan tries to get George to stop playing poker with professional gambler Jack Lestrade  even giving him $ 2000 to pay off his debts.
George is more interested.
Is. 
What Logan does not know.
George has been stealing gold dust left by the miners to pay some of his losses.
George also has a secret  he keeps propositioning Lestrade s wife Marta.
He is keeping.
She shows no interest.
Meanwhile  the burly Bragg keeps trying to provoke Logan.
Finally  he succeeds.
Logan wins  but does not kill his opponent.
When he has the chance.
A humiliated Bragg tries to ride Logan down out of town.
George decides to move away to make a fresh start and finally gets Lucy to agree to marry him.
Logan then proposes and is accepted  much to the disappointment of Vane Blazier  Logan s employee.
Who is with Caroline himself.
Lucy decides to accompany Logan to pick out a wedding dress.
They are ambushed by Bragg.
They get away and return  only to discover.
Their horses are shot dead.
George is.
George kills the drunk man late that night.
When a miner appears months earlier than George had expected and informs him that he wants to get his gold the next day.
However  his crimes are traced  shopkeeper Hi Linnet saw him stealing some gold.
The miner s lucky gold nugget is found.
The locals  led  find George guilty of murder and lock him up  intending a late-night lynching.
However   Logan helps his friend escape.
When one rides in with the warning that the Indians are on the warpath after Bragg killed one of their women.
Logan organizes a party to fight.
Logan drives him off  to be killed.
When Bragg seeks their protection.
They are then driven off.
Afterward  Logan and Lucy learn.
George was found and killed.
Caroline also has second thoughts.
Who is away so frequently.
Logan and Lucy are free to follow their hearts.
<EOS>
His dangerous and controlling former boss  Kranski  forces him back.
When Vince is paroled for a heist gone wrong.
Working as a car thief  Vince finds solace in welding sculptures out of metal and old car parts in Kranski s chop shop.
His chance emerges  as well as romantic complications with Belinda s gallery assistant  Kristen.
When Vince s raw and evocative sculptures are discovered.
Caught  Vince has to cleverly maneuver his way out to become his own man and his own artist.
<EOS>
The screenplay was originally written in Sofia  Bulgaria by Voydan Chernodrinski and is based in Ottoman occupied Macedonia.
The movie  as with the novel  tells the story.
Who is kidnapped in hopes of eloping with her.
<EOS>
The peace  a comfortable Chicago suburb  is threatened.
When Frank Collin  a politically astute neo-Nazi organizer  selects the place.
Close is Jewish.
Many are survivors of the Holocaust.
They see the march as concentration camp prisoners.
The Jewish community decides to stand to make sure.
The Holocaust will never be forgotten or allowed to happen again.
Moderate leaders Bert Silverman and Abbot Rosen advise the Jewish community to ignore the neo-Nazis  the strategy is quarantine  isolating the meeting.
They put forward.
The logic is simple   the meeting will be futile and eventually forgotten.
The Jewish community refuses to acknowledge the rally and thus refuses to feed the media any publicity.
However  one citizen challenges their argument.
A Holocaust survivor  Max Feldman  says.
He was told to ignore the Nazis nearly 40 years ago  and before he knew it he was in a concentration camp.
He says this time.
He will take action.
He is ready to shed blood.
Necessary. 
Led  most members of the community agree to protest.
The film spans a year and a half battles and explores the meaning of freedom and First Amendment in the United States of America.
<EOS>
Miguel is a young fisherman.
He is married.
Who is pregnant.
He also has a secret affair.
Santiago accidentally drowns.
His ghost returns to ask Miguel to find his body.
Order to bury it.
Miguel is forced to deal and accept.
Who he really is  even.
<EOS>
A revised edition  published in 1995  adds several chapters of new material  including material on his projects after his return to Paramount Pictures.
The film version  released  utilizes Evans  narration interspersed with film footage from films such as Love Story  The Sun Also Rises  Rosemary s Baby  Chinatown  and The Godfather  along with interviews and photographs from Evans  life  to tell the story from his discovery by Norma Shearer for Man of a Thousand Faces  to his return to Paramount Pictures.
Many elements  according to the commentary by directors Burstein and Morgen on the DVD  such as Evans  childhood and his other marriages were dropped.
They felt that it did not move the story along.
The title comes.
Zanuck  had recommended he be removed.
Who was defending Evans.
<EOS>
Trains bring homeless children.
Who are taken to a nearby transit camp  where they are fed and cared for.
The next morning  the children are interviewed to try to identify them and reunite them.
Possible. 
A young boy named.
Karel responds Ich weib nicht.
He grew up.
The Nazis had deported his sister and doctor father.
The boy and mother were sent.
They eventually became separated.
Karel survived by scavenging for food with other homeless children.
The next day  the children are split up and loaded into trucks and ambulances to be transferred to other camps.
The children are at first terrified.
The Nazis often used ambulances  but are eventually coaxed into the vehicle.
The smell of exhaust fumes causes the children to panic.
Karel s friend Raoul manages to open the back door.
The children scatter.
Karel and Raoul try to swim.
Raoul drowns.
Karel hides.
Later  Karel encounters an American army engineer  Steve.
Who takes care.
He starts teaching the boy English.
Steve calls him Jim.
Karel can not recall his name.
He starts to remember his own mother and the last time he saw her  in the concentration camp.
When Jim sees a boy.
He runs away one evening thinking.
The fence is nearby.
Jim finds a fence  but can not find his mother among the workers going home.
Steve eventually finds Jim and tells him.
His mother is dead so he will stop searching.
He also informs Jim.
He is going to try to adopt him and take him to start a new life there.
Karel s mother  Mrs Malik  is alive.
It turns out.
She has been searching for her son.
She begins working for Mrs Murray at the same UNRRA camp.
Where her son had been processed.
She resigns to resume her nearly-hopeless search for Karel.
That same day  Steve takes the boy before leaving for America.
He hopes to send.
The paperwork is completed.
Mrs Murray remembers the boy.
Suspecting  she hurries to bring Mrs Malik back.
Jim is Karel.
The train has already left.
Then  she sees Mrs Malik  she had changed her mind and decided to stay.
Mrs Murray takes her back and has her greet the newest group of children.
Steve tells Jim to join the new arrivals.
Mrs Malik begins to organize the children and bids.
Them to follow her.
Jim walks.
Mrs Malik almost makes the same mistake  but then turns and calls  Karel.
<EOS>
Widowed Advocate Triloki Prasad lives a wealthy lifestyle with two sons  Advocate Ashok married to Geeta and Alok.
Who has yet to settle down.
Alok is fond and does enroll in classes run by Pandit Jamuna Prasad.
His father asks him to accompany Ashok to their law firm and start learning to practice.
He agrees to do.
Then one day Triloki finds out.
Alok has not been but is instead spending time in the local slums with a former courtesan named Sarju Bai Banaraswali.
He cautions Alok.
Alok continues to visit Sarju Bai.
Triloki readily agrees and.
When Mr Gupta approaches Triloki.
His expertise manages to sway the Court s decision.
Sarju Bai and others are rendered homeless.
He receives from Gupta  he asks Alok to purchase a used car for himself.
But Alok purchases a horse-carriage and decides to drive it himself to make a living.
His enraged father asks him to leave the house.
He decides to hire motor coaches to transport people  thus cutting off Alok s earnings and perhaps forcing him to reconsider his decision  apologize  and return home to his father.
When Triloki finds out that Alok is doing well.
The question remains  will these actions force Alok to return home  or will the misunderstandings continue indefinitely.
<EOS>
Eric  a young boy  is excited after reading a book and believes Jill s disbelief.
A train will come  despite his sister.
A few hours later  the train station s control tower wakes up.
Tillie  a young little blue switcher engine  along with her best bird friend  Chip  wakes up four other trains  Georgia  a kind all-purpose engine  Farnsworth  a stuck-up passenger engine  Jebediah  a worn-out old engine  and Pete  a gruff  burly freight engine.
Tillie tries to help.
The tower assigns Farnsworth and Pete their jobs.
The tower insists.
She is too small.
Georgia is assigned to pull the birthday train.
A clown named.
Rollo leads the toys.
Georgia breaks down and is taken back to the roundhouse by Doc.
Left behind  Rollo eventually takes Doc s advice.
Farnsworth and Pete turn down their offers to pull the train.
Meanwhile  Tillie asks the tower to rescue the stranded train.
He insists.
Tillie will never do the job.
Jebediah turns down his offer to pull the train  and returns to the roundhouse.
Chip and Tillie sneak and pulls the birthday train up a mountain.
Tillie manages to reach the summit.
However  an avalanche knocks Tillie out cold.
Eric is woken up and is worried about Tillie and the birthday train.
She pulls the train out.
Tillie regains consciousness.
They reach the town  much and Jill s happiness.
The film ends   is very proud and happy and tells her best friend Chip.
Who although very tired.
She did what she could.
<EOS>
Scandals and pratfalls abound.
Involves some.
<EOS>
Alan is a schoolteacher.
Who also moonlights.
One night  he goes to a bar and sees Beatrice  a beautiful woman.
Who is arguing.
Alan is immediately captivated and begins to pursue her.
What Alan does nt know is that Beatrice is an infamous thief known.
Monkey  and the men were Paul and Bruno  a homosexual couple.
She was arguing.
Who are her partners.
He tries to lead her.
When Alan becomes aware.
As she lures him.
<EOS>
Brian Bosworth stars.
Who is frustrated.
Currently  Joe is for displaying excessive violence toward criminals.
Joe is summoned by Agent Cunningham.
Whom he meets.
Cunningham proceeds to blackmail Joe  by threatening to turn his three week suspension into six months without pay.
Cunningham wants Joe to go undercover and infiltrate The Brotherhood  a white supremacist biker gang linked to the murders of government officials and suspected of dealing drugs to the mafia.
The Brotherhood is led.
Joe reluctantly accepts and goes undercover.
His job is not easy.
His FBI contact  Lance is a germophobe  and the members  have their doubts about John Stone.
Who does not exactly fit in.
Who has seemingly come out to get a piece of their action.
Charged  Huff enlists the FBI s help to carefully fake the murder and is accepted into the Brotherhood.
However  Chains s right hand man Ice Hensley  does not trust him and eventually goes out to expose him  with disastrous results.
Huff learns.
The Brotherhood s ultimate goal is to eliminate Brent The Whip Whipperton  a District Attorney running.
They plan to use a cache to storm the Supreme Court   and assassinate both Whipperton and the judge presiding over the case.
Where one is on trial for murder.
He confides  explaining.
When Chains  girlfriend Nancy accidentally learns.
He can grant her immunity if she cooperates.
Nancy accepts his offer.
Resistant. 
The operation fails.
When the man Huff had supposedly killed to gain admission.
Chains shoots and kills Nancy  but plans to do away with Huff in a more spectacular fashion  by strapping a bomb to his chest and throwing him from a helicopter en route to the courthouse.
Huff manages to fight his way free and commandeer the chopper  then takes the fight.
Where a melee erupts.
Huff finally comes face-to-face with Chains.
Huff easily wins the fight and leaves the gang leader.
Chains suddenly breaks free and steals an officer s gun  intending to shoot Huff.
A gunshot is heard.
Chains abruptly falls  having been shot by Huff s partner Lance.
Huff then marches victoriously.
<EOS>
The story starts.
He lives.
There he meets Nisha.
Who loves him.
He first rejects her but later he starts to love her too.
He s unable to get.
A job  and through a friend  joins.
This brings him a lot  in this way.
He can help his family.
But  he tries to protect her  earning their wrath.
When his own gang plan to kill Nisha.
Forms the crux.
Whether he can save Nisha or not.
<EOS>
The protagonist  Spike Fumo  is a young Italian man.
Who lives to be a boxer.
However  he falls with a girl.
Who turns out to be the daughter.
He moves.
He is forced to leave.
Where he falls  as well.
<EOS>
A traveler named and stays.
Lockwood is caught.
Late that night.
Was once a bridal chamber.
He feels an icy hand clutching his and sees a woman let me in.
As he is about to close it.
It s Cathy.
As soon  Heathcliff frantically calls out  runs down the stairs and out of the house  into the snowstorm.
Lockwood is gone.
Ellen  the housekeeper  tells the amazed Lockwood.
He has seen the ghost.
Ellen tells him.
When Lockwood says that he does nt believe.
He might if she told him the story.
And so the main plot begins.
The plot then flashes back forty years.
Heathcliff is found on the streets by Mr Earnshaw.
Who brings him home to live.
Cathy eventually welcomes Heathcliff and they become very close.
Hindley treats him.
After Mr Earnshaw dies.
About ten years later  the now-grown Heathcliff and Cathy have fallen and are meeting secretly on Peniston Crag.
Hindley has become dissolute and tyrannical and hates Heathcliff.
One night   they hear music and realize.
Cathy and Heathcliff are out together.
Their neighbors  the Lintons  are giving a party.
Cathy and Heathcliff sneak  but the dogs are alerted.
Cathy is injured.
Heathcliff is forced to leave Cathy.
Enraged  he blames them.
Cathy would be so entranced.
Curses them.
Months later  Cathy is fully recuperated but still living.
Edgar Linton has fallen with Cathy and soon proposes.
She tells Ellen.
Edgar takes her back.
What has happened.
Ellen reminds her.
Cathy flippantly remarks.
It would degrade her to marry him.
Heathcliff overhears and leaves.
Cathy realizes.
Heathcliff has overheard  is overcome and runs out after him into a raging storm.
Edgar finds her and nurses her back once again  and soon he and Cathy marry.
Heathcliff was thought to have disappeared forever but returns two years later  now wealthy and elegant.
He has refined his appearance and manners to both impress and spite Cathy and secretly buys Wuthering Heights from Hindley.
Who has become an alcoholic.
Heathcliff begins courting Edgar s naive sister  Isabella  and eventually marries her.
The brokenhearted Cathy soon falls gravely ill.
Heathcliff rushes.
Cathy dies.
The flashback ends.
We return finishing her story.
The family doctor  Dr Kenneth  bursts in  saying.
He must be mad  having seen Heathcliff.
Ellen exclaims  It was Cathy.
He found Heathcliff lying.
He drew closer.
The woman had disappeared.
There was no sign.
Only Heathcliff s footprints appeared  not hers.
Lockwood asks  Is he dead.
And not alone.
He s.
They ve only just begun to live.
The last thing are the ghosts  walking in the snow  superimposed over a shot of Peniston Crag.
We see.
<EOS>
George Lucas is a USC college student in.
He s suffering.
He tries to write a movie with a bad crop of space wheat.
Everywhere he goes  viewers see classmates and teachers.
Either resemble  or will influence the creation  Obi-Wan Kenobi  Darth Vader  Han Solo  Chewbacca  Jabba the Hutt  R2-D2  and.
Lucas is surrounded.
He sees nothing.
Not even his adviser   is able to help him.
Who looks and speaks suspiciously.
Eventually  young Lucas meets his muse  a young woman named Marion.
Who is kind.
Everything falls.
They meet.
She urges him to write what you know.
His writer s block dissipates.
He quickly finishes his masterpiece.
However  his shot is blown.
When he discovers she s his sister.
A depressed Lucas gets a new idea  a duck named Howard.
When his neighbor introduces Lucas.
<EOS>
Los Angeles scriptwriter David Sumner and his wife  TV actress Amy Sumner  move.
Where Amy grew up  to rebuild Amy s recently deceased father s house  and so that David can finish a script.
David meets Amy s ex-boyfriend Charlie Venner and his friends Norman  Chris and Bic.
Whom he hires to fix the barn s roof  which was recently badly damaged.
David also meets former football coach Tom Heddon.
Whose 15-year-old daughter Janice is attracted.
Heddon often bullies Jeremy   and believes.
Who may have committed a crime.
Jeremy is stalking his daughter.
Charlie and his friends begin taunting David.
Who is initially condescending.
The taunting escalates.
They make crude remarks and play loud music to annoy David and prevent him from working on his screenplay.
They break and strangle the couple s cat.
They are.
David is hesitant to confront the men without evidence of their involvement  so Amy does it.
Shortly thereafter   Charlie forces his way  raping her on the couch.
David is away hunting.
She tries to fight him off.
Norman appears and violently rapes her.
She is recovering.
Charlie watches.
David returns  having been abandoned by the men.
Amy does nt tell him.
David fires the men the following day.
They go to a local football game.
Where Amy and Charlie meet.
Meanwhile  Janice takes Jeremy and attempts to give him oral sex.
Heddon notices her absence and begins looking.
Jeremy  scared  puts his hand over Janice s mouth to silence her  accidentally smothering her to death.
He runs away just as Heddon informs Charlie and his friends and deduces.
Jeremy has done something.
Amy becomes uncomfortable and asks David to take her home.
She tells him.
She wants to return  surprising him and causing him to accidentally run over Jeremy.
David and Amy take him and call Sheriff John Burke.
Heddon finds out and goes with Charlie  Norman  Chris and Bic.
Heddon confronts David.
David says.
He will only turn Jeremy over.
Frustrated  Heddon kills the Sheriff.
David watches.
Heddon attempts to enter the house.
David takes Amy and Jeremy upstairs and prepares to fight off the men.
Chris attempts to break through a window  so David nails his hand to the wall with a nail gun  then tells him his throat.
He hopes the glass slits.
David burns his face.
When Heddon tries to follow.
Heddon and Charlie decide to ram one with Charlie s pick-up truck.
They succeed.
Charlie is momentarily knocked unconscious.
Meanwhile  David overpowers Heddon  causing Heddon to accidentally shoot his own foot.
David then takes the opportunity to shoot Heddon  killing him.
He then beats Bic.
Upstairs  Amy and Jeremy are attacked.
Who has climbed.
Norman is preparing again.
When David and Charlie appear.
Charlie and Norman draw.
When Norman threatens to kill Amy.
Focusing  they do nt see Amy retrieve a shotgun.
She shoots Norman.
David and Charlie fight.
Charlie overpowers David downstairs.
Amy aims the shotgun.
Charlie puts his pistol.
Charlie reminds Amy.
The gun is empty.
The distraction gives David the opportunity to kill him.
David and Amy watch.
Charlie is strangled and dies on the floor.
David walks outside and looks at the burning barn  announcing.
He got them all.
<EOS>
Jin is a bright young girl.
Who lives.
She does well but is sometimes distracted from her family duties and occasionally wets the bed.
One day she comes home to discover people removing the furniture.
Her mother takes her and Bin to stay.
Who lives.
The girls  mother leaves them a piggy bank and tells them.
Their aunt will give them change  and when it is full she will come back.
Jin is deeply hurt  crying frequently and often not eating.
Younger sister Bin seems to be less affected.
Bin befriends a neighborhood boy.
Whose kind mother gives them treats and seems somewhat concerned.
It is quickly made apparent and does nt really want the responsibility.
Big Aunt is an alcoholic.
She often passes out or is too hung over  forcing the girls to take care of themselves.
The girls get the idea to cook their own.
When another neighborhood boy gives Bin roasted grasshoppers.
As summer wanes so do the grasshoppers.
This is at first profitable.
Bin gets the idea to make change.
Quickly fills up the bank.
They try to call their mother but discover.
The number is out.
Nevertheless they wait.
Where they last saw her.
She never appears.
Big Aunt reveals.
She received a letter and that  in any case  she is unable to support the children.
She suggests.
They go stay.
The girls  grandfather is very angry.
When they arrive.
Big Aunt is burdening them.
Their grandmother   immediately welcomes them and they become immersed in their aging grandparents  humble but busy lives.
The girls ask their grandmother.
She will buy them winter shoes  and then realize that her own shoes are falling apart.
They decide to give her their piggy bank.
That she can buy new shoes.
Jin and Bin pinky swear.
Both girls lost faith after her.
Their mother will come back.
<EOS>
The six-minute clip begins.
Awaiting Jodi  the bride  who they note is running a little late.
They joke around and open a bottle.
Two are seen  identified  the camcorder operator is never seen nor named.
Jodi arrives  slams the door and falls.
The other women try to console her.
She seems to calm down.
They urge her to start getting her dress.
However  she returns with her hair.
She sees herself.
Where the camera is turned off.
Her things will work out.
But the bride is still not convinced.
The camera shows her cutting her hair.
Jodi starts to cry again  and starts blaming Jessie.
When she sees herself.
Esther and the camerawoman are amused  Jessie tries to make the best.
Jessie is trying to cut more of Jodi s braids off.
All three bridesmaids try again to reassure her.
Finally she sees the camera again and lunges.
<EOS>
Julie is the eldest daughter.
Usha her close friend is.
She meets her brother Sasi.
Who is studying.
Julie soon falls with Sasi.
Even Usha is aware.
The relationship gets more cozy.
Julie gets pregnant.
Her alcoholic father Morris soon dies.
Julie is taken.
Where here mother s aunt lives.
There she gives birth.
Julie s mother decided to migrate.
Who feels that England is their true motherland.
Soon Julie confesses to Usha.
She also meets Sasi.
Who is now ready to accept her.
But Sasi s orthodox mother rejects her outright.
Sasi s father Mr Warrier questions him.
Sasi confesses in ruining Julie s life.
Mr Warrier then helps Julie s family and invites them to his home for a small farewell.
Here he introduces his wife and also his daughter Usha.
Usha comes out.
Julie recognizes it.
Mr Warrier then says.
He and his family has no hesitations and encourages the rest of the Morris family to stay back in India.
<EOS>
The story is set.
Where giant mechanical robots have landed.
They are being fought.
Most  however  do not know.
Where they came or what they are.
Trixi Asha and Khal Kekoa are two orphans.
Who decide to escape.
Trixi wants to find her brother Griffin.
Who was conscripted long ago.
They narrowly manage to escape the city  pursued.
They come to a highway.
Where they get a lift.
They are ambushed by bandits and lose Dale  and are forced to continue to Westlake alone.
They find a decimated town with destroyed buildings and a populace.
Initially only wants them to leave.
Eventually  they are given food and shelter but are betrayed by one of the townspeople to Mr Tinker.
Another helps them escape  and shows them to a secret entrance to a nearby army base.
Trixi and Khal sneak and find.
The information is encrypted.
Meanwhile  Mr Tinker approaches the army base to tell them.
Their security has been breached.
The alarm goes off.
Khal can crack the encryption.
The two orphans grab the hard drive and manage to narrowly escape.
<EOS>
Every day is the same for Dr Robert Morgan  he wakes up  gathers his weapons and then goes hunting for vampires.
Morgan lives.
Where everyone else has been infected.
They would kill Morgan.
They could.
Fortunately  they are weak and unintelligent.
Morgan locks himself inside his house  during the day  he kills as many vampires  burning the bodies.
He can.
A flashback sequence explains.
Three years before  Morgan s wife and daughter had succumbed  before it was widely known by the public that the dead would return to life.
Morgan buried her without the knowledge of the authorities.
Morgan became aware.
When his wife returned and attacked him.
Morgan hypothesizes.
He is immune because he was bitten by an infected vampire bat when he was stationed in Panama  which introduced a diluted form of the plague into his blood.
One day  a dog appears.
Desperate  Morgan chases after the dog but does not catch it.
Some time later  the dog appears  wounded.
He takes the dog and treats its wounds  looking forward to having company for the first time in three years.
He quickly discovers  however.
It too has become infected.
Morgan is later seen burying the dog.
He has impaled.
Morgan spots a woman.
Out. 
The woman  Ruth  is terrified at first sight  and runs from him.
Morgan convinces her to return  but is suspicious of her true nature.
Ruth becomes ill.
When Morgan waves garlic  but claims that she has a weak stomach.
Morgan s suspicion is confirmed.
Ruth is infected.
When he discovers her attempting to inject herself.
Ruth initially draws a gun  but surrenders it to him.
Ruth then tells him and was sent to spy.
She is part.
The vaccine allows the people to function normally.
The infection takes again.
It wears off.
Ruth explains.
Her people are planning to rebuild society as they destroy the remaining vampires  and that many were technically still alive.
Morgan transfuses his own blood.
Ruth is asleep.
She is immediately cured.
Morgan sees hope.
Together  they can cure the rest.
Moments later  however  Ruth s people attack.
Morgan takes the gun and flees his home.
The attackers kill the vampires gathered.
Ruth s people spot Morgan and chase him.
He exchanges gunfire  and picks up tear gas grenades from a police station armory along the way.
Morgan is wounded into a church.
The tear gas delays his pursuers somewhat.
His pursuers finally impale him on the altar with a spear.
Morgan denounces his pursuers as freaks  and declares.
He is the last true man.
<EOS>
The film shows Spurlock visiting various countries associated with or affected by Bin Laden.
The film contains short interviews.
Supposedly Spurlock searches.
He even asks people.
Where he is.
The film is intercut.
Much is based on the concerns of a new father.
Spurlock visits Morocco  Egypt  Saudi Arabia  Jordan  Israel  Afghanistan  and Pakistan.
He visits Tora Bora.
A local government official is shown.
Who wants to change it.
Spurlock is also shown as an embedded journalist.
Spurlock is shown hesitating to enter the area near the Afghan border   and deciding not to go there  arguing the risk.
Where Bin Laden was.
Is closed.
It is not worth.
He concludes.
The people are ordinary people just like himself and the audience.
<EOS>
Dr Lawrence Angelo works  running experiments in increasing the intelligence of chimpanzees using drugs and virtual reality.
One escapes using warfare technology.
He was being trained to use.
Dr Angelo is generally a pacifist.
Who would rather explore the intelligence-enhancing potential without applying it for military purposes.
Jobe Smith  a local greenskeeper  lives in the garden shed owned by the local priest  Father Francis McKeen.
McKeen s brother  Terry  is a local landscape gardener and employs Jobe to help him.
Father McKeen punishes the challenged Jobe.
Whenever he fails to complete his chores.
Jobe is mowing his lawn.
Dr Angelo records audio notes.
Peter Parkette  the young son  is friends with Jobe.
Dr Angelo invites Peter and Jobe to play some virtual reality games.
Learning more persuades Jobe to participate in his experiments  telling him.
It will make him smarter.
Jobe agrees and begins a program.
Dr Angelo makes it a point to redesign all the intelligence-boosting treatments.
Jobe soon becomes smarter.
Dr Angelo starts taking Jobe at work to use the technology there.
Jobe begins a sexual relationship.
However  Jobe starts to have telepathic and hallucinatory experiences.
He continues.
An accident makes Dr Angelo call a halt.
The project director  Sebastian Timms  employed  keeps a secret watch on the progress of the experiment  and swaps the scientist s new medications for the old Project 5 aggression factors.
Jobe acquires telekinetic and pyrokinetic powers and takes Marnie.
Something goes wrong.
Marnie is driven insane  laughing endlessly.
Jobe uses.
His telepathic abilities to make the investigating police attribute it all to bizarre accidents.
Jobe believes.
His final stage is to become pure energy in the VSI computer mainframe  and from there reach into all the systems of the world.
He promises.
His birth will be signaled.
The Shop sends a team to capture Jobe  but they are ineffective.
He scatters their molecules.
Jobe uses the lab equipment to enter the mainframe computer  abandoning his body to become a wholly virtual being.
His body becomes a wizened husk.
Dr Angelo remotely infects the VSI computer.
Encrypts all to the outside world  trapping Jobe in the mainframe.
Dr Angelo primes bombs to destroy the building.
Feeling responsible.
What has happened.
Jobe overpowers and crucifies him  then continues to search.
Peter runs  Jobe still cares for him and allows Dr Angelo to go free.
Order to rescue Peter.
Jobe forces a computer-connected lock to open  allowing Peter and Dr Angelo to escape.
Jobe escapes.
The building is destroyed.
Back at home  Dr Angelo and Peter s mother Carla are about to leave.
When their telephone rings  followed around the globe.
<EOS>
The story flashes forward to assess the toll  all set against the backdrop of suburban Sydney.
It has taken.
Jordan Lombard is a broken man  now hideously obese and unable.
His once happy marriage is skidding hopelessly out.
His wife Penelope is trapped.
Her pain only deepens.
This humilation has driven her straight man.
Their surviving son Matt.
Ben has developed a peculiar relationship.
A romance has began to blossom.
He turns his attentions next-door Indigo  his dead brothers former lover.
Ben s sexuality comes further.
Never quite the same  her destructive relationship with a married man  Greg  is fading.
Is her relationship.
Indigo comes to find.
Ben sets out to woo her  including dressing like an old neighbour.
He might be her one true friend.
Then history repeats.
Jordan suffers a heart attack  shaking his family.
Penelope fights for her husband at a hospital bedside.
Desperate to reclaim his life  Jordan races to quit his oppressive job.
- he crumbles - a second chance now awarded.
When Jordan finally gets home that night.
Meanwhile  Ben makes his way  planning to skip the city with Indigo.
Kisses her  hoping all his questions might finally be answered.
But there s nothing.
Liam is no longer the driving force.
So.
Indigo begins her adventure  they all finally see a road promised ahead  one with hope.
The lessons learnt.
<EOS>
Barry Fitzgerald appears  but has no other role.
Captain Boyle lives in a two room tenement flat with his wife Juno and children Mary and Johnny.
Juno has dubbed her husband Captain Paycock and vain.
She thinks him as useful.
Juno works.
The Captain loafs.
Daughter Mary has a job but is presently against the victimization of a.
Son Johnny has become a semi invalid.
He has recently turned to the Irish Free State police.
Johnny has taken the Anti-Treaty side.
Captain Paycock tells his friend Joxer of his disgust for his son.
Daughter Mary is courted but dumps him for Charlie Bentham.
Who whisks her away.
The elated Captain borrows money and spends it freely on new furniture and a Victrola.
Family friends are invited.
The Captain soon learns.
The inheritance was a lie to gain Mary s favors.
The Captain keeps the bad news a secret.
Creditors show up.
Even Joxer turns and gleefully spreads the news of the nonexistent inheritance.
The furniture store repossesses the furniture.
The tailor demands money.
Pub owner Mrs Madigan  takes the Victrola to cover the Captain s bar tab.
The worst is yet to come  however.
Mary reveals.
She has shamed the family.
Her former fiance Jerry proclaims his love and offers to marry her back.
He learns.
It is revealed.
Johnny s body has been found riddled.
Almost certainly  the Anti-Treaty IRA has learned of his status as an informer for the Garda Siochana.
Realizing  Mary declares  It s true.
Their family has been destroyed.
There is no God.
Juno shushes her daughter  saying.
Completely shattered.
They will need both Christ and the Blessed Virgin to deal.
Alone  however  she laments her son s fate.
<EOS>
Madeleine Dalton was once a wild girl.
Who was drawn  but has now settled down with real estate broker Mike Dalton.
She is desperate to make her dead-end relationship exciting again and goes seeing a psychiatrist  Dr Jennings.
He suggests her to spice up her sex life.
She decides to give it a try and begins using handcuffs and letting her get blindfolded.
Meanwhile  several women are getting handcuffed  blindfolded and knifed to death.
Madeleine s sister Chris Madigan is involved and ends up finding a corpse.
She suspects.
Dr Jennings is the murderer since he has some sort.
Madeleine is drawn more and more.
The identity is coming closer to being exposed.
She eventually becomes obsessed and starts an affair with Dr Jannings.
It takes its toll  Stomp Tokyo Plot summary description.
<EOS>
Pitamber Chaudhri  headmaster  has a daughter named Geeta.
Geeta is a typical village belle  naive  and childish  and always.
Who is her neighbour.
Pitamber s older daughter  Meera   informs Pitamber.
Who lives.
Who could be a possible match.
Pitamber is asked to welcome him and treat him well.
Pitamber and family do just.
When the visitor arrives.
Vinod  the newcomer  takes an instant liking  even teaching her to sing.
The family begins to talk.
Life is good.
Another letter arrives.
Pitamber is shocked to read.
The engineer whom Meera was sending to meet the family has not yet arrived  but will be coming soon.
Vinod is only an overseer.
Who happened to come early  as his boss was delayed and could not make it as planned.
The family is disappointed.
They asks Geeta to stop seeing Vinod and turn her attention.
Geeta can not forget Vinod.
Sunil is fond and agrees to the engagement.
Is quickly arranged.
He prepares to leave the village.
When Vinod hears.
Geeta insists.
She will marry Vinod.
She rushes.
Disheartened  she turns back and is received and driven back by Sunil.
Vinod is at the house.
All misconceptions have been cleared up.
Geeta and Vinod are to be engaged.
<EOS>
John Chisum  a virtuous  patriarchal land baron  locks horns.
Who will stop to get control of the trade and even the law in Lincoln County.
Chisum is an aging rancher towards his companions and community.
Murphy  a malevolent land developer  plans to take control.
The story begins.
Who plan to steal Chisum s horses.
Chisum and his sidekick Pepper stop the bandits with help to the area  William Bonney  also known as Billy the Kid.
A notorious killer  Billy has been given a chance to reform  rancher John Tunstall.
Billy also falls.
Murphy is buying up all the stores and using his monopoly to push up the prices.
He appoints his own sheriff and deputies.
He also brings.
Whose principles lead him to switch sides and seek work.
The two ranchers set up their own bank and general store under McSween s control.
Chisum s land and cattle remain targets.
Murphy s men attempt to steal Chisum s cattle.
He can sell them.
Chisum s ranch hands are warned.
Garrett agrees to help Chisum and soon befriends Bonney.
Together they foil an attack on the wagons bringing in provisions for the new store.
Fed.
To seek the intervention.
Sam Axtell.
He is intercepted by Murphy s deputies.
Who falsely accuse him and shoot him dead.
Chisum and Garrett hunt down the deputies and ride them back for trial.
Bonney  seeking revenge  overpowers Garrett and shoots dead both deputies.
Billy rides and kills him too.
Sheriff Brady can organise a posse.
Murphy appoints bounty hunter Dan Nodeen  giving him orders to hunt down Bonney.
Nodeen has a score to settle.
A previous encounter has left him with a permanent limp.
Billy s plans are only just beginning.
He breaks.
He is spotted.
Who gets Murphy s men to surround the store.
McSween comes out unarmed.
Nodeen shoots him.
Chisum is alerted into town.
The main street is blocked  so Chisum stampedes his cattle.
He tracks down Murphy and takes him.
Ends. 
Murphy ends up impaled.
Nodeen flees with Billy in pursuit.
The film ends.
It s been learned.
General Lew Wallace takes over.
Chisum can resume his iconic vigil over the Pecos valley.
<EOS>
The film follows three small-time criminals.
They pinball their way on a boozy Saint Patrick s Day.
Liam is plotting an escape.
Dave hopes to move up the criminal pecking order.
Scratcher seems happy.
<EOS>
Herzog asserts.
The Loch Ness Monster is merely a creation.
Herzog hosts a dinner party to kick off film production.
The film continues.
Are his wife  several Hollywood celebrities  and the film s crew.
Difficulties begin to arise.
The untested producer  Zak Penn  attempts to transform Herzog s film.
Penn commits several Hollywood cliches such as hiring a beautiful woman for a dubious role as a sonar operator and a self-deluded cryptozoologist for comic relief.
The tension escalates with each revelation.
The shooting progresses.
Penn is acting.
First  it becomes quite apparent.
The producer has commissioned a fake Nessie to be used.
Then both Kitana and Karnow are revealed to be actors hired.
The crew begins to see.
When Herzog and his crew are working.
What appears to truly be the Loch Ness Monster.
Herzog and crew become more and more concerned.
Then the monster appears to be attacking the vessel.
The crew huddles.
The monster returns again to ram the boat hard enough to cause it to begin to sink.
Karnow is thrown overboard.
Karnow is lost and presumably eaten by the monster.
Herzog decides to put and swim to shore for help.
Penn and the assistant director  Robert OMeara  sneak away.
However  Nessie returns to finally sink the ship.
He can do so.
Herzog captures underwater images.
Holding a camera.
The next day  Penn is found and leads them back to recover all but OMeara and Karnow.
Who are presumed dead.
It appears.
Both the documentary film we have been watching and the documentary film we were watching Herzog make could be fictitious.
However  this never becomes completely obvious.
The film ends.
Who is duping whom.
<EOS>
Christine Painter is a sexually naive waitress and.
Who pays by renting flats to local tarts.
She later becomes a call girl herself - joining her friend Shirley and their maid Dolly - and specializes with older gentlemen.
She becomes a huge sensation leading to wealth and infamy in the tabloids.
The brothel business also brings  and leads to repairing a previously strained relationship with her father.
<EOS>
Life is all about his mother Mahalakshmi.
Who separated.
Kumaran is passionate.
He shares a very special relationship.
Kumaran falls in love with Malabar aka Mythili.
But his life is destroyed.
She tells her son to meet his father  a kickboxing champion.
Who lives.
Kumaran goes to meet him.
Eshwar is happily settled.
Kumaran gets a job.
But he finds his father.
He is angry.
His father trains a boxer  Anand.
Whom his father is sure will win the championship.
Anand makes Eshwar s daughter pregnant and leaves her.
He turns traitor and joins another team.
The rest is about.
Eshwar trains Kumaran and wins the kickboxing competition.
Kumaran helps his.
<EOS>
The Sky Pilot arrives.
They reject him.
He wins the residents over with his prowess.
A plot to steal cattle is uncovered and disrupted.
Gwen  daughter  is injured in a stampede  looses her ability to walk  but recovers thanks to the power of love.
<EOS>
The film starts off  only the truck is a dummy truck.
Is empty to ward.
The next morning  the radio news announces.
A business-man named Leo Murphy  aka Leo the Pig  is found naked and killed out at sea.
Ged still has to pay his crew  this causes a strain with his wife Debbie.
Though the truck heist was a dud.
That they do nt go work and take jobs for other competitors.
Their young son is unaware.
What his father does.
Their neighbor  Pamela Thompson  comes over.
When Ged goes to drop off his son.
Pam and Deb does lines at the house   he drives to a desolated area.
When Ged leaves.
Ged drops off his son.
Where there are business people standing around.
Pam s husband  Keith Thompson  is trying to get investors.
Ged is one  but he has to front up the money to buy shares of the land.
He does not have all upfront.
He gives Keith a down payment to hold a piece  telling him.
He ll get the rest soon.
John Paul  aka Ratter  is pulling up with his new lackey  Paul the Hom.
Who has small connections.
Area are a group of wanna-be thugs  with a young kid  Ritchie  as the leader.
They do little side jobs  and know bits and pieces of info here and there about the crime world.
Ratter is Ged s younger brother  and he.
Paul wants to take the crew.
Ratter brought Paul along.
Who is the crew s boss.
The crew gets interested  but.
When Paul starts talking.
Paul and Ratter tries to pitch the sale  he does nt buy into it.
Ged is.
When it comes.
He wo nt mix in  people always get caught or end up dead.
He knows that drugs is always the most riskiest.
Ged wo nt have anything to do  and throws Paul out of the bar.
He wants to just stick.
He displays his disappointment.
Ged meets up  the truck driver.
Was. 
Jimmy and Ged are together  with Jimmy providing info to Ged about his truck routes and shipments  and getting a cut in on the deal.
Jimmy s truck company is unaware.
Ged and his crew always makes the robbery authentic  even knocking out Jimmy and his.
Jimmy tells Ged.
There will be three shipments going out soon.
They decide to let the first two shipments go  and to rob the third shipment instead.
That the company wo nt be alerted.
Will be the last shipment.
Jimmy gives Ged all the info  routes  times  destination  etc.
He also warns Ged.
These truck shipments will all have GPS  and that they will have about ten minutes to carry out the heist before the company calls it in.
Jimmy tells Ged.
Since this is a huge heist that he s giving  that he wants to be square away with him  and that he wants out after this last heist.
Ged tells him.
If the heist goes good he ll think.
Ged  too  wants to get out.
Is being hosted at their home.
Ged tells the crew  and also informs the crew  as well as hosting Leo s funeral.
Franner  is looking.
Franner is apparently a big time crime boss.
Leo was one.
Pam and Keith arrive as well  on the invitation of Deb.
Ged is destressed.
He does nt want Keith and Pam  who appears to be legit business people  to mix in.
However  an intoxicated Ratter   finds out about Ged s land investment.
This leads  with Keith and his wife leaving the party after only being there for a few minutes.
They invite Ged and his wife.
They re having next week before they leave.
Ratter confronts Ged  Ged knocks out Ratter.
He has that he s keeping from the crew  and after much taunting.
Mobey  a member  has his son s communion coming up.
He and his wife are preparing  and that he keeps on annoying the crew with reminders for them to attend.
The communion is.
Mobey visits a gentlemen s club frequently.
Is owned.
Mobey has an outstanding tab.
Lepi s man  Dusan  brings it up.
Ratter and Paul are also.
They want to land a deal to take over Leo s business  which Lepi was Leo s biggest customer.
They want to be the.
Was what Leo was.
However  they need Lepi to front up the money to buy the drugs from the supplier.
Is the Irishman  Dermot.
Ratter tries to get a business trade by telling Lepi about the PlayStation job  but  Lepi does nt want to do business.
When Lepi finds out that his brother  Ged  is nt okay.
However   Ratter is sure.
He can get him later on  and tells Paul to set up a meeting with the Irishman anyway.
They see Mobey there.
Paul and Ratter are leaving.
Mobey tells the two to forget.
Ged is.
They pretend.
If they have.
Ratter and Paul drive.
Where Ratter meets.
He asks Ratter.
Franner knows.
Ratter reassures him.
He will talk and that he ll get the okay.
The Irishman tells Ratter.
Leo s business was a big deal to handle  and that if he knows how to work the business then he ll go in  but that it s money upfront  and to talk to Franner first.
Meanwhile  Franner and his man are going asking Ged and his crew  as well as asking Ritchie and his young crew - everyone tells Franner.
They know anything.
What they know.
They are hearing that it s the Serb gang that did it.
Franner tells his man to keep an eye.
Ritchie informs Franner.
He gets paid.
Mobey gets beat up.
Is still outstanding.
Ged gets a call.
When he s.
Deb is upset.
Ged has to give the crew  and when he leaves to go see Mobey  Deb and Pam go upstairs.
Where they snort lines and then have sex with each other.
Deb has a lesbian infatuation  a mix from the cocaine and the alienation.
She feels as the crime business seems to be taking its toll on him.
Ged goes to square away their two men s beef.
Ratter and Paul are there first.
Ged goes.
They try to make a deal.
For him to front up the money so that they can get the drugs.
Ratter tells Lepi.
He will give him what he wants - Ged Brennan and his crew.
Just then  Dusan tells him.
Ged is outside and wants to see him.
Paul starts flipping out  worrying  and keeps.
Ged is.
Ged is.
Ratter keeps trying to calm Paul down.
Who is getting hysterical.
Outside  Ged tells Lepi  either they have an all out war.
It ends two ways.
Their men go.
Lepi agrees.
Their men go one on one.
They arrange to meet in the morning the next day.
Lepi flips out on Dusan for having Mobey beaten up over a 900 pound tab.
He also tells Ratter and Paul to get out.
They do nt have a deal.
Is being hosted.
Ged even sents him home early so.
He can get rest up.
Instead Mobey goes.
He frequently visits.
Franner makes it clear.
He will find out who killed Leo and that he will avenge his death.
Ratter asks Franner.
Franner gives him the okay.
Ratter telling him no.
Ged sees Franner and Ratter talking and becomes suspicious and weary.
Ged picks up Mobey.
They drive out.
Where they wait.
Ged asks Mobey.
He ever wanted to do anything else.
Mobey confides.
He wanted to open a pet shop  but that as time went on he gave up that idea.
Ged tells him.
He s getting out  that the PlayStation is his last job.
Then he s getting out.
Lepi and his man show up.
Then Mobey and Dusan fight their.
Lepi calls Ratter to tell him.
Lepi s man is beaten  that the tension is over between the two crews after their men fight it out.
He ll accept his offer and front him the money.
Pam and Keith are at Ged s house.
Keith tells Deb.
It s the last day  and that all of the investors have to have the money in by noon.
Deb tries to call Ged   so instead Deb gives Keith all.
Who does not answer his phone.
They have.
Deb and Pam goes upstairs to celebrate the deal.
Ged comes home and sees.
The safe is empty and wakes up an intoxicated Deb.
He is suspicious  and drives over.
Where the whole house is emptied.
Deb and Ged realizes.
They were scammed  and that the Thompson s were planning it  a wife and husband team that shafted them  clearly something that they are professionals in.
Ged tells Jimmy.
He needs to move up the heist and that he s going to take one.
He moved the date up.
Is Mobey s son s communion date.
Ged gathers his men together to tell them  and apologizes to Ratter about.
What happened.
He then gets a phone call to meet him.
He meets up.
They are beating Ritchie.
Who is nailed by his hands.
Ged is clearly bothered  and tells the men to let Ritchie go.
Franner tells Ritchie to tell Ged.
What he told him  which was that Ratter had him kill Leo.
Ged does nt believe it  and points his gun.
Franner and his men have their guns aimed as well.
Ged is distraught.
He knows that Ratter will be killed.
He tells Franner.
He saw him give Ratter the nod  that he gave Ratter the okay  which Franner replies that he gave him the okay for the business  not to kill Leo.
Franner then asks Ged.
He s his brother s keeper  which Ged remorsely says no.
Franner tells Ged not to do the heist.
The Serbs will be involved as well  and that it will be a whole big mess.
Ged confides to Franner.
He has to do the job because he was scammed out on the land deal.
He had checked up.
They seemed legit.
He felt.
He was losing his touch.
Franner asks him.
Who scammed him.
Ged tells him.
It was a husband and wife team.
The guy went.
Franner tells Ged again not to do the job  and then leaves him there to kill him.
Ged is distraught   but Ged has to kill him.
Since Ritchie keeps pleading  telling him that he s just a young kid.
He was the one that killed Leo.
Franner is going to kill Ratter.
Ged and his men wait for Jimmy s truck.
Is a last minute change.
Everyone is there.
Ged tells one.
Ratter is nt coming.
It shows Ged and Jimmy planning out the heist.
Jimmy telling Ged.
The truck company will be sending as well.
Ged tells Jimmy.
He wants all the info.
They hijack it  beating up the co-driver  and knocking out Jimmy.
When his crew sees Jimmy s truck.
They open the trailer  which is loaded  to the relief of Ged.
Ratter and Paul go to meet Franner and the Irishman.
Franner confronts Ratter.
When they are all standing.
Paul panicks and runs.
The Irishman shoots him dead  and then Franner shoots Ratter in the head at close range with a pistol.
Meanwhile  Franner s men and Lepi and his men are trying to hijack the same truck.
They think is the PlayStation job as they only knew the details that Ged gave to his crew  which Ratter gave to Lepi.
Ritchie told  but it turns out to be one of the dummy trucks instead.
Franner s men kills all  including Lepi.
Then Franner s man calls him to tell him.
The truck was a dummy.
Franner meets Ged.
Where Franner gives Ged a piece and tells him to take care of himself  knowing that Ged wanted out.
The piece is information to the location of Keith and Pamela.
The movie ends at a house  in a swimming pool.
Ged walking down a pathway heading towards the house - presumably to kill them.
<EOS>
Rose meet  and fall in love.
They dream  and talk of living there in the near future.
One night  Bobby s prank backfires  a young shopkeeper is killed in an accidental homicide.
Bobby and Rose become fugitives.
Rose becomes worried.
They decide to go.
<EOS>
The film opens.
Clips are shown and.
They are birthed.
Next  the film features clips.
Using footage  the film then transitions into clips of food  then starvation  then riots  then death.
The focus is again brought to dance.
The film ends with a woman pregnant in a tub.
<EOS>
Brothers Chris and Wayne Dixon  are on a two-week spree of cheap thrills throughout the South before their upcoming stint in the Air Force.
Both Chicago transplants  Wayne applied.
When his brother Chris was given the option as the result of an earlier episode with the law.
Driving pick up hitchhiker Jenny Scott  a pretty blond with a shady backstory.
She would rather not discuss.
Meanwhile  local backwater town sheriff Reed Morgan is preparing to bring back his son Luke - hunting season is tomorrow.
He buys Luke a new shotgun.
They have car trouble.
Chris  Jenny  and Wayne cruise.
They stall out.
Unable to repair the car  they shake together enough money to get it patched up.
Waiting  they are informally threatened by Morgan.
Who points out that they could be picked up if they decided to stick around.
Not interested  the brothers and Jenny head out.
Their car is running.
But another breakdown - this time nearby a fresh crime scene - puts the trio  with a devastating finale for all.
Includes a rape and murder.
<EOS>
100 years after the sinking of the RMS Titanic  a new  similar-looking luxury cruise liner named.
The SS Titanic II is christened.
It then embarks.
The Titanic took 100 years before.
The effects of global warming cause the Helheim Glacier in Greenland to collapse  creating a giant tsunami.
Sends an iceberg crashing.
The passengers are partying.
The entire starboard side are crushed.
Immense pressure is put.
The turbines eventually explode  killing many people.
People struggle to escape the rising waters and run.
The explosion also caused an immense fire.
Is listing.
Minutes later  another tsunami  this one more powerful and faster  caused by a second collapse of the Helheim Glacier hits the liner  flipping it upside-down and drowning the people still on board and killing all the passengers in the lifeboats.
The Titanic II finally sinks.
Very few passengers survive.
<EOS>
A Prussian officer returns home.
Unable to find employment elsewhere  he works by the Baroness.
He is eventually killed.
Both sides claim his body.
The Nazis succeed and bury him with honours  a hero to a cause.
He did not support.
Nicholas Pegg.
The Complete David Bowie  pp.
<EOS>
Minister Rob Tyler and his wife Jill Tyler adopt two children  Catherine and Eric.
Eric is a sweet and timid child.
Catherine seems to come across.
However  Catherine soon displays outbursts  affecting her behavior and interaction with others.
Some of her violent acts go unnoticed.
Rob and Jill sense.
When it progresses.
Something is wrong.
They attempt to ask Doris  the children s caseworker  in Catherine s past.
Might explain it.
Doris hides and only suggests.
Rob and Jill bring the children back if they re unable to handle them.
Which Catherine fondles her grandfather.
She puts  convincing him.
There s nothing wrong.
A short time later  Jill notices fresh bruises.
She gets him to admit.
He s initially scared to say anything.
It was Catherine who inflicted them  though these are relatively minute.
Doris finally admits the truth about the children s past  after receiving a concerned phone call  she rescued the children from an abusive and neglectful home.
Was one.
It was nothing.
Eric was.
Catherine was found.
No adults were present.
Doris then reveals.
The children have an older biological sister named Stephanie  whom she and Jill track down.
Stephanie has a harrowing story of her own to tell  she was sexually abused by her father as a child.
He turned his attention over  thus explaining the root of her violent behavior.
She began fighting back.
Which Catherine cuts a classmate.
Who reveals that she had previously moved the children to foster home  hoping that something would work for them.
She then gives the couple a book called Kids.
Who Kill.
Jill describes it as chilling and feeling.
It was a perfect description.
It is.
Doris suggests a controversial treatment method  holding therapy  which is practiced by the book s author  Dr Rosemary Myers.
Rob feels and suggests they just keep Eric.
Though Catherine is a lost cause.
Jill reminds him.
God gave us these children and that they have to do whatever they can to help Catherine.
Dr Myers examines Catherine.
Dr Myers uses reverse psychology to get Catherine to admit her past acts.
She initially tries to put that she did for the last therapist.
Afterward  she tells Rob and Jill.
They have a very sick little girl.
The lack.
Catherine was born.
She offers trying to help Catherine  but acknowledges.
It can go either way.
Things start out well  and shortly.
Catherine says to dr.
Myers you ugly old bitch it s going too far.
I hate your guts.
However  Dr Myers reminds Jill.
She needs to trust her.
The session resumes  ending successfully.
An enraged Catherine admits a desire to re-enact her past acts with the three of them  giving them a glimpse of the pain underneath her rage.
Dr Myers realizes  so she gives them permission to do so.
The procedure normally takes place.
Rob and Jill need to get home and believes the couple can successfully conduct the sessions at home.
Returning home  the couple discusses the prospect.
They agree.
Initially uncertain.
It s best in order to allow her a chance to heal.
A breakthrough occurs   Jill does the same.
The two have another holding therapy session.
When Catherine starts to cry afterward.
Catherine attempts to comfort her.
The film ends.
She loves them.
<EOS>
Leo Kroll is a mother-fixated lab technician.
Who collects dolls.
He is also a serial killer  responsible  and is questioned by the police regarding those murders  but is released.
Kroll claims his next victim  Clara  the nurse.
Who has been looking.
Who is after a heart attack.
However  he leaves a doll behind.
-LRB- A subplot features and is released.
Kroll becoming enamored is again questioned by the police  but successfully passes a lie detector test.
He visits his mother and tells her.
He killed Clara  which induces a second  fatal heart attack.
Returning  he sees Barbara  Tally s co-worker  talking to the police.
This makes Kroll frantic.
He is visibly nervous.
Kroll is talking about the police.
He misses ring.
He plays the game.
This reminds Kroll and finally sets him off.
When Barbara mimics one by saying Mama.
Kroll goes and strangles her.
She is stepping out.
Works. 
Meanwhile  it seems  Kroll finally feels free.
It seems.
His hatred is fading.
He visits Tally and proposes.
Kroll begins to believe.
He is rejected.
All the bad things his mother told him are true.
The police finally find their strangler.
Kroll hides and waits to kill her.
When she comes home.
The police  believing  bug her room and stay close to catch Kroll.
Tally could be the strangler s next victim.
Tally is packing her bag to leave town and ends up covering the bug.
The police are unable to hear.
What is going.
They are able to realize they are too late.
Tally is.
The police burst.
Kroll finishes Tally off.
They open fire.
Kroll is hit  goes  and plunges to his death.
The strangler is dead.
<EOS>
Goofy is setting up an animal trap.
Donald is.
Donald explains  and   he hatches a plan to have a tasty penguin buffet.
Sick he is.
Noticing a penguin outside.
The rest deals with him trying to lure a large group into his pot.
Goofy is stuck trying desperately to catch a walrus.
The name and Goofy s trapping business is Donald & Goofy Trapping Co.
Their slogan is We Bring Em Back Alive.
This is Donald s first time encountering penguins.
It is not his last.
The music played.
Donald leads the penguins is the instrumental piece March  from the operetta Babes in Toyland  also known as Parade Of The Tin Soldiers.
<EOS>
Earl lost most.
Earl and Val became wealthy.
Earl is approached.
Ortega knows.
Earl and Val dealt previously.
He informs Earl  he needs help to dispose.
There are more.
Earl refuses  horrified.
There are more.
Grady tells him.
Ortega will pay him $.
Earl agrees to eliminate the Graboids.
Grady accompanies him.
Earl and Grady are introduced to Pedro  the company s chief engineer and Kate Reilly  a geologist.
Ortega brings Earl and Grady a few cases.
A man named.
Julio introduces a seismic monitor that will show Grady and Earl where the Graboids are.
Grady builds a chain.
Earl and Grady kill 16 Graboids using dynamite strapped.
Another Graboid snags the chain Grady hooked.
The Graboid begins dragging them.
Earl sees more Graboids approaching.
When the Graboid snaps the chain.
Earl calls up Burt Gummer  an old friend.
Who helped him take down the Graboids.
Burt comes.
The group splits up to kill more.
Earl and Grady see another Graboid.
Oddly  the Graboid is moving away.
Earl and Grady investigate.
The Graboid surfaces.
Earl backs his truck down the side of the hill and into a pile of rocks  breaking an axle.
They see.
The Graboid has not moved.
Earl and Grady wait to bring the Graboid back to the refinery.
The Graboid makes loud  painful noises.
Grady and Earl see.
Some are missing  leading Earl to believe that something emerged from it.
He notices  then he and Grady hear another Graboid making a noise just they encountered earlier.
Earl tries contacting Kate.
The radio s transmitter has been damaged.
Grady sees Pedro s truck coming up the road only to stop.
They see.
When Earl and Grady walk.
All are his severed arms.
Is left.
Earl decides to call by hiking to a nearby radio tower.
Burt has become worried and begins returning.
His monitor is showing no Graboids.
They find.
When Grady and Earl reach the radio tower.
It has been damaged.
Earl spots a car.
Grady tries hotwiring.
The two hear a strange noise coming  then see a creature resembling.
A smaller two-legged Graboid  dubbed a Shrieker  emerge.
Grady and Earl kill it.
Three more Shriekers come.
They drive the car back.
He is ambushed.
Burt is trying to get back.
Kate  unable  grows worried.
Julio agrees to find them.
Devours him.
He is about to leave a Shrieker.
Grady and Earl kill the Shrieker.
Killed Julio and reunite.
Appears and begins damaging their car s engine.
They are about to leave another Shrieker.
Earl kills it.
Burt arrives.
Attacked him.
He shows them a Shrieker.
He caught alive  unaware that another Shrieker has stowed away.
The four discover.
The Shrieker hunts.
It creates another Shrieker.
When it consumes a piece.
Kate  Earl  Grady and Burt are ambushed.
Enjoying this spectacle.
The group plans to drive off.
Another Shrieker is blocking their path.
Burt uses his.
50 BMG rifle to kill it.
The bullet goes the engine block of Julio s car.
More Shriekers trap Grady  Earl and Kate in the bucket of a tractor.
The Shriekers start jumping.
Burt makes the Shriekers chase him.
Where his truck is.
He is able to lock a door and close a garage  trapping them.
However  this proves to be problematic and allows the Shrikers to reproduce.
The garage is filled.
Earl sprays himself to make him cold so.
The Shriekers will not see him.
That he can reach Burt s bombs.
See Earl.
He is walking the frost.
Earl sets off a timed charge and throws it.
Grady  Burt and Kate pull him out.
The four run.
The bomb detonates the explosives and destroys the refinery  killing the Shriekers.
Grady tells Earl.
The Petromaya corporation owes them.
Earl suggests.
They walk.
They charge the corporation they killed.
Earl says  No way.
When Grady says that they can open up their own Monster World.
But Grady says  Oh  Cmon  Earl.
This could be.
<EOS>
Bobby Comfort was a convicted thief.
He escaped and cleared himself of all charges.
He returns home  but finds himself unsatisfied with the domestic lifestyle.
Sammy Nalo  Comfort s new partner  appears.
They begin robbing trendy New York City hotels.
Meanwhile  Phil Parris  Comfort s second cousin  attempts to change Comfort.
<EOS>
The Jailer  Arun Mehra s life  and another convict Dinesh  risks his life to save Arun.
Is threatened.
Arun and his mom  Mrs Mehra find out.
Dinesh is for killing noted Professor Ashok Verma.
All songs   are penned.
Are popular even today.
<EOS>
Ali Baba does not appear.
The band do  led by Abu Hassan.
Popeye  Olive Oyl  and J.
Wellington Wimpy hear on a town in Arabia and fly there to capture him.
Their plane crashes.
They enter a desert.
The group happens upon the town.
Where the Forty Thieves attack.
The Thieves abduct Olive and Wimpy.
Abu Hassan leaves Popeye hanging after failing to win a battle of wits with him.
Popeye manages to break free and takes a camel .
Where  failing to remember the magic word.
Popeye sneaks past the guards and attempts to free Olive and Wimpy.
He confronts Abu Hassan and demands.
He give the Forty Thieves  stolen jewels back.
He is apprehended and thrown.
Popeye tangles the shark s teeth together.
The shark goes back down.
Popeye then produces his spinach  opening it.
Can open sez me.
The Thieves and Hassan are chained and made to drag a cart filled  back to town.
Where the townspeople await them.
Popeye turns and sings   I may be a shorty/but.
The film irises out.
I licked the Forty/I m Popeye the Sailor man.
<EOS>
Ali a single mother finds herself broke  desperate and homeless.
She reluctantly seeks out the only living relative.
She knows  her father Tan.
To earn enough money to be she accepts a job in her father s bird shop  but not without the resistance of the shop s manager Liz  a manipulative and protective middle-aged British woman.
Tan begins with his new grandson  teaching him about the beauty of Singapore s traditional songbird culture.
Liz and Ali clash.
Jonah crawls out of his shell and finds a connection with the outside world  drawing him further from his mother s hold  and deeper into Tan s world.
Ali s soon finds.
Herself caught  as she realizes her father has a powerful and profound effect on her son.
Ali decides to let Tan and Jonah bond.
Tan mysteriously becomes cold and distant.
As she feared.
Ali s feelings of childhood rejection resurface  sending her into a quest for the truth of their past.
But the truth is not always easy to face.
He left the family is revealed.
<EOS>
Andre Stander is an officer  newly married with a reputation.
The youngest captain are assigned along with other officers to riot duty in the wake of the Soweto uprising.
Stander shoots a young  unarmed protester.
Deeply affects him and causes him to become disillusioned.
One day break  he thoroughly enjoys the rush and decides to embark on a spree of robberies  even responding to one in official capacity as an officer.
Stander decides to spontaneously walk in and rob a bank.
Cor Van Deventer  Stander s partner  leads a team assigned to take down the new bank robber.
Eventually being able to see  Deventer s team finally makes.
The arrest  Andre Stander is stripped and sentenced to 32 years in prison.
Lee McCall and Allan Heyl  quickly fosters a friendship.
Stander meets two other men.
Whom he.
The trio have grand plans.
What they will do when they get out.
When they do they will come back.
Stander and McCall go to play a rugby game with other prisoners  during the game and relieve the guards of their weapons.
They feign serious injury and are taken.
Shortly.
Stander and McCall return.
The risks increase exponentially.
The robberies continue.
Come. 
The so-called Stander Gang is being relentlessly pursued under none other than Cor Van Deventer.
Left a women shot.
Lead. 
Their luck is running out as they become increasingly more reckless.
Deciding comes up.
It would be best to cut their losses and settle down Stander.
Hours is to take place Stander returns to Tembisa to make his final peace with the father of the protester.
He killed  and is instead beaten by the boy s father.
He and Heyl see.
McCall becomes infuriated.
If they were to have gone  he s right.
1984  the gang begins to organize their exit strategy.
Heyl plans to go  however McCall s plans are cut short.
When a squad surround the safehouse.
She had become pregnant.
Driving to see McCall  Heyl tells Stander a story.
The two were living together.
When police saw this they beat her.
Heyl thanks Stander.
McCall get their revenge  and.
The last six months had been the time and his friend s lives.
Meanwhile back McCall scrambles for an escape.
Realizing  Stander and Heyl pull up just to see McCall gunned down by police.
There is no way out he decides to grab two pistols and begin shooting.
A police chase ensues.
They drive.
The Porsche is severely damaged  leading Stander and Heyl to steal another vehicle and drive off.
Heyl and Stander part ways to go off and escape South Africa  Stander goes and is followed by numerous police.
Where he is forced to show identification.
Deventer frantically rushes to see  but stops.
It is Stander.
Stander is allowed to leave.
Finally arriving  Stander is unable to remain inactive for.
When he hotwires a Mercury Cougar and runs a red light.
Leading them  Stander exits his vehicle and begins to disobey the officer s orders  prompting the officer s partner to grab a shotgun and threaten Stander with it.
Stander disarms the partner only to be shot multiple times.
<EOS>
Kristen  Joey  and Kincaid have been released and are now living normal lives and attending high school.
Kristen has managed to make some new friends  Alice Johnson  a young  bright girl and a frequent daydreamer  Sheila Kopecky  a brainy  quiet girl  and Debbie Stevens  a tough girl.
Who hates bugs.
She has also found herself a boyfriend  Rick  a martial arts enthusiast.
Who is also Alice s brother.
Kristen begins to have bad dreams and feels.
Though Freddy has once again come back.
She pulls Kincaid and Joey into her dream.
She explores the deserted Elm Street house.
The boys try to convince her.
Freddy has not come back  and puts her hand  showing that the boiler room is empty and cold.
Kincaid s dog Jason then jumps out and bites Kristen s arm.
Kristen wakes up and discovers the bite marks.
Kincaid wakes up and sees blood dripping.
The next day  Kincaid and Joey confront Kristen about pulling them into the dream.
Kincaid wakes up one night and finds himself locked.
He realizes.
When he opens the hood.
He is that Freddy s body was buried in.
Kincaid spies his dog  Jason  digging and urinating fire nearby.
Freddy then resurrects and goes after Kincaid.
Freddy traps and kills Kincaid.
Kincaid unsuccssessfully tries to kill him.
Later that night  Joey finds a naked woman swimming.
Freddy bursts out seconds later and kills him.
The following day is concerned.
When her friends fail to show up.
She confides about nightmares.
Kristen hits her head and passes out  being attacked but revived in time.
When she discovers both were killed.
Kristen goes  with Rick  Dan  and Alice.
She learns.
Rick tells Dan the story.
Alice reveals a part by the name of The Dream Master.
Alice suggests to Kristen.
She is.
However  Alice also looks down and sees something  a sidewalk chalk drawing of the house.
Only Kristen has been able to see.
Clearly  she senses something.
That night  her mother secretly slips a sedative into her drink to forcibly put her to sleep.
Kristen replies angrily  and runs upstairs in fear.
She quickly falls asleep.
She tries to convert nightmares into pleasant dreams.
This works.
She proceeds to dream.
Freddy appears and ruins everything  eventually taking Kristen.
She meets a child named Alice creating a sand castle.
It is explained.
Kristen is the last child.
Freddy needs her help to get more children.
Freddy taunts her long enough to make her scream.
Alice appears suddenly.
Kristen tries to get her up but to no avail.
Krueger attempts to kill Kristen s friend  but she jumps in front of Alice.
Freddy throws Kristen and collects her soul along with the other Dream Warriors.
She sends her power to pull people  to Alice s body.
Kristen dies.
Alice awakens immediately  realizing.
Kristen is.
She and Rick both quickly make their way.
Outside  they see flames coming.
They are too late to save her.
Her friends begin to die.
Alice tries to understand what has happened  and exactly who Freddy is.
The next day   Alice falls asleep in class and accidentally pulls Sheila into her dream.
Taking a test.
Where Freddy is waiting.
He traps Alice and taunts Sheila before sucking all the air out of her mouth.
She can not help her friend and torments.
Alice awakens  only to discover Sheila having an asthma attack.
Sheila then dies.
Her inhaler ultimately fails.
Later  Rick finds himself fighting an invisible Freddy and seems to win.
When he knocks his glove off.
The glove stirs and soon launches and stabs him in the stomach.
Alice picks up new talents and traces of the former owner s personality.
She also picks up the dream powers.
Who have died.
She is obviously Freddy s supernatural opposite  albeit too weak to truly conquer or even resist him yet.
Alice teams up with Dan Jordan.
Who was one.
Alice tries to get to Debbie  their last surviving friend.
Freddy finds her.
Unbeknown  Freddy is able to control their movements.
Trapping Alice and Dan  Freddy is able to reach Debbie and kill her by transforming her into a cockroach and trapping her inside a roach motel and then crushing her.
Alice and Dan can intervene.
Where Dan is injured and rushed.
Alice goes to sleep to help Dan.
Freddy can kill him.
Search for Freddy  Dan is injured.
Right the doctors wake Dan.
He is pulled.
Alice  facing Freddy alone  attempts to use all against him.
The fight is relatively equal.
That she has a mortal body.
He does not  giving him the advantage.
It is an advantage.
Proves nearly too great to overcome.
He declares.
He has been guarding his gate.
But  she recalls the final verse.
As he is preparing to kill her.
Someone defeats Freddy  by using the power of the spell to make him see the evil.
Is inside.
Using her power  Alice releases the tortured souls.
Freddy imprisoned.
Krueger s clothes fall lifelessly.
Alice kicks his glove.
The film ends at a fountain some time later.
Dan tosses a coin.
Alice briefly sees  Alice brushes this off.
The coin falls.
The reflection appear.
She and Dan walk.
<EOS>
A young man joins a traveling show.
He is lured and is soon an important fixture at conjuring acts and disappearing acts.
Firth s character  young Richard Herncastle  sees.
The whole wide world shows with which the magic act travels  just as his uncle Nick has promised -- hilarity  beauty  love  lust  fear  despair.
Richard comes.
As the world enters the fateful year -- the outbreak of World War I  when the greatest of all disappearing acts becomes imminent  the disappearance of millions.
The series has the second to last appearance as a fading comedian named Harry Burrard.
Who has long since lost his audience and his comic abilities.
Harry should have retired years.
His brain is collapsing.
The role is a sort  from The Entertainer.
<EOS>
Priya Amal Raj loses her mother.
She is friendly  outspoken  sensitive  yet precocious.
Priya is brought up.
Who is a clothing industrialist.
Hood priya is interested in singing  music and church.
Thomas Thanga Durai  a polite  well mannered NRI business man  returns to look.
His father s Thanga Durai s business.
Thanga Durai is a former associate  and now establishes his own business empire in the same vicinity  opposite to Amal Raj s factory.
He boasts.
However  Amal Raj dislikes Thanga Durai s ill mannered  clumsy and bizarre antics.
Thomas and Priya have known each other.
Thomas  happens to meet Priya  mother superior a nun in that school church.
When he goes.
Thomas takes Priya s help.
Thomas falls in love with priya but is unable to confess his love for her.
Priya has been brought up and wants to become a nun  much to the horror of Thomas and Priyas father.
Thomas friend Shiva takes him to hairstylist Deva.
Who is notorious.
Deva befriends priya to change her mind.
Priya performs singing at a Gala along with deva s troupe.
Puts the troupe.
Deva requests Priya agrees.
To join his aspiring music troop and help them achieve the group s aspiration for a film audition and priya.
Deva play tricks to make Priya fall in love with Thomas  but fails to turn Priya s mind towards Thomas.
Instead  Deva himself falls with Priya.
She reciprocates.
Complications arise.
When Priya falls instead.
Thomas confesses his love to priya and reveals the shocking truth behind Deva s association with priya.
Torn decides to vow for Nun trainee and fails to fulfill her promise for the group s music audition.
Thomas realises this and sacrifices his love.
Thomas and his Aunt convince priya out and marry Deva.
Thomas becomes a church priest.
He naturally leads a life to the poor  sacrifice and mental chastity.
<EOS>
Mazha tells the immaculate love story.
The film begins.
Her creative talents start to flourish  under his influence.
Sastrigal is not much aware and considers her only as his talented student.
Coming to know  her parents took her with them.
Sastrigal is obliged to marry his Murappennu.
Bhadra becomes a doctor and is married.
Who is a computer engineer.
Chandran happens to see her diary one day.
The relationship goes.
There are no names in the diary.
So he goes off to doubt every male - including the elderly senior doctor Thilakan.
He becomes a victim and dies of related illness.
Bhadra sets out in search of Sastrigal to Madurai - his wife is a mental patient.
Where she discovers that Sastrigal also has lost much.
The final shock is.
When she finds out that Sastrigal has lost his beautiful voice.
<EOS>
The plot revolves.
Who learns that he is the key to saving the world from an evil plot.
Tee joins the secret organization and embarks on a quest to attempt to recover the lost treasures inside the fabled Lost Storehouse of Archimedes.
The plot is markedly similar.
Who is really the lost heir.
Who is himself really a spy  and who suspects the boy s true identity.
The cinematic accomplishments are decidedly meager  such as the completely unexplained casting of David Warner as both the hero s mentor and the chief villain  in addition to providing the narration.
The dialogue is decidedly campy.
The movie has a definite low-budget atmosphere.
Also noteworthy is the extreme confusion.
The film displays.
The story would seem to take place  however  a number of plot elements contradict this.
Vultare s henchmen wear headgear strongly resembling Viking helmets.
Leonardo da Vinci  a figure  appears as a major character in the plot.
Finally  Leonardo and Tee are searching.
Whose storehouse one might reasonably think unlikely to be found.
A document held is also clearly held together by staples.
A large portion was filmed at the Renaissance Pleasure Faire in Black Point  Novato  California.
Performers were employed as extras in various scenes throughout.
Exterior scenes were filmed at the Palace of Fine Arts  San Francisco  California.
Exterior scenes were filmed at Petaluma Adobe State Park  Petaluma  California.
Some interior scenes were filmed at the Scottish Rite Temple  Oakland  California.
The opening theme is a re-use film Battle Beyond the Stars.
<EOS>
The Last Days summarizes the events.
Occurred  September 15  2008  when Lehman declared bankruptcy.
Investment bank Lehman Brothers is after a turbulent six months.
Which their real estate investments have lost billions  causing steep drops in Lehman s stock.
Lehman s boss  Dick Fuld   is himself growing desperate.
Who brought the firm.
Fuld s plan to spin off the company s bad assets does not satisfy investors.
Lehman stock drops week.
Fuld s only remaining solution is to have Lehman acquired.
Both Bank are interested in purchasing the firm but are dissuaded.
So much are toxic  worthless.
Lehman s problems have put the US government.
The collapse would have catastrophic economic repercussions well beyond the firm itself.
The government turns for help.
There is no political support.
Late  a Friday  the leaders of the top investment banks on Wall Street  Lehman s competitors  are summoned to the Federal Reserve Bank of New York.
American Treasury Secretary Hank Paulson warns the incredulous group.
Lehman is not too big to fail and that there will be no bailout using public money.
Instead  Paulson cajoles.
The bank heads to work out some joint plan to relieve Lehman of its toxic assets  warning them that the steep price they would pay to save Lehman would be easily outweighed by the cost of its failure.
He also intimidates.
The bank heads.
A solution must be found.
Trading opens morning.
Evening  Bank of America begins stalling the deal  noting.
Lehman s valuation puts them underwater.
Fuld must now depend.
He is clearly growing more desperate.
Retaining hopes  Fuld has the firm s attorney Harvey R.
Bank will change its mind.
Miller begin drafting a bankruptcy petition.
Lehman s assets are subject to valuation by analysts from other firms.
The analysts spend the night poring over boxes.
Calculation is made extremely difficult.
Much are based on collateralized debt obligation instruments whose value is difficult to assess.
Discussion continue.
John Thain pulls out of Paulson s bailout group  telling Paulson.
His company is.
Bank is free to consider acquiring Merrill Lynch.
They are no longer committed.
Desperately needs the deal.
Thain has little incentive to continue participating.
The prospect makes it less likely that Merrill will need help from the Fed.
He learns.
Thain leaves.
Whose credit default swaps insure half.
Morning  Fuld receives word.
Barclays has agreed to acquire Lehman Brothers  saving it.
Jubilation is.
Barclays can not guarantee Lehman s debts until its own shareholders vote on the matter.
That will not happen - beyond the Monday morning deadline.
Paulson reiterates  not even it will take for Barclays s shareholders to vote.
The Fed will not back-stop Lehman.
Lehman has no choice.
To file.
Lehman s CFO signs the petition just minutes.
A devastated Fuld leaves his office.
Lehman s now unemployed staff cleans out their desks.
A voice-over notes.
The Fed did bailout firms that faced collapse.
<EOS>
A bullock cart rolled.
A full moon shone overhead.
Sitting the villagers talked and sang happily.
A journey was.
The driver of the cart it was the journey of his life.
He felt with himself and his surroundings.
He stirred the bullock cart.
But.
Gives way.
His bullock cart found itself with the advent of more efficient and faster bus service.
All preferred the new transport service to Maguni s bullock cart.
Trapped  Maguni chooses the latter at great cost.
However  neither time nor the taunts break his spirit.
Alone and hurt  Maguni continues.
His journey and at last his family   are reduced to starvation.
Starvation forces Maguni to part for survival.
But the temporary respite fails to save Maguni and his eternal faith to crumble.
Its finale shows an elegiac end.
<EOS>
Kevin  Brian  Chris  Darick and Eddie are childhood friends.
They are.
Working low paid blue collar jobs and occasional small criminal offenses or illegally providing liquor for parties.
They cook up a scheme to make extra money.
Involves prostitution.
They start then the business gets bigger with more girls.
They find some drug dealer  named Nate.
Nate gets more expensive.
They get richer.
One night Chris and Sienna meet.
Who likes Sienna.
Both smoke crack.
He kills her.
The police arrive and arrest him and Chris.
He is involved.
Include prostitution  drug-dealing  possession etc.
He could face 10 years.
Brian arrives to visit Chris.
Who tells him that the cops will reduce his sentence.
Brian tries to convince Chris.
If he does this  Nate will hunt him down.
Chris does nt care.
Meanwhile  Brian gets addicted.
Brian plans to kill Chris.
Who sticks a knife but does not kill him.
Chris tells the police.
His other friends tell him.
Sienna dead  so they go.
Darick is killed.
Brian tries to kill Kevin unsuccessfully.
Kevin took a plane out  with his girlfriend catching up with him later  having been shot by Brian in an attempt to kill the couple.
She goes and catches the next flight.
The police then raid Brian s house.
Brian burns all and tries to flush the drugs down the toilet.
The cops turn off the water supply  knowing.
Brian is planning.
A helicopter surrounds his house.
They order Brian to surrender.
Brian grabs his M16 and fires.
A shootout occurs.
Brian runs to his bedroom to grab his pistol.
He calls his mother and apologizes he chose.
She sees him.
Brian walks outside.
Cops order him to drop the weapon.
They will shoot.
Brian surrenders.
Nate   shoots and kills him so Brian wo nt tell the cops.
When he is trying to drop his guns.
Who gave him the drugs.
The police  amazed  did nt see.
Who kills him.
Brian s mother is shown in the cemetery with Eddie and Chris.
Who is still incarcerated and uses a wheelchair.
Kevin and his girlfriend are somewhere away  but still send letters to Eddie.
Finally   he says.
He did nt want to be involved because they reached a very high point but finally went to a bridge to nowhere.
<EOS>
Carson portrays Dexter Jackson  a young  black deliveryman.
Who aspires to become a news reporter.
Jackson gets.
What he considers his big break  when he drives up.
Dexter steps in and confronts the.
When the reporter is killed.
Who threatens to kill himself.
However  Dexter talks the man.
Ratings-Obsessed executive producer Kate Penndragin later offers Dexter a reporter position.
A recurring gag involves Jackson seeing himself on TV with notably different facial features  i.
E. 
Thinner lips  straight hair  and a lighter complexion.
He begins questioning  he wonders.
Kate tries to transform Dexter s urban image.
Whether he s starting to sell out as he becomes more and more successful.
Whether becoming successful also means becoming white.
He also starts forgetting.
Dexter begins to fulfill his dream.
Where he came.
He alienates those close with tabloid-style expose stories  i.
E. 
A local barber s illegal numbers racket  and a restaurant s unhealthy cooking styles.
Dexter loses his fiance Toynelle in him spending the night with ditzy weather forecaster  Missy Carnes.
Dexter also betrays his best friend Baker Moon.
Baker winds up.
Kate promotes Dexter to lead anchor and teams him with Missy  much to his chagrin.
Kate also arranges a live marriage.
She plans to exploit.
However   Dexter comes to his senses and calls off the wedding  deciding to go back to Toynelle.
He also makes amends.
He stepped over  just to become successful.
Dexter finally reaches his goal  becoming co-anchor at News 4 Atlanta  alongside Clifford Worthy.
<EOS>
Mr Watkins narrates.
Dorlock Holmes live.
Holmes is busily engaged in deduction -- tax deduction   hoping to write off such costs as taxi fares  to and from murders.
Is. 
A mailman falls into their flat.
A type chides him for not fixing the step.
Holmes attributes it to curare.
The letter identifies.
There is a criminal.
Holmes and Watkins go.
Where the Slasher is known to hang out.
Holmes  attempts to gather clues land darts.
Holmes repeatedly tries to deal and cajoles and threatens him  but he proves much stronger and always injures Holmes  meanwhile  Watkins speaks reasonably to the suspect.
When the Shropshire Slasher is finally revealed.
He not only willing divulges his identity but is peacefully persuaded to turn himself.
Just then  a woman arrives selling flowers.
Holmes accuses her and threatens to arrest her.
The Shropshire Slasher moans Mother.
The Shropshire Slasher and his mother then leave.
Watkins asks a beat-up looking Holmes.
What school he learned to be a detective.
Holmes answers  Elementary  my dear Watkins.
Elementary.
<EOS>
Hum Se Badkar Kaun is an Action film starring Mithun Chakraborty  Amjad Khan well supported.
<EOS>
A pelican magically changes his appearance.
He walks and acts somewhat oddly.
At first he does not know much about humans  but he learns fast.
He rents an apartment and gets a job.
The 10-year old boy Emil finds out.
He is a pelican.
They become friends.
The pelican man is sent.
Emil helps him escape.
Then the pelican man changes back.
<EOS>
The storyline follows the grisly fates.
They are repeatedly raped.
<EOS>
Alec McNeil is an ex-FBI agent haunted.
But  McNeil considers.
When brutal criminal mastermind Stein Kruger and a group takes over a chemical plant and threatens to release a cloud of nerve gas over the city of Los Angeles  holding McNeil s father hostage in the process.
Enough is enough.
McNeil launches a single-handed effort to stop the nerve gas release and bring Kruger to his knees.
<EOS>
A couple s attempts at a fulfilling and consummated romantic relationship are continually thwarted by the bourgeois values and sexual mores of Family  Church  and Society.
The woman sublimates her sexual passion by fellating the toe of a religious statue.
The final vignette is an allusion of Sodom  the intertitle reads  120 Days of Depraved Acts  about an orgy in a castle.
Wherein the surviving orgiasts are ready to emerge.
Emerges the bearded and berobed Duc de Blangis Jesus  the Christ.
Who greatly resembles.
Who comforts a young woman who has run out  before he takes her back inside.
Afterwards  a woman s scream is heard.
Only the Duc.
He is beardless.
The concluding image is a crucifix festooned  to the accompaniment of jovial music  the scalps sway in the wind.
<EOS>
Thirumurthy and Gurumurthy are two brothers  with Thirumurthy being the elder.
He is however sensitive.
Is brave and rogue.
He has Gurumurthy to finish them.
Whenever Thirumurthy is beaten.
However  Gurumurthy gets frequently punished for beating up the local people.
Thirumurthy only feels.
The now grown-up Thirumurthy takes on the same job by request of Gurumurthy.
Who remains a jobless rogue.
Meanwhile  Thirumurthy falls.
Vasanthi and Gurumurthy falls.
Subsequently  Thirumurthy marries Vasanthi and both the brothers shift.
A number follow  such as Jayanthi s to-be husband.
Is actually revealed to be a clumsy NRI.
Who she disapproves.
She openly expresses her love.
Hence he subsequently marries her.
The NRI  heartbroken takes leave.
Thirumurthy rises by having his younger brother secretly punish suspects and save victims for him.
This angers one Annachi.
Who begins to seek revenge.
He has his men to severely beat up Thirumurthy  making the latter confident.
His brother will continue his job.
Gurumurthy  now enraged  claims.
He made his elder brother  but to overcome the fears he had and to become stronger.
Thus  he begins training up his elder brother.
Who subsequently loses his fear and manages to defeat a few.
Eventually  Annachi and his men break.
Thirumurthy and Gurumurthy arrive and defeat all  however they seem to be no match for Annachi.
He is defeated.
After Annachi falls.
The two brothers quarrel or arrest him.
Whether to kill him.
Thus  Gurumurthy declares.
They will role a gun.
They will arrest Annachi.
When the gun stops rolling.
Bu  he will be killed.
It stops.
The gun stops rolling.
Thirumurthy shoots him dead.
Scenes show.
Thirumurthy is again congratulated  but gives equal credit to his brother as well.
Gurumurthy also gets to join the police force.
<EOS>
Three sisters  Veronica  Victoria and Elizabeth  receive letters informing them of their father s wish.
They spend three nights on an isolated island.
His will can be read.
They and their husbands William  Richard and Donald are met there.
A hunchback named Colin.
Whom the audience has already seen murdering two people.
Colin becomes angry and catches and eats a live rabbit.
Helping. 
The remains are later found in Veronica.
William s bed  along Blessed are the meek.
They shall inherit.
Victoria and Robert find.
Someone has painted a large ` X.
Robert and Donald go downstairs to investigate.
Donald collapses.
Robert investigates the cellar and sees someone.
He recognises.
Shortly afterward  Victoria finds his body hanging.
The next morning   Ruth asks Martha.
Discussing what happened.
She had tied that night.
Colin attempts to tell Victoria something but is interrupted and sent to chop firewood in the cellar with Donald.
Donald finds a plank with a bloody ` X  on it  but is attacked from behind  gagged and bound to a workbench before being disemboweled and cut in two by a hooded figure.
The guests ask about Donald and Elizabeth s whereabouts.
Elizabeth s severed head is.
When dinner is served.
William goes to investigate and finds a box and a photograph.
Colin steals the photo  however.
William is then attacked and killed.
Later  Martha finds Colin and realises.
What it means  but is killed.
Colin tries to escape  but is set alight.
It is revealed.
Ruth is.
She had planned to kill the others and blame Colin.
That she could claim the inheritance.
Colin is still alive  however  and pushes her  causing her hatchet to bury itself in her head.
The two remaining sisters  Veronica and Victoria  are left.
<EOS>
Pitoeng is a Muslim bandit.
He steals.
<EOS>
On the tramp steamer Ville de Nancy just before the defeat of France by the Germans  five convicts are found adrift in a small canoe in the Caribbean Sea.
Marius  Garou  Petit  Renault and their leader  Matrac were taken aboard.
Where they tell Captain Patain Malo the story from the French prison colony at Cayenne in French Guiana.
They had been recruited to fight for France in her hour of need.
The inmates recount Matrac s troubles to convince the old man to choose Matrac to lead the escape.
A crusading newspaper publisher  Matrac had been framed to shut him up.
The Ville de Nancy nears the port of Marseille  France has surrendered to Nazi Germany.
A collaborationist Vichy government has been set up.
The captain secretly decides not to deliver his valuable cargo to the Germans.
Pro-Vichy passenger Major Duval organizes an attempt to seize control  but is defeated  in great part due to the escapees.
The convicts join the Free French forces.
When they reach England.
Matrac becomes a gunner.
His wife Paula and their son   live.
Whom he has never seen.
He flies over their house and drops a letter.
However   there is no message  Matrac has been killed in combat.
Free French Captain Freycinet relates.
<EOS>
Ali   tries to survive from the big ice cream brands.
Who is ice cream salesman.
He tours the village.
Trying to promote his ice cream.
However the naughty boys.
Who are chasing him to have free ice cream.
He is away.
Still repaying the debts  Ali becomes furious and accuses the big ice cream brands of stealing the car.
Order to destroy him.
He starts investigating the theft.
All are enjoying their free ice cream.
<EOS>
Constance  Countess  and her lady s maid  Mary Maceachran travel to Gosford Park for the weekend.
They encounter actor Ivor Novello  American film producer Morris Weissman and Weissman s valet  Henry Denton.
They are greeted by Sir William McCordle  Lady Sylvia McCordle and their daughter  Isobel.
The other guests include Lady Sylvia s sisters  Louisa  Lady Stockbridge and Lady Lavinia Meredith and their husbands  Raymond  Lord Stockbridge and Commander Anthony Meredith.
Are the Honourable Freddie Nesbitt and his wife  Mabel  Isobel s suitor  Lord Rupert Standish and his friend Jeremy Blond.
Commander Meredith is and brings up the matter with Sir William.
Who reveals that he is rescinding his investment.
Sir William also intends to stop paying Lady Trentham s allowance.
Mary and Lord Stockbridge s valet  Parks are attracted.
Denton asks a number.
Parks reveals.
He was raised.
Denton meets Lady Sylvia.
He goes to her room.
Sir William is slightly injured by a low shot.
Commander Meredith pleads not to back out of the investment.
Lady Sylvia attacks Sir William  implying.
He was a World War I profiteer.
The head housemaid  Elsie  rises  thus revealing their affair.
Sir William goes.
Where the housekeeper  Mrs Wilson brings him coffee.
He demands a glass instead.
Lady Sylvia asks Mr Novello to entertain the guests.
George  Parks  Mr Nesbitt and Commander Meredith disappear and an unknown man goes and stabs Sir William.
Commander Meredith and Mr Nesbitt do not offer an explanation.
George was fetching milk.
Parks was fetching hot water bottles.
Lady Stockbridge goes.
Her screams bring everyone.
Inspector Thomson and Constable Dexter arrive to investigate the murder.
Dexter suggests.
Sir William was already dead when he was stabbed.
Denton confesses.
He is not a valet.
The next morning  Lady Sylvia goes.
Surprises Inspector Thomson.
Barnes overhears Commander Meredith tell Lady Lavinia.
Sir William s death was lucky  as the investment is now secure.
Barnes tells Inspector Thomson.
Who interrogates Meredith.
Mrs Croft tells the kitchen maid  Bertha.
Sir William was known.
Sir William offered two choices  keep the baby and lose your job  or give the baby up and keep your job.
A woman became pregnant.
Those were told.
Who gave up their babies.
The adoptions were being arranged.
Sir William paid orphanages to take the children.
Mary goes and tells him.
She knows he is the murderer.
Parks tells her.
He discovered Sir William was his father  entered service and attempted to gain employment.
Parks tells Mary.
He did not poison Sir William and Mary is relieved  as Parks only stabbed the corpse.
Mary listens discussing.
Mrs Croft and Mrs Wilson are enemies.
Lady Sylvia believes.
The tension stems from the fact that Mrs Wilson now outranks Mrs Croft.
Lady Trentham asks.
Mrs Wilson was ever married.
Lady Sylvia replies.
Her name was once Parks or Parker.
Mary goes.
The older woman reveals.
She poisoned Sir William to protect her son  as she knew that Parks was there to kill Sir William.
She also reveals.
She and Mrs Croft are sisters.
Mrs Wilson goes to her room and is comforted by Mrs Croft.
The guests leave.
Lady Sylvia enters Gosford Park.
Jennings closes the door.
<EOS>
One morning Josh sees.
What appears to be a kidnapping.
Josh gives chase and almost catches him.
When he is clotheslined.
Denham explains  he was attempting to flee arrest  accused.
Shaw was nt being kidnapped.
Josh tells the Tower staff and explains.
He gave Shaw their pension fund to invest.
Their money is gone.
Lester attempted suicide after losing everything he had.
Shaw expresses condolences but appears insincere.
Josh responds.
The windows has on display in his apartment.
The building s General Manager is furious and fires Josh  Charlie and Enrique.
Josh meets Denham.
She invites him to get drunk.
Shaw must have had a cash safety net and suggests.
They drink she says.
He find and steal it.
Josh gathers Charlie  Enrique  and former Tower tenant Mr Fitzhugh to draw up a plan to steal Shaw s money.
Josh enlists his neighbor and childhood playmate  a petty criminal named Slide  to help.
When Charlie brings up the obvious drawback that they are not thieves.
Slide trains the team but realizes.
He can not do the robbery because he does nt know how to crack the safe apartment.
They bring.
Whose family ran a locksmith business.
Later on  Charlie tells Josh  and warns Josh to stay away.
He s been rehired.
He will have him arrested.
Denham then tells Josh.
A hearing has been scheduled for Thanksgiving during the Macy s Thanksgiving Day Parade to avoid publicity.
Shaw will go free.
Josh and his team decide to break during the parade.
The team reaches Shaw s apartment  breaks down a false wall and finds Shaw s safe  Odessa opens the safe but finds it empty.
Slide and Fitzhugh struggle  the gun goes off.
A bullet hits the car  revealing gold.
They realize.
Shaw invested his cash  had the gold melted down and cast into car parts  and then assembled the car in his apartment where the gold would be hidden in plain sight.
Josh finds a ledger in the car s glove box.
They lower the car out the window  and then take it down to the lobby on top of an elevator.
The Thanksgiving court date being another set up  and take the same elevator back up.
As they reach the lobby Agent Denham and Shaw return.
Denham sees Shaw s safe and informs him.
He did not declare the safe.
She has him remanded back.
Denham sees Lester using a stolen truck to try to escape.
She catches up  assuming.
He is fleeing  but finds the truck empty.
The FBI arrests him and Josh s other accomplices.
She personally handcuffs Josh and privately congratulates him.
Miss Iovenko arrives  telling the FBI.
Josh is being questioned.
She passed her bar exam three days ago and is acting.
She shows them Shaw s ledger and tells them she will turn it over.
The FBI accepts.
Josh  being the primary conspirator  must serve a minimal two-year sentence.
The team retrieves the car and send various parts of the car to Tower employees to compensate for their lost pensions.
Josh is booked  a satisfied smile slowly forming on his face.
<EOS>
The crew finds a 150-mile long spaceship hidden in the corona of the comet.
Investigating Halley s Comet.
The crew finds hundreds of dead  shrivelled bat-like creatures and three naked humanoid bodies in suspended animation within glass coffin-like containers.
The crew recovers the three aliens and begins the return trip.
Mission control loses contact with the shuttle.
It nears Earth and a rescue mission is launched to investigate.
The rescuers discover.
The Churchill has been severely damaged  with its internal components destroyed.
The three containers bearing the aliens are all.
Remain intact.
The aliens are taken in London.
Where they are watched over.
The female alien awakens and sucks the titular life force out of a guard.
The female then escapes the research facility and proceeds to drain various other humans  also revealing an ability to.
And seek.
Order to absorb their life force  thereby perpetuating the zombie virus.
The absorbed life force consumed is collected by the male vampires to deliver to the female vampire.
Who then transfers the accumulated energy.
Fallada manages to impale one with a sword made of leaded iron and surmises.
The space vampire race is actually the origin.
Carlsen then admits to Caine.
Whilst  he felt compelled to open the female vampire s container and to share his life force with her.
Carlsen realizes.
His psychic connection is being used to lure him back so she can regain the life force shared with him earlier.
She is later found lying  transferring the energy from infected humans to her spaceship.
Caine follows Carlsen and is intercepted by the second male vampire.
Whom he dispatches using the leaded iron sword obtained.
Caine relocates Carlsen manages to impale himself and the female alien simultaneously as a sacrifice for the benefit of Earth.
However  the female vampire is only wounded and returns.
Destroys the top.
The two ascend the column.
Leads. 
<EOS>
A big city.
The State Forces were disbanded and replaced by a central one.
The police now had more powers.
The crime rate continued to escalate.
Though  life went on.
It was an uneasy calm.
Aamir had just turned.
He is.
The only colour was his obsession for Neeta  an older  more pragmatic woman.
Who did not quite feel the same.
One night   Neeta is gang raped by a local boss  Hassan Karmali and his friends  with Aamir watching helplessly.
Unknown  an off-duty police officer is a silent witness to the incident.
Frustrated  possessed  Aamir has to find release.
He leaves home  Ironically  he turns.
Kapoor  pretending to be unaware agrees to help Aamir.
Aamir now feels.
He has a friend.
Till one day  realizing the truth he is shattered.
S.
I.
Kapoor is suspended.
His life begins.
Now alone  frightened   he sees in Aamir the means to fulfill his dark  unresolved dreams.
Together they set.
Kapoor the embittered cop becomes a dark mentor.
Neeta  unaware  has decided to put her past behind her.
She begins  slowly but painfully  to reconstruct her life.
Meanwhile  Aamir slips - a road to certain doom.
Theirs is a war.
Has no glory.
Amidst the lies  sometimes the only truth is in madness  in losing control.
<EOS>
Megan has been distraught.
Megan reluctantly decides to go.
When it comes time to a lake house in the bayous of Louisiana with her friends.
Megan soon begins to suspect.
The five friends arrive.
Her dead sister is trying to communicate as the solstice -- the time when our world and the next are closest -- approaches.
She sees numerous shadow-like figures  mud runs.
Megan is followed.
She keeps getting rid.
Megan has a nightmare  the key chain appears.
Megan   goes outside  wraps a white cloth around the key chain and buries it.
Should expel the spirit.
She goes.
Mud runs appears.
The key chain is lying.
It disappears again.
Megan goes running.
She trips over a hole  and cracks her nail.
She meets Leonard again.
She limps back.
She sees a hat identical to Sophie s.
The next day  the day  after recovering from her fall  she walks down to Leonard s house.
She finds several large knives  and farming equipment.
She looks around  and finds a young girl s bedroom.
Megan notices a cutting from a newspaper regarding Malin s disappearance.
Leonard arrives home.
Megan has to jump out.
Back  Nick comes for dinner on the night before the solstice.
Megan tells him.
Is Sophie s ghost.
What she believes.
All six go into the lake in the underwear.
Nick calls forth the spirit.
Then drags Megan.
She sees more visions.
Her friends try to get her out.
They all get out afterwards.
Megan realizes  but Malin s.
The ghost is not that.
She takes Nick.
She encountered earlier  when she fell over.
The other friends all follow.
Nick and Megan get split up.
Christian almost shoots Nick.
Megan then digs  and finds.
The key is for Malin s bicycle  which was buried with her.
They then call the police.
Christian than admits and hit Malin.
The year were going for a drive.
Not wanting to be arrested  they buried her.
Sophie then committed suicide.
She could not bear the guilt.
Malin s ghost appears.
Christian runs away.
Malin chases him.
He gets and is hit by the police car.
She can reach him.
Had called out.
The ending shows Megan.
He finds Malin s key chain.
When Leonard arrives home.
Megan and Nick decide to go together.
<EOS>
Clark Griswold  wanting to spend more time Rusty and Audrey  decides to lead the family on a cross-country expedition from Chicago to the Los Angeles amusement park Walley World  billed as America s Favorite Family Fun Park.
Clark insists  so he can bond with his family.
Ellen wants to fly.
He has ordered a new sports wagon for the trip.
Clark is forced to take a failing behemoth Wagon Queen Family Truckster.
When the dealer pulls a bait-and-switch  insisting the sports wagon wo nt be ready.
They have several mishaps.
The family travels.
Louis.
Clark is tempted several times.
They stop to visit Ellen s cousin Catherine and her husband Eddie.
This creates more tension.
Catherine and Eddie foist crotchety old Aunt Edna and her dog Dinky  asking them to drop her off at her son Normy s home in Phoenix.
Clark forgets to untie Dinky from the car s bumper before leaving  killing the dog.
They become stranded.
Ellen and Clark argue.
Clark eventually finds a mechanic.
Scams him out.
Frustrated  they stop   he takes cash from the hotel s cash register but leaves behind the check.
When Clark can not convince a hotel clerk to take a check.
Leaving the Canyon  they find.
Aunt Edna died.
They discover.
When they reach Normy s home.
He is out  and leave Edna s rigor mortised body in the backyard.
Clark is more determined to get to Walley World.
They finally arrive the next day to find the park closed.
Clark  slipping realizing  buys a realistic-looking BB gun pistol and demands  Ellen and kids follow him  attempting to placate their father.
All his efforts have been.
A park security guard Russ Lasky to take them.
Eventually the SWAT team arrives along.
Roy understands Clark s impassioned epitome  bringing back memories of his own childhood years ago.
Roy does not file charges  and lets the family enjoy the park as his guests.
The credits show various photographs.
<EOS>
Nikhil and Reva are two  middle-class citizens.
Both are trying to get a breakthrough.
Nikhil wants to be an actor.
Reva wants to be a choreographer.
Both meet  fall and spend some intimate moments together.
Nikhil tries to help Reva out  things get better.
When he gets his first film offer.
However  Reva refuses his help and wants to make it.
Nikhil has become a huge star.
She eventually gets her first offer to choreograph.
The director wanted to approach Nikhil.
Eventually both drift apart and break up.
Reva finally gets a genuine offer to choreography.
Who really likes her style and work.
Reva has become a huge star.
Soon she is given the offer to work.
The rest focuses on.
Whether Nikhil and Reva can put their differences aside and if they get back together.
<EOS>
Set with the spectre of Nazism on the rise  a young Jew  Philippe Halsman  is accused of patricide after his father s death during a hike through the Alps.
His strained relationship  and the apparent evidence  point towards the son s guilt.
He has been struck.
Halsman is put  in Innsbruck.
Where his case is taken up.
<EOS>
Two women  Loretta  a wealthy amateur photographer  and Bella  a poor but beautiful woman.
Who prowls the docks Ferrari 250 GT California Spyder looking for handsome men.
Who is probably a prostitute  share affections.
He is obsessed.
Who was raped and then committed suicide.
No one knows.
Who committed the rape.
He has sworn to avenge the crime.
He can only figure out who the perpetrator was.
<EOS>
Jass fall s at a friends wedding.
She only wants to marry someone.
Who does nt have a family and is an orphan.
She does nt want to deal.
So to woo her Jass pretends.
She falls with him  but he wo nt agree.
When she tells her brother he forces them to marry right away or else.
So Jass marries Mahi.
Now.
She finds a sublease room and.
S where the comedy begins.
Jass and his best friend Honey cook up several plans to confuse Jass s family.
Jass can live without his family ever finding out.
But his girlfriend Preet in secret because his dad Inspector Sikhander Tiwana wo nt agree to his marriage but Honey tricks Preet s parents into believing.
She s marrying Jass.
Hence a a madcap comedy ensues.
Ultimately the outcome is a comically charged climax.
<EOS>
Typist Lucienne Lulu Garnier mails two photographs of herself to enter the Miss France contest sponsored by the Globe newspaper.
She tries to withdraw.
It is too late  she has already been chosen.
She has to travel immediately to compete for the crown of Miss Europe without having an opportunity to break the news to Andre.
When she wins.
He rushes too late.
When he finds out.
Lucienne is selected to be Miss Europe.
She attracts numerous ardent admirers  a maharajah and Prince Adolphe de Grabovsky.
Andre shows up and gives her an ultimatum  return with him within the hour.
They are through.
She is torn  but chooses him.
However  she is miserable.
She tears up the contract  but later that night  reconsiders and sneaks away to accept  leaving only a letter for Andre.
When Grabovsky tracks her down to offer her a film contract.
She makes a short film.
The studio executives decide to premiere.
Newspaper worker Andre is given the item to typeset.
He goes to see Lucienne  but is told.
She is viewing the film and can not be disturbed.
He sneaks and shoots her in the back  killing her instantly.
Andre drops the gun and makes no resistance.
When apprehended.
Ironically  the film shows Lucienne singing a song.
<EOS>
Daniel Chang is a twenty-something second-generation Chinese-American living.
Who can speak broken English.
Who can not speak English.
He has fulfilled his patriarchal duty by managing the family business and looking after his mother.
Since his father died.
Being gay  he avoids the second major responsibility.
He tries to keep.
His homo life separate.
He is gay.
Where his mother continually pressures him to marry women.
Luckily  Daniel s female friend  Michelle  graciously rescues him by pretending to be his steady girlfriend.
Deflects his need to come out.
Mrs Chang makes playing Mahjong  she also rents out the basement illegally.
Daniel relates.
He was quite happy to leave the previous female tenant alone.
Daniel expects his mother to replace the previous tenant and is astounded.
When the new tenant turns out to be Robert  a young attractive white man.
Daniel immediately has a crush.
Floods the basement.
Is not hers -- Daniel s room.
He bows he is gay and decides to sleep on the living room sofa.
Though reality has merged.
His mother will find out.
Mrs Chang eventually kicks Daniel.
She can watch her late-night TV programs.
He is forced to share his bed.
Daniel manages to be prudish but eventually the two become lovers.
Daniel s fear constantly gets in between his relationship with Robert.
Daniel begins to wish.
The basement repairs would finish soon so they could move their lovemaking.
However  one day Mrs Chang and Grandma return home earlier than expected.
Grandma walks during copulation to offer them mooncakes  one of the few English words.
She knows.
She sheepishly leaves the mooncakes  giving them enough time to roll apart to opposite sides of the bed.
As Mrs Chang walks in.
Daniel quickly chastizes her and makes up the excuse.
He was napping.
Mrs Chang does not seem to notice.
Both he and Robert are naked.
She bluntly tells Robert to move his belongings back that night.
Daniel imagines.
He can finally spend time away from his mother s prying eyes.
The very next day a San Francisco building inspector stops.
Daniel suspects.
His own mother called the inspector  who gives the Chang s a list that would be needed to legally rent the room.
Mrs Chang jumps  arguing with Daniel.
To make Robert move out.
Their argument echoes hears Daniel give in without too much of a fight.
Heartbroken  Robert moves away.
Daniel reaches his breaking point.
Miserable and determined not to be alone forever  he comes out the very next time.
She starts talking.
This time he is direct and asserts.
He wants to be.
Mrs Chang reacts angrily  lecturing Daniel and storming away from him.
She turns to the only other woman.
She knows.
Robert s mother asks Mrs Chang.
It would nt be so bad to have another son  a clever way.
Shortly thereafter  Mrs Chang calls Daniel back home to meet another potential date.
Daniel flips out.
Races back home to stand up.
He opens the door bellowing out  Mother.
Mrs Chang had invited Robert to be part.
<EOS>
New York City waitress Virginia Lewis and her father  Tony  follow.
A Golden Retriever named Prince and enter a magical traveling mirror that sends them to a fairy tale world known as The Nine Kingdoms.
The dog is actually a transformed Prince Wendell  grandson and future leader of the 4th Kingdom.
However  Prince s wicked stepmother.
The Evil Queen has placed an imposter and plans to take over all of the Nine Kingdoms.
Tony and Virginia are desperate to get home  but must face many dangers.
They are accompanied.
Who has fallen with Virginia at first sight.
The group is pursued.
Who works and seeks to capture Prince.
Virginia eventually meets the ghost.
Who reveals she is destined to save the Nine Kingdoms.
Tony also recognizes the Evil Queen.
They travel.
Wolf seems to have betrayed Tony and Virginia.
The Evil Queen has her imposter Prince Wendell crowned king and then tries all the monarchs.
Who attend the ceremony.
Luckily  Wolf switches the poison.
Everyone escapes unharmed.
Virginia must kill the Evil Queen.
Pains her greatly.
The real Prince Wendell turns back and takes the throne.
Prince Wendell offers him a job at the palace.
Tony accepts.
Virginia returns Wolf s love.
They travel.
<EOS>
Nazi Germany is working on terror weapons  the V-1 flying bomb and V-2 rocket.
British Intelligence learns.
Technical problems lead the Germans to create a manned version to ascertain the flight problems of the rocket.
All the test pilots are killed flying it.
Aviatrix Hanna Reitsch successfully flies and lands the V-1  discovering the problem and.
To solve it.
Leads. 
Winston Churchill is concerned about rumours of a German flying bomb and orders.
Duncan Sandys  his son-in-law  one  to investigate.
Sandys is convinced.
The weapons exist.
Sceptical scientific advisor Professor Lindemann dismisses the reports as extremely fanciful.
He is proved wrong.
When V-1s start falling.
Bomber Command launches a raid to destroy the factory producing them.
The Germans move their factory underground ahead with the development and production of the larger  more deadly.
The head learns and decides to infiltrate the factory.
Engineers are actively being recruited for the new weapon.
He finds three qualified volunteers  all experienced engineers.
Who speak fluent German.
They are hastily trained and sent.
Amongst the volunteers interviewed but not selected is a British officer named Bamford.
Who is actually a German undercover agent.
British Intelligence learns.
After the British agents are parachuted.
One  Robert Henshaw  has been given the cover identity of a man wanted by the police for murder.
Sure enough  he is arrested  but released.
However  he is recognised  now working as a security officer.
Refusing to reveal his mission  he is tortured and then shot.
When he refuses to cooperate.
A further complication occurs.
When Nora  the wife  comes to visit her husband to obtain custody of their children.
The wife can compromise the mission.
Innocent. 
Curtis assures Nora.
She will be allowed to rejoin her children.
The German contact  Frieda  kills Nora.
Order to maintain the mission s secrecy  after Curtis leaves.
Who runs the hotel where Curtis is staying.
Curtis and Phil Bradley manage to infiltrate the underground factory.
Bradley is only able to work.
Curtis manages to work his way.
Where he is assigned to fix the problem that is holding up the V-2 s development.
The two agents send back information and learn.
The Royal Air Force is mounting a nighttime bombing raid.
The protective doors   must be opened to expose the plant and provide a landmark for the bombers.
Cover the ready-to-launch large A9/A10 New York Rocket.
The controls are  Bradley is killed.
Curtis is able to shoot his way.
The fatally wounded man opens the doors.
The Germans frantically try to break in.
He dies.
The raid succeeds.
<EOS>
The film moves.
When Shigematsu and his wife Shigeko are the guardians and charged with finding her a husband.
Shigematsu sees more and more.
The story progresses.
Yasuko s prospects become more and more unlikely.
She forms a bond.
Where he attacks passing motor vehicles.
<EOS>
Squatter s daughter Bobbie wants her weak brother.
Richard to come home.
Her prefers the charms  in particular the high society adventuress  Mrs Fane.
Tubby Dennis OHara   persuades Richard to come home.
Who is.
He brings Mrs Fane.
OHara gives Bobbie his horse  Alert.
Bobbie enters it.
Mrs Fane tries to stop her winning.
Bobbie falls to victory.
<EOS>
A college professor  Dr Douglas Newton  develops an experimental drug named Tryptophan.
Has the unfortunate side effect.
It s up to uncover Dr Newton s dark secret and thwart his diabolical plans.
Time runs out.
<EOS>
Louis  a sickly nine-year-old boy  spends his summer vacation in a small town in Brittany.
His mother Claire has lodged him.
She is having her second baby.
There Louis makes friends next door  and learns from her about life.
His subsequent adventures run the gamut  with a little coming of age thrown in.
<EOS>
Raghava is a hot-blooded and restless youth.
Who can not tolerate injustice that is being done.
He picks up fight with local mafia leader Ankineedu.
Ankineedu stabs Sirisha - the ladylove - to death.
He also issues an ultimatum.
The vexed parents ask Raghava to accompany them.
If he agrees to listen.
They take Raghava - a relatives place - and make him become a devotee of Lord Raghavendra Swamy.
This entire episode comes.
Raghava has a pretty sister-in-law called Maha Lakshmi.
Raghava becomes a saint-like-man and does not even respond.
When some goons humiliate Maha Lakshmi.
He does not bother to retaliate.
When goons strip Maha Lakshmi in public.
The parents - - ask Raghava to get rid of his maala and go back to society to serve people.
Who forcibly restricted the helping nature.
The rest is about.
Raghava retaliates and puts an end.
<EOS>
The basic premise is.
Whom he himself had freed.
The story is centered.
Lal Krishna helps out hardened criminals to get away.
But later he pursues and takes them out.
The film begins.
Isra Khureshi calls up Lal Krishna Viradiyar  his lawyer  asking him to come to meet him.
Lal Krishna arrives  claiming.
Its his duty to wipe out evil forces to maintain the cosmic law.
He  then kills David Rajarathnam  a Tamil businessman.
Who was accused.
Jagannivasan  the superintendent is suspicious of the moves of Lal Krishnan  and is following him for long time.
It was then  the case  rich NRI girls  reaching him.
They are the main accused from conservative back ground.
Viramani Varier  her father is fighting hard and is represented by Kannayi Parameshwaran  a public prosecutor.
Who is famous.
Lal Krishna succeeds in bringing the judgement in favor Mirchi Girls.
LK finds out.
It was none other  while attempting to rape her.
Lal Krishna  kills Kannayi to deliver justice to Chinthamani and her old father Viramani Varier.
<EOS>
Bharathi plays an abandoned wife.
She has a child and could nt cope raising the baby boy alone and leaves him outside of a temple.
Where he gets taken.
The boy develops polio.
The rikshawala feels guilty.
A doctor admonishes him.
He takes care and loves him as his own.
The boy s real-life parents reconcile and turn to a police officer for help in finding their missing son.
Finally   he is reconciled.
When the child is 12 years old.
The rikshawala wo nt give him up.
The policeman urges him to do.
The wealthy parents can pay.
He does sorrowfully.
But the boy comes back.
Mehmood  the actor  gets up and explains to the audience.
Polio is real and deadly and.
People should get their children vaccinated.
The Sports Day  a major scene  is shot in Bishop Cotton Boys  School.
<EOS>
A beautiful blonde angel arrives to soften the heart of pawnbroker Joshua Webman.
To raise money she pawns her harp at a second hand store.
Bringing out the best.
She meets.
Where their happiness lies.
<EOS>
Two kids debate about.
They should go or not.
One decides to go to school.
They might actually learn something this time which makes the other kid shrug and walk away.
His teacher  Miss Given  hands out the answers.
The only problem is.
He has to share his copy.
<EOS>
Tamiko is a single mother.
Her son Toshio is going blind.
He is diagnosed.
She does not have the money.
She asks her mother Yoshie.
Yoshie refuses but arranges a marriage he pays for the surgery.
Tamiko marries Tajima and works in his printing business.
Toshio is operated on and recovers.
However  the tumour returns.
The surgeon refuses to operate  saying  and tells Tamiko to make Toshio s remaining life enjoyable.
Another operation would be fatal.
Toshio starts learning braille.
Tamiko s brother Haruo lends her money to buy an electric organ.
Haruo  a barman  is involved  and finally dies in an attempt to kill a rival.
Toshio dies.
Tamiko discovers and is determined to have the baby.
She is pregnant.
If it is dangerous.
<EOS>
A Magistrate named.
Poulgrain takes his own life.
He releases the hand-brake whereupon.
His car rolls down the road all the way where a pair of over-zealous detectives empty their firearms into his corpse.
Disgraced  the two detectives  Ben Kinnear and his best mate Mike Paddock-both members  are demoted back to uniform duties.
Things get worse.
When they pay a visit and accidentally burn her house down.
Things become more complicated.
When Julie Bale  a journalist and a former police-officer and onetime partner  is arrested on a charge of blackmailing the Magistrate.
Kinnear starts to smell a rat but was tampered.
When he discovers that a computer disc was found.
Kinnear s boss Gillespie questions the two detectives.
What happened.
Wick shoots dead Gillespie and Pendlebury and then deliberately wounds himself  re-arranging the crime scene to make.
It appear Gillespie fired first.
Kinnear and Paddock are both suspended by newly-returned ZTU chief Ted Pratt.
But  they break into the police data-base unit and copy the original file.
But Pratt and Wick confront them.
It turns out  now implicating Kinnear.
The file has been altered.
Kinnear and Paddock narrowly escape an assassination attempt.
When the latter s house is blown up.
The two detectives are captured and are then confronted by Pratt  now revealed to be the ringleader of the ZTU corruption.
It is now clear  having been used into the corruption allegations.
Julie Bale is innocent.
It is also revealed.
Poulgrain was involved.
Rescued pursue their last option  going to the Premier of Victoria Lionel Cray.
However  Kinnear eavesdrops  revealing.
Waiting. 
Even the Premier is up in corruption.
Having recorded the phone-call  they kidnap Cray and take him.
Who has been abducted.
Pratt s plan to kill Kinnear  Paddock and Northey after getting the Premier back is foiled.
When   Bale grabs a concealed gun attached to Cray and holds it to his head.
Paddock aims an.
Pratt surrenders and he and his cronies  along  are all arrested for corruption.
Kinnear and Paddock are re-instated and promoted.
The former s old romance is.
<EOS>
Bang Tae-sik is perennially unemployed.
He drifts  from manual labor to serving coffee.
His appearance  being rather atypical.
Best buddy Yong-cheol persuades Tae-sik to make better use  Desperate and having nothing better to do  he adopts a strange accent and ethnic hat and is reborn as Bang-ga from Bhutan  and immediately lands a job at a chair manufacturing factory.
Are all too convincing.
He is even voted to become president  and joins in a harmonious effort to win a local singing competition for foreigners.
Tae-sik begins.
His loyalties are put.
When Yong-cheol finds a way to swindle their money.
<EOS>
Nicky Collini and his fiancee Tacy buy a large trailer home.
That they can save money that would otherwise be spent  and also be able to travel around the USA to civil engineering projects that Nicky is employed on.
They have to buy a more powerful car.
The money spent starts to mount up.
The honeymoon trip rapidly becomes a catalogue of disasters.
These include Tacy s attempts to cook dinner through the mountains  with the trailer weighed down by many rock specimens and canned food she has collected.
Nicky accidentally backs the trailer.
They arrive  with other relatives and neighbors who are gathered watching.
Rose. 
After turning on an old logging road he tries to level the trailer at night.
Stuck during a rainstorm.
Relations deteriorate.
Finally Tacy storms off.
But  they are tearfully reunited.
<EOS>
An adventurer leads a group.
Civilization is wiped out.
They encounter pygmy tribes  bands of savage outlaws and a tribe of Amazon women.
<EOS>
To aid  Blondie organizes the Housewives of America.
Who end up guarding a local dam.
To avoid being left at home with the children  Dagwood pretends to join the army.
<EOS>
The film opens.
We then see.
Lee competing and eventually landing a role on the television show The Green Hornet.
He also gets married  and has to fight a whole lot.
Later  Lee goes  and.
Being discovered by the wife of director Lo Wei  is given a contract at Golden Harvest.
Lee also meets and falls.
Who announces that she is pregnant.
The soap opera-style romance takes.
There is a love triangle between Lee  Betty Ting-Pei  and one of Lee s.
<EOS>
In the Swedish province of Varmland bordering Nazi-occupied Norway  a group of Swedish soldiers leave their post at a check-point in neutral Sweden  and ends up on the wrong side of the borders.
One soldier is killed.
Another captured.
A rescue operation is underway.
However  a Swedish colonel sends to eliminate the lost soldiers and their rescuers.
Order to cover up the mistake.
The lost Swedish soldiers now suddenly face two different enemies.
<EOS>
Hariharan Pillai is running his construction company.
He constructs a house.
Who does not compensate them.
Satyapalan s daughter Kavya initially dislikes Hariharan  however she eventually falls.
Pillai also has to take care.
Who is.
Hariharan Pillai sorts out all the issues  and gets Kavya to form the rest.
<EOS>
Siblings Michael and Carolyn arrive at the Iowa farmhouse of Francesca Johnson  their recently-deceased mother  to see about the settlement of their mother s estate.
They are baffled to discover.
They go.
Her ashes thrown off the nearby Roseman Covered Bridge.
Is not they had known from their parents.
Michael initially refuses to comply.
Carolyn discovers a set.
She manages to convince Michael to set aside his initial reaction.
They can read the documents she has discovered.
Once alone  they go from a man named Robert Kincaid addressed to their mother  revealing.
He had an affair in.
The siblings find their way.
Where their mother left a letter  a series and other mementos.
They discover.
Their mother  an Italian war bride  had had a four-day affair in the area.
The affair took place.
Her husband and children were away.
The story also reveals the impact.
The affair had.
They almost elope.
She stops.
Includes the consequences  while he finds meaning and his true calling as an artist.
The story also has deep consequences.
Of whom are facing marital issues.
Their mother s story helps them to find a sense in their lives.
The Johnson siblings agree to their mother s request.
<EOS>
Set  Ella Muggins is a Camberwell cleaning woman.
Who is the widow.
One day she relates a story about a magic eye charm.
Her husband obtained in India that protected him from all harm.
She goes through her husband s effects and finds the charm.
She absent mindedly puts.
She is caught in the middle of the street with a delay-action bomb.
She gets conflicting instructions  another telling her to lay down.
She does the latter and survives the explosion.
She is helped.
She realises.
She recovers.
Her husband s charm has protected her.
She asks a friend.
What she would do if she was totally invulnerable.
Looking up  her friend replies.
She would go and give that Mr Hitler what for.
Ella leaves the shelter impervious.
She walks on her mission.
Boarding a British merchant ship  Ella is discovered by the crew.
Who think having a woman aboard is bad luck.
This is proved.
When a German airplane bombs and sinks the ship.
Ella joins the survivors.
Lands are captured by the Germans.
Ella works her way across France and Germany as a deaf and dumb cleaning woman.
Ella later says her journey took 10 weeks.
She overhears Luftwaffe Captain Franz Von Weber talking with his fiancee s uncle Frederick Walthers.
Who are both members.
Von Weber s fiancee Grete has been arrested.
Von Weber is determined to find her.
Ella s charm gets her employed.
Where she convinces the Germans she is deaf.
She trips William Joyce  alias Lord Haw-Haw  to the delight of the Germans.
She does not meet Hitler.
Who despise traitors.
Noticing Ella s brush stamped MADE  Von Weber befriends Ella.
Who has overheard where Greta is being held.
She lends Von Weber her Magic Eye to assassinate the head of the German government.
Von Weber is able to have Greta released.
It is a ploy by the Gestapo to track the two to discover more members of the German Resistance.
Ella s charm works again as.
When they are captured the Royal Air Force bombs the Chancellery.
They escape.
Where pilot Von Weber steals a fueled bomber to fly where they parachute in in the manner of Rudolf Hess.
Feted  Ella shows the reporter her husband s chest.
Where she found the amulet but discovers an entire box that are stamped as souvenirs.
<EOS>
The huge kingdom is ruled by a king under the unwieldy title of Charles V + III XVI.
He s a heartless ruler  hated.
Much as he hates them.
The king is fond  but is unfortunately cross-eyed.
That anyone would dare acknowledge this  as the numerous statues and paintings that adorn the palace and the land show.
Occasionally the king does hit his target though  notably the wife  known only as lOiseau  the narrator of the story.
Who takes pleasure.
The king dreams of the beautiful shepherdess.
Whose painting he keeps.
The shepherdess is with the chimney sweep.
Whose hated portrait is.
The paintings come to life and attempt to escape from the palace  but are pursued by a non-cross-eyed painting of the king.
Also has come  deposed the real king and has taken his place.
He orders the capture  but the bird is there to help.
When called.
They are pursued.
Where the inhabitants have never seen the light take up their chase.
-LCB- -LCB- see -RCB- -RCB- Only the early scene is based on The Shepherdess and the Chimney Sweep  the ultimate title.
The rest focuses much more on the king and the bird  hence.
The shepherdess and the chimney sweep are china figurines  rather than paintings.
A wooden satyr wishes to wed the shepherdess  supported  rather than a king and a classical statue.
The Chinaman/statue breaks.
The duo escape up the chimney  and delight  but in Andersen s tale the shepherdess is afraid of the wide world and the duo return  this is echoed in the movie.
Where the statue predicts that they will return.
<EOS>
Vikram  a poor guy falls with Sapna seeing her innocence  her humanity and her charisma but hell breaks loose on him.
When he comes to know.
The first impulse is wrath  hatred and accusations but then love overpowers everything.
He goes on to love her even more.
Vikram comes to know  all thanks to her mentally sick and physically handicapped husband Bissonath.
Who has reached this state.
Bissonath also has a sister called Aparna.
She too has a boyfriend Uday.
Both Bissonath and Aparna leave no opportunity.
Now Vikram s only aim is to take Sapna out of that hell and bring to her life all the happiness in the world.
But then  are things as simple.
There is something very ugly.
<EOS>
The film is set in a post-Qing Dynasty era  at Liu Village on the border of Yunnan  China.
Liu Jinxi and his wife Yu are an ordinary couple  living together in Liu Village.
One day two bandits enter the village and attempt to rob the general store.
Liu Jinxi happens to be.
He fights.
When they turn violent.
He kills them.
Detective Xu Baijiu   discovers.
Who is sent to investigate the case.
One was Yan Dongsheng  who is among the government s ten most wanted fugitives.
The local magistrate is pleased.
Liu Jinxi is regarded by his fellow villagers.
However Xu becomes suspicious.
He does not believe that Yan Dongsheng  a fighter  could be easily killed.
Xu learns of Liu s true identity - Tang Long  the second-in-command of the 72 Demons  a group of vicious and bloodthirsty warriors of Tangut descent.
Who brutally murdered a butcher s family ten years ago.
Xu immediately returns to obtain an arrest warrant for Tang Long.
The magistrate delays issuing the warrant  citing lack.
Actually soliciting.
Xu eventually obtains the bribe money.
Who blames him.
The magistrate informs the Master of the 72 Demons on Tang Long s whereabouts  hoping to receive a reward.
The Master is offended and reveals.
Tang is actually his son.
He kills the magistrate.
The Master sends his henchmen to capture Tang and burn down the place.
Two henchmen reach the village and kill a villager to force Tang to acknowledge his identity.
Xu and the constables are there.
Tang can no longer control himself.
He fights and kills one and runs away  the other assailant chases Tang and fights with him in the buffalo shed.
Who is the Master s wife.
She gets crushed and falls down in the river.
Tangs tries to save her.
She falls down.
The remaining villagers retreat to hide from the 72 Demons.
Tang and Xu stay behind.
Xu devises a plan  utilising his knowledge of physiology  for Tang to fake his death.
The 72 Demons will no longer harass him.
Xu knows he revives Tang.
Tang can not remain for too long so when time is up.
Tang severs his left arm  announcing.
He has formally broken ties.
They also tell him.
The Master is waiting at his house.
He sees.
When Tang reaches home.
The Master has taken his family hostage.
The Master declares.
He must take Xiaotian s blood.
Tang is enraged.
He attacks the Master.
The Master uses qigong to protect himself.
Xu infiltrates the house.
He weakens the Master s defense by piercing his heel with an acupuncture needle from underneath the floor.
The Master is angered and incapacitates Xu.
Tang continues fighting but is quickly overpowered.
Xu notices.
As the Master prepares to kill Tang.
The needle still stuck and takes him by surprise  planting another needle in the Master s neck.
The Master is unfazed and mortally wounds Xu.
The top needle acts.
The Master is charred by a lightning strike  killing him.
Xu   declares.
The case closed.
The ending scene shows a now one-armed Tang Long leading a normal life with his family.
<EOS>
Executives expressed an interest in Clifford Irving s novel  Rudnick s Problem  although Fake.
Irving believed.
He had a breakout work  only to be told that the publishing house had decided against releasing the book after a Life editor deems it unsatisfactory.
Vacationing  Irving is ejected from his hotel at 100 am.
When Howard Hughes arrives and demands the entire building be vacated.
Returning to meet with his publishers  Irving is upset to find.
He has been fobbed off.
He storms and announces  and threatens to take it elsewhere.
His new project will be the book.
McGraw-Hill is not interested.
He then struggles to come up  rejecting numerous suggestions from Suskind.
He decides to make him the subject of his book.
Irving approaches McGraw-Hill and claims.
He has been summoned to help him write his autobiography and provides forged handwritten notes from Hughes as proof.
The publishers strike a $ 500000 deal.
When handwriting experts wrongly conclude the notes are genuine.
He is unlikely to sue Irving.
Hughes is so reclusive and notoriously wary.
His eccentricities also mean.
Any denials likely will be treated as misdirection.
Irving is convinced.
His hoax is the perfect crime.
Irving is having marital problems.
His affair left Edith hurt and skeptical about her husband s ability to remain monogamous.
Irving assures her he will remain faithful  and leaves to begin researching the book.
The two men devote days.
Order to create an authenticity that will fool even the experts.
They illicitly obtain a copy.
Provides details that add.
Irving begins reciting passages into a tape recorder in character as Hughes  going so far as to dress as Hughes and draw a Hughes-like mustache on himself during these sessions.
A box containing explosive information is delivered to Irving.
Work progresses.
He assumes and convinces himself.
The package is.
Hughes wants the damaging material included.
Irving steps up his pretense.
Publication date draws near.
Denials are issued.
Hughes is involved.
The McGraw-Hill executives are convinced.
It is a genuine work.
Irving uses their increasing desire.
He and Edith concoct a scheme to deposit Hughes  check  payable to H.
R.
Hughes.
Hughes.
Irving becomes increasingly paranoid and experiences alcohol-fueled fantasies.
His affair has continued.
The pressure adds to his stress.
What is implied to be a favor.
Irving ultimately is arrested and agrees to cooperate.
Edith is granted immunity.
A government spokesman announces.
Irving  Edith  and Suskind have received short jail sentences.
An overheard radio report details a sudden wave  ambiguously implying.
Irving s book had indeed been used to create a situation placing Nixon to Hughes.
A fleeting scene shows.
Nixon s preoccupation led directly to the burglary and wiretapping of Democratic Headquarters at the Watergate Hotel  a historically disputed point and not a new one.
<EOS>
Abhiram Abhi is the son.
He is born and brought up  for him life is just a game.
He is accustomed.
He is portrayed to be a happy-go-lucky character and quite popular.
He comes.
Abhi tells his friends.
He will make her fall.
Abhi invites Janaki after a dance programme and proposes to her.
Janaki  being an orphan  is very kind and is a good Samaritan.
She mingles and provides succour to them.
Abhi hates those people.
However  Janaki s free-spirited nature takes him very near.
He develops an intimate friendship.
Janaki keeps maintaining some distance and does not express her love.
She ca nt love him.
She likes him.
He s not sensitive.
A privileged upbringing makes him myopic.
She wants to express her love  she learns.
Abhi has challenged his friends and decides to keep herself off.
Abhi tries to convince her.
Driving her after a party.
He is really.
She does not listen.
Abhi has an accident.
Where a woman dies.
Her son is orphaned.
Janaki survives the accident.
Abhi wakes up.
Abhi can not find Janaki.
He decides to go on his bike.
He meets.
A motorbike thief called Gaali Seenu.
He is good.
Seenu is a thief.
The journey changes his life drastically  He is exposed.
Abhi takes.
The landscapes and the people takes him.
He meets.
Alters his perceptions forever.
Be it a teacher  they all aid to.
Who supports orphan kids  a disillusioned ex-militant  a prostitute who craves  or his companion Gaali Seenu.
<EOS>
The combative team leaves the Aegean  gets called up once again and touches land  Stavromathiakakis  after the mysterious kidnapping of Noori  abandons the Psiloritis Mountains in Crete following her traces.
The traces lead him - capital.
Parlavatzas and his chef  Papadakis  try to save their restaurant chain company called Sevdali.
Hacker and Super Market Robin Hood - Nakos tries to awake his compatriots and their common sense.
Whereas Kaloursi who is now a new member struggles to upgrade the city s cultural profile.
Last but not least  guru Tsibitzidis gives self - esteem lessons.
Is his ex and Vice Minister Marialena.
<EOS>
A fabled painting is discovered after 400 years.
It could fetch at least $ 40 million.
Properly restored.
BAE is the owner.
Possesses the painting.
She scouts.
A top-tier restoration artist LEE to work.
The controversy surrounding the painting is slowly unveiled.
Art experts hold a collective breath.
The painting s true form is restored.
Little did.
They know that they re only part.
<EOS>
Seth Dhanpath Rai is the country s most powerful smuggler.
Who is surrounded.
Then one fine day  his daughter Sonia falls with Ravi Malhotra  a police officer and wants to marry him.
Dhanpath Rai very soon realizes.
His son Vicky has also taken a path that goes.
Vicky has been engaged.
Now the question begins to haunt Seth Dhanpat rai -.
What is more important.
E. 
Power and money.
Dhanpath Rai s question is answered soon.
Seth Dhanpath Rai finds true wealth in his life.
<EOS>
NYPD homicide detective Sara Pezzini is bitter.
When one is murdered.
Sara is certain.
The killer is Tommy Gallo  a legendary hit man who seems untouchable.
Sara pursues him into a museum.
Where the artifacts are among those displayed.
Sara is momentarily transfixed - and is startled by a mysterious figure.
Searching. 
Who vanishes as quickly as he appears.
The display case is shattered.
The gauntlet careens and finds Sara s arm  miraculously protecting her.
It appears.
All have converged through the machinations of a billionaire named Kenneth Irons  a man obsessed with an artifact called the Witchblade.
The Witchblade is a magical weapon.
Chooses who will wear it.
It has chosen but a few warriors  all  throughout the centuries.
To understand the Witchblade.
Sara embarks.
She was chosen to wield it.
<EOS>
Four mentally-challenged men share a house and are looked.
The four men try to make sense  dealing with everything from runaway rodents to helping Norman.
Who has a new girlfriend.
Jack s life is put on hold.
He feels it s time to let them go.
<EOS>
A young boy Misha lives  sleeps in a shack  listens to The Beatles  hi-jacks a motorcycle.
Nobody knows.
Melodies dwell.
Only a local criminal boss nicknamed John understands.
Misha is born.
However  soon John gets killed.
Then a political turmoil happens.
Misha finds himself in the middle of this turbulent whirlpool.
And John s killer is.
Actor was found.
Who played the young hero.
He agreed to participate.
Filming time counts.
His story is pretty close.
<EOS>
Set  the story begins with a cheetah cub being orphaned.
His mother was killed.
The cub is found by a young boy named Xan and his father Peter.
Initially reluctant to take  Peter agrees to let Xan take care of the cub.
They name him Duma  the Swahili name.
Duma becomes a part of the family  being closely raised by Xan.
Peter and Xan decide to teach Duma.
He nears adulthood.
To run.
But  his father tells him.
It is time to take his friend before he grows too old to survive in his native habitat.
His father says  Duma has to live the life.
He was born to.
He ll never be fully alive.
Xan reluctantly agrees  but their plans must be put.
Xan and his mother must move.
Duma comes.
Wreaks havoc in the city.
Xan s aunt is terrified.
Who likes to sneak up and surprise her.
The two must flee the city to keep Duma from being put into captivity.
When Duma escapes and pays a disastrous visit.
Not knowing  Xan gets an idea - he ll carry out the plan.
Where to go.
His dad had outlined  taking Duma home  over the scorching Makgadikgadi Salt Pans  through the Okavango Delta and into the Erongo Mountains.
Xan begins to drive  with Duma in the sidecar.
They find some shade underneath a crashed airplane.
There  they are confronted.
He agrees to go.
Xan is nt at all that sure he can trust Rip.
Xan manages to turn the immobile motorcycle.
Xan  Rip and Duma are again.
They encounter the untraversable scrub brush and must abandon the motorcycle.
Rip is trapped by a cave in.
Trying to find shelter.
Xan decides to leave him.
He suspects that he has been leading him to sell Duma and collect a reward for finding him.
However.
Xan is knocked unconscious  Rip rescues both of them  having escaped the mine through a ventilation shaft.
Soon  they reach the Okavango Delta.
Where Xan is set.
It s too late to turn back now.
Xan  Rip and Duma press  and finally the Erongo Mountains  on the border of Botswana and Namibia are in sight.
However   Xan is suddenly set.
They get there.
To protect him  Rip huddles over Xan and is bitten by hundreds of flies.
He soon develops sleeping sickness.
Xan takes him.
Where he can be cared.
Later that night   Duma is out on his own and starts calling out into the mountains.
Duma finds another cheetah calling.
They bond.
It is never explained  or is one of Duma s siblings.
Whether this is another male cheetah.
Xan hears this activity  and realizes.
This is where he and Duma must part.
Xan says goodbye.
Duma comes and says a final goodbye  and goes back to play with his new friend.
Then Xan goes back to Rip.
It shows Xan being reunited with his mother.
The film ends.
<EOS>
The film is a satire and deliberately implements many of the tropes commonly found in such films.
Such scenes include nude shower scenes  fight scenes  and a suggested romantic relationship of the inmates and an administrator.
The overall plot involves a new influx.
They are immediately confronted.
Who is the de facto leader and has an exceedingly close relationship with the head of the ward  Edna.
Charlie and her circle are given special privileges.
It is suggested.
Charlie and Edna enjoy a more intimate relationship.
Charlie runs a secret society.
Who are loyal.
The two main new girls break several and are punished decisively for their infractions.
Jenny comes after becoming mixed up in a shoot out.
They are forced to strip naked and then take a shower  while being informed.
When she and another group arive.
They will be inspected inside and out.
Afterwards  they are forced to stand naked.
The nurse sprays them.
The nurse tells the girls to bend over  spread them wide  suggesting.
The girls will be given their cavity checks.
Jenny tries to break out.
Whom she has a romantic encounter.
She makes arrangements.
He will drive her but is discovered by a guard.
She is apprehended and immediately cast into isolation.
Lisa is a runaway.
Who is captured and placed.
She suffers several losses.
She tends to which was originally found while the girls were out performing hard labor.
The cat is discovered in the dorms.
She chases it.
Lisa is punished.
Lisa attempts to climb to the top of the tower  followed closely by Edna.
She stumbles backward.
When she reaches the top.
Edna confronts her  breaks and falls to her death.
This causes Jenny to smash.
Starts a riot which is only quelled when Warden Sutter shoots a shotgun.
The film culminates.
Dr Norton  a psychiatrist  forces a meeting.
She intended to have Jenny testify.
A doctor determines   and will not be able to attend.
She is ill.
Therefore  four other inmates are chosen.
None has any complaints.
Jenny knocks out a guard and steals her keys.
Allows all the girls to march out and voice their grudges.
Edna  however  gets a hold and opens fire on them.
Edna shoots Charlie and climbs up the tower.
Which Sutter has broadcast religious-oriented messages as the girls are going to sleep.
Charlie climbs a fence and commandeers a school bus.
She drives.
Charlie leaps from the bus.
It explodes.
It hits the tower.
The scorched body tumbles to the ground and many of the girls cheer.
Charlie crawls.
See you.
She dies shouts out.
The final scene shows Jenny released and getting.
She waves.
Who is implied to be.
Who are still incarcerated.
<EOS>
Harish Venkatraman  a software architect  is the millionaire nephew of Maheswaran Iyer.
Who lives.
Having lost his parents early  he runs the business of his uncle with impressive results.
He stumbles  in the most cinematic manner.
As script would have it  falls that very instant.
Deva is the daughter in Chennai.
Deva is being summoned back home.
The plot progresses.
He has a flourishing business to attend to and much.
He is subjected by Arumugam.
To make matters worse  Harish s uncle s vicious.
Character assassination - - does nt help Harish in the task of gaining enough confidence among his girlfriend s parents.
Will Harish ever win his love back   forms the rest.
That his chance are doomed.
<EOS>
Hans Wild Duck Gens  an old school industrial spy becomes suicidally jealous.
When the firm brings.
Mait Malmsten  Hans Kersti Heinloo  Monika Florian Feigl  Florian Andrus Vaarik  Raul Kaido Veermae  Solicitor Mihkel Smeljanski  Mine s director Aleksander Eelmaa  Au chairman Toomas Suuman  Land-jobber Sten Zupping  Land-jobber Viire Valdma  Barmaid Enn Klooren  Konfident Kapital employee Tiit Lilleorg  Konfident Kapital employee Tiit Ojasoo  Konfident Kapital employee Meelis Salujarv  Konfident Kapital employee.
<EOS>
Tom  a middle class working employee  finds himself.
He loses his job and his girlfriend.
Believing.
To end it all  Tom ventures  in an attempt to purchase a gun from homeless crack addict D.
However  D attempts to extort more.
Order to pay off his debt.
However  the gun is not his to sell - it actually belongs.
Who will do anything.
Tom s attempts to reason leave him with more trouble.
He bargained.
Trying to buy him off only gets him seriously abused.
Ray  Tom and D gradually get to know.
What makes each other tick - and digress - as they try to find a way out of the situation.
However   the day soon becomes a cat and mouse game of survival for the pair.
<EOS>
The film opens.
She wants to investigate the curious case based businessman.
Who is reported to have anterograde amnesia.
Her professor denies access.
It is currently.
Chitra  nonetheless  decides to investigate the matter herself.
Sanjay is introduced.
He takes a Polaroid picture  and writes on it done.
It is revealed.
Sanjay has anterograde amnesia where he loses his memory every 15 minutes.
Sanjay uses a system on his body to recover his memory after each cycle.
It is revealed.
Sanjay is ultimately out to avenge the death  and that he is systematically killing the people who were responsible for it.
His main target is a man named Lakshman  a notable social personality.
A police inspector   tracks Sanjay down to his flat and attacks and disables him.
The inspector finds two diaries.
Where Sanjay has chronicled the events.
The film flashes back.
The inspector reads the diary.
Sanjay Ramaswamy is shown.
Sanjay sends his men to meet Kalpana  a struggling model  about putting up a billboard above her apartment.
The owner misinterprets.
This encourages Kalpana to accept the overture.
Kalpana thinks as an innocent prank  and decides to play out the charade as Sanjay s girlfriend.
May fetch her better modelling work.
As soon  he decides to confront Kalpana but falls on first sight.
Sanjay knows.
Thus  he introduces himself.
Eventually both hang around together and gradually develop a liking towards each other.
The diary ends.
He will reveal himself if she accepts.
Sanjay returns  attacks him and ties him up.
When the inspector is about to read the 2003 diary.
He tracks down Lakshman.
Where Lakshman is the guest.
Sanjay took pictures and decides to kill him.
He meets Chitra.
Who   decides to befriend him.
Later that evening  Sanjay mistakenly attacks and kills one in the parking lot.
Lakshman is perplexed and fails to recollect the incident.
However he decides to find and kill his enemies one.
Sanjay is not.
Chitra visits and finds the inspector  beaten and bound.
Sanjay s flat.
Chitra finds the two diaries and frees the inspector.
She also finds.
Lakshman is Sanjay s target.
The inspector tells her.
Sanjay is a known serial murderer.
Sanjay arrives suddenly  he remembers neither and chases them out.
The inspector is eventually hit.
Chitra barely escapes  going.
Believing Lakshman is  she informs him.
Sanjay is.
Lakshman arrives.
He destroys all the photographs  notes and scratches.
Satisfied  Lakshman leaves.
He has neutralized Sanjay.
Meanwhile  Sanjay finds out.
Chitra had warned Lakshman and goes.
Chitra calls.
The police and Sanjay is arrested.
Back  Chitra reads the diaries.
The film flashes fast then back to.
It is revealed.
Kalpana had accepted Sanjay s proposal.
This diary ends abruptly.
Chitra investigates further  and discovers.
Kalpana was traveling for a modelling assignment.
When she came.
She saves the girls.
Who name Lakshman.
Lakshman kills two girls.
Who recognized him  and goes.
His goons break and wait.
Her to return.
Sanjay arrives there to meet Kalpana.
Her last word was ` Po.
Warning for him to leave.
The goons attack Kalpana.
Sanjay intervenes but Lakshman hits him.
Sanjay s last vision was Kalpana with the iron rod.
Chitra  now aware  finds Sanjay in the hospital and tells him the truth.
He flies.
He tells her to lead him.
Meanwhile  Lakshman s twin brother Ram arrives to help him pursue Sanjay.
Arriving  Sanjay confronts all of Lakshman s henchmen and with superior strength  manages to disable them.
Finding Lakshman himself  Sanjay fights Lakshman.
However  Lakshman realizes  so Ram intervenes.
He is no match.
Sanjay s memory loss strikes again.
Both brothers look alike.
Ram  taking advantage  beats him mercilessly.
Sanjay lies badly wounded.
When he sees a vision.
Sanjay overpowers both Lakshman and Ram.
Sanjay is about to kill Lakshman and arrest both Lakshman and Ram.
When the police arrive.
The film ends  still experiencing amnesia  driving Chitra back to her dormitory and stopping at a crossing to let young children cross the road.
A young girl smiles back.
<EOS>
The film opens.
As construction has been completed.
Luka  a Serbian engineer  has moved from Belgrade with his mentally unstable wife  Jadranka  and his football-playing son  Milos  to run a railway station and act as caretaker.
Luka is.
Milos attempts to become a professional footballer.
Utterly engrossed and blinded by natural optimism  Luka remains deaf to the increasingly persistent rumblings of war  and threatens to spread.
Has broken out.
Milos is denied his place.
When the conflict explodes.
When he must join the Serbian army.
Jadranka disappears.
Eventually  he receives news.
Milos has been taken prisoner.
Luka considers suicide.
A profiteering acquaintance presents him.
Whom he has taken hostage.
Luka intends to exchange Sabaha.
The two fall.
They are forced to flee deeper.
Luka and Sabaha try to escape.
When a UN-enforced prisoner exchange is finally arranged.
Sabaha is wounded.
They attempt to cross the Drina river.
Army nurses narrowly manage to save Sabaha s life.
She is exchanged  along with other prisoners.
Jadranka also returns.
The family is reunited  but Luka is lovesick.
He lies down  but  it is revealed.
When the train stops to avoid running.
Sabaha is.
The two ride away.
<EOS>
Paul Lavond   escapes Devil s Island a scientist.
Who was wrongly convicted.
Who is trying to create a formula to reduce people.
The intended purpose is to make the Earth s limited resources last longer for an ever-growing population.
The scientist dies.
Lavond joins the scientist s widow  Malita  and uses the shrinking technique to obtain revenge.
Who had framed him.
Lavond clears his name and secures the future happiness.
Malita is nt satisfied  and wants to continue to use the formula.
She tries to kill Paul  having accomplished all.
When he announces that he is finished.
He intended.
She ends up blowing up their lab and killing herself.
To save his daughter  Paul tells Toto  Lorraine s fiance  about.
What happened.
He meets his daughter  pretending to be the deceased Marcel.
He tells Lorraine.
Paul Lavond died from prison  but that he loved her very much.
Lavond then departs  planning to leave France forever.
<EOS>
Ambitious politician Walter Chalmers is holding a Senate subcommittee hearing on organized crime in America.
To improve his political standing  Chalmers hopes to bring down Chicago mobster Pete Ross.
Bullitt takes place the weekend  from Friday night to Sunday night.
Johnny is placed in the San Francisco Police Department s protective custody for the weekend.
Chalmers requests Lieutenant Frank Bullitt to guard him.
Bullitt  Sergeant Delgetti and Detective Carl Stanton  give Ross around-the-clock protection.
Late Saturday night  inexplicably Ross carefully unchains the hotel room door  seconds later a pair  burst into the room and shoot Stanton and Ross  seriously wounding them both.
Bullitt wants to investigate the shooting.
Chalmers  upset  attempts to shift blame.
Ross dies.
Bullitt thwarts another assassination attempt.
Bullitt suppresses news  asking Doctor Willard to misplace the chart and have the body placed in the morgue under a John Doe identity.
Chalmers arrives and is angered.
Ross has disappeared.
He is further incensed.
When he and his police minion Captain Baker receive no help.
Chalmers places pressure to produce Ross  to no effect.
Bullitt reconstructs Ross s movements  finding the cab driver Weissberg.
Who brought him.
He is told.
Ross had made a long distance call and a local call before he came to the hotel.
The local call was.
Bullitt picks up his 1968 Ford Mustang GT and soon discovers.
He is being tailed.
Later the hitmen realize.
Bullitt has turned the tables and is now following them  resulting at the end of which the hitmen are killed.
Back  Bullitt is given until Monday morning to follow his remaining lead.
Bullitt heads to the hotel.
Ross called  where he finds a woman registered.
Cathy   is disturbed  and later expresses her fear to Bullitt.
Who sees the body.
He is becoming as cold and unfeeling.
Two sets checks for nearly $ 100000 each.
Inspecting the dead woman s luggage  Bullitt and Delgetti find two sets  two brochures from a Chicago based international travel agency  and  hidden in the pockets of the two sets of clothing.
One set was signed by her husband  Mr Albert Rennick.
Bullitt tells Delgetti to contact Immigration Service and obtain the passport photos of Mr & Mrs Albert Rennick.
Chalmers arrives  demanding from Bullitt a signed admission.
Ross died while.
Bullitt demurs.
Chalmers is shown to have sent the police to protect the wrong man.
When the faxed copy arrives.
The Ross brothers set Albert Rennick up to be killed as Johnny Ross.
The real Ross could escape the mob.
Johnny then killed Dorothy Rennick to silence her.
The search of the Rome flight reveals no Ross or Rennick.
Bullitt guesses.
Ross has booked a reservation.
He discovers the real Johnny Ross  with a Rome ticket exchanged to pay for the flight.
Chalmers makes one last attempt to use Ross.
Bullitt angrily rejects.
A chase ensues  with Bullitt eventually shooting and killing Ross after chasing him back into the terminal.
Bullitt returns home  to find Cathy waiting  asleep.
He looks up  wondering.
Going and starting to wash his hands.
He has become what Cathy fears him to be.
<EOS>
Private Investigator Bud is discovered unconscious.
Bud s the prime suspect.
His amnesia makes it a problem for him to find out whodunit.
But Bud s first step is contacting old high school classmate Leigh.
Who s related.
<EOS>
Nate Cooper just can not get it together.
But he also can not forget his first crush  the tall  attractive  blonde Cristabel Abbott  in elementary school.
Nate sets out and meets up with his geeky best friend Arno.
Whose mother has an unnatural amount  and perhaps an unusual relationship with her son.
Cristabel jogs with many suitors trying to catch her eye  including an albino stalker.
But she s still single.
There is a reason  Cristabel is still best friends.
Whom Nate also knew.
Nate reintroduces himself.
They hit it off.
However  Cristabel refuses to go.
June has a date as well.
Nate sets out to find a boyfriend.
Guys recoil.
Johann Wulrich  an attractive dentist  appears in their lives.
Who works.
He seems to want to do a makeover.
When he apparently sees her inner beauty.
However  Nate believes.
Johann is a threat  since Johann is almost perfect.
Eventually   Cristabel finally begins dating Nate  per his original plan.
She emerges  with her face and appearance transforming into that of an attractive woman  Nate slowly realizes.
Whose beauty begins to compare.
June may be the girl.
Nate tells this.
Who is happy.
Nate then tries to find June  and finds her  telling her.
He feels.
<EOS>
Samantha Caine is a mother and schoolteacher.
Eight years previously  she was found pregnant and badly injured  suffering complete amnesia.
She has hired a series of private investigators to try to uncover her past with no success  the latest being wisecracking  ethically challenged private investigator Mitch Henessey.
A one-eyed convict  One-Eyed Jack  recognizes her immediately and escapes.
When television footage is broadcast.
Caine is injured.
When her car hits a deer and crashes into a tree  and begins displaying unexpected skills and ruthlessness  manifesting in surprising knife-wielding abilities and uncharacteristic harshness directed toward her daughter Caitlin.
She dispatches him.
When Jack suddenly attacks her.
She was not aware she possessed  culminating.
Meantime  Henessy has had a break -- a suitcase has been found in the attic of a boarding house Caine briefly stayed at years before  discovered.
The landlady died.
Caine seeks out Dr Nathan Waldman.
Caine discovers a disassembled Remington 700 in a hidden compartment in the suitcase and smoothly assembles it out of conditioned reflex.
Caine talks him.
Hennessy displays strong misgivings.
He reveals.
When they meet Waldman.
Caine is really Charlene Elizabeth Charly Baltimore  an assassin who went missing eight years ago.
Hennessy is doubtful.
Armed men who ve been narrowing in begin shooting.
Caine/Baltimore s skills help them escape.
Baltimore and Hennessy drive.
Whom a note led her to believe she was engaged.
They learn too late.
Luke  aka Daedalus  was actually a target she was assigned to assassinate eight years earlier.
Daedelus is pleasantly surprised.
Baltimore  Hennessy  and Waldman have delivered themselves.
Waldman is killed  Hennessy is imprisoned and beaten   She is stripped down  bound with rope by her hands and feet to a waterwheel  and repeatedly lowered into ice cold water until near drowning.
Baltimore is tortured.
Her real identity fully resurfaces she  kills Daedelus  escapes  kills his henchmen  and frees Hennessy.
Hennessy forces her to recognize.
Charly Baltimore initially disdains her life.
She actually liked her time as it was the first time she was truly content with herself.
She and a still-reluctant Hennessy set out to thwart the plot and rescue Caitlin.
Who has been kidnapped while his henchmen were trying to kill Baltimore.
Baltimore and Hennessy attack the operation s staging area.
Where the truck bomb is being prepared.
Baltimore confronts Timothy with her now-restored memories of and reveals to Timothy.
She was shot and left for dead by Jack.
Caitlin is.
Timothy is dubious.
He looks  recognizing their similarity to his own  but decides to kill Baltimore and Caitlin anyway and continue the operation.
Baltimore escapes and  with Hennessy s help  thwarts the operation  killing Timothy s henchmen and ultimately Timothy himself.
Baltimore has returned to her assumed identity as Samantha Caine  declining an offer to rejoin the CIA.
Hennessy enjoys.
The publicity attracted in the crisis  and is last seen being interviewed by Larry King.
<EOS>
Ping has come to Kuala Lumpur to work with her aunt.
There she meets John  a young man.
Who keeps trying to approach her.
Ping feels increasingly attracted.
She is drawn more and more.
She has a boyfriend.
Ping loses herself and does all.
She can to keep John.
<EOS>
Comtesse Della Gentia and her lover Paul attempt to seduce and blackmail a rich neighbour Juan.
Who is  Clarisse.
Their plot fails  the Comtesse kills herself.
Her lover re-covers her face.
Based by Richard Abel  French Cinema  the First Wave.
Pp. 
.
<EOS>
Dr John Meredith  ashamed travels with his daughter  Nyoka  to Africa.
There his skills displace Shamba  the resident Witch Doctor of the Masamba.
Years later  Slick Latimer and Bradley Meredith arrive looking up with the disgruntled Shamba.
Bradley kills his brother John and takes his place.
Fortunately  they also brought.
Who promptly join Nyoka.
<EOS>
Adil is a dashing  brave young man  full and mindful of the rights of all people  especially the downtrodden.
It is this last attribute.
Ends up putting him.
The Emperor orders his arrest.
But  he single-handedly rescues.
The soldiers can arrest Adil.
The Emperor s bethrothed.
This earns him the gratitude.
The Emperor  pleased  gives him an important assignment in his army  and promises.
Adil s fellow-villagers will not face oppression  taxes or forced labour.
Ruhi loves Adil.
Adil is unaware.
Juhi is impressed.
This impression turns to love.
She tells Adil.
Adil does not think it appropriate  and spurns her.
Angered Juhi starts to plot  by getting the emperor to collect taxes and forced labour from Adil s village.
This angers Adil.
Who goes to confront the emperor and the.
Angered  the Emperor dismisses Adil  and orders his arrest.
Adil flees.
Numerous attempts are in vain.
Finally  Juhi tells the emperor.
She will bring without spilling a drop of blood.
Will Ruhi succeed.
Where so many have failed.
<EOS>
Devin Ratray is a musician and besotted admirer.
Devin travels with his ` bro  Sebastian.
Who is making a documentary.
Devin seeks to learn more from those.
Who knew her.
He receives counsel from his ` Best Bro   cult comedian Jim Norton.
He speaks to Rice s childhood friends and visits the hospital.
Where she was born.
He meets some of her former teachers  and the one man  Rick Upchurch.
Whom Rice has been engaged.
Upchurch tells Devin.
Rice made an oath not to have sex before she got married  and deduces that her continued single status  and her enduring Christianity  confirm that she is still a virgin.
He is given courtship advice by Adrian Grenier  and presented with a power ballad to send to Condi from Oscar nominated songwriter Carol Connors.
He is assisted.
When he arrives.
<EOS>
The movie is the story.
Moves to Detroit Michigan where the father intends to find work in a factory.
Fonda s character  Gertie  is hesitant to leave their home  her husband Clovis believes.
It will bring the family a regular income and better way.
Is a new place to exist  rather than live.
What Fonda s Gertie finds.
The family settles down by the railroad tracks in an industrial area.
All the while Gertie holds.
Of which is.
Her husband begins to dismiss her talents and puts down Gertie onto her folk art in a modern world.
Still  her handiwork is admired.
One.
She hangs.
Which she sees a figure.
One setback begins to pull the family apart.
Gertie s husband does nt find work and begins to get involved that trouble her  her children begin to also get involved in unsavory affairs.
The event is the death.
Breaks Gertie s passivity.
Who is killed.
She confronts her husband   Gertie decides.
Whose best has led the family to this tragedy.
She will earn enough money to get the family back home.
To do this she will make dolls.
She has no material.
Which she can carve the dolls.
It is then.
She takes the treasured piece.
She longed to carve the Christ figure  and splits it with an axe.
She will carve many dolls.
It is the only way to save the family.
The family is able to return to their home.
<EOS>
Dapper Denver Dooley and Woody Woodpecker are in a championship playoff.
The prize  $.
A psychological battle begins.
Both contenders make holes.
Woody crunches celery.
Dapper drives himself.
Woody proves himself too light  Dapper sinks.
Dapper proceeds to lure and trick poor Woody lost.
Woody s game seems.
All is a short putt.
Dapper needs to win.
He s seized.
<EOS>
A sadistic Latin teacher  nicknamed Caligula  rules his classroom like his kingdom.
He is exceptionally hard.
One night Jan-Erik is returning home and finds an intoxicated young woman crying.
He recognizes her.
He walks her home.
Bertha has a taste.
He spends most.
He becomes very involved.
His school work suffers.
Bertha also has an older man.
Whom she fears.
She will not reveal his name.
He is Caligula.
He learns.
He makes life harder  and forces Bertha to do his will by threatening to suspend.
But Caligula is too violent.
One day  Jan-Erik arrives to find her dead.
He finds Caligula hiding  and calls the police.
However  Caligula is soon released  and quickly arranges for the expulsion of Jan-Erik   and finally strikes him in front of the principal of the school.
Who accuses Caligula.
He then goes to stay.
The principal comes to the apartment  and offers his assistance in helping Jan-Erik back on track.
Caligula comes  seeking some sort of forgiveness.
The principal has left.
Jan-Erik rejects him and instead walks.
Overlooks all Stockholm.
<EOS>
It s the early.
Aleksandr Ivanovich ` Sascha  Luzhin  a gifted but tormented chess player  arrives to compete in an international chess competition.
He meets Natalia Katkov.
He falls immediately.
She finds his manner to be appealing.
They begin to see each other.
Competing is Dottore Salvatore Turati.
Who is approached.
Valentinov tells the Italian.
Luzhin can not handle pressure.
He intimates.
He will make sure that his former prodigy will be unsettled off-table giving Turati a winning chance.
The competition starts badly.
Who is unsettled.
He struggles.
He soon begins to win again.
His relationship becomes closer and intimate.
She then informs her parents.
She is going to marry him.
Meanwhile Luzhin goes on to reach the final and face Turati.
But the Russian emigre loses out to the time clock  forcing the game to adjourn.
However   he is whisked away by an accomplice of Valentinov.
Who abandons him.
His former teacher knows.
This will completely unhinge him.
Luzhin wanders aimlessly.
He collapses and is found.
Luzhin is taken.
The doctor informs Katkov.
He will die if he keeps playing chess as he is addicted.
It s consuming his very being.
Nevertheless.
While recuperating Valentinov comes around.
Eventually Luzhin leaves the hospital.
He and Natalia then agree to marry.
Luzhin is put into a car with Valentinov.
Who tells him that there is the small matter.
Luzhin leaps from the car.
Dazed  cut and mentally confused  he stumbles back.
Where he tries to dig up a glass chess piece.
He does not find it.
Luzhin   sits.
Who is.
Natalia and the hotel staff try to open the door.
But  the troubled chess grandmaster throws himself out and dies.
They can get in.
The tragic death is witnessed.
Who has just arrived.
The film then concludes.
Where Natalia completes the competition using her fiance s notes.
Turati does.
What Luzhin expected and loses.
Katkov and Turati then leave acknowledging the Pyrrhic victory and the genius.
<EOS>
Carlos  Roberto  Pedro and Manolo form a group during their summer vacation.
The point is a bar called the Kronen.
Where Manolo  the least affluent  works as a bar tender and is the singer of a rock band.
Carlos is the leader.
He is handsome  selfish  amoral and hedonistic.
He is  drinking  using heavy drugs  partying and having sex.
Nothing seems to stop him.
Rekindles a relationship with Amalia  an.
Whose current boyfriend is coincidentally out.
Amalia joins the group attracted.
Roberto is Carlos best friend and sidekick.
He plays the drums.
Where Manolo sings.
More serious and  Roberto has repressed homosexual feeling towards his best friend.
Roberto is aroused.
When they go to see Roberto s favorite film  Henry  Portrait.
When he sees Carlos sexually playing.
Pedro is the weakest member.
He has serious health issues  he lost a kidney and is a diabetic  being the most vulnerable  Carlos takes advantage and bullies him constantly  making fun of his delicacy.
An argument is resolved by trying between them.
Who can stand to be hanging dangerously from a bridge over a highway.
The incident is stopped.
Carlos and Pedro are detained.
Carlos s father is a lawyer.
He gets the two friends soon.
Family relationships are not important.
Carlos s sister despair with her brother lack of interest for family relationships and wild behavior  sleeping by day and partying heavily by night.
Carlos relates only an ailing grandfather.
Who had served to him.
He dies.
To celebrate his birthday  Pedro invites his friends.
He dies.
<EOS>
Petrie is having a difficult time preparing.
When all must participate in a very precise flying exhibition to prove that they are ready to fly with the adults.
Petrie has even more trouble flying with his siblings in precise group formations -- he s more of an independent  free-style flier.
A strange newcomer to the Great Valley has Littlefoot and his friends trying to help figure out just.
What he is.
Named Guido  a Microraptor gui  he s the strangest looking creature.
Any has ever seen  especially since he s covered with feathers  and has never seen another like himself.
Cera is having her own troubles.
Her grumpy dad and his new mate  Tria  get ready to welcome a hatchling.
All come together on the night before The Day of the Flyers.
When Guido starts to figure out what he is  inadvertently leading all on a perilous adventure into the Mysterious Beyond.
<EOS>
Set  the movie follows the adventures of Drew Tate  a shy 16-year-old from upstate New York.
When he and his family spend two weeks.
Drew s parents  Kenny and Brenda  worry.
Their son is emotionally disturbed.
His favorite companion is a doll.
Which he names Iago  with which he engages.
They also fear.
A fire he accidentally set foreshadows a future as an arsonist.
Drew is thrown into an affluent  party-loving black society.
Congregates. 
The visit is also the occasion.
Drew s Aunt Francis and her husband  Spencer  are conservatives.
Whose walls are plastered.
Kenny  a former Black Panther  and Spencer argue furiously.
The Inkwell follows Drew s bumbling pursuit.
He also befriends Heather  a young woman.
Whose husband  Harold  is a faithless louse.
The movie comes.
When the Bicentennial fireworks end up symbolizing not just America s 200th birthday but Drew finally losing his virginity.
<EOS>
The film is set.
The tomboyish Watts has always considered working class misfit Keith Nelson her best friend.
But  Watts realizes.
When Keith asks out the most popular girl.
She feels something much deeper.
Meanwhile  Hardy Jenns  Amanda s Corvette-driving ex-boyfriend  plans to cause trouble for Keith   he feels humiliated at losing her to a social inferior.
He has no real feelings.
However  Keith cunningly manages things and Amanda s advantage and gives Hardy his well-deserved comeuppance.
Amanda realizes.
She needs time alone and Keith clues.
Realizing  he gives her the diamond earrings.
He loves her too.
He had originally bought.
<EOS>
Keita is a retelling.
It tells.
Who lives and attends a good school.
One day he encounters Djeliba Kouyate  an elderly griot.
Who wants to tell the young Keita the origin  being related to Sundata.
Kouyate begins his story   one man proclaims to the masses.
All living beings come together.
He wants to be their king.
They respond  We do not hate you.
The old griot goes on to tell.
How Keita s family are descended  the blackbirds are always watching him  and how people have roots that are deep in the earth.
The film shows realistic-looking flashbacks and ends with Sundjata Keita being exiled from the Kingdom of Mande.
Which he lays claim.
<EOS>
Early  Rama  an expectant father and rookie officer  and a 20-man SWAT team led by Sergeant Jaka and Lieutenant Wahyu  arrive at an apartment block in Jakarta s slums undetected.
It is run.
Who is the target.
The team eventually detains a man.
Detaining various tenants.
Who is delivering medicine.
However   he escapes.
The team enters the apartment.
The team infiltrates the apartment block floor.
They reach the sixth floor.
However  the team is seen.
Who raises the alarm before he is shot and killed.
Tama calls.
Who systematically take out a majority and regain control of most of the apartment.
Tama turns off the power and announces.
The SWAT team is trapped.
He will grant free permanent residence.
Who kill the intruders.
The team is soon ambushed.
Who flank them.
Jaka learns from Wahyu  meaning.
The mission is nt sanctioned.
They ca nt call.
The team runs.
Where Bowo is shot and injured.
The team narrowly escape.
Rama improvises an explosion that kills the pursuing tenants.
The team splits  Jaka  Wahyu  and Dagu go to the fifth floor.
Rama and Bowo retreat.
Rama and Bowo make their way.
Who reluctantly agrees to hide them.
They hide.
A gang arrives and inspects the man s apartment.
They find no one  and leave.
Rama leaves him in the care of the man s family.
He goes out and fights again.
Rama is eventually captured.
Jaka and his group are found by Mad Dog  Tama s ruthless henchman.
Wahyu makes his escape.
Dagu is ordered to follow him.
Jaka   is confronted by Mad Dog.
Who holds him.
Mad Dog leads Jaka.
Where he challenges Jaka and kills him.
Andi reveals himself to be Rama s estranged brother.
Andi lets.
Rama know when it will be safe as he meets up.
Tama learns.
Who goes.
Rama regroups.
Who go on to fight where Tama is located.
Rama finds a room.
Where Andi is being beaten.
Mad Dog frees Andi.
He enters.
Rama and Andi team up.
Eventually kill him.
Meanwhile  Wahyu and Dagu confront Tama.
Wahyu shoots and kills Dagu.
Wahyu is convinced.
Holding Tama hostage will allow him to escape.
Rama and Andi run  but are fired at by Wahyu.
Tama gloats.
Wahyu keeps the two.
His actions are futile.
Wahyu shoots Tama in the head  he attempts to shoot himself  but runs out of bullets.
Andi gives Rama a list.
Rama asks Andi to come along.
He refuses  due to his lifestyle.
Andi returns.
Rama leaves.
<EOS>
<EOS>
Teesh  an unemployed single mother  shares a flat with an older  divorced friend  Trude.
Teesh is starting to crack.
Her problems only get worse.
When her abusive father  who s just been released  visits.
Trude is also having problems.
Who must complete a major paving contract to save his ailing construction company.
Meanwhile  Trude pines.
Who are apparently living.
<EOS>
Jay  moves to Virginia with his mom to stay with their relatives.
He tries get money.
Jay goes.
He can record his demo all over again  but when there is a skating competition for a 10000 and a chance to be in Lupe Fiasco s new video everything changes.
Thomas skating team win.
Lupe Fiasco finds Jay s rhyme book.
He lets him be to rap.
<EOS>
Four friends  annoyed agree to do.
Almost everyone else they know is having sex.
What they can to help each other lose their virginity.
Most are foiled by their inexperience and bad planning.
Michael  the most sensible boy  really just wants to stay with his long-time girlfriend and take their relationship to an intimate level.
He grows impatient and splits up with her to seek his fortune elsewhere.
<EOS>
Young prince Jan has been sent to study for his final exams.
Instead he spends most with his new friend  the lighthouse keeper.
Jan ignores the warnings.
Who claim that the loony lighthouse man eats seagulls.
Maybe the lighthouse keeper is crazy.
This does not prevent him.
Jan learns   we see.
A reason is that from time to time he hides political refugees from Taxandria from the authorities.
Some arrive at the coast in a boat and taken in by the lighthouse keeper.
It is however never made clear Jan.
Whether Taxandria really exists or if the viewer only sees what the lighthouse keeper relates.
Once Jan is transported simply by looking into the lighthouse s rotating light while the keeper is away.
All science  progress  and measure are outlawed as a consequence.
A failed scientific experiment accidentally removed Taxandria from its home planet.
Whereas the Perennial Present reigns supreme.
The land is ruled.
Who insure that everyone there lives  as it is illegal to discuss the past or future.
The police is headed.
Jan soon sees the darker side.
Seems a magical  wonderful place.
The people are not happy living only  it is repressive.
Soon he sees.
Many suffer.
Aime  the son  seems to be a catalyst for change in Taxandria.
He is obsessed.
Later  Aime falls with Princess Ailee  and discovers the secret of his father.
Who is trying to free herself  where women are kept away from men.
Made him Taxandria s effective ruler while being the Head  as well as the true nature of the Two Princes.
<EOS>
The film tells the story.
Who goes to live in Tel Aviv  but dreams.
We are introduced to the young man s life.
An exploration is presented through a hero.
Who is himself.
A unique correlation is formed.
The movie was constructed.
Required. 
<EOS>
The film opens.
Men s souls wrestle.
Today is the eve.
He says.
His employee Larry Larabee is worried.
Westlake attempts to placate him.
The company has survived World War I and the lean years.
Westlake narrates.
He became a Coca-Cola bottler and has recently opened a new bottling plant.
The scene shifts back several years.
Larabee worries.
Right now is nt the time to go sinking a lot -- he begins   Right now is nt.
A co-worker interrupts him.
What we re building.
It s the future.
You talk just  Larabee responds  All is tomorrow.
He thinks about.
Always tomorrow.
More scenes follow  illustrating Westlake s willingness to spend money and time on new initiatives to grow his business  and the efforts of the company s salesmen and dealers.
Details help to place each scene in period context as the film proceeds through its reverse chronological narrative  moving backwards through time to show different moments in the company s history.
Also illustrated is the development standards.
Which chemists and modern quality-control methods are employed.
A cooler to allow Coca-Cola to be sold ice-cold is introduced.
Sugar rationing I threatens the company s future.
The design is said to have been inspired a woman s hobble skirt.
The final scene shows the business s earliest operations.
Westlake is denied a loan due  but remains confident about his business s future.
Larabee is shown operating a manual bottling machine   contrasting.
Is slow and difficult to use.
He complains.
Westlake remains characteristically optimistic.
<EOS>
Bugs is.
Bugs retires to have a well-earned carrot.
The store manager appears and informs Bugs.
Since the summer sale s over  he s being transferred  which Bugs puzzles over The man tells the rabbit he will look splendid  after he has been stuffed.
Right  finds out  screams  and begins a cartoon-long chase.
Bugs does what he thinks could be a suitable pose  he ponders this.
The manager intends to cut him open to be stuffed.
The manager then chases Bugs and fires.
When he catches sight sticking up from a counter.
Bugs moves his ears.
The bullets miss  but seems to raise his hands.
Bugs pops out.
As the manager gloats that he ll finish Bugs off.
He ll finish off the manager.
He pulls the trigger   prompting the manager to stick three ouch signs out.
Which the gun sticks out three bang signs.
Bugs distracts him by telling him.
When the manager gloats that he outsmarted Bugs.
He sounds just.
The actor providing was Dick Nelson.
Voice here is uncredited  although most animation historians seem to agree it.
Bugs swipes the gun away  making it go off.
As the manager is gushing.
Bugs innocently states.
When the manager demands to know if Bugs had been attempting to outsmart him.
He just did and gives the manager a wacky kiss.
The manager then chases into the ladies  department.
Where he sees a customer.
Bugs asks.
Which the gushy manager takes and tickles his feet.
Bugs falls  revealing.
They re laughing.
What the manager was tickling was actually a mannequin leg  to which Bugs wiggles his real toe and escapes.
The manager then chases Bugs.
Where they each wear the outfit associated.
Bugs then blows his cover.
When the manager sees Bugs is nt wearing any lingerie.
The manager gets.
Bugs rushes upstairs.
Where Bugs brings him down.
Bugs tricks him.
As the manager gets wise.
Where the manager sees multiple Bugs s thumbing lifts.
Bugs shoves the manager out  making the manager rush up hundreds of flights of stairs to the top of the building.
As he comes back down.
Once  Bugs pushes the manager down a shaft with an elevator under repair.
Bugs then listens to the ground floor.
The manager  looking worse  zips back up ready to strangle Bugs.
He remarks how dumb the manager is.
He distracts the man.
When Bugs is about to be captured.
There is a frankincense monster.
He just read.
Bugs has leaped  making a hideous face.
When he looks behind.
The frightened man leaps off the building.
Bugs tut-tuts  then pulls  stupidly makes the same face to himself  turns to the audience in horror.
Then he leaps off the building  leaving his fate uncertain.
Iris out.
<EOS>
Six friends come together to try to find fame and fortune ever made.
They keep and are determined to accomplish their goal  no matter.
They have literally no idea what they re doing.
What gets.
They screen it.
The clueless crew ultimately does make a porno.
The brother.
Whose scene ultimately was not used.
Her featured briefly while looking.
Takes the reel  covers it in whiskey and sets it aflame.
It is revealed  all their work was now destroyed.
This was the only print they had.
However  the cinematographer had been taping the entire production process.
He then edits these down.
The movie is the actual film The Amateurs itself.
He cuts together.
The Amateurs becomes a hit.
Brings fame and fortune.
<EOS>
Lee Leander is arrested for trying to shoplift a bracelet from a New York jewelry shop.
Assistant District Attorney John Sargeant is assigned to prosecute her.
The trial begins a jury filled with the holiday spirit  he has the trial postponed.
He generously posts her bail.
She does not have to spend Christmas.
Discovering  he offers to drop her off.
Lee is a fellow Hoosier.
They get lost in Pennsylvania.
End up crashing and spending the night in a field.
The next morning  they are arrested and taken to an unfriendly justice of the peace.
Lee starts a fire as a distraction and the pair flee.
John decides to take Lee home.
When Lee s mother gives her a cold reception.
She is warmly received.
Though John tells his mother.
John and Lee fall in love.
His mother has a private talk.
She leaves  telling her how hard John had to work all his life to reach his present position.
Lee agrees to give him up so.
Not to jeopardize his career.
John offers Lee a chance to escape.
She turns down the opportunity.
Back  Lee is put on trial.
She pleads guilty.
When she realizes that John could get for attempting to throw her case.
John proposes.
She is led away.
She tells him.
If he still feels the same way when she gets out  she will marry him.
<EOS>
A pair   discover gold in the voodoo idol of a tribe of the African jungle.
Includes the beautiful but ruthless Marilyn Blanchard.
Hoping to find more such treasures  they con the innocent Ted Bronson.
Made the idol.
Meanwhile  Dr Roland Gerard  a mad scientist  is using a combination in an attempt to create a superhuman being.
Who has exiled himself deep.
He hopes.
This being  possessing the best  will be the mother of a new perfect and deathless race which he will control with a mixture of hypnosis and telepathy.
He is accompanied.
Who has long since disavowed her husband but remains trapped.
Dr Gerard s initial attempts to create a female superbeing are a failure and the native girl used.
The transformation is only temporary.
The subject lacks the killer instinct he deems necessary for survival.
However   he decides.
When he stumbles.
Marilyn will be a perfect subject.
He successfully turns her  but her inherent selfishness and greed outweigh his mental control over her.
She turns.
Ted and Susan are able to escape.
<EOS>
The film is narrated.
Whose brutal murder p.
M. 
Hours of October 31  1975 remains unsolved in.
Mark Fuhrman  a former Los Angeles Police Department detective.
Who gained notoriety.
J.
Simpson s murder trial  is intrigued and travels to Greenwich  Connecticut to conduct an investigation of his own.
Local authorities resent an outsider  especially one tarnished as Fuhrman s  invading their turf.
They do everything.
They can to block Fuhrman s access.
The film alternates.
Chronicle Fuhrman s frustration and interactions.
Their efforts ultimately bring Kennedy relative and former Moxley neighbor Michael Skakel.
<EOS>
Arun is married in a resigned marriage.
He is embarrassed.
He omits to tell her and has an affair.
When he meets Priya - a real estate agent.
He is married.
He bumps Dr Sakthivel Gounder - an orthopedic surgeon from Coimbatore - travelling with him in the same flight and even staying in the same hotel.
When he takes Priya on a vacation to Bangalore.
Who is also.
Sakthivel is called in the night.
Arun has slipped his disc.
The hotel doctor is unavailable - and bumps thus finding out about the affair.
Priya finds out.
Arun is married but decides to continue when Arun says he was forced into marriage and promises to divorce his wife.
She has a huge showdown.
When Arun s wife Leelavathi discovers Arun s affair.
Leads to Arun leaving the house.
Thus begins the titular action.
Leelavathi s various methods forms the crux of the story.
The word ` Sathi  is sometimes used to describe a devoted wife.
<EOS>
Jyotiba  a tamasha conductor enters in a competition against another group lead by Raghoo.
The competition is a musical.
Jyotiba looses the competition and has to face humiliation due and his wife succumb to death.
He. 
To avenge the death  their little daughter Anu decides to excel in the art form.
She takes the vow to defeat Raghoo and make him wear lugada.
Anu trains under gudance of Kulkarni master.
She grows into a young attractive woman and finally decides to enter the competition with her troupe.
Jayawanta  starts falling.
Who is the star.
Impressed  Anu hires him to be part of her troupe.
But it turns out.
Jayawanta is son.
Anu decides to give up on the competition.
But she is encouraged.
She hence stands up again.
Other troup members take this as a threat for their own troup.
They break the lights in the theatre and kidnap Anu in the darkness.
Anu is then made to believe.
It was Jayawanta itself who had sent men to do this.
But then Raghoo comes and frees her.
A day  Anu meets her teacher to take his blessing.
Kulkarni master wishes her good luck to win.
Raghoo becomes disappointed.
Who is also a close friend.
But master explains him.
The win is important.
Anu is not able to give answer to one of the questions asked by Jayawanta.
She hence requests time and answer him the next evening.
Raghoo sends the answer without letting.
Anu know.
Anu   defeats Jayawanta and calls his father Raghoo to wear lugada.
Raghoo accepts his defeat.
But Anu then finds out.
He actually told her the answer and saved her.
Anu begs sorry and then Jayawanta and Anu again shake hands leaving their animosity behind.
<EOS>
14-year-old Donny Berger has an affair with his 22-year-old teacher  Mary McGarricle.
They are caught having sex.
Mary is arrested.
She is pregnant.
Donny names the kid Han Solo Berger  Donny becomes a celebrity.
What has happened.
He grows up and loses contact.
2012  Donny is a 42-year-old slacker.
Who has squandered all his money.
He drinks beer constantly  and spends his time.
Donny s son no longer speaks with him.
Angry  he tells acquaintances  has gone on to become a successful businessman  has lost a lot of weight and is no longer the obese child.
His parents died when he was nine years old.
Donny knows  and is about to marry a rich young woman named Jamie.
Han has arrived   he is well liked by the other guests.
He does nt get along well.
Donny learns.
He owes $ 43000 and will be imprisoned for three years if he does nt repay the money by the end of the weekend.
He places a long-odds wager to win an upcoming marathon  but realizes.
He needs another plan.
He visits TV producer Randall Morgan.
Who had produced shows during his brief period of celebrity.
Morgan offers him $.
He can organize a reunion.
McGarricle.
Donny arrives to try to convince Han to participate.
Donny tries to convince Han to come Ms.
McGarricle.
Han fights constantly  even revealing.
He has type 2 diabetes due to Donny allowing him to eat whatever he wanted when he was a child.
He tries to be fatherly  he follows this advice the next day at the wedding rehearsal  getting into a fistfight with Father McNally.
When Donny later hears Jamie yelling.
Donny then has to save Han creeping him out after an explosion.
Killed his parents inside.
Donny joins Han and his other friends.
Is a relaxing  alcohol-free visit.
Donny proceeds to offend everybody  before convincing the others to go to the strip club with him.
Where Han bonds gets drunk  high and raucous.
Donny sends the other guests home.
Phil stays and receives fellatio  then he and Han meet up with Vanilla Ice  a former friend of Donny s from his B-grade celebrity days.
The three wreak havoc.
Donny apologizes to Ice.
Where both Donny and Ice have sex.
Donny and Han bond.
Han tells Donny.
Han agrees to visit Ms.
McGarricle  knowing  tells him not to go.
The meeting is a television.
The following day  Jamie forces Han to take the dress.
Han decides to visit his mother anyway.
Donny rushes to stop the meeting  but arrives too late  Randall ambushes Han  Donny  and Ms.
McGarricle leaves.
He refuses to sign a release form  leaving Donny with no money from the stunt.
Donny returns to retrieve his belongings and overhears Jamie on a phone call  indicating.
She is cheating with Steve.
He tries to tell Han that night.
Jamie comes up.
Defeated  Donny leaves and returns.
Where his friend Kenny convinces him to return and earn Jamie s forgiveness.
Donny heads.
Where Jamie is staying  only to find her having sex.
Jamie gives Donny the money.
He needs.
Donny opens Han Solo s present to find an oven mitt.
Donny had used to comfort Han during his childhood.
Touched  Donny realizes.
He must stop the wedding.
He and Vanilla Ice interrupt.
The wedding ceremony and Donny reveals that he is Han s father.
Donny tears up Jamie s check and urges her to whisper the truth.
A newly self-assured Han exposes.
Jamie and Chad are both knocked unconscious.
Han accepts Donny.
The following day reveals.
He is dating Brie.
He offers Donny the money to help pay.
He refuses stating.
It s time to grow up and accept responsibility.
Donny is preparing to go  intending to rekindle his relationship with Ms.
McGarricle.
When both are released - when suddenly on television  they see Tubby Tuke complete an unlikely come-from-behind victory in his marathon  winning Donny $ 160000 from his earlier wager  more than enough to keep him out of prison.
<EOS>
Koreeda s Life is set in a waystation.
Where the souls are processed before entering heaven.
Heaven   is a single happy memory from one s life  re-experienced for eternity.
The movie is set.
Every Monday  a new group check in.
The social workers explain to each guest their situation.
The newly-dead have to identify the single happiest memory.
The workers at the institution work to design and replicate each person s chosen memory  thereby replicating the single happiest moment of that person s life.
It is filmed.
The recently deceased watch the films of their recreated happiest memories in a screening room.
As soon  he or she vanishes.
Each person sees his or her own memory.
Whatever unknown state lies beyond and takes only that single memory with them  to live.
The story revolves.
Takashi has been assigned to help an old man  Ichiro  select his memory.
Takashi reviews videotape and learns.
Ichiro had married Takashi s former fiancee after Takashi had been killed.
Takashi has Ichiro assigned  but is still troubled by his memories  causing both him and his quasi-romantic interest Shiori to re-examine their lives.
<EOS>
Cattle Call follow the three male protagonists.
They hold a fake casting call for a fictional independent film entitled Perfect for Me with the hope of meeting women.
Richie is looking.
Sherman and Glenn are more interested.
They eventually chose three women to be in their ` film  - Marina  Laurel and Nikita.
He feels guilty and reveals.
When Marina checks Richie s computer to find a dating site called Perfect.
The whole thing was set up to find women.
She storms out and meets up with the other two girls at the empty ` casting studio.
It turns out.
One is nt really an actress at all  and is investigating the three guys following complaints on the internet that the casting was a scam.
The girls ask to have a first read and then tell the guys.
They want to make the script ` sexier  and that they want to have lots with the three producers to practice.
The women set up a hotel room  and film Sherman and Glenn preparing to have sex with them - Richie refuses and leaves.
They then send instead.
Then the police burst in and arrest Sherman and Glenn.
The two go to court facing 10-15 years imprisonment and a fine of up to $.
The judge  Solomon Mendel  allows 24 hours.
Richie  stuck  suddenly realises.
He can make a film that they have.
He reaches the court the next morning just.
A verdict has been announced.
The judge allows the evidence and finds Sherman and Glenn not guilty.
Richie apologises to Marina again.
He realises.
She is nt leaving.
They kiss.
Three final quick closing scenes follow this.
The first show Nikita running a casting call  in a project called Fresh Meat.
The second shows Glenn working  pretending to speak Spanish to the production crew.
The very final scene shows Sherman revealing to Richie  Richie does nt believe it  and jokes.
He is a sex addict.
Next Sherman will be starting a therapy group so he can meet female sex addicts.
Sherman replies.
That s a great idea.
<EOS>
Woody is a shy piano tuner.
Who is held by a bank robber named Mugsy who is on the lam.
Woody is tuning  and directs him to start playing immediately.
Woody breaks.
2  and manages to play the entire piece while being harassed as well as a bricks-for-brains policeman hot on the trail of the stolen loot.
<EOS>
Clayton Hammond  a famous author  attends a public reading  The Words  centered on Rory Jansen  an aspiring writer  Dora.
Who lives.
Rory gets a job as a mail supervisor in a literary agency and attempts to sell his first novel.
Is repeatedly rejected.
Dora presents Rory with a gift  an old briefcase from an antiques store.
Returning  Rory finds an old but masterfully written manuscript in the briefcase with a central character named Jack.
Rory types the manuscript.
Later   Dora happens and reads it.
Using the laptop.
Assuming  Dora encourages him to meet.
Her husband wrote it.
Who offers Rory a contract.
The book is a hit.
Rory becomes famous.
Hammond takes a break from the reading and goes backstage.
Where he is introduced to Daniella  a student and amateur writer who wants to interview him and notes.
He is separated  although he still wears a wedding ring.
Hammond agrees to meet her to the stage.
Where he continues to read the book.
The second part details Rory s encounter with an unnamed old man in New York City s Central Park.
Who reveals himself and that it was based on his life in Paris.
Irons s character explains.
He was a young man when first stationed by the US Army in the final days of World War II where he fell in love with Celia  a French waitress.
They eventually married and had a daughter.
The baby died shortly.
Unable to cope  Celia left him and moved to her parents  house.
He then used his pain to write the manuscript.
He took while visiting her at her parents  home.
She found the story so moving.
She chose to return.
However  she unintentionally left the manuscript after her trip back to Paris  thereby losing it.
The scene shifts.
The old man explains but they eventually divorced.
He and Celia tried to repair their marriage.
Irons s character leaves Rory sitting alone.
The public reading ends.
Hammond tells his fans.
They must buy the book to learn how it ends.
Daniella then accompanies Hammond back.
Where she pressures him.
Hammond explains.
Rory tells the truth.
Also  Rory tells Cutler.
He wants to credit the old man.
Cutler angrily advises and recommends giving the old man a share of the book s profits instead.
It would severely damage both their reputations.
Rory then seeks out the old man to pay him and finds him working.
Irons s character refuses the money.
A baby girl.
The old man points out.
People always move on as Rory will too.
Daniella continues to pressure Hammond.
He reveals.
The old man dies.
However  Rory ca nt move on emotionally and is tormented.
He focuses his grief.
Impressed  Daniella passionately kisses Hammond on the mouth but he pulls away  apparently unsure about.
Whether to become romantically involved.
However   he remembers Rory lying in Dora s arms.
She tells him everything will be alright  suggesting The Words is an autobiographic book.
<EOS>
Set in  Tanya all get jobs at the local newspaper.
Where the audience is introduced.
If she were a secretary.
Tanya tries to win Reed s heart.
Tony tries to get noticed and promoted to a reporter.
The newspaper offices work in.
Where a mouse installation is directly.
The mice work in is directly the humans.
Nellie gets a chance.
When she is assigned to report mice who disappear overnight.
Reed makes up a.
Nellie calls it  so-called monster that lives and takes mice away during the night to add more excitement to the otherwise unimportant story  intending to sell more papers.
The night monster creates fears.
Could be expected.
Fievel begins having nightmares  the film opens up.
Cause him to lose sleep.
What he thinks the monster looks.
This makes his insomnia all the worse.
When   he is assigned the job of following Nellie and drawing up interperatations of what the monster looks like based on witness testimony.
A particularly suspicious miniature French poodle named.
Madame Mousey  who has started living  appears at every crime scene  claiming to be a fortune teller.
The heroes finally decide to investigate her.
Meets. 
They also search down one.
Leads directly.
Also  all the mice are being held there  to be sold off to other cats and eaten.
Had disappeared.
The night monster itself  a mechanic device  is revealed in full.
When it attacks the mice newspaper office and printing press to prevent them.
A great chase scene takes place.
Reed reveals.
He was  much to Tanya s intense dismay.
The dog council appears.
When all the cats seem to be.
As they re regaining consciousness and chase them all away  taking Madame Mousey.
The last scene takes place.
Where the audience is told that the dog council had chosen a punishment worse than prison.
Mrs Mousekewitz  Fievel s mother  surmises saying.
Now that the mystery has been cleared up  Fievel may finally go to sleep  only to turn around and find him already asleep.
<EOS>
Ten stories  each inspired   1 Thou Shalt Worship No God.
Before Me A guy becomes a celebrity.
He becomes prideful and arrogant  referring to himself as a god.
His career falls apart.
He loses everything.
His fiancee leaves him.
2 has a sexual awakening.
Thou Shalt Not Take the Lord s Name A librarian.
Who turns out to be Jesus Christ.
She eventually settles down and marries her coworker  but is secretly reminded with Jesus.
Whenever her family prays.
3 Thou Shalt Not Murder A doctor kills his patient.
He left the scissors.
The judge also disbars the plaintiff s lawyer.
Who is then told that he should consider a job.
4 Honor Thy Mother and Thy Father A white mother enlists an Arnold Schwarzenegger impersonator to be a father figure after telling them.
He is their biological father.
It is revealed.
Their father is.
They decide to keep the Arnold impersonator  despite not being able to imitate Arsenio  he can do a pretty good Eddie Murphy impression.
5 Thou Shalt Not Covet Thy Neighbor s Goods A police detective covets his neighbor s CAT Scan machine.
Both of their wives leave them.
The two neighbors reconcile and go out for a drink.
Meanwhile  a disaster leaves a busload of school children in need of several CAT Scan machines.
They arrive but the doors are locked.
The two men are.
All the children die.
6 Thou Shalt Not Covet Thy Neighbor s Wife A prisoner desires a fellow inmate s bitch.
7 Thou Shalt Not Steal The woman  having recently married the TV anchor man  falls in love with a ventriloquist s puppet  steals it and runs off to have a romantic relationship with it.
8 Thou Shalt  having lost his dummy and become a homeless heroin addict  is told by another homeless man a story about an animated rhinoceros.
Who earns a reputation.
A band is intent on infecting others with a fatal STD.
Unfortunately  nobody believes him.
They all succumb and die.
It is then revealed.
The rhinoceros now sells drugs.
9 Thou Shalt Not Commit Adultery Jeff Reigert presents all  while struggling with his own moral dilemma  having to choose between his beautiful wife and his also beautiful but somewhat younger mistress.
10 skips church.
Remember the Sabbath and Keep It Holy The husband.
<EOS>
The Dorombo Gang have seemingly destroyed a large part of Tokyoko.
The heroic Yatterman duo make their entrance  their robot sidekick.
The Dorombo trio flee back to their mecha to defeat Yatterwan.
Cheering  the villains accidentally hit the mecha s self-destruct button.
A teenage girl emerges with a blue object in her hands.
When the chaos clears.
The Narrator explains.
Gan Takada and his girlfriend  Ai Kaminari  live a double life.
They are based.
Gan built Omocchama and Yatterwan  the latter an abandoned plan.
The girl was Shoko Kaieda  daughter.
They found.
The piece is a part of the Skull Stone  a legendary object now split into four pieces.
Dr Kaieda   is attacked by Dokurobei  a black-clad being with an oversized skull.
Who is.
The Dorombo Trio is then introduced.
The gang includes Doronjo  the sexy female boss  Boyacky  the clever but lecherous mecha genius  and Tonzra  the gluttonous  kansai-ben-speaking strongman.
Dokurobei sends them orders to find the Skull Stone pieces  and will punish them.
They fail.
The trio open.
A wedding store called Doro Merry to raise money to build a new mecha  Virgin Roader  a very feminine-looking construction.
A robot skull arrives to deliver Dokurobei s message  another Stone is.
The Dorombo trio must find.
It WITHOUT losing Shoko.
The skull.
Unbeknownst back to Gan and Ai.
The duo transform and set off for Ogypt.
The villains arrive.
When the group discover the missing piece.
They again use their mecha to damage Yatterwan.
The dog robot releases a swarm of ant robots.
Destroy the Virgin Roader.
However  Yatterwan is also destroyed.
Back home  Gan tries to rebuild Yatterwan.
Ai  jealous goes out for a walk.
The trio receive another message.
Another piece is in the Southern Halps.
It is then revealed.
Dokurobei wants Doronjo.
Meanwhile  things start to disappear.
Omotchama   disappears  as well.
He can tell the truth.
Who has been analyzing the Stone.
Ai discovers another scam  involving a sushi restaurant  to raise money for their new robot  a giant squid.
She also overhears.
The last piece is hidden.
The Dorombo trio then set out.
Gan reads  the Skull pieces  put back together  will destroy the flow of time itself  causing the disappearance of all things.
The analysis made before it disappeared.
The only way to stop this is to destroy the Stone.
When the pieces are reunited.
The Yatterman duo set out.
The trio find the final piece.
Dokurobei encases them.
When the heroes arrive.
Doronjo zaps Ai to force the Yatterman duo apart  only to finally discover the true love.
Shoko realizes  Dr Kaieda manages to separate himself.
Dokurebei has possessed her father and due.
Fighting  Yatterman 1 and 2 defeat Dokurebei  receiving some unexpected help from Doronjo.
Having saved the day  Gan and Ai bid Shoko and her father farewell.
Who leave to explore the world some more.
The Dorombo Trio splits up too.
<EOS>
Dr Mills  a renowned cardiologist  and his wife Isabel  have had marital problem.
They live accompanied.
Unexpectedly Love Dr Mills falls with Julia  a young colleague  feeling alive once again.
You feel alive again.
Julia makes.
The doctors resorts to crime.
Is make easier.
<EOS>
Looking  The Angel was a Devil.
Moshe Guez follows director Avida Livny as he searches  his memories from the first Israeli horror film.
He has seen once  as a 10-year old.
Having forgotten  he discovers it again in a book by Meir Schnitzer concerning Israeli cinema.
Where it is described.
The first part focuses on the search in Israel.
Was produced  with Guez as the film director  scriptwriter  star  cinematographer  recorder and editor.
Who remember.
Who described it.
The second part   enables us to see for the first time scenes from the director s cut.
Takes part  where Guez and his family have been living since the.
<EOS>
Carmen  a young Spanish woman  has her hen s night.
Who is engaged to be married.
She is invited to participate.
Allows her to kiss the stranger before the marriage - symbolically kissing her single life goodbye and bringing luck for the future.
The man is Kit.
She chooses.
Both enjoy the kiss far more.
They have intended.
They fall.
Creates a love triangle.
Begins to take some surprising and dark twists.
What initially appears to be a typical urban love story.
It is revealed.
The circumstances have been arranged to create an emotional snuff film.
Unbeknownst  she has been cast as the female lead in this endeavor.
Barnaby has hired Kit to play a part  but has misled him by neglecting to mention.
He himself  the director  will take.
Barnaby is apparently unscrupulous.
He actually marries Carmen and later fakes a violent suicide.
She returns to Kit.
Who is also horrified  guilty  and never having met the husband  still as to the true identity of a man he knows only as Ford.
He admits to Carmen.
He has been paid to seduce her for a film  and that he regrets it immensely.
Barnaby   suddenly appears  offering Kit his final pay and removing camera equipment.
Whom Kit recognizes.
He previously has concealed without his knowledge.
He unravels his entire plan to the shocked  broken pair and bitterly ridicules them before leaving.
Several months later   Barnaby appears to have won Carmen back.
The film is about to open.
Which he is to accept a filmmakers  award.
It appears that Kit will have the ultimate revenge.
However  Carmen takes advantage.
Tragedy generates sensation and   the film enjoys a big opening.
Its clueless producers await trial.
Which Carmen and Kit arrive.
<EOS>
Set  the film begins with Rabbi Loew  the head of the city s Jewish community  reading the stars.
Loew predicts disaster and brings his assistant Famulus to inform the elders of the community.
The next day the Holy Roman Emperor Luhois signs a royal decree declaring.
The Jews must leave the city.
Luhois sends the knight Florian to deliver the decree.
Loew meanwhile begins to devise a way.
The arrogant Florian falls in love with Miriam  Loew s daughter.
Whom Famulus shares affection.
Loew talks Florian.
It is he who predicts disasters and tells the horoscopes  and requests an audience with him.
Having courted  Florian leaves.
Loew begins to create a huge monster out.
He will bring to defend his people.
Florian returns later from Luhois for Loew to attend the Rose Festival at the palace.
He shares a romantic moment.
Loew reveals that he has secretly created the Golem  and requires his assistance to animate it.
Loew and Famulus summon the demon Astaroth.
Is then enclosed.
The amulet comes.
It inserted.
Famulus tames the Golem.
The Rabbi uses it.
He brings the Golem to impress the audience.
When Loew is summoned.
Florian meanwhile slips away.
Whose house is being guarded under Loew s instruction.
Back the court is both terrified and intrigued by the arrival of the Golem.
Impressed  Luhois asks to see more supernatural feats.
Loew projects a magical screen showing the history  instructing his audience not to make a noise.
The court begins to laugh.
The palace suddenly crumbles.
The Golem intervenes and props up the falling ceiling  saving the court.
The building collapses.
Luhois pardons the Jews and allows them to stay in the city.
Loew and the Golem return  spreading the news.
The Jews are saved.
Loew returns and begins to notice erratic behaviour in the Golem.
He reads.
Upcoming astrological movements will cause Astaroth to possess the Golem and attack its creators.
Loew removes the amulet and is called down to join in the celebrations in the street.
Famulus goes to inform Miriam and bring her to the synagogue but finds her in bed with Florian.
Devastated  Famulus reanimates the Golem and orders.
It to remove Florian.
But the Golem  now  literally does so by throwing Florian from the roof of the house  killing him.
Horrified  Famulus and Miriam flee  but the Golem sets fire.
Miriam falls unconscious.
Famulus rushes to alert the praying Jews of the disaster  but upon their arrival at Loew s house.
They find that it is burning and both the Golem and Miriam are missing.
Despaired  the community begs to save them from the rampaging Golem.
Loew performs a spell.
Removes Astaroth.
Promptly the Golem   leaves Miriam  and heads.
Who is wandering the ghetto causing destruction.
Whom he has been dragging through the streets  lying on a stone surface.
He breaks the gate open and sees a group.
They all flee.
Whom he picks up  having developed a docile nature.
She removes the amulet from the Golem.
It drops her and collapses.
Loew meanwhile finds Miriam.
Who awakes shortly.
Happily reunited  they are awkwardly joined.
Who informs him that the Jews are waiting by the gate.
Loew having left  Famulus promises  and asks in return for forgiveness for his actions.
He will never tell anyone with Florian.
The Jews meanwhile gather.
Rejoicing and praying  they carry it back.
The film ends.
<EOS>
Two best friends  Ravi and Paul  go.
Where they attend an all night  eye-opening gay sex party.
Surprised  the boys fall into the steadily growing Indian gay culture.
Ravi is especially bitten hard.
He falls but deeply closeted Mani.
Will caste  economics and customs allow these two love birds a happy ending or will.
The forces keep them apart.
The camera lingers over the hot bodies and never shirks from giving gay men a sexuality seldom seen from this part of the world.
Sridhar Rangayan uses both traditional and experimental film techniques to build a story in a society.
Is only now beginning to accept gay people.
<EOS>
Late one night  near Billings  Montana  a gas tanker is driving.
When a small meteor suddenly hits.
The driver attempts to swerve out  but loses control and overturns.
The tanker explodes  causing a massive fire.
The next morning  the fire is burning out.
It is reported.
The tanker was hit.
Adam Marquez are flying via helicopter over the area  inspecting the fire.
When they notice that two people are still.
It s a man  trying to save it  despite his wife s protests.
Jack and Adam land and take the woman aboard.
Her husband starts to suffer.
When Jack manages to get him.
Jack just barely manages to escape.
A propane tank causes a massive explosion and destroys the home.
They escape.
Later that evening   Dr Lily McKee  the Observatory s director  is observing a comet.
Is going to pass on the 4th of July.
Later on   she sees.
When she goes home and looks.
What she believes are asteroids.
The next day  she informs Jack and Adam and calls them in.
She tells them  Helios and Eros.
Whose orbits have been disrupted and may hit the Earth.
Helios would hit and generate temperatures five times hotter than the Sun in the area of impact.
Everything would be destroyed.
The impact would also spray molten rock another 70 miles.
Eros is four miles across and would cause a global ecological disaster.
It did indeed hit.
Then  Max Jenson  one  informs Lily  Jack and Adam.
They believe.
A small one hit Montana.
Jack and Adam realize.
The fire was indeed caused.
Later on  Lily and Max check Helios  trajectory and realize.
It will indeed hit the Earth.
Their numbers show.
Helios will hit within about 48 hours.
They tell the president.
The city be evacuated ASAP.
Ultimately a fragment strikes a dam in the Kansas City area  causing flooding in the city.
Wallach   gets caught.
Who drives.
He and the firefighters survive.
The drunk driver dies.
Unfortunately it is discovered and will be an extinction-level event.
Eros will hit also.
The United States attempts to destroy Eros using lasers mounted.
The lasers work.
The third is damaged.
When the jet carrying it takes off and climbs through a violent storm.
The attack is partially successful.
The lasers break it up into many smaller pieces.
Several fragments hit Dallas.
Where Lily s son and Lily s father are.
The city is devastated.
Lily desperately searches the city  but her father ends up trapped and hurt.
Who survive.
Her son Elliot wanders off trying to find help.
Lily locates her father.
Rescues him  but goes on to try to rescue Elliot.
The soldier who accompanied her goes back  although a fireman does accompany her.
The two search the ruined city and finally locate Elliot.
Jack shows up to help  having learned their location from Lilly s former escort.
He rescues Elliot and the four return to base.
Where they watch the comet pass and are relieved it wo nt return to cause trouble for another 4000 years.
<EOS>
The clothing department s floor requires renovation   management sends them.
Rather than let the staff sit idle while the area is closed off.
Their hotel and its surroundings prove to be dismal.
The group try to pass the time.
They have developed in the workplace.
This results.
Multiple amorous notes reach the wrong recipients and everyone gets wrong ideas.
Meanwhile the hotel manager receives an unwelcome visit.
Who is plotting a revolutionary uprising.
The Grace Brothers staff get a nasty ending to their holiday  narrowly surviving a gunfight between the revolutionaries and federal troops.
They are inadvertently saved.
Arrive. 
Who wanted to visit his beleaguered underlings but could nt find a taxi.
<EOS>
A year  a Monsignor comes to find.
Dracula has been destroyed.
The altar boy is now a frightened mute.
The villagers refuse to attend Mass.
The shadow touches it.
The Priest has apparently lost his faith.
To bring  the Monsignor climbs to the Castle to exorcise it.
The Priest can not follow him up the mountain.
The Monsignor continues alone.
A storm strikes.
The Monsignor exorcises the castle  attaching a large metal cross.
The Priest tries to run  but falls and is knocked out  cutting his head.
His blood trickles  through a crack in the melting ice it trickles on to the lips of the preserved body of Count Dracula and brings it to life.
The Monsignor goes back.
The Priest had already safely returned  and assures the villagers.
The castle is sanctified to protect them.
He returns.
Unknown  the Priest is under the control of the resurrected Count.
Furious  Dracula demands.
The cross prevents him.
The enslaved Priest says who is responsible.
The Priest leads Dracula.
He discovers a new victim.
First  Dracula bites and enslaves Zena the tavern girl.
Zena almost succeeds.
However  Maria s boyfriend Paul works.
He rescues her.
Dracula punishes the tavern girl by biting and killing her.
The Priest is summoned to burn her corpse.
She turns.
He helps Dracula find Maria.
Dracula comes at night over the rooftops.
The scene is intense and ends pushing away her china doll.
Where he bites her.
The Monsignor sees the signs in his niece and follows the fleeing figure  but is knocked insensible on the rooftop by the Priest.
He recruits Paul to help.
Paul is an atheist.
His love drives him.
Unwittingly he enlists the Priest s help.
Who  unable to break free  tries to attack Paul.
Paul forces the Priest to lead him beyond the tavern bakery.
They stake Dracula  the faithless Priest and the atheist Paul can not complete the rite.
Dracula removes the stake himself.
He draws Maria on the rooftop.
They are pursued.
Dracula carries Maria  orders.
Her to remove the metal cross.
She tumbles it.
Paul faces the Count.
Dracula drops over the parapet and lands on his back  impaled on the cross.
He fights to free himself  bleeding heavily.
The Priest recites the Lord s Prayer and Count Dracula perishes  dissolving.
Reunited  Paul crosses himself over the spectacle.
<EOS>
The story takes place.
Marlene Dietrich plays a woman  but no money to satisfy her taste for the best things in life.
She is dazzled.
Who is also trying to recuperate his debts.
To attract the woman  is his meal ticket  the poor Italian noble man enlists the help.
Who he thinks.
Whom he owes money.
The film s most famous scene comes.
When Marlene Dietrich sings Back Home will be the man to make her rich.
<EOS>
Lori is an unhappy 15/16-year-old girl.
Who lives.
She receives sexual attention.
Eric Komenko is an 18-year-old boy.
Who has killed his parents.
Incarcerated  Komenko frequently gets visits.
Cristofuoro  the detective.
Who arrested him.
Cristofuoro is convinced.
Komenko is a psychopath  that he killed two teenage girls previously  and that he will kill again.
He lives.
Eric is released.
His release attracts some media attention.
Leads Lori to seek out Eric.
Lori gets.
She falls asleep.
Lori pops up.
When Eric leaves.
Eric is driving.
The scare and near accident cause a bit.
Follows. 
Reluctantly  Eric allows Lori to continue the journey.
She tells him she saw.
Him kiss shortly before he murdered his parents.
Eric realizes.
She saw him.
Each time he is thwarted.
It is revealed.
Maria  the girl Eric was to meet  was bait in a plot to find Eric in order to trap him before he repeats his past mistakes.
Lori warns him.
He harms Maria.
Eric is released.
Cristofuoro can not charge Eric.
Lori is warned.
Lori commits suicide.
When Eric and Lori make a boat trip.
She is unable to swim.
Eric tries to save her  but.
Eric is then seen.
Cristofuoro explains.
The detective admits.
Eric belongs and expects Lori s death will provide enough reason to keep Eric imprisoned.
It is revealed.
Lori saw Eric put the dead girl.
<EOS>
An old man his his beautiful daughter are lured with the promise of a share in a deceased person s estate.
The father finds.
The fortune was made.
The old man joins the drug trade.
A detective investigates and falls.
The drug smuggler is unmasked  the old man is exonerated.
The detective is united.
<EOS>
Sergeant Bradley Roback and his squad vanished.
Serving. 
Their equipment and vehicles being found abandoned  with no signs of a struggle.
Days turned up unconscious outside of their base.
They were found to be suffering  Brad lost the ability to walk  see in color and taste  and is plagued by frequent and severe headaches.
When the men woke up.
Are exacerbated.
Brad is eventually sent home  Ashley s insensitive boyfriend  Gavyn.
Where his strange condition causes some tension  something not helped.
Initially  Brad appears fine mentally  but deteriorate  he has periods  suffers from seizures  a strange wound on his right foot worsens  he becomes even more gaunt  his eyes and tongue swell  his fingernails and teeth yellow.
Hours pass his body and mind.
He begins expelling a black fluid.
Brad is found by his mother  Karmen  ingesting a large amount of salt in the kitchen  having apparently entered the room under his own power.
Brad returns  and becomes semi-catatonic  refusing to move and denying.
His mother gets his wheelchair.
He needs to go when his brother Bruce suggests it.
His blunt comments sparks a brief fight between him and Bruce.
When Gavyn stops.
Brad wheels  stands up  and attacks Gavyn.
Bruce goes outside to cool off  and gets.
Gavyn s screams alert Bruce and Karmen   and Brad convulsing.
Who find him dead.
Ashley leads their traumatized mother.
Bruce tries to revive Brad.
As soon  Brad springs  rips Bruce s lower jaw off  and clumsily stumbles after his mother and sister  emitting bizarre  animalistic noises.
Ashley and Karmen leave.
Brad finds Ashley and Karmen  and kills the former.
Karmen bludgeons him  prompting a slug-like creature to burst out of his sella turcica.
Brad struggles to get.
Karmen beats Brad and the entity.
The film ends.
Karmen s husband returning home to discover his wife has hung herself.
<EOS>
A social drama plays out  Ballhaus-Else  a prostitute  lives together with her boyfriend Leo  a peaceful bar musician  in St.
Pauli.
One day  Matrosen-Karl  a thief  finds a hideout at Else s.
She is fascinated.
Who promises her a more exciting and better life.
Together they want to leave Hamburg.
Leo - - lets them go.
Who feels inferior.
But then Karl gets arrested.
The most important characteristic is the use of local people  including those of somewhat gritty character  as extras playing parts.
They actually lived.
<EOS>
Hazzard follows up on the first reunion movie  The Dukes of Hazzard  Reunion.
When an old enemy.
D.
Hogg  Ezra Bushmaster  arrives  he donates a significant amount of money to the hospital fund  on the condition.
The people are able to raise the rest by a certain amount of time.
A music promoter says.
He ll buy the master tapes who performed in Hazzard.
So the Dukes decide to travel to sell some country music recordings to raise the rest of the money.
They are joined.
Coltrane named Einstein  Cooter Davenport & Cletus Hogg in a truck carrying Daisy s Motorcycle.
They were shot at by a one eyed hitman.
Who was hired as it was later discovered to stop the Dukes.
They set up a camp  Enos Strate joins them but informs them they need permits to camp next to the Hollywood Sign.
They get.
Later  a couple steal the RV.
Was. 
Soon  the boy s older brother arrives.
They thank Bo and Luke and.
What they can do  invite them to a block party where Bo falls in love with a cousin of Cipriano.
The next morning  they get information.
The RV is.
They get there  the RV has been chopped for parts.
But the music recordings were not inside  so they continue looking.
When The General Lee s transmission goes out.
They are confronted.
Who threatens to take their car which she thinks has a racing engine she wants  which they do nt have.
She asks.
Them  You boys are nt  are you.
She fixes The General Lee to Uncle Jesse s old barbecue sauce.
Daisy gets work as a stuntwoman.
Rosco meets up.
The music promoter was a big old fraud.
Had tangled as has the loan shark.
The boys eventually retrieve the music  and discover.
Ezra Bushmaster  the man who donated the money was the same man behind the theft all along.
<EOS>
Two college girls  Ducky and Ginger  meet their naive friend  Sarah.
The house belongs and to their luck has allowed them to use his house for the summer.
He is gone.
The two plan the first.
After Ducky and Ginger arrive.
The two continue the plans.
Eventually  Sarah s resistance fades and joins.
<EOS>
The film revolves.
It is headed with his emotionally drained assistant Puffy.
Meanwhile  Lee Kwok Kit  a kung fu expert   ultimately loses his job.
Who works and spends most of the time doing kung fu tricks to impress a girl.
Seeking to find another line  Lee attempts to joins Wong s detective agency.
Involves his snatching trick.
Then   Wong discovers.
It appears that Lee would not get the job.
His wallet was missing and was presumed stolen.
Wong s onslaught backfires.
Lee intercepts him and recovers the wallet  thus impressed Wong to hire him.
As the thief walks away.
The wallet was in Wong s possession the whole time  they attacked an innocent bystander and stole his wallet.
The trio work together to serve their clients.
They were hired by a woman to capture photos of his husband s affair with another woman.
She can get reward money.
Later  they were also hired to foil an upcoming shoplifting case.
Leads where Lee puts his kung fu skills in use to fight thugs.
The most important part is.
When a gang led by Uncle Nine who demands ransom from a cinema mogul.
He then leads his gang to extort movie goers.
Wong is one.
Who struggles in the mayhem  injuring his leg in the process.
Lee   catches a few of the thugs and beats them up.
Later  the gang leaves.
One thugs stole.
Lee had defeated the thug earlier.
He drives them.
Lee turns on the freezer.
Freezes the gang.
Lee hands in the thugs to a police sergeant.
Who appears  both as a pursuer and as an investigation case to Wong and Lee.
Lee later receives a good citizen award and leaves Wong s agency to start his own.
Puffy also joins Lee.
Months later  an injured Wong returns.
Who all went.
Lee makes a deal to work together with Lee getting a higher share of profits.
Wong refuses  and later learned a snatching trick.
Who was doing it.
Lee then offers a deal to work.
Where they share half.
The Front Page  unrelated  reunites the trio of the Hui Brothers.
Is also the last film the three appeared together.
This time the story revolves.
Their exploits throughout the film resulted in investigation on celebrity scandals and their unfortunate situation involving the trio and a group of bank robbers.
<EOS>
A teenaged son has run away.
His father is ineffective  so his mother contacts two former lovers from around the time  telling them both and asking them to look for him.
Her son was conceived.
The child is their son.
One is a tough journalist investigating the Mafia.
The other is a timid former teacher who was.
The two former boyfriends finally meet.
Together they locate the son.
They both argue.
Who is really the father.
The son tells both Depardieu and Richard.
His mother thinks that he is the father.
Thus  the son adopts both as his fathers  and also reconciles with his real father.
<EOS>
Durga and Vikram Kapoor have been married.
Vikram has taken has antagonized a rival gangster  Jaggi.
Durga gives birth.
Jaggi steals one  and sells him to a bootlegger  Pascal.
Durga is upset.
When she finds her son missing  but is devastated when Vikram abandons her.
Durga brings up her son  Kishan  and has given up on finding her other son.
Kishan has grown up and is now a dedicated police officer.
Pascal has exploited Amit  kept him illiterate  doing petty crime and alcoholic.
This gets him but ironically the two settle their differences and become fast friends.
Vikram is still alive and is not aware.
He hires Amit to kill Kishan during a Navratri dance at Maa Sherawali s temple.
Amit informs Kishan and together  keep vigil.
Things do not go as planned  they are attacked.
Kishan loses his eyesight and may never get to see again leaving the onus to try to locate the person behind this crime.
<EOS>
Lorenzo is portrayed as a bright and vibrant young boy.
He begins to show neurological problems  loss.
When his parents relocate.
The boy is diagnosed.
Is fatal.
Failing to find a doctor capable  Augusto and Michaela Odone set out on a mission to find a treatment to save their child.
The Odones clashed with doctors  scientists  and support groups.
Who were skeptical that anything could be done  much less by laypeople.
But they persisted  setting up camp  reviewing animal experiments  enlisting the aid of Professor Gus Nikolais  badgering researchers  questioning top doctors all over the world  and even organizing an international symposium about the disease.
They persisted.
They finally hit.
They contacted.
They found an elderly British chemist working.
The oil  erucic acid  proved successful acids in the brain.
Had been causing their son s steady decline  thereby halting the progression.
There was still a great deal.
Could not be reversed unless new treatments could be found to regenerate the myelin sheath.
The father is seen taking.
The film ends at the age of 14 showing definite improvement but indicating more medical research.
Is still needed.
The end credits note.
Lorenzo also regained his sight and was learning to use a computer.
<EOS>
Mata Nui  the Great Spirit  has been exiled from his home by his brother  the evil Makuta Teridax.
Teridax took over his gigantic robot body and placed Mata Nui s spirit.
Teridax then banished the mask.
Order to prevent Mata Nui.
The mask crash lands called Bara Magna  a remote  decaying wasteland of scrap parts and burnished metals.
A Scarabax beetle watches.
The Mask creates a body for Mata Nui  who almost steps on the Scarabax.
He picks up the Scarabax.
Who touches his mask.
The beetle changes into a living weapon.
Just then  a being called.
Flees without its stinger.
Has fallen off.
Mata Nui picks up the stinger.
The fast-talking Agori recruiter takes Mata Nui to Vulcanus.
He tells the once ruler on Bara Magna.
Local villages scavenge.
What remains  building shelters  survival gear and ultimately arenas where they can settle their disputes.
Putting the best Glatorian  tribes can quickly end quarrels based on the outcome of the fight.
Metus introduces Mata Nui.
Who is too interested to talk.
Strakk eventually falls  but gets up and fells Ackar after conceding  a move.
Gets him banned.
Mata Nui intervenes and gets beaten down.
The mask transforms it.
Mata Nui tries to use the stinger to defend himself.
Mata Nui quickly defeated Strakk  gaining Ackar.
Metus later attempts.
Who refuses.
Ackar introduces the hero.
Kiina would like to leave Bara Magna with Mata Nui  believing.
Anywhere is better.
The three Glatorians are ambushed by a Skopio beast  along with a group of Bone Hunters.
Who were told the Glatorians location.
They discover.
Tajun had been raided  despite the fact that the two forces were rival tribes.
A Glatorian rookie  Gresh  had been trying to defend the village and was badly injured.
The heroes follow Kiina.
Where they encounter Berix  a thief.
The other three discover a hidden chamber containing a picture.
Berix tends.
Was once Mata Nui s body.
Gresh complains  then Ackar wonders.
The Glatorians leave.
The Vorox tail would work.
Mata Nui successfully repairs and transforms the weapons.
These weapons grant the Glatorian elemental abilities of fire  water  and air for Ackar  Kiina  and Gresh  respectively.
The three practice their newfound powers.
They travel while Ackar teaches Mata Nui to stay alert in battle and to study and find his opponent s weakness.
The four Glatorian stop a fight between Vastus and Tarix  telling the crowd of Agori.
They must unite their villages.
Mata Nui proves his worth weapons.
Kiina follows a mysterious figure.
It turns out to be Berix.
Kiina is now convinced.
Berix is the traitor.
But then  the actual traitor corrects Kiina.
The two are then captured.
Back alert the Glatorian about Kiina and Berix s kidnapping.
Mata Nui ignores Ackar s and Gresh s offers and sets off for the Skrall camp on his own.
Kiina and Berix are held at the Skrall camp.
Arguing. 
Mata Nui confronts Tuma  the Skrall leader and challenges him  and eventually defeats him.
The traitor  now revealed to be Metus  appears.
He claims Tuma s shield and frees Kiina and Berix.
He explains.
He got the nomads and the Skrall to unite.
Now the Skrall and Bone Hunters to kill off the three.
Just then  the Skrall and Bone Hunters are attacked.
Mata Nui gives Berix Tuma s shield  and after lots  defeats a pack of bone hunters.
Mata Nui sees Metus fleeing and follows him.
A couple  sending him tumbling to the feet of Mata Nui.
Mata Nui picks him up and   presses the traitor to his mask  transforming Metus into a snake as a representation of.
What he truly is.
He claims.
He slithered away.
His united army can not be defeated.
Realizing this to be the key  Mata Nui has the Glatorians combine their powers against the waves of Skrall and Bone Hunters.
The Glatorian rejoice  except for Kiina.
Who believes Berix to be killed.
She quickly finds him alive holding a Skrall shield.
The Scarabax beetles pulling the villages together  they notice.
The combined villages formed a large robotic body  similar.
To further this  Berix pulls out a coin and the Mask of Life symbol on one side  and the Skrall symbol on the other.
Berix shows them the Skrall shield and acknowledges.
They are both similar and that the mazelike symbol forms a map.
Kiina  Gresh  and Berix prepare to set off for their next adventure with a legend  reborn.
<EOS>
The film was originally intended to have two acts  it was finally decided.
It would work better.
Order to increase the tension.
The film opens in the late summer of.
There is a mounting tension set.
The Jets harass the Sharks and vice versa  culminating.
Eventually  the Sharks catch the youngest member.
All the other Jets and Sharks rush in and start brawling.
They begin to bloody him.
Soon  Lieutenant Schrank and Officer Krupke arrive and break up the melee.
Schrank orders the Sharks to make nice with them Puerto Ricans.
There ll be a price to pay.
The Jets discuss challenging the Sharks.
Schrank and Krupke are gone.
Will decide who gets control.
They decide to deliver the challenge at a dance later that night.
It is neutral territory.
Riff also explains.
They have seen other gangs come and go.
The Jet members state.
The Sharks are different.
However Riff eases the statement.
No matter the odds or the situation the Jets will always pull through.
Riff decides.
His best friend Tony Wycek  a co-founder who has left the gang to work at a local candy/drug store  would be the best member to present the challenge to the Sharks because he has always come through for the Jets.
Riff visits Tony and asks him to come to the dance.
Tony is not interested.
He tells Riff.
He senses something very important is about to happen.
Tony changes his mind and agrees to meet him and the Jets at the dance  in case.
It is there that he will discover that something.
Bernardo  along  Chino  arrives to take his sister Maria and his girlfriend Anita to the dance.
Is held.
The host tries to get the members of the rival gangs to dance together.
Even so  the rival gang members and their girlfriends remain apart.
Tony and Maria see each other  become infatuated  going into a trance-like state  and begin to dance  oblivious to the rivalry between their ethnic groups.
They eventually kiss.
Bernardo angrily interrupts them.
He orders Maria home and tells Tony to stay away.
It s.
Riff proposes a war council.
Tony leaves.
Maria is sent home.
Anita argues.
They are.
Anita and other girls from Puerto Rico engage in a spirited argument with Bernardo in defense of Maria s right to dance with whomever.
She pleases.
They debate the advantages and disadvantages.
Eventually the women and the men disperse.
Bernardo and his gang go.
Tony discreetly visits Maria at her home.
They confirm their love.
They arrange to meet the next day.
Where Maria works.
Meanwhile  the Jets gather outside.
They are visited.
Who warns them not to cause trouble.
They lampoon him and the various theories.
He leaves.
To deal.
Doc is about to close the store.
The Jets convince him to stay open.
The Sharks finally arrive.
The war council begins.
Tony arrives and calls them chickens for having to fight with weapons.
He demands.
They have a fair one-on-one fist fight.
The gang leaders agree  representing the Sharks and Ice representing the Jets.
They are soon alerted  so the gangs quickly intermix together and feign happiness and fun.
Schrank pretends and remarks.
It is a good thing that they are getting along.
He might even get a promotion.
He knows.
What they are up.
Schrank stamping orders the Puerto Ricans out  then asks the Jets.
Where the rumble is taking place.
Who Schrank implies his mother is a prostitute  which angers Action who almost attacks Schrank  but is restrained to the lieutenant s pleasure.
Soon  the Jets disperse and Schrank leaves as well  leaving Tony and Doc alone.
Tony   surprises Doc and tells him.
Who is.
The day comes.
A distressed Doc closes the store and Tony leaves.
Maria sings to her co-workers about.
Happy and excited she is.
Anita tells Maria accidentally.
Everyone leaves.
Anita tells Maria to go home.
Maria insists.
She wants to close the store because she has work to do.
Suddenly  Tony arrives to see Maria  leaving Anita.
Tony tells Anita and Maria s love.
Anita mocks Maria.
She shows some tolerance but worries.
Anita is initially shocked to see that Maria and Tony are having a romance.
Bernardo were to find out.
Anita   leaves to prepare after the rumble.
Who is also Maria s roommate.
Maria pleads to prevent the rumble altogether.
If it is only a fist fight.
Tony promises to do so.
Then Tony and Maria  using clothes  fantasize about their wedding.
They use.
The headless mannequins.
They exchange.
Wedding vows and kiss.
A musical montage intertwines the feelings.
Anita preparing with Bernardo.
The Jets and Sharks arrive.
Tony arrives and tries to stop it  but is met from Bernardo and the Sharks.
The fair fight begins.
Unable to stand and watch his best friend be humiliated  Riff angrily lashes out and punches Bernardo.
Drawing their knives  Riff and Bernardo fight each other.
Riff gets the upper hand attempting to stab.
Bernardo but Tony stops him.
Riff breaks away and runs back to be fatally stabbed by Bernardo.
Riff collapses.
Handing the knife looks shocked at what he has done.
Enraged  Tony kills Bernardo  resulting in a full-fledged melee.
Suddenly  police sirens blare out.
The gang members flee  leaving.
Blissfully unaware.
What has happened.
One   arrives and angrily tells her.
Whom Maria has been promised to.
Tony killed her brother.
Tony arrives.
Initially Maria lashes out in anger  but Tony explains.
What happened and asks before he plans to turn himself in to the police.
Maria decides.
She still loves Tony and begs him to stay.
They reaffirm their love  kiss  and make love.
Meanwhile  the Jets have reassembled.
Action demands revenge.
Baby John as well as A-Rab  opposes it.
Action yells  A-Rab protects Baby-John and lashes out against Action  then tensions flare amongst several Jets.
They each quietly file out and make their way back to Doc s Candy Store and warns them.
When all have cooled down.
When Anybodys  a tomboy who is desperate to join the Jets  arrives.
Chino is now.
Ice sends the Jets to find Tony and warn him.
Anybodys  persistence finally pays off.
Ice asks her to search in and out and commends her for her deed.
She and Tony have just finished making love.
Tony puts a small mysterious box with the words Capullo de Rosa.
The couple hear Anita arriving home.
Maria and Tony make quick  whispered arrangements to meet and run away together to marry.
Anita hears and knows.
Something is going on.
Tony escapes and flees.
Anita sees him running away.
Anita chides Maria.
Anita says.
A man who kills is bad.
She soon softens.
Maria sings back.
Maria s heartfelt love wins.
Anita agrees to cooperate with a plan to help Maria and Tony run away and marry.
She is her friend.
Anita quickly tells Maria.
Chino is searching with a gun.
Lieutenant Schrank arrives and questions Maria.
Maria is protective and lies to cover for him.
To deceive the policeman  Maria sends Anita.
She is fetching medicine.
She asks Anita to say.
She has been detained  explaining she would have gone herself otherwise.
Anita s real purpose is to tell Tony.
Maria is detained.
But her until Doc stops them.
When Anita enters the drugstore and asks.
Infuriated  Anita gives the Jets a different message for Tony  Maria is dead  shot by Chino for loving Tony.
Doc reproaches the Jets  then delivers the message.
Tony runs to find Chino  shouting Come and get me  too.
Tony suddenly sees Maria.
They begin to run with joy.
Suddenly  Chino appears and shoots Tony.
Maria and a fatally wounded Tony reaffirm their love.
The Jets and Sharks arrive.
Tony dies.
Maria takes the gun and blames the rival gang members for the deaths of Tony  Bernardo  and Riff with their hate  threatening to kill as many of them.
She can.
Still leaving one bullet.
However  she ca nt do it and drops the gun.
Three start lifting his body and two Sharks join them to help carry him off.
Maria and several Jets and Sharks walk in a funeral procession.
Chino is arrested and led away for killing Tony.
<EOS>
Malcolm Turner has been assigned a desk job as an FBI agent.
He wants to live during her delivery for the couple s new baby boy.
Meanwhile  an incident occurs.
Where Malcolm s old friend  Doug Hudson  has been killed while he was going undercover.
FBI agent Kevin Keneally is doing surveillance.
S.
Army military intelligence specialist named Tom Fuller  called National Agenda Software.
Who has since retired and is working.
The FBI has reasons to believe.
Tom is developing a computer worm which will create backdoors.
S.
Intelligence agency databases.
Malcolm  affected  asks FBI chief  Crawford to put him on the case.
Crawford refused Malcolm and tells him to stay away.
Malcolm finds out.
The FBI is sending one to infiltrate Fuller s house as a nanny.
Giving Sherry the pretext  Malcolm leaves for Orange County  taking with him the Big Momma costume.
Malcolm reprises his disguise.
Showing up.
Mrs Fuller is interviewing several other candidates.
Big Momma eliminates the three other applicants by pointing out the sexually attractive qualities of the first  the drug use of the second  and the concealed firearm of the third.
Big Momma meets the three Fuller children  Molly  Carrie  and Andrew.
Big Momma is fired  and works all night cleaning up and makes a large breakfast.
Mrs Fuller changes her mind.
When the family awakes to find this.
Big Momma is soon accepted and becomes a daily part of their lives.
His tasks include accompanying Mrs Fuller  taking the family to the beach  watching out for trouble  and simply playing a game of bingo as part of her routine.
Molly calls him.
Big Momma finds out the password.
Who tells her that she needs her.
Big Momma goes  only to find.
Molly was lured.
Big Momma and Molly are tied up and placed.
Big Momma has a switchblade.
Molly reaches and uses to free them.
He sees.
They are giving a disc to a man who puts it in his laptop and is granted full access to FBI data.
Big Momma gets and jumps it onto the dock  sending it into two men  and landing on one himself.
Big Momma helps Tom.
They attempt to escape  but one shot him.
The FBI shows up.
Keneally gave Malcolm the handcuffs to put  but Malcolm tells the agent in charge.
Tom s family was threatened  and that no charges should be filed.
Malcolm and Keneally agree.
The case is closed.
Sometimes later  Big Momma goes.
Their stuntwoman broke her leg.
Big Momma helps them out.
He later leaves and gives the family a farewell letter saying.
He must go on.
To look out.
One day he might be back.
<EOS>
A young couple tries to hide their marriage and the wife s supposed pregnancy from the draconian book-keeper of their employer  thrills at their expense himself.
Who has banned female employees but does not mind a few cheap.
An elderly citizen is fed up with too much immorality in the form of indecent content in print.
His anger knows no bounds.
When a provocative billboard is put up in a park near his residence.
Little does.
He know how that billboard will go on to change his life.
Children are heard singing the jingle Bevete piu latte  bevete piu latte - Drink more milk.
George to spear the dragon - he is pursued and captured.
His umbrella falls between her breasts.
Il Lavoro is.
The husband is caught visiting prostitutes.
La Riffa shows a lottery.
Zoe  however  has other plans.
<EOS>
Per Sollum Pillai has Kamal Haasan.
Who was adopted.
K.
R.
Vijaya  the mother  raises him as one of the family.
Though others see his as a servant.
Relatives and friends see Kamal as a thorn in their plans to control the wealth of the family.
Manipulating Vijaya s son  they accuse Kamal and throw him out of the house.
They are forced.
Though Vijaya and her husband do nt believe others.
Kamal works very hard and becomes rich.
Meanwhile  the Vijaya s family is manipulated.
Kamal helps his brothers and sisters recover and finally re-unite the entire family back into one roof again.
<EOS>
Yacouba Moumouni  aka Denke-Denke  is a famous Nigerien flautist  songwriter and singer.
Could this child  who left his village when he was only 10 years old  overcame life s hurdles  and became one of the most beautiful voices in Africa.
<EOS>
Sang-Do is a fast talking crystal meth dealer.
Who considers himself more.
Sang-Do has been involved.
His uncle was a drug dealer  specializing.
Sangdo s mother died.
When one blew up in an accident.
Do Jin-Gwang is a hard nosed cop.
Does nt always play.
Doh s partner died 4 years ago  while trying to take down the top drug dealer.
Do has been driven to arrest Jang-Chul and this time.
He plans to use Sang-Do to finally take him down.
<EOS>
The Inspector and Sergeant Deux-Deux are assigned to take down a notorious pique poquette named Spider Pierre  so named.
He has four arms and two legs.
Their first attempt to lure him out is.
Where The Inspector   goes in.
Orders a drink.
He puts his wallet.
Waiting. 
Where it is quickly snatched.
He goes to pay  and realizes.
He drinks his drink.
His wallet was taken.
The bartender then violently throws him out.
Undeterred  The Inspector obtains more money.
The Inspector tells him to synch his watch.
Deux-Deux could tell him that the money is play money belonging.
Spider Pierre sneaks up and takes just about everything out  convincing him.
They go to synchronize their watches.
They were dealing.
Pierre whips out his spider webley specialist and uses it to spin a web.
Chasing Spider Pierre.
Slingshots The Inspector s car back all the way  damaging it.
Later  Pierre sends a piece to the top of a building and climbs up  followed by the Inspector.
Chasing Spider Pierre.
Who afterwards walks like a highwire  only to meet Pierre at the other end holding the other end of it.
He lets go.
The Inspector swings  taking out part of the wall.
He crashes down  only to have a safe crash on him and send him through the pavement into a subway line.
The Inspector is chasing Spider Pierre again.
Pierre runs up the side.
The Inspector tries to do so at first himself  but falls down.
Undeterred again  he comes back  and starts running up the building after him.
However  Pierre opens a window.
He falls.
Who screams and chases him out  accusing him.
He lands  then springs back up to the woman.
When the Inspector hits the ground.
Who hits him again.
This keeps repeating.
He says  Well.
S cop biz.
It has its ups  and downs.
Finally  Deux-Deux faces Spider Pierre directly and threatens to let him have it.
He does nt surrender.
This prompts Pierre to laugh uncontrollably.
Deux-Deux blasts him and subdues him.
We see.
Not only is Spider Pierre  so is the Inspector  apparently for having counterfeit money on him.
The money he borrowed was his child s play money.
<EOS>
Broadcast is presented in a TV documentary style format  combining talking head interviews  news coverage clips and video surveillance footage surrounding the assassination of U.
S.
President George W.
Bush around a year earlier on 19 October.
The president is fatally shot.
He addresses an economic forum  before which an anti-war rally had taken place.
News outlets immediately begin reporting.
Earlier arrest and interrogate war-protesting detainees such as Frank Molini and Samir Masri  an IT professional of Syrian origin  Jamal Abu Zikri  becomes the prime suspect.
Vice President Dick Cheney  now president  uses the possible al-Qaeda relationship with the suspected assassin  Zikri  to push his own domestic political security agenda.
He calls.
S.
Citizens and resident aliens contemplates attacking Syria.
Zikri is convicted.
His wife Zahra listens.
S.
President and sentenced based upon dubious forensic evidence.
Meanwhile  a new report  substantiated  indicates.
Surfaces. 
The perpetrator is most likely her husband Al Claybon  a veteran  who lived in Rock Island  Illinois  and who also was the father of David Claybon  a U.
S.
Soldier recently killed.
The assassin   killed himself.
Who blames President Bush.
Claybon s suicide note  addressed.
Who was previously considered.
Government officials are deliberately delaying his legal appeal.
Moreover   Casey Claybon finds evidence of his father s planning of the shooting.
The most incriminating piece is a copy of a top secret presidential itinerary outlining  to the minute  President Bush s Chicago whereabouts on 19 October.
The news report ends.
S.
Government continues investigating.
Presidential assassin Al Claybon obtained that top secret document.
The final closing titles.
President Cheney s USA PATRIOT Act III.
S.
Stating the following  It has granted investigators unprecedented powers  and further expanded the powers of the executive branch.
<EOS>
Damadamm is.
Who writes scripts.
He works.
Shikha is totally over-possessive  and suspects him all the time.
Sameer ca nt dump her either.
He has no idea.
To get rid  until one day her family invites her over for a relatives  wedding.
She leaves.
Sameer gets his total freedom.
He drinks  parties and even flirts.
One day  enters a new girl at first-sight for both of them.
The two are then assigned to work together.
Sameer has to be careful.
Sanjana is his boss  younger sister.
Sameer and Sanjana start to fall in love.
Sameer even starts to ignore Shikha s phone calls.
Getting fed up  Shikha arrives.
The two break up.
She then starts friendship.
His boss arranges.
But Sameer eventually realizes  so he breaks the marriage with Sanjana.
He truly loved Shikha and ca nt live.
Therefore  his boss sacks him.
Whereas Sameer replies that he would rather pick his girlfriend Shikha.
Sameer manages to convince Shikha to give him another chance.
Later the boss rehires both Sameer & Shikha and even throws them a party.
<EOS>
Both Alf and his wife Melissa have returned home after being homesick.
Irritates Alf.
Has just had the utilities.
Is destroyed.
They arrive the house.
Paranoid Alf goes to report his suspicions.
The explosion was deliberate on the New Zealand Police  Inspector Evans.
Evans thinks.
Alf is upset and imagining things.
Alf later survives a car crash  however an examination lead Evans to believe.
Where his brakes were cut.
Shrapnel cut the brake line.
Alf and Melissa escape.
Where Alf s increasing paranoia leads him to establish a line around the property that drop noise making kitchen utensils.
Alf also arms himself.
They are joined.
Who eschews shooting bunnies and instead shoots until Alf kills him with his rifle.
Evans still thinks.
It s small calibre makes Alf s one shot one kill.
Everyone finally realises.
Alf is right when a helicopter drops two assassins who destroy the property that leads to a cross country chase across the Land of the Long White Cloud featuring nonstop car chases  assassination attempts and continuous references to.
<EOS>
Hilary ONeil is a pretty  outgoing yet cautious young woman.
Who has had little luck.
When she caught him cheating.
One day  Hilary answers an ad only to find herself being escorted out before the interview starts.
Victor Geddes is a well-educated  rich  and shy 28.
Victor s health worsens progressively  due.
The film progresses.
Victor hires Hilary to be his live-in caretaker.
He undergoes a traumatic course.
Hillary becomes insecure.
She studies healthier food in the kitchen.
He is finished and suggests they take a vacation to the coast.
They rent a house.
She begins to feel.
She s no longer needed to care.
They fall and continue living at the coast.
He s hiding his use to kill the pain.
They made there.
Victor starts acting aggressively and irrationally.
Victor collapses and is helped.
She searches the garbage and discovers his used syringes.
She confronts him.
He admits.
He was nt finished.
He explains.
He wants quality.
She says.
He s been lying.
She calls his Father.
He comes to take him home but he wants to stay.
Hilary and Victor reconnect.
He tells her.
He is leaving.
Who says Victor wants to spend one night alone.
They rented only to find Victor packing clothes  ready to run away and not go to the hospital.
Hilary confronts him.
Victor admits.
He s afraid.
Hilary finally tells Victor.
She loves him.
They then decide to go back.
Where he will fight with Hilary.
The last frame shows Victor and Hilary leaving the house.
Has a small picture.
<EOS>
The film begins.
When Mayu and Takuma were children.
They were friends.
They were 8 years old.
Takuma has a heart disease.
He is treated.
Who happens to be Mayu s father.
One day  Takuma and Mayu overhear.
Takuma will not live due to his condition.
However  their friendship grows.
Takuma becomes Mayu s first love.
Takuma promises to marry Mayu.
When they are out playing.
When they turn.
Time passes.
Mayu and Takuma have grown up and are attending junior high school  but their love remains unchanged.
However  Takuma   wanted to push away his feelings and distance himself from Mayu.
Who knows his days are numbered.
He can not stand to see her cry or hurt her more than he already has.
He promised.
He will leave Mayu.
He decided to attend an elite high school.
Takuma thinks that Mayu can not go.
Mayu managed to go into that school and had actually done well enough in the school s entrance examination.
She became the 1st year student body representative.
She scolded Takuma in the school hall.
When she should be making her welcome speech.
She told Takuma.
Even if he wanted to abandon her  it will not happen.
Therefore  they became known.
Mayu then meets Kou.
Who likes her and asked her to be his girlfriend.
However  Mayu refuses.
Takuma meets Teru  his old elementary school classmate and friend.
Mayu gets jealous.
When he spent a lot.
Kou asked Takuma to give Mayu.
Takuma should spare Mayu when Takuma died.
Mayu and Takuma broke.
Briefly because Takuma granted Teru her wish.
He found out.
When Takuma visited Teru the next day.
She had died.
Takuma then issued Kou a challenge - they would run a 100-meter race.
Kou accepted the challenge.
Takuma wins  and went to find Mayu.
That day  Kou went out as Mayu and Takuma  and was knocked down by a van.
He rushed.
Then  Takuma was informed.
He had a suitable heart donor.
Later  Mayu found out.
The donor was the now brain-dead Kou  and tried to hide the fact.
However  Takuma eventually found out and refused the donation.
Kou s family saw  and decided  and refused the donation as well.
Kou had shed tears.
There might be a miracle.
Mayu begged them many times.
They still refused to budge.
Later  Takuma suffered a heart attack.
He was rushed.
The doctor did not give him much chance.
Takuma prayed.
He could have just a short time more to live.
He got a miraculous recovery  and surprised Mayu.
He brought Mayu  visiting many places.
Finally.
Where they first kissed.
He was very lucky and was happy.
He had done when he was eight.
Takuma suffered another heart attack.
Takuma died.
Mayu went and opened his letter.
Told everyone to be happy when he was gone.
The film ends the urn containing Takuma s ashes  and went to a church to have a wedding  thus fulfilling their promise.
When they were young.
<EOS>
The film begins.
Married New York City businessman Frank Herlihy is accidentally killed.
Shortly afterward  misanthropic dentist Bertram Pincus has a near-death experience while during a colonoscopy.
He is able to see and communicate.
When he recovers.
Who populate the area.
The ghosts annoy Bertram.
Was left unfinished when they died.
Frank promises to keep the other ghosts away.
Bertram will break up an engagement.
Richard  a human-rights lawyer is dishonest.
Who Frank says.
Bertram eventually agrees and tries to woo Gwen away from Richard.
Bertram s past rudeness makes this difficult.
He attracts her interest.
She has been studying.
He decides.
When Bertram has dinner.
Richard is not as bad as Frank claimed  but Bertram himself begins to fall with Gwen.
She enjoys Bertram s sense.
Gwen reveals.
She learned the day he died  and when Richard visits Bertram for some dental work  Bertram drugs him with laughing gas in order to make him reveal that Gwen has broken their engagement.
Frank does nt understand.
He is still if his unfinished business was to break up Richard and Gwen.
Gwen  not being engaged any longer  says yes to a proposal.
Would send her in Egypt for six months.
Bertram gets her a new key chain from a fancy jeweler s.
She had earlier mentioned that she desperately needed one.
But  she demands the truth.
When he mistakenly reveals information that only Frank could have known.
Bertram tells her the whole story.
Gwen does nt believe him and demands to know.
What Frank s worst nightmare was.
Frank lies to Bertram  telling him a fake nightmare.
Gwen  thinking  walks away and stops talking.
Bertram has been lying and playing some kind of game.
Bertram demands to know.
Frank lied about the nightmare.
Frank says.
You re a heartless son-of-a-bitch who does nt give a rat s ass.
-LSB- Gwen s -RSB- already had one.
Bertram sinks and asks a fellow dentist  for medication.
Will help him forget Gwen.
His colleague instead convinces him.
His life would be better if he decided to stop being selfish and start helping people.
Bertram begins helping the ghosts with their unfinished business on earth  bringing comfort to people and enabling the ghosts to depart.
They left behind.
He realizes.
He does this.
The ghosts were still not because they had unfinished business  but because the people they were close to were not finished with them.
He also learns to appreciate people.
Bertram realizes.
The reason Frank can not leave is that Gwen has not let go yet.
He confronts Gwen.
Who asks him to ask Frank why she was nt enough.
Frank says.
He s sorry  which Bertram tells Gwen.
Gwen is incredulous.
All Frank would have to say was ` sorry  and thinks that Bertram is making it all up.
He rushes and.
Trying to persuade her to believe him  gets hit.
Bertram  now a ghost himself  watches.
Gwen cries.
Richard arrives to the reception and tries to revive Bertram with prayer and CPR.
Seeing  Frank gives Bertram ` some advice.
Distraught Gwen is.
Will be useful that Gwen s tears are for Bertram.
She loves him.
Frank is finally allowed to leave the earthly plane.
Bertram wakes up alive.
Later Gwen   comes in but finds Bertram s office to say hello.
Who needs dental work.
Bertram tells Gwen Frank s real nightmare.
Was the advice Frank told him  and then assures her that Frank has ` found his way home.
The movie ends.
When I smile.
Which Bertram replies I can fix that.
<EOS>
The story is set.
Where a girl  Binya  trades her bear claw necklace.
The richest man is the shopkeeper of an old ruined shop.
Soon the shopkeeper becomes envious.
He will not pay from Japan and employs a boy to steal Binya s.
Binya finds her umbrella missing.
The shopkeeper gets a similar umbrella in red.
The center of attraction shifts from the girl to the shopkeeper.
His celebrity status does not last long.
The villagers discover the red umbrella is the stolen umbrella.
It had been dyed.
The shopkeeper s name is tarnished.
People stop visiting his shop.
The story concludes.
<EOS>
Thirunavukarasu is a soft  silent man.
Comes to kumbakonam.
He is highly respected but he kills him.
When he hears that a rowdy escaped.
He goes to chennai to kill a big rowdy.
Order to avenge the death whom were killed by him.
Forms the story.
He avenges.
<EOS>
The documentary tells the story.
A 200 years old granary in Buenos Aires  an orchestra plays 12 well known tangos.
The weekly guests move in circles.
Stands 71 years old professional dancer Roberto Tonet and the 20 year old dancer Marcela.
Tonet lost his pension.
Marcela is preparing her emigration.
Around them dance more people.
Who we will follow into the real life during the course of the movie.
We see Rodrigo and Fabiana  two school children.
Who live.
Rodrigo is the son  Fabiana lives alone with her three siblings since her mother left to work as a cleaning lady in Spain.
Order to gain enough money to pay rent.
The movie shows the goodbye.
She had to leave behind.
We meet five freaks of the trashrockband  Las Munecas.
Who live  organize tango-balls and interpret Gardel s songs on their.
Tango is the expression.
Their connection will be shown.
Who lost their wealth  jobs and salaries due.
The story of these dancers and their ancestors is told.
Tango  crisis  imigration and emigration join.
<EOS>
It is set.
Maria Joana and her mother  Rosa Maria go to Bombay  India  to see Rosa s husband.
Who is an airplane pilot.
A new person boards the ship.
Catherine Deneuve boards  Stefania Sandrelli in Italy  and Irene Papas in Athens.
The captain invites the three women to dinner at his table.
They all speak for the better part of the conversation.
Maria Joana and Rosa Maria are also invited to dinner.
The captain presents Maria Joana.
That night  the captain is informed.
There are two time bombs.
The passengers are then ordered to evacuate.
Maria Joana runs back.
The captain presented her earlier that evening.
Rosa Maria realizes  runs to find her  and takes her back on deck to board a life raft.
Maria Joana is missing.
Unfortunately  it is too late  all the life rafts have left.
The captain sees them and yells.
Them to jump.
There is the sound and a bright light lights up the captain s face.
He is struggling to take off his uniform so he can swim to rescue them.
The credits are displayed  lit up from the explosion  in the background.
<EOS>
The film begins in Portland  Oregon.
Her daily column has been rejected.
Who claims that she once wrote and is now writing cheesy columns.
She is furious and heads.
Where she meets.
Sarah s phone rings  It is Lyddie  Sarah s niece.
Sarah s older sister  Ivy  has just died.
Sarah hurries.
Her sister was a member.
Sarah had never forgiven Ivy.
The court appoints Sarah as the legal guardian for the five children.
16-year-old Lyddie and other members protest.
They do not want an outsider to raise the children.
Lyddie and another Amish member  Miriam  convince Sarah to stay the night.
Writes and sends them to Bill as a last resort.
There  knowing that her deadline is coming up  Sarah.
The next day receives a surprising e-mail about her piece  The readers loved it and want more.
Sarah takes the children back.
Lyddie stays and does the daily chores.
Caleb makes it on the wrestling team  after a bad first day Anna Mae gains attention after borrowing Sarah s clothing to fit in.
Josiah hates it there.
Only Hannah is accepted.
Bill likes the attention.
The articles have produced.
Sarah rejects further offers.
Meanwhile  Madison  Sarah s rival  gets.
Wind matches.
Later that night Sarah admits.
The situation has spun out.
The children rush to catch up.
Sarah is leaving the community.
Sarah stops.
Lyddie hands her a letter.
Ivy had written which contains her last wishes.
It is only then  Ivy wanted Sarah to have the kids  saying.
The truth is revealed.
They would be blessings to -LSB- her -RSB- as they were.
Sarah immediately changes her mind and finally decides to stay.
The ending shows Sarah writing a book titled My Redemption.
Bryan comes over to visit and brings her a piece of her favorite cheesecake.
The scene fades.
<EOS>
It is a love story.
It was one to break several taboos  nudity  suicide and euthanasia.
This caused a lot of negative reactions by the politicians and the Roman Catholic Church.
The opposition reached the degree.
Paradoxically made it one.
<EOS>
The film is.
The film marked turning points.
May. 
Who were involved.
D.
B.
Nihalsingha went on winning films  Ridi Nimnaya  Maldeneiye Simieon and Kelimadala.
He went in Sri Lanka and South Asia.
It was loosely based by Tissa Abeysekara.
Who He went on to become one.
Tissa Abeysekara  marked his entry.
Then was an additional dialogue writer.
He went on to become Sri Lanka s foremost script writer thereafter.
Joe Abeywicrema   went on to become a character actor with his magnificent performance.
Who was a comedy actor.
Gamini Fonseka   acted out a character.
Who was Sri Lanka s foremost star  gave a significant performance where  in total reversal of the heroic roles he portrayed.
Somadasa Elvitigala  added one more feather.
The beautiful music scaore he created.
-LCB- | class50 % | - bgcolor = CCCCCC.
<EOS>
This movie is.
Who is the son.
Suraj goes to meet his sister Mini.
He falls with Alka.
They get.
Married soon but Suraj is called.
Arrives. 
He is away a message.
Suraj has been killed.
Minni  Alka & Yashpal each learn but do nt tell each other.
They feel the person will die.
Meanwhile  Minni is  she is kidnapped.
The movie ends  surprising the audience.
Who comes and saves Mini.
Everybody is reunited.
Akshaye s acting is appreciated.
<EOS>
Agastya is a space scientist  working  to communicate with aliens.
But Agastya loses the faith and is allotted with a deadline of one month to conclude his project with some substantial results.
Agastya is informed by his girlfriend Diva about his father s illness.
They both reaches his native village Paglaapur  whose colorful inhabitants include a man who speaks.
Who thinks he.
Who think that the World War II is still going on.
Agastya finds.
He was called by his father.
Agastya decides to move back to US.
He makes his mind to come out with some solution for the problem.
Agastya comes up with a quaint idea pertaining to the crop circle and arrival of aliens in his village.
Order to fetch a recognition.
Agastya along with other villagers creates crop circle in Paglapur and spreads rumor about arrival of aliens in the village.
And  takes over some hilarious sequences knitted around UFO and fictitious man made aliens.
<EOS>
James Penfield is an ambitious London-based BBC radio reporter  but.
He is commissioned to write a book and undertakes this commission  claiming not to be a socialist  at the same time as the 1982 Falklands.
War is starting to dominate the British media.
This  however  is just a backdrop towards Susan Barrington  an upper class  rather snooty TV journalist.
Whom he is introduced.
He can not get further and so Jeremy suggests.
He is persistent.
He contact her mother  a prominent left-wing historian Ann Barrington living  and married to advertising film director Matthew Fox.
It transpires.
Ann wrote an article on its tenth anniversary.
James wants to seduce the daughter.
James soon finds himself spending more time.
Claiming to be a socialist  they have several long discussions and also take long walks.
Meanwhile  his mother is dying.
Having earlier said  he is forced to identify her only as a relative.
Both his parents are dead.
When his father manages to contact him while he is.
Returning  he is forced to ask for help from members of a women s peace camp for a jack after suffering a puncture.
Initially mistaken  he shows some feigned sympathy towards the group protesting the use of force outside a Norfolk airbase.
Visiting Norfolk again  James walks alone with Ann Barrington and has sex with him.
Who kisses him and  later  enters his bedroom.
Caught up  James returns to his work in London.
Fox consents to James making love to his wife  given.
They have slept for the last three years.
However  James refuses to take any calls.
When she attempts to contact him.
He finally gets another Oxford friend and up and coming young poet to make a call.
He sits idly.
James  Jeremy and Susan have all been given the task.
They travel down to Brighton together.
It is.
James first starts to get an inkling going on between the other two and directly asks Jeremy if he is up to something.
Later   he attempts to talk to Susan but she brushes him off.
He then sees them caressing each other  having obviously returned.
The Conference finishes.
She rouses popular support.
Afterwards James confronts his friend  calling him a shit for having betrayed him.
However  he is told by Jeremy.
He has known Susan and that they are ` old allies.
The film ends.
The closing scene is attending his mother s funeral  standing grim-faced and aloof at his father s side.
<EOS>
Sahadevan is the son.
Who works.
Sahadevan has only one ambition and and is waiting.
Is to join the police department and.
But he has an enemy  his own brother-in-law Peethambaran.
Who does not like him.
Peethambaran sees.
Sahadevan does not clear his physical test.
He is insulted and kicked.
Sahadevan does not give up.
The blame is put by the police commissioner.
When he foils a bomb plan.
He is saved.
He tries to find a way to foil it.
When he finds out who the crooks are.
That hope was to become a private detective.
He becomes a private detective and calls himself CID Moosa.
He has Arjun  a smart dog.
Who was condemned.
Moosa s mission is to save the life.
Who is from a group of terrorists.
He finally succeeds and is sent to Scotland.
<EOS>
The wily and attractive French POW Sergeant Dumaine is sequestered in a prison camp near the castle of a prideful Prussian nobleman and military general  Count Reichendorf.
Who lives that his four sons will march triumphantly into Paris.
Having lost three sons  and left with only one son  Dietrich  Reichendorf laments the days.
When his family made Prussia the might.
He is forced to recruit military men.
Axelle  the daughter   lives in the Reichendorf castle and makes periodic goodwill visits to the prison compound.
Who became his ward when her parents died.
Where she first encounters Dumaine.
Captain Ebbing  the martinet and disfigured prison commandant  develops an interest.
He courts her  but Axelle shows little interest.
She rejects his affections and tells him.
When he reminds her how he dazzled her before he went.
She is engaged.
Ebbing pleads  insisting.
His love is more intense and enduring than that of any other man.
She is not swayed.
Ebbing soon puts Dumaine and the other prisoners to work.
They break and take refuge there  but are soon discovered by Axelle and taken back to the prison.
When Dumaine  Fichet and other prisoners escape.
One day   Dumaine heroically rushes into the castle and puts out a kitchen fire.
Ebbing commissions Dumaine  an electrical engineer by profession  to wire the castle.
Dumaine s new assignment puts him.
They soon become friends.
Month  Axelle begins to trust Dumaine and suggests.
He remove his prison number.
An end is predicted.
When news reaches Germany that Dietrich has led his regiment.
Axelle is overjoyed.
Dumaine   is upset.
Whose loyalties still remain.
Back  Dumaine s fellow inmates resent Dumaine s privileged status at the castle  and plan a breakout without him.
He discovers his fiancee in the arms of Dumaine  and learns  so he decides to return to the front.
Ebbing  too  is trying to woo Axelle.
He sends the Frenchman to be executed to spare him.
When the jealous Ebbing learns with Axelle.
Ebbing later has a change  however  and decides to call off the execution.
News and the end of the war brings with it orders to suspend all disciplinary action against prisoners of war.
Ebbing   commits suicide.
Who sees no further use as a military leader.
Dumaine and Axelle resume their romance.
The battlelines suddenly erased.
<EOS>
Amy Benic takes a break.
Virgil Adamson is a masseur and gives Amy a massage.
Amy breaks down and cries  later falling asleep leaves the room.
She runs.
When she wakes up.
Him to compliment the massage  only to realize that Virgil is blind.
Virgil asks her out.
The two eventually fall and begin a relationship.
Virgil lives alone.
His over-protective sister  Jennie  who lives next door  takes care.
Virgil reveals.
He went blind when he was three and that the last thing he saw was something fluffy.
Amy describes the horizon to Virgil but can never reach.
You can see.
Amy learns.
Researching Virgil s condition.
Who suggests to Virgil that   he could restore his sight.
Virgil refuses.
To understand Virgil s reaction  Amy seeks.
Who reveals that their father left the family years ago.
Virgil decides.
He will give the operation a try.
It is a success.
He becomes confused and disoriented  unable to perceive light and distance.
Virgil regains sight.
Dr Aaron suggests.
He should visit Phil Webster  a visual physiotherapist.
Webster suggests.
Virgil needs to learn everything.
Virgil and Amy begin living  with Virgil finding his feet with his new-found sight.
The pair begin drifting apart.
Virgil finds it hard to decipher the look at times.
Amy finds herself constantly having to explain basic things.
Virgil sees Amy kiss her.
Virgil walks.
Trying to leave the party.
Virgil s father sees him and arranges a reunion  Virgil goes to his father s workplace  but decides at the last minute.
He can not face him yet.
He brings Virgil to a strip club.
They engage   there are a lot of things.
Where Webster notes that  Virgil should instead look.
Sight alone can not solve.
Virgil confesses  but insists.
He and Amy are drifting apart.
Amy is the most important thing.
Where she and her ex-husband shared a sensual moment.
She finds Virgil.
Virgil s sight begins deteriorating.
He begins experiencing vision blackouts.
Virgil realizes.
He is losing his sight.
He decides to look.
Virgil reveals and asks him.
He is going blind again.
He left.
His father tells him.
He felt he was a failure when he did not find a way to help his son regain sight.
Virgil states.
He should not have left because his mother and sister suffered greatly after his father walked away.
Virgil looks.
Who tells him.
Withholding the fact  Virgil tells.
He is again going blind.
Her there is one thing he really wants to see  and brings her.
Virgil realizes.
The fluffy cloud he last remembers seeing was cotton candy.
He suffers a lengthened vision blackout and admits to Amy.
He buys some.
He is going blind.
Amy refuses to accept.
Back home  Virgil and Amy argue.
He asks.
She wants to spend her life if he is going to be blind forever.
Amy hesitates.
Virgil decides to return home.
Virgil is welcomed and eases back into his old way of life.
Virgil spends his remaining time to look at as many things as possible  going through magazines and pictorial books in the library.
Losing his sight.
He stays up to watch the sunset  seeing the horizon.
Virgil is.
He has been blind.
He takes a seat  finishes a sandwich  and tosses the wrapping.
Amy has found him and says  You missed.
Virgil takes.
A moment then realizes it is Amy.
She sits down.
They reconnect  then she reveals.
She finished a significant sculpture that he broke.
Amy apologizes.
Led together.
Virgil puts his hands.
She asks.
He wants to take a walk and see what they see.
They leave the park together.
<EOS>
The Town presents an idealized vision.
The diversity is highlighted  noting the Czech  Dutch  German  and Italian communities.
Some of whom were immigrants or children.
Schools are shown to be free and open.
Are libraries and swimming pools.
The press is depicted as free.
Some people are shown  and do nt like the newspaper s policy.
Who do nt like the current administration.
The newspaper prints their complaint.
Trials are conducted to see.
The prosecutor serves  and even said.
He was unfit.
They work together anyway.
Everyone had the right to vote   to the attorney himself.
The only thing is the ballot.
Is secret.
The film ends.
The American people  descended  are now going back over the seas to free their homelands.
<EOS>
The Stooges play janitors.
Who work  begging to be given a chance to become reporters.
The managing editor promises to think over dinner.
The phone rings.
He is out and Moe answers.
The person is one of the boss s reporters  Smitty.
Who relays a scoop to Moe that some important documents have been stolen.
Coincidentally  the spy lives next door to the Stooges.
He and the boys wind up.
Stranded  and sustained by eating salami  the boys eventually overtake Borscht  recover the microfilm  and are thrilled with their newspaper scoop.
<EOS>
The story examines the adult lives.
Who were.
Ken was self-supporting  working.
Sylvia s nouveau riche family stayed at college.
They went on to marry different people.
It transpires  entirely the wrong people.
Ken s wife Helen turns out to be frigid and shuts him out romantically.
Sylvia s husband Bart becomes an alcoholic  gradually costing him the family fortune.
Ken buries himself.
He finds after college  while Sylvia devotes herself first  then motherhood.
The saving grace is their children  Sylvia s son Johnny.
Ken s daughter Molly.
Ken and Sylvia meet again  with Ken now wealthy through his chemistry work.
Bart has turned his family s mansion.
Johnny and Molly meet and fall.
Ken and Sylvia begin to cheat with each other.
Ken and Sylvia eventually leave their spouses and marry.
Bart ends up being taken visit him requesting permission to marry.
Molly is pregnant.
<EOS>
The story revolves.
Who is finally reunited after 20 years of separation.
Christine can think.
Her Australian dad must not marry her mom.
The number one reason is.
Georgia  her mother  disappeared twenty years ago and never came back.
Now Christine is confused .
Does her father want to marry her mom  who had caused them so much heartache.
Christine s outrageous attempts to expose her mother s flaws are all foiled.
Georgia also comes up to win her daughter s love.
Meanwhile  things get more riotous and definitely shows no interest liking her back.
When Nanny Ninonu s blind heart falls.
Again and again  Christine is frustrated.
She tries to harden her own heart.
She reluctantly begins to see.
What it means to have a real mother.
However  Val is suspicious of Christine s intentions.
What happens if here plot to discredit Georgia.
<EOS>
Six people are subsequently menaced.
Who survived near-fatal accidents.
Is this or is it all in their minds.
<EOS>
Wealthy industrialist Alfred Borden has problems.
His employees are making demands.
May drive the business he has built up into bankruptcy.
His son Tim has lost a major customer.
Borden s secretary gives him a loud tie as a gift.
He finds nobody there.
When he goes home.
His unfaithful wife Martha  his daughter Katherine  and Tim have all forgotten or do not care.
Feeling lonely  he goes.
Where he meets Mary Grey  a young  out-of-work woman.
Seeing  he invites her to dine at a fancy nightclub.
She has only a meager meal.
They get drunk  start dancing  and are spotted.
The next morning  he awakes  to discover.
He had apparently invited Mary to spend the night.
Seeing the reaction this elicits  he concocts a scheme  he hires Mary to pretend to be his mistress.
He neglects his company  forcing his son to take up the slack.
Tim comes up to save the firm.
Meanwhile  Borden and Mary go out every night  supposedly partying.
They are actually just driven around.
Embarrassed and shunned by her friends  Martha first calls family psychiatrist Dr Kessler.
He finds nothing wrong.
She starts staying home  plotting ways to drive Mary out.
She has Tim.
Try to buy her off.
That fails.
Tim makes no effort to hide his contempt.
Eventually  he falls with her.
Meanwhile  Mary tries to help Katherine.
Who is.
Finally  Mary can no longer continue and tearfully confesses the truth.
Katharine shows up and announces.
She has married Mike  who has decided to quit and open a repair shop.
Martha is aghast  but then Borden reminds her.
They started their own marriage.
She grudgingly accepts her new.
Borden then retreats.
Martha invites him.
Mary leaves.
Tim finds her  picks her up  and carries her back.
Mary tells him to mind his own business.
When a policeman tries to interfere.
<EOS>
The film will feature a comedic story.
Kuba falls in love with Maca  a worldly girl.
The Goat begins to envy this relationship.
Their story intertwines Matej Tale from Faust House and his contract with the Devil.
<EOS>
A high school girl  Mirai gets transferred for her father s order.
She gets a new friend.
She finds out the evil deed.
The school master is doing.
Moreover  the school s headmaster has taken her mother away.
<EOS>
The film is.
Who are Kudumbasree workers.
Girija is a widow.
Suhara has her husband.
His operation requires a huge amount.
Santha aka Santhedatthi has to work even to support her drunkard son and family.
Raji lost her parents and lives.
Raji is.
Who is now a plumber but was connected to underworld before.
Raji s sister s husband  opposes her relation.
Who is a policeman.
The four makes a living working with Kudumbasree in Kozhikode Corporation.
Girija and Santhedatthi takes money.
One day the four find 30 lakhs rupees left.
Initially they went to handover the money but later decided against it  due to their necessity for money  and handded over the money to Unnithan muthalali.
Who agrees to pay them a good interest every month.
Meanwhile  police finds a corpse and found out.
The person who got murdered was a hawala agent.
Police  led  started investigating about the missing money and the clues led to the four women.
Meanwhile  Raji got engaged.
The four were interrogated.
Initially they denied any involvement and were remanded and sent.
There Raji was attacked.
Suhara fought them all and saved Raji.
They were released with the help of Adv.
Maheswari Iyer.
Later Girija asked the money back.
Unnithan initially denied to return the money and demanded Girija to share his bed.
Girija informed this.
They together fought Unnithan and tricked him to retrieve the money.
Finally they got the news.
Some charity will sponsor the operation.
They handed over the money.
Who was murdered.
Inspector Antony understands the whole story but finally let all the four free.
They did nt take the money but handed it over to the ones who really deserve it.
<EOS>
The movie revolves.
Is attempting to rendezvous.
Captain Murrell  a former officer and now an active duty Lieutenant Commander in the Naval Reserve  has recently taken command of the Haynes.
Though he is still weak.
A loud mouthed sailor  dumping garbage  questions the new captain s fitness and ability  calling him a ` feather merchant.
The U-boat is first detected.
However   Murrell shows himself to be a match.
The battle begins.
Tests both men and their crews.
Each man grows to respect his opponent.
Von Stolberg succeeds in torpedoing the destroyer.
However  Murrell has one last trick.
Ordering his men to abandon ship  he tells them to first set fires.
It actually is.
This  he hopes will cause the U-boat s captain to surface and sink the destroyer.
His ploy works.
His gunners to disable the submarine and destroy its deck gun.
When von Stolberg surfaces to finish off the Haynes  Murrell orders.
Ordering the skeleton crew manning the engine room to set the engines and abandon ship  he then turns the sinking Haynes towards the.
Von Stolberg orders ship.
His crew to set the sub s detonators and abandon.
The Haynes rams the U-boat almost cutting it  ensuring.
The submarine would not escape.
Murrell  the last man  is about to abandon ship.
When he notices the German captain.
Respectfully  Von Stolberg salutes Murrell.
Who returns the salute.
Murrell then tosses a rope and pulls each man on board  he then says  leaving the dying Heini Schwaffer.
They should abandon ship.
Von Stolberg refuses to leave his dying friend.
Members of both crews scramble on board  helping the three men into a lifeboat.
They manage to clear the tangled wrecks.
Before the sub explodes.
The film ends.
The German survivors  now  consign Schwaffer s body to the deep  as the American crew watches respectfully.
<EOS>
This is an account.
She was jailed.
She refused to give up her seat after a long day at work.
Her example and treatment prompted a bus boycott in Montgomery  Alabama  it lasted 381 days from 1955 to.
The film shows her background and indicates the issues.
Rosa was educated in a private school run by the Religious Society of Friends.
Where she was encouraged to overcome the limits.
She married barber Raymond Parks  an advocate of equal rights.
She joins the local branch.
Her husband believes that the organization has been ineffective against legalized racism.
She worked in a department store.
After working all day  Rosa Parks took a seat in the designated colored section of a Montgomery city bus.
The white driver orders Parks to relinquish her seat.
When the white section fills up.
Was the practice.
She refused  and was arrested and jailed.
Civil rights activists organized a one-day bus boycott the day  led by a new local minister  Dr Martin Luther King  Jr.
With its success  they founded the Montgomery Improvement Association  and began a citywide bus boycott.
The boycott lasted 381 days.
African Americans made it work  many making sacrifices to walk to work and other destinations.
The boycott really hurt the business.
They comprised the majority.
Eventually a ruling in the case declared bus segregation unconstitutional.
The boycott was important and nationally.
<EOS>
The Empire of Japan receives a final gift from the collapsing Nazi Germany  the I-507  a highly-advanced submarine equipped with experimental technology.
This sleek behemoth bears a strong resemblance and is equipped with imaging technology.
Is far.
The mission   is to intercept U.
Revealed. 
S.
Ships transporting a third nuclear weapon.
Which American B-29s Bombers are striking the Japanese home Islands.
The man charged is Commander Masami - a brilliant destroyer of enemy ships relieved of his command.
When he opposed the navy s increasing reliance.
He is burning with zeal  but is ignorant of the various secrets.
The I-507 carries.
Once.
Takasu  the owlish technician  refuses to tell Masami.
What it is or how it works.
Masami also discovers.
Two crew members belong.
He has no idea.
They are there.
Neither   do they.
Meanwhile  the U.
S.
Navy is tracking the.
What  Masami wonders  is going.
<EOS>
A private detective goes undercover.
Who is hiding out.
The detective was hired.
Who is sure the judge is hiding out.
The reporter and P.
I.
Begin to fall as well as falling more and more into danger from abusive attendants and other guests of the asylum.
Other inmates include an arsonist patient and ` The Champ   a man.
Who attacks anyone put.
<EOS>
Sister Amala  a nun is found dead.
Where she was staying.
The police discovers.
She was murdered.
Idamattom Palackal Easow Panickar and his team finds out the truth.
Amala s murder.
The suspects include Fr.
Clement Kaliyar and the local legislator Monayi and a hitman - Cardinal Carlos.
Things get worse.
When one gets killed and also Kaliyar Achan.
<EOS>
One man takes.
Set  this fast-paced film features a stressed-out but savvy cop.
Who tries to bust up a gang who deal in drugs  violence  and prostitution.
An unconventional  off-the-rails cop - the First Action Hero - is transferred back to his old precinct  Miami  to prevent a gang war.
He is forced to juggle his cop duties.
<EOS>
The film explores the near true-life story.
Who seeks a long-term relationship.
The friend is aware  and is happy to befriend him  but is very reluctant to express open affection for him or to become emotionally involved.
<EOS>
The Keeper is.
Who is kidnapped.
Krebs keeps Gina.
<EOS>
The film follows former dolphin trainer and former Sea Shepherd activist Ric OBarry s quest to document the dolphin hunting operations.
OBarry helped capture and train the five wild dolphins.
Who shared the role in the hit television series of the same name.
The show  a pop-culture phenomenon  fueled widespread public adoration  influencing the development of marine parks.
Included dolphins.
Order to suffocate.
Days later  he was arrested off the island  attempting to cut a hole in the sea pen.
Order to set free a captured dolphin.
According to the film  OBarry has dedicated himself full-time as an advocate on behalf of dolphins around the world.
Psihoyos and his crew travel to Taiji  Japan  a town.
Appears to be devoted.
However  surrounded by wire fences and Keep Out signs  an activity takes place.
The townspeople attempt to hide.
A group of Taiji fishermen engage in dolphin drive hunting.
The film states.
The dolphin hunt is   motivated by the tremendous revenue generated for the town by selling some of the captured dolphins to aquariums and marine parks.
The dolphins are then slaughtered.
Are not sold.
The meat is sold.
Most Japanese are unaware of the hunt or the marketing of dolphin meat.
The film states.
The dolphin meat contains dangerously high levels.
Attempts the dolphin killing in the cove are physically blocked by local volunteers.
Who treat the visitors.
Foreigners   are shadowed and questioned by local police.
Who come.
Together with the Oceanic Preservation Society  Psihoyos  OBarry  and the crew utilize special tactics and technology to covertly film.
What is taking place.
The film also reports by Japan of votes in the International Whaling Commission.
The film indicates.
While Dominica has withdrawn  Japan has recruited the following nations to its whaling agenda  Cambodia  Ecuador  Eritrea  Guinea-Bissau  Kiribati  Laos  and the Republic of the Marshall Islands.
This is not entirely accurate  however.
Ecuador has been a strong opponent.
OBarry marches into a meeting of the Commission carrying a TV showing footage of the Taiji dolphin slaughter.
OBarry walks.
He is escorted.
Geographical location is here  Map.
<EOS>
He has 10 days.
When 35 year old orphan Walter Krunk destroys the orphanage s kitchen.
To raise the money in order to save the orphanage where he grew up.
Meanwhile  Eddie Sullivan  a manager is in debt to Memphis Earl.
Walter and Eddie join forces.
Order to solve their problems.
Together   they conquer the world of amateur wrestling.
Choking out bears  winning the tournament in New Orleans to get the trophy and the $.
Goes along.
<EOS>
A neighbourhood is terrorized.
Who kills and hangs his female victims.
He stages it to resemble the other murders.
When struggling crime fiction novelist Kyung-ju kills his landlady.
Realizing  he sets out to find the killer.
The crime appears to be a copycat.
<EOS>
Two student filmmakers decide to follow Tom Green to Canada but get more.
They bargained.
The crew witness Tom receiving insults and documents Tom s loneliness due.
Things are not much better.
When returning.
The public continues to torment him.
They are getting all around.
Tom and his crew know it.
North America and frightening events force them to flee.
<EOS>
Inspector Eddie Chan is assigned to find a high profile businessman.
Who has been kidnapped.
The search takes him  causing him to cross paths with some very powerful men in the Chinese underworld.
What complicates.
Matters is that there is a mole.
Chan  a very troubled policeman  finds himself fighting his personal demons.
He battles the seemingly unending wave.
This film is a based kidnapping of Hong Kong property billionaire Wong.
The mole is uncovered and reveals the location of the Chinese businessman on a boat  leading to his rescue.
This is  however  a fictionalized ending  in real life  Teddy Wang was never found and remains a missing person to this day.
Believe that he was thrown off the boat as the police converged.
<EOS>
Dr Philip Ritter  a plastic surgeon  falls with a gifted and beautiful concert pianist  Alice Brent.
They meet at a country inn.
Romance soon develops.
However  Alice is already engaged to be married and  afraid  runs away.
Ritter is devastated.
Back  Ritter receives a phone call from Alice.
Who informs him she is to marry David.
Meanwhile  Ritter s new patient is Lily Conover  a female convict.
Whose face is disfigured.
The love-struck surgeon believes.
He can change her criminal ways.
He does so.
They marry.
However  Lily has not changed her ways.
She soon grows bored.
She is reckless  and unabashedly flirtatious with other men.
He comes to despise her.
David knows.
Alice completes her latest concert tour.
There is something wrong.
He guesses  and calls off the engagement.
She is.
Alice goes to see Ritter.
Who confesses what he has done.
Later  an upset Ritter leaves London  believing.
The situation can never be reversed.
Lily follows him  however  and takes the same train.
Where she becomes drunk and aggressive.
Alice believes.
Ritter is so upset he may harm Lily  or even kill her if provoked.
She too joins the train.
She arrives.
As the two are arguing.
Engaged tries to prevent the intoxicated Lily from falling out of the carriage.
Lily accidentally falls  and falls out of the train.
Alice enters.
The film ends.
Lily is discovered dead.
Ritter and Alice are reunited.
<EOS>
-LCB- -LCB- unreferencedsection -RCB- -RCB- and then back to the beach.
Where she was born.
But her chance is low.
Each season  two million loggerhead turtles are hatched.
Just one will return safely to lay their eggs.
<EOS>
15 year old Matt Freeman is the youngest member.
To be inducted.
His hard-working  middle-class parents  Dan and Susan Freeman are thrilled.
They have one good child as they are trying to control their oldest daughter  Alex  who is smoking  having sex  and failing her classes.
Matt meets Francesca Howell  daughter of the rich Dr & Juliana Howell.
Seeing  Matt offers to tutor her.
She is struggling.
Very quickly  Francesca & Matt develop feelings and start going out.
Francesca admits.
She has already had sex and finds it to be a stress reliever.
Matt ditches.
His best friend  Blaire  goes over and has sex with her.
The next day  he admits and asks to remain good friends.
He is nt ready.
Not long  Francesca notices her mother.
She is gaining weight and struggles to keep it hidden  especially.
Who is overly critical.
A few days later  she tells Matt.
Her period is late.
They walk.
Where Matt steals a pregnancy test which comes back positive.
Francesca s parents quickly notice.
Something is wrong  but believe she is.
Her father finally realizes.
What is wrong when he sees her throwing up one morning.
Dr Howell calls Matt s mother   but is quick to assure Matt.
Who is completely shocked and angry.
She loves him.
Matt tells Blaire  and confides she is worried.
Who is quick to blame Francesca.
What happened will destroy their friendship.
Susan calls Dan  and is unable to make it back to meet with the Howells.
Who is.
The Howells explain  so the pregnancy can not be terminated.
Francesca is 5 months pregnant.
He also explains.
Their health insurance covers prenatal care up  leaving the Freemans to pay the rest.
More importantly  Dr Howell explains.
He believes a closed adoption is the only way to provide the baby with a good solid home and to give both Matt and Francesca their lives back.
Matt seems hesitant  but reluctantly agrees.
When his mother explains it is the only way to safeguard his future.
A little later  Susan receives a call.
Matt and Francesca are being involuntarily transferred.
Susan begs the principal not to remove Matt  citing.
How much he loves school and how upsetting it would be.
The principal sets up a meeting to present their case.
All become high.
Dr Howell is not allowing Matt to see Francesca  Alex is clashing.
Who are insisting she go instead of taking a year off to work.
His parents are struggling to help pay Francesca s prenatal care expenses.
Much  at his school appeal meeting  Matt tells his principal.
He wants to transfer.
He tries to explain.
He feels obligated to go and that he will now be able to get a job to help pay the bills.
Matt gets a job.
Tensions still continue to increase.
Matt excels.
Though his boss forces him to work later than is legally allowed.
The bills remain high.
He gives all to his parents.
Matt starts selling his video games to make extra money.
Quickly noticing  Matt s mother demands.
Tired he is.
He keep some for emergencies and allow her to bring him to and from work everyday.
She tells Matt.
Proud she is for the way he has acted since Francesca became pregnant.
Closer  the Howells and Freemans meet with a lawyer.
Who asks Matt and Francesca to sign papers agreeing to surrender the baby.
The lawyer explains.
The child s birth certificate will be re-issued to show only the adoptive parents.
Matt   reluctantly signs the paper.
Who has been struggling.
One night   he admits.
When Matt catches his mother looking.
He ca nt stand knowing that he will never see any pictures.
Matt s mother understands and asks Dan.
He would consider helping Matt raise the baby.
Dan is hesitant  saying.
They would have to stick.
Meanwhile  Susan and Dan mend relations for making her feel like a loser.
Her dreams and goals differ for her.
Dr Howell calls the Freemans to tell them.
Francesca is going.
Dan warns Susan not to go to the hospital.
They ll both get too attached.
Susan and Matt go anyway.
Dr Howell explains.
Rather rudely.
Francesca gave birth and did nt want to hold the baby.
Matt  asked Dr Howell  Dr Howell told him.
He wanted to see Francesca but.
She did nt want to see him and  hoping that Matt wo nt take it personally.
He tells them the baby  and will remain there.
Is. 
She is given.
Susan and Matt go the nursery to see her.
Matt immediately falls with the baby.
Dr Howell is furious to see Matt holding the baby.
Matt has technically signed away his parental rights.
Susan tells Dr Howell.
Matt has every right to see his baby and reminds him that the adoption wo nt be final.
Back  Alex convinces her father to go with her to the hospital to see the baby.
Matt begs his parents to let him keep his daughter.
Both agree.
Matt goes back and gets.
His parental rights returned.
He names his new daughter Genevieve and brings her home.
Where she receives a warm welcome.
<EOS>
A show composed was taking place at a theater in the city.
One was a lady cat dancer.
Whom Oswald suddenly had affection.
Patrons had to pay 50 cents.
His pockets are empty.
Oswald noticed a stage entrance.
Where performers and certain officials can come in.
Admission was unnecessary.
Oswald came up with idea of impersonating a performer by bulging his chest.
The guard was nt deceived and started preventing the penniless rabbit from coming in.
Oswald tied the guard to a lamp post and proceeded toward the inside of the theater.
However  he was forced back outside.
Oswald saw a man coming out of a taxi and heading towards the theater entrance.
Thinking to get back in.
Oswald went on.
The guard became suspicious.
The man was entering.
Thinking  Oswald came out but does nt notice the guard approaching him.
He made it.
Oswald quickly made his move.
When he learned that guard was right behind.
Oswald prevailed.
However  he was met.
When the cage contained a jaguar.
The jaguar chased the him.
Where acrobats were doing a balancing act.
Oswald climbed up the pole and grabbed the ceiling.
One also went up the pole also and clung onto the rabbit s legs.
Bothered  Oswald grabs a mallet and strikes off the acrobat.
Oswald also plunged and dropped on the jaguar.
The jaguar was angered more than ever.
The frightened Oswald fled the stage.
Other vicious animals   broke out of their cages  forcing everyone else to leave the theater.
Believing everyone disappeared  Oswald came out of a toilet booth  only to realize.
One lion was still.
The lion starts chasing him.
<EOS>
Barry Munday  a lonely womanizer  wakes up.
He s missing his family jewels.
To make matters worse  he learns  he ca nt remember having sex.
He s facing a paternity lawsuit filed.
The two discover.
Unintentional. 
Their meeting and subsequent accidents opened up new opportunities.
<EOS>
He soon finds himself imprisoned and beaten.
Thief Alex Cardo gets caught.
One is particularly upset by Alex s appearance and tortures him.
Whenever he gets the opportunity.
Alex finds one friend and mentor  Master Sun.
Who teaches him a superior fighting style called Iron Hand.
Demon gets an invitation.
When a best is to take place.
Now Master Sun and Alex need to find a way to let Alex take part  too.
The final fight pits Alex and Demon together.
Demon has the upper hand in terms of strength and fighting ability.
He takes one last look and uses the Iron Hand against his opponent  severely damaging and defeating Demon.
When Alex is down.
Alex is the winner.
Master Sun is freed  and so is Alex.
Part previously made in the movie.
<EOS>
Eddie Collins finds.
He is unable to perform sexually.
He finds.
He is able to get aroused.
This leads him.
Order to kill them.
<EOS>
Leenie is a middle-aged Irish-American schoolteacher.
Yet she unexpectedly finds herself pregnant again and is delighted.
However her doctor rejects this possibility.
Thus her symptoms are mis-diagnosed as psychogenic.
She is prescribed a host to cope with these difficulties.
However it later turns out.
She is pregnant and that these medications have been causing irreversible damage to her unborn baby.
Faced  she faces a decision to keep the baby or go against her religious beliefs and have an abortion.
Her child will be born.
<EOS>
This film stars Vincent Price.
Who becomes involved.
Price also narrated the film.
<EOS>
Diary is both a narrative.
Is also combined.
The scripted narrative portion centers.
James  struggle to deal s outbursts of anger and antagonistic behavior.
The documentary portion follows Tim Alexander.
He goes.
<EOS>
This film is.
The three share a rented room in a house owned by a wealthy and beautiful widow  Cik Normah.
She is a kind and friendly woman.
Who helps them.
Amongst the three  Sudin is the only one in a relationship - with their neighbour  Zaiton.
She lives next door and is the daughter.
Whose mother is very prejudiced.
Fearing objection  Zaiton and Sudin has to always sneak around to meet each other being bottles as a calling instrument.
Their other less prominent hurdle is Zaiton s precocious younger sister  Ayu.
Who knows and is always blackmailing them.
The next morning  a potential love  comes to the house.
She is there to seek help.
Who is infuriated by Sapiah s father who has  once again  failed.
The initial sombre atmosphere is quickly uplifted.
Who has come.
Her unexpected appearance sets off a series but is eventually woken up with a prank by Aziz.
Turns surrounding.
Ramli encounters.
They all go.
Sudin s love affair is finally revealed  enraging Zaiton s mother.
Whilst they all convene to discuss the best way to deal  they realise.
Aziz is missing.
He finally appears.
Who had encountered.
Aziz comes.
Sapiah s father appears and hurts both Aziz and Sudin but manages to be stopped by Ramli.
He tries to get further help.
Sudin s and Zaiton s situation is finally resolved from Sudin s mother.
He almost gets.
When he comes and is contacted by Ramli.
Sudin teases him.
Cik Normah will be hurt if she discovers him dating another woman that he is not the one she is interested in.
He sees.
Ramli is duped again.
Another woman who had done the same and trails her only to be confronted by the awful truth of the great lengths people in poverty have to go through for some comfort.
The serious undertone is once again cheered up by Zaiton in the next scene.
Who is naturally relieved and happy that things have resolved.
Aziz tries to take a step further.
Who mistakes his intention from Cik Normah.
Had happened the night.
Her father appears seeking her forgiveness but chooses not to take him home with her.
He feels Cik Normah is a better guardian than he is.
He also asks both Aziz and Sudin to forgive him.
What he had done and as soon as Sudin concludes with him  he is faced with his weeping mother who has failed to come up with the dowry she had promised.
He sees all.
When Ramli returns.
He immediately springs.
When he finds out what had happened.
Zaiton was persuaded to retrieve the expensive diamond ring.
Her mother has.
They exchange it.
The money gained.
Was then used for not just Sudin and Zaiton but for both Aziz and Sapiah too.
Ramli gets caught in another unfortunate romantic entanglement and is rescued by Cik Normah her true feelings for him.
Who finally reveals.
<EOS>
Yang is a warrior and member of the Sad Flutes clan  the cruelest assassins in the world.
His personal goal to become the greatest swordsman is accomplished.
When he kills the former greatest swordsman and leader.
Both clans swore to fight.
Every single member was dead.
Yang has killed every member.
He comes  spares and decides to watch over.
This act makes Yang a sworn enemy  and is not safe in his homeland.
Yang arrives.
Where the main attraction used to be a carnival.
There he seeks.
Yang discovers Smiley died 3 years ago  but ran the town s laundry shop.
He is introduced to the gang of friendly carnies led by dwarf Eight-Ball  Ron  the vagrant drunk and Lynne  a spunky young woman.
Who was friends.
Lynne gives Yang the nickname Skinny and agrees to teach him.
To do the laundry.
Yang begins to enjoy his life.
He never knew.
He becomes.
Friendly and able gardener  while the baby dubbed April  is adored by all.
He even finds an interest.
Lynne shows him.
Lynne reveals.
Smiley taught her both a little bit.
She wants Yang to teach her more  and asks.
He explains.
It describes the sound.
He is reluctant to show any.
Back  Yang s former clan is shown to be looking for him.
His former master Saddest Flute and his ninja army take the same boat  killing the entire crew in the process.
Saddest Flute states  they would wait and listen.
To find Yang.
Yang one day sees Lynne place flowers  and asks.
What happened.
He explains  that years ago   the town came under siege by a corrupt Colonel.
When Lynne was an adolescent girl.
His preference prompts him to choose Lynne as his victim.
Her father is held.
Mother and baby brother forced to stand.
She manages to evade him.
When Lynne is brought in a kitchen.
She runs outside.
The Colonel shoots her.
Her father struggles free and is shot dead.
Her mother holding her brother runs over.
Both are also killed.
They found Lynne still breathing.
When the townsfolk buried her family.
Lynne has made revenge on the Colonel a priority  aching to learn to fight and kill  and practices throwing knives.
Which she her aim is lacking.
Yang surprises Lynne  and gives her a successful lesson by blindfolding her.
Her knife throwing was prohibited.
Lynne is clearly fond  and gives him a charm on a necklace.
Belonged  as a present.
Yang shows her his jedok geom.
Lynne notes.
It is welded.
Yang explains.
It is so his past can not hear the sound.
There will be no more music.
His past finds him.
It is shown as a young boy  Yang was given a present of a small puppy from his master  and was being trained to become the strongest.
The Colonel returns.
He now wears a frightening face prosthetic to hide the grotesque scar.
The colonel tortures a clown  and is about to have them shoot at a glass of whiskey.
When Ron the drunk takes the shot glass and drinks it.
Ron is dragged by a whip around his neck pulled by horse.
The Colonel then inspects a lineup  and chooses a Hispanic woman.
Whose husband begs.
The Colonel releases the woman.
Eight-Ball and the other carnies tie Lynne up.
Yang removes her blades  agreeing.
Lynne manages to free herself.
The Colonel has the Hispanic woman s daughters cleaned to be raped.
Lynne  disguised offers herself instead.
She fools the Colonel  thinking.
She will be able to kill him when he reveals he recognized her.
The Colonel s men rush in to hold Lynne down.
Back  the carnies run in looking for Lynne.
Yang realizes.
Where she is.
He grabs an iron and shatters the seal.
Far away  Saddest Flute jerks up  sensing the seal break  and is aware of Yang s location.
Yang bursts.
As she is about to be raped.
Lynne intercedes.
Yang turns to kill him.
She will do it.
The Colonel grabs her and leaps out the other window  using her to break his fall.
The Colonel runs down an alley to escape.
Lynne sees him fleeing and shuts her eyes to deliver an expert knife throw to the back of his head.
The townsfolk pull off the prosthetic to reveal a lackey  now especially scared all.
He will return to kill them.
Yang is about to leave town.
The townsfolk implore him to stay and help.
The people are worried.
They do nt have the means to defend their town.
Eight-Ball has Ron s secret stash.
Ron is shown to be an expert marksman  shooting a bowling pin down amidst his best liquor away.
Yang asks Ron.
Ron stopped shooting.
Ron explains  and trains.
He was once an outlaw  using his great skill.
His criminal career ended.
When the woman he loved was shot.
He vowed to never pick up a gun again.
Ron advises.
Him and Yang  the best thing they could do they loved was stay as far away from them as possible  that they are like flowers while he and Yang are sand.
The day  Lynne comes to Yang and asks to leave with him after the fight  and to think on it.
Later that night  Yang comes.
He gives her his own twin short swords  explaining.
These were to kill.
Yang tells her to come close.
The day comes.
The Colonel arrives to charge the town.
Yang stands  waiting.
They are met with explosions.
Ron is sniping sticks of dynamite hidden in the garden.
Riders come.
Yang rapidly and stealthily disposes of the men.
The outlaws are lured.
Where Yang and the carnies ambush them.
Ron slides to safety.
The ferris wheel is blown up  killing many.
Thinking it safe  the carnies come out  only to be attacked by the numerous remaining outlaws.
The Colonel s men chase the carnies.
Where the Sad Flutes suddenly assemble.
Saddest Flute instructs.
Them ` kill.
Yang looks to Lynne holding April and tells her to run.
The carnies manage to get away.
Yang runs and must cut down several warriors before following her to the laundry shop.
Meanwhile  the cowboys manage to shoot down some clan warriors  but are engaged in lethal battle.
Lynne hands April to.
She can help Yang.
She saves him.
He is killing a warrior.
They hear shots  and run.
They are safe.
Where he is dying.
He could nt protect April.
He dies.
The Colonel is seen carrying her  yelling at his men to make sure.
No one got in.
The Sad Flutes pursue hotly  and are mostly fended off.
The outlaws are unable to stop Yang.
He brutally slices.
He comes to find the Colonel holding a gun to April s head  and leaps up to cut the barrel and bullet in half.
Catching April  Yang steps aside to let Lynne fight the Colonel.
Lynne manages to finally drive a sword into the Colonel s back.
Yang and Lynne exit the room to find Saddest Flute sitting.
He tells Yang  and asks.
April is the enemy.
He would ever tell April that Yang killed her parents  her whole clan  and observes that Yang ran away.
He says.
Yang does not belong there.
Yangs claims.
He does  or did  and will not kill April.
Yang and Saddest flute go.
Flashbacks show.
Saddest Flute training Yang in pouring rain  drilling him through adolescence in the snow  and forcing child Yang to kill the puppy he was given  declaring Yang s biggest enemy would be his heart.
He must kill.
What he loves.
Yang wins the duel  cutting Saddest Flute s throat.
Lynne tells Yang.
She knows she wo nt be coming  and tries to hand him April.
He refuses.
He makes the baby laugh once more  and gives Lynne a caring look.
Yang turns.
Ron tells him to ` keep walking  sandman.
Ron narrates.
The warrior never stopped walking  to put.
The scene then shifts.
Opera plays.
Where a hooded man sits.
Another approaches and asks how much.
The sitting man nimbly kills the other  knives falling out.
He collapses.
Yang stands up and goes.
Where he takes the pendant he had been given  his sword disguised as a snowman s broom  and April s pacifier.
Walking out leap out of the snow.
Yang unsheathes his sword.
The scene fades.
<EOS>
The films opens.
Where Billy Eye Harper  is working up singer  after he finishes the recording  Billy and the rest of the band leave.
Lynn is left to herself to go up to the jacuzzi upstairs  after refusing Kevin the recording engineer s offer to join her.
Meanwhile Billy returns.
Where he finds only Kevin and Mary  Kevin s assistant.
Billy kills Kevin by slitting his throat  and impaling Mary on a wall-mounted coat peg.
She finds Billy smoking some drugs.
When Lynn returns.
Unbeknownst  Billy had just killed both Kevin and Mary.
She was gone.
Guards. 
Lynn finds out that however  she is luckily saved.
We are taken to 2 years later.
Where it is revealed that Billy was captured  tried  and executed.
It is now the Rocktober Blood Tour Press Party.
Lynn and the remaining band members are touring.
A VJ  asks several questions  as well as Billy s fall from grace.
Who interviews Lynn.
Which Lynn responds that Identifying Billy was the hardest thing she ever had to do.
A mysterious figure then appears  and tells Lynn to meet with Chris  the band s manager  in the office.
She is corned.
When she arrives.
Who leaves her curled up.
Billy persistently stalks Lynn  killing people involved with her along the way  but hiding the bodies of Lynn s friends  to make.
Others think she s crazy.
Eventually Honey  convinces Lynn to dig up Billy s grave.
They find out.
Billy is dead.
Lynn assumes.
She s hallucinating.
The next night  Lynn and the band are getting ready.
When Billy reappears  and tells Lynn that he s really his twin brother  John Harper  and that she identified the wrong man.
John tells Lynn.
The people he killed valued.
Though he wrote the renowned songs himself.
Then John chloroforms Lynn s mouth.
The show begins.
A prop coffin pops up.
Lynn is reveled inside.
John tells her.
His plan is to kill her.
Security rushes.
When John removes his mask however.
<EOS>
The Great Valley is partially flooded and covered in debris.
Littlefoot rushes to find his friends  but they are preoccupied  Cera and her father are removing a large log  Ducky and Spike are relocating their nest with their family.
The storm ends.
Petrie has gotten a cold.
Littlefoot is bored and wishes intently.
Eventually explores and discovers a large area flooded by the rains.
The adults advise.
Their children to stay away  fearing creatures may have been washed into the Valley.
However  Littlefoot returns and meets Mo  a playful young swimmer.
Had been caught.
Littlefoot quickly strikes up a friendship  and describes him as his mud brother.
His other friends are unsure initially.
Also take.
Mo explains and had flown during the flooding.
He is.
He confirms.
He is alone  but soon after a sharptooh swimmer attacks the group.
Littlefoot requests help to help Mo return home.
They refuse  not wanting to risk leaving the Great Valley to aid a strange outsider.
A subsequent earthshake separates the children and Mo.
Also imprisons the sharptooth swimmer.
Unable to return  they decide to deliver Mo home.
The children follow a river.
They believe leads.
A Diplodocus mother   allows them to take refuge at her nest for the night.
The friends are present to witness the hatching.
The next day  Littlefoot and the others realize.
They are nearing the ocean  as they have begun to taste salt.
However  the sharptooth swimmer  having escaped  attacks them that night.
The land surrounding the river is steep and slick.
The children are unable to escape.
Mo distracts the carnivore  farewells his friends  and lures the sharptooth.
Mo has seemingly been killed.
He reappears the next day  unharmed  the sharptooth swimmer had smelled the ocean and abandoned the chase  choosing to return to the sea.
The children reach the ocean.
Mo is saddened.
His friends  must depart.
He wishes to remain  but the others explain.
He can not.
Littlefoot reminds Mo.
The two will always be brothers.
Mo reunites and asks them for directions to the smoky mountains.
The children know how to find the Great Valley.
Mo offers to show Littlefoot his home.
Littlefoot accepts the offer  and is amazed.
Littlefoot and his friends exchange farewells.
Where they are greeted warmly.
<EOS>
The movie follows the chronological events.
Some are shown in situ  from the heart of the battle  at Dien Bien Phu.
Others are reported.
The Hanoi action is mostly focused.
Simpson s sources include French Union military men  an Agence France Presse correspondent  an influential Vietnamese nationalist  a Chinese contrabander and a Eurasian opium dealer.
Simpson sends scoop-worthy news  through a Hong Kong-based agency.
Order to elude French military censorship that existed.
War scenes are seen illustrating human nature.
There were two kinds of men  the cowards and the brave.
The first are mainly illustrated  an example of the second type is the philosopher-friendly artillery Lieutenant.
Who refuses to retreat and eventually dies for the sake of honor.
These characters have no name.
They are archetypes.
The main characters have fictitious names  but are members  like the 5th Bawouan Vietnamese para Lieutenant Ky or Captain de Kerveguen s Foreign Legion company.
Schoendoerffer s movie contains autobiographic elements.
Sometimes appear and is particularly illustrated by the military cameraman character.
Actor Ludovic Schoendoerffer plays the role.
His father  Corporal Pierre Schoendoerffer  did.
<EOS>
A mild-mannered British planning engineer is sent by his firm to negotiate a deal.
Which he feels hugely out.
He finds however.
His personality changes with a clock.
<EOS>
The Stooges are pest exterminators.
Who are forced to drum up business.
They select a fancy mansion.
Where a high society dinner party is being held.
The trio are predictably hired to clean up their own mess  without interrupting the party  dressed as guests.
One highlight is the piano recital.
A chorus responds  bewildering both the audience and the pianist.
The chaos is compounded.
When a mouse enters the upright piano  agitating the cats.
The Stooges are forced to get the offending pest and the cats  destroying it in the process.
To prevent the hostess  the guests are told and find their antics absolutely hilarious.
The boys are the entertainment.
The short ends on a fox hunt.
Curly   mistakes a skunk.
Who has developed a cold.
The stench of which knocks out the other two Stooges and a horse.
<EOS>
An elderly man named.
Duke begins to read a romantic story to a fellow patient.
The story begins.
He tells.
Local country boy Noah Calhoun is smitten with seventeen-year-old heiress Allie Hamilton after seeing her at a carnival.
They share an idyllic summer love affair.
Noah takes Allie.
He explains that he intends to buy.
Later that evening  she asks him to make love.
They are interrupted with the news.
Allie s parents have the police.
They ban her.
When Allie and Noah return.
Whom they say.
The two break up.
The next morning  Allie s mother announces.
The family is returning home.
Noah writes a letter each day.
Allie s mom intercepts them all and keeps them hidden.
Noah and Allie have no choice but to move on  Noah and Fin enlist to fight in World War II.
Each lover sees there is no contact.
Fin is killed.
Allie becomes a volunteer.
Where she meets an officer named Lon Hammond  Jr.
A young lawyer and comes.
Who is handsome  sophisticated  charming.
The two eventually become engaged.
Allie sees Noah s face.
When Lon asks her to marry him.
He discovers.
When Noah returns home.
His father has sold their home so that Noah can buy the abandoned house  fulfilling his lifelong dream to buy it.
Lon kissing  he convinces himself.
If he fixes up the house  Allie will come back.
Later  Allie is startled to read.
Noah has completed the house.
She visits him.
It is made clear and can not remember any of the events of the film so far.
The elderly woman is.
Duke  the man  is her husband.
Who is reading.
Allie can not recognize him.
Back.
Allie arrives.
Allie s mother appears on Noah s doorstep  telling Allie.
Lon has come to take her home.
She takes Allie out  and reveals.
25 years earlier  she also loved a common man.
She leaves Allie -- all of Noah s letters  and hopes.
Allie will make the right choice.
Allie confesses to Lon.
She has been spending time.
He is angry but says.
He still loves her.
Allie tells him.
She knows she should be.
She remains indecisive.
Duke asks Allie.
Whom she chose.
Becoming lucid  she remembers.
The story Duke was reading is the story.
Young Allie appears  having left Lon at the hotel and chosen Noah.
Elderly Allie suddenly remembers her past   she herself wrote their story in the notebook with instructions for Noah to read this to me.
I ll come back.
But only minutes later Allie relapses  losing her memories.
She panics  not understanding.
Who he is  and has to be sedated.
The elderly Noah has a heart attack.
We see.
Allie is alone.
However  as soon  Noah goes.
He is sufficiently recovered.
Allie questions Noah.
What will happen when she wo nt be able to remember anything anymore.
He reassures her.
He will never leave her.
She asks him  he replies.
He thinks their love is strong enough to take them away together.
He thinks their love could do anything.
They love one another.
The next morning  a nurse finds them dead.
<EOS>
Craig Jones awakens on Friday morning unemployed.
The day was fired from his UPS job while attempting to collect his wages.
Claiming innocence.
He was allegedly caught.
Meanwhile he must put up.
Who says Craig must either find a job or risk being thrown out if he ca nt cover his end of the rent.
Adding  Craig has been eyeing pretty neighbor Debbie.
His insanely jealous girlfriend Joi is proving to be a formidable obstacle.
The film s subplot focuses.
Who has been smoking a brokered consignment.
Smokey inadvertently incriminates Craig  subjecting both to Big Worm s wrath.
Big Worm has had enough and warns him to collect the $ 200 dollars worth of drugs no later than 1000 that evening.
He and Craig will be killed.
Smokey is able to recover some by selling pot to Hector.
Whom he hates.
Unfortunately further attempts to borrow money s sister  Dana  prove unsuccessful.
Willie eventually learns  and furiously scolds him for keeping bad company and allowing himself to be corrupted by street life.
Craig is carrying a gun around.
Later on  the two plan.
They are going to get Big Worm s money.
Rita  a girl  arrives.
Debbie had hooked Smokey up.
Smokey approaches her car  instead of resembling Janet Jackson  she is obese and practically bald.
He finds out that she lied.
Smokey heads.
Has been stolen  on the lawn.
He sneaks and finds Deebo asleep with Felisha beside him.
He tries to steal the rest.
He and Deebo lifted  but quickly leaves without the money as Deebo wakes up due to Ezail making noise as he tried to sneak inside the bedroom.
Smokey goes back.
Craig agrees to return.
They see Deebo riding.
They could leave Craig s house.
Looking down the block  the two notice a black car driving slowly.
They hide  suspecting.
A possible drive-by shooting will occur.
They settle back.
They decide to go back outside to prove.
They are not scared.
Once outside  they notice a black van parked off.
The two flee start shooting at them with submachine guns  ultimately landing in the back of a pick up truck.
Where they remain safe.
Everyone emerges from their homes upon hearing the gunshots.
Debbie confronts Deebo.
Deebo tells her  and warns her to go home.
Felisha was trying to steal money  falsely accusing her for Smokey s earlier attempted theft.
She continues to lambaste Deebo.
He slaps her.
Craig and Smokey arrive on the scene.
Craig immediately steps in to defend Debbie.
He stands up and threatens him with the gun.
He acquired earlier.
But is ultimately convinced to hand the gun over to him.
Craig and Deebo then engage.
Craig emerges as the victor.
Debbie tends   Red retrieves his chain and bicycle.
Smokey steals the money he was.
Ezail steals Deebo s shoes.
Craig has seemingly overcome all of the day s tribulations  save for finding employment.
He and Debbie seem up in the end  leading Craig to break up with Joi over the phone.
Later  Smokey has a talk.
He did not appreciate the sending.
Big Worm explains.
He has had to warn Smokey too many times and that it was all about the principle of handling business.
Smokey says.
He has the $ 200 that he owes and that Big Worm should deal weed himself next time  as he is going to rehab.
<EOS>
The film is a nostalgic homage.
Follows a group who escape to a modern-day Woodstock for a weekend of debauchery  only to be stalked by a radical-minded psychopath dressed and talking like Ronald Reagan.
<EOS>
Peter Piper  a photographer  visits a laboratory.
Where a spider plant has been created.
Piper attempts to take a picture  but is bitten by a plant coming down from the ceiling.
Piper leaves the lab  sits in a dark alley  sweating  and begins to turn green.
His molecular structure is shown to be changing.
This means something very nasty is happening.
He finds.
When he wakes up.
When he stretches  plants shoot.
He is also able to climb walls.
Suddenly a sweeper  appears there.
Who is also crawling and cleaning the walls.
Piper is then shown sitting.
When he sees that Jane-Mary is getting mugged.
He goes to save her.
He realizes.
He needs a costume.
He appears.
He saves.
Who falls with him.
He suggests.
He might be Peter Piper  only to be told that Piper is a loser.
Spider-Plant Man is then shown landing.
Where another man says he is his enemy.
Peter guesses.
He is The Green Goblin  Doctor Octopus  the Itchy Skull  or The Human Man.
It appears to be Batman.
Batman tells him.
No one cares anymore and that everyone only wants spiders nowadays.
He no longer has the Batmobile  owning only a dilapidated.
Even Robin has abandoned him.
Apparently he was only for the money.
He tells Piper.
He has kidnapped Jane-Mary and Piper guesses that she is.
Spider-Plant Man swings  wondering.
Where Tower Bridge is  while Batman  who could nt get his Bat-Clio to start  takes the Underground.
Jane Mary is bound by Batman.
Spider-Plant Man and Batman begin to fight.
Where they are mistaken.
Peter fires a spider plant  followed by Batman throwing his boomerang.
The battle goes on.
Batman s sidekick Robin arrives  and makes a deal for 20 % of the profits on Batman products and a Robinmobile and starts attacking Piper.
Spider-Plant Man makes a deal with Robin for 25 % on all pajama sales and his own cereal brand with real marshmallows  Robin switches sides and attacks Batman.
Batman is punched off the tower and lands.
He hijacks a scooter and gets away.
Spider-Plant Man and Jane-Mary start.
Robin tells Peter it s time to go.
Moments later Peter punches him.
She responds  Who s asking me  Spider-Plant Man or the man.
Jane-Mary is then shown lying.
Who is still.
<EOS>
The short opens in the jungle  with Betty being carried on a litter by Bimbo and Koko.
A horde descends on the trio  and runs off with Betty.
Koko and Bimbo try to find the missing Betty  but end up.
They climb a tree and escape  but are pursued.
Koko and Bimbo eventually find Betty tied.
Koko and Bimbo help Betty escape at the savages.
The trio races off  hotly pursued.
The three finally reach safety.
Flings the savages.
<EOS>
A group have stolen a huge supply of paper for printing U.
S.
Currency  and are now flooding the market.
She is shot and killed  but not.
When one decides to turn herself in and hand over a data CD to the DA.
Lee does nt go to the cops with the disc  but instead goes on the run  giving the mafia time to kidnap his daughter and hold as a hostage in exchange for return of the disc.
He raises himself and casts the mobster s own bomb into the plane as landing gear doors close.
When Lee catches the mobsters fleeing.
<EOS>
England educated Dr Sarath Pathirana   is directed by the Head Doctor at the mental hospital.
Who is willing to try out new methods to treat his patients.
This patient is a beautiful girl named Nirmala.
Who does not speak a single word nor trouble anyone excessively unlike any other patient.
Dr Pathirana seeks help called D.
Order to cure her.
J.
Atapattu and the patient herself.
He is certain.
He can restore her  if he can find out the causes for the sudden change in her mental makeup.
It is revealed.
Nirmala was.
He was an educated youth  but not a financially able one and so her father refused their marriage.
Instead  she was married from Kandy.
She becomes pregnant and is about to leave to her parents  home.
When a white lady arrive at their home.
The two children are seen calling her husband  Daddy.
As soon  she poisons herself and is taken.
Nirmala is aware that Kobbekaduwa was married with two children in England.
It is this incident as well as her mental condition.
Had changed Nirmala s life.
She had not spoken a word.
Yet   she begins to gradually heal.
When her forehead is hurt.
This accelerates Nirmala s recovery.
She regains her lost memory.
But   Dr Pathirana has fallen in love with her.
Her parents are now ready to tie their daughter s knot.
Who has returned after his higher studies.
But  Ranjith s parents have already agreed.
Dr Pathirana is also ready to accept Nirmala s hand.
She does not remember a bit with him at the hospital now.
She goes back to the place near the river.
She extends her hand.
Who she fantasizes.
When she falls.
<EOS>
Commander  major Vaclav Maisner  introduces a new training method entitled school game  inspired by American movie series Police Academy.
Is an agent of FBI.
He informed  that he had incognito.
He is decided  discover.
Recruit is that FBI agent.
<EOS>
Set  the film opens with the young Hols -LRB- Hisako Ookata / Billie Lou Watt attempting to fight off a pack of silver wolves  and accidentally waking up an ancient stone giant  named Mogue.
Hols succeeds.
Transpires to be a rusty and ancient sword.
The giant proclaims this to be the Sword  promising also.
When the sword has been reforged  he will come.
Hols  father   reveals.
The family came  leaving them the only survivors.
Hols  father urges his son to return to the land of his birth and avenge the village.
Hols and his companion  a bear named Coro  are soon confronted by Grunwald.
Who plunges the boy.
Hols survives the fall and is rescued.
Hols soon becomes a heroic figure.
When he kills an enormous pike which had been threatening the lives and livelihoods.
The pike was a ploy.
Who then sends the silver wolves to attack the village instead.
Follows. 
Where he meets a mysterious young girl named Hilda.
Hols takes Hilda back.
Where her beautiful singing is welcomed  with the exception of the chief  who is increasingly resentful of Hols  popularity  and his deputy  Drago  who is a spy for Grunwald.
Hilda  and  later collaborates with Drago and sends a swarm of rats to attack the village.
Who is actually Grunwald s sister.
Drago frames Hols failed attempt to assassinate the chief.
The villagers banish Hols.
Hols sets out  but is confronted by Hilda  and the owl.
Who acts.
Hilda reluctantly attack Hols.
Her true identity revealed.
Who falls and becomes trapped in an enchanted wood  where he is haunted by visions of the villagers and his father.
Grunwald then sends Hilda   to kill Hols  and makes his own attack on the village  together with his wolves and a giant ice mammoth.
Hols is able to escape.
When he realises that he must reforge the sword in order to defeat Grunwald.
Who is thoroughly remorseful.
He is soon joined by the stone giant Mogue.
Together they defeat and destroy Grunwald.
Hilda   finds.
Who had given her magical Medal to aid Hols.
She is still alive  and rejoins Hols and the villagers.
<EOS>
A famous singer decides to leave the stage  he s killed the next day.
She swears vengeance and enthrals the main suspect.
The story.
<EOS>
Phillip Bellamy  a leading barrister  meets and lets drop about a case  defending a young hoodlum.
He is about to be involved.
Who has apparently shot a policemen and been found by police still holding the smoking gun.
Bellamy is convinced  but is compelled to defend him by the legal code.
His wife suggests.
She take a look  as she devotes much of her practice to studying young minds.
She visits the accused  Harry Jukes.
He is initially sceptical.
He agrees to recount his story.
He had stolen a Bentley Continental car to impress one.
He decided to take the car before dumping it.
When she had instead gone off.
However  he gets involved.
Sees one go flat.
A passing policeman stops and tries to assist him.
Deciding  they flag down a lorry.
They need a jack.
The lorry stops and a passenger shoots the policeman.
Jukes had wrestled the gun.
Was how he was found when a police patrol car arrived.
Convinced  she begins to probe the facts behind the case despite the scepticism and irritation of her husband.
Who thinks the police have a watertight case.
Dyson visits the gang.
Jukes hung out.
They agree to help assist her.
She also visits Taplow  the man.
Whose car was stolen.
He tries to seduce her.
Jukes is convicted.
Also subsequently his appeal.
He is taken.
Is little more than days away.
Frantically Dyson searches.
Does nothing to alter the conviction.
What little she manages to produce.
Jukes was the murderer.
She catches a break.
When she manages to track down a couple who had been on the road the night of the accident  but fearing blackmail or being arrested they drive off at high speed and are involved in a fatal accident.
And - she visits Taplow at his offices.
The execution now hours away.
Have suddenly become filled on the night shift.
Suspecting something is amiss.
She escapes and telephones the police.
It transpires.
An IRA outfit are planning to rob an arms lorry.
The previous attempt had been aborted.
Led. 
Which the innocent Jukes now stands convicted.
Now the IRA are planning a similar operation but are thwarted.
Both Taplow and his comrade Terence end up dead.
Jukes is released  and returns to join his mates at the Battersea Cafe.
<EOS>
Steve Mallory has been involved.
It appears.
He has killed his mistress  Holly Mitchell.
Steve suffers  he has no recollection whatever of the event.
His wife is hostile and cold  his father-in-law has been severely disabled by a stoke.
His wife s cousin appears to hate his guts.
Added is the sinister presence of Lester Aldrich.
Who turns out to be the downtrodden husband.
<EOS>
Nyah  a sexy  commanding female alien dressed  is headed for London.
She is part.
Is looking to replace the dying male population on their planet.
However   she is forced to land in the remote Scottish moors.
And has a menacing robot.
The emancipation of women eventually led to open warfare between the sexes.
The females won  usurping the political power and leading to the complete sexual impotence of the male population.
That was followed.
The aliens possess an organic  self-regenerating technology.
Was used to construct Nyah s spacecraft.
Human weaponry proves ineffectual.
Demonstrated when Nyah comes away unscathed.
However  the alien technology is unreliable.
Nyah s people have not been able to use it to artificially produce new offspring.
Intermixed  a pair of romantic sub-plots are followed.
A fashion model  Miss Prestwick  fled to this remote hotel.
Order to escape a married American reporter  Michael Carter.
Michael doggedly follows her  hoping to rekindle their affair.
Meanwhile  a convict  Robert Justin alias Albert Simpson  hoping to connect  Doris.
Who accidentally killed his wife has managed to escape and has come to the Inn.
Whom he truly loves.
<EOS>
A group arrive in the small  fictitious English village of Bramley End.
Doubts begin to grow.
They round up the residents and hold them captive.
They are revealed to be German soldiers intended to form the vanguard.
The civilians attempt to escape to warn the local Home Guard  but are betrayed.
Who is revealed to be collaborating.
Eventually a young boy does succeed and  despite being badly wounded  alerts the army.
British soldiers arrive.
Aided. 
Who have managed to escape and arm themselves.
The squire is shot dead.
Who was murdered.
The film is set post-war and told by a villager sitting in the churchyard.
Where the German soldiers are buried.
He speaks directly.
Moves towards the village along a road  eventually arriving at the churchyard and being ushered toward a grave monument.
The villager explains  This is the only bit.
They got.
<EOS>
John Berlin is a former Los Angeles cop teetering after the collapse of his marriage.
Berlin heads to rural northern California  for a job with the Eureka police force.
Instead  Berlin prickles his new colleagues  especially John Taylor.
Who was passed over in order to make room for Berlin.
Berlin reopens the case of an unidentified murdered girl  nicknamed Jennifer.
Went unsolved by the department.
Berlin notices scars and realizes.
They came  determining that the girl is blind.
He begins to believe.
The cases are related.
Berlin does his best to convince Freddy and his fellow officers.
Taylor  and police chief Citrine  refuse to believe.
The hand found is in any way connected to the other cases.
A.
Berlin discovers.
Six women  most of them blind  have either been found dead or are still missing  all within a 300 mile radius of San Diego.
He becomes convinced.
Jennifer was the 7th victim.
The girl is Jennifer 8  or victim.
Whose hand was found.
He meets blind music student Helena Robertson  determining.
Investigating the links.
Her roommate Amber was the eighth victim.
Berlin becomes obsessed  despite an almost complete lack of hard evidence  and becomes romantically involved with Helena.
Who resembles his.
Ross accompanies Berlin on a stakeout at the institute  after leaving Helena with Ross  wife Margie.
Where Helena lives.
Berlin investigates and is knocked unconscious.
When they see a flashlight shining.
Who then shoots and kills Ross.
32 pistol.
St.
Anne  Berlin figures out.
The killer is Taylor  whose killing spree began when he was a San Diego detective and was prompted.
Berlin tries to tell St.
Anne and Citrine  but St.
What he has learned.
Anne and Citrine refuse to believe him.
Berlin is arrested  but is bailed out by Margie.
Who believes that Berlin is not the killer.
Berlin knows.
When Berlin hears that Margie has taken Helena back.
Helena and Margie are  because Taylor believes Helena to be a witness to his abduction of her roommate Amber and intends for her to be his next victim.
Margie masquerades  and is chased by Taylor at the dorm.
Taylor catches up and threatens her  then is shocked.
When the woman that he thinks is Helena turns around.
He sees Margie s face.
A revolver pointed right.
Margie shoots Taylor  avenging her husband s death and closing the case.
<EOS>
Geoff Brewster is seeing out his final days.
Geoff  we learn  is dying  and will soon begin to lose his sight.
But the peace is shattered.
When his nephew  Josh arrives.
It s not clear.
Why he has come or what he wants.
But his presence will spark a deadly game.
Will threaten to destroy them both.
<EOS>
Many years ago  Inspector Kam Chi Kin killed an innocent man and decided to resign.
He then became a professional killer  paid  and disguises as a pet store owner.
Order to earn money to raise his son.
His best friend  Bobby Chow Fuk Cheung recently returned and works under Superintendent Lau Cheuk Sang.
Chow has been investigating recent murder cases.
Were done.
Later   Chow discovered.
One is murdered.
The mastermind were actually Superintendent Lau.
Lau then murders one.
Later  Uncle Hung takes Kam s son hostage and orders.
Him to kill Chow.
Kam later disguises Chow s murder.
They both confront Lau  Hung  the gang and two police officers Wai and Chicken Blood.
<EOS>
Barney is a student/science lab nerd.
Who obtains telekinetic powers.
Barney uses his new powers to take revenge upon bullies  cheat at sports  and expose attractive female flesh  particularly the beautiful but snobby Jane.
Including an episode at the prom strangely similar to the ending of Stephen King s Carrie  Barney comes to realize.
The best girl is actually Bernadette.
<EOS>
Barbara Hershey portrays a flower child.
Who is hired to have the baby.
The film exposes the clash between Hershey  along with her boyfriend  and the couple.
It also deals.
All four characters go through.
<EOS>
Living is the dysfunctional and apparently incestuous West family  a psychotic war veteran father  Ray  a compliant wife  Kate  and a 19-year-old son  Jimmy.
Who is relegated.
Ray and Kate seem to be a normal couple running their bar  raising their two sons.
Ray turns violent and abusive.
They return home.
Kate and Jimmy have a supposedly incestuous relationship.
Ray goes even so far as to call Jimmy Little boy blue and to shout.
He knows Jimmy likes it.
He rejects a full scholarship.
It turns out.
He can not leave his brothers.
He explains.
If he is not there Ray will take all his rage.
Traci can understand that.
She can not give up her own future  and so they eventually break up.
The movie ends.
It becomes clear.
Ray harbors a secret he can not share.
The latter gets suspicious and and attempts to knock down the man.
When a stranger appears and wants to befriend Ray.
He kills someone.
Who appears to be a private detective.
Jimmy the son starts becoming suspicious.
When Kate visits him.
She declines.
Kate explains.
She can not imagine what she can do in such a frightening place  unbeknownst.
Ray enters the warehouse and.
He generates  a ruckus  and insists that Kate and he should tell Jimmy the truth.
Kate manages to calm him down  but Jimmy is still too frustrated.
The next morning he goes.
She listens and is startled.
When Jimmy says that he can not leave his own sons.
He leaves her house and goes back.
He is stopped by Ray.
Who takes advantage and tells Jimmy that he needs to know who he really is and why he keeps on calling Jimmy Little boy blue.
Figuring out wants to stop him.
Where Ray is going Jimmy.
A fight is started.
Ray is obviously ready.
A few days appears.
That Jimmy is nowhere to be seen a mysterious woman.
The secret unfolds.
The police interrogate her.
Years ago she had met Ray.
When she  her husband and their newborn baby where driving their family minivan and Ray needed a ride.
She was reading a book  without any hint of.
Ray had complemented them and conducted a cheerful  friendly conversation.
What was coming.
Hours had picked up Ray  she was tied to a tree  beaten severely  her partner killed.
Watching walked away with her son  got into the minivan and drove away.
She does not forget to mention.
She breaks while telling the story.
It was 19 years ago and that nobody helped her then and did not find her son.
The police send her and guard her.
She will not do anything stupid before they get an order to interrogate Ray.
She slips away and goes directly to Ray s house.
Where Jimmy might have gone.
She shoots him several times and heads.
He starts mumbling that she has got the wrong person  that he has not done anything bad.
Where Kate is hiding.
She finds the Little boy blue book lying into tears.
The woman starts looking.
Right then she hears.
Kate crying  too  and shoots her dead as well.
The boys   run  but are stopped by a police officer.
Who had been hiding.
Who had come to find the woman.
She comes out.
She is shot dead.
She is about to shoot.
The boys spend the night.
The elder brother remembers.
Their father had been recently working a lot.
The policeman sets everyone.
The soil are removed they find doors in the ground.
The viewer gets an inside look.
The doors are opened.
Jimmy has a vision.
The ambulance is cutting the ropes and placing him.
There he is a policeman  married  playing with his sons and his newborn baby in the park.
He hears his sons calling his name and assuring them  Jimmy smiles.
He slowly wakes up.
Everything s okay and that he is never going to leave them.
The final scene shows the ambulance car drive away.
The credits start to roll.
<EOS>
The story follows a hitman  Jef Costello.
Who religiously adheres.
He lives.
Whose interior contains a neatly arranged line  cigarettes on a bookcase  as well as a little bird in a grey cage in the middle of the room.
He is taciturn and goes like clockwork.
He is hired to kill Martey  a nightclub owner.
Costello leaves the scene of the crime with several people seeing him  including the club s beautiful piano player Valerie.
The evidence is insufficient.
The police Superintendent believes Costello is the killer.
Costello soon finds himself  being pursued by both the police and his employers.
Costello loses a police tail and gets to a meeting point on a subway overpass.
He walks up.
Who is one.
The man shoots him in the arm and runs away.
Costello returns home to take care before falling asleep.
He returns  prompting the barkeeper to confront him  saying   one could say.
When he wakes up the same evening.
You were the man the police are looking.
The murderer always returns.
Costello soon meets the piano player.
They develop a slight relationship.
Men from the police department bug his room.
A bird in a cage is agitated and flits about the cage due to the intrusion.
Costello notices.
The bird was serene.
Suspecting  Costello searches his room  finds it  and turns it off.
His room had been intruded.
Police ransack Jane s apartment  turning her dressers inside-out  hoping to break her will and force her to testify.
The superintendent tries to make a deal.
He tells her.
If she admits to have collaborated  she would have no more trouble with the police.
Jane responds  So you mean to say.
If I perjure myself I will not find trouble.
Am I right.
Costello leaves his apartment to call Valerie.
She does not answer the phone.
Back home Costello notices yet again.
His bird behaves strangely.
He finds.
Trying to figure out what could be the problem.
Himself held by the man who shot him before.
Only this time he gives him money and offers him a new job.
Costello thinks.
It s a trap.
He overpowers the man and ties him up  extracting information.
The boss is a man.
Costello soon realizes.
He is.
He visits Jane and tells her.
He will take care.
He goes to Rey s home.
As Costello finds out  is the same house in which the piano player lives.
Costello shoots and kills Rey and goes.
This time he comes.
Whereas previously Costello had tried to be discreet and unseen.
He checks his hat  but does not take the ticket.
The young woman gives him.
He walks over.
Where he puts  again in full view of everyone at the night club  especially the barkeeper.
Costello walks  pulls his gun out and points it at her.
She warns him not to stay.
She simply asks Why  Jef.
The audience hears gunshots  but not from Jef s gun.
Costello falls and dies.
A junior police officer tells Valerie  otherwise  Costello would have killed her.
She is lucky they were there.
The superintendent picks and opens it for all to see.
There were no bullets.
<EOS>
The film begins in Garanhuns  a municipality in the countryside of Pernambuco.
When Luiz Inacio da Silva  nicknamed Lula  is born.
Aristides moves to Santos  a coastal city in Sao Paulo  with Dona Mocinha  a cousin of Dona Lindu.
Lindu raises Lula s siblings alone.
When the family moves to Santos to meet the patriarch.
Dona Lindu discovers.
Aristides had formed a second family.
Aristides  two families lives and   they struggle to survive.
Time goes on.
Lula and his siblings attend elementary school and work.
Later  Lindu leaves the alcoholic and abusive Aristides and moves to Sao Paulo.
Lula receives a degree and gets a formal job in the car industry.
Where he loses a finger.
This and his brother Ziza s arrest leads him.
Made him nationally known.
Lula is incarcerated.
As his mother dies.
<EOS>
17-year-old Jim Stark enrolls at Dawson High School.
Jim is brought.
Conflicts are introduced.
When his mother  father and grandmother arrive to retrieve him.
His parents are often fighting  his father often tries to defend Jim.
Jim s mother always wins the arguments.
Jim feels betrayed  causing feelings of unrest and displacement.
This shows up later.
When he repeatedly asks his father  What do you do when you have to be a man.
He becomes friends.
He tries to deal.
Who was also the night of the opening scene for shooting puppies.
Plato idolizes Jim  his real father having abandoned his family.
Plato experiences many  such as searching for meaning in life and dealing with parents.
Who do nt understand.
Jim meets Judy.
Whom he also recognizes.
She originally seems unimpressed  saying in a sarcastic tone  I bet.
You re a real.
She is apparently the property.
Jim goes to the Griffith Observatory.
There he sees a dramatic presentation.
He watches  then Buzz challenges him to a knife fight.
The thugs slash a tire.
Which Jim is loathe to take part until the gang taunts Jim.
Jim reluctantly takes part and wins  subduing Buzz by holding his switchblade up to his neck.
Both Jim and Buzz receive slight injuries.
The thugs challenge Jim with Buzz  racing stolen cars towards an abyss.
The first one loses and is deemed the chicken.
Who jumps out.
The game ends.
When a strap becomes looped over a handle on the car door  preventing him from jumping out before the car goes over the cliff.
Jim tries to tell his parents and storms.
What happened  but becomes frustrated.
They decide to hunt him down  and harass Plato and Jim s family to try to find him.
When Jim is seen trying to go by some of Buzz s friends.
Judy and Jim go  Plato finds them there.
There they act out a fantasy family.
The thugs soon discover them.
Plato brandishes his mother s gun  shooting one  and shooting at Jim and a police officer  in a clearly unstable state.
Plato hides.
Is soon besieged.
Jim and Judy follow him inside.
Jim convinces Plato to lend him the gun.
Which he silently removes the ammunition magazine.
He becomes agitated again and charges forward  brandishing his weapon.
When Plato steps out.
He is fatally shot.
Jim yells  too late  that he had already removed the bullets.
Plato was wearing Jim s jacket.
Jim s parents think at first.
Jim was shot.
Mr Stark then runs to comfort Jim  openly weeping.
Mr Stark promises to be a stronger father  one.
His son can depend on.
Thus reconciled  Jim introduces Judy.
<EOS>
The film begins.
The impersonated voices narrate.
They relate the origin.
A car driven.
Mrs Curry is pregnant.
They are traveling down the Pacific Coast Highway and swerve off the road to avoid a truck carrying fish.
The car plunges.
A newborn baby is rescued and raised.
Mrs Curry apparently gave birth during the crash.
Aquaman s powers are then described.
He can stay underwater and can communicate with dolphins and other marine creatures.
He grows up and is sighted.
Cousteau is filming a documentary called The Reapers.
Suddenly  whale poachers arrive to slaughter a pack.
Cousteau watches amazed.
Aquaman saves them.
Arthur Curry uses the wealth to become a scientist at a marine lab.
He is visiting a room and communicating with the fish inside them.
He submerges his face to better speak to a lobster about a football game on TV.
When he is interrupted.
She is curious as.
What he is doing.
He explains.
He dropped a contact lens.
She then reminds him.
He does nt wear contacts.
They are then interrupted.
The Angler breaks in.
He claims.
He will use a toxin which will kill sea life unless a ransom is paid.
Arthur reflects.
The Angler threatened to kill the Mormon Tabernacle Choir.
The Angler then begins to have trouble speaking and must eat a banana.
Arthur tell Katey.
The Angler has a potassium defenciency and must eat a banana every.
The Angler will die.
The Angler then challenges Aquaman to stop him.
Arthur runs into the ocean.
He changes for this dolphin parents.
He asks them.
To get.
He rides to the hideout.
The Angler s henchmen catch an image on a surveillance monitor.
The Angler decides to capture Katey.
Whom he calls Aquaman s girlfriend.
The henchmen then prepare to their hideout.
Aquaman fights the henchmen.
The Angler fights Aquaman himself and captures him.
The film ends.
Aquaman will escape.
<EOS>
Four unemployed youth are vexed.
They go to Hyderabad to meet Chief Minister and tell him.
But they could not get an audience.
Meanwhile  a car carrying the Chief Minister Chandra Rayudu and leader are blasted using claymore mines.
When they are traveling to Hyderabad.
They are found alive.
The entire world believes that these two important leaders are dead.
These four youngsters request these leaders to stay and observe.
What is happening.
Meanwhile  the number 2 starts their attempt at making governments.
The rest is all about.
These political leaders understand the ground realities and change their attitude.
<EOS>
A little redhead  freckled 9-year-old boy is unable to adapt.
His only friend is a foul mouthed gerbil and faces constant rejection.
He accidentally meets a prostitute.
Who takes him.
Where he befriends the pimp Fruit Juice  who gives him a small amount.
He decides.
He wants to become a pimp.
The following day  during show and tell.
He is scorned for not having a living male relative and decides to use the pimp glitter to summon Fruit Juice  who consequently impresses the whole class.
Fruit Juice alters the boy s style and dresses him  too.
When he visits the Playground again.
Meanwhile  mayor Tony Gold threatens to close Fruit Juice s bar.
He is given 90.
The boy s mother goes in search of him  first directed to a gay bar and informed by Sweet Chiffon of a nasty midget closely resembling her son and then to the Playground.
The boy refuses to return home.
Which mayor Tony is informed directly and takes advantage.
He is promptly arrested.
His bar is closed down.
Afterwards  mayor Tony Gold kidnaps Fruit Juice s prostitutes.
Order to exploit them  while assigning two policemen to plant a bomb.
Meanwhile  Fruit Juice believes  he changes his attitude.
The boy betrayed him  but and helped to escape by the boy.
The boy s friends meet secretly in his room.
Order to concoct a plan to foil the Mayor s scheme.
His mother discovers them and agrees to disguise herself.
Order to lure the two policemen.
The boy and his friends enter the Town Hall secretly and unveil mayor Tony s wide range.
The boy sets the prostitutes free.
Then   mayor Tony  unaware  presses the button on the remote controlling the bomb  devouring the Town Hall.
The gang moves the explosives.
Fruit Juice turns his bar into a theme park also named the Playground but less sexually explicit.
Mayor Tony and the two policemen are then shown to be working.
<EOS>
Marco begins to realize.
His life is very similar.
Perhaps even more hopeless.
A lack only darken his mood.
Deep asks his brother Davide to travel with him to Holland.
Where he wants to accomplish what his friend Maurizio had so lucidly planned to accomplish  assisted suicide.
He confesses  he wants to stop being such an outsider  stop the suffering.
He wants to end it all.
Davide   does nt give his requests the least credence.
Who has gotten used.
He does nt know - he can not know.
Marco s plan has at least a semblance.
Indeed  the Dutch protocol extends to the category of mental distress.
The day talk  Marco runs away from the Community  and takes a train to Amsterdam  intent on completing his desperate mission.
Where he is living.
When he s trying to save his relationship.
Tired  Nina is not prepared to leave Davide to face this crisis alone.
She may be.
The unexpected journey offers an opportunity.
Marco loses himself in this city of bright lights and attractions.
Almost forgetting  he roams around  with no particular place to go.
He travelled there.
He s very much cast adrift  but then he also feels more free.
He ever has before.
He allows itself one last wish  an intimate relationship with a woman - a prostitute.
Meanwhile  Davide and Nina have made it and started to try and find him.
One evening   Davide sees his brother streak by on a bicycle.
He races manages to block him near the port.
They have a massive argument.
Marco has no intention.
Davide manages to persuade him.
His suicide mission is impracticable.
The doctors he has spoken to have told him.
Marco s condition is not eligible.
And he would still not qualify.
If his condition was eligible.
Marco has to face the facts and give up.
The three head home.
They fly to Pisa  and then drive the rest to Rome.
En route  Davide nods off.
They are very lucky not to be involved.
Davide decides to turn off the main road and find somewhere to stop and have a snooze.
The three  all exhausted  fall asleep in the car.
A magnificent dawn lights up a desolate and uninhabited stretch.
A passing train wakes Marco.
The young man sneaks out.
Nina and Davide are still fast asleep.
He strides away.
Nina wakes up soon  and realizes.
Marco is gone.
This is the point  then it is the beginning.
Which the epilogue starts.
Nina wakes Davide.
They come out and go looking for him.
Marco  wandering  arrives by chance at a beach.
He instinctively throws himself into the sea.
Davide reaches Marco and seeing him  he throws too.
The film ends.
<EOS>
Captain Robert Kelly befriends Lady Patricia Rutledge and rescues her.
Attached in Peking at the time of the Boxer Rebellion.
She has gone to visit.
He then asks a friend to escort her and battles the Chinese in order to give them time to escape.
Eventually he brings news or the approach to the barricade.
<EOS>
Amu is the journey.
Who has lived since the age of.
Kaju goes to India to visit her relatives.
There she meets Kabir  a college student.
Who is disdainful at discovering the real India.
Undeterred  Kaju visits the slums  crowded markets and roadside cafes.
She is struck by an odd feeling of deja vu.
Soon.
She starts having nightmares.
Kabir gets drawn.
This is happening  particularly when he discovers that she is adopted.
Meanwhile Kaju s adoptive mother - Keya Roy  a single parent and civil rights activist  arrives unannounced in Delhi.
She is shocked to discover.
Kaju has been visiting the slums.
Keya s fears are more deeply rooted.
Kaju mistakes her mother s response.
Slowly Kaju starts piecing together.
What happened as Kaju discovers she has been lied to her whole life.
They both discover their families  involvement.
Kaju and Kabir undertake this quest.
Took place after the assassination of Indira Gandhi  the Prime Minister of India.
Kabir learns.
His father was instrumental.
Kabir confronts his father.
Who tries to justify his actions.
Keya finally tells Kaju the truth  her birth name is Amu Singh and her Sikh father.
Younger brother were killed.
Her mother hanged herself.
<EOS>
The films starts Joji Atsumi witnessing a festival at a local village near Fuji.
Shiraishi then tells Atsumi to remain.
He has broken off his engagement but gives no reason other than undisclosed obligation.
A mysterious forest fire is then seen.
Shiraishi rushes out to investigate and disappears.
The next day  Atsumi is.
Where he meets the head astronomer  Tanjiro Adachi.
He hands the doctor a report written.
The report concerns a newly-discovered asteroid.
Shiraishi theorized was once a planet.
He has named it Mysteroid.
However  Adachi does not believe and also points out.
The report is not complete.
Meanwhile  the village is completely wiped out.
Which Shiraishi was staying.
Atsumi and a group stumble upon a giant robot  Mogera.
Investigating the area.
The robot then advances that night  and is meant by heavy resistance from Japan s self defense force.
However  the conventional artillery has no effect.
The creature continues its rampage.
It tries to cross the Koyama Bridge  which is detonated sending the machine crashing down below destroying it.
Atsumi briefs officials on.
What has been learned.
The remains reveal.
It was manufactured out.
Shortly afterwards  astronomers witness activity around the moon.
They alert the world.
Not long  their gigantic dome breaking s crust near Mount Fuji.
The aliens emerge.
A group are politely ushered into the dome   a two mile radius strip of land and the right to marry women on Earth.
Where the Mysterians  a scientifically advanced alien race  list their wants.
The reason is.
100000 years ago their planet Mysteriod  the once fifth planet  was destroyed by a nuclear war.
Fortunately  some Mysterians were able to escape.
Their planet was rendered uninhabitable.
However   Stronium-90 has left 80 percent of the aliens population deformed and crippled.
The proposed interbreeding would produce healthier offspring and keep their race alive.
The latter part is downplayed.
They admit and reveal two others that they are interested in  one of which is Etsuko.
Japan quickly disregards this request and begins the mobilization around Mount Fuji.
It s also discovered.
The missing Shiraishi has sided.
Japan wastes no time  though  and quickly launches a full scale attack.
However  the modern weaponry is no match.
Japan s forces are easily fought back.
Distraught back  Japan sends their plea to other nations.
They might join together to remove the threat from Earth.
The nations answer the plea.
This time utilizing the newly developed Alpha and Beta class airships.
Sadly  the attack is meant as well.
The Mysterians then increase their demand  asking.
The Earth continues to develop a new method.
Earth s efforts pay off.
The Markalite FAHP  a gigantic lens that can reflect the Mysterians  weaponry  is designed.
Meanwhile  the Mysterians kidnap Etsuko and Hiroko  causing Atsumi to search  and locate  a back entrance to the Mysterians  dome.
The Markalite FAHP.
S are deployed against the Mysterians  base of operations commences.
Later joined by Shirashi  attacks the base from the inside  the Markalite FAHP s assault the base from above ground.
Who sacrifices himself after learning of their true ambitions.
Together  the structure is finally destroyed  the kidnapped women are rescued.
The Mysterians expelled forever.
<EOS>
Tony Stilano and Trev Spackneys both own  live over and work in Melbourne.
The pair unite.
They have fallen.
When the multinational fast-food outlet Burgies unveils a new store.
Stilano is an uptight store runner  demanding everything be - the coldest must always be at the front.
Spackneys  however is the opposite.
His chips are made.
He could nt care less.
Both owners are aided.
Sonja Stilano and Dave.
<EOS>
Mike Bronco believes.
A degree is a ticket out of life in a trailer park.
He is determined to rise and broken home to become a clinical family therapist.
His best friend Lynard Lennie Lake  has a simpler vision.
He is a firecracker enthusiast.
Whose notion is trucking school.
One day  fun-loving Lennie convinces the serious-minded Mike to shoplift Near Beer and enjoy a carefree afternoon.
The seemingly harmless exploit snowballs  injuring store owner Ken Kenworthy and enraging his aggressive son  Rickey.
The two offenders land are threatened.
Linda Bronco finds.
She has plenty to contemplate.
She still grapples.
Her youthful indiscretions cost her a career.
She loses her job.
Hell will freeze over.
Her life s burdens hit Linda hard.
She allows the worst.
The Broncos and Lennie believe at first.
It will take a competent  sober lawyer to keep Mike s record clean and.
Next  the boys devise an ironic solution  a few trailer burglaries to raise the money to hire lawyer Ron Lake  Lennie s oily  turquoise-laden  ex-con grandfather  to take their case.
She steadfastly resolves to help them out.
When Linda catches the boys.
Their spoils will finance Mike s college tuition.
The boy s worst fears are realized.
The situation grows more desperate.
When Linda s twenty-something boyfriend to come along.
The boyfriend  Brian Ross  is the town sheriff s son and a former high school football star and bully.
His ceaseless passion complicates their already-complex plan.
If it were not bad enough that Brian resumed tormenting and menacing Mike and Lenny.
Sandy   has bad intentions.
Who just happens to be Ron s post-adolescent trophy wife.
She sees their predicament to launch her own manipulative agenda.
The boys throw all caution and common sense to the wind.
They execute a series of outrageously-plotted trailer park burglaries.
The boys move on to bigger hits at the nursing home and a fast food restaurant.
Then things really spin out to court  massive explosions  guns  fire and  to top it all off  a spectacular car/trailer chase with $ 250000 in loot at stake.
Mike and Lennie learn significant growing-up lessons in the most hilarious ways.
Their bonds grow stronger.
They tear.
They endure many indignities  life-threatening situations  temptations and emberassments.
But they survive  determined to emerge.
<EOS>
The warrior Deathstalker is sent to find a chalice  an amulet  and a sword.
Of which are held.
Deathstalker finds the sword almost immediately.
Has been hidden.
Sword  Deathstalker sets out to Munkar s castle.
Deathstalker learns of a tournament from Oghris  a charming warrior in midriff-baring armor.
Munkar has invited warriors to participate  thereby inheriting Munkar s kingdom.
A winner is determined.
The pair meet Kaira  a female warrior.
Who wears only a G-string and a cloak.
Who joins them.
Arriving  Deathstalker and the other tournament participants are invited to get drunk and rape Munkar s harem slaves  including Princess Codille.
Deathstalker rescues Princess Codille  briefly.
Munkar takes her back.
The tournament continues.
Deathstalker searches at night.
Eventually  nearly all have killed each other.
Deathstalker faces Munkar and defeats him.
<EOS>
The 54-year-old Cheat writes his memoirs.
He is caught stealing money from the family grocery shop.
He is not allowed to enjoy a treat with the rest of the family  mushrooms.
Turn out to be poisonous.
His parents  siblings  uncle and grandparents all die.
His mother s unscrupulous cousin takes charge  and uses his inheritance for his own benefit.
Thus  it appears.
Dishonesty pays.
He runs away and works.
He is unwillingly drawn into a plot to assassinate the visiting Czar Nicholas II of Russia by fellow restaurant worker Serge Abramich.
However  an anonymous letter leads.
The Cheat catches the eye of the much older Countess.
They have a brief fling.
The Cheat decides to take up a profession.
Rewards honesty  croupier.
However  he is taken back at the start of World War I.
He is wounded almost immediately  but is rescued.
Who loses his right arm.
The army loses track  allowing him to spend the war reading books.
Once more a civilian  he is picked up.
The night together  she confesses.
She is a professional thief.
She enlists him.
He slips away afterward and returns to work.
They are successful.
An attractive regular believes.
He can control where the ball falls.
Indeed   she wins consistently.
They become partners  to ensure  he gets her to agree.
He will get his share.
However  she loses all.
She had won before.
The couple quickly obtain a divorce.
He then becomes.
A professional card cheat.
One day   evidently friends.
He spots two women from his past  his former wife and the Jewel Thief together at a gambling table.
He gallantly invites.
Them to share half his bet  but only if he wins.
He does.
They accept his dinner invitation.
Both indicate  he chooses his.
They are willing to go with him  still unaware of his true identity.
He had not slept.
Later  he cheats Charbonnier.
He recognizes his benefactor.
Fortunately  they tie.
He is so filled  he quits cheating.
Charbonnier  having unwittingly cured the Cheat  infects him with another  the love of gambling.
The Cheat loses all.
Returning  the Countess finally recognizes her former lover and tries to recruit him to help her rob the house across the street.
The Cheat declines  explaining first  that guard.
It was his former home and second that he has since embarked.
<EOS>
Ka-Kui is introduced to the military police force s Interpol director  Jessica Yang.
Who briefs him.
The target is a drug lord named Chaibat.
The plan is to get close.
Order to infiltrate Chaibat s organization.
Who is being held.
Ka-Kui  posing  is able to help Panther escape with the aid of Chinese military police.
Who eliminate Panther s men.
Panther then meets up.
Ka-Kui helps them escape.
En route pass through the supposed home-village of Ka-Kui s undercover role.
Panther insists.
Ka-Kui visit his family there.
Realizing  Ka-Kui is apprehensive but is pleasantly relieved to be greeted.
He does not actually know anyone.
Yang and the Chinese military police help them win Panther s trust.
Ka-Kui  Yang and Panther go to Chaibat s luxurious hide out.
Ka-Kui and Yang succeed  especially after helping his men destroy a fortified drug production lab in Thailand  somewhere in the Golden Triangle.
When Chaibat betrays a number who are conducting a heroin deal with him.
The action then shifts  and is facing the death penalty.
Where Chaibat s wife is being held.
However  Chaibat needs to keep her alive.
She knows the secret codes.
She will not reveal them.
More difficulties arise.
When Ka-Kui happens to run May at a Malaysian resort hotel.
She confronts.
The situation turns  with Panther believing.
Ka-Kui was trying to proposition a prostitute.
Later  Ka-Kui is able to corner May and explain the situation.
She finally calms down.
May even manages to keep Ka-Kui from inadvertently blowing his own cover.
But then   May tells a co-worker about.
One overhears her.
May is taken hostage.
Ka-Kui and Yang - their cover now blown - are forced to help Chaibat free his wife.
Chaibat s scheme is successful.
May is released  as.
However  the exchange turns sour.
When Chaibat pushes May.
Furious  Ka-Kui and Yang refuse to let Chaibat and his men escape.
An elaborate stunt-filled action sequence begins.
Covers the roads  rooftops  and skies  finally reaching its climax aboard a speeding train  where Chaibat is killed after his helicopter collides into a tunnel and lands on him.
Yang and Ka-Kui finally succeed.
The wife decides to tell Yang and Ka-Kui the password.
Her husband is dead.
The two partners get.
Whether Hong Kong or China will take possession.
<EOS>
Madeleine Stowe and Bruce Greenwood star.
The movie recounts his inspiring love story.
She is diagnosed.
Mort Kondracke envisioned marrying a Vassar graduate.
Whose status would facilitate his goal.
His calculated plans go awry.
When he meets and marries Milly Martinez  a brash part-Mexican  part-Catholic  part-Jewish liberal activist who captures his heart.
C.
The loving  strong-willed partners build a passionate and volatile marriage.
To raise their two daughters as well as her insatiable  all-consuming desire to save the world.
Their lives take a dramatic turn.
When Milly notices a change in her fingers.
Her worst fears are confirmed.
Milly is diagnosed with Parkinson s disease.
Holding  Mort changes his focus from being a die-hard careerist to becoming.
A devoted caregiver and Parkinson s advocate and the love grows stronger.
His life becomes committed.
Her illness progresses.
<EOS>
Dr Larry Roberts  a Beverly Hills plastic surgeon  is puzzled.
When four beautiful models working request cosmetic surgery to make changes so minor as to be imperceptible to the naked eye.
He discovers.
When these models later start dying.
They are all linked.
The Digital Matrix research firm rates advertising models using a scoring system to measure the combined visual impact.
Some models are sent to Dr Roberts to get cosmetic surgery to maximize their visual impacts.
They still are not as effective  so the research firm decides to use a different approach.
The models are physically perfect.
Each model is offered a contract to have her body scanned digitally to create 3D computer-generated models  then the 3D models are animated.
The contract deals seem to be incredibly lucrative   they get a paycheck for life  never having to work again.
Their bodies are represented digitally.
Their digital model is used in commercials.
However   Roberts becomes suspicious and decides to investigate Digital Matrix.
When these same models start dying.
He has a strong interest  he is considered a prime suspect by the police.
His most recent patient  Cindy  is the last to be digitally scanned.
Roberts discovers some advanced-technology devices.
The Digital Matrix corporation is using to hypnotize consumers.
He also discovers the Light Ocular-Oriented Kinetic Emotive Responses gun  a light pulse device.
Gives the illusion by instantly mesmerizing its victims into losing all sense of time.
<EOS>
The extravagant life.
Who thought nothing.
But living finally wakes him up  forcing to end his bachelor s life by marrying the daughter of a wealthy earl for her money.
All goes well.
A horse eats a certain straw hat  triggering a series.
<EOS>
Eric  a sculptor  wakes up recalling a disturbing dream followed and taking them back to his studio for sex.
However  he is clearly distressed.
It turns out.
This is the aftermath.
The movie then recounts his relationship.
Olga picks up Eric.
When he is hitchhiking.
Immediately they hit it off together  both sexually and spiritually.
They live together and marry.
However  their relationship is strongly resisted.
She does not approve.
Who lives poorly  as a suitable match for Olga.
Nevertheless  Eric and Olga get married.
Olga s family accepts him.
Olga suddenly starts acting strangely.
She flirts with a businessman.
He slaps her.
She leaves him.
Eric trashes his studio  violently crushing anything.
Reminded him.
This brings the movie.
Where it opened  ending the flashback.
Eric is still obsessed  but sees her only occasionally.
She acts more and more outrageously  often.
Her family refuses to let Eric visit her.
He says he has come to arrange a divorce.
Olga gets married to an American businessman.
Soon goes wrong.
Olga moves back.
One day he meets Olga.
Who is flamboyantly dressed and acting almost completely incoherent.
She collapses and is taken.
Where she is diagnosed.
Surgical intervention could not remove all.
It becomes clear.
She will die.
Eric brings her turkish delight.
Is the only thing she will eat.
She is afraid that harder food will break her teeth.
She dies.
<EOS>
Powla is a villager.
Who always dreams.
He is very much a coward.
One day  he is awoken.
Who is due to a snake bite.
Powla vows to die and go.
He lies.
The plan is foiled.
When some men find him and take him.
They are gangsters  wanting to take advantage.
They have an idea.
His insurance would give them double benefits.
Soniya Babra Sharif is made their secretary.
Powla is still.
A lady is injured.
Looking. 
Powla sees her and takes her.
She has a daughter.
The lady recovers and makes Powla her son.
Powla knows.
He has enemies.
A village boy  an actor  likes his new sister.
Meanwhile  the antagonists are still trying to kill him.
Soriya overhears their secret talk.
She saves Powla twice  keeping her identity hidden.
The villagers think.
Powla is brave.
He is given money and a gun.
He thinks.
Adeeb and Afzaal try to kill him.
He is captured but runs away.
Powla eventually discovers Soniya s identity.
He is coward.
Soniya is brave.
Her sister s marriage is due to be held.
The gangsters try to wound his adopted mother and rape his sister.
His sister dies.
Powla and Soniya both take revenge and kill their enemies.
Powla  Soniya and his adopted mother go to Powla s village.
<EOS>
The successful American lawyer Jonathan Harker suddenly proposes to his girlfriend Mina.
He wants to marry her.
Their friends Lucy  Quincy and Arthur have been invited and have just arrived for the wedding  all without Mina s awareness.
Meanwhile  they meet the promoter.
Later  Jonathan is called by a rich client  Tepes.
Who hires him to prepare the inventory in Romania.
Jonathan travels in his Porsche  has an accident and finally arrives in the count s old castle.
Vlad Tepes  here calling himself Count Vladislav Tepes  decides to leave his castle and move.
He says.
He feels tired.
He discusses some illegal business with Harker.
He also wants Jonathan s help.
Jonathan s friends businessman Quincey Morris  specialising.
Arthur Holmwood  a British diplomat  offer to help.
Who is.
Quincey convinces them.
Jonathan and Arthur have their doubts.
Money is all that matters and its one true power that makes the world go around.
Dracula gets very interested young people -- the men  hungry for money and power  Lucy   and Mina.
Who wants to sleep  in many cities  have new experiences and live for ever.
Who wants to change the world and end human suffering.
Dracula tries to seduce all five of them into his own world  make.
Them wish to become vampires.
Focusing again and again  he says.
Hypocritical morality is.
Survival is the proper way and even the strong can not save the weak.
He also references God s slaughters to prove.
Humanity was created.
There to stop.
Him is the researcher who believes that Dracula can be defeated when he faces a strong will empowered by faith.
But he raises more and more.
His will is almost broken.
It is Mina  halfway.
Manages to make Dracula trust her and kills him as he holds her.
The films end still having the vampire s mark and.
That affects her remains a question.
<EOS>
Speed is a way of life.
But the four soon come to realize.
Living life carries a very high price.
Debts are not settled with cash  they are settled in blood.
Each character has a different motive and a different goal.
They are all the same.
When they get.
It is the speed.
Connects them.
The one thing will be the one thing.
They all have.
Tears them apart.
The movie starts.
They then order pizza.
Is to be delivered.
His way is blocked by Nicole s broken down car and then by a police chase between Eric and Wolf making him run out of time for delivering pizzas on time.
Katie s Subaru is driven by a mysterious Phantom driver in the illegal racing events thereby earning her extra money for paying her debts.
Meanwhile Mike sees Nicole s BMW.
He steals to prove he is a good racer to Katie.
There he races and ultimately wins the race but wrecks the BMW.
Next day  Mike apologizes saying.
When Nicole sees what has become.
One ca nt buy.
What it feels.
This earns Katie Nicole s contract.
Meanwhile Mike is hired as a wheel man in place of Wolf.
Eric is investigating the bank robberies and figures out and also comes to know.
Wolf is the former wheel man.
Mike is the new one.
He investigates Mike s background and comes to know.
He is a wanted convict.
Drive and drift.
Ordered Nicole s new sports car is made.
Mike and Eric becomes friends and races against Wolf for the last time.
Where Wolf s car crashes.
<EOS>
Omar Ali is a young man living.
His father  Hussein  is a Pakistani journalist.
Who lives but hates Britain and its international politics.
His dissatisfaction has caused his alcoholism to take over.
That Omar has to take care.
Omar s paternal uncle Nasser is a successful entrepreneur and an active member of the London Pakistani community.
Omar s father asks his uncle to give him a job and   he is assigned the task of running a run-down laundrette and turning it into a profitable business.
Omar meets a few other members of the Pakistani community  Tania  Nasser s daughter and possibly a future bride  and Salim.
Who traffics drugs and hires him to deliver them.
The three get attacked by a group of right-wing extremists shouting racist slogans.
Driving Salim and his wife home that night.
Omar recognizes an old friend of his  Johnny.
Omar asks Johnny to resume their friendship.
Johnny decides to help.
They resume a romantic relationship.
Had been interrupted.
Running out  Omar and Johnny sell one of Salim s drug deliveries to make cash for the laundrette redecoration.
The laundrette becomes a success.
Nasser visits the store with his mistress  Rachel.
They dance together.
Omar and Johnny are having sex.
Omar and Johnny are almost caught.
Omar claims.
They were sleeping.
Tania confronts Rachel.
Nasser and Rachel leave the laundrette and fight  Rachel storms off.
She feels humiliated.
She falls ill with a skin rash apparently caused by a ritual curse from Nasser s wife.
Rachel decides to leave him.
Omar   proposes.
Drunk. 
She agrees.
Omar gathers money.
Omar s father also stops  late in the night  and appeals to Johnny to persuade Omar to go to college.
He is unhappy running a laundrette.
Omar decides to take over two laundrettes owned  with the help of Salim.
Salim drives Johnny and Omar to view one.
He expresses his dislike.
Salim attempts to run over the group.
Who had previously attacked Omar s car.
The group decides to wait for Salim around the laundrette.
Tania drops and tells Johnny.
The punks circle the laundrette.
She is leaving and asks.
He will come.
He refuses Tania.
She departs.
The punks trash his car.
When Salim enters the laundrette.
He runs out of the laundrette and is then ambushed and attacked.
He is beaten and bloodied.
Johnny decides to save him.
The punks turn their attention  and beat him savagely.
He is saved.
The film cuts to Nasser visiting Omar s father  and their discussion.
Nasser sees Tania.
She is running away.
He shouts but she disappears.
Omar proceeds to clean up Johnny s wounds  and the two bond.
The film ends.
They are continuing their relationship.
<EOS>
Aristocrat Bruce Lowe is convicted.
He did not commit and is transported to Australia.
An army officer  Matthew Marr  pretends to be a friend to gain access to his fortune and seduce his sister  Marie.
Lowe stands up to a bully and gains a friend in Richard Groves.
Lowe escapes  and heads to the bush.
Some aboriginals discover a goldfield.
Lowe proves his innocence.
Marr is arrested.
<EOS>
Two photojournalists  Sean and Dana  brave the jungles to get their story in.
When they are captured.
<EOS>
Azhagesan  a mentally retarded man  loves his cousin Nandini  a college student.
Azhagesan works hard.
Neelakandan  the village landlord  has a son Sekhar.
Who is a womaniser.
Chandra  Nandini s college professor  falls with Nandini  he proposes to marry her.
She accepts.
Sekhar   is humiliated and slapped.
Who has an eye.
Sekhar evicts Nandini and Nandini s grandmother.
Her marriage is immediately stopped.
Her grandmother falls ill.
Azhagesan accommodates them.
Nandini s grandmother dies.
Nandini is raped.
Nandini begins to feel sympathy  she aborts with Neelakandan s daughter support.
Neelakandan requests Nandini to come.
They can prepare but she refuses.
Azhagesan humiliates Neelakandan.
Sekhar decides to kill Azhagesan.
First  he kills Azhagesan s family friend Govinda.
Neelakandan dies.
Sekhar s henchmen beats.
Azhagesan and Nandini kills Sekhar.
Few years later  she is released and live happily with Azhagesan.
<EOS>
Rajeshwar is the only son.
Who is an industrialist  and partners.
Rajeshwar then meets a girl.
Who happens to be his school teachers daughter.
Bharati s father is Vishnupratap a schoolteacher.
Who is really uhappy for he is unable to earn enough money to feed his family and provide them.
He and other teachers work.
The fund management headed have been for years without giving any hike in fees to teachers making them work.
He starts confronting each lie.
When Rajeshwar comes to know.
Bharati has a neighbour  Tilak   and lives.
Who is unemployed.
Who works.
Later he gets job and starts.
Almost obstructing all the criminal activities carried out.
Rajeshwar gets impressed.
Meanwhile Tilak falls with the Dhanraj ` daughter  Rani.
Dharamraj accidentally meets Sharda.
He realises.
Tilak is his long lost nephew.
Dharamraj tells Rajeshwar the history and.
Tilak is related.
Then Dharamraj gets killed.
The evidence points.
He has to gather evidence to prove his innocence.
<EOS>
Patsy Cline is unhappily married and playing small-time gigs.
When she meets Charlie Dick  whose charm and aggressive self-confidence catch her attention.
Patsy leaves her husband to marry Charlie.
She gives up music to focus.
But.
S.
Army  Patsy begins singing again.
Patsy becomes a rising star on the country music scene.
However  Patsy s success fuels her self-confidence  much.
He becomes increasingly physically and emotionally abusive.
Patsy attempts to assert her independence.
Patsy was.
When she died at the age of.
<EOS>
Dilios  a Spartan soldier  narrates the story from his boyhood to becoming a king of Sparta.
Years later  a Persian messenger arrives  demanding the submission of Sparta to King Xerxes.
Leonidas kicks the messenger into a large well.
Knowing  Leonidas visits the Ephors -- ancient leprosy-ridden priests.
This will prompt a Persian attack.
Whose blessing he needs before the Spartan council will authorize going.
He proposes.
They repel the numerically superior Persians.
The Ephors consult the Oracle.
Who decrees that Sparta must not go during their religious festival Carnea.
Two agents of Xerxes appear -- one of them  Theron  a Spartan.
Who bribe the Ephors.
Leonidas follows his plan anyway  setting out.
Whom he calls his personal guards to avoid needing the council s permission.
He hopes.
He regards the mission.
The sacrifice will spur the council to unite.
Arcadians join the Spartans.
They construct a wall to contain the approaching Persians.
Leonidas meets Ephialtes  a hunchbacked Spartan.
Construction goes on.
Whose parents fled Sparta to spare him.
Wanting to redeem his father s name  Ephialtes asks to join the fight  he warns Leonidas.
The Persians could use to outflank.
He turns him down   this would compromise the Spartans  phalanx formation.
Leonidas sympathizes.
Ephialtes can not properly hold a shield.
The Persian Captain demands.
The Spartans lay down their weapons.
Leonidas refuses.
The Spartans use the narrow terrain to repeatedly rebuff the advancing Persian army.
Xerxes personally parleys  offering him wealth and power in exchange for his loyalty and surrender.
Leonidas declines.
Xerxes sends his elite guard  the formidable Immortals  to attack  but the Spartans successfully dispatch them  suffering a few casualties.
Xerxes then sends a number  including black powder bombs and war elephants.
All fail.
Astinos is killed.
Drives his father Captain Artemis.
Angered  Ephialtes defects to the Persians and informs them of the secret path.
The Arcadians retreat.
When they realize Ephialtes s treachery.
Leonidas orders Dilios to return to tell the Council of their sacrifice.
He is still fit.
Dilios had recently injured his left eye.
Leonidas decides to use Dilios s gift to appeal to the Spartan council.
Dilios leaves.
Reluctant to leave his brothers behind.
Queen Gorgo is raped by Theron  before.
He promises his help.
However   Theron publicly betrays the Queen by accusing her of adultery  prompting the councilmen to cry out in outrage and Gorgo to kill him in a fit of anger.
The xiph pierces his purse  spilling Persian coins  revealing his role as traitor.
Gorgo uses to kill Theron.
The Council agrees to unite.
The Persians use the goat path to outflank the Spartans.
Xerxes s general demands their surrender  again offering Leonidas titles and prestige.
Leonidas seemingly bows  allowing Stelios to leap over him and kill the general instead.
Furious  Xerxes orders.
His troops to attack.
Leonidas rises and hurls his spear  cutting the King on the cheek  thus fulfilling an earlier promise to make the God-King bleed.
Visibly disturbed  Xerxes watches.
A massive barrage kills all the Spartans.
Leonidas pledges his undying love to Gorgo.
Concluding his tale a year after Thermopylae  Dilios relates.
The Persian army has suffered desertions.
Word spread across Greece  inspiring.
The different city-states to unite.
Now  the Persians face 10000 Spartans leading 30000 free Greeks.
Dilios declares and praises the sacrifice.
Still outnumbered three.
The Greeks shall be victorious.
He then leads the Greeks  the battle.
Would end Persia s invasion.
<EOS>
Months away from high school graduation indulge in reckless behavior.
Finds them.
These three friends are.
Mikey Acosta is a star high school baseball prospect  as well as the son.
Angel is a whiz.
Stok is the son.
These three best friends attempt to navigate amongst the pressures and temptations of the city.
<EOS>
A passenger spots a murder being committed on another train  through the window.
He embarks.
<EOS>
During a day  we see large and small events.
Occur. 
A poor old lady   receives unexpected reward of a mother.
Who  thanks  found at night her daughter who had been lost since morning.
A young girl  dreaming  refuses the advances of her childhood friend to be stabbed to death by a sadistic sculptor.
The latter is shot.
Who accidentally injured a worker who was returning home.
Rushed  the injured worker is saved through the first open-heart surgery performed by a young surgeon.
Who has just flunked his intern exam.
<EOS>
Set  the film tells of the adventures of Caroline Frost  the wilful and spoilt daughter of a US Senator.
He does not approve  and persuades President James K Polk to post Latham to guard gold shipments from the California mines owned by Jake Carstair.
Caroline travels and manages to join a wagon-train about to trek overland to the West.
She falls.
Adapting slowly  she first claims to be married to the Prince and then further claims to be actually married to Carstair.
She eventually reaches Sonora.
Here  her problems are quickly sorted out.
Caroline decides.
She really loves Johnny.
Her Father   is reconciled.
Who has followed her.
<EOS>
A psychopath terrorizes a city  picking out young  beautiful women as his victims.
<EOS>
Don Vito Leoni  the Godfather  is clinically depressed.
The world has changed.
He has nt.
He d like to retire.
They d be dead.
He left the family business.
So he decides to go legit.
Convinces everyone that he must be completely.
To preserve their cushy lives  his dysfunctional family conspires to get him some psychotherapy.
So his boys kidnap a paisan shrink  and order him to fix their father.
<EOS>
Debdutta and Arun are inseparable childhood peers.
Who maintain an excellent bonhomie.
Deb joins a refrigerator company.
Arun becomes a cop.
Meanwhile Deb falls with Kabita.
Kabita recommends her closest friend s name.
Deb and Kabita plan to marry.
Debdutta goes and lays out the plan.
The duo hope to marry together.
But things go awry.
When Arun hurts himself.
He burns so badly.
Doctors abandon all hope.
Succumbing  a dying Arun requests Deb to bring Kajol for a final instance.
Deb goes to fetch Kajol.
Her uncle Binod bashes up Deb.
He has diverse plans.
Deb gets back unscathed  shivering in despair.
Meanwhile Kabita arrives.
Deb requests and prays Kabita to act only for a solitary instance  as the last wish of a dying man.
But  Arun miraculously returns back to life from the jaws of death.
Kabita gets tragically stamped.
Kajol and Deb sacrifices his love.
Deb searches.
She gets stabbed by Binod.
Abandoning all hope Deb advises Kabita to marry Arun and remain Kajol.
A dumbstruck Kabita prepares to sacrifice everything.
But Arun reveals.
He knows every move and tested lovers.
<EOS>
Doug Caswell falls.
Irene happens to be the mistress.
It s up  Helen to put things right.
<EOS>
Emma Norman  an engaged school teacher  shows up.
Videotaped and moans are then spliced together with raw pornographic footage.
Emma comes back home to find her friends ostracizing her and her fiance doubting her fidelity.
The new footage is heavily circulated.
Emma sinks.
The school she works fires her.
Adding  she soon discovers.
She is also the subject.
Emma then becomes determined to track down the people.
Who ruined her life.
<EOS>
A couple are doting on their newborn twin boys.
Meanwhile  a dangerous gang leader named.
Crazy Kung is being transported.
Crazy Kung escapes and attempts to take one.
The twins are permanently separated.
One  named Ma Yau  is raised by his parents and grows up to be a concert pianist and conductor.
The other  named Wan Ma  is raised  and grows up to be a street racer and martial artist.
Neither has ever thought.
He has a twin brother.
28 years later  the twins  lives intersect.
Wan Ma and his best friend Tarzan get mixed up.
Meanwhile  Ma Yau prepares to conduct a major concert.
The twins accidentally switch places  causing confusion.
They discover each other.
The twins also have romantic interests named Barbara and Tong Sum.
Eventually  the twins defeat the gang  and marry their romantic interests.
Has been threatening them.
<EOS>
During the bloodiest civil war in Nepal  A wounded rebellion survivor sets on a journey to shelters himself in a deserted cottage army officer hiding inside it.
Where he is about to discover his enemy side state.
Fatigued and frustrated  both of them fraternize with each other and get to know the men  in.
Who live.
What became a true lesson.
<EOS>
The movie starts.
An adoption ceremony presided over  in a village in Kyrgyzstan.
The movie then flashes forward a decade.
So to show the coming.
He is shown indulging with friends in a rural setting  like stealing honey from beehives and going to watch screened Hindi movies.
However  approaching adolescence leads the boys to spy  make clay models of the female form and pretend to make love and eye girls.
Beshkempir is even shown.
Leads to Beshkempir s friend divulging the fact of his adoption to Beshkempir by calling Beshkempir a foundling.
Who had been unaware till then.
Beshkempir is upset.
Though his grandmother denies the story.
This leads with his friend.
Hostility is also shown on numerous occasions  culminating in the friend s mother coming to Beshkempir s house to complain about Beshkempir beating up his son.
Beshkempir s adoptive father beats Beshkempir.
Who runs away and joins a fisherman.
Meanwhile  Beshkempir s grandmother dies and asks.
Beshkempir be told the truth.
Beshkempir is located and brought home  and is reconciled.
The funeral ceremony shows Beshkempir suddenly growing up.
Where he pledges to repay his grandmother s debts and to forgo any outstanding debts.
The film ends.
<EOS>
You never leave a brother behind  Tactical Unit Column Sergeant Sam and May have been working together for some time but have never got along well.
May is promoted recently.
She always wins praises  whereas Sam is shut out from any chance of promotion.
Their column s morale drops to all-time low.
A daring bank heist takes the tactical unit searching for armed bandits.
They understand the only way to survive.
Sam and May lead their team to conduct sweeps amidst treacherous terrain and deadly ambushes.
The mission is if they stick together.
<EOS>
Men and Women follows the travels.
Who goes in search of a job.
There he is taken.
Who not only gives him a home  but also a job in her clothing store.
Xiao Bo resists and eventually moves.
She tries to set Xiao Bo.
When he is assaulted.
He moves.
Whom a romantic relationship is kindled.
Qing Jie  meanwhile  discovers  and decides to leave her husband.
She may have feelings.
<EOS>
Misfit parapsychologists Peter Venkman  Raymond Stantz  and Egon Spengler lose their jobs at Columbia University.
Unable to research their discovery  the trio establish a paranormal exterminator service known.
Lacking customers and faced  they are eventually hired by the Sedgewick Hotel to investigate a haunting.
They capture their first ghost and deposit it in a containment unit located in the firehouse basement.
Paranormal activity begins to increase.
The Ghostbusters become celebrities containing it  while becoming increasingly burdened by the hectic schedule.
The group later hire a fourth member  Winston Zeddemore  to help them cope.
The Ghostbusters are hired.
Whose apartment is haunted.
Venkman takes a particular interest  competing for Dana s affection with her neighbor  Louis Tully.
Dana is possessed.
They investigate.
Declares itself The Gatekeeper.
Louis called Vinz Clortho  The Keymaster.
Both demons speak.
The Ghostbusters plan to keep the two apart.
Thereafter  the Ghostbusters  office is visited.
Who arrests the team.
Freed  Louis/Vinz advances toward Dana/Zuul s apartment.
The escaped ghosts create havoc.
Consulting blueprints.
The Ghostbusters learn that it was built.
The Ghostbusters are brought and freed in order to combat the paranormal activity  but are unable to prevent the arrival of Gozer.
Who initially appears.
Briefly subdued  Gozer disappears  but her voice echoes.
The destructor will follow  taking a form chosen.
Venkman  holding  urges his comrades to avoid giving form by clearing their minds.
This means that whatever they imagine will appear.
Unable to keep his mind blank  Stantz remembers a beloved corporate mascot  something  whereupon.
Could never  ever possibly destroy us.
The destructor arrives and begins laying waste to the city.
To defeat this manifestation  the team decides to merge the energy streams while directing these against Gozer s entrance.
The plan succeeds  banishing Gozer back to whence  sealing the gateway  and destroying the Marshmallow Man in a single explosion.
It came.
Soon thereafter  Dana and Louis are freed.
The Ghostbusters are applauded.
Hundreds wipe the melted marshmallow goo from their brows.
<EOS>
Cries and Whispers takes place.
It depicts the final days.
Who is near death.
Her sisters Maria and Karin have returned to be with her.
They remain distant and awkward.
Struggle to comfort their sister  while dealing her death is bringing to them.
The deeply religious maid Anna   is able to comfort her.
Whose own daughter died young.
Agnes dies.
A priest arrives.
Later she returns to life for a short moment.
She asks her family for love and care.
Karin  Maria and the dead Agnes get closer to each other  only to be even more distant shortly afterwards.
Only Anna is able to embrace and mourn the dead.
The film is characterized.
Visit the protagonists  lives and their memories  tracing each woman s personality.
Maria remembers her failed marriage  Agnes remembers her unrequited devotion  Karin struggles with.
She performs an act to disturb and drive away her husband.
The last flashback   is narrated through her diary  and shows her sisters descending upon the house clad in white  like angels.
The last words are Agnes whispering.
What may.
I can not wish better.
Now   I can experience perfection.
And I feel profoundly grateful.
Gives me so much.
<EOS>
Young Alice  having become a celebrity in Wonderland  is in her bedroom dreaming about visiting Paris and sharing adventures with story book girl  Madeline.
A talking mouse named Francois rides a bicycle and wants to conduct a survey about her favourite cheeses.
Alice wants to join Francois  so Francois uses a cheese.
His company makes.
Uses the same magical mushroom she ate as an ingredient  to shrink Alice to rodent size.
Together  they ride.
Where Francois narrates a series with a Parisian theme.
It turns out.
When Alice finally meets her.
Madeline dreams.
<EOS>
The plot revolved and detailed.
Obsession can tend to corrupt moral character.
A fire started by Jim Redbird  a poor and hapless Cherokee   and  results in an extravagant fire scene.
Who had been made a rich owner through crooked dealings of oilmen.
Who later renounces his holdings.
Which the movie got its Oscar nomination.
<EOS>
Extended Play is unlike any other.
<EOS>
A ragtag squad of American soldiers  led by one-eyed Major Falconer and including Sgt.
Rossi  art expert Captain Beckman and the narrator  Pvt.
Allistair Benjiman  take shelter  containing many priceless and irreplaceable art treasures   impregnate the Countess.
The impotent Count hopes they will defend as well as  he also hopes.
That his line may continue.
The film is based by William Eastlake published in.
<EOS>
Steve is a maladjusted Los Angeles teenager.
Who renames himself Hate.
He lives.
Who is bilking a former employer.
One evening while taking a motorcycle ride  Hate witnesses.
What appears to be an attempted rape.
He shoots the would-be attacker and takes off  the young girl being assaulted.
It turns out.
The rapist is an assistant district attorney  who survives the shooting and falsely reports that he was the victim.
Hate and Cindy leave Los Angeles.
Their situation deteriorates.
When Hate fatally shoots a motorcycle officer whom he mistakenly believes has come to arrest him.
<EOS>
The beginning introduces the Coal Elf Brigade  a special unit of Christmas elves.
Is responsible.
The brigade adds small  encouraging notes  in an attempt to steer the children back to the nice list.
Seeming cruel.
Wayne and Lanny must race to recover classified North Pole technology.
Has fallen.
Desperate to prevent Christmas  Wayne seeks out the foremost Naughty Kid expert to aid in the mission  a bombastic member of the Coal Elf Brigade.
Who also happens to be his estranged younger brother  Noel.
Reluctant to take the extroverted Noel along  Wayne relents.
Noel joins the Prep & Landing team.
Noel and Wayne reminisce about their childhood.
When they worked together far better than they do now.
Wayne sets  imperiling the entire team  Wayne takes a particular beating.
The trio arrives.
Noel is able to defend himself.
Lanny  however  is able to infiltrate the hacker s room  only to be taken captive.
The hacker then reveals herself to be Grace Goodwin.
Whose sole mission is to get herself  believing that she had been set up by her toddler brother  who had destroyed her favorite toy and ruined her chances to ask Santa for a new one by his crying.
She does just that  using.
A somewhat intoxicated Lanny suggests using the magic word to get the password.
The word please  since genuinely naughty kids never say please.
She appears successful in changing her status from naughty to nice.
The device malfunctions  threatening to place the entire planet.
She and the team can pull off a risky operation to fix the problem.
Meanwhile  Wayne is particularly bitter.
Which Wayne wishes he never had a brother.
Shocked  Noel asks Wayne to say  then throws.
He did nt mean it.
What he had intended to give Wayne at him.
The gift -- a toy sled -- prompts Wayne to reconcile and carry out the mission.
Wayne had wanted but was never able to get.
Grace  watching the whole argument  learns a powerful lesson and a newfound appreciation.
It unfolds.
The next morning  the scene shows Grace s toddler brother giving her her new Christmas present  a replacement toy for the one.
He had destroyed a year prior.
Meanwhile  back both win the title of Elves of the Year for their efforts and cooperation.
<EOS>
The Pentagon sends their top Army Intelligence officer -- Major John Murphy -- to assume a bent undercover identity.
When an army operations officer is gunned down near the US-Mexican border.
Order to gain the trust at Fort Tillman.
Assigned to guard the USA s anti-drug interests.
Mike Gammon instead attempts to take over the drug business.
Gammon is working.
Feeling  Gammon begins killing drug couriers  appropriates their goods  and sets his crew to work distributing the drugs in Los Angeles.
The body count begins to rise.
Murphy penetrates Gammon s inner circle.
<EOS>
Tony  a wealthy young Londoner  hires Hugo Barrett.
Initially  Barrett appears to take easily.
He and Tony form a quiet bond  retaining their social roles.
Relationships begin shifting  however.
They change.
Who seems to be suspicious and to loathe all he represents.
Barrett brings Vera.
Whom he presents  into Tony s household as a maidservant.
It emerges.
Vera is actually Barrett s lover.
They reverse roles with Tony and Susan  Tony becomes more and more dissipated  sinking further into  as the master and the servant exchange roles.
What he perceives.
Tony has become wholly dependent on Barrett.
Susan is exiled permanently.
It was Losey.
Who first showed Robin Maugham s novelette The Servant to Bogarde.
Originally separately commissioned stripped it of its first-person narrator  its yellow book snobbery and the arguably anti-Semitic characterisation of Barrett - oiliness  heavy lids - replacing them with an economical language.
Implied rather than stated the slippage away from Tony towards Barrett.
Losey s other collaborations  Accident and The Go-Between  share a resemblance to The Servant.
That they offer the same savage indictment.
The Servant.
UK  Studio Canal  2007 a theme.
British film-makers had not previously explored.
<EOS>
Burma is a confused girl.
Who likes.
One day  she meets some strangers.
Who invite her and her group.
She goes  they all drink alcohol  only the girls at the party smoke marijuana unknowingly  and keep on laughing.
The other girls wind up going.
Burma has sex.
One drowns at the skinny-dipping party.
The rest have to keep the details of the party a secret.
She pressures him to marry her.
When Burma tells her boyfriend she is pregnant.
He says and turns.
Everything will be fine.
Who threw the party.
Order to support his new upcoming family and responsibilities.
The stranger gives him a job unloading smuggled drugs.
The police find out  chase the smugglers  and end up shooting and killing Burma s boyfriend.
She runs away  is forced to give the child up for adoption  and becomes a drug dealer.
Burma finds out.
Burma moves on.
Burma hatches a plan to kidnap and ransom her sister s adopted daughter for $.
She later finds out.
The child is   her own.
<EOS>
Boxer follows Ma Yongzhen and Xiao Jiangbei.
Ma and Xiao are manual laborers busting their tails at the beginning of the film.
Ma s first encounter lord.
Tan Si starts him off.
Step  he earns the respect of everyone  either with his strength of character or by beating them up.
He meets.
He indulges himself  much like the one Tan Si uses.
When he gets a really big break.
However  he is mindful.
Times are still tough.
He shares his good fortune.
He lectures them.
When they assist him.
Who simply do nt have any to spare.
The tea house.
Ma and his underlings frequent employs a singer  Jin Lingzi  and her uncle  who provides the music.
Ms.
Jin s hopes.
Ma s arrival will mark a turn and fall.
<EOS>
Jo is a 17-year old schoolgirl.
Jo meets.
A black sailor called Jimmy who invites her.
They soon start a brief relationship.
Which Jimmy returns.
Relations become strained.
When her mother meets and marries a new man  Peter Smith.
Feeling rejected  Jo starts a job in a shoe shop and rents a flat on her own.
She meets a gay textile design student  Geoffrey Ingham  and invites him to move in.
Geoff is supportive  even offering to marry her  saying at one point  You need somebody to love you.
When Jo discovers she is pregnant.
You re looking to love.
Helen re-appears with Peter.
Who turns out to have been a selfish lout.
She moves.
Causes tensions.
Geoff decides and moves out  leaving Helen to care.
He can no longer stay.
Symbolic is her return  near the end of the film  of the bassinet.
He gave.
<EOS>
Little Annie Rooney is a tough girl.
She spends her days wreaking havoc.
She looks up.
Who is.
Annie develops a crush.
Her father Timothy Rooney serves as the officer of the neighbourhood.
Officer Rooney is a well-respected man.
This is.
Everybody is when an unknown person shoots him.
The culprits mislead Annie s brother.
Joe Kelly is the shooter.
Annie is now unsure.
Whom to believe.
<EOS>
The film utilizes several techniques to create a biographical portrait.
These include.
Interviews shot at home with his friends and family.
Ziering Kofman also reads excerpts from Derrida s work or otherwise describes aspects of his life.
Derrida also focuses.
Scholars tend to ignore important biographical information when discussing philosophers  lives.
Derrida comments.
He would be most interested because this topic is seldom addressed in their writings.
The filmmakers respond by probing Derrida on various aspects of his own personal life.
He usually refuses to directly answer questions.
The film also follows Derrida.
Where he visits Nelson Mandela s former prison cell and discusses forgiveness.
Derrida states.
His own childhood experiences have heightened his sensitivity to racial issues.
<EOS>
A young girl nicknamed Gorgeous has plans for a summer vacation with her father.
Who had been.
Her father returns home and surprises Gorgeous.
She has a new stepmother  Ryoko Ema.
This upsets Gorgeous.
Her mother had died years earlier.
Gorgeous goes and writes a letter to her aunt asking.
She could come visit her this summer instead.
Gorgeous  aunt replies and allows her to come visit.
Gorgeous invites her six friends  Prof  Melody  Kung Fu  Mac  Sweet and Fantasy to come along.
The girls are greeted by Gorgeous  aunt to.
Whom they present a watermelon.
The girls leave the watermelon in a well to keep it refrigerated.
Mac later goes to retrieve the watermelon and does not return.
She finds Mac s head.
When Fantasy goes to retrieve the watermelon.
Flies and bites Fantasy s buttocks before she escapes.
The other girls also begin to encounter other supernatural traps.
The aunt disappears.
The girls are attacked or possessed.
These attacks cause the girls to try to escape the house.
The rest find themselves locked in.
Soon as Gorgeous walks out the door.
The girls try to find the aunt to unlock the door but only find Mac s severed hand.
Melody begins to play the piano to keep the girl s spirits up.
The girls hear Gorgeous singing upstairs.
Melody s fingers are bitten off.
Prof and Kung Fu go to investigate.
It ultimately eats her whole.
Upstairs find Gorgeous wearing a bridal gown.
Who then reveals her aunt s diary.
Kung Fu follows Gorgeous.
She leaves the room  only to find Sweet s body trapped.
Panic-driven  the remaining girls barricade the upper part.
Prof  Fantasy and Kung Fu read the aunt s diary.
They are interrupted.
Gorgeous reveals.
Her aunt died many years ago waiting and that her spirit remains  eating unmarried girls who arrive at her home.
The three girls are then attacked.
Prof shouts to attack the aunt s cat  Blanche.
She is eaten.
Kung Fu lunges.
Kung Fu s legs manage to escape and attack the painting on the wall.
The attacked Blanche portrait spurts blood  causing the room.
Prof tries to read the diary to solve the problem  but is pulled by a monster jar.
Fantasy sees Gorgeous and paddles towards her.
Gorgeous morphs.
She cradles Fantasy.
Ryoko arrives at the house and finds Gorgeous in the bridal gown.
Gorgeous tells Ryoko.
Her friends will wake up soon and that they will be hungry.
<EOS>
The main subjects are Brad Morgan  Frank Hanna  and Jimmy Lai.
Morgan  a dairy farmer discusses his journey from a struggling dairy farmer to the owner and operator of a million-dollar dairy and compost company.
Hanna  a merchant banker.
Who originally hails.
Financial engineering not only makes credit more widely available but also played a crucial role in the discovery of America.
Lai talks at twelve years old to Hong Kong.
There  he founded Giordano  a retail outlet  and later Next Media.
Lai explains.
Entrepreneurs  when taking risks  are dashing.
The documentary also contains information.
Robert Sirico  founder and President.
<EOS>
Barton Fink is enjoying the success.
His agent informs him.
Capitol Pictures has offered a thousand dollars per week to write movie scripts.
Barton hesitates  worried the common man  his focus.
Moving would separate him from.
He accepts the offer  however  and checks.
His room is sparse and draped  its only decoration is a small painting of a woman on the beach  arm raised to block the sun.
Barton explains.
He chose the Earle because he wants lodging that is less Hollywood.
Lipnick promises  and assigns his new employee.
His only concern is Barton s writing ability.
Back  however  Barton is unable to write.
He is distracted.
He phones the front desk to complain.
His neighbor  Charlie Meadows is the source and visits Barton to apologize  insisting on sharing some alcohol from a hip flask to make amends.
Barton proclaims his affection.
They talk.
Charlie describes his life.
Later  Barton falls asleep  but is awoken.
Still unable to proceed  Barton consults producer Ben Geisler for advice.
Irritated  the frenetic Geisler takes him.
Him to speak.
Barton meets the novelist William Preston Bill Mayhew.
Who is vomiting.
They briefly discuss movie writing  and arrange a second meeting later.
Mayhew is drunk and yelling wildly.
When Barton arrives.
His secretary  Audrey Taylor  reschedules the meeting and confesses to Barton.
She and Mayhew are.
Mayhew  Audrey  and Barton discuss writing and drinking.
When they finally meet.
Before long Mayhew argues  slaps her  and wanders off  drunk.
Rejecting Barton s offer  she explains.
She feels sorry  since he is married to another woman who is disturbed.
The Coen brothers wrote the role  in part because of the warm and friendly image.
He projects.
Then informs him.
He is to remain.
He writes.
- although he will remain - Capitol Pictures will not produce anything.
He can be ridiculed while Lipnick is in the war.
Dazed  Barton wanders  still carrying the package.
He meets a woman.
Who looks just.
She asks.
He tells her.
He knows neither what it contains nor.
She assumes the pose.
<EOS>
Lemmy Caution is assigned to neutralise the international crimininal network as an undercover agent.
He pretends to be an escapee.
Order to infiltrate the gang.
He gets to know a beauty named Constance.
Who is associated.
Lemmy can convince him Miranda Van Zelden.
He would help to kidnap the rich American heiress.
He informs Interpol.
Lemmy has obtained enough proof to have Siegella convicted.
His cover is blown.
He has sent documents.
He has to fight.
<EOS>
The resulting surge drives large  bloodthirsty worms to the surface-and then out of their soil-tilling minds.
When a powerful storm knocks Fly Creek  Georgia s power lines down.
Soon  the townspeople discover.
Their sleepy fishing village is overrun.
Inundated  the terrorized locals race to find the cause of the rampage-before becoming tilled under themselves.
<EOS>
It sets off an unexploded bomb left over in the Pimlico district of London.
When some local children roll a tractor tyre down a hole.
The explosion reveals a buried cellar containing artwork  coins  jewellery and an ancient parchment document.
Professor Hatton-Jones authenticates it.
Ceded the house and its estates  when he sought refuge there several centuries ago after being presumed dead at the Battle of Nancy.
Pimlico is legally part.
The charter had never been revoked.
Local policeman P.
C.
Spiller is shocked to realise  Blimey.
The British government has no legal jurisdiction and requires the Burgundians to form a committee before negotiating with them.
Ancient Burgundian law requires.
The Duke himself appoint a council.
All seems lost.
A young man steps forward and proves that he is the heir to the dukedom.
He duly forms a governing body  one is the shrewd shopkeeper Arthur Pemberton.
Very quickly  Burgundy realises.
It is not subject.
The district is quickly flooded.
A noisy free-for-all ensues.
Spiller  the Chief Constable  finds himself unable to handle.
Then the British authorities close the border.
Having left England  the bargain hunters have trouble returning home -  Do nt blame me Madam.
One policeman replies.
You choose to go abroad to do your shopping.
The Burgundians decide.
Two can play this game and stop an underground train dead.
The train is now  explains an agent of the newly formed customs and excise department.
They proceed to ask the passengers.
They have anything to declare.
The infuriated British government retaliates.
Burgundy is cut off.
The residents are invited to emigrate.
But the Burgundians are a fighting people and   the adults stand fast.
The children are evacuated.
We ve always been English.
Mrs Pemberton puts it.
We ll always be English.
It s precisely.
We are English that we re sticking up to be Burgundians.
The water problem is solved late one night  refilling the reservoir with hoses attached to the nearest fire hydrant on the British side of the border.
Unfortunately  the food supply is spoiled.
When the cellar where it is being stored becomes flooded.
It appears.
The Burgundians are beaten.
Three Burgundian youngsters learn about this crisis and toss food across the border  setting an example for sympathetic Londoners  they begin throwing food parcels across the barrier in an improvised airlift  echoing the one.
Ended the Berlin blockade.
Soon  others get.
A helicopter drops a hose to deliver milk.
Even swine are parachuted.
Meanwhile  the government comes to resolve the problem.
It becomes clear   so they negotiate.
Defeating the Burgundians would be no easy task.
The sticking point turns out to be the disposition.
The local banker hits upon a novel solution  A Burgundian loan to Britain.
The Burgundians realise.
As Big Ben strikes the hour.
They truly are back when a torrential downpour sends everyone scurrying for cover.
<EOS>
A shy and sexually frustrated young woman named.
Helen has trouble when her private parts begin to devour her lovers.
Driven by her condition  Helen decides to become a prostitute and murder.
Her clients to satisfy her bloodlust.
It was filmed.
<EOS>
Julia  an only child  escapes from her family to get over her grief.
Her boyfriend has been imprisoned.
Julia is a well educated woman  having studied.
Who wants to become a writer.
Julia drives called Corralbos del Sella.
There she stays Pilara.
She had spent many a happy summer.
Also living there is Pilara s mother Tia Gala  and her grandson Juanito.
Julia s relationship makes Julia  a woman of the spanish capital  perhaps for the first time to not feel so alone.
<EOS>
Walt Kowalski  a gruff retired Polish American factory worker and war veteran  has recently been widowed.
His Highland Park neighborhood  formerly populated by working-class white families  is now dominated by poor Asian immigrants.
Gang violence is commonplace.
Adding.
He feels.
He rejects a suggestion  and lives alone with his dog.
Walt suffers  but conceals this from his family.
A young Catholic priest tries to comfort him.
Walt disdains the young  inexperienced man.
The Hmong Vang Lor family reside next door.
Initially  he wants nothing to do.
After he catches Thao Vang Lor  a member  attempting to steal his Ford Gran Torino as a coerced initiation into a Hmong gang run by Thao s cousin  Spider.
The gang is infuriated and attacks Thao.
Walt confronts them and chases them off  earning the respect of the Hmong community.
Thao s mother makes.
Him work.
Walt helps Thao get a job and gives him advice.
The gang continues to pressure Thao and again assaults him from work.
Walt sees Thao s injuries and visits the gang members  house.
Where he attacks a gang member.
The gang performs a drive-by shooting on the Vang Lor home  injuring Thao  and kidnapping and raping his sister.
The next day  Thao seeks Walt s help.
Who tells him to return later.
Walt makes personal preparations  he buys a suit  gets a haircut and makes a confession to Father Janovich.
Walt takes him and gives him his Silver Star  Walt then locks Thao in his basement and tells him.
When Thao returns.
He has been haunted and insists that Thao must never be haunted with the experience of killing another man.
Walt then goes.
Where they draw their weapons.
He talks loudly  berating them and drawing the attention.
Putting a cigarette  he asks for a light  he then puts his hand in his jacket and provocatively pulls it out.
If it is a gun  inciting the gang members to shoot and kill him.
His hand opens to reveal an army lighter  he was unarmed.
He falls.
Sue frees Thao.
They drive.
A Hmong police officer tells them the gang.
Will be arrested and imprisoned for a long time.
Walt s funeral Mass is celebrated and attended by his family and many of the Hmong community.
Afterward  his last will and testament is read.
Walt leaves them nothing  his house goes to the church and his cherished Gran Torino to Thao.
Thao is seen driving the car.
The film ends.
<EOS>
The film opens on the Colorado ranch of Dr Hunter S.
Thompson  a journalist furiously trying to finish a story  Esq.
Thompson then flashes back.
Lazlo is fighting to stop a group of San Francisco youngsters from receiving harsh prison sentences for possession of marijuana.
He convinces Thompson to write an article for Blast Magazine.
Thompson s editor  Marty Lewis  reminds Thompson.
He has 19 hours.
The judge hands out stiff sentences.
The last client is a young man.
Who was caught and receives a five-year sentence.
Lazlo reacts and is then jailed for contempt of court.
The magazine story is a sensation.
Thompson does not hear until four years later.
When Thompson is.
Super Bowl VI was actually played.
Lazlo appears and convinces him to abandon the Super Bowl story and join his band of freedom fighters.
Involves smuggling weapons.
Thompson goes along to a remote airstrip.
Where a small airplane is to be loaded  but when a police helicopter finds them  Lazlo and his henchmen escape on the plane.
Thompson refuses to follow.
Thompson s fame and fortune continues.
He is a hit and covers the 1972 presidential election campaign.
Thompson takes the crew plane and gives straight-laced journalist Harris from the Post a strong hallucinogenic drug and steals his clothes and press credentials.
In the airport bathroom  Thompson is able to use his disguise to engage The Candidate in a conversation about the Screwheads and the Doomed.
The Candidate tells.
Thompson fuck the doomed.
Thompson  still posing  returns to the journalist plane.
Lazlo then appears  striding.
He boards the plane and tries to convince his old friend to join his socialist paradise somewhere.
Thompson and Lazlo are thrown off the plane and Lazlo s papers.
Describe the community are blown.
Lazlo  presumably  is not heard.
The action then returns.
As the writer puts the finishing touches  explaining that he did nt go along with Lazlo because it never got weird enough for me.
<EOS>
Bulgaria being part joined the race for freedom and democracy during the.
Thousands flooded the streets speaking their minds.
The new systems of government transformed released criminals  prisoners and other sportsmen  mainly wrestlers into groups of street gangs  racketeers and security companies.
20 years later one man stood out to tell his and their story  A former wrestler himself - Georgi Stoev.
These gangs thugs the newly appointed democrats privatized the country.
<EOS>
John Barratt  a lonely  discontented teacher  vacations in France.
There   he meets his double  French nobleman Jacques De Gue.
They become acquainted.
Barratt becomes drunk and accepts De Gue s invitation to share his hotel room.
Barratt finds himself alone  with his clothes and passport missing.
When he wakes up the next morning.
De Gue s chauffeur Gaston shows up to take his master home.
Barratt is unable to convince him.
He is not the nobleman.
Gaston calls Dr Aloin.
Who diagnoses the Englishman.
A bewildered Barratt allows himself to be taken.
Where he meets his family  daughter Marie-Noel  wife Francoise  sister Blanche and formidable mother  the Countess.
None believe his story - it appears.
De Gue is a malicious liar - so Barratt resigns himself.
He feels needed  something missing.
Time goes on.
The next day  brother-in-law Aristide discusses business.
Later   Barratt is nearly run down by De Gue s mistress  Bela  on her horse.
He spends the usual Wednesday afternoon tryst getting acquainted.
The next time they meet   she informs him.
He can confess the truth.
She has already guessed it.
Barratt delves.
He decides to renew a contract   to avoid throwing the longtime employees out of work.
The Countess is upset and mentions a marriage contract.
He learns.
When Barratt investigates.
Francoise s considerable wealth  tied up  would come under his control if she were to die.
Francoise finds him reading the contract and becomes very upset  accusing him.
Barratt consoles her.
The contract can be changed.
He begins to suspect the reason.
One day  Barratt receives a message.
He goes to see her and spends a pleasant afternoon.
She denies having sent.
He learns.
When he returns.
Francoise has died.
Blanche accuses Barratt  stating.
She overheard him just before her death.
However  Gaston provides an unshakable alibi  having driven Barratt with Bela.
Barratt is not surprised.
When De Gue resurfaces shortly afterwards.
They meet  the Frenchman demands his identity back.
Barratt refuses.
Both men have come armed.
Shots are exchanged.
Barratt emerges victorious and returns.
<EOS>
The film opens  checking under his car for bombs  putting on his uniform in the locker room and ignoring the camaraderie of his colleagues.
There are short clips at various points throughout the day.
It is shown.
His knuckles are bloodied and cut.
Davey Gillen  a new IRA prisoner arrives and is shown being categorised.
He is sent.
He arrives.
Where his cellmate  Gerry  has smeared the walls from floor to ceiling.
The two men get to know each other.
We see them living by family members.
Where we see Sands speak.
Their visitors passing messages.
Gerry s girlfriend sneaks a radio.
The prison regime is depicted.
Violently removing the prisoners and beating them before pinning them down and using scissors to brutally cut their long hair and beards  grown as part of their no wash protest.
The prisoners resist  Sands spitting.
Who responds.
He cuts Sands  hair and beard  the men throw him and scrub him clean before hauling him away again.
Lohan is then seen smoking a cigarette.
Later  the prisoners are taken out and given second hand civilian clothing.
The guards are seen snickering.
They are handed.
A large number of riot officers are seen coming into the prison on a truck.
They line up and beat their batons and scream to scare the prisoners.
Who are hauled where they are beaten with the batons by at least 10 men at one time.
Lohan and several then probe first their anuses.
Then their mouths  using the same pair.
One prisoner head-butts a guard and is beaten brutally.
One is seen crying.
His colleagues   brutally beat the prisoners with their batons.
Lohan visits his catatonic mother.
He is shot by an IRA assassin and dies slumped onto his mother s lap.
Sands is then shown meeting his priest Father Dom and discussing the morality.
This meeting is lengthy and addresses.
Sands chose to do what he did and how strongly he believed.
Sands tells the priest about a trip to Donegal  it is on the brink of death.
Where he and his friends find a foal.
None will act.
Sands then tells Father Dom  he knew.
He drowned the foal and  although he got.
He had done the right thing.
He then says.
He know what he is doing and what it will do.
He says.
He will not stand and do nothing.
The rest shows Sands well into his hunger strike  with bleeding sores all over his body  kidney failure  low blood pressure  stomach ulcers  and the inability to stand on his own by the end.
The film spares no detail.
A larger orderly comes in to give his usual orderly a break.
Sands lies.
The orderly carries him.
Sands  parents stay.
When Sands dies.
The film explains.
Sands had been elected as MP for Fermanagh and South Tyrone while he was on strike.
Nine other men died during the seven-month strike.
It was called off.
Shortly afterwards  the British government concede despite never officially granting political status.
<EOS>
The preschool-age DVD tells the story.
Who pretends to be a real train.
The main character  Busy Little Engine  appears alternately.
It has been called a young child s picture book.
-LCB- -LCB- ? -RCB-.
This presents a problem.
Is soon solved.
Busy Little Engine and Pig explore the everyday world using role-playing and imagination.
Viewers learn.
<EOS>
Living the Dream is a story about two friends  Brenda and Jonathan.
Who. 
<EOS>
Abel Plenkov  a man.
Who suffers his pregnant wife and counselor Dr Blake.
His multiple personalities are transferred.
When he dies later that night.
Who were born prematurely that same night.
16 years later  Adam ` Bug  Hellerman and six other children celebrate their 16th birthday.
5 of the 7 children are brutally killed by the Riverton Ripper including  Jay  Penelope  Brandon  Brittany  and Jerome.
Bug s adoptive mother is also killed  as well as the police officer  Detective Paterson.
Who had been investigating the murders 16 years earlier.
Bug s older sister Leah.
` Fang  Hellerman is wounded but survives.
Bug finds out.
He is the son.
Bug s best friend realizes.
The Ripper kills people.
Alex crawls.
The Ripper s soul transferred.
Alex also reveals he murdered his abusive stepfather.
Bug manages to stab Alex and free the Ripper s soul into Hell.
Thinking he will be arrested.
He walks out and is instead celebrated as a hero after Leah tells the police exactly what happened.
Bug decides to fake it  and act.
He does nt feel.
Like Alex had taught him to act.
<EOS>
Betty and her puppy Pudgy are  but find it hard to enjoy the day.
When a dogcatcher is intent.
<EOS>
His two followers Cheung and Chapman To were sent to look for his son  Georgie Hung  to succeed him.
When gang master Hung died.
Georgie   is uninterested to continue his father s work.
Who is gay and lives.
But his close friend Sam  adored the life and took his position instead.
Sam and Georgie thus returned with their identities swapped.
They discovered.
Hung had accidentally killed Cheng Chow s father and now Cheng Chow  a leading gangster  led by Chan Wai-Man  is looking to avenge for his father s death.
Meanwhile  Chan Wai-Man wanted to let his daughter Julie to marry Sam to strengthen the bond between the two gangs.
Sam initially agrees but later changed his mind.
When he discovered that Julie is not.
Finally  Cheng Chow kidnapped both Julie and Sam and forced Georgie to lead his gang.
Georgie   defeated Cheng Chow in the final battle and told him to accept the fact.
His father s death was an accident.
Then Cheng Chow saved Georgie.
When one tried to take his life.
Julie and Sam fell during the kidnapping and decided to get married.
Sam and Georgie took joint leadership.
<EOS>
Set in Europe  a king is seeking a brave warrior to kill a giant.
Has been terrorizing the small kingdom.
There is much discussion.
No one is willing to take.
The king summons Mickey  and asks.
He really killed seven.
Mickey goes.
He killed the seven  which impresses the king enough to appoint Mickey Royal High Killer.
All of Mickey s confidence disappears.
He attempts to stammer his way out.
The king offers Mickey both vast riches and the hand in marriage.
He can kill the giant.
Smitten  Mickey proclaims  and sets off for the giant s lair.
He ll cut -LSB- the giant -RSB- down.
However  he is ready to turn back and give up.
The townspeople and Minnie are counting.
Gosh  Mickey sighs  wondering.
What to do.
I du n no.
To catch a giant.
Just then  the giant appears  forcing Mickey for a place to hide.
The giant sits down to eat a cart  then a drink of water and a smoke as Mickey briefly ended up in the giant s mouth.
Mickey is caught  and gives his hiding place away by accidentally sneezing.
The angry giant attempts to squash the tailor.
Who quickly produces sewing thread and a needle and binds the giant s limbs.
Mickey swings about the giant  sewing him up and causing him to fall and knock himself out.
The giant subdued  Mickey returns home and is hailed.
An amusement park is built.
The short ends.
<EOS>
A Polish-Jewish shopkeeper named.
Jakob is summoned after being falsely accused of being out after curfew.
Jakob overhears a German radio broadcast speaking.
Waiting. 
Returned  Jakob shares his information with a friend  sparking rumors.
There is a secret radio.
Jakob decides to use the chance to spread hope throughout the ghetto by continuing to tell the optimistic  fantastic tales.
His lies keep hope and humor alive.
He also has a real secret.
That he is hiding a young Jewish girl who escaped.
The Gestapo learn  however  and begin a search for the resistance hero.
Who dares operate it.
Jakob surrenders himself.
They demand the person give himself up or risk hostages being killed.
Jakob tells the police commander.
He had only listened.
He is ordered to announce publicly  so the ghetto s liquidation would then proceed.
This was all a lie.
Jakob refuses to tell the truth  but is shot.
When presented.
He can make his own speech.
Jakob says .
All the ghetto s residents were then deported and were never seen again.
There is an alternate fairy tale-style ending.
Where the Soviet forces arrive.
The plot is slightly different.
<EOS>
Harry Rabbit Angstrom comes home one day.
He decides to leave.
Taking his coat and car keys  he s off and running.
<EOS>
Vigil in the Night nurse Anne Lee takes the blame for a fatal error made by her sister Lucy  also a nurse  and is forced to leave the hospital.
Where they both work.
She moves.
Where she procures a job and falls in love with Dr Robert Prescott.
Overcoming obstacles and personal tragedy  Anne and Prescott work together to bring about better conditions for the care of the sick as well as fighting an epidemic.
Threatens to overwhelm all those.
<EOS>
His wife discovers.
Her husband dies.
He has had a secret long-term mistress.
They soon begin to bond.
<EOS>
Bobbie Langham and Bailey Lewis are life partners.
Who own and run a pub together.
Bobbie discovers.
She has breast cancer  and is determined to deal.
Meanwhile  the parents Alan Langham have been killed.
Bailey talks a reluctant Bobbie.
Bobbie and Bailey are opposites -- Bobbie the cool  quiet  reserved  practical one  Bailey warm  outgoing and eccentric.
She finally agrees to accept Bailey s help.
Bobbie undergoes treatment.
Bailey takes over the management of the pub and takes care of Bobbie  growing more responsible.
Bobbie learns to express her love for Alan and accepts him into the extended family  much to Bailey s delight.
A wedding-commitment ceremony  attended by family and friends  solidifies the women s commitment to each other.
<EOS>
The Stewarts were once a happy family.
Trouble starts.
When wife Delores announces she wants to divorce her husband Gus.
Gus   is not able to deal.
Who loves his wife very much.
Problems only get bigger.
When he also loses his job.
Landing  he considers committing suicide.
This is noticed Alex.
Who desperately tries to make him happy again.
<EOS>
Suryaprakash is a business man.
Who wants to become richer.
He loses out on family and social life.
So he tells a scientist to make a clone.
The clone can take his place.
Tamanna is college girl named Savitri.
Who does a research project and begins to love him.
Suryaprakash is not interested but  he marries her to make use of her cooking talent.
Order to widen his business.
Suryaprakash  finally understand the value of family.
His mother dies.
The film was declared a massive flop.
The film wouldnot bring a public opinion itself.
It was finally a collective failure.
<EOS>
The United States has suffered economic collapse  causing severe social decay and growth in organized crime.
A mutation has occurred in 10 % of the population giving them telekinetic powers.
Time travel is invented  but is immediately outlawed.
Tracking technology has rendered it nearly impossible to dispose secretly  so crime bosses send their targets back to the past  assassins paid with silver bars strapped to the victim.
Where they are killed.
The looper will kill his future self and get paid.
When crime bosses want to end a looper s contract.
Failing to close the loop is punishable.
Joe Simmons is a looper for a mafia company in Kansas.
His boss Abe was sent to manage the loopers and also owns a club.
Joe frequents  and where he spends time.
Abe controls his own group including the overconfident Kid Blue.
Who is desperate to prove himself.
One night  Joe s friend Seth visits him and tells him.
He was supposed to close his own loop  but hesitated.
He mentions the Rainmaker  a man and is closing all loops.
Seth s future self escaped.
Who has taken.
Joe attempts to protect Seth  but betrays him to Abe.
He has secretly been stashing.
The mafia capture Seth and start mutilating him  knowing.
The injuries will be translated.
They scar an address.
He has to go.
Old Seth begins losing body parts.
He is killed  closing the loop.
Arriving. 
Later   Joe hesitates.
When he recognizes the target is his future self  allowing him to escape.
Old Joe tells Joe.
The Rainmaker sent him back to be killed  and that Old Joe s wife was killed.
Old Joe killed his captors and traveled back to kill the Rainmaker.
Joe attempts to kill Old Joe and fulfill his contract.
Both flee.
When they are attacked.
Joe tears a scrap off a map Old Joe had  bearing a marked location and a string.
Old Joe uses the numbers to search a database  getting three possible children born.
He intends to kill all three.
Joe follows the map.
Who lives.
Sara recognizes the digits.
When Joe shows Sara the map.
He was born.
Joe tells Sara and the danger  and offers to stay and protect them  killing Old Joe.
They re.
When he comes around.
He learns.
Joe and Sara become close.
She is a telekinetic  and that Cid was raised until she was killed.
Cid does not believe.
Sara is his real mother.
One morning  they are attacked.
Who is killed when Cid falls down the stairs and lets out a telekinetic blast.
Joe believes.
Cid is the Rainmaker.
Sara confirms.
Cid inadvertently killed her sister when he lost control.
Meanwhile  Old Joe is captured.
Joe tells Sara and Cid to flee  surmising.
His employers or Old Joe will target the farm.
Meanwhile  Old Joe breaks free  killing Abe and all the Gat Men.
Whom Old Joe presumed to be dead.
Kid Blue attacks and is killed.
The two Joes confront each other.
Old Joe escapes  then finds and attempts to kill Cid  prompting Cid to let out another telekinetic blast.
However   Sara calms him down and assures him.
Cid can kill Old Joe.
His mother is.
Old Joe tries to kill Cid again.
Sara stands.
Joe realizes.
If Old Joe kills Sara  it will traumatize Cid  thus creating a closed time loop.
Joe kills himself  erasing Old Joe from existence and saving Sara and Cid.
<EOS>
Bruno  a composer  becomes involved.
Who live.
Bruno is scoring a young child  taunted by cruel bullies  descends into a dark cellar after a bouncing tennis ball.
The kids hear.
A scream and the ball bounces up  leaving bloody tracks on the wall.
Sandra  Bruno s director  explains.
Her inspiration was the childhood.
<EOS>
Gwang-sik has never been particularly good.
He fell hard.
A university student.
Circumstances and his lack prevented him from ever getting close to her  despite the fact.
She seemed to be interested.
Years later Gwang-sik   runs again.
Who now has a small photography studio.
But has anything really changed.
Gwang-tae experiences none.
Plague his brother.
Picking up women is almost an unconscious habit.
Getting them is a piece of cake.
Disposing afterwards is no less simple  excepting the times.
When they track him down and throw rocks.
One day  however  he meets a woman named.
Who is just a little too smart  too attractive  and too mature for him to handle.
Suddenly  he feels just as confused.
<EOS>
Father Christmas centres.
What Santa does to children around the world.
The film starts.
He then breaks the fourth wall  explaining.
His unwinding is well deserved  contrary.
He cites the care among others as activities.
Take up his time.
He explains.
He decided to take a holiday.
It is shown.
After bringing home brochures  and audibly considering Italy  Greece  Ireland  Holland  Canada  Germany  Tunisia  Switzerland  he finally settled.
However   he decides.
When he imagines all.
He converts his sled.
Takes a considerable amount  leading to the neglect of his cat and dog.
He also has secondary language tapes playing.
He is working.
He flies off to France.
He realizes.
He looks too much and buys some new clothes  although this does not help much.
He then goes some of everything  eating far too much.
He realizes.
His reindeer are attracting some attention  even leading.
He decides.
It s time to move on.
He decides on Scotland because of the purity of its water.
Unfazed  he goes to a bar.
The following morning  he finds the weather considerably better.
He takes a swim.
The water is very cold  as well as shark infested.
Time to move on again.
He picks Las Vegas  two things.
It is well-known to be warm and dry.
Were untrue.
He stays.
He stays there a month  enjoying the casino  pool  room service  entertainment  golf courses  and cuisine extensively.
He packs up and goes home  but not.
A kid suspects that he is Father Christmas.
He comes back.
He finds a pile.
He picks up his dog and cat.
Bars his entrance.
He starts sifting  commenting on all of the different names.
Children call him.
Shortly thereafter  a postman delivers more bags.
There is more looking amongst daily activities.
Then a truck comes and dumps an entire load.
He picks up his suit and goes to sleep.
He s finished.
His alarm goes off.
He gets ready to go out.
He then makes his rounds delivering presents.
There is a thunderstorm  fog  and.
He has to deal.
He stumbles in.
He also delivers presents.
He goes.
He s finished.
He greets a young boy and his snowman.
When he s there.
Who go to see his reindeer that are being kept.
They find two presents  having fallen  they are for the British Royal Family.
Have not been delivered.
Father Christmas quickly flies off again  and makes it  arriving at 600 AM.
He then flies back home  coming out.
He opens up presents from his relatives.
Then he climbs  wishing everyone a merry Christmas.
The camera then zooms out.
Where children can be heard opening presents morning.
<EOS>
After serving 5 years of a 30 year prison sentence  Carlito Brigante is freed on a legal technicality exploited by his close friend and lawyer  Dave Kleinfeld.
Carlito vows to be through but is persuaded to accompany his young cousin Guajiro to a drug deal held at a bar.
Guajiro is betrayed and killed.
Carlito is forced to shoot his way out.
Afterwards  Carlito takes Guajiro s $ 30000 and uses it to buy into a nightclub owned by a gambling addict named Saso with the intent on saving $ 75000 to retire to the Caribbean.
Carlito declines several offers for a business partnership with an ambitious.
Obnoxious  young gangster named Benny Blanco.
Carlito also rekindles his romance.
Who moonlights.
Kleinfeld develops a love interest  Steffie  a waitress at Carlito s nightclub.
Benny s frustration boils over.
He confronts Carlito one night.
Carlito publicly humiliates Benny.
Who reacts.
Fueled  Kleinfeld brazenly pulls out a gun and threatens to kill Benny.
Carlito intervenes.
Carlito lets Benny go unharmed  a decision.
Alienates Carlito s gangster friend and personal bodyguard Pachanga.
Kleinfeld   is coerced.
Who stole one million dollars from his Italian mob-boss client  Anthony Tony T Taglialucci.
Kleinfeld begs.
Carlito reluctantly agrees.
Carlito  Kleinfeld  and Tony T s son  Frankie  sail to a floating buoy outside of the prison barge.
Where Tony T is waiting.
Kleinfeld unexpectedly bludgeons him then slits Frankie s throat and dumps both of their bodies in the East River.
They pull Tony T aboard.
Carlito immediately severs his ties and decides to leave town with Gail.
The next day  Kleinfeld barely survives a retaliatory assassination attempt.
When he s stabbed by two mobsters.
Carlito is apprehended and taken to District Attorney Norwalk s office.
Where he is played a tape making a deal and offering to testify to false criminal allegations against Carlito.
Norwalk advises.
He is aware to leverage him into betraying Kleinfeld to save himself.
Carlito refuses.
Carlito visits Kleinfeld in the hospital   Carlito warns Kleinfeld.
Where Kleinfeld confesses.
He s crossed the line.
Other gangsters will treat him accordingly.
Carlito then buys train tickets  now pregnant.
Carlito is met.
When he stops.
The Italians plan.
He manages to slip out.
The Italians pursue him.
Where they engage.
Carlito kills all except Vinnie.
Who is shot and killed.
He is ambushed.
Carlito runs to catch the train where Gail and Pachanga are waiting.
Who shoots Carlito several times.
Pachanga admits.
He is now working  only to be shot as well.
Carlito hands a tearful Gail the money and tells her to escape and start a new life elsewhere.
Carlito stares with a Caribbean beach and a picture of a woman.
He is wheeled away.
The billboard then comes.
The woman   starts dancing.
Who is clearly Gail.
Carlito slowly passes away.
<EOS>
Praised  The Elephant in the Living Room takes viewers on a journey deep inside the controversial American subculture of raising the most dangerous animals in the world  as common household pets.
Set  director Michael Webber chronicles the extraordinary story of two men at the heart of the issue - Tim Harrison  an Ohio police officer  and Terry Brumfield  a big-hearted man.
Whose friend was killed.
Who struggles to raise two African lions that he loves.
The lives of these two men collide.
When Terry s male lion escapes its pen and is found attacking cars.
<EOS>
The film opens.
Which Buster Keaton emerges.
He finds people gambling.
He tries to scare them with a man holding gun.
He puts the cutout and says  Raise your hands in air.
But soon they find out.
When a drunk man falls.
Buster has to run.
Next  he mistakenly enters a house thinking.
Its his own house.
He sees a man and a woman kissing.
He takes her  gets red hot angry and shoots them both  later to realize his mistake.
He goes this time to find his irritating wife.
Some object hits his yelling wife.
She faints.
A passing police officer knocks after hearing her scream.
Buster saves himself.
As soon  he lets the fainted wife fall down and looks out.
The officer leaves.
He discovers a pretty but married neighbor  quickly wears good clothes and takes flowers.
Where she imagines he looks.
The husband comes back.
Buster has to run.
The rest is filled with funny situations of him chasing after that pretty neighbor.
He wakes up in the front row of a film theater to realize.
It was all a dream.
<EOS>
Spoiled playboy Bob Merrick s reckless behavior causes him to lose control.
Rescuers send.
Dr Phillips suffers a heart attack and dies.
The resuscitator is being used elsewhere.
Merrick ends up a patient.
Where most resent the fact that Merrick inadvertently caused Dr Phillips s death.
Helen Phillips  Dr Phillips s young widow  receives a flood all offering to pay back loans.
Dr Phillips refused to accept.
Many claimed.
He refused.
Edward Randolph  a famous artist and Dr Phillips s close friend  explains.
What that phrase means.
This helps her to understand.
Her husband left little money  even though he had a very successful practice.
Merrick discovers.
Everyone dislikes him.
He runs but collapses in front of Helen s car and ends up back at the hospital.
Where she learns his true identity.
Merrick leaves a party  drunk.
Merrick ends up at the home of Edward Randolph.
Who recognizes him.
Randolph explains the secret belief.
Powered his own art and Dr Phillips s success.
Merrick decides to try out this new philosophy.
His first attempt causes Helen to step.
She is blinded.
Merrick soberly commits.
He also has fallen with Helen and secretly helps her adjust to her blindness under the guise of being simply a poor medical student  Robby.
Merrick secretly arranges to travel to Europe and consult the best eye surgeons in the world.
These surgeons tell.
Helen there is no hope.
Right  Robby shows up at her hotel to provide emotional support  but eventually confesses to being Merrick.
Helen has already guessed this.
Merrick asks Helen to marry him.
Later that night  Helen realizes and disappears.
She will be a burden  and so runs away.
Many years pass.
Merrick is now a dedicated and successful brain surgeon  and searches.
Who secretly continues his philanthropic acts.
One evening  Randolph arrives.
Helen is very sick  possibly dying.
They leave immediately.
Merrick arrives to find.
Helen needs a complex brain surgery to save her life.
Merrick performs this operation.
Helen awakens and discovers.
She can now see.
<EOS>
She accidentally runs.
Jane Holman is driving.
Who breaks his leg.
Feeling sorry  Jane invites Jack and his dog Betty Jane to stay at her home.
His leg has healed.
Jack soon finds.
Himself loved.
They all want him to stay.
The two develop a strong bond.
When he starts teaching baseball.
Meanwhile  Gunny believes.
There is more than meets the eye.
He is determined to find out what.
<EOS>
Sherman ` Tank  Turner is a hack comedian.
He gets with Tank and pays him to take the girl on a bad date.
A guy loses a girl and wants her back.
Tank inevitably behaves in the most moronic fashion causing the girl to realize after all.
Her ex was not really such a bad guy.
He shares an apartment.
Who has fallen.
Dustin takes Alexis and confesses his love.
She insists.
They remain friends.
Dustin explains his situation to Tank.
Who volunteers his services.
Dustin initially turns him down.
The next day sees Alexis flirting to take Alexis out.
Tank bumps.
They arrange to go out.
He behaves badly all night.
Alexis is too drunk to care.
She expects him to come.
When he drops her off.
He resists the temptation to Dustin.
Alexis calls Dustin.
When they meet she explains that her date has motivated her to see other men.
Dustin sends Alexis roses and an apology poem.
Alexis calls Tank and berates him for leaving early the previous night.
Tank goes to see Alexis and they end up having casual sex.
Dustin begins a series to stay friends with her.
Tank s feelings start to grow.
He has doubts.
He is deserving.
He realizes.
Attending the wedding.
She is one.
The groom  Josh  asks Tank to keep quiet.
She has fallen.
Dustin arrives and reveals Tank s schemes to Alexis.
Tank points out his clients   and is punched and thrown out.
Alexis  distraught  never wants to see either of them again.
She felt used.
Later   he realizes.
Talking. 
They encourage him to reconcile.
He finds her and jogs for a few miles  in the attempt to make amends.
Alexis is unmoved.
Three months later  Tank is.
When Alexis and her roommate Ami see him.
Alexis walks up and throws wine in his face  ruining his date.
She then lets.
It slip that both she and Rachel are pregnant.
Tank   engages.
Who is shocked but also happy.
They kiss and reconcile.
<EOS>
The protagonists are two freewheeling hippies  Wyatt  nicknamed Captain America  and Billy.
Fonda and Hopper said.
These characters  names refer.
Was a spiritual failure.
The next morning  the two are continuing their trip.
When two rednecks spot them and decide to scare the hell out of them with their shotgun.
Wyatt turns around.
The truck then takes off past Wyatt.
Races back to put his jacket.
Who is already covered.
But  the same pickup truck has turned around and closes on Wyatt.
Not wanting any witnesses to report them  the hillbilly fires at Wyatt.
He speeds  hitting the bike s gas tank and causing it to instantly erupt into a fiery explosion.
Wyatt lands  dead.
The film ends.
The murderous rednecks drive away.
The camera ascends.
<EOS>
-LCB- -LCB- Story -RCB- -RCB- The Maestro lives alone  overlooking the town of Normal Valley.
Occasionally  he entertains the local children.
One tells his mother.
Who alerts the Mayor.
He organizes the townspeople to go to the Maestro s mansion and force him out of town.
Some show reluctance to do so  but are pressured into joining the Mayor on his crusade.
They go to the Maestro s mansion holding flaming torches.
It is guarded.
When they arrive.
They peer in  have second thoughts about entering.
The children assure the parents  and ask.
The Maestro has done nothing wrong.
They leave him alone.
But the mayor remarks  He s a weirdo.
There s no place.
The front gate opens  frightening the townspeople.
Who make their way.
The inside appears to them even creepier than the outside.
The parents.
Their children there s no such thing.
They make their way.
The front door slams shut and locks itself.
They are all inside.
Two more large doors swing open revealing a large  darkened dance hall.
Hesitantly  the townspeople make their way.
Where they are greeted himself  who makes a scary yet comical entrance.
The Mayor angrily confronts him  calling him strange  weird  and a freak  and telling him.
He s not welcome.
Maestro defends himself.
The Mayor threatens Are you going to leave  or am I going to have to hurt you.
You are trying to scare me.
I guess  I guess.
I have no choice.
I have to scare you.
He then makes a series.
The mayor calls ridiculous and not funny.
Maestro asks  Is this scary.
Then he continues to stretch his face more and stretches his mouth  and ultimately pulls off his face to reveal his skull and laughing maniacally.
The frightened townspeople run.
Maestro shuts  after he smashes his skull with his fists  revealing his normal head.
One man starts to cry.
The doors have been shut.
Maestro then reminds the mayor  and introduces his family.
He s not alone.
Who   perform extended dance routines to 2 Bad.
Alternately impresses and scares the townspeople.
Maestro s acts include ripping his clothes off to reveal a skeletal body  possessing the mayor and making him dance.
Transforming the mayor.
Who s scary now.
Who s scary.
The mayor says Yes  yes.
The townspeople respond no.
He falls.
His face and body violently start to crumble into dust on the floor.
Is then blown away.
The townspeople are saddened  and somewhat sorry to see him go.
The mayor however thinks  I showed that freak.
He has come out victorious and heads.
He finds a monstrous-looking Maestro-demon head.
When he opens them.
Says HELLO and terrifies him.
He runs away scared.
The townspeople then turn back to see the Maestro standing there  laughing.
He asks.
They all had a good time.
The townspeople realize.
They did.
They figure.
He is nt so bad and make peace with him.
The story ends  Is this scary.
Backstage footage of Jackson s make-up sessions and green screen shots reveal  indeed  the Cast list credits him as Maestro  Mayor  Mayor Ghoul  Superghoul and Skeleton.
He was able to play five different roles.
The Film also uses a young Michael Jackson.
He was.
<EOS>
Professor Challenger leads team to a remote plateau deep within the Amazonian jungle to investigate reports.
Dinosaurs still live there.
The boisterous  arrogant Professor Challenger  a reputed biologist and anthropologist  dares the London Zoological Society to mount an expedition to verify his spectacular claim.
His previous expedition found live dinosaurs.
They are joined by Jennifer s brother David and local ` guide  Manuel Gomez.
They soon discover.
The dinosaurs and other creatures are real and dangerous  but lose their helicopter and thus are desperate from the isolated plateau.
They learn.
Roxton knew.
Another thing is.
They learn.
Roxton accidentally killed Gomez  brother before this one  leaving Gomez hungry for revenge.
They manage to escape from the plateau  carrying a Tyrannosaurus rex egg with them.
The egg hatches.
When it is dropped.
Professor Challenger resolves to take the infant dinosaur back with them.
<EOS>
Ibrahim Kadir is falsely arrested after being accused of being a communist or communist sympathizer.
He meets other inmates.
Imprisoned. 
Who have also been falsely imprisoned.
Together  they sing the traditional poetic form didong  and attempt to band together.
However  every day more prisoners are taken outside and executed.
Kadir thinks.
Alone. 
He has witnessed.
He continues to hear the voices as the number of prisoners dwindles done to a few  he is eventually released after spending 22 days in prison.
<EOS>
The story revolves.
His family is heavily indebted.
Chettan Thampuran s untimely death forces Aniyan to take responsibility.
He loses his house and all properties to pay his brother s debts and is led.
He realises.
His wife had an affair and married him only because of the poverty in her family.
This realisation devastates him further and culminates.
<EOS>
The film opens  There are important fragments of life.
Have been avoided because Thought is concerned and not the Body.
A thought can create and destroy nations.
It is all the more powerful.
It is born  lives in silence  and dies when it has done its work.
Our aim has been to photograph a thought -- A thought -- and end nowhere.
Guides humans who crawl close -- whose lives are simple.
Who begin nowhere.
The humans are then introduced one.
Who crawl close.
The Boy is a homeless  unemployed youth.
Who fancies The Girl.
He is a failure  the intertitles explain.
He believes.
There are two types of people in the world -- the poor  helpless children of the mud and the rich  successful children of the sun.
He places himself somewhere.
The Boy and The Girl live to find food  eventually  they have to leave for the city  not only The Boy is unable to find a job  but also The Brute has been harassing The Girl.
The Boy is afraid.
They leave  taking The Child  an orphan.
Who lost his parents and was also a victim of The Brute.
The Girl catches the attention of The Gentleman.
He offers the three protagonists lodgings and promises to find a job.
His real plan is  however  to not help The Boy and wait but to offer herself in exchange for money.
The Girl has no other choice.
The Boy does fail.
The Girl is reluctant to become a prostitute   The Gentleman decides to take the whole company to the country to let romance do a little work.
He does that.
The Boy finally finds courage to stand up.
When he tries to seduce The Girl.
<EOS>
Johannes Harms reports.
A revolution has broken out.
Harms dies.
The American capitalist Mr McFuller demands to crush the Spartacists.
Zinker  now a member  murders Karl Liebknecht and Rosa Luxemburg.
Thalmann hears and promises.
Their sacrifice will not be.
Jansen falls with Harms  daughter  anne.
The workers organize a general strike   Thalmann ignores the bourgeoisie Social Democrats.
When Hamburg faces an attack  as part of the Kapp Putsch.
Laborers are shot.
Who reject violence  ambushes the Freikorps and captures their officers.
The Social Democrat Police Senator Hohn frees them.
They lightheartedly promise not to use violence.
Thalmann makes a speech  calling to unite with the KPD.
When the Soviet steamship Karl Liebknecht  loaded  reaches the port.
Hohn sends Quadde  now a police captain  to prevent the distribution  but after a stand-off the police retreat.
Thalmann visits Vladimir Lenin and Joseph Stalin with other German communists.
Thalmann and his friends organize a communist uprising  and manage to hold out against the Reichswehr and the police.
Fiete killes Zinker.
Then  a delegate announces.
Armed struggle is no longer the policy.
The weapons promised by the leadership will not arrive.
The communists are forced to flee.
Jansen is sentenced.
Eventually his life are spared.
Thalmann appears and promises not to abandon the struggle.
Fiete Jansen is released from jail and is reunited with his wife  anne.
Thalmann  now a member  assists the coal miners in the Ruhr to organize a massive strike.
Their wages are cut.
Veteran SPD member Robert Dirhagen is reluctant to support Paul von Hindenburg.
When the presidential elections take place.
This is the party line.
Thalmann calls.
The SPD leaders do not want to collaborate.
The KPD gains many seats.
The Nazis lose two million votes.
However  the Ruhr industrialists and Mr McFuller support Adolf Hitler.
Dirhagen is enraged to hear.
The SPD will not oppose Franz von Papen s decision to allow Hitler and tears his party card.
The Nazis seize power.
The Nazis burn the Reichstag and accuse the communists  arresting many.
Wilhelm Pieck and Jansen plan to rescue their leader.
The SS guards - commanded - foil the plot.
Fiete escapes abroad  joining the Thalmann Battalion  and later - after the Second World War begins - the Red Army s 143rd Guards Tank Division ` Ernst Thalmann.
Anne is arrested.
Hamburg is bombed.
She dies.
A German corps is encircled by the Red Army.
Hitler orders its commanders.
To fight.
The Soviets send to convince the soldiers to defy the SS and surrender.
Eventually  the Ernst Thalmann Division soldiers break  liberate the local concentration camp - - and accept the German surrender.
Which Dirwagen was held.
The SS were overpowered.
The communist Jansen and the Social Democrat Dirhagen shake hands.
Thalmann leaves his cell to be executed.
Contemplating from How the Steel Was Tempered   All my life  all my strength were given to the finest cause in all the world - the fight for the liberation of mankind.
<EOS>
Will s best friend and roommate  Belcher  returns.
Who discovers that Will has shacked up.
Belcher does everything to end the relationship.
<EOS>
Mirka is searching  he is befriended by Strix.
Who promises to help.
Kalsan is surprised  a foreign child in her midst.
It emerges.
He is her grandson.
Participated against ethnic rape children.
The tragic story is unveiled.
Who became pregnant after being the victim of an ethinic war rape.
Elena has long believed her child to be dead.
His appearance shakes the fabric.
Mirka s ethnicity leads by the villagers.
<EOS>
A group consists of Sam  Mollie and Larry.
Their latest target is a small bank.
Mollie has been working.
What she plans to do.
Johnny and the rest of the gang burst in forcing everyone on the floor.
Johnny orders Jane to open the bank vault.
Johnny discovers a large cache.
She opens it.
Is laundered.
They escape.
Victor orders is revealed to be Victor s mistress.
His men to go.
Who is imprisoned.
She wants to leave Victor but knows.
He would never let her go.
Johnny and his gang manage to survive an attack by Victor s men and join forces with Jane.
Who offers them Victor s money.
They kill him.
Victor is meeting with drug dealers at his nightclub  Johnny and his gang burst in leading to a shootout.
They successfully steal his money and Jane escapes.
Victor survives.
They are forced to go the run after them.
<EOS>
She files.
When Nikki catches her husband  rock star Brian Walker.
Walker and his lawyer bribe her security company  led  to spy on her and catch her having an affair in order to achieve a favorable divorce settlement.
Will becomes lustfully obsessed and begins sleeping with her despite the dangerous consequences.
Spying for the security company.
<EOS>
A legendary and friendly creature named.
Nessie lives happily.
Nessie is forced to search.
When a rich developer takes the pond and land surrounding it to build a miniature golf course.
She finds rejection everywhere and is always told to keep a stiff upper lip and not cry.
Finally  Nessie loses all hope and starts crying.
She finds.
When she ca nt cry anymore.
Her tears have created the Loch  a beautiful and perfect new home and MacQuack.
We see.
The golf course has also been flooded.
The developer breaks down.
<EOS>
The legendary empire reappears to threaten the world with domination.
An isolated World War II Captain has created the greatest warship ever seen  and possibly the surface world s only defense.
Countries unite to resist.
Photographers Susumu and Yoshito witness a car drive.
Shoot one night.
They spot Makoto Jinguji  daughter.
Speaking the next day.
Who is also being followed.
Her father s former superior  retired Rear Admiral Kusumi  is confronted.
Who claims contrarily that Captain Jinguji is alive.
The threads meet.
When a mysterious taxi driver almost abducts Makoto and the Admiral  claiming to be an agent.
Foiled  he flees into the ocean.
A packaged inscribed MU arrives for the Admiral.
Contained is a film depicting the thriving undersea continent and demanding.
The surface world capitulate  and prevent Jinguji.
The UN realizes.
Atragon may be the world s only defense and requests that Admiral Kosumi appeal.
Concurrently  Makoto s stalker is arrested and discovered to be a naval officer.
He agrees to lead the party but refuses to disclose its location.
The party find themselves on a tropical island inhabited only by Jinguji s forces and enclosing a vast underground dock.
Eventually Captain Jinguji greets the visitors.
He is cold and infuriated by Kusumi s appeal.
He built Atragon  he explains   and insists.
A means to restore the Japanese Empire.
It be used.
Makoto runs off  later to be consoled by Susumu.
Atragons test run is a success  the heavily-armored submarine even elevating out and flying about the island.
They exchange harsh words  again Susumu reproaches the Captain.
When the Captain approaches Makoto that evening.
Jinguji consents and prepares Atragon for war against Mu.
Makoto and Shindo are kidnapped.
The Mu Empire executes a devastating attack and threatens to sacrifice its prisoners to the monstrous deity Manda.
Atragon appears.
Appear the super-submarine does  pursuing a Mu submarine.
Meanwhile  Susumu and the other prisoners escape their cell and kidnap the Empress.
They are impeded  but soon rescued by Atragon.
Then engages the serpent and freezes it using the Absolute Zero Cannon.
Jinguji offers to hear peace terms.
The proud Empress refuses.
The Captain then advances Atragon and freezes its geothermal machinery.
This results.
Her empire dying  the Mu Empress abandons the Atragon and  Jinguji and company looking on  swims.
<EOS>
It s the final week considers divorcing her new husband Holden Adams.
Whom she married because her rival Hilary Weiss is also trying to be his girlfriend.
She faces the problems created and decides to run for Prom Queen herself.
The married couple are caught having sex.
The principal faces forced resignation and hatches a plan  to get her job back from Ms.
Apple.
She is later crowned Prom Queen  she dumps her husband and decides.
She is leaving town and so is now finally free.
Hilary is shown getting rejected.
The film ends.
<EOS>
The cartoon opens.
Sam has encroached on Bugs  domain.
Bugs happens to have his rabbit hole.
He responds  I m a pirate  Sea-Goin  Sam  the blood-thirstiest  shoot - em - first-iest  doggone worst-iest buccaneer.
When Bugs asks him who he is.
Ever sailed the Spanish main.
Bugs disguises himself as Captain Bligh on the Bounty and puts the gullible seaman through a whirlwind of shipboard chores.
Skirts the laws.
He s going to jump.
Instead  Bugs drops a convenient anvil  Sam catches it.
The entire ship submerges.
Sam mouths some apparent curses  then tosses the anvil.
Sam gets.
Blasted  is subjected to the famous lots-of-doors in-and-out routine  and finally is tricked by Bugs into playing a dare game with matches that ends up exploding the pirate ship s powder magazine  reducing the ship to splinters.
Finally  defeated  Sam raises the white flag.
<EOS>
This Easthampton documentary captures the story Touchstone Farm s founders  George Shaker McNeil and Anja Daniel  and their rise to advantage.
Building inspections closed down the operations at the center in the spring of.
Later  McNeil and Daniel managed to raise funds and garner international support.
<EOS>
The infamous Nazi doctor Josef Mengele   comes back as an 87-year-old man.
Who performed unethical medical experiments and is considered to be personally responsible to be murdered in the gas chambers at the Auschwitz concentration camp.
Who is.
Back  he must face trial for his crimes.
Peter Rohm  a young solicitor and expert  has to defend him.
But Rohm feels unable to do so  he endangers not only the relationship but also their very lives.
When he decides to take.
Rohm learns.
The entire world looks.
The history has a closer connection with the Nazis  genocide than he ever had suspected.
<EOS>
The movie is.
Is apparent.
They might have never run  with their stark contrast in nature and life styles and would have hardly given each other a second look.
They had nt met.
But the movie throws them together  intertwined and progressively built in the rapport between the extremes  and infuses the spirit of worthy and meaningful life to all in the screen and those.
Who watches them.
Mammootty plays the lead role Mike Philippose  a barefooted uneducated simpleton.
Who lands s he find in the flats of the city.
His arrival is to ailing Anand Menon  an astrophysicist.
Who returned after working in US for the last forty six years.
A dejected man  Menon is turned by Mike.
Who wants to run away.
Who lives about his deceased father and about the silent hamlet of Thopramkudy.
<EOS>
The story centres.
May or may not exist.
Moorish king Aly Mansuh is convinced.
It does.
Having collected all the legendary material  he plans to mount an expedition to search for it.
He can.
He is seized and brought in for questioning.
When the shipwrecked Norseman  Rolfe  repeats the story  and hints that he knows its location.
Rolfe insists.
He does not know and that the bell is only a myth.
He manages to escape.
The questioning continues.
Managing to return home  Rolfe reveals.
He did indeed hear the bell pealing.
However  Rolfe s father has been made destitute.
Who then refuses to reimburse him citing an outstanding debt.
Rationalising  Rolfe and his brother steal not only the ship  but kidnap a number to serve as its crew.
The ship does not yet belong.
He also takes the king s daughter.
Order to prevent Harold.
Harold declares.
He will summon every longship he can find and rescue her.
The ship is damaged in a maelstrom.
The Norse are cast ashore.
Captured  the Norse are condemned to execution.
Mansuh s favourite wife Aminah convinces her husband to use them and their longship to retrieve the bell.
Arriving find only a domed chapel with a small bronze bell.
Where the Viking was certain he had heard The Mother.
Frustrated  Rolfe throws.
The hanging bell reveals that the chapel dome is the disguised Mother of Voices.
The expedition finally returns to the Moorish city  Aly Mansuh triumphantly riding through the streets with the bell in tow.
Aminah suddenly cries aloud.
The group reaches Mansuh s palace.
The Long Ships came and is immediately shot down by a spear.
A group come leaping out from behind the silent townspeople.
These Norsemen are King Harold s men  out to rescue the princess.
The climactic battle ensues.
It ends.
When the bell falls over and crushes Aly Mansuh.
The Moors are defeated.
The Vikings victorious.
The film ends.
Rolfe tells King Harold.
<EOS>
Troubled has nt become in her life  a distraught  Natasha sets out on a path of self-destruction and misery.
Who she has or better yet.
Drama movies.
<EOS>
Four dancers  nearing their eighties  take up the challenge to return to the stage in Leipzig s opera house.
Ursula Cain  Christa Franze  Siegfried Prolb and Horst Dittmann have been leading members.
A performance combined with the stories of their lives  from Mary Wigman  Gret Palucca to Heike Hennig.
Nothing is old  except their age.
Dancing was produced as film for TV and movie-theaters  as DVD and as book by Marion Appelt  with a preface of Renate Schmidt.
<EOS>
See This Island Earth The film opens with mad scientist Dr Clayton Forrester  working from an underground laboratory  explaining the premise of the film.
Mike Nelson and the robots Crow T.
Robot  and Tom Servo  along  are aboard the Satellite of Love high in Earth s orbit   as per the television show  Mike  Crow  and Tom make fun of the movie.
When Dr Forrester forces them to watch the film This Island Earth to break their wills.
It airs.
The movie riffing scenes are bookended and interspersed.
Crow attempts to dig through the ship s hull to return to Earth.
Crow and Tom dare Mike to drive the Satellite himself  but ends up crashing  Mike then tries to repair the Hubble using the Satellite s manipulator arms  MANOS  but instead further damages the unit.
The filmstrip breaks and Dr Forrester reloads it.
Gypsy takes over.
Some time reveals.
He has an interocitor.
The gang tries to use Tom s device to return  but instead contact a Metalunan but does accidentally repeatedly zap Tom s head with a laser beam.
Who is unable to help them to figure out how to use it correctly.
The contact is broken.
Who also has an interocitor.
He zaps the group to encourage them back.
Mike  Crow  and Tom are far from broken  celebrating in various Metaluna ways.
Dr Forrester  furious  attempts to use his own interocitor to harm Mike and the others  but only succeeds in transporting himself into the shower of the Metalunan previously seen.
Mike and the robots briefly celebrate Dr Forrester s disappearance.
They realize they no longer have a way back without him.
Mike says Hey  wait a minute.
<EOS>
Single mother Helena is seduced by a successful handsome man and travels with him to spend a weekend in Vienna  Austria.
He then sells her.
She is brought to work as a sex slave.
Sixteen-Year-Old Nadia has recently finished school.
She enters a modelling competition.
She is selected to travel to the New York with the other selected candidates  here she is forced into a life of sexual slavery.
Twelve-Year-Old American tourist Annie Gray is abducted in front of her parents in a busy street by sex traffickers.
She is forced.
Primarily services sex tourists.
The girls become.
Victims lead by the powerful Sergei Karpovich.
After the third death of young Eastern European prostitutes  obstinate Russian-American NYPD agent Kate Morozov convinces the Immigration and Customs Enforcement Chief Bill Meehan to hire her  promising him.
She would fight and that he would not regret it.
<EOS>
Flora Sissy Goforth is a terminally ill woman living.
Into her life comes a mysterious man  Angelo Del Morte.
The mysterious man may or may not be The Angel.
The interaction forms the backbone of the plot  with both of the major characters voicing lines of dialogue.
Carry allegorical and Symbolist significance.
Secondary characters chime  such as the Witch of Capri.
The movie mingles respect and contempt.
Who   continue to deny their own death even as it draws closer and closer.
It examines.
These characters can enlist and redirect their fading erotic drive.
<EOS>
The film is a story.
Centers. 
The two are deep but encounter opposition from Bharadhi s father  Sivakumar  the head of the village.
Sivakumar believes.
His daughter s suitor is not a suitable one  due.
It comes to light.
The son to do Manorama.
Sivakumar s disapproval stems with his brother  who is seemingly apathetic and lackadaisical.
The film ends happily.
His now son-in-law is a really upstanding citizen in the village.
The two young lovers overcome all problems and live their lives happily married.
<EOS>
I was ten.
It was the best time.
Disappointment was starting to knock on the door.
A few had a common secret  We were the sons and daughters of Communists.
Sh  they were fighting.
When they were.
They were full.
Did they wait too long to mature.
<EOS>
The artists  led by Unni reunites to celebrate the sixtieth birthday of founder Fr.
Tharakkandam.
There they get an invitation to perform a Mimics programme.
Kasargod Khader Bhai s son Kasim Bhai is currently.
He has vengeance.
Who were.
He attacks them.
The next day Kasim Bhai is found murdered.
The suspicion falls.
The unfolding forms the rest of the story.
<EOS>
James Cruze s white-haired Dr Jekyll has secretly locked himself administering himself with a phial of formula.
He slumps with his head on his chest.
Slowly   a dark-haired  taloned beast now appears.
The drug takes effect.
Jekyll s evil alter ego emerges at will  causing Jekyll to murder his sweetheart s father.
The evil personality scuttles back only to discover.
The antidote is finished and that he will be forever.
A burly policeman breaks down Jekyll s door to find.
The kindly doctor is dead.
<EOS>
The movie begins narrating the events.
As we see.
A sailor throws a bottle into the sea  hoping.
It to be discovered later.
The story is set and involves the survivors of the sinking of a British merchant ship a German.
Who are taken.
Bowen Tyler and Lisa Clayton are passengers.
Is torpedoed.
Along  Bowen Tyler convinces the other men to take over the surfacing submarine  this being their only chance for survival.
A fight ensues.
They seize the German.
Tyler takes command hoping to sail.
Captain Von Schoenvorts has his crew steer.
But Dietz  gets loose and smashes the sub s radio.
The U-boat and its crew happen across an uncharted sub-continent called Caprona  a fantastical land of lush vegetation  co-existing with primitive man.
Where dinosaurs still roam.
There are also reserves.
If the Germans and British can work together  can be refined and enable their escape.
Bowen Tyler discovers the secret  individuals evolve not through natural selection  but by migrating northward across the island.
Deitz abandons Tyler and Lisa in Caprona and attempts to escape.
The U-Boat can not function.
Bowen Tyler and Miss Lisa are stranded  and forced to move northwards.
The movie ends.
Seen. 
<EOS>
Singer Suraj is stranded during a rainstorm.
He has been there before.
There he experiences the feeling.
He feels.
Himself transported  and is drawn to a woman named Ratna.
He is unable to forget the experience and  investigating further  discovers - his name was Prakash  he was with a courtesan named Ratna  much to the chargin and anger of his family and the emperor.
He was a Chief Singer in the emperor s court.
They were tragically separated.
He subsequently comes  and shortly meets a gypsy  Jhumri.
Who looks exactly.
Soon Jhumri is also able to remember her past life and her love to the chagrin of Rita Malhotra  and Appa  the son of the leader of the gypsies.
Who loves Suraj.
Who will stop to make Jhumri his wife.
Appa steals the portrait  and sets the gypsies.
That he can marry Jhumri  and perhaps separate the two lovers again.
<EOS>
Naive fourteen-year-old Edith and her Jewish parents are sent.
Where the latter are killed.
Sofia  an older  political prisoner  and a kindly camp doctor save her by giving her a new  non-Jewish identity  that of the newly dead Nichole Niepas.
She becomes more hardened.
Time goes.
She first sells her body  she becomes fond of another guard  Karl.
The fraternization helps her become a kapo  one.
She thrives.
The idealistic Sofia grows steadily weaker.
Edith is persuaded to play a crucial role  turning off the power.
When she falls with Sascha  a Russian prisoner of war.
Most are killed.
Some get away.
Edith is not one.
Karl  they screwed us.
She lies dying  she tells Karl  They screwed us over.
<EOS>
Prehysteria.
He steals them and brings them back.
Frank Taylor  a farmer  sells fossils.
The Taylor s dog takes a cooler.
Has the eggs.
The kids  Monica and Jerry discover the dinosaurs to keep it a secret.
When they hatch and try.
Their father finds out.
Vicki  a woman  sees the dinosaurs  she tells the Taylors not to give them back.
Who works.
He will expose them.
Rico finds out.
The Taylors have them and hires two robbers to help him get the dinosaurs back.
<EOS>
Lives start to unravel.
When the group are forced to face their issues head on.
Vicar Dan and his wife Emma are faced with the revelation.
One has been having an affair with the evening s hostess Kate.
She has to in turn face her mother.
Who drops.
Drug fueled sex  lustful longings and  are there some things.
To make.
A girl should nt share.
Nina explores the painful reality.
Who  when she was well  appeared not to care.
A funny  honest and often tender look.
Create the unique bond.
<EOS>
The watchman gets sick  so his son is enlisted to watch the kitchen.
They try to take over.
When the gangland-style mice find out that he s the one.
<EOS>
The film is set.
Whose absolute ruler  Abdullah  lives a life.
Abdullah falls and offers her great riches.
When Ronnie  a beautiful English model  arrives.
She resists his advances.
She is more interested  an officer in the King s army.
Abdullah is unaware.
This is going on.
Threatens to overthrow him.
<EOS>
In truth there are two French Detectives  based in Rouen.
Verjeat is an aging  been-around gumshoe.
Lefevre is his young  callow and cynical associate.
The two detectives do nt like each other much at first.
This will change.
Their current assignment is getting the goods.
A fight between the supporters of two of the candidates.
Political thugs murder an opponent s volunteer and also kill a cop.
The officer has time to warn his colleagues.
The killer is Portor  a well-known thug whose brother is campaigning.
Chief inspector Verjeat believes the politician.
Who hired the thugs is as guilty.
His pursuit is hampered by Lardatte.
Whom he has a personal dislike and misses no opportunity to humiliate.
Verjeat s pursuit gets him a warning from his superiors.
Verjeat is told.
When he embarrasses Lardatte.
He s being promoted and transferred.
This will take him.
He then finds himself with a very short time to capture Portor.
Verjeat is sure.
His upcoming transfer is courtesy.
He speeds up his hunt and  with Lefevre  he engineers a complicated scheme to buy more time before the transfer.
<EOS>
The young Brahmin girl has a disastrous horoscope.
This can be a real handicap.
The fact only compounds her difficulties.
She is mute.
Her horoscope predicts.
She will become a widow.
It is bad luck.
This turns out as predicted.
She will   have to commit suttee  sati.
That means.
She will have to be burned alive.
To avoid this fate  her family has hit.
<EOS>
The boys can not go fishing.
They have to take care.
Mary shows up and tells them.
Her little sister just won a prize.
The boys decide to enter their babies  only to discover.
All the prizes are gone.
Mickey comes up.
The gang decides to make their own baby show.
They assume.
When the parents discover their babies are missing.
The gypsies stole them.
They hide.
When the gang finds out that their parents are.
Drives off.
The babies start falling off the wagon and the parents stop.
The police and parents chase the wagon down the street.
Pick them up.
They continue running.
The adults finally catch up  the gypsy is arrested.
The kids reunited.
<EOS>
A building inspector finds a shocking discovery to a building.
Is about to be destroyed.
He contacts the landlord and   the story comes uncovered.
The pair wait.
<EOS>
The serial is set.
Where reporter Larry Kent and his enemies search.
Kent arrives.
Who had gone missing.
Kent discovers.
Valuable lost treasure is buried  and finds half of a map which holds a clue to its location.
Toni Morrell  the daughter.
Whose murdered partner knew where the treasure was buried.
Morrell and Kent are opposed.
Who uses his henchmen and supply in an attempt to stop them.
Kent s enemy is Dr X.
Who wears a skull mask and pirate clothing  and is.
Kent is nearly buried alive  killed and slashed in a sword battle.
He defeats Dr X.
Titled Justice.
<EOS>
Venki is an entrance coaching professor and robs automated teller machines using fake debit cards by night.
He has been operating out for the past three months.
The Imperial Bank is the target of all these robberies.
ACP Harris is.
But the managing director is not happy with the way.
The investigations are proceeding as the cops have been harassing the bank s customers.
The bank authorities have ruled out a problem.
The same system is used.
The other banks are not yet a target.
All the transactions done have been using a debit card.
Nandakumar Menon decides to conduct an investigation with the cops.
He summons Alexander Felix.
Felix is an unkempt young man.
Who opted out.
He oversleeps on the train and does not disembark at Kochi.
But appearances are deceptive.
Felix is a sharp investigator.
The bank also appoints a senior systems manager  Roopa.
Order to assist him.
Felix and Roopa move.
Is right.
Slowly  the trio begins a friendship.
The rest focuses on and.
What happens  how Felix succeeds in finding the ATM thief.
What is the story.
Abhirami adds.
Who has crush.
<EOS>
The East Side Kids are sentenced to a reform camp.
Meanwhile  Danny s brother  Bill Collins  is accused.
The East Side Kids escape the camp to prove Bill s innocence.
<EOS>
Thirunakkara Perumal is develops.
Both Hindus and Christians lived there peacefully.
The Temple is  during the time of festival people of both religion took their part in ceremonies.
That year festival would not be taken place.
Church people do not take part.
Lakshmikutty Thampuratty of kovilakam takes the sword and lamp of the temple.
She fell in love with Mathai of Kalappurakkal tharavad and later marries him.
Friendly relationship between the Hindus and Christians became stronger than before.
Kulathungal Chacko and his brothers envied and later leads to changes in the story.
<EOS>
A modern comedy medical residents at a shabby south Florida hospital.
Wood Harris is the Chief Resident   all the while hiding a chilling secret.
Who teaches the trainees how to save lives and not take themselves too seriously.
<EOS>
Siva and Sathya are collegemates.
She is a good friend.
She is always.
Sathya  helps Siva to come out it unscathed.
When he is.
Their friendship continues even.
The parents mistake their friendship as an affair.
The two refuse and make it clear.
They are platonic friends.
Sruthy soon becomes pregnant but dies.
Siva is left to raise his son.
Many years pass.
Siva s son begins to treat him badly  leaving Siva destitute.
Karthik informs Siva.
Sathya is due to heart problems.
Sathya dies.
The film ends.
Karthik and Siva  both widowers  walk together vowing to remain good friends.
<EOS>
Four friends seek.
Who were bullied.
Revenge break during.
<EOS>
Several employees meet mysterious deaths.
When an abandoned textile mill is reopened.
The link  all occurred between the hours of 11 p.
M. 
And 7 a.
M. 
-- the graveyard shift.
The sadistic mill foreman has chosen newly-hired drifter John Hall to help a group clean up the mill s rat-infested basement.
The workers find a subterranean maze.
Comes alive.
<EOS>
Kaalaiyan is a simple person and the best Jallikattu player.
His world revolves.
The antagonist is Varadharajan  a Zamindar.
Who lives an extravagant lifestyle.
His close aide is a Transgender Saroja.
Varadharajan s sister falls.
When he wins a Jallikattu.
Bhuvana  on the run   takes refuge in Kaalaiyan s house.
Varadharajan falls and tries to molest her.
However  Varadharajan decides to marry his sister with an eye on his land.
He calls off the marriage.
When Kaalaiyan comes to know that the bride wants to split the bond.
Kaalaiyan takes a liking and the inevitable happens - romance blossoms.
Is predictable.
What follows.
There comes a surprise in the climax.
<EOS>
Tessa  a young woman  returns after many years to the weather-beaten family home on the shores of Sydney s Botany Bay.
But the old family home begins to bring old wounds more and more.
The story unfolds.
As it progresses the flashbacks merge as it becomes apparent that the situation Tessa has returned to is very much the result of that which passed before.
This is a film.
To quote the director  ` the story - both living in the shadow of the past.
The deliberately ambiguous title could refer.
<EOS>
The Republic has just gained its independence from Mexico.
However  President Sam Houston fears the various rebels and interest groups.
May take advantage.
He sends Erastus Deaf Smith to put down one.
Smith brings.
To help him.
Ears must do his best to hide Smith s handicap  and to prevent their exposure.
When the rebel groups learns that a deaf-mute spy is.
<EOS>
A former police officer  Derian McCall  handed his badge  opened a detective agency.
One day there appears Anthea  the wife.
Anthea want Derian flirtation to see.
Soon Derien is having an affair  not realizing.
What is really happening.
<EOS>
Jeff Sanders leads a.
He became an outcast and frequently lashed out.
When Jeff lost his mother.
His father  Captain Sanders  gained the idea  to enroll Jeff in a Kenpo school to better manage his rage and feelings.
But one day  he got with a bully.
Who beat  and severely injured him with his martial arts.
Displeased  Jeff s father forced him to move out of home.
Jeff  now estranged and living alone  continued with his courses in Kenpo and eventually gained Kim as a mentor and father figure.
Years later Jeff decides to return and visit his mentor Kim.
It becomes clear  due.
Quickly that Kim is having trouble.
Jeff helps out Kim.
Who attacked his store  but only ends up doing more harm.
This ultimately ends up having Kim murdered.
Jeff vows to avenge Kim s death  and uses all his resources and fighting skills to go and find out.
Who ordered Kim s murder.
He remembers a boy named Jimmy.
Who lived  and tries to find him to ask if he knows about the murder.
However  Jeff s estranged younger brother Adam  now also a cop  is investigating the case  and warns Jeff.
Jeff is approached by a mafia boss named Yung.
Who claims to be Kim s friend and knew to Kim s killer.
Jeff is directed.
Who was believed to be the one who ordered Kim s death.
However   Jimmy appears to reveals and was the one.
Breaking and attempting to kill him.
Sam was Kim s friend.
Who took Jimmy.
Jimmy also explains.
Yung is the one responsible.
He was merely attempting to use Jeff.
Jeff now plans.
Jimmy warns him.
Yung is always protected.
Jeff asks Jimmy to testify the night to Adam.
Order to eliminate Tanaka.
That Adam can arrest Tanaka  allowing him to personally kill Yung.
Adam and the police eventually capture Tanaka.
Yung was not.
Tanaka later manages to escape by severely injuring Adam and breaking out of the police car.
Jimmy overhears.
Yung plans to escape the country  and notifies Jeff.
Now further fuelled  Jeff sets out to attack Yung s drug factory  using his martial art skills and various weapons to defeat guards and hitmen protecting Yung.
He eventually subdues Yung  but is attacked.
Jeff manages to kill Tanaka.
Tanaka gains the upper hand.
He was standing next to.
Jeff decides to capture him alive and turns Yung in to his father  Captain Sanders.
The film ends.
<EOS>
Jack and Melissa Vales become increasingly frightened is  the Apocalypse will occur.
Their young son  Nathan  expresses violent and bizarre behavior  what the couple soon learn.
Their son s upcoming birthday.
Nathan is the gateway.
<EOS>
Sherry  an American teen living  happens across the street collective SPARK -- Street People Armed with Radical Knowledge -- and immediately follows suit  joining their caravan of orphans  runaways  deadbeats  and punks on a journey unfit for fragile souls.
Soon  Sherry -- dubbed Bat -- finds herself trapped.
<EOS>
Set  the human race has long since abandoned a desolate earth.
Humanity has been using genetic engineering to adapt  to the point.
Order to survive.
Where changing one s skin color or gender has become commonplace.
Saxophonist Parker and guitarist Naia develop a close relationship.
Allows them to perform.
<EOS>
A boor and drunkard named.
Fedya takes a special seat and then refuses to let a young pregnant woman sit claiming that she is neither child nor handicapped.
Shurik   puts  pretends to be visually impaired.
Who is riding.
Shurik offers the seat.
When Fedya is urged to let him sit.
Fedya is enraged and gets into a fight with Shurik.
Fedya is arrested and sentenced for 15 days of Community service  Russian administrative arrest or simply 15 sutok.
Ironically  he is sent to serve his term.
Where Shurik works part time.
Moreover  the manager puts them.
Fedya does not do his work properly  bullies Shurik and plans.
The two get involved throughout the construction site using building equipment and various materials as weapons.
When Shurik finally hits back.
Fedya is subdued and reeducated by Shurik.
The policeman asks  `  alcoholics  parasites  hooligans.
Who wants to work.
Shurik is looking desperately and finally sees them in the hands of a girl on a streetcar  Lida.
Who is a student.
They seem so deeply absorbed.
Shurik follows her reading the notebook.
Lida is instinctively assumes Shurik is one.
He is automatically playing up to that assumption.
They come and spend time there reading simultaneously with having a snack and resting  with the girl taking her clothes off  still completely unaware of each other s identity  then automatically prepare to go back to the University.
There Shurik is distracted by a fellow student and loses her from his view.
He is introduced to Lida by his coed.
Shurik does not recognize Lida but is enchanted.
He walks her back home and   finds himself in her apartment again.
Where he starts to feel as if he has been there  scents and sounds seem familiar to him.
Lida assumes and has an ability.
He might be a telepathist.
She tells him to guess her wish  Find the teddy bear.
She has written.
Shurik then kisses her.
The kiss evokes romantic feelings.
He failed to guess the wish.
They decide to meet again.
Meanwhile another student tries to cheat his way by using a concealed radio  but has to dress up to an absurd degree to hide his crude equipment and attracts the examinaer s attention by using radio jargon.
He seems to get away.
However  the examiner promptly reveals a proper radio intercept suite  listens to the cheater call him a fool  and then activates a radio jammer before approaching the offender and blowing his cover.
They both laugh and the disguise  and the student gets 5 and a 2 for the exam.
A warehouse manager  trying to cover up his theft  hires three petty criminals nicknamed Fool  Coward and Experienced to stage a.
Their elaborate plan goes wrong.
When Shurik is asked.
Surprised  Coward fails to neutralize the guard using chloroform as planned  putting himself to sleep instead.
The culmination is the Warehouse Battle  involving Shurik and the criminals using various impromptu weapons such as musical instruments and rapiers.
The segment ends.
Agitated Baboushka arrives and finds Shurik and the trio lying on a floor asleep -- Coward having fainted earlier on  Fool and Experienced being rendered harmless by Shurik  and Shurik himself fallen asleep after accidentally wiping his face with a handkerchief soaked in chloroform.
<EOS>
There s a mysterious Chinese document.
S hidden.
Evil Japanese occupiers want to get their hands.
Meanwhile  a Chinese fighter is training  only to be challenged by several Japanese fighters as well as Bolo Yeung.
Of whom he easily defeats.
Bruce and Bolo meet again.
Where Bruce once again defeats Bolo.
Bruce s victory impresses the Japanese.
Who want to hire him to go.
However  Bruce is a Chinese nationalist and refuses.
This leads.
Shortly afterwards  Bruce discovers.
A woman he thought was working for the Japanese is actually an undercover Chinese agent.
They make a plan to retrieve the document.
Bruce Le arrives at the Tower of Death and ascends to the top level  defeating a different kung fu master at each floor.
He gets the document.
Bruce defeats the Japanese bosses once and for all.
<EOS>
A teacher  Violet Stoneham  lives a quiet and uneventful life at 36 Chowringhee Lane.
The film was shot.
Chowringee Road.
Her only joy in life is teaching Shakespeare despite the lack of interest from her students.
Violet is delighted  particularly.
When a former student  Nandita pays a visit.
When Samaresh decides that he would like to work.
She does nt realize.
Samaresh and Nandita merely want to use her apartment while she is away at work.
She grows very fond of them  and begins to look upon them as her friends.
Her old friends die or go away  she is nt appreciated.
They are the only friends - the only people.
She has.
Who can make her laugh.
Eventually Samaresh and Nandita get married  and move on.
Violet wants to meet them  and bake them a cake.
They have a party organized  however  and think.
She would be  a fish  if invited.
So they lie.
Violet comes over  any way  to drop off the cake  and finally sees.
She has been deceived.
She walks home  slowly.
<EOS>
Poitier plays a Korean War sergeant commanding a small  isolated and decimated platoon.
The film explores the racial integration  centering on the African-American sergeant s struggle to win the trust and respect of the men in his unit.
He passes the role to the next highest ranking man  Sergeant Towler.
When the platoon commander is mortally wounded.
Towler initially feels experienced former Sergeant now Private Kincaid.
The role should be taken.
Who has eleven years.
However  Ladd lost his former rank.
Ladd s prowess is demonstrated in the opening battle scene.
Where he picks up a M1919 Browning machine gun and fires it into charging North Korean hordes.
The Lieutenant reminds Towler.
He dies.
He is next.
One openly questions Towler s authority in favour of Kincaid.
Sgt Towler leads the ten survivors of the platoon to a house strategically located at a pass.
The men can hold until the rest arrive.
<EOS>
Tired  a player forever scheming to break into the segregated Major League Baseball of the 1930s by masquerading as first a Cuban  then a Native American.
They take  barnstorming through small Midwestern towns  playing the local teams to make ends meet.
One  ` Esquire  Joe Callaway  is so good.
They recruit him.
Bingo s team becomes so outlandishly entertaining and successful  it begins to cut.
Finally  Bingo s nemesis Potter is forced to propose a winner-take-all game   the players will return.
Bingo s team can beat a bunch  it can join the league  but if it loses.
Potter has two.
He escapes and keys his side s victory.
Ironically  there is a major league scout.
He offers Esquire Joe the chance to break the color barrier  with Bingo s permission  he accepts.
Leon glumly foresees the decline.
More players follow Esquire Joe s lead.
Bingo  ever the optimist  cheers him up.
He intends to stage to bring.
<EOS>
Mike Flux works.
One day he sees Sue.
Who is staying.
He develops a crush and surprises her at her door with a bottle of wine.
She does nt quite know  then asks him to leave.
What to make some wine to be polite.
He returns the next day  trying the same trick.
This time she allows him to touch her butt momentarily.
She decides to go back and have sex in the laundry room.
She heads back home the next day.
Mike realizes his feelings and flies to her home in Baltimore.
She s shocked to see him there.
Out allows him to stay with her until morning.
When he can go back home.
They get to know each other better as friends  and soon after Mike returns home  Sue stays at the motel again.
They decide to go out and have fun.
Mike s mother is very sick.
The two stop.
She approves  and tells Mike.
He needs to find happiness.
Mike s mother passes away.
Mike decides to make a change and go after Sue once again.
Mike learns  a former punk rocker turned successful businessman.
Sue has gotten back together.
Mike settles by taking a job at a Chinese restaurant.
The son befriends him and allows Mike to stay in the restaurant s basement.
Mike skydives.
Jango responds.
Feeling bad.
What he did.
Jango knows.
Mike has feelings and threatens him.
Regardless  Mike  with help from Al  sings a song for Sue outside her window later that night.
Sue meets up  informing him.
She and Jango are getting married.
Sue is pregnant.
She wants to be.
S. 
Mike tells Sue to leave.
Mike returns to the motel  now being run solely by his father.
Mike s father hands him the deed to the motel.
Mike decides to turn the motel  something Sue had mentioned always wanting to do.
Mike calls her to tell her.
Jango answers the phone.
He reveals.
Sue has left him and is living.
Mike makes his way.
She s happy to see him and tells him.
She had messed up their relationship.
Mike tells her he loves her and only wants to take care.
The story ends.
They embrace.
<EOS>
The film opens.
Where their boyfriends live.
They find out Blake Allen.
Is their duplicitous boyfriend.
Blake is revealed to be a narcissistic actor  dating both of them on the side while claiming to visit his ill mother on the other days.
The women wait and confront him together.
The remainder takes place inside the loft.
Where Blake tries to talk his way out.
Both girls reveal.
They have been unfaithful.
Carla and Blake have sex.
Lou s suggestion is rejected.
His mother dies.
Carla comforts him.
<EOS>
The plot mostly revolves.
Who finds an island lease and a photo.
Morgan somehow recalls.
His grandmother used to tell him tales with regards to a watch and the island when he was younger.
Intrigued.
To escape the paparazzi  he decides to head off.
<EOS>
The farm is struck by disaster   their white sow delivered black piglets  a sinister omen.
It mated.
The old Grandmother Kahlow interprets this not to join the nearby Agricultural Cooperative.
Her grandson Claus - who wants to marry Grossig s daughter  Irma - wishes them to do so.
Grossig supports her  and declares the piglets to be unchristian.
The village priest resents that.
But then  Father Melcior is also afflicted  his sow  Cleopatra  delivers black piglets.
He decides.
The Old Kahlow is correct  and plans to start his own  Christian Cooperative  only.
The villagers are very much upset.
Wild rumors  fanned  take hold among them.
The young animal breeder Inge discovers.
Lubanski  the pig herder  secretly trained his black hog Brutus through fences  so he could mate with the farmers  sows.
Lubanski   agrees to reveal the truth.
Who greatly enjoyed the pandemonium.
They all agree to join the Collective.
<EOS>
Major ONeal and his daughter Margaret Peggy ONeal run an inn.
Is frequented.
Peggy s outspoken and astute opinions have earned the admiration.
Virginia senator John Randolph   seems only to regard her.
Whom Peggy is secretly.
However  John slaps him.
When new inn resident Bow Timberlake refers to Peggy.
Bow soon falls with Peggy himself and proposes.
She refuses  then goes one night to confess her love for him.
He sends her away  thinking  but begins to have a change.
She is too young and does not really mean it.
He learns.
When he finally realizes that they are both  however.
Peggy has finally consented to marry him.
Peggy again talks about their future.
John again rejects her  thinking.
The younger Bow would be a more suitable husband.
Bow must leave shortly after their wedding.
He is an officer.
Peggy learns.
When the Constitution returns.
Bow has died.
Jackson is elected president amid a campaign of mud slinging aimed at his beloved Rachel.
Whom he inadvertently married before her divorce was final.
Rachel dies after asking Peggy to look after Jackson.
Peggy then becomes the president s official hostess and confidante  causing many her.
Jackson comes under political fire from Southerners such as Randolph.
Who feels he has turned by his stand on state rights.
Peggy is excited to see John after his five-year absence from Washington and asks him to dance with her before dinner.
When her childhood friend  Rowdy Dow  wants to fight Southern senator John C.
Calhoun  however  she interrupts and asks him to dance instead.
Seeing Rowdy and Peggy dancing  John returns home  but is followed.
Who once again professes her love.
This time  John admits his own love and the two plan to marry.
What has happened.
They part.
A short time later  Secretary.
Who has loved Peggy.
She is fond  and believes  like Jackson.
Marriage will bring her respectability.
A year later  Rowdy comes to visit and tells Peggy.
John Randolph has been shot and is.
She asks Rowdy to take her to see her John.
Who was shot.
John dies contentedly.
Peggy and Rowdy s coach is accosted by Sunderland.
Who demands safe passage for not revealing that he has seen them.
Rowdy throws him out.
Soon Jackson s cabinet members and their wives come to demand.
Peggy be sent away.
Jackson lies.
When Peggy arrives.
She was sent to see John Randolph and that Rowdy was asked by John Eaton to accompany her.
Jackson then demands the resignation  except for Eaton.
This somewhat mirrors the actual events  known.
Finally  Peggy   asks him to send John Eaton to Spain.
Who knows that even Jackson s kind lie will not lead.
Where she knows that they will find contentment.
<EOS>
Lasting just 61 seconds and consisting  the first shot is set in a wood during winter.
The actor representing then vice president Theodore Roosevelt enthusiastically hurries down a hillside.
He falls once  but rights himself and cocks his rifle.
Two other men  bearing signs reading His Photographer and His Press Agent respectively  follow him  the photographer sets up his camera.
Teddy aims his rifle.
What appears to be a common house cat  which he then proceeds to stab.
Teddy holds his prize aloft.
The press agent takes notes.
The second shot is taken  on a path.
Teddy rides the path  still dutifully holding their signs.
<EOS>
A middle-aged Rabbi has his faith shaken.
Includes an affair.
<EOS>
Kamini abandons Anil Mehra and their baby son Prakash.
A few years later  Anil falls with Radhika and marries her.
Radhika treats Prakash.
Who is now a six-year old.
Radhika meets Kamini.
They become friends  not knowing.
Soon  Kamini realizes.
Radhika is Anil s second wife and her own son s stepmother.
She longs to be and be a mother to him again.
She donates her own blood to save him and  leaves behind her selfish nature.
When he has an accident.
Anil does nt give her the second chance to be a mother to Prakash.
Heartbroken  she says goodbye.
He leaves.
<EOS>
Haim stars.
Is. 
The film includes ominous reminders  including news reports of riots in Washington D.
C.
A newspaper headline that proclaims.
GERMANY BUYS POLAND.
A reference cleaning up Northern Ireland.
A rollerblade-wearing white supremacist youth gang known for spiritual and economic control of.
What s left.
The fascist group is founded and led.
The Rollerboys carry out their eugenic agenda.
Griffin is convinced to join up with the Rollerboys as a mole  in exchange for the promise of a better life for his brother.
When Griffin s little brother begins to idolise the Rollerboys and eventually starts abusing mist.
Having joined up  Griffin s loyalties are eventually called into question.
He is tricked.
He also discovers refers Rope being added to the mist drug.
The Rollerboy s mantra the day is coming actually.
Renders its abusers sterile  thus facilitating the fascist gang s genocidal goal.
It s a race.
Griffin tries to find a way out before he is discovered by the Rollerboys and murdered.
<EOS>
Set  the film opens with two gangsters killing a store owner.
Mobster Big Ed sends his top henchman Bugsy Welch to place a white carnation - his trademark -  to suggest.
He is responsible.
The police rush to arrest Big Ed  only to find out.
He has an alibi.
He has been all day.
Where Big Ed encounters Ruth Manning a young country girl who came in hopes of becoming a singer  but is now occupied as a children s governess.
Big Ed immediately falls.
Who has class.
He is determined to court her.
He has been feeling empty.
He poses and offers her to take care of his child  with the promise of tripling her salary.
He quickly sends Bugsy to audition a son.
When she kindly accepts the job.
Bugsy comes up the Kid Jr.
The young but foul-mouthed son.
She grows close  but is offended.
When he gives her an expensive fur coat  thinking that he wants to ` buy  her affection.
She packs her bags to leave.
Big Ed convinces her to stay.
They find Harry a school.
The next day  the mansion is surrounded.
Ruth wants to warn the police  but is discouraged to do so and posing maid Mamie Sage.
Who then reveals who Big Ed really is.
Ruth is appalled at the idea  but decides to stay.
Harry is enrolled.
Meanwhile  Big Ed has come.
They agree to not interfere.
Some months later  Ruth accepts a job.
Big Ed attends her opening night and wants to reconcile.
Pretty Willie - - smears Ed s image.
Who is also interested.
Convinces Ruth that Big Ed is a ruthless killer.
She refuses to interfere.
She finds out that Harry has been missing.
She finds out through Bugsy.
Big Ed has not hurt anyone  and that all his alleged victims - including Mamie s husband - are kept as prisoners in his basement.
Meanwhile  these prisoners are able to escape and show up.
Pretty Willie is disappointed.
Big Ed is not the tough guy he thought he was  and orders.
They  however  are thankful and help him escape.
Faking his death.
Bugsy helps him funeral  Ed and surprises Ruth.
Shows up.
She admits.
She was crushed to think that he was dead.
They kiss.
Big Ed has Pretty Willie arrested  and then joins Ruth  Harry and Bugsy.
They will be married.
<EOS>
The movie takes place.
The Vietnam War is escalating.
United States President Richard Nixon has just decided.
Faced  President Nixon decrees a state of emergency based on the McCarran Internal Security Act of.
Authorizes federal authorities   to detain persons judged to be a risk to internal security.
Members are arrested and face an emergency tribunal made up of community members.
The convicted face the option of spending their full conviction time in federal prison or three days at Punishment Park.
There  they will have to traverse 53 miles in three days  without water or food.
Being chased as part of their field training.
They will be set free.
They succeed and reach the American flag.
They will serve the remainder in federal prison.
They fail.
<EOS>
Captain Harry Morris accepts a final deadly mission to go behind enemy lines to destroy a radio tower.
Is broadcasting anti-war propaganda.
<EOS>
Young Peggy Pepper wants to be  so her father drives them both across the country from their home in Georgia to Hollywood.
She meets Billy Boone in a studio commissary.
He tells her to show up.
She wants work.
Peggy goes  gets sprayed at her first entrance  and is at first shocked and dismayed to find.
She is doing slapstick comedy.
She decides to take it and  with Billy s loving support  becomes a success.
Soon enough  Peggy is signed by the prestigious High Art studio and  as Patricia Pepoire  becomes a real movie star.
She has fulfilled her dream.
She cuts off contact  and soon becomes so conceited.
Her boring performances begin to drive away her public.
Fortunately   Billy bursts in and  by means of another shpritz of seltzer in her face  as well as a custard pie in Andre s  brings her to her senses  rescuing her career and both of their happiness.
<EOS>
The film follows.
A family  newly reunited  faces the remnants of the bad marriage  and evil intentions  of their home s previous owners.
An old accountant  trying to set his books  takes his revenge on the man.
Who would nt let him.
A businessman  hungering  finds.
Time is the only truly scarce resource - and the only one genuinely valuable.
Lastly  a surprise ending.
Who has a deadly definition  and meets.
<EOS>
American movie star Johnny Tyrone goes to premiere his new picture.
He is seduced.
Who wants Johnny to help him kill the king.
Johnny encounters a slave girl  Shalimar.
Who turns out to actually be the king s daughter.
Johnny and his new royal bride honeymoon  along with a few of her dancing girls.
When he helps restore order.
<EOS>
Britain is trying hard to keep Malta.
Invasion seems imminent.
Italians and Germans are regularly bombing the airfields and towns regardless.
The RAF fight to survive.
Flight Lt.
Peter Ross  an archaeologist  is posted but is stranded in Malta due to the air attacks.
He is then asked to join the RAF squadron there.
He meets Maria  a lovely Maltese girl working.
The two fall in love and spend a few romantic hours on the island.
The situation becomes desperate.
Many civilians are buried daily.
Famine is threatening their survival.
Relief convoys become easy prey.
Peter proposes marriage.
They realise that wartime is not favourable to love affairs  as her mother suggests.
Nevertheless  the young couple remain hopeful.
Maria s brother is arrested while trying to infiltrate the island from Italy  obviously on a spying mission.
Which he is expected to be executed.
The plotline has some parallels to the real story of Carmelo Borg Pisani.
Maria s mother lives a double drama.
The island relies.
The scene.
SS Ohio arriving half sunk is the apex of glory for the defenders and the island of Malta.
The RAF holds on  and  along  is eventually able to take the offensive  targeting enemy shipping on its way to Rommel in Libya.
Many air raids take place either to defend the island or a number of attack aircraft  including Bristol Beaufighter fighter-bombers  Bristol Beaufort and Fairey Swordfish torpedo bombers.
Succeed. 
There comes the moment.
When the most important enemy convoy is.
Peter s commanding officer needs desperately to locate this target and orders.
Him to find it.
Peter  flying  finally finds it  but has to stay close to keep contact.
He is attacked.
Peter stays calm  but can not escape his fate  he is shot down and killed.
Maria listens helplessly to his radio transmissions.
Later the next day  Maria sits  thinking of her beloved Peter.
<EOS>
Chandu and Suri are pilots and thick friends.
Indu and Padma are very good friends.
Chandu gets married.
Indu and Padma become pregnant.
Indu meets.
She becomes infertile.
Padma gives birth.
Indu and Chandu adopt Ram.
Lakshman is infected by cancer.
He needs to undergo bone marrow transplantation.
Indu refuses and flees.
Chandu will force her to send Ram.
Later on  she realizes her mistake and boards a flight to return.
That Ram can be operated.
Pakistani militants hijack the flight.
They divert the flight s route.
Lakshman is.
Forms the climax.
Chandu rescues the flight s passengers and puts an end.
There is a bit.
<EOS>
Adrian is just an ordinary boy.
Who lacks skills and talents.
He likes his friend Lara  but is often bullied in the neighborhood.
Adrian possesses a pure and brave heart.
When he tries to fight illegal loggers who cut trees.
Unfortunately  he is beaten and left almost half dead.
But  the enchanted rubber tree named Lastikman.
He saves heals him and grants him powers that transform him.
<EOS>
Social workster Ann Freeman breaks her engagement  explaining.
He has given up his study to become a fisherman.
She could never bear being constantly concerned.
She convinces her friend Mary McKay to take in 14-year-old orphan Donny Mitchell.
Whose father and uncle died.
Longing  Donny has run away several times.
Ann hopes.
The tough but fair Mary will bring some discipline.
The following day  Donny befriends Hod.
Hod is at sea with his partner  Portuguese Joe Sanger.
When he notices that Donny has snuck to experience sea life.
Hod returns him home and suggests.
She let Donny work at the dock on Saturdays.
This worries Ann.
Who has recently witnessed her friend Molly Thatcher s loss to the sea.
She threatens to move the boy.
Hod allows Donny to work.
Reluctantly  Hod follows Ann s advice and tells Donny.
He can not work any longer.
Upset  Donny steals a camera and sells it to make enough money.
He can run away  and return to the sea.
He steals a boat and puts  but is caught in a storm and has to be rescued by Hod and Joe.
Realizing  Ann allows him to return to work.
She can not prohibit Donny.
Donny returns home after a surprise birthday party  are awaiting him.
When he notices the local sheriff and the druggist.
Ashamed  Donny admits the theft and begs Ann and Mary not to tell Hod.
He is being sent away  fearing Hod will not want to see him anymore.
Hod soon asks Ann.
Ann does not tell him.
Hod starts to investigate and finds out.
Donny is.
Not wanting Donny to be  Hod prompts the state to let him adopt Donny.
Donny initially refuses the adoption  ashamed.
What he had done.
However   he allows himself to be reunited.
When he finds out Hod is not mad.
He returns home accompanied.
<EOS>
Newly-married Rebecca leaves her husband s Alsatian bed to visit her lover  Daniel  in Heidelberg.
En route  she indulges.
She relives her changing relationship  before crashing into a truck at the film s conclusion.
It is based by Andre Pieyre de Mandiargues.
The rider was the British GP champion Bill Ivy  wearing a blonde wig.
<EOS>
A mostly-deserted island   is off the coast.
Is believed to be the home.
The island gets some visitors  the Wild Ones  and their gang of swimsuit-clad young people.
Who head there for a scavenger hunt.
However  they spend time crooning to each other  or dancing on the beach.
The island s wealthy owner  Wellington recruits his blonde bombshell daughter  Junior  to remove the teenagers.
Junior is eager to see her love interest  rotund toupee-wearing botanist Irving.
However  Irving is more interested than in the amorous Junior.
Wellington asks Irving to spy.
He does.
Meanwhile  Irving s twin brother Herman  Wellington s trusted employee  plots  the scheming harridan.
Camille Salamander to find the fountain first.
<EOS>
Carlos is a young Spanish student searching.
Who may be the last griot to possess the Thiossan tale.
Souli  based  is working as a fisherman and living with a young French woman Mona.
Abela s version is French trader Yann.
Who  helped  plots to destroy the lives of Souli and Mona.
<EOS>
Driven to his young daughter  filmmaker John Ryan agrees to produce a documentary on the sexual abuse of children in the American status quo.
However  his loving wife Claudia becomes increasingly despondent and troubled.
The filmmaker immerses himself further.
Ryan obtains participation.
Who provides powerful insight.
Who tells.
<EOS>
Commissioned to do an hour-long program on his work  Fellini filmed a sort of semihumourous introductionAlpert  202 to past and future plans  the recently abandoned project  The Voyage of G.
Mastorna  and his latest work-in-progress  Fellini Satyricon.
Kezich .
<EOS>
The film opens.
The brain begins to shut down.
A mountaineering group is shown climbing a cliff face.
An avalanche causes the rigging to break.
They fall.
Alice is a young American woman.
Who believes she is happy with her live-in boyfriend.
However   she seeks him out.
The two end up.
She returns home  unsuccessfully attempting to bring out the same feelings between them she had with her stranger.
The following day is Adam - a mountain climber.
She seeks the stranger out again  discovering his name.
Who is considered a hero.
She leaves her boyfriend and begins a relationship.
He soon asks Alice to marry him  a proposal.
She happily accepts.
Her newfound happiness is haunted.
She receives an unmarked letter warning her against Adam.
She ignores it and the two marry.
Soon.
She begins receiving more letters and begins to wonder.
She becomes even more alarmed.
When she searches a locked wardrobe and finds a box from an.
Alice searching as to had gone missing.
Who is sending the warnings and discovers a woman.
She suspects.
He had something to do and eventually runs from him.
She goes to police.
They can not do anything.
Alice then goes to seek with Adam s sister  Deborah  only to find out.
She was responsible.
We learn of Deborah s incestuous past with Adam  and her subsequent possessiveness.
Out comes Adam.
She tries to mete the same fate out.
Livid  he dismisses the past.
Struck and fallen  Deborah makes an attempt  stopped short by Alice s timely intervention  killing her with a.
Adam admits.
He and his sister were once together  and that he thought that if Alice just trusted him  then everything would be alright.
Next morning  Adam is apparently taken away  betraying no hints of the possibility of their eventual union.
Two years later Alice and Adam see one another - she s going down.
He s riding up.
They both watch each other.
They pass.
Adam stops and turns to stare back at Alice before walking away.
The film ends over recollecting the events in posterity and wondering.
What might have happened had fate not led her.
She wonders.
The passion could ever have lasted  and that a girl born in the flat lands could never have survived at 20000 feet anyway.
<EOS>
The cartoon s story is.
Who has just escaped and accidentally meets Charlie  an old friend of his.
He used.
Charlie tells Rags.
He has had finding a new master  and keeping him.
Porky throws both dogs out of his car and tells them he does nt want a dog.
He decides to go back.
When Rags sees how Charlie begs Porky to keep him.
<EOS>
Charlie is released and immediately swindled by a fake person.
A fellow ex-convict convinces Charlie to help burglarize a house.
<EOS>
Dr and his granddaughters  Susan and Barbara  show Barbara s boyfriend Ian the Doctor s latest invention  a time machine called TARDIS.
Who.
It takes them.
When Ian accidentally activates the machine.
The Daleks  heavily mutated by radiation  encased themselves in protective machines and retreated into their city.
The humanoid Thals survived the fallout and became a peaceful race of farmers.
The Thals  crops have recently failed  however.
They have journeyed to seek help from their former enemies.
The Daleks  meanwhile   are unable to leave the city due to power their travel machines.
Determined to become the dominant race.
Ian and Barbara are unnerved and demand to return to London.
The Doctor  eager to investigate the city  fakes.
A leak links to keep them on Skaro.
The group decide to search the city but stumble across a case of Thal drug vials.
They leave.
The Doctor  on reading a Geiger counter  realises.
The planet is radioactive and.
Suddenly  the Daleks appear and capture the travellers  confining them and seizing the Doctor s fluid link for inspection.
The Daleks know and want to reproduce it in large quantities.
That they can leave the city and exterminate the Thals.
They offer to let the humans use some.
The vials left outside TARDIS are brought.
Whilst carrying out the task Susan encounters Alydon  the Thal leader.
Who left the vials.
Alydon gives Susan the Daleks deviate and also lends her his plastic cape.
A secondary drug supply to use.
The Daleks discover Susan s secret drug supply but allow the humans to treat themselves.
They then summon Susan to write a letter  informing them.
They wish to end post-war hostilities and will leave food as an act of friendship.
The adventurers discover.
When the Thals arrive  however  they will be ambushed and exterminated.
The Doctor and his companions immobilise it  thus insulating it from the charged metal floor.
When a Dalek comes.
Ian takes the place and notifies another Dalek.
He is taking the Doctor  Barbara and Susan.
Now free  the travellers shout a warning.
Who are entering the city and escape into the jungle  but not before an elderly man  Temmosus  is killed by the Daleks.
Later the Daleks test the Thal drug but find.
It causes disastrous side effects.
They decide to detonate a neutron bomb to increase the radiation on Skaro to a point.
Which not even the Thals can survive.
The Doctor urges Alydon to fight the Daleks to secure a safe future for his species.
Alydon insists.
The Thals are pacifist.
The Doctor tests this claim.
Alydon punches Ian  showing to the Thals.
They can fight.
Alydon  Susan and the Doctor lead the tribe.
Where they attempt to confuse the enemy s scanners.
The plan fails  the Thals scatter and Susan and the Doctor are captured.
When the Daleks appear.
Meanwhile  Ian and Barbara  guided  set out to infiltrate the city from the rear.
Is eventually forced to jump a chasm to proceed any further.
Navigating a swamp Elyon is killed.
Antodus falls short and plunges  but manages to cling to the uneven rock face and is pulled up by the others.
The Daleks ignore the Doctor s appeals.
They start the bomb countdown.
Ian  Barbara  Ganatus and Antodus penetrate the city and join Alydon.
The rest.
Who have returned.
The Thals and humans enter the control room and struggle.
The Doctor yells to stop the bomb detonation.
Ian calls out his presence and dives in unison.
The Daleks inadvertently destroy their own control panel  disabling themselves as well as freezing the countdown.
The Doctor then retrieves the TARDIS fluid link.
The Thals bid farewell to the Doctor and his companions and express their gratitude with special gifts.
They materialise.
When the travellers depart.
<EOS>
Singer Marian Washburn loses her voice.
Aided  they promote a young singer Susan Caldwell.
She is shot and seriously wounded.
When Susan decides to quit the business.
Marian is charged.
<EOS>
Oreste Jacovacci meet each other during the call to arms at the start of World War I.
They are united.
Completely different.
They and a varied group go through many ups and downs during their training  battles and rare moments of leave.
They are considered inefficient due and so are made message-runners to the staff  a very dangerous job.
Having succeeded  a sudden change in which side hold.
Trench leaves them.
They are accused and condemned to be shot by firing squad.
Overcome  they let slip.
They are and that they have decided to change sides to save their lives.
The battle then ends  without anyone knowing of the pair s sacrifice.
<EOS>
A meteor housing a malevolent alien parasite crashes.
Local car dealer Grant Grant is subsequently infected.
Frolicking. 
The parasite takes over his body and absorbs his consciousness and memories.
James Gunn s Formspring now in control of his body  ` Grant  begins to slowly change into a hideous tentacular slug-like monster.
No one suspects Grant  however his wife Starla begins to question his health.
Have occurred.
He avoids doctors appointments and lies to keep her.
Sensing her distance  Starla contacts town sheriff Bill Pardy - her childhood crush.
Who attempts to reassure and comfort her while not acting.
Grant infects the lonely and neglected Brenda.
He hides her.
Where she becomes massively obese as baby alien slugs grow.
Pardy leads a small group on a hunt for Grant  only to be lured into a trap.
Where Brenda explodes releasing hundreds.
Most become infected  zombie-like creatures.
The infected begin to want Starla and talk.
If they are Grant.
Before long  the rest become infected by the parasites and are controlled via a hive mind connection with Grant.
Who plans to infect the rest until he is ` all that is  as shown during a failed bonding attempt with Kylie.
Kylie learns.
Its consciousness  however  is tampered.
Pardy  Starla  Kylie  and Mayor MacReady try to escape detection and kill Grant.
The townspeople attack their vehicle  capturing Starla.
The survivors  Pardy and Kylie  track Starla  only to discover.
The infected are melding.
They must risk their lives to stop the infestation.
Starla charms the monster.
They can be together  but as they get close.
He slaps her and knocks her across the room.
Meanwhile  Pardy bursts in and tries to kill the monster.
Another tentacle knocks the grenade.
Where it detonates.
The monster sends two tentacles to stab Pardy and infect him.
One is lodged  but Pardy attaches the other to a small propane tank  filling Grant with gas.
Starla shoots the monster  causing it to explode.
All the infected die.
The three survivors begin their walk.
A cat wanders across a remaining parasite.
Shoots itself.
<EOS>
Captain Collier and his band show up to an English coastal town to investigate reports of Marsh Phantoms.
Who ride.
The Captain suspects.
The local reverend might be hiding something.
Are the phantoms.
<EOS>
A cyborg named.
Gabriel was created to destroy all other cyborgs.
He later runs and saves Nea by killing Simon.
Who is one.
Gabriel trains Nea to become a cyborg killer to help him.
They go.
Gabriel gets blown by a cyborg  then taken to the cyborg camp.
Nea discovers the cyborg camp and then challenges Job.
She then kills one  then she starts to kill most of the cyborgs  and their soldiers.
Then she finds Gabriel  and straps him.
Together they battle more cyborgs.
Her to put him down.
Now they head.
The Master Builder captures Nea s brother  and takes him to cyborg city.
They can get.
Is fighting Job.
That is happening Gabriel.
His face explodes  then Job tells Gabriel  and.
They ca nt be stopped.
Job dies moments later  then Gabriel and Nea ride off  on a quest to find Nea s brother at cyborg city.
<EOS>
Customs Officer Bharat Srivastav lives a middle-class life  wife Sangita and a small son.
Rajni is soon to get married.
He is known.
It is these methods.
Land him.
Bharat decides to oppose them  and as a result the Shikari brothers recruit false eye-witnesses  pay them to give false testimonies and get the complaint dismissed.
His family is abducted and subsequently killed.
When Bharat persists.
Bharat manages to kill.
Some  however  is arrested  found guilty and sentenced to life imprisonment.
The vehicle meets with an accident  killing everyone on board.
Relieved  the Shikari brothers celebrate - only to find out.
They now have a new unknown enemy - an enemy who will kill them one - for an unknown reason.
Watch.
What happens when the Shikari brothers investigate and attempt to entrap this new nemesis.
<EOS>
-LCB- -LCB- Expand section | datePart 1Part 2Part 3 The Evoluders attack Earth.
They are eventually repelled.
Zoa  the Evoluder military commander  ignores the orders.
Whom he has installed.
He fires the main anti-matter cannon.
Orgun stops it.
Requires sunlight.
Orgun dies.
Tomoru survives.
Zoa is killed.
Mhiku resumes ruling the Evoluders.
Who peacefully leave Earth.
Tomoru and Kanzaki walk off.
<EOS>
The Capulets and the Montagues are.
The animosity is felt by their younger relatives.
A gunfight creates chaos in the city.
The Chief reprimands the families  warning them.
If such behavior continues  their lives shall pay the forfeit.
The Montague boys meet their friend  Mercutio.
Who has tickets.
Romeo takes the Ecstasy pill.
Mercutio gave him and they proceed.
The effects overwhelm Romeo.
Who goes.
He sees Juliet.
Admiring an aquarium.
Tybalt spots Romeo and vows to kill him.
Fulgencio stops him.
Romeo and Juliet sneak.
The nurse spots them.
When the doors open and drags Juliet away  while revealing that Romeo is a Montague.
Romeo realizes.
Juliet is a Capulet.
Mercutio takes Romeo.
He sneaks back  hiding under Juliet s balcony.
Juliet emerges and proclaims her love for him.
Romeo sneaks up.
Juliet is horrified.
He risked death.
Romeo tells her.
He does not care whether he is caught.
Knowing  Juliet tells him.
Her nurse is looking.
If he sends word  she will be his.
Romeo visits Father Lawrence  telling him he wants to marry Juliet.
He agrees to marry the pair.
Their marriage ease the tensions between the families.
Romeo passes the word.
The lovers are married.
Tybalt encounters Mercutio.
As Romeo arrives.
Romeo attempts to make peace.
Tybalt assaults him.
Mercutio intervenes and batters Tybalt  about to shoot Tybalt.
When Romeo stops him.
Tybalt slashes Mercutio of glass.
Mercutio   laughs it off as a mere scratch.
He soon realizes.
The cut is deeper than he thought.
Angered  Mercutio curses the warring houses.
He storms off to die in Romeo s arms a few moments later.
Angry  Romeo chases and guns him down.
Mercutio  neither a Capulet nor Montague  has been murdered.
Captain Prince banishes Romeo.
Romeo  hiding  claims.
He would rather die than be banished.
Father Lawrence   sternly lectures Romeo about the fact.
The end result could have been his death as opposed to banishment.
Father Lawrence treats Romeo s injuries and says  he will help Romeo and Juliet return and reconcile with their family and friends.
After some time passes.
The nurse tells Romeo.
Juliet is waiting.
Horrified by.
What has happened.
She kisses him.
When Romeo climbs.
Fulgencio decides.
Juliet will marry Paris.
The next morning  Romeo narrowly escapes she has been promised.
Juliet s mother tells her.
She refuses to marry  so her father threatens to throw her out.
Her mother and nurse insist.
It would be to marry Paris.
Juliet sees Father Lawrence  imploring him to help her and threatening to commit suicide.
The priest proposes she fake death and be put to awaken 24 hours later.
Romeo will be told  sneak into the vault  and once reunited.
The two can travel.
He gives her the poison necessary to make her seem dead.
Juliet drinks the poison.
She is found  declared dead and placed in the vault.
Balthasar learns Juliet is dead and tells Romeo.
Who was not home when the messenger arrived to tell him.
Romeo returns.
Where he buys poison.
Father Lawrence learns.
Romeo has no idea Juliet is alive.
Romeo enters the church.
Where Juliet lies.
Juliet awakens.
Romeo takes the poison.
The two thus see each other.
He dies.
Juliet picks and shoots herself in the head  dying instantly.
The two lovers are discovered.
Prince condemns both families.
Whose feuding led.
Coroners are shown taking the two bodies away.
<EOS>
Uuno s father-in-law  Councillor Tuura  is losing his nerves again.
He decides to make a complete change  and moves to the country together with his wife and daughter Elisabeth without telling Uuno about it.
Uuno   has decided to try to salvage his marriage by spending a week away from home  without telling his wife.
Where he is.
His wife has moved away.
When Uuno returns.
Uuno finds.
A notice left in the refrigerator  although the notice was written by Uuno s.
Uuno hears.
Harski Hartikainen and Sorsselsson plan to close down the car service station and go.
Uuno joins them.
Councillor Tuura and the women arrive.
They have bought.
Tuura admires the peaceful country life and a door.
Uuno wo nt be passing through.
The door opens.
Uuno enters.
Uuno  Hartikainen and Sorsselsson have been given a job to measure the direction under construction.
The engineers have drawn to pass directly that Tuura has bought.
Tuura gets annoyed.
He has bought a mansion.
Tuura takes a taxi to meet the Minister of Traffic and hears.
The minister is where Tuura bought the mansion from.
Tuura returns and meets the minister at his summer cabin.
The minister takes Tuura s business up at the Council of Traffic.
Uuno and Elisabeth go to visit Uuno s father Hugo.
Who has all kinds.
Hugo is secretly brewing moonshine and fears.
The sheriff will hear.
Elisabeth thinks.
She has still more to learn.
The Turhapuro men get to their favourite pastime.
Uuno also visits his old teacher.
Tuura tries to find out ways to stop the road construction.
Uuno figures out an idea to make the mansion.
His in-laws and Elisabeth do a lot to make the mansion into a vacation resort.
Meanwhile  Uuno receives the first customer.
Who is Kreetta  a spy hired.
Kreetta follows Uuno s actions and not the real target given by Tuura.
Uuno entertains Kreetta.
The Council plans to move the road around Tuura s mansion.
This suggestion is greatly opposed.
The matter is put aside.
Where Uuno s father secretly makes people drink moonshine.
Uuno receives two million markka to turn around the heads of the Council of Traffic.
The Council of Traffic meets  to vote for the road to pass through Tuura s lands at the direction of the school teacher.
The minister draws a line.
Tuura is disappointed.
Uuno s father arrives and is ready to buy the mansion.
Tuura laughs  but Hugo has enough money.
So they go to sign a deed.
Uuno arrives to tell.
He held a ruler and his thumb so that the road made a bend.
Tuura goes to follow Uuno s father.
Who has gone.
<EOS>
The majority consists of Dillon  Goodman and Reiser s characters reciting their separate lovesick accounts of their experiences with Tyler s seductress character  each narrating over.
What they consider to be the real version.
Scenes are often re-enacted twice.
He acts.
When Goodman s detective character is narrating.
If he were a completely fair  by-the-book police officer.
Dillon is painted.
He is the innocent victim.
When Dillon is telling the story.
Goodman is shown  Reiser s character is convinced.
Every woman is.
Everyone acts accordingly.
<EOS>
Their parents are away  Owen delivers the paper  dodges a school bully  and spends afternoons spinning tall tales  and making inventions.
His life changes.
When he encounters three thugs and a mistreated dog.
Owen frees the dog and bonds.
He realizes.
When he reads a newspaper account.
He suspects.
The thugs hid the diamonds.
Owen changes the dog s name.
He takes her.
The police think.
The story is not true.
The thugs are.
<EOS>
Eccentric millionaire philanthropist Axel Clark wishes to prove.
All people are essentially honest and good.
His lawyers drop wallets on the streets of town.
Each have $ 100 dollars  with information for contacting the lawyers.
The four honest people then find themselves.
Who return the wallets.
The first person  would inherit Clark s entire estate.
Who could double that sum month  through honest means.
Otherwise  the entire estate would go.
Who is determined to thwart the plan.
<EOS>
Linda Voss  a young woman of Irish/German Jewish parentage  begins a new job as a secretary with a New York law firm.
She becomes.
She can speak German fluently.
Linda gradually comes to suspect.
Ed hides dark secrets.
She is proved right.
When  after America officially joins forces  he emerges as a colonel in the OSS.
She accompanies him.
C.
And  they become lovers.
She is left alone and devastated.
When he is suddenly posted away.
Assigned to work  Linda hears nothing of Ed.
He reappears as he left.
Reluctant to resume their affair  he does re-employ her.
Ed and his colleagues abruptly need to replace a murdered agent at very short notice.
Linda volunteers and Ed allows himself to be persuaded by her fluent German and passion to contribute to the war effort.
What she s seen.
They travel.
Where Ed hands her over.
He installs Linda in the basement of his Berlin mansion and introduces her to his niece  Margrete von Eberstein  a beautiful socialite also working as an Allied agent.
Linda is planted  but her first dinner is a disaster.
She is sacked.
She is taken on to the children of high-ranking Nazi officer Franz-Otto Dietrich.
Who had been a guest.
Unable to report back  she is taken to Dietrich s house and effectively drops out of sight.
Dietrich brings home confidential documents  so Linda starts searching - intending to photograph them.
Contrary  she also attempts to locate her cousins  believed to be hiding in Berlin.
She tracks down her relatives hiding place but is too late.
They have already been captured.
The cellar is empty.
Raid sirens blare.
All hope is lost.
Residents   run through the streets as buildings around them are blow apart by the falling bombs.
The preceding attack causes the frightened Dietrich children to reveal a hidden room.
Linda finds and secretly photographs Dietrich s top-secret papers.
Her cover is blown.
When Dietrich invites her.
Who believes her to be a friend.
She flees from the Dietrich home and seeks sanctuary with Margrete  only to find to her horror.
She is a double agent who has betrayed Linda s cousins and has now also betrayed Linda.
She shoots Linda  wounding her.
Linda overpowers Margrete and kills her.
She manages to slip down the laundry chute  narrowly escaping the German officers raiding Margrete s apartment.
Badly wounded  Linda is found and rescued.
Who has come in the guise of a high-ranking German officer.
Pretending to be mute   Ed takes Linda.
He does not speak the language.
They travel.
Linda is barely alive.
His travel papers are out.
Ed s bluff fails to sway the border guards  forcing him to shoot his way out.
Still carrying Linda  he struggles.
The German sniper guarding the border wounds him twice.
He manages to get himself and Linda.
The sniper is shot.
The film closes.
It began.
It is revealed -- a trick.
While Linda and Ed recovered in a Swiss hospital  the microfilm of the secret German documents has been retrieved from a hiding place inside Linda s glove.
She learned.
She waves.
Ed joins her.
The film ends.
<EOS>
Chester Wooley and Duke Egan are traveling salesmen.
Who make a stopover while enroute to California.
A notorious criminal  Fred Hawkins  is murdered.
The two are charged.
They are quickly tried  convicted  and sentenced to die.
The head  Jim Simpson  recalls a law.
Whereby the survivor must take responsibility for the deceased s debts and family.
The law spares the two.
Chester is now responsible.
They go.
Where Chester is worked to dusk.
To make matters worse  Chester must work to repay Hawkin s debt to its owner  Jake Frame.
Her plan is to wear Chester down.
He agrees to marry her.
Chester quickly learns.
No one will harm him.
Simpson makes Chester the sheriff.
The fear will help clean up the lawless town.
Chester carries around a photograph of Mrs Hawkins and her kids.
The approach works.
Chester is heralded.
Meanwhile  Duke still plans to go and tries to get Judge Benbow to marry Mrs Hawkins.
Order to free him and Chester.
He starts a rumor.
Mrs Hawkins is about to become rich once the railroad buys her land to lay tracks.
The rumor takes  with everyone trying to kill Chester in hopes of marrying Mrs Hawkins.
Frame eventually confesses  Duke and Chester are cleared and allowed to leave town  but not.
They admit that the railroad rumor was fabricated.
Benbow still wants to marry Mrs Hawkins.
She agrees.
She then announces.
The railroad actually did offer her substantial money.
She is now wealthy.
<EOS>
A group are filming a home movie on the beach.
When they are interrupted.
The Stranger becomes violent and chases him away.
He then runs and grabs it  screaming  ` Forty days.
A young girl watches.
A news broadcast where a woman is showing photographs.
People gather at the water s edge.
The Stranger walks and waits there.
The Teacher  dressed in bedraggled clothing  appears and walks the to water.
He removes his clothes and walks towards The Stranger.
Who pushes him.
He cries and is carried to shore.
When The Teacher emerges.
Where he is wrapped and carried away while the people sing  ` He is come.
Later that day there is a gathering.
Where the council await a visit.
Entertainers perform but are interrupted by The Stranger.
Who digs a door.
He stands.
The door up and from appears a young boy with the likeness of The Teacher.
As soon  the event is over.
It begins.
The celebrations continue.
The Company Man arrives.
The Company Man begins addressing the people but is interrupted.
When a woman strapped emerges from the crowd.
A masked man threatens to detonate the bomb.
Who has hijacked the tannoy system.
The company do not leave the town.
The Teacher appears and walks to the woman  talking to her.
Anything happens.
He discovers and asks her to tell him her story.
Her name is Joanna.
He removes the bomb and the two embrace.
They are gone.
Any can speak with them.
The bomber is arrested and taken away.
Later that day ICU holds a conference to discuss their plans for the town.
The Company man speaks.
He ca nt tell the people that they will all be moved on  and that he must lie to them.
The Company Man takes and explains to the people of the town.
The company will be adding a new road  entitled the Passover Project.
He explains.
Families who s houses stand will be rehomed.
The people start to revolt.
One woman is shot.
The Teacher appears and cradles her.
His mother finds him.
He does nt recognise her.
Later that night  The Teacher and his friends celebrate.
The Teacher is volunteered to draw the raffle.
His mother approaches him again.
She gives him a photograph and his daughter.
Who he does nt remember.
The encounter visibly moves him.
He calls Joanne.
There he asks her to give him up.
She reluctantly agrees.
The friends stumble.
There The Teacher sees visions.
He then sees a vision.
He asks him to tell him his story.
The vision replies   I have no story.
I am.
The visions disappear.
The Teacher notices a roofer on a nearby house.
The roofer is his father.
He recognises him.
His father explain.
He has lost a piece from the roof and asks his son to find it.
It s broken.
When he does.
His father explains.
Sometimes you have to sacrifice one piece to realise that the roof needs to be fixed.
The Teacher reluctantly agrees and is arrested.
Phillips.
He is taken.
Where the Security Chief tells him he knows everything  about his failed marriage and how he never gets to see his daughter any more.
He accuses The Teacher and tells him.
The people look to him as their king.
Peter is being quizzed by a local news team about.
Whether he is affiliated.
He denies ever knowing him.
The Teacher reluctantly admits.
His is the king  knowing that he is the piece of slate that is sacrificed to save the whole roof.
The following day The Teacher and the bomber  Barry Absalum are tried.
Barry is set free.
The Teacher is found guilty.
Peter tries to stop the events happening.
He does know The Teacher.
It is too late.
He is dragged and is beaten by the security team.
They dress him and place a crown of barbed wire upon his head to humiliate him.
Sgt Phillips and the rest refuse to participate.
The Teacher is bundled and driven to a local stonemasons.
Where he is handed a cross.
He then follows Simon s drum.
A procession begin to walk.
The Teacher collapses and is carried.
Where his mother bathes his wounds and replaces his crown.
The procession continues.
They reach the beach  where a podium built stands.
The Teacher is stripped and nailed and raised above the town.
Picture comes alive in his mind.
He hangs.
Suddenly he remembers.
We cut.
Where he flees.
He lives happily.
Scars the town.
He states that ` Nobody stops.
He gets lost and begins to forget.
When journeying.
Who he is.
It is.
He stubles down.
The Teacher begins to cry out about all of the memories of the town.
All is brought back to life with old memories.
His followers wrap him and lower him gently.
He dies.
Where his mother cradles his body and sings.
Joanne approaches to remove the cloth to show the town their hero one last time  but.
When she does  his body is gone and in his place are hundreds.
The Stranger appears  exclaiming  ` It is finished  it has begun.
<EOS>
A university hospital nurse named.
Heading out.
Deanna is tased and raped by a hooded man wearing a surgical mask and medical gloves.
The next day  the traumatized Deanna subdues a burglar.
Who breaks.
Deanna  convinced  ties the burglar up  strips him down  and takes some of his blood.
The intruder is the same man who raped her.
Deanna steals urine samples  makes plans to go out with a friend and co-worker named Leanna on Thursday  and asks her boss  Doctor Tyson  to compare the burglar s blood to a swab of semen.
She had collected.
Deanna tells.
Doctor Tyson that a friend was raped  and that the blood belongs  who she suspects was her assailant.
Back  Deanna tortures the burglar by covering him in the urine samples  burning him with a blow torch  and jabbing him with syringes.
Deanna goes out.
When Thursday arrives.
Hours later returns.
Deanna bumps named Trevor.
Stumbling up.
Who she seduces and has sex.
A relationship develops.
Deanna becomes further unhinged  and begins suffering.
She also continues to torture the burglar  dressing  and attaining an almost sexual gratification from the man s suffering.
One day  Deanna gives the burglar a handjob  and afterward destroys his genitals.
Deanna hires a gigolo drug addict to sodomize him.
Deanna leaves and goes.
The addict has his way.
There  Deanna discovers circumstancial evidence indicating  walks having sex  and attacks them with a circular saw.
Trevor was her rapist.
Was. 
Deanna beheads Leanne  and bashes Trevor s face in with it.
Returning  Deanna murders the gigolo by stabbing him in the neck with a knife.
He reveals the burglar had died during the rape.
Deanna then goes in search of Doctor Tyson  eventually spotting him seated in his parked car  dressed like her rapist and surrounded by sadistic pornography and stun guns identical to the one.
She was attacked.
Deanna jams a cigarette lighter  and knocks him out with one of the stun guns.
When Doctor Tyson tries to pull her.
Having finally found her rapist  Deanna abducts Doctor Tyson.
The film ends.
She prepares to torture him.
<EOS>
Joel Curtis is a young orphan.
Who is living on her ranch.
Joel finds an orphaned colt  and names the horse Red.
Joel learns.
Grandma Curtis has extensive debts  and will be forced to sell her ranch to pay them off.
Joel is friends.
Joel convinces Andy to help him train Red  with the intention of selling his beloved horse to pay off his grandmother s debts.
Joel and Andy convinced Moresby Farms horse trainer Ellen Reynolds to race Red.
But the untrained Red loses the race.
He does not stay close.
Joel next approaches Mr Moresby.
Mr Moresby agrees  but says.
He will buy only those horses which can outrace Black Moor.
Joel and Ho-Na  a Native American working for Grandma Curtis  train Red on Moresby s racetrack nightly.
Joel s dog  Curley  helps.
Whenever Red tries to stray.
Moresby promises to see Red race one more.
Time first thing on the day.
But that night  Red escapes the barn and goes.
Where a bear attacks him.
Red escapes  but is too exhausted.
The next day  Joel races Red and beats Moresboy s horse.
Moresby purchases Red  saving Grandma Curtis  ranch.
Moresby makes Joel co-owner of Red.
Andy and Ellen reveal.
They are.
<EOS>
Fly-fishing expert  prize-fiddle player and local school teacher Tom and his wife Marion share an idyllic life  with only a baby.
To wish.
The village get more than the odd tune to entertain them.
When 19 year old New Yorker Natalie arrives.
Real life  families and what it means to belong.
<EOS>
Ayaka Kisaragi is a beautiful woman.
Descended. 
However  bored  she started her own business  Phantom Quest Corp.
The headquarters is Ayaka s quaint little family home  nestled between the skyscrapers of Shinjuku  Tokyo.
Along she possesses  Ayaka also uses very unconventional weapons while attacking ghosts and demons  including a lipstick case.
Turns. 
Ayaka s own bad habits often cut and interfere with paying the various experts.
She is very competent.
Whose help she usually depends.
Also   she often sleeps in bed late.
Her partner and business associate Mamoru Shimesu has to find creative ways.
Ayaka can usually be found battling vampires  poltergeists  and cutthroat competitors bent on driving her out of business.
<EOS>
Buck obtains false evidence to his wishes.
When impoverished Nanette Roland refuses to marry Buck McDougall until she is convinced that her long-absent fiance  Raoul Challoner  is dead.
Raoul appears and is about to take Nanette away  and  in the ensuing battle  Raoul accidentally kills a man and is arrested.
When Buck attacks him.
That night  Nanette helps him escape and   they flee into the wilderness.
Corporal OConnor is given the assignment of capturing him.
Three years later  the Mountie  aided  discovers Raoul s cabin in the woods.
A forest fire breaks out  trapping Nanette  Raoul and their baby.
As he arrests the fugitive.
OConnor  injured  is rescued by Raoul and the four reach safety.
Buck perishes.
OConnor  feeling a debt  agrees to testify to Raoul s death.
The family realizes.
Their troubles are.
<EOS>
The film revolves.
He dreams big.
There seems to be no chance.
He does nt have any money to bribe the bureaucracy.
To make matters worse  the new municipal commissioner turns out to be his former girlfriend  Gehna Ganpule.
Who now hates him.
His brothers were all responsible for bridge collapsing case.
Which several people were killed.
They were helped.
They kill him.
Saved. 
He tells truth.
Meanwhile Sanjay s lustful eyes fall.
Sachin warns him.
Meanwhile Azad Bhagat wants justice.
His family was killed.
He watches Sachin s sister being raped.
When Azad collects evidence.
He is killed.
When Azad goes.
There is a cat & mouse fight between Sanjay and Sachin.
Which Sanjay is accidentally killed down.
His father realises.
Sachin was truthful and sincere while his brothers were not doing good.
<EOS>
Henry Wiggen is a star pitcher.
He is a valuable player  but is in a dispute with the team s ownership  holding out for a new contract and more money.
Henry also has a sideline  with ballplayers as his clients.
One is a catcher  Bruce Pearson  a player of limited skill and intellect.
Teammates call Henry.
The brainy pitcher once wrote a book  although Bruce misunderstands the origin and  with his thick Southern drawl  often calls him Arthur instead.
The film opens leaving the Mayo Clinic in Minnesota  and has very little time left to live.
Where Bruce has been told he is terminally ill.
Henry and Bruce drive down in Georgia.
He has always wanted his only friend to see his old stomping grounds.
There  Bruce burns his old baseball memorabilia in a way to acknowledge the inevitable end of his life.
The team knows nothing.
Dutch is preparing to bench or release Bruce in favor of a hot young prospect  country boy Piney Woods.
So management is amazed and confused.
When Henry ends his holdout and agrees  that he and Bruce come as a package.
So is the other.
One is.
The other goes too.
One s traded or sent down.
Dutch tries everything.
He can think to make Henry reveal why he insists that Bruce catch for him.
The Mammoths are losing games and have a low morale  with teammates quarreling among themselves.
Meanwhile  knowing  Bruce wants Henry to change the beneficiary from his parents to his girlfriend Katie.
He is dying.
She is interested  and is taking advantage of his limited intellect.
One day  a frustrated Henry blurts out the fact.
When a player picks.
Bruce is dying.
He asks.
It remain confidential.
Quickly teammates and Dutch all find out.
They begin to treat Bruce differently.
Each other as well.
The team s play and mood both improve.
Bruce becomes too ill to continue playing.
The team goes on to win the World Series.
He returns to see his parents.
He passes away.
The season is over.
Henry vows.
He wo nt rag again.
<EOS>
They return to their unmutated father Maynard  the old man from the first two films.
The four are shown murdering a jogger and dragging her body back to their cabin.
Meanwhile five friends  Billy  his girlfriend Cruz  Lita  her boyfriend Gus and Julian are to the town to celebrate the Mountain Man Festival.
Sheriff Angela Carter stops them  suspecting they possess drugs.
Billy confesses to Sheriff Carter  so she frees Cruz  Lita  Gus and Julian.
He owns the drugs.
Who check.
Meanwhile the cannibals drive  kill a guard at the power plant and shut off the town s electricity.
Cruz encounters Three-Finger and is killed.
Julian sees Lita and Gus making out  so he decides to give them some privacy and goes to visit Cruz and Billy.
Gus and Lita are attacked.
He leaves.
Both manage to escape separately.
He finds out.
When Billy arrives.
Cruz never made it.
Sheriff Carter sees a truck pull up and drop off a body.
She grabs her gun and goes out to help Gus.
Whom she sees outside.
He is killed  run over.
Julian and Billy continue complaining not being back.
Still  she warns them not to go outside.
The Sheriff releases Billy and the drunk but keeps the old man in.
They all get handed rifles.
Suddenly the power turns off  the drunk man remembers.
There is a generator.
Sheriff Carter goes to get it.
She gets and asks for help.
The person does not believe her and hangs up.
She runs back.
Julian and Billy leave  ignoring the sheriff s warnings.
When she arrives.
Terrified  Lita shows up.
They tell Lita the situation.
Billy leaves.
They are attacked and killed.
They look.
The drunk man  now sober  prepares to take the sheriff s van to get help.
Maynard tries to convince Lita to let him out  saying.
She will be not killed.
She does not listen  the drunk guy then gets the keys and leaves.
He wrecks  running into a barbed-wire trap planted by the cannibals.
The store explodes  knocking Sheriff Carter unconscious.
Houses the generator.
Maynard stabs her in the eyes with a letter opener.
Carter wakes up and shoots Maynard.
She takes both Lita and Maynard back inside.
The cannibals knock Angela out.
When she leaves to get something.
They all go inside and let Maynard out.
He ties up Angela and tells her she can pick her death.
He ties up a shotgun  and tapes her up  in such a way.
If she puts her feet it will blow.
He sets the building ablaze.
She puts her feet  shooting herself in the head.
The cannibals and Maynard drive down the road to find Lita.
Who is still alive  although still blind.
They find her and put her.
Lita begins to scream  realizing.
It is the cannibals  truck.
They drive off.
Her fate remains unknown.
<EOS>
Sam Martin runs a charter boat.
He is forced to run guns for some revolutionaries.
<EOS>
Vittorio De Sica plays the middle-aged marshal Antonio Carotenuto in a remote fictional Italian mountain village named Sagliena.
He s anxious to marry  and selects young Maria De Ritis.
She is already.
Mistaking her headstrong behavior  De Sica makes advances towards her.
She spurns him.
Forsaking the girl  De Sica decides to settle for village midwife Annarella Mirziano.
Things become more complicated.
When Annarella  the midwife  starts demonstrating her love.
She is hiding a secret.
The Marshal soon will be.
<EOS>
19-year-old Karl Koch finds the world around him threatening and chaotic.
Inspired  he starts investigating the backgrounds of political and economic power and discovers signs.
Make him believe.
Karl gets to know the student David.
David and Karl are able to hack --.
Is still   in its early stages.
Their belief propels them into espionage for the KGB.
Driven -- and by increasing KGB pressure to hack successfully into foreign systems -- Karl spirals into a cocaine dependency and grows increasingly alienated from David.
Karl begins to sit in front of his computer for days at a time.
Perpetually sleepless  he also grows increasingly delusional.
Karl is left alone to face the consequences.
When David publicly reveals the espionage activity in which the two men have been engaged.
Collapse soon follows.
Karl is taken to deal with his drug addiction and mysteriously dies afterward.
<EOS>
Karen McCoy is released with nothing but the clothes on her back.
Karen was the bank robber of her time.
Now she wishes more than to settle down and start a new life.
Unfortunately   McCoy will have to do the unthinkable in order to save her son and new heartthrob J.
T.
Another bank job.
<EOS>
The story starts  the king raja raja cholan presents his valuable sword to his soldier for playing a vital role in winning a war.
It was preserved.
This information was known.
Who plans to steal it due.
Presently Gemini ganesan is charged.
The villain plans to send Karthick to do this job.
He enters.
Who is the son.
Every thing went smooth initially.
However  nagma grand daughter  fell in love with him.
The situation called to marry her.
Later Nagma came to know the truth and challenges him.
Gemini ganesan not knowing karthick for.
What he came there  gave the sword to him and pressed him to look after it.
This made.
Karthick realize his mistake and promises him to protect it.
The climax occurs.
When he manages to protect the sword.
The family accepted Karthick.
-LCB- -LCB- Infobox album -RCB-.
<EOS>
Marie Stubbs is a diminutive Glaswegian headmistress.
Who is close.
She takes on one last challenge  to improve the fortunes of St George s School in North West London.
The school is facing closure.
Its previous headmaster  Philip Lawrence  was murdered  while breaking up a fight between his pupils and students from a rival school.
<EOS>
Marvin the Martian is traveling.
Powerhouse plays.
He opens his assignment envelope - return one Earth creature back to Mars.
He finds Bugs  rabbit hole.
They are pushed back.
The two observe the hole.
When Bugs cleans out a bucket.
Seeing their getup  Bugs assumes.
It must be Halloween  so he hands them each a bag.
Marvin then decides.
He ll have to use force.
He pulls out his disintegrating gun and atomizes a large hole.
Where the small rabbit hole used to be.
Bugs shrieks you get.
Halloween-y can.
Marvin then tells Bugs.
He s to come back with him.
Bugs tries to act defiant  but goes slightly insane.
When Marvin uses his pistol.
He quickly gets some bags and runs  then runs back out as a train conductor  telling Marvin and K-9 Flying saucer  leaving for Saturn  Neptune  Jupiter  Venus  the Dogstar and Mars.
All aboard.
Bugs convinces Marvin.
He wants to go.
He does nt want to get involved.
Marvin calls K-9 over and atomizes him.
K-9 pulls himself out  asking.
What he did wrong.
Bugs starts walking off.
Marvin and K-9 shoot him.
Marvin is piloting.
K-9 watches.
Bugs convinces K-9 to let him ` try - maybe in a size.
Now  Bugs quickly ties K-9 up  then grabs another jacket and yells.
The ship has struck an iceberg  quickly tying up Marvin as well.
Now  Bugs tries turning the ship back home.
He starts to fly back  but throws out an anchor to steady the ship.
The anchor then pulls.
Pulls on Saturn s rings  a large planet and other assorted stars.
Back  a small man in an observatory looks into his telescope  only to see the spaceship and the planets directly in front of him.
The man then writes a note.
I resign.
Signed  I.
Frisby and leaves.
Outside  Bugs asks the man.
He knows where he can sell a slightly used flying saucer -- it s only got.
The man then starts making spastic movements and walking off  causing Bugs to ask the audience   Huh .
What s biting him.
<EOS>
A Chinese man robs the Bank.
To evade the police  he becomes the valet.
Phileas is trying to break the 50-mph speed barrier.
They head to the Royal Academy of Science.
There  Fogg is insulted  in particular William Thomson  1st Baron Kelvin.
Who believes that everything worth discovering has already been discovered.
Phileas is pressured to see.
Whether he can travel around the world.
He will become Minister in Lord Kelvin s place.
He wins.
Not he will destroy his lab and never invent anything again.
Phileas and Passepartout start their journey  taking a carriage and leaving London after a confrontation with Inspector Fix  a corrupt officer hired by the Royal Academy of Science to stop them.
Passepartout and Phileas journey.
Pretending to take Phileas  Passepartout leads him to an art school.
Where Phileas meets Monique La Roche  a would-be impressionist.
There  Passepartout is attacked.
Who is that he stole.
Fang had previously given it in exchange for military assistance in China.
She convinces them to take her.
When Monique learns.
They depart  chased by Fang s warriors.
Whilst  Monique learns.
Passepartout is trying to return the Jade Buddha back  and is travelling with Phileas to get there quickly.
Monique keeps his secret for him convincing Phileas to let her travel with him.
They travel.
Where they are greeted.
The Prince orders Monique to stay.
The men are ordered to leave.
The men blackmail Prince Hapi.
The statue is destroyed.
Lord Kelvin learns.
Phileas has been involuntarily abetting a thief s escape.
He orders the British colonial authorities to arrest both.
Passepartout sees notice and warns his companions.
Disguised.
They evade the police.
Using Inspector Fix and a sextant  they defeat their assailants and flee to China.
Passepartout leads his friends.
Where they are happily greeted.
They spend several days there and are attacked.
Phileas  Monique and Passepartout   are held captive.
Whose name is revealed to be Lau Xing.
Lau Xing challenges the leader to a fight.
He fights alone and is defeated  moments later he is joined by the martial arts masters of the Ten Tigers of Canton.
Which he is one.
The Tigers drive the Black Scorpions and free the Westerners.
The Buddha is returned.
Phileas  unhappy  leaves China alone.
His companions used him.
He travels and is tricked out of his money.
He is found.
They find the Wright brothers and the three inventors discuss the flying machine.
Phileas finds the brothers  plans brilliant but suggests a few changes.
Lau Xing  Monique  and Phileas  next stop is New York City.
Where a crowd greets them  making it impossible for them to reach their ship.
A policeman takes them.
He claims is a shortcut.
It is an ambush.
Fang s minions made arrangements to take Lau Xing s village and tap the jade reserves underneath it.
Lord Kelvin will not have the means to help them.
Phileas wins the bet.
A battle commences in the workshop  ending in Fang being knocked out by Monique.
Where the Statue was constructed.
The three friends are victorious.
He misses it to help Lau Xing.
Phileas could have gotten the boat.
Phileas feels.
He has lost.
The other two say.
They may still make it if they catch the next ship.
They board an old ship.
Phileas convinces the captain to let him build a plane.
Using the changed Wright brothers  plans  Phileas builds a plane.
The ship s crew builds a catapult to launch it.
They reach London.
Where the machine falls apart.
They crash.
Lord Kelvin sends police to stop them.
The clock strikes noon  ending the wager.
Lord Kelvin proclaims himself the victor.
Monique  Fix and other ministers attest.
Kelvin scoffs.
He insults Queen Victoria.
Who is nearby listening.
She learned.
He had sold her arsenal in exchange for jade mines in China thanks to one of his aides.
Kelvin is arrested  but vows revenge.
Phileas realizes.
He is one day early thanks.
He ascends the stairs  victorious in his bet.
<EOS>
An American salesman visits Britain.
Where he has success and woos the daughter of a Duke.
<EOS>
Sentinels provides an 18-minute helicopter-based aerial visit across the archeological ruins in Mexico including Teotihuacan  Monte Alban  Mitla  Tulum  Palenque  Chichen Itza and Uxmal.
The film s narration details pre-Columbian Mayan culture  focusing  and then questions.
And why the Mayan society seemed to disappear  leaving behind its structures.
Learning Resources Division.
<EOS>
Henery Hawk wants a chicken  saying.
He is a chicken hawk.
His mother refuses to give him chicken  insisting he eat a worm.
He will get no supper.
Henery refuses  much.
Henery s mother puts him and tells him to go right to sleep.
Henery sneaks out his house  then goes to the chickenhouse and soon finds a rooster and his hen  Hazel.
Who has a panic reaction.
The rooster chases him.
His mother spots him and sends him home.
He is again told to eat a worm and again refuses and says.
I want chicken  at which point the worm gives him a big kiss.
<EOS>
Amos Babcock Bellamy and Ben Hucklebee scheme to get their respective children  Luisa and Matt  to fall.
Knowing  the two men use reverse psychology and fabricate a feud  building a wall and forbidding their children to speak to each other.
They will resist their fathers  interference.
They enlist the aid  to put an end to their supposed disagreement in a manner.
When their plan works.
Will not reveal their deception.
El Gallo pretends to kidnap Luisa.
Includes elderly Shakespearean actor Henry Albertson and his mute sidekick Mortimer  and arranges to rescue her.
The couple settles.
What they anticipate will be domestic bliss.
Their innocent romanticism is replaced.
<EOS>
The film is.
They try to repair the marriages.
They successfully do this.
Tayaramma and Bangarayya step in.
When contrasting personalities Aruna and Vani get married and have problems respectively.
<EOS>
Iron Road follows the journey.
Whose quest takes her from a fireworks factory in China to a remote construction camp in the Rockies.
Lured - she and her countrymen come to Canada by the thousands to do the back-breaking work of blasting through the mountains to lay track.
She soon learns.
Railroads only bring fortune and that every mile of track is purchased with fear and death.
Little Tiger must use her wits and courage to fulfill her quest and honour her friends.
Treachery and prejudice threaten her.
Who died.
Little Tiger keeps the truth.
She has a crush and is sexually attracted to him.
James Nichol thinks and treats her as a buddy.
Nichol strips naked and jumps and asked Little Tiger to join him.
Little Tiger declines profusely  but secretly glances.
When he is nt looking.
She later reveals.
She is a woman and that she really likes him.
The two start.
An affair and the sexual relationship lasts until Little Tiger s father dies trying to save her.
The long lost father turns out to be the Chinese railroad construction foreman.
The rope holding her  had been deliberately severed.
When she was working.
She honours her father s wish to bring his ashes back and leaves the railway construction camp.
James wants to leave Canada and spend his life with her.
She declines.
They are both which could have social implications.
Interracial or inter ethnic relationships were generally discouraged.
<EOS>
Three girls steal a car and head up.
It s a holiday to die.
Someone does.
<EOS>
Arthur visits Mary to profess his love and propose.
But  he begins to rape her and winds up choking her.
When he notices her earrings.
His mother is worried and asks her police detective brother-in-law Bill to help find him.
Meanwhile  Mary has been found dead  the police suspect.
Arthur and the radio informs the public.
Bill finds several women.
Who tell while they are graphically shown in flashbacks.
Each one has a different character  One is a violent rape scene  one victim turns the rape  another victim is so repelled.
She vomits afterwards.
Only the viewer gets to see the connection however  the glistening earrings.
Each victim wears  and which set Arthur off.
The story finally is explained by Dr Meade.
Who a couple ago performed a penis transplant on Arthur which may have also transplanted the former womanizing owner s fondness of golden earrings.
<EOS>
Jacki and Julian Dewar  a pair  arrive via bus to London  they are home from university on Spring break.
Their father is.
The twins quickly set.
They trip her and stage it as an accident.
When Mrs McLaren threatens to upset their carefree life.
Jacki and Julian launch themselves.
Whom the twins address.
The pair encounter Clive  a small-time pimp.
Who makes his way by ingratiating himself with the wealthy and.
Clive quickly endears himself.
Clive s sometimes girlfriend Denise attempts to befriend Jules -- who himself rebuffs her advances that Jacki will someday reciprocate his incestuous feelings for her.
The foursome   a gangster quid for a gambling debt.
Clive attempts to hide out.
Whom he owes several hundred.
Meanwhile  Julian becomes more introverted and aggressive.
He sees Clive posing a threat that he shares with Jacki.
Julian goes out.
Jacki once again rebuffs his advances.
Seeing an opportunity to make the money to Rod Barstowe  Clive plies Julian with whiskey and marijuana and convinces him to accompany him to a brothel.
The brothel turns out to be a room.
Where Clive sometimes keeps his Circus.
Who work.
Two of the prostitutes  Audrey and Myra  beat and anally rape Julian.
Clive takes photos.
Clive keeps quiet.
He  Julian  Jacki  and Denise resume their activities.
Clive contemplates which to approach with the photos in a blackmail attempt.
He is forced to rush his plans.
When Barstowe finally tracks him down and issues an ultimatum.
One evening s house  Clive sends Jacki and Denise out.
Which he beats Julian and forces him to look.
Denise informs Jacki  telling her.
Clive demands that Julian pay off the debt keeping the photos a secret from Jacki.
He s done this before -- and that if Julian ca nt come up  Clive will force him into his Circus.
That night  Jacki comforts Julian  telling him.
She knows what happened and that their relationship has not changed.
The next night  the twins bet a drunken Clive a bottle.
He ca nt tell the two apart.
They ask Clive to leave the room  and then rearrange their father s parlor  positioning Agamemnon between a pair of lit candles and draping themselves in robes made from bedsheets.
The twins then blindfold Clive and position him.
The twins stab him with Jacki s antique Tanto.
When he hesitates.
Agamemnon is cut in half  the combined sight of Clive s blood splattered on her.
Agamemnon s severed body causes Jacki to suffer a nervous breakdown.
She flees  leaving Julian behind.
Jacki is discovered semi-catatonic by London politician James.
Who recognizes her that they both attended.
He takes her  thinking.
She s suffering the after-effects out.
A dazed Jacki wanders out of the flat and hails a cab  thinking.
She s going home.
She discovers Clive s body and Agamemnon s shredded remnants and runs screaming from the home.
The nearby cab driver  alerted  runs into the house.
Discovering Clive s body  he phones the police.
The next day a manhunt is in full force.
Jacki returns.
The two have sex.
James believes her.
When she says she has no memory  but after lying to the police about her whereabouts  tells her that she ll need to find Julian to clear her own name.
Her memory jarred to their favorite places and by a display of teddy bears identical to Agamemnon  Jacki figures out.
Julian would have gone to hide the last place anyone would think he d gone -- the hotel room where he was raped.
Jacki gives James the address  telling him to call the police.
She is nt back.
Arriving  Jacki finds Julian.
Whose mental state is rapidly deteriorating.
He blames her  saying.
If she had believed and paid him the attention he deserves  he d never have gotten despondent enough to have gone out with Clive.
Jacki apologizes and reinforces their special bond  then attempts to tell him.
She has to go get supplies to abet their flight.
Believing  Julian becomes enraged and strangles Jacki.
She intends to abandon him.
Meanwhile  afraid  James ignores Jacki s request to call the authorities and spends the rest.
He ll face consequences.
Back  a distraught Julian blows out the pilot light on the room s heating system and then loosens the gas valve  resulting in a carbon monoxide leak.
He seals the room s exits  gathers Jacki in his arms  and lay on the floor cradling her.
He succumbs.
<EOS>
The film begins.
Where the main character  a waitress named Slim  works.
Slim receives unwelcome romantic advances.
Who complimented her but made fun of her name.
She reveals.
Slim is not her real name.
She refuses to reveal her real name.
Then she is rescued.
They later marry and have a daughter named Gracie.
A few years later  Slim finds out.
Mitch is unfaithful and was cheating on her.
He tells her the other women meant nothing.
When she confronts him.
But Slim s sadness turns.
She threatens to leave.
Mitch becomes violent  slapping and punching her.
He tells her.
Since he makes the money  he gets to do what he wants.
He says.
He will not break the affair off.
She has to deal.
She wants to fight.
She picks up the phone to call his mother.
When he leaves.
He taps.
When he catches her  asking her who she s calling  and why.
She says  but lies.
She s calling his mother.
When she gives her reasons.
He believes her  and leaves.
She asks Slim.
When Slim approaches her.
What she had done to make Mitch angry  indicating that Mitch s behavior is nt a surprise.
Slim then goes and talks.
Ginny tells her.
She should leave.
Slim is nt sure.
Her teacher says.
When she goes to pick Gracie up.
Gracie was already picked up.
She panics and goes home.
The house is empty.
She calls Mitch.
Who tells her that Gracie is at the zoo.
He hints.
He can get to Gracie as easy as she can.
That night  he tells her.
He stays civil.
Slim decides.
Enough is enough  and plans to escape.
A few days later Slim  having carefully planned her escape  leaves and takes Gracie.
Who wait outside.
But Mitch stops her.
She s about to leave.
He then attacks and kicks her.
Leaves a bruise.
He threatens Slim s friends.
Who run after hearing Slim scream.
Mitch says.
He will plant drugs  making her look like an addict - that way he ll have sole custody of Gracie by the end of the week.
But  she and Gracie escape.
But Mitch relentlessly hunts her down  freezing her credit cards  forcing her friends to help her out financially.
Mrs Hiller  Mitch s mother  calls them to check.
They have to keep their calls short.
Slim takes Gracie  to meet her ex-boyfriend Joe.
They are visited  disguised as FBI agents investigating a kidnapping  and then to San Francisco to see her grandfather.
She knows they both are.
The man  named Jupiter  claims and gives them only $ 12  thinking.
Slim is not his daughter.
They are homeless and want money.
Slim leaves  hardhearted  and moves with Gracie to Michigan.
However   he decides to help.
Jupiter is threatened.
He sends them enough money.
Slim changes her name.
The future looks clear and bright.
Slim tells Gracie not to call her Slim.
Gracie responds.
She wo nt.
She does nt think Slim is that slim.
But Mitch tracks her down at gas stations around the area.
Gracie witnesses the attack and tries to stop her father.
He attacks Slim  saying he wants her back.
But Mitch pushes her out.
A car chase ensues  but Slim has made preparations.
They are able to do so again.
Gracie seems scared and has become quite silent  but does nt want her mother to tell her.
What happened.
Eventually Slim goes  hires a woman  and sends Gracie on vacation to Hawaii with her best friend to get her out of harm s way.
Who looks like her to keep her cover.
She prepares herself.
Who teaches her Krav Maga.
Self defense is not murder.
He tells her the hardest lesson -  hold on.
He hits her.
When he is about to attack or kick her.
She returns  breaks into Mitch s new home and traps him there  hiding his guns and blocking the phone connections  so he can not call the police.
She asks him.
He says he can not hit her.
He could do it.
Slim uses her new skills.
She calls Ginny saying.
She can not kill him  and while she is distracted Mitch hits her.
Slim repeats.
What she learned  beats and kicks him in the chest to send him off a balcony to his death.
No longer a threat  Slim and Gracie go on to live a happy life in Seattle with Joe.
<EOS>
Bugs again challenges Cecil after viewing footage from their previous encounter two years earlier.
Bugs then goes.
Cecil  not fooled by the disguise  so tells him.
He remarks that his streamlined shell lets him win  and produces a set.
The turtle ends the conversation and another thing  Rabbits are nt very bright  either.
Not getting the hint  Bugs builds the device and prepares.
The turtle s story is a humbug.
Meanwhile  the bunny mob learns and places all its bets on Bugs.
The race begins.
Bugs easily outpaces his reptilian rival.
However   the dim-witted gangsters mistake him for the turtle.
Cecil reinforces this misconception.
<EOS>
Seo-hyun is an ordinary housewife.
Life is a series of banal routines.
She is well provided.
Her sheltered life is suddenly threatened.
U-in approaches Seo-hyun and attraction evolves.
Seo-hyun is aware.
She can not help herself and the new feelings.
Are stirring.
<EOS>
The United States military loses control.
Contains a biological weapon.
The weapon escapes near Los Angeles and begins to terrorize the populace.
Police Lieutenant McLemore is given the job.
It kills more people and escapes.
<EOS>
Jack Rundle works and falls in love with Nellie Fallon  his father s ward  Nellie Fallon.
He falls to find himself an outcast.
When he goes.
Years later he finds his brother.
Ted has married Nellie.
He then kills himself.
<EOS>
The film opens from the Book of Psalms  Psalm 826 -7  I have said  Ye are gods.
All are children of the most High.
But ye shall die  and fall like one of the princes.
The monks  peaceful routine is soon interrupted by the threat of Islamic fundamentalists.
The monks divide on the question of.
When Christian  their elected leader  declines the protection.
Whether to stay or flee Algeria.
A group  led by Ali Fayattia  enters the monks  compound in force on Christmas Eve and demands their doctor and his medical supplies.
A decision is reached.
Christian refuses their requests and cites the Quran.
Fayattia leaves the compound and grants it his protection until his capture  torture and death at the hands of government forces.
The monks come to consensus on the moral importance of maintaining their committed lives with  and ministry to  the local population.
When faced.
Ultimately  the terrorists seize most during a nighttime raid and hold them hostage.
The film concludes  bravely written in the face of death.
The captive monks trudge a snowy path.
Fallibleblogma. 
<EOS>
Shibuya declared independence.
Now Itasu monsters roam Shibuya.
Mostly looks when Tasuku was a kid.
Tasuku  now a young man playing acoustic guitar music saves a young girl  Shoko.
Shoko has amnesia.
There is a rumor.
When Shibuya is filled  it will return to Japan through a rainbow.
The girl Shoko is not the first sample.
They are all.
5 years ago Shibuya declared its independence.
An earthquake destroyed most of the buildings.
The evil Irusaibu rules Shibuya.
The people has become obsessed.
Where 2 or more individuals plays music directly into the brain of the opponent.
Tasuku saves a young girl  Shoko.
She has amnesia and lives.
Meanwhile Shoko and her surroundings are monitored.
There is a rumor.
When all sings  it will return to Japan through a rainbow.
It is soon revealed.
Shoko has a great voice.
Many more games follow.
<EOS>
Carpathia  1851  Elvira and her maidservant Zou Zou   get kicked out of an inn for a slight monetary discrepancy.
She is rescued.
Who takes her to stay.
The fact opens a can.
She happens to resemble the count s former missing wife.
<EOS>
The movie begins.
Is melting.
It continues to melt.
Puppy Paws is the fun-loving son.
Who gets tired and finds Budderball on Santa s naughty list for eating the Thanksgiving turkey and figures he s just the dog to show him how to be an ordinary puppy.
The film then moves forward.
The other Buddies   believe.
Who also do nt have any Christmas spirit.
Their father is Santa Paws and that the naughty list is a way to scare them to behave.
However  Sniffer replies.
Christmas is about giving and a holiday they must learn to respect.
The Christmas Icicle makes a big crack and shuts off the power and makes the reindeer weak and powerless.
Therefore   the Buddies want Puppy Paws to leave.
But  they learn and decide to treat him.
Puppy Paws is nt hurting them as they are hurting themselves.
Suddenly  Puppy Paws gets dognapped and takes him to the pound.
There  Puppy Paws meets a puppy named Tiny.
Who is wishing and sings a song about miracles  which teaches Puppy Paws himself.
The Buddies  along named Eddy  have come to the rescue.
Still in the pound  the elf dog speaks to Cruge.
His mother was allergic and never got one  and become a dog catcher.
Made Cruge hate Christmas.
Eddy becomes free.
An elf named.
Eli  Christmas spirit returns  the Christmas Icicle stops melting  and the North Pole is back  with Puppy Paws and the Buddies making it to the North Pole.
The reindeer are not able to fly.
Puppy Paws and the Buddies volunteer to save Christmas.
A changed Mr Cruge brings Tiny over.
Who has been asking.
Santa Claus and Santa Paws arrive  Puppy Paws becomes part of Santa s family.
Fernfield and Santa makes the Buddies.
The Buddies say farewell.
Mr Cruge is invited with Tiny s new family.
The movie ends.
<EOS>
A young law student  Armand becomes smitten  Marguerite.
Marguerite is constantly surrounded.
Whom she entertains.
She also has consumption and is frequently beset.
Armand sees Marguerite and  later  pursues her.
When he attends one.
She rejects his advances  but eventually returns his affection.
The two live happily.
Together until Armand s father  seeking to protect his family s reputation  convinces Marguerite to end the relationship.
She finally relents and runs away  leaving a note for Armand.
He is shattered.
When Armand finds the note.
The sorrow eventually turns to rage.
He decides to plunge  associating himself with Olympe  another courtesan.
He publicly denounces her.
When he sees Marguerite.
Marguerite gives up her life and quickly finds herself in massive debt.
Her illness also takes a heavy toll.
Eventually   her furniture and belongings are repossessed.
She lies dying.
She persuades the men taking her belongings to allow her to keep her most precious possession  a book Armand gave.
Armand is summoned  but arrives.
After Marguerite has died.
The film moves the setting to 1920s Paris  and includes many lavish Art Deco sets  including that of Marguerite s apartment.
Natacha Rambova   was the movie s art director.
Who would later become Valentino s second wife.
<EOS>
Set immediately.
Have been waging a vendetta.
Tokugawa Ieyasu  the ruler of Japan and the founder of the Tokugawa Shogunate  perceives the threat posed by the two clans.
Attempting to consolidate his reign  he deliberately stirs up their feud.
To fight.
Designated respectively  Kouga Gennosuke and Oboro   are unwillingly embroiled in the political plot.
Who have secretly married.
Hence  they have to make a difficult decision.
Initially  being peaceful and knowing the preciousness  they try their utmost to prevent this meaningless and brutal fight by questioning the shogunate s motives.
However  they gradually accept their fate.
Kouga Gennosuke chooses not to defend himself and allows his lover Oboro to kill him  thus letting the clan of Iga win.
Meanwhile  Ieyasu sends his armies to exterminate the ninja villages.
To accomplish Gennosuke s hope  Oboro implores Tokugawa Ieyasu not to destroy the villages and  as a show of her sincerity  blinds herself  thereby destroying her most powerful weapons  her eyes called nihongo.
Which possess a deadly technique.
Moved profoundly withdraws his armies and issues an injunction to protect the ninja villages.
The villages live peacefully.
<EOS>
Ami Hyuga is an average high school girl.
Whose world comes crashing down when her brother Yu and his friend Takeshi Sugihara are killed.
She discovers.
Ami tracks.
The bullies are associated.
She goes.
They brutally overpower her  cutting off her left arm.
Ami escapes and seeks garage mechanics.
Who fit her.
Ami and Miki go  massacring them one by one.
Their victims  families  meanwhile  band together to get revenge.
Eventually  they reach the yakuza s hiding place.
Miki loses her right foot and eventually dies.
The fight continues.
Ami loses her machine gun doing her fight  but gets Miki s chainsaw.
Finding Sho to keep Ami at bay  his mother Violet Kimura manages to disarm Ami while attempting to kill her with her drill bra.
However  noticing one himself  Ami takes advantage and trips Violet onto the urine  electrocuting her.
She then kills Sho.
Feeling  she attempts to commit suicide.
She has nothing left to live.
However  Ami hears noise behind her and turns  sword at the ready.
<EOS>
Three men make a wager.
Which one will have sex.
They hire an obese and flamboyant gay man to be the judge and keep tally.
They get 7 ugly women.
One man comments.
These women look from a Coffin Joe movie.
The men gather them.
The competition begins.
One man decides to quit the competition and return home.
Whom he finds having sexual intercourse in Brazil s first scene of cinematic zoophilia.
Her husband takes revenge.
Whom the man persuades to penetrate him.
Most sexual events are narrated and critiqued.
The judge counts the scores.
When the 24 hour period expires.
The score is tied.
They are encouraged.
The judge announces the tie-breaker would involve the men performing acts.
The duo flees.
The beach house pursued as the end screen appears.
<EOS>
The movie depicts the three months.
Choong-nyung becomes king.
The Annals   leaves out records of this crucial period.
Follows the history.
Advancing the country s scientific research and law  he was known to be a bit of a reclusive bookworm.
<EOS>
Severine Serizy  a young and beautiful housewife  is unable to share physical intimacy despite their love for each other.
Her sexual life is restricted to elaborate fantasies involving domination  sadomasochism  and bondage.
He respects her wishes.
Frustrated. 
They meet two friends  Henri Husson and Renee.
Visiting a ski resort.
Severine does not like Husson s manner and the way.
He looks.
Back  Severine meets up with Renee and learns.
A mutual friend  Henrietta  now works.
Severine receives roses from Husson and is unsettled by the gesture.
She meets Husson and they discuss Henrietta and houses of pleasure.
Husson mentions a high-class brothel Cite Jean de Saumer.
He also confesses his desire.
Severine rejects his advances.
Haunted  Severine goes to the high-class brothel.
Is run.
That afternoon Severine services her first client.
Reluctant  she responds to the firm hand of Madame Anais.
Who names her ` Belle de Jour   and has sex.
Severine returns to the brothel and begins working from two to five oclock each day  returning to her unsuspecting husband in the evenings.
One day Husson comes to visit her.
Severine refuses to see him.
Still she fantasizes.
Ironically  Severine s physical relationship is improving.
She begins sleeping.
Severine becomes involved.
Who offers her the kind of her fantasies.
Severine decides to leave the brothel.
When Marcel becomes increasingly jealous and demanding.
Severine is also concerned.
Who knows.
One follows Severine to her home.
Soon Marcel visits her and threatens to reveal her secret life.
Severine pleads to leave her home.
He does.
Marcel waits downstairs to return home and shoots him three times before escaping.
He is eventually tracked down and shot dead.
Severine s husband survives  but is left.
The police are unable to find a motive.
Sometime later Severine is at home taking care.
Who is now completely paralyzed.
Husson visits him and tells Pierre the truth  she does not try to stop him.
Afterwards  Severine dreams.
Her husband is healthy again.
They are happy.
<EOS>
The film begins in southern Tamil Nadu.
Duraisingam  is the honest police inspector.
He resolves most with non-violence and mutual counselling.
He uses force only.
When the situation demands it  thereby gaining much reputation and love.
Mahalingam is an industrialist and a friend of Singam s father.
He comes.
Eventually Singam and Kavya fall with each other.
Everything seems to be.
Chennai-based Mayil Vaaganam  a big-time extortionist who blackmails people by complaining to the Income Tax Department  is required to travel to Nallur to sign a conditional bail.
He instead  sends one to do the formalities  much to the anger and rage of Singam sign the bail in person.
Who demands Mayil.
Humiliated  Mayil reaches Nallur but is unable to take any revenge.
Using his political contacts  he gets Singam transferred to teach him a lesson.
Singam  unaware  joins Thiruvanmiyur police station.
His co-worker  Sub-Inspector Ravi  hates Mayil but is unable to take any action because of Mayil s political powers.
The assistant commissioner  Singam s senior  is and takes care in concealing and eliminating the evidence of Mayil s crimes from the eyes of the law.
The police commissioner also does not help Singam.
Warns him to stay away from Mayil s case.
Unable to take in his stronghold  Singam wants to return to his village but is stopped by Kavya.
Who encourages him to fight and not run like a coward.
Being mentally tortured  Singam arrests Mayil s henchman in a fake case of illegally smuggling alcohol.
He thwarts off the assistant commissioner.
When the assistant commissioner  bounded to Mayil  tries to protect the henchman.
Meanwhile Mayil kidnaps Kavya s younger sister.
Rescuing her  successfully traces the origins of the kidnapping racket to Mayil.
Singam also gets promoted.
Mahalingam   softens up and agrees to give him Kavya s hand.
Who was hostile.
The police officers   decide to help Singam fight Mayil.
They manage to kill Mayil s henchman at an hospital and begin to target everyone and everything related to Mayil.
Mayil starts targeting everyone close to Singam  including Kavya   and Ravi.
Whom he shoots but is saved.
Who is hacked by Mayil s henchmen.
To escape the arrest warrant issued out  Mayil kidnaps the Karnataka Home Minister s daughter.
He falsely tells Singam.
He is going to Pondicherry when actually he is going to Nellore in Andhra Pradesh to put the police off the track.
However Singam manages to pursue them.
Where he rescues the home minister s daughter and kills Mayil.
The film ends.
When Singam is stopped briefly and assigned an undercover mission  to which he gladly agrees.
<EOS>
The film opens.
Three teenage boys are holding a knife.
They are demanding his wedding ring.
He is begging.
The boy holding the knife says.
He ca nt do it.
Another boy draws a pistol  says God Forgive me  and shoots him.
The three boys run out.
The scene then cuts.
The prosecuting attorney explains.
Smart coerced the boys.
The scene then cuts.
Where Gregg Smart calls the home.
He tells her.
He got a job  and that she should pack her bags.
She notices.
When he arrives.
He cut his hair  and expresses her disapproval.
The next scene shows their wedding.
She tells her new.
They are about to drive off.
She is thankful that they have been so good.
Pamela soon applies  but is turned down.
She then gets a job at a high school.
Where she begins an Anti-Drug campaign.
She meets several students  including Billy Flynn and Cecelia Pierce.
She drives Cecelia and Billy home  dropping off Cecelia first.
They learn.
When Billy and Pam are alone.
Pam says  & met the band then.
She used to work.
Later on  Billy  Pam  and Cecelia learn.
Has a cash prize and a trip.
They decide to make a music video  Billy being the cameraman.
Cecelia expresses her interest of going into a similar field to Pam.
Who offers to let her be her intern.
Cecelia accepts  and tells Pam.
Billy has a major crush.
Pam and Billy go to a nightclub together  despite Bobby s mother s disapproval.
Pam asks Billy.
If she could shower  he says that was okay.
Afterward  Billy and Pam talk soon begin to kiss each other passionately.
Pam soon pulls away and tells Billy.
She s married.
However  soon Billy is.
He tells his friend.
He is going to Pam s and.
Her husband is out.
Billy says.
When asked if they plan to have sex.
I hope so.
They do end up going upstairs and having sex for the first time.
She tells him.
When Pam is driving Billy home one day.
They have to break up.
Billy asks her why.
She says.
Greg rarely goes out  and that she wants to be with Billy always.
She tells him.
The only way they could be together is if he murders her husband.
Billy suggests  but she says.
She divorces Gregg.
All they own is made out.
He would get all.
He also has had a history  and is afraid for her safety.
She leaves him.
She tells him.
He will also pay his friends $ 1000 to kill her husband.
Billy says he.
His friends will kill Gregg  but both times he does nt.
Pam reacts  and threatens to tell Gregg of the whole situation.
Billy tells his friends.
He would commit suicide if he lost Pam.
They succeed in killing him.
Pam adamantly claims  nor was he involved.
When questioned.
Her husband was not a violent person.
Meanwhile  an anonymous caller tells the Police.
Cecelia knew.
The police immediately question Cecelia.
Who eventually admits.
Billy & his friends are arrested.
Is Pam.
Billy is offered a reduced sentence.
He testifies.
His friends talk him.
The movie ends again.
The jury finds Pamela to be guilty.
She is sentenced.
<EOS>
A group are brought together by Marie-Octobre  the code name of Marie-Helene Dumoulin.
The former members have carried on with their lives after the war.
This evening they are going to have to live again a fateful night - the night their leader was killed.
He had been betrayed  his name.
The search puts each personality in the spotlight - and also that of the killed leader  Castille.
<EOS>
Set during the final days of the Japanese occupation in 1944  the movie is about the confrontation between the Japanese occupying force and the Communist Party of Malaya.
Four friends - Ahmad  Osman  Puteh and Harun choose to serve the Japanese Police Force.
Order to survive.
Amidst a sea  Ahmad falls in love.
Siew Lan and Puteh falls - both girls from different worlds  different cultures  even opposing sides.
And Osman - a friend and a spy for the Japanese Police - chooses to serve his own agenda.
Swee Lan s father is a local leader and has asked Swee Lan to establish a love relationship with Ahmad so as to gather intelligence of the Japanese movements.
However  Swee Lan really falls with Ahmad and thus begins a deep struggle within her.
She has to either obey her father or betray her lover.
Ahmad   sees the high handedness of the Japanese.
He does not want to be a part.
They are all the same.
One character says.
Whether it is the British  the Japanese or the communist.
But at least the communist are fighting to free us.
<EOS>
A brash American actor  Robin Grange  goes to feature in a major new play.
The playwright is having an intense affair with the leading lady  Hilary Rule.
His wife suspects.
Her husband is cheating and can not suppress her rage.
Robin comes up.
Felix agrees  but soon faces a dilemma.
That he feels increasingly jealous  especially when he charms Hilary and the other members of the production and becomes too popular at Felix s expense.
Felix is caught  prompting him to seek revenge on the opening night of his new production.
<EOS>
Immensely popular Democratic President Andrew Shepherd is preparing to run.
The President and his staff  led.
J.
MacInerney  attempt to consolidate the administration s 63 % approval rating.
However  support is tepid  conservatives do not want it.
Liberals think.
It is too weak.
Though  Shepherd s re-election is presumed.
It passes.
Shepherd resolves to announce the bill  and the Congressional support to pass it.
Shepherd - widowed - is placed in an awkward predicament.
When his wife died.
When his cousin  with whom he had planned to attend the dinner  gets sick.
The President s attention soon focuses.
Shepherd and Wade are immediately intrigued by each other.
Shepherd strikes a deal with Wade   he will deliver the last ten.
She can secure 24 votes by the date of the State of the Union.
Whatever his personal feelings  he expresses this to his staff  especially the pragmatic A.
J.
Move. 
He believes.
Wade will not be able to get enough votes to meet her side  thus releasing Shepherd from responsibility if the bill fails to pass.
Later that evening   Shepherd invites Wade to the state dinner.
The couple fall in love.
He steps up his attacks  focusing on Wade s activist past and maligning Shepherd s ethics and his family values.
When the Republican presidential hopeful Bob Rumson learns the President s got a girlfriend.
The President refuses to respond.
Drives his approval ratings lower and costs him crucial political support.
Shepherd and McInerney are conflicted.
Wade clearly had no idea  much less that they might actually use this information in their favor and against her environmental bill.
Eventually  Wade does manage to get enough votes to meet her part.
However   Shepherd s team discovers.
He is exactly three votes short  to acquire them except by shelving the environmental bill  thus solidifying the support of the three Congressmen from Michigan - which he agrees to do.
This results for Wade  as well as seemingly jeopardizing her political reputation.
She is immediately fired  as she failed to achieve her objectives.
She visits the White House to break up and says.
She has a job possibility.
He tells.
Her politics is making choices  his number one priority has always been the crime control bill  and that he does not want to lose her.
She congratulates him.
Will help fight crime.
She concludes  Mr President  you have bigger problems - you ve just lost my vote.
He is to deliver his State to Congress.
He declares.
He will send the controversial environmental bill with a massive 20 % cut in fossil fuels - far more than the 10 % originally envisaged - and that he is withdrawing his support for the weak crime bill  promising to write a stronger one in due time.
He even promises gun control  in an attempt at root-and-branch solving of America s problems.
His passionate and erudite defense  galvanizes the press and his staff.
Which he believes  to his earlier passive behavior.
Shepherd declares.
I m not leaving  but Wade enters the Oval Office.
I get her back.
He can leave.
The couple is reconciled.
The President  accompanied  leaves to give his State of the Union Address.
The movie ends.
<EOS>
The Film is based.
The backdrop is Mumbai underworld.
Maqbool is a right hand man.
Maqbool is grateful and feels a close connection and personal indebtedness.
The movie gains pace.
Maqbool would soon take over reins from Abba Ji.
These two thus play a role akin.
Nimmi is Abba Ji s mistress.
She secretly loves Maqbool.
Maqbool loves Nimmi  too.
Nimmi also encourages Maqbool s ambitions and persuades him to kill Abba Ji to take over as don.
Maqbool is torn.
He begins to prepare the ground.
Others can not interfere.
Finally   Maqbool murders Abba Ji in cold blood.
He is bed  with Nimmi next to him.
Maqbool gets away and takes over as don  just as planned.
Both he and Nimmi are haunted.
There is also suspicion.
Eventually the 2 lovers meet.
The film offers performances by supporting cast members  in particular Om Puri and Naseeruddin Shah.
Who open the film as black comic relief corrupt police inspectors-cum-astrologers  who predict the fall of Abba Ji -- who has them on his payroll -- and the rise and fall of Maqbool.
Contrary  the corrupt cops are not just passive soothsayers.
<EOS>
The film starts.
The letter has been published and has received much attention in England.
The army agrees to send Sassoon to Craiglockhart War Hospital  a psychiatric facility in Scotland  rather than court-martialling him.
A former anthropologist turned psychiatrist.
Who encourages his patients to express their war memories so that they can heal their nerves.
There is no clear main character.
There is more focus  notably  Billy Prior  Siegfried Sassoon and Dr Rivers himself.
A very important secondary character  Wilfred Owen  is linked.
Prior   presents a challenge to Dr Rivers.
Who gradually discovers that the loss is the result of a traumatic experience in the trenches.
Prior spends his spare time going in search of sex  eventually beginning a relationship with Sarah  a munitions worker.
He too has anti-war sentiments and refers.
Have caused him to distrust the military authorities.
Sassoon s letter is read and is dismissed.
He is considered mentally unstable.
He begins to become friends.
Owen aspires to be a poet as well.
He greatly respects Sassoon s work  Sassoon agrees to help Owen.
Meanwhile  Doctor Rivers has taken a leave from the hospital and visits Dr Lewis Yealland s practice in London.
Dr Yealland treats his patients.
Need to be repaired as quickly.
Rivers sits on a private named Callan.
Who   has lost his speech.
Rivers is at first repulsed.
Back  he starts to question his own method of therapy.
His patients take long to recover and sometimes actually suffer.
Sassoon has also come.
He decides to return.
He still disagrees.
Order to care.
Both Graves and Rivers are pleased.
Rivers is torn apart by conflicting feelings.
Sassoon s views have not changed in the slightest.
As such he still fulfills the qualification.
Landed him.
Sassoon did not truly qualify as mentally ill in the first place.
He strongly wishes to return.
He qualifies Sassoon  and thereby qualified to return to war.
When his opinion is needed.
Prior escapes a return to the Front.
When he goes and is found to have a weak chest.
The final scenes show Wilfred Owen s death and Rivers  despair on hearing of it.
<EOS>
Terroll Lessor  a computer genius  decides to use his skills against reprehensible parts of society.
Along  he gains embarrassing information on people and exposes this information to the public.
Whom he believes to be immoral.
This garners the attention  and results in copy-cat crimes by others.
Who wish him harm.
Who admire him.
<EOS>
Goofy is seen.
He plans fishing  basking on the beach  dude ranching  golfing  boating  and hunting in the North Woods.
As soon  Goofy races to his car and heads out on the highway.
The clock strikes 12 noon.
The film follows a series of vignettes showing Goofy s many travel problems  all accompanied by sarcastic comments from the narrator.
The first problem is getting stuck.
Goofy faces.
He ca nt seem to pass.
The same trailer continues to follow Goofy  yet always remains one step and causes most of his problems.
Goofy is eventually able to pass the trailer  but is alarmed to see no one driving the car.
He speeds away to avoid the car and trailer.
Is running out.
Goofy is then arrested and is finally seen in jail.
Happy. 
<EOS>
The local station is besieged.
When open auditions are announced.
Also auditioning is an impressive-sounding musical aggregation called the International Silver String Submarine Band.
Turns out to be none other  equipped with home-made instruments.
The gang step up to the microphone and steal the show with a truly unforgettable rendition of The Daring Young Man on the Flying Trapeze.
<EOS>
Set  the film tells the tale of shy career woman  Rinko  and Shigehiko  her hygiene-obsessed  workaholic husband.
The couple explore their sexuality  causing their lives to be disrupted.
<EOS>
They have no idea.
When the East Side Kids rescue Sylvia.
Which they are getting themselves.
The Kids take Sylvia.
Morley is killed for stealing his money.
He takes it and uses the ` incriminating evidence  to extort the East Side Kids into working for him.
When McGaffey spots the broken leg.
Danny   runs back to her apartment to gather some of her clothes  however  he is caught by a police officer.
Who arrests him.
McGaffey forces Mugs to break for the chair leg.
He used to knock Morley and could point the police in his direction for the murder.
<EOS>
Ajay Shastri is an unemployed  honest graduate.
Who dreams.
His father  Raghuvansh Shastri is a highly principled and moralistic man.
An ex-schoolteacher and Gandhi follower  now a social activist  Prof.
Shastri expects his son to follow and believe in his ideals and values.
A rift emerges.
When his father s ideals start clashing.
Ajay bribes higher officials to get his name and  with his friend  he gets Rs.
5 lakh loan as well.
Ajay and his friend decide to kidnap a government official to repay the amount.
When things go awry.
Ajay loves Megha  a smart and educated young woman.
Who is also.
Their worlds are far apart.
The kidnap goes wrong.
It turns out.
The official is.
Tabrez Alam is a powerful and influential minority leader.
Tabrez runs a parallel government  an empire.
Lives off money and fear and one which Tabrez has.
Murders  extortion  bribery and  above all  kidnappings are just some.
Ajay and his friends are brought under police custody.
It is.
They are tortured.
Ajay pleads to save him and promises to do anything for him and to be of a great use in future.
DSP saves him.
He is pissed off for not getting his share of trading and creating pressure for his transfer.
Ajay then kidnaps Sooraj Mal  one.
This infuriates.
Tabrez as he had previously ordered Gaya Singh to kidnap Sooraj Mal to make his power felt but failed because of his high security.
Gaya Singh goes frantic and goes to kill the person upon information provided by DSP Shukla.
He is surprised to find Ajay.
Who kills him.
He surrenders himself  and requests him to take him into his gang.
Tabrez sees potential and soon Ajay starts running Tabrez s entire empire.
He takes Ajay in and places him higher than his own brother Usmaan.
Swimming  Ajay becomes the state s most powerful gangster and  under Tabrez s authority  the head of Bihar s most successful kidnapping trade.
Ajay consolidates.
The state s home becomes the hottest news.
Minister s wife is caught.
The home minister offers Ajay to join him and leave Tabrez Alam  Ajay refuses.
He then provides the taped conversation and Ajay to Tabrez to make a rift between them.
Meanwhile  news correspondent Akash Ranjan calls a press conference to clarify the scandal.
Tabrez sends Ajay to kill Akash.
That he would bring a no-confidence motion  bringing its fall.
He would come by taking advantage of the political instability.
Ajay is contacted.
Who makes him aware.
Ajay reaches the press conference venue only to find.
The real person is his father.
He leaves and is confronted by DSP Shukla sent by Tabrez to kill him.
Ajay surrenders himself and gives his statement revealing everything after killing DSP Shukla.
This report is presented by the commissioner of police citing Tabrez Alam s arrest warrant.
The home minister makes a deal  citing the evidence against him.
Both join hands to form new government.
SP Khan is sorry.
All his efforts are ruined.
Ajay goes home one last time.
Where he watches his father reminiscing and make amends with him after knowing how much he loved him.
He goes back.
Where Tabrez comes to meet him.
He gloats at the jail.
Ajay has a gun.
He shoots Tabrez.
They converse.
Tabrez s men shoot.
Ajay and the film ends.
<EOS>
A little boy is feeding ducks and chases one.
Leads him.
The little boy finds.
A bullfrog witch tells him a story.
<EOS>
The story begins.
Where a troll named Stanley resides.
Stanley has a magical green thumb producing beautiful flowers.
The other trolls take him a prisoner.
When he is discovered doing so.
Who concludes that Stanley gives a bad name everywhere and demands that he be turned to stone.
Gnorga instead banishes Stanley to Central Park.
Where   Stanley hides himself under a bridge.
Two children named  whereupon  being left alone  Gus takes Rosie to the Park himself.
Gus and Rosie learn that their father and mother are busy and can not take them.
Rosie discovers Stanley  and befriends him.
Playing. 
She causes Gus to cry a raging sea to drown them all  but Stanley changes Gus s toy.
When Queen Gnorga discovers that Stanley is happy.
Wherein to escape.
Therein shows the children a vision.
Manifest. 
Determined to suppress Stanley  Queen Gnorga sends a tornado to destroy Central Park  and seizes Rosie  whereupon Gus  having failed to persuade Stanley s help  goes to face Gnorga and rescue Rosie.
Gnorga changes Gus into a troll.
Stanley rescues Rosie.
Having arrived  Stanley challenges Gnorga.
When Stanley gains advantage  places roses.
Gnorga uses Gus to turn Stanley  whereupon Gus and Rosie fall into their apartment and the last of Stanley s power changes Gnorga into a rose bush.
Stanley  Gus  and Rosie escape.
Gnorga  Llort  and their dog then return.
Gus returns.
The next day  Gus  Rosie  and their parents enter Central Park   only to find him revived.
Where Gus and Rosie place the petrified Stanley  and attempt to revive him without apparent effect.
Restored  the troll recreates Central Park and covers Manhattan with flowering plants.
Llort takes Gnorga s place as a kinder ruler.
<EOS>
Struan s is in trouble.
Overextended  new Tai-Pan Ian Dunross has had to issue public stock to improve the company s standing.
Regardless  he is courting a private investor  American billionaire Linc Bartlett.
Bartlett decides secretly to back Dunross  arch enemy  Quillian Gornt.
Who will stop to destroy Struan s.
He must urgently forge new alliances or reshape ancient ones.
When Dunross realises that Gornt is suddenly strong enough to ruin the Noble House.
He romances Bartlett s second-in-command  Casey Tcholok.
A subplot involves the missing half.
Whoever possesses.
It may ask any favour.
Half the coin is acquired.
Who aims to ask the Tai-Pan to help him smuggle cocaine.
Wu and Bartlett are killed.
Wu s son redeems his father s stolen.
Dunross gains access.
Whose funding allows him to foil Gornt s scheme.
Tcholok becomes head  allying the organization with Struan s.
<EOS>
The locals are terrified and surprised by how young he is.
When infamous hired gunman John Gant arrives.
He points out.
Sheriff Buck Hastings would like to arrest Gant.
Gant always coerces his rivals to draw their gun first  allowing him to kill them legally.
Luke Canfield  the town blacksmith and doctor  greets Gant and is totally unaware as a hired gunman.
The men speculate anxiously about Gant s target.
Luke demonstrates his perfect aim with a maul.
Luke proudly takes Gant through town and agrees to join him later for a game of chess.
Luke s fiancee  Anne Benson  tends to her father  Judge Benson.
Who suffers.
Luke s father Asa joins them.
Which Buck arrives to warn Luke to stay away.
Asa cautions Buck not to condemn Gant prematurely.
Buck is reluctant to accept his advice and reveals.
He feels he will be powerless.
Later  mine owners Earl Stricker and Thad Pierce assume.
Their partner  Ben Chaffee  has hired Gant to kill them in order to take sole ownership.
However  Gant observes  and turns them away.
When they find Gant and propose a.
No innocent man would be afraid.
Stricker and Pierce were seen talking.
They want to kill him.
He questions Luke.
The physician walks  noting and locked doors.
Luke fails to calm him.
The townsmen are all hiding.
Luke confronts Gant  asking him.
Clerk Lou Fraden and his wife Roseanne discuss their certainty that her ex-husband has sent Gant to kill them.
He has come.
Impressed  Gant explains.
He believes that Luke  who saves the lives  is less ethical than he.
A panicked Pierce shoots himself and dies later that night.
They talk.
Luke accuses Gant of murder.
Gant refuses to leave.
When Buck tries to throw Gant out.
Gant shoots him and renders him useless.
When the sheriff pulls a gun.
Gant did nt kill him.
It was because no one was paying him.
Later  Judge Benson advocates using vigilante law to throw out Gant  but.
Luke protests  suggests sacrificing the one man Gant is to save the rest of the town.
Meanwhile  Fraden  emboldened  confronts Gant.
Who calmly encourages him to draw his gun.
Fraden flees  leaving Luke to demand fruitlessly.
Gant leave town.
Next  Stricker gathers the townsmen to challenge Gant.
He agrees to lead them  hoping to minimize the possible violence.
Luke disapproves.
Gant  angered to see Luke backed  warns the men.
If they shoot him he will still live long enough to kill Luke  Reeger  Asa  Stricker and several other town leaders.
The men disband silently.
Later  Luke confesses.
He likes Gant.
The judge warns him.
Gant s viciousness is a progressive disease that he can not cure.
The next day  Gant approaches Anne and questions her about her home life  but will not reveal his target.
The judge speculates to Luke.
If the hunted man refused to defend himself  Gant could be legally arrested.
Luke declares.
No man could die.
Chafee and his men begin a shootout with Stricker.
Results. 
Sickened  Sheriff Hastings takes off his badge and drops it on the street.
He can not deal.
Anne   reads a letter locked.
Who has grown suspicious the judge.
Reveals a past crime.
Realizing the likelihood  she goes with a gun.
Gant has been hired to kill her father.
Gant bluffs her.
Her gun is unloaded and then easily takes it away.
Anne declares.
The judge will not defend himself  prompting Gant to rip off a piece.
There is more than one way to make a man pick up a gun.
Gant goes and tells him.
His friends send their respects.
The old man admits his past guilt and tells Gant  the governor  and several other wealthy and powerful men.
He knows enough to send himself.
All is wait and nature.
They have to do.
Will do Gant s job.
Unfortunately  his old associates are impatient.
The Judge refuses to fight.
Gant then shows him the piece and implies.
He has raped her.
The old judge is angered enough to grab a rifle and follow Gant outside.
The old man has severe coughing and fires a wild shot.
Luke arrives and sees Gant.
Gant shot the old man.
Luke starts to throw a hammer.
Gant shoots him.
Luke uses his left arm to throw a hammer.
Gant is walking away.
He is struck and breaking it.
As Gant turns around.
That Gant can no longer shoot.
Asa tells Luke.
Gant laboriously mounts his horse.
The old man was not shot.
Luke offers to tend.
Gant replies.
Everything comes away.
<EOS>
Don Robson started.
A boys football team called Athletico Greenwich.
Twenty years later six are still playing for the team.
Things have become so much more complicated.
Cass  the team s top scorer  is nt sure.
He s ready with Kate  the love of his life.
Adam still has nt told the rest.
He s gay.
Colin is desperate to have a threesome.
Though he s just started going out.
Dylan is with the woman.
His father is about to marry.
Billy is trying to save his marriage.
Johnny is not ready to accept the fact.
His father  who started the team all those years ago  is dying.
This is not a film.
It is the Sunday football team that keeps this group together.
This is a film  and.
Childhood friends have to change as they mature.
` Channel 4 Film Review   Clare Poland  June.
<EOS>
A troubled police detective Huang Huo-tu suffers.
His life is falling apart.
He is relegated as a payback for blowing the whistle on corruption in the force.
His young daughter is suffering.
His colleagues have turned.
His wife Ching-fang is filing.
Huang is a Waisheng ren and speaks with heavy Cantonese accent.
He is also able to speak English and Tagalog.
Suddenly  a series baffle local investigators.
A Catholic priest also suffered a horrible death of disembowelment.
The priest is involved  so a FBI agent Kevin Richter is called in to help.
Huang is called in.
Kevin is the topmost serial killer expert  before being called to Taiwan  Kevin was puzzled by another series of murders in US.
Which all victims look willing to die.
The crime scenes imply involvement.
A businessman froze to death in his office - in the middle of a heatwave  the mistress of a prominent official calls the fire department and is later found burned to death - with no sign of fire in her apartment.
Richter partners Huang.
Who has less trouble believing that something supernatural is.
He persuades him to investigate a local cult.
Huang and Kevin find.
The serial killing follows a Taoist belief that one must fullfill five suffering required to become a Xian  an immortal being.
The one is born with double pupil.
Who can succeed the five rituals.
They also find.
All victims have done something  and that a kind of fungus was used to induce hallucination  pleasure and guilt which make victims kill themselves.
An advanced technology was used to spread the fungus.
The Police trace this technology.
The two boss has spent their fortune and technology to move a Taoist temple.
Where many cult believers gather.
The police enter the temple.
The die heart believers begin a ritualistic massacre.
Kills almost all police and believers.
Kevin and Huang find a seemingly innocent girl survivor.
The case seems to close.
However the next day Huang finds Kevin dead.
Is the fifth suffering required.
Huang find.
Both him and Kevin are infected by the girl.
Huang begins to hallucinate.
He holds.
Who is the mastermind the believers followed.
The girl is born and believes.
She can complete the fifth requirement and become immortal.
Huang kills the girl.
Is overwhelmed  but in the end he is allowed to return to his wife and child.
The film ends.
The first screened version is love.
Is immortal.
<EOS>
The film begins.
The impact knocks  causing it to land on a boombox.
The genie inside decides to make residence from there on in.
Meanwhile  a schoolboy named and chased down through the city of New Bronslin.
Max is confronted.
Max is chased.
Where he discovers the boombox and accidentally unleashes the genie inside.
The genie   tells Max and proves it by demonstrating his powers.
Who introduces himself.
He is now Max s genie.
Results. 
Max returns home to find.
His mother is marrying a fireman named Travis.
It s revealed.
His mother lied about his real father s whereabouts  and that he is actually located in the city.
Max set out to search in the hopes of rekindling some sort of bond between them.
He suddenly encounters Kazaam.
Who pesters Max.
Max eventually finds his father  only to learn.
He is a musical talent agent who specializes.
Max goes and tells Kazaam about his father.
They decide to have a bike race.
Which Kazaam shows off his powers.
Kazaam finally convinces Max to make his first wish.
Consists. 
Max suddenly realizes.
Eating all.
He owns Kazaam until he makes his last two wishes.
Max and Kazaam go out to see Max s father again.
Max is introduced by his father to the other employees of the agency and invited to a nightclub.
The owner shows interest in Kazaam upon the realization.
He is a genie.
He hopes to control Kazaam.
The next day  Kazaam stays and passes himself off as Max s tutor.
Max confesses.
He and his father are nt really connecting  though Kazaam attempts to shirk the issue.
Max attempts to wish to fall back in love.
Kazaam can not grant this wish  and therefore not free to grant ethereal wishes.
He is not a djinn.
Later that day  Max witnesses his father being assaulted and goes to Kazaam for help.
Kazaam just received a record deal and is unable to help Max out.
Max is kidnapped and takes possession of Kazaam s boombox.
Malik summons Kazaam in the hopes.
He will do his bidding.
He soon breaks free and defeats Malik and his minions.
Kazaam is initially powerless.
Kazaam transforms Malik and then slam dunks him into a garbage disposal.
However  he then finds Max s lifeless body  and wishes.
He could have granted Max s wish to give his father a second chance.
Then   Kazaam finally becomes a djinn  and is therefore able to do this for Max.
He pulls Max out of harm s way and carried out of the burning building by Travis.
Max s father then shows up and tells him.
He hopes to rekindle the bonding  before he takes off with authorities.
Kazaam is then last seen walking.
He does nt have a job  while  ecstatic over his newfound freedom.
<EOS>
A one-armed beggar receives a new limb.
Specializes. 
The new arm has a mind  though  and brings the man nothing but trouble.
<EOS>
A modern-day retelling.
A recently widowed man takes his granddaughter in for several weeks.
Her parents are out.
The granddaughter wants to take it back as a pet.
When a wild wolf shows up injured.
Her grandfather knows.
The wolf will eventually have to return.
<EOS>
Charlie pretends to be the dentist.
Only a dental assistant.
A patient ca nt stop laughing  so Charlie knocks him out with a club.
Charlie is then sent by the dentist  gets in a fight with a man  thus becoming another dental patient.
Who receives a brick.
He also pulls the skirt off.
She is outside walking.
Charlie pulls the wrong tooth from an unfortunate patient  using over sized pliers.
<EOS>
The Bowery Boys  landlady Mrs Kelly believes.
The theory is.
One can regress into a former life that they supposedly lived centuries ago.
The boys believe.
Noble is a phony until Sach manages to get himself hypnotized.
Evidently Sach once lived in Charleston  South Carolina.
Winklemanaged to receive a map.
<EOS>
During the French Revolution  a young woman named.
Celine  who was adopted  must choose between two men who have been raised like her brothers  Tarquin Larmor and Aurele de Kerfadec  while they take opposite sides in the conflict.
Tarquin  also adopted  is a partisan of the New Republic and defends the new political system  Aurele  the Count s natural son  supports the Royalist side.
Both sons are.
An insurgence of peasants  clergy  and aristocrats loyal to the Royalists stage a counterrevolution.
<EOS>
The Pink Panther is a pan handler.
Who finds a baby left behind.
He must find a way.
He must take care of the kid.
Who keeps crawling.
<EOS>
Pilar  a meek housewife living  gathers few belongings one night and flees her apartment with her seven year old son  Juan.
They find shelter.
Who would soon marry her Scottish live-in boyfriend.
Antonio  Pilar s husband  tries to make her change her mind.
She is tired and fearful.
Determined to start a new life  Pilar sends her sister to retrieve her belongings from the apartment.
She shared.
Once there  Ana discovers.
Her sister has also been physically abused.
They have a confrontation.
When he arrives.
Antonio still loves his wife.
He can not control his temper outburst.
Trying to bring Pilar back  he joins an anger management group.
Who would like to change their disruptive behavior.
The male therapist listens  guides them and gives Antonio a notebook in.
To express his feelings in order to understand them and control his anger.
Pilar finds a job in the gift shop of a church.
That is a touristic attraction and in which Ana works restoring some paintings.
Her new found.
Economical independence and the camaraderie awakens in Pilar a dormant interest in art.
She begins to study.
Order to become a tourist guide.
Pilar is initially fearful.
They are brought together.
When   Gloria  their mother  invites Antonio to Juan s birthday celebration.
Pilar is still very much in spite of his abusive behavior towards her.
Juan misses his father.
Pilar begins to soften her attitude.
Antonio explains.
When they had a chance to talk.
He wants to change.
He has enrolled.
He also has to deal as a salesman in an appliances store.
Pilar quickly warms up.
They begging to sneak out.
With the full support of her mother  brings Antonio along.
The two sisters have an argument.
Pilar tells Ana.
She is coming back to live.
Pilar and Antonio are happy to be back together.
Encouraged  Antonio still goes to his anger management therapy.
However he has to deal with his low paying job as appliance salesman in a store.
He feels threaten.
She is still working.
Pilar applies in a museum in Madrid.
They would have to leave.
Toledo and Antonio wants to stay put fearing that it would be difficult for him to find a better job.
Pilar efforts to convince him   falls.
If she gets the job the move it would be beneficial.
The day job interview.
Which she has he.
When a coworker is waiting.
Antonio explodes  mistreats her  tears up her clothes and locks her stark naked in the balcony for all the neighbors to see.
Pilar leaves Antonio for good.
She gets the job.
She wanted and begins to work.
<EOS>
The main couple  childlike Candice Marie and eccentric Keith  arrive and pitch their tent in a quiet spot suitable for appreciating nature s wonders while keeping other human beings safely at arm s length.
Their usual routine is rudely interrupted.
Who camps down nearby and switches.
Is treated.
They force Ray to turn it off.
Later   it begins to rain.
The couple notice a figure walking and give him a lift home.
Their relationship becomes increasingly tense and tempers flare  like a character in a farce.
When Keith notices Candice Marie exhibiting an unseemly interest - she crawls into his tent to show him stones she has collected on the beach  Keith explodes with jealous rage after spying on them.
Coveney  p.
103 Later  Ray is asked to take a photograph but is patronised by Keith and Candice Marie and is forced to participate in a song at Keith s behest.
Brummie couple Finger and Honky arrive.
Soon as some kind seems to have been restored.
Needless to say  Keith is tested.
Finally  Keith and Candice Marie leave the campsite to light a fire to cook some sausages.
Keith highly objects.
It contravenes the rules.
Resorts to stop it.
<EOS>
A spoiled child television star steals Sach and Duke s car.
The duo teach the kid a lesson.
Television executives   are impressed.
Who are disgruntled.
Who are then hired to watch.
The child s uncle/manager is not happy.
He gets the two fired and then kidnaps the boy  to cover up his stealing the boys earnings.
Sach and Duke then rescue him.
<EOS>
Two rival sisters  Alice and Elsa  have been apart.
Alice  a promising young artist  lives.
Her lover Franck  a boxer  has just moved.
Problems ensue.
When Elsa  a bored housewife  suddenly appears unannounced after leaving her cheating husband Thomas and their two children.
A menage-a-trois develops.
Elsa immediately begins trying to dominate their lives.
Alice wants the out-of-control Elsa   to leave  but then suddenly changes her mind  unable to bring herself to throw Elsa out.
Who disrupts their life.
To thank her  Elsa destroys her art studio  has sex  convinces him  and then ties Alice up in her apartment.
Alice is unbalanced.
<EOS>
The story circles.
Who is awaiting his selection.
But it was being delayed.
Who is backed up and has a prolonged vengeance against Sanjeev s father.
Sanjeev gets fed up  and locks up the Commissioner.
When things go.
Sanjeev gets selected and joins as a Sub-Inspector in a police station near his home town  and gets a lot of praise for his work in curbing crime in the city.
The Commissioner breaks out of his prison.
The rest shows.
Things turn out when they face each other again.
<EOS>
The film tells the story living on welfare with six children.
Who finds love.
The pair s relationship becomes complicated.
Are that the couple do not want to marry because they would not be able to support the children  and that the kids themselves.
He will leave their mother just like her previous husbands had.
Claudine and Rupert meet.
Both are at work.
Rupert asks Claudine out.
Claudine accepts.
The children are rude and vulgar.
When Rupert becomes invited.
This is also the first time.
The audience meets the children and sees the inside.
Later  the audience finds out.
Claudine receives financial aid through the welfare program.
Miss Kabak  the social worker  visits Claudine at her home and asks her.
She is employed and if she is dating anyone.
Claudine always denies Miss Kabak the truth and lies about being unemployed and single.
The amount.
Claudine tells the truth and says that she is employed.
She receives.
She could also no longer receive any more financial aid.
The social worker has to deduct any money or gifts.
Claudine dates anyone and receives gifts.
Claudine is receiving.
Then  later  Rupert receives a letter from the government relating to financial issues.
Rupert becomes so upset.
He disappears and loses contact with everyone.
He moves out  does not show up to work  and does not show up to the Father s Day celebration the children had prepared for him.
Charles eventually finds him drunk and angrily confronts him.
Charles is angry.
He left his mother.
Charles felt for Rupert  he engages in a physical fight with him.
Rupert eventually shows up outside of Claudine s apartment and speaks to her.
The couple talk things over and make up.
Debating over  the couple decide to marry.
Whether they should marry.
They hold a wedding ceremony.
It is interrupted.
When Charles runs while the police are chasing after him.
The couple and the rest run after Charles  leave the ceremony  and board the police wagon.
The film ends.
<EOS>
Focuses on five stuck elevators  each containing people inside them.
The people in each elevator deal with the isolation and containment in various ways.
<EOS>
Furniture designer Jim Fletcher quits his job in a fit of pique.
He decides.
England has nothing to offer him.
The future is in Australia.
He eagerly sets.
His wife and family are less than enthusiastic.
Practical and bureaucratic hitches continually threaten to derail the project.
Jim must also deal  finds himself missing his job  and starts to have doubts himself about the wisdom of the move.
However the snags and pitfalls are finally sorted out.
A firm departure date is set.
Then  the Fletchers  daughter meets  and instantly falls with  her ideal man.
Days before they are due to leave.
A good deal decide.
Whether or not to go ahead.
<EOS>
Brown s Steve Rogers is first shown sketching a portrait.
Who complains about a gang of muggers who have been stealing the proceeds from cashed Social Security checks.
He bids.
Her do this to set a trap for the muggers  and springs the trap as Captain America.
A free-lance revolutionary terrorist calling himself General Miguel  planning to fight an unspecified war  kidnaps a Professor Ian Ilson and forces him to resume his research in manipulative gerontology.
Ilson has managed to formulate both a chemical.
Accelerates aging and the antidote.
Miguel  posing  plans to use the chemicals in question to hold Portland hostage for a multi-million-dollar ransom.
<EOS>
The story takes place with a small Spanish village apparently plagued by.
What we would now call a serial killer.
Corpses are discovered bearing both savage mutilation and precise surgical incisions.
Clues point.
Who confesses  but claims that he is a victim of lycanthropy.
A scientist  Professor Philips  argues.
Romasanta suffers.
According to the end credits the film is based on a true story  that of Manuel Blanco Romasanta  Spain s first documented serial killer.
Conde is a descendant of the doctors involved the original Werewolf of Allariz court case.
Took place in Galicia  Spain.
He went on to write a fictional novel  The Uncertain Memoirs  Romasanta.
<EOS>
Jason JINX Taylor runs - the transaction fee will overdraw him.
He tries to access an ATM to retrieve his last twenty bucks.
He can not get his money out.
Jinx fumes.
Which complicate his life  as we realize that he is locked  with the beautiful but tied-up Jessica  her apparently a hostage.
But   we realize   it is Jessica  not Jinx.
Jinx rails and how they stack the deck.
The situation is very different.
Who is robbing the bank.
She is aligned.
Who leads an armed team.
However  Jinx s entry upsets the heist  leading him and Jessica to be inadvertently locked inside the vault.
Jinx has called.
The cops  who  led  have surrounded the bank.
Jinx makes contact by cell phone.
The situation becomes clearer.
Only she can open the vault door.
Simon becomes increasingly upset.
When he is unable to strong-talk Jinx.
And De Gepse is equally frustrated  particularly.
When it is Jinx  not he  who seems to gain control.
Jinx realizes - they both feel used.
He and Jessica actually think very much alike.
This new kinship leads them to plot an escape.
A call comes.
Jinx and Jessica realize.
Nick needs them to issue a PIN to access funds which have been skimmed over the course of years.
Jinx is able to manipulate both him and De Gepse.
Also making a deal to provide a PIN to go with Nick s account information.
Jinx manages to talk both cops and robbers  as freed hostages.
They slip away  to meet Nick and escape with their cut of the cash.
<EOS>
When Lt.
Wayne is framed  he vows to capture the real killer  a mysterious Arab terrorist known only as El Shaitan.
He is aided  Clancy  Renard  and Schmidt.
Nicknamed the Devil  El Shaitan leads a desert cult and a secret society against French authorities  with a meeting point called Devil s Circle.
He remains a shadowy figure  hiding his face and his true identity.
Which many people are mistakenly suspected  while other characters impersonate him for their own ends.
<EOS>
James and Paandu are porters.
Lost now.
They were inseparable friends before there is no love.
James is.
Kousalya  a mute  has feelings.
The owner hires James to steal a bag of money from himself.
He could abscond.
But his manager hires Paandu to steal the bag.
They become friends again and decide to split the money.
When James and Paandu lay their hands.
But the chit fund owner is found murdered.
They become the prime suspects.
Mouli comes to court and tell the truth.
He only killed Ravi because he would cheat many people.
James and Pandu are proven innocent.
<EOS>
Two blue-collar Easter Bunnies fired and try their hand  failing at each.
Get. 
Fighting depression  debt and eventually each other  their lives start to unravel.
They realize that they are nothing.
<EOS>
The film s slight storyline concerns a man.
Who has a violent quarrel.
Feeling totally upset  he wants to get away and decides to travel overland to Timbuktu with its legendary reputation as one of the most remote and mysterious places in the world.
As soon  she vows to do the same thing and challenges herself to arrive before him.
His fiancee learns.
Much is essentially taken up with travelogue sequences of African natives and habitats.
<EOS>
Alec Smart   applies to replace the previous headmaster and has just been sent to prison.
Who is engaged teaching.
Who has been convicted.
Smart appeals to write him a good reference.
He pretends.
Afterwards he writes his real recommendation.
Is very negative.
The trustee accidentally gets the two letters mixed up and delivers the one praising Smart.
Who works.
The appoints Smart to the job.
Who runs the Board.
This angers her deputy  Colonel Crableigh   the Deputy head.
Who had favoured promoting his nephew.
Smart is treated to a boisterous reception by the unruly students led by the Head Boy  Cyril Brown.
Who is the son.
Narkover proves to be a breeding ground.
Who prefer to spend their time playing cards rather than taking classes.
Smart himself ends up playing cards with the students.
He gets off.
Lady Dorking immediately takes a shine to him.
Crableigh begins engineering a scheme to have Smart dismissed and replaced.
Smart is approached by Faker Brown  just released from prison.
Who blackmails him.
Brown has his eye  in particular her diamond necklace.
She is due to be wearing.
It involves a dinner and a rugby match and the current students  with Smart persuaded to captain the school team.
Lady Dorking wears her best jewels.
She is shown some conjuring tricks by Smart.
Crableigh places Dorking s necklace in an attempt to incriminate him and have him dismissed.
However  the necklace is then stolen.
Who hides it.
Smart takes it and hides it in a Jewellery Box due to be presented to Lady Dorking at the dinner.
The diamonds are again taken by the Head Boy Cyril Brown to picks the lock.
He hides the necklace.
The ball is taken.
He can make off.
Confusion then ensues.
Faker and Cryil Brown try to recover the ball and make off with it while Smart tries to prevent them.
Eventually Smart kicks the ball and unmasks the villains in spite of Crableigh s attempts to have Smart arrested for the theft.
<EOS>
A man driving down a hillside road suddenly realizes.
His car s brakes do not work.
Traveling  the car crashes into a toll booth.
The man dies but leaves a mysterious dying message  Tanabata kyo.
A mysterious Mahjong tile next links this case to six others in Tokyo  Kanagawa  Shizuoka  Nagano and other places in Japan.
The police conclude.
The same person or organization committed these murders.
The police unite to find the murderer.
Conan discovers a police officer walking out of the building and entering a black Porsche 356A owned by Gin.
He concludes.
A Black Organization member is disguised and has infiltrated the meeting.
Conan corners Vermouth in the underground parking lot of a shopping mall and interrogates her.
She says.
The Black Organization needs a memory chip  which was taken  and a new member  Irish.
Conan employs the help and tries to solve the serial murder case by following the dying message lead.
He and Heiji find out.
A young woman named.
Nanako Honjou died.
The elevator could only hold seven.
Eight people needed to escape.
Nanako was not and could not escape.
Conan tracks down her neighbor  Shun Sawamura  and asks him some questions.
Conan finds out.
Nanako and her boyfriend  Kousuke Mizutani  often went stargazing together.
Conan realizes constellation Ursa Major  making the last crime scene Shiba Park.
The crime scenes are ordered.
The police also figure out the pattern and leave for Tokyo Tower.
Officer Satou and Takagi make a detour to Beika Woods after receiving a call from Professor Agasa.
The Detective Boys find Matsumoto.
Conan confronts Mizutani.
Who is about to commit suicide and to avoid being arrested by the police.
Mizutani thought.
One must have pushed Nanako out.
Nanako s brother  Kazuki Honjou  shows up and testifies.
He had overheard a conversation saying that Nanako voluntarily stepped out.
Conan reveals.
The real murderer is Kazuki and not Mizutani because Mizutani would never commit murder to stain the memory.
Kazuki tricked Mizutani to create a scapegoat.
Conan tells Mizutani.
All appreciated Nanako s sacrifice and sent flowers to her memorial and that Kazuki lied to manipulate Mizutani into avenging Nanako but did it himself.
Mizutani would not.
Mizutani realizes.
Nanako would not have wanted him to commit suicide and returns the victim s belongings.
Kazuki threatens Conan and Mizutani.
Matsumoto appears and shoots the knife out.
Conan realizes.
Matsumoto is Irish.
Irish claims.
He does not want to kill Conan.
He says.
Shinichi s fingerprints  and wants to turn him alive.
Thus  the boss would know and punish Gin  satisfying Irish s revenge against him for killing his friend Pisco.
Conan wants the memory chip.
Irish refuses to hand it over.
Soon Ran arrives and finds Irish.
Who is still disguised.
She uses karate.
A kick tears off part of his mask  surprising her.
Taking advantage  Irish overpowers Ran.
Irish and Conan move outside  and a helicopter with Gin  Vodka  Korn  and Chianti arrives.
Irish shows them the chip.
Gin orders Chianti to shoot Irish and the chip.
The bullet seriously injured Irish.
Conan tries to drag him.
Gin notices Conan and tries to shoot him.
Irish protects Conan and dies.
The Black Organization attacks Conan  damaging the Tokyo Tower.
Cornered  Conan escapes.
The Black Organization manages to fly away.
The helicopter crashes soon.
<EOS>
Psychiatrist Martin Dysart investigates the savage blinding.
The atrocity was committed.
He finds himself.
Dysart exposes the truths.
<EOS>
Suraj Saxena lives with his dad  mom  and sister  Asha.
One day he meets.
Who has come with a group of girls.
He offers to show her around.
They fall with each other.
Suraj is unable to see her home.
His dad has chest pains and has to be rushed.
But Suraj is unable to get Kiran out.
The family decide to relocate.
His sister gets married.
Where Suraj enlists and makes several new friends.
He eventually meets Kiran and both renew their romance.
Ranvir Choudhary does not appreciate the attentions on his daughter  and has Suraj brought up before him and introduced to his many friends.
Include prominent lawyers  politicians  high ranking civil and municipal employees  the police commissioner as well as the state chief minister.
Suraj is warned.
He and his family do not leave town immediately.
Suraj does not leave town.
Hell descends.
His mother is unable to purchase food and is publicly humiliated  his father is followed around  harassed  and robbed  and then faces the ultimate humiliation of being publicly arrested  handcuffed  and imprisoned on charges of conspiring against the country and loses his job.
Some him.
So much pressure  will Suraj relent and leave the city  or will he let his dad rot.
<EOS>
Wealthy ad man Eddie Anderson is suicidal  contemptuous.
His long marriage is now devoid of passion.
He has become the lover at his Los Angeles advertising agency.
A psychiatrist  Dr Leibman  listens.
Eddie returns to work.
Where he insults a valued client.
He pilots a small plane.
A.
And buzzes its skyscrapers recklessly  causing the police to be called.
Arthur  his lawyer  gives wife Florence power.
Eddie travels to visit his ill father.
Sam is so sick.
Eddie s brother and sister-in-law want him placed.
Gwen is also now  living with a man named Charles and telling Eddie of many other affairs.
She has had.
Florence and sister-in-law Gloria break in and catch him.
A furious Eddie sets fire and comes to Gwen s apartment.
Where Charles shoots him.
At his father s funeral  Eddie s life is empty  he tells Gwen.
I love you.
She says Thank you.
<EOS>
Daughter lives a reckless lifestyle.
Her mother dies.
A year later  she is almost killed.
Who has lost control  though she is rescued.
Grateful  she invites him.
Where she thanks him again.
The next morning  Cy comes home and almost catches them.
He angers Megan.
Though he does not.
Rich s girlfriend Darla does find out about the affair  and dumps him.
Rich wastes no time and enters.
She soon introduces him  but he disapproves of him.
Megan tells Rich.
They can not see each other any longer.
Devastated  Rich turns.
Who encourages him to do everything to get Megan back.
He follows her.
Where she is seen giving a large sum to a criminal-looking man.
Rich catches her getting intimate  and knocks him down as a response.
Megan then apologizes  and claims.
She did not think that he really loved her and was only testing him how much he would be willing to do.
He immediately takes her back.
They accompany each other.
Where Wes always hangs out.
Megan is seen having an argument.
Rich is arguing.
They run.
They go together.
Who calls her daughter a slut  resulting into a huge fight.
Rich decides to go home.
Where he finds Wes sleeping.
Enraged  he tries to beat up Wes.
Darla stops them.
He does not own her.
Rich decides to return.
Where she - fed up - convinces him that her father killed her mother and that they should kill him  and run off with the money.
Rich  blinded  is in two minds about.
What to do.
The next day  Rich and Wes are shocked to find out.
Darla has been killed.
Meanwhile  Megan turns out.
Hospitalized is her father to blame.
Rich  seeing  fears  and promises her to help her.
Severely beaten up she is.
Megan tells Rich.
They return home.
She has placed a bomb  and that ` it will all be over soon.
The next morning  Rich is invited to accompany him on a bike ride  causing Rich to witness the explosion.
Throws him almost.
He tells Rich.
Cy falls.
He did not kill his wife.
Rich starts to suspect.
Megan may not be who he thinks she is.
Meanwhile  he becomes the prime suspect in the investigation of Detective Anderson.
Rich denies any involvement in the entire ordeal.
Evidence points.
Wes is shocked.
His brother would have killed anyone  and is mad for not having killed their own abusing father.
Shortly later  Megan bails out Rich  and gives him her car to skip town.
She promises him.
She will follow him soon.
Rich drives off  but   checks the car and finds a bomb in it.
He is able to get away just for the explosion and immediately rushes to her house.
There  it is revealed and planned the murders and schemes together.
Megan and Wes were lovers all along.
Order to be together.
Rich confronts his.
Wes informs him.
He tried to frame him because he has always hated him.
Megan kills Wes.
Wes is about to shoot Rich.
She tries to put the entire blame.
Rich does not believe her  prompting her to reveal.
She was the mastermind.
The police arrive  killing Megan immediately.
She tries to shoot Rich.
Rich was wired.
Clears him  though he has nobody important in his life anymore  leaving him empty inside.
<EOS>
Carrie Meeber leaves her family and heads to Chicago.
Charles Drouet approaches her.
The salesman persists and the two chat.
Carrie is reluctant to speak.
They reach Chicago.
Carrie gets off.
Charles Drouet points out.
Carrie stays with her sister.
Who is married and has one child.
Her sister s husband takes $.
She is fired.
When she gets her finger caught.
Carrie looks up Charles Drouet.
He not only talks her  but also gives her $.
Carrie knows.
This is more than compromising.
She does nt see any other possibilities.
Her sister and brother-in-law wo nt take that kind.
So Carrie   heads to return the money to Drouet.
Order to stay.
The manager.
There she meets George Hurstwood.
Who is immediately.
He brings the two together  seats them himself and sends them a bottle of champagne.
Carrie ends up moving in.
He is a big talker but basically harmless.
She pressures Drouet to marry her.
The neighbors are talking.
He tries to distract her and invites Hurstwood.
Whom he had run.
Hurstwood takes Carrie to the theater.
Drouet is.
Hurstwood and Carrie end up spending every free minute together.
The two fall.
She finds out.
Before she is about to run off.
He is married.
She is distraught and confronts Hurstwood.
Who admits that he is married although terribly unhappy.
Hurstwood cashes up for the night and  by accidentally locking a timed safe  finds himself stuck with $ 10000 of his boss s money.
He goes home and is initially pleased to find his boss there.
He tries to give the money.
He decides to take the money to run away.
When he learns that his boss intends to give his salary directly.
He leaves an I-O-U intent.
He made it.
He coaxes Carrie.
Who initially refuses to see him  out by telling her that Drouet had injured himself and that he would take her to see him.
Hurstwood tells her.
He loves her and that the wants to be  asking her to leave Drouet.
Carrie is torn  she does.
Love Hurstwood and so she decides to stay.
The first few days are blissful.
Then reality catches up.
Hurstwood s boss sends an officer.
Hurstwood to collect the money Hurstwood took.
Hurstwood   finds out quickly.
Who has already been looking.
Word has gotten around.
Unable to find a job  Hurstwood and Carrie soon find themselves living.
The two think.
When Carrie finds out that she is pregnant.
Things might take a turn.
But Hurstwood s wife shows up  wanting his signature and allowing her to sell the house.
They own jointly.
Hurstwood wants his share.
She says.
She will press charges for bigamy if he insists.
Carrie is devastated.
Hurstwood s wife refused to get a divorce.
Hurstwood did nt know.
To tell Carrie.
Hurstwood tells his wife  he will sign and wo nt ask.
She ll grant him a divorce.
She does.
It is too late.
Carrie loses the baby and decides to try her luck.
Hurstwood reads.
His son is due after his honeymoon and decides to see him at the docks.
Carrie leaves him.
He is there.
She thinks he will use this opportunity to re-enter his family s life.
Carrie s star rises.
Hurstwood drifts further and further and ends up living on the streets.
She is a well-regarded actress.
Hurstwood  entirely starved  visits her.
She wants to take him back.
She had found out.
Hurstwood had taken the money to start a life and blames herself for his predicament.
She wants to make it up.
He wo nt take more than a quarter and disappears.
<EOS>
Elina defeated Laverna  the evil sister of the Enchantress.
The Enchantress gave Elina wings.
This film s plot begins shortly afterward flying through the air  still having trouble believing.
She has wings.
Soon  Elina learns.
Her friend Nalu  the merman prince  has been kidnapped at the Crystal Cove.
The banished Laverna is seeking out the Immunity Berry  a berry.
Causes whoever eats it to be immune.
Laverna had sent her Fungi to force Nalu to lead them.
Nalu knows how to find the berry.
Fungus Maximus  the leader  threatens to pour a bottle of magical poison into the ocean to destroy Mermaidia.
Nalu does not lead them.
Nalu reluctantly agrees.
The Fungi take him away.
Them underwater.
Elina arrives a short time after this  accompanied by her companion Bibble.
She finds no trace  but encounters a mermaid named Nori.
Nori had planned to meet Nalu and is unaware of the reason for his absence.
Nori insists.
When Elina tells her.
Elina uses magical seaweed to breathe underwater and follows.
Meanwhile  Nalu has delayed the Fungi by leading them to a place in the ocean called the Carousel of Confusion.
Where people forget what they re doing.
This allows him to direct them.
Fungus Maximus finally catches on.
Elina soon reaches Mermaidia and finds Nori attempting to learn the location.
That she can ask her where to find Nalu.
The only people are the merfairies.
Who know Delphine s location.
Who are nearly impossible to speak.
They learn.
Elina helps Nori converse.
Both go to seek the oracle out.
Delphine tells them.
They will have to travel to find the Mirror of the Mist  which will lead them to Nalu.
She also tells them.
Elina will have to trade her wings to be able to swim strong enough to reach the mirror.
Delphine gives Elina a magical pearl necklace.
Will allow her to make this trade.
However   she will remain a mermaid forever.
Elina does not get out.
Elina and Nori head together.
Where Nori is soon entrapped.
Elina can not swim fast enough to rescue Nori  so she is forced to use the necklace to become a mermaid.
She then frees Nori and they reach the Mirror at the cavern in the bottom of the Depths of Despair.
The mirror shows them an image  and creates a magical bubble beacon for them to follow.
They also find.
What is called the crest  has appeared on their arm from enduring the Depths of Despair.
The bubble takes them.
Nori carefully leads them through.
They find.
Beyond the vents lies a cavern filled  including one that reveals the eater s true self.
They see Nalu being guarded.
When Nori and Elina reach the surface.
The two mermaids free the prince.
Bibble distracts them.
Nalu is grateful to be rescued  but tells them.
The Fungi leader has reached the cave where the Immunity Berry grows.
The three battle to retrieve the berry.
Fungus Maximus has picked.
They succeed.
Elina does not make it out  and is forever trapped in mermaid form.
But  Elina then decides to risk eating one herself in the hopes of restoring herself to fairy form.
Nori s suggestion.
She succeeds  gaining wings even more spectacular.
She d had.
Nori and Nalu reveal their love to Fairytopia.
Meanwhile  Laverna takes a bite.
What she believes to be the Immunity Berry.
She turns.
<EOS>
A mechanic dreams about leaving his small town existence and pursuing grander ambitions.
But strong feelings may prevent Matt s ultimate escape  despite pressure from best friend Schultz to take off immediately.
<EOS>
Journalist Mikael Blomkvist  co-owner  has just lost a libel case brought against him by corrupt businessman Hans-Erik Wennerstrom.
Meanwhile  Lisbeth Salander  a damaged but brilliant researcher and computer hacker  compiles an extensive background check.
Who has a special task.
Blomkvist agrees to investigate the disappearance and assumed murder of Henrik s grandniece  Harriet  40 years before.
Blomkvist uncovers a notebook containing a list of names and numbers.
No one has been able to decipher.
Salander   is appointed a new guardian  lawyer Nils Bjurman.
Who is due to mental incompetency.
Her previous guardian has a stroke.
Bjurman abuses his authority to extort sexual favors and then violently rapes her  not realizing she has a hidden video camera in her bag.
She stuns him with a Taser  rapes him with a dildo  and marks him as a rapist with a tattoo on his chest and stomach  she then blackmails him into writing her a glowing progress report.
Blomkvist s daughter visits him and notes.
The numbers are Bible references.
Blomkvist tells Vanger s lawyer Dirch Frode.
He needs help.
Frode recommends Salander.
She did researching Blomkvist himself.
Blomkvist hires Salander to further investigate the notebook s content.
She uncovers a connection.
Occurred through 1967  with the women either being Jewish or having Biblical names.
Salander and Blomkvist become lovers.
Henrik s brother Harald identifies Martin  Harriet s brother and operational head  as a possible suspect.
Salander s research uncovers evidence.
Martin and his deceased father  Gottfried  had committed the murders.
Blomkvist breaks.
Martin catches him and prepares to kill him.
Martin brags  but denies killing Harriet.
Salander arrives  subdues Martin and saves Blomkvist.
Martin flees.
Salander tends.
Salander   pursues Martin in his SUV.
He loses control on an icy road and dies.
When it catches fire.
Salander nurses Blomkvist back  and tells him.
She tried to kill her father when she was.
Blomkvist deduces.
Her cousin Anita likely knows.
Where she is.
He and Salander monitor Anita  waiting.
Her to contact Harriet.
Blomkvist confronts her  correctly deducing.
When nothing happens.
Anita is Harriet herself.
She explains.
Her father and brother had sexually abused her  and that Martin saw her kill their father in.
Her cousin Anita smuggled her out and let.
Her live.
Finally free  she returns to Sweden and tearfully reunites with Henrik.
Henrik gives Blomkvist the information.
Promised. 
It proves to be worthless.
Salander hacks and presents Blomkvist with damning evidence of Wennerstrom s crimes.
Blomkvist publishes an article.
Ruins Wennerstrom  who flees the country.
Salander hacks  travelling to Switzerland in disguise  transfers two billion euros to various accounts.
Wennerstrom is soon found murdered.
Salander reveals.
She is.
However  Salander sees him and his longtime lover and business partner Erika Berger walking together happily.
Heartbroken  she discards the gift and rides away.
<EOS>
Kajro and Jethu are investing their life.
Kajro   in the face of adversity inculcates great values in her children  heartbreaks in silence.
Jethu suffers the.
Set  the storyline progresses about the daily trials and tribulations of this family and at a larger level.
Depicts the aspirations.
Are still far behind.
Where aspirations have arrived.
A Circus has come to a nearby town.
Maybe Panni and Ghumroo s only escapade without any heartbreak.
A flag could be the key to this escape.
But would Jethu and Kajro find it so easy to see a small dream or would they themselves become puppets in the circus of life.
Be a part.
Shows a circus.
<EOS>
Night and Fog is a documentary and color footage.
Alternates and features both black and white.
The first part shows remnants of Auschwitz.
The narrator Michel Bouquet describes the rise.
The film continues to the starving prisoners in the camps.
Bouquet then addresses the sadism inflicted  including torture  scientific and medical ` experiments   executions  and prostitution.
The next subject is shown and depicts images of gas chambers and piles of bodies.
The final topic depicts the liberation of the country  the discovery of the horror of the camps  and the questioning of.
Who was responsible.
<EOS>
The gang   works at an aviation factory.
Where spies are present.
However  Muggs hangs out there all day long and begins to suspect the doctor to be the one stealing blueprints and smuggling them to secret agents.
<EOS>
Holly told a mall Santa Claus.
When she was.
She would like to have a boyfriend.
Twenty years later  Holly is a romantic skeptic and is more focused as a social worker.
She is in court helping a mother get her children back from foster care.
Holly is extremely angry and sends the lawyer a letter.
When the mother s lawyer does not show up.
She opens her door to a man carrying a Christmas tree and a bow on his chest.
He hands her a note   and introduces himself as Douglas Firwood.
Says. 
She assumes  and invites him.
He is a gag present.
Later that day she takes him to her parents  house for Christmas dinner.
Hoping to keep her matchmaking family  she tells everyone.
Douglas is her long-term boyfriend.
Douglas plays along.
Holly learns.
Douglas is really Ryan Hughes  who was sent by Santa Claus.
She accuses him and tells him to leave.
She follows Ryan and they watch the New Year s fireworks together.
<EOS>
The film follows a young American boy named Roy Wallace.
Who spends his summer.
Unexplainable events and deeds begin to occur.
Rumors the village.
All these things are pointing.
Is going on.
Roy sets out to disprove the rumor and decides to explore the cave Oscar and Abbey.
Roy faces his fears and discovers the secret.
<EOS>
Neha is the only daughter.
He would like to see her married and well settled.
He passes on.
Neha is with Sagar   so she marries the man of her dad s choice  a tennis player  Jaideep.
Who is not prepared.
Her dad passes away.
She finds.
Jaideep does not love her anymore  and is   very abusive toward her.
This leads her back.
Who is now a successful singer.
Then Neha notices a remarkable change  he abstains from alcohol  starts taking an interest in her dad s business  appears apologetic for his past abusive behavior  and adores her.
Then her life turns upside down.
When she receives a letter  asking her to pay INR 1 lakh or a love letter written to her by Sagar will be mailed to Jaideep.
Neha delivers the money  but is unable to get the letter back.
She confides.
Neha s house is broken.
Sagar and Jaideep are out.
A man named.
Vikramjit attempts to kill her  but instead ends up getting killed.
The Police  summoned  find the letter from Sagar in Vikramjit s pocket.
Neha is arrested  tried in court  and sentenced to death under section 302 of the Indian Penal Code.
Eventually  Neha is proved innocent.
Jaideep is found guilty.
He commits suicide unable to bear his defeat.
<EOS>
Returning discover in the memory of a loved one.
Once held back their opportunities but now glistens.
What binds them together.
Her entire family returns to celebrate her life and legacy.
When the beloved Carmel Boxer passes away.
Revelations begin to force each person to address their pent-up emotions and true feelings for one another.
The Boxer family comes together.
The story chronicles the lives and loves.
Its members are forced to come with a tumultuous past marked by an unrequited interracial affair.
The film explores the way.
Which the family patriarch  Helms Boxer  must confront his demons amidst the changing racial fabric.
<EOS>
The quiet life is disturbed.
When they receive a series from an anonymous source.
Georges Laurent is the successful host  living with his wife Anne  a book publisher  and their school-age son Pierrot.
Unmarked videocassettes arrive.
Show extended observation from a static street camera that is never noticed.
The tapes lead to questions about Georges  early life.
Disrupt both his work and marriage.
But  the police refuse to help the family.
The tapes do not contain an open threat.
One videotape leads Georges  an Algerian man.
Whose parents worked before they were killed in the Paris massacre of.
The orphaned Majid remained.
The parents intended to adopt him.
Georges confronts Majid.
He denies involvement.
However  the encounter intensifies his guilty flashbacks and recurring nightmares  cutting off a rooster s head  and menacing him.
One day Pierrot does not come home.
Anne can not locate him.
Georges and Anne suspect.
Majid has kidnapped him.
They go.
Who accompany Georges.
There they find Majid s son.
Father and son both deny knowledge.
The police arrest them.
They are released the next morning.
Pierrot returns.
He had spent the night without telling anyone.
He accuses her.
When Anne scolds Pierrot.
We saw a distressed Anne permitting a few ambiguous caresses from Pierre  a family friend.
Georges returns at his invitation  and  after stating  Majid says  he kills himself by slashing his own throat.
He had nothing to do.
He wanted Georges to be present.
Now Anne insists Georges explain the whole story.
He tells her.
They spent living so many years ago.
He was six years old  then told his parents.
When he tricked Majid.
Majid did this to scare him.
This sufficiently disturbed his parents.
They sent Majid.
Majid s son confronts Georges next.
He denies involvement.
Georges denies responsibility.
Majid s son says.
He only wanted to know how Georges felt.
Georges angrily leaves.
Georges goes home  takes two sleeping pills  and goes.
A man and woman arrive.
They enter the house  returning momentarily.
Who protests  resists getting  and runs.
Before he s finally caught and overcome.
He s forced.
The man drives the car away.
Pierrot and Majid s son meet in front of Pierrot s school.
Their conversation can not be heard.
Majid s son leaves.
Does Pierrot soon after.
<EOS>
The story.
Who life was torn.
One is his.
The other is a barroom dancer named.
<EOS>
The story centers.
The plot follows the band s climb and Thiola s tumultuous relationship with their violently abusive  alcoholic manager Justice Parker.
A murder occurs  leaving authorities with a trio of suspects and a mystery to solve.
<EOS>
The film depicts a North Korean teenager s struggle to understand her father s devotion at the expense of his own family s happiness.
Spending the vast majority at work as a computer engineer in a distant town  he leaves his two daughters  wife  and mother-in-law to live in their dilapidated rural home.
The rebellious teen begins to defy her mother  a hardworking librarian.
Who spends her evenings translating scientific articles.
The protagonist realizes.
Selfish she has been only after her father makes a major breakthrough and is lavished with praise for his self-sacrifice and devotion to the state.
<EOS>
Set.
A.
Aram Katourian is.
When suddenly a homeless woman - fascinated die - interrupts him.
He finally does not have the courage to commit suicide  and instead tells the woman his story  Aram is a self-made millionaire.
Who owns twelve successful stores and makes an average.
2 million dollars a year.
He married his greedy high school sweetheart Millie and have an adult sun  Michael.
He spends his time.
When he is not spying.
Realizing  Aram   decides to sell his business and give all on the street.
His son has no intention always being available to him.
Who values earning money.
He is enthusiastic.
When Michael assures him that their economical future will be just fine  though grows upset when he later finds out that Michael meant that he has no doubt that his father will find another job.
Millie stands  and eventually becomes a housekeeper to earn some money.
Aram  as well  runs some tasks.
Michael quits his job due to a fight with his boss.
Aram  fearing  suddenly has a great idea  He and Michael will join forces to make travel videos.
He will never inspire his son to work and will never come off the couch.
The business would combine Michael s love and work.
Aram is soon informed though.
His traveling video concept already exists.
Seeing no other options  Aram purposely gets to inspire Michael to feel some responsibility for the family.
Michael wastes no second and becomes engaged from the past.
Who has recently inherited all.
Aram  fed up  confronts Michael with his lack of responsibility  and orders.
Him to get out.
Aram starts to regret his decisions.
He tapes a video  and allows her to profit.
Which he admits that his bankruptcy was faked.
He then travels to commit suicide  and runs into the homeless woman Billie.
Billie   inspires Aram to not kill himself.
Who lives but is still optimistic about life.
They part ways.
She admits that she was one.
Two years later  Aram contacts Millie  now owning a bakery.
Who is still upset.
She reveals.
She never took Michael s money  and instead contacted Irene to open their own shop.
Aram offers to end their marriage formally.
Millie remains suspicious.
He finds out.
His son has recently divorced  and received a lot during the settlement.
Nevertheless  he decided to start working  to earn some honest money.
Aram is initially disgusted.
Feels proud when he learns.
The family eventually reconciles.
Aram now lives off Michael s earnings.
<EOS>
Annecy is no tourist destination  in the months.
Their mother has died.
Marc is deeply troubled  he tries.
Christophe is released  and must overcome various temptations.
Order to keep it.
Olivier  nearing 18  may be falling with Hicham  a young man.
Who constantly practices capoeira.
Both violence and fraternity are close.
Comprises the film s drama.
Each brother emerges.
The film discusses.
These men can form a family.
<EOS>
Derek compete for the affections of a winsome minister s daughter  Esther Wiscasset.
Meanwhile  the albino whale has been eluding harpooners  and bears the scars.
His fame has reached epic proportions.
One day  Ahab and Derek are.
The whale heaves.
Ahab raises his harpoon to kill the beast  but  Derek pushes him overboard.
Ahab loses a right leg.
The shallow Esther rebuffs Ahab as her suitor.
She catches sight.
Heartbroken  Ahab blames neither Esther nor his brother - instead he transfers blame and an undying hatred onto the whale.
The following saga takes on the aura of a super-human quest  far beyond the proportions of its first motivation.
<EOS>
Veronica Guerin is a feisty crime reporter.
Suddenly aware  she becomes determined to expose the men responsible.
How much Dublin s illegal drug trade is encroaching.
Guerin begins.
Who shoot up.
Her investigation leads her  a notable source of information about the criminal underworld.
Traynor is willing to assist her but is not above misleading her.
Order to protect himself.
Traynor suggests.
Order to steer her away.
Gerry Hutch  a criminal known  is in charge of the operation.
Guerin pursues him  only to discover.
He is not involved.
She comes closer  she and her family become targets.
She is shot.
When a bullet fired as a warning fails to stop her.
The life is threatened.
Her husband Graham  mother Bernie  and brother Jimmy implore her to stop  but.
He savagely beats her  she becomes more determined to expose him.
Who he is.
Would necessitate her removal.
June 1996  Guerin appears in court to respond to an accumulation of parking tickets and numerous penalties for speeding.
She has ignored.
She is given a nominal fine #.
While she calls her mother and then her husband to report the good news.
She is speaking.
Stopped when a motorcycle with two men on it pulls up beside her.
The driver breaks the window and then shoots her six times.
The two flee and dispose in a nearby river.
Guerin is mourned at large.
Her violent death results together with several of his henchmen are tried and sentenced to lengthy gaol terms.
We learn.
Veronica Guerin s writing turned the tide.
Her murder galvanised Ireland.
Thousands took to the streets in weekly anti-drug marches.
Drove the dealers out and forced the drug barons underground.
In an emergency session of the Parliament  the Government altered the Constitution of the Republic of Ireland to allow the High Court to freeze the assets of suspected drug barons.
<EOS>
The official synopsis describes the film as  The film consists of six interrelated and interwoven stories.
Take the viewer.
The six stories are  Pacific Ocean  circa.
Adam Ewing  an American lawyer  has come to the Chatham Islands to conclude a business arrangement for his.
He meets Dr Henry Goose.
Who offers a cure.
Adam learns and observes a slave being whipped.
Ashore. 
The slave  Autua  stows away.
Adam reluctantly keeps him hidden.
Edinburgh  Scotland .
Robert Frobisher  a penniless young English musician  finds work  allowing Frobisher the time and inspiration to compose his own masterpiece  The Cloud Atlas Sextet.
Luisa Rey  is a journalist  sent to write a story.
She meets Sixsmith  now a respected nuclear physicist.
Who decides to help Rey expose a conspiracy.
United Kingdom .
Timothy Cavendish  a 65-year-old publisher  flees the associates and ends up confined against his will in a nursing home from.
He attempts to escape.
Neo Seoul  22nd century.
Sonmi ~ 451  a genetically-engineered fabricant server  is interviewed before her execution.
Sonmi rebels.
Created and exploited her kind.
A tribesman named.
Zachry living a primitive life after most have died during the Fall is visited by Meronym  a member of the last remnants of a technologically-advanced civilization.
He agrees to guide her into the mountains in search of Cloud Atlas  an outpost and station.
Where she is able to send a message and who are now living on other planets.
<EOS>
A fictionalized version is approached on a city street by a strange man.
Who turns out to be a starving vampire named Eramus.
Eramus bites the writer  and for the small donation  takes his victim to the titular club.
Is a covert gathering place.
Eramus introduces three stories about his fellow creatures of the night.
A young  financially struggling woman takes a job.
Leads a troubled and tragic existence and is notorious.
The girl  Angela  develops a friendship.
Time goes.
He eventually proposes.
Alarmed  Angela refuses.
Her controlling boyfriend forces her to go through.
Order to gain the Shadmock s vast wealth.
Angela is caught robbing the Shadmock s safe  and screams.
She could never love him.
Heartbroken  the Shadmock whistles and destroys Angela s face.
Her boyfriend is driven insane and locked away in an asylum.
The timid son lives a miserable  lonely life.
His father spends little time.
The son discovers.
His father is a vampire  being relentlessly if ineptly hunted.
The hunters break.
The tables are turned.
When the father bites the leader  meaning he will have to be staked by his own servants.
A movie director scouting locations pays an unpleasant visit to a small backwards village  Loughville near Hillington  Norfolk  inhabited by flesh-eating ghouls.
Who unearth graves.
He meets Luna  the daughter and a deceased human mother.
Imprisoned. 
The director attempts to escape  only for Luna to be killed by the ghouls and the director captured again and returned to the village by ghoul policemen.
Eramus cheerfully lists to the other club-members all the imaginative ways  and declares.
Humans have.
Humans are the most despicable monsters.
Thus Chetwynd-Hayes is made an honorary monster and member.
<EOS>
A successful weatherman is well paid but garners little respect from people in the area  David suspects.
Who throw fast food.
They re resentful.
Dave also feels overshadowed.
Who is disappointed to grow up and deal with his two children.
The situation worsens.
When Robert is diagnosed and given only a few months to live.
Dave takes up archery  finding the activity a way to build his focus and calm his nerves.
He becomes more and more depressed.
To prove himself and possibly reconcile with Noreen  his estranged wife  Dave pursues a weatherman position with a national talk show called Hello America.
The job would nearly quadruple his salary  but means relocating.
He takes his daughter and bonds with her by helping her shop for a more suitable wardrobe.
When Hello America invites him.
Dave learns.
Away. 
His son attacked his counselor  claiming that the man wanted to perform oral sex.
Dave impresses.
The Hello America interviewers and is eventually offered the job.
Dave slaps Russ  Noreen s boyfriend.
When he returns.
When he finds him dealing.
Dave later confronts the counselor  beating him up and warning him.
He is.
The family holds a living funeral.
Which Dave asks Noreen to reconcile and move.
She has decided to marry Russ.
Dave and Robert have one final talk.
Which Dave breaks down  unsure of his life s choices.
Robert consoles him  telling him.
He has time to chuck the garbage.
Robert dies soon.
The film ends several months later.
Dave has accepted the job and moved.
People have ceased throwing things  this may be a pleasant side-effect of his archery hobby.
He muses.
Which he carries a bow.
<EOS>
Mama Ji is a drama.
Bansi Lal is an idle and not very intelligent guy living.
His maternal grandfather is a business man.
His sister  Lajwanti  and her husband  Kirpa Ram  are very unhappy.
He not uses his brain.
They want him to leave.
One day  he buy a magic stick.
The stick really have the magic.
This makes his sister and her husband very angry again.
He feels robbed.
He realized that the stick do nt actually have any magic.
One day  he snatches money and runs and hides himself into a tonga.
A beautiful girl  Laali  is searching.
A tonga driver takes her.
Which Bansi hide himself.
He ll find her father.
Reaching out  he tries to rape her.
Bansi rescues her and take her home.
The police locate.
Laali reported and reach Kirpa Ram s home to get her back.
Laali s father takes her back.
Kirpa Ram got angry.
The police came home and throws him out.
Wondering  Bansi reaches Laali s village.
Where he saves her  Phumman  a proud son of Khema - a patwari.
Bansi stays.
A lawyer comes.
Bansi s grandfather is died giving his property.
They starts finding him.
Bansi is now a rich guy.
The patwari demands some guns and distributes them in the youngmen to kill the lion.
The village is by a lion.
Who killed many people.
Laali s father  takes Bansi to be a brave guy  have him a gun.
Bansi  afrade.
Not to let anyone know  goes to jungle with the gun.
Incidently  a bullet killed the lion.
Bansi is honored.
His photo is published.
Helps his sister and Kirpa Ram locating him.
Bansi  to manage his property  leaves Laali s village promising her to be back.
Laali asks Bansi to write letters.
One day Bansi receives a letter   his servant arranges a literate person  Saukha Ram  to read the letter and writes a reply.
Bansi is illiterate.
The letter not reaches.
Laali  bribing the shopkeeper  takes the letter.
Every letter written takes by Phumman.
Saukha Ram  a partner - a dancer  plans to rob Bansi  for this he decides to read Laali s letters wrong to kick Laali out from Bansi s heart.
Ll make him.
Saukha Ram read the letter wrong.
Makes Bansi angry and writes hatred words.
Laali  this time reaching  takes the letter from Phumman.
Her heart is broken.
Frightes him to take his money back to his grandfather s account in Africa.
Bansi is.
Saukha Ram fixes bribe and tells him.
He kicked his beloved Laali out as part of the plan to rob Bansi.
Then Saukha Ram suggests Bansi to sell all his property and  tries to steal Bansi s cash but Laali as the officer  frighting him  takes all the cash from him.
Bansi becomes poor again and all his good time friends backs off.
Disappointed Bansi tried.
Laali saves.
Him  telling that she still loves him  takes him home.
Finally  Bansi is told  his cash is safe.
He is not poor.
They gets happily married.
<EOS>
Oh.
The diplomatic manoeuvrings and events are set in a fantasy location inside the pierhead pavilion  far from the trenches.
Generals and Heads of State walk over a huge map of Europe  reciting actual words spoken by these figures at the time.
An unnamed photographer takes a picture - after handing two red poppies to the Archduke Ferdinand and his wife  the Duchess of Hohenberg  ` assassinating  them.
He takes their picture.
The flash goes off.
Many enjoy good personal relations and are reluctant to go to war  a tearful Emperor Franz Josef declares war on Serbia after being deceived by his Foreign Minister.
Czar Nicholas II and Kaiser Wilhelm II are shown.
The German invasion leaves Sir Edward Grey little choice.
To get involved.
Italy reneges joins them instead.
The start is shown as a parade of optimism.
The protagonists are an archetypal British family.
Who are shown entering Brighton s West Pier.
A military band rouses holidaymakers - some even literally boarding a bandwagon.
The first Battle is similarly cheerfully depicted yet more realistic in portrayal.
Both scenes are flooded.
When the casualties start to mount  a theatre audience is rallied Are We Downhearted.
A music hall star then enters a lone spotlight  and lures the still doubtful young men into taking the King s Shilling by singing about.
How every day she ` walks out   and that On Saturday I m willing  if you ll only take the shilling  to make a man of any one of you.
The young men take and are quickly moved offstage and into military life.
The initially alluring music hall singer is depicted as a coarse  over-made-up harridan.
The red poppy crops up again being handed to a soldier about to be sent to die.
These scenes are juxtaposed.
There is a scoreboard showing the loss.
` yards gained.
Outside  Sylvia Pankhurst is shown addressing a hostile crowd  upbraiding them for believing everything.
They read.
She is met and jeered off her podium.
1915 is depicted.
Many shots illustrate an endless stream of grim  hopeless faces.
Black humour has now replaced the enthusiasm of the early days.
There s A Long  Long Trail A-Winding captures the new mood  depicting soldiers filing along in torrential rain in miserable conditions.
Red poppies provide the only bright colour.
A chanteuse leads them in a jolly chorus of The Moon Shines Bright.
On Charlie Chaplin  a reworking then shifts the mood back to darker tone by singing a soft and sombre version of Adieu la vie.
General Sir Douglas Haig replaces Field Marshal Sir John French as Commander-in-Chief of the British Forces.
An interfaith service is held.
A priest tells the gathered soldiers.
Each religion has endorsed the war.
He also mentions.
The Dalai Lama has blessed the war effort.
1916 passes and the film s tone darkens again.
The songs contain contrasting tones  including The Bells Of Hell Go Ting-a-ling-a-ling   Never Mind and Hanging on the Old Barbed Wire.
The Sergeant Steals Your Rum.
The wounded are laid out at the field station  a stark contrast to the healthy rows of young men.
Who entered the War.
The camera often lingers.
The Americans arrive  but are shown only  interrupting the deliberations of the British generals by singing Over There with the changed final line  And we wo nt come back - we ll be buried over there.
Jack notices.
He is literally back where he started  at Mons.
Jack is the last one to die.
The Armistice is sounding.
There is a splash.
Appears to be blood  but which turns out to be yet another poppy out of focus in the foreground.
The film closes out.
Ends  as the voices of the dead sing We ll Never Tell Them.
<EOS>
Inspector Gagan Singh gets a tip  entering in his jurisdiction  so he checks Munna s file.
Singh is shocked to find.
Munna is none other.
A robbery took.
Place and Mahesh s parents got killed.
Singh never got to know.
What happened.
Nevertheless  Singh tracks Munna and asks him to surrender.
Munna tells him.
He has to save his love Mohini.
He reveals.
He shifted with his sister Jyoti after the incident.
He met.
A girl named Mohini and fell with her.
Mohini s father Shyamlal did nt like this relationship.
Shyamlal was a drunkard.
Who mooched off the money earned.
Shyamlal burned her face.
When she finally stood up.
She died soon afterwards  following.
Shyamlal forced Mohini to follow her mother s steps.
Shyamlal has taken a loan to repay.
It is to make Mohini dance.
But Mohini does not give up and continues meeting Mahesh.
Shyamlal traps Mahesh along and sends duo behind bars for six months in charge for trespassing house with intention of robbery.
Shyamlal meets Chote Khan  younger brother.
Who joined him.
Chote Khan was arrested due.
Lotiya does nt know Mahesh s identity.
Shyamlal instantly recognizes Mahesh and explains everything.
Chote goes and tries to rape Jyoti as revenge.
Mahesh averts this and kills Chote.
Mahesh is arrested and sentenced.
Which he becomes Munna and gets exiled.
Mahesh starts destroying Lotiya s empire with help of his friends.
Lotiya kidnaps Mohini.
Shyamlal now deals to get Mohini rescued.
Mahesh rescues her.
She is shocked to see.
Mahesh is sending her back.
She and Shyamlal have an altercation.
When Mohini reaches home.
Mohini is saved.
Who kills Shyamlal.
Lotiya kidnaps Mohini again.
Singh allows him to complete his task.
Munna and his friends finally destroy Lotiya s empire fully.
Lotiya gets enraged and goes to attack Munna.
Baban deflects the attack and gets killed.
Munna kills Lotiya and completes his revenge.
Munna surrenders unconditionally to Singh  whereupon.
He gets arrested and sent.
<EOS>
They find themselves confronting each other and themselves.
When four people find themselves stuck in an elevator.
Will they emerge.
Their views changed or will the stay stuck in what they believe and in their prejudices.
<EOS>
A woman is annoyed by a flirtatious drunk.
Her date  a milquetoast named Osgood  wants to do something.
The woman  D.
D.
Begs him not  but.
When the drunk turns mean  Osgood challenges him to step outside.
Much.
D.
S astonishment  Osgood wins the fight and even gets the tough-looking drunk to apologize.
Next morning  it turns out.
The drunk is Nick Escalante  known as Mex  who has been hired to make Osgood look tough in his lady s eyes.
Nick is a former soldier  lethal with his hands and an expert with weapons  in particular sharp objects.
He now acts but is listed in the Yellow Pages as a chaperone.
Nick s goal is to make enough money to leave Vegas and move for good.
Soon  he is approached.
Cyrus Kinnick is wealthy and claims to want someone.
He gambles  but that s a ruse.
He really wants Nick to teach him.
To be tough.
Nick is distracted  meantime.
She goes to the hotel suite of Vegas high roller named Daniel Danny DeMarco.
Who has organized crime connections.
There  she was sadistically abused.
Holly ca nt get her revenge without Nick s help.
He reluctantly agrees and goes.
He uses his friendship to get access to DeMarco s suite.
DeMarco tells him.
When he asks DeMarco.
It was only the beginning.
DeMarco first offers $ 20000 restitution.
When Nick asks DeMarco to make financial restitution.
Nick accepts.
But DeMarco puts the money back and pulls a gun  demanding.
Nick flatter him.
Nick does so.
DeMarco says.
Nick has failed the test.
He will spare him.
He likes him.
DeMarco again points his gun.
Which he asks him what is he thinking.
DeMarco orders Nick to be taken out of his suite  apparently to be beaten  or maybe even killed outside.
But  Nick proceeds to dispense his own kind  using sharp objects like a medallion and the side of a credit card to defeat DeMarco and his goons.
DeMarco s henchmen can take any action.
Later that night  Holly arrives and threatens to slice off DeMarco s manhood.
She relents.
DeMarco becomes even more scared.
He asks.
The whole thing is  what money.
Holly takes the money and gives it.
Which she tells DeMarco that it s not.
DeMarco tries to blame Holly s suffering.
The henchmen confront him.
DeMarco had planned and done everything.
Nick and Holly leave DeMarco s hotel.
Nick has a car prepared to get out of Las Vegas.
Nick stays.
Nick gives Holly the $.
They depart.
They took.
He refuses Holly s suggestion to take half the money.
She gives $ 10000 and asks him to give the money to Nick and leaves.
Holly leaves.
Taking a liking  Nick agrees to give Kinnick a few pointers on.
To defend himself.
Nick begins to play blackjack.
The money Holly gave him  meanwhile.
Where his friend Cassie is a dealer.
Kinnick comes to realize.
What Cassie already knows.
The reason Nick has had so much difficulty leaving Vegas is because he is a compulsive gambler.
Nick talks himself.
He wins enough money to go.
He needs more.
He returns to lose it all.
DeMarco goes  asking him to kill Nick  claiming.
Nick killed his friends.
Baby organizes a meeting as a mediator.
They will find his fingerprints from when he disarmed DeMarco s friends.
Some part is true.
Nick asks two questions.
Baby answers.
Nick never uses firearms.
Always sharp objects and fighting skills  and.
Is a perfect alibi.
Nick s second question is.
He knows that DeMarco has a small cut.
Nick wants to prove.
DeMarco abused Holly  to which Baby says that DeMarco will have to show them his penis to prove if Nick is right or not.
DeMarco refuses.
Baby concludes that it was not Nick who killed DeMarco s friends  but someone who looks.
DeMarco and his men are waiting to ambush Nick.
Nick manages to fight them off.
Who steps.
Nick manages to kill DeMarco s henchmen.
The same night goes.
DeMarco arrives still scared.
What might happen since he failed to kill Nick and tried to kill Kinnick.
Nick has turned to DeMarco from the darkness  asks him.
He wants to know how he is going to die  tells him that what happened is nothing compared to what awaits him.
DeMarco tries to locate and kill Nick.
He gets closer to Nick s voice  but still fails to locate Nick.
Nick tells DeMarco.
He has only one bullet left and that if he misses  he will tear his small and beautiful face out.
Powerless  DeMarco kills himself.
Nick is seen  beginning a new life.
His new friend Kinnick recovers.
<EOS>
The plot surrounds a confused bride Melissa  she has no recollection.
Who wakes.
Having forgotten the events.
Occurred the previous night.
<EOS>
The film takes place  in a period.
Where the city has sunk.
Shocked.
His people have sunk to.
When a carnaval is organized to redeem it.
One is Rosita  a beloved street singer praised by the townspeople for her entertainment.
Rosita is the only source.
Who are always fighting each other.
She is fed up.
The king is living.
Rosita is enraged and comes up with a song.
Which she insults the king.
Soon  the king is informed and visits her anonymously.
He is charmed by the woman.
However  the soldiers have come to arrest her.
Don Diego tries to defend her.
Being taken.
However  he is arrested as well.
They fall at the police station.
She is unaware.
Diego is a powerful captain.
Rosita is set free and escorted to his castle.
Diego  however  is told.
He will be hung.
Rosita does nt believe.
When she meets him.
He is the king.
He tries to seduce her.
She is nt impressed.
He offers her fashionable clothes.
She does nt want to have anything to do  but is pressured into giving in on his advances by her family.
Who see an opportunity.
Living a luxurious live  the family still feels disrespected.
Rosita s mother demands.
The king offers her to be married.
Rosita s mother is pleased  not knowing.
He will be sentenced shortly after the wedding.
Diego is manipulated.
They are married with their eyes covered  thus not knowing.
Who they will be married to.
The king s plan fails.
When Rosita breaks the rules and looks.
Rosita is shocked to learn.
Her new husband is Diego  who is sent back immediately.
Rosita convinces the king to set Diego free.
However   the king again orders the guards to kill Diego.
When she leaves.
Meanwhile  the queen has found out and is furious.
Soon afterward  Rosita is informed.
Diego has been executed.
Devastated  she attempts to kill the king.
The lovers are reunited.
The king leaves his castle to be confronted.
She reveals.
She ordered the guards.
<EOS>
The film opens  witnessed by arch-nemesis Nayland Smith.
Back  however  it is increasingly apparent.
Fu Manchu is still operating.
Smith is quick to detect  an actor hypnotised.
The execution he witnessed was that.
The villain is back  working from a secret base underneath the River Thames.
He has kidnapped the esteemed Professor Muller.
Who holds the key.
<EOS>
The film centers pledges revenge on all those.
Who suffers personal and national humiliation as the aftermath of World War I  from whence on he.
He blames  Democrats  socialists  and Jews.
Thus  he becomes increasingly active  joining.
An organization called S II where his immediate superior is Baron von Rastchuk.
Baron von Rastchuk brings Lohse.
Order to get Lohse employed  a favor for which the homosexual Prince demands one-time bodily obligingness.
Lohse yields to the Prince out of his opportunism and willingness to please his superiors.
Lohse becomes a full-time spy.
He spies in on Communist plots  partakes in the organization s plans to undermine the new German democracy  and disposes of his own right-wing colleagues.
When he sees fit  all of which to serve his own plans.
He comes with Benjamin Lenz.
Who will always sell  be it.
He finds Lenz s services useful  but soon finds himself at his mercy.
Lenz finds out more and more about Lohse s schemes and spy activities.
Lohse then has his henchmen murder Lenz.
Because he knew too much.
The film ends.
Restoring the monarchy has become old hat.
He mentions a new man preparing a putsch in Munich to count on - a man named Adolf Hitler.
<EOS>
An unnamed narrator tells a story.
When Dinosaur Dan  the eponymous villain  terrorized the state.
He rustles all the cattle  and runs off.
The primitive Texans finally corner Dan.
Cleverly chisel away the outer rock  leaving behind a small rock jail inside.
The final scene shows the jail still standing  and reveals.
The narrator is really Dinosaur Dan  still and sadly asking When are y all gon na let me out of here.
<EOS>
Three college students  Toby  Casey  and Jude  start up a bookie business taking bets.
Their business immediately booms  arousing suspicion and Toby s girlfriend  Hunter.
They subsequently are able to purchase many expensive items to help them manage their complex business.
Jude receives threats to back down.
When their business takes off.
Their territories overlap.
Toby devises a way to eliminate the threat and get them out of the business.
When a plan fails to materialize when betting on the college s team to win the game.
Jude makes a bet.
Whatever game and winner they want.
Ends up being a boxing match.
Knowing the game would be fixed  Jude and the others liquidate all and bet all of their earnings on the boxing match.
The underdog won.
Which they placed the bet.
Some money went to pay off the Italian bookies.
The remaining spoils were divided.
Jude drops out.
Toby says.
He was nt first genius to flunk out.
Casey changes his major  gets new friends  makes the dean s list  and does nt see Toby much.
Toby continues and uses his money to get through grad school.
He plays Hunter to win another chance with her after having lost her love through the ordeal.
<EOS>
Malini Gujral and her friend Sunny are brutally murdered at Shimla.
No one knows.
Who did it or why.
It is shown.
A man kills her.
Malini s younger sister gets threatening phone calls of the person.
Who killed Malini.
She is very upset about it with her friend Gehna.
Gehna explains.
It must be a prank of the college students.
Mehek is not convinced.
Mehek hears her name on the intercom.
It is the voice.
Who gave her threatening calls.
She gets scared.
Later the principal announces.
It was just a joke and that no one should be bothered any more.
Mehek drops her things.
It is shown.
The same joker man who killed Malini is right with a dagger.
Suddenly Mrs Roy  a teacher  enters.
The room and the joker man vanishes.
Mehek gets out.
The teacher hears a man s own cough.
She goes to check.
The killer stabs her.
The police come to investigate and see footprints.
They ask Rocky and Suraj to provide samples to match the footprints.
Rocky s do not.
Suraj s do.
They leave and tell Mehek to be cautious.
The police do not have any evidence.
One night  the killer comes to attack her.
When Mehek is all alone.
Mehek manages to call the police.
She also burns his cloak and the killer escapes.
She tries to get into Suraj.
He comforts her but she finds out.
The watch she found is the same as the one on the killer s hand.
She tells them.
When the police comes.
Suraj did it all.
They arrest him.
Mehek is very upset.
Rocky  her childhood pal  who actually has a very soft spot  organizes a party to cheer her up.
Mehek gets again a threatening loses control of the car.
Returning. 
She and Gehna end up.
Mehek tries.
She faints.
Mehek gets out.
The killer is right there.
He tries to kill Mehek.
The Commissioner Kamath and Suraj arrive.
Suraj fights.
He manages to escape.
It is revealed but then he was arrested.
The night Mehek was attacked  Suraj was and was helping him and while returning he decided to meet Mehek.
He was not guilty.
Rocky is jealous.
Suraj saved Mehek and that they are getting closer.
Rajat  Rocky s friend and a Hindi film buff  tells Rocky to go and express his love.
He does not have the courage.
Rocky organizes a holiday and invites everyone in the group.
Nikhil and his girlfriend Riya go together.
Mehek  Rocky and Rajat go together and leave Suraj purposely.
Mehek know.
Gehna waits and tells them.
When they reach the airport.
The rest are two days later.
So Mehek and Suraj go together.
Meanwhile Mehek s mother is also killed by the same joker-masked killer.
Suraj and Mehek spend time together.
The others arrive.
All go to an island to spend some days.
There too Rajat.
Tells Rocky to express his love and so Rocky finally goes to meet Mehek.
There he finds Gehna.
She starts kissing Rocky madly.
Rocky manages to get away and tells her to stay away from him.
Rajat sees all.
The guys play football and Gehna hurts her leg badly.
Rocky trips.
She gets so frustrated.
She decides to remain.
The killer reaches there and kills her.
But the others think.
She is asleep  so they to explore the island.
They see.
The joker mask is drawn on a rock.
Mehek is terrified.
They go back.
Mehek finds a letter.
She could nt bear the pain and so she left with the boat.
That night Mehek sees the killer.
She shouts and runs and seeks help from Rajat.
Rajat sits.
Suddenly the killer breaks the glass and slits Rajat s neck.
Mehek gets but see blood smeared all over.
Scared and calls Rocky and Suraj and when they return they do nt find Rajat s body.
Meanwhile Nikhil and Riya go.
They sleep.
Riya feels someone s hand.
She sees.
When she checks.
Gehna s body is lying there.
There has already been two deaths  so now these people make a raft and try to escape.
But midway the ropes tear and all of them fall into the sea.
Riya can not swim.
She drowns.
Nikhil goes to find her but suddenly somebody slits her neck too.
They decide to return back.
Mehek is petrified and Suraj comforts her  but  she moves away her hand and blames Rocky.
When Rocky comforts her.
His behavior is pretty different.
Rocky defends himself.
Nikhil is so frustrated.
He takes a log and runs to kill the killer.
Rocky goes to find him.
When he does not return.
He sees.
The killer has also killed Nikhil.
He calls Mehek and Suraj.
They both think.
Rocky killed him.
Rocky defends himself and tells Mehek.
He loves her and can never hurt her.
Suraj fights him.
Commissioner Kamath and Inspector Rathore come there and stop Rocky and Suraj.
They tell Mehek.
Her mother is dead.
She faints.
That night they decide to stay there.
Rathore keeps a watch.
The next morning.
He tries to express his love and explain but Mehek is scared and.
She trips and falls and sees.
She is running.
When she looks.
Kamath is dead.
She screams and goes.
The killer attacks her but Suraj comes there and kills him.
Rocky also comes out and opens the mask and sees that its Rathore.
He starts laughing sarcastically.
Mehek thinks.
Rock s lost it.
Suddenly then Suraj shoots Rocky and tells Mehek.
He was the joker-masked killer.
Mehek runs on the beach but Suraj pounces on her and holds her hands and tells her  He had a small family of his dad  mom and his younger brother.
He did all this.
But one day Mehek s father  killed himself.
Who was not.
He promised to destroy Mehek s family.
So he killed her father and also her mother and sister.
Suraj drags Mehek and ties her legs and hangs her upside down.
Now he tells her.
If he was there to save Mehek who was the killer.
And suddenly there comes the same joker-masked man and when opens his mask its Rajat.
Suraj faked.
His death and Rajat killed Nikhil and Riya.
Get away and leave the place.
When they go to kill her Rocky  who is not dead  comes back and kills Rajat and Suraj and he and Mehek.
<EOS>
Charles Boulin is a debt collector.
He decides to surprise her  but before he manages to do.
His wife Anne accuses him.
The house is snatched up.
He steals his colleague s bag.
Contains the signed deeds.
He is sacked.
He has already been given several warnings.
To reduce renovation costs  Charles Boulin seeks the help.
Who sold him the second house.
This swindler calls up his best team  Mouloud Mami and Donatello Pirelli - who.
Workers are both perfectly incompetent.
The house gradually turns.
The renovation progresses.
Charles soon finds himself after being refused a bank loan and then has to sell the family apartment without letting his wife or daughter find out.
He survives.
Order to convince his family to move.
<EOS>
The camera pans.
I am the spirit  ready to trap the unwary  the showoff  the fool  intones the voiceover.
This is the kind.
You d expect to find me.
But no-one expects to find me here.
The scene switches.
A boy is teetering.
But that pool is deep.
The boy is showing off  the bank is slippery.
Says the spirit  approaching as the child slips into the water.
The unwary ones are easier.
Still observes the spirit  as a boy is seen.
He holds.
The branch is weak  rotten  it ll never take his weight.
The branch gives.
Way and the boy tumbles as the spirit appears among the reeds.
A Danger - No Swimming sign appears.
Only a fool would ignore this.
There s one born every minute.
The lakeside is littered.
The bed is also strewn with hidden traps.
A boy has gone swimming and got  waving his arms and floundering.
It s the perfect place.
The struggling boy is spotted.
Who find a big stick.
Sensible children.
A girl is told to go over and get that thing to wrap him.
She picks up the robes  but throws them.
<EOS>
The film deals  Mark and Robert  fictionalized versions of the film s director and.
The two friends struggle  all the while defiantly clinging to the geeky science fiction pop culture of their youth and seeking advice from their greatest hero  William Shatner.
Shatner plays a campy caricature.
He works.
Hip-hop artist The Rated R  joined  provides the concluding musical number No Tears for Caesar  a pastiche of famous lines from the play set to a rap rhythm.
The film s score was produced.
<EOS>
Money-hungry Gilbert Hordern is married and has a child.
He pretends to be his own evil twin brother.
He can marry a millionaire s daughter.
He succeeds but is wracked and confesses.
He wakes up and realises.
It was all a dream.
<EOS>
Bobby Scott is a former Force Recon Master Gunnery Sergeant  acting.
Scott meets recruit Curtis and Sergeant Jacqueline Black  an edged-weapons instructor.
Observing a stress phase exercise designed to evaluate Delta candidates.
Sergeant Black and Curtis each demonstrate their competence  and make plain their ambitions to serve on future missions.
Scott is drawn to find and recover the President s daughter  Laura Newton.
He leaves cadre.
The team has two days.
The media reports her missing at Harvard.
They begin.
Who she fought.
Their argument drove her.
Where girls are recruited.
They follow a middleman.
Funnels some to an international sex slavery ring.
The madam sends them.
Leads Scott and Curtis.
Scott tries to bluff his way.
A second man starts firing  forcing Scott and Curtis to kill the men.
They can learn anything more.
Calls placed are traced back to Tariq Asani  a Lebanese national in a federal prison.
Scott agrees to do.
Whatever it takes to get the girl back.
They plan to stage a robbery to intercept Asani during a prisoner transport to a medical facility.
Scott appears to kill.
The transport guard then kills the other inmate but spares Asani when he says he can get them that night.
Then Asani offers Scott a girl.
Thanks from Scott confirms the sex slavery ring is based in Dubai.
Scott stops to relay the information to the team and gets ammunition from Curtis.
Asani sees his badge and opens fire.
When Curtis turns to get more ammunition.
Curtis is wounded.
Scott kills Asani.
A news broadcast reports.
The team prepares a stealthy assault.
Consequently  the rescue operation is called off.
Scott returns home.
Curtis finds him and persuades him.
She could nt have been killed because he found an earring on the porch of the boathouse identical to the ones she is wearing in a photograph.
Curtis is killed.
When Scott and Curtis return to investigate.
Scott finds Laura s unique sign  the same sign.
She used.
Scott escapes and tries to contact Laura s mother  but is prevented by a Secret Service agent.
The agent explains.
When he shows her the earring.
The President has used his visits to his daughter as a cover for extramarital affairs.
He pulled Laura s Secret Service detail to use during the trip.
The agent pleads to rescue Laura  telling him.
She s been Laura s real mother  because her parents are purely political animals who agreed rather than deal with the fallout from the public learning the truth.
The agent gives Scott a set of photo-booth photographs of herself with Laura as a child.
Scott enlists Sgt.
Black  turns.
To help him rescue Laura  and  cut off from his team.
Avi agrees to get Scott and get Laura out concealed in a cargo container  obtaining weapons for him and support from a man named Jones  an Australian mercenary.
Jones is killed.
Scott flees to a safe house.
Where he persuades her that although he is alone he is acting.
She remembers  and decides to trust him.
The king would respond to requests for help from neighboring kingdoms.
He discovers.
When he takes Laura.
He is being tracked when he finds a transmitter.
He rushes her out.
As his old team arrives to apprehend them.
Scott is shot and separated.
Who is captured and bustled off.
Scott is pursued.
Who shouts that Laura could ve lived.
When Laura fights her captor she reveals herself.
Black  and shows her the photos  convincing her to stop struggling.
Laura s screams have drawn the attention  and Sgt.
Black ignores Stoddard and delivers Laura.
She is shot.
The journalists recognize Laura and get her safely aboard.
Scott slits Stoddard s throat takes off.
Afterwards   Scott sees a news broadcaster on television in a shop window saying.
Laura s death was a faked.
Burch spins the story as an opportunity for the President  and the U.
S.
Government  to take action to end the trafficking as sex slaves.
Scott smiles.
The man watching mumbles that it s time to go home.
He walks away.
<EOS>
The film begins.
Who explains that  mankind could never have predicted the invasion.
He tells us.
The aliens fed.
He then states  the nightmare had only just begun.
Two years later  a town is seen  populated.
Them is Shackleford and Sissy.
Suddenly  three Tripods land.
People are struck  disintegrating them.
Shackleford and Sissy run.
Shackleford grabs a syringe and takes a sample.
He then injects it.
George Herbert and his son Alex are living  left undamaged by the first invasion.
One morning  George recognises a familiar disturbance.
He takes Alex and promises.
He will be back when he is finished.
He goes.
Where he reveals there that his studies suggests the aliens are creating a space time hole between Earth and Mars.
A fleet  with the deep-space flight capabilities  fly through this time hole and raid the planet Mars.
George goes to get his son back  only to find a Tripod standing outside his home.
Alex is then hit.
Remembering humans were kidnapped  he realizes.
The weapon is a teleporter.
He escapes and wakes up the next morning.
To find a man named Pete running.
George throws himself.
He s teleported.
He wakes up.
They both escape.
Who seems to know her way.
Meanwhile  the Martians begin a second invasion  attacking recovering cities.
Major Kramer leads the fleet to chase the alien mothership through the time hole and back to Mars.
George  Pete and Sissy find themselves.
Shackleford reveals.
The town is a fake  created as a place for human prisoners to live on Mars.
Shackleford wants to destroy the aliens.
Bacteria did them.
Shackleford and Sissy are dying.
Is lethal.
He convinces George to inject his infected blood.
He dies.
George and Pete are kidnapped again and wind up.
Where they find Alex.
George injects his infected blood.
Is telepathically connected.
The virus quickly spreads and deactivates the alien machines  ending their second invasion.
George  Pete and Alex find Kramer s jet and escape.
As the mothership begins to explode.
George somehow survives the infection.
The humans celebrate.
Listening  indicating a third invasion.
The characters spend a few moments.
The film ends.
<EOS>
College theater student Richard Collier is celebrating the debut of a play.
He has written.
He is approached by an elderly woman.
Who places a pocket watch.
Richard does not recognize the woman.
Who returns and dies soon afterward.
Eight years later  Richard is a successful playwright living  but has recently broken up with his girlfriend and is struggling with writer s block.
Feeling stressed  he decides to take a break and travels out of town to the Grand Hotel.
Richard becomes enthralled.
Looking. 
Who has been since.
The woman is Elise McKenna  a famous early 20th century stage actress.
Richard learns.
She was the aged woman who gave him the pocket watch eight years earlier.
Traveling  he discovers a music box  in the shape of the Grand Hotel.
She had made.
Plays his favorite melody.
He also discovers a book on time travel written by his old college professor  Dr Gerard Finney  and learns.
McKenna read the book several times.
Richard becomes obsessed.
Whom he has fallen.
Visiting Finney  Richard learns.
The man believes that he himself very briefly time traveled once through the power of.
To accomplish this feat  Finney tells Richard  one must remove from sight all things and trick the mind into believing.
Are related.
One is.
He also warns.
Such a process would leave one very weak  perhaps dangerously so.
Richard buys an early 20th century suit and some vintage money and cuts his hair.
Dressing himself  he removes all modern objects from his hotel room and attempts to will himself into the year 1912 using tape-recorded suggestions  only to fail for lack of real conviction.
Later   Richard finds an old guest book with his signature in it and realizes.
Searching the hotel s attic.
He will eventually succeed.
Richard again hypnotizes himself  this time to become the trigger for the journey back through time.
He drifts off to sleep and awakens on June 27 .
Richard looks all  even meeting Arthur as a little boy.
He has no luck finding her.
Finally  he stumbles.
She seems to swoon slightly.
Then suddenly asks him.
He is the one.
McKenna s manager  William Fawcett Robinson  abruptly intervenes and sends Richard away.
Richard stubbornly continues to pursue Elise.
She finally agrees to accompany him through the surrounding idyllic landscape.
Richard ultimately asks.
Elise wondered aloud if he was the one.
She replies.
Robinson somehow knows that she will meet a man one day who will change her life forever.
Richard then shows Elise.
The same pocket watch which she will eventually give him.
He does not reveal its origin  merely saying.
It was a gift.
Richard accepts Elise s invitation.
Where she recites an impromptu monologue dedicated.
He finds her posing formally for a photograph.
Elise breaks into a radiant smile  the camera capturing the image.
Richard first saw later.
Afterwards  Richard receives an urgent message.
Robinson tries to get Richard to leave Elise  saying.
It is.
Robinson has him tied up and locked.
When Richard professes his love.
Later  Robinson tells Elise.
Richard has left her and is not the one.
She disbelieves him  stating.
She loves Richard.
Richard wakes up the next morning and escapes his constraints.
He runs and finds.
Her party has left.
Despondent  he goes out.
Suddenly  he hears Elise calling his name and sees her running.
They return together and make love.
The next morning they agree to marry.
Elise tells him.
The first thing she will do for him is buy him a new suit  is about fifteen years out of date.
Richard begins to show her.
Practical the suit is.
He is alarmed.
When he reaches and finds a Lincoln penny with a mint date of.
Seeing an item wrenches him out of his hypnotically-induced time trip.
Richard feels himself rushing backwards screaming his name in horror.
He is pulled inexorably out.
Richard then wakes up back.
He is drenched and very weak  apparently exhausted from his trip through time and back.
He scrambles desperately back and tries to hypnotize himself again  without success.
Heartbroken.
Where he spent time.
Discovered. 
Richard suddenly smiles and sees himself drifting and  having presumably died of a broken heart  is drawn to a light shining through the nearby window.
Where he is reunited.
<EOS>
What do.
You get when you fall.
You meet real people one on one.
You do nt know or.
Who s gay or straight.
Who s with whom.
You wo nt care.
Their stories unfold and stereotypes fall.
You ll be rooting.
Inlaws & Outlaws gets past all the rhetoric to embrace  We love.
What we have.
<EOS>
A wealthy Los Angeles land developer  Monte Peterson  travels.
His third marriage ends.
He competes.
Who want to build a casino.
Monte s friend explains the polygamous traditions of the area.
Monte must join the church to purchase the land.
He learns the property includes the former owner s wives.
He has bought.
Upsets Monte greatly until he gets a look.
Monte marries all three and is excited.
He discovers how difficult it is to please young amorous wives and also.
Terrible their cooking is.
He develops methods to care in a fair manner.
He learns.
One wife is a twin sister  making Gates his.
Gates is.
Who assures him that his armed henchman Shuffles will handle matters if Gates does not.
Gates attempts to take control.
Another resident passes away.
He ends up promising to marry the deceased man s wives to protect them.
When Monte goes to offer condolences.
Monte ends up.
Who happen to be vastly greater.
Gates  frustrated  has his associate and kicked out.
Stewart try to catch Monte to get him excommunicated from the church.
Monte takes his wives for a honeymoon to Las Vegas  introducing them to gambling and other joys of the modern world like tennis and bikinis.
The ladies go.
Where the speaker  Dr Van Dyke  preaches that women should dominate the relationship and be completely equal.
The wives enter a strip club  one.
Where men dance.
Monte goes to retrieve them.
Where he ends up.
The ladies take a more dominant role in the house and become less dependent.
Monte s crew discovers human bones and believes.
They have uncovered an ancient Native American burial ground.
Gates has a scheme to frame Monte.
Monte goes.
Assistant Ray confirms.
They have indeed been building.
Gates argues.
Monte should be excommunicated.
His wives and his lawyer/waiter Paul attest.
Monte is a good man.
He is found guilty regardless.
Tony and his right-hand man Shuffles come and inform Gates.
They have been sent to assassinate Monte.
Gates gloats.
He is  making him the rightful owner of the land  enabling him to turn the town into a gambling resort.
Monte s wives drive a truck and break him out.
Monte races is revealed.
Where the police show up.
The police arrest.
Gates and Montee is free to go.
Don Giovanni appears.
All seems lost.
Don Giovanni recognizes Monte.
The two agree to do business together.
Alone  Monte asks.
They make a decision  leading to him getting thrown out.
Montey leaves Utah but finds happiness.
<EOS>
Con man Eli Kotch charms his way by playing on the emotions of a pretty psychologist  but drops her at the first opportunity to move around the country  romancing women and then stealing their possessions  or those of their employers.
He s made a down payment to a bank at Los Angeles International Airport  but needs to raise $ 45000 to complete the purchase.
He seduces and marries Inger Knudsen the secretary of a wealthy elderly woman.
Eli sends her.
A.
To set up housekeeping.
A songwriter there is interested.
Meanwhile  he burgles another woman to get the final amount.
He needs.
Eli heads.
A.
Which is timed to take place while the airport is distracted.
Where he begins to assemble his gang.
To keep her occupied  Eli sends Inger to take Polaroid snapshots.
A.
Supposedly. 
He is writing.
Using costumes stolen  he and one of the gang masquerade as an Australian policeman escorting an extradited prisoner.
Order to get  while the other two dress as LAPD policemen to get into the bank  bypass the alarm  and get a bank employee to open the safe.
The gang pulls off the heist and makes a successful getaway.
Eli has no idea.
Inger has been frantically trying to get with him  because she has inherited $ 7 million from her former employer.
<EOS>
Kwame Gatmon is a young man.
But Yasmine is tired.
She stands.
One day she gives Kwame an ultimatum -- either he marries her  or the relationship is over.
Kwame is not sure   he also likes his freedom.
What to do.
He loves Yasmine.
To top it off  he has not been getting much positive feedback.
Who are married.
He has been unwillingly placed.
Now he has to choose.
He has become accustomed to  or keeping the love.
<EOS>
Zach is a soul collector  an angel.
Who collects souls and takes them up.
He is sent to live as a human being for thirty days on a Texas cattle ranch.
There  he falls with the ranch owner  Rebecca  a widowed single mother.
He influences the lives.
<EOS>
Halley Marie Martin is a 17-year-old high school student.
Who is disillusioned after seeing many dysfunctional relationships around her.
Her parents are now divorced.
Her father  Len Martin  a radio talk show host  has a new young girlfriend.
The entire family despises  mainly because she s the reason.
Her mother  Lydia  is now always.
While her sister  Ashley  is so overwhelmed that she barely exists in the house anymore.
The shallowness of all the girls and guys at her school convinces Halley.
Finding true love is impossible.
Halley tries to warn her.
When Halley walks.
Lie ahead.
Ignoring her advice  Scarlett embarks.
Halley must deal with Ashley.
The rest must deal with her soon-to-be in-laws  Louis  overbearing Southern parents.
Who still have a maid  who just happens to be.
Halley runs into classmate Macon Forrester  a slacker.
Who never shows up and is more interested in having fun than school work.
He is Michael Sherwood s best friend.
Then a few weeks later  tragedy strikes.
Michael dies.
Halley  Scarlett and other classmates watch helplessly.
This event changes the lives forever.
Macon gives a moving speech.
Scarlett does her best to look beautiful at his funeral.
Struggling  Scarlett  at age sixteen  soon learns.
She is pregnant.
Scarlett reveals the pregnancy to her mother.
Halley s father  Len Martin  marries his mistress  Lorna   with guests from all over the world  or within his radio frequency.
Halley puts it.
Halley and Macon eventually start a relationship.
He takes her and once come close to having sex.
Halley and her mother get  Halley sneaks out with Macon to a party.
Again  they come very close but this time Halley stops it.
Macon is upset.
They are both upset and distracted and hit a tree.
Halley gets a broken arm.
Otherwise they both walk away unharmed.
Halley breaks up.
She ca nt wait around for him to grow up.
Later things go awry.
When Halley finds Ashley drunk.
Finding a male stripper s thong  Halley witnesses the break-up of her sister s engagement.
She also learns.
Her mother sneaks out once a week to have sex.
Lewis proposes to Ashley again  this time at a crowded airport  she says yes.
Macon bursts into Len s radio studio  professing his apologies and love to Halley.
He then heads.
He finds Scarlett.
Who insisted  going into labor on the side of the road.
He puts her and walks into the wedding  getting Halley s attention.
The three rush  leaving Scarlett s mother behind in the rush.
Halley makes a list.
Scarlett is having her baby.
She hates.
Halley playfully uses Macon s ` Jedi Mind Trick.
They kiss and dance briefly.
The movie ends.
Halley and Macon embrace.
We see.
Scarlett gave birth.
<EOS>
It all started exactly 13 years ago.
When Mary Graves  older sister was murdered prom night by a power-mowing maniac.
Poor Mary  she has experienced horror  sexual frustration  even psychoanalysis.
She still sees little lawnmowers everywhere.
But tonight will be different.
Tonight   all the questions of the past 13 years will be answered.
The pumpkin headed killer has returned.
But hot is an obsessed cop.
Who wo nt allow history to repeat itself.
<EOS>
A young doctor is suspected.
When a series the Ripper copycat killings is committed.
However   his identical twin brother claims to have seen visions.
When the doctor himself is murdered.
<EOS>
Emily Boynton  stepmother - Lennox  Raymond and Carol - and mother to Ginevra  blackmails the family lawyer  Jefferson Cope  into destroying a second will of her late husband.
Would have freed the children.
She takes herself  the children and her daughter-in-law Nadine to Europe and the Holy Land.
The great detective Hercule Poirot meets up with a woman friend  Dr Sarah King.
Who falls to Emily s disapproval.
Lady Westholme  her secretary Miss Quinton and lawyer Cope are following them too.
The children discover.
The second will and Emily succeeds.
Emily is found dead.
Poirot investigates.
<EOS>
Eric Stoner  nicknamed The Kid  is an up-and-coming poker player.
He hears  and decides to take him on.
Lancey Howard  a long-time master  is in town.
The Kid s friend Shooter cautions him  reminding the Kid.
He thought he was the best five-card stud player  until Howard gutted him when they played.
Howard arrives and arranges a game with William Jefferson Slade and secures Shooter s services as dealer.
Howard takes Slade  angering Slade and wounding his pride.
That night  Slade tries to bribe Shooter into cheating in the Kid s favor.
A big game has been arranged.
Slade calls worth $ 12000  and blackmails him by threatening to reveal damaging information about his wife  Melba.
When Shooter declines.
He holds.
Slade tells him.
When Shooter asks him why he wants him to cheat.
He wants to see Howard gutted the way Howard gutted him.
Shooter agonizes  having spent the last 25 years building a reputation for integrity.
Melba tries to seduce the Kid.
He rebuffs her  and spends the day before the big game with Christian.
The big game starts.
He deals.
Stoner is short $ 2000 and Slade steps in to stake him.
Several hours later  Howard busts one player  perhaps.
The remaining players take a break.
Lady Fingers   takes over as dealer and continues to needle him.
Who s been delighting.
Shooter only deals the game  and then.
The game wears on.
When Howard outplays them.
Who catches on to Shooter s cheating.
The Kid calls and confronts Shooter.
Who brags as a mechanic but admits to being forced into cheating by Slade.
The Kid insists and tells Shooter to deal straight.
He can win.
He ll blow the whistle  destroying Shooter s reputation.
Melba tries again to seduce the Kid and succeeds.
The game resumes.
Christian makes a surprise visit  catches them after the fact and walks out on the Kid.
Slade tells the Kid.
Shooter will continue to cheat.
The Kid tells him.
He wo nt allow Shooter to cheat  insisting he ll beat Howard.
Back  the Kid maneuvers to have Shooter replaced by Lady Fingers  and wins several major pots from Howard.
Who is visibly losing confidence.
The Kid is on the button.
<EOS>
