The story replaces the traditional image with that of a determined  tomboyish girl.
Retaining much.
<EOS>
The film starts just and shows the political and personal side of Benito Mussolini aka Il Duce s fall from power until his death and the end of the war.
It delves in-law  daughter  wife  mistress  and admiration of Hitler.
<EOS>
Art student Perry befriends an elderly homeless man named Bruce Nugent.
Who turns out to have been an important figure.
Bruce chronicles some of the challenges.
He faced.
Perry discovers.
The challenges he faces in the early 21st century closely parallel Bruce s.
<EOS>
Louis Wolheim plays the boss.
The film opens.
A repair crew is dispatched to clear the tracks.
Several hobos are lounging nearby and are put to work helping the repair crew.
One  played by Robert Armstrong  is discovered to have been a former railroad engineer.
Who lost his job due.
He is given a new job by the yard boss  but quickly falls in love with the boss s fiancee  played by Jean Arthur.
Jealousy grows with both of them attempting to win her in marriage.
Things come during a fight in the railroad yard between the two.
Which Wolheim is hit and injured.
To save his life  Armstrong must transport him to Chicago for surgery.
<EOS>
B.
C.
A group  including the arch-druid Guttuart  witness the passing of a comet and interpret it as the sign of the coming of a king for their country Gaul.
Has not had a king.
Guttuart goes to attend a meeting of Gallic tribal chieftains.
The young boy Vercingetorix  along the young girl Eponia  sneak into a large cavern.
Where Celtill  Vercingetorix s father and chieftain  hosts the meeting of chieftains with the intention of proclaiming himself king of all Gauls.
An arrow hits Celtill in the back.
When Celtill shows off the crown once worn.
Gobanittio  Celtill s brother  places Celtill.
The Roman spies flee.
Vercingetorix tries to rush in to help his father.
Guttuart prevents the young boy and explains.
Destiny requires Celtill to meet his fate.
The young Vercingetorix   swears revenge.
Watching his uncle burn his father alive.
Many years later  the grown  having been educated among the druids  continues to seek revenge against his uncle.
He and Guttuart go.
Guttuart flees.
Caesar   invites Vercingetorix and the Arvenes to participate and gives Vercingetorix a horse to ride back to Gergovia.
Who held the position.
Vercingetorix first avenges his father s death by killing his uncle and then tells his tribe of Caesar s offer to give one half of the booty.
The tribe joins to Britain.
Various chieftains gather to hear Caesar speak of his planned invasion of Britain.
Dumnorix  chieftain  is skeptical of the Romans and tells Caesar.
He does not want to go.
Caesar takes his children anyway.
Later  Vercingetorix is reunited in a private meeting with Caesar.
Who shows the old crown of the kings of Gaul.
Caesar suggests.
The numerous Gallic tribes should be united.
Vercingetorix refuses Caesar s offer.
The king should be chosen by destiny.
Caesar orders Vercingetorix to capture him.
Dumnorix attacks a Roman garrison.
The latter tells him.
When Vercingetorix confronts Dumnorix.
It was the Romans who orchestrated Celtill s death.
Two Roman officers have been following Vercingetorix.
One kills Dumnorix instantly with a sling stone to the forehead.
Vercingetorix kills the Roman.
Who slew Dumnorix and sends the other one back.
Vercingetorix   uses scorched earth tactics against the Romans.
He reluctantly spares the city from the torch.
Caesar orders the massacre and leads his army to Gergovia to attack Vercingetorix and the Arvernes.
The Eduens also arrive.
They abruptly end their alliance.
A terribly disappointed Caesar curses.
All the Gauls and his army is forced to retreat.
Caesar forms a pact.
The Gallic chieftains elect Vercingetorix.
The Teutons ambush two and the presence of the Teutons concerns Vercingetorix.
Vercingetorix goes.
The Romans quickly build a circle of fortifications around the city and this forces Vercingetorix to wait inside the city for a Gallic relief army to arrive.
Problems delays its arrival at Gergovia.
Vercingetorix orders fortifications  and not attack them.
When the relief army finally arrives.
The Gauls simply surround the Romans  who are now trapped.
Caesar is aware.
His army will starve if the Gauls do not attack.
He is confident.
Destiny will play its part.
The Gauls clamour reluctantly agrees to lead them in the fight.
Gallic warriors rush.
The Romans shoot them down.
All was lost.
When Caesar unleashes the Teutons.
They withdraw amidst the large field.
Vercingetorix resigns and rides out to give himself up to the Romans at their fort.
Where he lays down his weapons and kneels.
The film ends.
Caesar was assassinated.
C.
Vercingetorix  imprisoned in Rome  was executed two years earlier by order of Caesar.
<EOS>
Sreeram is.
Sindhu is a middle-class girl.
Sreeram is impressed at first sight.
He helps her solve her family problems.
She misunderstands him.
The rest is all about.
The two understand the power and tie the knot on the same day they meet.
<EOS>
Albert Aachen is found dead  the murder weapon a poison dart.
Detective Hercule Poirot suspects.
When a woman named Betty Barnard becomes the next victim.
Sir Carmichael Clarke could be.
A beautiful woman named.
He and Captain Hastings look.
Amanda Beatrice Cross becomes the focus  at least until she leaps into the Thames.
<EOS>
New York stenographer Marilyn David has become good friends.
Who takes the same subway as she does each morning.
Peter is crazy  but she meets and has her eye on wealthy Englishman Charles Gray.
They fall.
Charles is the son  a titled British nobleman   good looking  and minor royalty  tipping the scales in his favour.
Means Charles is rich.
Charles proposes marriage.
She turns him down.
Charles leaves town.
Marilyn discovers and already engaged.
He is a duke s son.
Marilyn confides.
Who is ecstatic and publicizes her as the ` No Girl.
Who refused a chance to marry.
So Marilyn is suddenly famous.
She cashes.
She succeeds.
Marilyn s fame causes Charles to take a second look  he asks her to reconsider.
Marilyn wonders.
She might be better off after all.
But can she decide.
<EOS>
The film concerns the childhood.
Born  he was taken to Burma as a child hostage  there he became acquainted with sword fighting and became a threat to the Burmese empire.
The film begins  during the Burmese siege of Phitsanulok  the center of the languishing Sukhothai kingdom.
Naresuan s father  Maha Thammarachathirat  admits defeat and follows Burmese orders.
His two sons  Naresuan and Ekathotsarot  be taken hostage and be raised under the watchful eyes of Bayinnaung  the Burmese king.
This creates a rift.
Whose brother is the king.
Phitsanulok is now a Burmese vassal state.
Naresuan sees the palace politics and rivalries between himself and Bayinnaung s grandson  Minchit.
Naresuan is sent to be educated  by an ethnic Mon Buddhist monk named Khanchong  at a Buddhist monastery outside the palace.
There   he befriends Bunthing  a Thai street child.
Wandering the Thai village.
Who is later allowed to work.
He also befriends Maneechan  a temple girl.
The monk Khanchong   teaches Naresuan the skills.
Who had also trained Bayinnaung.
Bayinnaung dies from natural causes.
Thammaracha  the governor-king  believes.
It is important that he go and pay respect that the new Burmese king Nanda would deem it as an insult and attack Ayutthaya.
King Naresuan  however  having been raised and  convinces Thammaracha to let him go in his place.
Who regards Bayinnaung.
Naresuan s childhood teacher  a Buddhist monk named Khan Chong  informs him about the dangers.
King Nanda and many factions are plotting his assassination.
All representatives from vassal kingdoms are present besides for one  the Krang kingdom.
King Nanda sees it and seizes the opportunity to wage war and siege the mountain top city.
Naresuan s Ayutthaya army is successful and shows rival Burmese armies  namely of the Lord of Pyay and of Minchit  the capabilities of the Siamese force.
Burmese rivals felt even more threatened.
Naresuan s friend  Bunthing  falls for the princess of Krang.
Who becomes his companion.
A plot is uncovered.
The Burmese are.
Naresuan executes the plotters and ceremoniously declares Ayutthaya free and sovereign from Hanthawadi.
King Nanda and his Burmese are furious and begin a military campaign to capture and kill king Naresuan and liberated.
Siamese subjects can reach the Sittoung River.
King Naresuan uses the strategy.
His forces built a wooden bridge and engage the pursuing Burmese army.
They follow.
Several battles took place.
However   the Siamese citizens and forces have already crossed.
The Burmese forces catch up.
The Burmese  determined to defeat the Siamese  try to pursue Naresuan s forces.
The king is then approached.
Here  he is given a special musket.
Is capable.
The movie portrays king Naresuan firing the musket across the Sittaung River  and with one strike  killing the general of the Burmese army.
Burmese forces retreated back to Hanthawadi.
King Naresuan and his now independent Siamese forces head back.
The king declares  It s not over yet  there is more work to do.
2010 film market is there for the taking TheNation.
Com 07-12-09 Part IV was released.
Part V will be released.
<EOS>
Crazy Sexy Cancer is the personal video diary.
Carr s struggle begins after a visit to the doctor  following a particularly difficult yoga class.
Initially thinking  Carr is devastated to learn.
It was a yoga-related injury.
She has a rare form.
Carr is told.
Her tumors are not behaving aggressively  and so her doctor advises that she watch and wait before having more tests to determine whether the tumors change  grow  or remain the same.
Carr  Kris.
Crazy Sexy Cancer Tips.
Skirt Publications .
Her first stop is a shopping trip to the organic grocer Whole Foods.
Her careful and precise monitoring allows her a sense of control.
She finds comforting.
<EOS>
Madhav Apte is a common man.
He has strong values and does not believe.
When the future is involved.
He fights.
When he sees injustice and corruption  which include his colleagues  his boss  shop keepers  school principal and even his wife.
His principles and his behavior is a cause.
She is tired.
He is pushed by everybody.
Who finds his path to handle.
One day he snaps.
He goes.
Goes and then starts a mayhem on the streets of Mumbai.
<EOS>
A socially awkward  overweight  naive ugly duckling   Muriel Heslop is the target.
Who is obsessed.
She considers her friends.
She also is a perpetual daydreamer  a corrupt politician and their unambitious children.
Who yearns.
Who verbally lashes out.
She leaves her family to set up house in Sydney with her carefree  hedonistic friend Rhonda.
Bill discovers Muriel has used a blank cheque to steal money to finance a vacation.
She follows her dream  only to discover life s realities.
Muriel s Wedding deals.
Ostensibly a comedy.
The overriding theme is regularly punctuated by scenes depicting the disappointments and loss of.
Frequently accompany the quest.
<EOS>
The movie starts.
Raghavan Thampi and his wife Subhadra are looking.
Prabhakaran is aspiring to become a great mrithangam player.
Pradeep is a college student.
Subharda tries to commit suicide.
He refused to marry Shailaja.
Then finally Prabhakaran commits to marry Shailaja.
Prabhakaran scolds Shailaja for any mistakes severely.
Prabhakaran takes Shailaja to watch a movie.
They encounter some goons.
Who make fun who was too afraid to face them.
He tries to ignore them.
Their abuses turned out to be too much for his wife.
Shailaja turned out to be a Karate expert.
She fights the goons.
The goons have no chance.
Her Karate kicks and punches are too good.
Shailaja has a dream.
Where she sees that her husband is being attacked.
She has to again fight them.
Pradeep falls with Roshini.
They get married secretly.
Pradeep and Roshini marry secretly to hide the marriage.
Roshini and Shailaja turned out to be old friends.
Hence Roshini takes Pradeep to stay.
Pradeep tries every possible trick to get out of the house.
He asks his brother.
Prabhakaran devises a plan.
Which he will try to prove that Roshini is a thief so that they are thrown out of the house.
The plan fails and Prabhakaran.
Himself is caught.
He is released.
The original thief commits that he is the one who stole the jewellery.
Roshini is shown.
Kidnapped. 
Pradeep goes to save her.
But both are caught.
The entire family reaches the police station to get him released.
Some goons reach there.
Who are captured.
One takes Shailaja captive.
Shailaja bashes up the goons.
Eventually a bomb blows up the police station.
The entire family escapes unhurt.
<EOS>
Burlesque chorus girl Orchid Murphy attracts the attention.
Who is posing.
Finding her manner quite refreshing.
He usually meets.
He leaves.
She agrees.
Orchid takes a course to better prepare herself for Brian s world.
She becomes too polished  however.
Is happy to become herself again.
When asked to marry him upon his return.
<EOS>
First  a pair honeymooners traveling by train.
Then  a year later  the same coach is carrying the man.
There are two wild cards  the man s wife and a terminally ill reporter.
It seems hopeless.
<EOS>
Joseph W.
Randall  the city editor  reluctantly agrees.
When publisher Bernard Hinchecliffe plans to boost circulation  involving a secretary  Nancy Voorhees  who shot the man who got her pregnant and then refused to marry her.
Nancy is now married  and has a daughter  Jenny  about to marry the son of a socially prominent family  Philip Weeks.
She reacts at the renewed interest in the scandal she had put behind her.
To dig up dirt  Randall assigns an unscrupulous reporter  Reverend T.
Vernon Isopod.
Who wears a clerical collar.
They confess their concerns.
Nancy s past will come out.
He uses their information to write a story.
Randall prints.
Nancy tries get Randall to back away  but.
When he refuses she kills herself  as does her husband.
Phillip s parents pressure him to call off the wedding  but he refuses.
They disinherit him.
He stands up.
An enraged Jenny threatens Randall  attempting to force him to take responsibility for the deaths of her mother and father.
Philip shows up and calms her down.
A guilty Randall denounces Hinchecliffe and decides to quit the paper  as does his secretary Miss Taylor.
Who s been for years.
<EOS>
Donald inserts a coin to play a Mutoscope entitled Dance of the Seven Veils.
The pictures show dances.
Donald s viewing is rudely interrupted.
Next Donald tries out a crane machine to win a camera.
He comes up empty handed.
Then Donald goes.
His ride is very short.
The plane goes out  Donald nearly getting caught in the airplane propellers and becoming airsick.
When he tries to get another ride.
Donald leaves the arcade.
<EOS>
Willie Conway goes home.
He is.
He ca nt decide.
He should marry his girlfriend.
He ca nt decide.
He should quit his music and take a job.
He spends time with his old friends.
Who are all.
They all discover.
What it is that they want.
<EOS>
Tula  a thirty one year old unmarried woman   decides to bring her brother into her home.
Whose sister has just died.
She gradually usurps the privileges in law  and his children.
She takes.
She acts  but does not accept the sexual commitments or maternal responsibilities of her new role.
Ramiro  her brother  is attracted to Tula.
She dotes.
She spurns his affections.
She is also critical.
He attempts.
Ramiros  sexual frustration grows.
Tula s priest advises her to marry Ramiro.
She discovers.
When she is ready to agree.
Ramiro is paying court and obtaining sexual favors elsewhere.
Juanita becomes pregnant.
Ramiro is forced to marry her  taking his children and new wife.
The closing scene shows Tula waving goodbye departs  resigned to her spinster status.
<EOS>
Playtime is structured  a befuddled Frenchman lost in the new modernity of Paris.
Who repeatedly encounter one another.
The sequences are.
Follows  The Airport  the American tour group arrives.
The Offices  M.
Hulot arrives for an important meeting  but gets lost in a maze of disguised rooms and offices  eventually stumbling into a trade exhibition of lookalike business office designs and furniture nearly identical to those in the rest of the building.
The Trade Exhibition  M.
Hulot and the American tourists are introduced  including a door.
Slams with headlights.
The Paris goes all but unnoticed save for a flower-seller s stall and a single reflection of the Eiffel Tower in a glass window.
The Apartments.
Hulot meets an old friend.
Who invites him.
This sequence is filmed entirely through uncurtained floor-to-ceiling picture windows.
The Royal Garden  This sequence takes up almost the entire second half.
Hulot reunites with several characters.
He has periodically encountered.
The Carousel  Hulot buys Barbara two small gifts as mementos of Paris before her departure.
The tourists  bus returns to the airport.
<EOS>
Middle-aged and highly successful lawyer Bertrand Beauvois is hired to defend his mother edith Lassalle.
Who has killed her former lover.
Lassalle assigns a bodyguardto Beauvois  Christophe Abadi.
Audrey Varella  a beautiful local TV weather girl   enamors Beauvois  hoping to make a better life.
Who is highly promiscuous  and whose previous lovers include Christophe.
This.
Who have formed a bond  to stay away from her.
Audrey spends all her time  including nights of exhausting wild sex.
Beauvois entreats Christopher to do something.
She should disappear.
He then continues  for his final plead in the Lassalle case.
Christopher pushes Audrey and her scooter from the road  and kills her.
Beauvois willingly takes the blame.
We see Mrs Lassalle being freed prison after only one year of imprisonment.
Beauvois remains.
<EOS>
Dolly was an orphan and poor.
Her only beacon.
Who was her junior brother.
She could not afford food and good hospital treatment.
Tired  she vowed.
He should take her life.
The angels took her up on this vow.
She won.
A lottery and her luck turned around.
She became.
A rich lady was fast approaching.
Her best friend  decides.
Who wanted her to get married.
Who was returning.
The king struck.
He sent his dark angel to extract his pound.
<EOS>
Cheung is given four weeks to live.
Inspector Ho Sheung-Sang  a police negotiator  has been called.
He eats.
S being bungled.
Listening  Ho feels and goes in the negotiate with the robbers  but finds them nervous and arguing with each other.
The robbers are professionals.
A man amongst.
The hostages stands up and shoots the robbers dead.
Claiming to be an off duty officer  Inspector Ho recognizes his sniffling.
He went in.
Inspector Ho leaves the crime scene to grab some breakfast.
The police rush in.
An old man takes pictures of him.
Cheung has taken an interest.
Who he discovers was a former member SDU.
He then stages his own robbery to get with him.
He scares away the personnel and takes the manager hostage  stuffing his jacket full of diamonds and money.
Cheung is met  so he drags out the negotiation longer.
Ho is called.
Cheung proposes to play a three-day long game.
When Ho finally appears.
Cheung shoots the manager and Ho.
The police give chase.
Cheung stalls them enough to make an escape.
The manager also reappears unharmed  having been shot.
Cheung makes his escape by posing as SDU and a cop.
Ho is the lone person giving chase  but meets after posing as a taxi driver.
Amazed  he ll admit defeat at the game.
Ho can take him before three days are over.
Cheung then pulls a gun a starts shooting out the window to test Ho s reaction.
Cheung flees and jumps aboard.
When Ho slams the brakes.
Cheung avoids them.
When stopped.
Having seen his gun  she cooperates  letting him put his sunglasses and taking one of the earphones on her music player.
Leaving the road block  he gets off.
The woman gets off as well  giving Cheung his sunglasses back.
Dealing  Ho realizes.
They have nt looked that Cheung held up.
Meanwhile  a man known only is having a diamond.
He had stolen appraised.
The two Americans ask.
Who stole the diamond.
Baldy pulls out his gun and points it.
Who confirms it s authenticity.
Baldy then kills the two Americans and takes the diamond.
Ho returns for further questioning  and sees Baldy entering the office space next door.
He tries to get in.
It stopped.
He puts a screw.
Cheung watches a video feed.
He coughs out blood  meaning.
He takes a drink.
His condition is worsening.
Ho tries to reason.
Why Cheung held up the finance company and not the jewelry or antique stores and why Cheung chose him for his game.
Ho receives a Cheung s package.
He leaves.
He meets up.
Who s given him information.
Who took pictures and appraised the diamond.
Peter Cheung was Baldy s boss.
Baldy kicked him out.
More focused  he skips having dinner with her to break into Baldy s office.
He s turned away.
When trying to get in.
Who s told that he s not on the case.
Ho sneaks in anyway.
Cheung watches him.
Using a packet  Ho enters the finance company and finds the grate.
He took.
Cheung s screw comes.
Going  he finds men.
Baldy had to keep an eye.
Ho tries to escape.
Cheung calls him and leads him.
Turns out to be a dead end.
Ho tries to pick the lock.
Is opened.
Knowing  Cheung reveals a car identical.
Baldy will come down to get the diamond out.
Cheung takes the diamond.
Ho and Baldy s men give chase.
The two are amazed.
Both Ho and Cheung get fired on.
They work together to get out  but Ho realizes.
Cheung is the one driving.
Cheung reiterates.
If Ho can get him  he wins.
However  Cheung drives the car.
Both men try to get the diamond.
Cheung walks.
Wong   tries to talk.
Who thinks the pills are Ho s.
Ho s Interpol friend comes and brings him more information.
Who died a year ago.
Cheung   sends Baldy proof.
Who has been masquerading.
He has the diamond and will give it back.
Ho meets.
He s still playing.
Though he s got the diamond.
Ho gives him a minute to give him a good reason not to arrest him now.
Cheung wants to have Ho arrest Baldy  but realizes.
Ho is nt doing this.
Cheung then taunts Ho  saying.
He s beating Ho.
Ho lets.
Him leave so they can finish their game.
Cheung takes a bus.
Where he meets the woman.
The bus is pulled over.
The woman invites Cheung over.
She takes him.
He leaves.
When he starts coughing up blood.
Cheung has set the place to make the exchange at a bowling alley.
Is being staked out.
Ho bumps.
He s been running.
Who still does nt recognize him.
Cheung has Ho make the exchange.
Baldy has Cheung.
Who s disguised  get the money.
Ho tries to get Wong to check in.
Wong does nt get the message.
Cheung   takes off his disguise and makes the exchange himself  telling Ho.
Who s taken out Baldy s man and the cop while getting the money.
The woman is conning him.
Baldy takes Cheung s bag.
Holds a bowling ball  and throws it.
The police move in and arrest Baldy.
Cheung leaves the scene.
Ho catches up  finally arrests him and prepares to take him to the police station.
Cheung reveals another bomb and pulls out another detonator.
Ho calls him.
Starts a timer.
Cheung   wishes  so Ho stops and gets out.
Who knows he s going to die soon.
He not die.
The timer reaches zero.
Starts up the car.
Cheung escapes again.
Ho simply ignores him and goes to grab something to eat.
When Wong berates Ho.
Cheung drives away  smiling.
Ho reads.
Someone using his name donated $ 20 million HK.
He hops and meets.
The woman Cheung kept running.
Ho admires the diamond.
She brushes it off.
He asks.
Who gave it.
She says.
She has nt seen him.
Ho tells her to hold on.
<EOS>
Henry Jekyll s wife Kitty cheats with his friend Paul Allen.
Ignoring the warnings  Jekyll concocts.
A chemical potion which he hopes will help him learn the depths.
Testing the potion  he transforms into Mr Hyde  a young and handsome  but also murderous and lecherous beast.
Soon  Hyde becomes bored.
He decides.
When his eyes catch Kitty.
He must have her.
Hyde rapes and murders her  and frames his other self.
When Kitty rejects him.
<EOS>
Three brothers meet each other after their mother s death.
Believing  they quickly spend their money.
They will inherit her fortune.
However   the brothers become closer.
When the inheritance does not transpire.
They try to work out what to do.
<EOS>
Cathy Baikas is a woman.
Who lives with her three-year-old daughter.
Cathy discovers.
When her daughter s father kidnaps the child and takes her back.
The authorities can do little to help her.
She turns.
The editor proves sympathetic to Cathy s problem and begins giving her case press coverage.
The film is based.
<EOS>
The concept is explained in a voiceover intro by G.
W.
Bailey  like.
Who wonders what it would be.
One were to be made today.
In a scene reminiscent of The Wizard of Oz  the cinematogaphy shifts from black & white to color and the soundtrack changes from mono to Dolby Digital surround sound.
Rex OHerlihan  a singing cowboy  is the only character aware of the plot outline.
He explains.
He knows the future inasmuch as these Western towns are all the same and that it s his karma to ride  help the good guys  who are usually poor for some reason  against the bad guys  who are usually rich for some reason  and ride out again.
Rex s knowledge is also connected.
He digs up and eats.
Wildfire  Rex rides into the town of Oakwood Estates  walks into a saloon and meets Peter  the Town Drunk.
Peter explicates the background  the town  and especially the sheep herders  are being terrorized by the cattle ranchers  headed by Colonel Ticonderoga.
Also there is Miss Tracy  the traditional Prostitute.
A local sheriff is a corrupt old coward.
Who takes his orders.
Blackie  the foreman  swaggers into the bar with two of his henchmen and shoots one of the sheep herders.
Miss Tracy objects  hot words are exchanged.
Blackie is accidentally shot by his henchmen.
Rex then shoots the guns out.
Peter exchanges his drunk suit  catches up with Rex  and is reluctantly accepted.
Peter finds not one but two women  Miss Tracy and the Colonel s daughter.
There eager to get to know Rex a little better.
The Colonel goes.
Who wear duster.
We should stick together.
Look  we re both rich  we re both.
What we have.
We re both Colonels --.
S got to count.
But then the Colonels import Wrangler Bob Barber  apparently another Good Guy.
Bob psychs out Rex by attacking Rex s claim to be the most good Good Guy and pointing out.
A Good Guy has to be a confident heterosexual.
I thought.
It was just a heterosexual  Rex objects.
No  it s a confident heterosexual  responds Bob.
Rex backs down.
Kisses the girls and rides out again.
Preparing to change roles  Rex explains to Peter that he rides into town.
That s all  I just kiss em.
I mean  this is the.
You got ta date and date and date and date and sometimes marry em  you know  Bob reports.
Rex is finished.
Nevertheless  the Colonels   arrange for Peter to be bushwhacked.
This rouses Rex to round up the sheep herders and face down Bob and the rancher/railroad combine.
Bob is revealed.
I m a lawyer.
Colonel Ticonderoga makes the peace.
He apologizes and throws a party at Rancho Ticonderoga.
Which Rex and Peter ride off together.
<EOS>
Caesar  an effete tough guy and his slovenly half brother  Otto  have signed up.
The other counselors start disappearing one.
When the mysterious Carrie shows up.
<EOS>
Charles Coward is a senior British NCO incarcerated.
He encourages his fellow inmates to escape  and tries to humiliate the German guards.
He first attempts to escape.
He is taken.
Where his identity is revealed.
He lies.
He then digs a tunnel  and  using a map  escapes.
He has obtained.
They are captured.
They then manage to escape again by masquerading as workmen clearing rubble in a rural area.
The American front line is only a mile away.
Their plan works - a German troop convoy moves aside to allow the fire engine to pass through.
They drive the vehicle.
<EOS>
Only son  Carlitos  suddenly finds himself the man.
When his father dies.
He falls with an offbeat girl and is forced to make a choice between following his heart or risk losing the love of the family.
Has nurtured him all his life.
<EOS>
Dr Ajay Patanayak  a doctor does nt believe in the existing of God.
His wife Basanti having no child has immense faith.
She is also deeply attached.
Laxmi  a neighbor has love interest.
Bijay visits.
Puri s Sri Lokanath Temple gets a son.
Basanti becomes pregnant and delivers a son.
The happy family named the child after the deity.
Bijay feels neglected and leaves the house.
Lokanath grows up.
Bijay becomes a tutor.
Laxmi marries to a Zamindar named Surya of Puri.
Three year elapse  Basanti and his husband to offer oblation to Lord Sri Lokanath.
They are however prevented.
The chile Lokanath is bitten.
His body is taken.
Basanti now suffering starts pilgrimage with her husband.
And Bijay involved in an accident becomes half mad.
Years gone  Laxmi and Surya have got a daughter Uma.
Who has a love interest  son of Prakash  a friend of Surya.
One day Ashok  while driving a lunatic thrusts himself.
Ashok takes him.
Where Uma recognize the man.
The massage conveyed.
Bijay recovers partly his memory feels attracted towards Ashok and tries to arrange the marriage of Uma with him.
Prakash discloses.
Ashok is not his child.
All the family members are united and go.
Ajay lastly admits.
Some heavenly power is guiding human destiny.
<EOS>
Nellie and her younger brother George are sent.
Waiting to be renovated.
However  the farmhouse and the surrounding area are teeming.
The first the two children encounter is a hobgoblin named Broom.
Who is secretly looking.
George inadvertently stumbles and ends up in the realm of fairies.
Playing outside.
Nellie  alerted  goes after him  but arrives only just in time to find George eating from a fairy cake.
The law states.
A mortal who consumes fairy food must remain forever.
Nellie and George strongly - and vociferously - protest  however  and so the Fairy Prince  the ruler  offers them a chance by setting three tasks for them.
However  is.
What they do not know.
The evil brother tries to manipulate the children to usurp the rulership of the fairy realm.
The Prince falls in love with the human farmhand Brigid.
Proves pivotal.
<EOS>
Rajakumaran is the son.
Yuvaraj hates Rajakumaran and his village.
Selvi and Vaidehi are.
He chooses Vaidehi.
Selvi decides to sacrifice her love  her father Selvaraj refuses to give his property.
Promised. 
His only request is.
Rajakumaran gets married.
Selvi convinced Rajakumaran to lie  he lies.
He gives his property.
Vaidehi committed.
Suicide and Rajakumaran reveals his lie.
One day  some goons decide to put a bomb.
Rajakumaran saves the village.
The village thinks.
The culprit was Thangaraj because he wanted after his lie.
Angry  Thangaraj insults Rajakumaran s father.
Rajakumaran s father died.
Yuvaraj asks to marry Selvi.
They accept.
The village was.
A man came and said.
A deaf-mute girl  who learnt to read and to write  was the witness by Yuvaraj.
Yuvaraj cancelled the marriage and decided to humiliate Selvi.
Rajakumaran saves her.
He decides to marry her.
<EOS>
The East and West Appleton Jr.
High Schools compete yearly.
The West is trailing in the race for the Mighty Apple by one  with the big basketball game about to take place that night.
A pep rally takes place.
Where Todd  the star and the most popular kid in the school  promises he wo nt let the school down.
Alex  Elisa  Delia  and Ken   greet this proclamation.
Who are seen for wearing retro clothing.
Ken informs the others.
He will be late  because his dad  who is crazy about the Mighty Apple rivalry  is forcing him to attend the basketball game.
Todd  Leo  and Flip ask Alex  Elisa  Delia  and Ken.
They ll be attending the game tonight to show them support.
Their question is met.
Flip challenges any to a 1-on-1 basketball game.
Delia responds he d lose to a little girl because of her superior understanding of physics.
Causes Todd  Leo  and Flip to back off.
The others ask you like to know.
Todd  Leo  and Flip leave.
Delia if she has ever played basketball before  Would nt.
The alley is shown to be somewhat rundown  due.
There is talk.
Alex s family may have to sell the alley.
Alex is shown to be quite adept.
His father appreciates since there is no money.
Only Alex s dad  Kevin  has any interest.
He listens.
Todd wins the game by swishing a last second shot.
Ties up the race.
The special tiebreaker clause has to be invoked ever.
The schools compete.
This concerns Mayor McLemore  mayor and Todd s dad.
The next day  it is revealed.
The tiebreaker athletic event will be bowling  as this is the only sport that both schools have teams in.
Additionally  the rules state.
Only students who signed up at the beginning of the school year are eligible to compete.
This worries Mayor McLemore further.
This means winning the Mighty Apple is dependent.
It is implied.
Todd and Alex s fathers have had a major falling out.
None know.
What they re talking about.
West Appleton Jr.
High s principal is also very worried and frantically searches for the list of members of his schools bowling club with Ms.
Johnson.
He finds.
Todd McLemore s name is also on the sign-up sheet for the Bowling Club  which makes him eligible to compete.
Todd is flabbergasted.
He never signed up.
This means.
In order to win the Mighty Apple  Todd is forced to co-exist and work  people he views as losers.
Alex  Elisa  Delia  and Ken are shown discussing this turn at Nancy s old fashion diner  their second favorite hangout spot.
It is revealed  so the event will be held at their home alley  the alley.
West Appleton won the coin toss.
Alex s dad owns.
Todd s first few bowling sessions with the others show him to be a very poor bowler  mostly due to his propensity to overthrow the ball.
The tension between Mayor McLemore and Kevin Thompson continue.
The kids still have no idea why they are so angry.
Elisa  Delia  and Ken are delighted by this change in events.
They enjoy seeing Todd  the Golden Boy  knocked down a few pegs.
Still  they offer him advice.
To improve.
Todd repeatedly rebuffs them  claiming.
He just needs to practice and does nt need their help.
Todd derides the others attitude  telling them.
They need to want and expect to win.
It seems extremely unlikely they Todd and Alex  Elisa  Delia  and Ken will be able to set aside their differences for the greater good.
Mayor McLemore and East Appleton s Mayor Hanburger are ratcheting up the stakes for the bowling match.
First  they bet 40 gallons.
Alex catches up with Todd and offers to help him become a better bowler.
Todd responds.
Alex responds by stating.
He s does nt need or want pity or party invites.
Lauren approaches them and invites Alex to her party tonight.
Alex accepts.
This cements Alex s offer to help Todd improve.
Todd chafes that he wear a retro bowling shirt with the name Dirk on it.
Alex responds.
You ve failed lesson one.
Alex and Todd are next seen.
Alex is seen.
Alex feels uncomfortable  as the only people he knows.
Are Todd  Leo  Flip  and Lauren -- people who have never considered him a friend -- and the music is not the swing-style music he.
His friends enjoy.
Lauren expresses relief.
When Alex leaves the party early.
She and Todd begin to dance.
It is implied.
Lauren and the others are only being nice.
Alex is the best bowler.
They need him to win the Mighty Apple.
Alex stops at Elisa s house and apologizes for missing bowling that night.
He initially lies  but soon comes clean and admits.
He was.
Elisa is shocked and asks him.
He even knew anyone.
She shows him her score.
Is a.
He apologizes and promises.
He ll be there when she bowls a.
She asks him to promise.
She wo nt lose him.
Next  Alex  Elisa  Delia  and Ken teach Todd.
To bowl.
Todd tells the others.
There would be many more customers.
Alex does nt seem too interested.
He likes bowling because it s not the most popular thing to do.
He realizes.
His family need to do something to improve the fortunes or they ll be forced to sell it.
Todd is shown as continually improving as a bowler.
His only major weakness is converting 7-10 splits.
He repeatedly attempts but never successfully converts.
Nevertheless  he proclaims.
When the big day comes  he will convert the shot.
Todd confronts the other four about their not wanting to win.
The others defend themselves  saying.
They want to win  just.
Ken is especially vocal  pointing out  but up   Ken is facing an intense amount of pressure from his father.
His dad has always dreamed.
This point bowling was nt one that East and West Appleton competed in during the battle for the Mighty Apple.
He tells Todd.
If he thinks they do nt care  he s dead wrong.
This helps Todd and the others come to terms with one another.
They begin to become a little more.
Meanwhile   Mayor Hanburger is shown greeting a bowling coach to help prepare his team.
The coach is not named or seen.
Todd continues to improve.
A bowler and the group hatches a plan to attract more customers.
Delia christens the event.
The Bowling Ball and Alex and Todd set to work for the event  which will be held the next Friday night.
Alex tells Todd.
The bowling alley does nt have any money to buy supplies or accessories.
Todd uses his charm and status to get various local businesses to donate paint  lights  printed flyer s  and other supplies to him.
Todd tells Alex.
The confidence he shows is an act  as Todd believes that it s important to make other people think you re going to win  as it rubs off on them and gives them confidence.
After another practice session  Todd and Alex decide to spy on the East Appleton team  to scout them.
They find.
The East Appleton team is stacked.
Additionally  they are coached.
Who has molded them.
Todd greets this discovery.
Alex is confident that they wo nt bowl strikes every time.
Todd bails  not wanting to watch any more.
This proves to be fortuitous.
The East Appleton team spots Alex spying just after Todd leaves.
Todd is able to extricate Alex by claiming and telling the East Appleton team.
He told Alex not to spy.
He will deal personally.
Todd releases Alex and starts joking.
They are outside.
Catches Alex.
Alex s dad confides in Alex.
He applied the other day  and may have to sell the alley if things do nt turn around.
This pushes Alex.
He believes that the Bowling Ball event will be a big boon and hopefully help save it.
Previously  he had mentioned and.
He and Mayor McLemore used to be best friends.
Todd does nt believe him.
When Alex mentions this.
Principal Morris has booked some radio time with Sweet Lou for Todd.
He told Sweet Lou.
Todd is the captain  which upsets the other four.
Todd responds.
Sweet Lou is expecting him.
Who can accompany him.
Elisa  Delia  and Ken elect Alex.
He come afterwards and tell them all about it.
Todd is his typical brash  confident self.
Alex is less confident  but still gives up beat  positive answers about their chances of winning  showing.
Some has started to rub off on him.
Afterwards  Todd invites Alex to come hang out.
Alex accepts and blows off his true friends.
Ken offers to walk Elisa and Delia home.
They see Alex partying with the popular students.
Upsets them.
The next scene shows the group.
Where Alex is struggling while Todd is doing really well and continuing to improve.
Elisa tries to comfort him.
Alex s attitude remains negative.
It gets worse.
When Elisa reminds him that he blew them off last night.
Alex feels really bad.
Their bickering ends.
When Alex s dad Kevin asks them to stop bowling so the preparations can begin.
Next  the Bowling Ball event occurs and is shown to be a huge success.
Alex   blends in with the popular crowd  even changing out of his retro bowler clothing into an outfit very similar to the ones Todd wears.
Has attended the event.
However  Elisa  Delia  and Ken leave early.
They view Alex.
Alex is taking out the trash.
When he overhears Lauren  Leo  Flip  and other popular students talking.
This hurts Alex deeply.
He had just starting feeling accepted.
The next day  Alex s bowling continues to get worse.
He is now mired.
Mayor McLemore and Principal Morris stop by to give the team shirts for the event.
The shirts are shown to be low-quality.
Indicate how lowly the town holds the bowling team.
Alex  Elisa  Delia  and Ken out from Todd -- the winner of the event will now get to name the new middle school in addition to the previous bets.
The mayors have increased the stakes.
All makes.
He quits the team and storms out.
The others immediately blame Todd.
The West s odds of winning the Mighty Apple are starting to look very bleak indeed.
The next scene shows Elisa and Ken  discussing the recent turn of events.
Todd joins them  and relates the stress.
He feels.
He tells them.
Cool he thinks it is that their friends will still be their friends no matter what the result is.
Elisa and Ken respond.
They do want to win  but that they will be blamed for the win because of Todd.
Todd reconciles and agrees to go talk to Alex and try to get him to rejoin the team.
Causes Elisa.
He also says.
He s surprised at how good they ve become  and how much he enjoys bowling  despite his initial bias against it.
Finally  he thanks Alex.
Sports can also be fun  not just an intense.
He asks Alex to please return  and that tomorrow at the event  they ll just bowl for fun  win or lose  stating.
If he s driven Alex away he wo nt be able to have any fun.
He then reveals.
He s created new shirts.
Alex s shirt has the name Tex.
Todd says Alex looks.
Todd s shirt has the name Dirk.
Alex insisted he wear earlier.
Their goodbyes  Alex s dad comes outside and talks.
He reminds him.
Bowling is still fun  even if it s not quite what he wanted it to be.
He also tells Alex the story.
They used to be best friends and were the shortstop and second baseman.
High baseball team.
They both wanted to win the Mighty Apple really badly.
Mayor McLemore made.
A bad throw where making a good throw would have ended the game.
Kevin dropped the ball.
This event and wanting to win so badly tore them apart.
They were never friends.
They had been.
They blamed the Mighty Apple for this.
Kevin realizes now.
This is nt the case.
He uses this to Alex about wanting to win  but not at all costs  because letting this tear him.
Jeff apart was the stupidest thing.
To ever happen.
The next day  Alex is nowhere to be found.
The others have gathered.
The atmosphere is crazy.
There are even more people.
There were.
The mayors introduce the event  the Mighty Apple  and then the teams.
First  the Wolfpack are introduced.
This surprises Elisa  Delia  and Ken.
They ve never heard bowling before.
They question.
So many people would want to see them bowl.
Alex makes his triumphant return and tells them people.
Want to see them because our uniforms are so darn cool.
The Alley Cats win the coin toss and elect to go second.
Various shots are shown from the first 9 frames  the majority of them show both teams getting all strikes or spares  with the exception being a shot.
Todd has where he fails to convert the 7-10 split.
Additionally  Ken s father is shown.
Who is finally competing like he s dreamed of.
Heading  the East is ahead.
The West is working.
Gives them the opportunity to come back and win.
Alex needs to get 3 strikes.
Alex gets the first strike.
Much fun.
He should take his next shot.
They implore him to go bowl and stop fooling around.
He then successfully gets the second strike.
Finally   he successfully converts the third strike.
His success means.
The final East bowler needs to get 3 strikes to force Todd to make at least a spare to win.
Baron successfully obtains 3 strikes  putting the pressure.
Lucky the East is to have Todd McLemore coming up.
He wishes they had nt gone last so this pressure would nt be.
Everyone  especially Ken  tells him.
It s no sweat  since all he needs to do is get a spare.
Todd approaches the lane and fires a perfect shot.
Unfortunately a 7-10 split occurs.
He approaches his teammates and tells them.
They re going to lose now because he ca nt make this shot.
Delia speaks up and says.
They re not going to lose.
She can make this shot.
He verifies.
Delia can make this shot  then substitutes himself out.
This angers his father  Mayor McLemore.
Who orders him to unsubstitute himself because he s the best chance to win.
Todd shoots back Why.
Now I want you to go sit down and cheer.
Delia approaches the lane for the climactic shot.
However   she instead kneels down at the edge of the lane and puts her finger in the ball.
She gives the ball a gentle push down the lane.
Everyone  including both teams  are stunned and unsure of.
Someone would pursue such a strange tactic.
Delia gets up and walks away  not even looking and expressing complete confidence.
The ball slowly rolls.
Todd asks her you like to know.
She sits down.
She s ever tried this shot before.
Meanwhile  Sweet Lou is nearly having a heart attack.
Slowly the ball is moving.
Finally  the ball hits the 7 pin.
Spins and knocks it over.
This gives West Appleton a spare  the win  and the Mighty Apple.
Alex shares an emotional hug and tells them he s glad.
Bowling is still fun.
Todd shares a hug.
His Mom makes his Dad apologize.
Todd tells his Dad.
Bowling has taught him how to enjoy sports and not see them.
He now sees fun.
Todd still wants to win.
His dad begins to celebrate the fact.
The new school will now be named West Appleton Jr.
High  but Todd tells him.
It s not fair that someone loses their identity  and that the Alley Cats should get to decide the game since they won.
He did nt.
He eventually acquiesces and tells Mayor Hanburger.
This initially confuses Mayor McLemore.
They re not going to name the school.
Alex and the rest of the Alley Cats chime in and say.
They are going to name the school  and that it will be named Appleton Central.
Everyone ends up.
Happy and both the East and West celebrate.
<EOS>
A narrator explains the aims and merits of the National Health Service Act.
The narrator lists other public health services at the time  and mentions problems with healthcare in Britain  such as the inconsistent coverage provided by hospitals and the limitations of the current insurance scheme for low-paid workers.
Responding  the film depicts hypothetical scenarios involving Charley falling off his bicycle and his wife becoming ill.
Order to illustrate the benefits.
The previously doubtful Charley is convinced  and proceeds to convince his neighbour George.
<EOS>
Henri Kremer  a Catholic priest  is imprisoned in Dachau.
He experiences the horrors  including the crucifixion of some of his fellow prisoners.
When one day he is given an unexpected leave.
He returns.
Where the young SS officer Gebhardt tells him that he should convince his bishop to cooperate.
Gebhardt  himself a former candidate  tries to convince the priest.
The role is just what God wants from him.
Kremer is confronted  Should he betray his Church or should he return to the concentration camp.
<EOS>
The first part follows the actions of former Colonel and current Sergeant Nicotine Crockett.
Who   deserts his post with Kenny  Francisco and Tomboy  and robs the protagonists of the previous film.
Meanwhile  off the coast lies Plum Island  home to two feuding Irish families - the OFlynns and the Muldoons.
The former family  led  rounds up a posse and kill the undead of the island  learning.
The Muldoons  led are keeping their undead loved ones alive until a cure is found.
A brief standoff ends.
Thereafter the National Guard deserters find  and through him learn and visit a nearby dock as instructed.
Themselves joined.
Where a gunfight occurs.
Francisco successfully commandeers a ferry  biting the finger.
All OFlynns are killed by zombies and the deserters board the ferry.
En route  Patrick reveals.
He sent other strangers to anger Muldoon.
They discover.
The Muldoons have chained their zombies  whereas the living sent by Patrick have been killed by the Muldoons.
Two scouting Muldoons attack the deserters  shooting Crockett and Kenny.
Patrick attempts to gather allies.
The latter dies  and is shot in the head by Patrick to prevent reanimation.
Francisco asks to be shot to prevent his becoming a zombie  whereupon.
She complies and is captured.
It is now revealed.
The Janet OFlynn seen was in fact her twin sister Jane  while the true Janet  with Crockett and Boy  joins the OFlynns  attack on the Muldoons.
A standoff occurs.
Separates the two families  land.
The OFlynn group are captured.
Boy and Janet are forced.
It is later revealed.
Muldoon attempts to persuade the zombies to eat something other  as by inducing Jane OFlynn to consume a horse.
Most are consumed by zombies.
When this fails.
Muldoon and OFlynn create a truce immediately broken.
Who kills him.
Crockett and his group attempt to leave the island  whereupon Janet witnesses her sister bite the horse and rushes to tell Crockett s group the news  before his death.
Crockett  Boy  and Tomboy escape the island  whereon.
The zombies are seen eating the horse while the reanimated OFlynn and Muldoon attempt to kill one another once more.
<EOS>
Max Fleischer draws Betty  then leaves her.
Koko escapes and helps himself to a candy bar left behind by Max.
He soon gets a terrible toothache.
Betty tries to perform some amateur dentistry  but uses too much laughing gas.
The laughing gas spreads the room  making a cuckoo clock and a typewriter laugh hysterically.
The laughing gas then goes out the window and spreads.
Both people and inanimate objects begin laughing hysterically.
When Betty and Koko get back.
It begins laughing  but.
It gets tired.
<EOS>
The film opens by Fletch about his latest story  dealing with the drug trade on Los Angeles  beaches.
He is approached.
Undercover. 
Who says he has inoperable cancer and wants Fletch to kill him so that his family will receive his life insurance.
Stanwyk thinks.
Fletch is the perfect man  as he appears to be a person who can simply disappear after the shooting without any suspicions being raised.
Fletch agrees to kill Stanwyk.
When offered $ 50000  but is suspicious.
Investigating Stanwyk  Fletch uncovers a story much greater.
He discovers.
He uncovers the truth.
The police chief is.
<EOS>
The film is revolving round Rupak Chowdhury and his mentally retarded brother Joy along.
They live Ahi mama and his wife.
Who conspire.
Joy was given poisonous medicines.
Has damaged his nervous system.
Nobody loves Joy & their servant Harikaka.
Rupak takes Joy to their village.
Where they meet two sisters Mukul and Bakul.
Incidentally Rupak marries Mukul.
The bad-guies deny to accept her and continuously blame her for their sudden misfortune.
When they return back to home.
Mukul leaves home to cure him.
She sends Joy to Ananda Ashram under the supervision of Maharaj.
Ahimama sends his friend s daughter Kitty to woo Rohit but.
When Kitty comes to know.
Slowly Rinki and Rohit understand.
They are being misguided.
It s too late.
Ahimama kidnaps Rupak and Mukul - Bakul s parents & kills Harikaka.
So Mukkul Bakul and Joy come to rescue Rupak  fight bravely both die.
Fighting. 
Joy kills his Ahimama  takes his revenge  then goes  writes his autobiography Lakshyabhed in jail and then comes out from jail to live happily ever after with his family.
<EOS>
Volcanic Sprint is a documentary film.
Is located  in the city of Buea.
The film focuses  Sarah Etonge  Catherine Ngwang  Max Mwambo  Dominique Tedjojem  and Bart van Doorne.
It cuts between footage of the athletes with their families  at work  and training.
The second half covers the race itself  starting at the Molyko Sport Complex  going up to the summit of Mount Cameroon  and back down again.
Volcanic Sprint debuted in Berlin  Germany.
<EOS>
Popeye challenges Bluto  Wimpy is the timekeeper.
Popeye gets pounded mercilessly.
Olive comes.
<EOS>
Subramani  the college leader  falls.
Him to complete her challenges to accept his love.
Subramani s brother  the respected village chief  lives.
Subramani succeeds her challenges.
She asks him to kiss her  Subramani is arrested by a police officer.
Subramani s mother died during the Subramani s childbirth.
Subramani s brother and Thayamma got engaged.
When they were children.
They stayed unmarried to take care.
Subramani is later released.
Meenakshi s uncle wants to marry Meenakshi and beats Subramani s brother.
Thayamma decides to work.
Meenakshi admits.
She is.
Meenakshi s uncle agrees.
Subramani and Meenakshi get married.
Thayamma dies.
The day before  Meenakshi s uncle humiliated Subramani s brother.
<EOS>
A scientist is ordered by his dictator to create a machine in the apparent name of progress.
The Scientist uses his own intellect to create the B.
R.
A.
I.
N.
Robot. 
However  the dictator quickly seizes it and integrates it.
Can construct an army to destroy the dictator s enemies.
Lacking a soul  the Fabrication Machine is corrupted and exterminates all organic life using toxic gas.
The Scientist uses alchemy to create nine homunculus-like rag dolls known as Stitchpunks using portions of his own soul via a talisman  but dies as a result.
Some time later  the last doll  9  awakens.
Taking the talisman and meets 2  a frail inventor.
Who gives him a voice box and is surprised when 9 reveals the talisman.
The last surviving machine  the Cat-Beast  attacks the pair and kidnaps 2 and the talisman.
9 collapses  but awakens.
Is home  including the dogmatic leader 1  his large bodyguard 8  the one-eyed engineer 5  and unstable oracle.
1 immediately labels 2 as dead.
9 and 5 decide to rescue him.
They both track the.
Where they find.
7  the only female  arrives and kills the.
9 puts the talisman  causing 2 s soul to be absorbed by the machine reviving it.
The remaining dolls escapes the factory.
7 takes 9 and.
Where the silent scholar twins  3 and 4  show 9 the Fabrication Machine s origins.
5 realizes.
The talisman s symbols match the clairvoyant drawings.
9 and 5 return to Sanctuary to investigate.
1 confronts and chastises them.
The Fabrication Machine starts constructing new machines.
Of which  the bird-like Winged Beast  attacks Sanctuary and almost kills the punks  but sets fire  and later gets killed by a plane s propeller.
Retreating with 1 saddened by the loss of his home  6  3  and 4 cryptically explain the talisman s origins  but 1 once again chastises the group.
7 tries to attack.
9 found out that 1 sent 2 to die.
9 stopped her and runs away.
The Fabrication Machine meanwhile has made many Spiderbots and Seekers  hot air balloon-like robots.
One has the Winged Beast s head and the B.
R.
A.
I.
N.
Angry finds 2 s corpse to make something else.
8 is captured.
It made.
7 is kidnapped too.
The others give 2 a funeral.
2 s body was used.
The others run.
9 goes inside alone  but is too late to save.
However   9 makes a fake Stitchpunk using burlap.
The Seamstress still has.
The light bulb staff9 gets the Seamstress s attention and shows the fake punk.
The Seamstress begins to tie the fake punk.
Then realizes.
It s a fake.
9 then runs in hot pursuit.
However  the ropegets caught and starts pulling the Seamstress toward it.
9 then cuts open some.
7 falls out.
9 catches her.
The Seamstress goes and is killed.
Afterwards  9 and 7 escape.
The others destroy the factory.
The dolls celebrate.
Then 6  but not tells.
To return to gain answers.
9 follows his instructions  finding a recorded message.
Who explains the talisman can be used and free the dolls  souls trapped in it.
9 reunites can get the talisman.
However  1  having had a change  puts himself in the way and is killed instead allowing 9 to remove the talisman and destroy the Fabrication Machine  freeing the trapped souls.
9  7  3  and 4 free the souls  2  5  6  and 8 from the talisman.
Who fly up.
The final image shows.
The raindrops contain small flecks  bringing life back to the world.
<EOS>
Leslie Cheung plays Rick Pang  an IPSC champion  to maximize marksmanship.
Who is also a gun expert who tinkers and modified its magazine to perfect his technique known as ` double tap  which is the terminology for a shooter placing two shots in the same exact spot.
He goes up against another experienced top cop.
Who is just as comfortable.
Unfortunately  the competition was marred.
Who lost much and threatened the safety of the contest  wounding the IPSC supervisor.
Rick was forced to kill him as the former approaches Colleen and Vincent.
Miu took note.
He discovers his lust.
The list was narrowed down to just a few candidates.
Further murders were committed.
Miu was utterly convinced.
Rick was also and hauls him up for investigation.
Miu continued to pursue him and pressurise Rick and decided to take the law in his own hands.
Rick was released.
The murderer was suddenly possessed.
Rick went and lay in wait for his pursuers.
Arming himself  he engaged in a fierce gunfight with the cops and escaped at the first possible opportunity.
It later transpired.
Rick was indeed haunted.
His insatiated lust was further fuelled by his obsession with the ` double tap  technique.
He sought to perfect it.
Further  he has inadvertently discovered a new use  to kill those and those.
Who opposed him.
Who pushed him.
<EOS>
A young thief sleeps under the stars and steals and sells oranges.
Who has nothing.
Thievery gets.
Turrido will give the thief a piece.
<EOS>
The Polish-American boxer Daniel Dalca escapes his problems.
When his mission is over.
Where he would have to face his past problems.
So he decides to desert the army.
He gets bitten by a scorpion.
29 March 2003 Rebecca lost her husband during the British-American attack on Iraq.
Today she s managing a little restaurant.
Where she hosts Iraqi and American soldiers.
She goes to clear mines in order to plant trees and palms at the very same places.
Saleh Al Marzouk is an Iraqi math teacher.
Who lost his family.
Meanwhile he detained and later imprisoned.
Disguised  he plans to blow himself up at a restaurant on Christmas Day in.
There  he suddenly discovers a picture on the wall.
When Rebecca enters the restaurant.
Shocked  Saleh runs away.
<EOS>
Benny Fikus decides to cash by committing arson.
Benny plans to have Sherman   escape and burn down Benny s failing clothing store.
Who is.
He has made Sherman believe is a Nazi military headquarters.
Benny has a heart attack  and his sons.
Ezra and Russel take.
The low self-esteemed Russell wants to expand the store and marry his girlfriend  named Booker T.
Ezra needs money to adopt an orphaned 6  8 African-American teenage boy.
Ezra needs Booker T.
To play he coaches.
He has won a total as a coach and is in danger of losing his job.
Russell discovers.
His father is bankrupt.
Russell cashes and splits it with Ezra  using the money to buy more stock.
Back  Benny is practically comatose after his heart attack.
An is told by house painters helping with a home redecoration project.
Her husband is very sick which she interprets.
She then decides to change redecoration plans to prepare.
Meanwhile  Sherman has escaped and is.
Benny recovers.
Sherman is.
Hilarity ensues has his wife run his basketball team.
He and Russell attempt to stop Sherman necessary.
<EOS>
The film centers.
Who spends the day messing and complaining about a number of random subjects.
Furrows has a number  he wishes his children s books to be instructive for the good of society  such as  and Bye Bye Grandma.
To Start the Family Car.
He wants to help accustom children.
He refuses to keep pets.
He feels they would turn in a food shortage  choosing instead to keep a cardboard cutout of a dog named Pete.
Furrows suffers from a number of scares.
He repeatedly sees a menacing face.
When closing his eyes.
He receives numerous messages.
Furrows  only friend appears to be a man named Al.
Who comes.
They eat.
Cereal and Al tries to dissuade Thane.
He seems comforted.
Thane attacks the optimism.
Later that night  Furrows loses.
An arm wrestling match upstairs  thereby giving him the right to play metal as loud as he wants whenever he wants.
Furrows receives a knock at the door at the dreaded eight oclock and is greeted by a limo driver.
The driver turns around and reveals himself to be Death.
When he steps.
Death tells Furrows.
He has met his quota and must die.
Furrows complains.
Death  unable to scare Furrows  puts him back into his body.
Furrows awakes.
The story ends.
Furrows  insistence that they serve him cereal suggesting the lessons were lost on him.
A short epilogue involves Death stopping the limo in a dark space and looking at the heavens.
He claims.
He just could nt stand Thane and had to return him.
He adds.
He is nt ever coming back  implying that Thane may have just accidentally become immortal.
<EOS>
Hong Kong police detective Charles Prince arrives to extradite a notorious Chinese gangster back to Hong Kong for trial.
But soon  his suspect escapes.
Prince tracks the ruthless gangster down.
Soon  Prince  Jenson  and Tang get caught.
Leaves Chinatown drenched.
<EOS>
Liz is a Los Angeles prostitute.
The audience first sees attempting to get a customer.
She addresses the audience directly throughout the film.
She gives it the brush off  recalling the last time  it turned out.
When a van stops.
She serviced a man.
There were several other men.
A passer-by helps her  and even pays her bill there.
She sends.
Him a thank you note.
Liz is nt merely attempting to get a customer  however  she is attempting to escape her pimp  Blake.
Blake is a well-dressed  businesslike and extremely controlling man.
Who catches up at a convenience store.
He demands money.
Liz has no choice but to agree.
She gives him the finger as he leaves.
She explains  she was a small town girl.
Liz stops off.
She ended up as she did.
Who married a violent drunk named Charlie.
She can no longer take it and leaves him  taking her son.
They have a child together.
He s sleeping it off.
She takes a job at a diner.
She decides   to take it.
When a customer offers her more money to have sex.
She does this independently.
She meets Blake  who takes her.
He is ultimately as cruel  so she decides to escape from him.
Blake does do some things.
A local homeless person/street performer named.
Rasta decides to treat Liz.
Liz agrees.
Rasta is a bit scary.
The scenes of Liz and Rasta at the movie are intercut with Blake explaining his life to the audience  giving the impression.
Liz and Rasta are watching Blake s soliloquy.
Liz talks to the audience about her son.
Whom she clearly loves  though he s now.
She finally gets a customer and services him.
He has a heart attack.
Liz panics  trying to give him mouth  without success.
Blake happens along then.
He takes Liz s money and tries to rob the dead customer.
Blake tries to strangle Liz and threatens her son.
When Liz tries to stop him.
Rasta comes  killing Blake.
A grateful Liz gives her thanks and walks away.
<EOS>
There is a wall covered and wanted posters of Robin Hood and Little John.
Bugs is silencing an alarm attached.
He is caught and is about to be put to the rack.
When Little John appears and introduces Robin Hood.
However  Robin Hood does not appear afterwards.
Bugs and the Sheriff continue to converse.
Bugs averts the latter s attention.
Bugs clubs the Sheriff and runs off.
The latter is bowing.
Bugs is again chased up to the Royal Rose Garden.
Examining the castle wall trying to scale it.
The Sheriff regards.
Bugs dupes the Sheriff once again by acting as a real estate agent and successfully selling the land to the Sheriff.
Who plans to turn the garden.
He realizes.
The Sheriff is building his house.
He s been tricked.
He is now infuriated and declares revenge  all the while hitting himself on the head with the hammer  OOOH.
The Sheriff shoots an arrow.
Hits Bugs while he is scaling the castle wall.
Bugs falls.
Bugs then uses the opportunity to introduce Little John and the Sheriff and divert the Sheriff s attention once again.
The Sheriff spies Bugs leaving and angrily shrugs off Little John  saying Stop it  Oaf.
Bugs convinces the Sheriff.
The King is indeed coming while the Sheriff tries not to be fooled once again.
But  he is surprised to see Bugs dressed.
When the Sheriff turns to prove that Bugs is just lying.
The Sheriff  recognising Bugs bows down.
Bugs knights the Sheriff.
Afterwards  the Sheriff  already dazed  sings and falls on a cake quickly baked by Bugs during the song.
London Bridge Is Falling Down.
Bugs hears Little John once again introducing Robin Hood.
Bugs interrupts and mocks Little John  knowing.
This time however  Little John tells Bugs  he is telling the truth.
Robin indeed appears.
Bugs however doubts.
S him.
<EOS>
The Elusive Avengers  a posse  including Valerka  a former schoolboy  Yashka  a devil-may-care gypsy  and two orphan siblings  Danka and his sister Ksanka  become Cheka agents after successfully stealing the map in The New Adventures of the Elusive Avengers.
They wish to abandon their service and study.
The young Soviet Republic needs them again.
A group  influenced by a scheming French politician  Monsieur Duc  wants to crown a new Tsar in Paris.
Two obvious frauds compete.
They want to be crowned.
Old friends  Ataman Burnash  Stabs Captain Ovechkin and Colonel Kudasov  prepare to enter USSR along with the notorious thief Naryshkin  a specialist.
Who will steal the crown.
However  Kudasov tries to double-cross his accomplices and is wounded.
Ovechkin becomes the team s leader.
The emigres return.
Naryshkin is accidentally arrested.
The Cheka does nt want them to flee.
Yashka  disguised  is put in Naryshkin s cell and arranges his escape.
He gains Naryshkin s trust and enters the perpetrators gang.
They enter the museum  only to find the crown stolen by Ovechkin alone.
He is waiting to be picked up and successfully escape with the crown.
Danka and Valerka immediately go.
Where they learn that Monsieur Duc did nt want to use the crown.
Instead  Duc wanted to sell it.
He is shot.
Kudasov tells that.
Who now works.
Duc s minions  led  hijack a ship to pick up Ovechkin and carry the crown to Cape Town.
Unfortunately  Danka and Valerka are aboard.
Yashka  Ksanka and Naryshkin board it to thwart Perov s plan.
When the ship picks up Ovechkin and the crown.
Ovechkin  outnumbered and outgunned  tries to throw the crown to the sea.
Naryshkin steals it and hands.
<EOS>
The movie consists.
Frank Gardiner  real name Frank Christie  is a Goulburn boy accused by his father  and ordered to quit.
He meets his future wife and starts bushranging.
His sweetheart s father throws her.
Gardiner saves her.
He winds up in gaol.
Where he has been sentenced to serve 32 years  hard labor.
However  he is released.
He moves.
<EOS>
An explosion occurs  causing an intense fire.
A mutated monster known escapes and chases a golden retriever in the same lab through the surrounding woods.
The dog outruns it and hides.
Travis Cornell is with his girlfriend Tracey.
Thinking  Travis leaves.
It is her father.
Tracey discovers the beast and screams  summoning her father.
Who is attacked.
Meanwhile  Travis finds.
The dog is sweeping the area for the escapees.
Travis starts to realize and decides to keep it.
The dog is extraordinary.
Meanwhile  an NSO agent named.
Johnson is dispatched to retrieve the animals.
The next morning  Travis s mother informs him.
There has been an accident and that Tracey is.
Travis and his mother rush.
Agent Johnson and his partner will not allow them to see her.
Travis pushes into Tracey s room  only to find it completely empty.
The men claim.
She has been transferred.
Travis is puzzled.
The men were armed.
Travis  mother is displeased about the dog.
She allows him to keep it.
When Travis shows the level that the dog possesses.
Travis sees GH3 printed  and concludes.
Bathing the dog.
It is a research dog  which would explain its superior intellect.
Agent Johnson stops.
The dog tracks Travis down.
Where he types D ANG ER N S O.
Travis is given detention.
Meanwhile  3 are murdered by the OXCOM in the woods.
The OXCOM then traces the dog.
Where two staff members are killed.
One is able to call police.
The now-suspicious sheriff and a policewoman arrive.
She is also killed.
He is forced to tell the sheriff the truth  but asks.
When the sheriff confronts Agent Johnson.
They move away from the press.
He explains.
It was a scientific project gone wrong and that the OXCOM is chasing the dog  which targets and kills anything it comes across or that has been with the dog.
He then abruptly murders the sheriff.
A family friend mentions.
Who is fixing the washing machine.
A man stopped.
Travis  realizing  sneaks out.
The NSO is.
His mother stops him.
He can drive away  telling him that they are together.
Back inside  they find their friend dead.
They run upstairs  locking the bedroom door.
The beast begins to break it down.
The mother climbs.
Travis grabs a hunting gun.
He tells her to start the truck and jumps out the window followed.
Who is knocked down.
He fires  then picks up the injured dog.
The three drive.
Noticing the code  the vet calls the authorities.
Travis catches on.
They leave the vet s office.
The NSO agents can arrive.
The next morning track them to the motel.
They are staying  the mother creates a diversion  allowing Travis and the dog to escape the NSO agents.
Travis takes the dog.
His mother insists the NSO agents let her visit Tracey.
Travis  mother realizes.
Johnson claims the NSO is protecting her while she recovers.
Her room has no medical equipment  and.
The NSO are holding her.
The agents take the women.
Travis throws a homemade Molotov cocktail  allowing the two women to run into the cabin.
Agent Johnson fires.
He is stopped.
Who balks.
Johnson then reveals.
He is the corporation s third experiment  a genetically engineered assassin  and kills his partner.
Travis is stabbed in the leg with his own knife.
The dog jumps  allowing Travis to stab him through the neck.
Johnson  unfazed  claims.
They will die anyway.
Armed  the team readies themselves for the beast.
Travis shoots.
When it arrives.
It throws the dog.
Travis follows it.
Where he finds it injured and sobbing.
He can not bring himself to kill it.
It then attacks.
Him and he is forced to finish it off.
Travis  his mother  Tracey and the dog regroup and leave.
The farmhouse burns down.
<EOS>
Lionel Spalding is entering the Majestic Hotel  a 5-star Hotel  however only to end up accidentally hosed  much to the stress and annoyance of the hotel manager and the boys  father Robert Grant.
Robert then grounds the both but are promised a holiday afterwards  only to be forced to abandon the trip for a third time by the ruthless hotel boss Mrs Dubrow  due to the Crystal Ball.
Where one is revealed to be a critic who will reward them a sixth star.
Just then  Lord Rutledge a jewel thief  arrives.
Dunston has been trained his whole life and has been wanting to escape Rutledge s poor treatment and life ever since.
One night  Dunston crosses the line and flees Rutledge   however neither Robert nor Brian take notice.
Who then bumps and quickly befriends him.
Robert finally encounters Dunston and calls Buck LaFarge to kill Dunston.
Dunston escapes Rutledge yet again.
Brian also encounters Dunston and with Kyle s help checks him into the hotel.
Where the 3 have fun in the room.
Rutledge however detects Dunston s room  ties up Kyle  and attempts to leave the hotel  attempting to punish Dunston afterwards.
Dunston then escapes Rutledge once again and unties Kyle.
The two attempt to escape the hotel.
LaFarge begins to pursue Dunston.
Rutledge eventually catches up.
However  Robert manages to confront Rutledge and   defeats him.
Meanwhile  Dunston escapes Rutledge  but is cornered  but is saved by Kyle.
Dunston saves him afterwards.
Robert eventually manages to Mrs Dubrow  but is fired in the process.
However  Spalding  humiliated and injured  is revealed to be the critic and immediately decreases the Majestic from a 5 star to a 1 star hotel.
Rutledge is arrested.
LaFarge is forced to apologize.
Robert  Kyle and Brian go to Bali  to manage the Majestic hotel there.
Where they ve managed to keep Dunston.
<EOS>
The film begins during a summer in Massapequa  New York.
He plays war  attends a Fourth of July parade  plays and wins at a local neighborhood baseball game  and watches President John F.
Kennedy s inaugural address.
Later inspires him to enlist.
Ron decides to enlist.
Ron Kovic and his classmates hear an impassioned lecture.
He misses his prom.
He is unable to secure a date.
He confronts her and has a dance with her on his last night before leaving.
The film then moves in October.
Now a Marine sergeant.
His unit massacres a village of Vietnamese citizens  believing them to be enemy combatants.
Kovic becomes disoriented and accidentally shoots one of the new arrivals to his platoon  a younger Marine private first class  named Wilson.
Who try to save him.
Overwhelmed  Kovic appeals to his executive officer.
Who merely tells him to forget the incident.
The meeting has a negative effect.
Who is crushed.
The platoon goes out.
Kovic is critically wounded and trapped in a field facing sure death.
A fellow Marine rescues him.
Paralyzed  he spends several months recovering at the Bronx Veterans Administration hospital.
The hospital living conditions are deplorable  rats crawl freely  the staff is generally apathetic to their patients  needs  doctors visit the patients infrequently  drug use is rampant.
Equipment is too old and ill-maintained to be useful.
He desperately tries to walk again  despite repeated warnings from his doctors.
However  he soon suffers a bad fall.
Causes a compound fracture.
The injury nearly robs him.
He vehemently argues.
Who briefly consider resorting.
Ron returns home  permanently  with his leg intact.
He notices.
All his family and friends treat him differently now that he is paralyzed.
He begins to alienate his family and friends  complaining and burning the American flag.
Ron gradually becomes disillusioned  feeling the effects on his life  and realizes.
He tries to maintain his dignity.
All the things he was taught  like honor  patriotism  and courage  were illusions which he would give up any day to get his legs back.
His younger brother Tommy has already become staunchly anti-war  remarking to Ron directly in his face  leading to a rift between them.
What the war had done.
His highly religious mother also seems unable to deal.
His problems are as much psychological.
They are physical.
He quickly becomes alcoholic and belligerent.
He shows signs of post-traumatic stress.
When firecrackers explode and when a baby starts crying.
He reunites.
Who is also a wounded veteran.
The two spend Ron s birthday sharing war stories.
Later  Ron goes to visit Donna in Syracuse  New York.
The two reminisce and she asks him to attend a vigil.
However  he can not do so.
His chair prevents him.
He and Donna are separated.
Her fellow students are captured and taken away at her college for demonstrating a protest against the Vietnam War.
Who expresses no sympathy.
He has an intense fight.
There was no God  and that they murdered civilians in disregard of Christian morals.
Ron travels.
Seems to be a haven.
He has his first sexual experience.
He believes he s with.
Ron wants to ask her to marry him but  the realization sets in.
When he sees her.
He decides.
Hooking up.
Who is furious mocking his lack of sexual function due to his paralysis.
What they believe.
They end up stranded on the side of the road.
They quarrel and fight.
What each had really done in Vietnam.
Eventually  they are picked up and eventually driven back to the Village of the Sun.
Ron makes a side trek to Georgia to visit the parents and family of Wilson  the Marine.
He accidentally killed.
He tells them the real story.
Their son died and confesses his guilt.
Wilson s widow  now the mother  admits.
She can not find it  but adds that maybe God can.
Wilson s parents  however  are more forgiving and even sympathetic.
Wilson s father fought during World War II.
He receives  the confession seems to lift a heavy weight from Ron s conscience.
Ron joins Vietnam Veterans and travels to the 1972 Republican National Convention in Miami.
He and his compatriots force their way during Richard Nixon s acceptance speech and cause a commotion.
Makes it.
Ron himself tells a reporter.
The Vietnam war is wrong  and tells him that the Vietnamese people are a proud people fighting  fueling rage from the surrounding Nixon supporters.
His interview is cut short.
When guards eject him and his fellow vets and attempt to turn them over to the police.
They manage to break free  regroup  and charge the hall again.
Not so successfully this time.
The film ends.
<EOS>
Oscar Francoise de Jarjayes is a young woman.
Whose father  a career military man  wanted a boy.
Took. 
She was born her father.
Privately Oscar acknowledges her feminine side  she dresses.
Gains an honored position.
Oscar is in love with Andre  the son of the family s housekeeper.
Years later   Oscar and Andre s paths cross.
When the French Revolution begins.
Oscar and Andre find themselves fighting on opposite sides of the revolution.
<EOS>
Brian Flanagan gets a part-time job as a bartender at night.
Studying. 
Brian is a terrible bartender  revealed in a montage of his screw ups.
He learns the tricks of the trade including flairing from his boss/mentor Doug Coughlin.
Brian and Doug soon become very close  Doug readily assumes a mentor role  and rains advice and opinions down upon him.
His advice takes a familiar structure.
He usually begins most with Coughlin s Law.
An example   is Coughlin s Law  Drink or be gone.
Actually turns out to be quite poignant.
And Anything else is always something better.
Doug is leery.
Brian has high personal aspirations.
Doug intends to call his bar Cocktails & Dreams.
Eventually  Brian and Doug s bar-tending act becomes popular.
They end up working.
Where yuppies spout poetry to hear.
Brian becomes the focus of attention from a sultry brunette named Coral.
Quickly  they elevate their friendship.
Where Brian hits five free throws.
Coral will leave him  essentially doubting there is anything special about the seemingly perfect relationship shared between the two.
Unbeknownst  Doug lies to Coral about secrets being shared by Brian about her  and secures his bet having sex with Coral.
Brian is very upset and fights at work  essentially ending his informal partnership with Doug.
Brian  taking advice  takes a job in Jamaica as a bartender to raise money for his own place.
He finds a romantic partner.
Jordan is an aspiring artist and waitress.
She and Brian spend romantic times together  playing  before making passionate love on the beach by a campfire.
Doug has shown up in Jamaica  now married to Kerry  a wealthy woman and wears Tarzan-like bikinis.
Who openly flirts.
Doug quickly asserts himself and bets Brian to be the first to sleep.
Jordan catches Brian.
Brian decides to upstage Doug and return to New York with the cougar-esque Bonnie under the auspices.
He will be placed high up.
Brian becomes impatient.
The pay-off is too slow.
They have a.
Where Brian gets.
Brian  displaying  states  All things end badly.
They cut ties.
Wisdom one can only assume has been gleaned.
Otherwise they would nt end.
Much learns.
She is pregnant.
He embarks.
He would make a worthy father.
Brian also learns.
Pursuing Jordan.
Her family is very wealthy.
He goes to speak with Jordan.
Jordan s father  Richard  attempts to buy Brian off.
Brian is forced to decide.
Would surely help him get his bar started.
Jordan keeps her distance  not wanting to be hurt again.
Brian meets up.
Doug confides.
His wife s money is nearly gone  lost.
Doug is despondent  unwilling to confess the precarious position  Brian is completely shocked.
They are.
Later on  Kerry makes Brian take her home  and forces him to walk her.
When Doug is too drunk to do so.
She tells him.
He is the only person Doug respects and wants to discuss Doug s problems.
However once inside  she attempts to seduce him.
Brian refuses out.
Kerry gets angry and reveals.
She can not endure sexual monogamy.
Brian then leaves.
Brian goes to check in his yacht  and discovers.
He has committed suicide.
Kerry sends Brian a letter left for him by Doug.
Is revealed to be Doug s suicide note.
Which he explains why he did what he did.
Brian cries.
Doug killed himself because he realized that his life was a sham.
Now reeling and losing his best friend to suicide  he goes to Richard s home and begs her forgiveness.
He further promises to take good care.
Brian has a brief scuffle  then takes the willing Jordan by the hand and heads for the door.
They leave together  finally.
Richard pledges not to lend a dime.
Using the advice  Brian is able to finally achieve his lifelong goal  he opens a neighborhood bar called Flanagan s Cocktails & Dreams.
Brian and Jordan have their wedding reception.
Jordan is visibly pregnant.
Jordan reveals.
Before the credits roll.
She is pregnant.
Brian offers free drinks to celebrate  much.
<EOS>
The journey begins.
When a Jewish old handicapped man confesses a secret at the airport while they wait for their departure to Italy.
The secret being love still alive.
She thought he has been dead.
Determined to return and find her love  Hala seems to discover the beauty  history  architecture  and magic.
Is hidden.
Who has participated.
Her family has immigrated from the Zionist action in Palestine  and left behind the only city  Damascus.
She has ever known.
Her father  is in great misery and isolation.
He feels he has been forced out and pulled out.
Ironically  he loved the most  Damascus.
The Jewish Father undergoes a stroke and dies just as he smelled a jar of soil he had packed from his homeland  and so his family decides to return his body for burial at the place.
The movie ends again after a long vain search for Nabil.
When she receives a letter to meet her at the same place that has witnessed all their wonderful past memories.
That place being.
<EOS>
The stress made in the laboratory.
Where he is employed.
<EOS>
Unni tells his family.
He is working.
He runs illegal spirit business with Bhai.
He accepts a four-year jail punishment actually the accused was Bhai.
Unni  however confesses.
What he does.
Things change.
When Unni s brother becomes a police officer.
He gets the transfer.
Where Unni and Bhai have become big-time rowdys.
Balu tries his level best to catch Valayar Paramasivam by does nt knowing.
He is his brother.
He fails.
This makes Bhai angry.
But Paramasivam tells him to forgive.
Chinadan s kill Bhai s only son Johny and blames Balu as the real killer.
This made Bhai very desperate and wants to kill Balu.
Bhai kidnaps him.
Paramasivam goes to save his brother Balu.
And the film moves.
<EOS>
Lutz is actually happy and wants to pop the question to his girlfriend Annette.
Suddenly his father Walther emerges.
He played havoc and just made problems.
When he surfaced.
And also now  he confuse everything.
Unfortunately Lutz has to notice.
His father has Alzheimer s.
<EOS>
The film is a domestic horror thriller telling by the introduction of a sexually predatory femme fatale into the household.
A piano composer has just moved with his wife and two children.
The composer hires a housemaid to help.
When his pregnant wife becomes exhausted.
The new housemaid behaves strangely  catching rats  seducing him and eventually becoming pregnant by him.
The composer s wife convinces the housemaid to induce a miscarriage.
The housemaid s behavior becomes increasingly more erratic.
She tricks the composer s son.
He has ingested poisoned water.
He falls to his death down a flight of stairs  threatens to kill their newborn son  and then persuades the composer to commit suicide with her by swallowing rat poison.
The film ends.
The narrative has apparently been told by the composer.
Who then all smiles warns the film audience that this is just the sort could happen to anyone.
<EOS>
Sathyanathan  Punyakodi and their partners are an atrocious lot.
They keep suppressing the villagers and do not even allow them to get proper education.
Ranga and Tyagu are honest factory workers.
Who lead the fight.
The clash reaches a level.
Where Sathyanathan and gang plot to eliminate Ranga and Tyagu.
They manage to do away  however Ranga is too smart for them.
Is. 
Ranga manages to punish the wrong doers.
What the second half is all about.
<EOS>
Construction on a new railroad led by Lyle runs into quicksand.
The route has to be changed.
Will require it to go.
The conniving State Attorney General Hedley Lamarr wants to buy the land cheaply by driving out the townspeople.
He sends a gang  to scare them away  prompting the townsfolk to demand that Governor William J.
Le Petomane appoint a new sheriff.
The Attorney General persuades the dim-witted Le Petomane to select Bart  a black railroad worker.
Who was about to be hanged.
Lamarr believes.
A black lawman will so offend the townspeople that they will either abandon Rock Ridge or lynch the new sheriff.
Bart works to overcome the townsfolk s hostile reception.
He defeats and befriends Mongo  an immensely strong  slow-thinking henchman sent to kill Bart  and then beats German seductress-for-hire Lili von Shtupp at her own game.
Lamarr is furious.
His plans keep failing and decides to destroy Rock Ridge.
Bart now has 24 hours.
To come up to save our town.
He gathers the town  along  3 miles east of Rock Ridge to build a fake town as a diversion.
The workers labor all night.
To complete their task.
The sun rises.
S a perfect replica  down.
Bart realizes  so it wo nt fool Lamarr s villains.
The town has no people.
Bart orders the townspeople to make exact replicas  and leaves with Jim and Mongo to execute a plan.
Will slow the villains.
The three construct a tollbooth labeled Le Petomane Thruway  requiring Taggart s crew to pay 10 cents each to pass.
Taggarts sends someone back to get a shitload of dimes.
No one carries either any change or the realization that nothing s stopping them from simply riding around the tollbooth.
Once  Lamarr s villains attack the fake town.
Bart boobytrapped.
Bart attempts to set off the bombs but is unsuccessful.
He has wo nt work.
Jim is given the task  he fires pistol shots into them.
Launching villains skyward  the Rock Ridgers attack the villains.
The bombs explode.
The resulting fight breaks the fourth wall  literally  The fight spills out from the Warner Bros.
Film lot set being directed by Buddy Bizarre  then into the studio commissary.
Where a pie fight ensues.
Taggart is knocked out.
When Mongo smashes his head.
The fight finally pours out.
The citizens chase the villains back to town to destroy them.
Lamarr runs.
Bart and Jim follow him.
<EOS>
Lieutenant Richard Saville  a young British naval officer on five days leave.
Miss Lucinda Bentley  a merchant s daughter  get talking on the train up to London.
They miss their rail connection and spend a romantic holiday in the countryside of southern England.
She accepts.
When Saville proposes.
They are due to go back to Portsmouth  she changes her mind  asking Saville to realise.
Neither he nor she could bear being parted.
They part  seemingly forever.
Saville serves out the First World War and the inter-war years.
He is in command of a squadron of three cruisers on convoy duty in the Pacific.
He receives a message  but HMS Stratford  the flagship of Saville s squadron is too low on fuel for pursuit.
Before it is sunk.
The convoy can not be left unguarded.
Saville decides to remain.
His other two ships - HMS Amesbury and HMS Cambridge - chase.
Cambridge then has to stop to pick up survivors  leaving the Amesbury on her own.
Amesbury finds and attacks the Essen  scoring hands  Petty Officer Wheatley and Signalman Andrew ` Canada  Brown.
A major torpedo hit  but is sunk with the loss of all but two.
Brown is the son and thus knows more about naval tactics  strategy and gunnery than most of his rank.
The Essen picks up the two survivors.
Meanwhile  news reaches Saville in the Stratford.
Saville decides to risk all and go with Cambridge.
Brown manages to escape around the lagoon with a rifle.
The Essen is anchored to carry out repairs.
He then proceeds to pick off sailors working  leading the Essen s captain to use his ship s AA guns and then big guns in vain attempts to dislodge Brown.
Finally he sends a party down  but  they are recalled.
As they are about to kill him.
The Essen departs.
Brown collapses  seriously wounded.
She is caught and sunk.
The Essen leaves the lagoon.
One informs the British of Brown s exploits.
Delayed repairs  thus enabling the British to catch up with them.
A landing party is sent ashore.
The film is unusual.
That   two different endings were filmed.
Which Brown survives.
Which he is killed.
These were both shown.
Audiences were asked to choose their favourite one.
Both endings are also shown.
When the film is broadcast.
The landing party searches the island.
The camera pans.
The action then cuts.
Where Saville receives a knighthood.
Brown was found dead and is awarded a Victoria Cross posthumously  presented to his mother.
She is revealed to be the former Lucinda Bentley.
Who had moved after her tryst with Saville.
She and Saville meet.
She goes to accept her son s medal.
The action cuts.
Where Brown meets Saville.
Brown tells Saville.
His English mother - to whom he owes his joining the navy - is living and unable to make it to the ceremony.
Saville informs Brown.
He is to be his signaller.
They will both probably get a chance to see his mother.
The pair then stand.
The national anthem plays.
<EOS>
Michael Lynch is one.
He has two wives  Christine and Lisa  as well as many children.
He is plotting heists.
When he is not spending time.
His actions make him an iconic figure.
He has a rapport despite being a criminal.
He concentrates on the showmanship as much as the crime itself.
He pulls off a daring art theft  stealing several priceless paintings.
The Gardai become more determined to catch him.
Time goes on.
His actions also gain the ire.
Lynch finds himself.
When he is unable to sell a stolen Caravaggio painting.
He was waiting to try and catch him.
Lynch is forced to go  with his popularity with the public at stake.
<EOS>
The film pits.
Indiana Jones will make their army invincible.
<EOS>
Joshua starts flooding R.
I.
P.
L.
E.
Y.
S system.
Seem to be overloading the system  but then R.
I.
P.
L.
E.
Y.
Shuts down and reboots to successfully rid herself.
Rebooted  R.
I.
P.
L.
E.
Y.
Redirects the Predator drone  Joshua.
She uses to destroy the facility housing.
Joshua warns the professor.
I.
P.
L.
E.
Y.
S advancing attack would result  so Will and Annie flee the facility.
Before it gets blown up  with the professor  who was dying from pancreatic cancer remaining in the building at the time  last seen typing extremely fast  finishing with something that looks an Enter  and saying Goodbye  Joshua.
The couple is arrested and taken to the room.
Where R.
I.
P.
L.
E.
Y.
Is stored.
They discover R.
Professor Falken has transferred Joshua to them to help them stop.
I.
P.
L.
E.
Y.
They first try to use W.
O.
P.
R.
And internet users.
To stage a denial.
I.
P.
L.
E.
Y.
R.
I.
P.
L.
E.
Y.
Knowing. 
She has been compromised.
O.
P.
R.
Decides by launching a nuclear warhead at Washington D.
C.
Annie remembers a chess game known.
Where if you win you lose.
Will programs W.
O.
P.
R.
To play Russian Roulette.
Where the goal is to lose as opposed.
They again pit W.
O.
P.
R.
I.
P.
L.
E.
Y.
R.
I.
P.
L.
E.
Y.
And W.
O.
P.
R.
Play were unavailable.
Resulting. 
The third scenario presented is a nuclear attack.
C.
Having learned the concept.
Where if you win you die.
I.
P.
L.
E.
Y.
Stops responding.
The scenario is played out  also resulting.
The weapon is available.
Joshua asks.
They are still playing at which point she says A strange game.
The only winning move is not to play.
As Joshua had said after learning how to play.
I.
P.
L.
E.
Y.
Relinquishes control  Will asks W.
O.
P.
R.
He really would have launched the missiles.
I.
P.
L.
E.
Y.
Had decided to continue playing.
W.
O.
P.
R replies.
He would have  and that humanity is doomed.
<EOS>
Saikumar plays the role.
Who has a son Manu but also has an adulterous relation.
Whom he has another son named Alexander.
He has bequeathed all his wealth to his son Alexander.
Then 40 % will go to his relatives.
Alexander dies.
30 % goes  and 30 % to a trust.
Then 100 % will go.
Manu dies.
So the relatives decide to kill him.
Manu decides to go and meet Alexander and power from him so that he can get all Verma s wealth  and then kill him or get rid of Alexander.
But  Alexander is in mental rehabilitation center under the treatment of Dr Korah.
Eventually   Manu realizes.
His brother has unique abilities  which he grows to accept.
He starts becoming fond.
The story then progresses to show.
Manu brings Alexander.
The struggles.
Alexander faces form the rest.
<EOS>
The story takes place.
The film begins.
When a girl is murdered.
It is learnt.
The killer was her fiancee & had acquired evidence.
Then  the story shifts.
Sehar   has a friend named Ritu.
Who lives alone.
Who is a fashion designer.
Sehar has a rare disorder - her memory blanks out  leaving her clueless.
Took place.
Hence  she rarely socializes.
But Ritu forcefully takes her.
Sehar had previously met ACP Rajveer Randhawa  a corrupt cop.
Unknown  their mothers are old friends and want them to get married.
Sehar has rejected Rajveer.
He is smitten.
Here  Sehar wakes up has happened.
But she soon learns.
She has missed one whole day.
Also  she is being followed.
She runs.
Which she knows nothing & Kumar  a wannabe actor.
Who mistakes her.
But the plot thickens.
When Sehar hears some suspicious messages  making her realize that something sinister has happened during the missing Sunday  the day she recalls nothing about.
Rajveer comes to rescue.
He comes.
Tests show.
Sehar was roofied - most probably  causing the whole problem.
Ballu & Kumar turn out to be red herrings.
Rajveer finds the boys.
Who roofied Sehar.
Nothing concrete is found.
Sehar is attacked.
As he is about to accept that Sehar might have killed someone.
The goons fail to kill her.
Rajveer realizes.
Sehar might have witnessed a murder.
Rajveer finds out.
Ballu had left her.
Rajveer realizes the implications and sets a trap.
The goons are finally nabbed & Rajveer.
Learns the truth.
He arrests the son for a double murder.
An enraged Khurana demands an explanation.
It is revealed.
The girl murdered earlier was killed.
He waited for few days before killing his own friend.
Whom the girl was cheating him.
Unfortunately  Sehar was left nearby.
Khurana s son assumed  hence he sent the goons to kill her.
She saw the second murder.
Khurana s son protests.
Brought face to face.
Khurana has his son arrested.
The people are still clueless about Sehar s stalker.
The stalker shows up himself.
He reveals himself to be a taxi driver.
It is revealed.
After Khurana s son had seen Sehar  it was this taxi driver who saw Sehar.
He realized.
She was drugged and managed to get her back after finding her address.
Kumar narrates  Rajveer and Sehar got married  Ballu now owns a car company  owning hundreds.
This final mystery solved.
What happened.
Kumar has become a south-Indian superstar  showing.
The story ended.
<EOS>
Mabel s Blunder tells the tale.
Who is secretly engaged.
A jealous Mabel dresses up.
When a new employee catches the young man s eye.
MovieMire entry.
<EOS>
Professor Vidyashankar Pandey gets employed to Bombay.
His family  - his wife  and a young son  Surya  move.
Vidyashankar notices  and does not want this to impact.
The area and the community is being controlled.
Unfortunately  Surya is impressed  and treats him like a hero.
And on another occasion  refuses to identify Raja.
Surya saves his life.
Raja takes a liking and treats him like a close friend.
Years go.
Still hangs around with Raja and his men.
Then things take an unexpected turn   and not identifying him.
Will make Surya regret saving Raja s life.
<EOS>
The opening scene depicts Bugs and Elmer  with Elmer s gun blasting at Bugs repeatedly.
Bugs finally pauses long enough to tell the audience  Someday  they ll outlaw this annual madness known.
He hops.
Either the ground is not firm enough to support him  or he lands with too much force.
Elmer finally appears.
At the same time  Bugs is asking himself the very same question.
He assumes.
He has fallen.
This assumption comes.
Bugs takes.
He says  Must be Indian writing.
It s Greek.
-LRB- The writing briefly changes  reading.
TIME CAPSULE -- CIRCA 10000 BC TO BE OPENED 1960 AD  then reverts back as Bugs approaches it.
He pulls.
Is nearly his own size  whereupon  much.
This he transports back through his own film projector.
This film is described.
Color.
Then the narration begins.
This is the year 10000 B.
C.
This film has been made to preserve a record.
Here  good hunting defines good living.
A variety of clashes take place amidst the palm trees and other tropical surroundings  i.
E. 
Dinosaurs fighting each other and a tiger and Pteranodon battling.
This sequence re-uses footage.
Let us meet one.
This is Elmer Fuddstone.
Fuddstone emerges.
Be vewy  vewy quiet.
Me hunt Sabre-toothed Wabbit -- an obvious less-educated version.
I m hunting wabbits catch phrase.
This statement shocks the modern Bugs  but.
When he asks Sabre-toothed Rabbit.
A Sabre-toothed Rabbit.
His habitat is deep.
A Sabre-toothed Rabbit hole now appears.
Its inhabitant pushes it aside  grabs his ears and hops up out.
Which he munches.
The Sabre-toothed Rabbit looks very much.
He has less-well-groomed fur and longer teeth.
Bugs laughs off the possibility.
He s related but then asks the film directly if he is.
The Sabre-toothed Rabbit also speaks   Eh  could be.
He answers.
Elmer Fuddstone now appears  spear  and huddles low to the ground  remarking  Sabre-toothed Wabbit come this way.
He continues on  up.
Where he rips a vine and ties a loop in one end like a lasso.
The looped end  he pulls.
He allows to fall  but when the prehistoric Bugs passes by.
Elmer falls down.
Next  the prehistoric Elmer grabs a hollow stick.
Which he places a poisonous berry.
He says.
No rabbit can make a monkey out.
He suffers the effects.
He prepares to blow it.
The rabbit blows it first.
McKimson had used a similar gag.
Bugs asks him .
What s up  Doc.
Bugs feigns guilt and offers  I ll help ya get me.
Some smart-apple s gon na invent gunpowder someday.
The gun will follow along.
This entices Fuddstone to begin developing gunpowder almost.
Shortly thereafter he demonstrates this.
He rubs a wooden stick bag of gunpowder.
Explodes Elmer is now high  ashen-faced and much the worse for wear.
He maintains a triumphant look.
Bugs searches out of  in the end settling on the hollow stick.
To manufacture a gun.
Previously contained the toxic berry Elmer swallowed.
A taro root.
Elmer grows impatient.
Bugs soon attaches the root  pours in powder and pebbles  and hands the finished product to his pursuer.
He lights the fuse lighter and tells him  You may fire.
When ready.
But right  Bugs tells.
He fires.
Fuddstone  Oops  got this.
Those ` smart  hunters are never any match ` dumb  rabbits.
But right  Elmer Fudd appears next and sneers  That s  wabbit.
He says this.
What YOU think.
<EOS>
The movie starts from the.
Tells by Leonard Hill and Wesley Bruckner.
The focus shifts.
They are shown being loaded.
They fight their way.
Once  the grainy footage shifts to color.
Helen reveals.
Someone cut the palm of her left hand.
Helen receives an anonymous phone call from a man  I m the one  I wanted to see you bleed.
Who claims.
Who cut you.
This caller threatens to make the mothers pay.
Helen and Adelle change their names  leave Iowa and head off.
Where Adelle opens a dance academy who want to be the next Shirley Temple.
An elocution teacher offers his services to Adelle s school.
She takes him up  much to Helen s chagrin.
Helen is openly frightened.
Soon  the threatening phone calls resume.
Helen believes.
A strange man is watching their home.
She has hallucinations as well  especially.
Where she think she sees Starr.
Adelle falls with Lincoln Palmer  the father of one of her students.
Helen grows increasingly jealous.
Helen takes solace  religiously listening to a radio show hosted by evangelist Sister Alma.
Helen s jealousy leads to a fight between the two  at which point  Adelle demands.
Helen move out.
Adelle then heads off.
A mysterious intruder enters the house  walks up the staircase  and calls out her real name.
Helen readies herself to move out.
Helen reacts.
His head is gashed open  blood seeping.
When he lands.
Helen envisions both her late husband   and the dead Ellie Banner.
Who was mutilated.
Adelle arrives home to find the dead stranger and  fearing more publicity  decides.
They must dispose.
She and Helen drag the dead man into the street and dump him into an open hole adjacent to their home.
Where crews had been doing construction.
The body is discovered the next morning.
It is presumed.
The man fell to his death.
Helen s guilt builds.
She pays a visit.
Sister Alma offers her forgiveness.
An irrational Helen makes a spectacle and has to be dragged away by Adelle.
Off-screen  Helen sees a doctor and is ordered.
Adelle goes.
Where he proposes.
He drives her home to make preparations to elope that evening.
Adelle notices and follows a trail of blood out the back door and down to the rabbit cage.
Helen is not.
Where she finds Helen s beloved pet rabbits slaughtered.
Helen steps out and reveals.
She killed them as well pushed her husband off a plow to his death.
Adelle leads Helen back and is phoning Sister Alma.
When she lets it slip that she plans.
Helen reacts.
The doorbell chimes.
After Adelle falls down dead.
Helen answers the door and finds a detective  she pushed down the staircase.
Who shows her a photo.
The detective reveals.
When she claims not to recognize him.
The man was Ellie Banner s boyfriend  who had come with plans to murder the ladies.
A little while later  Lincoln arrives  expecting to whisk Adelle away.
He can hear someone pounding away Goody Goody on the piano.
He enters the house calling out Adelle s name and follows the sounds.
There  he finds Helen giddily playing the song and Adelle  dressed  propped up and tied to a ladder on stage.
The music grows.
And more frantic as Helen laughs.
The camera moves in.
<EOS>
Danny lives.
Who find refuge.
One rainy evening Danny almost runs.
Who is now a homeless junkie.
Gideon tries to tell Danny.
Is going on around.
He s too high  too scared and too confused.
The next day Gideon is found murdered.
The police have no real interest.
Danny decides to track down the killer himself.
Soon reveals itself.
What appears to be a drug war.
Danny manages to expose the big shots.
Who murdered his once brother.
Danny s crusade is.
<EOS>
Unable to purchase a bottle due to Prohibition  the Stooges opt to brew some of the stuff themselves.
Unfortunately  Curly ends up selling a bottle to a detective  landing the trio in jail.
Curly tries to smuggle a barrel in jail under his overcoat.
The barrel explodes.
The trio has their mugshots taken.
The Stooges begin to plot their escape  and end up destroying the saws being used to whittle down the iron bars.
A few days later  the Stooges have a run-in  leading them to knock the warden out cold  and landing them on the rock pile.
The boys stumble also in the clink  Percy Pomeroy  and work together to flee the prison.
Hammering away.
They are ultimately captured  and sent.
<EOS>
Stan and Ollie are mousetrap salesmen hoping  with Stan s theory.
Because there is more cheese  there should be more mice.
They are forced to work after ordering a slap-up meal they are unable to pay for.
A Viennese composer present is disrupted by the presence of his wife - an opera singer  Ollie subsequently falls in love with her.
Who upstages him constantly.
The boys overpower the hotel s burly chef and leave the hotel and village.
Only to discover the opera singer is indeed married and then be confronted by the vengeful gorilla.
They depart.
<EOS>
The film begins.
Who runs an advertising agency  setting off on a journey  distributing wedding invitations for his forthcoming wedding.
He encounters various individuals from his past.
Who bring back memories.
First  Seenu goes.
Where he spent his childhood.
He remembers the antics.
He had done.
Vimala got married.
She never met Seenu again.
Seenu invites everyone from his village for his wedding including his friends  his old school master and Vimala  her husband and her three children.
Then  Seenu goes.
Where he moved after his father Sriram  a postmaster  was transferred there.
He had his college education there.
He was constantly bullied there Satyam.
He did not know Malayalam  but eventually managed to become friends.
Whose mother tongue was also Telugu.
Satyam served him.
Seenu soon fell with Lathika  a Malayali girl.
Lathika too reciprocated his feelings.
Soon their relationship becomes intimate.
However   they drove out Seenu s family and got.
When Lathika s family came to know.
Her married.
Seenu reunites with Satyam in Kerala and invites him for his wedding.
Seenu becomes upset to see.
When they arrive.
His former love had become a widow.
Seenu and his parents moved.
They were thrown out.
Seenu had not got and became an emotional wreck  and started to smoke and drink.
He remained an emotional wreck.
He met Divya  who worked.
Divya   secured this job for Seenu.
She saw him.
His friend Bhagavan distributing pamphlets  seeking job opportunities  hoping one of them may help them out in finding a job.
Soon Seenu and Divya became.
Close friends and Divya instilled confidence  unearthed his hidden talents and taught him the lesson that one has to go ahead without looking back.
Soon  Divya revealed.
Her widowed mother was a paralytic patient and that she worked to take care.
Seenu   proposed her.
Divya s mother died.
Who had fallen with Divya.
She rejected it  saying.
She was happy to be just a good friend.
Finally  Seenu decided to get married choice  Sandhya.
Which he is distributing invitations.
Everyone   attend his wedding.
He invited.
The film ends.
<EOS>
She decides to take one from the gun cabinet and kill herself.
When a small Mississippi town s wealthy dowager Jewel-Mae Cookie Orcutt tires.
She is discovered.
Who plot to set the suicide up and ensconce themselves in the family mansion.
The family is rounded out by Cora s wayward outlaw of a daughter  Emma.
Emma has a love interest and inept jailer  Jason.
The key suspect is Willis  Cookie s handyman.
Who happens to have cleaned the guns the night.
Is a tale.
What follows.
A shocking incident casts a ripple.
<EOS>
Ovidiu Gorea is a jaded  mid-40s  high-school teacher and novice writer  still living.
He has just published a collection called ` Nobody Dies For Free.
The bookstores reject because no one buys it.
The high school principal asks him to deal.
Ovidiu has Robert call one.
The boy sends his sister  Diana  a gorgeous teenager  instead.
Ovidiu is smitten.
He convinces Diana to go.
Turns. 
What he thinks will be a quiet evening.
Leaves him nearly broke.
One night  he meets a shabby-looking drunk beggar.
Who offers to recite poems.
The two start talking and Ovidiu learns.
The guy makes two or three times more money in a month out of this.
He asks.
An explanation and the beggar refers him.
Located  the Filantropica Foundation is actually the lair of Bucharest s beggars  leader  Pavel Puiut.
A former convict  he realized  so he created an organized network  each with an invented  tear-jerking  background story.
Begging leads nowhere unless there is a touching story that begs.
Yields millions.
Puiut listens and thinks.
He is perfect.
Ovidiu makes enough money to impress the material Diana.
He rents a roadster  takes her to lakeshore clubs  his sole purpose being sleeping.
The reluctant Puiut even gives him access  but a poorly-timed customer call gives Ovidiu s cover away.
An angry Diana leaves him.
Meanwhile  Miruna falls and is angry.
He keeps bitching  instead of going for a real woman.
She manages to get him.
Ovidiu is surprised to find out she is a former prostitute.
The scam goes terribly wrong.
When Ovidiu and Miruna go  where their scene has no effect.
The waiter   takes Ovidiu and beats him.
Who is not.
Puiut then unveils the grand purpose  he sets the unsuspecting Ovidiu to appear with Miruna in character on a popular TV night show and tell the karaoke bar beating story  he then calls  pretends of being revolted and announces.
His foundation has opened an account.
Meanwhile   Ovidiu is visited by two thugs.
Who ask him  who owes $ 3000 to a person and who only has two days to make good.
Ovidiu withdraws the amount  calls Diana and gives her the money for her brother.
She pretends being impressed and teases Ovidiu.
Naturally  she deceives him once more.
To top it off  Ovidiu finds Robert.
Who tells him that Diana was not his sister  just some chick.
Now $ 3000 short  Ovidiu goes home to find the media and Puiut claiming.
He has just won the big prize.
It is again one.
Who reminds Ovidiu he has him.
Ovidiu accepts his fate and Miruna.
The movie has an ominous ending .
<EOS>
George meets two intriguing people  Alicia  a Spanish woman  and Gerard  an unlucky-in-love Frenchman.
Who invites him.
Who has just been turned down.
To cheer him up  George takes him.
There  George finds.
Himself attracted.
She is already dating a British professor  Nathan.
A drunk Gerard goes.
George talks him out by telling him to jump tomorrow.
Gerard offers to drive George to his wedding.
George buys an audiocassette to learn Spanish and secretly fantasizes about Alicia.
The movie spoofs Spanish soap operas.
Where George imagines himself.
The compassionate Gerard figures out.
George is not really.
George is a passive individual.
Who does not seem troubled.
George spots Alicia and her boyfriend.
Gerard talks George.
They all end up  including a bathtub in the form of a giant champagne glass.
Gerard advises George to gain Alicia s attention.
A reluctant George ends up inviting a saleswoman.
Who calls herself Heather Leather.
But he does nt know.
She s allergic to cologne.
Disaster ensues.
He never crosses paths.
Whose boyfriend gives her an engagement ring made.
The next day  George wants to resume his journey alone.
But Gerard gives a heartfelt speech.
He convinces George to stick.
Alicia and her fiance hitch a ride  thinking their sudden appearance a coincidence.
Alicia s fiance Nathan practices t ` ai chi and argues with Gerard about.
Whether the French language is obsolete.
Meanwhile  Alicia and George find themselves falling.
George wants to leave.
When they arrive.
But Gerard convinces him to stick around  telling him to jump tomorrow.
Alicia s fiance ends up.
Alicia s uncle  a deaf-mute  offers him a spicy dish he ca nt handle.
The uncle takes a liking and teaches him a Spanish dance.
Gerard finds.
Himself attracted.
They all enjoy the party that night.
George gets a chance to make his move  but he is too shy to proceed.
Gerard and George leave.
Gerard heads towards Niagara Falls.
Where he is finally ready to commit suicide  until he meets a little boy who says he gets the best ideas when he is by himself.
This makes.
Gerard realize the root cause was the fear of going through life without a woman  and that there are times in a man s life where it is good to be alone.
This insight makes.
Gerard realize he should not take his own life.
George declares.
I am Jorge and calls the wedding off.
He and his fiancee Sophie agree.
Their intended marriage was.
They also tell the audience.
If George s parents were still alive  they would have wanted what George wanted.
Gerard and George catch up at the border of Canada.
Where Alicia refuses to emigrate.
George finally expresses his love.
<EOS>
The film opens  with Annie on the train to London to spend the weekend with Hannah  her flatmate when at university six years earlier.
Hannah laments to Annie.
Annie tells Hannah.
Annie   admires Hannah s independence.
Who still lives.
Hannah laments being forced to be independent.
She was a child.
Hannah and Claire interview and accept Annie into their flat.
Hannah makes fun  upsetting her.
Later  Annie and Hannah discuss getting rid the next year.
Hannah and Annie discuss.
Hannah has nt cried since she was.
Her parents split up.
Annie   says.
Whose parents also divorced when she was.
She cries all the time.
The following year  Ricky Burton  a socially awkward stutterer  has temporarily moved in after being kicked out by his landlord.
Ricky s untactful probing angers Hannah.
Discussing psychological traits in a pub.
Annie and Hannah discuss the argument and.
Ricky visits the Chinese restaurant.
Ricky fancies Annie.
Ricky drunkenly confesses his love for Annie.
Annie says.
She s.
Ricky leaves to go and get Chinese.
It is unlikely to be open morning.
Hannah and Annie visit his Nan s home.
When he does nt reappear sometime later.
His Nan tells them  possibly  they go to look for him.
Ricky has gone out.
Annie accompanies Hannah.
She looks.
One flat is owned.
Whose flat contains a painting.
Evans hits and offers both women alcohol.
They run out and are still laughing.
They drive off.
Adrian Spinks  a real estate agent  meets them.
Annie recognises him.
Adrian says.
He does nt recognise them.
Flashbacks show Hannah and Annie s history with Adrian.
Hannah takes Adrian home and sleeps with him.
The following morning  he walks and tries to chat her up.
Annie tells Adrian about a recurring sexual fantasy.
Later  they kiss and discuss.
He split up.
Adrian says.
He did nt want the commitment  and leaves when Annie asks why.
Hannah and Annie learn.
Adrian is married.
Annie and Hannah discuss.
They have changed.
Annie says.
She had nt stopped thinking.
Hannah says but said.
She was hurt back then.
She did nt say anything because she knew that Annie was.
Annie and Hannah cry and hug as they pack away their flat at the end of their four years at university.
Hannah recalls being overwhelmed upon meeting Annie s kind family  as opposed to her own dysfunctional family.
They see their old flatmate Claire running  and discuss the coincidence.
They decide to visit their old flat.
There they spot Ricky sitting  holding a toy elephant.
Ricky   tells them.
Who seems angry and delirious.
He says he arrived the previous day.
He says.
The toy is.
The mother wo nt admit.
The child is his.
He tells them  he says.
His Nan died.
They do nt care when Annie asks where Ricky lives.
They leave.
They find Ricky by the sea.
They ask.
He is.
He shouts and swears.
He does nt care.
They chase.
Him and he screams to leave him alone.
They return to the railway station.
Where they say goodbye.
<EOS>
Ji-su is finally released with his stepsister.
However his father had dark secret  both Ji-su and Ji-hyeon are.
Neither knew before.
<EOS>
A man calling himself Sam Marlowe has his face altered to resemble that and then opens a detective agency.
Duchess have meager business.
Things pick up.
A shooting puts Sam s picture.
Some ruthless people   are.
Who are coincidentally also similar.
Marlowe and Duchess are caught.
<EOS>
Avinash  a young intelligent boy experiences an extremely challenging phase due to his academic failures.
He feels an immense vacuum.
Unfortunately his busy parents are unable to fill.
He visits his grandfather Dadu after several years.
Being the best kite runner  Dadu uses the ` kite  to subtly impart the lessons of life and prepares Avinash to face life.
The Movie is inspired.
<EOS>
Mrs Skrof  a hated woman belonging  is found dead in her apartment  apparently from inhaling gas leaking from her cooker while under the influence of.
Several details lead Inspector Palmu to suspect.
She was murdered.
<EOS>
Viktor Navorski arrives  but finds  so he is not allowed to enter the United States.
His passport is suddenly not valid.
He was en route.
S.
A revolution was started.
The United States no longer recognizes Krakozhia as a sovereign nation and denies Viktor s entrance to the U.
S.
Territory. 
He is unable to leave the airport.
His passport is unrecognized.
He is also unable to be deported back.
Viktor instead lives  carrying his luggage.
A mysterious Planters peanut can.
CBP Head Frank Dixon wants Navorski removed.
Navorski collects money by retrieving vacant baggage trolleys for the 25-cent reward from the machine.
Dixon prevents this.
He then befriends a catering car driver named Enrique Cruz.
Who gives him food for information about Customs and Border Protection officer Dolores Torres  with whom Enrique is infatuated.
Enrique and Dolores eventually marry each other.
He meets flight attendant Amelia Warren.
Who asks him out.
He tries to earn money.
Order to ask Amelia out instead.
He finally gets an off-the-books job.
He also learns to speak fluent English.
Viktor is asked to interpret.
Viktor claims.
It is medicine  barring the drug from confiscation and resolving the crisis.
Who is evaluating Dixon.
He becomes obsessed.
Dixon is advised that sometimes rules must be ignored.
An airport janitor  Rajan Gupta  relates the goat incident to his fellow co-workers and as a result  Viktor earns the respect and admiration of all of the airport staff.
One day  Viktor explains to Amelia.
The purpose is to collect an autograph from the tenor saxophonist Benny Golson.
It is revealed.
The peanut can Viktor carries with him contains an autographed copy.
His late father was a jazz enthusiast.
Who had discovered the famous portrait  and vowed to get an autograph of all the 57 jazz musicians featured on the photograph.
He succeeded.
He died  so Viktor traveled to obtain the autograph  so he can finish his collection.
He could finish his collection.
He is awakened by Enrique and the other friends.
Who inform him that the war is now ended.
Dixon will still not allow Viktor to enter the United States.
Amelia reveals.
She had asked her ` friend  -- actually a married government official -- to assist Viktor in obtaining permission to travel within the U.
S.
Is disappointed to learn.
She has renewed her relationship during this process.
To make matters worse  Dixon needs to sign the form granting Viktor the right to remain  but refuses.
Gupta runs in front of Viktor s plane and asks Viktor to go anyway.
The plane is delayed  giving Viktor enough time to go and obtain the autograph.
Viktor leaves the airport after receiving a uniform coat from a U.
S.
Customs and Border Protection Assistant Port Director and hails a taxi.
Dixon  watching Viktor leave the airport  decides not to pursue him.
He observes Amelia exiting.
Viktor prepares to take the taxi where Benny Golson is performing.
Where she gives him a wistful smile  telling him to go.
He has a short conversation  telling him.
How to avoid traffic and that he is from Krakozhia.
The driver tells Viktor and arrived earlier that week.
He is.
Benny Golson is doing a sound check and asks permission for Viktor to wait.
He finishes his rehearsal.
Viktor listens.
Him play and collects the autograph  finally completing the collection.
Afterwards  Viktor leaves and hails a taxi  telling the driver  I am going home.
The taxi drives off.
The credits roll.
<EOS>
The story begins.
Where Rajnandini Khandelwal passes her 12th class examination and is the.
Everyone is happy.
He and his mother want Rajnandini to get married.
The principal instructs her.
She must join one  and so she volunteers for the College s Dramatics Society  headed by Vivaan.
The others mock her name.
When she introduces herself.
Vivaan abbreviates her name.
Vivaan & RJ become.
Good friends and love was.
RJ helps Vivaan to overcome his hostility and come to a compromise about his future career possibilities.
But  Rajnandani and her friends including Vivaan goes to her aunt s house.
Where  surprisingly her dad opened the door.
He is enraged.
She was out partying and had modernized her dress and demeanour  and takes her back to Ajmer where her marriage was being fixed with an old business associate  Nareshchandra.
The heart-broken Vivaan decides to go with the entire DS  reaching RJ s home during the preparations for her engagement ceremony.
Vivaan confesses.
His play can not work and that he wants her to resume her leading part  even if only for the final play.
RJ s father angrily rejects the request and denounces Vivaan and his friends.
The play wins the 1st prize and everyone.
Vivaan s families are extremely happy  Vivaan and RJ get engaged.
RJ is sent to develop her natural passion for choreography.
Which it is planned that they will get married.
The story ends.
When everyone comes.
<EOS>
Elena Scheider is a prostitute.
Who is hired to seduce Randy Brent  an actor who is working in Phoenix on his latest film The Last Man.
Who committed suicide.
He is now seen.
The Last Man is his first venture.
He has trouble shooting the love scenes.
Elena successfully seduces him.
He soon falls with her.
It does not take.
Before she moves in his mansion in Hollywood.
She is immediately welcomed by all the insiders  including Randy s celebrity daughter Marina and wealthy socialite Grace St.
George.
Elena and Marina become.
Close friends and Marina tells her.
The only man is a man married.
She trusts.
Elena later learns.
The married man is Adam  whose intimidating wife Nancy is aware.
It soon becomes clear.
Everyone is using each other for their own career.
She spontaneously marries Randy and turns to Grace for help to become a Hollywood insider as well  visiting the right parties and wearing the right clothes.
Meanwhile  Randy s film is nearing its release.
Marty Lesky is determined.
It is too bad.
Elena and Marina try to prevent Randy again and try to get him his next movie role.
The film comes out.
Elena seduces Warren Ambrose  a powerful studio owner.
Whose newest project Rogue s Gallery promises to be a huge success.
They film makers are reluctant to hire Randy  claiming.
Robert Redford or Paul Newman are more suited.
Warren suggests Elena to talk.
They immediately feel attracted.
Reade tells her the man is Henry Waller  the screen writer.
Who is casting the roles.
She returns home and catches Randy.
Who wants to cast Randy.
Elena  furious to find out this way  leaves him.
However   she takes him back.
When she finds out that he tried to commit suicide later that evening.
Meanwhile  Marina finds out.
Adam is just  when Nancy reveals that he only slept with her so she would play the female lead in Rogue s Gallery.
Elena throws Henry a party.
He refuses to come  explaining.
He will not consider casting Randy.
She visits him and is successful in seducing home.
She spends the night  thereby ensuring Randy the lead role.
She returns home the next day and splits after giving him the news.
Rogue s Gallery is a contender for the 51st Academy Awards.
Randy and Marina are both very famous again.
Elena and Reade are happily married.
<EOS>
He is swept by the charismatic Lord Henry Wotton.
When a naive young Dorian Gray arrives to Victorian London.
Who introduces Gray.
Lord Henry s friend  society artist Basil Hallward  paints a portrait to capture the full power of his youthful beauty.
Gray makes a flippant pledge  he would give anything to stay.
When the portrait is unveiled.
He is.
Gray meets and falls.
He proposes marriage to her.
He takes Gray.
Lord Henry tells Gray that having children is the beginning.
This breaks Sibyl s heart.
Gray leaves her  drowning herself soon.
Gray learns.
Who tells Gray that Sybil was pregnant.
Jim then tries to kill Gray and carried off by the authorities.
Gray s initial grief disappears.
Lord Henry persuades him that all events are mere experiences and.
His hedonistic lifestyle worsens  distancing him.
Gray goes home to find the portrait warped and twisted and realises.
His pledge has come true  while the portrait ages  its owner s sins are shown.
The chaos starts  leading him to brutally kill Hallward after telling him his secret  dumping the body in the River Thames.
Having left London to travel  Gray returns to London and during the welcome-back party.
The guests are surprised to see that he has not aged at all.
He becomes close  Emily  a member of the UK suffragette movement  despite Lord Henry s distaste for such a relationship due to Gray s lifestyle and unnatural appearance  Emily having provided Lord Henry with a greater moral focus.
Lord Henry s study makes him remember the time.
Gray makes arrangements to leave London.
When he teased Gray to deal at the cost of his soul.
Breaking  Lord Henry discovers the concealed portrait  but is interrupted by Gray.
Gray and Emily are making plans to leave together.
He can uncover it.
Lord Henry discovers a stained scarf in a box  prompting Gray to angrily declare  the personification of the life.
Gray attempts to convince Lord Henry that he still cherishes his friendship and genuinely loves his daughter.
He is what Lord Henry has made him.
He preached but never dared practise.
Full  Gray attempts to strangle Lord Henry  but is distracted by Emily s call long enough for Lord Henry to knock him aside and expose the portrait.
Disgusted and horrified on the canvas  Lord Henry throws a lit lamp at the portrait  causing it to catch fire  subsequently locking the gate of the attic  to ensure Gray and the painting are destroyed.
His daughter sees the ruckus as she pleads.
Gray.
He really loves her.
Lord Henry drags his daughter out.
Resolving to end it all  Gray stabs the painting  causing his body to age the years  Gray charging at the portrait to fully impale it is consumed by an explosion.
It has never suffered.
His years catch up before the attic.
A few months later  scarred  Lord Henry heads to his attic  grimly noting.
Where he keeps the now-youthful portrait.
Nobody will look now.
The portrait s eyes glow  suggesting.
Lord Henry leaves.
Gray s soul may still be even after his death.
<EOS>
The Saint picks up a man  leading him into a web of currency fraud  a couple of murders and much skulduggery.
The case is complicated.
<EOS>
The cartune ostensibly stars Andy Panda and his father  Papa Panda.
It is Woody.
Who steals the show.
The woodpecker constantly pesters the two pandas  apparently.
Andy  meanwhile  tries to sprinkle salt.
This will somehow capture the bird.
Andy s attempts prevail.
Where his captors prove to be crazier than he is.
<EOS>
Helen Allistair  is a boarding-house landlady.
Who takes.
She is a.
She tries to blackmail her boarders.
But she is unsuccessful.
<EOS>
Sergeant Eustis Clay is a peacetime soldier.
Who ca nt wait to finish his service and move on.
He is a personal favorite.
Who is considerably brighter but enjoys his company and loyalty.
Eustis is involved  including one.
Which he will sell tickets to see an equally dim private named Meltzer run a three-minute mile.
He inconveniences Slaughter more than once.
Requires him being bailed out.
Determined with the joys of civilian life  Eustis fixes him up on a date with the much-younger  not too bright Bobbi Jo Pepperdine.
His hitch is up.
Slaughter is offended but gradually he sees another side of Bobbi Jo  including a mutual fondness for crossword puzzles.
Eustis and Slaughter golf together and begin to enjoy the good life.
One night  Eustis is devastated to learn.
A pair use their status as Military Policemen to lure Eustis into a barroom brawl.
He is beaten two-against-one and is nearly defeated.
When Slaughter angrily comes.
Together they win the fight.
The middle-aged  overweight Slaughter collapses.
Hospitalized  he delights Eustis.
They leave the Army together and go live.
Slaughter dies  however.
Eustis  a changed man .
<EOS>
A group continue to hold wild parties inside the wall of the Pink Panther s house.
It does not bother him.
The panther decides to put a stop.
When the mice opt to raid his refrigerator.
<EOS>
A wealthy and independent industrialist  JK alias  assists him financially to go abroad and get necessary qualifications  and then hires him on one of his construction projects.
Jai Kishan befriends a young man by the name of Munish Mehra.
Jai meets and falls in love with Meena Khanna.
Who is the daughter.
Jai finds out.
Munish is also attracted  and is enraged.
He subsequently fires Munish  and ensures.
He will not get hired anywhere else.
Munish gets hired  and is assigned to investigate the collapse of a railway bridge.
Several vain attempts to obtain employment.
Munish finds out.
Jai was directly responsible as he used sub-standard materials.
Munish now has the tools to avenge his humiliation  and accordingly informs his employer.
But  he declines.
When the time comes to make a full report.
The government has no alternative but to prosecute him for taking bribes and destroying his report.
And the main witness appearing is none other than Jai.
<EOS>
Shackleton set out to walk across the whole of Antarctica.
People had yet to make the cross-continent trek.
The South Pole had already been discovered.
However  his ship became trapped in the ice-flow of the Weddell Sea.
Where he and his crew stayed.
Shackleton s Antarctic Adventure.
George Butler  director.
WBGH Boston & White Mountain Films .
<EOS>
Sreenu is the son.
He is a high school drop and wants to marry his uncle s daughter Bujji.
She rejects him stating.
He does nt have college education.
Sreenu  decides to go to Hyderabad.
Who is clever and.
He bashes up a bunch.
Travelling. 
He meets Shruthi and falls in love with her.
The city gangster Bhavani is and blackmails her to marry him.
He beats anyone moving closely.
Meanwhile  henchmen are looking for Sreenu in the city.
Sreenu meets Bhavani and forces him.
Whereby  he will make Shruthi love him.
Sreenu rescues Shruthi.
She is kidnapped.
When Sreenu wins Shruthi s heartand both decide to elope.
It is then revealed.
Rajanna kidnapped Shruthi to get hold because Rajanna s daughter Sandhya is in love with Sreenu.
She was the girl.
Who was saved on the train.
Sreenu lands and finds himself in a fix.
Bhavani  too  arrives.
A police intelligence officer  Rajanna s brother-in-law  comes to attend Sreenu and Sandhya s wedding.
Sreenu and Bhavani start their one-upmanship games to win Shruthi.
Are revealed and turns.
Sreenu comes out.
<EOS>
The story.
Is forced to deal.
<EOS>
The film is a road movie.
They try to find Tom s fifth grade girlfriend.
<EOS>
Veronique Chambon  a single schoolteacher and Jean  discover an unexpected bond.
Causes them to question the direction.
They move but their relationship develops.
Their lives begin gradually to unravel.
<EOS>
Cindy Liggett is waiting she committed in her teens  12 years earlier.
Clemency lawyer Rick Hayes tries to save her.
She was when she committed the crime of which she was found guilty and that she is no longer the same person she had been at the time of the murder.
<EOS>
Seema is the only child.
Who is adopted.
Jamuna manages to placate her dad  & he.
Goes  only to find it in flames.
Their son  Sunder  missing.
Years later  Seema has now grown up and meets.
She meets him a year later.
This time he introduces himself  a man.
She was supposedly engaged to.
Shortly thereafter she meets  and changes her mind about the fake Jhatpat Singh alias Pyarelal.
She does get to meet him again - this time he claims to be Sunil.
Who gets employed as the Estate Manager.
Both re-kindle their romance  It is one.
Which Music Director Rahul Dev Burman plays a role apart from giving the music for the film  the other being Bhoot Bungla.
<EOS>
The film centres.
<EOS>
Summer has run away and is searching for her father.
Who had abandoned her and her mother when she was very young.
A policeman catches her.
She is attempting to steal.
She escapes.
She hooks up happen to be psychopaths.
Tom catches young girls off-guard and brings them down.
Where he has a human garden which is horrific.
Here he subjects them to inhuman torture.
The girls try to escape.
Summer tries to escape  but can not and decides.
It is better to gain Tom s trust.
Tom s father comes home.
She finds out.
He is her father also.
But her long awaited.
Fairytale reunion is marred.
Tom is shot.
When he decides to intervene  as is his mother.
Her father takes her away.
Where there is only a woman  whom he plans.
Summer manages to sneak up and kill him.
When he is distracted.
<EOS>
The film begins.
He learns.
The city is still ruled.
Jeevan reveals.
He has lived as a child.
Navaneeth Krishnan a.
K. 
A. 
Kishanji is the Henchman.
Who acts to him.
Kishan has a.
Jeevan gets injured.
Jeevan later meets Kishan.
It turns out.
It is Ananthakrishnan a.
K. 
A. 
Ananthu  Kishan s twin brother.
Who is a well educated and righteous person.
Jeevan visits their family home to confirm the facts.
He learns.
Kishan   ran off as a child and joined the gangs of Mangalore owing to a punishing father.
Kishen was a normal child  but was always compared to the extra calm Ananthu and was punished severely for even the smallest of mistakes.
Jeevan also meets Kishen s uncle and his daughter Manikkutty.
Who is Ananthu s fiancee.
Back  Jeevan meets Govindji.
Who gives him a warm welcome and shows that he has done enough home work.
He introduce Jeevan.
It is hinted.
Govindji is responsible.
Jeevan is seeking revenge.
Govindji is mentoring Kishen to become the next Govindji.
Kishen considers Govindji and is obsessed with him.
Govindji frequently repeats the incidents from.
Where Govindji rescued him.
Kishen s best friend Muhammed.
Ibrahim works.
They keep their friendship alive.
Muhammed seems tired and wants a peaceful life.
However he ca nt escape it.
Kishen lives provided by Govindji and has a deep relation with neighbouring family of Akhila and her mother.
Akhila is.
However Kishen wears a stern face to hide his love.
Ananthu visits Kishen.
Kishen is visibly jeleous.
Akhila shows.
Ananthu requests Kishen  however Kishen refuses.
He still strongly hates his father.
Ananthu returns home empty handed.
Kishen murders Mehaboob  a close associate.
Upsets him greatly.
Jeevan smells the opportunity and councils Muhammed.
He suggests.
Govindji and Reddy may not be enemies as they pretends.
Muhammed provides information.
Jeevan raids the godowns and arrests Reddy.
Govindji senses danger and orders Kishen to kill Muhammed.
Kishen questions Govindji.
However  Govindji convinces Kishen to kill Muhammed Ibrahim to prove his loyalty.
Kishen kills Muahammed from behind with great grief.
Back home Kishen finds ` Mummy  murdered and realize.
Govindji ordered the murder.
Kishen visits Govindji.
Suring heated argument  Kishen kills the new hench man and points the gun.
Who was instrument.
Kishen leaves the gang.
Govindji arranges ` Shoot against Kishen.
Jeevan learns this and tries to protect Kishen.
Meanwhile  Ananthu arrives to pursue Kishen to attend their sister s wedding.
Jeevan manages to find Kishen.
But Ananthu gets killed by Govindji s men.
Jeevan and Akhila convinces Kishen to pretend so as to escape Govindji.
Kishen  Jeevan and Akhila takes Ananthu s body back.
Back home  he finds his parents grief.
Jeevan returns.
Akhila stays.
Kishen tries to be Ananthu.
He does not know anything.
He is unable to handle queries on bird watching.
He enters a long leave.
Also he finds it difficult to deal.
Who is madly.
He understands.
Much his father loved him.
Also his mother reveals him  she had understood his identity.
The war continues in Mangalore.
Govindji finds a new hitman and kills Mahendra Reddy to destroy evidence.
Jeevan visits Kishen and request his assistance to destroy Govindji.
He tries to provoke Kishen to seek revenge.
However Kishen refuses to help.
He is trying to carry.
Ananthu gets honoured.
Kishen finds it difficult to face the press interviews.
He reveals the truth.
Meanwhile  Govindji also reads.
It is then.
He lears Kishen has a twin brother.
He get alert immediately.
He visits Kishen.
Kishen handles the situation well.
Govindji s doubt remains.
Govindji abducts Akhila.
He files a Police complaint.
Akhila is missing.
He wants Kishen back.
That he can be killed.
He does not want Kishen to arrive unexpectedly.
It is too difficult.
He also tries to threaten Kishen.
Finally Kishen arrives.
Mangalore takes hand with Jeevan.
They capture all in single night.
Then they raid his Banglowe and rescues Akhila.
Govindji stands alone helplessly.
Kishen tells Govindji.
He is defeated.
He does not want to kill him.
He gifts his gun.
Govindji Commits suicide.
<EOS>
Parolee Ben Jordan has spent the past fifteen years.
He is monitored.
He is released.
Mathews begins looking and becomes convinced.
He was convicted and starts becoming convinced of his innocence in the crime.
Before long she starts falling.
This is far.
Even if he is innocent  Mrs Jordan s real murderer may soon come a calling.
<EOS>
The movie starts  standing on the rooftop of his luxury penthouse.
Someone is trying to break.
He prepares himself to jump off the roof.
3 months earlier  Eddie is a New York City author struggling looming  and struggling after being dumped by his girlfriend Lindy.
One day  Eddie comes.
Vernon  a drug dealer  offers Eddie a nootropic drug  NZT-48  claiming.
It allows the user to access 100.
Eddie accepts the pill and arrives home.
Eddie takes one dose and finds  with his heightened brain activity  he realizes.
The claim is true.
His neighbour studies law that he remembered from college that he saw in her hand  and helps her write 50 pages of her report assignment.
He arrives and completes 90 pages of the book for his delighted publisher  but is concerned.
He has little recollection.
Vernon makes Eddie complete mundane tasks   he finds.
When Eddie returns after one errand.
The apartment ransacked.
He quickly finds Vernon s stash  a small amount of cash  and a book of addresses.
He takes before the police arrive.
Eddie  using NZT-48  quickly finishes the book but believes.
He is capable.
He finds the ability to identify trends  and is able to quadruple investments on a daily basis.
Seeking to grow a fortune quickly  he obtains a short term loan from Russian mafia thug  Gennady    he is troubled by a man in a tan coat.
He is able to turn in a few days at a trading arcade.
He knows he has drawn media attention.
Appears to be following him.
Eddie is able to rekindle his relation during this time.
Eddie s success leads.
Who wants Eddie s advice the next day.
Eddie spends.
The day influenced  drinking and partying heavily  and eventually coming to his senses in a hotel room with a blonde woman.
Worried  he quickly leaves  followed by the man in the tan coat.
Eddie meets  having not yet taken a look at the assignment nor a dose of NZT.
Eddie realizes.
They discuss it.
Atwood may also be a NZT user.
Just then  a news reports breaks.
The woman Eddie was before was found murdered.
Worried  Eddie talks to Melissa  still  two years since quitting.
Who was a former user.
The drug has left Melissa sluggish and lazy.
Eddie returns home but is accosted.
Who takes his last NZT pill giving time to get the funds to repay Gennady.
Eddie tells Lindy and asks her to bring it over   she is followed.
He had stored a stash at her apartment.
She does.
Eddie convinces her to take one pill  giving her heightened awareness to injure the man and escape   she fears.
She returns the stash.
What he s become and leaves him again.
Eddie works.
He continues to build his wealth  hires bodyguards to protect him  and pays a laboratory to try to reverse engineer NZT.
Also  the Russian mobster found out.
Now he is blackmailing Eddie to get the drug.
Eddie aids Van Loon.
Who promises Eddie $ 40 million.
The deal goes through.
Meanwhile  Eddie is marked  he hires a top attorney Morris Brandt to help defend him.
Worried  Eddie buys a highly secured penthouse safehouse.
Atwood s wife shows up instead and announces.
Atwood had fallen.
Eddie recognizes the driver  and realizes.
Eddie and Van Loon escort her back.
Atwood was trying to get his stash from Eddie.
Later  Eddie is required to participate.
Brandt holds his custom-made jacket.
Eddie is not recognized and is let off as a suspect.
Later he discovers.
The stash has gone missing.
He realizes.
Brandt took the stash when he sees him on television as Atwood s attorney.
Gennady and his henchmen try to break.
Eddie starts withdrawals.
Eddie contemplates jumping to end it all  but remembers.
He may have one more pill.
He finds it  causing him to drop the pill.
As the Russians break in.
Gennady demonstrates.
He has found a way to take NZT directly.
He started an import-export business.
Eddie uses the moment and attacks Gennady  killing him.
Desperately needing NZT  but  Eddie resorts to drinking Gennady s blood to successfully regain his enhanced faculties.
One returns to find him and the corpse.
Eddie blinds the Russians  eyes.
He then tricks the blinded goon  before eventually killing the blinded Russian.
Later  learning  Eddie convinces the man.
Atwood died.
The two recover Eddie s stash from Brandt s residence.
A year later  Eddie has remained wealthy  his book has hit the market.
He is running.
Van Loon visits him  initially.
Soon reveals the company.
He has bought.
Made NZT and closed down the laboratory Eddie had hired to make it  seeking to provide Eddie for political favors to escape from the law.
Eddie surprises Van Loon.
He has been several steps ahead.
He hired multiple laboratories to work  but he.
Retaining his acute mental abilities.
He recognizes.
Van Loon has a terminal heart condition and will die soon.
He escorts him back.
Later on  Eddie meets.
He orders his meal speaking Mandarin.
Eddie realizes.
Lindy is staring.
What.
Then the credits roll.
<EOS>
Prabhu is a happy-go-lucky middle class family guy.
Who spends time playing carrom.
His father and he keep falling.
He indulges.
Who he meets.
Prabhu questions his father s responsibility.
When he is caught.
His angry father gives Prabhu some and tells him to do something with his life.
Prabhu purchases a Bajaj Pulsar bike instead and finds a job.
The bike lost  subjecting him to interminable anguish.
Eventually saves his life and gets.
He searches.
He tells them.
When his family members asks him.
He has given it.
Prabhu comes with the underworld  courtesy a brutal murder planned by Out  the right hand of an underworld smuggling don  Selvam.
Prabhu finds out.
His bike was stolen a petty bike thief who turns out to be with Selvam s younger brother Ravi.
Prabhu traces down the culprit and hands him over to the local police station.
Some beat down.
A formal complaint was lodged on the same night.
Later that night Prabhu confesses.
His bike was indeed stolen and not that he has given it.
The next day morning Ravi visits Prabhu s residence and threatens him to withdraw the complaint.
Prabhu manages to fight them all and leaves Ravi beaten and embarrassed.
When Prabhu refuses  a fight breaks in  where Ravi is joined by few of his accomplices.
Ravi s brother Selvam returns home after a murder charge.
S beat down.
When he find out that What happened  he gets furious and sends his henchmen to kill Prabhu without knowing what really was the reason for his brother.
Meanwhile Prabhu himself along meets Selvam at his own territorial residence.
Ravi was not home at that time.
He was searching for Prabhu in his area.
Prabhu tells the truth but refuses to believe.
His brother Ravi and his men stole his bike.
Selvam believes Prabhu  apologizing for.
What happened and promises Prabhu that he will do whatever he can to get his bike back.
But it was too late Murali.
Who receives the attack.
He was admitted.
Prabhu breaks down.
His father may never walk again after his right leg is paralysed.
Selvam  Ravi and their men visit Prabhu to condole and apologize.
What happened this time.
Prabhu turns down the apology.
Again an immediate fight was about to break.
Selvam separates them both.
Prabhu invariably gets dragged.
He wants to stay away.
Who now target his family to seek revenge.
Prabhu s bike was caught.
They nab Prabhu suspecting him.
They release him and shows them his FIR copy.
Prabhu tells them that his bike was stolen.
But he does nt tell them about.
Who really was responsible.
Now Prabhu learns.
His bike was stolen.
It was Ravi.
Who smuggled drugs.
Prabhu loses his job.
His bike was a source as a customer bill collector.
Also he was kept night.
Prabhu also gets despair.
Ravi makes one more attempt.
He was snubbed again.
Selvam becomes unhappy and warns him to quit smuggling.
He ever gets.
Ravi accuses Selvam and warns Ravi to mind his language.
Then surprisingly Selvam himself comes.
Out separates briefly after this conflict.
The next day attacked.
Selvam and Ravi gets.
When they were travelling.
Selvam asks his brother to stay and handles the killers on his own.
He gets brutally injured.
Only to find out that he s been stabbed by his own Brother Ravi.
The attack was arranged.
Himself to kill Selvam.
Ravi delivers the killer blow.
Selvam is too complacent.
He s going to kill him.
Selvam dies.
Ravi creates a scene.
He s not aware.
Gets furious and vows to kill every enemy of his mentor Selvam including Prabhu.
Prabhu gets his bike back and was relieved before coming to know.
What is going on.
Ravi is.
He first goes to save Hema.
He goes to save his family.
He thinks the only way to stop.
This is to confront Ravi himself.
He takes down all the men sent.
Who comes.
Meanwhile Prabhu s family were chased down by Ravi s men.
Prabhu finds Ravi hiding and engages him in a fight.
Prabhu gets Ravi  threatening him to ask his men to leave Prabhu s family.
Ravi does so.
Ravi provokes him to continue the fight til.
When prabhu is about to leave.
One gets killed.
Prabhu manages to dodge Ravi s swing and gets a steel rod to fatally knock down Ravi.
Out arrives.
Surprisingly he lets Prabhu to go to let.
Ravi know he discovered Ravi s conspiracy.
Ravi dies.
Prabhu leaves the scene.
It is said to be an inspiration.
<EOS>
Set  the film follows Collin Fenwick.
He is sent to live.
He soon discovers.
The Talbo household is anything but normal.
Collin grows to be close to Dolly and Catherine and becomes acquainted with the eccentric townspeople  from the gossip-loving barber to a traveling evangelist with fifteen illegitimate kids.
To escape Verena s oppression  Dolly  Collin  and Catherine run away.
Their rebellion sparks a series.
Change their lives and the entire town as well.
<EOS>
Ethan Hunt   is alerted by the IMF.
Someone has used his identity to assist Russian bio-chemical expert Dr Vladimir Nekhorvich to enter into the United States  but purposely crashed the commercial airliner en route.
Nekhorvich  an old friend  had forewarned the IMF of his arrival  planning to deliver a new virus called Chimera and its cure  Bellerophon.
Of which he was forced to develop  into the IMF s hands.
IMF is worried.
The virus is out  believing that IMF agent Sean Ambrose is behind the incident.
IMF assigns Ethan to recover it.
Ethan is told.
He can use two members.
The third person to help him must be Nyah Nordoff-Hall  a professional thief presently operating.
She will be able to get close.
Ethan meets his team  computer expert Luther Stickell and pilot Billy Baird in Sydney  Australia.
Where Biocyte laboratories are located along.
Nyah gets close to Ambrose and begins to find any information related to the Chimera virus.
Ambrose quietly meets with Biocyte s CEO  John C.
McCloy  and shows him a video.
Nyah is able to steal the video footage long enough to transfer it.
Who learn that the Chimera virus has a 20-hour dormant period before it causes death.
This is depicted.
Show the victim dead.
Bellerophon can only save the victim.
Used. 
The IMF team kidnaps McCloy and learns.
Nekhorvich had actually injected himself  now presently in Ambrose s hands.
Ambrose has blackmailed McCloy to sell him the virus and promising to return the samples of Bellerophon.
Ethan s team plans to break and destroy the virus.
Ambrose  posing  tricks Nyah into revealing Ethan s plan.
Ambrose secures Nyah and prepares to raid Biocyte.
Himself to secure the virus.
Ethan is able to destroy all but one sample.
Ambrose interrupts him.
An ensuing firefight begins.
Ethan learns.
Ambrose is holding Nyah and stops firing  during which Ambrose orders Nyah to retrieve the last sample.
She injects herself  thus preventing Ambrose from simply killing her to get it.
When she does so.
Ethan escapes and starts a 20-hour countdown.
Ambrose takes Nyah.
The virus takes.
Ethan s team is able to locate and infiltrate the meeting  stealing the samples while taking out many of Ambrose s men.
Luther and Billy locate Nyah  intent.
Who has wandered.
He and Ambrose engage and wilds out on Ambrose.
The two IMF agents bring Nyah.
Ethan finally gains the upper hand over Ambrose and shoots him dead.
Then Luther injects Nyah.
Ethan reports on the successful mission.
IMF clears Nyah s criminal record  and allows Ethan to continue his vacation in Sydney.
<EOS>
A young girl named.
Laura is playing in a park of the orphanage.
A caretaker of the orphanage receives a call.
She confirms.
Laura is going to be adopted.
37-year old Laura returns to the dilapidated orphanage  accompanied by her husband  Carlos  and their seven-year-old adopted son  Simon.
Where she grew up.
Her plan is to rebuild and reopen the orphanage for disabled children.
Once there  Simon claims to see a boy named Tomas.
Whom he befriends and draws.
A social worker  Benigna Escobeda  visits the orphanage  telling Laura.
She has Simon s adoption file  which includes the fact that Simon is.
Incensed  Laura sends her away.
That night  Laura finds.
Benigna snooping shed.
Benigna escapes the premises.
Laura can confront her.
Later  Simon teaches Laura a type.
Tomas taught him.
The game involves hiding a person s possessions.
Who recovers his final possession winning a granted wish.
The clues lead with an angry Simon saying.
Playing the game.
His new friends told him that Laura is not his real mother and that he knows he is going to die soon.
Laura and Simon argue  and Simon hides from her.
Laura is confronted with the name Tomas embroidered onto his shirt.
Searching. 
Laura presumes.
It is Simon playing games  and when she escapes she finds that Simon is missing  and searches for him throughout the house and outside.
The hunt leads her.
Where she trips and injures herself.
The police psychologist  Pilar  suggests to Laura and Carlos.
Benigna may have abducted Simon.
That night  a bedridden Laura hears unexplained banging in the walls.
Six months later  Simon is still declared missing.
One day  spot Benigna pushing a baby carriage downtown.
Searching. 
Benigna is suddenly hit and killed.
Laura calls out.
Laura rushes  but finds only a doll wearing Tomas  sack mask.
The police search Benigna s home and find evidence revealing.
Benigna worked long ago and that she had a son named Tomas who was at the orphanage.
He wore a sack-like mask due to his deformed face and was housed away from the other children in a separate room.
Tomas was accidentally killed.
Who found out and stole his mask near a beach cave  which is accessible at low tide.
Embarrassed  Tomas hid  resulting in his death by drowning.
Happened only weeks after Laura was sent away.
Laura goes to a medium named Aurora  seeking clues to her son s disappearance.
Aurora sets up cameras and begins a seance to talk to them.
Carlos and Laura are monitoring.
She claims.
She saw the children.
Laura searches the orphanage grounds and discovers the remains of the orphans.
She grew up.
Unable to cope  Carlos leaves the orphanage.
Laura promises him she will be done.
Laura recreates the original orphanage layout and attempts to contact the ghost children.
She soon begins to see them.
When she initiates a game.
The ghosts lead her.
This door leads.
She sees Simon alive and hugs him in a blanket.
Laura finds.
The ghost children vanish.
The body  wearing Tomas  mask  lies behind her.
She realizes.
She had inadvertently caused Simon s death  and that the unexplained noises she had heard were Simon trying to get out.
Laura had heard a loud crash.
Had been Simon falling below  breaking his neck.
Laura carries Simon s body upstairs and swallows many handfuls  begging to be with Simon again.
Laura s wish is granted.
Simon returns.
Simon then tells Laura.
His wish was for her to stay and take care.
Later  Carlos walks alone.
Stand. 
Carlos returns and finds a St.
Anthony medallion.
He had given.
He hears the door opening  he slowly smiles.
He looks up.
<EOS>
Commander Christopher ` Kit  Draper and Colonel Dan McReady are the crew.
They are forced to use up their fuel to avoid an imminent collision.
When they reach the planet.
They have no choice.
To eject.
McReady is killed.
Draper is stranded.
He finds a cave.
Then  he figures out.
To obtain the rest.
First  he burns some coal-like rocks and accidentally discovers.
Heating them gives off oxygen.
This allows him to refill his air tank and move around.
He finds the shattered vehicle of the dead McReady.
Draper buries the body.
Afterwards  he meets Mona the monkey.
Who survived the crash  and returns to the cave.
Draper then constructs a crude sand clock.
Sounds an alarm to awaken him.
Later  Draper notices.
Mona keeps disappearing periodically and that she is uninterested.
He gives her a salty biscuit  but no water   he lets her out and follows her.
When Mona gets very thirsty.
She has found.
There are also edible plant sausages growing in the water.
Draper slowly begins to crack.
The days grow.
He watches helplessly.
His ship  an inaccessible supermarket  periodically crosses the sky.
The ship does nothing.
When he orders it to land.
One day   Draper notices a rock standing  as if deliberately planted as a marker.
Walking about.
He looks and sees bones.
He brushes away.
He digs up the rest and determines.
The creature was murdered  as the skull is charred.
Frightened  he signals his ship to self-destruct to remove all signs.
It turns out  as Draper sees.
He believes it to be a rescue ship from Earth.
He heads towards the landing site  only to see an advanced alien craft in the sky.
Realizing his error  he approaches cautiously and sees slave labor being used.
One escapes  running into Draper.
The alien ships blast the area.
The stranger has black bracelets just like the one Draper found earlier.
That night  they witness the aliens blast the mine area and depart.
They find the dead bodies.
When they investigate.
Draper names his new acquaintance Friday  in Robinson Crusoe  and starts teaching him English.
Friday shows him air pills.
Provide oxygen.
They gradually grow to trust and like each other.
The aliens return  tracking Friday by his bracelets.
The aliens blast the castaways  hiding place  forcing Draper  Friday and Mona to flee.
They eventually end up.
Exhausted  freezing and nearly out  they build a snow shelter just like the Eskimos.
Draper finally succeeds.
A meteor crashes  creating a firestorm and melting the snow.
Just then  they track an approaching spaceship.
Draper believes it to be the enemy again.
Then their radio broadcasts a human voice.
Draper identifies himself.
A lander comes down to pick up Draper and his companions.
The credits then roll.
Mars recedes.
<EOS>
Mike and Tony Petrakis are Greek American father and son sponge diving entrepreneurs and even murder to maintain their established fishing grounds.
Who find themselves  WASP fishermen who are prepared to resort to violence.
Run-ins lead to an exchange of threats and all-out brawls.
Further complications ensue.
When Tony Petrakis meets Gwyneth Rhys  and the two fall.
<EOS>
Kate has a supernatural power.
She can tell a person s time of death without any mistake.
She meets Jason.
Who is going to die a few hours later.
She made a deal.
If he reincarnates  he will tell her about it and let her know what is reincarnation.
That night   he saw a horrible image.
Kate predicted  Jason died and that last moment dies.
Days later  Kate receives a reincarnation phone call.
Frightened  she follows the phone caller s instruction and leaves to Hong Kong.
There she meets Daren.
Daren is a bartender   he feels depressed.
He has an incomplete spirit.
Darren and Kate investigate and found out the truth of the horrible image.
Jason saw.
They find out the true meaning about life  death and most importantly love.
<EOS>
A divorced woman moves with her young son.
She s trying to re-build her life  she leaves her son with his grandmother.
She joins the choir.
She has some issues.
Who tries to get the choir before the Christmas concert.
The choir overcome some personal setbacks.
They all deal.
Zoe thinks.
When push comes to shove.
<EOS>
Dhanakpur village farmer Thakur Jaswant Singh and Dhanraj Singh are brothers.
They have a younger sister Madhumati.
Who was used  made pregnant and ditched.
The family refuses Jawant Singh s request to get his sister married.
Ratan s family refuses to accept.
He is guilty  as they are interested.
Insulted  Jaswant decides to leave the village.
Unable to tolerate the events  Madhumati commits suicide.
Frustrated  Dhanraj kills Ratan and gets imprisoned.
The two families are now bitter enemies.
Jaswant moves  develops his business  and reaches good status  he also raises Dhanraj s kids.
Years later  Dhanraj gets released.
Dhanraj receives a letter from his son  Raj  an ardent.
Who completes his education.
An emotional Dhanraj sneaks and is glad to see his son fulfill his dreams.
Raj and his buddy go to Dhanakpur to clear his family s land deal.
Raj falls.
Returning home.
Raj sneaks.
The two meet again.
They become lost while finding a way out together.
Raj finds out but is unable to tell her the truth.
He immediately arranges Rashmi s wedding.
When Randhir Singh  Rashmi s father  finds out.
The two lovers take  dreaming of an idyllic life together.
Furious  Randhir hires a contract killer to kill Raj.
The lovers have a brief interval.
They stay.
He goes there to bring Rashmi home and ensure.
When Randhir gets to know their whereabouts.
Raj is killed.
Randhir s mother does not wish and tells him to save them.
She goes to Dhanraj.
Raj leaves the fort to bring some wood.
Randhir meets and tells her to come home  he has accepted their love.
Raj is away.
Rashmi is overjoyed  not knowing the truth.
Raj is chased by the henchmen.
Dhanraj reaches the fort and repeatedly asks him.
They get.
A gunshot is heard.
Rashmi leaves the scene to make sure.
Raj is okay.
He is just about to be shot.
The henchman shoots her instead.
She is shot twice and rolls down the hill.
Raj overpowers the henchman and reaches Rashmi s side  crying.
They promise never to leave each other.
Rashmi breathes her last in Raj s arms.
A grief-stricken Raj is devastated  and says.
Nothing can separate them.
He commits suicide  and dies with his head on Rashmi s chest.
The final scene is both families running  the lovers are together  never to be separated.
The sun sets.
<EOS>
The beginning is promising   - Care Murugesan limp sorrowfully from the Central Jail  Palayamkottai  in a scruffy beard and glasses.
You watch a Do nt.
He has been incarcerated.
Naturally  there s a story.
Rewinds. 
He s an unruly youngster in pretty village Sivasailam  the son of a hard-working flower-sellers  with Thapaal Thangavelu.
Who provides as the posts he delivers.
Life is a long  sunny adventure.
Who beats people up  sells his grandfather s land  runs over rooftops and incurs so much that he s prophesied to meet a horrible end.
-- he continues.
That this gloomy prospect affects Murugesan.
He runs smack.
Thus we have the first half  the two have sudden and quirky escapades.
Is a series.
The village s bigwig   casts his eyes on Parijatham.
Who is magnanimous at home.
Apart is  he places his pawns carefully  and is afraid.
What sets his characterization.
He is not your average villain who shrieks and carries away the heroine.
He and Murugesan come close.
The situations defuse themselves.
Several twists occur in a quick fashion.
Murugesan and Parijatham are bound.
Which  seemingly  there is no escape.
<EOS>
Yxxxxx  an intergalactic parasite   has decided to force three other inmates   to escape the mental asylum with him to involve them in their evil plans.
Who is confined.
Who are not exactly an example.
<EOS>
This film s timeline begins and then flashes back to Karol Wojtyla as a young man growing up decades earlier in Wadowice  Poland.
The storyline then returns slowly back  covering Wojtyla s early life  family relationships  his political involvements fighting against Nazism during World War II and struggling against post-war Communism in Poland.
His relationship and involvement eventually installed as a pope.
He becomes a priest  a bishop  a cardinal  and is himself.
<EOS>
Mother rabbit was going to look for some carrots outside the house.
Her child would feel lonely  she made a snowman for him.
Was fabulous.
The snowman started to move the moment.
She left.
He had a great time.
But it was getting colder and colder  thus forcing the baby rabbit to go home and make a fire so as to get warm.
Unfortunately  he fell asleep.
His quilt fell  leaving the house in fire.
The snowman saw this and rushed without hesitation.
Finally  he rescued his friend -- the little rabbit.
She was relieved to find.
When the mother rabbit returned.
Her child was safe and sound.
The lovely snowkid disappeared forever.
<EOS>
The plot is set after the battle of Sekigahara.
Toshiro Mifune s character  Mohei is a contumacious wandering samurai.
He arrives to look for new beginning.
Unfolds a conspiracy of the Toyotomi clan to stop Lord Ieyasu Tokugawa s ambition for personal domination of Japan.
<EOS>
Concert pianist Montgomery Royale is deafened.
Giving a private performance.
When a bomb is detonated to assassinate the foreign ruler.
Royale returns to New York City with his sister Florence  close friend Mildred Miller  and considerably younger fiancee Grace Blair.
Montgomery discovers.
He can lip read.
He spends his days observing people.
He tries to help them anonymously.
He learns.
He becomes absorbed.
His actions are.
One day Montgomery witnesses a conversation and Harold Van Adam.
Which she tells the young man she loves him but can not leave Montgomery.
Moved  Montgomery confronts her and ends their engagement  allowing her to follow her heart.
Montgomery continues to act  but his attitude is changed.
His motives become altruistic.
He draws closer.
Who always has loved him.
The two find happiness.
<EOS>
-LCB- -LCB- copy edit -RCB- -RCB- The prequel is set in the early 1900s and begins with American author  Ambrose Bierce  experiencing a nightmare.
Which he dies.
Bierce then wakes up and talks to join Pancho Villa s revolutionary army.
He joins a stagecoach transporting a newlywed couple  John and Mary Newlie.
Who are traveling to preach Christianity.
Meanwhile  Johnny Madrid  a dangerous local outlaw  escapes his hangman s beautiful daughter  Esmeralda.
He receives assistance.
Madrid meets with his gang.
Who later rob Bierce s stagecoach that Bierce holds an invaluable object.
The object turns out to be the manuscript.
Reece is eventually responsible.
They free her.
All parties coincidentally seek shelter.
Night falls.
Also serves.
The establishment is run.
Who are led.
All and the remnants of Madrid s gang are killed by the vampires.
Mary is bitten.
John is revealed.
Who only married Mary.
Meanwhile  Reece s background is revealed.
It is discovered.
She is an outlaw who killed her entire family.
Esmeralda is exposed.
Madrid  Bierce  the hangman  Reece  John  Esmeralda  and a few patrons manage to escape beneath the building.
Mary attacks John.
He manages to kill her but shows regret.
A patron turns  killing some of them.
He is killed.
Eventually  the various humans work together to survive the vampire attack.
They are eventually captured.
Esmeralda transforms.
Johnny manages to break and free the others.
Reece and John are killed.
Esmeralda turns the Hangman.
He kills Quixtla  allowing Johnny and Ambrose to escape.
The change is complete.
Esmeralda screams.
The film ends.
Johnny somberly looks away and joins Ambrose s quest to join Pancho Villa s army.
The camera zooms out to show the Mayan temple.
They leave.
House the vampires  a callback.
Part of the alternative ending is shown  Ambrose is revealed to have told this story to someone in a bar.
The listener refuses to believe.
Ambrose offers proof and proceeds to turn and kill the listener.
The original cut showed a completely different outcome.
Who eventually overcome him.
The ending was likely changed to keep the running theme making it out alive from the vampire den.
<EOS>
Dr Roman Nycz has been diagnosed  his friend and colleague confirms the prognosis  suggesting  Hanka a stewardess for KLM.
He should divorce his beautiful young wife.
They love each other too much and simply can not do it.
Hanka says.
There are more important things and that she will manage living without it.
Roman encourages Hanka to find a lover  she says.
She does not have one already.
She will not do it and that they should not discuss this problem.
Roman is teased.
Who must undergo heart surgery.
Earlier that morning he notices a young man.
Who walks away.
He becomes suspicious and bugs his own phone to eavesdrop.
He finds out.
She does have a younger boyfriend  Mariusz  a physics student  with whom she has a purely physical relationship.
Their trysts happen.
One day  Hanka forgets some items.
Her mother wanted and asks Roman to retrieve them for her  while in the house he snoops around and finds a notebook that he had earlier found in his car.
He also makes duplicate keys.
Hanka tries to end the relationship with Mariusz.
He says.
He loves her and wants to marry her.
It is over.
Hanka goes alone.
She does not know.
Mariusz has followed her there.
Roman has also spotted Mariusz preparing his skiing gear and calls his house posing as a faculty member.
His mother tells him.
Mariusz has left to the same destination as Hanka.
She thinks suddenly and fears.
When Hanka and Mariusz meet.
He might do something stupid.
He does as he tries to commit suicide  but survives.
<EOS>
King  living churning out one noir book after another  is offered an abnormally large sum to ghostwrite the autobiography of a mystery celebrity.
The intrigued King agrees and is transported.
Where he meets his subject  Preston Gilbert  a one-time movie star known and notorious for hanging out with real-life mobsters off the set.
Now dying  Gilbert wants King to jot down his life story.
He dies.
However  the star is murdered  leaving King with no conclusion to his tale.
Playing detective  King pieces together the mystery.
<EOS>
The Christian Social Party comes to power.
The new Chancellor Dr Schwerdtfeger  a fanatical anti-Semite  sees his people.
He therefore has a law passed forcing all Jews to emigrate by the end of the year.
The law is enthusiastically received.
The Jews leave the country.
But a sober reality makes.
Itself felt.
Cultural life becomes impoverished.
Ludwig Anzengruber are still performed.
Many cafes are empty  or are converted selling sausages.
The economy declines.
Business has greatly diminished  and has moved.
Inflation and unemployment run wild.
The political characters are delineated in such a way as to be identifiable with real politicians of the period  Bundeskanzler Schwerdtfeger  for example  is based on Ignaz Seipel.
The film also dwells on the love relationship between Lotte  a typical Viennese girl and the daughter of a member of the National Assembly.
Who voted.
Towards the end the National Assembly resolves to bring the Jews back again.
However   Lotte and Leo   have to remove the anti-Semitic Parliamentary representative Bernard.
Order to achieve the necessary two-thirds majority.
Who has already illegally returned with forged papers identifying him as a French painter.
They do.
The drama reaches a peak.
He is committed  where in a claustrophobic and asymmetrically painted cell he sees himself threatened by Stars of David.
This sequence also represents the divergence.
The action is revealed as a dream of the anti-Semitic Councillor Bernard.
` Gottlob  dab der dumme Traum vorbei ist - wir sind ja alle nur Menschen und wollen keinen Hab - Leben wollen wir - ruhig nebeneinander leben.
Kivur  Nr.
1346  o.
J.
O. 
S.
<EOS>
Nasser the ` Jameendar  is living happily with his wife.
The couple is liberal and spent all their money.
Enter Singapetti Sringaram a con and a good-for-nothing guy and his Paati.
Sringaram cons the Jameendar and marries his daughter Ponnarasi.
Whose brother Reghu an IT professional and a city slicker is fiercely opposed.
Singaram wastes his money.
He is defeated.
His enemy is killed.
Singaram is framed up.
He did nt commit and is forced to leave the village.
He comes and turns a new leaf and overnight becomes a real estate tycoon.
Meanwhile Reghu the bad brother urged his father and mother.
Who are left penniless.
When Singaram comes and sees that the family became poor.
Raghu comes to know.
His uncle cheated.
He gets affected.
Raghu s mother gave up her life to donate heart transplant to save his son.
Film ends.
<EOS>
Jackie is.
She is not interested.
Speck also is.
Mary Ann   decides to play along.
She suggests.
Jackie and Speck fight.
Jackie tries to chicken out but winds up fighting Speck.
They both use real swords and cut up tons.
The rest for Jackie.
They drop their swords and fight with their fists.
Jackie wins.
Speck s father comes out and holds Jackie down and has Speck.
Hit Jackie in and knocks Speck and his dad out.
The gang then cheers her.
<EOS>
Gurukul is a university run.
Narayan wants.
The best out so places an emphasis on honour  tradition and discipline.
He has run the university and forbids any kind of romance -- anybody will be expelled.
He catches falling.
The focus is.
Who are all.
Sameer is.
Vicky falls.
Karan becomes smitten.
He sees.
However  they all know.
If they are caught  they will be expelled so decide not to try and confess their love.
Raj Aryan joins Gurukul.
He is a strong believer --  he encourages them to follow their hearts.
When he learns the three boys are.
He also slowly starts introducing changes much to the disgust of Narayan.
Who does not like changes.
The boys soon end up disappointed.
When trying to get their love interests.
Sameer learns Sanjana has a boyfriend.
Vicky only makes.
Ishika dislike him when trying to woo her.
Karan learns.
Kiran is married.
Raj tells the boys not to be disappointed.
He believes.
They are lucky because Raj s love Megha is dead.
He says.
He continues to love her and believes the boys should also do the same.
Raj often imagines.
Megha is.
Soon  Raj throws a party and invites the girls  school from next door -- part of his plan to spread love throughout Gurukul.
Narayan Shankar is furious and decides to sack Raj immediately.
Raj reveals.
He is Raj Aryan Malhotra.
Raj was a student ago and was expelled.
He loved Megha  who was Narayan s only daughter.
Megha committed suicide.
When Raj was expelled.
Raj believed  it only made him more stubborn.
This incident would make Narayan change.
Raj promises.
Before he leaves Gurukul  he will fill it that even Narayan himself will not be able to remove it.
A battle now begins.
Narayan decides.
He will keep Raj as a challenge.
Sameer  Vicky  and Karan soon win over the girls -- Raj is winning the battle.
They love.
Narayan does not give up so easily   he tightens them.
When he sees the rules are being broken.
The three boys continue to break the rules.
Encourages the other students to do the same.
Narayan decides to expel the three.
Raj tries to reason -- he tells him.
What the three boys did was caused so they should not be expelled for it.
Raj also says.
Now Raj is leaving him.
Raj s words make.
Narayan realise his mistake.
He publicly apologises  allowing Raj to take over.
Raj turns Gurukul.
Narayan and an image of Megha walk happily towards the gates of Gurukul.
<EOS>
Vishnu Prasad is an unappreciated nerd.
His mother nags him.
His father ignores him.
He is.
She already has a boyfriend - Sameer.
Vishnu sees Mohini.
Mohini s eyes meet Vishnu s.
Sameer goes to get drinks.
A shy and nervous Vishnu accidentally winks.
Which angers Sameer.
Vishnu bursts.
Sad and depressed he goes to a beach.
Where he finds a mysterious statue.
Angry for the life  Vishnu asks the statue to make him disappear from the world.
He has given him.
No one likes him.
He discovers.
When he reaches home.
God took his wish literally and turned him invisible.
Excited and happy Vishnu gets many opportunities to spy and get her boyfriend in trouble.
He realises.
He can not wear any other clothes.
He tells his father and calms him down.
When Vishnu sees his father worried.
He plays the role to teach his mother a lesson.
His mother gets scared thinking.
The ghost is.
Vishnu thinks.
He needs money to impress Mohini.
So he robs a bank and brings her all the cash.
Mohnini gets horrified.
Vishnu decides to reveal the truth and tells her everything.
Mohini flies and tells Vishnu to leave her alone.
She is.
Alone and heartbroken Vishnu gets drunk and wanders the streets.
The media gets an incredible story.
They try to find more information.
The police department takes action and tries to hunt down the invisibleman.
Sameer decides to leave town.
Vishnu comes back looking again.
They however are unable to do.
Vishnu demands he will wreck havoc.
The police bring him Mohini or else.
He also shows a trailer by comically disturbing the streets and a portion of the city.
The police finds Mohini and pleads to help them find and kill Vishnu.
He becomes an invisible murderer and a threat.
Mohini agrees.
To help and as demanded by Vishnu  goes to an abandoned place to meet him.
The cops surround the place to capture him.
Mohini diverts Vishnu s attention.
Vishnu tells Mohini.
He has been wrong all along and that he has always loved her.
He tells her.
He has realised that loving her does nt mean that he has control.
Mohini is struck and realises.
He is not a bad person.
She decides to save his life and tells him to run away.
The cops are already.
Vishnu runs and dives into a river.
The cops try to shoot him.
Vishnu s clothes are the only things to surface on the water  now completely visible.
But his body is not found.
Vishnu is presumed dead.
A few days later Sameer and Mohini find Vishnu again.
Which he supposedly drowned.
Vishnu apologises.
Whatever wrong he did and decides to lead a normal life.
Vishnu is arrested and faces trial.
Guilty he spends a short time in jail and is later released.
Many months later  Vishnu is recognised.
He has helped the police solve several cases.
Still leading an invisible but normal life.
<EOS>
The film is a musical  involving theater producers staging a wartime charity program  only to have the production taken over by their egotistical star.
Meanwhile  an aspiring singer and his songwriter girlfriend conspire to get by replacing Cantor with their look-alike friend  tour bus driver Joe Simpson.
Many stars performed in musical numbers  including several.
Who were not known.
The film features the only screen musical numbers ever done.
Each was paid a $ 50000 fee for their appearance.
Was then donated.
Spada.
P. 
194 The film was popular.
The critic James Agee called it the loudest and most vulgar.
It is also the most fun.
<EOS>
Harold Benson and his lounge-singer wife Bonita Friml follow a young blackjack dealer Willie Brodax.
Harold has a jinx and ca nt lose to him.
He starts and finds his trailer and starts talking to Bonita.
Willie becomes suspicious.
Willie and Bonita eventually fall to do away with Harold to collect Harold s life insurance.
<EOS>
A docile man suddenly kills his wife in a violent method  and then commits suicide.
Several months later  graphic artist Jodi and struggling author Mick Davison move in the same house  hoping.
Life will help rejuvenate their troubled marriage.
Jodi reunites Caroline and meets the brilliant Dr Borzage as well as the intimidating Miriam Benton.
Who heads a powerful women s group.
Mick notices the docile men  including Caroline s husband  but befriends sloppy neighbor Gordon  both agree.
They are unnerved.
However  both Jodi and Mick are concerned.
When Gordon undergoes a radical behavior change.
Caroline subtly manipulates the Davisons and drugs Mick.
Jodi is convinced.
When Mick reacts.
Her husband has serious problems and commits him.
Mick is given mind altering behavioral therapy and psychotropic drugs  altering him to behave docily  but passionless.
Jodi is concerned.
Mick takes.
When she learns that the previous couple was linked to heavy drugs.
The serious side effects becomes clear  the men can become violent.
Mick crashes and threatens to kill Jodi.
They reconcile.
When he is convinced she did nt know.
They plan to leave immediately.
Caroline has learned.
Caroline captures them in their own house.
Mick is returned for reconditioning.
Jodi is forced to escape to rescue Mick.
Benton allows Jodi to find Mick.
Plans to kill her.
Borzage  however  is alarmed and kills Benton with a hypodermic needle meant for Jodi.
Borzage then allows the Davisons to escape.
The fate of the town is not revealed  but Jodi and Mick have returned to New York  Mick has written a book about the experience.
A movie will soon be made.
<EOS>
During the 1980s  famous Italian film director Salvatore Di Vita  returns home late one evening.
Where his girlfriend sleepily tells him that his mother called to say that someone named Alfredo has died.
Salvatore obviously shies away.
He has not been back.
Salvatore flashes back.
She asks him who Alfredo is.
It is a few years.
Six-year-old Salvatore is the mischievous  highly intelligent son.
He discovers a love for films and spends every free moment at the local movie house -- Cinema Paradiso.
There he develops a friendship.
Who takes a shine and often lets him watch movies in the projection booth.
The audience can frequently be heard booing or embrace.
Whenever there are missing sections  causing the films to suddenly jump  bypassing a critical romantic kiss.
The local priest has ordered these sections to be censored.
The deleted scenes are piled.
Alfredo considers Toto a pest.
Eventually he teaches Salvatore.
To operate the film projector.
The montage ends -- highly flammable Nitrate film was.
The movie house catches fire.
Salvatore saves Alfredo s life.
Not before the film reels explode  leaving him permanently blind.
The Cinema Paradiso is rebuilt.
Who invests his football lottery winnings.
Salvatore   is hired to be the new projectionist.
Still a child.
He is the only one who knows how to run the machines.
About a decade later  Salvatore  now  is still the projectionist at the Cinema Paradiso.
His relationship has only strengthened.
Salvatore often looks for advice -- advice.
Alfredo often dispenses.
Salvatore has started experimenting.
He has met  and captured.
Salvatore woos -- and wins -- Elena s heart.
To lose her owing.
Salvatore leaves town to serve his compulsory military service.
Elena and her family move away.
His attempts to write are fruitless  his letters are always returned as undeliverable.
Alfredo urges Salvatore to leave Giancaldo permanently  counseling.
The town is too small to ever find his dreams.
Moreover  the old man tells him  never looking back and never returning  -- he must never give or even write or think about them.
Once he leaves  he must pursue his destiny wholeheartedly.
To visit.
Salvatore has obeyed Alfredo.
He returns home to attend the funeral.
He now understands.
The town has changed greatly.
Alfredo thought it was so important that he leave.
Alfredo s widow tells him.
The old man followed Salvatore s successes.
He has left him something -- an unlabeled film reel and the old stool.
Salvatore once stood on to operate the projector.
Salvatore learns.
Cinema Paradiso is to be demolished to give way.
He recognizes many people.
He looks.
Who attended the cinema when he was a projectionist there.
Salvatore returns.
He watches Alfredo s reel and discovers.
It is a very special montage.
It contains all the romantic scenes.
The priest ordered to be cut.
Alfredo spliced all the sequences together to form a single film.
Salvatore has made peace.
<EOS>
A small white kitten is being mercilessly tormented.
The story begins.
The kitten manages to escape.
She is met.
Hiding can.
Who offers to protect the kitten.
The black cat demonstrates his skills.
Who is then knocked out.
The black cat leaves the scene  to be blown in case of emergency.
The bulldog revives  and tries multiple times to attack the kitten  but every attempt is foiled  the kitten blows the whistle  the black cat crosses the bulldog s path regardless of circumstances.
The dog is pummeled.
Eventually  the bulldog frightens the kitten.
He gains the upper hand by luring him under a large paint brush  turning him white and rendering his bad luck powers useless.
However  the white kitten saves the day.
The bulldog is conked  and ends up swallowing the whistle  triggering a case of the hiccups  each.
Of which causes the whistle to go off.
All manner of huge objects plummet from the sky  causing the bulldog to flee in terror.
The cartoon ends.
<EOS>
Jung Do-man is a low-ranking traffic cop.
Whose tendency to do things  such as when he pulls over his new boss  newly instated police chief Lee Seung-man  and issues him with a traffic ticket.
The police chief has bigger problems  the town has been hit by a string of bank robberies.
Surprised and annoyed.
To reassure the public he decides to carry out a realistic drill.
Will demonstrate the police force s capability.
Do-man is chosen to act out the part.
He sets out to commit the perfect crime.
<EOS>
Set  Lymelife follows two families.
Who crumble when tangled relationships  real estate problems  and Lyme disease converge.
15-year-old Scott Bartlett is a gentle boy  radically different and tightly wired mother Brenda.
An outbreak  as well as the accompanying paranoia  hits their suburban community hard.
Brenda calms her fears.
When the Bartletts  neighbor Charlie Bragg is diagnosed.
The two families are quite busy.
His wife Melissa must keep the income flowing herself.
Charlie is unable to work.
She is hired.
Who is the developer.
It is also partially motivated.
This gesture is a friendly favor.
Mickey s history is one of the many things upsetting his wife Brenda.
Who yearns.
Growing up is Scott.
Who has been with the Braggs  one year-older daughter Adrianna for all of his young life.
She is starting to return his interest.
Charlie has been spending days hiding.
His wife believes he is.
He is obsessed.
He has not done so since a deer tick gave him his Lyme disease.
Scott often comes in the woods between their houses shooting targets.
They have a good relationship  one.
Charlie is able to maintain.
He asks.
When Scott notices Charlie s hands shaking.
What the disease feels.
Charlie tells Scott.
The illness feels most days  while on other days it feels like his head is on fire.
Things heat up.
When Jimmy  Scott s older brother  comes home.
Scott uses the opportunity to discuss the awkwardness  mentioning.
It has been a year since he last saw a box under their bed.
Even the comfort does nt seem to overcome the shame and nervousness.
The failing marriage is causing her.
Scott thinks.
She is crazy.
Jimmy knows the full story  and is the only one.
Who treats her lovingly.
Scott has developed the same behaviors.
However  this is soon to end.
The not-well-kept secret comes out.
Finally  Brenda leaves early.
When it is clear the Mickey and Melissa drunkenly dance together that there is a relationship occurring.
Jimmy and Mickey have a confrontation.
Circumstances shift.
When Scott learns and confronts his mother.
Adrianna helps him  but shuns him after a rumor spread from a lie.
He tells a friend after she gets serious.
She kicks Mickey.
Brenda can no longer look the other way.
He moves.
Where he has been building a larger  more modern house.
Brenda is once again able to act the role  at one point driving Scott to the house of a boy.
He just beat up to apologize.
Scott is suspended.
His mother takes him  but Mickey turns the conversation into an opportunity to vent his own continued anger toward her.
They can join forces.
Charlie also confronts Mickey.
He inadvertently witnesses the affair firsthand  since Mickey and Melissa had sex while Charlie was hiding out in another basement room during a non-existent job-hunting trip.
She packs to leave.
When his wife finds out that he has been letting her earn the family s keep.
Scott and Adrianna reconnect and lose their virginities to each other.
Brenda and Mickey also reconcile that night.
The following morning  Mickey is hanging a.
When Scott and Adrianna get.
Meanwhile  Charlie is stalking a deer with his rifle.
Happens to make it readily available.
The movie ends.
A gunshot is heard  then reveals.
The camera is riding the school bus.
Charlie has shot Mickey.
<EOS>
The story begins running his hand through the rings of Saturn while hanging on the side of EVE s ship.
Shown. 
One particles.
Swirls away begins to increase as it moves up against the atmosphere of a Saturnian moon  becoming a meteorite that destroys a small lamp spire outside the starship Axiom.
A repair robot named.
BURN-E is dispatched.
EVE s ship enters the Axiom s docking bay.
He can secure the new lamp.
Still hanging  WALL-E waves to and distracts.
The loose lamp floats off.
BURN-E retrieves another spare.
Who is reluctant to let it go.
It down is launched in an escape pod set to self-destruct in the original film.
The pod explodes and BURN-E turns  accidentally slicing off the lamp with his blowtorch.
Annoyed  SUPPLY-R gives BURN-E the last spare lamp.
He finally manages to install successfully.
WALL-E and EVE fly into the Axiom through the only available entrance near.
Closes and locks him out.
Later  WALL-E and EVE are nearly jettisoned.
BURN-E tries to use to reenter the ship but is closed as soon as he reaches it.
BURN-E gives up all hope and begins playing.
When it dawns that he can use it to cut a hole into the ship.
He does so.
BURN-E returns to SUPPLY-R to turn.
The Axiom s captain and autopilot AUTO get into a fight.
The ship is tilted  throwing BURN-E outside again.
The captain deactivates Auto and realigns the ship.
The ship blasts and pins BURN-E to the side of the hull.
BURN-E prepares to go back inside.
The Axiom lands reenters to find the ship deserted.
BURN-E spots SUPPLY-R to him  but accidentally launches it and crashes to the ground below near.
BURN-E flings and finally turns on the lamp.
Is then crushed and destroyed.
BURN-E collapses  leading SUPPLY-R to try to console him after the end credits by patting him on the head and saying  There  there  in a dull  monotone voice.
<EOS>
The Expendables -- leader Barney Ross  knives specialist Lee Christmas  hand-to-hand combat specialist Yin Yang  heavy weapons specialist Hale Caesar  demolitions expert Toll Road  the unstable Gunner Jensen  and sniper Billy the Kid  the team s newest recruit and Ross  protegee -- are deployed to rescue hostage Dr Zhou.
There  they also rescue the captured mercenary Trench  Ross  rival.
Yang parts.
Billy tells Ross.
He intends to retire to live with his girlfriend Sophia.
Later  Ross is forced to accept a mission to retrieve an item from a downed airplane in Albania.
Church sends technical expert Maggie Chan.
The Expendables retrieve the item  but are then ambushed by international criminal and arms dealer Jean Vilain  his right-hand man Hector and his mercenary group  the Sangs.
Who have captured Billy.
Vilain demands the item.
The team surrenders the item.
Vilain roundhouse kicks a knife and flees with the Sangs by helicopter.
Ross recovers a note from Billy s body.
The team buries their fallen comrade  swearing revenge.
Maggie tells the team.
The item is a computer containing the location.
Vilain intends to retrieve the plutonium and sell it.
The Expendables are able to partially track the computer s signal to follow Vilain  leading them.
They rest overnight.
The following morning  the team is ambushed.
They are saved.
The Expendables run out.
Who quickly eliminates both the Sangs and the tank.
Booker informs the group.
He departs.
Whose residents oppose Vilain.
Meanwhile  Hector and Vilain exhume the plutonium and begin its collection.
Arriving  the Expendables find several armed female villagers guarding their children from Vilain s forces  the local villages  inhabitants are taken by Vilain s forces and put to work in the mine as slaves  never returning.
The women plead.
The Sangs arrive to collect more villagers.
They are ambushed and killed.
The team assaults the area with their plane before purposefully crashing into the mine itself.
The team manages to save the enslaved miners.
Vilain and Hector escape.
Vilain remotely detonates explosive charges  causing it to collapse and trap the Expendables and miners.
Church and Trench arrive and free the Expendables and miners.
The pair then joins to pursue Vilain.
The group intercepts Vilain and his men.
He prepares to leave.
Joined again  the Expendables  Trench  and Church engage the Sangs in battle.
Christmas manages to decapitate Hector.
Elsewhere Ross and Vilain fight their own personal duel.
Ross defeats Vilain  stabbing him and avenging Billy.
Ross is provided with an old biplane by Church.
Church  Maggie  Booker  and Trench then leave the team.
Sophia discovers a box on her doorstep  containing a large sum of money and Billy s letter.
They give a final toast.
The Expendables depart.
<EOS>
Woody Woodpecker is a student.
He arrives late  followed by his dog  Alfie.
He is kicked out.
When Alfie follows him.
Who subsequently hits Woody.
Alfie becomes angry  and bites Mrs Meany on the fanny.
Woody tries to go  but is barred by Meany.
School s not out yet.
Woody gets during the episode  and is disciplined by Meany.
Who makes him stand on.
Meany attempts to discipline him with the ruler again  and is bitten by Alfie.
Woody then rings the school bell  declaring recess.
Meany chases him.
The episode ends.
Woody gives her a trick apple.
<EOS>
The film opens.
He lives.
Alexander and Little Man plant a tree.
When Alexander s friend Otto  who also works part-time  delivers a birthday card to him.
Alexander reveals.
His relationship was nonexistent.
Adelaide and Victor  a medical doctor and a close family friend  arrive at the scene and offer to take Alexander and Little Man home on Victor s car.
However  Alexander prefers to stay behind and chats.
Alexander recounts.
He and Adelaide found this beautiful house by accident.
They fell with the house and surroundings at the first sight.
Back home  families and friends gather.
Their maid Maria leaves.
The nurse maid Julia stays to help.
People comment.
Where Otto reveals that he is a collector.
The rumbling noise announces the beginning of the Third World War  possibly a nuclear holocaust.
When the dinner is almost ready.
The protagonist vows to God to sacrifice all.
He loves if only this act may be undone.
Otto advises him to slip away and sleep.
Whom Otto convinces him to be a witch.
Is never made explicit.
When he wakes up the next morning everything seems normal  but whether Alexander dreamt the episode.
Nevertheless  Alexander sets forth to give up all.
He loves and possesses.
He tricks the family members and friends  sets the fire to his cherished house.
Alexander confesses.
The group rushes back  alarmed.
He sets the fire himself  running up and down furiously.
Maria   appears but was restrained by others.
Who was not seen that morning.
Alexander tries to approach her.
An ambulance appears in this very remote area and two paramedics chase Alexander   and drive him off.
Who appears to lose control.
Maria bicycles away but stops halfway to observe Little Man watering the tree.
He and Alexander planted the day before.
Suddenly utters his only line  In the beginning was the Word.
Maria leaves the scene  the mute Little Man  lying.
Is that  Papa.
This is the Synopsis  I wanted to show.
One can resume life.
And to acquire this kind.
Where ones ceases to consider solely the material values  where one escapes.
It does not confirm.
Whether it is a quote or not.
<EOS>
A young woman comes home.
She feels alone.
An older man walks.
He feels alone and sad.
He takes a photograph out  tears it in two and drops it on the moving walkway.
Both are torn.
A girl is alone with a cat.
A man arrives.
A woman is there to meet him.
She drives him.
An accident  a murder -- nothing alters the imperturable course.
<EOS>
A disgraced former LAPD cop leads a home invasion.
The crime goes wrong and homicide detectives seeking answers interrogate the only survivors  a thief and one.
<EOS>
The film is a fictional narrative set in the life of Nathuram Godse.
Lead up.
Flashbacks recall Godse s troubled life  his problems with his family  and his involvement with two women.
He prepares.
Meanwhile  one Officer Das is attempting to find the killer.
It is too late.
<EOS>
A kind-hearted  widowed landlord  Thakur  lives a wealthy lifestyle.
Ramesh hates Shankar and often abuses him.
Years pass.
Thakur dies.
All three children have grown up.
Ramesh frequents a beautiful courtesan  drinks alcohol  and continues beat Shankar.
Who bears this  as he and Roopa are in love with each other.
He has him severely beaten and thrown.
When Ramesh finds out that Roopa wants.
Ramesh then arranges Roopa s marriage.
He continues to romance Tarabai and even signs to her.
A few years later  Shankar returns.
He is fully prepared to compromise and propose to Roopa.
He finds out.
Nothing has changed  however.
Ramesh   still hates Shankar.
Rendered penniless.
Satish is engaged.
A marriage date has been fixed.
Shankar s love is now replaced  and all he can think of is destroying the lives of Ramesh  Roopa  Satish and his sister  Mala.
He devises several plans to destroy his opponents  lives.
He abuses and insults Roopa  attempting to avenge himself by romancing Mala.
Love conquers all.
<EOS>
The story starts.
Krazy is a seaman.
Whose routines include mopping the main deck.
He goes for a stroll around the vessel.
Krazy accidentally bumps.
He continues moving.
Who is quite irritable.
The captain starts chasing Krazy  only to slip and get airborne.
Very quickly  the other seamen came in and cushioned his fall.
Remembering hurled the captain.
Unpleasantly ill-tempered their leader is  however  the seamen.
Where he plunges.
They and Krazy began to celebrate the deed with some music and dancing.
An Oriental chef was trying to fry fish on skillets but notices in supply.
The place was short.
The chef came outside and orders Krazy to do some fishing.
Krazy takes a pole and casts a line.
Moments later  something was caught.
Krazy starts to reel in.
It turns out.
What was pulled in was the captain.
Not very happy  the chef throws a punch at Krazy but the cat ducked.
Instead the captain was the one struck.
The captain then hits back.
The captain and the chef punched each other repeatedly.
Krazy was enjoying the sight.
<EOS>
A cruise starts with various cruise ship jokes  the ship pulls out of the harbor like a car  raising  the ship follows the coast by curving around it.
Anchor also raises the front.
We see some local scenes  A penguin eats  the dogs of a dog sled stop at a telephone pole  a timber wolf goes around shouting Timber.
Two fish  then is eaten.
Finally  an Eskimo nightclub features a rotoscoped ice skater.
The ship leaves  and gets caught   we see.
When the fog clears.
The ship is perched.
<EOS>
Aspiring mad scientist Jeffrey Franken is determined to put her back together again.
When his gorgeous fiancee goes.
He sets about reassembling his girlfriend  selecting the choicest bits from a bevy of raunchy New York prostitutes.
But his bizarre plan soon goes awry.
His reanimated girlfriend no longer craves his body  she craves every body.
<EOS>
The story revolves  suffering from the obsession of lust and sexual perversion.
The case comes to limelight.
When Noyonika Choudhury  elder daughter-in-law was brutally murdered.
Forensic and postmortem reports revealed her sexual involvement prior to murder.
The case was then taken over - Sanjib  Zinia and Sharmi.
The officials remained perplexed only to discover the sequential gap of two days between each murder and the.
All the victims were married  belonging and were sexually perverted.
They also found names.
Finally   Bickramjit Sinha Roy gets trapped and confesses the infidelity of his beloved wife Nibedita as the motive behind such brutality.
The confession reveals the tragedy  infected with HIV positive.
Was carried by his wife.
Who while his husband was away got sexually involved.
<EOS>
Woody Woodpecker dashes off to the arena to attend a wrestling match.
His heckling leads  an apparently one-sided match with the champ.
Woody ends up becoming the new champ.
<EOS>
Act I Combined Intelligence agent James Bond comes from an assassin  he manages to dodge the bullets and enters Casino Royale.
There he meets his British contact  Clarence Leiter.
Who remembers Card Sense Jimmy Bond.
Leiter explains Bond s mission  to defeat Le Chiffre and force his Soviet spymasters to retire him.
Bond explains the rules.
Bond then encounters a former lover  Valerie Mathis  he also meets Le Chiffre himself.
Who is Le Chiffre s current girlfriend.
Act II Bond beats Le Chiffre.
His bodyguards  along  is an agent of the Deuxieme  France s external military intelligence agency at the time.
Who Le Chiffre has discovered.
Act III Le Chiffre tortures Bond to find out.
Where Bond has hidden the cheque.
Bond does not reveal.
Where it is.
Bond shoots and wounds Le Chiffre  saving Valerie in the process.
Exhausted  Bond sits opposite Le Chiffre to talk.
Mathis gets in.
Le Chiffre grabs her  threatening her with a concealed razor blade.
She struggles  breaking free slightly.
Le Chiffre moves as a shield.
Bond is able to shoot Le Chiffre.
<EOS>
The film is an updated adaptation.
Who wants to be rich and escape his boring life.
The Queen brings her son  prince Edward  to the United States  seeking a trade treaty  the young prince wants to escape his life  to spend time among the common people.
Cash skitches with the limo on its way back to the hotel  and meets Edward in his suite  the two hatch their plan to trade places  and separate.
Unbeknownst  the evil Minister Kratski plots to undermine the Queen s efforts  and instead convert Gelfland into Golfland.
Cash learns.
Pursuing princess Galina.
Meanwhile Edward pursues Cash s friend Melissa  enjoying and enduring life.
Cash and Edward reunite to save the day.
<EOS>
A pirate captain known will find it.
The Hook buries his treasure and kills the map maker so no one else.
He and his cut-throat crew go.
Which Princess Margaret is running away  so she can marry a commoner.
The Hook plans to hold her.
A cowardly actor  Sylvester the Great  is.
The Hook s ship  The Avenger attacks the Mary Ann.
The crew are killed or made to walk the plank by the pirates.
Sylvester escapes and is taken on board The Avenger with Margaret.
The Ship s aged tattooist  Featherhead has taken a fancy.
Is all that saves the disguised Sylvester.
It turns out.
He guessed the gypsy was a man and involves Sylvester.
He gives him the treasure map and helps Sylvester and Margaret escape.
They are to pass the stolen map on the pirate island of Casarouge.
The couple make it.
Is extremely bloodthirsty.
The couple check.
Where they are to meet the cousin and do an act to get some money to pay for their stay.
Margaret is kidnapped.
Sylvester goes to complain only to find out he was the kidnapper.
La Roche has recognised Princess Margaret and plans.
He stops Sylvester  sure.
The King will want to hang him.
Sylvester is well looked and helps Margaret.
Who is.
The Hook is.
They threaten nasty things.
Featherhead turns up and knocks out Sylvester.
Who wants to destroy the map to save his skin.
Featherhead tattoos the map.
When he recovers  they both eat it.
The Hook guesses Sylvester is the gypsy.
Who stole the map and returns.
The Governor sees the map.
The Hook arrives.
The Hook chases him but is stopped.
Who shoots him.
Pedro  the Hook s second-in-command leads a raid.
He has not returned.
Inadvertently rescues Sylvester.
Who has disguised himself.
Back  Sylvester as the Hook starts giving orders  not knowing.
The real Hook has just been grazed and is now also on the ship.
Contradictory orders flow.
Sylvester is unmasked.
To kill themselves.
They believe.
It is La Roche.
It however turns out to be the King s ship.
Both are released.
The King says.
He is not going to stand if she wants to marry a commoner.
She rushes forwards.
Sylvester is shocked and.
She passes him.
Who is playing a sailor.
Indignantly  Sylvester says  That is the last picture.
I do.
<EOS>
Ex-opera singer Helen Lorfield Winter rents a house  in the hills not too far from the Smokies  Blue Ridge  and Atlanta Georgia with her dog  Lassie  after the tragic death of her son.
There she befriends Jerry  a young orphan.
Growing attached.
Not wanting children so soon  Helen leaves Brushy Gap to resume her singing career.
Jerry falls and develops pneumonia.
She is away.
Helen returns to find the owner of the house  Thomas Chandler  nursing Jerry back to health.
The orphanage catches.
After Jerry has recovered.
Lassie and Tom both rescue Jerry.
Helen then decides to adopt Jerry and remain.
<EOS>
Robert Wilcot  a popular television personality  is selected in the upcoming.
His selection is mostly due.
His opponent is to be Stella Stoker  a fishmonger s daughter.
Who has been chosen to stand.
Travelling up to Earndale  the two candidates meet.
He remains ignorant.
She quickly works out who he is.
To try to show off he begins.
To tell her and how he expects to win.
He describes his opponent.
He also inadvertently reveals embarrassing details as the fact.
He has scarcely been in his life and that his family once controlled the seat as a rotten borough.
He is soon made aware.
They arrive.
The electoral agents are furious to discover.
They have been fraternising.
Wilcot goes to visit his uncle  and finds him to be an eccentric.
Who has turned his country house.
It appears.
He has engineered Robert Wilcot s selection in order to spark public interest in the election  boosting his own business.
It is also clear.
The political contest is added to.
Once the two candidates keep running into each other around Earndale  at one point during a factory visit leading to a shouting match.
Both begin to become entranced  and become convinced.
They are falling.
This comes.
Where they are caught embracing by their respective agents.
Burying the hatchet  the two agents try to foil the potential romance.
They continue a covert relationship.
<EOS>
Elena loses her ability to speak Spanish.
This is caused.
Elena s inability to reconcile.
Her father has been gone.
She was a very young child.
To top that off   a Latin artist named Tito.
She feel caught.
Who has no Green Card  and her Irish-American boss  Brian.
Elena turns.
<EOS>
Encouraged to explore by her late father  Dr Eleanor Ellie Arroway works for the Search for Extraterrestrial Intelligence program at the Arecibo Observatory in Puerto Rico.
She listens.
Government scientist David Drumlin pulls the funding.
He believes the endeavor is futile.
Arroway gains backing industrialist S.
R.
Hadden.
Who has been following her career and allows her to continue her studies in Socorro County  New Mexico.
Four years later   Arroway finds a strong signal repeating a sequence of prime numbers  apparently sent from the star Vega.
This announcement causes both Drumlin and the National Security Council  led  to attempt to take control of the facility.
Members discover a video source buried in the signal  Adolf Hitler s welcoming address at the 1936 Summer Olympics in Berlin.
Arroway  Drumlin  and Kitz argue.
Arroway and her team postulate.
This would have been the first significantly strong television signal to leave Earth s atmosphere  which was then transmitted back.
The project is put.
Its progress followed fervently worldwide.
Arroway learns.
The signal contains more than 60000 pages.
Hadden succeeds  he explains.
The drawings are meant to be interpreted.
This reveals a complex machine allowing to be dropped into three rapidly spinning rings.
The nations fund the construction of the machine in Cape Canaveral at the Kennedy Space Center s Launch Complex.
An international panel is assembled to choose one to travel in the machine.
Christian philosopher Palmer Joss  a panel member  brings attention.
Arroway is one.
Whom Arroway met.
The panel selects Drumlin as more representative.
This differentiates her.
The machine is tested  a religious fanatic destroys the machine in a suicide bombing  killing Drumlin and many others.
However  Hadden reveals to Arroway.
A second machine is hidden  and that Arroway will be its pilot.
Arroway  outfitted  is locked into the pod of the Japanese machine  dropped into the rapidly spinning  rotating rings  and disappears.
She experiences displacement and can observe the outside environment.
When the pod travels.
This environment includes a radio array-like structure and signs of a highly advanced civilization on an unknown planet.
Arroway finds herself similar to a childhood picture.
She drew.
A blurry figure approaches.
Becomes her deceased father.
Arroway recognizes him.
She attempts to ask numerous questions.
The alien deflects her inquiries  explaining.
This journey was just humanity s first step.
Arroway considers these answers and falls unconscious.
She later awakens to find herself  the machine s control team is repeatedly calling for her.
She learns.
It appears the pod merely dropped through the machine s spinning rings and landed in the safety net.
Arroway insists.
She was gone.
Her recording devices show only static.
Kitz resigns advisor to lead a congressional committee to determine.
Whether the machine was an elaborate hoax designed.
Arroway is described  she asks them to accept her testimony on faith.
Kitz and White House Chief together reflect on the fact.
While Arroway s recording device only recorded static  it recorded 18 hours.
Arroway and Joss reunite.
Arroway receives ongoing financial support at the Very Large Array.
<EOS>
Cochin Hanifa plays the title role.
Who goes where a bomb blast in a school bus has created terror in the hearts of the villagers.
He is being assisted working in the local police station.
These policemen are more concerned.
The problems faced.
Is the crux.
Mahadevan unravels the mystery.
<EOS>
Kansas is in the middle of a difficult time.
Homesteaders are moving  trying to start new lives  and are going head to head against cattlemen.
Who have been settled.
One of the biggest cattle towns of the west  the town is on the brink of a confrontation between the cattlemen and the homesteaders.
Marshall Dan Mitchell   has the job.
Who is the law.
The town had been divided  with the cattlemen and cowboys having one end of town to themselves.
Townspeople occupied the other end.
Mitchell liked it this way  it made things easier  and kept problems from arising between the two factions.
However   that balance is upset  and leads.
When homesteaders decide to lay stakes.
The leader is Henry Dreiser  a young man with good common sense.
The local sheriff is Bravo Trimble  a lawman.
Who would rather play cards than be involved.
Mitchell not only has the difficult job  but also his love life.
<EOS>
Truman Gates  a Kentucky native raised  has migrated to Chicago to become a police officer.
Gerald becomes unemployed  Truman persuades his brother to look for work in Chicago.
When the local coal mine closes.
Gerald s vehicle is hijacked by mobsters from the Chicago Outfit.
He is immediately killed.
When Gerald pulls a knife.
Joey lies and says.
When the Don later confronts his nephew.
It was.
Truman returns.
When Gerald s body is discovered.
Truman urges his family to let the police deal.
When his surviving brother  Briar Gates  insists.
Briar is disgusted.
He considers Truman s reluctance to be disgraceful.
Determined to deal  Briar travels to Chicago.
Meanwhile  Truman desperately tries to solve the crime.
He approaches John Isabella and explains the mountain code.
He suggests.
If Gerald s murderer surrenders peacefully  it would save them both a lot.
John  however  refuses.
Truman continues his investigation.
The Isabella mobsters come to kill Briar but manages to escape thanks to the bungling mobster.
Truman soon learns the identity from a witness.
He learns.
Lawrence Isabella  the Don s son and a criminal informant  witnessed the murder.
He approaches Lawrence and tells him.
He intends to arrest Joey.
Soon afterwards  Lawrence is brutally tortured and finally murdered by Joey.
He had to tell the Don.
It was someone else.
A devastated John sanctions a hit.
However  Briar first breaks and engages in a gunfight with Joey s crew and kills 2 of Joey s guys.
Joey walks in and shoots Briar twice.
Fatally wounded  Briar dies.
When he arrives.
Truman resigns from the police force.
The morning  the manager of the apartment  hears about it and calls his kin Hollis Gates  his cousin  and informs him of Briar s death.
Briar was staying.
Truman paints  You forgot one.
He throws one into the window of a restaurant.
Enraged  Joey vows without his uncle s permission.
The Gates family gathers together and travels to Chicago to begin a war against the Outfit.
Learning  Joey dismisses.
The threat  saying that the Gates family  plow rocks.
John responds  That s.
What they said in Sicily.
Truman lures the Rosellini crew.
Where an extended gun battle ensues.
Truman ambushes and silently kills 2 members.
The guy Truman killed shoots Truman in the leg.
Then   the Gates family descends.
As Truman is cornered.
Truman and Joey engage.
The remaining mobsters are killed or cornered.
Truman has Joey pinned to his throat.
When John Isabella arrives and   orders Truman to drop the knife and move out of the way.
The Don has learned the truth about Lawrence s murder.
The Don points the gun.
Joey asks him.
What is he going to do.
The Don tells Joey  This is  and shoots him dead.
The Gates and Isabella families make peace.
Truman sees Jessie.
She hears.
When she asked.
They walk out of the station.
It goes straight.
<EOS>
An extroverted high school girl befriends an introverted female classmate.
The two begin exploring their curiosity together.
They begin working.
Their friendship is tested.
When they both fall with the same man.
The film ends.
Lewis  Graham R.
The Films p.
.
<EOS>
Far  the interplanetary Alliance staves off threats of war by establishing the high energy Star Car 5000 racing circuit  thereby allowing potential enemies to act out their aggressions on the racecourse.
The drivers become.
Celebrities revered everywhere.
Ruthlessness rules and the stakes grow ever higher.
A victim still carries deep emotional scars from a long-ago catastrophic crash and has vowed to win again - without the aid of sponsorship.
His rag tag crew consists  himself  hardheaded driver  Trance Caldron and mechanic  Stash.
He trusts.
Team Earth becomes hunted prey for the war mongering Tagmatians.
Potter s dream is fading as fast as his resources.
The situation turns more and more treacherous with each tick of the speedometer.
Ultimately  the prestigious Star Car Championship becomes a mach speed backdrop  with the fate of the universe hanging in the balance.
Team Earth must push their car  their team  and themselves to survive.
Winning is everything.
<EOS>
Kim Sun-woo is a high ranking mobster and enforcer.
Whom he is unquestionably loyal.
The two share concerns with Baek Jr.
A son.
Is when Kang assigns Sun-Woo what is perceived to be a simple errand while he is away -- to shadow his young mistress  Heesoo  whom he fears.
He manages to discover it.
-- following Heesoo  and escorting her one day -- he becomes quietly enthralled by the girl s beauty and innocence as glimpses into his lonely  empty personal life become more prevalent.
He performs his duty.
He fiercely beats him and prepares to inform Kang.
When he does come to discover Heesoo s lover.
His attraction causes him to hesitate.
He thus spares the two.
They no longer see each other again  earning him Heesoo s enmity.
Meanwhile  Sun-woo continues to be embroiled with Baek Jr.
He is then threatened to apologize.
He adamantly refuses  fueled over Heesoo.
He is suddenly kidnapped.
He relaxes later one night.
He is abruptly carried off.
Who has returned and has found out about his attempted cover-up of Heesoo s affair.
Kang s men torture him.
He lied until he is left alone to think.
A daring but messy escape follows.
Sun-woo plans his revenge.
He then goes on to set up a veiled rendezvous.
And kills him.
He is viciously stabbed.
Bleeding  his violent shooting spree leads directly.
Where he vents bitterly.
Kang does not answer  and instead asks.
Sun-woo s actions were directly.
Sun-woo then shoots him  prompting a shootout.
S henchmen.
Who had quickly picked up his trail.
Sun-Woo emerges.
Now dying  he calls Heesoo and pauses to reminisce on his only day with her   in his memory   he finds.
When he had escorted her.
He watches her play her cello.
Himself overwhelmed and  in a rare moment of contentment  he smiles.
The brother executes him.
He sheds a tear.
The film ends.
He s alone.
<EOS>
Tora-san meets Ikenouchi  a drunken old man is poor and homeless.
Whom he assumes.
Tora-san takes the old man home.
Ikenouchi begins ordering Tora-san s family around.
When he wakes up.
No one can muster the courage to suggest he leave.
Tora-san meets Botan  a geisha.
Who has lost her life savings.
He and his family s neighbor are determined to help her out.
It later turns out.
A drawing is worth .
He has made.
<EOS>
Nola Darling is a young  attractive  sexually-independent Brooklynite  the polite and well-meaning Jamie Overstreet  the self-obsessed model Greer Childs  and the immature  motor-mouthed bicycle messenger Mars Blackmon.
Who juggles three suitors.
Nola is attracted  but refuses to commit to any of them  cherishing her personal freedom instead.
Though each man wants her.
<EOS>
Hardy plays Dr Henry Tibbett  a country doctor.
Who is called to cure his sick elephant.
The elephant becomes so attached.
The doctor heals the grateful beast.
It starts to follow him everywhere.
This leads.
<EOS>
Jewel Hilburn  39  and her husband Leston  41  are scratching out a living in rural Mississippi  and caring for their four children  Raylene  14  Burton  11  Wilman  10  and Annie .
All Jewel s kids have been.
Leston has been making a living pulling out pine stumps  selling them to be made as part of the war effort.
Cathedral s husband  Nelson  and their two sons  Sepulchur and Temple  all work.
The Hilburns discover.
They are going to have another child  and decide it will be their last.
Cathedral has a premonition and warns Jewel  prophesizing.
The child she will bear will be her hardship and her test but that it is God s way of smiling down on Jewel.
Jewel gives birth.
Whom they name Brenda Kay.
The child appears to be fine.
It becomes obvious.
Brenda Kay is nt.
She seems to be developing much more slowly.
Even  she lies very still.
Where other children her age are able to roll over.
Worried  they consult their local physician  Dr Beaudry.
Who has his suspicions  but calls in the South  to make an educated diagnosis.
His words are crushing  Brenda Kay is physically and mentally disabled.
She has Down syndrome  or.
He describes it as people did.
He recommends having her put  especially.
Brenda Kay will be a huge burden.
They already have four other children to care.
He bluntly informs them  their daughter is unlikely to survive past her second birthday.
An outraged Jewel flat out refuses.
She declares.
She will care at home and raise her there as part of the family.
Dr Beaudry tells Jewel to strengthen her bones.
Brenda Kay will have a better chance if she receives injections every six weeks.
The injections are expensive.
Jewel determines.
Somehow she and her husband will manage to pay.
Dries up.
When times get tough.
He has no work.
The kids sell the vegetables  Raylene quits school and gets a job.
The family grows.
Jewel takes.
And all that time   Jewel concentrates her attention on Brenda Kay   but does not lift her head  or crawl.
Who does not die.
She is one.
She is four.
Every step is there to bathe Brenda Kay  to feed her  change her  rock her  and encourage her.
When she cries.
Brenda Kay walks downstairs by herself for the first time.
The constant needs often means.
Jewel sacrifices time and energy  older children in the demands of looking after her challenged daughter.
Jewel reads.
Is reputed to help raise the I.
Q.
Like Brenda Kay.
She tries to convince Leston.
All will have better opportunities to find good jobs there and that Brenda Kay could attend this remarkable school.
Burton announces he.
Leston considers.
Himself is going immediately to look for work.
Brenda Kay  meanwhile  has a couple.
She accidentally burns her arms.
Being looked.
Cathedral puts out the flames.
She also walks and is rescued from drowning by her older brother  Wilman.
Jewel has secretly applied and has received notice.
Brenda Kay will be accepted.
To raise money to go  Jewel secretly begins to sell items from her home.
Leston notices and confronts his wife.
Their heirlooms are disappearing.
He agrees to sell their home and move to California for Brenda Kay s sake  but on the condition.
Someday they will move back.
The entire Hilburn family moves  except for Raylene.
Who announces her sudden marriage and stays.
The family drives with Burton  now working at a garage.
Leston lands a job.
Brenda Kay is enrolled.
Brenda Kay is exposed to other children like herself.
Jewel is not solely responsible for her daughter.
Now it is.
Brenda Kay is sixteen.
Jewel is still optimistic.
The school has not raised Brenda Kay s I.
Q.
Leston has a better job.
Even Jewel works.
White tries to convince Jewel.
The time is when Jewel must let go of Brenda Kay and that her ministrations are holding her daughter back.
Keeping her promise  she agrees to return to Mississippi to look for a house.
Where they can live.
There  they are reunited.
Leston realizes.
His home is now  and that his past in Mississippi is  indeed  past.
Leston asks Jewel .
What will become.
They return and resume their new lives.
But reluctantly  Jewel comes to agree with White s idea.
To accept the fact.
Her daughter  who once needed all her mother s love and strength to survive  must be allowed to begin to live her own life.
White recommends a group home.
There  he says  Brenda Kay will learn to live separate and independent.
Jewel and Leston leave Brenda Kay.
She has made there.
Jewel still visits her daughter often  but has realized the wisdom.
Letting go.
Who has been both a blessing and a burden.
Jewel has faced.
She confronts and accepts it with courage and love.
<EOS>
Somewhere  David is a potential college football star.
Who s just won a four-year scholarship.
His mates decide to throw him a serious farewell party.
His folks are out that night.
Unfortunately three uninvited guests secretly gatecrash these nightly celebrations  two are convicts.
Who ve fled  now hiding out somewhere in the home s cellar.
Our third interloper is a mental patient escapee.
Notably David himself.
Before long  homicidal rage resurfaces.
<EOS>
A very disfigured Paul escapes through the woods  leaving pieces of his own flesh in the way.
His body explodes.
When he finally makes it.
When he is hit.
His remains are checked from the previous film.
Winston assures the shocked bus driver.
He had hit a moose.
The creek was connected.
Paul was lying in.
The infected water was distributed.
John  a senior  is deciding.
Whether to go to prom or stay home.
His friend Alex is.
He hooks up.
She then says  she ll meet him there.
She can get off work that night.
John asks Cassie to go to prom.
She refuses.
Meanwhile  Winston is.
Where a worker dies from the infection.
He then realizes.
The creek got heavily contaminated and goes to tell the officials that the water is contaminated.
The worker is quickly killed in NBC suits.
He informs.
Winston leaves.
They can get.
The infection begins to spread slowly.
Alex is disappointed.
Liz did nt come.
John gets.
Principal Sinclair then kicks John out.
Cassie follows him.
John confesses his love.
Frederica dies.
Rick is killed.
When he drowns.
CCD then force John and Cassie back.
The CCD locks all from the school and kill Principal Sinclair.
When he demands to know what is going on.
The infection then begins to kill the students.
Sandy  the most popular girl is also murdered.
The gym is then gassed.
Cassie  John  and Alex watch.
All the students are killed.
Winston is picked up.
Alex discovers.
He is infected and that the disease is incurable necrotizing fasciitis.
The only way to stop the infection is to amputate the infected limb.
However  Alex  infection is already too severe.
He stays behind.
John begins to show signs too and lets Cassie amputate his hand to stop it.
Cassie s boyfriend Marc then comes out  hits Cassie with a hammer  and tries to kill.
John but Cassie kills him.
The two leave the school only to be ambushed.
John stalls them  allowing Cassie to escape.
She finds herself and stops Herman s van.
Winston and Herman take Cassie  not knowing.
She is possibly infected.
The end shows Alex s date Liz at her workplace.
She is a stripper.
She spreads the infection.
Who spread it further around the country and even to Mexico.
She arrives home later that night  sick  and goes  thinking.
I should ve fucking gone.
Dan and Darren are shown watching.
TV and Dan says Prom blows.
<EOS>
The film begins.
Alaska was weakly defended.
Canada had already built the northwest staging route  a series spread across northwestern Canada.
The decision is made to build a highway.
The workers are divided.
Skagway Alaska  and Valdez Alaska.
The workers begin building a highway north.
The workers are transported by the White Pass and Yukon Route railway to Whitehorse.
They begin building a road north and south.
The workers move to a point inland and begin building a road towards Fairbanks and Whitehorse.
The movie goes on to show some amazing footage.
The black troops arrive.
All work hard building the highway.
The highway is opened.
The truck drivers find.
The road is better to drive than expected.
However  some is not correctly built and becomes impassable in rain.
Flooded rivers wash away some bridges.
They have to be rebuilt.
Some is not properly drained.
Ice builds up.
Trucks sink and are frozen into the mud.
Some grades are too steep.
Accidents happen.
Civilian contractors are hired to improve the highway.
New bridges are built.
Telephone lines are added.
Skagway is given a new life.
The port is expanded.
The White Pass and Yukon Route railway is leased.
Supplies flow to Whitehorse.
One train engineer is given the soldiers medal.
The decision is made to build a highway to connect to the Alaska highway.
The Indians living are now connected with the rest of the world by the highways.
The airports are upgraded  planes and supplies flow.
The peace river bridge is dedicated.
Politicians and army brass make speeches.
The highway contractors finish their rebuilding.
This allows supplies to flow.
The film ends.
Now we can press home the attack.
This is the road.
This is the wedge.
Has pried open the last great frontier.
The key unlocked the treasure chest.
Has. 
<EOS>
Elderly Lydia MacMillan stages a reunion.
She reminisces.
Has been spent.
The three suitors  former college football star Bob Willard  musician Frank Audry  and Dr Michael Fitzpatrick  join in remembering their respective romances with Lydia.
A surprise fourth arrives -- her original true love  Richard Mason  a seafaring adventurer.
<EOS>
Hard-drinking female detective Yukihira Natsumi has the best record.
Her independent personality and penchant to not go has alienated her from colleagues.
Her obsession has already cost her her marriage and custody of her eight-year-old daughter.
Natsumi has no time.
When there is crime to be fought.
She is forced to reconsider everything.
She knows  however  when terrorists take over the hospital where her daughter is being treated.
<EOS>
Mickey is so certain.
He will win that he refuses.
The situation changes radically.
When Mickey is challenged.
But both candidates are.
When Janet Burston appears.
<EOS>
The film follows the perils.
He pursues press agent Alison Edwards.
Livingston s comic foil Tommy Sweetwood is an unsuccessful comedian.
Who manages to offend his entire audience with his brash  insensitive humor.
Alison likes Eddie enough.
She hides a dark secret  she is a nudist.
One day  Tommy follows Alison of her clandestine weekend getaways and discovers her dirty little secret  promptly passing the information along to Eddie.
Unable to cope  Eddie flips out on Alison during a radio broadcast.
But Tommy has been enlightened to the nudist camp  and plays Cupid for the star-crossed lovers.
The three soon decide to spend the next weekend.
Eddie embraces the healthy purity of such an Edenic way of life  and becomes a firm believer.
This   is parlayed through a lengthy set of sequences showing our heroes enjoying a smattering of activities nude  such as horseback riding  yachting  swimming and water skiing.
The star power extends to the appearance of former light heavyweight champion Joey Maxim as the owner of his eponymous nightclub.
Where Eddie and Tommy perform.
Maxim was so unprepared as himself.
He would read his lines.
<EOS>
Georgian bush pilot Mimino works.
But he dreams.
He decides to go to follow his dream.
There he meets Armenian truck driver Roobik Khachikyan.
Who is given a place by mistake instead of another Khachikyan.
They have a lot.
Always amicable and open  Mimino does not feel at home in the big city.
Nevertheless  he becomes a pilot  flying all over the world.
But feeling homesick  he finally comes back  to his family and friends.
Mimino s real name is Valiko Mizandari - his nickname ` Mimino  is the Georgian word for sparrow hawk.
It is stated that ` Mimino  means falcon.
Either way  it seems.
This nickname is to equate.
<EOS>
Bhupathy comes.
Viswanathan  being a very good friend  invites him to his house.
He becomes a part.
Vishwanathan s daughter Priya   hates Bhupathy initially but later starts to love him.
Who is engaged.
She expresses her love.
He keeps a distance.
Though Bhupathy loves her.
He does nt want to let down his father s friendship.
Finally  her love is accepted.
<EOS>
Pippi   adventures on the South Seas to hunt for her father.
Who has been kidnapped.
Editorial Reviews of Amazon.
<EOS>
The plot is set during the Khrushchev Thaw in the former Soviet Union  and concentrates on a young cadet in the Red Army named Viktor.
Who becomes a chauffeur and begins a relationship with the general s daughter  Vera.
Viktor becomes involved by the KGB.
A KGB agent pushes Viktor to spy.
<EOS>
A man and his wife are having trouble financially and barely have anything to eat.
The grocer and butcher visit and  seeing  take things.
The couple can not pay them.
Next  a group arrive.
The couple quickly lock the door  put on disguises and escape to the roof though the window.
They discover.
The men are actually there to tell the man that he has inherited a fortune.
<EOS>
NASA scientist Edward Lindquist is sent.
When the children choose Herman s Hermits as the good luck name of the next Gemini space capsule.
S.
State Department official Colby Grant to shadow the band.
The band is whisked by hypersonic jet to Cape Kennedy for the rocket launch and back in time to finish the concert and play one more song before the credits roll.
<EOS>
Coffin Joe returns after recovering in a hospital from shock and blindness from the events in the previous film.
Having been absolved  this time  for his singular  obsessive desire for the continuity of blood.
He is even more determined to find the perfect woman.
Assisted  he kidnaps six beautiful women the first night.
He returns.
He puts them to determine.
One exhibits no fear  indicating superiority to bear his son.
Coffin Joe retains her and imprisons the other five in a pit below his bedroom.
When the woman named Marcia remains proudly unaffected while the others scream and beg they are submitted into.
Where he releases poisonous snakes to kill them.
Too shocked.
What Coffin Joe had done  however.
Coffin Joe lets.
Her go stating he knows she wo nt report him.
The village receives the visit of the local colonel s daughter Laura.
Who soon catches the attention.
Coffin Joe invites Laura to meet at midnight.
She quickly falls with him.
The colonel and his other son try to stop Laura to meet.
It is.
Determined to be rid  Laura s brother tries to bribe Coffin Joe by offering a large amount of money.
He drops Laura and leaves the village.
However  Coffin Joe and Bruno capture him and brutally kill him.
They later frame the colonel s thug Truncador.
Later   Coffin Joe learns.
One was pregnant.
Feeling guilty  he eventually has a horrible nightmare and pulled.
Have killed an unborn child.
Where is he dragged.
There he witnesses its inhabitants being endlessly tortured and persecuted.
He sees the Devil.
Coffin Joe is shocked.
When he sees that the Devil appears to be himself.
He remarks his beliefs strongly  claiming.
The nightmare is over.
What he is doing is not wrong.
Meanwhile  Truncador escapes and meets with the colonel.
Who wishes to kill Coffin Joe.
He sends Truncador to find other hit men.
They attack Coffin Joe  but Coffin Joe manages to kill them all.
Marcia ca nt free her mind of the kidnap victim s death and drinks arsenic.
She reveals.
She succumbs.
The villagers   prepare a lynch mob and go after Coffin Joe.
Meanwhile  Laura is ready to give birth  but the doctor tells Coffin Joe.
Only one will survive.
Coffin Joe and Laura agree.
The baby is the one who must live.
The operation ends unsuccessfully.
Devastated  Coffin Joe takes Laura s body.
Where he is finally surrounded.
Coffin Joe tries to escape but is shot and ends up falling.
Which he dumped his previous victims.
The local priest approaches Coffin Joe and begs him to accept God.
His soul will be saved.
Joe concedes  accepting God.
He drowns.
Skeletons rise.
<EOS>
Framing Story - Five strangers board a descending lift  one  in a modern office block in London.
They reach the basement.
None have pressed for that destination.
There they find a large  elaborately furnished room.
Appears to be a gentlemen s club.
The lift door has closed.
There are no buttons to bring it back  nor any other exit.
Resigned  they settle down with drinks and talk.
The conversation turns.
Each man tells.
Midnight Mess - Harold Rodgers tracks his sister Donna and kills her to claim her inheritance.
He discovers  Donna is not as dead.
The town is home.
He thinks.
He becomes the dish.
When his jugular vein is tapped out.
The Neat Job - The obsessively neat Arthur Critchit marries Eleanor  a young trophy wife.
Who is not quite the domestic goddess he hoped.
His constant nagging.
She makes.
Ca nt you do anything neatly.
This Trick ll Kill You - Sebastian is a magician.
Where he and his wife are searching.
Nothing impresses.
He sees a girl charming.
Unable to work out  he persuades her to come  and steal the enchanted rope.
The trick is done.
Where he and his wife Inez murder her.
Sebastian plays the flute.
The rope rises  Inez climbs it  only to disappear.
An ominous patch appears on the ceiling.
The rope coils round Sebastian s neck and hangs him.
Their victim reappears alive.
Bargain - Maitland of an insurance scam concocted with his friend Alex.
Is buried alive.
Alex double-crosses Maitland  leaving him to suffocate.
Two trainee doctors Tom and Jerry bribe a gravedigger to dig up a corpse to help.
He jumps up gasping  causing Tom and Jerry to run out into the middle of the road in front of Alex s car.
When Maitland s coffin is opened.
Crashes. 
The gravedigger kills Maitland and.
When trying to close the sale apologises to Tom and Jerry for the damage to the head.
Drawn and Quartered - Moore is an impoverished painter living.
He goes.
When he learns that his work has been sold by dealers and critics who told him that it was worthless.
His painting hand is given voodoo power  can be harmed.
Whatever he paints or draws.
Returning  Moore paints portraits of the three men.
Who cheated him  and mutilates them to exact his revenge.
His undoing is a self-portrait  it too is enchanted.
He had.
He is killed.
When a workman drops a can through a skylight.
The five ponder the meaning.
When the story is told.
The lift door opens.
They find themselves looking out.
They walk out and disappear one.
Sebastian explains.
They are damned souls doomed to tell the story for all eternity.
<EOS>
It starts.
He fails.
When he hits a tree.
However  he keeps going.
However  the Self Appointed Hero steals the girl s heart.
Meanwhile  an evil Gorilla-like creature called.
The Missing Link is watching them.
The dinosaur kills the Missing Link and goes away.
When the Missing Link goes.
Then the Hero finds the Missing Link and takes the credit.
<EOS>
Three rebellious African-American army officers disobey orders and refuse to destroy a village inhabited with innocent people.
They are sent and are going to be.
The officers know.
Justice will not be served and manage to escape.
The fugitives end up  taking refuge in the home of a sympathetic widow.
The town is controlled.
Who kills those opposing him and takes whatever he wants.
This bothers one.
Who   convinces the others to help him create a secret training camp in the woods.
They then begin recruiting the local African-Americans men and training them.
The angry rebels take over the town  incarcerate the sheriff and all his cohorts and hold the rest until their demands for media attention.
When they are prepared.
An end are met.
<EOS>
The story is about two men.
Who suffer a heart attack and share the hospital room.
Aditya is a newspaper editor.
Who has already survived two strokes and has somewhat adapted to the crisis.
Shaukat Ali  an underworld kingpin  gets paranoid.
Who has often witnessed death closely.
The story is.
Changes Ali s perspective.
<EOS>
One day  Mari has a dream.
Which she is wearing the Baby Doll costume and floating.
Her adopted grandmother floats  followed by her father.
The televangelist outstretched in his left hand.
Who has his arms.
All four are now aligned  still floating.
The dream ends.
Mari is shown walking away.
Her mother arrives afterwards  walking.
She capsizes her head face down.
Her hands outstretched  and drowns herself.
The next day  Mari rushes.
Days later  he visits her grave.
Mari arrives  leaving candles to illuminate the tombstone.
She then remembers her mother telling her.
She will return in fire.
The next morning  a Carnival procession begins.
This is the day - the end of humanity.
All the participants are dressed.
Mari could not take part in Carnival  but can only watch in fear and awe.
She is simply observing the festivities.
The celebrations become more intense and more frightening.
The Blue Devils enter.
Realizing  Mari asks a nearby Bookman.
The end is near.
There is any room there.
He tells her.
Hell is currently overpopulated.
Night creeps in.
The Blue Devils continue their ranting and raving.
The Apocalypso then begins.
The next morning  Mari is seen standing.
The entire wall is scribbled.
She is the human survivor and begins to walk through the empty streets.
She assumes.
The gods are the only other survivors  as she passes a gigantic statue.
She continues to walk aimlessly.
She sits down.
She is.
Her water just broke.
She gives birth.
Is symbolized.
The screen fades.
These words fade.
Which we hear the crying.
<EOS>
A gang of thieves steal a rare $ 10 million gem.
Two of the gang double cross their leader  Patrick Koster and take off with the precious stone.
Ten years later   prominent private practice Manhattan child psychiatrist  Dr Nathan R.
Conrad  is invited to examine a disturbed young lady named Elisabeth Burrows at the state sanatorium.
Having been released November  Patrick and the remaining gang members break into an apartment.
Overviews Nathan s apartment.
That evening  Patrick kidnaps the psychiatrist s daughter.
She is reluctant at first.
He gains her trust later - especially.
When he reveals his daughter was kidnapped and will be killed if he does nt get the number they want.
Dr Sachs admits.
The gang who kidnapped Jessie also kidnapped his girlfriend to force him to acquire the number.
Louis Sachs is then visited.
Who reveals that his girlfriend has been found dead.
Meanwhile  Aggie hears Jessie s voice and realizes the kidnappers reside nearby.
The kidnappers send one to kill Aggie.
The others escape.
Aggie sets an ambush and kills him.
She begins to remember past events.
Nathan takes Elisabeth.
It is revealed.
He double crossed them and took the stolen gem.
However  other members later found him and ordered him to reveal.
Where he had hidden the gem  pushing him.
The gang members were arrested immediately with her doll.
Where the gem was hidden.
She also remembers.
Her doll has been placed in the coffin.
She stowed away.
Was taking her father s coffin on Hart Island  where the grave digger s helped her put the doll  Mischka  inside.
Nathan and Elisabeth steal a boat to reach Hart Island.
The gang members track them down and demand.
Nathan gives them the number they want.
Elisabeth reveals the number and Patrick orders his companion to exhume her father s coffin.
He finds the doll and the gem hidden.
He then decides to kill Nathan and Elisabeth.
Detective Cassidy arrives.
He can shoot them.
Patrick s companion is shot.
Patrick manages to wound her.
Taking advantage  Nathan takes the gem from Patrick and throws it to a nearby excavation machine.
Patrick goes to recover the gem.
Nathan triggers the mechanism.
Covers Patrick  burying him alive.
Nathan is then reunited.
It is implied.
Elisabeth goes on to live.
<EOS>
Nick Condon is a journalist.
He prints a story disclosing Japan s plan to conquer the world.
The newspaper is seized.
Condon gets the Tanaka Plan  a paper.
Which all the plans are described.
The Japanese spies think.
Who follow him.
Ollie and Edith Miller are the ones who discovered the plan because they suddenly have a lot and are coming back to the USA.
He finds Edith dead.
When Condon goes.
He can only see a woman s hand with a huge ruby.
Back home  he finds Ollie.
He gets.
Premier Giichi Tanaka wants his plans to remain secret  and sends Col.
Hideki Tojo Capt.
Oshima and Hijikata to follow him everywhere.
Condon hides the document behind the Emperor Picture.
Condon meets Iris Hilliard  half American and half Chinese.
He suspects her of being the lady in the ship  then he does nt.
They fall.
She seems to be betraying him.
When Condon sees the ring.
It turns out.
She s been sent.
Condon leaves his job.
He meets the politician and Iris.
When he s about to leave Japan.
The politician signs the document to prove.
It s real.
They are discovered.
Iris runs away.
Will take her out.
To distract the Japanese officers  Condon fights his greatest enemy and tries to reach the American Embassy.
He s shot.
He s not killed.
The consular adviser goes out and takes Condon inside still alive.
The Japanese officers ca nt prevent it.
They could nt find the Tanaka document when registering Condon.
<EOS>
Broncho Billy Anderson as Jennie Lee Arthur Mackley as Jennie s Father John B.
OBrien.
<EOS>
Wilhelm Lehmann is informed.
He will receive the Order on his sixty-fifth birthday  for being the best worker in the most successful chemical plant in the country.
However  it is soon made clear.
All his grown have other plans for the day.
None can arrive to honor their father and their mother Auguste.
But.
Lead. 
He is awarded the Order.
The whole family drinks the traditional May wine.
They have done.
<EOS>
Ulysses Everett McGill  Pete Hogwallop  and Delmar ODonnell escape from a chain gang at Parchman Farm and set out to retrieve the $.
2 million.
Everett claims to have stolen and buried before his incarceration.
They have only four days to find it.
The valley in which it is hidden will be flooded to create Arkabutla Lake.
Early   they try to jump onto a moving train with some hobos  but fall off due to Pete s inability to get on.
Still chained together.
They then encounter a blind man traveling.
They hitch a ride.
He foretells their futures.
They seek a great fortune.
They will find a fortune.
It will not be the one they seek.
They will also see many wonders  including a cow on the roof of a cotton house.
They walk.
Who removes their chains.
He then turns them.
He needs the money.
The authorities set the barn.
They are sleeping.
The trio quickly escapes.
Pete and Delmar are enticed.
When they pass a congregation.
They travel briefly.
The journey continues.
He reveals.
When asked why he was.
He sold his soul in exchange for the ability to play the guitar.
Tommy describes the devil  with empty eyes and a big hollow voice.
He love to travel around.
This description matches Sheriff Cooley.
The four come across a radio station run by a blind man.
Record the song Man  calling themselves the Soggy Bottom Boys.
Unknown  the song becomes famous around the state.
The trio part ways is discovered by police.
They continue.
The most notable are a bank robbery with the famous bank robber George Nelson  a run-in with three sirens and drug them  and a mugging by a one-eyed Bible salesman named Big Dan Teague.
Who seduce.
Everett and Delmar arrive only to find.
Everett s wife  Penny  is engaged.
Waldrip  campaign manager.
She refuses to take Everett back and is so ashamed he was killed by a train.
She has been telling their daughters.
Everett and Delmar discover.
Watching a film.
Pete is still alive  the sirens having turned him to collect the bounty on his head.
Pete tells them.
Everett and Delmar rescue him.
He gave up the location.
Everett reveals  he only mentioned it to persuade the other men to escape.
He was for practicing law without a license and that there was never any treasure.
He could reconcile.
Pete is outraged.
Because he only had two weeks left.
The trio stumble.
Where Tommy is about to be lynched.
The three disguise themselves and attempt a rescue.
Big Dan reveals their identities  and chaos ensues.
Which the Grand Wizard is revealed to be Stokes.
The trio flee the scene.
Falls on and incinerates some.
Everett convinces Pete  Delmar  and Tommy to help him win his wife back.
Disguised  they sneak into a Stokes campaign dinner.
She is attending.
Everett tries to convince his wife.
He is bona fide.
She brushes him off.
The group begins an impromptu musical performance.
Which the crowd recognizes them and goes wild.
Stokes   recognizes them as the group  angering the crowd.
Who disgraced his lynch mob and shouts to stop.
He denounces the Soggy Bottom Boys as hostile.
The crowd is unimpressed and runs him out.
Pappy ODaniel  the sitting governor  seizes the opportunity and endorses the Soggy Bottom Boys  granting them a full pardon.
The event is being played.
Penny accepts Everett back.
She demands.
He find her original ring if they are to be married.
They run.
They leave the dinner.
Delmar comments  Looks is right back on top again.
The group sets out to retrieve the ring.
Is that Everett originally claimed to have hidden the treasure in.
The police order their arrest and hanging.
When they arrive.
Everett protests  stating.
Sheriff Cooley ignores their pleas  responding .
Where he comes.
They -RSB- do nt have a radio.
The three begin.
Everett improvises a prayer to be saved.
Suddenly  the valley is flooded.
They are saved.
Using their coffins  Pete and Delmar jubilantly praise God.
Everett dismisses the incident.
He pipes down  though.
A cow floats.
Tommy finds the ring.
He is floating on.
They return.
Everett and Penny walk with their daughters in tow  singing.
Everett presents the ring.
Who promptly states that it is the wrong one.
The blind man rolls.
Everett protests the futility.
<EOS>
The ennui afflicted heir returns to his father s house in West London to find.
The neighborhood has become a slum.
An ornithologist ill at ease  he finds his spy-glass wandering from birds to observe his neighbors.
Strictly an observer  he increasingly becomes agitated.
Their lives are blighted.
He is moved by the plight of the pubescent Salambo Mardi and her family  beset by the rapist shop-keep Kowalski and the pimp Roscoe.
Gradually he is stirred.
Confuses  alarms  and angers his parasitic entourage.
A pacifist and liberal idealist  Leo is relieved.
His life has been paid for from its rents.
The movie turns Marxist parable.
Leo becomes the unlikeliest  rallying the denizens of the slum with the aid of Salumbo and her charismatic working-class hero boyfriend Roscoe.
The intellectual and professional class is quickly overcome.
The capitalists and petit bourgeoisie prove tougher  fortifying themselves.
Leo leads the mob in burning his own mansion to the ground  its occupiers surrendering and fleeing at the last moment.
Roscoe tells Leo  Well  you did nt change the world  did you.
The victors laugh together and disperse.
Leo wanders up and picks from the rubble one of his.
Smiling happily he chucks it aside and skips merrily away.
<EOS>
A group female stenographers scientifically investigate sex through discussion of its various aspects.
<EOS>
The movie tells.
Who loathe each other because they are forced by their parents.
Maya s ailing grandmother wants her to marry as soon despite the fact.
She already has a steady boyfriend  Dani.
Dani and Maya love each other and had even planned to marry previously.
Dani has to try and figure out.
To stop.
<EOS>
Tarek a Lebanese-Australian  living wants to help his imprisoned older brother  Jamal but ca nt afford the costs.
His mate Nabil  a cleaner persuades Tarek to steal drugs.
Sam helps.
Meanwhile Tarek has met Amie  an Anglo-Australian girl.
Who likes.
<EOS>
Mera Pind is the story.
Who has chosen to settle and spread the message of empowerment and entrepreneurship amongst the village youth.
Led  the youth set off a revolution in development of the village.
It inspires Punjabis.
Who are increasingly opting to settle abroad  to undertake business.
Mera Pind is also a story.
<EOS>
The film takes place and the surrounding region of the Sahel.
Accomplished  she is a renowned sorceress.
<EOS>
Six actresses -- Yoon Yeo-jeong  Lee Mi-sook  Go Hyun-jung  Choi Ji-woo  Kim Min-hee and Kim Ok-bin  each portraying themselves -- come together  resulting in a clash of egos between individuals not used to sharing the limelight.
<EOS>
Romek Januchta is a sensitive and honest young man.
Who has a fascination.
He finds work.
Confronted the scenes reality of stage productions -- the bickering  the petty jealousies  the vindictiveness  and the corruption -- Romek s illusions are soon shattered.
A fellow tailor has been fired.
Romek is faced.
<EOS>
Mike Carter is forced to resign after breaking some rules.
He becomes a bodyguard.
Before long  Carter has been accused and is being hunted down by his former fellow officers.
His file clerk and fiancee Doris Brewster believes.
She is instrumental.
<EOS>
The story is woven.
He had killed his wife  suspecting her of infidelity.
An infant girl child.
Who had become an orphan.
Time inexorably passes.
The time has arrived.
But this created a major problem.
The family members  gre wiser.
Who at the outset set out to secure the release from the lunatic asylum.
When its possibility was seen turning and then backed out.
The very family could not bring itself to approve in their midst  in flesh and blood.
Had been believing to have shared the bitter destiny of Razaq.
He would be casting the shadow on the family s honour.
The presence would spoil the happiness of the newly married.
Even the bride  Mumtaz  did not want to see her father.
Set  it subtly builds upon the bitter-sweet experiences of family members and their interactions  arising out of concrete situations  with the result.
He is left.
<EOS>
John has descended  and is suicidal.
Years after Elizabeth left him.
He immediately boards a plane  hoping to get to talk to her.
When he receives an invitation to attend an art exhibit that will feature some of Elizabeth s paintings.
He arrives and promptly wins all of her artwork.
Elizabeth is not there.
He does  however  see a beautiful woman wearing exactly the same shawl.
He gave.
The woman s name is Lea.
She says.
She is Elizabeth s close friend and that Elizabeth is now living.
John suspects.
There is something Lea is not telling him.
It becomes apparent.
Elizabeth told her intimate details.
Lea  a fashion designer  is obviously attracted.
He begins to warm as well.
They begin a passionate affair.
Lea continues to be evasive.
When it comes.
John also becomes close.
Who is.
He is forced to examine the ways.
John comes closer.
In which his past actions have changed him  and if he can be the kind of lover for Lea that she wants him to be.
<EOS>
Bud Pit and his girlfriend Moon leave the city and move.
Bud Pit accidentally knocks and is disturbed by a spirit for a while.
Moving in.
He is attracted to his new  cheerful neighbour Olive.
He becomes suspicious.
When he sees her roaming the streets  not recognising him and behaving like a completely different person.
He seeks help.
Who helps them unravel the mystery.
They learn.
Olive is actually possessed.
Mrs Bud Lung promises to help the spirit reunite.
She leaves Olive s body.
<EOS>
Lionel  a widower  has raised his daughter Josephine alone.
Who drives RER trains.
They have always shared a special bond and live a secure and contented life somewhat isolated  in an apartment building in a suburb of Paris.
Josephine  an anthropology student  is now grown and become a young woman.
She remains deeply devoted.
They have developed a loose family  Gabrielle  a cab driver and another neighbor   and Noe  a moody young man.
Who once had a love affair.
Who lives and has feelings for Josephine.
Noe leads a disorganized life and goes abroad often.
Gabrielle appears to have feelings and motherly feelings towards Josephine.
Both father and daughter are ambivalent.
Lionel declines to try the customary feat.
Attending the retirement party.
His colleague appears to be lost.
Lionel realizes.
Time is moving on.
He must find meaning and security.
He end up the same way.
Their car breaks down.
The four friends take refuge.
Noe shows his feelings.
Lionel realizes.
She must eventually leave him.
He knows.
She needs to live her own life independent.
Lionel has to stop his train.
When Lionel s former colleague commits suicide.
When he comes.
Josephine weds a nervous but happy Noe.
Lionel successfully downs 35 shots of rum in celebration of the occasion.
It is not clear.
Whether he does so.
He returns home to live alone.
<EOS>
Bugs Bunny  looking to pass the night  happens on an abandoned farm house.
Is the hideout of two gangsters  Rocky and Hugo.
.
Shortly thereafter  Rocky and Hugo return pursued.
The running gunfight continues  Bugs comically gets up.
They take cover.
As the shooting ends.
Hugo s shares they just pulled  Bugs slyly cuts in after noticing.
Rocky is nt paying attention.
He poses.
He gets all.
Rocky then wises up  and demands the money back.
Bugs refuses  even suntanning to find out.
Where the money is hid.
Rocky then has Hugo take Bugs.
He gladly accepts  claiming I could use a breath.
He threatens Bugs continuously.
When he does.
He demands to know.
Where the dough is  and after promising not to look gets a bowl.
Bugs then poses  another gangster   Rocky.
Who threatens that It s curtains.
If he is going to execute Rocky.
Then pulls an actual set from inside his jacket and hangs them over Rocky s head.
Bugs then pretends to be the police  and has Rocky hide.
He deals.
Bugs acts out the police breaking in  demanding to know Rocky s whereabouts  a fight ensuing over the chest.
He is.
Bugs play-acting a fight.
Which he eventually throws the cop.
Bugs opens the chest and hands Rocky a time bomb.
The bomb promptly detonates  leaving Rocky s clothes.
Bugs declares he has taken care.
<EOS>
A former FBI agent named.
Carter Morstan receives an unwelcome visit.
A gunshot rings.
Subsequently  a body is wrapped.
Jane Watson works  but faces - therefore she is eventually forced to sell the English country estate of her ancestor  Dr Watson.
Financial ruin because she approaches her job.
She visits the old house one last time.
Where a lawyer hands her an envelope.
Jane finds a hidden basement containing a primitive cryogenic capsule with a man lying inside.
Whom she thaws.
The man turns out to be her ancestor s friend and partner  the legendary Sherlock Holmes himself.
He had received a trapped gift.
Infected him.
Holmes and Watson had devised the desperate plan of putting Holmes into suspended animation to save Holmes  life.
Fortunately   Jane manages to administer the cure.
She is.
Holmes soon finds himself.
Has changed a lot.
Lacking an alternative  he accompanies Jane.
Where they are soon drawn.
Someone has ransacked Jane s office and left.
A message signed Small.
Afterward  they receive a visit.
Who asks her to investigate her father s murder and states that the message found was meant for her.
Jane and Holmes mean to ask the FBI  but the higher ranks are.
Soon Holmes and Jane find themselves.
They find one dead.
When both begin to backtrack three.
They need.
Some aid finally receive the information.
Before their retirement were involved in a hijacking case and the simultaneous disappearance of several millions of counterfeit money.
The perpetrator was one Peter Small.
They refused a lie detector test and subsequently quit the FBI.
When the four agents were suspected.
It takes Holmes and Jane not long to guess.
The counterfeit money was used to pay off Small.
The four FBI agents had kept the ransom  so Small exacting revenge on his betrayers seems the most logical motive.
But Small seems to stay one step  their next candidate of the four is murdered.
They try to warn him.
It is already gone.
When the last survivor finally leads them.
Thanks to his aroused interest in the Watergate scandal  Holmes finally deduces the truth of the scheme.
The culprit is actually Carter Morstan himself   he had appropriated all for his own.
After he and his colleagues had hidden the money.
Small had been killed.
Morstan had hit to kill his comrades in crime.
They would discover his duplicity and lay the blame.
Holmes manages to lure Morstan out of hiding and right into the arms of the FBI  resolving the case.
The film ends.
Holmes coming close.
<EOS>
Dr Michelle Wulf encounters the younger Stanislaus Pilgrin over a game of lightning chess  not being aware.
Pilgrin is a chess master.
She becomes intrigued.
The two begin a liaison.
Stan marries her  to no avail.
Order to protect Michelle  who is Jewish.
It turns out when the Gestapo arrests her and sends her.
An unspecified amount after the war  Michelle returns under the identity of Mme.
Robert and encounters her colleague  plastic surgeon Dr Charles Bovard.
Who at first does not recognize her.
She undergoes plastic surgery to restore some.
Then encounters Stan  and still believes.
Who has assumed.
Michelle is dead.
Surprised  Stan tells her.
Michelle s daughter Fabi can not inherit her mother s estate because no body was ever produced.
He asks Mme.
Robert to impersonate Michelle.
She agrees.
She quickly becomes aware.
Fabi  now a beautiful woman  resents her  and what is worse  is now Stan s lover.
Eventually  Michelle reveals herself and insists.
The jealous Fabi tells Stan her plan.
Taking a bath.
Stan will go on the pretext of attending a chess championship.
He will set up a gun to go off.
When Michelle opens her safe.
He will call her and tell her.
He has put a gift in the safe.
He will know.
When he hears the shot.
She is dead.
He can return home to adjust the scene to make the death appear a suicide.
The amoral Stan drowns her.
It is not clear if Fabi is serious.
It looks  and then carries out her plan.
He discovers.
When he returns.
What appears to be Michelle s body  but is caught.
Charles   had entered the room and caused her to step aside to avoid the bullet.
Who has loved Michelle all along.
As she was opening the safe.
<EOS>
The film is growing up in 1960-61 London.
Who develop an interest for Tottenham Hotspur  which became the first English team in the 20th century to win both the English league and the FA Cup double.
Twenty years later  one is making a documentary on the sporting achievement and tracks down players from the 1960-1961 team.
<EOS>
He is reunited  and with his father  the charismatic leader of a New Age cult.
When young history professor Russ is called.
Russ wanders.
Exploring his memories.
Where hundreds are listed on the walls.
He dreams and awakens to find a cudgel in his motel room  the town drunk warns him.
He sleeps that night.
It is an instrument.
A young liquor store clerk enlists him to help find her brother.
Whom she believes has been taken.
Russ s aunt   tells him.
Who has been living.
His mother left a message hidden.
Looking  Russ is taken on an unbelievable journey through the small town s ancient  subterranean origins.
He and Mike find the girl s brother murdered.
When he escapes.
Russ begins to believe.
Preparations are underway  and engages the attentions of a seductress in order to obtain information.
He is raped and arrested.
The stakes are raised.
When Russ discovers that the cult intends to take over the world.
The film ends.
Him to choose.
<EOS>
The Havo voor Muziek en Dans has given talented young people the opportunity to study music and dance in depth as well as following the normal high school curriculum  with the possibility of going on to the conservatory or dance academy.
Each pupil dreams.
The film focuses.
The camera gives a view in the school as the camera dances between classrooms and practice rooms.
It shows the tension.
It shows the sacrifices.
The pupils have to make to realize their dreams.
Who has to live while she studies at the school.
<EOS>
The film tells the story.
Who projects a cold  aloof persona and workmates.
The beginning reveals.
She is estranged.
The film also reveals.
She has nt had a complete dream or a full night s sleep.
Things come.
When her father suffers.
She refuses to see him.
She pays.
Leads. 
The film to abuse her - a fact.
Reveals that her father used to visit Laya in the small hours of the night in order.
Leads Laya s mother to leave  thinking that Danilo was seeing another woman  but not knowing that the other woman was her daughter.
Not long  Laya and new co-worker Eric are assigned by their boss to document the Mangatyanan blood trail ritual of the Labwanan.
The practice dies out forever.
They discover a severely dwindled group.
When the pair meet the Labwanan.
Whose cultural identity is now asserted only.
Laya feels a connection.
Documenting the ritual.
Laya and Eric are asked to leave.
When the disagreements and moral failures lead to the disruption of the Mangatyanan ritual.
Laya runs away and takes it upon herself to perform the steps Mangatyanan ritual  one of the final steps of.
Is drinking a potentially fatal hallucigenic concoction.
The effects give her a vision of her father.
Eric and the tribesmen attempt to resuscitate Laya.
Who asks.
He instead convinces her to forgive her mother.
When she refuses.
Finally allows Laya to experience dignity and personal freedom.
<EOS>
Isabelle Grossman works.
Supports authors.
He shows an interest.
When author Anton Maes comes.
Who is enamored.
Isabelle pays frequent visits.
Who lives.
Anxious  Ida turns to the local marriage broker.
Isabelle allows the matchmaker to introduce her.
Shocked and annoyed.
Who owns the pickle shop  below Delancey Street.
Isabelle is not interested in Sam  believing.
He is too.
Instead  she sets her sights.
But she also feels sorry and tries to set him up with her girlfriend Marilyn.
She learns.
He did not hire a matchmaker out and in fact has admired Isabelle from afar for several years.
Deeply touched  Isabelle agrees to meet him.
However  she is sidelined by Anton and  believing  goes to his apartment.
He is romantically interested.
She discovers instead.
Anton wants the convenience.
Finally seeing  the disgusted Isabelle races to her grandmother s apartment  finding it empty with Ida sleeping on the couch.
Heartbroken  she believes.
She has ruined her chances.
Sam enters.
She cries.
The two finally are united.
Ida feigns confusion but is gleeful.
Her plan has succeeded.
<EOS>
An American newspaper reporter named.
Charlie Carroll falls.
The prince hires a Romanian general to kidnap her.
Charlie  thinking  consoles himself.
She has eloped.
He realizes that she has been kidnapped.
Ole Olsen and Chic Johnson provide comic relief.
Is completely unrelated.
They play the part.
Who find a wooden-legged thief who has robbed the navy storehouse.
<EOS>
Two Soviet partisans go to a Belarusian village in search of food.
They head back to their unit  but are spotted by a German patrol.
Sotnikov is shot.
The two men get away.
Rybak has to take him.
However  they are discovered and captured.
The two men and a sobbing Demchikha are taken.
Sotnikov is questioned first.
Sotnikov is brutally tortured  but gives up no information.
When he refuses to answer Portnov s questions.
However  Rybak is a different story.
He tells as much.
He thinks the police already know  hoping to live so he can escape later.
The headman  now suspected  and a young girl are imprisoned in the same cellar for the night.
The next morning  all are led out to be hanged.
Rybak persuades Portnov and the Germans to let him join the police.
The others are executed.
Rybak is vilified.
He heads back.
Finally realizing  he tries to hang himself.
What he has done.
The belt becomes unfastened.
He ties it more securely  but can not summon the courage to go.
Exiting the outhouse  he sees the door  but breaks down in tears.
He realizes he does not dare to try and escape.
<EOS>
Neeraj and Anita are.
Is unacceptable.
Anita s father wants her to marry Anil Sharma  a business tycoon.
Initially  Anita wants Neeraj to walk out.
But later  Neeraj gets a letter.
Raises some suspicions.
He goes to meet her  only to learn.
She has committed suicide.
Neeraj suspects foul play and decides to find out the truth.
Surprisingly  he sees Anita.
Where she supposedly committed suicide.
His friend advises Neeraj to go and try forget the incident.
At a picnic  Neeraj once again sees Anita as a saffron clad sadhvi  Maya.
Neeraj leran.
He saw Maya Jogan  who died 20 years ago.
But he sees her.
Which Neeraj is travelling.
Anita sends a letter to Neeraj asking him to meet.
That she can disclose the truth.
To avoid the police  Anita meets Neeraj.
Anita then takes Neeraj.
Where Anil reveals that he killed Neeraj s lover and threw her.
It look.
<EOS>
The film s opening encompasses newsreel footage.
Eisenhower  warning.
This is followed as president  emphasizing the events.
Would lead to his assassination.
Events shown are the Bay of the Vietnam War and Laotian Civil War.
This builds.
New Orleans District Attorney Jim Garrison subsequently learns to the assassination in New Orleans.
Garrison and his team investigate several possible conspirators   but are forced to let them go.
Their investigation is publicly rebuked.
Kennedy s alleged assassin Lee Harvey Oswald is killed.
He can go.
Garrison closes the investigation.
The investigation is reopened to Senator Long of Louisiana on a chance encounter while on a plane trip.
Garrison then reads.
The Warren Report and notices what he believes are numerous inaccuracies and conflicts.
Garrison and his staff interrogate several witnesses  and others.
Who were involved.
Ferrie denies any knowledge of meeting Oswald.
He is soon suspected.
Another witness is Willie OKeefe  a male prostitute serving five years for soliciting.
Who reveals he witnessed Ferrie discussing Kennedy s assassination.
OKeefe was romantically involved with a man.
He knew -- also known as Clay Shaw.
Others come forward  including Jean Hill  she tells the investigators.
She witnessed shots fired.
She heard four  but U.
S.
Secret Service agents threatened her.
Only three shots came.
Changes were made by the Warren Commission.
Garrison and a staff member also go in the Texas School Book Depository and aim an empty rifle from the window.
Which Oswald was alleged to have shot Kennedy.
They conclude.
Oswald was too poor a marksman to make the shots.
Two were much too close together  indicating.
Two additional assassins were also involved.
Had been planted.
C.
Who identifies himself.
X suggests.
There was a conspiracy.
S.
Secret Service  Federal Bureau and the Vice President of the United States during the Kennedy administration  Lyndon B.
Johnson  co-conspirators  or.
Either direct.
Having motives to cover up the truth.
X explains.
Kennedy was assassinated because his foreign policy would have meant diminished profit.
Kennedy ordered control to be removed from the CIA and handed over to the U.
S.
Defense Department s Joint Chiefs.
This would have diminished the agency s power.
Further  the Mafia had helped Kennedy win the U.
S.
Presidential election   continue his crusade against them.
Who had done business  and felt betrayed that he had let his brother  Robert.
Furthermore  they wanted revenge.
They had helped fund and support to get their Cuban casinos -- their biggest moneymakers -- back from the hands of the Castro regime.
X reveals.
His superior  Brigadier General Y  had X sent to Antarctica just before the assassination.
One was to supplement presidential security.
He points out all the lapses during Kennedy s trip to Dallas  the open windows along the route  the hairpin turn from Houston Street to Elm Street  and bystander activities.
Slowed the limousine.
Would not have been allowed.
X suggests.
He was ordered out in order to strip away the normal security measures he would have had in place during Kennedy s trip to Dallas.
X touches down in New Zealand.
He reads a local newspaper.
Mysteriously presents a full dossier and his guilt in Kennedy s death.
This was hours.
Oswald would be charged.
X views this as clear proof.
CIA assets in the media were being used to persuade the public of Oswald s guilt.
X further states.
Kennedy was intent.
S.
Troops evidenced by National Security Action Memorandum.
This was countermanded immediately with National Security Order.
Therein  concludes X  lay the foundation.
X encourages Garrison to keep digging and make further arrests.
Two quit the investigation  doubting his motives and methods  the latter warned by a friendly FBI agent.
Who claims that Fidel Castro is the sole assassin  and tells the latter.
It would be more important.
Garrison s marriage is strained.
When his wife Liz complains that he is spending more time than with his own family.
Liz accuses Garrison.
A sinister phone call is made.
The media launches attacks on television and in newspapers attacking Garrison s character and criticizing the way.
His office is spending taxpayers  money.
Some key witnesses become scared and refuse to testify.
Others   die under suspicious circumstances.
Ferrie tells Garrison.
He believes people are  and reveals there was a conspiracy around Kennedy s death that involved co-conspirators that were involved in the CIA operation named Operation Mongoose.
Bill Broussard meets Garrison.
Where Garrison is boarding.
Will attempt to assassinate him.
When Garrison confronts Broussard not to pass rumors about someone going to be killed.
Broussard tries to get Garrison to listen.
Garrison refuses  dismissing it.
He accuses Broussard and decides to take him back to New Orleans as punishment.
Broussard tries to apologize.
Garrison is too busy to accept it.
He has to flee from a public restroom.
When he hears strange noises and is approached by an unknown man who pretends to be a friend of Garrison s.
He and his staff discovered.
Broussard has joined the FBI and disappeared.
They argue.
Clay Shaw has been brought.
He sees Robert Kennedy.
They discuss.
Later  Robert is assassinated.
Garrison and Liz reconcile.
The trial takes place in.
The film reflects.
Members stated publicly that they believed there was a conspiracy behind the assassination  but not enough evidence to link Shaw to that conspiracy.
The film ends.
Garrison states he will continue to find out what else may be there.
It is mentioned.
Shaw died in.
Richard Helms testified under oath.
Clay Shaw had  in fact  been a part-time contract agent.
The end credits also state.
Secret records related will be released to the public in.
<EOS>
The film begins.
Who is interviewed and who begins reminiscing.
He grasps an old okiagari-koboshi musical doll.
Brings his memories back  near the end of the war.
A Hebei peasant in his 30s  was captured by Japanese imperial soldiers  and was brought to the Daxing ` anling area near Manchuria after the Japanese slaughtered his aged mother.
He was put to be executed.
The firing killed everyone but Yang.
A Soviet military tank knocked over the wall.
The Japanese soldiers reloaded their machine gun.
The captives were lined.
Yang was the sole survivor and was put.
Their truck was ambushed.
Nadja escorted him.
They came.
They moved.
Who was about to commit suicide.
They took her captive and made her to bring the three out.
The girl knew her way out.
Akibako brought the three.
Where Nadja s partner was blown up.
Nadja was infuriated  but decided not to kill Akibako.
She was their sole guide.
Both Yang and Nadja were tempted to kill Akibako  but eventually saved her life from sinking to her death in a quagmire.
Conflicting feelings dogged all three.
They rely to survive.
Akibako convinced Yang was the only way out of the desolate woods.
Nadja wanted to move north to meet.
Nadja happened to stray from her other two partners  but managed to meet them later.
Eventually the three found their way.
Where they discovered Akibako.
They realized.
They have been tricked.
A tearful Akibako explained.
She was trying to get them to surrender so that they could get food and lodging at the camp.
The three ended.
Where the radio began to announce Emperor Hirohito s unconditional surrender.
Akibako  shocked  grabbed.
The PPSh-41 Nadja had and took aim at Yang and Nadja.
However  she was unable to pull the trigger  and convulsed.
Nadja learned later.
Yang had removed the cartridge earlier on.
The war having now ended  Yang urged Akibako to go back and live a good life.
Akibako decided to return to find her childhood sweetheart.
Who was conscripted by the Japanese airforce.
The three then witnessed a group.
They could not accept the fact their country had surrendered.
Akibako mistakenly thought  but was shot dead.
They were not informed and ran to halt their foolish acts.
Her okiagari-koboshi doll rolled out.
She died.
Consumed  Yang and Nadja mounted the army truck.
Machine-Gunning and overrunning the rest.
Yang picked up Akibako s okiagari-koboshi doll.
All were killed or had committed suicide.
The film 1945 to commemorate Akibako s death.
Then fast forwards where an elderly Nadja places flowers on Poklonnaya Gora war memorial with the gigantic numerals.
The film then flashes back.
Where a voice read out a declaration of peace and harmony  as the remaining Japanese troops threw their arms away in the purple sunset.
A statistic rolls up at the credit.
<EOS>
Two people leave the US Navy.
Sandy is one and later invents a carburetor.
Should increase the speed that powered boats will run.
He accidentally sinks a boat and has to pay.
When testing it.
Now he is broke and enters a boat contest.
He has to invent the fastest boat.
Order to win.
<EOS>
The films opens.
75-year-old Mary Carlton is depressed.
She feels.
Her life has no use if he dies.
She starts reading her diary.
Which the film jumps to.
She feels.
She has to hide her love  fearing she will disapprove because of their social class differences.
Mary lives and grows up to be a lady with manners.
John is a working class employee.
They are outrageous.
When her parents find out.
They forbid her.
However  Mary tells them.
She only loves John and will never marry anybody if she ca nt see him anymore.
Her father William locks her.
She stops being a rebel.
Meanwhile  she receives a letter.
Who announces he has been fired.
Later that night  John sneaks by the balcony and announces.
He will leave.
Her parents wo nt ever talk again.
William comes in.
They can leave.
He tells Mary.
He will send her to live with her grandmother.
Mary writes a farewell letter and sneaks off.
He leaves the room.
It s 1870  she lives with John in a poor house.
He works all day.
Mary is giving birth.
One day  a gang threatens to kill John.
He wants to surrender.
They wo nt kill Mary and the baby as well.
Mary demands him to fight.
He does.
His wife tells him and eventually defeats the gang.
Years pass.
Mary celebrates her 39th birthday and is having contact with her family again.
She finds out.
John is having a mistress  Estelle.
Mary feels humiliated.
Estelle makes things worse.
When she confronts Mary.
Mary grants her husband a divorce.
He does nt want to leave her.
He admits.
He has had an affair  but that it did nt mean anything.
They reunite.
John announces he has lost all.
The film goes back to present.
Where Mary is told her husband has recovered.
Secrets.
Com databaseSecrets.
Produced. 
<EOS>
Ignoring Professor Farnsworth s orders to conserve fuel  Leela borrows the Planet Express ship to enter a demolition derby after being insulted by rednecks.
They win it  however the ship is wrecked  but due.
The fuel has been used.
Leela is fitted with a shock collar to teach her anger management.
Meanwhile  Bender finds Cubert and Dwight playing Dungeons & Dragons.
He can not join in.
He has no imagination.
Bender manages to imagine himself as a medieval knight named Titanius Anglesmith  fancy man of Cornwood and enters the game.
Unfortunately  he soon gets lost and goes on a rampage  resulting in his commitment to the Hal Institute for Criminally Insane Robots.
The crew learns.
Mom  who controls the world s only Dark Matter mine  is restricting the supply in order to drive up profits.
The Professor reveals.
While working  he stumbled on a way to turn dark matter from a useless curiosity into starship fuel.
The process created two energy crystals.
They will render all dark matter useless.
The two crystals are brought together.
Farnsworth has forgotten.
Where he hid his crystal.
It is being used.
Mom determines its location and sends her sons Walt  Larry and Igner.
To retrieve it.
They are owl exterminators.
Farnsworth foils their attempt.
They do not know how to exterminate owls.
Farnsworth  Fry  and Leela fly.
Order to neutralize the dark matter.
Reaching Mom s mine  the trio discovers the heart  thousands of captive Nibblonians  including Nibbler  being force fed chickens.
Order to collect their excreted dark matter.
Igner spots them  having earlier overheard Mom telling his brothers a secret  and helps them reach Mom s office.
Farnsworth tries to bring his and Mom s crystals together  but swallows his.
Bender is diagnosed with insanity and is due for a Robotomy.
Order to remove his imagination processor.
The closeness triggers a resonance in all dark matter -- including a stockpile -- and catapults all the characters into Cornwood  the realm Bender imagines himself to be from.
Bender has stored.
The other members are transported as well.
Frydo and Leegola emerge first and encounter Titanius  no one has any memory of their real-world lives  except for Fry and Leela.
The three are attacked.
Who are trying to recover the anti-backwards crystal.
Frydo drops the crystal.
Fighting them off.
Rolls and magically banishes the sons from the area to the Swamp Hag s swamp.
Frydo and company meet the wizard Greyfarn.
Who explains that  the anti-backwards crystal is known as the Die of Power.
The evil snake-haired sorceress Momon molded a set  but lost this one and has been trying to locate it.
She can tap its immense potential.
The only way to stop Momon is to enter her lair and throw the Die into the lake of molten plastic from  destroying it.
It was formed.
The intersexual  pacifist centaur Hermaphrodite bars their passage.
The group sets out.
The centaurs are opposed that Frydo and company intend to do.
However  he is easily pushed aside.
Who leads everyone.
Gynecaladriel  Queen joins their quest and seduces the guard  enabling them to enter the Cave.
They approach.
A horde of Morcs attacks followed by a gigantic lobster creature  and the wormlike Tunneling Horror.
Leegola brutally cuts.
Frydo defeats using the Die.
Leegola renounces violence.
Frydo becomes obsessed.
Zoidberg was not the tunnelling horror.
That night  Frydo makes a botched attempt to murder the other members   he flees with the die.
When foiled.
The remaining travelers journey to raise an army against Momon  only to find.
Roberto  its insane king  has already sent his men.
The heroes defend the kingdom alone.
Waltazar and Larius lay siege.
Leegola regains her violent nature and rallies the centaurs to help her friends.
Frydo makes his way  Frydo can not bring himself to destroy the Die  so Zoidberg bites him to force him to drop it.
Momon becomes a dragon and goes.
It turns Frydo as well.
When it stops rolling.
The rest arrives  along with Ignus   he is Greyfarn s son.
Who reveals a secret Momon told his brothers.
Overwhelmed  Greyfarn falls on the Zoidberg creature  allowing Momon to seize the Die.
Cornwood collapses in  hurling the characters back into the real world.
Back in the Professor s stomach  Mom once again.
Orders Walt and Larry to retrieve it.
The Professor requests a hug from Igner.
Mom complies  saying someone should hug him.
She never has.
Igner had swallowed Mom s crystal.
The Professor had theorized.
The hug brings the crystals close enough to render all dark matter useless  breaking Mom s stranglehold on the fuel supply.
The crew harnesses dozens of Nibblonians to pull their ship home.
They call Nibbler Power.
<EOS>
Frances Lawrence is about to turn 17 years old and is break between her junior and senior years of high school.
She resists the pressure to go manhunting and laments the days.
When the girls had fun together.
Frances also rejects her parents wishing to fix her up.
Flat-Chested tomboy Frances meets surfer Moondoggie.
She quickly becomes infatuated.
He shows no romantic interest  however Frances is more attracted to surfing.
Francie importunes her parents for $ 25 for a used surfboard.
Russ and Dorothy Lawrence grant their daughter s request.
The gang dubs their female associate Gidget  a portmanteau word based.
She associates.
Kahuna is a Korean War Air Force veteran twice the age.
Who was fed up.
He travels the hemisphere surfing.
Moondoggie admires Kahuna and wants to emulate him.
His self-made father planned.
Kahuna and Gidget enjoy each other s company.
He can survive an aimless and lonely existence.
She questions.
Whether if Kahuna knew then what he knew now would he still make the same lifestyle choice.
Kahuna later reflects after the death of his only friend  the pet bird.
Hoping to make Moondoggie jealous  Gidget hires one.
Her plan backfires.
When the surfer she hired pawns than Moondoggie  unaware that he was the one Gidget wanted to make jealous.
Gidget lies and tells Moondoggie.
It is Kahuna that she wants to make jealous.
They have a romantic evening.
Eventually Moondoggie says something  she runs and agrees to take him to a nearby beach house.
Upsets Gidget and  as she flees the luau.
Alone tries to make Kahuna take her virginity.
Amused  Kahuna attempts to call Gidget s bluff but finds himself falling under her spell.
Realizing he s been put  Kahuna throws her out of the beach house.
What he was about to do and angry.
As Moondoggie arrives.
Gidget is mortified and escapes out the back.
The cops are called to break up the fight and  after leaving the beach house  they find Gidget stranded with a flat tire and without her driver s license.
They bring her.
Gidget s father  having heard decides to take over control of her social life  and orders her not to see the surfer gang again.
She falls.
Which mother shows her a tapestry.
Mr Lawrence arranges a date for Gidget with Jeffrey Matthews.
Frances grudgingly accepts.
Matthews turns out to be Moondoggie.
The two return.
He s taken a job.
Moondoggie and Gidget realize.
They feel and  as an act of romantic devotion  Moondoggie asks Gidget to wear his class pin.
Kahuna cheefully warns Moondoggie.
Gidget is quite a woman.
<EOS>
Sam Thorell calls.
Dori Thorell and her 9-year-old son  Danny  eat breakfast.
Ballerina Diane Agostini is.
When a blender shakes off the counter.
Dismissing it  she ends the call and rushes off.
Public defender Evie Lincoln talks.
That evening  tremors cause a gas leak.
Fire Chief Thomas Ahearn sends his crew inside.
The electricity is still.
The building explodes  killing several men.
Evie s grandmother Emily Lincoln chastises her for being late.
Her father  Mayor Bruce Lincoln  coerces her.
The next day  Ahearn drops his daughter  Christine  off.
She expresses annoyance.
Joshua is found not guilty of murdering his invalid wife.
Diane meets her father to get money.
She catches a cab driven.
When she leaves.
An earthquake hits the city  toppling many buildings and structures.
Nikolai s cab is smashed.
A gas main explodes pushes up between them.
Diane saves his life.
He falls and catches.
The train Evie and Joshua are riding derails after the tunnel collapses.
Diane  accompanied by Nikolai  goes back to the restaurant and finds her father fatally injured.
He dies he is proud of her.
Joshua wants to leave the badly injured driver and any other survivors  but.
To get out.
He can convince Evie and the others to leave they hear someone calling.
Chief Ahearn returns to find the building partially collapsed.
He contacts Jillian Parnell  a reporter for.
Who is flying  to get an update on the situation.
Both 1 Police Plaza and City Hall have collapsed.
He asks them to come pick him up.
An injured Emily wakes up to find a teenage boy  but moves to try to find a way out after seeing.
She helped get a job there is searching her wallet.
She is still alive.
Nikolai initially remains with Diane.
She tries to find her mother.
They eventually part ways.
Ahearn sees.
His daughter s school has collapsed  but continues where a temporary camp is being set up.
He finds the Mayor.
They agree to ignore Ahearn s resignation and put aside their differences to help the citizens.
A large break is causing hundreds of gallons of water to begin flooding into the subway system.
Ahearn goes after learning.
There are survivors.
Christine is.
She dies.
They can free her.
Emily learns.
The boy has no name  just a street name.
She asks him to take the name.
Who died.
He is able to escape through a break in the ceiling and get help.
Dori arrives.
Where she learns he is stuck.
Rescue efforts are failing.
Sam arrives.
Dori prepares to scale the building to save their son.
Diane finds looters.
Nikolai arrives and finds a note saying.
Her mother is.
The mayor arrives.
Where he learns his mother is dead.
He thanks Clayton and asks Ahearn to try to help the boy.
Who is despondent.
Allen  break from the others and find a ladder out.
Joshua climbs up.
Joshua breaks the ladder.
Allen is climbing.
He confirms Evie s growing suspicions.
He did kill his wife and attacks her.
He tries to escape up another ladder but an aftershock breaks it.
When he hears someone coming.
He is killed.
Evie points her rescuers.
Where the other survivors are waiting.
Dori successfully climbs the school.
Where Danny has to jump.
The cable breaks.
They land safely and are reunited with Sam.
The city is shown still being rebuilt a year later.
Mayor Lincoln and Ahearn are now close friends  Dori and Sam are shown teaching Danny.
To. 
Diane is a prima ballerina and married.
<EOS>
Alicia is a poor girl living.
He is able to follow his dream and moves his family near an artist s colony in the country.
When her father receives an inheritance.
There he falls prey  and he and his wife separate.
Alicia  meanwhile  has become involved.
Who is the widow s accomplice.
She throws.
The young man is a proponent  but he gets a little too free with Alicia.
She beans him.
She goes running back.
Her parents decide to reconcile.
Their separation obviously is nt doing their children any good.
<EOS>
Bill Forrester  a Canadian pilot serving  flies a de Havilland Mosquito  a two-seat fighter bomber.
Forrester is emotionally distraught and has become self destructive  seeking to end his life in action.
You d think  he explains.
Would be easy.
I just kept getting medals instead.
Bill begins to recover his emotional stability.
Forrester and his navigator  Carrington   with Flight Lieutenant Blore as passenger in the Mosquito s bomb bay  is forced to go down in a remote desert area of Burma s central plain.
The self destructive Bill finally realises.
When the three men struggle to survive.
He can depend from others and that he may have someone to live for.
Blore  however  abandons them and commits suicide.
<EOS>
The film follows.
13-year-old Kenny  his family and neighborhood deal.
It was filmed.
<EOS>
Concentrating  a war correspondent takes us through the preparations  landing and initial campaign on Guadalcanal during WWII.
<EOS>
Hamid Hamoun lives.
Who is an executive.
Who is a budding artist.
Mahshid hails but marries the middle class Hamoun after falling for his intellectual tastes and forward views.
Mahshid soon sees him as a constricting force against her desire to do something meaningful with her life.
Who once was very much with Hamoun.
Hamoun takes out his frustration.
Who wishes to pursue a career while simultaneously preparing for his PhD thesis  occasionally.
Mahshid soon demands divorce.
Hamoun is shocked to find out.
His wife loves him no more.
The story then depicts Hamoun s incapability to deal.
The subsequent scenes portray Hamoun s realisations.
Hamoun vigorously attempts to meet his teacher Ali.
Whom he greatly admires  but never does.
He then gives his grandmother a visit.
The purpose of which is to get a rifle which his grandfather had left.
Hamoun unsuccessfully attempts to kill his wife.
Who is now leading a good life.
Driven by helplessness  Hamoun tries suicide by drowning himself in the sea.
Hamoun goes.
Hamoun finds out  only.
All his problems have been solved.
<EOS>
National boundaries have been broken down.
Two giant super-states remain -- the bleak  oppressive  and totalitarian Hemisphere  and the sprawling and futuristic Megaville.
Megaville has an elected president.
The entire system is rife.
All forms are encouraged in Megaville.
This freedom has aided moral decay.
Lies the Hemisphere  whereas Megaville is clean and ordered.
Travel is restricted with few exceptions to the powerful.
An outwardly totalitarian regime governs the daily life.
The people live.
All forms are illegal in the Hemisphere.
Raymond Palinov is an unassuming citizen.
Palinov is loyal  he is career-minded and has achieved the rank of captain within the media police.
Palinov s methods are highly efficient.
Palinov finds himself drawn to a spaghetti western and can not pull away from it.
One destroys the television set with a sledge hammer.
Palinov is ostracized for the incident.
He begins to exhibit strange character traits.
Palinov nearly loses his job.
Which outlawed media recordings are shown as examples of contraband.
Palinov then appears to have a complete mental breakdown and loses consciousness.
Palinov is spared.
Whereas most agents would have been terminated.
Palinov is found to be exhibiting unusual brain activity and is sent.
Palinov explains.
He has been having bizarre flashbacks and seeing memories.
Dr Vogel tells Palinov a procedure.
He believes the strange behavior is due to media filth and initiates.
Will remove the unexplained brain activity and restore Palinov s personality.
The procedure does nt work.
Palinov s mental episodes become steadily worse.
Palinov is contacted with an infiltration assignment.
The Hemisphere war is about to intensify with news of the introduction of a new form of media.
It is known into their brain.
However  some customers have been left with psychosis or started new lives in a fantasy world.
The government has already deemed DAL legal.
Its use has become prevalent in the Megaville underworld known as Mr Newman.
Duprell explains.
Palinov bears a striking physical resemblance.
Palinov s mission is to assume Jensen s life and infiltrate the criminal underworld.
Discover who Newman is working  and who Newman s contacts are in the Hemisphere.
Palinov is implanted.
Order to assist his infiltration.
Palinov meets Jensen s jilted lover  Christine  a former demolitions expert.
Who went AWOL.
Christine demands  she will open up a briefcase and kill both of them.
Jensen take her.
He does not.
Christine and Palinov travel to Megaville and meet Newman.
Who refuses to reveal any information.
Meanwhile  the president   is assassinated.
Who has decided DAL is not safe.
Palinov suspects.
Mr Newman is involved.
The only witness is the president s personal aide.
Who is now permanently trapped.
The aide is shot by Newman.
When Palinov attempts to remove the headset.
Duprell contacts Palinov in his brain and informs him to close the deal with Newman.
His mother will die  Duprell explains.
He no longer wants to stop DAL but now wants.
Palinov refuses.
Duprell attempts to kill him.
Palinov s mother saves him  but is then murdered.
However  she reveals the truth  she is not his mother.
She dies.
He is actually Jensen.
Palinov escapes into the Mojave desert   all except Palinov are killed in a.
Where they are pursued.
Duprell has been watching Palinov.
Palinov finally realizes.
Palinov uses a DAL device.
That Duprell will see Palinov s fantasy.
Palinov says.
All the evidence is in a briefcase at Christine s apartment.
Duprell opens it and detonates the bomb inside.
Newman reveals and claims.
He is Jensen s biological father.
He wishes they had spent more time together.
Newman then notices.
He is now trapped.
<EOS>
FBI Special Agent Clarice Starling is unjustly blamed for a bungled drug raid.
Starling and her connection.
Whom Lecter left.
Verger uses his immense wealth and political influence to have Starling reassigned and meets with her in his mansion.
Verger is pursuing an elaborate scheme to capture  torture and kill Lecter  and hopes.
Starling s involvement will draw him out.
Indeed  Lecter sends her a taunting letter.
Starling detects a strange fragrance.
The letter contains no clue.
A perfume expert later identifies.
She contacts the police departments.
Where the shops are located.
One is Florence  Italy.
Where Chief Inspector Rinaldo Pazzi is investigating the disappearance.
Pazzi questions Lecter  and now caretaker.
Who is masquerading.
Pazzi accesses the FBI s ViCAP database of wanted fugitives.
He learns.
Lured  Pazzi ignores Starling s warnings against trying to capture Lecter alone.
He recruits a pickpocket to obtain a fingerprint to show as proof of his whereabouts and thus collect the reward.
The pickpocket is mortally wounded  but manages to get the print and provides them to Pazzi  Verger.
Who in turn contacts.
Lecter then baits Pazzi  ties him up with electrical cords  and hangs and disembowels him  before escaping back to the United States.
Verger bribes Justice Department official Paul Krendler to accuse Starling.
Lecter lures Starling.
Who have followed Starling  capture Lecter and transport him.
Starling   infiltrates Verger s estate.
When her superiors refuse to act.
Verger means to have Lecter eaten alive.
Starling intervenes to free Lecter but is herself wounded.
Lecter rescues her.
Verger furiously orders his private physician Cordell to shoot Lecter  but instead Lecter persuades Cordell to throw his hated employer.
Where he is eaten alive.
Lecter takes a sedated Starling and treats her wounds.
He is subdued and drugged.
When Krendler arrives.
Starling  disoriented and dressed in a slinky black velvet cocktail dress  wakes to find Lecter cooking and Krendler in a wheelchair seated at the table set for an elegant dinner.
Weakened  she looks on in confusion and horror.
Lecter removes the top  cuts out part of his prefrontal cortex  sautees it and feeds Krendler his own brain before finally killing him.
Starling tries to attack Lecter but is quickly overpowered.
She manages to handcuff his wrist.
Lecter brandishes a meat cleaver and severs his left hand to escape.
Lecter is later seen on his pull-down table.
A young boy seated next asks to try some of his food.
He prepares to eat his meal.
Lecter lets.
The boy eat some  telling him that it is important  always to try new things.
<EOS>
The film opens.
Who is still.
She soon leaves.
Brad is left alone.
He hears.
Several suspected dirty bombs have been detonated.
He exits his house and sees large amounts and gets into his car to drive towards the city center.
Order to find her.
Brad tries to contact her  but only receives a busy signal.
He soon finds.
Most roads now have police blockades.
An ash covered car is stopped.
One policeman notices Brad watching and goes over to him to tell him to go back home.
The police officers aim their weapons.
He gets out and demand that he get back.
He ignores their warning and is shot down.
Brad decides to leave and go back home.
When he encounters a small boy called Timmy who is watching the rising smoke.
Brad tells him to run home as fast.
He can as it is not safe where he is.
Brad.
Home Alvaro enters the house and asks.
He can stay as there is no one at the neighbor s house where he was working.
They hear.
The authorities advise people to seal up their homes.
The contaminated dust cloud reaches them.
Brad and Alvaro then proceed to seal up the house.
He takes some and leaves them outside the back door with some food and water.
It becomes increasingly more obvious that Lexi might not come home.
Brad and Alvaro then proceed to seal off the front door.
Radio newscasts claim.
The bombs contained several toxins and an unknown viral strain.
Lexi has been involved but is still alive.
She walks home still covered.
Brad realizes.
Alvaro so does not let her.
Lexi becomes desperate believing.
Brad had planned to lock her out.
She loses her temper and throws her cell phone  breaking it.
Brad and Alvaro both rush to cover up the breakage and seal it off.
Together they manage to calm down Lexi.
Brad then seals.
That Lexi can get.
Lexi receives a call.
Who realizes that she was.
Her pleas to go to a hospital fall on deaf ears.
Lexi tells her that the rest is seeing news that is not reflecting the reality of the situation.
A car alarm goes off revealing Timmy standing next.
Lexi calls him over.
Brad seals off another part to clean off the ash up in the bathroom.
Alvaro soon decides to leave the house.
He needs to be.
Brad tries to convince him to stay.
The last is him walking down the road slowly getting covered by the ash.
We see.
Lexi hears a noise.
A masked man appears.
Who reveals himself to be Rick.
He tells Lexi.
There is a ship.
Lexi  Rick and Timmy leave.
Brad hears newscasts.
The bombs contained a hybrid viral strain that attacks the respiratory system.
That same night Brad is visited.
He asks Brad several questions.
Well his house has been sealed.
Who else is there/has been there  and if there had been any contact and anyone on the outside.
Brad mentions the.
Lexi had thrown.
The marshall demands a sample off the phone.
Marshall tells Brad.
He will soon be back and that his wife should under no circumstances be let into the house.
We hear him recite the home s address and say Red Tag.
The marshall leaves.
Lexi returns home the next day and sees the red tag placed outside the house.
Lexi tells Brad.
Timmy was treated and that she saw five men get shot.
Lexi rings her brother Jason.
That she can have someone to talk to pass the time  after she could not cope with talking to her mother who is frantic with worry about her.
The next couple are spent with Brad and Lexi on either side of their back door talking to each other about.
What they will do  assuming that they survive this crisis.
Brad imagines shows.
They will both probably end up on one of those morning talk.
Where everyone goes to reveal their woes.
Troops appear and grab Lexi while preventing Brad from coming outside to interfere with them.
The soldier manages to calm Brad down and explains.
Because Brad did such a good job sealing up the house there was no new air to circulate through.
The virus has now multiplied.
The air has become lethal.
Brad does nt understand and insists.
What the soldier is saying.
They bring his wife back.
The marshall tells.
Him Please do nt struggle.
A large heavy piece is put over the back door.
Completely covers it.
A hole is drilled.
A pipe appears.
A gas starts to be pumped.
More boards seal the windows and doors.
Brad manages to break down the plywood covering his front door  only to discover.
A fumigation tent has been erected.
He tries to tear and is knocked unconscious by the rifle butt of a soldier.
Lexi screams Brad s name.
The camera cuts to Brad.
He takes his last few breaths.
Lexi is sitting.
Who says Say a prayer.
The film closes to say anything  her cell phone ringing.
<EOS>
Vittorio  nicknamed Accattone  leads a mostly serene life.
His prostitute  Maddalena  is hurt and sent to prison.
Finding himself for working himself  he discovers the naive Stella and tries to lure her into prostituting herself for him.
Hesitant  she later embraces her new profession more willingly.
However  it is too late.
Who   is killed in a traffic accident when he tries to evade the police on a stolen motorcycle.
<EOS>
George and Marion Kerby are as rich.
They are irresponsible.
They wake up.
When George wrecks their classy sports car.
Realizing  they decide.
They are nt because they ve never been responsible enough to do good deeds or bad ones.
Freeing their old friend Cosmo Topper will be their ticket into heaven.
Cosmo Topper  a wealthy Wall Street banker  is trapped.
Worse still  Clara  his social-climbing wife  seems only to care.
He buys George s flashy sports car.
George and Marion die.
Soon he meets the ghosts.
Immediately they begin to liven up his dull life.
The escapades lead quickly.
The ensuing scandal alienates his wife Clara.
However  she fears.
When Cosmo moves out.
She has lost him forever.
Her loyal butler suggests  she decides and dons the lingerie and other attire.
She lighten up a bit.
He s right.
Cosmo and Clara are happily reunited.
Cosmo has a near-death experience and nearly joins George and Marion.
George and Marion  their good deed done  gladly depart.
<EOS>
A young female journalist is researching an article.
Who were forced to work during the early 20th century.
She locates Osaki  an elderly woman.
Who lives.
Osaki agrees to tell her life story.
The film goes to the early.
A young Osaki   takes a job as a maid in Sandakan  British North Borneo.
What she believes to be a hotel.
The establishment is actually a brothel called Sandakan.
Osaki works  but is forced by the brothel s owners to become a prostitute.
Osaki stays until World War II.
She never experiences genuine affection outside of a brief romance with a poor farmer.
Who abandons her when he makes his fortune.
Osaki is able to return to Japan  but because of her experiences at Sandakan 8 she is shunned and treated like a pariah.
<EOS>
Pietro Paladini and his brother Carlo  a fashion designer  rescue two women.
Pietro s wife dies unexpectedly at home.
Pietro falls into a state of Quiet Chaos.
Is marked.
The manager is absent and spends his days waiting in the park.
Is. 
All the while  the widower stays very calm and is a focal point for his wife s sister Marta  his brother and.
Who are affected.
It is the rebirth.
Who was once a tough manager.
<EOS>
Jack enlists  joins the crew of HMAS.
He takes part.
Where the Australian cruiser destroys the German light cruiser.
<EOS>
A female reporter  Nagako Kita is fired.
To make money she hides.
A weekly magazine publishes photos  and offers a prize to the person who discovers her.
A group embezzlers  So Yamamura  Eiji Funakoshi  and Sotoji Mukui employ Mukui s younger sister Fukiko as a fake employee at the bank and plan to make her disappear and blame the crime on her.
When the real woman appears again.
She finds him dead.
When she contacts Mukui.
Fukiko pulls a gun.
She contacts the policeman.
Who was fired.
Who is now a private detective.
<EOS>
Josey returns to her hometown in northern Minnesota with her children  Sam and Karen  after escaping from her abusive husband.
She moves.
Hank is ashamed.
Who became pregnant  and believes that this was the result of Josey being promiscuous.
The townspeople believe the same.
Causes them not to allow Josey to blend in.
Her only friends are Glory and Glory s boyfriend Kyle Dodge.
Glory   aids Josey.
Who works.
Glory and Kyle also allow Josey to stay with her children  due to Josey s bad relationship with her father.
Josey quickly befriends the other female workers.
Include Glory  Sherry and Big Betty  and becomes.
Who also works.
Her attempts to stop the provocations only worsen it.
Soon all the women are being verbally and physically abused.
Josey is also sexually harassed.
She quits and asks Bill White  a friend and also a lawyer - to help her file a lawsuit against the company.
Even the mine s board refuses to hear Josey s complaints about the way women are treated at the mine.
Bill tells her.
The best way to win a case like this is.
The women  however  are hesitant.
This would mean risking their jobs  and refuse.
Josey also discovers.
Glory has ALS Hank is disappointed.
Alice leaves him  tired.
Was not her fault.
Hank later attends a union meeting.
Josey appears  hoping to address the miners and explain her reasons.
Hank stands up and reprimands his co-workers for their rude treatment of Josey and all the women at the factory.
When they refuse to hear her and start verbally abusing her.
The mine s lawyers attempt to hold Josey s so-called promiscuous past against her  and have Bobby Sharp testify on.
Sam is the fruit.
Josey then reveals the truth   they were caught skipping class and kissing and were forced to stay after class as punishment.
When she and Bobby were.
Bobby left first to start up his car  intending to give Josey a ride.
When detention ended.
Josey was attacked and raped.
He was away.
Bobby witnessed the rape and not knowing  he left the school quickly.
What to do.
Josey got pregnant  but refused to abort the baby or give it away  and had Sam.
Josey s lawyer Bill gets Bobby to admit.
He is lying being consensual.
Glory has come.
Her husband reads a letter saying she stands.
Other women then stand up to support Josey s complaint.
They are followed.
The mining company loses the case and is forced to pay the women for  in addition to establishing a sexual harassment policy at the workplace.
What they suffered.
Josey  vindicated  thanks Bill.
He has done to teach Sam how to drive  telling him that she intends to buy him a car on his 18th birthday.
<EOS>
Alison Parker  a beautiful but severely neurotic fashion model moves.
Has been divided.
The house is inhabited by Father Halloran  a reclusive blind priest.
Who spends all.
Alison begins having strange physical problems   and has some terrifying flashbacks of her attempted suicide.
She complains.
The house is occupied.
The behavior becomes increasingly surreal and disturbing.
It turns out.
The building is owned  and is a gateway to Hell.
The blind priest is the guardian.
Who ensures that the demons do not escape.
The priest is nearing the end.
A new guardian is needed.
The society has chosen Alison.
Her two suicide attempts qualify her.
She is told.
She must pay by becoming the next Sentinel  and only by doing so she will be allowed into Heaven.
Alison is confronted by her neighbor Charles Chazen and all of the minions of Hell.
Is her boyfriend  Michael.
Who was secretly killed earlier and is damned.
Alison is chased by grotesque and deformed creatures.
She runs.
Where the demons corner her.
Chazen hands her a knife and convinces her to commit suicide to avoid this torment.
Father Halloran and another priest  Monsignor Franchino  enter the room.
Franchino supports the infirm Halloran.
He wields a large crucifix.
They work their way and reach Alison.
Where they prevent her suicide.
She takes the crucifix  and sits down in Father Halloran s chair.
The brownstone is demolished and replaced with a new  more modern apartment complex.
Mrs Logan  the realtor  attempts to persuade a young couple to move.
The couple asks.
Mrs Logan explains.
There are only two  a violin player and an old  blind nun.
The nun is Alison  now blinded.
Who sits.
<EOS>
A teenager finds himself questioning the things.
Have given his life meaning.
Roy Chutney is a high school senior.
Roy does not have an especially close relationship.
He has not seen his father.
That does not prevent Roy.
When he learns that his father has killed himself.
Roy s self-esteem takes a beating.
When he is cut shortly afterward.
Gid thinks  encouraged  Roy agrees.
Roy has potential  and asks him to join his team.
He persuades Tracy to tag along.
He finds.
Playing hardscrabble six-man football helps restore Roy s.
It does not answer his questions with Skyla.
Roy starts to wonder just.
When Gid s overwhelming interest begins to lend credence to the rumors that Gid is gay.
He was asked to join the team.
<EOS>
Mickybo and Me tells the story  obsessed with the film Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid.
The children dream.
When The Troubles plague Northern Ireland.
Sundance ChannelMickybo and Me Movie Review.
<EOS>
An 18-year-old boy named  he is known as the Wind Chaser locally because of his running capabilities.
Dapunta is almost ready to graduate.
He and his mother Dakunta want him to go.
His father - the leader - refuses to allow it.
Dapunta decides to go.
His crush Nyimas and teacher Damar help him  motivating him to practice his running.
That he can use athletics to enter the university.
However  his classmate Yusuf - - is also training  he sabotages some.
Who has similar running abilities.
Meanwhile  the headmaster attempts to limit Dapunta s training out for his father.
A month later  Damar s friend Ferdy  a trainer  comes to Lahat looking to participate in the upcoming Southeast Asian Games.
He takes and further trains him.
His father relents and allows Dapunta to follow his dreams.
Dapunta is able to represent his country in Palembang.
<EOS>
The film is based.
The Communist Party of the Soviet Union sends Aleksey to Caucasus Mountains to help organize an armed uprising.
<EOS>
Loosely inspired  The film opens on a bizarre Satanic ritual being conducted by a long-haired hippie type named Horace Bones.
Nude and freaked out are oblivious to the fact.
They re being watched.
One is pregnant and is not taking part in the ritual  she sees Sylvia and drags her into the clearing.
Where Horace freaks out that their ritual has been observed.
A more recent member admits.
He met Sylvia and invited her along  prompting Horace to violently hit him.
Sylvia becomes frightened and runs away.
Two other members chase after her and catch her in the woods.
Where they brutalize her.
The next morning  Sylvia emerges.
She is found.
Who runs the small town s bakery.
Is Pete  Sylvia s younger brother.
Who appears to be.
Together  they take Sylvia back home.
Where she lives.
Mildred is sure --  the only other people in the area are the construction crew working on a dam near the town.
Her boyfriend will know who victimized Sylvia.
Mildred drives and informs her boyfriend.
Who works.
He tells her he will look.
Meanwhile  Horace and his group have discovered.
Their van is now broken down and useless.
They abandon it and walk to the town on foot.
The first thing is the bakery.
They see.
Mildred sells them meat pies  throwing as a kindness for them.
Horace tells them.
He and his friends are rock musicians stranded there.
He asks.
Where they can seek shelter.
Mildred explains.
Valley Hills only has a few residents  most long gone.
Only she and a few others remain  awaiting the demolition.
Horace and the others move into one of the abandoned houses  smashing things and hunting the many rats inside of it for food.
Pete follows them.
Sylvia has come out.
When he returns home.
What happened.
Pete overhears and reveals.
He knows where the hippies are staying.
Banner takes a shotgun and sets out.
They disarm him and brutalize him  forcing LSD.
When Banner encounters the hippies.
Pete   overhears the incident.
Who has followed Banner.
Horace apparently wants to kill Banner  as well as Pete.
A female member named  fearing intervention.
Sue-Lin convinces Horace to let them go.
Banner is tripping.
When he gets home.
Pete is distressed.
Sylvia explains.
The hippies dosed him.
Pete becomes angry.
Taking the shotgun  he goes.
The first thing is a wild dog.
He encounters.
Is apparently rabid.
Pete kills it and returns later.
Using a syringe  he takes infected blood.
The next day  he injects the rabid blood  as a means of getting back at the hippies.
The hippies return and purchase the meat pies.
As Pete planned.
Back  Horace and the others eat the meat pies.
Andy is the only one -- he is uneasy.
Who does not partake.
He wants to disassociate himself  leaving the house.
The others begin to show signs.
Eventually they lapse.
Rollo  a member  takes a dagger and stabs.
Another group member named Roger with it.
He rushes out into the yard and finds an axe  returning to chop off Roger s leg with it.
Horace also turns violent  grabbing a sword and threatening other members.
A female hippie named.
Molly becomes terrified and rushes off.
Construction workers sent there.
Molly uses her sex appeal to insinuate herself.
She spends the rest.
Finally  Molly begins to freak out  biting one.
Two other construction workers are killed.
When they venture and encounter a now-crazed Horace  who hangs one of them and guts the other.
Banner discovers.
What is going.
Andy returns and hides out in their barn  after making peace with Sylvia  they are discovered in the barn by Andy.
Who admits what he s done.
Andy explains  so he is not infected.
He did nt eat the pies.
Banner has informed others.
The next day they are joined.
Banner  Oakes  and Mildred s boyfriend all discover.
The hippies  all homicidally crazy and prone to mindless acts of violence.
Even two seemingly gentle hippie girls  one  happen upon a woman s home.
They wind up cutting off her hand.
When she takes them.
Oakes and the others discover.
Water terrifies the rabids.
They are nearly killed.
They reach a water-filled quarry  which frightens them off.
Andy helps Sylvia and Pete escape.
They discover Banner dead.
They happen.
Running. 
Who impales herself after she learns she has rabies.
They discover Rollo and Horace lurking  fortunately they become interested in each other  allowing the normals to escape.
When they emerge.
Rollo and Horace clash  each.
Rollo impales Horace.
Andy  Sylvia and Pete discover.
Mildred barricaded.
She is too afraid to let them inside.
Andy has been beheaded.
When she finally manages to undo the barricade.
Sylvia and Pete retreat to the basement of the bakery.
Unfortunately they can not lock the basement door.
A rabid gets inside.
Mildred shoots him.
They rush out and try to drive away in Mildred s car.
It wo nt start  the crowd converge on them and overturn the car.
Just then  Oakes arrives  and soon all of the rabids have been shot dead.
Mildred  Sylvia  and Pete all emerge.
Motion Picture Purgatory  I drink your Blood.
<EOS>
Lionel Evans is the director.
The city is attacked by German troops.
Where they are playing.
They are captured.
When Evans and his musicians try to escape.
Arndt.
Evans and the orchestra are taken.
Where they are to bide their time.
Arndt s superior  Gen.
Schiller  is a big classical music fan.
Schiller commands Evans and his symphony to prepare a special concert.
Evans realizes  he and his musicians will be killed.
The moment the concert is over.
<EOS>
Spoiled son Andrew Kane competes.
Kane is convicted  but later exonerated.
<EOS>
A young journalist presses an old artist to show portrait.
He has.
The body is a flashback to Xochimilco  Mexico  in.
The film is set right.
Xochimilco is an area.
The viewer learns.
The woman is Maria Candelaria  a young Indian woman who is constantly rejected by her own people for being the daughter of a prostitute.
She and her lover  Lorenzo Rafael  face.
Constant struggles.
They are honest and hardworking  yet nothing ever goes right.
Don Damian  a jealous Mestizo store owner  prevents them.
Who wants Maria.
He kills a piglet.
Maria and Lorenzo plan to sell.
He refuses to buy vegetables.
Don Damian refuses to give the couple the quinine medicine necessary to fight the disease.
When Maria falls ill.
Lorenzo breaks.
He also takes a wedding dress.
Lorenzo goes for stealing.
Maria agrees to model.
The artist begins painting a portrait.
She refuses.
When he asks her to pose nude.
The artist finishes the painting.
They assume.
When the people see the painting.
It is Maria Candelaria and stone her.
<EOS>
Mom and Dad tells the story.
Who falls.
Talked. 
The girl requests hygiene books  however  the mother refuses.
The girl is not yet married.
The girl later learns Dan Blake.
The pilot has died.
She tears up a letter  and lowers her head.
She had been writing.
The film fades.
The film resumes  sending her into a state of despair.
When the girl discovers that her clothes no longer fit.
She takes advice.
Who had previously been fired.
Blackburn blames her mother  and accuses her of neglecting the sacred duty of telling their children the real truth.
Only then is the girl able to confront her mother.
The film then presents reels and charts.
Include graphic images - one natural and one Caesarian.
A second film was shown along with Mom and Dad.
Contained images portraying syphilis and venereal disease.
Mom and Dad is believed to have had a number  stillborn and other times put up for adoption.
Most typically concluded  sometimes.
Schaefer .
<EOS>
A few months landed on a research station and reactivates it  causing it to head towards Earth.
Ian Vashti greets his wife  Linda  after her 2-year assignment and unloads two new GN Drives and a new incomplete Gundam  the GNT-0000 00 Qan -LSB- T.
Has passed.
Who is still due to physical changes by the Innovators.
Marina Ismail and Shirin Bakhtiar inspect a colony construction facility.
Their shuttle was attacked  piloting a GNX-609T.
However Setsuna F.
Seiei arrives and destroys them  with Lockon in the cockpit stopping the assassin from killing Marina and left with Setsuna.
Meanwhile  the Earth Sphere Federation has found the research station heading and sends out GN-XIV s  led by Andrei Smirnov  to destroy it.
Kati Mannequin arrived the Celestial Being station with Patrick Colasour and encounter Veda and its surviving Innovades  now serving the Federation to maintain the mothership  and later meets a newly emerging Innovator  Descartes Shaman.
Pilots the GNMA-Y0002V Gadelaza  successfully destroys the ship.
Not long afterward  Earth s population experienced a series  with electronic vehicles and devices operating on their own.
Later Amia Lee arrived  only to have her left hand partly turned metal and encountered a man in a space suit reaching towards her.
She screams.
Billy Katagiri meets to analyze the young girl.
Whose body has partially assimilated.
Deducing  now dubbed the Extraterrestrial Living-metal.
The events occurring are related.
Setsuna and Louise s quantum brainwaves kept giving them ominous feelings about developing events.
Setsuna s concern magnified.
When Ptolemaios crew was unable to contact Allelujah and Marie.
Saji witness.
A blackout started screaming as the appearance of a man in a spacesuit appeared.
Saji knocked him down and escape and was shocked to reveal the man looked like Ribbons Almark.
Passing tossed Saji and was about to reach to Louise until Setsuna appeared and shot the man s visor.
He threw a plastique.
Setsuna kept.
Caused Ribbons to explode.
It shatters.
What has happened  which he replied.
A traveling Allelujah Haptism and Marie Parfacy were attacked and chased by living technology infected by the ELS.
They see a group  and a van.
Running away.
Are being assimilated.
Was previously destroyed regenerate itself.
Allelujah switches personalities to Hallelujah to manage the mental stress and cause the ELS to go after him  however Lockon Stratos arrived in the GN-002RE Gundam Dynames Repair and destroyed them.
Not long afterwards  the very same Jupiter research station had been destroyed reappeared.
They thought.
Celestial Being takes the offensive.
Setsuna heads out  along with Lockon in his new Gundam  the Zabanya  and Allelujah paired with Marie in the Gundam Harute and confront the ELS.
Problems began to arise.
When Setsuna is unable to fight the ELS due to quantum brainwave interference.
Compromised  00 Raiser s left arm and shoulder binders are hit and being slowly assimilated.
However  Tieria Erde arrives out 00 Raiser s infected left arm  allowing Setsuna and the team to escape.
Unknown  the ELS had begun launching its forces from Jupiter s Big Red Spot  sucking in Io and Ganymede.
Celestial Being arrived too late to save the Federation soldiers and engaged.
Setsuna executes Trans-Am Burst.
This is the dialogues to come that Aeolia Schenberg was conditioning humanity.
Unfortunately  Setsuna falls victim and is rendered comatose in the middle of battle  with the 00 Raiser being hit by the ELS from all directions.
Tieria is forced to reveal Raphael Gundam s backpack  GN-008RE Seravee Gundam II  and forcibly rips 00 Raiser s cockpit  handing it to Lockon.
Tieria tries to hold off the ELS.
It s.
Tieria s conscious mind returns desperately awaits at Setsuna s side to awaken.
The Ptolemaios crew and the Earth Sphere Federation witness the appearance of a large moon-size ELS  with Feldt announcing.
It will head in 92 days.
Saji tells Louise.
Who watch the whole situation.
He s going to help fight the ELS as the last line of defense.
The Federation launch a counterattack against the ELS using the Celestial Being ship s main cannon.
Kati   ordered to fire its main cannon.
Has damaged the ELS superstructure.
Tieria makes a request to Ian Vashti.
A miniature Veda terminal be installed to handle the massive amounts of information that would result from linking with the ELS again.
It was also the moment.
Mileina Vashti confesses her love.
Many of the Federation s Baikal-class ships and GNX-803T GN-XIVs were assimilated by the ELS.
Who subsequently created their own copies.
Zabanya and Harute then arrived to assist the ESF.
Lockon uses the Zabanya s GN Rifle Bits and GN Holster Bits to destroy the ELS en masse.
Allelujah and Hallelujah combined once again  enhancing the performance through the Marute System.
The ELS still overwhelms the ESF forces and assimilates many ships and Mobile Suits.
Andrei Smirnov noticed one heading straight for Earth and used Trans-Am in its overloading state  self-destructing his GNX and destroying the ELS ship it at the cost of his life.
Meanwhile   a still-comatose Setsuna lies in a dream-like state.
There  he has visions.
Setsuna then sees the flower  finding Feldt.
Feldt gave him and finally wakes up.
He sorties.
Setsuna fully recovered.
Feldt returns.
Patrick s GN-XIV was hit by an ELS and is slowly assimilated.
He prepares to self-destruct  when 00 Qan -LSB- T -RSB- blasts Patrick s GNX  saving him from assimilation.
The Harute was eventually assimilated.
Allelujah and Marie are forced to abandon Harute.
Setsuna attempts to communicate.
It is.
The ELS constantly thwart Setsuna s attempts.
Tieria  now a small hologram inside  tells Setsuna.
Trans-Am is necessary.
Graham Aker  now partially assimilated  decides to believe and sacrificed himself to create a large hole using Trans-Am for Setsuna to connect to the core of the ELS ship using the Quantum System.
He realized.
The attack was a misunderstanding as the ELS reacted violently when they encountered humans was their only means to understand humanity.
It also revealed.
They began searching the universe.
They reformed various planets and eventually found a new home  eventually setting out into the vast reaches of space to explore the universe.
The true intention of the ELS s arrival to Earth was understood.
The battle was halted.
Setsuna agreed to become humanity s liaison and used the 00 Qan -LSB- T -RSB- and quantize.
The ELS then used Setsuna s vision to alter the superstructure of their mothership  signifying the end of hostilities.
D.
A much younger Aeolia Schenberg speaking.
A.
Ray  the human base  of his plan and comments that humanity must unite.
They hope to have any chance.
Fifty years later  the flower is now a deep space station for intergalactic travel  with the ELS now co-existing with humanity.
A ship named.
Sumeragi is being prepared  being crewed by Innovators.
A Tieria type innovade can be seen floating.
The news correspondent is talking.
A blind and much older Marina is playing the piano and senses someone entering.
Who reveals himself  fulfilling his promise to see her again.
Setsuna tells a crying Marina.
He finally understands her message.
They share an emotional embrace.
Outside  an ELS winged.
00 Qan -LSB- T -RSB- covered emits GN Particles in an angelic fashion.
<EOS>
Natarajan is a Brahmin.
He is very protective going beautiful daughter Gayathri.
He filters all the people.
He often fears that the prospective tenant might romance.
Who come asking.
He rents out the house.
Who pretend to be good and later become a big headache.
Natarajan brings Subramani.
Who charades himself  a dreaded thug to vacate the students.
Incidentally Mani   was thrown out.
Who stays.
He refuses to marry his daughter.
Taking advantage  Mani befriends the five boys and starts staying with them.
Priya is the daughter.
She is engaged.
Priya comes to know.
Her fiancee is already married and had murdered his first wife.
Her father forces her to marry him to cover up his illegal activities.
She consumes poison just but was mistakenly kidnapped by Mani and Auto.
Now Priya becomes one more addition.
The rest is.
How they fall and how Mani saves her from the clutches of her dad and fiancee and marries her at the end.
<EOS>
The Movie is a movie within a movie.
The set-up is.
You are watching an Unsolved Mysteries type program.
Most consists of the contents of the tape with various experts breaking in.
To offer their opinions or whether it is a hoax.
The contents seem to be a made-for-television feature from the future about inter-species love  futuritistic inventors  and plans to destroy the world by aliens and the robots attempting to thwart them.
<EOS>
A story.
Who inherits a broken down estate  with no explanation about the former owners or what had become of the once thriving house.
He discovers the answers to the mystery  told in flashback.
The film combines the boy s search relevant to Peru in a confusing  but insightful manner.
<EOS>
Apoorvaragam is the story.
Roopesh has always been with Nancy  but has never had the nerve to express it.
Love is something.
Is. 
Tommy is the perfect Cupid.
Who would make things happen.
Slowly Roopesh and Nancy fall.
Tommy calls Nancy s father and informs him.
His daughter is dating someone.
Her daddy trusts her and so does not take this seriously at first.
But later  he decides to marry her off.
When he grows more suspicious.
He knows personally.
Nancy and Roopesh register their marriage.
Tommy makes a call again and informs him.
His daughter has got married.
Her father  comes and meet Roopesh.
He tells Roopesh.
He is ready to give any amount to withdraw from the relation.
Roopesh tells him.
He is not and is only doing this for money.
Roopesh demands Rs.
1 crore to back out.
Nancy s father gives it to save the child.
Roopesh  Tommy and their third companion Narayanan is later seen trying to do the same.
Roopesh gets with Nancy again and tells her the truth.
The trap was being set.
He steals their ransom money and gives it back to her dad in the hope to reunite with Nancy.
But Nancy revels.
She was only pretending to be because she wanted the money back and also that she wanted to break his heart in return.
She gets engaged.
Tommy and Narayanan follows them back and abducts Roopesh and Nancy.
Follows. 
He then calls Nancy s father to come and pick her up.
Roopesh bids her adieu and shoots himself.
When she was about to leave.
Nancy cries out loud suggesting.
She was still with Roopesh.
<EOS>
Stella Blackstone and her best friend Albert are twelve.
Open up a web link.
Checking. 
Opens a doorway through which an annoying ghost leaves his world and enters theirs.
They find.
They must help this ghost resolve his problems or put up forever.
<EOS>
Pearl Chavez is orphaned.
Her father Scott Chavez kills her mother  having caught his wife.
Chavez arranges for Pearl to live with his second cousin and old sweetheart  Laura Belle.
Arriving  Pearl is met by Jesse McCanles  one of Laura Belle s two grown sons.
He takes her.
The gentle and gracious Laura Belle is happy to welcome her.
Who calls her a half-breed and jealously despises her father.
The second son  Lewt  is a ladies man.
He expresses his interest.
She takes a strong dislike.
Laura Belle calls Pearl on.
To avoid the evils.
Pearl is determined to remain a good girl.
Pearl is angry and ashamed of her own behavior.
When she is overpowered.
But she also can not help but be flattered.
Jesse  meanwhile  is ostracized and no longer welcome at the ranch after siding with railroad men  headed by Mr Langford  against the Senator s personal interests.
Jesse is.
He leaves to pursue a political career and becomes engaged to Helen Langford  Langford s daughter.
Offended  Pearl takes up.
When Lewt reneges.
Who is smitten.
She does not love him but says yes.
However  Lewt picks a fight and guns him down.
They can be married.
He insists.
Pearl can belong only.
However  Lewt becomes a wanted man.
Lewt finds time to derail a train and occasionally drop by the ranch late at night and foist his attentions on Pearl.
She can not resist her desire and lies for Lewt to the law  hiding him in her room.
Laura Belle s health takes.
A turn admits his love for her before she dies.
Jesse returns to visit but is too late  his mother is dead.
The Senator continues to shun him.
Does Lewt  their family feud finally resulting.
Lewt tosses a gun.
He shoots Jesse.
It can be picked up.
The Senator s old friend  Lem Smoot tells him.
The old man softens up.
A livid Pearl is relieved.
Jesse is going to survive.
She invites Pearl to leave Spanish Bit forever and come live in Austin.
When Helen arrives.
Pearl agrees.
She is tipped off.
Lewt intends to come again.
She arms herself and engages in the desert.
Where they die.
<EOS>
John Radley s childhood was not a particular nice one  dad gone  mom abusive  bullied.
His pets had a tendency to die.
Only his first crush Gretchen ever treated him.
But this all ended.
Johnny ended up plunging down a dried up well to greet a rock floor.
He has been in Oakhurst State mental hospital for over a decade.
Left semi-comatose  with only his now distorted memories and nightmarish flashbacks.
<EOS>
Canaan  a mysterious gunfighter left nearly blind  roams through Mexico with a baby.
He has sworn to protect.
Where a family will supposedly adopt the baby.
Where U.
S.
Cavalry officers assigned to deliver a shipment are under attack from bandits.
Canaan steps in to help the soldiers.
<EOS>
The Mason family is enjoying Christmas dinner.
When Santa Claus comes down the chimney and kills them all.
This opening scene includes bit roles.
Riding  Santa arrives at Hell Township and proceeds to kill the locals in various holiday-themed ways.
Santa kills the occupants of a local strip club frequented by Pastor Timmons  a crooked minister.
Who manages to survive the massacre.
Later  Santa murders the local Jewish deli owner Mr Green using his own menorah.
Meanwhile  teenager Nicholas Yuleson is living.
Who has created a bunker.
He is shown The Book.
When Nicholas asks Grandpa why he hates Christmas.
Reveals the origins.
Apparently  Santa was the result.
Christmas was The Day for Santa.
An angel defeated Santa in a curling match and sentenced Santa to deliver presents on Christmas for 1000 years.
This means.
Santa is free to kill again.
Nicholas is taken to the police station for questioning.
He is bailed out.
Before Santa arrives and kills all.
Santa pursues them.
They are able to escape.
They flee  with Santa still in pursuit.
Nicholas and Mac manage to escape  care.
Grandpa is run over and killed.
The two teens hide in a local high school  hoping.
Santa s powers will end when Christmas ends  but are eventually forced to confront him.
They are almost killed on a Zamboni but are saved by Grandpa.
Who is actually the angel that originally defeated Santa.
His powers gone  Santa flees but his hell-deer are shot down by Mac s father with a bazooka.
Pastor Timmons is found dead and is presumed to be the killer.
The real Santa Claus is boarding a flight from Winnipeg to the North Pole.
Santa is looking over his naughty list .
When he looks and says Who s Next.
<EOS>
A boat   is temporarily stranded due to a possible cholera outbreak on board.
Was en route.
Are Alfred Davidson  a self-righteous missionary  his wife  and Sadie Thompson  a prostitute.
Thompson passes the time partying and drinking.
Sergeant Tim OHara  nicknamed as Handsome  falls in love with her.
Her wild behavior soon becomes more.
Mr Davidson confronts Sadie  resolving to save her soul.
Davidson has the Governor order.
When she dismisses his offer.
Her deported where she is wanted for an unspecified crime.
She begs Davidson to allow her to remain a few more days  her plan is to flee to Sydney  Australia.
She apparently experiences a sudden religious conversion and agrees to return to San Francisco and the jail sentence.
Is waiting there.
The evening  Sergeant OHara asks Sadie to marry him and offers to hide her.
She is to leave.
She refuses.
Later   the repressed Davidson succumbs and rapes her.
Native drums beat.
The next morning  he is found dead - a suicide.
Disillusioned by Davidson  Thompson switches back to her old self and goes off to Sydney with OHara to start a new life.
<EOS>
High school teacher Gayle Richardson finds out.
Her husband is cheating.
She murders both him and his mistress.
One year later  she has moved under an assumed name.
However  news starts to re-emerge  forcing her to embark on yet another killing spree to protect her identity and her crimes.
<EOS>
The film s events take place almost exclusively at Camp Firewood  a summer camp located near Waterville  Maine.
It is the last day.
Means counselors have one last chance to have a romantic encounter.
The summer ultimately culminates.
Beth  the camp director  struggles to keep her counselors.
Her campers alive --  an astrophysics associate professor.
Falling with Henry.
Henry has to devise a plan to save the camp.
Is falling.
Coop has a crush  but has to pry her away from her rebellious  obnoxious  and obviously unfaithful boyfriend  Andy.
Only Gene  the shell-shocked Vietnam war veteran and camp chef  can help Coop win Katie.
All the while  Gary  Gene s unfortunately chosen apprentice  and J.
J.
Attempt to figure out.
Susie and Ben attempt to produce and choreograph the greatest talent show.
Camp Firewood has ever seen.
<EOS>
Former peewee hockey coach Gordon Bombay is a star and is expected to make it to the NHL soon.
However   he returns to Minneapolis.
Bombay is then offered a chance a team representing the United States in the Junior Goodwill Games.
Team USA consists.
The lure becomes a distraction to Bombay.
Who begins to neglect the team.
Fortunately  easy victories come in the double-elimination tournament.
Fulton Reed and Dean Portman gain recognition for their enforcer skills  becoming known as the Bash Brothers.
Backup goaltender Julie asks Bombay.
He tells her to wait.
Current goalie Greg Goldberg is.
Reality sets.
When the team suffers an embarrassing 12-1 defeat.
Team USA plays badly.
Star center Adam Banks manages to score a goal but gets slashed later.
Frustrated  Bombay drives his players even harder.
They begin to suffer  completely exhausted.
His practice sessions are brutal and long.
Realizing  the team s tutor  Michelle McKay  intervenes.
The children are too tired to complete their school work or even stay awake.
She cancels the excessive practice and confronts Bombay.
The players come.
However  Bombay continues to suffer.
Jan  brother  personally visits him  and reminds him of how he used to love the game.
Bombay fails to arrive on time  forcing Charlie to tell the referee.
Michelle is actually Coach McKay.
They play poorly  entering the third period tied.
Bombay shows up and apologizes.
Inspired  the players come back to win the game and advance to the next round.
The renewed Bombay finally realizes Adam s wrist injury  benching him.
To fill the open roster spot  Charlie recruits street hockey player  Russ Tyler.
Whose unique knucklepuck secures USA s victory.
Adam s injury is healed and returns to Team USA s locker room  only to find.
They already have a full roster.
Charlie gives up his spot.
Adam can play  cementing his position.
Iceland appears to be out to dominate Team USA again.
They manage.
Unfortunately  the Ducks take penalties  Ken picks a fight after scoring the team s first goal  the Bash brothers celebrate this by fighting with the entire Iceland bench.
Dwayne lassoes an opposing player  about to check Connie.
Bombay is annoyed  it s a circus.
This is nt a hockey game.
The team emerges rejuvenated.
The Ducks manage to tie the game.
When Russ outsmarts Team Iceland  so as to prevent himself from being covered and pulling off a successful knucklepuck.
The game is forced to go.
Gunner Stahl is Team Iceland s final shooter.
Bombay knows.
Gunner favors shooting the glove side  and replaces Goldberg with Julie  who has a faster glove.
Gunner advances and fires a hard slapshot.
She slowly turns to look.
Julie falls.
The entire stadium waits.
She then opens her glove and drops the puck  signifying the game-winning save.
The Ducks triumph over Iceland to win the tournament.
The film concludes We Are the Champions as the credits roll.
<EOS>
Married at 20  Dr Balasubrahmaniam lives with his teenage son.
He does not want to follow his father and joins an engineering college.
He gets killed accidentally during ragging.
The upset father tries to get revenge.
<EOS>
The movie almost exclusively takes place.
Where people go and share their lives.
It soon becomes obvious.
The cafe is a programmed reality.
The programmer makes contact  telling him that he is an avatar and manipulating minor details of the world.
An exchange on the nature and purpose of the simulation takes place.
Examines common philosophical questions.
The avatar has to make a tough choice.
When a tragedy happens.
<EOS>
The pretty and quirky interior designer Michelle Kelly has convinced her struggling photographer boyfriend  August Loder.
To finally move in.
They re moving August out  the girl moving in mistakenly arrives to move in  she s a hot looking free-spirit named.
Hunter and August falls at first sight.
August and Hunter decide to help each other move in and out.
Their two very outrageous groups of friends tangle through conflicts and sex.
August tries to decide which girl he wants to be.
<EOS>
The residents take their cannibalistic carnival on the road and head to Iowa.
When this year s round fail to show up for their annual Guts N  Glory Jubilee.
Where they encounter spoiled heiresses Rome & Tina Sheraton and the cast and crew.
<EOS>
Madan comes.
Who is now.
Unable to find employment  he takes.
He develops a reputation and is one day found and escorted by a stranger named Pedro to the Star Hotel.
Where he meets the seductive dancer Leena and is offered a job to come and gamble at the club.
Initially reluctant to take up this offer due  he refuses and leaves.
He meets.
Who has opened a free clinic and helps him out in the treatment of his sister.
Who is suffering.
Both are attracted and soon fall head over heels in love.
Rajani s rich lawyer dad does not approve  nor of his background  and prefers Inspector Ramesh.
Rajani marry her childhood friend.
Who is.
Dejected and.
Who has been packed off.
He becomes friends and is seen discussing his troubles and thoughts with her.
She is obviously charmed by him and evidently has a soft spot for him.
Then Inspector Ramesh arrests Madan and imprisons him.
Who was killed on it.
The shooter intended to kill Madan.
Leena protected him and was killed instead.
Rajani s father had ordered the killing.
He did nt consider Madan suitable.
Rajani s father threatens Madan.
He will kill his sister if he says anything.
Madan keeps quiet and is sentenced to be hanged.
Inspector Ramesh finds some evidence.
It was nt Madan who killed Leena.
He sets a trap and leads him to believe  and in his joy  makes him confess to his plan to frame Madan.
Madan has been hanged.
Then  Rajani s father is arrested and imprisoned.
Madan is sent for indulging in gambling activities.
He is freed and is united with Rajani.
<EOS>
Three friends  Fred  Tyg and Grouch  set out to Wales.
Order to bring back a haul for Fred s friend The Chairman.
Soon turns.
What was meant to be a nice weekend.
They encounter revenge seeking bikers.
A giant masked wrestler.
Or maybe it s just those magic mushrooms.
They had.
<EOS>
Vic Cavanaugh gather together the $ 2 million.
They have stolen.
They learn.
It initially appears that there will be an easy getaway.
The roads are too icy to drive on.
Vic takes the cash.
They split up and try their best to evade being captured.
Who have discovered their scheme.
Charlie visits Sweet Cage  a local strip-club  owned.
Whom Charlie has long lusted.
She quickly deciphers.
He s hiding something.
He hints.
She suggests.
They go off together.
However  she tasks Charlie to find an incriminating picture  at a hotel.
They can do that.
Charlie goes there and runs Pete.
Who is married.
Pete is very drunk.
Tags along for as long as it takes for Pete to pass out.
Charlie goes back and gives her the photo.
She tells him.
Vic had called her earlier and said that Charlie had been right tailing the two of them.
Charlie goes and finds Vic s wife dead.
Vic arrives and reveals.
He s locked Roy.
The two stuff Roy   in Charlie s ex-wife s Mercedes and head for a local lake.
Roy continues yelling at the two of them.
Vic gets annoyed and shoots.
Charlie and Vic get the trunk down  but it s shot open from the inside.
Roy gets out  shooting Vic.
A shootout ensues  ending.
Charlie realizes  and leaves Vic to die.
Vic was going to kill Charlie and take the money.
Returning  Charlie finds.
Bill Guerrard himself has come and tied Renata up.
Charlie finds a shotgun and turns it on Guerrard.
Another shootout ensues.
Guerrard killed.
Charlie and Renata go back.
Charlie finds the money hidden there.
It s revealed.
Vic and Renata were planning to go off together after Vic had killed Charlie.
Charlie kills Renata.
Before she can kill him.
Charlie and Pete then drive off together  deciding to make new names.
<EOS>
Joshua Rose  a State Department Official  sees his wife and son killed in a bombing by suspected Islamic terrorists.
Immediately he storms into a nearby mosque and shoots several worshippers.
His friend Peter is forced to shoot one outside  with Joshua taking the name Guy.
When the man tries to kill Rose  and in order to avoid arrest they join the French Foreign Legion.
The film moves forward.
Where Guy and Peter are now fighting.
Guy mans a sniper post overlooking the bridge.
Witnesses Peter s death throws a grenade.
When Peter drops his guard.
Guy shoots a child crossing the bridge.
Guy is then seen searching the Muslim side following a ceasefire along with a Bosnian Serb soldier Goran.
They find an elderly Muslim woman.
Who is confined.
Guy also finds a dead woman.
Who has been hidden.
Who hacks a finger in order to steal her ring.
A helicopter attacks the town.
They leave the house.
Cover  but finds.
Goran takes.
Guy stays out  seemingly to find the baby.
Both the child and the old lady have been killed.
Later  Guy and Goran prepare with the Bosnian Muslim forces.
Vera  is visibly pregnant.
When they arrive prisoners being exchanged.
She was raped.
Guy and Goran take her.
They head.
Goran is abusive towards Vera for becoming pregnant by a Bosnian Muslim Army soldier.
Though Guy points out that she was almost certainly raped.
Goran eventually stops the car.
He throws Vera out and begins to kick her.
She lies.
The assault forces Vera.
Guy shoots and kills Goran.
Goran prepares to shoot the soon-to-be-born child.
He then helps deliver her baby.
She rejects it and attempts to shoot herself.
When he shows Vera the child.
Guy manages to stop her.
They continue.
Where she is rejected due to the shame felt by her father.
They leave the village  intending to head for a refugee camp.
Where Vera and the baby would be looked.
Vera continues to reject the child and does not communicate.
Goran s body has been found and that Guy must have killed him.
They eventually catch up.
When they stop to get milk.
Guy is shot and injured  but Vera places herself.
He goes to kill him.
Her father backs off and allows them to leave.
They briefly return to find  and have to watch from a distance and led away by Bosnian Muslim fighters.
It has been attacked.
Her family and other villagers are rounded up.
Guy decides to head in Split on the Dalmatian Coast.
They stop and take refuge with an elderly Croatian man and his Serbian wife.
The old man tells Guy -LSB- Serbs and Croats -RSB- no difference and now  stupid  pointing to his head to show madness.
They reach.
What they think is a relatively safe area.
Vera leaves Guy and the child to rest.
She goes to find a bus that will take them.
Vera is captured along by soldiers of Croatian Defence Council.
The Croat soldiers take their prisoners.
Where Guy is hiding.
One soldier then proceeds to beat several with a sledgehammer  including Vera.
They stand.
The fighters shoot those and the child away.
Are left from inside the boat but can do nothing without giving himself.
He smothers the baby.
Order to keep her quiet as the soldiers prepare to leave.
She stops breathing.
He manages to successfully resuscitate her.
He eventually makes his way.
Takes them to Split where he leaves Vera s baby before walking to a pier  throwing his gun in the water and collapsing on a bench.
A woman approaches him  carrying the girl and offering to help them.
Who was and saw him place the baby in the car.
Guy replies.
When she asks if the baby is his.
The woman promises to take them.
The film ends.
<EOS>
A week  archeologist Carl Bugenhagen asks his friend Michael Morgan to deliver a box to the guardian of Thorn s young son  Damien.
He reveals.
Damien is the Antichrist and that the box contains a warning and the means to kill Damien.
Bugenhagen takes him  showing him an ancient depiction of the Antichrist with Damien s face.
Morgan is unconvinced.
Morgan is now convinced.
The two are buried alive.
A tunnel collapses.
Seven years later  12-year old Damien is living.
He gets along well.
Whom he is enrolled.
However  he is despised.
Who favors Mark and thinks Damien a bad influence  even threatening to cut Richard out if he does not separate the two boys.
The same night  the appearance wakes her and causes a fatal heart attack.
Who is the curator.
She was a colleague.
Having seen Yigael s Wall  she draws a link.
Surrounded Damien.
She tries to warn Richard.
He throws her out.
She becomes unsure as to.
Whether Damien s face matches the painting.
Hart goes to meet Damien.
She drives off.
When she sees his face.
Her car s engine mysteriously dies.
She is attacked.
Pecks her eyes out.
It flies away and  blinded  she wanders.
Where she is run over.
Manager Paul Buher suggests expanding the company s operations into agriculture  however  the project is shelved by senior manager Bill Atherton.
Who calls Buher s intention immoral.
Buher introduces himself to Damien  invites him to see the plant  and also speaks of his approaching initiation.
Buher seemingly makes up.
Who drowns.
A shocked Richard leaves.
Buher then initiates the plans.
Richard agreed in principle and left him in charge of the company.
Meanwhile.
Neff  takes the boy and warns him not to draw any attention to himself until the right moment.
He also points him.
Which Damien reads.
Finding its number  666  scarred  he flees the Academy grounds in a terrified panic  distraught at being chosen as the vehicle for Satan s will.
Another Thorn employee  Dr David Pasarian  alerts Buher.
Some people were murdered.
His is the victim.
Pasarian can inform Richard the next day.
He and his assistant are killed.
Mysteriously exploded.
The accident injures Damien s class.
Who were visiting the plant.
Damien alone is unharmed  but is taken.
A doctor discovers.
Damien s blood cell structure resembles that.
He is cut by a falling elevator cable.
He can report this.
Meanwhile  Bugenhagen s box has been found and delivered to the Thorn Museum.
Dr Warren opens it and finds the Seven Daggers  the only weapons able to kill Damien  along with a letter explaining.
Damien is the Antichrist.
Warren rushes to inform Richard.
Who angrily refuses to believe it and throws him out.
The next day  Richard confronts Anne.
She convinces him.
It is preposterous.
Mark   confronts Damien.
Who overheard Richard s altercation.
Who first reluctantly and then proudly admits.
Damien tries to convince Mark.
He truly cares as his brother and asks Mark to join him.
Mark refuses.
Damien kills Mark.
Shaken  Richard follows Warren s invitation to New York.
A half-crazed Warren takes him.
Which a horrified Richard sees Damien s image.
Seconds later  a switching locomotive impales Charles and crushes him  destroying the wall and convincing Richard beyond doubt.
Damien is the Antichrist.
Richard has Damien picked up from a ceremony at the academy and argues with Ann about him.
Ann uses them to kill Richard  proclaiming.
When they find the daggers.
She always belonged.
Ann is then engulfed.
Who overheard the altercation.
Damien  now heir  exits the museum and is picked up by the family driver  Murray.
The fire department arrives.
<EOS>
Ryan Jeffers is a high school student.
He spends most of his time reading comic books and imagining other worlds.
Where he might have a great adventure.
One day  he stops with the owner.
He gives Ryan a manuscript.
Is a representation that make up their mythology  explaining that the book could lead to Ryan s true enlightenment.
Ryan claims.
He does nt need any Self Help books  but takes the manuscript anyway.
Later that day   Brad  Ryan awakens in.
What turns out to be the mythical Land.
Ryan s disability is gone.
He has full use.
He s attacked.
Ryan loses his backpack with the manuscript in it.
He encounters the dwarf-like Mudlap.
Who takes him.
They are Lai  Warrior  Warrior of Fire  Tsun  Warrior of Earth  and Yee  Warrior of Metal.
Yun  Warrior is no longer with the group.
They are interested.
What they refer.
The evil warlord.
Komodo and his army are invading and terrorizing the Land by feeding on the special mineral called zubrium.
The Warriors manage to save Ryan.
The Warriors join forces once again to invade Komodo s fortress.
Order to retrieve the lost manuscript.
They encounter another of Komodo s minions  General Grillo.
The Warriors eventually defeat Komodo in battle  Positive Kung.
When they combine their individual powers after Ryan reads Five is one.
To take a life  you lose a part.
Ryan returns home  just at the point.
He is lured by the school quarterback.
<EOS>
Composer Peter Bretter is.
Who stars  Scene of the Crime.
One day   Sarah announces.
Peter stands stark naked.
She is breaking up.
Devastated.
Unable to banish his grief  Peter takes a trip to Hawaii.
However  the vacation is ruined.
When he learns that Sarah and her new boyfriend Aldous Snow  lead singer  are also guests of the resort.
Taking pity  hotel concierge.
Rachel offers him an expensive suite for cleaning up the room himself.
Peter begins spending time and starts to develop feelings for her.
Meanwhile  the relationship begins to falter.
Much is triggered by the news.
Aldous is about to embark with his group  Infant Sorrow.
Aldous and Peter run into each other and begin talking.
Inadvertently  Aldous informs Peter.
He and Sarah began having sex a full year before she broke up.
She tells him.
When Peter confronts Sarah.
She could nt do anything to make their relationship work.
Further exacerbating the situation is Sarah s obvious jealousy.
Later  Sarah  Aldous  Peter and Rachel share an awkward dinner together.
Peter takes Rachel back to his hotel room.
They begin to fool around.
Sarah hears them  moaning loudly for the benefit of the couple next door.
Rachel and Peter turn the situation and become even louder.
He stops the sex and tells her the trip.
When Aldous realizes Sarah is clearly putting to try and get a rise out of Peter.
Was a mistake as she s clearly not.
They bicker furiously and cruelly  prompting Aldous to announce.
The relationship is over.
The next day Peter encounters Aldous  and learns.
He and Sarah have broken up and that he is flying back.
Peter goes.
Where she admits she still loves him and tries to rekindle their romance.
The two start to engage.
Peter abruptly cuts it off.
Peter immediately goes to confess.
What happened.
She is hurt and demands.
He leave and never contact her again.
He flies back  he begins working on his Dracula puppet rock opera  A Taste for Love.
He sends an invitation.
Rachel eventually decides to attend.
Extremely hesitant.
Rachel congratulates Peter and tells him she s looking into attending school in the area.
She leaves.
Peter can bask.
Quickly returns misses him.
Peter tells her.
He has missed her too.
The film ends.
They embrace and kiss.
<EOS>
Guru is a fantasy movie.
It is highly symbolic and makes a statement and the evils of the world.
The story starts.
There is peace.
Live there.
They all get along.
Reghuraman is the son.
Tensions break out.
When an ambitious politician s goons disguised.
The tensions soon flame.
Muslims and Hindus began killing each other.
Reghuraman joins Hindu gang.
Is about to attack a group who have taken refuge in a guru s asram.
But Reghuraman has an out of the world experience in the asram.
He is now.
He is taken.
Where everyone is blind and where people do not believe.
Reghuraman saves a man and befriends him.
He is astonished.
They actually believe it.
There is a thing called sight.
Their children are taught.
There is no world.
They do nt believe him.
When Reghuraman tries to tell them that there is a world and that he can see.
They consider him evil.
He can do things that they ca nt.
Reghuraman eats a common fruit.
They have.
He finds out the hard way.
This tasty addictive fruit is the cause.
Now.
He is blind and helpless the kings soldiers  whom he had evaded  captures him.
The king sentences him by drinking the extract from the seeds of the same fruit.
Made him blind.
This form has never been given to anyone before.
The seeds.
Reghuraman eats.
He is left to die.
The soldiers carry out the sentence.
But instead he sees.
His blindness is cured.
He then spreads the message.
Some people take the seeds and experience sight.
The people try to take revenge on the people without sight.
Reguraman stops this.
Everyone including the king is convinced to take the fruit.
He is brought back by the Guru s spirit.
Reghuraman realizes.
His thirst is a sin.
He stops the riot gang s plan to kill the Muslims.
<EOS>
The daughter is traveling in disguise.
She tracks those who looted his bank  and plotted against him by arranging his murder.
A very well respected financier is murdered.
His business is ruined.
The ensuing scandal takes his daughter to solve the mystery of his death  find the stolen money  clear her father s name and bring his killer to justice.
<EOS>
The unquenchable thirst is the story of ` Chinna Vaadhyaar.
Chandru is so obsessed.
He even practises celibacy  much Janaki.
His lookalike Aravind  studying  accidentally learns.
The secret and both mutually decide to get into each other s body.
Chandru lives and vice versa.
Many comical errors take place.
Both decide to come back.
Baba  has many a score to settle.
He sees the professor get and uses this opportunity to get inside Professor s body.
The atrocities makes.
Baba carries out.
The professor realize the dangers.
He feels sorry.
He did not think.
<EOS>
Gemma Dillard is a 13-year-old country girl.
Who lives.
Gemma is visited with an offer to come stay with her in the city.
Her mother is now married and can provide.
Gemma accepts and soon finds herself.
She becomes acquainted.
They play together  hang out together  and imagine.
They re married.
The story focuses.
Eventually return Gemma.
<EOS>
Robert Bob Davis is an American dancer.
Who is looking after gambling away his money.
Bob s friend  bandleader Xavier Cugat  invites him to perform.
Order to catch the eye.
Acuna s four daughters prepare.
The sisters must wed from oldest to youngest.
The beautiful Maria   is notoriously picky.
Who is next.
Bob tries to catch Maria s attention.
His advances are rebuffed.
Bob remarks.
Maria s personality is  quickly losing favor with his potential employer.
Acuna decides to address Maria s relationship woes and begins sending orchids and love notes from an unknown suitor  with the hope.
She will eventually find a beloved.
One day  Bob delivers the note and flower.
Maria   sees Bob leaving and concludes.
Who has become enamored.
He is her suitor.
Maria asks her father to introduce them.
Acuna reluctantly agrees.
He makes a deal  in exchange for performing at the club  Bob will play the part of the suitor and repel Maria with his obnoxious personality.
She grows attracted to him.
The two quickly fall.
Acuna orders Bob to leave Buenos Aires and composes a farewell love note on his behalf.
Acuna s wife sees him writing the note and suspects him.
Bob is forced to reveal the truth.
Who feels shocked and betrayed.
Impressed  Acuna grants him permission to court Maria.
Maria finally forgives Bob  and the two reconcile.
<EOS>
A teenager murders her sexually abusive stepfather.
He teaches her how to use a gun.
She meets a prison inmate  Howard.
Whom she seduces back.
She marries Howard and decides to show him the remains  Howard helps her dispose of the body.
Howard commits several homicides.
They dispose.
He was provoked.
<EOS>
The story is told.
The film starts before the war  then jumps forward six years to a Belgium hospital.
Where Cavell is working.
The war is about to start.
Dr Schultz suggests Nurse Cavell return home but she refuses  saying.
Her place is.
She gets an invitation.
Herr Cries is also invited  he pretends to be a medical student but is in fact a foreign spy and is a rejected suitor.
He forces himself.
Lt Renard knocks him out and Cries departs  swearing vengeance.
The wedding ends.
When everyone gets news that war has been declared.
Renard goes.
Four months later Brussels has been occupied.
Cavell is tending wounded British  German and Belgium soldiers.
Lt Renard has been captured and imprisoned.
He makes an escape and visits his wife and parents.
Yvonne asks Nurse Cavell to help them escape the country.
She advises her to send her husband and give the password Liberty to Monsieur Fouchard  the proprietor  in exchange for false passports.
Renard succeeds.
Herr Cries and Captain Hoffberg follow him home.
Hoffberg murders Renard s father  causing the mother to die.
He then tries.
A struggle ensues.
Cries and Hoffberg report the escape and report their suspicions about Nurse Cavell.
Searching the hospital  Cries finds a letter.
She is captured and refused legal advice  being secretly tried and sentenced to death.
The American Ambassador pleads demands the right of see her and administer communion.
The German officer Von Bissell grants a permit.
She is sentenced and shot  Tell my friends I give my life willingly for my country.
I have no fear or shrinking.
I have seen death so often  it is not fearful or strange.
<EOS>
Followed  a journalist Hong SunJoo comes across a videotape containing incomprehensible images.
Towards the end  she finds the curse.
States that the viewer would die next week if he/she does not perform certain tasks.
However  the next scene explaining the nature has been erased.
SunJoo and a doctor named ChoiYul embarks.
They discover called Park UnSeo.
The videotape was made.
Unseo was an illegitimate daughter and was born a hermaphrodite.
She was romantically involved and worked in a night club for a while.
There  a man was killed.
Who found out.
She has the uncanny ability to protect herself.
The video tape is the medium.
UnSeo uses to reveal herself.
Her first exposure was a painful experience.
Caused her to withdraw.
She retaliated.
When it became difficult for her to relate.
The way is one-way only.
Any attempt to block the process ends.
<EOS>
Bhishma Narayan is a Religious Guru.
Who prepares an army.
Badrinath is one.
Who is groomed and wishes to make Badri his Successor.
Meanwhile Alakananda   Reaches the Temple.
Who becomes an staunch agnostic due.
Which Badri is appointed.
Her Grand Father explains Badri  a Dreaded Don is trying to make her by Force.
She is.
Badri slowly retains her Confidence in God s Existence in Various ways.
Unknowingly he becomes an object to Alakananda.
Who is not willing to lose him.
She is followed by Sircar & his men.
He is Heavily Injured and is Medicated.
Badri manages to Save her.
Meanwhile Bhishma Narayan is shocked.
When he was Injured.
Suspicious.
It is a rule that an Unmarried Man must be the Next Guru who would Lead the Warriors and is.
Badri is with Alakananda  which is not the real situation.
Badri promises Alakananda  unaware.
He would bring her back.
He is the one being loved.
Badri goes to Bellary to free Alakananda from the clutches of Sircar   and escort to the Holy Shrine.
Who is to fix the marriage.
He fights and escorts her to Badrinath.
Sircar vows revenge.
Badri has Sircar s Son hurt.
So he leads and destroys Bhishma Narayan s Ashram.
Feeling  Bhishma Narayan orders Badri to vacate Badrinath Temple.
Badri is the real traitor and loves Alakananda.
Meanwhile Alakananda is being taken away.
Alakananda proposes.
Which he rejects as he dedicates his life.
Afterseeing Alakananda s pure love  Bhishma Narayan gets moved and orders.
Badri to bring her back and Marry her.
Badri saves Alakananda and marries her.
The climax is shown.
Bhishma Narayan asks the newly wed couple to handover one so that he can make him his Successor to which the couple agrees Happily.
<EOS>
Nandakumar  a business tycoon  faces a sudden back stab.
When his partner Abey Mathew decides to join hands.
He calls up Jagannadhan  alias Jagan  his close buddy asking him to intervene and convince Abey.
Jagan lands up and makes him withdraw from the deal with the Australian company  there by bringing a massive profit to Nandan.
Nandan offers half of his wealth to Jagan.
He humbly disavows.
Jagan demands Nandan a favor.
He wants Nandan to purchase an old palace.
Nandan agrees.
Jagan also expresses his desire.
The palace should be bought.
Jagan should be there.
Jagannadhan reaches down.
Meanwhile  Kulappully Appan Thamburan  a feudal landlord  opposes the purchase of the land by inciting problems.
Appan s sister was married.
Who deserted her one day.
The extreme hatred had made Appan to even stop the annual temple festival.
Has resulted in the anger of Goddess Kali  the local deity.
Now   Appan is back again by creating troubles.
But Jagannathan successfully overcomes it and gets.
The palace registered.
Presently the palace is occupied.
Unnimaya is believed to be the daughter  but is disowned by the rest of his family members.
He allows Varma and Unnimaya to stay.
Now of Jagan.
Slowly  they develop an affection.
Initially  both Varma and Unnimaya felt uncomfortable.
Jagan gets involved in the problems of the villagers.
They started considering him.
Jagannathan invites the ire.
Whom he clashes.
Jagan   Appan sends his henchmen.
When expresses his desire to stay.
Who had to humiliatingly return.
Now  the villagers decide to hold up the annual festival  after a long gap of 16 years.
Jagannathan takes up the leadership.
He starts the preparations.
Unnimaya develops a closeness towards him.
Nayanthara  a close friend of Jagan  reaches Kanimangalam from Bangalore.
She expresses her desire to marry Jagan.
He declines  saying that he is now.
Nayanthara accepts his decision and goes back wishing him all the best.
The festival puja should be done under a head priest from Keezhpayoor Mana.
The members refuses to conduct the puja.
When Appan Thamburan interferes.
Makes Jagan to forcefully take the younger namboothiri.
Suddenly Nandakumar lands down.
Of whom harasses Unnimaya.
This upsets Jagan.
He forcefully sends them back from Kanimangalam.
The younger priest is taken away by Appan Thamburan s men.
It is then revealed.
He is the son.
Jagan follows Ayinikad Namboothiri  the astrologer s instructions and wears his Yagyopaveetham  the holy thread  and adopts back Brahmanyam.
The day arrives.
Nandan   is now back and furiously demands Jagan to leave the palace.
Who had gone.
Jagan pleads him one day s time.
Nandan is not ready to give an ear.
Finding no other option  Jagan locks up Nandan and reaches the temple to perform the rituals.
Kulappully Appan s henchmen suddenly attacks villagers.
Jagan is helpless.
Holding the divine ornaments.
The younger priest suddenly reappears and replaces Jagan.
That Jagan can save the villagers.
Jagan fights the hooligans  and saves the villagers  emerging.
He then points his sword and threatens to kill him.
He ever comes back.
The festival concludes successfully.
The village is cheerful.
Nandan is released.
Jagan announces the cheering crowd  but Nandakumar  the original owner is leaving the village with both Unnimaya and Krishna Varma.
Its not him.
But  Nanda Kumar   calls him back and hands over the ownership.
Who is carried away.
<EOS>
Xavier Quinn is the chief.
Everyone assumes.
When Donald Pater  the millionaire owner  is found murdered.
The culprit is Maubee  a petty crook who also happens to be Quinn s best friend.
Quinn does nt believe it and clashes  Thomas Elgin  an arrogant political fixer  and the island s underqualified governor.
Quinn s worries exacerbate his troubles at home  he is estranged from his wife  Lola  and rarely has time to see his son.
Maubee eludes the police  even appearing personally to Xavier now and again  before running off.
Quinn questions a witness afterward   despite there being no such thing.
Who says that Maubee was carrying a $ 10000 bill.
Trying to track questions Ubu Pearl  the local witch and aunt of Maubee s current girlfriend  Isola  and Hadley Elgin  Thomas s wife.
Who feels a powerful attraction.
The governor also introduces Xavier  an affable American said to represent the murdered man s company.
The cause seems obvious  he was found floating in a Jacuzzi tub  decapitated.
Quinn has the body autopsied by the elderly Dr Raj.
Who reports that Pater died and was already dead when his head was cut off.
Quinn notices a Latin man and stops to apprehend him.
The man  Jose Patina  claims to be.
Xavier finds.
He has also been questioning people.
Quinn questions Hadley with Patina.
She tries to seduce him.
He resists  and wanders.
Where he entertains the crowd.
Half drunk  Quinn is picked up in a stolen car.
They spend a night.
When they remininsce.
Quinn wakes up to find Maubee gone  despite the handcuffs.
He put.
He confers.
When Petina is bailed out.
Miller tells.
Him the operation is over  then kills Patina.
Miller then goes.
She tell him where Maubee is.
He burns  with her inside.
When she refuses.
Quinn eventually works out that Pater  a close associate.
S.
President  brought stacks to the island to be picked up by Patina.
The President wants to fund an anti-Communist revolution.
Congress does nt agree.
The President is using discontinued currency.
Is still good but will not be missed.
S.
Treasury.
The murder messed up the plan  so the C.
I.
A.
Has sent Miller to retrieve the money and plug up the holes.
Quinn tracks Maubee down   Pater impregnated Isola.
Where Maubee explains the rest.
When she was a maid.
Ubu Pearl demanded.
Pater support the child.
Pater laughed this off.
Isola was fired.
Ubu Pearl instructed Isola to go and leave a snake in Pater s room.
Maubee snuck and   sped to the hotel but was too late.
When he found out where she had gone.
He arrived and saw the money.
As Pater was dying.
Maubee cut Pater s head off  put his body  and grabbed the money.
Miller arrives  having also found the hiding place  and holds the pair.
Maubee hands.
Miller departs.
Insanely  Maubee runs out and grabs.
It lifts off.
Seeing him  Miller sticks his gun and fires.
Quinn watches helplessly.
His friend s body falls.
A snake hidden slithers out and fatally bites the helicopter pilot.
Miller struggles to regain control.
The chopper crashes  killing them both.
Grieved  Quinn returns home and reconciles with his wife.
The camera pans down to show a line.
He walks.
<EOS>
Set  I ll Be Home for Christmas focuses on the Bundy family.
Head await the return of their grown children.
Who include Mike  who has completed all in England and is due to come home for good.
His pregnant wife Nora has been living since his departure  and is now awaiting her husband s return.
Preparing to give birth  hoping it wo nt be born until Mike arrives.
She eventually gives birth.
Mike s younger brother  and has been with his father his entire life.
Terrel is currently.
Meanwhile  the family s only daughter Leah is  shortly after the violent death of her fiance.
When she meets soldier Aaron Copler  who has nowhere else to go.
They feel attracted.
Leads to spend Christmas with the Bundy clan.
Completing the family portrait is 13-year-old Davey  the youngest son.
Who hopes.
Another character dominant is Isaiah Cawley  a man of the Western Union.
Who delivers telegrams informing people lost overseas.
The couple stretch their savings and ration stamps to obtain the best trimmings for Christmas dinner  only to be informed by Isaiah of the death of Mike because of a plane crash on Christmas Eve.
<EOS>
All of New York City is excited.
Widowed  brassy Dolly Levi is.
Dolly makes a living.
She is currently seeking a wife.
It becomes clear.
Dolly intends to marry Horace herself.
Dolly travels  New York to visit Horace.
Ambrose Kemper  a young artist  wants to marry Horace s weepy niece  Ermengarde.
Horace opposes this.
Ambrose s vocation does not guarantee a steady living.
Horace   explains.
Who is the owner.
He is going to get married because It Takes a Woman to cheerfully do all the household chores.
He plans to travel to propose to Irene Molloy.
Who owns a hat shop there.
Dolly arrives and sends Horace ahead to the city.
He tells Cornelius and Barnaby to mind the store.
Cornelius decides.
He and Barnaby need to get out.
Dolly knows two ladies.
They should call on.
She enters Ermengarde and Ambrose  so Ambrose can demonstrate his ability to be a bread winner to Uncle Horace.
Cornelius  Barnaby  Ambrose  Ermengarde and Dolly take the train.
Irene and Minnie open their hat shop.
Irene does not love Horace Vandergelder and declares.
She will wear an elaborate hat to impress a gentleman.
Cornelius and Barnaby arrive and pretend to be rich.
Horace and Dolly arrive.
Cornelius and Barnaby hide.
Minnie screams.
When she finds Cornelius hiding.
Horace is about to open the armoire himself.
Dolly searches it and pronounces it empty.
Horace storms out upon realizing.
There are men hiding.
He is unaware that they are his clerks.
Dolly arranges.
Who are still pretending to be rich  to take the ladies out to the Harmonia Gardens to make up for their humiliation.
She teaches Cornelius and Barnaby.
To dance since they always have dancing.
The clerks and the ladies go to watch the Fourteenth Street Association Parade together.
Alone  Dolly asks her first husband Ephram s permission to marry Horace  requesting a sign.
She resolves to move on.
Dolly catches up with the annoyed Vandergelder.
He is marching.
She tells him the heiress and asks him to meet her that evening.
Ernestina Simple would be perfect.
Cornelius is determined to get a kiss.
The night is over.
They tell the girls.
The clerks have no money to hire a carriage.
Walking shows that they ve got Elegance.
Dolly prepares for the evening.
Rudolph  the head waiter  whips his crew into shape for Dolly Levi s return.
Horace arrives to meet his date.
Who is really Dolly s friend Gussie.
She is not rich or elegant.
It turns out.
She soon leaves.
As she and Dolly planned.
Cornelius  Barnaby and their dates arrive and are unaware.
Horace is also.
Dolly makes her triumphant return and is greeted in style by the staff.
She sits to tell him.
No matter what he says  she will not marry him.
Fearful  Cornelius confesses to the ladies.
He and Barnaby have no money.
Irene   offers to pay.
Who knew they were pretending all along.
She then realizes.
She left her handbag at home.
The four try to sneak out.
Horace recognizes them and also spots Ermengarde and Ambrose.
Vandergelder fires Cornelius and Barnaby.
They are forced to flee.
A riot breaks out.
Cornelius professes his love.
It Only Takes a Moment.
Horace declares.
He would nt marry Dolly if she were the last woman.
Dolly angrily bids him farewell   she ll be living the high life.
He s bored and lonely.
The next morning  back  Cornelius and Irene  Barnaby and Minnie  and Ambrose and Ermengarde each come to collect the money.
Vandergelder owes them.
Chastened  he finally admits.
He needs Dolly.
She is unsure.
Ephram sends her a sign.
Vandergelder spontaneously repeats a saying  Money  pardon the expression  is like manure.
It s not worth.
Thing unless it s spread about  encouraging young things to grow.
Cornelius becomes Horace s business partner.
Barnaby fills.
Horace tells.
Dolly life would be dull.
She promises.
She ll never go away again.
<EOS>
Gregory is a disturbed fast-food worker.
Who has reached the end after being tormented and humiliated by his cruel boss  Mr Crolick.
Fed up fires Joe.
Joe soon hatches a deadly plot only to become.
When he catches the eye.
However  Joe completely misinterprets his encounter and ends up unintentionally kidnapping her.
<EOS>
The film follows the existential crisis.
Who becomes aware around her.
A series lead her to visit an unnamed third world country  representing an exotic location somewhere in Eastern Europe.
Where the entire economy and populace are geared.
She is made starkly aware by a journalist.
As she enjoys the rare taste.
Who  subsequently  suggests a visit in order to experience a true picture of life in the region.
She does so.
Her life is changed forever.
She can no longer fit back  watching operas  discussing art and theatre with friends  shopping for beautiful things and aggrandizing her trifling everyday struggles  all seem meaningless to her compared with her recent macro epiphany.
Back  and now acutely attuned.
Her life begins to feel insignificant.
Having lived her guilt-free  pleasure-filled  life she is now challenged to look beyond comfort and soon finds herself in the throes of a moral dilemma  questioning the moral consistency of her own life and the choices.
Have had an impact in far corners of the globe.
She feels.
She can not be truly free having apprehended this new reality  which confronts her blindness in the past  been broken  only occasionally  by displays of sympathy.
She returns to explore her feelings further  this new reality now drawing her ever deeper.
This leads.
Where her inner-self challenges her need  culminating in a moment of spiritual awakening and a perceived oneness with all reality.
Finally she sees the truth with every human being  apprehending the transient nature of her material life.
She can no longer sit  immersed  or clean sheets as she terms it  and pretend.
It s all right when the world is filled with strife and exploitation for millions of people.
She is lustrated and is  by extension  finally able to see the truth of own life  as summarised by film s tag-line  Enlightenment Can Be Brutal.
<EOS>
We first see Malik Williams  Kristen Connor  and Remy  and.
They are decorating their rooms.
Malik and Kristen meet  with Kristen shielding her purse and Malik seeing this and resenting it.
There is a montage.
Track star Malik goes  and is chastised severely by the coach.
Kristen meets her roommate  Monet  a black girl  and attends a fraternity rush party.
Monet and Malik attend a party  hosted by Fudge  a black nationalist.
Remy   is upset.
Who is Fudge s roommate.
He calls security.
Who breaks up the party.
Fudge is upset.
They do nt tell the room down the hall to stop their loud hillbilly music.
Kristen   meets Taryn  a junior lesbian student.
Walking home.
Who warns Kristen and invites her to a student group.
Malik s roommate  Wayne  is then introduced.
The next day  Fudge points out the.
We then see Malik s first class.
Names are called out for having financial problems  embarrassing them.
They go.
Where Kristen is told she needs a job.
Malik learns.
His scholarship is partial  not full.
He talks.
Who agrees to help him out.
He keeps his grades up.
Fudge returns Dreads  and plays his music loud  disrupting Remy s studying.
Fudge mocks and threatens him  causing Remy to move out.
When Remy complains.
Later  Remy is beaten at a video game  then rejects an offer of pool from Wayne and David Isaacs  Remy s new Jewish roommate.
Kristen is then shown getting drunk and leaving  retreating back to his frat room.
Kristen changes her mind.
Billy initiates sex.
She fights him off  running.
Monet returns and finds Kristen crying in her bed.
Monet refuses give the phone.
When Billy calls.
Billy insults her racially.
Angered  she turns.
Who recruits his friends to confront him.
Fudge and Dreads pull Billy outside  threatening him and forcing him to apologize.
The security guards arrive.
The black students leave.
Kristen attends Taryn s student group.
Malik borrows a copy.
He only needs it.
That evening  Remy is reading alone.
When he is asked out by Scott Moss  a white supremacist.
He also meets Scott s friends  Erik  James  and Knocko.
Professor Phipps challenges his class to determine and not let others categorize them.
Who they are.
Kristen talks  with Taryn encouraging her to report it and attempting to console her.
Malik confronts Phipps.
He graded  arguing he should have a better grade.
Malik calls him a sellout.
When Phipps shows him the various spelling and grammar errors.
Phipps angrily responds.
He must work.
Malik is then shown racing  losing ground to another runner.
He responds.
When his teammates confront him.
He walks away and flirts.
Remy is.
The room is decorated.
Scott expresses his racist beliefs.
Remy is slowly being convinced.
Deja is shown helping Malik.
Kristen is shown realizing her attraction.
Phipps then criticizes Kristen s bland paper  telling her.
Only writing the facts is fine.
Phipps tells her.
Her purpose is to think for herself.
Phipps then talks.
Remy is shown working.
He removes his hat  showing.
He has shaved his head and is wearing an Iron Cross necklace.
Wayne asks Kristen  confronting her  flirting with her as well.
When she says the anti-sexism group is.
Monet attends a party with Dreads  Kristen attends a rape awareness rally with Taryn.
Remy and the other neo-Nazis attack an interracial couple.
Kristen asks to spend the night.
Taryn rebuffs her  saying.
She wants Kristen to be sure.
Malik continues spouting Fudge s ideology  saying.
Stretching. 
He hates feeling.
Deja rebuffs him  saying.
He has opportunities that people would do anything.
He should take them.
The stretching and running is then intercut  showing.
They have started dating.
Kristen is also going.
Scott shows Remy his gun collection and Remy talks.
Kristen is shown walking holding hands.
A montage love sequence is shown.
Where she sleeps  but fantasizes about Taryn.
Remy approaches  condemning Malik s Black Panther shirt and calling him a racial slur.
Malik and Deja talk.
Malik  angered  goes and confronts him.
Remy backs down  with Malik insulting him and leaving.
Remy trashes the room  contemplating suicide.
He confronts Remy about the mess.
Remy starts beating David and Malik intervenes.
Remy pulls his Glock 9mm  threatening the two and leaving.
Malik runs  only to be stopped by security guards asking for ID.
Resisting  he is arrested  letting Remy escape.
Malik then moves.
Malik  Fudge  and Phipps have a discussion.
Phipps says.
He must play the game to win.
No one wants to hear excuses.
Kristen begins organizing a peace festival to calm down the students.
Meanwhile  Scott chastises Remy.
The white community needs more successful members and that he is betraying his race.
Fudge  Malik  Dreads  and another black student start a gang fight  beating them.
Knocko calls out a racial slur.
Later  Deja confronts Malik.
Malik is becoming more and more angry.
Scott says.
Remy s posturing means nothing.
Only actions do.
He then shows Remy a sniper rifle and challenges him.
We then see Malik and Deja walking  with Malik saying.
He would nt drop out because he d lose her.
Remy has moved and prepares.
Erik stands lookout.
The other racist skinheads attack a gay couple to distract security.
Remy is obviously having trouble  but acquiesces.
When pushed.
He opens fire  causing a riot.
An unnamed student is killed.
Deja is shot.
She collapses.
Malik goes crazy and attacks Remy  meeting him and beating him severely and nearly choking him to death.
Phipps tries to help.
Security intervenes and beats him.
Security confronts Remy.
He tries to leave.
Remy pulls his pistol again.
Remy apologizes and shoots himself in the head  killing himself.
Malik returns and finds.
Deja has died.
He collapses  crying.
The racist skinheads are shown mourning Remy s death.
When they see a TV news report.
Knocko  Erik  and James then begin celebrating his actions  chanting  white power.
Scott quietly sits back and.
A brief moment seems.
Malik and Phipps discuss his future away  with Phipps saying.
He trusts Malik s judgment.
The final scene shows Malik and Kristen meeting.
Kristen feels guilty.
She started the festival.
Malik assuages her guilt.
<EOS>
Sach inherits a farm.
They boys travel.
They discover.
Their neighbors are the Smiths  who have feuded.
They keep Sach s identity secret  and become friends.
A gang arrive and hide out in the boys house.
The Smiths arrive and  thinking  begin shooting.
The robbers names are Jones.
The law arrives and takes the criminals away  but Slip accidentally says.
The Smiths begin shooting.
<EOS>
Originally titled New Orleans Frolic  the story centers  a singer on a showboat.
Who goes to make her fortune  despite being in love with the boat owner s grandson.
She calls all the boat s former stars to perform.
Successful. 
<EOS>
Grace Goodright  is the wife Warren Goodright  an American playwright living.
Grace is living and owes dressmaker Renee Malot money.
Malot suggests.
Grace contact American army officer Captain Rex Strong who might be able to assist her financially.
Rex offers Grace a loan.
Favors. 
If she grants him sexual.
Grace refuses.
Malot  angered  attempts unsuccessfully to blackmail Grace.
<EOS>
A progressive thinking man  Pookoya Thangal does not believe.
One day a woman named.
Neeli was ostracized because she became pregnant before marriage.
Pookoya Thangal gave her a place to stay.
The servant Thangal s wife  Aatta Beevi  was also pregnant.
Neeli died.
Aatta Beevi gave birth.
Neeli s son was named.
Kunhali and Thangal s daughter s name was Pookkunhi Beevi.
Kunhali stayed.
Thangal s wife hated the presence.
He was sent.
Where he was raised up.
Both Kunhali and Pookkunhi reached.
Kunhali joined.
B.
B.
S and Pookkunni Beevi.
Thangal made his daughter to learn Nangyar Koothu  a Hindu ritual art form.
A performance was organised.
She learned Koothu.
Some members did not tolerate the act and opposed.
<EOS>
The film starts with tattooed biceps delivering a profanity-laced anecdote in an Italian accent.
The monologue is.
The anecdote ends saying  and is surprised.
He discovered the man was a homosexual  so he beat up his girlfriend instead.
She does nt call him anymore.
The camera shifts to reveal.
Mike is.
The casting director expresses interest and has Mike speak Italian they ll get back to him.
Mike says.
When the director asks Mike where the monologue came.
It s a true story that happened.
Outside  Mike gets and calls his manager without an Italian accent.
He complains  saying.
It was offensive.
He worries.
It will keep him.
Mike wipes the tattoo and goes on to his next audition.
Mike meets a fellow black actor in the waiting room.
The two talk about their careers.
Mike tells the other actor.
Again complains.
He thought his monologue was offensive.
The black actor tells Mike.
He has just landed a role.
Mike says.
He does nt want to do commercials because no great actors have had to do commercials.
The director tells Mike.
He can audition.
Not to bother auditioning.
He suggests Mike audition instead.
Mike goes and reads a Cuban accent with a Hispanic actress.
The two are portraying an argument.
Mike is unable to continue.
When the actress launches.
The actress guesses correctly.
They re leaving the audition.
Mike does nt speak Spanish.
She suggests.
Mike try out.
Mike says.
He does nt want to do soaps because no great actors have ever done them.
Mike attends another audition.
Where the woman reading tells him that she really thinks he could do well.
Mike does the reading in a heavy urban accent.
The casting directors cut the audition short  saying.
They re looking.
Mike moves on.
Where they are expecting him.
The casting director sees.
Mike does rap and Mike launches.
Afterwards  Mike sits down and does a monologue.
Mike came to believe.
His father wanted him to be a great Black actor.
Later   Mike realized.
His father died.
His father wanted him to be more than just a Black actor.
He wanted his son to be just an actor.
The casting director is impressed  but admits.
When the monologue is finished.
They are supposed to be casting an actor.
Mike leaves.
They will contact him if they can cast him instead.
The film cuts.
He can overhear an actress talking.
Frustrated she is to be typecast.
The actress orders coffee that s not too light  not too dark.
When the waitress comes.
The film ends.
<EOS>
Woody is a tenant.
His indoor game quickly gets on the landlord s nerves.
Woody decides to take a bath.
Which he has to deposit a dime.
He tries an assortment to get it back  provoking a battle of wills with Wally.
When the coin slips and rolls down the drain.
He tries to take his own bath.
Woody s last move is into the plumbing pipes  demolishing the house but freeing his dime at last.
<EOS>
Opening Footage at the 27th G8 summit in Genoa.
Fidel Castro gives a speech.
John Zerzan John Zerzan is interviewed.
RealDoll RealDoll manufacturer gives a tour  showing the variety and cost of the.
Cuba Mirta Munes shows the Cuban ration card  Cuban toothpaste.
Pre Fidel Speech Parade  Fidel going up.
Tania speaks.
Gaining a lot.
Internet Internet-wealthy Svante says  feels empty.
He hates money.
John Zerzan in consumer society.
Balmer s monkeyboy dance and then love this company.
I love this company statement intermixed  then Fidel Castro lip-synched to I.
Footage. 
Where it says 40000 workers.
John Zerzan speech saying violent protesting is better than peaceful protesting  intermixed  and protesting.
New Ethic John Zerzan says.
Corporate property is the main target of his criticism due to being understood as destructive and wiping out freedom and diversity.
Footage. 
Desire a simple  fulfilling life.
Landfills   there is a paradigm shift coming where people will not want corporate products and will.
This can be understood ironically.
Credits.
<EOS>
The film opens.
Ai befriends four of the village s residents  Rosie  Margie  Alfonso  and Yu  participating in several activities.
Ai begins to find a series in bottles.
State that a miracle will occur if pine trees are planted in specific points of the village.
Ai complies and begins planting the trees .
The messages may have been placed.
Rosie scolds Ai for not attending Margie s farewell party.
Comes. 
Ai becomes heartbroken  learning.
Margie has moved away to embark.
Margie sends a letter to Ai  explaining.
A goodbye would have been too upsetting  and encourages her to embark.
Rosie apologizes to Ai.
Winter comes.
All the pine trees have fully grown and are decorated.
Ai has planted.
A spaceship.
Gulliver  a seagull  emerges.
Gulliver   asks the villagers to help locate some.
Who had planted the bottles to make an entrance dressed as an alien.
Broke off his ship.
Ai  Rosie  Yu  and Alfonso head.
Where Yu claims to have seen one.
Margie appears and helps unseal the cave.
The five retrieve.
The missing piece and return had already obtained them all.
The missing piece turns out to be an injured UFO  one.
Was attracted.
The injured UFO reunites.
Create a constellation.
They depart.
Ai then wins the Winter Festival contest  leaving her feeling for the first time as a true member of the village.
<EOS>
Love  Speed and Thrills is  both after the same woman.
<EOS>
Billy Jack goes to court facing an involuntary manslaughter charge stemming.
He is found guilty and sentenced.
Meanwhile  the kids -- an experimental school for runaways and troubled youth on a Native American reservation in Arizona -- vow to rebuild the school.
They raise funds and acquire a new building  eventually starting their own newspaper and television station.
Inspired  they begin using the newspaper and TV station to conduct investigative reporting  angering several politicians and townspeople in the process with their exposes.
The school s activities range  to artistic endeavors such as a marching band and belly dancing.
This culminates.
They call 1984 is Closer Than You Think.
Midway is released from prison and  trying to reconnect with his spiritual beliefs  begins a series of lengthy vision quests.
He gets involved.
Is trying to oppose the federal de-recognition and the turning of their tribal lands over to local developers.
The school comes.
When one is arrested for poaching deer on what was formerly tribal land.
The school begins to hold hearings.
One was abused by his father.
Who cut off his hand.
The school defies a court order to turn the boy back over.
The FBI begins visiting the school and taps their phones.
A mysterious explosion knocks their television station off the air.
Tensions mount in the nearby town.
The Governor calls a state and mobilizes the National Guard.
A curfew is established.
The students respond.
Their bus breaks down.
Local townspeople confront the students and threaten to set their bus.
Billy Jack shows up.
Then comes.
Who is being harassed and beaten.
The National Guard is stationed around the school and is ordered to open fire on the students  killing four and wounding dozens more.
The entire story is told from her hospital bed after the shooting incident.
The violence is a symbolic bookend to the massacre of Vietnamese civilians seen in the beginning of the film.
He mentions the 1968 My Lai massacre and recalls  in a flashback scene  witnessing a similar incident while serving in Vietnam.
This scene also reveals one glaring continuity error.
Billy Jack is described as an ex-Green Beret soldier  yet in the flashback.
He and his fellow soldiers all have 101st Airborne Division shoulder patches.
Laughlin mentions.
He also wanted the bloody  disturbing finale to represent all the shooting incidents where police and National Guardsmen fired upon students during anti-war protest rallies.
<EOS>
A group embark on an apparently random journey through a disjointed San Francisco cityscape.
They encounter a succession of madmen and eccentrics  portrayed by various West Coast performance artists.
Whose impassioned monologues and improvisations satirize the institutions.
<EOS>
Stranded Susannah Bartok is attacked and maced outside Macy s in Manhattan.
Her 2-year-old son gets kidnapped.
Newspaper reporter Victoria Garcia helps the young mother.
She unsuccessfully pleads.
Susannah  desperate to find her son  initially rejects Victoria s help  she allows Victoria s help.
She is realistic  though convinced that the police are not doing their job quickly enough.
Victoria redirects Susannah called Christopher Zellner.
Who believes that her son Sonny is dead.
Susannah refuses to believe him  and continues her intense and exhausting search.
Several ` witnesses  report to the police.
They are all frauds  annoying Lt.
Ernest Foy.
They discover an underground black market ring  selling young children.
<EOS>
Ka Fu and Natalie  are.
Ka Fu s father is a mini-bus driver.
His mother is a restaurant hostess.
Natalie is.
Her parents are lawyers.
Another contrast is.
Ka Fu has a loving relationship.
Natalie s relationship is distant.
They are often away.
It is exactly this window.
Ka Fu and Natalie meet and fall.
Causes the two to have a weak moment.
She decides to go through with the pregnancy in complete support of her boyfriend  Ka Fu.
However  Natalie  being underage and about two years younger  causes her parents  especially her father  to fly into a rage.
A law suit gets.
Ka Fu s parents also scold him and express.
They do not want him to make the same mistakes they did.
Learning  with the help of their friends  run away and eke out a living for themselves in the countryside.
The young lovers are eventually discovered.
They are forced to return.
When Natalie goes.
Ka Fu is arrested.
The relationships of the parents and their son and daughter are resolved.
Ka Fu was also sentenced.
He is greeted by Natalie and their child.
<EOS>
Venu is an orphan and a contractor.
Anu is a student.
Sruthi is Anu s friend.
Anu makes an attempt to elope.
Arun is the son.
JP sends police.
Venu rescues Anu.
Anu s father disassociates himself.
Then Venu takes Anu and gives assurance.
Venu finds out.
Where Arun is and gets Anu married.
JP tells his son.
Venu and Anu have an affair as they live together.
Arun gets suspicious and leaves the marriage venue immediately after the marriage.
Anu is back.
Venu is.
Convince him to come back.
They get closer.
Anu and Venu spend more time together.
Venu never takes advantage and treats Anu like a good friend.
Anu pines but comes to know.
Arun is getting married.
Venu goes and tries to stop Arun from getting engaged.
Anu comes and slaps Arun  saying.
Their marriage is over.
She goes.
She wins the competition as well as her father s love.
Arun  meanwhile tries to kill Venu but accidentally gets an electric shock.
He gets paralysed.
JP seeks revenge.
Sruthi falls.
Anu goes back.
Now  being unmarried  thinks over her relationship.
She realises.
She loves Venu.
Venu  too  reveals.
He loves Anu  but will never tell her.
Sruthi overhears both Anu and Venu s feelings and decides to sacrifice her love.
Her parents decide to get her married.
Sruthi refuses to get married and tells them everything.
Sruthi s mother gets angry and asks Anu to arrange her daughter s and Venu s wedding.
Anu gets heartbroken but thinks that its better everyone.
Sruthi goes and tells him.
Anu too loves him.
Anu is kidnapped.
Venu goes to save Anu.
He is able to defeat JP and save.
Anu but Anu is stabbed.
Sruthi comes.
She takes Anu.
Venu comes later.
Anu asks the doctors to allow her to meet Venu.
Anu and Venu confess their love.
Anu is successfully operated and finally united  with everyone s  including Sruthi s mother s wishes.
<EOS>
Mei Mei a 16 year old Chinese orphan.
Who has been supported.
Mei Mei takes the opportunity to find Dean.
When her orphanage choir travels to participate in an Australian Choir Festival.
He will make her part.
However  Mei Mei discovers the shocking truth - Dean is actually a convict.
Seeing Dean at finding a home  Mei Mei decides to stay in Sydney  in the meantime becoming naively entangled in the criminal world herself.
Dean gets his parole.
To save Mei Mei  Dean must make an impossible sacrifice.
<EOS>
A young woman was married off.
She comes.
Her later found out.
Her family had fallen and is now financially deprived.
The devious in-laws then plotted a scheme to abuse her.
She runs away so they could find a real rich bride for their son.
Their most devious scheme involved setting up the unfortunate bride to look.
She was being unfaithful.
Her oblivious husband believed this ploy and disgraced her.
Heartbroken and betrayed  the young woman was ostracized and overheard her.
- she threatened to tell her husband and ran away from the house only to be caught by her uncle.
They imprisoned her and beat her up.
She almost made a successful escape.
When her father in-law broke a bottle and stabbed her.
Bloodied and weak  she managed to get and had her soul transferred in the doll upon dying.
Her in-laws covered the murder.
The groom married another bride.
She is a very lovely person.
Her husband is still mourning the death - - hence.
Whom he had loved dearly.
Was emotionally distant.
Meanwhile  the soul had been residing in the said doll  waiting for her vengeance.
The ghost managed to kill her in laws one by one in a gruesome way  often taunting.
She finishes them off.
She then became a little and plans to kill her husband for being oblivious to the mistreatment of her in laws and the new wife.
Who took her place.
The new wife suspected but was brushed off.
Something was wrong and tried to explain to her new husband.
She pleaded not to kill her and her husband but was cut off  lamenting.
When the doll finally made her move to kill the new wife.
She was unjustly treated and wants her justice.
The new wife explained.
Although her anger was rational  her vengeance was unfounded.
The ghost doll challenged the new wife.
Eventually  the new wife wins.
This film was filmed in Thiruvarur district  Tamil Nadu  India.
It is inspired.
<EOS>
Oliver  Molly  and her brother Slats work as taxi dancers.
Slats plants.
Declares Molly s ambition.
The dean reads the article and offers her a scholarship.
She agrees  but only.
Oliver and Slats can accompany her.
They are hired.
Meanwhile  Chairman Kirkland   holds the mortgage and threatens to foreclose.
Whose daughter Diane also attends Bixby.
The dean continues to ignore tradition and does not expel Molly.
Slats and Oliver run.
They fail.
Slats devise a plan to raise $ 20000 to save the school  Oliver will wrestle the Masked Marvel.
However   the Masked Marvel becomes ill and is replaced by Mr Johnson.
Oliver still manages to win the match.
Slats takes the $ 1000 winnings and bets it at 20-to-1 odds.
Unfortunately the bookie attempts to insure the outcome.
Oliver dresses and joins the Bixby team.
Halfway he receives a bump on the head and is convinced.
He is Daisy Dimple  the world s greatest woman basketball player.
Bixby pulls.
Oliver suffers another bump to his usual persona  and ends up losing the game for Bixby.
To make up  he steals the bookie s money.
The boys arrive in time to pay the mortgage and save the school.
<EOS>
A young Texan named.
Joe Buck works.
Joe dresses himself  packs a suitcase  and quits his job.
The film opens.
He heads.
Joe s naivete becomes evident.
His cash disappears.
He is unsuccessful to be hired by wealthy women.
Joe s attempt to collect money results.
When finally successful.
Joe then meets the crippled Enrico Ratso Rizzo  a third-rate con man.
Who easily tricks Joe by offering to introduce him to a well-known pimp.
Who instead turns out to be a Bible thumper.
Joe flees the scene.
Who has fled the area.
Joe then spends his days wandering the city and relaxing.
He is locked out for failure to pay the bill.
Broke. 
He finally attempts to make money.
This plan goes awry.
When the teen admits.
An angry Joe threatens the teen and thinks but then decides against this.
The next day  Joe spots an unsuspecting Rizzo.
He angrily shakes down Rizzo.
He has -- 64 cents.
Rizzo surprisingly offers to help Joe.
Joe reluctantly accepts.
They begin.
A business relationship  helping each other pickpocket  steal and further attempt to get Joe hired.
They are both completely alone.
A genuine bond develops.
Rizzo had a cough  his health steadily worsens.
When the two met and  as the story progresses into winter.
The events are told through fast-cutting flashbacks interspersed throughout the film.
He had been and baptized as a boy but has only frightening memories of the experience.
The two people were his grandmother Sally Buck  and his onetime girlfriend  Crazy Annie.
Joe loved.
His grandmother raised Joe  one  a wrangler named Woodsy Niles  was Joe s only father figure.
His mother abandoned him but often left him alone to go off.
Annie had been a promiscuous girl.
Who changed her ways.
This did not sit well  the two were caught and raped by a gang of males.
Annie was later sent.
Joe joined the army.
Sally Buck died.
Joe was away serving.
Annie remains a constant presence.
Rizzo s backstory comes mostly.
He tells Joe.
His father was an illiterate Italian immigrant shoe shiner.
Who worked deep  developed a bad back  and coughed his lungs out from breathin  in that wax all day.
He dreams.
An odd-looking couple approach Joe and Ratso in a diner and hand Joe a flyer inviting him to a party.
They enter a Warhol-esque party scene.
The naive Joe smokes a marijuana cigarette thinking.
Begins to hallucinate.
He leaves the party.
Who agrees to pay him $.
Rizzo falls down a flight.
They are leaving.
He is fine.
Joe and the socialite attempt to have sex.
He suffers.
They play a game together in.
Joe shows his limited academic prowess.
She teasingly suggests.
Joe may be gay  and that does the trick.
He is suddenly able to perform.
The two have lively  aggressive sex.
The socialite sets up a friend of hers to be Joe s next customer.
It appears.
His career is.
Rizzo is.
When Joe returns home later.
He admits.
He is unable to walk.
Joe wants to find a doctor.
Rizzo adamantly refuses  and begs Joe to put him.
A frightened Joe is determined to take care and leaves the apartment to find money.
He picks up an older male customer.
The man tries to send him away.
Joe s desperation boils over.
When the man gives him a religious medallion.
He beats up and robs the man  stuffing the phone receiver.
When Joe thinks the man is calling the hotel front desk.
Joe buys two bus tickets to Florida.
Rizzo s frail physical condition deteriorates further.
Joe touchingly buys bright new clothing for Rizzo and himself.
He throws away his cowboy outfit and admits  I ai nt no kinda hustler.
Joe talks.
They reach Florida and near Miami.
Rizzo has died beside him.
The driver tells him but continue.
Joe informs the bus driver.
There is nothing else to do.
The film ends.
<EOS>
The film begins.
Elmo McElroy  a new college graduate  is caught smoking marijuana.
When a patrolman pulls.
He is unable to find work as a pharmacologist.
The film then fast forwards called.
The Lizard calls a meeting  hoping to sell a brand new substance invented by McElroy.
The meeting goes awry.
When McElroy   blows up the building  killing everyone but the Lizard  who falls through the floor.
The Lizard contacts Dakota  a contract killer   as depicted in several early scenes in the movie.
Who killed the only witness against the Lizard.
Dakota initially refuses to chase down and kill McElroy.
Dakota takes the job.
When the Lizard offers to clear her gambling debts and give her a $ 250000 bonus to complete the hit.
McElroy heads.
Where he has a deal arranged.
He is met by Felix DeSouza  a local Fixer.
Who has been sent in exchange for two football tickets to the sold-out Liverpool versus Manchester United game.
McElroy makes his pitch  claiming.
His product  POS 51  a synthetic drug that can be produced  is 51 times as potent as ecstasy  opiates  amphetamines  and cocaine.
A second opinion confirms McElroy s claims.
Durant gives him over a million dollars.
McElroy threatens to leave.
It is 18 million dollars short.
Meanwhile   Dakota is watching through a rifle scope  waiting for her chance to kill McElroy.
Felix DeSouza keeps unknowingly standing.
The Lizard calls  now being concerned.
She is about to pull the trigger.
He can get the formula.
She is to kill anyone.
Who is meeting.
She switches rifles and kills everyone in the room except DeSouza and McElroy.
Escaping  DeSouza is shot in the rear by Dakota   That s for getting in the way.
Who remarks.
The two are attacked.
McElroy and DeSouza leave the hotel.
Who are also out to get the drug.
McElroy protects himself and Felix.
Detective Virgil Kane arrives and gives a chase.
He is soon lured by McElroy.
Who escapes.
Kane returns and strings up Durant on the bottom of a large cargo container.
He demands 50 percent with McElroy.
A miscommunication leads being dropped  rather than being lowered slowly  crushing and killing Durant in the process.
McElroy asks DeSouza to contact the next drug lord.
Who is a gun dealing club owner and drug distributor named Iki  promising him his formula.
McElroy and DeSouza make their way.
One is.
It can be made.
They are followed.
Who are armed this time.
McElroy is nt that dismayed.
The skinheads claim they have a lab to produce the drug.
The lab turns out to be an Animal Testing Facility.
The skinheads have broken.
McElroy makes two batches  one blue and one red.
He claims.
The red pill is the stronger version.
The skinheads try it.
He takes one.
Waiting  in the next room McElroy spits out his red pill.
They are partying.
He relates.
Its primary effect is that.
McElroy and DeSouza leave.
Who are writhing.
The two visit Iki s rave club.
Where McElroy initiates his deal and delivers the drug to the waiting crowd.
The distribution is interrupted  Felix is surrounded by police and arrested.
Dakota appears.
It is revealed.
Her real name is Dawn and that she and DeSouza were romantically involved.
She captures McElroy and attempts to leave.
McElroy gets the upper hand  suspending her.
Having no choice  she strikes a deal.
They escape.
Meanwhile  DeSouza is.
The corrupt cop wants.
He will get DeSouza.
He arranges the time and the place  letting Kane.
Meeting back up  they contact Iki.
The venue is the Liverpool vs.
Manchester United game   at Anfield.
This time the deal is interrupted.
Who shoots Iki and demands the formula.
The Lizard celebrates.
McElroy reveals the true nature cancel each other out  making it the most expensive candy in the world.
McElroy tells the Lizard.
POS stands.
Kane interrupts the moment.
As McElroy s cocktail  ingested  takes effect.
The cocktail contains a chemical  this is the same chemical McElroy used to leave his employment with the Lizard.
Becomes explosive when it reaches a certain temperature.
Pulling an umbrella  DeSouza  McElroy  and Dawn take cover behind it.
Police arrive.
Arrest Kane   covered.
Who is lying unconscious.
Having made their escape  the three divide the money  Dawn and Felix agree to give their relationship a second chance.
A putt falls in a hole.
McElroy is playing golf.
The castle is the home.
The final scene has Elmo finishing a round with Hector Dougal McElroy.
Who Elmo reveals is a descendant.
<EOS>
The story starts out.
It is later revealed.
She is having an intense affair.
She later comes home to find her younger sister  Sissy.
It is expressed.
Sissy is an aspiring ice skater.
Caroline wants her to follow and become a schoolteacher.
Their battle goes on.
Later their estranged sister  Frieda shows up.
They decide to stay.
Danny has had some trouble.
Frieda wants to give him a fresh start.
The sisters  lives turn up-side down.
There. 
Frieda emerges.
Caroline is knocked off her martyr pedestal when the minister succumbs.
Sissy learns.
Their father never wanted another daughter  but had hoped she would be the son that eluded him.
Their mother tried to abort her.
<EOS>
Cady is the 16-year-old homeschooled daughter.
They have returned after residing in Africa for many years.
Cady is unprepared.
Cady learns about the various cliques.
She is warned to avoid the school s most exclusive clique  the Plastics  the reigning trio.
The Plastics take an interest  inviting her to sit with them at lunch and go shopping with them after school.
Cady has been accepted.
Having ingratiated herself  Cady learns about the Burn Book  a top secret notebook of Regina s filled with vicious rumors  secrets  and gossip about all the other girls in their class.
Cady soon falls with Regina s ex-boyfriend Aaron Samuels.
Whom Regina successfully steals back.
Hurt and frustrated  Cady continues.
Involves cutting off Regina s resources  which include separating her  destroying her beauty  and turning Regina s fellow Plastics  insecure rich girl Gretchen Wieners and sweet but ditzy Karen Smith  against her.
The trio s plans backfire  and worse  even increases Regina s popularity.
Cady then starts pretending failure to get Aaron s attention and soon choreographs Aaron s breakup with Regina by confessing Regina s infidelity with another boy.
Cady also tricks Regina.
They actually help one lose weight.
She also turns Gretchen by making.
Her think Regina thinks as a better friend instead of her.
Cady gradually loses her individual personality and remakes herself in the image of Regina.
Her act soon becomes reality.
She becomes as spiteful  abandoning Janis and Damien in the process and focusing more on her image.
Regina strikes back  spreading the entire contents around the school  inciting a riot.
To avoid suspicion  Regina also inserts a fake slander in the book.
Order to focus blame.
The riot is eventually quelled.
Math teacher Ms.
Norbury   makes.
Who also appeared.
The girls realize that all are guilty of hurting their peers.
She has each girl confess and apologize.
Regina made an insulting joke.
When Janis  turn came.
Which the crowd laughs.
Janis retaliates and openly mocks Regina with the support of the entire school.
Regina storms out  pursued  and gets hit by a school bus in her haste.
Rumors circulate.
Cady intentionally pushed Regina.
Now  shunned by Aaron.
Distrusted at school  even being distrusted by her own parents  Cady decides to make amends by taking full blame for the Burn Book.
Her guilt dissolves.
Severely punished.
She returns.
She joins the Mathletes.
Damien and Regina both described earlier  in their competition.
There  Cady has an epiphany.
Competing  realizing that even if she made fun of the girl s appearance it would not stop the girl from beating her.
Cady is elected Spring Fling Queen.
She declares  they are all wonderful in their own way and thus the victory belongs to everyone.
Her victory is meaningless.
She breaks her tiara and distributes the pieces to her classmates.
Cady makes up  reconciles with Aaron  and reaches a truce with the Plastics.
Cady reflects.
The Girl World she lives in is.
<EOS>
The picture consists four parts.
Soldiers filmed in a genre of the historical chronicle.
<EOS>
Jerry steps out  only to be met by a cleaver-wielding Tom.
Who scares a layer off him.
Tom tries to get him.
He hides underneath the DOG magazine.
He falls down the stairs.
The magazine opens.
When he lands.
Where a bulldog can be ordered.
.
He smiles  thinking.
Where Tom was chased.
Deciding to order one  he writes a letter and takes it out  at one point flying on the letter like a magic carpet.
Order to scare Tom.
Tom looks out the bedroom window and sees him flying  not knowing the true intentions.
His evil laugh scares Tom.
When he steers the letter.
The delivery truck shows up.
The delivery man wheels containing a loudly-barking dog.
Tom is almost too scared to look on.
He takes a crowbar.
Jerry whistles to come out.
It is a tiny bulldog even smaller.
Jerry is.
Tom is amazed to see the dog s small stature.
Jerry orders the dog to take care.
Jerry lifts up the dog and compares the dog.
It sits.
Causes the dog to snuggle up and fall on its head due to the dog s short legs.
He lifts up the dog.
Who then licks him  as Tom comes out to investigate.
Jerry takes the dog back  and ends up hanging on the tail.
When the dog wants to go out and meet Tom.
Tom tosses the dog.
Causes the dog to buzz saw his right arm hair off.
He is still smiling.
The dog repeats  leading him to frantically try and shake the dog off.
The dog hits the ground  only to buzzsaw on Tom s tail  turning part of it into sausages.
Seeing the state  he runs into the house screaming.
The rest sees Tom without fur covering either of his arms.
He regains that.
A satisfied Jerry pats the dog.
Who then snuggles up again.
Stepping back  the dog feels an itch and scratches.
The dog buzz saws itself  killing the flea.
When the pesky flea will not come off.
The now-proud dog tries to find Jerry searching  falling  and whimpering before seeing Tom in the window  holding Jerry by the tail in one hand and flicking his head with the other.
The angry dog charges up  running.
He shuts the door.
He is about to charge.
Jerry is trapped.
The door  however  was no match.
Who brings it down.
Tom and the dog flip the door.
The trapped Jerry watches on.
They flip widthwise.
When the door gets.
The door is back.
Tom is.
Realizing his predicament he runs and grabs an axe and tries to chop down the door.
The dog opens the lid  landing in with the now-free Jerry.
The two watch Tom.
The dog buzz saws the axe handle  leaving the blade part to fall flat.
When he breaks in.
The dog buzzsaws his entire body.
When Tom yells.
With his head  tail  and left foot bandaged  Tom heads into the hospital.
He winces.
The doctor unwraps his foot  revealing that the dog is still biting.
Tom shrugs his shoulders.
Jerry is biting.
<EOS>
The movie opens.
He is alerted stalking him.
Causes him to gallop.
He is followed.
Who are chasing him.
They surround him and prepare to attack.
Meanwhile  a boy and his parents  the last  are forced to leave their dog behind.
They knew that their pet would not be happy and would be forced to send him back to the dog pound.
Later that day   he is soon found.
Trying to find shelter.
Of whom were abandoned pets belonging.
Their leader  a massive golden-haired mongrel  immediately accepts the dog.
Jerry has moved.
They also brought.
Along their family dog  a German Shepherd named Riley.
Jerry s dog chases into the trees  but is attacked by an unknown creature and injured in the right hind leg.
Dropping off some garbage.
He discovered.
When Jerry goes back to see what it was that attacked Riley.
It was a feral dog  who had apparently also stole the rabbit that his dog was chasing.
He immediately sent word  to keep a watchful eye out for the dog and kill it.
They ever see it again.
McMinnimee   soon learns to his home.
Who lives alone with his German Shepherd Shazah.
McMinnimee s dog starts up a riot and tries to break out.
When a storm hit the island one evening.
The old man  armed  opens the door to his cabin and tries to find out.
Who is intruding.
Shazah bolts out  but is suddenly attacked by the golden-haired mongrel plus several feral dogs.
McMinnimee is too late to save his dog.
He manages to shoot and kill a collie  one.
The dogs break and attack the old man  killing him.
He tries to secure the door and windows.
The following morning   Millie notices.
Relaxing that Jerry had built for her.
Something is scaring their poultry.
She goes outside and discovers the same mongrel.
Jerry saw the other day lurking.
She tries to drive it off.
The dog growls  forcing Millie to seek refuge in her Volkswagen car.
Jerry arrives and drives the dogs off  killing a Labrador retriever.
The rest surround the car and try to break in.
He takes Millie  drops her off at one of the abandoned houses  and warns his neighbor Cobb of the pack.
Jerry picks up his sons and takes them back.
Cobb leaves to warn the other islanders.
Meanwhile  one moves to the island with his son Tommy  a cook Lois  and his wife Marge.
The day  Dodge urges his son Tommy to go for a walk.
Lois goes along.
Tommy hears the pack of dogs howling nearby and starts running for his life.
Lois chases  but quickly loses him and is forced to seek refuge in an abandoned barn.
Where the dogs sleep.
Tommy runs.
Soon trapped.
He jumps off the cliff and falls to his death.
Lois seeks refuge.
As a storm hits the island.
She lays down and falls asleep.
She discovers.
When she wakes up.
The dogs have returned.
The dogs growl menacingly.
They attack Lois  killing her and eating her corpse.
Meanwhile  Jerry and Cobb manage to warn Walter  Dodge  and Marge and bring them back to the house.
But  he believes.
When Jerry arrives.
Something is wrong when the old man does not respond.
He then discovers the dead bodies  and the collie.
He finds the old man s lifeless body inside having already been attacked and mauled by the pack.
Jerry then leaves Mcinnimee s cabin just managing to avoid the pack.
Who had been stalking him.
He returns and tells Lois and the others of.
What had happened.
He even states  but were abandoned to survive.
Most were once tourists  pets.
Dodge  concerned and outraged  persuades Jerry to find him.
His son Tommy is still out lost.
Jerry  accompanied  head out to the abandoned barn and find the dogs running away.
Dodge  armed  shoots and kills a dalmatian.
The pack runs off.
The men find Lois  mangled body lying in a corner  but do not find Tommy.
Dodge  believing  steals Jerry s jeep and drives off  with Jerry and Cobb following him in Cobb s truck.
His son is dead.
Dodge soon encounters the pack of the abandoned houses.
The dogs attack him and tear him.
He can even shoot.
Jerry and Cobb soon find Dodge and drive off the dogs.
Dodge succumbs and dies the next day.
Jerry orders are Jerry s shotgun and a handful of cartridges  a couple of sticks  an umbrella  and a few knives.
Millie  Walter  and Cobb to find whatever weapons they can use  but the only weapons they can find.
Later that same day  Jerry  his family  and the few remaining inhabitants find themselves by the pack.
Later that afternoon  the mongrel and four other dogs launch an attack on the house  trying to break through the windows  but Jerry  Millie  their sons  and Cobb struggle to hold them off.
Two  a Doberman Pinscher and an Irish setter  manage to break inside the house.
Jerry kills the setter.
The rest flee after failing to break through the windows and get into the house.
Realizing  Jerry tells his family  Marge  Cobb  and Walter to board up the windows and doors.
The dogs will return.
Later that night  the group carries Dodge s body down and place him in a boat  pushing it out to sea to prevent the pack from trying to get at it.
Knowing  they then quickly return and lock themselves inside.
The dogs will be back.
The following morning  Walter wakes up and hears the sound.
He grabs Jerry s shotgun and runs down.
He fires a shot  trying to signal them to land at the docks.
The people believe.
He is threatening them and drive away.
Walter turns around  only to find the dogs standing.
He fights them off.
The mongrel and two other dogs quickly overpower him and knock him into the water.
Meanwhile  Jerry  having heard the sound.
Walter has headed down.
The dogs turn their attention and charge him.
Jerry drives his vehicle.
The moving jeep runs  killing a gray terrier mongrel and forcing the rest of the dogs to retreat into the forest.
Jerry pulls Walter out and drives him back to the house.
Tired  Jerry orders Millie to take Marge  Riley  Walter  and their sons out to the docks.
He and Cobb would try to finish off the pack.
Jerry lures the mongrel and the remainder into the house.
Cobb waits quietly.
As soon  Cobb closes the door  pours several bucketloads of gasoline on the walls  and sets the house on fire with a torch.
The dogs are all inside.
Jerry then climbs up the ladder and tries to raise it to prevent the dogs from following him.
The mongrel leaps and manages to reach the top.
Jerry holds him off.
He pushes the dog back and jumps  sliding off the roof and lands on the grass below.
The flames reach the floor.
The mongrel leaps out and springs at Jerry.
He misses his aim and is embedded.
Millie and the others return and watch.
The burning building explodes and collapses  killing all the dogs inside.
They soon discover.
One apparently did not join the fate of his comrades because the rope he was tied to had been caught and tangled in a heavy branch.
Realizing  Jerry decides to try to tame it.
The dog was apparently afraid and not as savage and aggressive.
Using some crackers  he feeds them one to the dog.
The film ends.
The dog starts licking Jerry s hand  apparently winning the trust and becoming a pet again.
<EOS>
Driving  Dr Harrison Rogers of the Bureau of Sexological Investigation searches out luminary figures in the world of sex.
<EOS>
She travels alone.
When Aida is dumped.
Her former lover s younger brother.
Lorenzo takes her  protecting her.
The two become lovers.
The pair have many obstacles  their ages and Lorenzo s family.
Who go.
Aida begins a relationship.
Lorenzo is unwilling to let go.
Lorenzo leaves Aida as a farewell gift.
When they do eventually part.
<EOS>
Jean  a wealthy French kid  moves.
Muggs and the rest are reluctant to have a kid like Jean in town.
Jean s nanny moved Jean.
That he could learn to be a normal kid.
She enlists Muggs and his pals to teach Jean American games  and eventually invite him.
Muggs is happy  but later decides to kick Jean off the team.
He appears to be showing off too much.
Jean s nanny talks some sense  telling them.
Jean just wants to be.
<EOS>
The boys are painters.
Who run.
He promises them.
If they take out a policy proving that he has gone insane  they can collect $ 500 a month.
Moe and Larry bring Curly to the office of Dr D.
Lerious.
Curly s pretending to be a hound is so.
The doctor declares he must operate.
The Stooges flee  and hide out and are soon infested with fleas.
Dr Lerious eventually catches up.
Curly is sent.
Eventually  the trio get away  bump into their pal Jerry  and give him the works.
<EOS>
Frank Goode  a recently widowed retiree  is getting ready to come visit him.
One though  each of his children call to cancel on him at the last minute.
Feeling a bit down  Frank decides to head out on a cross-country trip  visiting each of his kids  despite warnings against travel from his doctor.
He is chronically ill making PVC-covered power lines.
He deceives his children  telling them.
He is fine.
Travels to each of his children s homes  beginning with his son David.
Who s absent.
His other son and daughters side-step his surprise visits and make excuses.
He begins to suspect.
Something is amiss.
He heads home by plane and suffers a heart attack.
They finally tell him the truth  David has died.
Frank visits his wife s grave and talks to her.
He tells her all and.
They re all doing fine.
The plot resolves wins out.
<EOS>
Barbra Streisand portrays Yentl Mendel  a girl living.
Yentl s father  Rebbe Mendel  secretly instructs her despite the proscription of such study by women according to the custom of her community.
Yentl decides to dress like a man  take her late brother s name  Anshel  and enter a Jewish religious school.
Yentl befriends a fellow student  Avigdor  and meets his fiancee  Hadass.
The story is complicated.
Hadass s family cancels her wedding to Avigdor that his family is tainted with insanity  and decides that she should marry Anshel instead.
Meanwhile  Hadass develops romantic feelings.
Yentl herself is falling with Avigdor.
Avigdor and Hadass are reunited.
Yentl leaves Europe to go.
Where she hopes to lead a life.
<EOS>
Chouia cinema examines the deep desire of Algerians for films  in a country.
Was deprived for almost two decades.
Shot  the film introduces the viewer to passionate people -- filmmakers  producers  actors.
Who voice their anger.
<EOS>
Billy Heinlickburger is 18  has no job  and no friends.
He daydreams  but fails to follow through with any of his aspirations due to his not wanting to work.
He wishes to get back together.
She has moved forward  but agrees to a few for a few dates anyway.
Billy s German parents  Jurgen Heinlickburger and Gertrude Heinlickburger  are both eccentric.
Jurgen has maintained a monotonous diet of Spam sandwiches and raw carrots.
Gertrude is simply and totally paranoid.
But they both pressure Billy continuely to leave home and get a job.
This constant friction forces Billy to decide once and.
He will change his ways.
<EOS>
Arah dreams -- different from the life.
She knows.
Ranches everywhere are closing one.
The glory was slowly disappearing abroad  particularly in Australia.
Her hometown once knew.
Arah believes this too.
Australia will save them.
But Migo does not share this belief.
He believes.
Bukidnon s glory will return if only people did nt leave.
Arah is left.
When Arah s father suddenly encounters an accident.
To seek better opportunities to earn money.
Arah  accepts money from the Australian rancher Brian in exchange for a contract.
Her decision breaks Migo s heart.
The two part ways  their problems unresolved.
Especially her new found friend  Ina  Arah slowly adjusted to the life in Australia.
She is willing to hold her ground and tough it up along to fulfill her dreams for herself and her family.
It was this determination.
Caught the attention.
Meanwhile  Migo was experiencing his own wave.
Bukidnon is not.
What it used to be.
And fighting to keep a ranch alive and working is something.
He can not do.
His investments crumble slowly -- there is money in Australia.
He is left.
His dreams should nt really end there.
Migo decides to give the land down.
What he lost.
Where his beloved Arah went when she left him.
Suddenly  Migo s presence is making Arah suspicious.
It s been years.
Is he suddenly there.
The two are thrown together on an errand.
The close proximity forces the two to confront their past.
And undeniably  their feelings resurface.
Will Arah let Migo or will she let him go completely for the sake of Brian and her family.
<EOS>
A young woman called.
Matea come to work.
The relationship caused the rage of the people.
<EOS>
The short-story adaptations are set to 1893 within a frame story set in 1946  near the end of Wells  life.
When he is interviewed.
Jane is shown to be a student  with Wells initially one of her two potential suitors  the other being a member of the college staff.
Wells is portrayed.
Who is not scientifically trained.
Eventually their friendship becomes more intimate.
They move in together.
<EOS>
Socialite but penniless orphan Lily Bart is living.
Who insists that she takes.
Balking and remaining faithful to her impecunious sweetheart Lawrence Seldon  Lily is desirous of maintaining her luxurious lifestyle  she acceptes the financial favors of some married millionaires but refuses to surrender her virtue in return.
She discovers that her sainted Seldon has been fooling around.
<EOS>
Two NASCAR hopefuls  driver Larry Rayder and his mechanic Deke Sommers  successfully execute a supermarket heist to finance their jump.
They extort $ 150000 by holding his wife and daughter hostage.
They are confronted by Larry s one-night stand  Mary Coombs.
She coerces them to take her along.
The sheriff  Captain Franklin  obsessively pursues the trio  only to find his patrol cars unable to catch Larry  Mary and Deke.
They ditch the Impala.
Larry s vehicle soon enters an expansive walnut grove.
Wherein the trees provide significant cover.
The many intersecting roads making road blocks ineffective.
The trio evades several Dodge Polara patrol cars  a specially-prepared high-performance police interceptor  and even Captain Franklin himself.
Nearing the border and believing  Larry and company meet their doom.
They ve finally beaten the police.
When they randomly collide.
<EOS>
Ema Emmy Hasure hides in a pyramid from her mother  will.
Who wants her daughter to marry.
Emmy prays to get her out of this mess.
The gods answer Emmy s prayers  she travels  on a hunt for true love.
Philadelphia  1987   he is fired.
When young mannequin-manufacturer  Jonathan Switcher  loses himself.
Jonathan finds odd jobs  yet none work out.
His sculptor background makes him less than ideal.
Jonathan sees the mannequin.
Walk with his girlfriend Roxie Shield.
He created.
The next morning  Jonathan waits.
He saves the manager  Claire Timkin.
The grateful Claire hires Jonathan from Vice-President Richards.
Who assigns Jonathan to be a stock boy.
Jonathan hits it off with flamboyant window dresser Hollywood Montrose.
Who has been working.
That night  Hollywood and Jonathan construct a window display.
They have a run-in  Captain Felix Maxwell  and his cowardly bulldog Rambo.
The mannequin comes as Emmy.
When Jonathan is alone.
He is obsessed.
The next morning  Jonathan tells Roxie.
She does not believe him.
Jonathan s window-dressing attracts large audiences  including Roxie and  unfortunately  B.
J.
Wert  president  a rival department store.
It is revealed.
VP Richards is a corporate spy.
Richards wants to fire Jonathan.
Claire points out.
Jonathan s designs are increasing sales.
Richards proposes to sell Prince & Company for 10 % of the former s value.
Claire refuses.
The other board members promote Jonathan.
Emmy and Jonathan s relationship snowballs.
Every night  she helps him and Hollywood create window displays.
Which dazzle everyone and which  ultimately  makes the store famous throughout Philadelphia.
Both dressers still have to deal - the latter of whom also has to deal with Armand  another Illustra employee.
Who keeps angling with her.
One morning  Maxwell is caught sleeping by Claire.
Who fires him.
VP Richards sticks up  but succeeds only in getting.
Himself fired also.
Claire promotes Jonathan.
Meanwhile  the window designs are still bringing for Prince & Company  at Illustra s expense.
Armand sneaks at night and takes pictures of Emmy.
The jealous Wert sees the pictures and calls.
They plan to steal Emmy - not knowing - and put her at Illustra.
She is alive.
Jonathan takes Emmy.
Roxie offers Jonathan work.
He already has a job  moreover  he and Emmy are.
Maxwell and Richards break.
They search but can not tell her apart from all the other mannequins  so they wind up stealing every mannequin in the store.
The next morning  Hollywood and Jonathan discover.
What has happened.
They dash and look around for her.
Jonathan suspects the truth and turns him down.
When Wert offers Jonathan Richards  old job.
Roxie storms  swearing.
Jonathan will never lay eyes ever again.
Jonathan chases Roxie area of the store.
He is pursued.
Who has a new attack dog named Terminator.
The dog completely ignores Jonathan.
Roxie loads Emmy and all the other stolen mannequins.
Jonathan is cornered.
Hollywood assist.
Jonathan charges up the trash incinerator s conveyor belt.
She comes upon seeing this happen  hits an Emergency Stop button.
Maxwell and his fellow guards rush  followed by Wert.
Who attempts to have Jonathan arrested.
Then Claire walks from her newly-installed CCTV system.
Wert attempts to seduce Claire.
Who rebukes him.
Richards and Maxwell are arrested.
Seeing Emmy alive  Maxwell questions his own sanity  the police drag him away.
Wert s final act is to fire his whole staff  including the treacherous Roxie.
Claire   promotes Hollywood to manage the former.
Who now owns Illustra as well as Prince & Company.
Emmy and Jonathan are married as best man.
Looking on  the entire Prince & Company family congratulate them.
<EOS>
MyMusic is the primary series.
It documents the antics.
Where   the staff go by the varying music genres with which they associate.
CEO and founder Indie heads the team.
Consists. 
The company claims to have been given the YouTube original channel  and has a documentary crew filming them day.
<EOS>
Ramprasad Dashrathprasad Sharma is looking.
He and his sister Ratna have no relatives or acquaintances.
DrKedar tells him.
Shankar is a weird man.
He is a man  hence he naturally hates youth wearing modern clothes.
He is a sports fan  but thinks lowly knowing anything about sports.
But his most weird trait is hatred.
He thinks.
Men are characterless.
Ramprasad has a moustache  so Bhavani s hatred is no problem.
He takes care by wearing kurta & feigning ignorance about sports.
Bhavani hires him immediately.
Ram is a hardworking guy  so Bhavani have no problems.
However  Ram once takes leave.
His mother has taken ill.
Bhavani Shankar   sees him there.
Who also attended the match.
The next day Bhavani summons Ramprasad and asks him about the Hocky Test match.
Remembering the plot.
A friend is shooting.
He had seen his moustache-less identical twin Lucky.
Bhavani Shankar buys his argument & feels bad and decides to make amends by hiring Lucky to teach his daughter Urmila music.
Ramprasad reluctantly shaves his moustache to become Lucky and starts to teach music.
He is helped.
Now Urmila aka Urmi is the exact opposite.
She takes immediate liking.
Ram is barely noticed.
Bhavani notices this & gives Ram another job to tutor.
Meanwhile  Mrs Srivastav  a socialite  is roped to play the part.
She also ends up playing her own twin in front of Bhavani.
Ram decides to tell Urmila the truth.
Urmila tells him to tell the truth as well.
Ram goes to tell the truth.
Bhavani sees Ram s moustache giving away.
Bhavani exposes Ram  but ends up thinking that Lucky murdered Ram & impersonated.
Him to marry Urmila.
Follows. 
The Senior Inspector mistakes him.
Is. 
When his Inspector identifies Bhavani Shankar.
He freed.
A harried Bhavani has developed hatred for twin as well.
He finds.
Urmila & Lucky are married.
He refuses to give them blessings.
DrKedar comes.
Now  Bhavani becomes even more furious  but  relents.
The film ends.
<EOS>
Most describes and explores the daily life of the Svan people.
Who are living isolated in a harsh natural environment in the mountainous region of Svanetia.
The film starts.
Now there are far reaches where the patriarchal way of life persists along with remnants of the clan system.
Svanetia and the mountain village are then located on two slowly dissolving maps of the region and are described.
Cut off by mountains and glaciers.
The location is further introduced by several expository shots showing the Svanetian landscape.
The film then concentrates.
One sequence shows.
How sheep are raised  and how wool and yarn are produced.
Another scene shows a suspension bridge and a man trying to cross it.
A harvest is shown.
Other scenes show.
The Svan people tailor their clothes  make hats  cut their hair and bury their dead.
The film then concentrates.
Cut off  the village suffers from a shortage of salt.
It is shown.
This forces the animals to lick human sweat and urine.
The solution is presented in the climax of the film.
Where the young Soviet power builds a road that connects the isolated region.
The film shows.
Teams arrive  cutting down a forest that is the last obstacle for the road that will connect the Svan people with Soviet civilisation.
<EOS>
The story starts.
Where prisoner Muthupandi is telling his life story.
Muthupandi is a self - made  Hard working man.
Who dotes.
Their mother died.
When Kavitha was little.
It was Muthupandi.
Who brought her up.
Kavitha s best friend Lalitha is getting married  she takes Kavitha to her house.
This is the first time.
Kavitha has been away.
She refused.
She does nt want be away.
However  her brother advised her  he wont be alone.
Its only 15 days and he ll be fine.
He has two servants to accompany him.
She agrees to the visit.
Lalitha s cousin Santhosh  the happy-go-lucky son  comes to India with his mother for Lalitha s marriage.
Santhosh is the opposite.
The first time does not leave a good impression.
They met.
The two fall.
Fate would have it.
Santhosh s sophisticated mother refuses their relation and cares.
Santhosh s mother has already agreed to marry her son.
Santhosh s mother had never broke a promise.
Shalini gets suspicious.
She can tell.
When she sees Santhosh chasing Kavitha.
There is something going on.
Angrily  she went up and sees a beautiful horse and  next to it  a note saying do not touch.
However  Shalini breaks it.
She was unhappy.
She wants Kavitha to be unhappy  too.
The horse was a gift to to Kavitha.
When she was little.
Kavitha has alwaays looked very carefully.
It was the most precious thing.
She had.
She cries.
When Kavitha finds.
She does nt stop crying.
Whenslalitha advised her.
Santhosh could nt bear to see Kavitha unhappy.
He glued the horse together  which made Kavitha like him more.
Janaki sends Santhosh out of the house on the pretense of buying some bangles.
As soon  she insults Kavitha.
He leaves.
Kavitha s brother   is also insulted.
Who excitedly arrives.
Muthupandi leaves to make a fuss at the wedding.
Santhosh gets word.
Kavitha has left him and is heartbroken.
Lalitha convinces Santhosh.
Kavitha has not left him because she left the most precious thing in her room for him to take.
He travels and asks Muthupandi for his sister s hand in marriage.
Muthupandi   says.
Who is offended and angry.
He hates rich people because he believes that his mother s death was caused and that Santhosh s mother s actions only made things worse.
Santhosh begs.
He left his parents and his luxurious life behind.
Muthupandi still appears disgusted but relents.
He challenges Santhosh to live the life  taking care of livestock.
Thinking Santhosh would leave  Muthupandi simply smiles and waits.
Him to grab his bags.
Santhosh accepts the condition.
The hardships take up much.
Santhosh faces and how he rises.
Not only does Santhosh succeed  he also finds a place in Muthupandi s heart.
Soon  Santhosh s mother sends goons to take Kavitha away.
Together  Santhosh and Muthupandi save her.
Santhosh kills the goon.
Muthupandi takes the blame.
The story comes back.
Where Muthupandi wraps up the story.
The officer tells him.
Santhosh and Kavitha are probably married.
It is revealed.
Santhosh and Kavitha were waiting.
He looks and finds out.
When he is released.
Kavitha never got married because Santhosh insisted that their marriage should be when Muthupandi is free.
Kavitha and Santhosh s marriage happens.
Santhosh s mother also comes.
All ends well.
It is hinted.
Muthupandi and Valli may have a romantic relationship soon.
<EOS>
Widower farmer  Dayal Singh  based in the Chandigarh district  witnesses the exploitation of farmers at the hands of zamindars.
He decides to send his elder son  Aman.
His second son  Jiggar  would live and assist him in farming.
Years later  the district gets a visit.
Who wants to buy the farm and turn the area.
Aman returns home and is able to join hands in advising the locals against Sohan.
Things get out  is sentenced to five years in prison.
When Jiggar is arrested  and even though Aman defends him.
Jiggar returns home to find his father.
Half paralyzed  and that a number of farmers have committed suicide.
Aman  who has married his sweetheart-fellow lawyer  Priya  lives  works for Sohan  and has been putting pressure on Dayal as well as other farmers to sell their farmlands.
Aman starts to distance  Priya promises Dayal Singh  suddenly a fire takes place in the village burning everything  the villain of the town throws Priya in the fire.
He will bring Aman back.
She is burned.
Aman finds out.
Priya was working and reading the file he finds out that Sohan Seth was wrong and sends him to jail for the bad things that he done.
Aman comes to live.
There all are seen working together.
<EOS>
Bong-soo has been working.
There   Bong-soo has never been late.
Years if you count his school days.
However  he purposely decides to skip work one day.
There is only one reason.
Has suddenly stopped.
He realized.
He does not have a single person to call.
He does not know.
A 27-year-old woman Won-ju is looking over to him  nourishing a small love.
Bong-soo and Won-ju run  at the Ramen restaurant  at the bank  at the bus station.
All kinds occur.
Bong-soo still does not truly recognize Won-ju s presence.
One day   Bong-soo discovers someone pitifully calling out his name.
Looking. 
Does not even record sound.
<EOS>
The plot concerns a man  Joe Blake.
Who works.
He gets drunk and decides to commit suicide.
When he finds out that the girl he is with  Molly  is getting married.
Joe offers to leave all his possessions.
Zilch will arrange a painless death.
The next day Joe finds out.
He has received an inheritance and wants to live.
Zilch and his men   abduct Joe and demand half his money.
Joe escapes  a woman  resulting in a wild speedboat chase across Sydney harbour.
Who has a crush.
<EOS>
Dr John Benton the famous explorer  drinks from the water bottle on his lecture table  collapses and dies.
His last words have to work on.
Eternal Fire are the only clue Chinese detective Jimmy Wong and Captain Street.
Win Len  Benton s secretary  reveals.
The doctor s dying words refer.
Wong and Street then begin the search.
<EOS>
The film follows Irish musicians Irish musicians Liam o Maonlai and Paddy Keenan.
Who was raised  on a journey covering thousands of miles from Bamako in the south to Timbuktu  from where they enter the Sahara.
Their journey takes them  stopping in villages and river towns such as Mopti and Djenne  playing instruments such as the harp  bodhran  whistles and Uilleann pipes with local musicians including Afel Bocoum  Toumani Diabate  Tinariwen  and Tartit.
The film highlights the many similarities  including circular repetitive rhythms  similar instruments and a similar style of singing.
Their ultimate destination is Essakane  90 km outside.
Where they performed at the world s most remote music festival  Festival au Desert.
<EOS>
Vishaal is a careless youngster.
Who does not have any set goals.
His friend Shivu is serious and advises Vishaal to reform himself.
But Vishaal   finds his own way to deal.
Whose parents allow him a lot.
He falls with Nandini and wants to marry her.
Nandini wants Vishaal to take up a job.
It will help her discuss the marriage proposal.
He thinks.
She is the one where he has to choose between his music career and her.
They break up.
Later Vishaal meets television anchor Rashmi.
Who is ready to marry him.
Vishaal realises.
He wishes to be alone.
Meanwhile  his best friend Shivu falls ill.
The film ends.
IBN Live Movie Review - ` Lifu Ishtene  is entertaining.
<EOS>
Luke meets Matt  son  Moose.
CJ Renegade and his chestnut colt named Joe Brown.
Who is.
Moose asks Luke to take care  and to help him to take possession of a piece of land.
So starts their travel  full.
<EOS>
A cinematographic essay  Friedrich Nietzsche spent in Turin  Italy  with narration quoted by his original writings.
It was there.
The philosopher wrote some.
<EOS>
Major League Baseball manager Sparky Smith is fired with the Seattle Mariners.
His attitude has gotten him with George  the owner of the Mariners.
No other teams seem to want any part.
The Olympic Games are coming up  however.
A spirit exists in the new Russia.
Is trying to field its first Olympic baseball team.
Sparky reluctantly accepts an offer to move to coach the players.
Of whom do nt even know the game s fundamentals.
The players are predictably inept.
Sparky begins to learn.
The real joy is in the effort and the camaraderie.
An exhibition game ultimately is arranged.
Sparky and his young  eager Russians get to play.
<EOS>
B.
White s popular children s book  it tells the story of a young Trumpeter Swan and is vying for the attention of a beautiful pen.
Who is born.
He overcomes this.
<EOS>
CIA analyst Douglas Freeman is briefing a newly arrived CIA agent.
When a suicide attack kills this agent and 18 other people.
The target was a high-ranking police official  Abasi Fawal.
Who is and whose tasks include conducting interrogations and overseeing the application of techniques amounting to torture.
Fawal escapes unscathed.
Egyptian-born Anwar El-Ibrahimi  a chemical engineer  is linked by telephone records indicating.
Who lives with his mother  his pregnant wife Isabella  and their young son.
Known terrorist Rashid placed several calls.
Returning from a conference in South Africa  he is detained by American officials and sent to a secret detention facility near the location of the suicide attack depicted earlier.
Where he is interrogated and tortured.
Isabella is not informed.
All records are erased.
Records remain.
Freeman is assigned to observe the interrogation of Anwar.
Whose interrogator is Fawal himself.
He is doubtful of Anwar s guilt.
His boss  Corrine Whitman  insists.
The detention continue  justifying such treatments as necessary to save thousands.
Growing worried  Isabella travels to see old friend Alan Smith   and plead with him to find out.
Who now works to Senator Hawkins.
What has happened.
She s first informed.
Anwar was not  but she presents his credit-card record   this confirms.
Shows that he purchased something.
He was.
Smith slowly pieces together details.
He is unable to convince the senator  nor Corrine Whitman.
Who had ordered the rendition  to release him  or to even openly acknowledge that the rendition had taken place.
Smith advises Isabella to get an excellent lawyer.
The senator advises him to let it go.
He knows.
She refuses.
His sympathetic secretary quietly tips Isabella off on.
When Whitman will be next.
The next day Isabella confronts Whitman.
Who avoids her questions and pretends to know nothing.
Frustrated  Isabella storms out -- and goes into labor in the hallway.
Eventually  Anwar confesses.
He advised Rashid and was promised $ 40000 in return.
Suspicious  Freeman asks.
It s a false confession.
Where the money is.
Anwar replies but the courier never arrived.
It should have been delivered in South Africa.
Freeman s suspicions are confirmed.
When he has the names Anwar gives traced and draws a blank.
He then Googles the names and learns.
They are the names.
He also expresses doubt as.
Whether Anwar would be willing to put his life  family  and job.
When his annual salary is $.
He quotes  I fear.
Shakespeare s The Merchant in a discussion with the minister of the interior on the value of intelligence gathered through torture.
You speak.
Where men enforced do speak anything.
What happens.
He hangs up.
When Lee Mayers  his immediate boss  calls to tell him to give Anwar back.
Angered.
Anwar has suffered.
Humiliates Whitman and Hawkins.
Abasi s daughter Fatima has run away from home with her boyfriend Khalid.
Fatima sees a picture.
He does not tell her.
What has happened.
Abasi is told and later died.
Khalid s brother was an inmate.
Fatima is unaware.
Khalid is a member until his friends are arrested at a planned march.
He leads her.
Realizing  she runs off.
Khalid s brother met his death and that Khalid is about to assassinate him.
It is then revealed.
This second story took place.
Fatima begs him not to do it  arguing.
The target is her father.
He hesitates  and is therefore killed by the organizers of the attack.
He releases the handle of the detonator.
The bomb explodes  killing Fatima.
Abasi rushes to Khalid s apartment and discovers his grandmother grief-sticken over the loss of both her grandsons and Fatima.
Abasi then realises.
His daughter died trying to protect him and is filled.
The record is not explained in the film.
However  earlier it was mentioned.
Phones are sometimes passed on to another in order to avoid phone tracing.
The film s director  Gavin Hood  stated.
The lack was deliberate  so as to create ambiguity on whether Anwar was guilty or innocent  and to let the viewer decide whether this ambiguity warranted torture.
<EOS>
The Umbrella Corporation sends in a research team to re-open the complex.
The team is slaughtered.
Lickers and the undead escape.
Umbrella establishes a security perimeter.
However  a little girl goes missing.
Alice was recovered by Umbrella and experimented on.
She now has superhuman strength  speed and agility.
Waking up  she wanders outside to find.
The city is a ghost town.
She arms herself from a police car and starts walking.
She is disturbed.
Who keeps showing up.
Police officer Jill Valentine confers.
Umbrella is evacuating civilians.
However  the T-virus infects a man having a heart attack  turning him.
Bites Peyton.
Umbrella supervisor Timothy Cain seals the exit and orders his soldiers to fire over the crowd s heads  scaring them back.
Elsewhere  Carlos Olivera and other Umbrella soldiers link up to defend against an onslaught of zombies in the city.
Their positions are overrun  causing Carlos and his team to retreat.
Who turns and infects Carlos before being killed.
Jill  Peyton and a news reporter named  they are saved by the heavily armed Alice.
Terri Morales lock themselves.
Umbrella dispatches their Nemesis program to kill all remaining STARS operatives  and plan.
When Nemesis encounters a surviving citizen  L.
J.
And members  they open fire.
He guns the STARS down but spares L.
J.
S life.
When he drops his weapons.
Dr Charles Ashford  an Umbrella scientist and creator  has refused extraction.
He has located and rescued his daughter Angela  and soon figures out she is hiding out after the car crash.
He contacts Alice and the other survivors  and offers to arrange their evacuation for rescuing Angela.
Alice is separated.
When Nemesis appears and kills the zombified Peyton.
Jill and Terri make it  picking up L.
J.
Encounter Carlos and Nicholai  acting on the same offer.
Who kill Nicholai and Terri.
They find Angela.
Angela reveals  Dr Ashford created the T-virus to allow her to walk.
She was injected.
He also created the.
Alice reveals  but is not suffering mutations.
She was injected as well.
She injects Carlos to save him.
Dr Ashford gives Alice the location at City Hall.
Where the helicopter waits.
The group makes it  but are cornered by Major Cain  and is holding him prisoner.
Who has caught wind.
All but Alice are restrained.
Seconds later Nemesis appears.
Major Cain commands Alice to fight Nemesis.
Alice refuses.
Dr Ashford is shot and killed.
She relents and fights him  impaling him.
Defeating Nemesis  she realizes.
He is Matt Addison.
Her stand rekindles a trace.
They join forces and attack the Umbrella forces.
Nemesis is killed  protecting Alice.
She is hit up helicopter and knocked out.
Angela and Carlos go.
Carlos helps her.
They escape.
Alice throws Major Cain.
He shoots a few infected people  but ultimately is overcome.
The nuclear missile detonates  destroying it completely.
The helicopter is caught and crashes.
A metal pole comes loose and is flung.
The helicopter falls.
Alice moves and is impaled  saving her.
Some hours  Umbrella employees locate the helicopter s crash site  deep in the Arklay Mountains.
There  they find Alice s body  badly burned.
The others are nowhere to be found.
Umbrella employees take her body.
The media shows.
Terri s footage has been shown  saying that Umbrella released the zombies and the.
Umbrella denies this  arguing.
It is a hoax.
Umbrella promotes a fake story.
The media announce.
Jill and Carlos are wanted.
Three weeks later   Alice awakens.
Led  the doctors begin questioning her.
Soon she recalls events.
She realizes.
The doctor who appeared is Dr Isaacs.
She attacks him  and fights her way out.
She makes her way outside only to be surrounded holding her at gunpoint.
Suddenly  Jill  Carlos  Angela  and L.
J.
Pull up  disguised.
Carlos shows the guards a written order placing her.
Alice enters the vehicle.
Angela asks her.
They drive away.
She is all right.
She does nt respond.
Dr Isaacs is shown saying  Let them go  and then Program Alice activated.
A close-up shows a flashing Umbrella logo.
The scene then pulls away.
They are in and  where an Umbrella satellite is seen.
<EOS>
A mysterious old woman approaches Dr Paul Talbot and promises to reveal the secret of eternal youth.
Following her June Talbot witness the secret ceremony.
Utilizes orchid pollen and a victim s pineal gland secretions.
June returns and proceeds to keep herself young by killing people for their pineal secretions.
She becomes enamored  and kills his fiance to maintain her youthful appearance.
Eventually the cops come to investigate the murders.
June kills herself.
<EOS>
Partly takes place.
Who believes that two travelers may have been up to no good.
Joyce is the secretary.
Whose blind daughter  Lorna  has been kidnapped and held.
The railway station has been chosen to pay off the ransom.
Where Calhoun works.
Calhoun and fellow cop Inspector Donnelly race to find the kidnappers and bring them to justice.
<EOS>
Initially the conservative Dishart is appalled.
He soon comes to appreciate her inner goodness.
Their romantic liaison scandalizes the townspeople.
The minister s position is jeopardized.
Babbie s true identity is revealed.
<EOS>
A deadly bacteria called and causes sickness and death.
M3 is released.
Scientist Daniel Pilon works tirelessly to develop an antidote to stop the contagion.
<EOS>
Policeman Steve Barker hopes to reunite.
Who has risen to become a star undercover officer  only to find Manditis is a habitual drug user.
<EOS>
The film opens with Marshall Stouffer being chased by his two older brothers  Mark and Marty.
The two oldest brothers love using Marshall to film him.
He dislikes.
Occasionally Marty and Mark will show footage in their garage to all their friends.
Mark and Marty have a dream.
The dream starts.
When they find a rare  special camera.
Agnes loans them the money.
She was saving up.
They begin planning their trip.
Their father is.
The brothers then want to take the next step.
Again  the father says no.
Mark and Marty finally convince their father to let them go.
All set  Marty and Mark begin their trip using the family s beat and are surprised to find out Marshall.
Could nt leave them and comes along.
The mother is worried  but lets him go.
The overall goal is to find a legendary cave located somewhere in the western states.
Said to be filled.
Marty learns.
When reading an article.
The three brothers start camping.
First  they miss a shot  then go to film some alligators  and start by seeing a man.
Who was attacked.
He starts to drown  Marshall and Marty drive the boat  but it crashes.
Sends Marshall flying.
Marshall gets a knife and cuts Mark loose.
Marshall is now dealing  he and the alligator are face to face.
Marshall is able to get back.
The alligator man tells them.
When they get back.
Back when he served he befriended a fellow soldier named Phil.
Strango and Phil would exchange stories.
Strango would talk.
Phil would tell tall tales.
This rouses Marty s attention.
He asks.
Strango states.
Phil was talking somewhere out West.
The brothers then stop.
Where they get a small dose fueled counter culture of the 1960 s.
Mark catches the eye.
Who are hippies.
They take the brothers.
Marty and Mark and the two hippies go swimming.
Marshall guards the truck and the camera.
The brothers get back on the road much to Mark s reluctance.
They drive northwest.
They reach Devil s Playground  the last home of the wild American wolf.
Devil s Playground is located.
They catch footage.
There is a series.
Then as the wolf is about to ambush the doe.
The brothers look up and see two F-4 Phantoms flying overhead.
The pilots see the brothers and turn around  firing missiles.
Comes thundering.
They get up a herd.
They get to film it.
Marshall sees an owl.
When the horses pass.
Looks a lot.
The three follow it and discover a cave.
Is an ancient Indian drawing of a cave filled with bear-shaped figures.
Marty and Mark draw it and show it to an old Indian woman.
The women tells them.
It s located.
The brothers try to attract bears.
End up attracting a baby moose is a deer.
Marshall thinks.
Its mother comes and starts chasing him.
Marshall starts to pet it.
Marshall tries to escape it.
He gets.
The moose runs.
Marshall is about to drown the Mountain Man saves him.
That night Marty and Bigfoot talk about bears and the cave.
Bigfoot dismisses the cave but tells them to talk to Carrie Stokes.
Whose husband was killed.
The next day the brothers drive in Willis Peak.
Stokes tells the story.
She was mauled.
Her fiance  Judd then went but was killed by them two days.
The two were to be married.
The brothers discover.
When they return.
They were robbed.
This leads.
Ends up.
Dismayed  the brothers begin to head home.
Marshall sees a woman laying down flowers  and reminds the brothers.
They drive.
What Carrie does.
They go back and follow her.
They get in and film the bears.
Wake all up  making them angry.
They get some good shots  and sing a song.
Their dad would sing which puts the bears to sleep.
Bats come and attack them.
As they are ready to leave.
Marshall distracts one  and tells the other two to leave.
He has a way out.
The two brothers get out safely.
Marshall has a problem trying to escape the bear.
He crawls.
He gets out  and gets the camera back.
The three brothers are home.
Marshall is driving  and imagines himself flying a plane.
He crashes.
Their dad has to pick them up.
They get back home.
Their mom tells them she rented the school gym to show.
What they filmed.
Their father crashes his truck and ends up.
Driving. 
Marshall teaches himself  and flies.
To fly a plane.
His dad can see.
This does nt please his mom.
He talks.
They display their film  and everyone claps.
Their dad begins to applaud  having the crowd cheer and clap.
When their enemy DC makes a rude comment.
Marshall and his Dad smile at the end.
<EOS>
Two warring planets agree to settle their conflict.
Disguised  they can only identify each other by using special visors.
Kyle  one  befriends and eventually falls in love with Sandy  a woman.
He meets.
Kyle is the last survivor.
Sandy shoots him.
He can signal his people that he has won.
He discovers.
She is not a human being.
The other side cheated and sent her as well.
Her duty won out.
She loves him.
Weeping  she asks him.
She watches him die.
What their half-breed children would have been.
<EOS>
Longfellow Deeds  the co-owner of a tallow works  part-time greeting card poet  and tuba-playing inhabitant of the hamlet of Mandrake Falls  Vermont  inherits 20 million dollars from his late uncle  Martin Semple.
His uncle s scheming attorney  John Cedar  locates Deeds and takes him.
Cedar gives his cynical troubleshooter  ex-newspaperman Cornelius Cobb  the task.
Cobb is outfoxed  however.
Who appeals.
She pretends to faint after walking all day to find a job  and worms her way into his confidence.
Bennett proceeds to write a series mocking Longfellow s hick ways and odd behavior  giving him the moniker Cinderella Man.
Cedar tries to get Deeds s power.
Order to keep his financial misdeeds secret.
Deeds  however  proves to be a shrewd judge  easily fending off Cedar and other greedy opportunists.
He wins Cobb s wholehearted respect and eventually Babe s love.
However   he is left heartbroken.
When Cobb finds and tells Deeds  who had been in love with her.
A dispossessed farmer breaks and threatens him with a gun.
As Deeds is ready to return.
He expresses his scorn.
Who wo nt lift a finger to help the multitudes.
Deeds realizes.
The intruder comes.
What he can do.
He decides to provide fully equipped 10-acre farms.
If they will work the land for several years.
Alarmed  Cedar joins forces with Deeds  only other relative and his grasping  domineering wife in seeking to have Deeds declared mentally incompetent.
Along  this finally breaks Deeds  spirit.
He sinks.
A sanity hearing is scheduled to determine.
Who should control the Deeds  fortune.
Things look bleak for Deeds.
Since he initially refuses to defend himself.
Cedar even gets Deeds s Mandrake Falls tenants -- eccentric elderly sisters Jane and Amy Faulkner -- to testify  meaning odd.
Deeds is pixilated.
That charge falls apart.
When the two spinsters  when questioned as  reply  Why everyone  but us.
She truly loves him.
The judge declares him to be the sanest man.
Who ever walked.
<EOS>
Called Soritjae of Boseong County  South Jeolla Province.
Eventually the Dong-ho runs away but the his sister stays behind.
Some critics have stated.
This movie glorifies the father s patriarchial power as he seeks to limit his daughter s sexuality.
The Remasculinisation  by Kyung Kim.
<EOS>
Earth has been ruled for 1000 years by the Psychlos  a brutal race of giant humanoid aliens.
The remnants are either enslaved by the Psychlos and used for manual labor or survive in primitive tribes living in remote areas outside Psychlo control.
Jonnie Goodboy Tyler  a member  leaves his home in the Rocky Mountains on a journey of exploration.
He joins forces.
Both men are captured and transported to a slave camp at the Psychlos  main base on Earth  a giant dome built over the ruins of Denver  Colorado.
Terl  the Psychlo security chief  has been condemned by his superiors to remain indefinitely at his post on Earth as punishment for an unclear incident involving the Senator s daughter.
Aided  Ker  Terl devises a plan to buy his way off the planet by making a fortune using human slaves to mine gold in radioactive areas.
Psychlos are unable to visit such areas.
They breathe.
Terl selects Jonnie for the project and gives him a Psychlo education using a rapid-learning machine.
Terl gives Jonnie a party.
Him to go out and find gold.
Jonnie plots a human uprising against the Psychlos.
He obtains gold to satisfy Terl s demands  instead of mining gold.
Ordered. 
Jonnie and his followers find an abandoned underground US military base.
They use the base s flight simulators to train themselves.
The rebels launch a mass uprising against the Psychlos using Harrier jump-jets and other weapons.
Carlo sacrifices himself to destroy the dome.
The Psychlos inside suffocate.
They are unable to breathe.
Jonnie captures a Psychlo teleportation device and uses it to teleport an atomic bomb.
The ensuing detonation causes the entire Psychlo atmosphere to explode  wiping out the planet.
Ker and Terl survive but face different fates  Ker sides with the victorious humans.
Terl is imprisoned.
The film ends.
Facing an uncertain future.
<EOS>
The film opens.
The films protagonist  a gunfighter known  kills four men in a gunfight.
He is then arrested and locked up in the city jail.
Where he awaits trial.
Meanwhile  Major Clyde and his daughter Ruby are celebrating Christmas on their ranch.
They are interrupted.
Who storm the hacienda and take them hostage.
The bandits have narrowly escaped.
Which their leader Sancho has been wounded.
They decide to hold the family hostage threatening to execute two a day.
They are allowed to go free.
The house is surrounded  however he fears for the safety of the hostages  including his fiancee Ruby.
He attempts to free the hostage.
He decides to enlist the aid.
Who agrees to infiltrate the gang and free the hostages.
He at first seems the sheriff  and allows the sheriff and his posse to storm the hacienda freeing the hostages and defeating Sancho and his bandits.
He succeeds.
<EOS>
Narayan works.
A laborer owned by businessman Ratan Kumar  in Ramnagar.
Ratan had assisted him getting a job  some land  and a small house.
Narayan was an.
Where he now lives.
Narayan finds out.
Gayetri is pregnant.
Ratan asks Narayan to take some money and relocate.
Narayan gratefully does.
Gayetri gives birth.
Narayan takes him.
Her child was.
Gayetri and Narayan eventually return.
Gayetri finds a job.
Luck woould have it.
Her son lives in.
He meets Shyam and likes him.
When Ratan s son  Kamal  returns.
He demands.
When he finds out that his school-teacher is Gayetri.
Gayetri be fired as she is not.
Are the questions to be discovered later.
Who is Shyam s father  why Gayetri remains silent  and what Kamal knows about Gayetri s background.
<EOS>
The story starts off.
Kent shakingly answers.
The child questions him.
Kent shockingly dissolves himself.
Cut is being made with some of his childhood friends present.
One  named Layne Banixter  has recently moved back.
He observes a shaggy individual hiding  then leaving.
Another friend  Toot  is drinking himself  rambling about the suspicious circumstances.
Layne is.
Which Kent died.
Apparently  another death occurred with no body found  just the clothes.
Toot argues but his clothes either.
Kent was because there was nothing of him.
He ends up passing out.
All this trouble started since Layne came back.
Layne has a short conversation  asking him.
Toot will be taken care of.
Assured  he heads home.
He observes several children in a coma-like state outside clutching coins and an eerie chant of We all scream for ice cream  wafting quietly through the night.
Concerned  Layne drives off.
Panicking  he brakes and questions the child.
He too is holding a coin and answers.
He does nt want to miss the ice cream man.
He carries the boy and confronts his wife about.
What just happened.
Noticeably concerned  Layne begins to tell her.
He was a decent soul.
Who drove an ice-cream truck and wore a clown suit.
He was a friend.
He was generous and often performed tricks.
Layne and his group are standing  watching his usual antics with the children.
When another kid joins them.
The neighborhood bully  Virgil Constance  is disliked but manages to drag them along for his stunts.
He approaches Buster and begins taunting him  finally pulling off his clown nose revealing a burnt stub - Buster has no real nose.
The poor man falls  hiding it and in obvious distress.
Layne ends the story there  stating.
One day Buster simply died.
He gets a phone call and arrives at the scene of the Toot s death - his clothes in a pile of something soft and gooey.
The man home states.
Who was driving him.
He saw a wild-eyed man as soon as he found the remains.
Both Layne and Joe know.
It was Virgil.
Layne asks her to take the kids.
When his wife wakes up the next morning.
She refuses and demands to know.
What part he omitted.
Distressed  Layne tells her.
Virgil planned a prank whereby once he was distracted  one of them would start his truck and make it roll down the hill.
Virgil forces Layne to start the truck.
Buster is asked to get change and then made to drop the coins.
Begins rolling straight.
Too busy picking up coins  Buster is run over by the truck and dies immediately from the injuries.
The kids are frightened and scatter.
That night  Layne goes to see the adult Virgil - the shaggy man.
He spotted to see the drunk man alive.
He finds him down place.
Looks. 
Buster drove.
Virgil is after another at Layne.
Who only wants to know what happened.
Virgil tells him.
He then laughs.
He does not have any kids though he has had a few women.
Meanwhile  a ghostly ice-cream truck stops.
Layne witnesses Virgil simply melt away into the tub  shaking and screaming  exposing his bones.
Layers roll off him like.
Layne tests out the outside sprinklers as well as places some ordinary strawberry ice-cream into one of Buster s ice-cream wrappers.
He found earlier.
Papa Joe s son succumbs  killing his father.
He melts.
Layne s wife s car stops  the children hear.
Her doors and windows are frosted over.
The alluring tune all scream for ice-cream  and run out of the car.
Layne hears the same tune and  carrying a small cooler  walks outside.
Buster s vengeful spirit offers an.
They show up  entranced.
Layne and Buster struggle together turns on the garden sprinklers  freezing the clown.
They fight over it.
This does not stop Buster but Layne s son sees an ice-cream an ice-cream made.
Fell out and takes out of the wrapper.
Is shaped exactly.
One bite and the clown dies just.
We see the family outside the car  all ready to move to a new place.
Layne hears the old creepy tune again.
Everyone gets in.
The film ends.
<EOS>
Two big game hunters are.
They observe zebras  ostrich and a hippopotamus  and catch a small monkey.
They are awakened by a lion.
Kills a small goat and then the hunters  horse.
The hunters shoot the lion.
It stands.
They discover another lion and shoot it also.
The lions are gutted and skinned.
The happy hunters sit and smoke cigarettes afterward.
<EOS>
Small town  the American dream.
A blue-collar family living the idyllic rural lifestyle.
Nothing is out except for the lack of white picket fences and the old jail.
Occupies the second floor.
Seth Delray knew the possibilities.
He moved his wife and two kids.
The Sheriff assured him.
It would be an act to put that place back in to service.
Times are tight.
It was just too good.
That is.
The county jail caught fire.
The Sheriff hands were tied.
He had to put the displaced inmates anywhere he could find iron bars.
The Delray s were his only option.
The worst was nt the locked up criminals above his living room  it was the mortal fear in his children s eyes  the piercing cold looks from his wife.
The deep  dark creeping recognition that something had happened there  something terrible  something.
Would rip his soul.
<EOS>
The first story involves a young couple returning home and is terrorizing the countryside.
A murderer has escaped from the local insane asylum.
The girlfriend discovers.
Her parents have been decapitated.
She discovers.
She runs to get help.
He has also fallen victim.
A battle ensues.
She comes out victorious  killing the escaped prisoner.
The second story involves two stoners searching.
They return home to smoke it.
They are sickly and appear to be rotting.
When they awaken.
They return to get more and notice.
The dealer is suffering.
But they take no notice and return home to indulge once again.
Again  they awaken more sickly.
They return to the dealer  only to find.
He is no longer there.
His plants are still.
The two take all.
They indulge once again.
They begin to fall apart and eventually turn.
They smoke.
The third story has to do.
He kills her  pushing her down the stairs leading into the basement.
He leaves the body and heads over to watch his two children.
He and his wife leave.
The children tell him a tale.
Who comes and punishes those who do evil things.
He leaves to head back  plotting.
What he is going to tell the police and his brother.
He is attacked by Satan Claus.
Who rips his heart out.
The fourth story and final story is.
He discovers a man.
Who warns him.
The pirate kills the man and goes  ignoring the man s warnings.
He discovers the treasure only to be attacked.
They eventually catch and kill him.
The wrap involves the young men going to sleep with the narrator revealing a hook on his right hand.
<EOS>
It is the early.
A handful are trying to attract the world s attention to the ongoing human rights abuses in Diyarbakr.
Eighteen year - old Firat opens up and cleans the newspaper office everyday  and helps.
Journalist Kadir discovers the traces.
Researching the disappearance.
The newspaper is subjected to various attempts to intimidate them and prevent their courageous reports from coming to light.
Firat volunteers to guard the office at night.
He tries to learn the trade.
The team has to come up to reach their readership.
When the newspaper s distribution is blocked.
<EOS>
James Dean lives with his estranged father Winton and mother Mildred in 1939 Santa Monica  California.
Winton sends James.
When Mildred dies.
Winton does not show up  leaving James to be raised by his aunt and uncle on a farm in Fairmount.
He becomes more curious about his father s decision to abandon him.
He tries to impress him.
James moves back  and finds.
Winton has remarried.
He decides to become an actor and takes classes.
Whitmore is impressed.
Encourages him to move to pursue an acting career.
He enjoys the new lifestyle.
He befriends fellow actor Martin Landau and has a romantic relationship.
Both are accepted.
He receives critical acclaim.
Is broadcast nationwide.
He tries to tell Winton in acting.
His father still reacts  causing more emotional turmoil for him.
Film producer-director Elia Kazan hires James  marking his Hollywood debut.
He moves to begin filming for Eden and is introduced to Jack Warner  the stern president of Warner Bros.
Studios.
Who is determined to transform him.
Warner becomes suspicious.
Backlot  he falls with actress Pier Angeli.
Who is working.
James and his girlfriend buy a beach house.
Which they live together.
Meanwhile  eccentric director Nicholas Ray casts him Without a Cause.
He once again hopes to impress his father.
Winton persists.
Warner is furious.
When East debuts.
He does not show up.
He considers shutting down production Without a Cause.
He drops the idea due.
Later  he finds out.
Warner sided over his break up with her.
She ends up marrying Vic Damone.
James then signs a one million dollar contract.
And is cast.
His mental breakdowns become more apparent.
When he starts conflicting.
Angered  James decides to learn the truth about his father s carelessness over him.
He was eight years old.
Winton tells him.
His real father was a man and that he did not have the courage to raise him  not being his real father.
He begins to enjoy life once more and adapt a friendly relationship with director Stevens.
Shortly afterward  he dies.
Shocks both members.
En route  Winton sits next to his coffin in the storage room.
He is dead.
<EOS>
Howard Langston is a workaholic mattress salesman .
Who does not find time.
When compared superdad divorcee  Ted Maltin  who continually puts Howard in a bad light.
Howard resolves to redeem himself by fulfilling.
Jamie s ultimate Christmas wish  getting an action figure  a popular children s TV superhero on Christmas Eve to find the toy everyone s looking for.
Howard meets Myron Larabee  a postal worker dad with a rival ambition.
The two soon become bitter competitors.
Also   Howard keeps running into Officer Alexander Hummell  a traffic cop.
Who had earlier pulled him over.
Howard attempts to buy a.
Several failed attempts to find the toy.
Who is actually the leader.
Howard ends up.
When he accuses the Santa.
Howard barely escapes and gets out.
When the police raid their warehouse.
Later  Howard and Myron cross paths again and.
They are drinking coffee.
They hear.
J.
Is running a Turbo-Man competition can only win a gift certificate.
When they get.
They are nearly arrested.
Myron bluffs the police.
Officer Hummell tries to open it.
It blows up.
Howard is ultimately forced to return home.
His car is stripped.
Howard gets angry and attempts to steal the Turbo-Man doll from Ted s house  destined for Ted s son Johnny  but changes his mind.
He is caught.
He has a chance to replace the doll.
Howard decides to join his family.
He promised his son he would do.
Ted attempts to flirt with Liz.
She turns him down.
Howard runs into Officer Hummell and accidentally drenches him with hot coffee.
Howard runs into a preparations room and is mistaken as a live action Turbo-Man stuntman in the parade.
He uses the opportunity to present the coveted limited-edition Turbo-Man doll to his son in the crowd.
But  Jamie is chased around the parade.
He can recognize his father.
Who is dressed.
Howard does his best to keep up.
Jamie is ultimately saved.
Who reveals himself.
Myron is escorted away.
Touched to his own son  Jamie gives the doll to him  and tells Howard.
He does not need the doll since his father is the Real Turbo Man.
The crowd carries Howard.
Myron  Jamie  and Liz happily watch.
Back  Howard puts the star on his Christmas tree  his tradition  and shares a happy moment with his family before realizing.
He forgot to get Liz a present.
<EOS>
Returning to Buenos Aires  a young woman escapes her elderly husband by swapping places with a woman committing suicide.
She believes but finds.
Her new life will be that.
It is in fact a trick to get her working.
The film plays to the practices of the Zwi Migdal white-slavery and prostitition ring.
Was active.
Nora Glickman The Jewish White Slave Trade and the Untold Story.
<EOS>
Hoptoad  is carried off.
Is thought to be haunted.
Soon  two children  Tommy and his sister Annika  venture to meet up with Pippi.
The three soon become friends and get together  including cleaning the floor with scrubbing shoes  dodging the splunks  going down a river in barrels  running away in a homemade autogyro  keeping the house from being demolished by crooks  and helping Pippi with the problem of having to go to an orphanage.
Pippi eventually chooses to go.
Tommy and Annika almost fall down a waterfall.
Their parents refuse to let her play anymore.
Pippi does not fit in and misses her parents.
That night  however  she saves the orphanage and becomes the town heroine.
Pippi decides and befriend Tommy and Annika once more.
The orphanage is not and is allowed to return back to Villa Villekulla.
She is reunited.
He offers her the chance to become a cannibal princess.
He was washed ashore where he was crowned king.
Pippi decides to stay.
She can not leave Tommy and Annika.
<EOS>
Shabdavedi is.
The man is so straight.
When his wife Jaya Prada refuses to reveal the identity ring that he is investigating.
He beats her.
Eventually he overcomes all the usual attempts to throw him like tarnishing his reputation and implicating him in lock-up death cases and tracks the ring down to its last man.
<EOS>
Joseph  an unemployed widower  plagued.
Is driving him.
Desperate to change his ways and get out  he earns a chance of redemption.
They become close friends.
However Hannah has a dark secret.
Threatens to plunge Joseph back.
<EOS>
Nick Lassiter is a gentleman jewel thief.
The gems are en route and will be sold to help finance Hitler s military buildup.
<EOS>
Leading chemist Hans Schramm is betrothed  but falls in love with her younger sister Franka.
The two attempt to repress their feelings  but eventually begin an affair.
He is griped and decides.
When Hans is extorted.
The only way out is to flee.
Franka discovers his plans and informs the Stasi.
Hans perceives it as betrayal.
He realizes.
All ends well.
She only wanted the best.
<EOS>
Travis Henderson is walking alone.
Looking  he enters a saloon and collapses.
He is treated  but does not speak or respond to questions.
The doctor finds a phone number  calls the Los Angeles number  and reaches his brother  Walt Henderson.
Who agrees to pick him up.
He discovers.
When Walt arrives.
Travis is gone.
Walt tells his silent brother.
When he finds him wandering alone.
He will take him back.
Walt rents a car.
When Travis refuses to fly.
The brothers begin a two-day road trip back.
They stop.
Travis wanders off again.
Walt finds him.
The two drive.
Where Walt begins to question the still silent Travis more forcefully.
Walt and his wife  Anne  have not heard in four years.
Hunter  Walt and Anne took care for four years.
Travis abandoned his son.
Travis is visibly moved.
Tears flow.
The next day   Travis finally speaks  showing Walt a weathered photograph of a vacant lot.
The two brothers continue their journey.
He explains -- a town is the place.
He purchased the property.
He believes.
Where he was conceived.
Travis meets Anne and the son.
When they arrive.
Whom he abandoned four years earlier.
Hunter is uncomfortable.
Who is his father.
Walt shows some old home movies  hoping to evoke good memories and help break the ice.
The movies show Travis  sharing a day at the beach.
The relationship between Travis and his son slowly grows.
A bond starts to develop.
Anne tells Travis.
Although she has not heard  Jane still deposits money into a bank account for her son on the same day each month.
She reveals the name.
Where the deposits are made.
Travis becomes determined to find his lost wife.
The boy says.
When he tells his son that he plans to travel to find his mother.
He will accompany him.
Travis and Hunter leave without telling Walt and Anne.
Travis and Hunter grow closer  with Hunter sharing things.
He learned.
Travis sharing his memories.
Hunter spots his mother leaving the bank.
When they arrive on the expected day of deposit.
They follow her.
Telling Hunter to wait  Travis enters the club  containing rooms.
Where customers sit and tell the strippers what they want to see via telephone.
The women can not see the customers.
Travis is shocked  but ends up.
Travis walks out  returns to the car  and drives to a bar.
Where he begins to drink.
The next day  Travis drops Hunter off  and heads back to the striptease club.
Travis enters a room on the other side of the one-way mirror.
He picks up the phone  turns his chair away  and tells her a story of a man and a young girl  married  and had a child.
Who fell.
Before they were ready.
Jane is confused by the story.
She soon understands.
Who is.
Travis describes.
This couple s love turned  explains how the drunken man suffocated the young girl with his jealousy and control  and tells how he came to loathe himself and why he disappeared to a place with no language and no roads -- never wanting to see anyone again.
Jane urges him to stay.
When Travis prepares to leave.
She tells.
Hard it was to leave him -- that she thought of him often.
Travis finally faces the glass  turns a lamp.
Jane can see him.
Where she can find Hunter.
Jane agrees.
Travis leaves the room.
Later that day  Jane enters the hotel room.
Where Hunter is waiting.
The mother and child embrace each other.
Travis leaves Houston  driving alone.
<EOS>
Muscleman Ohro travels to rebuke its godlessness and hubris and becomes involved in the battle against its evil lord Yoh-tar and his hideous super-science schemes.
<EOS>
The film follows the Artinian extended family through three generations over a year and a half  focusing on two brothers -- Peter Artinian  -- and their wives and children.
Who is deaf and Chris Artinian  who has proficient hearing.
Chris and Mari Artinian find out.
One is deaf.
They begin to research the cochlear implant and its advantages and disadvantages.
Heather  Peter and Nita s oldest child  starts asking as well.
This is going on.
The brothers  along  become embroiled in a bitter argument over the importance of deafness  the best form of education for their kids  and the controversy of cochlear implants for young children.
It s their fear of losing a child to the hearing world.
Her losing the importance.
Concerns them.
They ultimately decide to raise their children.
Chris and Mari s infant  Peter  is given cochlear implant surgery.
<EOS>
A freelance vampire slayer  Derek Bliss  is hired by an unknown client provided.
He build a team.
Father Adam Guiteau is shown to have been killed.
She is seeking a legendary black crucifix  the Berziers Cross  the same crucifix used unsuccessfully to perform a ritual.
Will enable vampires to walk and be invulnerable.
The movie starts out.
The man pulls out a razor and threatens the woman.
When he finds one.
Derek then comes up and points an odd-looking gun.
The prostitute thanks Derek and asks.
The man backs away.
She can do anything.
He turns the gun and shoots her with three stakes.
It is revealed.
The prostitute was a vampire.
Derek drags her and watches her catch fire in the sunlight while filming it on camera.
The Van Helsing Group leader calls him and informs him.
When he gets back.
He has a new job.
He goes down to a convent.
Where a group are staying.
He has a strange vision.
One conclude.
The vampires may be linking up.
Una and her fledglings attack and feed upon a human man.
The next day  Derek goes looking.
He has been given.
Unfortunately  most are dead or crazy.
The last living ones are killed.
Derek goes and asks for a man named Jesse.
He is there  and tells Derek to wait.
He finishes up something.
Derek then meets Zoe.
He grows suspicious.
When she asks him if he works.
He leaves to go.
Finds out  becoming sad.
Zoe is a vampire.
He thinks she s cute.
It takes him to throw a paper towel in the trash  Una comes in  slashes the throat of every customer  and kidnaps Jesse.
He concludes.
When Derek comes out and sees that Zoe has also fled.
She must have done it.
The next day  he pulls over.
When sees her.
They argue  Zoe tells him.
She takes to fight off her vampire side.
She has a vision.
Derek realizes.
It is the one where he just left.
They drive back and find all but one priest slaughtered.
Father Rodrigo tells them  and shows them something  a huge van complete with all the necessary vampire-slaying tools.
A fellow priest was working on.
Derek hears a noise  and finds a teenager.
He had met before.
His name is Sancho.
He has a permission slip  stating.
He can go.
The group meet up and go after Una.
Una seduces Ray and convinces him to leave Zoe s pills.
Where she can get them.
They are welcomed.
When they reach the village where the vampires are hiding out.
They want the vampires killed.
Una  now able to walk  goes out and kidnaps Zoe.
Derek aims the gun and says.
He must have given the pills.
However  a villager realizes.
Ray did it  and shoots him.
Derek and the gang go.
Zoe to rescue her.
They go back.
Where Zoe s vampire blood is exchanged.
Derek knows  the vampire blood pumped.
To save Rodrigo.
The team goes and find out.
He was not a real priest.
Una is not daunted.
She responds.
Derek saves Rodrigo  and goes.
They almost kill her.
She escapes.
When the cord which was dragging her snaps.
She catches Derek  Derek then grabs.
What is left.
Derek blows her head off and sends it flying.
They reach the sunlight.
Where it catches fire.
Her body turns with a black beating heart in the chest.
Derek drives a stake.
Sancho and Rodrigo decide to stay.
Zoe and Derek drive.
<EOS>
Tom is relaxing and listening.
Then he hears a crash.
Jerry is stealing food.
Tom tries.
To stop Jerry and when he does Jerry squeezes a tomato.
Jerry then runs.
Tom stops him.
Tom forgets.
There is a mousehole door.
He runs.
Tom looks.
Jerry squeezes another tomato.
Tom then returns.
Then a news bulletin comes.
A ferocious lion has just escaped to bar their windows and doors.
Tom then frantically closes all the windows  puts a couch  grabs a gun and a safari hat from above the fireplace.
He defends himself.
Jerry then comes out.
He screams.
When he sees a pair.
He tries to run away.
The runaway lion pounces and grabs him.
He tells Jerry not to give him away explaining.
He hates the circus and asks Jerry to help him get home.
Then the lion declares.
He s hungry.
Jerry and the lion then sneak.
Jerry sneaks a large ham.
Tom spots him.
Tom stops Jerry and takes the ham away from him.
Tom then catches Jerry.
Tom holds the ham.
The lion   eats the ham.
Who is hiding.
Tom then goes to take a bite but sees.
There s nothing there.
Then he hears crunching noises.
Tom then gets scared and points the gun.
Jerry then raises the gun.
It goes off  detonating the ceiling.
Jerry then starts acting.
He hits the ground.
Tom is horrified  believing.
He accidentally shot Jerry and runs off.
Jerry and the lion run away.
Tom returns.
Jerry is nowhere to be found.
Tom then looks  but finds Jerry in another room.
The lion is perched.
Tom points.
The gun starts to throw punches.
Tom grabs Jerry and sticks out his chin.
If to say  Go ahead.
Hit me.
Jerry looks up.
Who smacks Tom  sending him flying halfway across the room.
Tom crashes and has bricks land on his head.
Jerry and the lion then run and hide.
Tom grabs the umbrella  opens it.
The lion falls.
They run off.
They both hide.
Tom then closes the door  gives an evil laugh  and locks the door from the outside.
Then a lot are heard.
Tom is flattened and sent across the room again.
Jerry then comes out and gives Tom a mean look.
Intimidated  Tom crashes  and runs away.
Jerry and the lion then shake hands.
Jerry is then on to the S.
S.
Africa.
The boat.
It s horn and casts off.
The S.
S.
Africa sails further away to expedition to Africa  leaving Jerry waving goodbye with a handkerchief  alongside with an instrumental theme of Auld Lang Syne  with him tear-shedding with sniffles for a brief moment to see the lion  but also with an elated receptivity.
He befriended take his departure.
He helped.
<EOS>
Christine Papin  and Lea Papin are sisters.
Who work.
They start working for the Lancelin family.
Consists. 
Christine sees  in spite of her severity.
But their wretched background -- an indifferent mother  a drunken  abusive father and time spent -- casts a shadow over the girls.
Their ill-fated situation darkens.
They withdraw.
Finally   they end up committing a particularly brutal crime on February 2 1933  killing Madame Lancelin and her daughter after gouging their eyes out.
<EOS>
Mery is set in Malaspina  a juvenile detention centre in Palermo  Sicily  during the.
The protagonist  Marco Terzi  is a teacher.
Who has transferred from Milan.
He obtains a position  and has great difficulty in establishing a rapport with the young  hostile students  in particular  Natale Sperandeo  the leader of the group   and Pietro Giancone.
Who is inside.
Terzi s situation is further complicated.
When Mario Libassi  a transvestite prostitute  nicknamed Mery  falls with him.
However  Terzi slowly gains the respect and admiration of his students  even from the most hardened of the young men.
Mery was followed in 1990 with the sequel Ragazzi fuori  featuring most of the same cast and characters  with the exception of Placido and Amendola.
<EOS>
A woman s fiance is killed.
The woman conjures up a zombie to hunt down the gangmembers and kill them.
<EOS>
A group of six children from the East End of London are evacuated to the village of Payling Green.
The boisterous pair and proceed to torment  mock and terrorise his sensitive and delicate son.
Charlie and Ern are lodged.
They then get involved  before being taken under the protective wing of a local female novelist with progressive social views.
Sisters Liz and Maud are placed and chafe under the constrictions of the discipline imposed on them.
They become increasingly unhappy.
They are taken.
Liz s parents are called to visit and her father  before being brought round to the view.
Her talent should be nurtured.
<EOS>
David Harvey  a recent widower living in the wilderness  decides.
His young boy Davey needs a woman around to help raise him.
He goes and consults Parson Jackson.
David gets talked.
Their marriage  however  is alone.
Rachel serves more.
What he sees.
Jim Fairways  a family friend  visits and falls.
David must fight to keep her and discovers his love.
When he offers to buy her.
<EOS>
Kali is a local ruffian.
Who harasses students.
The principal Satyaprakash is helpless to stop him.
Kali is the son who is one of the biggest gangsters in town.
The principal has two sons and a daughter - Vikas  Vijay and Pooja.
Vijay is a colleague of his in his engineering company.
Kali rapes Pooja.
Then the corrupt inspector Shirke puts the blame  and has him killed while in custody.
This enrages Vijay.
He embarks.
Mohan Joshi shows up.
<EOS>
Tragic Anna Karenina leaves her cold husband.
The unfortunate series leaves her hopelessly depressed.
<EOS>
Norway  World War II.
Hanna   gives temporary asylum by hiding him in her house in northern Norway.
Whose husband Henrik participates.
The presence changes Hanna s life.
She starts writing in her diary.
USSR  Armenia .
Laura  42  a single and fiercely independent math-teacher  lives a quiet and isolated life.
It seems.
Nothing can change her rigidly ordered daily routine until she receives the diary.
She begins to experience a parallel story in her own life.
Laura learns about her parents  story - a love story of desperation  loss and primal passion.
<EOS>
Two refugees  a medical doctor and his 20-something-year-old daughter arrive from Nazi-annexed Austria end up in becoming the much-needed physician and nurse in a small North Dakota farm town.
The local town located and is being hard hit by the drought and dust storms.
The town moves to Oregon under John Phillips s leadership  not without differences of opinion and friction among the followers.
The doctor and his daughter take a detour.
When they learn that the daughter s fiance was not killed in Austria.
It turns out.
The fiance has embraced Naziism  which sends the doctor and his daughter back to rejoin the transplanted town  where the daughter marries Phillips.
<EOS>
Barry Wirth is a retired small time criminal.
Who is released from following the death of his mother to care for his younger brother Joey.
He had been serving time.
He claims he did not commit.
Begins brewing for the big criminals of Surfers Paradise.
When a corrupt accountant Warren Halliwell who handles their money laundering is arrested and has his records taken by the Crime Investigation Commission who then use it to seize many ill gotten assets and subpoena many Gold Coast Criminals.
This creates trouble.
Whose money has been seized.
Meanwhile Barry seeks employment.
He eventually obtains.
Johnny is a small time criminal and junkie.
Who Barry aids when they were in prison together.
The main conflict is caused.
When Johnny Spitieri is arrested.
This and the corrupt detective DeVier s continued abuse leads to Barry creating a plan to allow him  his brother  Johnny and Dabba to ` get square.
<EOS>
The film takes place.
Where David Franks and girlfriend Laura are meeting to learn more about the mysterious disappearance of David s father.
Where they think David s father may have last been seen.
He looks back.
The fin is gone.
David and another man enter the canals wearing wetsuits and scuba gear.
A large shark preys.
The Italian man is eaten.
David is bitten but manages to escape to a cave.
David narrowly escapes several close calls with contraptions recalling those in the opening scene of Raiders of the Lost Ark  the film also borrows quite liberally from the plot of Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade.
He then emerges.
Holds vast amounts.
David stares in wonder  pockets a gold and emerald brooch and returns to Laura in the boat.
The next scene shows him recuperating by his side.
David and Laura are asked to meet and have dinner.
Clemenza produces the brooch and asks David to return.
David had taken.
David contemplates his next move.
Unsuspecting tourists are devoured.
Before too long Laura is kidnapped.
David decides to try to save her.
It is unclear.
Whether it is a scientific phenomenon leading taking up residence in the city of Venice.
Danny Lerner Shark appears to tell David.
He is the one who has introduced the sharks.
<EOS>
Jack Harrowby believes.
He is drawing a diplomat s wife.
Unbeknownst  he is actually seducing the maid.
<EOS>
David Leaf and John Scheinfeld interviewed close of Nilsson s friends  colleagues and extended family.
Who all shared their memories and how it affected them.
This was put together.
Where we follow Harry Nilsson to death  enjoying the highs and lows along with him  from Grammy wins through divorce and substance abuse.
The film features original interviews.
Micky Dolenz  Terry Gilliam  Mark Hudson  Eric Idle  Al Kooper  Randy Newman  Yoko Ono  Van Dyke Parks  Richard Perry  Jimmy Webb  Paul Williams  Robin Williams  Brian Wilson and The Smothers Brothers.
Also included are interviews  including his wives and children.
Perhaps the most notable absence is Ringo Starr   John Lennon  George Harrison and Harry Nilsson.
Who does not feel comfortable talking about three people.
Another notable absence is arranger-composer George Tipton  - they reportedly had an unexplained and permanent.
Who worked closely on nearly all of his early RCA recordings.
Tipton refused to be interviewed.
<EOS>
Jennifer Peters attempts to save her brother Roy.
Who has been abducted.
The murderer is known.
K.
Because. 
He ties in.
Jennifer has recently written a book  to.
R.
K.
Has taken offence.
Jennifer follows R.
K.
S clues and finds Roy  but fails to save him.
Which he is trapped explodes.
Kevin Parson is a seminary theology student.
Kevin has recently completed the third draft about the nature of good and evil.
One day  he receives a phone call.
K.
Demanding. 
His car will explode.
He also tells Kevin a riddle .
What falls but never breaks.
He informs the police  Jennifer  but leaves out the part about the sin.
The killer demanded he confess  believing that the sin is what he did some time ago.
Back  he meets up with his friend since childhood  Samantha Sheer.
They decide to try to figure out the mystery   and.
Who continues to target him.
Who appears to be somehow able to monitor Kevin.
Kevin receives a threat  and goes to the house of his Aunt Balinda.
Who abused him when he was a child.
He fails to save his dog.
Kevin and Sam also find.
His home has been broken.
The papers scattered around.
They find a clue left.
K.
A bus would be destroyed  and luckily manage to get everyone off.
Sam and Kevin theorize.
Who might have a grudge.
Kevin remembers a boy.
When they were children who tried to kill him.
Kevin had locked him in a warehouse and left him to die.
They conclude.
He escaped  and is now R.
K.
Kevin confesses leaving him and apologizes  hoping.
To satisfy him and that he would now be left alone.
However  R.
K.
Insists. 
It is not sufficient and does not relent.
Jennifer tries to research.
Who the boy might have been.
She finds nothing.
She also visits Kevin s Aunt Balinda  and finds  and had done so as well.
She has been keeping her husband and son Bobby.
R.
K.
Leaves a bomb and lures Kevin and Sam in to try to stop it.
He locks Sam.
Her back is turned.
Kevin gets her out  but they do not have time to stop the bomb.
Jennifer and the police arrive and investigate.
Sam leaves.
Kevin insists.
The killer insisted  under threat of killing more people.
Jennifer declares her resignation  saying.
As she is no longer officially involved  she no longer counts.
However  Kevin ignores her.
Kevin finds another threat  this time.
He rushes to try to save her.
He finds Balinda tied up.
The Riddle Killer introduces himself.
Slater s identity is given at the beginning.
Sam finds a note.
K.
And is startled to see.
He has the same handwriting.
Jennifer and Sam talk about it  and.
How there was only one pair  and how Sam had never actually seen R.
K.
They realize.
All the riddles were.
K.
Might actually be essentially Kevin s evil half.
There is another threat  Kevin is told some clues  so Kevin and Samantha try to stop this incident.
Help him to know that a library building will be exploded as well.
Kevin almost died this time.
Where Kevin went.
The Riddle Killer  Slater  is real when she looks under the door and sees two pairs of shoes.
Slater explains.
He will have Kevin kill Balinda  then leave him to take the blame  as everyone will believe Kevin is the Riddle Killer.
Jennifer arrives to find Kevin pointing a gun.
Slater and Sam are both figments.
It turns out.
Kevin had been traumatized by Balinda  had imagined his friend Samantha and the boy with  and had subconsciously imitated the real Riddle Killer.
Whom he had fought.
Jennifer convinces Kevin.
His visions vanish.
Sam herself convinces Kevin to open his eyes  and to see the creator.
Kevin is devastated.
His best friend is gone.
The professor assures him  she is him.
Samantha will always be.
Kevin had said.
The real Riddle Killer was right.
Jennifer discovers.
Examining his wall that the hot dog vendor who had supposedly been given a book by the killer to give to her is at the front of the crowd in a photo  holding a camera.
He confesses.
When captured.
He hates copycats and had meant to kill Kevin.
Kevin is sent.
Jennifer visits him there.
<EOS>
Ariane and Gerhard Christ  a wealthy Munich couple  are packing.
Each intends to spend separately abroad.
Traunitz.
Away  their twelve-year-old daughter Angela  who is disabled and walks  has to remain home under the care of her governess.
Actually  the couple have lied.
Convinced  Gerhard takes his longtime French hairdresser mistress Irene Cartis to the family s country house.
His wife and daughter are elsewhere.
The Christ s family rural estate is run.
Her son Gabriel  a pretentious aspiring writer  is hoping to exploit Gerhard s connections to get his work published.
Kast  a cruel and cranky old woman  is irritated.
Gerhard runs to the living room  only to find  Ariane on the floor with her lover  Kolbe  Gerhard s assistant.
The two couples try to overcome the uncomfortable situation and are able to laugh.
They all have dinner together and   Gabriel is allowed to read from the philosophical book.
He has written.
He is interrupted.
Who secretly planned this encounter for her parents lack of affection.
She shows up.
Ariane is furious and tries to hit her.
Gerhard does not allow her.
Angela is defiant.
The two adulterous couples decide to continue as planned.
Angela tells Gabriel.
Her disability originated.
Eleven years ago   Angela s illness appeared.
When her father started her relationship.
The doctors declared Angela s condition as hopeless.
When her mother begun an affair.
However Kast  later dismissed the child s allegation.
The next morning Angela goes to say good morning to her parents and finds them naked with their respective lovers.
Angela tries to play them and their lovers off each other.
The stage is laid.
When Angela   suggests playing Chinese Roulette  a psychologically guessing game  tinged with cruelty.
One team tries to guess.
The other team is thinking of by asking questions.
Angela selects the members.
Side are  Gerhardt  Angela  Gabriel and Traunitz.
Are  Ariane  Katz  Irene and Kolbe.
Arianes s team asks.
The questions and Angela s team gives the answers.
The game has an edge.
The results are explosive involving everyone.
The deadliest and final question posed.
Is What would this person be.
Irritated  Angela tells him.
She has known that he has plagiarized every word he has written.
The film ends.
A second shot is heard.
The identity is left to the viewer s imagination.
<EOS>
-LCB- -LCB- Plot | dateSummer s BeginningBridget VreelandLena KaligarisTibby.
RollinsCarmen LowellSummer s End Brian breaks up to reunite with Tibby.
Effie is upset  and steals the Pants and takes them to Greece to visit her grandmother  but loses them.
The girls fight about.
Whether the pants are worth saving.
Lena travels to find them.
The Sisterhood follow to help and to reunite her.
She is frightened.
Her friends convince her.
The girls are unable to find the Pants.
The summer ends to each other.
<EOS>
Naive  simple-minded Ramdin Pandey lives a poor lifestyle and works as a Havaldar in the Nasik Central Jail.
He arranges Shanti s marriage.
The prospective groom s family want Rs.
5000 /.
He is unable to afford.
To make matters due he has not been promoted.
Then their jail gets a new inmate  the dreaded Rehmat Khan.
Who has been found guilty.
Rehmat finds out and then uses him to escape on the pretext of visiting his ailing mother in Bombay  and never returns.
A furious Jailor  Sharma  asks Ramdin to travel  and then return or else he will not only lose his job but also be prosecuted.
A hapless Ramdin agrees to do so - little knowing.
Soon he will be.
<EOS>
The three films focus.
The existing print begins on the road  fleeing the law while taking care of Kantaro  the son of a dead friend.
He leaves Kantaro  but is shocked to find out.
His own men have been committing robberies using his own name.
Angry  Chuji hits the road and eventually settles  assuming another name and working as a clerk for a sake brewery.
Okuma  the daughter  falls in love with Chuji.
He ignores her.
His identity is revealed and.
When he saves her brother.
Okume kills herself.
Chuji flees  but the palsy is finally caught.
He had been suffering.
His henchmen  however  succeed and bring him back to his home village.
Unable to walk and confined  Chuji is hidden in a storehouse.
His woman  Oshina  discovers.
One has betrayed him.
It is too late.
Chuji is finally arrested by the authorities.
<EOS>
Oro Plata Mata traces the changing fortunes during World War II.
The Ojeda family is celebrating Margarita Ojeda s debut.
Trinidad receives her first kiss from Miguel Lorenzo  her childhood sweetheart.
Don Claudio Ojeda and his fellow landowners talk.
The youngest guests mock Miguel s refusal to join the army and brand him a Mama s Boy.
The celebration is cut short.
The Ojedas accept.
War nears the city.
The invitation extended  to stay with them in their provincial hacienda.
Two more family friends  Jo Russell  a wealthy  liberated mestiza married  and Dona Viring  an elitist housewife  join them in the Lorenzo Hacienda.
Whose husband has left her.
Nena Ojeda  Inday Lorenzo  Jo  and Viring try to deny the realities by preserving their pre-war lifestyle of playing mahjong and engaging in other activities enjoyed by women of their station.
Pining  Margarita goes through bouts of melancholy.
Miguel and Trinidad turn into impetuous adults.
The families move after a frantic escape from Hacienda Lorenzo.
The Japanese forces advance close enough.
A group arrive.
Jo tends.
The guerrillas leave Hermes Mercurio behind.
Trinidad decides to lose her virginity to Mercurio.
Miguel endures more comments.
When he fails to take action.
It is Mercurio.
Who kills the Japanese soldier.
Margarita comforts Miguel.
Who decides to learn marksmanship.
Meanwhile  Viring s jewelry   is stolen.
She considers her best friends.
He justifies his action.
He tries to break the other servants  loyalty.
They force Melchor to leave.
Later  Melchor  along return.
They systematically kill all the servants  one Melchor s own son.
They gather the women.
Where they subject them.
She had refused to give.
He takes Inday to a room and repeatedly beats and rapes her  his noble-born former mistress.
He kills his wife.
Who enters the room.
Nena is forced to play a complex combination with the bandits.
Jo notices him eying the young Trinidad.
Treating Melchor s wounds  and that.
Trining willingly goes  despite all the crimes.
Melchor agrees to not take the young heiress.
They have committed.
The bandits notice  Miguel and Margarita.
Two members are missing.
That had driven Trining crazed.
Miguel urges the survivors to resume their mahjong games to help them cope.
The women are resilient  and fall back.
Miguel is determined to hunt the bandits down and bring Trinidad back.
He catches them.
Robbing them.
His courage is replaced  however driving him to a killing spree.
Simply an unhinged woman subjected to sexual assaults from the bandits.
The hospital is a woman believed to be the Spirit of the Mountain  but in reality.
Miguel kills her to cap his carnage  and also as an act.
An epilogue follows the violent climax.
The combined United States & the Philippine Commonwealth army troops have liberated the Philippines.
A party is held to announce Margarita and Miguel s betrothal.
It is revealed.
Margarita s ex-fiance  Ramon  actually survived the Fall  but is now reduced to a pathetic invalid  dressed in an army uniform  planted on his wheelchair.
He sheds a tear.
Don Claudio s mind has become unstable.
Add  he has finally fallen to the curse of senility.
He could not recognize his grand daughter  or anyone.
Trinidad has made a new image as a pernicious but very virginal young woman.
The survivors attempt to reclaim their previous lifestyle.
The war has changed the world.
As it has forever marked each.
The film ends about the very subject.
<EOS>
Prithvi  Vikram and Dattatreya are the sons living in a village.
Ranganath goes and is killed by him.
Srividya is separated.
Who is pregnant.
She thinks.
He is killed and delivers the twins in a temple.
The pujari adopts.
Who is childless.
One son and srividya is left.
Dattatreya is a Dance master.
The story revolves.
The brothers unite and also with their mother and take revenge on the villains.
<EOS>
Bradley Morahan is an Australian artist.
Who feels he has become jaded in New York City.
He decides.
He needs to regain the edge he had and returns to Australia.
He sets up.
There he meets young Cora Ryan.
Who has grown up wild.
To earn money  Cora sells Bradley fish.
She has caught.
She later sells him a chicken.
She has stolen.
He pays Isabel and gets Cora to promise not to steal anymore.
When Bradley is suspected.
To help her save enough money to fulfill her dream  he pays her to be his model.
She reinvigorates him  becoming his artistic muse.
Bradley s work is disrupted.
When his sponging longtime friend Nat Kelly shows up.
Nat is hiding he owes.
Nat invites himself to stay.
When Bradley refuses to give him a loan.
Bradley s patience becomes exhausted.
Luckily  the problem is solved.
Nat romances Isabel  hoping to get some money.
Instead  she unexpectedly ravishes him.
The next day  he hastily departs the island  but not.
Then Ma catches Cora posing nude and accuses him of carrying on with her underage granddaughter.
Bradley protests  finally  he gives her the little money.
He has done nothing improper.
He has left to get her to go away.
She chases.
When Cora discovers that Ma has found her hidden cache.
Ma falls down a hill  breaks her neck  and dies.
The local policeman sees no reason to investigate further.
The old woman was known to be frequently drunk.
Later that night  Cora goes  but is disappointed.
When he seems to view her only.
Bradley follows her.
When she runs out.
There  she finally gets him to see her.
<EOS>
Charles Adare arrives with his uncle  the new governor.
Charles hopes to make his fortune.
He is befriended.
Who is a former transported convict.
Sam s wife  Lady Henrietta  was a friend.
Sam hopes.
Charles will cheer up his wife  who is an alcoholic.
Meanwhile the housekeeper  Milly  secretly loves Sam  and encourages Henrietta s drinking.
Sam was transported.
He confessed.
<EOS>
A talking dog named Cho Cho teams up named Peter Fowler to solve the murder of his owner Chin Li.
<EOS>
America is suffering for the Great Depression.
Many people are jobless and homeless.
Everybody is sad and worried.
Mendez is the charismatic master.
He leads his troupe  along the way  they perform - sometimes for free - to bring some light in the dull lives of people.
One evening  they stop.
Where there are carousels  games and other entertainment.
Meets Will  the main attraction.
He has no limbs and is.
Will is bitter and unhappy.
He decides to leave the Carnival and manages to hide on one of the Butterfly circus trucks to escape.
People welcome him.
Mendez tells Will.
He must find his own way to become part.
Will starts to know his new friends and learns  Mendez has given them a second chance.
Many have a sad story.
One day Will accidentally realizes  so he decides to perform a difficult act  he must climb a tall pole  from the top.
He can swim.
Which he then dives.
Will is now happy.
He is not because of his odd aspect but because of what he is and what he can do.
<EOS>
Jack Conrad is awaiting execution.
Purchased and transported to a deserted island in the South Pacific along with nine other condemned criminals similarly purchased from prisons around the world.
They are offered the opportunity to avoid capital punishment and win back their freedom.
A bomb is placed.
Will detonate the bomb.
The winner will have the bomb removed and be given their freedom as well as a pocket full as the prize.
Ian Breckel  the producer  is aiming.
Equal or beat the latest Super Bowl reception.
FBI agents discover Conrad s real identity after a tip from one of Conrad s former classmates.
The broadcast progresses.
Conrad is discovered to be a former Delta Force operative.
Who was captured after bombing a building controlled by drug dealers.
Conrad s girlfriend becomes aware and watches the show at a local bar.
It unfolds.
Ewan McStarley and Saiga team up to remove the competition.
Yasantwa uses her wiles to trick others.
Conrad infiltrates the tower and calls his girlfriend  managing to tell her the latitude of the island.
He is forced to leave.
Conrad is left alone.
The other seven contestants have died.
He stabs Saiga.
McStarley flees.
Eventually  a helicopter drops.
Who uses it to hunt down Conrad.
McStarley runs  and shoots them  picking up the guard s MP5 submachine gun.
Conrad falls.
Searching. 
Conrad ends up rolling.
When McStarley and Conrad meet again.
Conrad is presumed dead.
McStarley is declared the winner.
Breckel hears.
McStarley is being driven to collect his prize.
The FBI has sent United States Navy SEALs to take him.
He tells him.
He meets McStarley and de-activates his bomb.
He will not receive his prize money.
Breckel and McStarley fixed the game for his freedom and profits.
McStarley takes an MP5  and kills the tech team in the building  one by one.
They truthfully did not know that Breckel is abandoning them all.
He is confronted.
When he corners Julie  Breckel s girlfriend.
Who shoots him several times.
Conrad grabs McStarley s two machine guns and chases down Breckel.
Who is fleeing the island.
He is given McStarley s re-activated ankle bomb by Julie.
Conrad throws it.
Explodes and crashes.
The epilogue shows Conrad being driven back and meets his girlfriend.
Who presumed him dead.
He fell off the cliff against McStarley.
The film ends.
<EOS>
Gouichi Takata is an aged Japanese father.
Who has not been with his son Kenichi ever since his wife died many years ago.
Gouichi travels  still angry  refuses to see Gouichi.
When he learns that his son has been hospitalised.
His father left him to escape the reality of his mother s death.
Kenichi s wife Rie then gives her father-in-law a video tape made.
That Gouichi may learn more.
The tape contains a footage  a Nuo opera artiste from a village in Yunnan province of China.
Li promised Kenichi to perform Riding Alone for Thousands of Miles for him.
He returns the next year.
Gouichi then decides to go to film Li s performance.
Gouichi arrives.
Li has been imprisoned.
His translator Jiang Wen and the local guide Qiu Lin suggest.
He films someone else.
Gouichi insists.
Gouichi gains entry to the prison facility.
However  Li breaks down and is unable to perform.
He misses his son badly.
Gouichi decides to travel to fetch Li s eight-year-old son  Yang Yang.
He comes home.
Gouichi receives a call from Rie  who tells him that Kenichi has been touched by his efforts in China and requests.
Gouchi wonders.
The message ultimately comes but continues with his plan to unite Li and Yang Yang.
The vehicle breaks down.
Yang Yang takes the chance to run away.
He does not want to meet a father he has never seen.
Both become lost.
Gouichi chases.
They have no choice.
To spend the night.
Yang Yang  initially hostile  gradually warms up to him.
The next morning  they are found.
Gouichi feels.
Yang Yang s opinion should be respected and decides not to force him to meet.
Gouichi receives another call from Rie   leaving behind a letter announcing the long-awaited forgiveness.
Who informs him that Kenichi has died.
Gouichi returns.
The much moved.
Li promises to put up his best performance.
Supported as well  Li performs Riding Alone for Thousands of Miles.
Gouichi returns to his fishing town.
<EOS>
Sworn enemies  Boetie and Beast  are forced to embark.
Unwitting subjects played by Tanit Phoenix.
With the whole of South Africa in on the joke  the pair comes unstuck at every stage of the journey and join forces to exact revenge.
They discover that they have been conned.
<EOS>
A group engages in all sorts of corrupt activity including the rape of a girl resulting in her death.
They rob a church.
They use their position to frame a local teenage gang.
<EOS>
The film is based  Su-hyon travels from Korea to broaden his horizons  studying in Japan.
He meets Yuri.
Both share similar interests.
They become closer while dealing.
<EOS>
Martin plays an attorney named Roger Cobb.
He is dating his boss  daughter and is also an aspiring jazz guitarist.
Lily Tomlin is a difficult  eccentric  spoiled rotten.
Terminally ill millionairess named Edwina Cutwater.
Who has been bedridden.
Cutwater hires Roger to make some unusual final arrangements.
Having discovered  Edwina has enlisted the aid.
She is dying.
Who has mastered the secret.
She has made an arrangement.
Who wishes to complete her spiritual journey and become one with the universe.
Edwina wants her own soul placed.
That she can finally experience youth and health.
Roger is to change Edwina s will.
That Terry  her future self  is her sole beneficiary.
Roger  unsurprisingly  believes.
The whole plan is bananas.
The soul-transfer works  but.
She has control.
Him the left  forcing them to work together.
Roger talks to Edwina s image.
Appears to him.
No one else.
Their relationships warms.
Both want Edwina back in her own body.
Terry  meanwhile  is shocked to learn.
The soul-transference really works.
She only agreed to take control of Edwina s fortune.
She becomes determined to prevent Roger.
The movie ends.
It emerges.
Terry has an extensive criminal record and   she at last consents to having her soul placed into the body of her favorite horse.
Edwina takes up residence.
The final shot shows Roger and Terry dancing together.
The camera pans.
Where Roger can be seen dancing.
<EOS>
A fast paced  photo-driven documentary bars in Times Square  the Terminal Bar.
Seen. 
DVD Talk.
<EOS>
Respected cardiac surgeon Dr Thomas Vrain performs a risky operation to provide a patient.
He and his colleague  research scientist Dr Aldo Gehring  consider the risks and weigh the odds.
Time runs out.
Severence will die.
The experimental surgery is done quickly and succeeds.
<EOS>
A trade union lawyer named.
Walter Deaney kills a burglar.
Only an unorthodox plain-clothes detective named.
Mitchell believes that Deaney is guilty.
Chief Albert Pallin tells him.
Deaney is wanted and is therefore FBI property.
To keep Mitchell away  the Chief orders.
Him to stake.
Mitchell initially is unconcerned and focuses primarily on Deaney.
But he gets drawn.
Cummings discovers that Salvatore Mistretta  cousin  is bringing in a shipment of stolen heroin from Mexico without Cummings  consent.
Deaney decides to work with Cummings to eliminate the annoying cop.
Deaney is killed shortly thereafter.
Cummings refuses to let Mistretta use his port facilities to bring the shipment  earning him the ire of Gallano.
Who begins sending thugs to harass him.
Cummings decides.
The only ally he still has --  Benton -- is Mitchell  because he s no good to the police dead.
Cummings offers a deal.
Mitchell will be allowed to pose and pick up the drug shipment  putting him in a position to both confiscate the drugs and arrest Mistretta.
He is allowed to go free.
However  Cummings double-crosses Mitchell.
He s also double-crossed Mistretta.
Mistretta decides to kill Mitchell and dump the body.
Mistretta is killed  freeing Mitchell to go after Cummings.
Who is attempting to flee the country.
Mitchell is dropped by helicopter and kills Benton with a gaff hook.
Cummings is killed.
One final attempted double-cross fails  bringing the story.
A heavily edited version of the 1975 film was released for broadcast television.
Which most were removed.
Several scenes were shot twice for this purpose.
Greta writes with lipstick.
The word written on the windshield is BASTARD.
The word is JERK.
The sequence was also shot twice to substitute goddamn awful butler with lousy butler.
The scene was edited with Mitchell saying Buzz off  kid.
<EOS>
Mario Moreno is Pepe  a hired hand  employed.
A boozing Hollywood director buys a white stallion.
Belongs. 
Pepe  determined to get the horse back  decides to take off.
There he meets film stars.
He is also surprised.
Were new at the time  such as automatic swinging doors.
He is led to believe.
When he finally reaches the man who bought the horse.
There is no hope.
However  the last scene shows both him and the stallion.
<EOS>
Mustafa is a widowed Egyptian immigrant and the owner.
He is devoted.
He also finds.
Himself cast to his unwed sister Salwah  for whom  by family and tribal custom  he is responsible for finding a traditional suitor.
But his respect comes up against his own aspirations to adapt to the American Dream.
When he decides to open a new restaurant.
This unholy alliance is unpopular.
Which Mustafa resides.
It is one.
Gradually build affecting the Arab-American community and lead to the explosive denouement of the story.
Salwah  Mustaf s sister  must also reconcile her traditional values and familial obligations.
Conflict arises.
She is grateful for bringing her to America when she was young  and allowing her to pursue an education.
When Mustafa insists.
The arrival arranged.
Suitor  her older cousin Saber  throws her life and makes her question her own beliefs and faith.
Secretly  she is attracted.
Any caution  however  is thrown by the abrupt arrival of Saber and a possible impending marriage.
She feels.
She does not want.
She becomes sorely tempted to experience intimacy.
Her suitor Saber is staying at the home.
She undergoes this internal conflict.
She shares.
The incompatibility is another source of irritation adding to the mounting tensions underlying the story.
Mustafa s friend Omar is a struggling actor and Habibe s Cafe regular  a young Egyptian man company.
Who supports his dream.
However  he is constantly cast in the role of a terrorist in American TV shows.
Portray only a shallow understanding.
Omar feels.
When an opportunity arrives.
His chance -- to be seen as an actor first and not a Muslim -- has finally arrived.
It is the break  a chance necessary to marry and support his pregnant American girlfriend Kate  and a chance for him  and his future child  to be embraced as an American  in the same way.
He has been waiting.
He has embraced America.
Will their American Dreams be shattered  or will their hopes and aspirations be embraced by their fellow Americans.
<EOS>
Derelict is set as the Water Wars ravage Europe.
The film begins from BBC World s journalist Owen Thomas.
Reporting commemorating the 5th year of England s involvement in the water wars.
A notorious prisoner-of-war is.
His escape comes.
Pursued he seeks refuge within London s ghettoes and takes an old man hostage in a last ditch attempt at freedom.
But  this high stakes hostage negotiation will be decided by one man s past.
<EOS>
The story takes place during the last years of the reign of Czar Nicholas II and the Czarina Alexandra.
Reform-minded Prince Paul has long been concerned and knows.
A revolution is brewing.
Prince Alexei  heir  is loved by the people  but he has hemophilia.
A slight fall turns out to be.
Princess Natasha  Alexandra s lady-in-waiting and Paul s fiancee  recommends Rasputin.
When royal physician Dr Remezov is powerless to stop the boy s bleeding.
He convinces the frantic Empress.
He has been sent to cure the child.
Left alone  he hypnotizes the boy and relieves his agony  but also gradually makes Alexei a slave to his will.
He now wields.
He is greatly aided.
When the head  fearful of losing his job over his failure to prevent the assassination of a nobleman close to the Czar  turns to him for help.
Rasputin is able to use blackmail to increase his power even further.
Prince Paul fears.
Rasputin s actions will bring.
However  even Natasha believes.
She warns him.
Paul is going to try to kill him.
Paul does shoot him.
Rasputin is unharmed -- he has taken the precaution.
Nicholas forces Paul to resign his position.
When he admits he tried to assassinate the man.
Nicholas and his advisers are divided.
When Germany issues an ultimatum demanding that Russia cease mobilizing its army.
Rasputin convinces him to reject the ultimatum  leading.
Finally  Rasputin begins to make subtle advances.
She becomes furious and shouts.
When Natasha finds out.
She will go.
Rasputin overpowers her and puts her.
The Empress fortuitously enters the room  enabling Natasha to recover her wits and tell.
What she saw.
Rasputin boasts.
When he is unable to shake Alexandra s faith.
He is now effectively Czar.
The Empress sends for Paul.
He assures her he knows.
What to do.
Where Rasputin is guest.
Who has been bringing him his favorite traditional Tobolsk cakes.
Immediately suspicious  Rasputin has the house.
Searched. 
They find Paul and Dr Remezov.
Rasputin is eager to dispatch his most implacable enemy himself  he takes Paul.
The cakes were filled.
They are alone  Paul taunts Rasputin  telling him.
He then leaps and beats him into unconsciousness.
However  Rasputin refuses to die.
Covered  he rises and walks toward Paul  shouting.
If he dies  Russia will die.
Paul finally drags him out and throws him into the river to drown.
Immediately  Alexei is freed.
Nicholas is forced.
Rasputin s minions are still.
But the old charlatan s last prophecy comes true.
The Czar is overthrown and shot.
<EOS>
Drifter cowboy Jim Garry receives a job offer.
Garry rides and finds himself in the middle of a feud between cattle ranchers and homesteaders.
Garry does nt realize.
His new boss Riling is a criminal.
Riling intends to swindle naive landowners to make sure  thereby losing their stock.
Cattle owner Lufton and his family do nt get grazing land.
Garry finally figures out.
His so-called friend is up to no good.
He switches loyalty  leading to a bloody showdown.
<EOS>
An angry loan shark has a tendency.
Who does nt have his money.
His mob boss disapproves  warning him to tone things down or else.
Things only get worse.
Expected. 
<EOS>
Scott Roper is the best hostage negotiator.
His girlfriend Veronica Ronnie Tate is a newspaper reporter.
Scott is called downtown.
Listening. 
Where a man named Earl is holding 17 hostages.
Scott rescues the hostages.
Earl s wound is.
Scott is then assigned a partner - sharpshooter Kevin McCall.
That night  Scott takes his friend  Lieutenant Sam Baffert  to see a man named Michael Korda.
Scott waits downstairs.
Sam is.
Sam asks Korda.
Who deals.
Sam suspects that some came from Korda  who is a professional jewel thief.
Sam s visit ends with Korda violently stabbing Sam to death in an elevator.
Scott rushes.
When Scott hears a woman at the sight of Sam s body.
Scott wants revenge.
Captain Frank Solis refuses to let Scott work the case  so Scott decides to work the case.
Scott and Kevin later are called.
Where hostages are being held.
Korda grabs a hostage and leaves.
When Scott sees that Korda is the hostage taker.
Scott and Kevin use Captain Solis s car to chase Korda.
Korda wrecks  the trolley accelerates.
The truck  and boards a trolley car  shoots the operator when he challenges Korda.
Scott and Kevin chase the trolley car.
Scott jumps  leaving Kevin to drive Solis s car.
Up close.
Scott and Kevin manage to stop the trolley car.
They chase Korda.
Where Korda tries to run Scott over.
Scott and Kevin still manage to apprehend Korda.
Korda orders Teal to kill Ronnie as a way to seek revenge on Scott.
Teal shows up.
Scott arrives just and chases Teal down the fire escape.
Teal is hit and killed by a car.
An angry Scott visits Korda and warns him to stay away from Ronnie  showing him an autopsy picture of Teal.
Enrages Korda.
Some time later  Korda escapes.
He kidnaps Ronnie  luring Scott and McCall into a confrontation at an abandoned shipyard.
Korda threatens to kill Ronnie.
She is pinned.
McCall is situated.
All is going on.
Korda prepares to run over Scott with his sports car.
However   Korda is shot  causing him to miss Scott completely and crash through the front of the warehouse building.
He is charging.
Scott then goes to free Ronnie.
The latter is shot once in the abdomen but survives.
Scott then chases.
Scott leaps out of the way.
Korda rams and is killed in a massive explosion.
The movie ends relaxing on their vacation at a Tahitian beach resort.
<EOS>
The first third is told from the main character s  Bauby  or.
His friends call him  first person perspective.
The film opens.
Bauby wakes.
A neurologist explains.
He has locked-in syndrome  an extremely rare condition in which the patient is almost completely physically paralyzed  but remains mentally normal.
The viewer primarily hears Bauby s thoughts.
Are inaccessible.
A speech therapist and physical therapist try to help Bauby become as functional.
Bauby can not speak.
He develops a system by blinking his left eye.
She reads a list to laboriously spell out his messages  letter by letter.
Gradually  the film s restricted point broadens out.
The viewer begins to see Bauby  in addition to experiencing incidents from his past  including a visit to Lourdes.
He also fantasizes  imagining beaches  mountains  the Empress Eugenie  and an erotic feast.
It is revealed.
Bauby had been editor  and that he had a deal to write a book.
He decides.
He will still write a book  using his slow and exhausting communication technique.
A woman.
Which Bauby had the original book contract.
The new book explains.
What it is like to now be him  trapped  which in French is called a scaphandre  as in the original title.
However  others around see his spirit  still alive.
The story is juxtaposed with his recollections and regrets until his stroke.
We see the mother.
He encounters people.
Whose lives bear similarities.
Who was kidnapped and held in solitary confinement for four years.
Who is confined.
He is too frail to descend four flights.
Bauby eventually completes his memoir and hears the critics  responses.
However  he dies after its publication.
The closing credits are accentuated.
<EOS>
A young mill worker devotes herself totally to her trade union activity even to the detriment of her private life.
She has separated and left her child in the care of a relative.
Two men enter.
She crosses first the path.
Then   she makes the acquaintance of Philippe Letourneau  the factory director.
He is the young ` son   pushed into the business by his parents.
Who are majority shareholders.
Pierrette takes no action  not wanting to compromise her union activity.
Attracted. 
It is.
She begins a relationship.
But a wave   is going to throw the protagonists towards a final drama.
The director does not control.
<EOS>
A new bullet train is speeding passengers.
S.
Senator running for president   releasing a tiny creature.
When a meteorite crashes.
The train stops to survey the damage.
The police are called.
This stop allows the creature to board the train.
It once again speeds off.
It begins to grow and multiply.
It kills and consumes everyone.
<EOS>
The plot revolves around a new television channel called TunnelVision.
Is notably free.
The movie consists for fictional movies.
Are usually not connected.
These are being shown.
Will decide the fate.
Character actor Roger Bowen was the most famous actor and was afforded the film s top billing.
His portrayal had become a familiar comic staple industry wide.
<EOS>
The United Nations establishes the United Nations Godzilla Countermeasures Center to stop Godzilla.
The remains are salvaged from the ocean and used to create two anti-Godzilla machines.
The first is a flying gunship called Garuda.
The second and more powerful machine  modeled himself  is called Mechagodzilla.
Two years later   a Japanese team comes across.
What they assume is a large pteranodon egg.
The egg gives off a strange telepathic signal.
Attracts Godzilla and Rodan  an adult pteranodon irradiated.
Both monsters appear and fight.
Godzilla critically wounds Rodan.
The research team escapes.
It s taken in Kyoto.
Where it imprints.
The research team concludes.
When a Baby Godzilla hatches.
The egg was left with Rodan  just as European cuckoos leave their eggs in the nests of other birds.
Godzilla appears  once again responding to the creature s psychic call.
The JSDF mobilizes Mechagodzilla.
Intercepts Godzilla as he is making his way.
It malfunctions  allowing Godzilla to regain his strength and temporarily defeat his mechanical double.
Mechagodzilla can kill Godzilla.
Godzilla continues searching.
The scientists  having discovered the telepathic link  shield it from Godzilla.
Frustrated  Godzilla destroys most before returning to the ocean.
Tests reveal.
It has a second brain that controls the animal s movement.
The UNGCC assumes.
The same goes and decide to Baby to bait Godzilla into a fight with Mechagodzilla.
The G-Crusher is installed  allowing the robot to penetrate Godzilla s hide and paralyze the monster by destroying its second brain.
The plan backfires  however.
When Rodan  having survived his battle and further mutated by radiation  responds to Baby s call and intercepts the UNGCC transport.
The UNGCC is forced to send Mechagodzilla and Garuda instead and  in the ensuing battle  Rodan is mortally wounded.
Godzilla shows up moments later and attacks Mechagodzilla.
Mechagodzilla combines.
When the two appear to be evenly matched.
The upgraded Mechagodzilla  called Super-Mechagodzilla  carries out the G-Crusher plan and succeeds.
Suddenly  the dying Rodan  once again revived  attempts to escape.
Super-Mechagodzilla shoots him down and Rodan lands.
Rodan s lifeforce regenerates Godzilla s second brain and supercharges him.
Now more unstoppable  Godzilla attacks and destroys Super-Mechagodzilla with a high-powered red atomic ray.
Godzilla finally locates Baby.
Who is.
Miki Saegusa  a young psychic woman  telepathically communicates with Godzilla  convincing him to adopt Baby as his own.
<EOS>
A single mother  Dee-Dee  returns after a lengthy absence  posing a potential threat to the marriage of her old high school flame and his wife.
She is dying and is searching for someone to take care of her son Trooper.
She is gone.
She makes candles.
She says they symbolize light.
The town rallies and brings back memories of living there.
She is wasting away.
When she was growing up.
Sam  her old flame turned veterinarian  and his wife Lydia  also a vet  agree to take care.
They fall while he is helping them at the vet clinic.
<EOS>
Residents of the garrison at the Fort Humboldt Army outpost are supposedly suffering from a diphtheria epidemic.
A train is heading.
There are also civilian passengers - Nevada governor Fairchild and his mistress Marica  among others.
The train stops briefly.
Where it takes.
However  Deakin is actually an undercover federal agent.
Deakin  along  the Reverend  discovers.
The epidemic is actually a conspiracy.
One  though  men aboard the train keep dying.
It steams.
<EOS>
Ruslan Drachev is a former Russian mobster and a current writer living in California.
When he gets a call that his daughter Lanie is getting married.
Ruslan catches the red eye to New Jersey and heads into Trenton to see Lanie.
Who is an attorney.
A.
S office.
Ruslan is somewhat concerned.
Lanie is marrying Stephan Arbarn  the son.
Ruslan worked.
Ruslan finds.
Catherine is now married.
Lanie tells Ruslan.
Terry is a jerk.
Ruslan pulls Stephan.
Stephan assures Ruslan.
He has no interest and just wants to love his new wife and start a new life.
A pair break in  stab Catherine to death  and then stab Lanie  leaving her in critical condition.
Everyone leaves to go to the church where the wedding will take place.
Detective Norden and Detective Lavastic are heading the investigation.
It was made to look.
Ruslan knows full well.
It was not a robbery.
Dr Brown tells Ruslan.
She expects Lanie to recover.
Ruslan starts his own investigation and learns.
Mikhail  who hates Ruslan  was.
Terry   is also.
Who is Mikhail s attorney.
Mikhail despised the thought marrying a prosecuting attorney instead of following in Mikhail s footsteps.
Catherine was about to blow the whistle.
Ruslan is willing to do.
Whatever it takes to make Mikhail and Terry pay.
<EOS>
Sarojini is a house wife and is also a social worker.
Majority of the villagers depend on the Khadi weaving mills for their livelihood.
Sarojini too runs a mill.
Her husband Kumaran is a political worker.
Praveen comes to help the villagers.
Who is an executive.
He lends money to them.
Being innocent they do not realize the trick.
Sarojini and Kumaran try their level best to make the people understand Praveen s intention.
Meanwhile Praveen fakes love.
They were.
<EOS>
Meredith Appleton arrives with her elderly uncle George Wadsworth.
Her uncle has been sent as the previous one committed suicide.
Her uncle is shown to be a gruff man very critical.
Meredith meets the girl Nettie  a local girl.
Whom she asks to care.
She then meets the mother  Alma Stanley and her two sons  Tom and Robbie.
The father  Harry Stanley takes the George.
George is disapproving.
The first night   she hears baby birds chirping.
Meredith is preparing tea.
She douses the fire and is not able to prepare hot tea.
He has a panic attack brought on by his war experiences.
Nettie introduces Meredith.
Nettie tries to send a message.
All is well rendering the system useless.
We learn.
Having afternoon tea.
Meredith is unable to give birth.
She lost her fiancee  then became pregnant during an affair with a married man.
Complications cause her womb to be removed.
Harry visits her  and seduces her.
Alma becomes aware.
Informs George  then forces her family to leave the island.
George is forced to overly exert himself and becomes very ill and dies.
Pushing up a store.
Jack must keep solitary watch.
There is no one else.
They bury George and provide a eulogy.
A whole gale forms.
Meredith is at the lighthouse forcing her to stay there.
Meredith learns.
To turn the lighthouse and the Flag semaphore system.
She conveys her sense.
Jack has a panic attack  seeing hallucinations  and runs into the wilderness.
She finds her lost lamb.
Going. 
Jack helps her recover it.
Jack sees a ship and signals.
It to pick up Meredith.
She begs him to let her stay.
He feels insecure being close.
They kiss.
She leaves.
He promises to come visit her.
Meredith is seen smiling.
She floats away.
<EOS>
Shatter and Jackson are two Chicago police officers sent to investigate the brutal murder.
Shatter and Jackson are summoned for questioning.
The investigation begins.
They realize.
They are   pursuing a supernatural being - Satan s emissary  Prosatanos - who tried to wrest control of the world from God during the crusades.
Prosatanos  however  was stopped.
Who trapped him.
The source of Prosatanos  power - his scepter - was shattered into nine pieces.
Were subsequently sent.
These pieces remained safe.
When Prosatanos was inadvertently freed by two unsuspecting grave robbers.
Prosatanos eventually collects all nine pieces  detectives Shatter and Jackson must fight him to save the world.
<EOS>
Master Wang is actually the 11th prince.
Posing  the prince is trying to determine.
Is trying to assassinate him.
A jewel thief  Dirty Ho runs afoul.
Who uses Wong Yue to help him flush out his enemies.
Wang is a martial arts expert.
He systematically hides his skills.
Order to conceal his identity.
As he deploys them.
Proper Wang encounters a jewel thief named Dirty Ho at a brothel.
They come by vying with one another for the attentions of the courtesans.
Dirty Ho   ca nt figure out.
Who is not too bright.
His efforts to fight.
It is Wang.
Who skillfully deflects Ho.
Wang pretends.
A female musician is his bodyguard  invisibly manipulating the bewildered woman s arms  legs and musical instrument.
It is  however  all part  he is secretly protecting Ho from the police  and is training the bumbling Ho as his disciple and bodyguard.
Ho eventually seeks.
Order to discover the antidote.
Ho is initially puzzled.
He remains initially a clueless bystander  first  an attack at a wine-tasting  and then a visit to an antique-dealer s shop.
Wang manages to defend himself admirably.
Maintaining the fiction that he is simply having a friendly aesthetic conversation.
Only does Ho figure out and intervene.
What s going on.
Wang receives a wound through a stratagem of the antiques dealer.
The master and his disciple sequester themselves.
But it is nearly time.
To assemble to the throne  and so Wang and Ho undertake the dangerous journey to Peking with Wang in disguise  being pushed in a wheelchair by Ho.
Defeating an army  they manage to extract from the assassins  leader the identity of the Prince.
Who is targeting Wang.
The heroes then encounter their most formidable enemy  General Liang.
A climactic fight sequence follows.
They manage to defeat their enemies just.
Ho   passes his master his necklace of beads on the pole  the Prince takes them and deftly uses the pole to send Ho flying outside the room.
They ve used.
The film ends.
<EOS>
Willy McBean is sick.
Meanwhile an evil scientist is building a time machine.
He can go back and be the most famous person in history.
A monkey climbs  he explains.
He escaped.
He tells McBean.
What he is planning to do.
Pablo stole the plans.
McBean builds his own machine to go back to stop Von Rotten.
The machine is nt working properly they end up  they escape moments.
Custer is killed.
They arrived.
Where they meet Buffalo Bill.
Von Rotten plans to become the fastest gun.
Von Rotten asks Bill down.
Both guns are sabotaged.
Anyone can be shot.
Von Rotten has failed.
He moves.
Christopher Columbus.
Von Rotten convinces the crew.
They should mutiny.
Once more McBean and Pablo stop the evil professor.
Land is not far off.
Von Rotten goes back in time to England in the days of King Arthur.
Pablo and Willy get Arthur to pull the sword.
They later go back.
Willy and Pablo reach Ancient Rome.
Then they go back to get the caveman to invent fire and the wheel before Von Rotten.
Von Rotten shows them history.
They go back.
<EOS>
The story revolves.
Who lives.
Sophia.
When she is stalked and then attacked.
Here she rents a room.
Six months later he proposes.
She accepts.
She meets with an unemployed actor  Vicky Malhotra  and is attracted to him  but decides to go ahead and marry Karan.
She changes her mind  ditches him and decides to move in with Vicky.
But things take a turn.
He commits suicide.
When Karan gets embarrassed for being dumped at the altar.
She realizes.
When Sophia finds out.
It was her fault that Karan was killed.
Soon enough  it is revealed.
It was actually Vicky s fault Karan died  because Vicky was hired.
Sophia goes mad  and insists on meeting Rohit Shroff.
Vicky calls Rohit.
Rohit arrives.
It turns out.
Karan is actually Rohit Shroff.
It is revealed  so he hired Vicky to enter her life and make her fall.
Karan was  therefore decided to make a film on Sophia s life.
Then he faked.
His suicide and that would be the ending.
It turns out.
He had hidden cameras  and recorded all the intimate scenes between Vicky and her.
Karan then convinces Vicky and Sophia.
If they do not go along  he would upload the intimate scenes of them on the internet  and turn them into.
Therefore  Vicky and Sophia let the movie release.
Karan plans a publicity stunt by him getting shot by Vicky  then getting up and revealing.
He is still alive.
However  nothing goes as planned.
Vicky shoots Karan multiple times  but it turns out.
The gun had real bullets.
Karan brutally dies.
All the movie s staff are arrested.
Vicky explains to the police officers.
It was all supposed to be a publicity stunt.
They let him free.
Vicky escapes.
All the blame goes.
They had planned the stunt.
Vicky arrives and meets Sophia.
Where it is revealed that Sophia and Vicky have actually murdered Karan.
Sophia changed the fake gun to shoot with.
The associate producers are trapped in jail.
Sophia received Karan s wealth and property  and lives a rich lifestyle.
She marries Vicky who is now a famous superstar due.
<EOS>
A blonde federal law enforcement officer investigating the case decides to take a drastic step.
When a serial killer preys.
Her husband  a scientist experimenting only  transplants brain cells from a comatose patient into the agent s brain  hoping.
It will stimulate memories that will help her find the killer.
<EOS>
Ayu and Malik  two siblings are going.
When their beloved mother just died.
Malik feels so depressed believing.
He was the main cause.
Malik left to take a stroll in the forest.
He appeared.
On and on he went until he realised he was lost and the next very moment.
Not only had he gotten  he was captured.
Himself lost.
He is now subjected to be used by the Nenek Kebayan to produce Essence of Youth made of human child s tears.
Ayu rushed to help her brother.
She too is sucked.
Ayu had to endure various types to find and save her brother in her journey in the Magika world.
And so begins the encounters like Badang  Dragon of Tasik Chini  Nenek Kebayan  Puteri Bunian  Pak Pandir  Hang Tuah and the Warriors of Melaka  Puteri Gunung Ledang  Bawang Putih and a lot more characters.
The irony  all these characters actually sing in their conversation with each other.
<EOS>
Uwe  owner  and his wife Ellen   are friends with Katrin   and her husband Chris  a radio DJ.
Who works.
Who works.
Neither marriage is holding together well  soon  Chris begins an affair.
They try  and fail to solve the problem   the two couples respond to the situation in different ways.
When Katrin discovers this.
When this fails.
<EOS>
Mai falls with Ayman.
Who passes away chasing her brother Mohammad  a drug addict  who stole her bag.
The story repeats itself with her new boyfriend Yaser.
Mai asks.
Who works as she detects Ayman s diaries with the help of his father and figures that the same story happened to Ayman  whose girlfriend died a year prior his death.
The movie kicks off.
What happened.
She splits the story.
Events are ambiguous a mysterious.
They unravel.
The first scene is shown again  with the fact about Ayman s story being revealed.
Mai reaches Yaser s apartment to find her brother pointing a gun  so she rushes and takes the bullet.
The movie ends on a date with Noura  Mai s friend.
He announces his love  on the same exact day.
He announced his love  one year before.
And the interesting fact is.
A picture of him is shown where he stands next to Ayman.
<EOS>
The film is set.
Where villagers work.
It is a village.
Where people are trying hard to make peace.
Daily rituals betray their simmering anger and their helplessness.
The landlord has apparently sold his plots.
Has demolished the house of the villagers who refuses to vacate it.
The elderly farmer s son is a rickshaw puller.
The rickshaw pullers have gone.
Has turned violent.
Both father and son are equally clueless.
<EOS>
The Devil s Sword follows a quest to find an ancient sword.
Was forged.
An old man creates the Devil s Sword.
Who finds the meteorite.
He hides it.
It burns down his hut.
Whoever wields.
The sword holds the greatest power imaginable.
Banyujaga is sent to steal the fiance of a local village s princess to keep as her own subject.
Mandala  a one time colleague of Banyujaga  sees the scuffle and helps defend the village  and ends up helping the princess recover her husband to be.
Mandala recovers the Devil s Sword  but will it ultimately be enough to defeat the Alligator Queen and Banyujaga.
<EOS>
The movie revolves around a Joint family and explicitly show.
Some people take advantage.
But Unity is Strength.
Is the principle motivating factor.
Kutumba Rao and his wife Kamala played the role.
Satyam and his wife  Suseela  imposes strict rules and takes care of the well being of everybody in it.
Ramanayya s wife  Anasuya grows jealous.
Her distant relative Vaikuntam starts spreading his evil influence.
Satyam fights and brings about the evil-doings of Vaikuntam to the notice of Kutumba Rao.
The family reunites to live together.
<EOS>
The film focuses.
Who travels.
Meanwhile  Ash  Misty  Brock  and Pikachu are to the next gym in their Johto journey and get a lift from a man named Maki.
Who takes them.
They see a Suicune.
They are warned.
When they plan to enter a forest that is claimed to have many unusual and rare Pokemon.
May carry a person off unless those hearing it stand still.
Ash finds Sam alone.
Celebi has fled.
Sam awakens and discovers.
He is 40 years.
He  Ash  and the others search find it in a tree.
The gang manage to gain Celebi s trust.
They run.
Who has been trying to capture Celebi.
Jessie  James  and Meowth also team up to capture Celebi.
The heroes take Celebi.
Where it is healed.
The group spend the night.
The next day  Celebi is captured and is turned evil by the Dark Ball  a ball with special powers  and immensly strengthen their target.
Turns the captured Pokemon evil.
Ash attempts to save Celebi.
Falls over.
Ash lands  but the Marauder begins to step on his hand  it keeps doing this.
Ash falls unconscious.
The Iron Masked Marauder orders Celebi create a giant monster.
The heroes chase in Maki s flying boat  but are brought down by the evil Celebi s attacks.
The Iron Masked Marauder tries to kill Ash and Sam.
Suicune saves them.
Brock sends out his Onix.
It and Suicune do battle.
Ash  Sam  and Pikachu clamber and manage to get Celebi to remember its memories.
The Iron Masked Marauder falls into the lake.
The other heroes rush and find Ash and Sam with Celebi.
Who suddenly falls limp.
Ash and Sam realize.
Celebi is dead and everyone weeps  while the Pokemon howl in grief.
However  the Voice materializes in the sky.
Numerous appear and resurrect Celebi.
The Iron Masked Marauder suddenly appears and kidnaps Celebi and flies up.
Ash and Pikachu hold.
He flies away.
Pikachu destroys the Masked Marauder s jetpack.
They fall  but Celebi saves them.
The Iron Masked Marauder falls down and is confronted by the old woman  her granddaughter Diana  Maki  and all the Pokemon of the forest.
Celebi prepares to bring Sam back.
He has an emotional farewell and departs with Celebi.
He talks.
Ash leaves the town.
What happened  and muses.
Professor Oak tells a sad Ash.
He and Sam are going to be friends forever.
Ash  Brock  and Misty realise.
They never told Professor Oak Sam s name  but are soon distracted.
Professor Oak is then shown from earlier in the film  revealing.
Professor Oak is the grown-up Sam.
He finally reveals.
It happened like it was only yesterday.
<EOS>
Vicky Lane and Dan Christy get and go separate ways.
A jealous Vicky becomes involved.
Dan s career declines.
That and he misses Vicky  so he follows her where she and Victor are opening a new show together.
Dan goes and wakes up the next morning.
To find that he has somehow hired a Latin secretary named Rosita Murphy.
This leads Vicky to think again.
Dan is up.
<EOS>
Silvia Broome is an interpreter working in New York.
She was raised  but has dual citizenship.
The United Nations is considering indicting Edmond Zuwanie  president  to stand trial in the International Criminal Court.
Initially a liberator  he has become as corrupt and tyrannical as the government.
He overthrew  and is now responsible.
Zuwanie is soon to visit the United Nations and put forward his own case  in an attempt to avoid the indictment.
A security scare forces the evacuation.
Silvia returns to reclaim some personal belongings.
She overhears discussion of an assassination plot  and runs scared from the building.
When those discussing the plot become aware.
The next day  Silvia recognizes words.
Where she is interpreting.
They   call in the United States Secret Service.
Who assign Tobin Keller and Dot Woods to investigate  as well as protect Zuwanie when he arrives.
Keller learns.
Silvia has   been involved in a Matoban guerrilla group  that her parents and sister were killed by land mines laid by Zuwanie s men  and that she has dated one of Zuwanie s political opponents.
The two grow.
Keller is suspicious.
Close and Keller ends up protecting her.
Silvia later finds.
Her brother Simon and her lover Xola were killed.
The purported assassin is discovered.
Zuwanie is to the General Assembly.
Security personnel rush Zuwanie.
Silvia  anticipating this  has been hiding  and confronts Zuwanie and intends to kill him herself.
Keller determines.
The assassination plot is a false flag operation created to gain credibility that his rivals are terrorists and to deter potential supporters of his removal.
Keller rushes and arrives just in time to prevent Silvia from murdering Zuwanie.
Zuwanie is indicted.
Silvia is expelled  returning home to Matobo soon afterwards.
<EOS>
Dissatisfied up and move out to his great-grandfather s old house in the country.
The house starts to make it clear.
Trying to patch it up.
The local church seems to take a shine.
<EOS>
An American doctor  Dr Nicholas Pinter  working for Doctors Beyond Borders  is mistakenly identified as a secret agent by the Russian mob.
He escapes a close brush and then rescued by the British Secret Service and a beautiful but mysterious woman named Katrine.
His life dramatically changes.
When he helps this mysterious woman escape.
<EOS>
The story begins.
Frankie Foster leaves home after graduating high school.
Frankie is just about to move back home.
When she meets Stanley Benson.
Stanley asks Frankie out and convinces her to stay in Manhattan and take some classes at the local community college.
Frankie tells Stanley.
She is broke.
He suggests a way.
She can earn some extra money.
She does nt like the tone.
She is broke and has little choice  Johnny Pearson s place.
She follows Stanley.
Johnny calls himself a manager.
Frankie immediately knows.
He is truly a pimp.
He offers her an opportunity to earn some money and even gives her a room.
She can live in.
Frankie wants to tell him.
Where to go.
She is broke.
She moves in and begins sleeping with men  for money  during the nights  and working with Johnny s mother  Mrs Pearson during the day in the family s bakery  which is nothing more than a cover business for tax purposes.
Stanley stays with her and promises her.
She can not do this all her life if she would just go.
Frankie enrolls at Harlem Community College.
Where she meets Gladys.
They are.
They must write about their most troubling experience.
Frankie writes.
Johnny is pimping her out.
Concerned  Professor Roberti talks Frankie into leaving Johnny s place and hiding out with him in his house in Brooklyn.
Afraid Johnny will have her killed  Frankie refuses to leave and eventually stops attending class.
Frustrated but undeterred  Professor Roberti finds Frankie and makes him a deal.
He buys her  freeing her from Johnny s control.
Shortly afterwards  Professor Roberti dies.
Frankie is devastated.
Lucky  she reunites with Stanley.
He apologies.
She forgives him.
They leave Manhattan to start a new life together.
<EOS>
Joe Gimlet is a middle-aged  middle-class man dissatisfied.
Joe presumably wakes up to discover.
He s been transported to the time of the horse and buggy.
He awakens in his hospital bed relieved  telling his wife.
He would nt change a thing together.
<EOS>
Andie Anderson is a writer.
Who works.
She is bored and wishes she cares about.
She could write more about important things.
She soon finds herself writing.
An article called How to Lose a Guy.
The idea comes.
When Andie s friend  Michelle  experiences a minor breakdown.
Using her friend  Andie reveals.
She will actually start dating a guy and drive him away.
` only using the classic mistakes women make.
Advertising executive Benjamin Barry is striving for a pitch to advertise diamonds and explains to his boss and co-workers  a woman in love wants diamonds.
A woman wants chocolate.
Questioning  Ben bets.
What Ben would know.
He could make any woman fall with him if he wanted to  and so the bet arises.
He can be.
He can make any woman fall before the upcoming company ball  in just 10 days.
Ben s rival co-workers  Judy Spears and Judy Green   conspire to have Andie and Ben meet that night and start their quests.
Who were earlier and are aware of Andie s new assignment.
Fortunately   Ben thinks.
Night Andie and Ben happen to be and as Judy and Judy refer to her as the blond with the pretty smile.
It is a done deal.
Neither Andie nor Ben reveal their true intentions.
Andie works hard to make Ben break up  however  Ben continues to stick around in the hope of making her fall in love with him.
Order to go.
Ben stays despite everything.
They attend couples counseling  led by Andie s friend Michelle.
They agree  to their ` problems  they will go to see Ben s family in Staten Island for the weekend.
Ben and Andie begin to form a genuine bond  playing card games  learning to ride Ben s motorcycle and upon arrival home.
Holidaying together.
Ben even refers to Andie.
Andie tries to explain.
She can not go as she has really got to know this guy.
Lana remains insistent.
Andie and Ben go to the company ball.
Together where Ben s boss  Phillip meets Andie and tells Ben that he met her  she loves you  you win.
Seeing Ben s good news  Spears and Green are instantly envious and set about to ruin it.
They tell his close worker colleagues  Tony and Thayer Andie knew and was playing along in order for Ben to win.
Almost instantly  Tony and Thayer rush and beg her to keep quiet.
When they do not realize she is still blissfully unaware.
Almost simultaneously  Ben finds out.
They are revealed by boss Lana - who is unaware of Ben s role in her How to Girl s article.
Andie attempts to humiliate Ben by getting on stage and telling all and is to sing a song.
He has prepared a special treat.
Ben reveals and instructs his friends to not let her leave the room.
They have prepared a duet.
They go on to sing  do nt you.
A poor version re So Vain  originally by Carly Simon described as one of their personal favourites which they alternatively sang as  A  Ben Barry you re so vain  you probably think this song is about you  do nt you.
B  Look  You took me  you made.
Me miss the big game.
A  Oh  Smart Guy s a rhymer  well do.
We want everybody to know your love making is lame.
B   you named my penis  you named my penis.
Because you named my penis.
They go their separate ways.
Ben is shown Andie s article and encouraged to read it.
She explains.
She ` lost the one man she ever fell  and when he hears she quit her job at Composure and was on her way to Washington for an interview he chases her and stops her.
Calling her bluff and saying  they reveal.
She is running away.
They kiss.
<EOS>
The film begins  Nicholas Sinclair  and his time-travel research colleagues  are all dying from a unknown virus.
He travels back through a time warp to find and retrieve a defective robotic probe.
The real trouble begins.
When his colleagues send a probe.
This creates a time paradox and causes alternate timeline to develop.
Humanity is being wiped out.
They are also waging a war.
The robots are actually A.
P.
E.
X extermination units being constantly sent back over and over to erase the paradoxical timeline.
<EOS>
The nature-talent fairies are bringing.
Meanwhile  Tinker Bell and dust-talent fairies are staying in Pixie Hollow.
Tinker Bell is trying to make a Pixie Express.
But it fails.
As she is called to meet Queen Clarion  Fairy Mary  and Redleaf  the Minister.
They show her a mystical moonstone and explain its tremendous powers.
Every eight years  there is a blue harvest moon.
It creates blue-colored pixie dust to strengthen and rejuvenate the pixie dust tree.
When the light passes through the moonstone.
The Autumn Revelry is the associated event.
Which the fairies gather to collect the dust.
A new scepter is to be made to raise the moonstone.
Tinker Bell has been recommended.
Fairy Mary explains.
Tinker Bell has made mistakes.
Tinker fairies learn.
Tinker Bell accepts the task  as well as help.
But  Tinker Bell begins to have trouble.
The work progresses.
Who is trying too hard to be helpful.
An accident occurs  causing the scepter and the stone to break.
Tinker Bell sets out.
She s created to find a magic mirror  which   granted two of three wishes before becoming lost.
Tinker Bell intends to use the third and last wish to restore the shattered moonstone.
She meets Blaze  a brave firefly.
Tinker Bell finally discovers the mirror.
She accidentally wastes the third wish.
She is found.
Who has been following her.
Tinker Bell and Terence start back.
Tinker Bell fixes the scepter using a white gem from the top of the mirror  the scepter pieces  and the moonstone pieces  all set at just the right angle.
Terence has wisely brought.
She discovers the magic.
Thanks teamwork with Terence  she is ready to give the scepter to Queen Clarion.
The assembled fairies are all shocked and alarmed to see the fragments.
When she unveils the scepter.
However  the broken moonstone shards create an unexpected benefit  they drastically magnified and increased the surface area.
Which the rays could pass  creating the largest supply of blue-colored pixie dust ever seen in Pixie Hollow.
<EOS>
The story follows one serial killer.
Who uses the help to murder his targets.
Crashed his taxi and killed himself.
When The Central Bureau has been made aware of a killer cab-driver in Malaysia who killed several people in a matter of hours  and then.
The same thing happened again  this time were killed by another.
Who also ended up being killed.
Now  this time.
Nikhil is an Indian living  and is madly in love with a cabaret dancer named Ria.
He is willing to do anything  and so is she.
However  life has other plans.
When one night  a suave businessman named Vikram  hails his cab.
Nikhil discovers.
This pleasant passenger has an agenda and a rather sinister one at that.
Vikram holds Nikhil hostage to bump off various people.
Who would testify.
He finds his life and dreams crumbling around him.
Nikhil helplessly becomes witness killing after another.
Faced.
He has been working.
He stops dreaming and starts acting.
He begins to pit his wits.
Killing one  Nikhil seems to be the prime suspect   however Nikhil fights back.
S why Vikram plans to kill him and flee.
Therefore Vikram escapes and kidnaps his girlfriend Ria.
Only way is.
Ria could survive.
Nikhil would take the blame.
Will Nikhil blame himself.
He did nt do.
<EOS>
Daughters is set in 1902 among the members of the Peazant family  Gullah.
Who live.
Helena Island  South Carolina.
<EOS>
An Australian heiress  Alexandra  hires Carlos  a down tourist  after her father vetoes her burly  life-of-the-party boyfriend  Bruce.
Carlos is a waiter working.
<EOS>
The film opens.
She eventually comes  goes into the emergency room and reveals her hands.
Are cut and covered.
The film cuts.
Who are trying to pick up a criminal from the next town.
He gets a call  is instructed to take a report on her stolen car  and heads for the hospital.
Brenda is.
She reveals to Lorenzo.
Her four year-old son  Cody  was when it was stolen.
Lorenzo reacts.
One gives him a shot of adrenaline.
It is also revealed.
Brenda s brother is a policeman.
The police begin to search.
Her brother overreacts and calls every police car to seal up the projects and look.
Tensions grow.
The local media cover the story extensively.
Lorenzo takes Brenda home.
He suspects.
There s something she s not telling him.
He starts to drive home and realizes.
He s being followed.
He pulls over and discovers.
It s a volunteer group that helps look.
He declines their help and goes home.
The next day  Lorenzo visits his incarcerated son  then checks up.
Who has helped a sketch artist draw a rendering.
There s still no sign.
Tensions are rising.
Lorenzo again asks Brenda.
What really happened.
She pleads to believe her.
She would never hurt him.
She goes.
Where she works.
The children try to cheer her up.
A mother tells Brenda to stay away.
She s leaving.
The white town s cops show up and arrest a man.
They beat him  drag him back and hold up the drawing of the wanted man.
Whom he resembles.
They start to question him.
When Lorenzo and Brenda s brother show up.
Brenda s brother goes and beats the man.
Other officers have to drag them apart.
Lorenzo leaves and runs into his partner outside.
Realizing  Lorenzo asks his partner to stall them day.
The case will be turned over.
Lorenzo calls and suggests they search Freedomland.
It s the site - abandoned for years - and the only place in the area.
Where a small child could wander or hide.
They also feel.
Taking Brenda there will get the truth out.
The searchers gather.
Lorenzo learns.
Their leader lost her son about ten years before.
She talks.
They search.
The leader tells Brenda.
She wishes she knew where her son was.
She knows who did it  but ca nt prove it.
She runs.
Through what she would like to say and where his body was placed.
Gradually  she shifts the context.
Her son was dead.
Brenda begins to Lorenzo  knowing.
She killed Cody.
Brenda reveals.
Freedomland is the wrong place to look.
She leads them.
Which they find a shallow grave covered.
Lorenzo calls  ordering an exhumation.
He also realizes.
Brenda could nt have moved.
Lorenzo takes her back.
They talk.
Brenda then confesses.
She was having an affair.
She would feed Cody cough syrup  to get him to sleep  so she could have sex without interruption.
Billy ended the relationship  Cody would nt fall asleep.
Brenda and Billy fought.
Brenda walked out to see him.
She would be sorry.
She found Cody dead.
When she returned.
He d overdosed.
She lost it  not knowing.
When Brenda realized what happened.
What to do.
She drove out and dug his grave with her bare hands.
Then she called her ex-lover and asked him to help.
He carried Cody  buried him  and put the rocks over the grave - both as a tribute.
To keep animals away.
Lorenzo signs an arrest warrant.
Both Brenda and Billy are taken away.
That night  the police make their presence known due to the tensions over the arrest of another black man.
Tensions are even higher.
Lorenzo implores both sides to calm down and step back.
Things go too far.
However  several tenants do not.
Lorenzo has been trying to keep out.
The situation erupts.
Fires are set  people beaten  cops jumped.
Arrests made everywhere.
Lorenzo attempts to break up fights but ends up getting struck.
When pulling a tenant off.
The next day  Brenda is charged and sits in prison awaiting trial.
Lorenzo visits Brenda and tells her to channel her grief into something positive - helping other prisoners.
Brenda says.
Thanks him.
He promises.
He ll visit her.
Then he visits his son and breaks down.
Later on  Lorenzo and his partner go.
Lorenzo reads a eulogy  and thanks his partner for bringing him there.
They walk away.
<EOS>
Nick   realizes.
Whose life seemed to be going perfectly.
He may lose his girlfriend.
He sets out to go to the MuchMusic Video Awards in Toronto  along with two buddies  for the road trip of their lives.
<EOS>
A solar probe is operated.
Soon  a large CME disables the probe.
It was getting data.
Later  a multi-millionaire  Lucas Foster  funds a program to fight global warming.
It is discovered.
The methane has risen to 5 % of its composition.
However  a manned spaceplane  Galieo gets caught and is destroyed.
The tragedy is blamed.
However  it is later discovered.
A CME caused it.
Moreover  there are multiple CMEs.
Are bound to hit Earth.
That will ignite the methane and suffocate all life.
The CMEs also knock satellites  turning them into deadly meteors.
A CME hits New Zealand  turning it into a huge pool of molten rock.
Foster  a knowledgeable scientist  tries to convince his skeptic colleagues.
Who do not believe him until it is too late.
The government is not keen on believing Foster either  including fellow scientist Joanna Parks.
Who is his.
It is determined.
The CMEs strike.
25-megaton nuclear missiles will be fired to release vapor that will extinguish the methane flares.
Fortunately  Foster personally knows a Russian submarine captain.
Who reluctantly lets him.
Foster explains.
While satellite communication is cut  the sub can communicate deep.
The submarine is only designed to.
The captain tells his reluctant lieutenant to do so anyway.
The submarine survives.
Communication commences.
The Russian president   tells the captain to go ahead.
Who has been informed by the American president.
Meanwhile  the submarine has detected an American submarine  but not wanting to be detected  the Russian sub goes.
The uncooperative lieutenant threatens the captain  but Foster wrestles the gun from him.
The missiles are launched.
The lieutenant is detained.
Just then  the Russian sub is detected.
Who threaten to use force if the Russian submarine does not surrender.
The captain launches the missiles anyway.
The American submarine fires two torpedoes.
The Russian submarine releases countermeasures.
Destroy the torpedoes.
The process is repeated.
The Russian submarine takes damage.
The Americans realize.
The Russian sub is friendly.
The missiles arrive.
The Earth is saved.
Parks and Foster hug.
He makes a comment  implying.
They may renew their romantic relationship and.
<EOS>
Bleak Moments looks.
<EOS>
Bao Sing is Bao Zheng s corrupt descendant.
Who s hated.
He has a change.
When he sees rape victim Cheung Man get framed.
Bao goes.
When he tries to expose them.
Soon he finds himself.
They encounter all sorts  including Christy Chung as a circus performer/love interest and Ada Choi Siu-Fun as a classy prostitute/love interest.
<EOS>
The Abbate family lived a typical family story February 13 .
Luke was from football practice.
When the teen driver decides to go over a hill and decides and make the car go airborne.
He sped up the car.
The car landed.
Luke suffered severe head trauma and broken bones.
All the teens were hospitalized.
The doctor declared Luke brain dead the next day  Tuesday February 14th.
She said.
When Mrs Abbate told the family.
He asked What s organ donation.
The family made the very very difficult decision to donate his organs.
5 people received parts.
She received his heart.
The family then starts the journey to grieve the loss.
Each family member dealt in their own way.
The father starts working a lot more.
The mom goes.
Jon s grief though was an emotional roller coaster.
One day  however  his mom takes him to weight training to try to change his appearance and get back again.
His real life weight trainer portrays himself.
He gives Jon the speech.
He decides to go ahead and play football again.
When he feels a little bit better  but still grieving.
Then he goes to talk about switching his jersey number 40 to number.
The number Luke wore.
Wake Forest University was expected to come.
But  they end up an unlikely champion  sharing the Atlantic Coast Conference Championship with Georgia Tech and ending.
The season ranked.
Finally   the lady listened to it.
Who receives Luke s heart came.
Her little girl says Are you Luke s Mommy.
And Mr Abbate says Our Boy.
The plot is based.
Luke Abbate s parents set up a foundation.
Gives scholarships and helps families deal with issues around reckless teenage driving.
<EOS>
A man known.
Who belongs.
One day he finds an old Ola Leaf manuscript.
States the where-abouts that belongs to an ancient king.
However   he has to sacrifice the life of a virgin woman.
Who has four black birth marks  in order to gain access to the treasure.
One day  he accidentally comes.
When he walk.
Who has four black birth marks.
He decides to marry her.
He eventually marries the lady and spends time.
The lady notices.
Her husband always spends time thinking.
One day she asks him.
What keeps the man thinking all the time.
He replies.
He has to do a religious custom.
So  his wife agrees and thereby arranges everything for it.
The man starts to fulfill the custom.
Finally he kills his wife  with the hope of gaining access to the hidden treasure.
But  unfortunately he is yet unable to get the treasure.
Sadly he comes home and decides to write the complete story.
He commits suicide by hanging himself.
<EOS>
It s the story.
Who are studying.
They fall seems to be going fine till one day   following the arrest of their leader Ashraf-ul-Haq Mallik.
Visiting her brother is hijacked by a group of terrorists.
Ironically  this hijack has been engineered.
Who is.
Vijay is unaware.
His beloved sister is.
He is unable to do anything.
When he realises this.
Akhmash forbids him.
Karan daringly risks his life and rescues Pooja and the other passengers while ridding on the plane  thus inviting the wrath of Akhmash and Vijay.
Akhmash is now out to kill Karan.
Vijay puts his foot down.
When Pooja reveals her intentions.
Pooja and Karan decide to escape.
They are chased and nabbed and held captive in his den.
Akhmash then tries to blackmail the Indian government.
The Indian government decides to release Ashraf-ul-Haq Mallik to rescue Karan.
There is a fight between Karan and the terrorists.
All are killed.
Karan and Pooja are united.
This was the most successful film to date  and was an above-average grosser that year and was highly popular among the masses.
It also has arguably the most audacious helicopter stunt flying  done by Col Shaili Sharma  piloting a Bell 206L at knee-height in restricted rocky terrain near Hyderabad.
This becomes the high point.
<EOS>
The film is based.
Which two 14-year-olds -- Arbel Aloni and Moshe Moshiko Ben-Ivgi -- murdered a taxi driver.
Their names have been changed to Ido Ben Zeev and Rafi  respectively.
Ido comes.
Rafi lives and follows Ido.
The children start committing crimes  with the knowledge of Ofer Reinitz  a police officer  and the school councilor  Naomi.
They work together to put the children  and stops the children from being persecuted on several occasions.
Ido s father Gidi  who is a prominent lawyer and personal friend from the army  does not believe the accusations against his son.
Both Ido and Rafi are arrested.
They murder a taxi driver with an old revolver.
<EOS>
A beautiful  sophisticated New York woman seems to have it all.
Who goes.
She is not only the private secretary  she is also his fiancee.
But back.
When she was a girl.
And she used to be married.
Dignan.
Who was once an associate.
One day   Dunreath hatches a scheme.
When Larkin s syndicate complains that his boy-and-dog comic strip Snips and Runty has nt been as funny as it used to be.
A lot take place in Larkin s Manhattan penthouse.
The cartoonist is away.
Dignan s strips are humorous and a hit.
Old feelings begin to stir  having him around.
Larkin s housekeeper  Gussie  begins to play matchmaker.
A young orphan  Norman  arrives one day.
Larkin intends to adopt him.
Dignan is impressed  not.
He discovers that Larkin s interested only.
The TV program Person is coming to do a live interview  so Larkin wants a cute boy and happy puppy there by his side  just like his cartoon figures Snips and Runty.
Dignan is offended.
He is supposed to find a small dog  but instead brings home one called Happy  a gigantic hound.
Dignan also draws a cartoon using Larkin s name portraying Snips delinquent.
And  Larkin comes home to find Dignan and Dunreath dressed  each having drunk one too many martini.
That were nt enough.
Larkin fires Dignan.
Dignan proceeds to interrupt.
Dunreath decides to dump her betrothed and her fancy new name and live happily.
<EOS>
Pulikattil Charlie is a pet.
He   has struggled hard to create a business empire of his own.
His father was a ruthless feudal landlord.
Who had done several heinous crimes.
Charlie is now helping all those.
Who had to once suffer.
Charlie is married.
Whose father was killed.
Her brother Karnan returns to avenge against Charlie.
Karnan is unaware.
His sister is married.
Later he realizes and apologizes.
Charlie is a good hearted person and gives up revenge.
<EOS>
Four astronauts called Nova.
Has just entered Earth s solar system.
The crew begins studying the planet to see.
It s suitable.
They soon encounter and battle giant insects  an enormous snake  prehistoric mammals  dinosaurs  and - on an island - the titular character  King Dinosaur  a putative Tyrannosaurus Rex.
Eventually  the scientists blow up the island  killing all of its inhabitants.
<EOS>
Dr Neil Hamilton receives a call about a patient of hers  a boy named Bobby.
Bobby was given an experimental growth serum Travis.
Had developed.
The problem is a side effect.
Bobby has not only grown  but has also become violent and difficult.
Neil takes a sample back to his university lab.
Is being protested.
The group has problems.
Edmund Delhurst   actually experiments to find a cure for baldness.
Who claims to study cancer.
Neil and his assistant Joshua test the growth serum.
Later that night  the activists break.
They trash Delhurst s lab and Break  accidentally setting free the now-giant rats  and escape into the campus  utility tunnels.
Kill Mark.
He used a growth hormone.
Dean White hires.
A pair are only normal rats.
The rats kill several people  of the exterminators and the rest of the activists named Al and Angie.
Who tried to hunt the animals down themselves.
The rest include Delhurst s assistant  a janitor named Zeke  and three studants.
Dean White is still skeptical.
Lieutenant Weizel now believes the story.
He refuses to shut.
Alex and Niel also start to become romantically involved.
Neil attacks the Dean and is fired.
When Joshua is killed.
Suspicious  Edmund Delhurst takes the growth formula samples.
He dies.
When he tests it  cutting his finger and contaminating his blood with the cancer cells and growth serum.
He transforms.
Neil breaks back  develops an antidote and tests it out on the tumorous mass.
Was once Delhurst.
Meanwhile  the rats attack the swimming competition being held.
Weizel and his men arrive and   lures the rats into the university courtyard.
Where they gun them all down.
Neil phones Dr Travis to inform her of the completed antidote.
It is too late.
The now-psychotic and much bigger Bobby kills Travis  and escapes.
She is.
<EOS>
London detective Sherlock Holmes and his partner and flatmate Dr John Watson race to prevent the ritual murder of a woman by Lord Blackwood.
Who has killed five other young women similarly.
They stop the murder.
Inspector Lestrade and the police arrive to arrest Blackwood.
Three months later  Holmes  eccentric behavior again annoys Watson.
Watson looks forward.
He enjoys their adventures together.
Meanwhile  Blackwood has been sentenced to see Holmes in prison.
Where he warns.
Blackwood is subsequently hanged and pronounced dead.
Three days later  Holmes is visited.
Who asks him to find a missing man named Luke Reordan.
Holmes follows her.
She meets.
The concealed man states.
Reordan is the key.
Holmes only learns.
The man is a professor and that he intimidates Adler.
Blackwood s tomb is destroyed  Reordan is found dead inside the coffin.
Sightings   cause public panic.
Has left a gravedigger.
Holmes and Watson find Reordan s home and discover experiments attempting to merge science with magic.
Holmes is taken.
They survive a battle.
The leaders - Lord Chief Justice Sir Thomas Rotheram  U.
S.
Ambassador Standish  and Home Secretary Lord Coward - ask Holmes to stop Blackwood  a former member and   Sir Thomas s son.
Holmes deduces.
Sir Thomas and Standish are later killed by Blackwood  allowing him to control the Order.
He plans to overthrow the British government  then conquer the United States and the world.
He lures Holmes.
Where he finds Adler.
He saves her.
However  Watson is injured.
Lord Coward  secretly working  issues an arrest warrant for Holmes.
Holmes goes Blackwood s rituals  concluding.
The next target is Parliament.
Holmes tricks Coward.
The plan is to kill its members.
He  Adler and Watson discover a machine  based on Reordan s experiments  designed to release cyanide gas into the Parliament chambers  killing everyone but Blackwood and his supporters.
Whom Blackwood slipped the antidote.
Blackwood walks and announces.
Soon all will die.
Adler removes the cyanide containers.
Holmes and Watson battle Blackwood s men.
Blackwood and Coward realize  Coward is captured.
Their plan has failed.
Holmes confronts Adler  but is interrupted by Blackwood.
Holmes tricks him.
Holmes and Blackwood fight.
Holmes explains the technical trickery.
Blackwood  with a noose of chains around his neck  falls from the bridge and is hanged.
Adler explains.
Her employer is Professor Moriarty  warning that Moriarty is as intelligent but far more devious.
The police report.
Watson moves out.
A dead officer was found.
Moriarty used the confrontations as a diversion.
He took a key component  based  from the machine.
Holmes looks forward.
<EOS>
Lucie   is an ordinary teenager and a fan  Lauren Marks  played by Emmanuelle Seigner.
Who is 17 years old.
One day  Lucie s destiny leads her to enter.
<EOS>
Fenelon  a Jewish singer-pianist  is sent to the Auschwitz concentration camp in a crowded train during World War II.
Their heads shaved  the prisoners are processed and enter the camp.
Fenelon is recognized.
She finds.
She will be able to avoid hard manual labor and survive longer.
She strikes up a close relationship with Alma Rose  the musical group s leader  as well as the other members of the band.
Realizing  Fania convinces the guards and members.
The musicians get better treatment.
Another prisoner she had befriended  Marianne  is actually a talented singer.
She is allowed to join the orchestra.
Marianne performs poorly.
Playing  however  robs.
The women often questioned whether remaining alive was worth the abuse they constantly suffer.
<EOS>
Lucio and Riccardo  a pair  take their wives on a ski vacation but get distracted by the beautiful and seductive Nadia and Helen.
Who lure them.
<EOS>
An alcoholic Los Angeles narcotics cop  Matt Scudder  takes part.
Results. 
Scudder ends up  suffering from booze and blackouts  ending his career  his marriage  and jeopardizing his relationship with his daughter.
A woman hands Scudder.
A note  which invites him  owned by Chance Walker.
Scudder is greeted by a call girl named Sunny.
Who pretends that he is her boyfriend.
He also meets regular Angel Moldonado.
Who is infatuated.
Bewildered  Scudder follows Sunny around all night  eventually ending up back at his place.
She explains that she is frightened and needs his help.
He agrees to help her escape prostitution.
The next day   she is kidnapped.
They are putting her affairs.
Sunny is killed and thrown.
Scudder gives chase.
Scudder tracks down Chance Walker  convinced.
He killed Sunny because she was going to leave his prostitution ring.
Chance is insulted and insists.
All he does is run the private club  paying the girls a flat salary to attend his parties.
Any prostitution is up.
They do.
They keep their money.
He tells Scudder.
Sarah was Sunny s best friend.
Scudder seeks her out to find out.
Who Sunny was so frightened before she died.
She hints.
Moldonado was.
That night  Scudder sees Moldonado wearing a ring with an emerald.
Matched the missing jewel that Sunny owned.
Convinced  he forces Sarah to leave the club.
Moldonado is Sunny s killer.
Moldonado looks on.
Scudder sets up a meeting.
Where he pieces together that Moldonado is running a drug ring.
He was using Sunny to help infiltrate Chance s staff.
Scudder lets.
Moldonado leave.
He sets up a drug buy.
Chance is furious.
Moldonado has been using his club and that he killed Sunny.
Scudder convinces him to go through.
Order to trap Moldonado.
He charmingly talks to Scudder about Antoni Gaudi  putting off any talk of drugs.
Moldonado explains.
When Scudder presses him.
He knows Scudder is a cop.
He refuses to be trapped.
Unfortunately  one walks in with a shipping tube.
Scudder had seen earlier when he scoped out a grocery store which happened to be one.
Realizing  Scudder and Chase go and steal all of the drugs.
The drugs were all.
Scudder offers to return them.
Moldonado arrives with Sarah duct taped to a shotgun.
One is holding.
Scudder has booby trapped the drugs and threatens to destroy them.
Sarah is harmed.
Eventually  Moldonado agrees to cut Sarah loose.
A shootout erupts.
He can secure his drugs.
Moldonado manages to escape.
Chance is killed.
Sarah and Scudder head back.
They see Moldonado standing  waiting for them.
They ride the funicular up.
Scudder manages to kill him.
The closing scene shows Scudder on the beach.
He and Sarah stroll happily.
The film closes.
<EOS>
Jim  the young assistant are one night asked by a rough  one-legged stranger for a room.
To watch out.
The latter  a band  soon arrive.
The man asks Jim to take care.
He s been carrying.
Jim and Gran narrowly escape.
They open the casket.
They return later.
Find a map to the treasure hidden by the infamous pirate captain Flint.
Jim and Gran immediately set out to recover the riches.
They are captured by the pirate crew of Captain Silver and brought to Pirate Island.
Where both are sold.
Alerted  one of the crew  the monocled Baron  also steals the map from Jim.
Jim and Gran encounter Kathy  the feisty and resolute granddaughter of Captain Flint.
They manage to escape the cell.
Jim recovers the map.
The assembled pirate captains pour over it.
Kathy  however  promptly steals it.
Having no ship to reach the island  she accepts the Baron s offer.
Is. 
Silver and his crew try their best to steal the map back.
Kathy s distrust and Jim s secret assistance foil the scheme repeatedly.
They narrowly escape.
However  a storm rips the ship apart  Jim  Gran  Baboo  and the baby s self-appointed guardian  the walrus Otto  arrive just after Silver  his crew  and Kathy  now a prisoner of the pirates.
Kathy offers to lead Silver to the exact location of the treasure.
Silver  however  plans.
Jim chases.
Otto holds off his fellow pirates.
Silver are climbing towards the top of an extinct volcano where the treasure is hidden.
Kathy sacrifices the final secret of recovering the treasure to save Jim s life.
It does no good  the mechanism does not reveal the treasure immedialety  but instead serves to drain the island volcano s crater lake.
He is told to trigger.
Silver and his lieutenant are swept out.
The lake drains to reveal Flint s sunken ship.
Where Jim  Gran  Kathy and the reformed pirates find the treasure.
The film ends.
The dethroned captain and his lieutenant chase after them on improvised log boats  quarreling all the while.
<EOS>
The Clinic is set.
Young mother-to-be Beth is traveling cross country.
They stop at a motel in the small town of Montgomery.
Cameron goes.
A midnight stroll and comes back to find his fiance missing.
Cameron calls the local police and asks the officer on duty to check the motel.
The owner has been behaving suspiciously.
Cameron attacks the motel owner out and is arrested.
Beth later wakes naked  and discovers.
Her baby has been removed.
The only clothing is a white smock with the Roman numeral DCVIII on it.
Alone and afraid  she wanders outside of the facility and had their babies taken via.
Where she is discovered.
Meanwhile  Cameron makes an attempt to save Beth.
Where Beth is being held.
He drives on the road leading to the facility and has a fatal accident.
They discover.
Their babies are alive but locked.
The babies are wearing colored tags.
Can only be matched.
The only way to match mother is to remove the tag from their abdomens.
One has decided to cut them out of all the other women rather than from herself.
The women are picked off by the crazed mother.
Beth catches her and fatally injures her.
She dies.
The dying mother tells her.
Who told her the only way to find out which baby was hers was to kill five other woman and remove the tags inside.
She dies.
Beth takes the tag.
Beth then uses the clips to deduce.
Her baby has the violet tag.
She returns to find and is knocked out.
The babies have been removed.
She is finds herself chained to the floor.
She is confronted.
Where the prospective parents can choose which baby to adopt.
The adoptive father prepares to kill Beth.
Is customary.
He is stopped suddenly.
Who is mentally handicapped.
Beth frees herself and confronts the woman running the operation  only to discover.
She herself was picked up by her adoptive parents.
Beth takes her final revenge and escapes with her child.
Months later  she visits the grave site and makes her way to meet her biological father.
<EOS>
This film tells the story.
Who were supporters.
Accused  they were shot by the Partisans.
The country was liberated.
The movie was included at Cannes Film Festival in.
<EOS>
One-Armed insurance investigator Jack Williams is looking at a college yearbook photo of John Hansen.
When someone slips and shoots him to death.
Hot-headed private investigator Mike Hammer  Jack s war buddy  vows to avenge his friend s death  to let the police handle the case.
Pat is unable to calm Mike.
Who roughs up a wisecracking reporter.
Knowing  Pat urges the offended reporter to publish an article broadcasting.
Mike will forge ahead of his advice.
Mike is.
Mike goes to see Jack s fiancee  Myrna Devlin  a torch singer and reformed drug addict.
She is too distraught to talk.
The next day  Mike s secretary Velda tells him.
Suggests that Mike knows the identity.
Mike surmises.
Pat has given him a guest list.
The police captain is using him to draw out the killer.
Mike begins his investigation  first visiting wealthy fight promoter and art collector George Kalecki in upstate New York.
Kalecki introduces his live-in friend  John Hansen   and claims.
They were home.
He looks and sees the men arguing.
Mike is leaving.
Mike next visits alluring psychoanalyst and author Charlotte Manning.
Who was treating both Jack and Myrna.
Charlotte flirts but provides no new information.
Afterward Mike finds Pat waiting.
Pat tells him.
Kines moved out and that Kines believes Mike attempted to shoot him.
Kines s new address is the same building.
Where two other party guests  twin sisters Esther and Mary Bellamy  reside.
Mike searches Kines s apartment and finds photos and Kalecki in Europe before and after World War II.
The detective beats him up  then goes upstairs to see Mary.
When Kines returns unexpectedly and grabs Mike s arm.
Who knew Jack when he worked at her father s estate.
He questions her and learns.
Mike resists Mary s attempts to seduce him.
Charlotte drove her  Myrna and Esther home that night after Jack and Myrna had an argument.
Ex-Boxer Killer Thompson reveals to Mike and Velda.
Kalecki  his former manager  runs a numbers racket.
Mike seeks more information.
His questions earn him only a severe beating.
Charlotte tends and restores his spirits with a kiss  then asks.
Jack might have left a message before he died.
Mike slips through a window to avoid the policeman on guard  and finds a note from Pat.
Who anticipated his arrival.
Mike also finds Jack s diary.
Includes notations.
Mike locates Eileen s father  veterinarian R.
H.
Vickers  ran away with John Hansen.
Who reveals that he had asked Jack to help his daughter.
Mike finds Eileen.
Is a front.
She only knows.
She is shocked to hear.
He wanted her to get help.
He has gathered  Mike has more questions than answers.
He and Pat continue their research and find the photo of Hal Kines.
Who is identified.
They find Eileen s and Kines s dead bodies.
Police implement Jack s raid.
Mike is baffled.
Kalecki admits that he and Kines had argued with Esther.
He was found.
Confusion continues to mount.
Charlotte and Mike are nearly killed.
When someone fires outside his office.
Mike is awakened that night.
A department store Santa Claus  who warns Mike that the big man is.
Kines has been posing.
He may have been running Kalecki s numbers racket  using his identity as a student as a cover.
Mike goes to search Kines s room inside burning Kines s papers.
Kalecki shoots and is killed.
When Mike fires back.
Mike grabs Kalecki s gun.
As the police arrive to arrest him.
Angered  Pat waits.
Mike is taking the law.
The next day to release him.
Mike then gives him Kalecki s gun.
They later search Kalecki s safe-deposit box.
Is filled.
The detectives now realize.
Jack must have been investigating Kalecki and Kines  who had been fencing stolen jewelry.
A police analyst determines.
Although all four murders were committed  it was not Kalecki s gun.
Knowing  Pat now suspects.
Myrna was once a jewel thief.
She may have been influenced to murder her fiance.
He believes.
Before  Mike confides.
Kines worked the college campuses for Kalecki.
He sends Mike and Charlotte to retrieve her.
When Pat learns that Myrna is drunk.
They take the drunken woman.
However  Charlotte injects Myrna and questions her about Jack.
Mike leaves.
Myrna is too disoriented to respond.
Mike  meanwhile  is beaten up at his office  but he turns the tables on them.
They are eventually arrested  however  they reveal no new information.
When questioned.
The medical examiner finds the needle mark  prompting Pat to assume.
When Myrna is found dead from a hit and run accident.
She had returned.
Mike then realizes that Charlotte murdered Myrna  and surmises.
Charlotte found out during a hypnosis section with Kines and that she plans to take over Kalecki s business.
Mike waits his accusations at her.
Charlotte attempts to seduce him  but.
Fact is reaching as she embraces him  forcing Mike to kill her in.
<EOS>
The plot is centered around two underachieving pot smokers  Silas and Jamal.
Silas uses his ashes.
When Silas s friend Ivory dies.
Neither is able to smoke his individual marijuana stash.
Both are sitting before taking their THC exams for college.
They soon discover.
Smoking Silas s new batch summons the ghost  visible to just the two of them.
Ivory tells them the test answers.
They take the test.
They both score perfect scores.
Several dubious colleges offer the pair scholarships.
None are appealing.
Eventually  Chancellor Huntley suggests the two apply.
Once there  they meet Bart  captain  his girlfriend Lauren  I Need Money  and their roommates Jeffrey & Tuan.
They visit Dean Carl Cain  they must maintain a minimum grade point average.
They are settled.
Who tells them that.
0 to remain at Harvard  or else face expulsion.
Jamal joins the rowing team hoping to outrank Bart.
Silas enrolls to develop his herbal skills.
They both enroll together.
There are two other classes in which they have enrolled alone.
Year  they pass every test with the help of Ivory.
Silas continues to woo and study.
Jamal dates the U.
S.
Vice president s daughter Jamie.
They pull pranks and steal.
Angers Bart  Jeffrey  and Dean Cain.
However  things go downhill.
Gerald  the volunteer officer  steals and smokes the Ivory plant  leaving the pair without access to Ivory.
Whose bicycle was stolen and crushed.
Silas begins working  using plant extracts.
Silas concludes.
If his experiment works  he will earn an A  and a guarantee of a next semester.
However  his experiment fails numerous times.
Jamal suggests they go to a graveyard  dig up a smart dead guy  and smoke his remains  Silas suggests simply.
They study hard while high.
They try Silas s plan.
It does not pan out.
They end up failing almost all.
Desperate to stay  they try Jamal s plan.
It proves fruitless  as well.
Meanwhile  Gerald   sees Ivory of his binges  and  at Ivory s behest  returns the remnants of the Ivory plant to Jamal and Silas.
Who has morphed.
However   Jamal and Silas continue to fail their classes.
Very little remains due.
Jamal and Silas resign themselves to give up.
However  Jeffrey reminds Silas.
He can successfully fix his truth serum experiment.
Silas ultimately does  having found a solution.
Which the last could be used to counteract nausea.
Nonetheless   Jamal and Silas do not receive an invitation to the Harvard Alumni party.
Dean Cain  clearly thrilled  tells Bart.
He does not have to worry showing up or staying in Harvard.
However  that changes.
When Jamie invites them  as her father is an alumnus.
Silas makes things a bit more interesting by testing out his truth serum experiment.
Proves successful.
She shocks everyone with her discovery  the artifacts turn out to be a bong.
Dean Cain is outraged.
The Chancellor decides.
He has had it and fires him.
Jamal and Silas are proud.
The serum worked  a celebration that was almost short-lived  as Dean Cain returns and unsuccessfully attempts to kill them both.
He is eventually apprehended.
Jamal and Silas are able to stay  Jamal and Jamie get approval of Jamie s father to date.
Lauren leaves Bart.
Bart could never satisfy her sexually.
<EOS>
Mickey was apparently trying to fly an airplane.
He did a flight simulation to ensure.
The flight failed  destroying the plane.
Using a roadster and remains  he asks Minnie to join him for its first flight.
She presents him.
They take an out-of-control flight.
An un-anthropomorphic cow briefly rides the aircraft.
This is Clarabelle Cow making her first appearance.
The cow is actually an early  more cowlike predecessor.
He repeatedly tries.
Mickey regains control.
He uses force  he breaks her concentration and terrifies her  catching her with the airplane.
When she refuses.
He uses this to kiss her.
Minnie then parachutes out.
Mickey loses control and eventually crashes into a tree.
Distracted. 
Minnie then lands.
Mickey laughs.
Minnie then storms off  rebuffing him.
Mickey then angrily throws the good luck horseshoe.
It boomerangs.
<EOS>
Price plays the titular mad scientist.
Who is working to use exploding female robots to disrupt a scheduled NATO war-game by blowing up the various generals involved in the exercise.
Fabian is the hero.
Who works to thwart the plot  when he is nt busy chasing women.
The film ends through the streets of Rome.
Goldfoot attempting to start World War 3 by dropping a nuclear bomb on Moscow.
<EOS>
A student dubbed.
He is embarrassed.
The Teddy Bear Master brings a group  then orders them to kill the teacher  Mr Clevenger.
A group battle the bears in an attempt to save Clevenger  but Clevenger and his wife ultimately come to a sticky end.
<EOS>
Emil  a precise  orderly older man  carries his happy new bride Eva.
She is greatly disappointed  he does not even come to bed.
She can not bear it any longer and runs back to her father  a horse breeder.
A divorce is issued.
One day  she takes her horse riding.
She goes.
Skinny dipping  leaving her clothes  only to have it wander off  attracted by another locked in a corral.
She chases all over the countryside.
The horse is finally caught.
Seeing this  she hides.
Where he finds her.
She is ashamed of her nudity.
Then she glares in defiance.
He gives her back her clothes.
She hurts her foot.
When she tries to leave.
She resists his efforts to help  then accedes.
That night  she can not stop thinking.
Finally  she goes.
They embrace and spend the night together.
Her pearl necklace is removed.
She forgets to take it the next morning.
She finds an unwelcome visitor  her.
When she returns home.
Who has been waiting all night.
He tries to reconcile.
She tells him.
It is too late.
He leaves.
He encounters his rival.
Driving away.
Adam guides him and asks for a ride into town.
He shows the necklace.
Emil recognizes.
Emil considers driving  but thinks better of it.
That night  he sits alone.
Several others are shown trapped.
Downstairs  Adam and Eva are dancing.
When Emil shoots himself.
Adam does not know.
She does not tell him.
The young couple had planned to take the train.
Adam falls asleep.
Waiting. 
A distraught Eva leaves without him.
A sad Adam returns.
Eva is shown happily holding a baby.
<EOS>
A plane-load are stranded in distant Ganganagar in rural India.
Their plane is unable to take off due.
The Airport Manager is S.
R.
Farha also goes missing then.
All this happens.
Who is asleep.
He is not to be disturbed.
The mysterious male turns out to be Farha s famous idol Shahrukh Khan   and makes sure.
Who persuades her to go back home.
Their parents approve it.
<EOS>
A newspaper shows Porky traveling to hunt the rare dodo bird  worth $.
Porky uses his airplane to go  and finally lands in Darkest Africa.
A sign tells him.
When Porky lands.
He s  while a scary voice booms out IT CAN HAPPEN  HERE.
Suddenly  the last dodo appears.
Porky tries to catch the dodo.
The dodo plays tricks.
The dodo appears on the Warner Brothers shield and sling shots Porky into the ground.
Finally  Porky dresses  announcing himself to be the last dodo.
The dodo handcuffs himself  claiming.
I ve got the last Dodo.
Porky  and still handcuffed  runs off with him  now proclaiming  Oh  no  you have nt.
Reveals himself.
<EOS>
H6 tells the story  a serial killer set free after serving 25 years in jail for the violent murder of his girlfriend.
He never knew  he sees this as a signal and takes to his holy task of relieving the grief of those.
Who have lost the will to live.
He takes his victims in the motel.
Where he ` purifies  them.
Continues his everyday life next to his wife.
A mistake leads.
His plan to become rich and famous takes relevance.
<EOS>
The plot features a series.
Each vignette is introduced.
Had sex in the previous segment.
The movie opens.
Who hangs.
Lolita wanders around in the streets of Los Angeles.
Her friend is forcibly dragged off.
Then she ends up performing a sexual favor.
Who ends up knocking her unconscious.
The man  a young African American named Angel  is engaged.
He later ends up trying to flee Los Angeles.
He makes a major mistake.
He takes Julie  a young waitress.
Julie rethinks her plans to escape.
They have sex while driving through a car wash.
She runs out.
She notices that a car filled has been shadowing them.
Angel is killed.
Sometime later  Julie is working.
She waits.
Who ends up sexually assaulting her.
Richard has a tryst with Kathy  his boss s wife.
Kathy has a non-exclusive relationship.
Who has a girlfriend.
Bobby is sexually propositioned.
Who is the closeted Blaine s boyfriend.
The last vignette features a grief-stricken Blaine seeking sexual favors and companionship.
Who is still sporting a bruise.
<EOS>
Chevy Chase plays a private investigator and is killed.
Who is called.
The afterlife has not decided  so he is given the chance to return as a dog.
He is destined.
Order to solve the case and earn his way.
<EOS>
The cartoon opens.
His entrance is interrupted.
Who slams the door.
Jerry then comes.
Him to pick up his tennis equipment.
Jerry hands Tom his racquet and a tennis ball.
A match begins.
Tom dismisses Jerry by hitting him into the locker room wall.
He ends up landing.
Jerry s mad.
Tom serves the ball.
Butch returns it.
It causes Tom s racket into flame.
When it grazes the handle.
Tom grabs another racket and serves three balls.
Butch then splits his racket and returns all three balls back into Tom s mouth.
They settle.
Tom s next serve resembles.
He pulls the net to force a drop shot.
Butch then hits the ball hard.
Tom has to stretch his arm all the way to make the return.
Butch is then shown making many returns.
The ball is actually bouncing off Tom s face.
The ball eventually bounces back.
Butch hits it  causing it to buzz in the air.
Tom tries to chase  but ends up running into the post of the net and wrapping himself in the net.
Jerry now gets by playing the cats against each other.
He hands Tom a small white bomb.
Looks so as to blow up Butch.
Jerry winks winks back.
Tom lights the bomb and serves it.
Butch is about to return the bomb.
It explodes.
Before he makes contact  making him look like a blackfaced ballet dancer.
Jerry then removes a round  white piece.
Resembles a tennis ball.
It is heavy enough to cause Butch to be pulled.
When he grabs it.
Jerry winks.
Who winks back and swings the racket  allowing the force.
The overconfident Tom gets hit into pieces.
Jerry starts to laugh and then he ducks out of the way.
Tom is trying to hit him.
Jerry ends up swallowing one.
He gets used.
Jerry lands up walking on the net like a tightrope and then wobbles onto Butch s head.
Tom swings  hitting Butch instead and then throwing him.
Butch is about to hit Tom but he sees Jerry running away.
He hits a tennis ball.
Jerry grabs a tennis racquet and starts rallying.
Tom gets involved.
When a ball gets stuck.
Butch runs to return the next shot by Jerry.
Jerry has to move the sideline.
A ball hits the net and drops over.
Tom tries to get involved again.
Butch stops him.
The rally continues.
Butch runs back and forth next to him.
Jerry then hits a really high ball and both cats run with an attempt to hit the ball.
They crash and become a pair of conjoined cats.
They separate and realize.
They need to work together.
They run.
He runs  activating it at its highest speed.
The huge force hits the cats  pushing them into the net  then through it all the way into a tree thousands of feet away.
They can dodge them.
Where they get tangled  acting like marionettes.
Jerry is then shown putting.
He writes his name.
He then stands and waves and accepts his championship cup.
<EOS>
Wealthy Rajiv Sinha and middle class Amar Saxena are childhood friends.
Coincidentally they fall with the same girl Seema.
Rajiv somehow persuades Amar to sapna a girl being brought up badly  Amar is adamant.
He marries Sapna.
But soon he comes to know.
It was Rajiv s way.
They become bitter enemies.
Soon Rajiv is charged.
Amar  decides to teach Rajiv a lesson.
Who is now a Lawyer.
<EOS>
The film details the events surrounding the death.
It follows the ensuing investigation and the people in it  such as Binion s sister Becky  his girlfriend Sandy Murphy  and Sandy s lover Rick Tabish.
<EOS>
The film is the equivalent.
The doc interviews many modern-day directors.
They illustrate their best work and the scenes from films.
Influenced them to pursue their art.
Many known cinematographers are interviewed.
They discuss their craft and pay homage.
The practitioners also explain the origins in cinema history.
<EOS>
The film begins.
Bush recover.
Which he reiterates his commitment to help the city.
He contends.
The company had no experience  had failed to come up with a plan  and had only been awarded the contract because it was a major contributor to Republican Party funds.
Dr Ivor Van Heerden supports some of the claims.
Palast visits the London Avenue Canal levee to show the results of the levees breaking.
Dr Van Heerden reveals.
The levees were deliberately constructed.
The Bush administration had been warned.
Furthermore the Federal Emergency Management Agency and the White House knew.
They failed to warn anybody.
Palast travels.
Where 73000 families that fled Hurricane Katrina continue to live locked.
Back  he reveals.
Residents face official harassment.
Who try to return.
The storm is used to reclaim valuable real estate.
Palast s final revelation is.
The private consulting firm contracted to analyse what went wrong with the response to Hurricane Katrina is IEM.
<EOS>
Sacha and Laura   are visited from Paris -- Simon  Michel  and Paul.
Who have been living near the Syrian border for two years.
Who have come to celebrate Laura s twentieth birthday.
One is obsessed by the death of the girl.
He loved.
He tries to find amongst his friends someone to blame for his love s death.
Laura is the only one.
Who knows that the young girl died.
She also loved Sacha.
The film ends.
War is declared.
<EOS>
A college student discovers.
Her dorm was once a notorious asylum.
<EOS>
Four engineers -- Aaron  Abe  Robert  and Phillip --  run a side business.
Who work during the day.
They fund pet science projects.
They hope will yield applications sufficient to attract VC attention.
The group should tackle next.
It has a side effect  a timepiece left shows.
The device seems to work as planned.
The watch has experienced about 1300 times the amount the device was activated for.
Abe reasons.
They have created a time machine.
Abe secretly builds a prototype machine large enough to hold a person and  after traveling back to earlier that day  details the results to Aaron.
Abe and Aaron build an additional machine and decide to cut Robert and Phillip out  under the false pretense.
The garage has to be fumigated.
Abe and Aaron start using the time machines to make money  but as their understanding of  they become more adventurous with their trips.
The machines work evolves.
Their experimentation is cut short.
Whose financial backing the group had been trying to procure.
Granger s trip appears to have made him comatose.
Neither understand.
Granger could have discovered the box.
Abe is particularly disturbed and concludes.
Time travel is too dangerous to continue.
He attempts to prevent his past self  by using a failsafe machine.
He previously built  to travel back to a point prior to his first trip through time and also prior to his broaching the subject of time travel with Aaron.
Having traveled back four days using this failsafe point  Abe goes to meet Aaron and collapses.
Aaron reveals.
Unbeknownst  Aaron had discovered this failsafe box and used it to get control.
Aaron brought back another box  creating a false failsafe point to make  and preventing Abe.
Abe believe that there was still a working failsafe machine awaiting him.
Aaron then reveals.
He has been using a recording to recite their conversation.
He continues to explain.
He encountered  fought  and was subdued.
But Aaron convinced his earlier self.
Since he has the recordings already made that he should continue to act.
The earlier Aaron leaves  leaving the later Aaron.
Which a crasher attempted to shoot Rachel Granger so Aaron can become a hero.
Abe agrees to try to change the events with Aaron and the two succeed.
It is unclear how many iterations it has taken.
Their deceptions and their differing views unfortunately have destroyed their friendship.
Aaron accuses Abe.
Abe warns Aaron never to return or interfere.
The earlier Aaron speaks.
Who came back to make the recordings.
Which Aaron states he owes a debt.
One and a team of French-speaking workers begin construction on.
What appears to be a building-sized box.
<EOS>
The story is set  the main storyline revolves around two friends.
Who move.
One meets a seemingly perfect woman.
Who   kills all the men who she sleeps with.
She is a succubus type demon.
Who seeks blood and vengeance.
The audience is first given a taste.
When she kills a local.
The main character  known   killed by her.
Questions are asked.
Joel falls and is.
However  the religious friend eventually kills the woman.
Go to visit Madam Sonia  a woman.
Then ends up getting possessed.
Then scares both Dougy and K  forcing them to run out.
Later on  Dougy and K go and ask the bar tender and then get out of there.
Who is outside emptying the rubbish in the trash bins to put holy water into the temptress s drink since she was the only one in the bar.
She begins to cough violently and collapses  making Dougy And K take the moment and try to kill the temptress using a blade  but end up failing.
The temptress drinks the holy water.
The temptress uses her magic to make the blade go the other way round.
Then  one die.
Later on   she kisses him but then Joel faints and wakes up.
When Joel goes  not knowing what evil he was dealing with.
He knows.
Something is very wrong when his deceased father strangles him.
It s the temptress.
Then suddenly Joel s grandmother comes and tries to hit the temptress  distracting her long enough to get up and use his cross and kill the temptress.
However  the twist reveals.
One has survived the woman s wrath and is now a vampire  instead a male version.
This transformation is made clear through his saying You should use a cigarette lighter next time.
The flame lasts longer -- the saying the female vampire used to say.
Freddie Jackson and Melba Moore have cameo appearances.
<EOS>
A deserter finds.
Himself mistakenly wanted  and is forced to go on the run while attempting to prove his innocence.
<EOS>
Daniel Eugene Rudy Ruettiger grows up  Illinois dreaming of playing college football at the University of Notre Dame.
He lacks the grades and money necessary to attend Notre Dame  as well as talent and physical stature.
He is achieving some success.
Ruettiger takes a job.
Dame fan.
Who is also a Notre.
He prepares to settle down.
Rudy decides to follow his dream.
When his best friend Pete is killed.
He perseveres to do everything.
He can to get.
He leaves  but fails to get admitted to Notre Dame.
Rudy starts at a small junior college nearby named Holy Cross  hoping to get good enough grades to qualify for a transfer.
He also manages to get a part-time job  a graduate student at Notre Dame and a teaching assistant at his junior college.
The socially-awkward D-Bob offers.
He helps him meet girls.
Suspecting an underlying cause  D-Bob has Rudy tested.
Rudy learns.
He has dyslexia.
Rudy learns and becomes a better student.
To overcome his disability.
Rudy returns home to his family s appreciation of his report card  but is still mocked for his attempts at playing football and also dumped by his fiance.
Who starts seeing one.
Rudy is finally admitted to Notre Dame during his final semester of transfer eligibility.
He rushes home to tell his family.
His father announces the news.
Ruettiger convinces coach Ara Parseghian to give him a spot on the practice squad.
An assistant coach warns the players.
35 scholarship players wo nt make the dress roster.
Coach Parseghian agrees.
His family and friends can see him.
However  Parseghian steps down.
Dan Devine succeeds him and honors Parseghian s promise only after a player protest.
Led  the other seniors rise to his defense and lay their jerseys on Devine s desk  each requesting.
Rudy be allowed to dress.
Devine lets.
Ruettiger appear  against Georgia Tech.
Steele invites Ruettiger to lead the team out of the tunnel onto the playing field.
Notre Dame is ahead  Devine sends all the seniors  but refuses to let Rudy play  despite the pleas from Steele and the assistant coaches.
.
Devine finally lets Rudy enter the field.
He stays  is carried off the field on the shoulders of his teammates.
<EOS>
Billy Hayes returns to his hometown.
He wants to get back together and take her back to America in hopes of opening up a gas station.
But everything is nt going Billy s way - the townspeople are nt happy to see him.
His ex-girlfriend is engaged and pregnant.
Then  Billy runs.
Who are planning a scam.
<EOS>
Alice offends her would-be lover William.
Upset  she falls asleep reading Alice.
The white rabbit appears in a dream and takes her into a sexual wonderland.
The story loosely follows Carroll s original plot  and includes many.
<EOS>
Kazakh television personality Borat Sagdiyev leaves Kazakhstan to make a documentary at the behest of the Kazakh Ministry of Information.
He leaves.
Borat sees an episode of Baywatch on television and immediately falls in love with Pamela Anderson.
He learns her name and her residence.
Interviewing and mocking a panel.
Borat is then informed.
His wife has been killed.
Delighted  he secretly resolves to make Anderson his new wife  Azamat is told.
They are going because Pearl Harbor is there.
So is Texas.
Azamat is afraid.
2001 attacks  which he believes were the work of Jews.
Borat  therefore  takes driving lessons and buys a dilapidated ice-cream truck.
Borat acquires a Baywatch booklet at a yard sale and continues gathering footage for his documentary.
He meets gay pride parade participants  politicians Alan Keyes and Bob Barr  and African American youths.
Borat is also interviewed and disrupts the weather report.
Visiting a rodeo  Borat excites the crowd  but then sings a fictional Kazakhstani national anthem to the tune of The Star-Spangled Banner  receiving a strong negative reaction.
Staying  Borat and his producer are stunned to learn.
Their hosts are Jewish.
Fearful.
They are their Jewish hosts.
Borat attempts to buy a handgun to defend himself.
Azamat advises a return.
Borat purchases a bear.
When told he can not buy a gun because he is not an American citizen.
Borat seeks advice.
Who suggests that Borat attends a private dinner kicked out after he lets Luenell  an African-American prostitute  into the house and shows her to the table.
Borat befriends Luenell.
She invites him  but he kindly tells her.
He is.
Borat then visits an antique shop  breaking glass and crockery.
The journey is interrupted.
When Borat   exits the bathroom of his hotel room and sees Azamat masturbating over a picture of Pamela Anderson in the Baywatch book.
Borat becomes enraged and reveals his real motive.
Azamat becomes livid.
The situation escalates.
Spills out.
The two are finally separated.
Azamat abandons Borat  taking his passport  all of their money  and their bear.
Whose head is later seen.
Borat begins to hitchhike  but is soon picked up by drunken fraternity brothers from the University of South Carolina.
They show him the Pam and Tommy sex video  revealing.
She is not the virgin he thought she was.
Borat becomes despondent  burning the Baywatch booklet and  by mistake  his return ticket to Kazakhstan.
He regains his faith.
Which Republican U.
S.
Representative Chip Pickering and Mississippi Supreme Court Chief Justice James W.
Smith  Jr.
Are present.
Borat learns to forgive Azamat and Pamela.
He accompanies church members and disembarks to find Azamat dressed as Oliver Hardy.
The two reconcile and Azamat tells Borat.
Where to find Pamela Anderson.
Borat finally comes face-to-face at a book signing at a Virgin Megastore.
Borat pursues her throughout the store in an attempt to abduct her.
He is tackled and handcuffed.
Afterwards  Borat marries Luenell  and returns to Kazakhstan.
The final scene shows the changes.
Borat s observations have brought to his village  including the apparent conversion of the people to Christianity and the introduction of computer-based technology  such as iPods  laptop computers and a high-definition  LCD television.
The film plays out.
The visual melange are mixed with the real flag of Kazakhstan and  incongruously  the final frames show the portrait of Ilham Aliyev  real life president of Azerbaijan  a country.
Had not been otherwise referenced.
<EOS>
Beautiful bloodsucker Countess Nadine Oskudar lures unwary victims with her seductive nightclub act and sets her sights on silky blonde Linda  initiating her into the realm of love beyond the grave.
Linda wanders the beach in a daze and falls under the care of Dr Seward.
Who s intent.
<EOS>
IG is an action movie.
Suresh Gopi dons the role.
G.
Durga Prasad.
He was the head.
He took into custody a gang of criminals.
Who involved.
Chief Minister called a meeting to ascertain the source.
Actually the money was intended.
Knowing the serious situation  Chief Minister ordered to form an Anti Terrorists Squad.
I.
G.
Durga Prasad was the leader.
Once he had to report the developments to the CM.
It was.
An allegation came out that I.
G was harassing some fellows.
Who were suspected to be encouraging the terrorists.
Many persons itself were against him.
Even he did not give up the enquiry.
He tried his level best to put an end.
Finally he finds.
His own brother was one.
He kills his brother and puts an end to the terrorist rampage in Kerala.
He is honoured.
<EOS>
A mentally impaired man vows to deliver justice and joins a martial arts school.
When a smuggler kills his sister.
He trains hard  honing his fighting skills.
There to become a master fighter.
Taking  he sets off for revenge.
A beautiful woman soon puts a hitch.
Manorama  Silk Smitha and Jaishankar also star.
<EOS>
The movie is about two kings vying.
The two kings  Ranjit and Sohan share a passion and decide to play a game of craps to determine.
Who will marry Sunita.
Sunita wishes to marry Ranjit.
Ranjit loses the game and as a forfeit becomes his slave.
Sunita soon uncovers the truth.
To escape punishment he hurls himself off a cliff.
Ranjit and Sunita are reunited and married.
<EOS>
John Steele is a Vietnam Vet.
Who s had trouble adjusting after the war.
He has nt been able to hold on.
Includes being a cop.
He was investigating.
When his best friend  Lee who also served in Vietnam  and who also became a cop was killed by some drug dealers.
Steele was able to save his daughter and saw one.
He later sees him and learns.
He is the son  and who tried to kill Steele.
Lee but Steele not only survived but thwarted his last plan.
Steele suspects but unfortunately Kwan s a respected member.
Kwan is involved.
And Steele s former boss is not true.
Bennett is not.
Steele sets out to prove Lee s innocence and to get Kwan.
<EOS>
Irena Gallier meets her older brother Paul  a minister.
It is the first time.
They have met since their animal trainer-parents died.
Irena was sent.
Paul s Creole housekeeper Female helps Irena settle.
Paul himself disappears.
That same night  a prostitute  Ruthie  walks to meet a john -- and is instead mauled by a black leopard  but survives the attack.
The police capture the leopard  aided  Oliver Yates  Alice Perrin and Joe Creigh.
The next day  Irena finds herself.
Where these scientists work.
Drawn  she befriends Oliver and takes a job in the gift shop nearby.
Shortly afterward  the leopard kills Joe.
It escapes.
Soon  Paul turns up and tells Irena.
He also tells her.
Their parents were actually brother and sister.
Only sex prevents the transformation  the werecats are ancestrally incestuous.
It transforms.
A werecat has sex.
The werecat regain human form.
Irena takes refuge in a sexually-frustrated romance with Oliver  afraid of.
Though he is her only possible companion.
What might happen if she consummates their passion.
Eventually  Paul breaks.
He can have Irena.
Oliver finds a human body inside and the panther disintegrates  Paul has literally disappeared.
Performing a necropsy.
Irena is now trapped.
She will have to kill to regain human form.
She takes a human lover.
Eventually  Irena makes love  transforms into a leopard and flees  sparing Oliver s life.
She escapes  but is later trapped by police.
Irena sees him and jumps off the bridge and escapes.
After Oliver arrives.
Oliver realizes.
Where she is headed and confronts Irena  she having regained human form by killing the house s caretaker.
Irena tells Oliver.
She did not kill him because she loves him  and begs him to let her be.
Oliver realizes  so he ties Irena s arms and legs to make love to her  knowing.
He can not live.
What she will become.
We later see Oliver.
He and Alice are romantically involved.
He walks.
Contains a black leopard  casually hand-feeding it and stroking its fur.
It is implied to avoid hurting Oliver or anyone else.
This is Irena  now resigned to permanently living.
<EOS>
The episode is set in.
It begins.
Who decide to make their big break.
Cavis believes.
Millward is content to see their work featured.
They can make a difference by staging a grand musical that will move the citizens to greater expressions of love.
Their opportunity arises.
When Millward s Uncle Nezzer grants them the use.
They plan.
The huge production called The Princess and the Plumber.
Unfortunately  the script is not yet complete.
The premiere is only three days away.
Seymour Schwenk  their friend and an inventor  shows up and delivers a box of light bulbs to them.
Cavis maintains.
If their production is glitzy and bright then it will be a bigger hit and reach more people.
He plans to integrate the lights directly.
However  they still have much work to do.
They need to convince the city s premiere talent  Constance Effie Pickering  to star.
They need to get a commitment to attend the premier.
Millward struggles to complete the script.
Cavis and his assistant Bob Winston work.
Everything comes together.
Cavis starts feeling confident.
Their production will be a huge success.
The Prince tells Pickering water.
Her pipes are corroded they.
Ca nt drain.
Her toilet exploded  she s flushing.
Cavis goes to investigate.
He observes Edmund Gilbert preparing a low-budget children s play  and concludes.
It poses no threat.
However  the pageant intends to feature an object called the Star.
Wondering aloud  Cavis is overheard by Arthur McHollingshead.
He leaves the church.
Arthur  a historian  reveals.
The Star is an ancient relic that has not been seen by the public in 79 years.
He rushes off to report the news.
Promptly makes the front page headline the following morning.
Faced  Cavis vows to make their own production greater and flashier.
But they ca nt compete.
Cavis and Millward go to the church to steal the Star.
They are caught  however  and narrowly escape the Destroyer.
Who was left to guard the relic.
Cavis is certain.
The Princess and the Plumber is now a guaranteed success.
But  the excessive amount of lights ignite the curtains.
The theater goes up in flames and with it the Star of Christmas.
An officer named.
They stand and rue this terrible turn.
Dwiglight Howarde arrives.
Cavis and Millward are arrested.
They meet a prisoner  Charles Pincher.
Who laughs.
He claims.
Real love does not expect fame or wealth  that real love makes sacrifices to help others without expectation of personal gain.
That kind  he says  is extremely rare.
Edmond and his father  Jesse  arrive.
If. 
They have chosen not to press charges.
Cavis is moved.
He expresses his desire to attend the pageant.
But the pageant starts and there is not enough time to get there.
Just then Seymour shows up.
He entrusts Millward to drive the vehicle and try to get them.
It s a harrowing ride fraught.
They do arrive.
As the pageant is about to start to crash.
The pageant goes in attendance.
Cavis finally learns  he understands.
Christmas is not.
It is.
Moyer shows up and says.
The real Star is actually safe  and that they actually took the Turtle of Damascus  which most people consider a hoax.
The episode ends performing a selfless act at last  they bring cookies and a gift to Charles Pincher in his jail cell  Cavis says  smiling warmly  Merry Christmas Mr Pincher.
<EOS>
The film focusses.
Following her marriage.
Who has just bought a 1 million acre cattle station  called Elsey Station.
Some were unhappy at first.
They believed that the bush is no place.
They were both wary of her and made fun of her.
When both her and her husband arrived.
However  Jeannie was determined to prove them wrong.
Jeannie begins making friends.
Her husband was away herding the cattle.
Her husband and the other white men treated the local people as inferior  often regarding them as lazy  indifferent  and unreliable.
Jeannie however is sympathetic  often giving them food  or trying to stop domestic disputes.
Later  Aeneas goes  and asks Jeannie to come along.
She does gladly.
However the trip is difficult  riding.
She is nearly attacked.
However   things improve - the house is expanded  a new Chinese cook arrives  a garden is planted.
Time passes.
Her belongings finally arrive.
But boredom sets in.
She assumes her place - that.
She is asked not to help a feverish yet dying man  or to interfere  or to give the Aboriginal people goods meant for the working men.
She spends more time with the locals.
She longs to learn and understand more.
Jeannie even takes.
A semi-orphaned mixed-heritage child called Bett-Bett  much to the dismay of her husband.
Jeannie gains the respect of the Aboriginal people.
They slowly open up.
Goggle Eye  an elder Aboriginal male  allows her to watch an Aboriginal dance.
The stockmen however interrupt the heathen dance  shooting and shouting God.
Later  Bett-Bett goes.
Goggle Eye becomes ill and feverish  believing.
He has been affected  and passes away.
The stockmen feel some mixed remorse  acknowledging their role.
Soon it is Christmas.
The Aboriginal people are treated a little better.
What happened.
Many of the provisions are given away.
A large traditional Christmas meal is prepared.
It is here.
Aeneas announces his intention   to stay on at the station.
Aeneas also becomes feverish and dies  leaving her alone.
When Jeannie thinks she is accustomed.
However  Bett-Bett returns  and asks to stay with her in the house.
<EOS>
Sura Babu lives.
Parbati loves.
Parbati falls ill.
Raju comes believing and brings prasad.
Lord Jaganath s prasad can cure Parbati.
The illness continues.
Native doctor Das is called.
Parbati gradually cured.
Later Parbati s mother and sister Champa come to stay.
Parbati s mother is not well disposed and tries to influence Parbati against him.
Her efforts fail.
Champa take side.
Dr Das s assistant Mukund and doctor Rabi  a new comer compete for Champa s hand.
Dr Das makes the proposal.
Sura agrees.
Doctor Das himself wants to marry Champa.
Mukund decided.
He is not suitable.
Sura Babu forces Dr Das to marry Champa.
Raju is found in bridal attire.
Mukund comes forward and explain.
Champa is.
The marriage is celebrated.
<EOS>
Basil is a half-English half-Greek writer.
Who has been raised and bears all the hallmarks of an uptight  middle-class Englishman.
He is waiting day.
When he meets a gruff  yet enthusiastic peasant and musician named Zorba.
Basil explains  with the intention of opening up a lignite mine and perhaps curing his writer s block.
He is traveling where his father owns some land.
Zorba relates his experience and convinces Basil to take him along.
They take a car.
When they arrive.
Where they are greeted enthusiastically.
They stay.
The ever audacious Zorba tries to persuade Basil  but  Zorba instead seizes the opportunity.
When he is reluctant.
They form a relationship.
Basil and Zorba attempt to work the old lignite mine  but find it too unsafe and shut it down.
Zorba then has an idea to use the forest opposite  however the land is owned by the powerful monastery of the village  so Zorba goes over there and befriends the monks by getting them drunk.
Afterwards  he comes home and begins to dance in a way.
Mesmerizes Basil.
Meanwhile  Basil and Zorba get their first introduction.
Who is incessantly teased for not remarrying.
Who is madly  but whom she has spurned repeatedly.
One rainy afternoon  Basil offers her his umbrella.
She reluctantly takes.
Zorba suggests.
She is attracted.
Basil  ever shy  denies this and refuses to pursue the widow.
Basil hands Zorba some money.
He sends him off  where Zorba is to buy cable and other supplies for the implementation of his grand plan.
Zorba says goodbye.
Who is madly.
Zorba entertains himself and strikes up a brief romance with a much younger dancer.
He details his exploits and indicates.
He has found love.
Angered  Basil untruthfully tells Madame Hortense.
Zorba has declared his love and intends to marry her upon his return.
Which she is ecstatic.
Meanwhile  the Widow returns Basil s umbrella.
He is surprised and angered to hear to Madame Hortense.
When Zorba eventually returns.
He also asks Basil.
That night  Basil had finally gone  made love to her and spent the night.
The brief encounter comes.
A villager catches sight.
Word spreads.
The young  local boy who is is taunted mercilessly about it.
The next morning  the villagers find his body.
Where he has drowned himself out.
The boy s father holds a funeral.
All the villagers attend.
The widow attempts to come inconspicuously  but is blocked.
She is eventually trapped.
Where she is beaten.
Who hold her responsible.
Basil  meek and fearful  tells Mimithos to quickly fetch Zorba.
Zorba arrives.
As a villager  a friend  tries to pull a knife and kill the widow.
Zorba overpowers the much younger man and disarms him.
Thinking  Zorba asks the Widow to follow him and turns his back.
The situation is now.
The dead boy s father pulls his knife and cuts the widow s throat.
She dies instantly.
The villagers shuffle away apathetically  whisking the father away.
Only Basil  Zorba and Mimithos show any emotion.
Basil proclaims his inability to intervene.
Whereupon Zorba laments the futility.
Basil and Zorba come home and find Madame Hortense waiting for them.
She expresses anger for making no progress on the wedding.
Zorba conjures up a story.
He has ordered a white satin wedding dresses  lined and adorned with real gold.
Madame Hortense pulls out two golden rings and proposes their immediate engagement.
She had made.
Zorba tries to delay  but eventually agrees and goes along  to Basil s surprise.
A while later  Madame Hortense  is seen.
Who apparently has contracted pneumonia.
Zorba stays.
Meanwhile  word gets round.
The foreigner is dying  and that since she has no heirs  the State will take all her possessions and money.
The desperately poor villagers crowd around her hotel  impatiently waiting.
They can steal her belongings.
Two old ladies enter her room and gaze expectantly  hoping to get first hands on all her belongings.
Other women try to enter and raid her belongings.
Zorba can fight them off.
The women re-enter Madame Hortense s bedroom to steal her most valued belongings.
Zorba leaves.
The hotel is ransacked and stripped bare.
The entire room is stripped bare apart in her birdcage.
When Zorba returns.
Zorba takes the birdcage.
Finally  Zorba s elaborate contraption to ferry timber down the hill is complete.
A festive ceremony is held.
All the villagers have turned out to see it.
Zorba gives the signal to start by firing a rifle in the air.
A log comes hurtling down the zip line  destroying the log itself and slightly damaging part of the contraption.
Zorba remains unconcerned and gives orders.
This one also speeds down and shoots straight.
The villagers and priests have become fearful and run for cover.
Zorba remains unfazed and orders a third log.
Accelerates down that it dislodges the entire contraption  destroying everything the men had worked for.
The villagers flee  leaving only Basil and Zorba behind.
Basil and Zorba sit.
Zorba pretends to tell the future  saying.
He foresees a great journey.
He then asks Basil directly.
When he plans to leave.
Basil replies.
He will leave.
Zorba declares his sadness and tells Basil.
He is missing madness.
Basil asks Zorba to teach him.
To dance.
Zorba teaches him the sirtaki.
Basil begins to laugh hysterically.
The story ends.
<EOS>
Rob and Pia  a couple lost and end up on a desolate island.
Who are out become.
They come.
There is a large amount.
Suggests the homeowners may not welcome their presence.
There is also no telephone or means to the outside world.
But  Rob and Pia realize a fear far.
When the deranged  redneck owners  Brett  Jimmy  and their even more terrifying father Poppy return.
They have ever known  and resentful  the monstrously sadistic hillbillies imprison and enslave the couple  who fearing for their lives  submit to appalling degradation and humiliation.
They finally understand.
When Rob and Pia learn their kidnappers have no intention.
They must do whatever it takes just to survive  and whatever it takes means going.
<EOS>
The Little Man and his Little dog are out camping one night  unaware.
The Pink Panther is sleeping just above them.
The panther can not sleep  so he cuts loose the man s hammock with a knife  sending him flying straight to the river.
He grips the knife.
When the dog hears the man s scream.
Seeing this  the man blames the dog.
What has happened.
Later  the panther attaches the little man s hammock  and sends the tent with the man in it floating down the river towards a waterfall.
<EOS>
Gaylord Myron Greg Focker and his fiancee Pam Byrnes decide to introduce their parents.
They first fly to pick up Pam s father  retired CIA operative Jack Byrnes  her mother Dina and one-year-old nephew Little Jack.
But  Jack decides to drive the family to Miami to meet the Fockers in his new RV.
They are greeted.
They arrive.
Who is a sex therapist.
Worried  Greg convinces Roz to pretend.
Jack may be put off.
She is a yoga instructor.
Small cracks begin to form  due to their contrasting personalities.
Jack and Bernie get off.
Things are made worse.
When a chase  Jinx  culminates with Jinx flushing Moses down the RV s toilet  forcing Bernie to destroy it to save Moses  and later on when Bernie accidentally injures Jack s back during a game of football.
Pam  meanwhile  informs Greg.
She is pregnant.
The two decide to keep it a secret.
Who does not know they are having sex.
Jack  however  becomes suspicious.
When they are introduced.
Jack later takes the RV to fix the toilet  but is disturbed by Jorge s striking resemblance to Greg and begins to suspect.
He may be Greg s son.
Meanwhile  Roz  Bernie and Dina realise.
Pam is pregnant  but promise not to tell Jack.
Growing envious and Roz s active sex life  Dina consults Roz on sex tips.
Order to seduce Jack.
None work.
Things eventually come.
When Greg is left alone to babysit Little Jack  who Jack has been raising.
Greg can not bear to listen to Little Jack s cries and tends to the boy to cheer him up  turning the television on  acting funny and inadvertently teaching Little Jack to say asshole.
A brief phone call is long enough for Little Jack to wander out of his pen  put on Scarface and glue his hands to a rum bottle.
Jack reverts to his old ways and sends Greg and Jorge s hair samples for a DNA test.
Inviting Jorge in hopes of getting Greg to admit he is Jorge s father.
Jack introduces Greg to Jorge  and later  Jack injects him with a truth serum to make him talk.
When Greg refuses to admit Jorge is his son.
Greg blurts out.
Pam is pregnant and that Jorge is indeed his son.
Another argument ensues and Dina admits.
When the others realise Jack s actions the next day.
They all knew Pam was pregnant and deliberately did nt tell him.
Shocked and hurt  Jack leaves with his grandson.
Bernie and Greg give pursuit  but are arrested for speeding.
Jack returns to defend them.
Greg is not Jorge s father.
The overeager LeFlore arrests him as well.
Greg  Jack and Bernie make up and are released by the local judge  Ira.
Who is a student.
Greg and Pam are married that weekend.
Greg then pretends to only just discover the camera but  you realise.
Greg knew all along.
None he said.
Were true.
<EOS>
Time  Bill Firpo  a straight-laced New York restaurant manager  gets an unpleasant Christmas gift.
His brothers Dave and Alvin are paroled early due and placed in Bill s custody.
Dave and Alvin ask their brother to take them to do a favor for a fellow inmate of theirs.
Bill refuses  his brothers are not allowed out of New York State and two  he knows Dave s pathological tendencies.
He only agrees.
After getting tied their brothers made via his dropped wallet.
Bill feels the urge to rob it.
When they discover Paradise s bank is light.
He had a gun.
Fortunately  there are guns.
Dave and Alvin borrowed.
Bill and Dave storm the bank.
The wife tells them.
The president  Mr Clifford Anderson   is having lunch nearby.
Who has the key.
Alvin and Bill charge.
Dave stays.
They order all customers to come to the bank.
That no one calls the police when they go.
Mr Anderson opens the safe s door and Bill checks.
He steps.
Gets the money  but while getting out  he touches the sensors via one of the money bags.
Bill and Dave rush out.
Get away  stealing $.
Alvin   gets.
Trying to get out.
Who s driving.
Them lost.
A police car turns.
They try to evade getting caught.
It drifts and gets wrecked.
The Infiniti has no snow chains.
The police officer does not see them crash and drives.
Another car stops and offers them a ride.
The man takes them to his relatives to stay over for Christmas.
They find out it is the house of the bank president Mr Anderson.
However  the relatives do nt recognize them.
They were covering their faces while robbing the bank.
Vic Mazzucci  the inmate  gets enraged.
Who gave Dave and Alvin the tip.
They robbed the bank and gets out.
He and his henchman  Caesar  takes their mother  Edna hostage and threatens to kill her.
They give him the stolen money.
Bill gets bus tickets.
The FBI asks him to open the bag.
Getting out.
He is carrying.
The bag is grabbed.
Clovis Minor  two inept shopkeepers  made deputies.
Bill tricks the FBI and gets away with his bag.
However  they miss their bus.
They then try to get away.
The boat is headed.
Alvin falls.
The town people pull Alvin out and rescue him through CPR.
Alvin steals a horse carriage.
The police chase the carriage.
The police cars were unable to continue the chase.
They drive.
They ditch the horse carriage and decide to hitchhike.
However  the horse  Merlin  gets pulled.
There Bill and Alvin decide to return the money.
Dave refuses  knowing that their mother would be killed if they do so.
Alvin  then  reveals.
He is not wanted and that he s had his brother s wallet  all along.
Upset  Bill leaves his two brothers  then heads off to return the money and asks strangers to Paradise.
He winds up getting a ride with Vic and Caesar.
Who are holding his mother hostage.
Bill shows them his mother s picture  whereupon Vic tries to shoot him.
He can get the money Bill has.
Bill jumps out and escapes  rescued by Dave  Alvin  and Merlin.
They try to get the money back but trigger the alarm through using the wrong safe door key.
They then give the money.
Trying to get away  Ed and Clovis   recognize them and want the money.
Who had sold the Firpoes the ski masks.
Ed and Clovis therefore go to the Anderson house.
Vic and Caesar are there.
Knock Ed out  then take Clovis and the Firpoes hostage  along.
The police sees the license plates and therefore order Vic and Caesar to come out with their hands held up.
They get attacked.
The inmates are busy figuring out what to do.
Who immobilizes Caesar and shoots Vic.
The police rush and take everyone to the office.
There  FBI agent Peyser tries to figure out.
The church pastor returns the money  they release them.
Bill stays to be with Sarah Collins  Vic s daughter and a tenant of the Andersons.
Alvin and Dave return to New York.
<EOS>
A rich novelist  Stephen Byrne   kills his attractive maid.
Who lives and works.
She begins screaming.
The writer   loads the body into an old sack.
The pair throws the body.
Unfortunately  the body comes back up and floats.
The police end up recovering it.
Byrne   realizes.
Who uses the woman s disappearance and killing.
His brother is the one who is going to be accused.
Meanwhile  he begins writing a book.
His wife and brother begin to fall  despite the fact.
He has become the prime suspect.
<EOS>
Van Horne  a bank robber dressed  is spared from a firing squad in 1922 in an unnamed Central America nation and sent to kill a local desperado.
The film marks the final screen appearance.
Whose health worsened as Alzheimer s disease took hold.
<EOS>
The economic stability is threatened.
When the local logging union calls a strike.
They refuse.
When independent logger Hank Stamper and his father Henry are urged to support the strikers.
The townspeople consider.
Them traitors.
Hank struggles to keep the small family business alive and consequently widens the rift and his complacent wife Viv.
Who wants him to put an end but is resigned to his doing things as he sees fit.
Also complicating matters is Leland Stamper  Henry s youngest son and Hank s.
Who returns home.
A heavy drinker  Lee eventually reveals.
He attempted suicide after his mother killed herself and has been suffering ever since.
He is uncomfortable living with a family  Lee joins forces with them.
He barely knows.
When they are forced to battle both the locals  who have burned their equipment  and the elements  which threaten their efforts to transport their logs downriver.
<EOS>
In the year 79AD  Lysias  a wealthy young Greek  abducts the beautiful Helene.
Who is a pupil.
Arbax causes Lysias to drink a magic potion to make him fall in love with his ally Julie.
Lysias becomes mad.
Nidia  a young slave girl rescued  has overheard the plot and accuses Arbax of trying to kill her master.
Arbax kills the girl and has Lysias accused.
Condemned  Lysias only escapes the punishment.
He leads Helene.
<EOS>
The film begins.
Where Lena  a Polish immigrant is working her shift.
Her colleague Birdie helps her to clean the toilets.
There. 
Lena talks.
Living alone.
Lena pulls out a mirror.
Her grandmother left her.
Birdie takes a shine.
They get some sandwiches.
Birdie introduces Lena.
Lena tells Birdie.
She does nt get on.
Birdie tells Lena.
Her family care  and that they work at the airport too.
Lena tries to get Elbie to talk.
He does nt respond.
Later  Birdie tells Lena.
They know who has a dirty sexual fetish.
She tells Lena.
People should nt leave things lying around if they do nt want them stolen.
Lena sees some scars.
She tells her but she is better now.
She used to have behavioural problems.
Afterwards  Lena misses her bus home.
Birdie invites her to stay  near the end of the runway.
They climb  and enter the house through the back door.
Lena discusses.
Difficult it is to keep with her family.
Birdie disappears up the stairs.
Lena decides to look to knock her out  and inject her with something.
She wakes up after hearing tortured screaming.
She gets mad.
Dad arrives.
Who tells Lena that when she gets mad  Dad gets excited.
They need to calm him down.
Dad spits  and then leaves the room.
Mum tells Lena.
As long as she is  Dad wo nt hurt her.
Lena is unable to speak.
Mum tells her not to try to talk.
She has had a little jab.
She gives Lena another injection.
Lena falls asleep.
She wakes up later  tied.
Mum tells her.
She wanted another girl to come and live there.
Mum then pierces Lena s skin and carves some marks into her back.
Mum takes Lena.
Who is masturbating.
He tells Lena.
When he finishes.
She abides by his rules.
He then grabs her  before sending her to bed  The next morning  Birdie cleans Lena s scars.
She shows her the scars.
She compares.
The family are watching pornography.
Birdie plays.
She then puts the MP3 player  and tells Mum.
She could nt get any more stuff because she was doing Lena s work.
Lena tries to escape.
Dad grabs her and tells Mum to control her children.
Elbie drags her.
Mum tells her not to go anywhere.
Birdie takes Lena  and tells her.
Elbie has nothing going on.
Mum arrives and tells Lena.
She is doing a good job.
Lena attempts to escape  but hears Dad watching her through the keyhole.
The next day  Lena sees.
Birdie has been hiding money and takes it from her pocket.
Dad accuses Birdie and shouts at her.
Mum sends her.
Where she cries.
Birdie tells him.
When Elbie arrives.
Lena is his replacement.
He shoves her.
She compares him.
Later  Lena massages Mum s feet.
She falls asleep.
He shouts and throws her to the floor.
The next morning  Lena greets Mum and tells her.
Her voice is back.
Birdie tries to convince Mum.
Lena is hiding things.
Mum shouts instead.
Mum attempts to give Lena a top up.
Lena tells her.
She wo nt scream.
Mum tells her it is much nicer.
When she plays along.
Lena does her chores and finds a mobile phone.
She hides.
Birdie phones the phone  and Mum finds it  and tells Lena.
She is very disappointed  before getting Elbie to hold her down.
She gives her a stronger dose.
Later  Lena is washing clothes.
When she hears a man outside.
She tries to get his attention.
She throws a human tooth out.
When that does nt work.
Dad sees it and blames the roof.
He rushes upstairs and drags Lena  before putting her inside a suitcase and making.
Elbie hit it.
The man enters the house   and suffocates him.
Where Mum is waiting.
Dad tells Lena.
The man has been chopped up.
He warned her.
The next day  Mum tells Dad.
She has a surprise  and makes them into sausages.
Birdie tells her about some new girls on dodgy visas.
Lena breaks into the torture room  and finds a staircase up to the attic.
Where she sees a mentally ill girl.
The girl wakes up and has a fit.
Lena calms her down.
The next morning  Birdie enters Lena s room and tells her it s Christmas.
She goes downstairs to find the man crucified  and the spastic in her chair.
Dad pours wine before spitting in her face.
She bites him  causing him to hit her.
They open their presents next  Birdie has been given some knives.
Elbie has been given some pornography.
Dad tells Lena.
He knows she has been visiting the spastic.
She is like.
He had to bite it off.
She is his real daughter  not.
He calls Lena a pet  and tells her a pet.
Is nt.
Mum ca nt bear to look and tells Dad.
She should nt even be there.
Mum gives Lena a dress.
They get her to try it on.
For Christmas dad buys mum a watch.
Mum feels bad.
She has nt bought dad anything and therefore whispers that he can have Lena for Christmas.
Dad arrives.
He is Mum.
Previous to Dad  Albie had taken pity on Lena and left Lena s handcuffs loose causing Lena to stab Dad with the weapon.
She stole.
She makes her way downstairs  followed.
Who collapses.
She stabs Mum  then Birdie attacks her.
Lena slams her and takes Dad s knife  stabbing her in the stomach.
She opens the back door.
Birdie attacks her again  and rushes outside.
She hits her.
She climbs  but falls and twists her ankle.
Mum and Dad rush out limping  bloodied and battered  chasing her.
Lena then falls and then Mum stabs her.
She took.
But Mum and Dad are too weak to kill her.
Lena fights them off  and stabs them both repeatedly back and forth.
Meanwhile  Elbie sets the spastic free  before strangling her.
He then walks out.
The next shot is.
Planes take off overhead.
<EOS>
Told  the film depicts the deceitful relationship between a master and his two servants.
The master s actions and behavior are very mysterious and secretive.
Causes his manservant to be suspicious.
The Master is seen doing such things  gathering eggs from the side of a cliff.
It is even implied.
He had an affair.
One day  the shocked manservant discovers.
The Master gathered to a huge boar  much to the Master s shame.
Sometime later  the Master is shown setting the pig off.
The Master sheds his clothing and jumps over the edge of the cliff  presumably to his death.
The two servants are seen tending to the Master s now vacant bedroom  and appear to be going their separate ways.
However  the manservant secretly follows the woman and watches aghast.
She begins walking the Master committed suicide on.
Is unclear.
What happens next.
The film ends   This all happened within of the city of Kiev in the town of Bucha.
I was the only witness.
- Andrey Svislotskiy.
<EOS>
Advocate Jayant a criminal lawyer believes.
A lawyer s duty is to do service alone and to bail him out of his trouble even if his client is in reality a criminal.
His close friend Amit is an honest police inspector but they are let off as using his skills.
Who brings many.
Knowledge helps Mulchand in setting his workmen free from jail.
Amit Gupta asks Jayant to be more responsible.
When he defends criminals  who are repeat offenders.
Later Amit gets killed.
This motivates Amit s brother Vijay to join the police force.
Meanwhile Priya falls with Vijay.
Both decide to marry.
But Anu and Priya get into trouble.
Their car tyre gets punctured.
There a drunkard rapes Anu and injures Priya.
Who happens to be Mulchand s son.
Anu commits suicide.
Jayant also gets a clue.
The death was not accidental but was a deliberate attempt by some goons and that the rapist is a person known to Mulchand and his gang members.
Jayant tries taking help Mulchand  Meerchandani in finding the real culprits but realises.
They are not responsive.
Jayant vows to find the assailants  but.
He could attempt anything his daughter  Nandita  is kidnapped.
The kidnappers want Jayant to represent Mulchand s son  and gets him acquitted.
Mulchand says and would be left.
His daughter is.
His son is let off.
Jayant gets his client out.
Jayant does not know - he possibly do - still under the control of her kidnappers.
His client is the one who had raped his wife and sister  and when Jayant does find out.
What can.
The rest is.
He single handedly brings all to justice.
<EOS>
Holly and Jackie form a small group.
They convince Candy  a wealthy socialite  to join them.
Who has an incestous relationship.
The group needs Candy s membership to bring money and glamour.
<EOS>
The film tells the story.
Pete is.
Pete sets off to make his fortune  asking Philip to take care of Kate.
When her father  Old Caesar  refuses to consent.
He returns.
Kate and Philip fall in love.
They begin planning their lives together.
When news reaches them that Pete was killed.
Philip prepares to assume the position.
The news is false however.
Pete returns.
Old Caesar agrees to let Kate marry him.
Neither she nor Philip have it to break Pete s heart.
Old Caesar sternly warns the newlyweds to remember.
The wedding party proceeds.
Serious the vows are.
Kate is still.
She decides to leave Pete  leaving him both the child and a note saying.
After a daughter is born.
She loves another man.
However  Philip is about to become the Deemster and is unwilling to give up his career.
Frustrated  she returns to take the baby  telling him.
He is not the father.
He refuses to believe her or hand the child over.
Distraught  Kate leaves and attempts to commit suicide.
Kate is brought.
Philip serves.
He is reluctant to sentence her.
He agrees to hand her over.
When Pete appears.
Kate refuses to go.
Old Caesar   gets up and condemns Philip.
Who is watching.
Philip admits this and leaves the court.
Philip and Kate prepare to leave the Isle of Man and come to Pete s house to pick up the baby.
Kate picks up the child.
Philip and Pete stand.
She brings the child over to say one last goodbye.
He breaks down  having lost everything.
Philip and Kate leave the cottage.
Who have been watching the scene.
<EOS>
Three petty officers have returned on the battle cruiser USS Rochester.
Where they are due.
Skip and Joe have no money due.
Francis Moby Dickerson has $ 300 he won.
Skip and Joe have constantly taken advantage throughout their cruise and beg some money off him.
Moby can not refuse them.
Moby wishes to spend his leave.
His shipmates take an unwilling Moby clip joint bar and rob them of all their money.
Where bargirls and a bartender drug.
Waking up broke and guilty but wiser  Joe is determined to get Moby by using his scheming ability.
Joe arranges their passage and $ 5 dollars each for Moby working on the ship.
Skip meets dancer Gay Knight.
Where an impromptu dance session earns them some more money that entertained passengers throw.
Gay takes them  Moby has to sneak in at night and sleep at the floor.
Where the three have enough money to rent a cabin.
Skip arranges more money and meals by having Moby work as a waiter in a night club.
Moby meets Nancy  the daughter.
When she hits him.
Skip later sweeps her and takes her for his own girl.
Moby becomes further dejected and their girlfriends to the beach.
When he feels out.
The unwanted Moby decides to return.
Having to wait half an hour  Moby s luck changes.
When he meets Jane whose motorboat is not working.
Moby is thrown in the water with Jane taking Moby to her father s yacht.
Where his uniform can dry out.
Jane invites Moby the Commodore inviting Moby to sail with them to the mainland.
Jane s boat fails again with both being thrown into the water and sails off without them.
The boat comes.
Moby gets his confidence back.
Who can not swim.
Jane s grateful father throws a party and Jane in the manner of slaves.
Where he turns the tables when the sheriff  who had arrested Joe and Skip turn them over to Moby where he has them fanning him.
<EOS>
The film follows a graduate student  Omar Razaghi.
Who wishes to write a biography.
He must travel to persuade the Gund family to authorize the biography.
<EOS>
Jim Levenstein  Chris Oz Ostreicher  Kevin Myers  Paul Finch  and Steve Stifler have moved on with adult life and responsibilities.
Jim is still married.
They now have a two-year-old son  Evan.
However   Jim and Michelle s sex life has slowly but surely begun to deteriorate.
Oz is an NFL sportscaster living.
Kevin is married and works from home as an architect.
Finch tells his friends.
He has been traveling the world  and still searching.
Stifler works.
Where he is also the victim by his arrogant employer.
Jim and Michelle arrive.
When former classmate John  one half  organizes a Class of 1999 high school reunion in East Great Falls.
Where his father Noah is now a widower.
Jim encounters his neighbor Kara.
Who he used to babysit and is soon.
Jim meets up at a bar.
Where they meet Selena Vega  a former classmate and Michelle s best friend.
Stifler unknowingly happens  and joins them for weekend activities.
The next day  the group goes.
Oz meets his high school girlfriend  Heather.
Who is dating a heart surgeon named Ron  while Kevin reconnects.
The guys have an altercation.
J.
And his friends.
Ends. 
That night  the guys and girls   go to the falls.
Where they encounter a high school party celebrating Kara s birthday.
Finch and Selena reconnect and realize.
Much they have falling in love with one another.
Jim is forced to drive an intoxicated Kara home.
Who tries to seduce him.
They are almost caught.
He thinks  and dismisses it.
Michelle was giving Jim oral sex.
Oz  Finch  and Stifler come help Jim secretly return Kara.
J.
Spots them sneaking out.
A hungover Kevin wakes up and assumes.
They had sex.
The next day  Stifler tries to throw a party  but finds.
Everyone else has outgrown this.
Jim and Michelle   attend.
Who have been having a lackluster sex life.
They bring Noah along to help him out.
Who becomes intoxicated and encounters Stifler s mother Jeanine.
Kevin confronts Vicky before.
She discloses and is upset.
It was not sexual.
He would assume such a thing.
Mia takes ecstasy.
Ron humiliates Oz.
They attempt to rekindle their previous relationship  but are interrupted.
When Heather goes to comfort Oz.
Who gets.
Jim and Michelle decide.
Jim is confronted trying again to seduce him  followed by hostile A.
J.
And his friends.
The adults and the teens have a lengthy fight.
Is disrupted.
Stifler finds Finch s arrest amusing  the guys proceed to tell him off.
The others sympathize  and fed up with Stifler s rudeness.
Stifler   cites and failed to tell him they were in town.
They never contact him.
They admit.
They did not because they did not want him to ruin things like he always does.
Hurt and offended  Stifler ends the party.
Mia leaves.
Oz  Stifler decides to skip the reunion.
Michelle goes.
He is told.
When Jim tells his father.
They need to make time.
Finch admits.
He is an assistant manager and stole the motorcycle from his boss when he did not receive a raise that was promised.
The boys go.
Where they apologize and admit that although he may be obnoxious  he is their friend.
High school would not have been fun or worthwhile.
Stifler regains his confidence and quits his job - but not.
Attends the reunion.
Kevin reconciles.
Who then meets a new guy.
The two proceed to not only begin a romantic relationship  but have sex  Oz reunites with Heather  and Jim reconciles with Michelle.
Stifler is asked to be a party planner and meets Finch s mother Rachel.
Who proceeds to have sex on the lacrosse field.
John is reunited and together they look on and chant their signature word ` MILF  over and over again.
This goes on.
The next morning  the friends gather.
Where Jim encounters Kara and both apologize.
Oz plans to stay with Heather  Finch plans a trip with Selena to Europe  Stifler drops subtle hints about sleeping with Rachel but no one catches on.
Jim initiates a pact to try and get together once a year to catch up.
They all agree and make a toast.
Laid plays.
<EOS>
A world born.
Jean Albany created his island  his feelings created.
His universe  The sea  the birds  the women  the flowers  gave him a language.
He writes  uniting the roots of Reunion.
Some are Zamal  Miel vert  Bleu Mascarin  Bal indigo.
<EOS>
Rajkumar plays an upright Panju.
Who stays with his mother.
Jayanti  Panju and villagers are at the risk of losing their lands.
Panju leads farmers agitation and tortured.
When much pleading does not work.
Where he is captured.
Panju escapes  kidnaps Jayanti to his village to teach her civic norms and show her the harsh realities normal people face each day.
He gets the entire village relocated.
That royal soldiers can not trace them.
He is able to turn the princess to appreciate the normal way-of-life  but faces the wrath.
Can he turn the tides and win his biggest battle.
<EOS>
Amber Leighton is 40  beautiful  rich  spoiled  and arrogant.
Nothing makes this woman happy.
Amber is unimpressed and takes out her anger on the ship s first mate  Giuseppe Esposito.
When Tony takes her to Italy with two other couples.
The tables suddenly turn  gaining the upper hand  followed by the two falling in love.
When a storm leaves the two shipwrecked  however.
<EOS>
Sam Starling is deep  his wife Phoebe is leaving him.
Still he is confident.
Sam comes aboard and tries to seduce the captain  away from his wife.
When Phoebe boards a luxury yacht and is wooed.
<EOS>
Snoopy is performing guard duty  but gets sidetracked.
When he meets a beautiful dog named Genevieve.
Snoopy decides to get married  and wants his brother Spike to be the Best Beagle at his wedding  resulting in Spike traveling a long way from Needles  California and trying to earn money by competing in a dog race  only to be disqualified for being a beagle and not a greyhound.
Snoopy is at first excited  but soon grows nervous  acting miserable at his own bachelor party  and even breaking down into tears hours before the wedding.
Everything is in order.
It seems the bride is late.
Lucy soon arrives.
The bride-to-be has just run off.
Snoopy is heartbroken  but soon lightens up at the prospect of remaining a bachelor  and enjoys the wedding cake with Woodstock.
Spike returns home.
The show ends.
<EOS>
Dustclouds is an epic fever-dream  chronicling a long night s journey.
Night  Getz vows to enjoy the fruits of his labor.
Having worked his whole life  he has finally married.
Yet  Getz already starts to question his happiness.
He lies.
He yearns for the perfect.
Puts strain.
Inner turmoil unravels the fabric.
The night progresses.
Years begin to pass.
Time  identity and purpose become unstuck.
And a great sadness is borne.
Getz longs  but is terrified by.
What he could lose.
Is a quest deep.
What follows.
<EOS>
Salvatore Giuliano  the infamous bandit.
Who  together  attempted to liberate early 1950s Sicily from Italian rule and make it an American state.
Giuliano robs to give to the peasants.
Who in turn hail him.
So does his ego.
His popularity grows.
He eventually thinks.
He is.
The Don   sets out to kill the upstart by convincing his cousin and closest adviser Gaspare to assassinate him.
<EOS>
Beth Needham works the graveyard shift  and is becoming increasingly fed up with her job.
To pass the time  she listens.
One night  she musters up the courage to call.
She is encouraged to make some changes and to call back in a few weeks to update the show s listeners on he progress.
It does nt take long to quit her job  threatening her boss with a knife.
She s doing so.
She then murders her mother.
She despises her bed-ridden mother.
She made her work long hours to support her and chastised her when she quit.
Beth finds out.
The mother dies.
She had more than $ 80000  and becomes even more enraged that she was forced to work for her even though she had plenty of money.
Beth becomes even more obsessed and  after unsuccessfully trying to reach Lindsey again at the station  she tries to reach her at her psychiatry office.
She then learns.
Lindsey has an answering service and that its workers get to talk all the time.
Beth applies  but is rejected in favor of a woman.
Who she believes is a more physically attractive candidate.
She kills the woman.
When she s walking after work.
Beth then gets a call informing her.
She got the job.
Beth s obsession grows even more.
She establishes a relationship.
She winds up babysitting her child -- drugging him to make him fall asleep -- and murders one to get more time with her.
And  she kills her  too.
When one learns how disturbed she really is from her former boss.
She gets kidnapped and taken on a road trip.
When Lindsey starts becoming suspicious and growing hostile.
She eventually manages to get free.
Which she grabs the gun.
Lindsey shoots her stalker.
When she refuses and takes a threatening lunge.
<EOS>
Balakrishnan is a heart patient.
He urgently needs a heart transplant.
Luckily he gets the heart.
Who was dead a few moments ago.
Balakrishnan discovers.
He can see Aby Mathew while nobody else can.
Aby Mathew is now a ghost.
He wants to bring his killers.
He takes Balakrishnan s help and start investigating.
Nobody is ready to believe Balakrishnan.
No one believes.
Balakrishnan also takes the help.
Who also at first does not believe him.
Balakrishnan discovers.
Aby Mathew was murdered to take over his business and that the lives of Aby s wife and mother are also in danger.
The rest is Balakrishnan s attempt to save them.
<EOS>
Solomon Joseph is a Sub-Inspector corrupt.
He has learned the importance.
Using his power he earns wadloads.
And spends.
He is the S.
I.
Where two underworld kings  Ummachan and Vavachanaraghavan  clashes frequently.
Solomon is friendly and helps him many ways  including helping move the vans with narcotics.
He happens to lock horns.
Who is an arrogant and spoiled brat.
Blinded the power  Denis asks Solomon to apologize in front of his friends.
Who might hold him low respect since he was badly treated.
Denis and his friends get beaten by Solomon.
Who throws them afterwards.
Ummachan manages to release his brothers and friends.
He threatens Solomon.
Next day   he catches them red handed.
When he gets info that Denis and friends are being entertained.
Ummachan is the next MLA candidate.
Such an incident would mar his political future  so he humbly asks Solomon s services.
But Solomon would not budge.
He is bribed ` properly.
He claims to receive a significant amount.
The stakes are high.
Ummachan tries to get Solomon caught  but fails and finds himself behind the bars for attempted bribery to a police official.
Blinded  Denis try to murder Solomon with his four friends.
Solomon beats up all the five and takes Denis to police station.
The beating continues.
Hours takes its toll.
Denis dies.
Solomon buries up the body and covers up the murder  but gets a punishment transfer to north kerala.
Ummachan threatens him.
Solomon is fearless.
He takes charge.
Is ruled.
Haji made all his fortune.
Baputi s wife and his daughter Nadia is facing eviction.
Haji refuses to help them.
Haji s son tries to molest Nadia.
She files a complaint.
Solomon tries to catch his fish and arranges a drama.
Causes the death.
This was unexpected.
Solomon s conscience is dented.
A couple.
Haji s son tries.
The constable turns up at Bathiyadukka and begs Solomon to give him money for his daughter s marriage.
Who assisted Solomon to bury Denis  body.
He hints.
Ummachan is after him to get the info and ready to offer him anything for that info.
Solomon goes for financial assistance but received by his son.
Who refuses to pay Solomon anything because he keeps.
Solomon hijacks Haji s bootlegging truck with stuff worth tens of millions rupees and takes.
5 million rupees asked earlier.
But Haji is cleverer  his men ambushes Solomon.
Mortally wounds him.
But he recovers and start his life.
He falls with Nadia and wants to marry her.
The day previous  Ummachan with the help of Haji  kidnaps Nadia and uses her as a bait to Solomon to take his revenge on his lost brother s life.
<EOS>
Pu Pu is dumped.
Whom she loves.
She asks to listen just one more time.
She moves out.
Is the hidden track.
Then she leaves him and goes in Hong Kong.
All the while she is there  she searches.
It leads her.
Jay Chou plays only a cameo part.
<EOS>
Enteng Kabisote  is a Tagalupa married Magenta  Queen of Engkantasya  an enchanted kingdom.
The couple has two children  Aiza and Benok.
The family is living peacefully and happily  the evil queen of Kadiliman brings chaos to earth by sending Romero  Lucy  and Fer to poison the water of the dams.
But Venuz and Aries  armor fairies sent stopped them.
Satana turns her ire.
She sends Itim  to spy.
But  Itim deceived and lied to Satana.
Satana transforms herself into a young girl named Tanny.
Who seduces and possesses Benok but Enteng manages to stop her evil deed.
Burning  Satana kidnaps Faye.
She demands.
Ina Magenta surrenders her good powers so she can rule the earth.
Instead  Ina sends Enteng and Benok together to fight Satana.
They manage to rescue Faye.
<EOS>
Kathy Wakeman is a high school senior plans to marry her mariner sweetheart Chuck Wakemore.
Who   abandons her college.
Their lives is.
He is ordered to serve.
She spends her time befriends her neighbor Lorraine Simpson  a mother.
His absence.
Whose husband is also away to fight.
She is devastated and loses all lust.
When she is informed that her husband has been killed.
Her mother notices and enters her.
She is unable to deal.
She also advices her to move back.
She refuses.
Kathy tries to adjust to normal life again.
She has trouble hiding the fact.
She still feels miserable.
She is ordered to leave the apartment.
She lived in  because they are meant for Marine Corps families only.
She reluctantly packs to leave the only place.
Reminds her and seeks refuge at the local swimming pool.
There  she is noticed.
Who was just closing up.
Knowing  he assumes.
She is trying to commit suicide  that she was nt.
Sympathizing  he offers Kathy a job as a swimming instructor.
She accepts the job.
It does nt pay well.
They react enthusiasticly.
When she tells her parents.
She reveals that she is moving in not returning home.
She impresses the staff and is promoted to being a life guard.
She soon becomes happier and grows closer.
One evening  they get drunk and kiss.
This makes.
Her feel guilty  thinking she is somehow cheating.
She contacts a psychologist.
Who helps her to move on.
Kathy admits to Sam.
She only feels happy when she is around him.
The next morning  she realizes.
She is nt ready.
And turns back.
She apologizes for her behavior  but tells them.
They ca nt feel sorry.
She leaves town to build up a life another place.
<EOS>
Welles plays Charles Foster Kane.
Whose fictional life partially mirrors that.
However  Chicago inventor and utilities magnate Samuel Insull  Chicago Tribune publisher Robert R.
McCormick  and even Welles  own life were used.
Were produced.
G.
Wells  The War.
Sent residents into a panic  Orson Welles.
The deal gave him near-total creative control and  arguably  overshadowed the production  Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer s Gone with the Wind and The Wizard of Oz and RKO s own Gunga Din.
The Battle also details the lives of Orson Welles and William Randolph Hearst before Citizen Kane  Hearst s manipulation of the heads of the four largest Hollywood studios  Columbia Pictures  Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer  Paramount Pictures  and Warner Bros.
To combine their efforts and financial strength.
To buy the film with the express purpose of destroying it  and how the film affected their lives after the release of the film.
However  William Randolph Hearst was actually millions of dollars in debt due largely to excessive spending  particularly on his continuing construction of his already sprawling mansion near San Simeon  California the size of the state of Rhode Island.
Was located.
He kept a mistress his junior  the actress Marion Davies.
Married. 
Davies had been a silent film-era star  but.
Who worked.
Orson Welles moved on to his second project  The Magnificent Ambersons.
However   The Magnificent Ambersons was wrested.
Citizen Kane did not become a.
RKO re-edited the film itself and released it.
William Randolph Hearst died  Orson Welles died in.
The events chronicled.
The Battle were dramatized in the 1999 HBO film  RKO.
281 was the internal production name.
<EOS>
Matko Destanov  a small-time Roma smuggler and profiteer  is living by the Danube River in eastern Serbia near the Bulgarian border.
He has plans to acquire a whole train.
He finds.
To obtain a loan  he visits Grga Pitic  a wheelchair-using old gangster.
Would subsidize the heist.
Who s an old friend.
Matko then plots the details with an ally named Dadan  a rich  fun-living  drug-snorting gangster.
Who has a harem  juggles grenades  and cheats.
However  Dadan double-crosses him and glitches up the deal.
Is drugged.
Matko is unconscious.
Means that Matko owes Dadan a great deal.
Matko can not afford to pay  so Dadan makes a deal.
Whereby he would forgive the debt  thereby wiping the slate clean.
Zare and Afrodita  Dadan s midget sister whom he desperately wants to marry off  get married.
However  Zare is with Ida  a barmaid.
Who works.
Afrodita is waiting.
Dadan coerces Afrodita.
Zare first learns.
Meanwhile  Zare retrieves Zarije.
Where he is being kept.
Grga Pitic is having problems.
He wants his grandsons   to get married.
The two reluctantly endure the wedding ceremony held.
Dadan refuses to postpone.
They were not supposed to have a wedding while.
Dadan decides to delay the death announcement.
Matko and Zare hide Zarije s body  packed in ice.
Zare is dismayed.
He wants to leave the place  and had hoped that the required mourning period would give him the opportunity to get away  and thus avoid being married off against his will.
Ida and Sujka provide the catering.
Ida is upset.
Dadan is really enjoying himself.
Whether dancing  bouncing on the bed with his harem  and juggling grenades.
However  the bride runs away mid-ceremony  pursued.
Meanwhile  Grga Veliki is driving his father and brother.
That they may visit Zarije s grave.
The fleeing bride then stumbles.
He stops the truck  he is willing to protect her.
When he sees her crossing the road.
The couple fall instantly.
Grga Pitic arrives.
His wheelchair had fallen and rolled downhill.
He is delighted.
Grga Veliki has found his mate.
The old gangster forces Dadan   to accept the match.
Who had once worked.
The groom meanwhile conspires to bring Dadan down a peg  and rigs the outhouse.
That the seat will come apart.
Matko and Dadan pass the time  with Dadan cheating.
The preparations are being conducted.
Sujka comes in  and serves the unsuspecting Dadan.
A drink spiked.
Furthermore  Grga Pitic apparently dies.
Dadan and Matko hide his body.
Where Zarije s body is also hidden.
However  the two corpses soon both come back  they were not dead after all.
They are surprised to find themselves together.
They had not seen each other.
Each had thought.
The other was dead.
Dadan starts to feel uncomfortable and rushes into the outhouse  and falls into the manure.
His harem and cronies desert him.
Only Matko remains loyal.
He tries to clean himself off.
He provides Dadan.
Zare meanwhile grabs.
The wedding official him to solemnize his marriage with his sweetheart  Ida  and the two sail off together on a riverboat set for Bulgaria with a fistful of cash stashed in his grandfather s accordion  the blessing of their respective grandparents and  as witnesses  a black cat and a white cat.
<EOS>
Nicky Singer is a down Brooklyn native.
Has parlayed his Yale education.
Using his wits to navigate the seedy world  Nicky must balance his own interest with those of his father  a retiree.
Whose own gambling debts have pushed him.
Nicky encounters a diverse group of wannabe mobsters  thugs  and other eccentric characters.
<EOS>
This film has the Ultra Brothers  Zoffy  Ultraman  Ultra Seven  New Ultraman  Ultraman Ace and Ultraman Taro  teaming up to fight five evil monsters.
They are Gomora  Dustpan  Astromons  Tyrant and Dorobon.
Were accidentally awakened.
<EOS>
Sinbad discovers a mysterious island ruled.
Threatened  Serena asks for his help in creating a spell thatwill conquer Baraka once and for all.
<EOS>
He was cursed.
When a nun broke her covenant to save the life of Aman  her unborn son.
Aman has killed those.
Who have crossed him.
But his curse brings his victims back.
They pursue him endlessly for revenge.
Forever suffering this curse  Aman enlists Fabulos  a young gunman  to fight.
<EOS>
Nights and Days is a family saga.
The film is a rather straightforward and faithful adaptation.
The plot is woven.
There are two main crossing threads  a social history one and an existential one.
The cinematographic version is a condensation.
Barbara Ostrzenska marries former landowner Bogumil Niechcic out rather than love for him.
She is secretly.
Their task together begins at a small estate  Krempa.
Barbara suffers the loss  and decides to leave her home at Krempa to start a new life at the run down land property of Serbinow.
Barbara s beloved sister Teresa dies.
Bogumil is successful.
Financial security  the birth signal better times at last.
Barbara s sick mother moves in.
Them only to die.
Bogumil s dedication is praised by the landowner of ` Serbinow.
Barbara has trouble.
Who is lying and stealing.
They employ a governess.
Barbara and Bogumil become more distant as Barbara dreams of moving to the nearby city of Kaliniec.
Barbara s uncle dies  bequeathing her 6000 roubles.
Bogumil advises her to invest.
Her preference is a building property.
Meanwhile  Danielecki  owner  arrives.
Anxious not to lose Bogumil improves his contract.
Mrs Hlasko  an experienced teacher arrives  so Barbara has no need to move with her children.
There is an outbreak.
The family do.
What they can to help the sick.
Eventually Barbara moves with her children.
Bogumil stays home alone and finds himself a young lover.
Fifteen years have passed.
Two gold coins go missing.
Their son Tommy is suspected.
Meanwhile the 1905 Russian Revolution encourages farmhands.
She finds Bogumil.
When Barbara unexpectedly leaves her home to visit Serbinow.
Barbara is devastated.
The revolutionary movement expands  involving Barbara s daughter  Agnieszka.
Who returns.
Eager to love.
Celina  commits suicide.
When her lover abandons her.
Bogumil realizes.
He is losing his daughter  Agnieszka  who decides to live rather than staying at Serbinow with her family.
Tommy continues to lie and steal  causing his parents.
Barbara and Bogumil feel secure and content.
Bogumil orders drainage equipment without the owners  permission  using Barbara s money as a deposit.
Soon news arrives.
Serbinow has been sold.
Bogumil and Barbara must move out and leave their home.
Bogumil and Barbara buy a small estate at Pamietow.
Bogumil feels lost and tired.
He becomes sick and dies asking his children to be honest and kind.
Barbara feels.
If her world is completely destroyed.
Meanwhile  Poland s struggle continues.
Barbara moves permanently.
I breaks out.
The Germans invade  Barbara hopes.
Her children will come.
The people are glad to be free.
When the Prussian army captures Kalinec.
Barbara leaves Kaliniec.
<EOS>
Love finds.
Betrayal asking seeks Revenge.
All takes place.
Where not is all what it seems.
Which humanity is tested and threatened.
This film is entangled in the lives of Film Stars  Press and Police.
<EOS>
New Cutie Honey is set.
Jason Douglas vows to rein in a citywide crime wave and restore peace.
However  a self-proclaimed Lord  feared even by other criminals there  seeks to derail his efforts in the first four episodes.
A large freelance gang  joined by two of Dolmeck s allies  a returning character from the 1973 Cutie Honey series.
He is now both a 150-year-old   and Chokkei s parents.
Who has a crush and wishes to become like Mayor Light.
Who themselves attempted to rob a city bank.
Chokkei s mother Daiko  His father Akakabu.
Three animated characters -- a girl  a tall armored blue-haired man  and a purple-haired man with robotic spider legs on his back and a box in his hands -- stand.
Honey remembers.
The minion she defeated injected liquid.
She fights other capsule users  then seeks the capsules  source.
Peeping Spider learns and reveals Honey s true robot form.
She defeats a female capsule distributor.
He kidnaps Chokkei and sends him.
Honey and the rest fly there to rescue him  they fight Peeping Spider  defeat Black Maiden  and attack a large structure in the ship along the way.
Maiden then reveals herself to be Panther Zora reborn  Honey wounds Dolmeck.
His body releases the fallen evil souls.
Honey has killed.
Zora then absorbs them  evolving her body.
Honey tries to re-seal Dolmeck s body.
Danbei destroys the airship.
Honey emerges alive.
The entire Hayami family escapes the ship.
The next four episodes are set an unspecified time.
Chokkei has grown older and fond.
The Hayamis remain.
Her to fight off antagonists who transform and gain their power by Zora.
Mayor Light rarely appears.
A girl named Natsuko.
Her presence reminds Honey.
Who died.
Daiko -- now a leader of a United Thug Alliance of gangs -- goes with Honey and the Hayamis to rescue fellow thugs imprisoned by an army of Thug Hunters  and reveals.
She fell with Akakabu for his persistence in an earlier fight with her.
Peeping Spider returns  there  Honey and her friends capture him and use his technologies to defeat a teleporting gold thief.
<EOS>
Satya falls.
When he chances a stranger that was seized by an epileptic attack in a public place.
Veda vanishes.
Satya goes.
He comes to know.
She lives with her father Ranga Reddy  a terror in the region.
Satya goes but is beaten by henchmen.
Veda is surprised to see Satya.
She has never seen him before.
<EOS>
Adam  an underground musician  deeply depressed  reunites with his resilient and enigmatic lover.
Their love story has already endured several centuries at least.
Their idyll is soon interrupted and uncontrollable younger sister.
<EOS>
Dr Bragan is a NASA mathematician working to outer space.
The stress causes him to have a mental breakdown  so his assistant  Dr Paul Nakamura  suggests.
He takes a vacation to recuperate.
Dr Bragan stays at a hotel with his beautiful assistant  Dr Hanamura  to begin experiments on a plant.
He brought.
The plant is a Venus Flytrap.
The scientist crosses it to create a creature.
Is almost human.
<EOS>
Sagarika.
Who is a girl that hails.
Her father Raihan Chowdhury is a renowned businessman and has many dreams.
But Sagarika is.
Who is very poor and often can not even afford to clothe himself properly.
Raju also loves Sagarika and wants to marry.
Her so has to meet her father.
She is rebuked and meets an outright refusal.
When Sagarika puts forward the proposal of marrying Dev.
They could not accept Raju.
Moreover  her parents have chosen.
Not wanting to hurt her parents will be a perfect match.
Sagarika finally gives Akash who her parents believe.
Akash is a man.
Who believes and respects her sensibilities.
But  he is unable to win Sagarika s love at first.
Their marriage remains.
However   she realises.
She has fallen with him.
Sagarika leads a life of bliss and becomes an ideal wife.
But  Raju returns and is intent on winning Sagarika back.
Raju is now a wealthy businessman.
Now Sagarika finds herself.
Where she has to fight with her former lover.
But Sagarika is now with her husband and has no wish to return to her former love.
He is intent.
When Akash realises she has no wish to return.
But the truth wins.
When Sagarika tells Raju she is pregnant.
Raju realises his folly and accepts his friend and business partner Mitali.
She secretly loved him.
<EOS>
The film highlights the practices of factory farms with a particular focus on Poland.
The film shows footage to even turn around and reveals.
Pig waste pollutes the air and drinking water and makes beautiful lakes unsafe to swim in.
It also shows.
To prevent the onset  antibiotics are routinely used thereby increasing the danger of antibiotic resistant bacteria like MRSA and E.
Coli entering the food chain.
The film focuses  based in Virginia.
Has been the target  from Bobby Kennedy Jr to The Ecologist s Zac Goldsmith.
Initially focusing  Worcester explains.
Large corporations - an organisation that processes 27 million pigs in 15 countries  producing sales of $ 12 billion every year - have effective control over the whole market  providing cheap meat to supermarkets which in turn sends small  independent farms out of business.
The film documents the pig industry s record in America and its expansion into the EU market by moving to Poland.
Local residents report unusually frequent headaches  eye irritation  excessive coughing  nausea and asthma.
When the excreta is stored in massive anaerobic lagoons and sprayed over surrounding fields.
Worcester gamely climbed over a barbed wire fence.
Where she filmed thousands before being chased away by the pig attendant.
More shocking footage included shows dead piglets floating in a lagoon and dead pigs amongst the living inside a factory farm.
The film incorporates interviews from both sides of the debate including a centrepiece interview with Smithfield Foods  vice-president of environmental and corporate affairs.
It also draws heavily.
Nephew. 
Kennedy  an environmental lawyer.
Who has led successful legal actions.
One scientist identifies studies.
Show that a significant percentage can develop chronic respiratory illness.
Thousands of Polish farmers  are being driven out of business and into unemployment and migration.
Who have helped to keep their landscape an unspoilt jewel.
The advance has been helped by huge multi-million dollar loans from the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development - a bank guaranteed and subsidised by the taxpayer.
The film also points out.
Inadequate labelling often makes it unclear.
Where and how the pork has been produced.
UK independent pig farmers claim.
They are being ruined because they can not compete.
The documentary describes solutions to the issues.
It highlights.
It advocates buying British to ensure and ideally buying organic  free range or outdoor reared pork to support independent farmers.
The sows are not kept.
<EOS>
Frederic Henry  an American serving as an ambulance driver in the Italian Army  delivers some wounded soldiers to a hospital.
There he meets his friend  Italian Major Rinaldi  a doctor.
They go out carousing  but are interrupted.
Frederic and English Red Cross nurse Catherine Barkley take shelter.
The somewhat drunk Frederic makes a poor first impression.
Rinaldi persuades Frederic to go.
However  Rinaldi becomes annoyed.
When Frederic prefers Catherine  the woman the major had chosen.
Away  Frederic learns.
She was engaged.
He seduces her  over her half-hearted resistance  and is surprised to discover.
She is a virgin.
Their relationship is discovered.
Catherine is transferred to Milan.
He finds himself.
When Frederick is wounded.
Where Catherine now works.
They continue their affair.
He is sent back.
Now pregnant  Catherine runs away.
Her many letters are intercepted by Rinaldi.
Who feels he needs to rescue his friend.
Meanwhile  Frederic s letters are sent to the hospital.
She has abandoned.
He deserts to find Catherine.
When Frederic can not stand it any longer.
Returning first  he attempts to convince the reluctant Ferguson to reveal Catherine s whereabouts to him.
Displaying animosity  all is.
She reveals finally.
Catherine has left and is pregnant.
Rinaldi visits him.
Where he is hiding.
Hearing  out of remorse for having interfered with their correspondence  tells Frederic where she is living.
He rows to her.
Meanwhile  Catherine is delighted.
When she is told she has finally received some mail  but faints when she is given all.
She is taken.
Where her child is delivered stillborn.
She herself is.
Frederic arrives.
Catherine dies  at her side.
As an armistice is announced.
<EOS>
Blaise Starrett is a ruthless cattleman.
A feud develops.
The farmer s wife  Helen  agrees to renew a love affair.
He promises not to kill Hal.
The feud is about to come.
When Jack Bruhn  and his band ride into town.
They are after robbing a bank.
He is a wounded outlaw  a former cavalry officer but that does nt stop him.
His gang holding the town s civilians hostage.
Starrett must now find a way to save his town  and redeem himself.
He does so  or so they think  across the snow-covered mountains.
<EOS>
The film is based.
Who s living his everyday life.
However  he soon lets loose and jeopardizes his family and friends.
This fear begins.
When he hears constant talk on the news.
He soon begins to have nightmares and his family dying as a result of a nuclear terrorist attack.
He searches.
To protect your family.
He ends up.
He finds.
There  he meets comedian Tom Arnold.
Who is also having fears.
He and Arnold end up forming a close relationship later.
Carl begins to clean out his basement and convert it.
He fills it.
This worries his wife Viv.
Who is pregnant.
She sends him.
Whom Carl dislikes.
Viv is even more worried.
When Tom takes Carl out  where Carl buys a 9mm Glock pistol.
He places it and some gold he buys.
Is delivered.
The gold  safe  and gun are lost and tie him and Viv up.
When the same guys who delivered the safe  rob Carl.
When Carl is scanning his shelter.
He obtained earlier in the film.
He returns the plate  however the man does not believe him and gives him a card to a mental health clinic.
Carl goes to a comedy club  and hears Tom joking about him.
Where Tom is performing.
He feels betrayed  and avoids contact.
Carl soon begins to believe.
America is a dangerous place.
He searches.
This leads.
Him being separated.
Carl buys the new house and says goodbye.
When she is heading to work.
Tom calls him  and apologizes.
As Carl is packing.
He then tells Carl.
One deep in the government reported that bomb disposal units have been dispatched to downtown L.
A.
Nuke had been found.
Where an armed suitcase.
Tom has saved two seats and Viv to escape from the impending attack.
Carl agrees to go along and gets his dog  and then tries to warn Viv.
She does not believe him and hangs up.
Carl then calls his students and warns them to take shelter.
The Emergency Alert System comes and broadcasts an EAN warning of the terrorist attack.
Carl calls Viv again.
Who now believes him but can not leave because she is working the crisis.
He shows up  and tells Tom.
He s not going.
He gives Tom his dog and drives.
He finds her working the 911 service.
She expresses concerns.
When he tells Viv to go.
Viv and Carl say.
They love each other one last time.
The explosion is not shown  however Carl gives an afterword.
<EOS>
The bond  known throughout their town as The Fletcher Flops  strengthens.
An accident grants him the superpowers of Jason s comic book hero  The Golden Blaze.
<EOS>
President James Jimmy Dale addresses America.
When Martians surround Earth.
People follow the story  including news anchors in New York  employees and guests at the Luxor Las Vegas hotel in Nevada and a trailer trash family in fictional Perkinsville  Kansas.
The President s science aides set up a first contact meeting in Pahrump  Nevada.
Using a probably defective universal translator the Martians announce.
They have come.
However   the Martians shoot it down and attack the army and gathered crowd.
When a hippie releases a dove.
General Casey  Jason Stone  and Billy-Glenn are.
Thinking  President Dale has Professor Donald Kessler continue negotiations.
The reason is a cultural misunderstanding.
Whose ambassador is invited to address the United States Congress.
The Martians massacre most of the members of Congress and retreat to their saucer.
Kessler begs to stop.
He is knocked out and taken.
General Decker tries to convince President Dale to retaliate.
The president refuses.
A Martian assassin  disguised  enters the White House and unsuccessfully attempts to assassinate Dale.
The Martians then begin a full-scale invasion   and other locations.
Which they destroy Big Ben  the Eiffel Tower  the Taj Mahal  the Washington Monument  the Easter Island Moais  Mount Rushmore - replacing the stone president heads.
Meeting more time to plead for peace  the ambassador goes to shake hands with President Dale.
The ambassador s hand comes off and crawls  and then stabs him to death.
Meanwhile  Richie Norris  a Kansas teenager  discovers.
The Martians heads explode when they hear Slim Whitman s Indian Love Call.
He and his grandmother drive around town  using the song to destroy the Martians.
The military hears and broadcasts it around the globe and into space  killing most of the Martians and causing the few remaining survivors to flee Earth.
Richie and his grandmother are later awarded the Medal by the only surviving member of the government  the President s teenage daughter  Taffy  at a ceremony including a Mariachi band playing The Star Spangled Banner on the steps of the ruined United States Capitol.
<EOS>
Inspector Betti is transferred.
The city s crime lord.
After his arrival receives a warm welcome.
Betti then goes on a personal mission  and tries to force the syndicate out of town.
Any means necessary.
<EOS>
The movie tells the story.
Who s family moved to Stockholm when she was eight years old.
Yasmin s father Sinan had a good reputation and is thus very unsatisfied with his job in Sweden - he is an underground train driver.
Living. 
Yasmin  20 years  wants to show and has the big ambition of becoming the Minister of Justice of Sweden.
She can fill an important position.
She has to begin in a small way and so she starts a police officer s apprenticeship at Polishogskolan.
Where she meets Elin  a Swedish girl.
The two become friends.
Soon their relationship are put to the test as several unexpected twists and turns take place.
<EOS>
Bill Saunders is a former prisoner.
Whose experiences have left him unstable and violent.
He gets.
Which he in kills a man and then flees.
He hides out.
Who believes his story that the killing was an accident.
Saunders is involved.
He ends up.
Jane   gets him a job driving a truck delivering drugs.
Who is now.
When he s released.
Meanwhile  hoodlum Harry Carter   threatens to expose Saunders.
Who witnessed the earlier bar fight.
Carter demands.
Saunders cooperate.
Do the delivery  Jane rides  forcing Saunders to make the delivery as planned to avoid getting Jane involved in the possibly dangerous theft.
When Saunders does.
This betrayal puts the lives of Saunders and Jane in even greater danger.
<EOS>
Nazi forces occupied Estonia.
Alfred Kaarmann was conscripted into the German military.
When the Soviet-Nazi frontline was drawing.
The Red Army had again occupied Estonia.
Alfred was forced to make a decision.
Whether to stay or retreat with the Germans.
He chose the former  However he risked arrest and deportation.
He   took refuge in the forests.
Order to survive.
They were known.
Alfred Kaarmann discusses his experience.
<EOS>
Woody Woodpecker  riding a horse  is gaily strumming a guitar and singing a song of loot long lost.
Only he has the map.
Woody enters the ghost town  dismounts and studies the map.
X marks the spot.
Where the loot is hidden.
Unbeknown  foul villain Dapper Dan Dooley  hiding in a barrel behind him  sees the map over his shoulder.
Woody enters the saloon  closely followed.
Woody locates the X spot and finds a strongbox.
Dooley grabs and opens the box.
He has his nose caught.
Woody recaptures the box and runs  only to lose it to Dooley again.
When Woody runs.
The box changes hands many times  in a battle of wits and trickery  fight for its possession.
Finally  Woody gains permanent possession.
The horse give the famous Woody laugh.
<EOS>
Sits Father Conroy s parish.
Where entertainers often attend his services.
His parishioners include Holly LeMaise.
Whose dad Harry was an old vaudevillian.
Holly takes a job.
When her father falls ill.
The featured entertainer is Tony Vincent  a playboy.
Whose romantic advances Holly wards off.
But soon she develops feelings.
Father Conroy befriends the former songwriter Phil Stanley.
Whose alcoholism and hard times have left him playing piano.
The priest annoys Tony.
Now Phil s as well.
Tony lands a job and tries to manipulate Holly into going along.
Father Conroy organizes a big show.
Will be.
Tony  having lost the Miami job  desperately wants to perform.
To prove his true intent  the priest offers to book Tony on television provided.
He tells Holly their relationship is over.
Holly is shocked.
When he accepts.
Tony s guilty conscience gives him a change.
When it s his turn to sing.
He gives up his time to Phil.
Who has written a new song.
Father Conroy is pleased  and soon finds himself officiating.
Tony s wedding.
<EOS>
Janey is with her brother Jim  mother Kate  and father Ed  at their beach house on the Mahurangi Peninsula in New Zealand.
Ed and Kate   sit drinking whiskey  leaving their young children to amuse and fend for themselves.
Who are.
Cady  a local boatie  catches Janey s pubescent eye.
Who is having an affair.
Ed turns to alcohol  neglecting his children almost as much as his wife.
She persuades him to take pictures as well.
When Janey sees Cady photographing Kate.
Then   she wants something else from him.
Leaving little Jim alone  Janey leads Cady high into the woods.
She takes his camera and tells him.
To pose.
She adjusts his shirt and tells him to strip off.
Then she puts his camera aside and starts touching him all over.
They kiss  her head tilts back.
The screen goes.
Janey lies alone in the woods naked.
She is next seen walking back down the woody hillside.
She sees her brother s little body.
She runs the length  screaming his name.
She launches.
When she reaches him.
Janey begs him  Make him breathe.
They eventually have to realize.
They are too late to save Jim and to save the family.
<EOS>
The minor-league hockey team Charlestown Chiefs are still languishing in Pennsylvania.
A new player/coach  Sean Linden  has taken over.
The team s violence has become the Chiefs  hallmark.
Sean Linden does not try to control the fighting hockey trio.
The team is bought by a family entertainment corporation called Better America  run by an executive named Richmond Claremont.
The team is moved and given a new coach.
The team soon finds out.
Richmond Claremont intends to use the Chiefs.
The Super Chiefs lose the Hanson brothers.
When a fight breaks out.
Claremont bribes Linden to change the team s attitude and then leave.
Linden succeeds.
He then leaves.
He comes back and talks the Super Chiefs into their old ways.
The Chiefs back begin crushing the Icebreakers.
The Chiefs win.
Claremont is furious and threatens to sue  but ca nt  the recent lottery winning Hanson Brothers do.
He no longer owns the Chiefs.
The movie ends.
The team is going to play the great old-time hockey.
<EOS>
A glamorously made-up Patrick Kitten Braden  pushing a baby and flirting insouciantly with construction workers  introduces her life story.
Intricately plotted  the film is divided.
Cartoon robins narrate.
Baby Patrick s mother abandons him.
He is then placed.
A young Patrick is later shown donning a dress and lipstick.
Angers his foster family.
However  Patrick is accepted.
Who tells Patrick that his biological mother looked.
The story is quickly moved ahead in the early.
Patrick gets by writing explicit fiction imagining and by inquiring about.
He was conceived.
Where to get a sex change.
Patrick renames himself/herself  also using the name Patricia.
She approaches her father  asking about her mother  but is rebuffed.
Kitten soon runs away  catching a ride with a glam rock band  Billy Hatchet and the Mohawks  and striking up a flirtation with leader Billy.
Billy installs the lovestruck  homeless Kitten.
Where she discovers he s hiding guns smuggled.
Meanwhile  Irwin has begun to work  much to the dismay of his now-girlfriend Charlie.
Kitten dismisses Irwin s politics as serious  serious  serious.
She tosses the IRA gun cache.
Lawrence is killed.
Billy abandons Kitten to flee the IRA.
Kitten plays crazy  so that she wo nt be shot.
Kitten next journeys to search for her mother.
Initial inquiries prove fruitless.
Penniless  she finds shelter  only to find.
It s a children s entertainment park.
She gets a job  dancing Womble  but immediately loses it.
When her sponsor and co-worker punches their boss.
Forced  she is violently attacked by her first client  saving herself from strangulation by spraying him in the eyes with Chanel No.
5 perfume.
Magician Bertie Vaughan asks her.
What she is writing.
She explains  then reveals.
It s the story who was swallowed up by the big city.
It s.
Bertie hires her to be his magician s assistant  exploiting her life story.
The two take a romantic day trip.
Kitten explains.
She s not really a girl.
When Bertie tries to kiss her.
Bertie says.
He already knew this.
Soon  Charlie finds Bertie s show and takes Kitten away.
Next  Kitten goes.
When the club is bombed.
She is arrested.
When police discover that Kitten is biologically male and Irish.
Beaten and prevented  she writes a hyperbolic statement  shown in a fantasy spy film spoof sequence.
The cops soften  realising  and release her.
She is innocent.
Kitten begs to stay in the police station  but is tossed to the street.
Kitten is again forced to turn tricks  but is saved.
Who interrogated her.
He brings her.
Where she transforms herself.
Her repentant father finds her.
That mirrors their confessional scene  professes his love and tells Kitten.
Where to find her mother.
She goes posing as a telephone company market researcher and discovers a younger.
Whose name is also Patrick.
She faints.
Does not reveal her true self.
Reviving. 
Kitten goes home to tend.
When Irwin is killed.
However  the town reacts by firebombing the parish house.
Kitten and Charlie flee.
They run into Kitten s pregnant mother Eily and little Patrick at the doctor s office.
Where Charlie is getting post-partum care.
Kitten is friendly  but still does nt reveal her true identity.
<EOS>
Young Shankar is framed he did not commit.
He escape and run into his mother s arms.
She dies due to shock.
When Shankar s mother see Shankar being arrested.
Shankar escapes and ends up working for criminal don Raja Babu.
He is now known.
One day Raja Babu ask Shaka to abduct a child.
Child s mother dies due to shock.
This reminds Shaka his own mother dying due.
He repents  surrender to police and sent for 5 years.
His three years punishment is condoned.
When he saves life.
He decide to live life as garage mechanic.
Released. 
He meets Aarti  fall and both marry.
But past starts haunting him to such an extent.
He see no choice.
<EOS>
Dana Scully  a former FBI agent  is now a staff physician  she is treating Christian  a young boy with Sandhoff disease.
FBI agent Mosely Drummy approaches Scully in locating her former partner  Fox Mulder.
Who has been since the events of the series finale.
Drummy states.
The FBI will call off its manhunt if he helps investigate the disappearances of several women in Virginia  the latest of whom is a young FBI agent named Monica Bannan.
Scully agrees and convinces a reluctant Mulder to help.
The duo is taken.
C.
Have been led by Father Joeseph Fitzgerald Crissman.
Where Agent Dakota Whitney wants Mulder s expertise.
He is a former priest defrocked  and claims.
God is sending him visions.
Whitney and Drummy take Father Joe and Mulder.
Where the former priest overcomes the others  skepticism when   he begins to bleed from his eyes.
A second woman  driving home  is run off the road by a truck driven by Janke Dacyshyn.
Who then abducts her.
Father Joe is again recruited with the second abducted woman.
He leads the FBI to.
What turns out to be a frozen burial ground.
Analysis  and a car crash of a recent missing person  eventually leads them to Dacyshyn  an organ transporter in Richmond  Virginia  and his husband  Franz Tomczeszyn.
Who was sexually abused.
Later  Scully  particularly the cryptic message  Do nt give up.
Goes. 
He directed.
He says.
Then collapses suffering a seizure.
We are shown.
Scully calls  and later learns.
Father Joe  who is admitted  suffers from advanced lung cancer.
Where Dacyshyn works.
Mulder   chases Dacyshyn.
Who accompanied Whitney.
Whitney follows  and is killed.
When Dacyshyn pushes her.
Scully  seeking a resolution  asks Joe.
Who has not yet heard.
He senses that she is still alive.
He replies.
She is.
Discouraged but still determined  Mulder decides to investigate the incidents further.
He starts.
The human remains contain acepromazine  an animal tranquilizer.
Mulder slips out and follows him.
When Dacyshyn coincidentally arrives moments later.
Dacyshyn notices him  however  and runs the car.
Mulder survives and manages.
Who must exit his truck after the engine fails  in a former barn.
Mulder enters.
The commotion caused brings Dacyshyn out from one of the buildings.
The compound is.
Has been murdering people and stealing their organs.
The field turned out to be their dumping ground.
Where Father Joe had earlier discovered the bodies.
Mulder enters the building to find  they are attempting to place Tomczeszyn s head on the body of the second abducted woman.
The team has been using the organs and body parts.
The stitching makes it clear.
This is not the first time they have tried this.
Mulder tries to save her.
A doctor comes and injects him with tranquilizer.
Helpless  Mulder is taken outside to be murdered.
She calls Agent Drummy.
When Scully can not reach Mulder.
Who refuses to help her.
Undaunted  she next contacts her old FBI superior  Director Walter Skinner.
They triangulate the phone s location and find.
Scully s wrecked car  eventually making their way.
They race.
Where Mulder is about to be axed.
Scully attacks him.
Skinner breaks up the medical procedure before the young woman is beheaded.
Later  Mulder is at home.
When Scully tells him Father Joe has died.
It happened.
Scully disconnected the life support.
Somehow  he surmises  the two men s fates were linked.
Scully remains troubled  Do nt give up  and expresses doubts about Christian s surgery  due to the words of a molesting priest.
Mulder comforts her  suggesting.
They can leave -- and get as far away.
However  Scully pauses a moment  turns and sees three nuns  and then forges ahead.
When the moment comes.
Mulder and Scully are seen rowing towards a tropical island  wearing swimsuits  and waving to a helicopter hovering overhead.
<EOS>
Carol is a young woman recovering.
Not the first.
She has just inherited Midnight  an abandoned nightclub.
Was previously owned.
She moves out and starts renovating it in hopes of re-opening it one day soon.
However  she quickly finds out.
Things are not as they seem as she discovers a secret section.
Carol becomes a victim at the hands of three burglars.
Who break.
The police have a hard time believing.
What she s telling them is the truth.
She makes a friend.
Who claims to have been sent in to investigate the break-in and who seems to believe her story.
However  Sharpe is later revealed to be an impostor.
Who was previously imprisoned.
<EOS>
Raja  a native  is a.
Tragedy strike his life.
When his father loses his hand when a doctor operates on him.
His father is gagged.
Expected. 
They assault him.
His father gets a promise.
He would make his three brothers.
He falls.
Raja realises his mission.
The trio gang up.
Who rises to become a Minister.
It is up to end their atrocities and teach them a lesson.
Raja comes across young women and sings foot-tapping romantic duets with them.
<EOS>
Harikrishan is the youngest son.
His brothers Jayakrishnan and Gopikrishan are not as handsome.
He wants to earn a good living and so sets forth as manager of a courier company.
Hari sees a young Tamil woman named Pavizham.
Who is being forced.
The two fall.
Hari is afraid  so he keeps Pavizham undercover as a maid in his home.
Whether or not his parents would agree.
His parents realize and decide to dismiss her.
When Hari goes away.
Pavizham is pregnant.
He is forced to reveal.
When Hari returns home.
Pavizham is his wife.
Hari s mother   scolds Hari -- she and her husband express their willingness to accept Pavizham as their.
Who likes Pavizham.
<EOS>
Four Navy recruits fresh spend.
A weekend pass together before shipping out for further training.
<EOS>
Two sisters fall in love with the same man.
The man writes a letter proposing marriage.
Drunk. 
<EOS>
The film centers.
Who comes with a malevolent entity.
The invisible - yet corporeal - being  called.
A horla is capable.
Cordier first interacts.
When he meets a prisoner whom the horla drove to commit murder.
The horla possesses the inmate and attempts to kill Cordier.
Who kills the man.
The magistrate inherits the prisoner s troubles.
The horla turns its hauntings.
He fears and seeks help.
The horla begins to destroy Cordier s life.
He is going mad.
Who effectively suggests a hobby.
Cordier chooses to pick up his old interest  meeting a model along the way.
The horla insists  and compels Cordier to treat her as such.
The model is not the charming jewel that Cordier sees  but instead a conniving gold digger.
This sets up a conflict.
He might not be the astute judge that his title indicates.
He becomes convinced and decides.
His and others  lives are put.
Drastic measures are needed to end the horla s evil.
<EOS>
U.
S Marshal Mike Donovan has dark memories.
He keeps peace and the natives and took care of him.
Who had temporarily adopted.
The evil actions lead him to confront the villain in the Sacred Mountains  and  through shamanic rituals involving native entheogens  conquer his fears and uncover a suppressed memory he would much rather deny.
<EOS>
Handsome Davis sees it.
Other kids spend countless hours studying.
That s.
Handsome and his three best friends Sammy  Victor and the cribsheet genius Applebee have banded together and found ways to cheat all through their school years.
Everything had been going along smoothly.
The gang entered their final year.
The stakes were upped.
Stark will make a note and possibly kill their chances of getting into college.
They get caught cheating again.
But can Handsome convince his pals to pull off one last  great cheat and outsmarting Stark and the system .
If it means possibly destroying their friendships.
<EOS>
Shekharan is a farmer.
He lives.
Shekharan is a hardworker and has time.
He progressively build up his assets and is saving money.
An old man comes.
The old man tells him.
Shekharan is part.
He invites Shekharan to visit the family.
Shekharan goes and visits his distant cousins.
Who are all well placed and affluent.
Shekharan learns.
The boons are from the spiritual accomplishments of the great great grandfather.
Shekharan returns home and loses interest.
He gets.
Builds a small temple and starts worshipping the great grandfather.
An irresponsible husband and father  his wife is forced to take.
He turns to be.
<EOS>
Julie and Sarah are friends.
Julie s mother is a landlady and takes.
Soon Julie is pregnant.
Where Julie is a successful businesswoman.
She and Ian run an hotel and inn.
Sarah  meanwhile  has graduated and is now a book editor in London.
Julie discovers Ian is having an affair  literally walking in on them.
Julie tells him.
When Ian returns home.
He has nt had enough to drink.
Something horroble has evidently happened  There is blood everywhere  a knife crashed into a statue in the drive.
Unable to account  he is found guilty of manslaughter and sent to prison for 14 years.
Sarah has heard for the trial  but  marries and has children.
The memories fade she leaves the past behind.
She finds out.
Julie is still alive and living.
Julie passes.
Chronicles what has happened in the past ten years.
The book is published and becomes a literary sensation.
Sarah s assistant is killed and run soon after learning of Julie s true identity  but not before posting a copy of the book to Ian.
Who is soon to be released.
Ian confronts Julie  intent on killing her  he believes.
He is released.
Double jeopardy will keep him out  as he has already been found guilty of killing his wife and can not be tried twice for the same crime.
He puts the guns down  only to pick them up.
When a member tells him that this is incorrect.
They then shoot each other dead.
Sarah returns  aware of the possibility.
The police will eventually work out her part.
A police car drives and stops.
The film ends.
<EOS>
The film opens.
Where a family are standing under a tree with bags over their heads and nooses around their necks.
An unseen figure saws a tree limb acting  sending the family up  strangling them.
A counterweight saw  and cuts it off.
Months later  true-crime novelist Ellison Oswalt moves.
Ellison uses the murders.
Supposedly  there were five members.
One went missing after the murders.
Ellison finds a box.
Contains a projector and several reels that are each labeled as if innocent home movies.
He watches the films  all depicting families murdered  including having their throats slit in bed  an arson  being drowned in their pool  being run over by a lawn mower and the hanging.
Opened the movie.
The drowning one proves especially disturbing.
He sees a dark figure.
Strange things begin happening around the house.
Ellison continues to observe the films  and discovers strange things  such as symbols painted near the murder scenes  and the demonic figure.
He eventually notices.
He calls a deputy to help him find the location.
The deputy refers him to a local professor  Jonas.
Whose expertise lies  to decipher the symbol in the films.
Jonas tells Ellison  killing the families and then taking the child to his own netherworld.
The symbols are that.
One night  Ellison hears the film projector running and goes up.
He finds five children watching one.
Bughuul suddenly appears unlike in any of the other films.
Ellison falls.
When Bughuul suddenly appears.
Having had enough  he burns the projector and the film and moves out.
He goes into the attic and finds the box containing the projector and film  completely unharmed.
However  there is a new item.
Ellison finds.
After each murder took place  the missing child would come onscreen  revealing them to be the murderers  and then disappear.
Ellison again chats.
Who sends him scans and explains that Bughuul supposedly lived in the images  which acted as portals between his realm and the mortal realm.
The deputy   calls again.
Whose repeated calls Ellison had been ignoring all day.
This time Ellison picks up.
The deputy informs him  each family had last lived.
He has discovered the link.
Where the previous murder had taken place.
The deputy continues  Ellison has put himself.
His family to continue the pattern.
Ellison begins feeling.
He looks and finds a mysterious liquid left behind  then notices the note  and loses consciousness.
Was. 
He finds himself  his wife and son bound and gagged in the same manner as the families in the Super 8 films.
Ashley walks in  carrying an axe and a Super 8 camera.
She then  using the axe  murders her family.
Paints the walls  with several childish images such as unicorns  cats and dogs.
She then goes and plays the film  revealing the children in the hallway.
She just took.
The children run away.
Bughuul s hands are covered from Ellison s coffee cup  implying.
It was his blood.
Bughuul picks up Ashley and walks.
The final shot shows the box in the attic of the Oswalt house  this time with a new canister.
Reads House Painting .
Suddenly  Bughuul appears  implying.
The viewers are his next victims.
<EOS>
A group spends the night in an old dark mansion as an initiation into a college sorority.
Is. 
What they do nt know.
The building is actually the headquarters  who are experimenting with turning humans into gorillas.
<EOS>
Alex  a 27-year-old Jewish drug dealer  plans to do his Aliyah and move for the chance of a better life.
Who lives.
Alex s desire to move is not so much grown out of Zionism  but.
Nothing holds him back  in spite of his recent encounter with a gentile girl  Jeanne.
<EOS>
Bob McGraw  Max  Gonzer  and Irwin  students  are volunteered to compete in a collegiate raft race.
They are recruited.
Who uses records as a means of blackmail to get them to compete.
You re not AT the bottom.
You ARE the bottom.
He even offers them degrees.
They re up.
Who   plan to cheat their way to the Winner s Circle.
Their adversaries also include the Washington Military Institute  disqualified.
Captain Braverman  the leader  has it in for McGraw.
He personally curtailed the attempts to sabotage the other rafts.
Also entered is a team.
Of whom ends up falling.
The dangerous rapids as well as Ivy s cheating end up disabling many rafts.
It is all down river adventure.
<EOS>
Race-car driver Gino Borgesa meets a ballerina  Nicole Laurent.
Whose pet poodle causes a crash.
She persuades an ex-lover to give Gino money.
They begin a romance.
Gino warns her that his racing comes first.
Gino is hired by a successful racing team managed by Maglio  but takes a chance on him at the urging of veteran driver Carlos Chavez.
Who is leery.
Nicole is troubled.
A crash seriously injures Gino.
Whose leg is not amputated only because Nicole persuades doctors not to perform the operation.
Gino begins taking painkillers as well as unnecessary risks.
He recovers.
His behavior  too  is out  causing him to insult Michel Caron  a young French driver.
Who admires him.
Nicole is offended.
The last straw comes.
When Gino relentlessly wins the final race  even after Maglio instructed him to let Carlos have one last victory.
Gino s stature in racing begins to fall.
He is alone.
He begs Nicole to return.
She is involved now.
A contrite Gino returns.
Where he willingly lets Michel speed.
<EOS>
Lulu is the mistress.
One day  she is delighted.
When an old patron Schigolch shows up.
However   she has Schigolch hide.
When Schon also arrives.
Schon breaks the news.
He is going to marry Charlotte von Zarnikow  the daughter.
Lulu tries to get him to change his mind.
He leaves.
When he discovers the disreputable-looking Schigolch.
Schigolch introduces Lulu.
Who wants her to join his new trapeze act.
The next day  Lulu goes to see her best friend Alwa.
Who happens to be Schon s son.
Schon is greatly displeased to see her  but comes up.
However  Schon makes the mistake.
Schon takes her to try to persuade her otherwise.
When Lulu refuses to perform.
She seduces him instead.
Charlotte finds them embracing.
A defeated Schon resigns himself.
He is disgusted to find Lulu playfully cavorting in the bedchamber.
The wedding reception is underway.
He gets his pistol and chases the interlopers out.
The shocked guests leave.
Lulu claims that Shigolch is her father.
Schon insists his new wife take the gun and shoot herself.
They are alone.
The gun goes off.
When Lulu refuses.
Schon is killed.
Lulu is sentenced to five years for manslaughter.
However  Schigolch and Quast trigger a fire alarm and spirit her away.
He confesses his feelings.
When Alwa finds her back.
They decide to flee the country.
Countess Augusta Geschwitzce Roberts  herself infatuated  lets the fugitive use her passport.
Lulu is recognized by another passenger  Marquis.
He offers to keep silent for money.
He also suggests a hiding place  a ship used.
However  Casti-Piani sells Lulu to an Egyptian for his brothel.
Quast blackmails Lulu.
Desperate  Alwa cheats at cards  but is caught at it.
Lulu turns.
He has Geschwitz lure Quast.
Where she murders him.
Then Schigolch  Lulu  and Alwa flee.
They end up living.
Lulu has the misfortune of picking a remorseful Jack the Ripper as her first client.
She likes him and invites him anyway.
He protests he has no money.
Schigolch drags Alwa away.
They are seen.
Jack is touched and secretly throws away his knife.
He spots another knife on the table and can not resist his urges.
Unaware  Alwa deserts her  joining a passing Salvation Army parade.
<EOS>
The story revolves.
They live with Sylvia Brown and Nana.
Sylvia is the niece.
Who leaves and does not return  leaving the girls to fend for themselves.
They have to sell some.
Order to clear rooms -- the friendly  learned Dr Jakes and Dr Smith  the helpful dance instructor Theo Danes  and handsome John Simpson.
The story eventually focuses.
Pauline has a talent and auditions for the role of Alice in Alice in Wonderland.
She allows her growing accomplishments to inflate her ego.
She begins acting rudely and bossing.
Finally  her pride and constant rule-breaking lead.
She tries film acting and finds it very difficult  exasperating the well-meaning director Mr Sholsky.
She is offered a contract from a studio in the United States  but only decides to go after realizing.
The extra money could benefit her family.
Posy thinks.
She begins attending a stage school.
Order to be taught ballet.
The ballet school s mistress  Madame Fidolia  is able to see instantly.
Posy possesses considerable talent and begins to teach her privately so that she may learn more advanced techniques.
Posy is more upset than in the welfare of her beloved teacher.
When Madame Fidolia suddenly suffers a stroke.
Deciding  she sneaks.
She can not give up.
She impresses him with her ability to dance and is offered a part in the company.
She is required to move.
Petrova is Russian.
She does not speak any Russian  having been brought up.
She wants to work.
Her biggest wish is to fly.
Pauline convinces her to join a stage production  Petrova later warns her sister to cease prolonging this ordeal.
Pauline and Posy promise to make their sister go down in history  and not themselves.
They already have achieved their dreams.
Petrova flies off in an airplane above the place of Sylvia s wedding with John Simpson.
When Gum has returned.
Whom Sylvia had fallen.
<EOS>
Promoter Ed Hatch comes.
Whom he pits.
Joe falls with her and wo nt fight  at least not.
Sadie s beau  Noah  shows up.
<EOS>
The film details.
The parents accept and deal with his sickness  Anjali s undeterred love for the optimistic Ajay who is on the verge of death.
<EOS>
Macreedy   steps off the Southern Pacific passenger train.
Who lacks the use.
It is the first time.
The train has stopped there.
Macreedy is looking.
The few residents are inexplicably hostile.
The young hotel desk clerk  Pete Wirth  claims.
He has no vacant rooms.
The newcomer is none-too-subtly threatened.
Reno Smith  the town s unofficial leader  informs Macreedy.
Komoko   was interned during World War II.
Certain that something is wrong  Macreedy sees the town sheriff  Tim Horn.
The alcoholic lawman is clearly afraid.
The veterinarian and undertaker  Doc Velie  advises Macreedy to leave town immediately.
Smith lets slip.
Komoko is dead.
Pete s sister  Liz  rents Macreedy a Jeep.
Macreedy drives.
Where Komoko lived.
He finds the homestead burned.
Coley Trimble tries to run him off the road.
Macreedy informs him.
When Smith later asks.
He lost the use.
Macreedy tells him he found wildflowers  leading him to suspect.
A body is buried.
Smith reveals  he tried to enlist the day  but was rejected.
He is virulently.
Macreedy tries to telephone the state police.
Pete refuses to put the call through.
Doc Velie admits.
Something terrible happened four years ago and that Smith has everyone too terrified to speak up.
Velie offers Macreedy his hearse to leave town.
It will not start.
Then Hector comes over and rips out the distributor cap and spark plug wires.
Macreedy dictates a telegram.
Trimble picks a fight.
Macreedy is having lunch.
Macreedy uses judo and karate to beat him up and knock him out.
Macreedy tells Smith  so he involved Hector  Pete  and Coley.
He knows Smith killed Komoko and that he was too cowardly to do it alone.
Macreedy heads  hoping.
Smith and his men wo nt dare attack him.
Smith and his henchmen are already there.
Hastings tries to give Smith a telegram.
Macreedy snatches it away and discovers.
It is his own unsent message.
Macreedy and Doc Velie demand.
Sheriff Horn do something.
However  Smith takes his badge and gives it.
When Horn tries to confront Smith.
Hector tears up the telegram.
Macreedy reveals.
Smith and Hector leave.
The loss had left him wallowing in.
Smith s attempt to kill him has given him strength again.
Macreedy finally learns.
What happened.
Komoko s son was a soldier serving and died in combat trying to save Macreedy.
Komoko leased some farmland.
Who was sure there was no water there.
However  Komoko dug a well deep enough to find water  and installed a windmill there.
Then decided to scare Komoko.
Smith was turned down after Pearl Harbor  he and the other men spent the day drinking.
The old man barricaded himself.
The men set the place.
Smith shot him.
When Komoko emerged ablaze.
Pete lures the watching Hector.
Where Doc Velie knocks him out.
Liz drives Macreedy out  but stops in a canyon.
Macreedy realizes.
He has been betrayed.
Macreedy shelters.
When Smith starts firing.
Liz rushes despite Macreedy s warning.
Smith tells her she has to die along.
He shoots her.
When she tries to run.
Macreedy finds a bottle and fills it  creating a Molotov cocktail.
Macreedy throws it  hitting the rock next and setting him on fire.
When Smith climbs down.
Macreedy drives up.
Velie and Horn rush out  they had mustered up enough courage.
The state police are called.
Doc Velie requests Komoko s medal to help Black Rock heal.
Macreedy is leaving.
Macreedy gives it just before boarding the train.
<EOS>
The film follows gangster Blizzard.
Whose legs were mistakenly amputated.
Driven insane  Blizzard becomes.
A crime lord.
He tracks down the doctor  and plots a twisted revenge -- kidnap the doctor s daughter s fiance.
Who performed his operation.
Graft his legs.
<EOS>
The film is set.
Catherine  a concert pianist  is surprised one night.
Whom she has nt seen.
Catherine and Max were students  and were the most promising pianists.
She wants to keep the child.
The adventurous Max gets pregnant.
Her domineering mother forces her to give him up.
The rebellious Max then leaves Quebec and the music world.
Now  years later  she returns  obsessed.
She locates the adoption records and social workers contact her son to ask.
He wants to see her.
He refuses.
She keeps trying.
They are reunited.
<EOS>
Marnie Watson is being driven home.
Shanks  a cop and the former partner escort her.
Who was also a cop.
Another officer arrives to fit Marnie s ankle bracelet.
They get inside.
The cop tells her -LCB- -LCB- convert -RCB-.
She can not move more than.
He also tells Marnie.
If the alarm sounds  the police will be notified.
Shanks informs Marnie.
If she attempts to remove her tag or transgresses the boundaries  she will be imprisoned.
Marnie argues  telling him.
If the police had taken her crime reports and hospital trips seriously  her husband would still be alive today.
Later that day  Marnie places all and places them in her basement.
Marnie is not alarmed.
Her ankle bracelet goes off.
The duration is less than three minutes.
She then paints on the wall.
They inform her  so she reads and speaks on the telephone to one of her friends.
When she calls the power company.
They can not make it.
Who is still incarcerated.
Later that night  she is.
It turns out to be a cat.
The next day  a delivery boy Joey arrives to deliver her groceries.
She tells him she needs him to come.
Later that night   her husband s face suddenly appears directly.
When Marnie is.
Frightened  she leaps up and flees.
Her husband s ghost  Mike  pushes her.
She sets the detector off.
She crawls.
Shanks arrives a short time later and finds her unconscious door.
She tells him she fell down the stairs.
He asks her.
Someone is beating her and then chastises her.
The next day  she cleans the bloodstain up again and becomes scared.
When the power company switches the power back on.
The cupboards begin to rattle.
She shouts.
When plates fly.
He had it coming.
He beat her.
Marnie s sister arrives.
It is clear.
They are estranged.
Her sister accuses Marnie.
Her sister explains.
Their mother kept thinking only.
Marnie accuses her sister and brusquely signs the inheritance papers.
Officially name Marnie.
Joey comes and discovers.
Marnie wears a tag.
She tells him.
Her husband used to beat her.
The beatings commenced.
When Mikey joined the police force.
Mikey got his police ` buddies  to investigate the matters.
When she filed a complaint.
This was.
No one knew that Marnie was a battered woman.
Joey tells Marnie.
He wants to be her friend and gives her his landline number as well as his cell phone number.
Marnie then asks him to get books.
Marnie reads a book and discovers.
It is necessary to remove all from the house.
She collects Mike s things  keeping in mind her three minute time limit.
Marnie becomes horrified.
When the lights go off.
He attacks her.
Shanks appears and says.
He heard screaming.
He tells her.
He will protect her.
She tells him.
He can not.
Shanks is convinced.
Marnie might not have killed her husband and is now being assaulted.
Shanks tells Marnie.
He read Mike s files and saw what Mikey did and apologizes.
Marnie drops her ring down the sink and reaches in to retrieve it.
Mike grabs her hand and pulls it.
She manages to get her hand out.
She realises.
His ghost is still present.
There must be something which is still in her house.
She finds a crawlspace under her bedroom floor.
She ventures and discovers a bag filled with money.
She invites a priest and donates the money to the church.
She asks him to bless her house.
He tells her.
He can not do it.
Mike seals up the house and throws furniture.
He leaves.
She escapes and phones Joey.
She tells him.
It is not necessary for him to see her.
Joey  however  arrives  she lets him in.
They have sex.
Mike watches them.
Joey does not see the ghost.
Marnie smiles tauntingly.
She and Joey have sex.
Mike appears and tortures Joey.
The more blood splattered  the more visible Mike becomes.
Becomes. 
Mike brutally breaks Joey s bones and throws him repeatedly.
He also hurls Marnie.
Marnie is distraught and does not know.
When Joey is killed.
What to do.
She decides to hide the body.
Her husband used to hide his dirty money.
Shanks arrives a few minutes late  demanding to search the house for Joey.
A warrant has been issued.
The ceiling keeps creaking.
Marnie is telling Shanks to leave after the house has been searched.
Shanks arrests Marnie.
When Joey s bloodied corpse falls to the hallway.
Mike then sends Marnie flying.
Shanks notices.
This and Mike attacks him too.
He tells Mike to stay away.
He also endeavours to appease the ghost.
They used to be partners.
Mike sets the house and throws them both into the basement.
Marnie tries to get Shanks up.
She then manages to remove her handcuffs as well as her ankle tag.
Marnie opens a window and escapes.
She then expresses concern.
Who is still.
Marnie climbs into the burning building and rescues Shanks.
Mikey s ghost pulls her back through the window.
The two struggle and then Marnie removes her ring and throws it.
The ghost catches it and goes  disintegrating in a ball of fire.
Marnie and Shanks both escape.
Shanks tells her to escape.
A crowd begin gathering.
Marnie is seen.
A passenger reads a USA Today paper whereby the headline proclaims she died.
<EOS>
Clara  works.
She is concerned.
Whom she is bringing up.
She has never spoken a single word.
Clara herself is illiterate.
She has always refused to learn to read and write.
Since her grandmother Baba  whom she adored  had been the victim when she was reading her a story.
Clara feels obliged to withdraw her  and to enrol her in a school for the deaf-mute  run by Vincent.
That the silence is causing her to be bullied by her peers.
Vincent  the principal  suggests giving his new pupil particular classes to teach her Sign Language  and so facilitate Anna s integration.
<EOS>
The film opens.
Miss Thorpe tells Lyla.
Her life has a similar beginning.
Gwen Rawlings was a teenage girl.
Who continually fell.
Gwen s first troubles began.
Who caught her borrowing a brooch.
She was fired.
Gwen had only borrowed it to use and had every intention of returning it.
He beat her.
When she arrived home and informed her father.
The next day Gwen packed her things and moved.
There  she met Jimmy  a sharp-dressed man.
Who immediately took a liking.
Jimmy found her a job.
Where she was employed.
She met Red  a bandmember.
Working. 
Who felt the need to look.
Jimmy attempted to pursue Gwen but was rejected.
He grew extremely angry and later beat her.
Max Vine  his employer  discovered Jimmy s crime and fired him.
Angry   began to plot to set her up.
Who he felt had lost him his job.
Jimmy stole their landlady s jewellery and told Gwen to pawn it.
Believing  Gwen followed his instructions.
The jewelry belonged.
Later.
Max had been attacked.
Red permitted her a night s stay but insisted.
She leave the following day as it was unsuitable to live with him.
However  the police soon found.
Gwen and she was sent where she was accused of having stolen jewelry.
Miss Thorpe presided over the hearing and decided to sentence her.
Gwen runs away and finds Max.
Who has opened another club.
Max is reluctant to take her back but due  he gives her a job.
Gwen soon becomes close.
One drunken night both are out a.
When they accidentally hit and kill a police officer.
Danny Martin forbids anyone.
However   Gwen flees.
Danny is questioned.
Danny later finds Gwen and beats her.
Gwen is found and helped.
Who are AWOL.
They decide to band together and become robbers.
They decide to head to Manchester.
Gwen realizes.
They flag down a car to steal.
The driver is Red.
They shoot Red dead.
When her companions realize the two recognize each other.
All three are eventually caught.
Gwen is currently serving fifteen years.
Lyla thanks Miss Thorpe and decides to head home.
<EOS>
Maj.
Siddhant Chaudhary and Maj.
Akash Kapoor are lawyers and are close friends.
They are.
Where a soldier kills his commanding officer.
The accused is mysteriously silent and not willing to talk.
Siddhant   is apathetic but starts taking a keen interest in the case after meeting Kavya  a journalist.
Who is the defense counsel.
Who demonstrates that the case is not as simple as it seems.
The underlying theme is Siddhant s gradual understanding of  and the resulting conflict with Brigadier Rudra Pratap Singh.
What Shaurya means.
<EOS>
After the establishment of diplomat relation between the People s Republic of China and the United States  Zhou Jun  the daughter of a retired Kuomintang general  Zhou Zhenwu   visits mainland China for sightseeing.
Who now lives.
She meets Geng Hua  a young man.
Who is preparing his college entrance exams.
They fall.
Geng s father  a CPC officer  is now by Gang of Four.
The junior Geng is accompanying his unwell mother.
Geng is summoned for interrogation.
Zhou returns with regrets.
Zhou  still keeping her feelings for Geng in her heart  visited Lu Mountain again.
Now a postgraduate student  happens to come to Mount Lu for academic colloquium.
Geng.
Fortunately  these two reunite and decide to marry each other.
Geng Hua asks his father  Geng Feng   and shows him the photo of Miss Zhou s family.
The senior Geng recognizes.
The girl s father  Zhou Zhenwu  was his classmate back.
They became the rivals during Chinese Civil War.
They followed different political parties.
Thus  he immediately rejects this marriage.
The two seniors  both with the intention of reunification of China  meet on Mount Lu.
The hostility is thawed.
They become relatives.
When the junior Zhou and Geng finally get together.
<EOS>
Christopher Walken portrays Harry Nash  a hardware store clerk.
Who has achieved a degree due to his powerful performances in community theater.
Yet  Harry retreats.
When. 
The story is set.
When Helene Walsh  a woman intending to stay  is talked into auditioning for the role of Stella  opposite Harry s Stanley Kowalski in a production of A Streetcar Named Desire.
Ignoring warnings  Helene falls in love with Harry s Stanley persona  and mistakes his cluelessness and shyness for rejection.
This results.
Helene bounces back  due to an inspiration  her closing-night gift to Harry is a copy of Romeo and Juliet.
Harry and Helene find.
They can pursue a relationship.
The story ends.
<EOS>
The city council is forced to find somewhere to move them.
When it emerges that the Flodder family s current state-owned house is.
Social worker  Sjakie  proposes to move the family.
The change will have a positive effect on the problematic family.
However the family fails to adapt and persists.
Clashes. 
This results.
The town council  being aware.
The family is causing.
Sjakie keeps insisting that the family should be given another chance.
Johnny starts a relationship with neighbour Yolanda Kruisman  much to the fury of her husband.
This culminates.
To get rid.
Johnny and Yolanda walk.
They decide to throw a party.
Where everyone is invited.
Meanwhile the town council finds a suitable alternative house.
Ma Flodder discovers.
She has inherited a large sum from Opa Flodder who recently died in a train accident.
She decides to buy the house.
Which they are living.
The climax is the engagement party   the people from the neighbourhood however have a great time and finally start to appreciate the family.
Is attended and quickly gets out of hand.
They are.
Yolanda s husband goes to the army base.
Where he works and takes one.
He destroys the house of the Flodders.
Who take it.
<EOS>
Professor Shukichi Somiya  a widower  has only one child  a twenty-seven-year-old unmarried daughter  Noriko.
Who takes care and the everyday needs -- cooking  cleaning  mending  etc.
-- of her father.
Noriko encounters one of her father s friends  Professor Jo Onodera.
Who lives.
They go together.
Noriko knows.
Onodera  who had been a widower  has recently remarried.
She tells him.
She finds the very idea.
Onodera  and later her father  tease her.
Shukichi s sister  Aunt Masa  convinces him.
It is high time his daughter got married.
Noriko is friendly.
Aunt Masa suggests.
He ask Noriko if she might be interested.
However  Noriko laughs  Hattori already has been engaged.
When he does bring up the subject.
Undaunted  Masa tries to serve.
She pressures Noriko to meet  a Tokyo University graduate named Satake.
Who  Masa believes  bears a strong resemblance.
Noriko declines  explaining would leave her father alone and helpless.
She does nt wish to marry anyone  because to do so.
Masa surprises Noriko.
She is also trying to arrange a match.
Shukichi would have someone other to care for him.
Masa succeeds.
The latter smilingly greets Mrs Miwa.
Triggers Noriko s jealousy.
He tells her.
When her father later tries to talk her.
He intends to marry Mrs Miwa.
Devastated  Noriko reluctantly decides to meet the young man and   gains a very favorable impression of him.
Shaken  Noriko consents to the arranged marriage with Satake.
The Somiyas go.
Where they meet Prof.
Onodera and his family.
Noriko changes her opinion.
When she discovers that his new wife is a nice person.
Noriko asks her father - she is very happy living.
Packing their luggage.
They ca nt simply stay as they are now  even if he does remarry.
Marriage certainly would nt make her any happier.
Shukichi admonishes her  saying.
She must embrace the new life she will build.
Noriko asks her father s forgiveness and agrees to go ahead with the marriage.
Noriko s wedding day arrives.
Both Shukichi and Masa admire Noriko.
Who is dressed.
Noriko thanks her father.
He has taken throughout her life.
Afterwards  Aya  a divorced friend  goes with Shukichi to a bar   he had never intended to remarry at all.
Where he confesses that his claim that he was going to marry Mrs Miwa was a ruse all along.
He had said so only to help persuade Noriko to get married herself.
Aya  touched  promises to visit him often.
Shukichi returns home and faces the quiet night all alone.
<EOS>
The film opens  a Hindu heaven located above the clouds   the elephant headed god of good beginnings.
Where we witness the birth as the daughter of Ganesha.
His two wives Riddhi and Siddhi.
A key role is played.
Who regularly intervenes to advance the film s two parallel plots  which concern both human beings and gods.
We soon meet the maiden Satyavati  Santoshi Ma s greatest earthly devotee  leading a group to the goddess.
This first song  Main To Arti Utaru  I perform Mother Santoshi s arti  exemplifies the experience of darshan -- of seeing and being seen by a deity in the reciprocal act of visual communion.
Is central.
Satyavati soon meets  falls in love with  and manages to marry the handsome lad Birju  youngest of seven brothers in a prosperous farm family  an artistic flute-playing type.
Who can also render a zippy bhajan.
Alas   Durga and Maya are jealous shrews and Satyavati from the beginning.
Who have it.
To make matters worse  Narada stirs up the jealousy.
They decide to examine her perseverance worship.
Birju leaves home to seek his fortune  narrowly escaping a watery grave through his wife s devotion to Santoshi Ma.
Nevertheless  the divine ladies convince his family  adding the stigma to Satyavati s other woes.
He is indeed dead.
Her sisters-in-law treat her  beat and starve her.
A local rogue attempts to rape her  Santoshi Ma  taking a human form  rescues her several times.
Eventually Satyavati is driven to attempt suicide  but is stopped.
Who tells her.
Satyavati completes it  for the now-prosperous Birju  stricken with amnesia by the angry goddesses and living in a distant place  has fallen in love with a rich merchant s daughter.
He gets his memory back and returns home laden with wealth.
He builds a palatial home  complete with an in-house temple to the Mother.
When he discovers the awful treatment.
Satyavati plans a grand ceremony and invites her.
But the nasty celestials and sadistic sisters-in-law make a last-ditch effort to ruin her.
All hell breaks loose -- civil war --  on earth.
Peace is finally restored.
It is.
A new deity is triumphantly welcomed.
<EOS>
Society girl becomes a social secretary.
When her father dies penniless.
<EOS>
Barbara Carlin attends her own funeral and suspects.
Her husband  Rod Carlin  had tried to do away.
She s also curious.
Who was the woman buried.
<EOS>
The grandmother wants him to find a job.
He tries many  but is always fired soon.
Finally he gets a job.
He points out that they inherited this company together.
Ivedik happens to wear a jacket.
When Japanese business relations   refuse to sign a contract.
The Japanese are a member  which makes them think he is the boss of that organisation.
This makes his cousin very satisfied.
Ivedik s grandmother also wants him to get married.
He tries to find a woman.
They do not succeed.
Kerem helps Ivedik.
Where they pretend they are.
Ivedik s grandmother dies.
He inherits a chest.
Only contains a photograph.
<EOS>
A small group of Allied soldiers and airmen stationed on Java are being bombed by Japanese aircraft daily.
Who volunteer to fly a dangerous mission  the Dutch commander.
Eichel asks the other pilots to tell him.
The flight progresses.
It is apparent.
They recount his rise.
His involvement  has led to attempts to redeem himself  especially for Freddie  his long-time love.
His mission is.
<EOS>
Albert s wishes  young Virginie marries dentist Herve Dandieu.
All passion has disappeared.
Herve leaves the house for a drink at a club.
There  he is seduced.
Unbeknownst  Anita is a scam artist.
Who has sent her boyfriend Leon to photograph her.
Leon is able to take some pictures.
Herve eventually decides to stay faithful.
Herve refuses to give to blackmail him.
She calls him one night.
Virginie and Albert overhear the conversation.
Which Virginie concludes that her husband is having an affair.
The next day  she follows him.
She spots Anita s murdered body next.
When looking.
Who is holding a gun.
Herve convinces her.
He is not guilty.
They flee the place through the back door.
They are noticed.
To prove her husband s innocence  she charms Anita s husband Flores.
Virginie catches Leon stealing money and overhears a conversation between Leon and his mistress Daisy.
Going. 
Who plan.
Virginie is convinced.
She has found the murderer.
This man is Gerard Lalemand.
She decides to contact Gerard herself.
The detectives do not believe her.
She talks over the phone and arranges a meeting.
She locates his residence.
When he fails to show up.
Where she is told that Mr Lalemand has been dead.
Virginie realizes.
She has been talking.
Meanwhile  Leon has been arrested.
He admits.
He is the mysterious person who left the studio on the night of the murder  but claims that Herve is the guilty one.
Albert proves his innocence to the detectives.
Virginie believes.
She has tracked Lalemand down.
She realizes.
The man is not Lalemand.
She leaves soon afterwards to return.
There  she finds out.
The real Lalemand is an acquaintance  who have given a false statement when Lalemand was still a suspect.
Virginie is told.
Anita was Lelemand s father s mistress and that she had permission to profit while she was still alive.
Therefore  Lelemand has sent his boyfriend Daniel to kill Anita.
Herve s innocence is proven.
He gratefully kisses his wife.
<EOS>
Set in 1919  biopic centers on the life of late Italian artist Amedeo Modigliani  focusing on his last days as well as his rivalry with Pablo Picasso.
Modigliani  a Jew  has fallen with Jeanne  a young and beautiful Catholic girl.
The couple has an illegitimate child.
Jeanne s bigoted father sends the baby to be raised by nuns.
Modigliani is distraught and needs money to rescue and raise his child.
The answer arrives.
Prize money and a guaranteed career await the winner.
Neither Modigliani  nor his dearest friend and rival Picasso have ever entered the competition  believing.
It is.
But push comes to shove on the line.
Modigliani signs up.
Picasso follows suit.
All is aflutter with excitement at.
Who will win.
Modigliani tackles this work with the hopes of creating a masterpiece  and knows.
All the artists are doing the same.
Once completed it.
He calls his dearest friend to take the painting and to make sure no one touches.
Modigliani is.
His friend is taking the painting.
He decides to celebrate with a one drink.
Unfortunately his drinking habit made.
Him drink a couple more than expected.
The competition was going to start.
He leaves.
When he realizes he is late.
Two guys follow him and assault him.
Work. 
They found no money they left him.
He was nt able to celebrate his victory.
Jeanne took care.
When he arrived home.
Then his artist friends came and took him.
He dies later on.
Jeanne commits suicide.
<EOS>
The film is centered.
Who wander the Melbourne streets.
Their mothers await their return home.
<EOS>
Thorne Sherman and his first mate Griswold deliver supplies.
The group  consisting  meet the captain and his first mate and advise them to stay with them in a house.
A hurricane is approaching.
Thorne goes.
Griswold stays.
A doctor works to make humans.
This  apparently  will reduce world hunger.
Smaller humans would presumably eat less.
Unfortunately  his experiments have also created some giant  venomous shrews.
Thorne and Ann begin to fall.
Angers Jerry.
They eat Griswold and close  ultimately breaking in through the basement.
The shrews run out.
It is discovered.
The shrews have a poisonous bite  as a small single bite is enough to kill Mario.
The poison kills Radford.
The shrews force the group to escape to Thorne s boat.
They do this.
Crawl lashed inside them.
Jerry is killed.
He changes his mind and chases.
The rest manage a successful escape to the boat.
<EOS>
The OLeary family are travelling to start a new life.
When Patrick OLeary tries to race a steam train.
He is killed.
When his horses bolt.
His wife Molly and their three boys are left to survive.
She agrees to prove her skills as a laundress.
When a woman s dress is accidentally spattered.
She quickly proves herself and builds up a laundry business.
Her sons are educated.
One  Jack  becomes a reforming lawyer.
Another  Dion  is involved.
Mrs OLeary discovers a drawing  apparently created.
Washing a sheet.
Her sons realise.
It reveals that he has a plan to run a tramline that he and his cronies intend to buy up cheaply.
Dion becomes enamoured.
Who works.
They become lovers.
Meanwhile Bob  the youngest OLeary son   is.
Who helps his mother.
They meet.
Mrs OLeary approves  but expresses disdain for the loose-living Belle.
Dion and Belle bribe the local politicians to set up a saloon.
Where the tramline will pass.
Dion makes a deal to support Warren s political career and carve up business.
However  Dion s dishonest practices lead with his brother Jack.
When one is arrested for multiple voting.
Dion later decides to support his brother rather than Warren  convinced and reign-in Jack s reformist zeal.
He can cut out Warren altogether.
He is increasingly attracted  leading to conflicts with Belle.
Bob and Gretchen marry and have a baby.
A fight breaks out  arranged by Dion.
All Warren s election workers are arrested.
Jack is elected mayor.
He soon announces a campaign  targeting his brother s fiefdom in the Patch.
He intends to demolish.
Belle and Dion separate.
When Jack asks her to support him.
Dion asks her to marry him  making her testimony inadmissible.
When he realises Belle might testify.
Jack marries the couple  but knocks Dion out in a fist fight.
Soon he realises he has been deceived.
Mrs OLeary is told while helping Daisy s calf to suckle.
She leaves a lamp in the barn.
Daisy knocks it over.
A fire breaks out.
Soon the whole is on fire.
Dion  Warren and their cronies are convinced.
Jack has set the fire.
Warren s men look  seeking revenge.
Advised  Jack plans to create a firebreak by dynamiting buildings to stop the fire reaching the gasworks.
Warren s gang try to stop him.
He rushes.
When Dion learns how the fire really started.
Jack and Dion fight off the gang and set off the dynamite.
Jack is shot and then killed by a falling building.
Warren attempts to flee but is trampled by stampeding cattle.
Dion and Bob help to save Gretchen and the baby.
Belle rescues Mrs OLeary.
They all manage to escape.
Belle and Dion are reconciled.
Mrs OLeary predicts that the city will be rebuilt and flourish.
<EOS>
The film follows the lives of six characters  a shoemaker and his customer  a cabbie and his passenger  and a dyslexic director and his date.
A nervous real-estate broker takes a ride with an over-enunciating cab driver.
Who supports herself.
<EOS>
Mr Topaze is an unassuming school teacher.
Who is honest.
He is fired.
When he refuses to give a passing grade  the grandson of a wealthy Baroness.
Castel Benac  a government official  is persuaded to hire Mr Topaze as the front man for his business.
Who runs a crooked financial business.
Gradually  Topaze becomes a rapacious financier and acquires Suzy.
Who sacrifices his honesty and  in a final stroke of business bravado  fires Benac.
An old friend and colleague  Tamise questions him and tells Topaze that.
Practices indicates.
There are no more honest men.
<EOS>
The Plot is by the name of Harmony   she escapes the inevitable torment to find safety in a nearby cave.
Her village is attacked and plundered.
Where she finds a wounded survivor.
She eventually agrees to travel to find food and shelter.
Eventually   they get caught.
They are traveling.
He takes them.
Where he ties Anderson and tries to attack Harmony after she tries to escape.
Harmony kills Dempster and goes hysterical and threatens to leave Anderson to die.
He convinces her to let him go and help her  the whereabouts is unknown by Anderson and Harmony.
Order to get.
They take Dempster s motorcycle and ride.
The gas tank gets empty.
They notice a traveling group.
They stop.
They begin.
They come where a group of criminally insane  disease-infested cannibals who offer them what they call deer meat.
Harmony asks to use the outhouse.
Where she finds a bunch and almost gets attacked and raped by one of the cannibals.
She warns Anderson  she then throws her bowl of food at the cannibal and ties him up.
When she arrives back.
Again  Harmony senses  so Anderson and Harmony hide in some bushes.
The other two cannibals are following them.
Harmony then sneaks away and gets found.
Where they have a brief scuffle ending.
Harmony sneaks back up and scares him as a gag  he becomes enraged.
They begin to argue.
They again journey onward.
They talk again and then are ambushed.
It is revealed.
They have the Plague.
Anderson and Harmony begin to argue.
The fight is over.
They continue their journey.
They should camp out soon  Harmony then notices creeps stalking.
They then decide to find high ground to spend the night.
Anderson rolls over onto Harmony.
He is asleep.
Harmony becomes terrified  impulsively grabbing her knife.
He rolls back over to sleep.
She becomes restful.
A loud bang and a screeching rumbling noise awake Harmony and Anderson into a surprise.
They sneak to find out.
Raiders are attacking a nearby village.
Anderson then recognizes Purvis  one  standing on a hilltop with other officers.
The villagers try to repel the murderous raiders on a catwalk.
Where a gunfight is taking place.
Many die in battle   then the stampede of motorcycling raiders swarm the interior of the village.
The raiders break by exploding the wooden fence.
Anderson and Harmony attempt to sneak and take their motorcycles to escape in a rush.
Anderson and Harmony attack an injured biker and steal his motorcycle.
The raiders are.
They bludgeon him.
They see and are.
Anderson and Harmony are riding away.
A group have rendezvous with them.
Anderson attempts to escape into a small downhill valley  with Purvis and his raiders following them.
Anderson parks the bike and shoots one  Purvis figures a plan and orders his other two men to capture the duo.
Anderson and Harmony started to escape uphill.
Order to stall the raiders.
The raiders decide to leave.
Harmony looks on and notices.
They are driving away.
She is bing stalked.
Anderson comes to check his gas fuelage.
He is captured.
Anderson attempts to joke and stall him.
Harmony comes to rescue him.
She sneaks behind him and holds him up.
They leave him.
A rattle snake climbs.
They notice a man stuck on a rock being stalked by simple canine dogs.
Anderson shoots and scares the dogs off for the traveler to get down.
The traveler  Orland  and his puppy then get accompanied for a certain distance.
Anderson and Harmony then leave Orland and his puppy on a hilltop.
Anderson and Harmony get captured.
They are riding away.
Orland witnesses it.
He follows the truck.
They were taken.
Anderson and Harmony are taken.
Is. 
Slater examines Harmony  he tries to coerce her with riches and sex at his cave.
She just spits.
She then escapes free and grabs a nearby lead pipe and fights.
Who is still held captive.
Prostitutes look on.
She tries to fend them off.
They advance and rip some of her clothing off and bring her to Slater.
Purvis comes back and threatens Anderson.
Slater pushed Purvis down and orders to take Anderson and Harmony  then he stares at Purvis  whilst on the ground.
Meanwhile  Orland and his puppy are still traveling.
Took Anderson and Harmony away when they were captured.
Orland abandons his bike and leaves his puppy.
He runs up to find the raiders.
He comes and sees the raiders  outpost with a lookout tower and a gas tanker.
Orland turns back to realize  he falls.
He ca nt find his puppy  while he is searching.
He finds his puppy and also a group.
Who attack him.
What his fate becomes.
Returning  captured and chained to a rock wall over a campfire.
Purvis and a group of raiders comes in to announce the time of Anderson s sacrifice.
They unchain them both and bring them.
Harmony is then taken to be chained again over a roasting fire.
Orland jumps into the cave and spreads fire and flames on anything with a flamethrower.
Anderson escapes and attacks Slater.
Who eventually runs and hides while Anderson steals a gun from one of the raiders and helps Orland kills the rest of the raiders.
The three escape through a secret door.
Purvis and a battalion follow behind them through the fire.
The three come to a secluded spot in the cave.
Orland explains their understandings.
The cloaked midgets lead Anderson  Harmony  and Orland   an all out battle begins between the raiders and the trio of survivors.
Where they begin to shoot.
The three escape.
Purvis looks  until Orland discovers their oil tank and begins to light it on fie until it explodes as they make an escape.
The trio shoot.
All the raiders  fuel preserves and eventually escape.
Purvis and his raiders emerge  he leads them on the way to find the trio of survivors.
Orland finds one and hotwires it and lets the three of them escape in the truck.
Purvis orders his men.
To follow them.
The bikers follow the trio.
They drive down the road and shoot.
The trio come and notice the midgets helping them keep the raiders at bay.
The trio makes it  preventing Purvis and his raiders from trekking across the bridge.
Finally  Orland decides to depart and return to his midget friends and his puppy.
He hears a screaching noise  revealing to be Slater  back.
Orland runs away.
Anderson and Harmony look back to see  his only reply  Oh  shit.
What is wrong  only to find out that Slater is again.
<EOS>
The film opens.
She is seen struggling.
She manages to stumble.
The occupants  learning  make preparations.
The pregnant woman is about to go.
The unnamed woman gives birth to a baby boy  with the assistance of a midwife  known as Mrs Corney.
The woman  barely able to speak  asks to see her son.
She smiles weakly and kisses the baby s forehead.
When he is given.
She collapses and dies.
Witnessing the woman s birth is Mr Bumble  a hard-nosed man.
He gives the boy the name Oliver Twist.
Oliver lives a hard life of endless labour and schooling  with only a bowl of gruel for supper.
Bumble sits.
Oliver  in a gesture of compassion  offers the lad his own  then goes up to Bumble and asks for more  unaware of the consequences.
His request angers Bumble.
Who hires him out to work.
Sowerberry exploits Oliver s pathetic features.
Who are.
Oliver s situation is not much different.
He is given a workbench to sleep on and scraps that Sowerberry s dogs refuse to eat.
Oliver also becomes the object.
Claypole  a teenager  has been assigned to supervise Oliver.
He gives Oliver harsh tasks and becomes further resentful.
When Sowerberry decides to use Oliver for silent mourner duties.
Claypole taunts Oliver one day  making fun.
The remark angers Oliver.
Who delivers a surprisingly powerful blow  breaking his nose.
Sowerberry rushes.
What caused the fracas  takes Claypole s side and tells Oliver he will be returned.
Oliver waits.
He roams the streets that evening.
He arrives  where he is met by the Artful Dodger.
Aware  the Artful Dodger offers Oliver lodgings from his benefactor.
He too is an orphan.
Oliver agrees  unaware.
What he has got himself.
Oliver is now part.
Are Bill Sikes  a drunk  and Nancy  an attractive young woman often used for sexual favors  and frequently abused by Bill.
Who oversees the orphan thieves.
She takes a liking and tries to help him.
She is eventually viciously murdered by Bill.
Oliver is made aware.
When he is expected to work.
Sikes forces Oliver to help him burglarize a home.
The boy is shot.
An elderly man  Mr Brownlow  along Rose Maylie and housekeeper  Mrs Bedwin  take pity upon him and nurse the boy back to health.
He finds.
Mr Brownlow and Mrs Bedwin notice a close resemblance and a lady s portrait on the wall  leading them to eventually discovering the boy s true identity.
Is the obsession of one man bent on destroying Oliver and his reputation  even going so far as to try to have him murdered.
Monks   has learned.
Who has a distinguishing red birthmark.
Although he and Oliver are born  they are of the same father.
Monks learns.
Their father has disinherited him  though he inherited what should have been Oliver s inheritance after his mother s death.
He also has aspirations.
Monks is legitimate.
His inheritance would provide.
Thus  he also sees the relationship as socially scandalous.
His efforts prove unsuccessful  however.
An angry mob descends.
When Nancy s body is discovered.
Filthy Jew.
Fagin rails.
He is led away.
Brownlow is revealed to be a friend.
Monks  real name is revealed to be Edward Leeford.
Philip s marriage had been an unhappy one.
Having separated  Philip moved to the country  revealed to have been named Agnes Fleming.
Where he met and fell with Oliver s mother.
Leeford never told Agnes  nor did she tell him.
When she became pregnant.
He left to ask Edward s mother for a divorce  but died.
He could marry Agnes.
He could do so.
Already having had a premonition  Leeford wrote a will.
He was going to die.
Which he left a small inheritance  but the rest to Agnes.
Feeling abandoned and ashamed  Agnes ran away and disappeared  leading up at the beginning of the film.
Leeford left both the will and a portrait.
He went.
He had painted with Brownlow.
Brownlow does some investigative work to bring justice to his friend s young son.
He learns  and also learns of Bumble s theft of workhouse funds for his own benefit  money.
Has been intended to properly feed and clothe the orphans.
Bumble immediately blames his wife  Mrs Mann to love Oliver.
He does the other orphans.
Mrs Bumble had stolen.
He will be going.
Then  not fooled  Brownlow informs him.
A husband is accountable for his wife s misdeeds  prompting Bumble s famous reply If that s the eye of the law  then the law is a ass.
Brownlow then tells Bumble.
He will use his influence to see that he and his wife lose their workhouse jobs and may even face criminal charges.
The film ends  but now has a true identity of his own.
He is no longer a foundling.
Everyone then climbs.
They make the journey back.
<EOS>
Sivan is a medical college student better known as ` Sultan.
He was considered.
He and his four childhood close friends forms a gang.
They become quite popular.
Sivan is with Nishitha.
Who is also a student.
Their love has been accepted.
They have been engaged to marry.
Things take a turn.
When Sivan s pet-name Sultan puts him.
<EOS>
Zeus  Poseidon  and Hades betrayed their parents  the Titans  and banished them with the help of the Kraken.
The gods divided the Universe  Zeus took the skies  Poseidon took the seas.
Hades  tricked  was left with the Underworld.
The gods created the mortals   however   mortals began to question them.
Whose faith assured their immortality.
Time passed.
Years later  Perseus is fishing.
When they witness soldiers destroying a statue of Zeus.
The gods  infuriated  unleash the Furies - flying beasts.
Who pursue mortal sinners.
The furies attack the soldiers and destroy the fishing vessel.
Only Perseus survives and is found from Argos.
Perseus is brought.
Who are celebrating the campaign.
Queen Cassiopeia brashly compares her daughter Princess Andromeda and boasts.
She is more beautiful.
The revelry is cut short.
Who has been given leave to punish the mortals for their defiance.
Hades states.
He will unleash the Kraken unless Andromeda is offered as a sacrifice.
He reveals.
Perseus is a demigod  the son.
Perseus meets Io.
Who tells him.
Io also reveals.
She was cursed after she refused Poseidon s advances and has watched over Perseus his entire life.
She has always protected him.
He is the only one who can defeat the gods.
Perseus is asked to lead the King s Guard to visit the Stygian Witches.
Order to discover a way to kill the Kraken.
Wishing to avenge the death  Perseus accepts.
Zeus is convinced to give Perseus a chance and presents him with an enchanted sword forged on Mt.
Olympus and a winged horse named Pegasus.
Perseus refuses both gifts.
Draco puts the sword.
Shortly thereafter  they are attacked.
Draco severs Calibos s hand causing Calibos to flee.
The band gives chase but is attacked.
They are saved  a band of non-human desert sorcerers led by Sheik Suleiman.
The Djinn  also wishing  lend their aid to Perseus and his band.
The group arrives and learns from them.
The only possibility lies with the head of the gorgon Medusa who resides in a temple in the Underworld.
Medusa can turn any creature made into stone.
Makes eye contact.
Thus using her head is the only way to stop the Kraken.
Perseus  Io  Suleiman  Draco and his remaining men.
Solon  Eusebius  and Ixas cross and enter Medusa s temple lair while Io remains outside  unable to enter the temple as a woman.
Suleiman and Draco both wound Medusa  sacrificing themselves and setting the stage for Perseus to behead her with his eyes closed.
He witnesses Calibos appear and fatally stab her.
He is leaving the temple.
Perseus and Calibos engage.
Perseus picks up the Olympian sword and pierces Calibos.
He finally comes.
Io urges a reluctant Perseus to leave her and save Andromeda and Argos.
She dissolves.
Perseus mounts Pegasus and hastens back as the solar eclipse begins and Zeus orders the Kraken s release.
The Cult goes and seizes Andromeda in order to offer her to the Kraken.
He manages to retrieve the bag and expose Medusa s face to the Kraken  making eye contact.
Before it is able to eat Andromeda.
The Kraken slowly turns.
Cracks and falls apart.
Perseus raises his sword and calling upon Zeus  throws his sword at Hades.
A lightning bolt engulfs the sword.
Expels Hades and banishes him once more.
Perseus rescues Andromeda  now the rightful Queen.
Andromeda asks Perseus to stay as King.
He declines.
Perseus also refuses another offer from Zeus.
Who then states that if Perseus is to live he should not be alone  and subsequently revives Io.
<EOS>
Young artist Henri de Toulouse-Lautrec finishes a bottle of cognac and sketches the dancers.
Crowds pour.
They perform.
The nightclub s regulars each stop.
Owner Maurice Joyant offers Henri free drinks for painting a promotional poster.
Henri waits for the crowds to disperse before standing to reveal his four-foot  six-inch body.
He recalls the events  Henri is a bright  happy child  revered.
He walks.
Led. 
However  his legs fail to heal  a genetic weakness.
When he falls down a flight.
Stems that his parents are first cousins.
His legs stunted and pained  Henri loses himself.
His father soon leaves the countess to ensure they will have no more children.
Henri proposes to the woman.
He loves but  when she tells him no woman will ever love him  he leaves his childhood home to begin a new life as a painter in Paris.
Back  street walker Marie Charlet begs Henri to rescue her from police sergeant Patou.
Henri wards off the policeman.
Which she insists.
There  she addresses his small stature.
He allows her to stay out and is charmed.
He is at first angry.
When she claims not to care.
He is buying her gifts and singing.
He paints  until Marie takes his money and stays out all night.
Henri waits.
He tells her to leave.
When she finally does.
Realizing  she vows to stay and love him back.
He loves her.
He tells himself.
She continues to fight petulantly.
Her crassness stems and lets her stay.
However  she announces and leaves.
He can never attract a real woman.
She begs him to take her back.
He refuses.
He begins drinking and does not stop.
His landlady calls his mother  who urges him to save his health.
He searches her working-class neighborhood  finally discovering her.
Where she drunkenly reveals that she stayed only to procure money for her boyfriend.
He returns and turns on the gas vents.
When she adds that his touch made her sick.
Distractedly turns the vents off again.
He sits waiting to die  he is suddenly inspired to finish his Moulin Rouge poster  and  brush.
The next day  he brings the poster.
Maurice accepts it.
The style is unusual.
Henri works  blending his own inks to perfect the vivid colors.
The poster   becomes.
When he finishes.
Shows a woman dancing.
An instant sensation and the dance hall opens.
The count  however  denounces Henri.
Henri records Parisian life in countless brilliant paintings.
He is famous but still terribly lonely.
One day  he sees Myriamme Hyam standing and  thinking  stops to talk to her.
She may jump.
She spurns his advances and throws a key.
Days later  Jane  a friend  arranges a meeting for them.
Myriamme is a great admirer.
The two begin to spend time together.
Eventually  she reveals.
The key she threw out belonged.
He nonetheless falls with Myriamme.
Henri continues to decry the possibility.
One day  they see La Goulue.
She was once a star.
Henri realizes.
Once the Moulin Rouge became respectable it could no longer be home.
Myriamme later informs Henri.
Marne has asked her to marry him.
Certain  he bitingly congratulates her.
She loves the more handsome man.
Henri believes and lies.
After she asks if he loves her.
She is only trying to spare his feelings.
He does not.
He receives a letter stating  she has already left the city.
She loves him but can not wait any longer.
He can not find her.
Weeks later  he is still drinking steadily and reading her note over and over.
He is helped home one night.
Once home  Henri   hallucinates.
He sees cockroaches and   accidentally falls down a flight of stairs.
He is brought to his family home.
The count tearfully informs Henri and begs.
The priest reads the last rites.
He is to be the first living artist to be shown.
Henri turns his head and watches from his Moulin Rouge paintings  including Jane Avril  dance into the room to bid him goodbye.
<EOS>
Cool Cat is a student  and sings an opening song about.
He s workin   to gain a lotta knowledge.
A bee disturbs him.
He swats the bee.
Cool Cat checks  and decides to try out pole vaulting to impress the female students.
The angry bee sharpens its stinger.
His first attempt goes horribly wrong.
When his pole gets stuck.
The bee stings him.
When he goes to try again.
As he begins his.
The pain gives Cool Cat enough power in his run-up to set a record-breaking vault over the pole.
The college s baseball coach is impressed enough to let him try out.
Cool Cat wastes his time trying to swat the bee instead of hitting the ball  and records two strikes.
However  Cool Cat manages to hit a home run.
He manages to complete.
The bee also helps him to triumphs as well.
Finally.
Has somehow ended up.
He s handling the ball.
The other players ask each other who s got the ball.
Cool Cat eventually flops down  and gets stung again.
Causes him to spit the ball out the winning touchdown.
Afterwards  the college holds a ceremony.
Have propelled Disco Tech.
The person being awarded at the ceremony is actually the bee  not himself.
<EOS>
A group seize a stockpile of deadly VX gas-armed rockets from a heavily guarded military bunker  reluctantly leaving one of their men to die in the process.
When a bead falls and breaks.
The next day  Hummel and his men  along seize control of Alcatraz during a guided tour and take 81 tourists hostage in the prison cells.
Hummel threatens to launch the stolen rockets.
The government pays ransom and reparations and whose deaths were not honored.
The Pentagon and FBI develop a plan to retake the island  enlisting the bureau s top chemical weapons specialist  Dr Stanley Goodspeed   but soon learns.
Who initially thinks he s consulting the team.
He has to accompany the SEALs due.
Goodspeed s confidence  already shaky  is further tested.
He received only minimal training.
When his fiancee Carla reveals that she is pregnant.
Recognizing  FBI Director James Womack is forced to turn.
Any surface approach will be seen.
Who has been illegally detained by Womack and his predecessors.
Mason is the only Alcatraz inmate ever to escape  doing so in 1963  one year after imprisonment.
Womack reneges.
Goodspeed manages to convince Mason to cooperate in return for a pardon from the US Attorney General.
Mason escapes.
Mason takes Womack hostage to escape  and takes a Hummer H1  while Goodspeed steals a Ferrari F355 and after the wild chase around the streets.
He leaves to see his estranged daughter Jade.
Who is the only proof that he exists.
Goodspeed arrives and reveals to Jade.
He is aiding the FBI.
Womack initially only wants Mason to consult the SEALs.
He confides that he does not want Mason loose.
The FBI have no choice.
To let Mason accompany the SEALs.
He has committed the maps.
The team infiltrates Alcatraz.
The SEALs however are surrounded and gunned down.
SEAL Commander Anderson refuses to surrender  leaving only Mason and Goodspeed alive when they remained while the SEALs confronted the marines.
Paxton plans to abort the mission.
Womack agrees to let them continue saying.
Mason and Goodspeed are their last hope.
Mason attempts to leave the prison.
Goodspeed manages to convince him to help him defuse the rockets.
Mason s daughter is.
Using Mason s knowledge  they quietly eliminate several small teams of marines and disable 12 of the 15 rockets.
Hummel threatens.
Only Mason surrenders  trying to buy Goodspeed some time.
The Marines capture him shortly thereafter.
Goodspeed manages to disable another rocket.
The military readies a backup plan  an air strike s with Thermite plasma.
The incursion team lost.
Will neutralize the poison gas but kill everyone.
He reveals.
Mason uses his unique experience to escape.
He was held there.
Kennedy assassination.
Mason states.
He did nt return it.
He knew the FBI would suicide him.
He did.
Hummel fires one but changes the coordinates at the last second causing the rocket to crash harmlessly out to sea.
Goodspeed and Mason search.
Facing Captains Frye and Darrow s frustration  Hummel explains.
Their bluff failed and that he refuses to harm innocent civilians.
He orders rockets to cover their retreat.
Them to exit Alcatraz.
He ll stay  personally assuming blame.
Realizing  Frye and Darrow  along  decide mutiny against Hummel and his second-in-command  Major Tom Baxter.
They will not be paid their $ 1 million apiece.
Crisp attempts to secure Hummel on Darrow s orders  but fails.
The General is able to hold the SNCO.
He appears to side.
When Baxter is asked to take a side.
The Major says.
What a privilege it was serving  then fires at the three rogues.
Crisp is killed by Hummel.
Baxter is killed and pulled away.
Hummel is fatally wounded.
Darrow and Frye proceed.
Hummel tells Goodspeed the location of the last rocket.
Darrow is killed.
When Goodspeed fires the last disarmed rocket  launching the Marine outside where he falls and is impaled on a fencepost.
Goodspeed stows the last gas pearls and takes a loose one  but is then attacked by Frye.
Who begins to strangle Goodspeed.
Using the VX to defend himself  Goodspeed shoves the gas pearl and gives him an uppercut to the jaw  breaking the pearl and exposing both of them to the gas.
Goodspeed injects himself.
Frye dies.
Goodspeed then lights green flares to signal.
The threat is over  but only after one fires  sending Goodspeed flying into the sea.
The early detonation hits the back and harms no one else.
Mason reappears to pull the unconscious Goodspeed to shore.
Goodspeed tells Mason.
When he recovers.
Womack tore up his pardon  which Mason expected.
Goodspeed states.
When radioed.
Mason is dead.
Goodspeed tells Mason to go  take a change of clothes and $ 200 and run.
He stashed.
Mason thanks Goodspeed  and gives him a note.
Holds the location.
Goodspeed is asked and says.
When the FBI arrives.
The man was vaporized.
Paxton simply grins  suspecting otherwise.
He  too  sympathizes.
Goodspeed and his pregnant bride.
Carla visit Fort Walton  Kansas  recovering the microfilm.
Who actually killed John F.
Kennedy.
<EOS>
Milo Boyd is a former NYPD detective.
Who now works.
Milo s ex-wife  Nicole Hurley  is an investigative reporter.
Who has been arrested.
-- an apparent suicide may actually have been a murder -- she skips her bond hearing to meet  causing the judge to revoke her bail and issue a warrant for her arrest.
When Nicole receives a tip.
Unfortunately   her informant  Jimmy  is kidnapped.
Before Nicole arrives.
Milo is ecstatic.
When Nicole s bail bondsman  Sid  offers him the job  for a bounty of $.
Milo apprehends her at a race track in New Jersey  throws her into his car trunk and drives back towards Manhattan.
Nicole manages to escape briefly.
He catches up again.
Meanwhile  neither is aware.
They are being stalked  Milo  Nicole by criminal Earl Mahler  who is connected with the story she is investigating  and both of them by Nicole s lovestruck coworker Stuart  bent on rescuing her.
Mahler catches up and tries to kill Nicole.
The two narrowly escape.
Milo is not interested.
Nicole admits that she s found evidence that implicates their mutual friend  Bobby  Milo s.
Angry  Milo decides to investigate the crime.
Clues lead them to a country club   so they start to make their way there.
Where they learn that Earl owns a tattoo parlor in Queens.
Bobby warns the pair to stay off the road.
The nearest hotel is Cupid s Cabin  the bed and breakfast.
Where they spent their honeymoon.
They have feelings.
They both admit.
They have made mistakes.
She calls her mother.
What to do.
She comes out and overhears Milo telling Sid.
When she is done.
He may or may not sleep that night.
He s taking her nevertheless.
Infuriated  she handcuffs Milo and makes her way to the tattoo parlor herself  finding Jimmy and freeing him  still looking for Milo.
She is captured.
Milo manages to rescues her.
He calls an old friend and learns to the police s evidence warehouse.
Bobby is.
Is being relocated.
Bobby confronts Earl.
Who used to be his friend but has used Bobby s name to gain access and steal a large amount of confiscated narcotics and cash.
Bobby decides to arrest Earl.
Earl draws a gun and shoots him.
Milo and Nicole enter.
The warehouse and Milo is ambushed.
Earl is forced to surrender.
When Nicole points a shotgun.
Bobby explains.
Earl was using him  as well as the man who supposedly committed suicide  to gain access.
There was no proof  so Bobby was waiting to make his move before arresting him.
Milo proudly notes.
Earl might have gotten away if Nicole had nt picked up certain clues.
He and Nicole appear to have reconciled.
They concede.
Sometimes their jobs have to come first.
Milo then turns Nicole into the police  so she can make her court hearing the next day.
Milo runs into a cop.
Who insulted him earlier and punches him.
He is arrested and put.
He reminds her.
It is their anniversary.
They have to spend it together  no matter what.
They admit their love to each other and kiss.
<EOS>
A village chieftain hatches an ingenious but morally bankrupt plot to raise enough dowry.
That one can marry.
The townsfolk have two choices  they can become farmers or work in the quarries of the richest man around Zaminder.
The quarry work is lucrative but destructive.
The town is.
To ensure  Zaminder pays villagers money.
He is elected.
The chief s family decides to adopt the town beggar.
Who is dying.
They promise the beggar.
They will see that he is cured if he will hand over his vote money.
The deal is struck.
The chief and his son take him to get cured.
Unfortunately  it is a struggle to keep the dying fellow alive.
<EOS>
Benedicto Ben Caballero is an environmentalist.
Who disapproves.
He is more concerned.
It is revealed.
He was a former lawyer and that he quit  and not about winning or losing.
He focuses  it s all about saving the planet.
He visits Boracay and meets a Michelle Mitch Valmonte.
Mitch is a carefree party girl.
Who works.
She and Ben get to know each other and develop special interests.
But making a relationship is one problem.
They both have to deal.
It goes well at first.
The relationship ends.
Ben then discovers.
Mitch s father owns the company that ordered the deforestation and construction.
This leads them separate ways and try to forget.
Is this the end.
<EOS>
An inventor designs a robot for search and rescue  but.
When he finds out that the robot will be used to flee.
The robot escapes but is damaged.
It is discovered.
Who fixes it and names it Cody.
The robot does not remember its past.
Henry and Cody develop a friendship.
Eventually  Kinetech and the inventor find Cody and bring the robot back.
The inventor feels guilty  so he returns the robot to Henry.
The inventor meets Henry s mother and falls in love.
Kinetech wants the robot back  so it kidnaps the inventor and Henry s mother.
Henry and Cody embark to save them and to bring down Kinetech.
<EOS>
Sethunath is a prosperous business man and also a writer.
However  ` Swantham  becomes a best seller and bags the commonwealth awards.
When his creation titled.
The writer is the least interested so much so.
He is not even aware who translated his work & earned the award.
Aneesa  a journalist  is determined to get a personal interview and does not hesitate to get it at the expense of bribing Sethu s secretary Subramaniam Swamy and finally succeeds.
Sethu is impressed with her resilience and also the fact makes him open his heart.
She comes that he hailed from.
He talks.
Whom he encounters.
Gradually  Priya reaches the pinnacle with the support of Sethu.
Both of them fall in love with each other and decide to get married.
Manju  Sethu s wife does not allow this.
What does Manju do forms the rest.
<EOS>
Journey to a new life and career in the West as a fashion model and activist against female circumcision.
<EOS>
A popular actress and a rock star come.
The rock star is escorted into the other.
Daniel  the owner of the two hotels  is trying to stay afloat.
The other hotel owner  Mark  is trying to steal away Daniel s business and his fiancee.
The paparazzi arrives and makes everybody wonder .
Who is sleeping.
<EOS>
Leary plays the role.
Who steals a $ 4000000 masterpiece painting.
Bullock plays his girlfriend.
Who works.
She befriends the potential buyer.
She discovers.
Her new friend is actually an art thief.
<EOS>
Tom Merrick works.
When he s nearly killed while informing about a fire in the Evanston power plant.
The sight accidentally saves his life.
When he was meant to be killed.
He decides to do some research on catastrophes for a documentary.
He s preparing when he accidentally stumbles  but who still looks the same in all the pictures.
He goes deeper and ends up discovering.
A futuristic enterprise -- Thrill Seekers -- will make time travel possible and will sell trips to the past.
These trips consist.
It happens.
Before they get killed.
Thanks  Merrick is able to save a plane from crashing and killing hundreds of people.
Unfortunately  this type endangers the very fabric of space-time and his own life.
When Thrill Seekers sends a couple to find and kill him.
<EOS>
Nick Persons  a 37-year-old bachelor  takes a car drive from Portland  Oregon to transfer two bratty children  Lindsey and Kevin Kingston  to their divorced mother  Suzanne Kingston.
Whom Nick has a crush.
The road trip seems to be a disaster.
The three face numerous mishaps.
One example includes the children signaling.
They have been kidnapped.
They are run off the road.
They warm up.
Lindsey and Kevin discover their father s betrayal.
He does  when he tells them that he  too  was abandoned by his father.
Nick and the kids try to hitch a ride.
He leaves Nick behind and drives off  leading.
Ends when Nick fights Al.
Kevin suddenly gets an asthma attack.
Nick rushes with the inhaler and is able to revive him.
The three eventually arrive.
Nick and Suzanne are officially dating by the end of the movie.
<EOS>
A Colonel s daughter steals to pay off her gambling debts.
One   takes the blame  and is sent to Africa.
Who is love.
<EOS>
Jose Rebolledo has a good job and sincerely loves his wife  Elena.
The couple has two children.
They all seem the perfect family.
They can afford some quirks and have acquired a chalet in the Sierra de Madrid.
Where they spend weekends  playing sports and having barbecues.
However   within this apparent happiness lies a deep sense of frustration with the lifestyle he has chosen.
Jose finds himself out.
He decides to break.
<EOS>
Brian OFarrell  is an English new chum.
Who takes a job.
He is teased.
He soon impresses them.
The station manager  John MacDonald  takes OFarrell to meet his daughter Edith.
Who is working.
Edith is kidnapped after witnessing a crime.
OFarrell rescues her.
It is later revealed.
He is the owner.
<EOS>
The film concerns the police force.
The village is so peaceful.
Crime has become nonexistent.
The police spend their shifts drinking coffee  eating hot dogs and chasing down runaway cows.
This is all well and good.
The police management board wants to discontinue the local police force.
This would mean the loss for the policemen  so they begin to stage crimes.
Order to preserve their jobs.
This includes burning down the local hotdog stand  hiring a drunk to steal a packet  thrashing a local car  faking a shootout and staging a kidnapping using their friends as actors.
<EOS>
Martin is an.
Who returns home and finds that Helen  his former girlfriend is involved.
He pursues her.
<EOS>
Wal Footrot and Cooch Windgrass are shearing sheep.
Cheeky Hobson  Wal s girlfriend  is driving.
When she is driven off the road  flying in a helicopter.
The Murphys then terrorise Wal s property  leaving Dog to drown.
He has a flashback.
He is.
When he was a little pup.
How he was united for the first time  a gift from Aunt Dolly  and how he met Jess  who was nearly drowned by Spit and Hunk.
Soon  Wal wakes Dog and Cooch.
The dogs manage to foil the Murphys.
Who were.
Later  Wal finds Rangi Jones and Pongo Footrot playing catch  and so he joins in to coach them.
Rangi and Pongo tell Wal about an All Blacks selector coming to watch an upcoming rugby match.
Wal daydreams.
Wal works out and goes on a date with Cheeky.
Wal takes her.
Dog bursts in  thinking.
Cheeky is trying  but ends up ruining the dinner after Cheeky vows never to see Wal ever again.
Wal leaves Dog tied up outside.
Dog is later attacked but is rescued by the resident stray cat  Horse.
It begins to rain heavily.
Jess is knocked out and is lost somewhere near the Murphy s.
Meanwhile the Murphys   steal Cooch s stag under the cover of darkness.
Wal s goose tries to bite Wal.
Wal tries to move the bull.
Rangi and Dog try to move the sheep  Rangi notices.
Jess is gone.
He tries to get help.
Who refuses  his only concern being to play.
Rangi and Dog decide to go looking themselves but are later separated.
Rangi decides to go and get help following in her footsteps.
Dog goes and looks.
Cooch goes to feed his deer.
The storm starts dying down.
Notices his stag is missing.
The next day  Rangi still tries to get help.
Wal wants His Big Chance to become an All Black  and so drives.
Rangi tries to come up with a plan to get Wal to the Murphys.
Rangi chooses to play.
When one are sent to the hospital wing.
Order to steal the ball and get Wal to follow him.
Wal follows him  but only.
When Rangi grabs the ball and runs off.
Pongo mentioned that the Murphys stole Cooch s stag  on their conversation.
Meanwhile  Dog finds Jess by rats  led by their leader  Vernon the Vermin.
Soon   Dog kills Vernon.
Running. 
Rangi hitches a ride and later arrives at the Murphy s farm.
Rangi is captured and locked in a shed.
Irish decides to kill Dog  Jess and Horse.
Wal and Pongo arrive.
Pongo goes to help Rangi.
Wal chases after Irish and Wal s goose chases.
Spit Murphy tries to help  but it s destroyed.
Spit is captured.
Irish manages to shoot Horse.
Wal swings in to get Murphy.
First he falls  then he saves Irish from drowning.
Then finally ends up getting bitten by his goose.
Dog saves Jess  with the unconscious Horse on the raft.
Later  they float.
Where Wal  Pongo and Rangi attempt to bring them up.
Fortunately  Rangi manages to get a hold  but misses Dog and Horse.
They pick up Cooch and decide to try down the beach  but no luck.
They all leave.
Jess starts barking  so Wal  Cooch  Pongo and Rangi turn back.
They leave.
Dog and Horse  now recovered  are still alive and arrive.
The movie ends walking past Major  Wal s pig dog  with puppies in tow.
<EOS>
Lydia Kenyon feels.
She is neglected and treated insensitively on their fifth wedding anniversary.
She meets a lawyer  Jim Blake.
She realises.
She eventually divorces her husband  and nearly marries the young lawyer instead.
She loves her husband  and returns.
<EOS>
The film is based in the Indian epic Mahabharatha.
<EOS>
Jose is an aging anarchist.
Who decides to get even.
Jose threatens to kill himself and orders him.
When confronted.
Pedro stumbles upon a drawer holding half a million dollars  and puts it all in the bag.
He then asks Jose to take him hostage so.
The police will not shoot them.
Both drive away successfully.
Pedro is confronted with a dilemma  he can not turn himself in.
The stolen money is laundered money.
He will thus have trouble.
He decides to join Jose to Patagonia as they run away from police and mafia alike.
False claims made by the media so as to clear their names and justify their actions.
They tape a message and send it.
They are aided by gas station attendants.
Who view the couple.
They are nicknamed.
They decide to take a bus.
Will get them closer.
Aboard they meet a punk girl  Ana.
Who steals the bag containing the half million dollars  but promptly returns it.
When they catch up.
They decide to let her.
She steals a jeep.
The three decide to return the money  and rain the half-million on a cheering crowd  keeping only.
What is necessary.
They are on the run again.
Los Indomables manage to get after dodging a pursuing helicopter  with the aid of the gas station attendants they avoid road blocks and the two hitmen sent by the mafia  rid of.
Whom they finally encounter and get.
Once  they meet with Eusebio  husband to the sister of Jose s long dead wife.
He reveals his profession - kept secret throughout the film - to Pedro  horse breeder.
Jose bids farewell to Pedro and Ana.
Who have fallen.
They ride away.
Jose then frees all.
Is shot by a person offscreen.
He sets the last one going.
He dies.
The end is a montage running free  and Jose himself dancing and shouting to the skies.
Good it feels to feel alive.
<EOS>
The movie opens with a distinguished looking man  Casey  pickpocketing a deaf man of his wallet.
Casey then meets his old friend Harry.
Later  the action moves.
Who is seen making various obviously-inept attempts to steal watches and wallets.
Sandy  waiting to Chicago  watches him with amusement  securing her own possessions.
When Ray sits close.
He does  however manage to get away.
She chases him down to get him.
However  her purse and suitcase  both unwatched  are spirited away.
Talking. 
Bereft  she s stranded in Seattle.
Ray promises to help her get back.
His way is to sell his inventory of stolen watches - watches so poor Ray promised Sandy.
The fence is only willing to pay a fraction.
The fence tips Ray off to the presence of a recruiter for a wire mob - a travelling professional pickpocketing band - in town.
Who will be hanging out.
Ray decides to try it out  Sandy   decides to tag along.
Who s formed an emotional bond.
They meet Casey.
Who introduces them  Casey s protege and cannon - the term for a known and skilled professional pickpocket.
Sandy and Ray are given money to buy better clothes.
Harry and Casey begin to train them.
They re to play - principally that.
Who will provide distraction for Harry to get into the mark and make the dip.
Harry also inculcates them.
The team travels first-class - everything the best  the best food  the best clothes  the best hotels.
They are able to blend into and appear as the classes they are trying to pickpocket.
Sandy  being physically attractive  gives the team added advantages.
That male marks can presumably mostly have their attention diverted.
The mob travels from Seattle to Victoria BC to Salt Lake City  Sandy and Ray becoming progressively more adept in their roles.
Ray s ambition to become more stresses on the group but  by the time the team arrives in Salt Lake City.
A mere stall and the tension brought on by the presence of Sandy produce.
The wire mob have merged.
Though  Ray s ambition has gotten him  through ingratiation  to convince Casey to take him on as a student.
Casey s training turns Ray and.
When  Ray and Sandy begin working on their own time and keeping the take.
Moreover  Ray keeps the id and effects.
He lifts.
Threaten the survival and makes Harry furious with Ray.
Events come.
When Casey is arrested when a botched handoff allows the victim to see his wallet in plain sight protruding from Casey s jacket pocket.
Casey s case turns complicated.
When cocaine is found and becomes more than just a case of springing him from jail on a pickpocketing charge.
Harry decides to raise extra funds quickly.
Ray   agrees to go in.
Who had decided to split.
Working goes rather smoothly  but building security have been alerted.
It s only a matter - deliberately taking the fall by disposing of the evidence in a wastebasket rather than handing off to Ray.
They catch him.
The film closes.
Sandy and Ray   watch as Harry is led away by SLC police and building security to an uncertain future.
<EOS>
Commandant Eric Lassard decides  so he comes up.
The police force is overworked and understaffed.
Carey Mahoney and his friends Moses Hightower  Larvell Jones  Eugene Tackleberry  Zed  Sweetchuck  Laverne Hooks  and Debbie Callahan are.
The civilians include the enormous Tommy House Conklin  gung-ho senior citizen Lois Feldman  and skateboarding delinquents Kyle and Arnie.
Captain Thaddeus Harris believes the concept doing and plans to take over Lassard s job.
Police work is asinine.
That s.
Harris is determined to see the COP program fail.
When Lassard leaves.
Proctor  are put.
Harris immediately plots to make the COP volunteers quit and leave the police work.
The volunteers do well  Mrs Feldman excelling in firing Tackleberry s.
44 Magnum.
Zed rescues a cadet but experiences a personal loss of his no longer functioning watch  and mourns the death of the cartoon character inside of it saying.
It was the last thing he ever stole.
Gains a love interest  Laura  a.
Who has come to view Lassard s COP program and takes a fancy to Zed.
Unfortunately Harris ruins the moment and insults Zed and Laura.
Causes Zed to replace Harris s deoderant.
Zed instructs the volunteers.
Exercises the volunteers take.
Jones learns that volunteers  so Jones  Mahoney  Hightower  and Tackleberry play a prank to make them take their training more seriously.
House  Kyle  and Arnie believe themselves ready to go out and catch criminals.
Later   Zed is comforted again by Laura.
Who says she thinks he is perfect.
The Citizens is suspended  much to Harris s delight.
Several volunteers foil an undercover police sting.
The felons are all recaptured.
Meanwhile House  Kyle  and Arnie save Harris and Proctor.
And Zed impresses his girlfriend Laura.
They both fall out.
The several police chiefs Lassard.
Who came in action congratulate and compliment.
<EOS>
There is no real plot.
Runs. 
Instead  each skater was placed.
Some also incorporated a short story into their segments.
Some include McCrank looking for a job  Berra being killed by an unknown attacker  Reynolds hanging out with a monkey  Kirchart and Klein s rampaging mayhem in the city and Lasek taking down Hawk.
That Lasek can become the number one skateboarder.
<EOS>
Macky Galvez is a depressed young man recovering.
One night  Galvez meets Ces Bricenio  a modern-day girl.
Who is afraid.
They have a one-night stand.
Later on  Macky meets Ces.
<EOS>
A toolmaker wishes to prepare the religious tools in the next four days and make them ready for Ashoora  spending much time and effort.
The process of making religious tools of the mourning ceremonies is shown.
<EOS>
The Hulk s allies decide  so they put him in a shuttle and attempt to send him to a peaceful world.
He is too dangerous.
He awakens the shuttle.
It arrives.
He also causes enough damage to veer it  resulting in a crash on the planet Sakaar.
When he goes  breaking his restraints.
Imperial guards appear and attach an obedience disk  allowing them to communicate.
The Hulk is imprisoned.
The slaves are forced to fight.
Their first opponents are Korg s brothers.
Lavin Skee and the natives die.
Hulk attacks the Red King.
Who presides  but is defeated by the emperor s lieutenant  Caiera.
Red King allows the Hulk to live  but secretly plots his death.
The crowd is entertained.
The other gladiators hold a service and form a Warbound pact  revealing their pasts to each other.
Elloe also tells Hiroim.
Some civilians believe the Hulk is the true Sakaarson  a foretold savior.
Hulk refuses the title.
The other gladiators fight their second round  and are victorious.
Later  Caiera comes and reveals her past.
Creatures known as Spikes attacked her.
The Red Prince killed off the Spikes.
Which Caiera pledged allegiance.
She worries  and encourages him to escape.
Hulk s popularity will turn the people away.
That night the resistance comes to rescue the gladiators.
The Hulk refuses to go  warning.
There s a trap.
Elloe leaves.
The rest are forced to listen to the resistance fighters being attacked.
Their opponent is Beta Ray Bill  compelled by an obedience disk to kill or be killed.
The Hulk and Bill battle fiercely.
Hiroim notices Hulk s blood on the dirt is bringing plants to life - a sign of the Sakaarson.
Hulk destroys Bill s obedience disk  but continues his attack  pummeling Bill.
The Red King announces the Warbound  but asks them to show loyalty to him by executing Elloe.
They refuse.
The Red King orders their death.
However  Beta Ray Bill awakens and uses the power.
Bill offers to take Hulk back.
He refuses.
Bill leaves the planet escape to the resistance s hideout at a nearby town.
The Hulk goes his own way.
Caiera catches up.
Her to kill him.
They fight.
Caiera spots a Spike ship  which they follow where the Warbound are staying.
Caiera  Hulk  and the Warbound work together to protect the town.
He reveals.
When she calls the Red King.
The Spikes are his creation.
A bomb hits  destroying almost everything.
The unharmed Caiera finds the Hulk s body and informs the Red King.
The smoke clears.
He is dead.
The King demands Hulk s body.
Caiera  the shackled Warbound  and the Hulk s corpse are brought.
Who is wearing his imperial armor.
Hulk s is revealed to be alive.
He gloats.
Attacks the king.
Caiera sets the rest free.
They fight the guards.
The Hulk and Red King continue to fight.
Hulk overpowers him.
The Red King is infected and is killed by his Death s Head guards.
Order is restored.
The Hulk accepts the role and the new king of Sakaar.
He  his wife and queen Caiera  and the Warbound stood in front of the whole of Sakaar s citizens.
<EOS>
Berthe  an elderly widow  is forced.
Where she has spent much.
She moves Bruno and have two grown up children  Anne  a law university student  and Lucien.
Who share a legal practice.
Who was adopted.
Berthe is not happy in her daughter s bourgeois home in Blagnac.
She sits and finds the house pretentious.
Worried pays a visit to her unmarried younger brother  Antoine  a neurosurgeon.
They have not seen each other.
They quarreled.
Emilie informs Antoine and invites him to a Christmas dinner with the entire family.
Antoine arrives at his sister s home.
When emilie  Bruno and their daughter are leaving.
The neurotic Antoine has to remind himself not to be carried away and spoil the evening.
Antoine surprises his nephew Lucien.
He wanders though the house looking.
Who works  making out with Khadija  emilie and Bruno s uninhibited Moroccan secretary who has been invited to spend Christmas with the family.
Antoine promises not to tell anything.
Berthe is delighted to see her son  but complains.
When he finds his mother s room.
She dislikes Bruno  has no affection and does not value her daughter s efforts to make her feel at ease.
Dinner is lively  but  tempers flares.
The youngsters leave.
They end up.
Bruno becomes angry  Antoine leaves.
Talking later  emilie loathes.
What they have become.
Anne is distraught and looks to Khadija for solace.
Berthe returns to live alone.
She suffers a stroke.
This forces emilie to visit her brother once again.
Antoine has moved.
He is glad to learn.
Emilie has separated.
The siblings agree to place their mother.
They pick up Berthe.
They remember old times.
Berthe cheers up.
When emilie and Antoine sing as they used.
Antoine fulfills a childhood dream and goes skinny dipping in a river.
Berthe introduces her children.
She took good care.
They are now two very successful professionals  she says bitterly.
Who are too busy to take care.
Pressured  emilie spends a night at Antoine s apartment.
He gives her a pill to help her sleep and joins Khadija and Anne.
Where Lucien works.
Anne has now given up her law studies and works.
Lucien and Khadija have a rocky relationship.
Antonie tries to rekindle the childhood closeness.
He enjoyed.
Berthe s physical and mental health has visibly deteriorated.
When Antoine and emilie visit their mother.
She wished.
She would have had a third child because that child would have taken care.
Emilie and Antoine remove their mother.
An exam.
Where Antoine works.
Berthe is.
Emilie moves back at Blagnac.
Antoine breaks.
They have an argument.
They recriminate each other.
Feeling guilty  Antoine makes a halfhearted attempt to commit suicide.
He jumps.
Berthe dies alone.
Antoine  emilie  Bruno  Lucien  Anne and Khadija meet at the house in Blagnac and have breakfast outdoors.
Anne asks the others.
Is their favorite season since she does not have one.
Recites a poem.
She learned when she was a child.
She used to sing that song.
<EOS>
Eager to marry his devoted secretary  Diane Lovering  New York shipping magnate Richard Field asks his wife Louise.
Louise  however  refuses to give up her social position and denies Richard s request.
Richard asks her to contemplate her choices.
Diane insists that she will continue to love him.
Diane agrees  but vows to return to New York unchanged.
Diane meets Johnnie Smith in the ship s bar and firmly rejects his flirtations.
Determined  Johnny asks his smooth-talking best friend  Mike Bradley   but is.
When Mike treats him.
Mike soon charms Diane  and a shipboard romance blossoms.
Still true  Diane makes no commitments to Mike and declines his invitation to visit him on his ranch in Buenos Aires.
Mike nevertheless shows up and insists.
She join him.
Diane and Mike confess their mutual love.
Diane finally tells Mike.
Realizing  Diane promises him.
Mike is the man she truly loves.
When she returns  she will end her affair with Richard.
However  as soon  Richard presents her and explains to her.
She sees him.
His wife finally agreed to divorce him that he not be allowed to see his sons.
Overwhelmed  Diane says nothing about her romance with Mike and  after writing Mike a Dear John letter  marries the millionaire.
A year later  Diane runs in a New York gun shop and suggests.
They dine together.
Mike finds.
He still loves Diane and senses that she still loves him.
Finally  Diane admits her feelings  but explains.
She is sacrificing their love to remain loyal.
Mike drops and  in spite of Diane s protests  vows to confront his rival.
Diane tries to avoid Mike.
However  he backs down and leaves abruptly.
When Mike sees how kind and caring Richard is.
Afterward  Richard reveals.
He had long sensed that she was to divorce her.
Unchained  Diane and Mike begin their married life on his Argentine ranch.
<EOS>
Gambling is second nature.
Whose father taught her all its ins and outs.
Unfortunately  he also left.
Her broke  living and working as a receptionist in a museum run by Clara  her aunt.
A stroke comes Kim s way.
When notified that an uncle has died and left her a 50 % interest in a.
She excitedly takes Aunt Clara there  but  the hotel is a ramshackle mess.
Her partner is heavily.
Kim is deceived.
The hotel she owns is actually the thriving Flamingo Hotel.
So it comes.
When a total stranger begins behaving as if the place is hers.
Taffy Tremaine is performing there.
She s just jealous enough to be concerned.
Victor might take a fancy.
Kim eventually learns the truth  but catches a break by being introduced to Elliot Atterbury  a naive rich boy.
Who d like to own a Vegas hotel.
Together they spruce up Kim s hotel  rename it  hire Taffy to perform and give the Flamingo a run.
Taffy happily takes up instead.
Victor concedes defeat.
He tells Kim  so he s leaving town.
A gambler who lost everything  did.
He s gone broke.
Kim persuades him to stay  wanting them to become partners.
Victor agrees  whereupon Kim learns.
He and the Flamingo are actually having no money troubles.
<EOS>
Gun salesman Steve Farrell demonstrates the new Colt.
45 repeating pistols.
Who is impressed that the United States government just ordered two thousand for the army.
The demonstration is interrupted.
When men arrive to transfer one to another jail.
Prisoner Jason Brett grabs the pistols  shoots the sheriff  and escapes  pretending.
He s being led away.
Farrell was his partner.
Convinced.
Farrell was involved.
I the coming days  Brett initiates a campaign  with regular guns being no match for his Colt.
45 pistols.
Four months later  Farrell is released due to a lack of evidence.
The new sheriff offers him a letter clearing him.
He reveals Brett s whereabouts.
Reasserting his innocence  Farrell vows to go to retrieve his guns.
Farrell tracks his prey and comes across a band of Indians.
Whom Brett has killed to provide cover.
The only surrvivor tells Steve about Brett s plan.
Steve jumps onto the stage from a rock outcropping just in time to fight off the attack by Brett s gang with his own set of Colt.
.
The only passenger tries to prevent him from fighting off the robbers.
Farrell stops the stage and notices a white scarf hanging.
Brett s gang pulls back and retreats.
Believing it to be a signal  Farrell suspects.
Beth is part and says he intends to take her to the sheriff.
However  Beth is able to escape.
Assisting the wounded stagecoach driver.
Farrell does not know.
Beth is the wife.
Beth returns.
Is being used as a hideout.
He is actually plotting to take over the nearby town of Bonanza Creek.
She believes that her husband has been forced to work.
Unknown  Sheriff Harris is working with Brett and his gang.
Harris agrees to make him his deputy.
When Farrell arrives.
Harris then rides out and reveals.
Farrell is.
Brett and Harris plot an ambush to eliminate Farrell.
Meanwhile  Farrell learns Beth s identity.
Harris later encurages him to ride out  knowing Brett.
His gang will be lying.
Brett s gang ride in.
He approaches.
Farrell is able to evade the ambush.
Who capture two gang members.
Back  Beth overhears Paul plotting with Brett and realizes.
Her husband is actively working.
Paul locks her.
She denounces her husband.
Later  she manages to escape and hurries  planning to reveal.
What she knows.
Paul tries to stop his wife.
He shoots her.
She rides.
Hearing the shots  Farrell rides lying on the ground  takes her in his arms  and rides off seeking refuge with Walking Bear and his people.
Beth warns Farrell about Brett s plan to take over Bonanza Creek.
Soon.
The Indians discover Paul s body  shot by a.
.
He tries to talk them out.
When Farrell learns that the Indians intend to go.
He and Beth are held captive.
Farrell rides.
When Beth escapes to warn the townspeople.
Harris and members of the gang set a trap and capture Farrell.
The Indians come and kill his captors.
Then they ride and quietly go about killing Brett s men in the streets.
The injured Harris makes his way back to warn Brett.
Who s holed up as his hostage.
The cowardly Brett uses Beth and tries to escape.
When Farrell and the Indians arrive.
Beth breaks away.
Farrell enters the jail alone and sees.
Brett is out.
He puts down his.
45s and the two men fight.
Brett goes for Farrell s guns.
Farrell shoots him.
Afterwards  Farrell walks out and is embraced by Beth.
<EOS>
Tom acquires a book.
Takes its advice to attempt to catch the mouse.
The first thing is to locate the mouse.
The book suggests.
Tom locates the mouse.
The rodent steps off the book and slams Tom s nose.
When Tom tries to grab Jerry.
Tom sets out the trap and tests it.
Jerry  however  succeeds.
Shocked  Tom tests it.
The trap snaps as soon as he touches it  screaming.
Tom soon sets a snare trap  ready to pull the string.
Jerry sneakily replaces the trap.
He sees the cream and drinks it himself.
When Tom peeks back.
Jerry activates the trap  sending the cat out.
Tom s next attempt is to guffaw.
Reading the book.
A curious Jerry ventures captures Jerry by shutting him into the book.
But  Jerry pulls the same trick with his fists.
When Tom grabs him.
Tom inspects them only to get punched.
Leaving Jerry to escape.
A Cornered Mouse NEVER FIGHTS.
But Jerry fights back and beats.
Tom offscreen   Tom drones Do nt you believe it.
Tom stops.
Reading the book  trying suggestions that he likes or thinks will work.
Tom uses a stethoscope to listen for Jerry within the walls of the house.
Jerry screams.
Almost deafens Tom.
Tom forces a double-barrelled shotgun.
However  Jerry bends the barrels.
It points  rendering himself bald.
The cat fires and ends up shooting himself.
Tom wears a dodgy  orange toupee.
Tom sets a bear trap and sticks it.
Just then  Jerry walks outside and puts it behind him.
The trap triggers  causing pain.
As Tom sits down.
Sending him up.
Tom then tries to use a mallet to flatten Jerry.
Jerry then pops out  grabs the mallet  and hits him  knocking him unconscious.
Tom then attempts to hide before knocking on Jerry s wall.
Jerry  seeing the box  knocks.
He returns with a bunch of pins before sawing the box in half.
Hearing nothing inside  Jerry looks.
He gulps and displays.
A sign reading IS THERE A DOCTOR.
Jerry  noticing the toy  walks.
Tom attempts to lure Jerry  Jerry ushers the mechanical mouse into the hotel first.
The door of which leads.
Tom swallows.
He repeatedly hiccups  an enraged Tom looks in a mirror  and then destroys both the mirror and the book before going mad with revenge and attempting to blow away Jerry with dozens of explosives.
He blows the fuse much too hard  resulting.
When Tom lights a piece.
Nothing at all remains.
Tom s spirit is floating to heaven  with a harp and a halo repeatedly hiccuping come up and see me some time.
<EOS>
Astronomer George Herbert and his wife Felicity are celebrating their 10th wedding anniversary.
He and his son Alex look through their telescope.
Instead  they see a meteor-like object.
George s boss calls him in to investigate the object.
Felicity takes Alex.
C.
Who promises to meet them when he is done working.
His radio makes strange noises.
George drives to work.
His car then shuts down right.
A large  flaming object crashes.
He goes and finds a massive meteor in a crater.
All have somehow been disabled.
A young woman named.
Audrey runs.
She is scared.
Her boyfriend Max fell.
George encourages Max to climb out.
The young man is distracted.
Suddenly  metallic tentacles grabs Max and other people.
Slowly  a large  crab-like Martian walker climbs out and fires a.
George manages to escape and makes his way home.
Where nothing electrical works.
He starts walking.
Where he hopes to find his family.
He sets off to locate his brother  Matt  a Army Ranger.
The next day  George comes.
Where soldiers are holding back civilian refugees.
A mother  tells George.
Who believes the Martians are just terrorists.
Washington  along  were invaded first.
Another meteor crashes nearby.
A walker attacks the soldiers.
George escapes and runs.
Whose entire squad was lost.
He agrees to travel to Hopewell.
They meet Lt.
Samuelson.
Who is outraged that the aliens killed his family and interested because he is a scientist.
He tells George.
Washington was completely wiped out.
There are no survivors  not even the President.
George and Kerry reach Hopewell.
The town was already invaded.
They find Matt.
Who is fatally wounded.
He eventually dies.
George and Kerry are separated  with George escaping in a canoe.
George develops an extreme fever and spends two days in an abandoned car.
He is found.
They find an unscathed neighborhood and find food and clothes.
George and the Pastor hide upstairs.
Where they find several vials.
A giant explosion causes the house.
George wakes hours later to find.
A meteor has destroyed the neighborhood.
He observes the aliens draining blood.
George plans to use a rabies vaccine.
George injects it.
When a Martian enters the house.
It quickly retreats.
The alien returns and sprays acid  killing him in seconds.
George hides the house s ruins.
The aliens abandon the crater days later.
He again runs.
Kerry insists.
George can not fight them.
Samuelson suddenly shoots Kerry.
George then kills Samuelson and finally reaches Washington.
Lies. 
Unable to find his family  he sees a single Martian and surrenders  having lost everything to the invaders.
The alien however drops dead.
A group of survivors appear and reveal.
The aliens have been dying from an airborne virus.
Alex and Felicity are.
The family is tearfully reunited.
The Martians have been killed.
The survivors are left to rebuild.
<EOS>
Are the fragments.
Flowright  Mokona Modoki and Sakura move with Mokona.
Here  they visit the Country  a seemingly peaceful country  each person having a bird companion.
Where people and birds live together.
Syaoran  Sakura and Mokona are separated from Kurogane and Fai.
Who are confronted and ultimately captured.
Syaoran  Sakura and Mokona meet a kid name Koruri.
Who introduces them.
Tomoyo explains that about  and plans to use a key to seal the country.
The king  her uncle  maintains oppressed citizens  having had their birds taken.
They are then attacked.
Who easily defeat the opposing Syaoran and Tomoyo s commander  and kidnap Tomoyo and Mokona.
Syaoran  Sakura  Koruri and the commander proceed to infiltrate.
The king then manages to unleash Dodo  an enormous bird.
Who was sealed.
It becomes the king s subordinate.
Fai  Kurogane and Mokona manage to escape and are confronted by creatures born from Dodo.
They manage to reunite.
Who go from the castle to stop the king.
Sakura gives Syaoran a ring.
Tomoyo previously gave her.
Syaoran confronts Dodo  realizing.
It is composed.
Tomoyo s bird  Lei-Fan  appears to aid Syaoran fight Dodo.
Who is carrying the king.
Tomoyo tells Syaoran to use her ring to fight the king.
Causes Syaoran to be surrounded  and launches himself to destroy Dodo.
Syaoran also knocks out the king.
Whose body dissolves  leaving one of Sakura s feathers behind.
However   the country remains trapped in darkness.
Syaoran s group request help.
Tomoyo gives Yuko her bell  sacrificing the relationship  in exchange of a key.
Frees the country.
<EOS>
Susan Fletcher and her millionaire father  Simon  are eager to take care.
Her deceased brother-in-law s will placed them.
Mr Fletcher s lawyers inform him.
There is nothing they can do  unless John can be shown to be unemployed.
However   he also seems to be able to find new ones just as quickly.
He loses jobs frequently.
Susan decides to investigate.
She passes herself off and talks John s kindly landlord into giving her a place to stay.
She becomes acquainted.
Susan and John begin to fall.
It only seems to lose him all.
When Susan tries to help him out.
He is delighted.
When she informs her father.
He has the authorities pick up the two girls for a custody hearing.
John learns  and assumes.
She is.
The girls are given.
John is now out.
She tells them.
When it becomes clear that they are desperately unhappy to be away from John.
They can go home.
However   they agree  and agree to stay.
When they find her weeping.
Her plan to keep them so that John will have time to paint is a good one.
Stubborn  John rejects Susan s suggestion.
He enter a painting contest.
Susan gets the police to put John on trumped up charges  and sees to it.
He gets no food unless he paints.
He finally caves in  then paints an unflattering caricature.
Susan is delighted with the work and arranges to sell it for a large sum.
He realizes.
When John is released.
Susan is looking out.
The couple reconcile.
<EOS>
Harry Dighby and Walter Hill are struggling vaudevillians.
Who are sent when Dighby is caught robbing audience members.
They are assigned to a cultured  wealthy  and charming bank robber named Adam Worth.
Worth plans to rob the Lowell Bank and Trust  both to avenge himself.
Who had arranged his capture  and because his ego can not resist the temptation.
He procures detailed diagrams.
A reforming newspaperwoman named.
Lissa Chestnut visits their cell  during which visit Dighby and Hill manage to photograph the bank plans  then burn the originals.
They break out.
Worth is also paroled.
They meet and  by force  Worth manages to extract a copy of the photographed plans from them.
Dighby  Hill  and Chestnut then band with Worth and his professional bank robbing squad to see.
Who can first rob the Lowell Bank and Trust.
<EOS>
The Sunflower Manual was stolen from the palace.
A Jinyi Wei team is sent to retrieve it.
The Jinyi Wei attack Lin Zhennan and his son Lin Pingzhi.
The Lins separate to avoid their pursuers.
Lin Zhennan meets Linghu Chong and Yue Lingshan  requesting them to inform his son about the manual s location.
Just then  Zuo Lengchan appears.
A fight ensues  but Linghu Chong and Yue Lingshan manage to escape.
They travel to meet Yue Buqun and encounter Liu Zhengfeng and Qu Yang along the way.
Linghu Chong strikes up a friendship.
They perform their musical piece Xiaoao Jianghu.
Zuo Lengchan shows up and attempts to force Liu Zhengfeng to hand over Linghu Chong  accusing Liu of conspiring with the Demonic Cult.
Liu Zhengfeng and Qu Yang manage to fight their way out.
Linghu Chong is wounded by Zuo Lengchan.
He escapes and hides.
He hears Liu Zhengfeng and Qu Yang playing their musical piece and finds them.
Liu Zhengfeng and Qu Yang present Linghu Chong.
<EOS>
The film centers   believed to be dead.
Who head to find a lost professor.
Jemma recovered his lighter.
She rounds up the three men to head and to find the legendary Imas tribe.
Who possess an equally legendary treasure and with whom the professor is believed to be found.
She immediately telephones Pete.
Jemma happens.
Who agrees and hires Fred and Mark to successfully steal a seaplane  in which the three men fly down to the River Amazon to meet Jemma.
United  they then head  to hire a guide named Juan Garcia.
They decide to head out.
When Garcia refuses to help.
First  they need more gasoline.
They find.
A man named Don Pedro  who runs a business that transports monkeys.
Don Pedro agrees to give them gasoline.
Pete resuscitates a monkey.
They catch monkeys.
The group heads by canoe.
Where Pete uses a trumpet to greet strangers.
A small electric ray swims up a guide s anus.
They reach their destination and set camp.
The group suffer an attack by bats  before moving on to hunt monkeys.
A guide instructs the group.
To use a blowpipe.
The hunt begins.
They bag several monkeys  and even more with nets.
The local natives  however.
Who eat the monkeys  become disgruntled  and capture the hunters.
Jemma is forced to act  Mark is covered in and bitten by red ants.
Pete is hung tightly.
He negotiates their release.
Now free  they return to give the monkeys and continue on their way.
Jemma tells her friends.
She knows.
However  they find.
When they arrive.
The contact and most have been slaughtered by gold prospectors  who are also looking for the Imas and their treasure.
Our four heroes decide.
They must stop these gold hunters before they reach the Imas.
A young tribal girl  Kuwala  also knows  and agrees to take them there.
Where to find the Imas.
They help rescue her sister  who was kidnapped.
They rescue a leopard.
The group meets a river snake fisherman.
When they set out again.
He gives them shelter.
They help him catch anacondas.
Jemma must also fight off unwanted advances.
The next morning  they fly off and finally locate the gold prospectors  camp.
They sneak in and overpower the men to rescue Kuwala s sister  but are captured shortly afterwards.
All five are taken.
Who turns out to be Juan Garcia.
Garcia threatens to have the men s penises bitten off.
Kuwala does nt tell him where the Imas are located.
Kuwala agrees  and tells him.
The Imas are  where three rivers meet.
It s called ` The Island.
The other four fight back against their captors and escape with Kuwala and her sister.
They steal a barrel  tie the canoes to the plane.
The plane drags the excess down river.
Kuwala s sister is taken and begins to drown.
Setting up their next camp site.
Mark flies the plane down the river.
Fred barefoot skis to save her  only for Fred and the others to be caught by child smugglers  except for Mark  who escapes in the aircraft.
The smugglers drug the children.
They kidnap and ship them to various buyers  who want to harvest their organs.
Mark returns to set fire  smoking them out.
The others rescue the children and escape back.
However  Jemma is bitten by a venomous snake.
Kuwala guides them.
Where they use their tribal medicine to restore Jemma.
They get back on their way.
Finally  the group locates the Island  only to find.
The gold prospectors have beaten them there.
Fred  Mark  and Pete head.
The others stay behind.
There they find several mutilated bodies  tortured.
Of whom they find and overcome  taking their weapons.
They then become embroiled.
Which the hunters are finally outnumbered and slaughtered.
They find Professor Korenz.
Who has been adopted.
Jemma and the others make their way.
Where Professor Korenz reveals that the tribe is not the Imas.
Jemma  however   tells the professor.
They should leave and claim that they have   discovered the Imas tribe  for fame and funding when they return home.
They betray Pete  Mark  and Fred.
There would be no one to refute their discovery.
Years later  Jemma and Professor Korenz return to bring back the three men.
They had left behind.
Pete then narrates the eventual fates  the professor is back in the Amazon  Jemma is a successful journalist  Mark is an airline pilot  Fred opened a water skiing school.
Pete is a bandleader.
<EOS>
Jeff The Dude Lebowski returns home only to be roughed up.
Lebowski s wife owes a man named Jackie Treehorn.
They realize.
They are looking.
They leave.
The Dude discusses the situation.
The Dude decides to seek compensation for the rug from the other Jeffrey Lebowski.
The next day  the titular Big Lebowski  a wheelchair-bound millionaire  refuses The Dude s request.
The Dude meets Bunny Lebowski  the Big Lebowski s nymphomaniac trophy wife  while leaving the premises.
Days later  the Big Lebowski contacts The Dude  revealing.
Bunny has been kidnapped.
He asks The Dude to act.
The Dude will be able to confirm whether or not the kidnappers were the same thugs.
Later  a different set enter The Dude s apartment  knock him unconscious  and steal his new rug.
Walter tries to convince The Dude to keep the money and give the kidnappers a ringer suitcase filled.
When Bunny s kidnappers call to arrange the ransom exchange.
The kidnappers escape.
The Dude and Walter are left.
Later that night  The Dude s car is stolen.
The Dude receives a message.
Who admits.
The Dude visits her.
She reveals.
Bunny is a porn starlet working.
She agrees.
Bunny kidnapped herself and asks The Dude to recover the ransom.
It was illegally withdrawn from a charity.
The Big Lebowski angrily confronts The Dude  and hands The Dude  presumably Bunny s.
An envelope sent by the kidnappers which contains a severed toe.
The Dude later receives a message.
His car has been found.
Mid-message  three German nihilists invade the Dude s apartment  identifying themselves.
They interrogate and threaten him.
The Dude returns.
Where she identifies the German nihilists.
The Dude picks up his car.
The briefcase is still missing.
He and Walter track down the supposed thief  a teenager named Larry Sellers.
Their confrontation is unsuccessful.
The Dude and Walter leave.
Jackie Treehorn s thugs return.
Treehorn inquires.
The money  offering him a cut recovered.
Treehorn then drugs The Dude s drink and The Dude passes out.
The Dude wakes up in a police car and is then placed in front of the police chief of Malibu.
The police chief verbally and physically assaults The Dude and warns him not to return.
The Dude exits and a red sportscar zooms past.
Bunny is driving.
The Dude is greeted.
Who seduces him.
The Dude learns.
She hopes to conceive a child but wants him to have no hand in the child s upbringing.
He also finds out.
Her father has no money of his own.
Maude s late mother was the rich one.
She left her money exclusively.
The Dude unravels the whole scheme   he used it as a pretense for an embezzlement scheme.
When the Big Lebowski heard that Bunny was kidnapped.
Which he withdrew the ransom money to keep for himself.
He gave an empty briefcase  and was content to let the kidnappers kill Bunny.
Meanwhile  it is now clear.
The kidnapping was itself a ruse.
The nihilists alleged a kidnapping.
Bunny took an unannounced trip.
Order to get money.
The Dude and Walter arrive  finding Bunny back at home from her trip.
They confront the Big Lebowski.
The affair apparently over  The Dude and his bowling teammates are suddenly confronted.
Who have set The Dude s car.
They once again demand the million dollars.
What The Dude and Walter know.
Walter responds.
However   the Dude s timid bowling companion Donny has a heart attack and dies.
Walter and The Dude go.
Walter turns to the Vietnam War and accidentally covers The Dude with Donny s ashes.
Let s go bowling.
The movie ends back.
Where The Stranger  a narrator seen sitting  speaks to the camera and hints to the audience that Maude may be pregnant with a little Lebowski.
<EOS>
The director invites one of his employees to his country villa to give him the good news.
He just got promoted.
However  the old man is not.
What he seems.
Promotion has a price.
<EOS>
The story opens Karan discovering the deceased body of Rahul s wife  Pooja  hanging in the living room of her home.
Soon enough   her body is removed.
Nowhere to be found.
The film turns.
The investigations go on.
Where it is revealed that Karan used to be Pooja s.
Karan was brash and good-looking  but had a major flaw - he was obsessed and violently jealous of anyone paying her any attention.
Karan s flaw caused Pooja to initially fear him and eventually break up.
He leaves town.
She becomes a famous music performer and soon meets a handsome  loving  wealthy man  Rahul.
Pooja loves her husband very much.
She promises  flashbacks are shown with a happy marriage.
She will never do anything to shame him.
Gets shattered when the couple are involved  causing Rahul to go completely blind.
Karan  unaware to Rahul  as he left the country to make something of himself for Pooja to be proud of.
He could become worthy in marriage.
He is heartbroken to find out.
When he comes back a rich businessman.
His ex-lover is married believing all his hard work was and later becomes a business partner and friend of Rahul.
One day  Rahul takes Karan .
Where Karan is as he sees Pooja.
The story goes back.
Where an unknown man is trying to blackmail Karan as Pooja s jewelry is found.
To make matters worse  someone seems to be trying to kill Rahul.
The police take Karan to the police station.
Eventually Karan is indicted  but denies his involvement.
Though he knows that he loved Pooja.
Also  the big twisted shock is.
When it is revealed that Rahul is actually not blind  and.
He keeps up the act.
Karan discovers.
He does not understand.
When he s already been brought.
He saw Pooja in the arms of Karan.
When Rahul went to surprise Pooja.
Feeling betrayed  Rahul ignores Pooja.
Who wonders.
Pooja feels an overwhelming sense.
Rahul indirectly reveals that he has gained his eyesight by telling her to go to bed as it s late.
She realizes.
Karan together.
Feeling she commits suicide the next morning.
She s shamed her marriage.
Pooja leaves.
Karan was Pooja s past and violently possessive boyfriend.
Whose obsession became the worst.
Fearing his anger and craziness  Pooja decides to leave Karan  only to find him.
He threatened Pooja.
When Karan came back.
If she does nt cheat with him  then Karan shall kill the innocent Rahul.
Fearing  Pooja decides to play along with Karan.
She can figure out how to get out  only to make matters worse.
Rahul was attempting to slowly get revenge on Karan for Pooja s death.
She committed suicide.
Then Pooja would never have felt.
Karan did nt re-enter their lives and try to get Pooja back.
She had to commit suicide.
Rahul had arranged.
He could cremate her body himself.
The police think it was nt suicide but murder plants evidence to show Karan was at the beach.
The film ends.
Rahul smiles and shows him the batteries and leaves Karan to his fate.
He bribed the jail guard to get as he guessed what Karan would try to do.
<EOS>
This movie is the story  and her efforts in working with a young sullen Helen Keller.
The movie focuses.
Helen has been unable to communicate through physical temper tantrums.
A childhood illness took her three senses at the age of 19 months old.
She is allowed to eat  knock over or break anything and basically do.
Whatever else she desires.
All looked at with pity by her family.
Her family loves her.
They are all convinced.
She is a dumb  soft-brained child.
She is barely pacified.
When she throws a tantrum and is headed in a sanitarium when Annie Sullivan enters her life as Helen s parents  last-ditch effort to avoid the inevitable.
Plagued and orphaned at a young age  Annie Sullivan has the right mix of steeliness  empathy and patience to turn her young student s behavior around and teach her language.
Annie s job is made more difficult by Helen s imperious plantation-owner father  Captain Keller  and her overly soft-hearted mother  Kate Keller.
When they doubt her authority and challenge her methods.
Annie s goal is to not just teach Helen to behave but to break through with the gift of communication.
Using sign language and signing the letters to spell words  Annie makes large strides toward improving Helen s behavior.
Annie is still unable to reach a break through with Helen.
When her mandated time deadline is reached.
She begins to revert to her old ways of acting.
Annie takes.
Helen is made.
Helen makes the connection are the communicative representation of those things in the physical world around her.
The words Annie has been spelling.
The word water is the wet fluid coming out.
The doorway for communication is opened to Helen.
She can now survive and thrive through the eyes and ears of others.
<EOS>
Raiders opens up with Indiana Jones and Satipo in a jungle.
The two face several traps.
Indy and Satipo continue their journey.
He dances  leaving Satipo a bit confused.
When Indiana Jones has to get.
Indy grabs the idol and runs.
He crossed the tiles.
The temple collapses.
Satipo crosses the pit first  and gestures for giving Indy the whip.
Indy throws the idol.
It hits Satipo and knocks him out.
Indy then builds a bridge out to get across the pit.
He retrieves the whip and idol.
He crosses it.
The boulder trap is triggered.
Indy was able to escape.
Once outside  he finds Rene Belloq waiting for him with two Hovitos warriors.
Suddenly  the boulder crashes.
Where it was stuck and flattens Rene Belloq and the Hovitos.
Indy jumps away.
Indiana Jones and Marion Ravenwood are seen.
Two German soldiers hoist the Ark  Indy and Marion then build a Lego elevator to escape the tomb.
They try to fend off snakes.
Indy and Marion safely get out.
Indy goes.
Has the Ark.
Indiana spots his father  Henry Jones Sr.
Reading a book.
Indy jumps and drives it.
German soldiers grabs a flag  and knocks down both soldiers  and then uses his whip to get himself on top of the truck.
The driver stops abruptly.
Indy falls  he then accindentally pulls a piece of the hood off and falls  and goes under the truck.
He reappears clinging.
The grill breaks off and goes under it.
Indy gets and surfs on it  then leaps into the truck  and knocks the two German soldiers  a window frame  and a Stormtrooper out of the truck.
Indy gets and pushes him out as well.
Indy drives the truck.
His father then joins him to ride off.
This chapter opens up.
Mutt Williams comes out and is delighted to see Indy coming back.
Mutt gets angry briefly.
When Indy s vehicle gets and accidentally runs over Mutt s motorcycle.
Indy shows Mutt the checklist checked off.
The only unchecked item is Skull  and the two journey into the jungle.
Suddenly  a rumbling sound is heard.
Cutting is Irina Spalko on a jungle cutter.
The two run and escape the cutter by falling into a ditch.
They find themselves.
Runs down a track.
Literally says END.
They see the jungle cutter again.
They continue running.
The jungle cutter tries to follow  it crashes.
Spalko is then thrown off the vehicle.
The jungle cutter gets destroyed.
It forms a new machine.
Indy and Mutt decide to cut some pepperoni.
Later  Indy and Mutt arrive.
Two natives stop them.
They point.
Says a person had to be as tall.
Mutt is too short to go in  much.
He is able to go.
Indiana and Mutt run from spears.
They come.
Indy s reflection is Han Solo.
Mutt s reflection is.
Later   Indy takes the Crystal Skull.
Irina and Mutt are.
The temple collapses  probably leaving Irina to be crushed.
A close-up shows the skull.
The movie ends.
4 starts.
But  Chapter 3 does not repeat itself.
All four chapters are presented together.
The chapter begins.
Mutt hangs the Crystal Skull together with other lanterns and seems to be a good bug electrifier.
The Idol is used.
The Ark is used.
And Henry Jones Sr.
Toasts glasses.
It is then revealed.
The film was being watched by Lego versions of Steven Spielberg and George Lucas  who nod at each other as the movie ends and give each other a high-five with a whip crack.
<EOS>
The film centers.
Who captured a notorious Nazi doctor who had performed human experimentation in a German extermination camp.
When he escaped  reported him as being shot once in the head and killed during his attempted escape.
The agents received numerous accolades for their actions  with none suspecting the truth.
They learn.
He may be alive  repentant  and likely to expose the truth.
<EOS>
Norm is a confused young man.
Who is drawn after witnessing the murder of rock star Madeleine X.
Jane  a mysterious woman  meets Norm.
Zelda  a quirky bohemian artist  helps Norm get a job and attempt to solve the murder.
<EOS>
An imaginary journey thorough the senses.
Transported  he faces himself.
<EOS>
The English archaeologist Howard Carter and his financier  Lord Carnarvon discover the grave of.
Rumors.
Invites. 
Collector Sabastian is.
The legendary gold sarcophagus.
The Curse seems to be effective.
There will be a series.
<EOS>
A dejected youth Vijay decides to end his life.
He sees.
The dead body called Kishore and takes away his mobile phone.
The call brings him fortune.
He attends.
He gets.
Richer and money starts coming from all quarters.
Fate takes a different turn.
A baddie Moddu Poorana calls up and threatens Vijay.
A new girl Swapna   also enters.
Who knew Kishore but never met him.
Vijay s life.
Escape. 
Vijay manages to put together the pieces.
<EOS>
Kate is struggling  she can not move forward despite her talent.
Her boss  Mr Mercer  passes her up.
She is not stable enough.
Her co-worker  Darcy  invents a story claiming.
Kate is engaged.
All seems to work out well.
Kate is forced to bring her alleged fiance with Mercer and his wife.
Nick saves a little girl and winds up in the news.
She asks Nick to break up.
Nick   complies to please Kate.
Who already likes Kate.
Meanwhile  Sam  a colleague  takes notices.
Kate had always wanted.
They have sex twice.
She starts to like him.
Kate and Nick get to know each other.
The night arrives.
Kate and Nick are prepared.
But  Nick tries to suppress the fight.
However  Kate just wants the fight to happen.
Kate tries to drive Nick into a fight.
It does nt work.
She pays a restaurant employee to call her number and tries to make.
It seem like Nick is having an affair.
Nick is a bit.
Lost but figures it out and finally plays along.
Kate admits to Mercer her cover-up  stating.
She was dressing.
Mercer pays a visit.
Where she tells him.
Mercer counters.
He exaggerated his own past  and suggests she take a few days off to go to Massachusetts and patch things up with Nick.
Kate walks in.
Nick is recording a wedding.
He rebuffs her attempts up.
She humiliates herself  as Nick did in front of her boss earlier.
Satisfied  he invites her.
The playing field has been leveled.
They make up.
Kate accepts.
<EOS>
Oscar Bonsetter tells a dying prisoner.
He will take revenge.
Oscar is told of a stash of money.
Oscar is eventually released.
He gets sidetracked.
When he is goes to get his revenge.
The tension builds.
Oscar becomes more and more attracted.
It has a very famous love making scene.
<EOS>
Eleven days.
Who is about to become the next Danish Prime Minister and his wife.
His situation is critical.
Nobody knows.
He will survive.
Even his wife   is not informed.
Who is also hospitalised.
The next day  Torp is assigned to cover the election.
Quickly  he is drawn.
Where two very different politicians  Erik Dreyer and Lone Kjeldsen  show interest.
Torp  the son  writes his first front-page story after a tip-off from the Centre Party press coordinator  Peter Schou.
The story turns out to be planted spin.
Order to damage Lone Kjeldsen to allow the advantage.
Ulrik is determined to get behind the lies.
Drive Kjeldsen s vulnerable husband.
Tracing the misinformation  he reveals.
What he knows.
Both close ranks and Torp is fired.
Torp tries to confront Dreier.
What he knows to be a cover-up who is reported as being still.
Sources tell him the man was brain dead.
Even Brunn s 22-year-old son is paid out to back Dreier s stalling.
But Dreier dismisses Torp.
Finally   Torp succeeds in exposing the plot and Dreier on national television.
The effects last only a short time and influence push him on a wave to the top.
<EOS>
Sir Arthur Wellesley  the commander of the British army fighting the French in Portugal  is saved from three pursuing French cavalrymen by Sergeant Richard Sharpe.
Wellesley rewards Sharpe to lieutenant and command of the chosen men  a handful of sharpshooters previously led by Rifleman Patrick Harper.
The two men take an instant dislike.
Wellesley has no money to pay his men  however  he has arranged.
James Rothschild has set out with a badly needed bank draft  but is overdue.
Sharpe  his men  and a company are sent out to search for him.
The company is surprised and wiped out.
Sharpe and his men are out scouting the terrain.
The band took refuge.
Harper tells Sharpe  he and Sharpe end up fighting and are taken unawares.
The men have decided that they want to go back.
Sharpe declares Harper a mutineer and joins forces.
They are headed.
Sharpe begins.
The guerrillas are protecting a chest.
Sharpe frees him and drops the mutiny charge.
When Harper kills two French cavalrymen to protect it.
They encounter the Parkers  a Methodist missionary couple and their niece.
Whom they take.
Major Hogan  Wellesley s chief  shows up.
Orders Sharpe to assist Vivar.
The Spaniard has brought a thousand-year-old family heirloom - the Gonfalon of Santiago or Banner of Blood.
Legend has it.
Santiago himself will appear to defend Spain when the flag is raised.
Sharpe  Teresa  Vivar and their men attack and defeat the French garrison.
Vivar crosses swords.
Who turns out to be his own brother  the Count  and kills him.
He then raises the flag.
Colonel de LEclin is about to shoot an unarmed Sharpe  but is shot and killed by Rifleman Perkins.
Sharpe rewards the young Perkins.
Sharpe reports back.
Sharpe reveals.
When the general expresses his disappointment that Sharpe did not find Rothschild.
Mrs Parker is the banker  to Wellesley s delight.
Afterwards  Sharpe and Teresa make love.
She leaves to continue fighting the French.
<EOS>
Cinderella is the much-loved only child.
His beloved daughter needs a mother s care.
Plain and socially awkward  these stepsisters are bitterly envious.
Lady Tremaine and her daughters take over the estate  and begin to abuse and mistreat Cinderella out of jealousy  and even allow their cat  Lucifer  to torment her.
Cinderella becomes a kind woman and befriends the animals living in the barn and many of the mice and birds.
Who live.
The King is distressed.
His son does not intend to marry.
Determined to see grandchildren  the King and the Duke organize a ball  with every eligible maiden in the kingdom requested to attend.
Cinderella asks her stepmother.
When the invitation arrives.
She can attend.
She too is an eligible maiden.
Lady Tremaine agrees  provided and finds something suitable to wear.
Cinderella finishes her chores.
Her animal friends  led  fix a gown.
Belonged  using beads and a sash cast away by Drizella and Anastasia.
Lady Tremaine compliments Cinderella s gown  subtly pointing out the beads and sash.
When Cinderella wears her dress.
Angered  the stepsisters destroy the gown  forcing Cinderella to remain behind.
Her stepfamily leaves.
Cinderella s Fairy Godmother appears and bestows upon Cinderella a silver blue dress with glass slippers  and transforms a pumpkin and various animals into a carriage with horses  a coachman and a footman.
Cinderella departs.
The godmother warns her that the spell will break  meaning that her dress and everything else will change back to the way they were.
The Prince rejects every girl.
He sees Cinderella.
The two fall alone throughout the castle grounds.
The clock starts to chime midnight.
Cinderella flees.
They plan to find Cinderella.
The Duke tells the King.
They recovered.
The next morning  the King proclaims.
The Grand Duke will visit every house  so that she can be married to the Prince.
Her stepmother and stepsisters prepare.
When this news reaches Cinderella s household.
Cinderella  overhearing the news  begins dreamily humming the song the previous night.
Cinderella is the girl who danced.
The mice steal the key.
When the Grand Duke arrives.
They are ambushed.
They can deliver it.
The animals alert Bruno  Cinderella s bloodhound.
Who scares Lucifer.
Cinderella appears and requests to try it on.
The Duke prepares to leave after the stepsisters unsuccessfully try.
Knowing  Lady Tremaine trips the footman  causing him to drop the slipper.
The slipper will fit.
Shatters. 
The Duke laments.
Cinderella then produces the other glass slipper  much.
Delighted  the Duke slides the slipper onto her foot.
Fits perfectly.
Cinderella and the Prince celebrate their wedding  surrounded by confetti tossed by the King  the Grand Duke and the mice.
<EOS>
The film s underlying plot is to create the ultimate brassiere.
Samantha   is the project leader.
Who is managing the Hong Kong subsidiary.
She appoints two zany but highly creative designers to aid her.
Johnny flirts.
He claims.
The story was more engaged.
However  Samantha snubbed.
His overtures and their love affair remained.
Meanwhile  various prototypes were tried and tested  but with appalling results.
Apparently  Wayne and Johnny being both male were unable to realise the finer points.
Lena  a lover.
Also working then got the inspiration.
The ultimate bra is the one which incorporates the feeling a woman has when her male lover lovingly supports her breasts.
Accordingly  the two designers created just such an undergarment and was approved.
<EOS>
<EOS>
Sexy Las Vegas vixens have a master plan hoping to beat all the odds.
One sexy lady gambles everything to get ahead.
The Casino Job.
<EOS>
Shaymin  a hedgehog-like legendary Pokemon  is drawn.
Who drags the latter two.
A frightened Shaymin uses its powers to escape through a portal back to venture to Earth by trapping it in an infinite time loop.
The battle is witnessed.
Shaymin survives  ending up  causing mayhem whilst trying to steal Ash s lunch.
Where it runs.
Shaken  Shaymin falls ill but healed at the local Pokemon Centre.
Ash is frustrated.
He and his friends agree to take Shaymin   through a process called flower bearing.
It and others can migrate and grow a new garden where they go.
Team Rocket appear and try to run off.
The kids encounter Giratina but are rescued by Newton.
Who explains the distorted world is an alternate dimension which reflects Earth.
He was trapped.
The balance was damaged during Dialga and Palkia s fight in the previous film.
Giratina targets Shaymin  angry.
It helped Dialga escape its punishment  prompting Newton to send the kids and Pokemon back.
Team Rocket are too slow to follow.
Zero  seeking Shaymin s power  attacks the kids  forcing them to escape onto a departing train.
The kids befriend several train passengers  Shaymin making contact and transforms into its Sky Forme  altering its appearance to a deer-like state and allowing it to fly.
Zero s Pokemon attack.
Shaymin  Pikachu and Piplup blast them out.
The kids board a ferry heading  followed by Zero and his Pokemon.
Where the Shaymin live  but are sucked.
Giratina attacks the group.
Shayman provokes it.
Zero appears  reveals  and plans to open a portal for Giratina to return to Earth.
He was Newton s assistant.
Shaymin panics  opening a portal and sends everyone  save Team Rocket  back to Shaymin s home.
Freed is captured by Zero using a device to absorb Giratina s abilities.
Was originally built.
He cancelled the project.
Giratina would die.
Zero uses the device.
The kids attack.
Zero s ship whilst Newton is able to shut down the device  releasing Giratina.
It collapses.
Shaymin revives it.
Zero flees to destroy Earth  damaging the mountain s glacier  awakening Regigigas.
Who comes to save the glacier aided.
Ash  Pikachu  Shaymin and Giratina battle Zero  is empowered.
Whose attack ship.
Shaymin uses the full extent.
Giratina returns Ash and Pikachu and restores the damage Zero has caused.
Shaymin is finally able to perform flower bearing.
Newton rescues Zero.
Who is then arrested.
Ash  Dawn and Brock send bouquets to their respective families.
<EOS>
The story begins.
O.
Skunk.
Is propelled.
B.
O.
Washes and dozes himself with expired perfume.
Then  he goes out.
The flowers are rotting and falling.
O.
Walks he sees a pretty squirrel.
Calls him closer.
But when B.
O.
Goes to squirrel  she runs out and stays a sign NO VACANCY.
All point that B.
O.
Haves a stinky smell.
Everyone runs.
B.
O.
Then sees a pretty female rabbit.
He first gives her a flower  and then substitutes himself for smell.
Female rabbit   runs in her hole and zips it.
B.
O.
Cries  does nt knowing.
What to do.
Then  Cupid appears and gives the skunk a book Advice.
The first chapter says to try a great lover routine.
B.
O.
Then goes  sitting on the branch and attracts her in the manner of Charles Boyer.
All goes good.
The squirrel feels the stinky smell.
O.
And runs out.
B.
O.
Thinking he kisses a squirell  kisses all the branch and then a sleepy owl.
Owl falls.
The second chapter says to try a balcony routine.
B.
O.
Dresses climbs up the tree to female raccoon while singing a serenade.
Raccoon is attracted by B.
O.
But   she throws a pot.
When raccoon feels the smell.
B.
O.
Falls. 
Even fishes do nt like B.
O.
S smell and then they run away.
Then  an big female rabbit goes.
O.
Grabs him and wants.
O.
But even she runs.
The next chapter says Swoon em.
O.
Then gets a Frank Sinatra suit and pours it to become more thicker.
Then  B.
O.
- Sinatra sings a Rhapsody with really Sinatra s voice.
All forest s females run to hear B.
O.
S singing.
All are swooned.
Even an old female rabbit jumps.
O.
Continue to sing ends to sing.
All females are jump.
But then  they all run out  having detected his smell.
Despaired B.
O.
Then wants to do a suicide.
No one loves him.
But Cupid stops him and shows the last advise  camouflage.
O.
Then sees a pretty fox and disguises himsef.
Then  B.
O.
Whistles. 
Fox likes B.
O.
And she kisses him.
B.
O.
Is excited and then walks on trunk  lying horizontally above the river.
B.
O.
And Fox then lose their balance and fall into river.
Downcast B.
O.
Thinks. 
Now fox will run away  as the paint has washed out.
But fox is a painted skunk too  but female.
Paint washes out  revealing her true appearance.
The both understand.
They are both skunks  and kiss longly.
Iris out  and B.
O.
Throws the advice book out.
<EOS>
The film opens.
The images date further and further back.
The people and the pilots are dead.
The only survivors  three young women  are the obvious killers.
The leader finds an air-hostess still alive.
She breaks her neck and the women jump out of the plane  allowing it to crash into Berlin.
A young criminal  Lena  lurks near a cash dispenser.
She pickpockets his credit card.
As her victim has used the machine.
A police officer  Tom  chases.
Lena climbs over a barbwired fence hurting her hand.
She runs  grabs a dress  and manages to shake Tom off for a moment.
Lena changes and hides her clothes.
Tom runs.
She s seen the boy he thinks he is chasing.
He sees her handwound.
He tries to arrest her.
Lena hits him and jumps off the bridge onto a boat.
Later that evening  Lena goes.
Everyone is being examined with a hidden camera by one of the women from the beginning  Louise.
The guard to let her in.
Louise dances with Lena and offers her a drink.
She asks.
Where Lena s friends are.
Lena replies.
She does not have any.
Louise follows and bites her.
When Lena goes.
The terrified Lena runs home.
The sun burns her  forcing her to stay inside.
When she awakes.
That night  Lena returns.
What has happened.
She meets Louise s two companions  the silent Charlotte and the cheerful Nora.
It becomes clear.
Never said.
Louise  Charlotte and Nora are vampires.
The girls sell the angry and confused Lena.
Louise plans to kill the wicked man to ease her transformation.
Lena is locked.
She is overwhelmed and attacks the pimp.
When the pimp comes in to rape her.
She stabs him with a broken light bulb and tries to escape.
Another pimp shoots her.
The girls return to kill the pimps.
They fail to notice one mobster hiding.
Nora steals one of the mobster s Lamborghini.
Louise gives her a glass.
When Lena awakes.
What appears to be blood.
She feels her strength return.
Louise takes care  removing her dirty and destroyed clothes and showing her to a bathroom.
Where a bath is waiting.
Louise tells her the story of.
She was changed.
She hated her maker  but grew to love her after traveling throughout Europe and getting to know all the benefits of vampire life.
Louise wanted to commit suicide to join her  but instead began searching.
Her maker was burned.
Her short hair grows and returns to its natural color  her piercing falls out.
She loses all bruises and wounds.
Lena spends a night shopping  partying and having fun.
Who give her the stolen Lamborghini.
Lena notices that Charlotte longingly.
They party.
Charlotte also exhibits several signs and engages in acts of self-harm  among other things burning her own eyeball.
Louise tells Lena.
There are no male vampires  because as the male vampires grew arrogant  the females tired and killed all of them with the common promise to never turn a man into a vampire.
Nora also reveals.
She met Louise where she turned her.
The vampires return  allowing the first rays of sun burn their skin but retreating inside before any lasting harm can be done.
The night comes.
Charlotte stays outside longer  but retreats before catching fire.
Louise kisses Lena  cursing her hastiness.
Startles and confuses Lena  before she interrupts herself and begins.
Meanwhile  Tom uses a file to find her home address.
The next night Lena returns home to visit her mother.
Who has not even noticed her absence.
Toms sees her  but almost does not recognize her.
Lena leaves.
He tells Lena  but says.
She could go if he arrested her for stealing the credit card.
He wo nt used women.
The two had coffee and talk.
She uses her Lamborghini to retreat.
When Lena suddenly sees Louise approaching.
She finds Charlotte.
Where Charlotte tells Lena that she was a silent movie actress and that she had a husband and daughter.
Louise enters the room and asks Lena.
She is acting different.
Lena lies  so Louise takes the girls allowing them to have a pool party in the sun.
She misses the sun.
Two night watchmen find the girls and ask.
They managed to get inside.
Nora convinces the men to join them.
Where she quickly kills off one.
The other tries to escape.
Water slows the vampires down.
Charlotte kills this man  slicing his throat with a piece of paper.
Causes him to die slowly and painfully.
Lena flees the scene.
Tom and his partner  Lummer  interrogate the surviving Russian mobster van Gough.
Who says that the devil killed his friends and stole his Lamborghini.
Tom realizes.
Van Gogh describes it.
The stolen car is the car he saw Lena drive.
Nora awakes.
She had flirted.
She tries to wake him  but realizes.
She killed him when they had sex.
Nora breaks down.
Louise shows her.
SWAT is invading the building.
Charlotte says.
She will stall them while the girls make their escape.
The vampires have special cars to protect them from sunlight.
They ever had to escape.
Lena and Louise take one car.
Nora drives alone.
The police are slaughtered.
Who think the girls are simply dangerous criminals.
Tom enters the room looking and manages to shoot Charlotte.
She attacks him  causing her to fall out the window.
Lena and Louise manage to get her.
The sun starts to burn her skin.
Nora crashed and is thrown into sunlight.
Police open fire.
Unable to save Nora  they drive away.
Charlotte looks back.
The roof is ripped off by a roadblock and the girls crash into a subway to escape the scourging sunlight.
The three remaining girls hide.
Where Louise has kept cash.
Louise angrily blames Lena.
Now wanted  the girls prepare to escape to Moscow.
Charlotte demands to see her elderly daughter.
Charlotte sings a lullaby to her dying daughter.
Whom recognizes her mother.
The girls return to their hideout to perform their morning ritual.
Charlotte locks Lena and Louise inside and allows the sun the kill her.
The sun rises.
Louise breaks down.
Lena goes to say good bye and show him.
Who she really is.
Lena begins to cry.
Tom holds her and they fall asleep.
Lummer   has SWAT invade the building.
Who has suspected Tom.
Lena almost kills the policemen but is stopped  leading to their arrest and incarceration.
Louise goes and kills them.
They re.
She asks Lena  and then she ll be alone.
She will manage to live.
He will die.
Louise kidnaps.
Tom and Lena follows her.
The sun is rising.
Louise wants Lena to tell her  I love you.
Lena does so.
Louise says.
That s the most beautiful lie she s ever heard and shoots Tom.
Louise and Lena have a fight and Lena kills Louise.
She runs and wants to bite him  but stops  kisses him and begins to cry.
SWAT is coming with Lummer.
Lena and Tom are gone.
Lummer looks outside and sees something.
The other police and the audience do nt.
Lummer whispers Good luck and walks away.
Two other endings were shot  like with Gansel s previous film The Wave.
Both were discarded to bring a more ambiguous ending.
The first alternative ending plays out almost.
It continues.
Lena starts to cry and shows her running away.
She stops and looks before starting to run again.
Lena finds Tom dying from his wound and bites him turning him into a vampire.
Lena flies backwards  crashing into the wall.
Louise did when she bit her.
Lena whispers  Forgive me.
Tom rises.
The camera moves away.
They look.
<EOS>
The international geological expedition headed  spends in one of the Latin American countries of research with the purpose of construction of hydroelectric power station in remote mountain area.
Hotel Copper angel forms base  a refuge for a gang of brothers Valdes  an engaged contraband of drugs -- and a target for the reactionary organization.
<EOS>
Ben Lewis  groomed to be a doctor  spends his days.
Inspecting the most intimate part  but for some reason has no idea how to deal with women on any sort of social level.
He s even gone so far to join a support group.
This type still ca nt make him a hit with the ladies.
Ben s luck changes drastically.
When he seeks the help learn how to please the opposite sex.
He begins to take advantage and quickly sheds the derisive slang labels of lork and sooser.
Ben is still a good person at heart.
The young man realizes.
When he s given a resident assistant named Becky.
True love is more important.
<EOS>
An old man standing is beaten into a coma by three hockey stick-wielding teenagers  the Stygian Triplets.
Two fallen angels  Bartleby and Loki  were banished after an inebriated Loki  with Bartleby s encouragement  resigned as the Angel of Death.
Exiled  the pair see their salvation.
When a church celebrates its centennial anniversary with a plenary indulgence.
They can have their sins forgiven and -- upon death -- regain access to Heaven.
They fail to realize.
This will overrule the word and destroy existence.
Metatron  the Voice  appears to Bethany Sloane and tasks her with preventing Bartleby and Loki s return.
Bethany resists the mission.
She lost her faith due to her infertility and resultant divorce.
Bethany is attacked  but is saved by Jay and Silent Bob  two prophets would appear.
Whom Metatron said.
She is also aided with writer s block.
The demon Azrael  a former Muse  warns Bartleby and Loki.
The forces are attempting to kill them.
Satan will not let them succeed where he has failed and make him look bad.
Bethany s party unwittingly meet the angels.
Where a drunk Bethany reveals her mission.
Bartleby rants shows man infinite patience.
Existence would be better off destroyed.
Angels are punished.
Loki is alarmed and becomes reluctant to continue  comparing Bartleby s attitude to that of Lucifer.
Bartleby orders him onwards.
Bethany learns.
She was chosen because she is the last relative of Jesus Christ.
The group ponders.
Who orchestrated the angels  plan.
Metatron explains  someone knew enough to incapacitate God  and thus be unable to return to Heaven.
God goes in human form every now and again to play skee ball  and has gone missing.
The group deduces.
Lucifer has as much to lose if Bartleby and Loki succeed.
Arriving  they fail to persuade Cardinal Glick to cancel the celebration.
Jay steals his golf club.
Bartleby kills everyone attending the celebration.
When Bartleby and Loki reach the church.
Azrael captures the heroes and explains  he wants to destroy existence rather than spend eternity in Hell.
He is the mastermind.
He needed to manipulate Bartleby and Loki.
Demons can not become human.
Silent Bob kills Azrael.
Serendipity tells Bethany to bless the sink  making the water  Jay  Rufus and Serendipity kill the Stygian Triplets by dunking their heads into the water.
The heroes reach the church.
Bartleby and Loki enter.
Loki s wings have been torn off  he is now human and decides to help them.
Bartleby kills Loki and fights.
Jay mentions John Doe Jersey  a comatose patient in a hospital across the street and is being kept on life support.
Who was attacked.
Hoping this is God  Bethany and Bob race.
Jay shoots off Bartleby s wings  turning him human.
Bethany removes the life support  allowing God to escape.
Inadvertently killing Bethany.
God manifests at the church before a remorseful Bartleby  and kills him with the power of Her voice.
Silent Bob shows up.
God resurrects Bethany and conceives a child.
The heavenly beings return  leaving Bethany  Jay and Bob to reflect on events.
<EOS>
A girl falls with a boy arrived from the United States and displaces her childhood sweetheart.
<EOS>
Surfing Soweto is the story  Bitch Nigga  Lefa and Mzembe are three of the most notorious train surfers in Soweto.
They represent a generation  born during the glowing promise after the demise of apartheid and yet without the skills or wherewithal to reap the benefits of their newly-won freedoms.
Surfing Soweto shows them riding  ducking.
They hurtle past lethal electrical cables  and also.
<EOS>
A university computer scientist tries to make a woman fall with his interactive computer.
She succumbs.
<EOS>
Imprisoned  Jose Rizal was approached by a young uneducated indio asking the importance of education during his life.
Meanwhile   commenced the uprising against the cruel tyranny created by the Spaniards by tearing their cedula as a sign of Spanish slavery.
Soon  a first lieutenant visited Rizal.
Taviel de Andrade did not waste time to study carefully Rizal s case.
Rizal and Taviel captured each other s sympathy and eventually became friends.
They had usual meetings in Fort Santiago.
Taviel was even able to celebrate Christmas in the cell.
Where they drank and sang together.
Rizal was sent to Royal Audiencia to hear the trial against him.
The magistrates decided to condemn him under firing squad on the 30th of the morning in Luneta.
Rizal hallucinates  seeing his alter ego-protagonist Simoun of his novel El Filibusterismo tempting the author to change the climax of the story.
His kin received a small alcohol stove from his cell containing the last poem Mi Ultimo Adios.
Stopping  Rizal asked the authorities for a last request.
He faces the firing squad.
The request is denied.
Calm and  he changed his request to save his head during execution.
The captain agrees.
The shooting squad points at his back  he readily uttered his final words  Consummatum est.
Members of the Katipunan had ambushed a Spanish military company somewhere in Manila  completely catching the Spanish forces off guard and seized their mounts  munitions and their rifles.
They had also captured a church and executed a friar for the execution of Rizal.
Bonifacio and his top generals met.
Rizal s picture can be seen.
<EOS>
An actor finds himself buckling to temptation.
He accepts the lead.
Michael Steele has just been nominated at the Academy Awards.
Michael is cast in.
What may be the role.
He s set to play the lead  but will all of the swirling gossip around Michael cause him to stumble on the path of righteousness.
This man must find the courage and conviction needed to set his life straight.
Who has always tried to do the right thing.
<EOS>
Fred plans to marry his girlfriend Mara.
He proposes her.
Mara puts that decision on her spoiled son  Linus.
Fred decides to give him a basketball.
Order to get Linus to like him.
He poses.
That he could get it.
But  he also catches the attention.
When he catches the ball.
Who wants to feature an invalid fan for the team.
Fred has to keep playing his role.
Real invalid and really furious fan Ronny might call his bluff.
<EOS>
Loosely based  this film follows the story of nomadic British actors.
They perform.
Tony Buckingham and his wife Carla oversee the troupe.
Their daughter  Lizzie Buckingham  falls with Sanju.
Who is also romancing Manjula a Bollywood film star.
Shashi Kapoor fell in love with Felicity s elder sister Jennifer Kendal.
Their marriage would provide an important contribution until Kendal s death in.
<EOS>
Surya  the abandoned child  is brought up by a generous lady living in the slums.
He grows up to become a fearless kind-hearted slum king.
Who fights the injustice that takes place daily.
These qualities lead him to cross swords.
Deva s friend Ramana is fatally beaten up.
He threatens Surya.
He will find himself if the friend was laid to rest.
His friend passes away.
Surya gets placed.
However   he decides to get Surya released.
When Deva discovers Ramana s offense.
Surya is surprised to see Deva send his own man to get him out.
There he tells Surya  Nyayamnu onnu irrukku.
Deva surrenders his ego and offers his hand of friendship to Surya.
Surya pledges.
He has nothing else.
Makes Surya his Thalapathi.
Meanwhile Surya falls.
They soon fall.
Their relationship continues.
Surya and Deva virtually rule the town and their sense of justice.
They are anti-social elements.
Arjun  posted  plans to arrest both so.
He can end their brutal activities.
But his opportunities are.
Deva and his wife go to Subbulakshmi s house asking for her betrothal to Surya.
But her father refuses stating.
He can not marry his daughter.
Instead  Subbulakshmi is married.
Surya eventually marries another girl.
Who was widowed earlier.
Surya  still troubled  prefers to remain as a guard to the widow and her daughter.
A struggle breaks out.
Which Surya learns that Arjun s mother is his mother  too.
Surya promises his mother.
He will not harm Arjun but refuses to leave Deva  whose friendship is more valuable to him.
Deva is stunned to learn.
Collector and Surya are brothers and admires Surya in spite of discovering his identity.
Deva is shot by his enemy.
Surya   brutally kills Kalivardhan and surrenders to the police after performing the final rites of his friend.
Who was the cause.
But the police withdraw the case due.
The collector goes.
His mother then changes her mind to stay.
<EOS>
Several brigadier generals are unexpectedly taken prisoner.
Is a public relations disaster.
The generals are held.
Being all  none is in command.
They are forced by committee  with predictably ineffective results.
Headquarters devises a plot to free them.
Frigg is a private.
S.
Army.
Who is forever escaping.
He is promised a cushy job after the war.
Frigg is promoted.
That he will outrank the prisoners.
Frigg allows himself to be captured  and is imprisoned.
He has been given a few personal secrets.
They are initially skeptical.
Frigg discovers a secret passage.
He intends to use to escape.
Frigg s plan to free all the generals is put.
When he becomes romantically involved where they are imprisoned.
Eventually the escape plans are reactivated however Colonel Ferrucci announces.
He is to be promoted to general  due to the low escape rate in the complex.
The group put.
Their escape plans off.
A Nazi Major arrives and.
Midnight announces that Italy has surrendered.
The Germans take the generals.
Escape seems hopeless  using the countess s castle.
Frigg eventually frees them all  and ends the war.
<EOS>
Jonathan Harker arrives at the castle of Count Dracula near Klausenberg  posing as a librarian.
He is startled by a young woman begging for help  claiming to be a prisoner.
Dracula then greets Harker and guides him.
Where he locks him.
Jonathan starts to write.
His true intentions are revealed  he has come to kill Dracula.
Freed sometime later  Harker again is confronted.
She begs him but then bites his neck.
Dracula - fangs bared and lips bloody - arrives and yanks her away.
As she does.
Harker finds the bite mark.
When he awakens.
He hides his journal outside the castle and descends into the crypts.
Where he finds Dracula and the unnamed vampire woman resting.
Armed  he impales the woman.
But  the Count has already awakened and is waiting  Dr Van Helsing then arrives in Klausenberg  looking for Harker.
When he turns to kill Dracula.
The frightened townsfolk give him Harker s journal.
It is deserted  a hearse carriage speeds.
When he arrives.
Van Helsing is horrified to discover Harker lying in a coffin as a vampire.
Staking Harker  he leaves to deliver the veiled news in person to a wary Arthur Holmwood and his wife Mina  brother and sister-in-law of Harker s fiancee Lucy Holmwood.
Lucy is ill  so the news is kept.
But   Lucy opens the doors and lays bare her neck -- already  it bears the mark of a vampire bite.
When night falls.
And soon Dracula arrives and bites her again.
Mina seeks out Van Helsing s aid.
Lucy defeats his anti-vampire prescription and dies.
Van Helsing turns and reveals the truth.
Vampire Lucy lures away a small child.
The girl is saved.
Arthur refuses to use Lucy to find Dracula  so Van Helsing stakes Lucy in her coffin.
Van Helsing and Arthur travel to track down the destination of Dracula s coffin.
Meanwhile  Mina is called away by a message telling her to meet Arthur at an address in Karlstadt -- the same address.
Arthur and Van Helsing are told the coffin was bound.
Dracula is indeed waiting  The next morning  Arthur and Van Helsing find Mina in a strange state.
They leave.
They were given.
Arthur tries to give Mina a cross to wear.
When they decide to set off again.
It burns her.
Van Helsing and Arthur guard Mina s windows outside against a return of Dracula.
Dracula nonetheless appears and bites her.
A remark leads Van Helsing to the coffin s location  the cellar of the Holmwoods  own house.
But Dracula is not and instead escapes into the night with Mina.
A chase then begins.
Dracula rushes to return before sunrise.
He attempts to bury Mina alive but is caught by Van Helsing and Arthur.
Van Helsing and Dracula struggle.
Van Helsing tears open the curtain to let and  forming a cross of candlesticks  he forces Dracula into it.
Dracula crumbles.
Van Helsing looks on.
Mina recovers  the cross-shaped scar fading as Dracula s ashes blow away  leaving only a ring behind.
<EOS>
Maafia Raaj is an Action entertainer.
Where Mithun plays the lead role.
Inspector Suraj is successful and is hence promoted to the city to keep the Mafia under control.
Suraj moves.
He crosses path with dangerous underworld dons Dhapat Jackal and his brother Jacky Jackal.
To teach Suraj a lesson  the duo rape his sister and kill his father.
Will Suraj have to go againstthe law to get his family justice.
<EOS>
Eric is a perpetual adolescent.
Who lives  holding lavish theme-events with his friends using his father s large house in the Hamptons.
Eric throws a White trash bash party attended by his friends Sue  Adam  Mike  Laura  Kate  Glenn  Doug and his girlfriend Willow  Alison and her boyfriend Marcus.
Eric meets Kelly.
The following morning  Eric s father arrives and informs him.
He is selling the house.
The next weekend  the group arrive back and find it for sale by Dody and Kelly.
Eric and Mike decide to throw a last ultimate party.
Lamenting the more liberal sex attitude.
Passed. 
They are all reluctant.
When they present the idea.
Sue agrees to join.
When Mike and Eric argue that afterwards everyone will be moving away and that this might be their last real time all together.
Laura joins the plan to improve her self esteem  and is later joined.
She breaks up.
Sue has feelings from high school.
Eric pursues a relationship  to attempt to interfere with her selling the house.
Doug and Willow join the orgy  hoping.
It will make him more confident.
A drunken Adam reveals.
He has lost his job because Eric destroyed his phone  and agrees to join the orgy.
Glenn finds out  causing the pair to fall out with the group for not including them.
Eric and Mike go.
Later   she asks Eric to meet with her friends on Labor Day.
Which he reluctantly agrees.
Eric admits and is no longer sure about taking part in the orgy.
He is developing feelings.
The week ask to join the orgy.
The group refuses.
The couple have a child.
Kelly tells Eric.
She has asked Dody to slow the house sale down.
The Labor Day weekend arrives.
The group prepare.
Doug decides to back out  causing the group to descend into arguments  culminating.
When Alison publicly reveals Sue s feelings.
Doug accuses Mike.
Glenn and Kate arrive uninvited  intending to gatecrash the orgy.
They end up having sex.
Eric decides to leave and go  but discovers.
She is.
Eric returns.
Where the group reconcile.
The orgy finally begins.
Doug gives Mike a copy of his finished album  having finally found the confidence to pursue his music career.
Sue gets for Eric  Adam and Laura enter into a relationship.
Eric reconciles.
Kelly tells Eric.
The house deal fell through.
It will now take longer to sell.
Eric begins planning a party.
<EOS>
Reda is a French-Moroccan teenager due to sit.
He reluctantly agrees.
When his devout father asks Reda to accompany him.
However  the father insists.
They travel.
The once-icy father-and-son relationship starts to thaw.
Both gradually come to know each other.
Reda speaks only to his father.
Who is seen speaking only Arabic.
Later   the father proves  his choice to speak only Arabic is therefore purposeful.
When necessary.
He speaks impeccable French.
The two meet several interesting characters.
The son learns and.
His father thought it would be preferable to make the pilgrimage.
The route taken goes from Provence  France through Italy  Slovenia  Croatia  Serbia  Bulgaria  Turkey  Syria  and Jordan before reaching Saudi Arabia.
<EOS>
The story revolves.
Carson abandons an informal relationship to pursue Barbara  but has a change of heart and returns to Vantine.
Vantine arrives  on the lam from the authorities in Saigon.
She displays an easy comfort continually  and begins playfully teasing Carson.
Soon as she meets him.
He resists her charm  but soon gives in.
They quickly develop a friendly  casual relationship and pretend to be too tough.
Which they tease each other.
One is to call each other Fred and Lily.
Though neither can be bothered to remember the other s name.
However  Carson loses interest.
When the Willises arrive.
Gary Willis is a young  inexperienced engineer.
His wife Barbara is a classy  ladylike beauty.
Carson is immediately attracted  and  after sending Gary on a lengthy surveying trip  he spends the next week seducing Barbara.
Vantine watches jealously.
He successfully persuades Barbara to leave Gary  but recants after visiting Gary in the swamp and learning.
Deeply he loves Barbara.
Carson has also seen.
Barbara is unsuited  as is Gary.
He has a painful memory.
When he was a boy.
He decides to send both back to more civilized surroundings.
Carson turns Barbara s feelings against himself by pretending.
He never loved her  at which point she shoots him.
This provides a cover to save Barbara s marriage and reputation by insisting to Gary.
Barbara rejected Carson s advances.
The film ends.
Carson has sent the Willises away.
The film emphasizes the contrast between Carson and Vantine   and the Willises.
Who are simple but tough.
Who are sophisticated but weak.
Vantine has a sturdy  voluptuous physique  and always keeps her nerve.
When Carson orders her to push an iodine-soaked rod wound.
Barbara   has a thin figure  behaves imperiously at first  and is frightened by a tiger prowling outside the compound.
Willis foolishly brought his wife into an environment  and almost dies from malaria because of his own refusal to stay in bed.
Neither was prepared for  with useless tennis rackets in their luggage.
Carson is more muscular  runs the plantation  acts as the local medic  saves Willis s life  and kills a tiger.
Finally  the film provides a view.
This includes scenes  the process of coagulating the rubber with acid  native workers being rousted  gales  the spartan living quarters  the supply boat  a rainy spell  and tigers prowling in the jungle.
Can blow the roof and are difficult to walk in.
Arrives periodically.
Lasts weeks.
The film s title is derived.
Are stirred up.
<EOS>
Batman corners an escaped Joker  only to have the villain suddenly dragged off.
The Alien is   killed by a Predator.
Batman fights and defeats.
Other Predators then appear.
As more Aliens emerge.
The film ends abruptly.
<EOS>
The Canyons is a contemporary L.
A.
Noir  both personally and professionally  among a group of young people in their 20s and.
One chance meeting connected unravels all of their lives  resulting in deceit  paranoia  cruel mind games and ultimately violence.
<EOS>
El Aura narrates in the first person the hallucinating voyage of Espinoza  a quiet  cynical taxidermist   and is obsessed with committing the perfect crime.
Who suffers epilepsy attacks.
He claims.
The cops are too stupid to find out when it s well executed  and that the robbers are too stupid to execute it the right way  and that he could do it himself relying on his photographic memory and his strategic planning skills.
In the calm of the Patagonian forest  with one squeeze of the trigger his dreams are made real.
Espinoza has accidentally killed a man.
Who turns out to be a real criminal.
He inherits his scheme  the heist carrying casino profits.
Moved  the taxidermist sees himself thrown into his fantasies  piece by piece completing a puzzle irremediably encircling him.
And he does it.
He is visited by the aura  a paradoxical moment of confusion and enlightenment.
Where the past and future seem to blend.
<EOS>
Having grown up.
Where corruption and greed override all else.
Surrounds them.
But their plans backfire.
They begin when they decide to invade Dele s turf.
He finds out.
The friends flee  discovering the true value of friendship.
<EOS>
The story begins on his way to start a new job  as a barber in a Belfast psychiatric hospital.
He resents being referred to.
He receives his orientation  and is introduced.
He is warned not to bring up the subject of poetry.
Colm decides to ask him about poetry and is subjected to George s very poor efforts.
He pretends to appreciate.
The pair relax and talk  with George relating a notable story about chasing a joyrider.
The orderlies start bringing patients.
Who stole his brother s car  insisting that they got George s Ford Escort up to 190mph before it blew up.
Later  they meet an orderly escorting in all of Northern Ireland and scalped some of his customers.
A new patient whom he calls The Scalper  explaining he was the only seller.
He went crazy.
Colm and George immediately hit.
They decide to meet and convince him to give them his list of customers.
That they may take over the hairpiece monopoly he formerly owned.
The Scalper calls them Greedy sad little children but agrees to give them the list.
They give him a good reason why he should.
Colm s answer.
We re bored.
He lets.
Them have the list.
Colm and George  embark upon their mission to get rich  with Colm s girlfriend Bronagh helping them out with administrative duties.
She sets their first appointment.
Who denies any knowledge but lets them into his house.
It later is revealed  Bronagh had seen his picture.
He was nt.
He shot a Catholic.
They discover.
Their supplier  Wigs  have decided to hold a meeting with The Piece People and Toupee or not Toupee  their rival company.
George learns.
The company that sells the most wigs wins exclusive rights to sell their products.
Meanwhile  Colm tracks down Mr Black and retrieves the wig.
He refused to pay.
The wig is grabbed by a pack of dogs.
Making his escape.
Who chew it up.
He manages to get it back.
Who is secretly bald.
Toupee Or Not Toupee are selling in order to win the competition.
What they are up.
This confrontation results.
Who does not notice it.
The competition is raging  but the IRA man accidentally leaves his wig  prompting the RUC to investigate The Piece People.
George gets angry with Colm for dragging him into the mess.
They have a falling out.
Meanwhile the IRA man tracks down Colm and demands.
He sells the IRA all the wigs they want as every bald catholic is being compared with the wig found at the scene of the bombing.
It was only a matter.
He would be caught.
Colm refuses.
His business partner is a Protestant.
It would be unethical.
The sales would almost guarantee the exclusive deal.
Colm goes and makes up with him  and together with Bronagh s help  they discover and manage to secure a government contract to supply them with wigs for all soldiers wanting one.
Many soldiers are suffering from Alopecia due to the extremely stressful conditions.
This proves to be enough to win them the competition.
The Piece People become the sole hairpiece salesmen.
<EOS>
An actress  having just discovered  questions everything.
She s been dumped.
She must take her place.
We get a glance at.
What goes on.
<EOS>
Jessica Drummond is comforted.
Who s been a family friend and  later  shows an interest in dating Jess.
Her mother has worn black.
Her husband passed  and would love.
Jess has two young boys  Kim   and Keith.
Who is fourteen.
Who s twelve.
Both go off to deal with her loneliness.
She tries to reconnect.
She and her husband socialized  but finds they remind her too much of him.
She s even accosted.
When he brings her home one night.
Fortunately  she has a real friend   the night she was accosted.
Whom she runs  and stays with.
Gina and her husband Cary invite Jess to spend a week s vacation with them.
She meets Major Scott Landis.
When Jess finds herself lost somewhere with a broken ski.
He helps her back.
Where she introduces them.
He spends the night downstairs on the sofa.
That week  Jess and Scott get to know each other better.
She spurns his advances.
She accuses him of spoiling their good time.
She directs him to leave.
Back  Jess finds herself alone again except for her longtime housekeeper & cook Anna.
Frank comes to call and is invited to join them.
However  just then the phone rings and it s Gina  Jess.
Who tells.
She and Cary are out where they ve spotted Major Landis.
So  Jess asks Frank.
They can go out.
Then goes to get all dressed up.
Once  Jess initiates bumping into Scott.
Finds out.
He s been stationed before he gets his orders for overseas  which could come at any time.
Another day  Scott asks Jess to meet him before going out to dinner.
And finally   we have idea of.
Where it got its name.
A friend  Stella Thompson sees Jess enter the Major s apartment.
Later she evidently spreads.
This becomes a subject of discussion among Jess s social friends  including Riette Van Orman  the lecherous George s wife  and eventually their children.
Kim & Keith learn of their mother s affairs at the Van Orman s daughter Gretchen s party.
There is a priceless scene.
Which Jess s mother confronts Scott while everyone  including Frank and the Abbotts  are busy trimming the tree.
All the while  however  Jess s relationship could best be described as platonic.
Jess has begun to return some for her  initially out of spite for the rumor mill.
She later confronts it.
Van Orman.
<EOS>
Washington  D.
C.
Detective and forensic psychologist Alex Cross heads.
When his niece Naomi  a college student  is reported missing.
He learns.
Naomi is the latest who have vanished.
One of the missing women is found dead  bound to a tree in a desolate forest.
Intern Kate McTiernan is kidnapped from her home.
Kate discovers.
When she awakens.
She is being held captive.
She is one.
She manages to escape and is severely injured.
When she jumps.
She joins forces to track down her sadomasochist captor.
She recuperates.
Who Cross concludes is a collector  not a killer  unless his victims fail to follow his rules.
This means.
There is time to rescue the other imprisoned women  just as long as they remain subservient.
Clues lead them.
Where a series have been credited to a man known as the Gentleman Caller.
Cross deduces  but his efforts to capture and question him are foiled.
He is working with rather than imitating his East Coast counterpart.
The man escapes.
He eventually discovers the underground hideaway used by  as well as the true identity of  the man.
Who calls himself Casanova.
The actual Casanova escapes.
His partner - who seems to still be a teenager - is arrested.
Cross then rescues the multiple amount  including Naomi.
Kate.
Has happened.
The real Casanova - Detective Nick Ruskin - guarding Kate  and tries to kill her.
Cross is.
Who calls off the police officers.
She soon catches on to his plans and attempts to escape.
He takes  warning her.
She try s any he will kill her.
Alex soon arrives and tries to take down Ruskin.
Who takes.
Cross shoots though a milk carton.
Kills Ruskin.
<EOS>
Brian and Gale are nt friends  in fact.
They are rivals.
Brian  together  was always one-upped by Gale  never being in the spotlight.
Brian pledges to beat Gale and take his position on the team.
Gale is still named running back.
Brian resorts.
He is injured and loses hope of ever playing again.
Brian rises  he would have made it only on a chance and not by his own prowess.
The two bond  and soon become good friends.
Brian is diagnosed during one of their seasons.
The treatments and radiation therapy only do so much.
Every time it seems.
If everything is getting better  the cancer shows up again  someplace else.
Soon Brian dies.
Gale stays by his side.
<EOS>
Young and self-confident Danny Masters is the teen-aged son.
Danny himself is an accomplished magician and escape artist.
He leaves home to join Uncle Burke and Aunt Sibyl  Sibyl welcomes him.
Burke is unenthusiastic.
Danny soon finds himself embroiled.
The quest leads to the comeuppance of the crooked mayor  and separately of his vindictive and out-of-control son.
Danny comes to terms with the death of his father  the circumstances.
Which he did not previously know.
<EOS>
Veera Telangana is based.
Yadagiri is a working.
That landlord used to harass the people and treat every village as a bonded labour to him.
He usurps the properties and amasses huge wealth and commands the entire village.
Even he does nt allow the children to go and become literate and makes them to work in his backyard.
Andhra Maha Sabha emerges from the Communist Party of India.
The leaders gives a call.
The CPI leaders exhort the people.
They need not pay any tax and take away the yield to their homes instead of sending them to the landlord s house.
This irks the landlord.
Who complains that the people are revolting against the government and is avoiding payment of tax.
So the Nizam Nawab tells his military commander to crush the movement.
The military commander   starts killing people mercilessly.
Who was a Muslim.
He prepares.
A group called Razakars and incites them to kill people  who talk against the Islam religion and the Nizam Nawab.
Called to a bullet injury from the landlord s sister.
A youth takes part.
Landlord orders should help.
Nobody should touch the dead body and no one.
But Yadagiri  helps the woman to shift the body.
Who was going.
This irks the landlord and punishes Yadagiri.
Not only that  he tries to thrash Yadagiri s mother  and join the Andhra Maha Sabha and takes up a rifle.
Forces Yadagiri.
.
How the Nizam s military commander ruthlessly killed people and how the Andhra Maha Sabha s army reacted.
<EOS>
Sanjay is a poor man making his living.
He meets Priya Khanna.
Who has come.
The duo fall.
Everything is hunky dory.
Priya receives the news.
The duo decide to put their dreams.
Priya s father is exonerated.
Priya leaves   hopeful & joyous.
Sanjay returns back.
However  he dies and is escorted by an angel for the retribution of his sins.
However  here they learn.
Sanjay was never supposed to die.
The angel learns.
He accidentally killed Sanjay alike called Tarun Kumar.
The angel is punished.
However  here Sanjay s body has already been cremated.
Realizing  the angel takes him.
Now Sanjay s soul has to be put.
Unknown  Tarun has been shot in the back by his own brother just seconds ago.
The angel retrieves the bullet & tells Sanjay to occupy Tarun s body.
Here  Priya succeeds.
However  she learns.
He was framed.
Here  Sanjay learns.
Tarun was a criminal & correctly deduces that he was killed.
Tarun s errant ways have dissociated him relative.
Sanjay decides to make the wrongs right.
Tarun s brother is shocked to see him alive & all right  but Sanjay feigns ignorance.
Tarun s secretary Rita is working secretly.
Here  Priya comes back upon Tarun  but is obviously surprised to see him.
Sanjay is sad.
He somehow succeeds.
Later  he slowly starts shutting Tarun s illegitimate businesses & diverts the money.
This sudden change stuns and surprises his grandmother.
His brother is angered.
Sanjay starts courting Priya again.
Seeing  everybody gives a green signal.
Tarun has reformed.
However  Rita suddenly drops a bombshell.
She is married.
Sanjay is unable to prove or disprove anything  making matters worse again.
However  Rita is acting.
He decides to confront Rita to know the truth.
Tarun s brother has already anticipated it.
He kills.
Rita & Tarun is framed.
Sanjay succeeds.
Tarun s brother finally confesses all his crimes.
Is also heard.
The angel knocks him out.
As Sanjay is going to be killed.
Tarun s brother is arrested on the basis of his testimony.
Realizing  the angel unites him back.
Sanjay will now be able to live the life.
<EOS>
The year is.
The American clipper ship  the Queen  is attacked.
The ship s mate Kirk Hamilton is wounded and heads for medical treatment.
He meets and falls.
A romantic rivalry develops and the pirates.
Who attacked Kirk and his ship kidnap her along.
Kirk and Shannon pursue the pirates.
They soon wind up.
<EOS>
A man in a village in Jirisan hides a Communist soldier.
Who has sneaked.
A widow  finding the soldier  visits him and carries on a sexual relationship with him.
She commits suicide.
When she discovers she is pregnant.
The man perishes.
When the villagers burn the woods to drive out remaining Communist guerillas.
Who has hidden the soldier.
Based.
<EOS>
Ramirez speaks.
His mother told him sometimes actively seeking out individuals who have sinned  while they re still alive on Earth.
He traps them to turn them against each other  before killing them one at a time.
Taking human form.
Ramirez explains all.
The last victim will die to make cynics of them.
All will die.
He says.
The signs are set with a suicide  as that is when the Devil first makes his presence known.
This story is abruptly interrupted.
Who had fallen.
He landed silently away from the scene.
Detective Bowden is a recovering alcoholic.
Who is assigned.
He later explains.
The reason was the hit and run death of his wife  and toddler son  five years prior  in which the perpetrator was never apprehended  leaving behind only a coupon ticket for a car wash with the words I m so sorry written on the back.
He determines.
When he investigates the suicide.
The truck originated.
Meanwhile  five strangers board an elevator  stuck.
Becomes. 
They notice.
When security finds them.
There is CCTV and a radio with which they can call.
They have no way.
Bowden takes the investigation.
It is the same building from which the suicide victim jumped.
Ramirez is revealed to be one and is disturbed by an image of.
What looks.
His boss Lustig dismisses the superstitious suspicions and sends repair technician Dwight to investigate the elevators.
Bowden tries to ascertain the identities.
The power goes out.
The lights start flashing.
Sarah appears to be wounded.
When they come on.
What appears to be a bitemark.
All suspicion is initially focused.
Who has been edgy since the ride began.
The lights start flashing and losing power  Sarah becomes queasy and sees a vision in the elevator slaughtered on the floor  even herself.
There is another power failure.
Vince is seen dead  thrown to have his jugular vein sliced.
When the lights are back to focus.
The others watch.
He dies  forcing Bowden to consider this a murder scene.
The power goes out again.
Screams are heard.
Jane is found hanging  dead  causing both Sarah and Ben to accuse Tony.
When it comes back.
Tony swears his innocence.
Tony then releases her.
Hang her  causing her body to fall to the floor.
Lustig goes to investigate the power.
There finds a loose power cable  but he is viciously electrocuted trying to fix the issue.
Appears to be the cause.
Bowden finds a set of tools.
Tony had brought and briefly suspects he might be responsible for sabotaging the elevator.
His suspicions then turn.
When he realizes that the building s security company  Caraway Security  is owned.
Aware.
He becomes convinced that Ben was hired to kill Sarah  and that the two other murders were orchestrated to make the entire episode.
However Ben himself becomes the victim.
When he winds up.
The two remaining survivors  Sarah and Tony  face off  but lower their weapons.
Detective Bowden calms them down.
Then there is another blackout.
Sarah s throat is cut.
A woman claiming to be Tony s fiancee is brought and informs him.
She stuggles to breathe.
Tony s last name is Janekowski  and that he is  thus eliminating the possibility of the old woman s name being Jane Kowski.
The dead body rises up behind Tony  pupils dilated and revealing herself to be the Devil.
They realize this.
Tony tries to bargain to save Sarah s life and sacrifice his own  she scoffs at this  revealing.
She s going to kill him anyway.
Tony  using a radio  confesses to a hit and run five years earlier   he smashed into another car and killed a woman and her child.
Drunkenly reaching.
He says.
He is so sorry.
Bowden realizes.
Tony was the one who killed his family.
Bowden realizes.
Ramirez was right.
The Devil  powerless now  curses.
Tony has repented.
The elevator comes back  leaving Tony s life spared.
Bowden offers.
To take Tony  and while en route  informs him.
Who he is.
But.
He d gone  or what he would do if they d ever cross paths.
Ramirez   says   then God must be real too.
His mother always reassured him.
The Devil is real.
<EOS>
There is a mouse invading Porky Pig s house.
So far Porky s attempts to rid the mouse have failed.
Porky gets a cat to catch the mouse  only and launched out of the house.
Next Porky borrows a Mountain Lion.
The mouse has petrified and stuffed the lion.
Next Porky hires a gangster cat.
He leaves.
Porky constructs a robotic cat.
The mouse retaliates.
Flawless being unaffected.
The robot cat then blocks the mouse s ways.
The robot cat further resists the mouse s tricks  more flamethrowing  decapitation and battering.
Finally the mouse blows up the robot cat  destroying Porky s house.
Porky Pig is relieved to be rid of the mouse .
Who then emerges to say Shall I tell him.
<EOS>
The second features starring.
Boris Karloff finds wealthy gem-collector Brandon Edwards gaining possession.
Edwards   confides to Mr Wong.
His life is.
Edwards is mysteriously shot dead.
The gem disappears.
Unknown  the jewel is in the possession of Edwards  maid  Drina   but she is murdered also.
Who intends to return it.
The gem is taken again.
Wong exposes the killer  turns him over to Police Inspector Street  and Wong orders his manservant Willy to return the gem to China.
<EOS>
Italy  February.
Some civilians are fleeing the bombing.
One  looking on  cries.
Helplessly as the abbey is being blown up.
God has forsaken mankind.
Another refugee   retorts.
Who happens to be a friar.
It is not true and proceeds to narrate how   in a wasteland similar to World War II  God produced a man like Benedict of Nursia whose sanctity helped restore the European civilization.
The movie flashbacks to 500 AD.
Benedict  a Roman nobleman  leaves his privileged patrician heritage and withdraws.
Little he assembles a community of fellow monks.
He dedicates his entire life.
<EOS>
Katie OHara  an American burlesque performer masquerading as American socialite Katherine Butt-Smith  pronounced byut-smith  is about to marry Austrian Baron Von Luber.
Foreign correspondent Pat OToole suspects Von Luber and tries unsuccessfully to get information from Katie by deceit  but is warned off by Von Luber.
Undaunted  OToole follows the couple.
Where OHara and Von Luber marry.
The Von Lubers travel to Warsaw.
Where the baron sells arms.
OToole warns the General.
He finds out.
When the General tries the weapons.
He has been sold duds and plans to notify his government.
The weapons prove to be defective.
When the Germans invade Poland.
Von Luber is arrested but warns his young bride not to worry.
No one will be able to bear witness.
The General is assassinated along with a young Nazi.
The Baron has chosen to sacrifice.
OHara and OToole decide to flee the country.
The Baron is.
However  OHara has given her passport.
That the woman and her two children may escape the country.
OHara and OToole escape all at the hand of Von Luber.
OHara and OToole go to have new passports made.
They meet Gaston Le Blanc  an American counterintelligence agent posing.
LeBlanc persuades OHara to return and work as a spy.
Von Luber becomes suspicious due.
OToole agrees to broadcast pro-Nazi propaganda.
The Baron threatens to turn OHara over.
OToole is then contacted.
Who ask him to accept the offer and betray the Baron.
She is placed.
When OHara is found.
Anna finds her and aids in her escape.
OToole goes.
He cleverly manages to make it look.
OHara shows up.
If the baron is trying to overthrow Hitler.
Von Luber is arrested.
Pat and Katie sneak away.
They board a ship.
Katie later runs  the baron was able to talk his way out of his troubles.
Now he is to continue his subversive activities.
They struggle.
Von Luber falls overboard.
OHara tells OToole.
Hesitantly he agrees to tell the Captain.
The Captain agrees and turns around to search.
Her husband can not swim they happily turn the ship back.
When OHara tells them.
<EOS>
Padmanabhan Embranthiri is running an institution viz.
` Kalanikethan.
He is invited to perform the Kerala art forms.
His daughter Ganga was doing research.
So she was entrusted.
Sandeep Subramanyam arrives there to perform Kalaripayattu.
There he meets Ganga and falls.
But he is a terrorist named Javed Ibrahim.
His mission is to blast a bomb.
The terrorist group aims to destroy the communcal harmony and evoke a riot.
Whether or not Sandeep aka Javed succeeds.
The mission forms the climax.
<EOS>
It is the end.
China is divided.
The Crown Prince  Wu Luan  is deeply Little Wan.
However  his father  the Emperor  decides to marry Little Wan.
Wu Luan  deeply hurt  flees to study the arts of music and dance.
The Emperor is murdered by his brother  Li.
The film begins.
Empress Wan sends messengers  informing Wu Luan that the Emperor has died  and that his uncle will succeed the throne.
Unknown to Wan  the usurping Emperor Li has already dispatched riders to assassinate Wu Luan.
However  Wu Luan survives the attack and returns.
Where he is met.
The tension is high.
He and his family are sentenced.
When a palace official  Governor Pei Hong  greets Empress Wan press Dowager.
Minister Yin s son  General Yin Sun  is sent to fill the position in a distant province  greatly weakening Yin Taichang s position in the court.
Wu Luan is asked to perform a brief swordplay ceremony  to practise for the Empress  upcoming coronation.
The Imperial Guard suddenly produce sharpened swords and attempt to kill Wu Luan.
Sparring. 
The ceremony is stopped.
Who implies that the Emperor was trying to murder Wu Luan and make it look like an accident.
A scroll drops mysteriously from the upper balcony to Wu Luan  depicting his father being murdered by his uncle by blowing poison into his ear.
Wu Luan enquires.
Who reveals that the poison used is made.
Nothing is more deadly except for the human heart.
Meanwhile  the Empress Wan is to have a new coronation ceremony.
Wu Luan is required to perform a swordplay ceremony.
Instead   Wu Luan stages a masked mime play.
Exposes his uncle.
The Emperor is notably shaken  but manages to conjure a plan to remove Wu Luan.
He decides.
Rather than kill the prince and risk alienating Empress Wan.
Wu Luan would be traded although it is known that the neighbour prince is an imposter.
An ambush is set up the snowy border with the Khitans  kingdom in the north.
The Yin Taichang s son Yin Sun   saves the prince.
Believing.
Power is firmly  the Emperor calls for a grand banquet.
The Empress comments.
It would be bad luck to organise such an auspicious occasion.
The Emperor claims.
He does not surrender.
The Empress then decides to poison the Emperor  using the same poison.
Was used to kill the previous Emperor.
All goes.
Qing Nu takes.
She wears her theatre mask.
The scheme.
The emperor fails.
Qing Nu falls down dead on stage.
Wu Luan reveals himself to comfort her.
The Emperor realises.
The Empress had plotted his death.
The Emperor commits suicide by drinking the rest of the poisoned wine intended for him.
The Empress proclaims Wu Luan the new Emperor.
However  Yin Sun  enraged  attempts to kill the Empress to avenge his sister.
His blade is stopped.
He proclaims.
The knife is poisoned.
The Empress stabs him  killing him instantly.
Wu Luan has fatally poisoned himself.
Empress Wan is proclaimed Empress Regnant.
Empress Wan grasps bright red cloth and speaks of the flames of desire.
She has satiated.
She is suddenly pierced by a flying blade from an unknown source.
She turns around to face her assailant.
She is dying.
Her confusion shifts.
The blade is then dropped.
The blood soaks the water.
The film abruptly finishes.
Who the mysterious assailant was.
The ambiguity can produce many interpretations of.
Who the assailant may be.
Asian film critic  Bey Logan  makes a claim.
The film makers initially planned  to be the mysterious assailant.
The current version still shows more shots of Ling.
Would be normally expected.
The ending most likely references Louis Cha s wuxia novella Sword.
When paired.
The tale concludes with the beautiful female clutching her waist in pain with an expression so beautiful.
It will take away the soul.
<EOS>
A clean cut drifter ends up.
Getting wind  the man decides to host his own show called Our Town.
Becomes a focal point to call in and voice their problems anonymously.
However  things start to get ugly and tensions rise.
Begins to elevate the man s signature catchphrase What s wrong.
<EOS>
Jeanne Eagels is a Kansas City waitress.
She asks carny owner Sal Satori for a job.
Her dancing is accused of being obscene.
Sal decides to join his brother and invites Jeanne to join them in an amusement park at Coney Island.
Taking acting lessons instead  the ambitious Jeanne becomes the understudy and a star.
When she gets a chance to play the part.
A once successful actress named.
Elsie Desmond wants to make a comeback.
Jeanne betrays her and takes the play  willing to do anything to get ahead.
Elsie denounces her  then commits suicide.
Sal is disgusted.
She accepts a proposal.
Both descend.
Jeanne misses performances and causes fellow actors to lose out.
Her situation deteriorates further.
When she s required to pay alimony after a divorce.
A new play fails.
Jeanne  drunk and  collapses on stage.
The actors  guild suspends her.
Unable to work  she returns and is offered a job dancing.
Another performer sexually attacks her.
Jeanne  her life  continues to spiral downward and hallucinate.
She collapses and dies.
Trying to make it.
<EOS>
The film opens up  the views alternate among images of nine people being kidnapped.
Lea  an abductee  wakes up.
She notices others  and runs to the main door  bangs at it  and shouts to be let out.
She finds  even the basement door is blocked.
The windows are all walled.
She has a panic attack and passes out.
Lea is awakened.
Who is.
A voice comes.
Announces they are gathered to play a game.
Their friends and family are being taken care of.
They wo nt be found.
Also  they were chosen not based.
Who they are.
What they are.
It is  only much graver  the rules are  he or she would then be freed  and also receive compensation of five million U.
The winner is the last one left alive.
S.
Dollars. 
The players discuss the situation.
They try to break down the door using a dining table  and then try to dig and break through other holes.
Nothing works.
A sound reveals a dumbwaiter with food.
The players introduce themselves.
Father Duffy is a priest.
Jay is a cop.
Lea is a dancer.
Claire is a tennis player.
Francis is a musician.
Cynthia is his wife.
Al B is an ambitious rapper.
Covets Jay s gun  and assumes anything said about him is racially motivated.
Shona is a drug addict  some players hope.
This may attract outside help.
Max is a clothes designer.
The players choose bedrooms.
Cynthia and Francis take one.
Duffy gets his own  the others share.
Jay and Lea talk.
Someone sneaks in and tries to steal Jay s gun.
Jay and Lea foil the attempt and assemble everyone.
Where they all argue.
Afterwards  Jay tells Lea.
He only trusts her and Duffy.
The players open a wine cabinet and have drinks.
Who returns.
Lea goes.
Jay sits.
Francis leaves  he breaks it in the bathroom  and hides some shards under the toilet lid.
Shona  Claire and Max get drunk.
Al B flirts and dances.
Francis arrives.
The two men fight.
Al B pushes her and knocks the back.
When Cynthia intervenes.
Causes her death.
Jay arrests Al B  and locks him.
The players are shocked.
Al B screams to be let out.
Duffy brings him food.
He escapes and attacks Jay  he beats him to a pulp.
Jay gives Duffy his gun.
Al B slowly backs and shuts the door.
The next day  the six remaining players find food and wine.
Says Good work.
They run and find.
He has hung himself.
Duffy and Lea stand.
The other players leave to eat.
Francis retreats and show signs.
Shona and Claire argue.
It escalates.
Where Claire kills Shona.
Meanwhile  Francis goes.
Who is washing her face.
He rips the light fixture and throws it into the sink  electrocuting her.
Claire tells Duffy.
She killed Shona.
Duffy leaves to look  and finds her on the bathroom floor.
Francis arrives  and pretends to act surprised.
Meanwhile  Claire goes to get food  but sees Max.
She offers to form an alliance  he accepts.
Francis attacks Duffy.
He would not retaliate.
Duffy shoots him.
Max wraps his belt.
Claire turns around.
Duffy returns and sees Max strangle Claire.
Max explains  but refuses Duffy s pleas to stop.
She was stealing food.
Duffy shoots Max.
The gunshot awakens Lea.
Who had survived the electrocution.
She barricades the door and rushes  but knocks the toilet lid and discovers the glass shards that Francis hid.
She tears a shower curtain and wraps it.
Duffy asks Claire  but he is stabbed by Francis.
She is okay.
He drops the gun.
Francis retrieves it and shoots Claire.
Duffy pleads.
Francis uses the last round to shoot him.
He then declares victory  repeatedly shouting I Win.
Francis hears the noise and heads upstairs.
Lea hides.
When Francis walks.
Lea is no longer.
Lea stabs Francis in the leg with the shard  and runs to a balcony.
Francis charges her.
They flip over the railing.
Lea lands.
She realizes.
When she gets up.
The shard had pierced Francis.
The front door opens  revealing a bright light  and a bag.
Lea walks  picks up the bag  and leaves.
The DVD includes two alternate endings.
She is knocked unconscious  and wakes up in her apartment bed.
Lea steps.
She notices the bag  a small TV set and a videotape.
She opens the bag and sees a pile.
She plays the tape  and sees the camera footage.
The Watcher says.
She just became a member  and that he is very proud.
The picture then goes.
Where there are nine new people passed out.
Lea stares  Happy viewing  In the second originally intended ending   she is led into another one.
The Watcher says.
Lea leaves the house.
Where she meets four people.
Each have a bag of money.
The camera zooms in  a fearful look grows.
She realizes that the game is not over.
<EOS>
The film begins.
The guard eventually enters a room.
He can not escape and starts begging his reflection in a mirror for his life.
Suddenly  his reflection cuts its throat  killing the real security guard.
Ben Carson  a suspended police detective  begins his first day.
Was gutted.
The building still contains numerous mirrors.
He finds a mirror.
Appears to be covered.
He sees an open door.
It is actually closed.
Ben begins to see more intense visions.
He initially shrugs off.
He soon finds the wallet.
Inside is a note.
Says Esseker.
Ben is convinced.
The mirrors make people do things that they are not actually doing.
Meanwhile  Ben s sister  Angela is killed and slowly pull its mouth apart  causing her to bleed profusely.
It grips its jaw.
Ben is distraught.
When he finds her body.
He attempts to destroy the mirrors at the Mayflower.
They are impervious.
He demands to know.
What the mirrors want.
Cracks appear  spelling out the word ESSEKER.
Ben enters the flooded basement and finds a small sign stating Psychiatric Studies and St.
Matthew s Hospital underneath.
He moves and begins pulling at the tiles and brick of the wall and finds a room with a chair surrounded by mirrors beyond it  a Psychomanteum.
Realizing  Ben asks his police friend Larry to help him locate the patient-employee manifest.
The Mayflower was built.
Larry finds the name Anna Esseker  a patient.
She was twelve years old and died in a mass suicide.
Ben looks  and finds an Authorization and Consent form.
Negated her Death Certificate  stating that she had been discharged before the suicide and is led to believe that Anna is still alive.
Meanwhile  Ben s wife Amy discovers her son Michael s reflection acting differently.
She calls Ben.
Who immediately returns home.
Together they cover every reflective surface.
Ben locates Anna Esseker s childhood home  and discovers  and diagnosed.
She was violent and uncontrollable.
She was taken.
Matthew s Hospital.
Who believed that she was suffering.
His treatment was to confine Anna.
This would cure her disorder.
Ben is told.
When she returned  apparently cured  strange things started to happen.
Her family sent her to a convent  Saint Augustine s Monastery.
Where mirrors are forbidden.
Ben visits the convent  and finds Anna.
Who explains that she was actually possessed and became trapped in the mirrors.
She explains.
It collects the souls and if she were to return it would make it possible for the demon to be brought back into the mortal world.
She refuses to go back.
Meanwhile  Amy discovers.
Michael is missing.
A thin reflective layer is completely covering the floor.
She finds Michael using a chef knife to scrape the paint from the mirrors.
Amy tries to stop him.
He escapes  obviously possessed.
Having threatened her  Ben returns with Anna to the Mayflower and straps her into the chair in the Psychomanteum.
Back Michael is suddenly pulled through the water on the floor by his reflection and begins to drown.
The lights begin to flicker.
The building begins to shake.
The demons are released.
They repossess Anna and all the mirrors.
Simultaneously  Michael is released.
Amy is able to pull him.
Ben is then attacked.
He manages to kill her igniting a nearby gas line  setting off a huge explosion.
The old building collapses  killing the demon  and trapping Ben.
He rushes.
Ben pulls himself out and stumbles his way out of the building.
Policemen and firemen are everywhere.
A body is seen taken by paramedics  but nobody notices Ben.
He looks guard s name tag  and sees.
It is written backwards  realizing everything is.
He comes and fails to see his own reflection.
He reaches out to touch it.
He realizes and is now trapped  in the living world his hand appears as a handprint on the glass surface.
He was crushed under the rubble.
<EOS>
A corrupt and greedy businessman  Carl Ridley  is running  with his 18-year-old daughter Pippa in tow.
Pippa is not happy to leave her friends and comfortable life.
Arriving  Ridley is preoccupied.
Banks are rapidly closing.
He must find a clean place to store his stolen money.
Meanwhile  Pippa finds native Caymanian Fritz sleeping off a late night.
He flees  leaving his wallet behind.
She later finds Fritz to return his wallet and befriends him  in spite of his ridiculous come-on attempts.
Fritz is yearning to show her the island.
But he owes money.
Fritz begins scheming.
When he peeks.
Pippa is completely unaware.
She s leading her father than he had in the United States.
A parallel storyline involves Shy  a Cayman native.
He is in the island.
But  Andrea s brother Hammer despises Shy.
To protect their secret affair  Andrea s father were to arrive.
Whenever Shy would visit Andrea at home his good friend Kimo would watch the house.
Shy visits her house and has sex with her.
Kimo falls asleep and fails to warn Shy.
Shy escapes.
Later on  to avenge his sister s lost womanhood  Hammer attacks Shy.
Leaves a permanent scar.
Hammer is sent.
Physically and emotionally scarred  Shy becomes a recluse.
Andrea is emotionally broken and gives in.
Shy has his friend.
Patrick  the son  take him to Richie s birthday party to find Andrea.
Finding her  he runs into the front yard and vomits.
She runs.
He pushes her away knowing.
She is high.
Hammer sees Shy and begins to beat him up.
Shy finally breaks free and runs down the street at him  telling him to stay away.
Meanwhile   Fritz gets pulled in to see Richie.
Pippa talks.
Upset  she finds Fritz and demands.
He take her home.
Having just told Richie to go  he instead takes her to Mr Sterling s yacht.
They find  the police arrive shortly and arrest both.
They sit down inside.
The alarm has been set off.
Pippa is taken.
Fritz is renditioned where a local cop who knows him delivers a lecture and a beating for acting disobediently throughout his life.
Shy obtains a gun and returns to the party to find Hammer.
He corners Hammer and explains.
What a mess Hammer has made.
He says.
He will spare Hammer s life so that he can watch the trouble that he has caused.
Hammer replies.
He would rather see Andrea become a whore than be.
Enraged  Shy pulls the trigger.
Shocked.
What he has done.
Andrea asks Patrick to take her to find Shy.
He is disgusted and kicks her out of his car  but tells her.
Shy is.
She expresses her desire to be  regardless of others  feelings.
When she finds him.
However  she leaves him  forgetting her shoes in her hurry.
When he confesses.
Ridley soon realizes.
When Allen and Ridley go.
He has been betrayed and is taken by the FBI.
He discovers.
When Allen goes home to retrieve the money that he believes he tricked Ridley.
The bag contains only sand and a conch shell.
Pippa discovers the million dollars under her mattress.
Andrea prepares for Hammer s funeral with her father  Kimo comforts Shy s mother.
Shy sits.
Where Andrea left him.
He then gets  cuts the rope and motors away  throwing the gun into the water.
<EOS>
Chris Pepper and Charlie Salt own a nightclub  operating under the suspicious eye of the intrepid Inspector Crabbe.
One night  Pepper finds an Asian girl.
Assuming  he makes a date and thinks.
She s drunk or high.
She responds.
It turns out.
The girl is dying.
Her death sets off a chain.
Puts the unlucky Salt and Pepper  with the girl s dying words.
<EOS>
A western love story set in.
Tokalah is a warrior.
Who is mysteriously drawn.
He and his tribe return to the town later and kidnap Anna together with her friend  Sarah White and force them both to live with the Lakotas.
Anna at first refuses his overtures  then gradually adjusts to her new life and begins to feel a connection to Tokalah and the Lakotas way of life.
Sarah however remains desperate to return home.
The women are rescued from the tribe by the cavalry force led by General Custer and reunited with their families.
Anna  however  longing to be  leaves her husband and brother and returns to Tokalah.
<EOS>
The narrator explains.
Clothes strongly affect people s behavior.
A typical businessman s suit is replaced with a pirate outfit  causing him to act like one.
The narrator then adds.
Sometimes one piece  like a hat  can change somebody s behavior.
We next see Elmer Fudd  and have his bowler hat replaced with a hunter s cap.
Makes him act.
The scene then focuses.
To allow the audience to explore this phenomenon some more  a truck.
Going. 
Uphill  allows its loose doors to fly open  which  allows all the hats inside to fly out all over the valley.
An army helmet lands  bearing Technical Sergeant stripes.
Bugs suddenly adopts the authoritative behavior.
Orders Elmer forward march off the river bank.
Where many are.
Elmer comes up wearing the hat  glasses and corncob pipe of General Douglas MacArthur  paraphrasing his famous line by saying  I have wetuwned.
Elmer slips.
Bugs emerges.
Elmer shoots  thinking Bugs is wearing it.
Bugs  now a warden  chastizes Elmer.
When Elmer starts to explain.
Arthur Q.
Bryan s proper pronunciation was an unusual and recurring phenomenon in this film.
A gust both hats away.
A pilgrim hat lands.
Who finishes his explanation.
Elmer enunciates the r properly.
Meantime  an Indian headdress lands   takes the gun away from Elmer.
Who adopts a stereotyped Indian war whoop.
A short-lived chase ensues.
The hats fall off  Elmer  returning to his original form  snatches his gun back from Bugs  and gives chase  the chase continues to a busy highway.
Bugs scampers across.
Suddenly  a little old lady s bonnet lands  making him act like one.
Meantime  a Boy Scout hat lands.
Bugs helps.
Elmer cross the street.
A passing car spins them  the hats fly off.
The chase resumes.
Elmer blasts away.
Where Bugs is hiding.
The rabbit is wearing gangster fedora.
When Bugs comes from the other side of the rock.
Robinson  and starts to threaten Elmer.
Right then a cop s hat lands.
Who then starts.
Elmer initially refuses the bribe.
Bugs  hat is replaced.
He can hand it back.
Bugs sentences Elmer to only 45 years at hard labor  out of consideration to his family.
Elmer calls out  Oh  Judge  wiww you mawwy me.
After Bugs walks away  lamenting how he ca nt abide a dishonest police officer.
A top hat falls.
He accepts the proposal.
The Wedding March by Mendelssohn plays in the underscore.
Bugs is carrying Elmer.
Bugs says  Ya know  I think.
It always helps a picture to have a romantic ending.
Iris out.
<EOS>
The Stooges end up being chased into a dental office.
Eventually  the boys study  and graduate.
The dean gives them their first recommendation to go out west  and open a practice.
The boys open up shop.
When their first customer comes in.
Wearing glasses  Dr Shemp proceeds to drill the patient s teeth until smoke rises from his mouth.
The appointment is abruptly cut short.
When an irate customer enters the office.
Feeling nervous  Shemp accidentally picks up the wrong book  entitled The Amateur Carpenter.
They first rub sandpaper  and paste the inside of his hat.
They thought it was to varnish the lid.
It is the wrong book.
They take the painful tooth.
Yank it out  causing him to wake up.
The patient is pulled off the chair.
Unfortunately  Shemp extracted the wrong tooth.
<EOS>
An escaped convict  heading  has gotten hold of a canister of a radioactive powder known as Cobalt-60  a substance dangerous enough to kill everyone in the city.
Is. 
What he does nt know.
Exposure is slowly killing him.
The authorities must find him and the.
That happens.
<EOS>
King Johan III orders them to leave the country and puts their commanders in jail.
Sir Archie  Sir Filip and Sir Donald  three  succeed to escape and flee to Marstrand  then under Danish rule  in hope of being able to return to Scotland.
Sir Arne is introduced as a wealthy man.
Who is said to be.
His treasure is said to have been looted during the Protestant reform.
It will one day be his doom.
Arne s wife has a premonition  but is not taken seriously.
Dining. 
Where three rogues are sharpening very long knives nearby.
However  the three Scots enter the family s mansion  murders the family  steal Sir Arne s treasure chest and burn down the building.
The only survivor is the daughter Elsalill.
Elsalill is taken care.
Who lets her live in Marstrand  where also the Scottish officers have arrived and are waiting for the ice to break so they can sail away.
Eslalill encounters Sir Archie.
They both fall without recognising each other.
Eventually however  Elsalill happens to overhear a conversation  and understands.
Who they are.
She reports the criminals  but they are backed up.
Who also are waiting to leave.
The situation becomes violent.
The emotionally shaken Elsalill seeks up Sir Archie  but in the ongoing turmoil  Elsalill is fatally wounded.
Who deeply regrets his crime.
Guards try to arrest Sir Archie.
Sir Archie escapes.
The ice still wo nt break however.
It is.
There are evildoers.
The three officers are soon identified and thrown.
A long procession march.
<EOS>
The Sethna family consists of a retired sculptor Dinshaw and his wife Katy.
Dinshaw s brother Farrokh  their father Fardoonjee  and Farrokh s wife Tina reside.
It is.
Cyrus Mistry  the narrator  shows up at the Sethnas  doorstep in Panchgani one morning  a seeming wanderer hailing from Jamshedpur who professes his admiration for Dinshaw s work and asks if he can be his apprentice.
Dinshaw and Katy agree.
Soon the young man becomes a part.
Katy makes advances.
He tolerates while cryptically telling the audience that he is playing Katy.
Cyrus gets to know the oddball couple better - Dinshaw is a perpetually zoned-out eccentric.
A rather affable one.
The rather promiscuous Katy  tired  has embarked on an affair with her brother-in-law Farrokh in Mumbai.
Katy makes Cyrus her pawn  sending him to visit her father-in-law Fardoonjee.
Who lives  with orders to get a stash of money Fardoonjee supposedly has.
Cyrus realizes.
He is.
Farrokh s timid young wife  Tina  is unable to be herself except.
Farrokh is.
She enjoys smoking  loud music and goes.
When Farrokh is gone.
One day Katy convinces Cyrus to go and murder her father.
That she can be.
Unknown  Farrokh plans to kill him after the deed to close the loose end.
Cyrus arrives.
When Tina is coincidentally.
He feeds Fardoonjee his favorite dish and kills him immediately afterwards.
This is positioned.
Farrokh sneaks.
Cyrus kills him instead.
Cyrus picks up the phone and tells her.
When Katy calls to check.
Her plan is.
And then Cyrus vanishes.
The Inspector calls Katy and Dinshaw.
She constantly blames Cyrus.
He finds no evidence.
When the Inspector investigates.
So Katy and Dinshaw are arrested.
Poor Tina is sent home.
A few months later  Tina is.
When the door is opened surreptitiously.
It looks.
He has come to finish the last murder.
Shockingly  Tina and Cyrus embrace each other.
This whole murder is shown to be an elaborate plot to inherit the whole property.
Her plot has been successful.
Tina is shown.
Who identifies such families.
Cyrus is shown to have a conscience.
He sees a newspaper.
Tina is showering.
Where Tina has marked another family.
Unwilling to participate any further  he runs away.
Tina comes out.
<EOS>
Eddie Schneider is a charismatic and successful creative director.
A master are legendary.
He never loses an account.
Eddie finds himself in prison  facing trial with no way out.
Eddie refuses to testify.
After he s exposed.
He looks doomed to suffer a lifelong jail sentence.
Judy comes to Eddie s rescue providing evidence to prove his innocence.
He has to face his inner demons.
<EOS>
Aspiring designer Miu Ho is hired  and is given the task of finding out  or in some cases  the other way around.
Lingerie makes the woman.
Miu and her cousin Donut inherit a spacious  fully furnished apartment filled.
Her aunt Lara unexpectedly passes away.
The two girls live upstairs becomes involved with part time police officer James Shum.
Who has had items.
Donut works  and is involved with a much older married man  Henry.
Who buys her a pink bra.
Bargirl CC is a customer.
Harvard student Eugene believes.
She may have found true love.
Still a virgin  Miu is determined not to end up  and resolves to find her first love.
Her new colleagues warn her.
The two instead become friends.
Lucas tries to teach Miu.
To attract men  which leads.
Eventually she ends up.
An increasingly jealous Lucas realises.
His feelings are genuine after all.
<EOS>
Erickson is an American-born Swedish oil man.
Who is pressured.
Erickson begins his job reluctantly  and forces him to pose.
It causes marital discord.
He agrees.
Otherwise his business would be destroyed.
Realizes. 
It is the right thing to do.
He is influenced.
Who gives him guidance.
Erickson has a number  but eventually escapes to Sweden in a harrowing sea voyage.
<EOS>
Young Samantha Parkington lives in fictional Mount Bedford on the Hudson River in New York State circa.
Nellie  a servant girl  moves into the house next-door with her father and two younger sisters.
Samantha is an unspoiled young girl and takes an instant liking to Nellie  teaching her to read and sharing Nellie s household tasks such as carpet beating  darning  and other small jobs.
Samantha and Nellie become fast friends.
The girls turn  and grow as close as sisters.
She and her little sisters are sent.
Nellie s father dies.
Samantha rescues the girls and hides them.
Nellie secretly takes a job.
Samantha tracks her down and brings her home  then bravely speaks out.
Eventually  Samantha s Uncle Gard and his new wife Cornelia adopt the three little orphans.
The film ends.
A sub-plot involves Samantha.
When he brings home his future bride.
<EOS>
One of the richest fishing regions in the world  hundreds of Moroccan fishermen  pushed by the increasing shortage of resources in the north  huddle together in tents sprayed by the ocean.
However  their quest has revealed itself to be a tragic trap.
They are sentenced to remain and catch.
They have no licenses.
What they can  while foreign trawlers equipped  captures the sea s riches to export them to other continents.
<EOS>
This drama depicts the difficult lives.
<EOS>
A disparate group is recruited by the wartime British Special Operations Executive to train for covert operations behind enemy lines in Belgium.
These include a priest and a Belgian emigree  the latter having suffered personal tragedy.
Her motives are initially questioned.
She is finally given the green light.
The operatives are parachuted into Belgium  briefed to destroy a Nazi records office in Brussels and to spring a prominent S.
O.
E.
Agent. 
The S.
The group arrive.
O.
E.
Discover  however it is too late to raise the alert.
One is a.
The operatives are hiding.
Out when the S.
O.
E.
Succeed. 
The individual is executed.
The second part goes ahead  with the captured S.
O.
E.
Operative being successfully released.
<EOS>
Precocious  bohemian teenager Placid Lake finishes high school  but.
Having an existential crisis devises a plan to totally reinvent himself.
Lake gets a haircut  bespoke suit  and gets a white collar job working.
A few weeks spent reading a library.
Lake has a smart friend Gemma.
Who tries to talk him out.
<EOS>
Dev Karan Singh  a casanova and ambitious painter deep  agrees to marry Anita  the daughter of Singhania  a rich tycoon.
Priya  a music teacher  is engaged to Raj.
Whom she has agreed to marry because he had helped her when she was.
Priya and Dev meet.
However   they agree to work everything out and meet in 6 months on Valentine s Day to get married.
Dev breaks off his engagement with Anita and starts working hard.
Driven  he creates and auctions beautiful paintings  and becomes very successful.
Priya realizes.
Leaving Raj will be wrong and sadly writes a letter  explaining everything.
He supports Priya and convinces her to go.
When Raj gets the letter instead.
Things take a bad turn.
When   Priya gets hit by a car and gets her legs amputated.
Dev   believes.
Who waited all night.
She has rejected him  as he does not know.
Priya forbids Raj.
However  both Dev and Priya still love and pine.
Dev continues his career and goes on to become a famous painter.
One day  Priya attends his art exhibition and wishes to buy a painting  a sentimental picture of her speaking to his beloved grandmother.
Whom Dev had introduced during the cruise.
Dev had said  he tells the host.
He would not sell the painting as it was.
One day  he visits Priya to give her an anklet.
His grandmother  who recently died  had wished to have when she became Dev s bride.
Initially unaware  Dev realizes the truth.
When he sees the painting.
The two embrace tearfully.
He assures Priya.
He will love her no matter what.
Dev and Priya then get married and live happily ever.
<EOS>
Set  the film follows the lives of protagonist Francis Doyle  and three of his friends  Tim Sullivan  Wade Scalisi  and Joey Anderson.
The four boys all attend a private Catholic school named St.
Agatha s.
They each detest.
The boys experiment.
Agatha and keeping it.
The four friends dedicate much to a comic book of their own creation titled The Atomic Trinity in order to escape the monotony and avoid the difficulties in their own lives.
Was actually written.
She and Francis have an obvious connection.
Progresses. 
Francis must choose between his friends and Margie.
Causes the group to fall apart.
The boys  lives are also translated.
Tim and Francis have the idea of playing another prank on Sister Assumpta.
They decide the cougar at the local zoo.
Then transport it to scare her.
The other half wimp out.
When they learn how serious Tim and Francis are.
Leaves an unlikely group.
Francis soon learns.
Margie had been sexually assaulted  causing him to rethink his relationship with her.
The two later reconcile.
Donny  Margie s older brother  bullies Tim during class.
Tim   insults Donny for molesting his own sister.
He regrets telling Donny  and then tells Francis.
Who becomes angry.
Donny takes Tim and Francis s comic  The Atomic Trinity and gives it.
The violent  blasphemous and inappropriate drawings cause Tim and Francis to be suspended  pending expulsion from the school.
Francis  Wade  and Joey attempt to steal a cougar to place inside the school to cover up a wrecking of the school.
They did that night.
A makeshift tranquilizer created from several narcotic drugs is used to put the cougar to sleep.
The other three boys go down.
Tim impulsively climbs into the cougar s den.
He checks to see  and happily replies.
The cougar is alive.
It is.
Another cougar leaps  mauling him to death.
When the other boys reach the gate to retrieve the cougar.
Francis quotes the poem Tyger Tyger.
Francis places the book.
Agatha  and starts a new comic series dedicated entirely to the character based on Tim  Skeleton Boy.
<EOS>
The film is set during the 1955 Montgomery Bus Boycott  and features Whoopi Goldberg as Odessa Cotter  an African-American maid  employed by a well-to-do white woman  Miriam Thompson  played by Spacek.
The story is told Mary Catherine.
Whom Odessa is a nanny.
Odessa and her family are faced at the time  poverty  racism  violence  and discrimination based solely on the color of their skin.
She is left.
When a boycott prevents Odessa from riding the bus to work.
To walk.
Her employer  Miriam Thompson  offers to give her a ride two days a week.
Order to ensure she makes it to work and alleviate the effect the long walk home is having on her.
However   tensions rise.
The boycott progresses.
Giving Odessa a ride to work becomes an issue.
Miriam is faced.
What she believes is right.
Miriam decides to follow her heart and becomes involved in a carpool group for other workers like Odessa.
Miriam and Mary Catherine join Odessa and the other protesters in standing against oppression.
<EOS>
A team of Army Ranger trainees and their instructor  Master Sergeant Nathan West  engage in a training exercise  navigate the jungle in hurricane conditions  using live fire to hit targets  then rendezvous at a bunker.
Hours later  a trainee  later identifying himself  emerges from the jungle carrying a wounded comrade  Second Lieutenant Levi Kendall.
A third soldier  Mueller  pursues  shooting.
Dunbar kills Mueller.
The mission had gone horribly wrong.
The rest are presumed dead.
Captain Julia Osborne finds Dunbar refusing to talk.
He insists  and draws an 8 inside a circle on a piece of paper.
Spooked Colonel Bill Styles  calls in an experienced interrogator and friend  Tom Hardy  an ex-Ranger  now a DEA agent under investigation for suspicion of bribery and assigns him to Osborne.
Hardy and Osborne have only 6 hours.
The CID transport arrives to take Dunbar and Kendall away.
Hardy reveals to Dunbar.
He served as a Ranger  and mentions West is infamous for being a ruthless  tough-as-nails sergeant.
Dunbar relates.
A trainee  named Pike  earned West s wrath  and went on the Panama training mission with Dunbar  Kendall  Mueller and two others  Nunez and Castro.
Hardy and Osborne suggest.
Pike had motive to murder him.
Dunbar refuses to say more.
Hardy and Osborne then go to see Kendall  son of Staff general  recovering from gunshot wounds.
Hardy runs into Dr Peter Vilmer  an old friend and Osborne s former love interest.
Kendall reveals.
He is a homosexual and claims West hated him  and that West silently threatened his life shortly before the mission began  partnering him with Castro for the mission  and feared West may have ordered Castro to give him a training accident.
Kendall claims.
West died when hit with a white phosphorus grenade and that Pike confessed to the crime  thinking his comrades would be on board with him in support.
However  the team decided to turn Pike.
Pike tried to gain Kendall s sympathies  playing on their mutual hatred of West.
Pike proposed killing Mueller and Nunez and convincing Dunbar and Castro to back them up.
Kendall dismissed Pike s suggestion  but later spots Pike whispering.
Kendall says.
Dunbar went back  extracted his pistol and aimed it at the sleeping Mueller.
A firefight ensued.
Mueller shot Castro.
Who fired and hit Nunez  Kendall and Pike.
Nunez and Pike die.
Kendall is wounded.
Dunbar then carried Kendall  exchanging fire to the pickup point.
Seen. 
Asked  Kendall suggests maybe Dunbar expected him to cover in gratitude.
Dunbar would rescue him.
Dunbar  now accused  says and claims.
Kendall is lying.
He did nt shoot West.
Hardy notes.
Kendall claimed West died  not shooting.
Dunbar claims.
Mueller and Castro were selling prescription drug kits called combat cocktails to help dull physical pain and sharpen the mind  that Mueller shot West  who became aware Mueller then used Pike s grenade  stolen from his pack earlier.
Mueller tried to pin the blame on Pike.
Pike pointed out evidence throwing suspicion.
A fierce argument ensued.
Mueller executed Pike.
A firefight broke out.
Castro and Nunez die.
Dunbar rescued Kendall and killed Mueller before the helicopter pickup.
Dunbar provides proof  and states.
Vilmer supplied the drugs.
Osborne and Hardy return and speak with Dr Vilmer.
Who admits that he distributed drugs and that he falsified drug tests so the soldiers would come up clean.
Vilmer is placed.
Styles orders Osborne and Hardy to not talk again.
But Hardy and Osborne confront Kendall.
Who is acting very strangely and refuses to give them any useful information  but still claims that Dunbar was the guilty party.
Kendall begins bleeding out  suddenly starts vomiting blood  and abruptly dies.
Is the sign.
He dies he uses his blood soaked finger to draw what she thinks.
She realizes.
It is an.
She shows this.
Who indicates ignorance.
She suspects.
He knows.
He takes her aside and explains the conversation.
He had earlier.
There is rumored to be a group  trained under West.
Who turned rogue and became.
They call themselves Section.
Styles is furious.
Osborne and Hardy talked to Kendall a second time after he explicitly ordered them not to.
He relieves Osborne and asks Hardy to leave.
He informs them.
Dunbar and Vilmer will be taken away shortly.
S.
And he considers.
The investigation closed.
Vilmer casually observes to Hardy and Osborne.
He will be.
Hardy corrects him  saying.
Vilmer says.
S not right.
Ray Dunbar is black.
The white Dunbar is.
Hardy and Osborne have been questioning.
Whom West antagonized.
Pike had switched his tags   after being transported for trial.
Order to throw off the local authorities and disappear.
Hardy and Osborne rush back.
As Pike is being taken.
Hardy grabs Pike and holds his face dangerously close.
The two engage.
What they say is inaudible.
Pike then drops.
Afterward  Hardy and Osborne lead Pike away to interrogate him again now.
They know the truth.
West was not shot.
He claims.
West knew going on at the base  cocaine smuggling.
He claims West confronted the Rangers and told them.
He would turn them and tell Styles everything.
A brief Mexican standoff ensued and West escaped the bunker.
Nunez chased and was shot by West.
Shortly  Pike found Dunbar dead  West shot Kendall  wounding him  and tried to convince Pike to give himself up.
Castro and Mueller went looking.
Pike says.
Mueller managed to kill West  that he then shot  and knowing that he would be blamed if West died  took Dunbar s dog tags.
It is still established.
He managed to escape  carried Kendall  killed Mueller and was picked up by the helicopter.
He gives Hardy  Osborne and Styles the number of a crate.
Where Vilmer had stowed cocaine.
They open it.
Hardy then talks to Styles alone.
He asks.
West would nt tell Styles as soon as he suspected something.
He then accuses Styles  and believes.
West did in fact go  but that Styles was behind the drug dealing operation the whole time  that rather than side with West  Styles ordered Mueller and Kendall to kill him in the jungle and then poisoned Kendall afterward to keep him quiet.
Osborne  meanwhile  approaching the office  overhears  and secretly listens.
Styles laughs off the accusations.
Styles offers him a percentage.
Hardy starts to leave.
He s back  to keep his mouth shut.
Hardy declines his offer and turns to leave.
Styles draws his weapon and is about to shoot Hardy  but is killed.
Who was secretly watching.
Osborne is about to leave the base for the night.
Hardy tells her that everything s fine and all she has to do concerning.
The shooting is Tell the story right.
Osborne recalls hearing that phrase  describing.
Members planned to cover up West s death.
Osborne suspects.
Hardy may be involved  especially since he hated West and because Section 8 contains West s former trainees.
She tails him out  and sees Pike run out from some roadside bushes and get into Hardy s jeep.
She follows them through the streets of Panama City crowded with costumed revelers and watches.
The two enter a doorway with a big eight ball hanging above it.
Osborne sneaks.
They are.
Then West  very much alive  walks up.
Castro  Dunbar and Nunez are also there  fixing breakfast.
They reveal to Osborne.
Section 8 is actually a black-ops anti-drug unit led.
The Section-8 insane-mercenary story is a cover to spook the cartels.
Dunbar  Castro  Nunez and Pike infiltrated the base to investigate the cocaine trafficking  and discovered.
Was going on.
Mueller  Kendall and Vilmer were responsible.
West  not realizing  informed him.
Styles was also involved.
Styles responded.
The training mission ordered was in fact a covert Section-8 set-up of Mueller and Kendall  and fake West s death.
To get rid.
Hardy had been called by the coded message from Dunbar to confirm Styles  and Vilmer s involvement.
West and Hardy then offer Osborne a job.
<EOS>
A former mob hitman  now  is forced to come out of retirement.
When his family is threatened.
He teams up.
Who has a computer disk that the mob wants to get their hands.
The list includes his dad  and had nt been seen.
Who separated before.
<EOS>
Hindustan Colony  lying  is a typical Indian city side colony  populated mainly with middle-class and lower-class people.
Who are busy.
The problem had been a serious cause.
Had been neglected.
Goplakrishnan  a resident is an educated youth.
Who works.
Along Gopalakrishnan is active in all cultural activities.
He is with Gowri  daughter of Poomukhath Kurup  a corrupted business contractor.
Who is also his uncle.
It was the callousness.
Led. 
Politics is in turmoil in the state.
The chief minister is to retain power  in spite of strong opposition from within his own party.
Kunjikannan Nambiar  a seasoned shroud politician is all set to take up the power.
The sudden death demands a.
Is crucial to survive.
Kunjikanan Nambiar takes out his political clout and demands the seat.
The chief minister lets Nambiar the power to choose a candidate  but a fresher.
Nambiar  then decides to stand Gopalakrishnan.
Who enjoys a strong influence.
Gopalakrishnan  becomes a candidate and wins the election.
Who   thus with the support of his friends.
But Nambiar does nt ends his game.
Nambiar argues for a ministry and makes Gopalakrishnan the home minister of the state.
Nambiar  a politician wanted the home ministry in his hands to ensure easy flow of weapons through the state.
But  Gopalakrishnan starts performing in his own capacity.
Where. 
Gopalakrishnan wins the heart.
When he announces free policing system and cleansing the law and order.
Mohammed Iqbal  a young dynamic police officer is assigned the task.
Who arrests the goons  where.
His order to release the goons is been denounced.
Who also prevents the plans to ignite communal violence.
But Nambiar decides to start a revolt.
His plan to divide the people shows results.
Creates minor scuffles.
Subair  the childhood friend.
Who is.
Several temples and mosques are now raided from home minister.
Where including guns and bombs are found by police.
This issue rocks the state.
Nambiar masterminds a huge communal violence  mainly at Hindustan Colony.
The goons of Nambiar sets fire at several houses  and rapes several women  including Subair s sister.
Subair   gets killed.
The next morning   Gopalakrishnan faces severe protest from the people  including his dear ones.
Who accuses him.
Gopalakrishnan resigns.
The chief minister did not approve his resignation.
He asks Gopalakrishnan to show his power by exposing the real culprits in front of the society.
Gopalakrishnan   raids the stores and garages of Nambiar  seizing several explosives.
The mob goes violent and attacks Nambiar and sets him.
<EOS>
Coco and his 7-month pregnant wife Pipi  have recently moved and fail to notice the increasing chaos surrounding them.
Shortly  authorities quarantine.
The building and Coco allies himself  to defend his refrigerator and keep Pipi safe while the world outside the apartment is falling apart.
<EOS>
The film revolves.
Their life together is marked.
Sarah repeatedly becomes involved.
Who treat her and Jeremiah poorly  and uses them.
She disappears.
Whom she then abandons.
Jeremiah s grandmother takes him to a West Virginian radical Christian cult led by his grandfather.
Sarah returns to reclaim a now 11-year-old Jeremiah.
Sarah s current lover  Kenny  a truck driver  eventually abandons them.
Sarah is soliciting herself.
Sarah realizes  then she can not say.
If she is going to keep her men.
Jeremiah is her son.
Jeremiah allows his mother to persuade him.
He can act.
Jeremiah s crossdressing evolves to include his mother s seduction techniques.
Jeremiah/Sarah seduces Jackson  his mother s latest man.
Who initially tries to rebuff the boy s advances.
Then he gives in.
Furious for giving in to the boy s advances and with Jeremiah for ruining her panties  she takes Jeremiah and leaves.
Later  they are seen.
Where the basement houses a meth lab which later blows up inside.
And  Sarah is convinced.
Detoxing. 
Everyone is  and that only certain foods are edible  she then convinces Jeremiah that if they eat anything but those foods  they will be poisoned.
Afterwards Jeremiah finds a hamburger to eat.
Then leads Sarah and Jeremiah.
His mother  is convinced the food.
He ate was poison  and makes him drink ipecac in order to make him better and rid him.
Jeremiah wakes up beside him.
She tells him.
Sarah is.
Later that night  Sarah collects Jeremiah  and   she clutches her son s hand.
Rather than have him go back.
They both walk away.
The final scene is driving away.
<EOS>
Stud Brown played.
Internet Movie Database Dynamite Brothers Larry Chin is.
S.
Trying to find his older brother but not Burke played.
He is captured by a crooked cop.
Larry Chin is handcuffed.
Who was.
The two escape and end up in Watts.
.
COM The Dynamite Brother The film was also released with various titles such as Stud Brown  Killing Of A Chinese Bookie etc.
<EOS>
The plot follows the coronial investigation.
Killed 83 people as a commuter train left the rails and hit a row.
The bridge and several cars crashed down onto carriages three and four  crushing them and the passengers inside.
Its supports demolished.
<EOS>
An unhappily married woman  Nancy  leaves her silent husband behind to meet a fellow broken soul in search of a final release.
Louis is a quiet dispenser  Nancy is the mechanism set to.
Beyond medication  beyond feeling  Nancy is left with the only coping mechanism  violence.
She ever knew.
Together  they journey before finding solace in each other s arms.
Solace can only come from death  for Louis  it can only come from Nancy.
Nancy s husband Albert is left.
Bleak life could be.
The relationship straddles the thin line between pleasure and pain  crossing over into a film.
Is as emotional as it is unnerving.
<EOS>
The film opens.
A man and a woman walk on their way to work.
They exit the driveway.
The couple start their cars.
The woman wakes up  frightened   he drives off.
The man is about to depart  the woman notices the victim  but as she exits her car to warn the man.
Neil Conners receives a chain letter.
He is the first person who links the chain.
Else he will die.
His sister Rachael then enters his room and forwards the letter  but.
Neil then adds his sister and sends it.
Jessica Jessie Campbell   gets the letter and forwards it  Johnny Jones also receives it but refuses to send it  believing it to be ridiculous.
Who is Rachael s best friend.
A black hooded figure slams his head and knocks two of his teeth out.
He is getting a drink at the fountain in the gym.
Unconscious  he is chained arm-by-arm and.
Which the killer uses the chains to slice his face open  which kills him.
Jessie becomes suspicious.
More people start to die.
She is attacked by the black hooded figure.
Rachael is taking a bath.
Who stabs a spear  splitting it open.
Jessie  Neil  and Michael must now try to stop the murders.
A few days later  Jessie attends Rachael s funeral and is greeted.
He tells her.
Later on   he panics and decides to delete all.
More people send Neil the message.
Order to be able to confront the killer.
The killer  however  is  and sends a chain smashing through his ceiling.
Neil dies a bloody death.
He gets dragged up by chains with various sickles and a hook.
It is revealed.
The man was a soldier.
He was tortured by the enemy.
He had a government-issued cell phone.
He returns and breaks out of a hospital  disappearing.
He starts a cult.
Who are marked.
The woman chained is revealed to be Jessie.
The film closes.
Who is killed because she sent the chain letter without sending it to four other people.
Michael saves her.
Detective Jim Crenshaw is shown chained.
The film ends.
The killer is being killed.
<EOS>
Senza Tempo is a tale.
It tells the story.
He recreates.
The Blue Ribbon is a symbol  and the timelessness of love.
<EOS>
Lake Placid 2 continues the story  taking place a few years after the ending of the first film.
The story has become simple folklore within the town.
There is a new sheriff.
The crocodile myth resurfaces.
When a researcher is plucked.
A member   comes to town to investigate these allegations.
Who is also a woman.
Together they go.
Emma discovers the severed head.
There. 
The group stops by crazy old Sadie s house  sister to the now deceased Delores Bickerman from the first film.
Sadie proves to be a stubborn old woman.
Who refuses to aid.
The team heads back.
Their visit proves fruitless.
They run by way of a hungry twenty-foot crocodile.
Destroys the Sheriff s boat.
A seaplane flies overhead and lands  revealing poacher Sam MacMurray and his ally Ahmad.
The team swims to shore.
Almost immediately the team is attacked   by the crocodile.
It is revealed.
The team continues to try to solve the crocodile.
Sadie has been a part of the problem  feeding these giants hormone enhanced meat that has been rejected by the government.
The plot thickens.
When it is revealed that there are four enormous crocodiles  and that two have mated  leaving a nest full of gigantic crocodile eggs.
<EOS>
This story follows the wild gypsy s adventures as a siren and bandit.
Carmen lures an innocent soldier  getting him expelled from the army.
He then turns to banditry  killing Carmen s husband and others.
All this makes.
<EOS>
The police officer fails.
So his boss Hugh Janus transfers him.
Some former female students are just gathering in a luxury hotel.
The young ladies once belonged and are now invited to an erotic photo shoot.
Is organised.
Terri Walker  one of the former students  is strangled in the pool.
Her friend William Culp is absent.
Detective Newman begins to investigate the murder together.
They find a document.
Resembles a final examination certificate and has the imprint Failed.
William tells them to observe Derek Simmons very closely.
The next student dies.
Amanda Calvin is lured outside by a phone call and falls victim to the unknown murderer.
Later the cops find William.
Who also belongs.
They just had sex.
Now they are questioned.
The cops get to know the background.
Five years ago  Rachel Kincaid committed suicide.
She was the favourite for the election of the sorority s speaker.
She was mobbed.
Who is also present now.
William wants to inform them.
Newman and Seska have clarified these connections.
But bevor Newman meets him  the young man is killed and can only indicate.
There is some problem.
Newman again gets Rita in Los Angeles   and asks for Simmons.
Who had already provided him.
Rita gets to know.
The editor is actually called James Derek Kincaid and that he is Rachel s brother.
He has gathered the students.
Megan and Kristen   meet.
Who are the only surviving people.
It is the fifth anniversary.
Kristen suspects Megan and threatens her.
Suddenly the lights go out.
She forces Megan to go.
Where she runs.
Kristen is able to expel the killer  but accidentally shoots.
Newman just arrives to stop the killer.
Who really proves to be Simmons alias Kincaid.
The detective realises.
The case is not yet complete.
Recognizes her necklace.
He has been intimate before he.
She is a sister.
Now she overwhelms Kristen and threatens to strangulate her.
She escapes.
When Newman intervenes.
She stabs a knife and falls down into the water.
The cop just wants to announce the next corpse.
She attacks him.
Newman shoots Taylor.
His colleagues in Los Angeles arrest professor Andrews   but also impregnated his student.
Who was not only Rachel s study adviser.
She died.
The cop Sam reveals to be another brother.
When they arrive.
He shoots the professor.
<EOS>
The film traces the journey.
Who returns to attend her estranged father s funeral.
She seeks to get a closure but finds out that.
He died penniless.
Alone  surprisingly he also left something.
She meets her best friend from school Charlie  together they seek to find her inheritance.
But they also find.
Was lost.
<EOS>
This is one.
Showcased the versatility.
Thilakan is a worker.
His family consists.
Elder son is trying hard to establish himself after having had strong will to stay in Kerala rather than going abroad.
Second sonis looking and is in love with Chippi.
Balachandramenon finally starts a telephone booth and is inaugurated.
Turns out to be an evergreen comedy.
Thilakan however wants Jagadeesh to look out.
Jagadeesh also shows.
Some plans to start a business.
Fell. 
He and Thilakan travelling to Mangalore  meets up with an accident when the lorry they were travelling.
Jagadeesh escapes and Thilakan is not found.
He is believed to be killed.
Thilakan  is an insurance holder.
His sons make arrangements to claim it stating.
Their father is killed.
Thilakan s boss  knowing  tries to interfere.
Thilakan s family is getting a huge amount.
Thilakan surprisingly returns home alive after being in an Ayurvedic Heritage home under treatment nursing his injuries of accident.
His return  however does not please his sons  Jagadeesh.
Who had laid some business plans eyeing at his father s insurance money.
They force Thilakan to stay home enclosed without roaming outside so as to claim the insurance amount.
Thilakan s return is witnessed.
He turns psychic.
Thilakan  unable to bear the humiliation.
His sons care money more.
He is accompanied.
Who asks him whether he is leaving her alone behind.
The climax scene shows Thilakan and Kaviyoor Ponnamma accompanied also and the 3 travelling away from their children to lead a new life.
<EOS>
Set  this movie depicts the story of two girls.
Who were raised together  though they came.
Tara is an upper-caste princess.
Maya is her beautiful servant.
The two girls are best friends.
They get old enough.
Tara is prepared to marry Prince Raj Singh.
Maya is forced.
This culminates.
Where Tara reminds Maya.
Resentful  Maya decides to take revenge.
When she chances alone.
She sleeps.
Unknown  Tara s hunchback brother  Prince Vikram aka Viki  hides and watches the two of them engage in sexual intercourse.
He becomes crushed.
His childhood infatuation slept.
Maya tells her.
Tara is leaving home.
Just as Maya wore the princess s used clothes all her life  Tara will now have something Maya has used.
To save Maya s honor  Viki sends a marriage proposal.
He brands her.
When she refuses.
She is forced to leave her home.
Wandering  she meets a young stone sculptor  Jai Kumar.
Realizing  Jai takes her.
She has nowhere to stay.
Who is a teacher.
Maya begins a romantic relationship.
Is abruptly halted when he realizes he might not be able to work properly consuming his thoughts.
Maya seeks comfort  making the decision to learn the courtesan s art.
Raj  now the king  recognizes the visage in one of Jai s sculptures.
He dispatches his attendants to find Tara and succeeds.
Maya is then delivered as his new concubine.
Raj and Jai have a friendly wrestling competition.
Which Jai wins but also gets the King s favor.
Jai then learns.
The threat of an invading Shah inches closer.
He becomes irresponsible as King.
Raj descends deeper.
He insults Viki sexually and.
Viki writes a letter to the Shah to rid the kingdom of Raj.
Who now taxes the poor.
Jai and Maya resuscitate their love and get married.
The two begin meeting.
Tensions grow.
Raj later catches the two lovers together.
Sentences Jai.
Maya realizes.
She must make difficult choices as she finds she must either accept her role to the King  or help her loved ones  who are headed down their own paths of destruction  all because of her presence in their lives.
Maya and Tara reconcile.
Maya then teaches Tara.
To seduce the King.
Tara promises to help Maya escape to visit Jai.
However   she tells him.
When Tara goes.
She does nt love him enough to hate him  and leaves.
Maya leaves the castle and visits Jai one last time.
She cuts her hair  symbolizing the end.
Maya then tries her best to make Raj free Jai everything.
But knowing  he rejects her plea.
He ca nt have her heart.
A box arrives from the Shah  holidng the severed head of the grand vizier.
Jai is killed.
Maya watches.
She leaves.
As the Shah s army arrives.
Viki  riding  sees Maya and calls to her.
She does nt respond.
She walks away alone   a heart ` as open as the sky.
<EOS>
The film is set during the postwar period  beginning in.
The population suffers the consequences.
A group meet every day in the cafe La Delicia.
<EOS>
The elderly British employees  a staid London firm  rebel against their corporate masters.
Has recently been taken over.
When one is sacked.
Having locked the surviving supervisors  and forced their boss to walk a makeshift plank out a window  they commandeer.
Their Edwardian office building  which suddenly weighs anchor  uses its scaffolding and tarpaulins  and is turned into a pirate ship.
The stone office building starts to move.
If it were a ship.
Sailing  they then proceed to attack The Very Big Corporation of America s skyscraper  using  among other things  wooden filing cabinets.
Have been transformed.
They swing into the board room and engage the executives of VBCA in hand-to-hand combat  vanquishing them.
The clerks continue to sail the wide accountan-cy  until unceremoniously meeting their end by falling off the edge of the world.
Typical.
Pythons would weave previously ` terminated  plot lines.
The movies shifts to follow a modern board room debate about the meaning of life.
This debate is happening in the same room.
Witnessed the battle.
The debate is halted  Has anyone seen that building.
When one executive asks.
The audience gets to see briefly the attack from the angle of the victims in the board room.
The raid is halted.
<EOS>
The film begins crossing the Atlantic Ocean  and initially showcases the misadventures of an unnamed immigrant  the Tramp.
Who finds himself  among other things  playing cards  eating in a mess hall  and avoiding seasick passengers.
He befriends another unnamed immigrant.
Who is traveling with her ailing mother.
The two are robbed.
Who is losing.
The Tramp  feeling sorry women  attempts to secretly place his winnings from his card game in the woman s pocket  but ends up being mistakenly accused of being a pickpocket.
The woman manages to clear the Tramp s name.
The Tramp and the woman part company.
Later  hungry and broke  the tramp finds a coin and pockets it.
He does nt realize there is a hole.
The coin has fallen straight and is back on the ground.
He enters the restaurant  a plate.
Where he orders.
There  he is reunited and discovers.
Her mother is dead.
The Tramp orders a meal.
They watch the restaurant s burly head waiter and other waiters attack and forcibly eject a patron.
They eat.
Who is short.
The Tramp  intimidated  checks and now realizes.
He has lost his coin.
Terrified.
He saw thrown out.
He will fight the huge man.
Soon  however  he finds the same coin fallen onto the floor and makes many failed attempts to retrieve it without notice.
He finally retrieves.
The coin and nonchalantly pays the waiter only to be thunderstruck when the waiter reveals the coin to be fake.
Once again  the Tramp prepares.
A visiting artist spots the Tramp and the woman and offers them a job to pose for a painting.
The two agree.
The artist offers to pay.
The Tramp declines the offer several times  intending to eventually accept the artist s offer  however  he s dismayed.
When the artist does not renew his offer to pay.
The artist pays and leaves a tip for the waiter.
The Tramp notices and presents it.
The tip is enough to cover the couple s meal and   palms the tip.
He lets the waiter keep the remaining change - one small coin - after paying his bill.
The waiter thinks the artist  and is clearly upset.
Himself has given no tip whatsoever.
Afterwards   the Tramp proposes marriage to the woman.
Who is coy and reluctant until the Tramp physically carries the laughing girl.
<EOS>
Successful debaters fly through academic research and facts at a pace of 400 words per minute by utilizing a strategy known as the spread.
The ability to understand a round of policy debate by a lay person has decreased significantly since the spread s development during the.
The accessibility and value of a debate round in increasing public discourse has also decreased.
Today  high-powered rounds and the Tournament of Champions are contested almost exclusively by wealthy students of noteworthy private schools.
Resolved begins.
The team of Funches and Blackwell capture the California state championship.
The team is introduced.
The team has won the state championship while playing by the conventional rules of modern policy debate.
The team from Jordan High changes their debate strategy  arguing against the current strategy used in high school debate  and using Freire s work to show the oppressive nature of the spread and the structure of debate as a whole.
Jordan High s team chooses to read slowly and focus on persuasion rather than pure quick argumentation.
The team s strategies.
Policy debate is structured.
However  they are defeated by a traditional team - Rahul Hirani and Tim Jurka from Saint Francis High School.
The judge defends his decision.
The Jordan High team convinced him that the structure is flawed.
Then the debaters went on to use the very structure to continue to defend their arguments.
Thus  their arguments were not consistent.
They attempt to qualify.
This loss effectively curtails this dream.
Moreover  one is suspended  further ending any hope to this chance.
Resolved involves commentaries from Supreme Court Justice Samuel Alito  Jane Pauley  and Juan Williams.
<EOS>
It is.
Lizzie Borden High School is host.
Their fun is murderously interrupted.
Who bears a grudge for a prank committed against him ten years ago.
The motley crew set out to uncover.
Who amongst them is committing the killings.
<EOS>
Joe Stephanos is a foreboding looking man.
Who arrives.
Jeff is dating local girl Ann Miller.
Whose parents are mistrustful  as is Jim  the local law officer and long time admirer of Ann.
Stephanos informs Jeff.
Whit Sterling wants to see him.
Jeff reluctantly agrees.
That night Jeff picks up Ann.
The two drive together.
Much is related as a flashback  with Jeff narrating to Ann the story of his dark past.
His real name is Jeff Markham.
He and partner Jack Fisher were private investigators.
Jeff had been hired to find his girlfriend  Kathie Moffat.
Whit claims.
She shot him and left.
He assures Jeff.
He wants her back and will not harm her.
Jeff figures.
He strikes up an acquaintance.
When he finds her there.
A love affair develops.
Jeff ultimately tells her his real purpose.
Kathie denies taking Whit s money  and pleads to run away with her.
Preparing to leave the next morning  Jeff is surprised by Whit and Stephanos.
Who are.
He asks Whit to take him.
Whit refuses.
Jeff then tells Whit.
Kathie slipped and is.
Whit leaves Jeff to track her down.
Instead  Jeff and Kathie go north.
Once there  they live as inconspicuously.
They relax and settle.
Time goes.
They are spotted by Jeff s old partner  Fisher.
Jeff and Kathie split up.
However   Fisher is already there.
When Jeff joins Kathie.
Fisher demands money to keep quiet.
A fistfight breaks out.
Kathie brings when she guns Fisher down.
She then drives away  leaving Jeff to cover up the crime.
He spots Kathie s bankbook  it shows a deposit.
Returning  Jeff and Ann arrive at Whit s estate.
Whit appears genuinely glad to see him.
Kathie is there too  having got back together with Whit.
Whit says.
He wants to hire Jeff to make things right between them.
He wants to recover income tax records.
Document a tax dodge.
Whit s lawyer Leonard Eels is using them to blackmail Whit.
Jeff tries to get out.
Whit will not take no.
Jeff suspects.
He is being set up.
He tries to warn Eels  but returns later to find him dead.
Kathie s affidavit   is.
Which she claims Jeff killed Fisher.
Jeff slips and takes the papers.
He then hides out.
Unbeknownst  Kathie has arranged for Stephanos to follow Jeff s deaf and dumb young assistant  the Kid to find Jeff and kill him.
However   the Kid hooks him  causing Stephanos to fall to his death.
When Stephanos prepares to shoot Jeff.
Back  Jeff convinces Whit to turn Kathie over to the police as Fisher s murderer.
Jeff has seemingly succeeded  and will be able to lead a new life with Ann.
Returning  he discovers.
Things have changed.
Whit is there.
He has been shot dead.
Jeff is stuck.
Kathie declares.
She is now.
She gives Jeff the choice.
Jeff agrees to go  but makes.
A secret phone call before they leave.
Kathie realizes.
When they come.
Jeff has betrayed her and shoots him.
The police begin firing.
The car careens off the road.
The police find a great deal of money and the lifeless bodies of Kathie and Jeff.
Afterward  Ann asks the Kid.
Jeff was going away.
The Kid nods his head.
Jim drives her home.
The Kid looks up at the gas station sign with Jeff s name on it  smiles and nods.
<EOS>
Jimmy Alto is a failing actor living.
Jimmy  along with his spaced-out best friend William  decides to take the law into his own hands.
Jimmy transforms himself  leader of a mock-vigilante group.
When he is nt working.
Videotapes criminals and then turns them over.
Jimmy enjoys the free publicity  anonymously.
Eventually the police begin to close  resulting in a tense standoff at the Grauman s Egyptian Theatre.
<EOS>
The story takes place.
The weather is bitterly cold.
No snow has fallen.
Hundreds of bewildered men stand around a circus trailer in the main square  waiting to see the main attraction -- the stuffed carcass of a whale.
The men composing this faceless  ragged crowd have come.
The strange state is disturbing the order of the small town.
Relationships are changing.
Some ambitious people feel.
They can take advantage.
Others who are more passive fall.
The unbearable tension is brought by the figure of the Prince  a disfigured  Slovak-speaking figure   his mere appearance is enough to unleash destructive emotions.
Who is hiding.
The ensuing apocalypse spares no one.
<EOS>
A reporter investigates a dockland smuggling operation  and   becomes romantically involved with the daughter of the man he is investigating.
<EOS>
Hannes  a truck driver  is a train timetable enthusiast.
Who dreams.
Hannes knocks his boss unconscious and leaves the country.
When his boss ruins his plans to travel.
His boss is found dead  making Hannes the prime suspect.
He is being pursued.
<EOS>
Told  it is the story of Katie Morosky and Hubbell Gardiner.
Who meet.
Their differences are immense  she is a stridently vocal Marxist Jew.
He is a carefree WASP.
She is drawn.
She finds captivating  although he does nt work very hard.
He is intrigued to persuade others to take up social causes.
They meet  romantically.
The Duke marries Mrs Simpson.
The two meet again.
Katie is working.
Hubbell  having served  is trying to return to civilian life.
They fall and marry despite the differences in their background and temperament.
Soon  however  Katie is incensed.
Hubbell s friends make and is unable to understand his acceptance and shallow dismissal of political engagement.
His serenity is disturbed by her lack of social graces and her polarizing postures.
Katie believes and encourages him to pursue writing instead.
When Hubbell seeks a job.
He s wasting his talent.
They move to California.
Where he becomes a successful albeit desultory screenwriter.
The couple enjoy an affluent lifestyle.
McCarthyism begins to encroach  Katie s political activism resurfaces  jeopardizing Hubbell s position and reputation.
Alienated  Hubbell has an affair with Carol Ann  his college girlfriend and the ex-wife of his best friend J.
J.
Even though Katie is pregnant.
Katie and Hubbell decide.
When she finally understands he is not the man she idealized when she fell with him and will always choose the easiest way out  whether it is cheating in his marriage or writing predictable stories for sitcoms.
Hubbell   is exhausted  unable to live on the pedestal Katie erected for him and face her disappointment in his decision to compromise his potential.
Katie and Hubbell meet by chance  several years after their divorce  in front of the Plaza Hotel in New York City.
Hubbell   is now writing.
Who is and apparently content.
Katie has remained faithful.
Who she is  flyers.
Katie  now re-married  invites Hubbell to come.
He confesses.
He ca nt.
Katie s response acknowledges  Hubbell was.
What they both finally understand.
When he was.
No one will ever believe or see as much promise in him.
She once did.
Their past is  all the two share now  besides their daughter   is a memory of the way.
Whom they name Rachel.
They were.
<EOS>
The plot is faithful.
The only notable additions are the addition  the early appearance of the Grinch s dog Max  and the insertion of three songs  the Christmas carol Welcome Christmas  the polka-styled Trim Up the Tree.
You re a Mean One  Mr Grinch.
Almost all narrations are made verbatim.
Also added are a description and the substitution of nonsensical Seuss-like gifts such as bizzle-binks instead of the mundane gifts such as bicycles and popcorn.
A sequence was added to stretch the length to a full.
Which the Grinch and Max advance.
The Grinch is the film s main character.
He lives.
Crumpit  located.
The Grinch is a surly character two sizes too small.
Who has especially hated Christmas.
The film opens.
He could stop Christmas Day.
The Grinch decides to disguise himself and steal Christmas.
When he sees his dog  Max  covered.
The Grinch makes himself a Santa coat and hat and disguises the innocent Max.
He loads empty bags and travels to Whoville with some difficulty.
He is almost caught by Cindy Lou  a small.
Who.
Who girl who wakes up and sees him taking the Christmas tree.
Pretending to be Santa  the Grinch tells Cindy Lou  and then sends her back.
He is merely taking the tree.
He empties the first house  then repeats the process at the other houses in Whoville.
He also takes the village decorations.
The Grinch and Max travel back up Mt.
Crumpit.
The Grinch waits to hear a sad cry from the Whos.
However  down  the Whos joyously begin to sing Christmas carols  proving.
The spirit does not depend on material things.
He is given the honor.
Max gets the first slice for all his troubles.
<EOS>
Ben Mockridge is a young man proud and enamored of cowboyin.
He asks Frank Culpepper.
He can join his cattle drive.
Culpepper reluctantly agrees and sends Ben.
Ben quickly discovers.
The adults have little interest  and no interest in showing him the ropes.
Culpepper nevertheless assigns Ben tasks repeatedly causing serious trouble.
The greenhorn handles poorly -- or simply fails.
Culpepper tracks them.
Rustlers stampede the herd.
Culpepper will have none.
When the rustlers  leader demands 50 cents a head.
He and his hands kill the rustlers  not hesitating to gun down disarmed men  or repeatedly shoot anyone still moving.
They lose four in the fight.
Culpepper directs Ben s ride off  to find Russ Caldwell.
Ben is accosted.
He can reach the cantina.
Who take his horse and gun.
He and three agree to join the drive.
Ben finds Caldwell.
There s no parlaying -- they immediately kill the trappers and take their possessions.
When they cross the trappers  path.
He s unprepared.
When Ben stands night watch.
Ben lets the man distract him with his talk  and is overcome by another thief.
Culpepper is outraged.
The horse theft tears it.
Culpepper decides to toss Ben  regardless of.
Where it s headed.
When Culpepper & Co.
Enter a town and send off the greenhorn  they stop.
Where they hope to buy horses.
Where Ben recognizes one.
Another shoot-out ensues  redeeming himself by killing the bartender as the latter reaches for his shotgun.
Culpepper s adversaries wind up dead  an unlikely survivor directing Culpepper to the horses.
The touchy Caldwell goes  and knocks Ben to the ground.
When Ben handles Caldwell s gun.
Caldwell demands a gun fight to reclaim his honor.
When one calls Caldwell an SOB for striking Ben.
The hand decides and leaves the drive.
It is nt.
You cost me a good man  boy.
Culpepper leaves the cattle  looking for the landowner to pay him.
When they reach an area.
The owner  Thornton Pierce  tells Culpepper  and demands $.
He should have asked first.
This time  Culpepper & Co.
Are outgunned  and forced to surrender their sidearms.
They view.
Moving out the cattle  Culpepper & Co.
Encounter a group.
Who invites them to stay and water their cattle.
He says.
God has led his party here.
They intend to settle.
Not surprisingly  Pierce and his thugs show up  claiming this land is mine.
Gives everyone -- Green and his people included -- an hour to get off.
Green is convinced.
Culpepper was sent to help.
Culpepper responds.
Green need only leave to be safe  which is what he intends to do  as it s less than two weeks.
Selling his cattle is all.
He cares about.
Ben decides to stay  feeling.
He can help.
Ride off  their consciences get the better.
They return to defend Green & party.
Everyone in the Culpepper and Pierce parties -- except Ben -- is killed.
Revealing his hypocrisy and ingratitude  Green tells Ben.
They are nt going to stay.
The ground has been stained.
God never intended us to stay -- he was only testin us.
An angry Ben forces them to bury the bodies  then discards his gun and rides off.
<EOS>
Manivannan and G M Kumar are brothers.
Who gets split.
The latter and his sons are keen to take revenge.
They often cross swords.
A good samaritan Mayandi prevents the inevitable.
Mayandi showers all his love and affection too care for him a lot.
Life takes.
A turn and their wives starts to treat Paraman.
Fearing a catastrophe  Paraman decides to go away.
Adding fuel to fire is his girl friend s unexpected wedding with someone else.
However he realises his father s dream.
Now enters the family to settle scores with Paraman and his brothers.
Did they succeed form the climax.
<EOS>
Manion allows a killer horse to roam free and ruin valuable horses.
His plan is to shakedown  the ranchers.
Roy tracks down the bad guys from a young lad.
<EOS>
Arizona Sky is a romantic story.
Who reconnect.
The teenegers stars.
The film opens.
Kyle and Jake are getting together.
The passions are evident in these two young men.
They eat some supper and then curl up.
This happy interlude is.
Jake is set to move to the big city.
18 years pass.
The film picks up a successful film producer with a stressed and loveless life.
Jake s assistant Brian urges him to take a break from all stresses for the first time in years  encouraging him and step back from his troubles.
It s time to take a vacation.
This is seconded.
Who agrees to accompany Jake in Arizona to help him find himself and unwind.
Jake finds Kyle s Aunt Elaine listed.
More. 
He finds.
Kyle is a breakfast cook as well as a ranch hand and mechanic with his cousin Heath.
The two now-grown men reconnect and discover.
The spark is still there.
All get to know each other better.
Kyle is.
<EOS>
Duffy is a cunning aristocrat.
Who is hired to hijack a boat carrying several million dollars of his father s fortune.
The plot succeeds  from Segolene  Stefane s girlfriend - but also with an unexpected  sudden turn of events.
<EOS>
Married couple Adem and Didem have been married.
Their relationship has started to wear out  turning Didem.
Adem starts showing his love less and less each day.
The only way is to return to her career.
She abandoned years ago.
Didem wants to see the same selflessness from Adem.
Whom she still loves.
However her plans change.
When the knight comes knocking on her door.
<EOS>
Mr Grimes and his wife operate a dismal baby farm.
Molly  an adolescent inmate and the oldest  attempts to provide the other tattered  starving kids with the loving maternal care.
They need.
Most are orphans.
One mother sends her child a doll.
Grimes crushes its head and tosses it.
The children are ordered to hide anytime.
Someone comes.
Ambrose  the Grimes  son  maliciously prevents Splutters  one  from hiding.
When a hog buyer shows up.
The buyer then purchases the boy.
Molly has promised the others.
God will rescue them.
She tells him.
When a boy asks why nothing has happened.
He is busy attending.
Ambrose catches Molly  so she and the others are given no supper.
She pleads to no avail.
Late that night   Christ enters the barn.
Where they sleep and takes the baby.
The child is dead.
When Molly wakes up.
Joe Bailey and his associate bring a kidnapped baby girl.
They receive a ransom.
They do not tell Grimes anything.
He reads in the newspaper and decides.
It is safer to chuck the baby.
Molly finds out and flees with the children.
Grimes finds this hilarious  he figures.
Either the mud or the alligators will take care.
However   he leads them.
When the kidnappers come back.
Meanwhile  Splutters is brought.
He tells the policemen and Mr Wayne.
Molly and the kids emerge unscathed aboard a boat  unaware.
It belongs.
Pursued  Grimes runs into the swamp  but falls into deep mud and perishes.
The two criminals flee.
Unable to shake the harbor patrol  they try to slip away  but are run over and drown.
The baby is reunited.
Mr Wayne offers Molly a comfortable home.
When she refuses to drink her milk.
She accepts.
He take as well.
<EOS>
Young Runa entered a convent.
Her dream is shattered.
When she is raped and introduced to a life of torture and abuse.
Leaving the convent she returns by snaring them in a bogus financial scheme to promote Christianity in Japan and then departing with their money and a lesbian lover from the convent.
<EOS>
The film consists.
Which workers leave the Lumiere factory.
The workers are mostly female.
Who exit the large building 25 rue St.
Victor  Montplaisir  as if they had just finished a day s work.
Three separate versions exist.
There are a number  for example.
The clothing style changes demonstrating the different seasons in which they were filmed.
They are often referred to  in reference to a horse-drawn carriage.
Appears. 
<EOS>
The film begins.
Where Cpt.
Proctor and Commandant Mauser meet up.
It seems.
One is getting the axe due to the state government s unwillingness to finance two academies.
Mauser wants Copeland and Blankes to make sure Lassard screws up.
The men agree  knowing.
This may be their only chance.
Which he will appoint a committee to evaluate which should remain open.
To win.
Jones and Lt.
Callahan  he calls back Sgt.
Mahoney  Sgt.
Hightower  and Sgt.
Tackleberry to help train the new recruits.
Are Sgt.
Fackler s wife  Sweetchuck  Zed  Karen Adams  and Tackleberry s brother-in-law Bud Kirkland.
Tomoko Nogata is a recruit  but decides to put him in with Lassard s academy instead.
Nogata is lovestruck over Callahan.
Sweetchuck contemplates quitting.
His roommate Zed drives him crazy.
Copeland and Blankes make.
The recruits do stuff that would make the committee think they were hopeless.
Mauser wants them out  knowing.
The committee will be there.
The recruits fail  and are teased.
However  Mahoney gets back by taping.
Mauser s eyes closed while doing a taste test.
Proctor succeeds.
The tape pulls off Mauser s eyebrows.
Both Lassard and Mahoney give a pep talk.
Training resumes.
Mahoney meets up with his hooker friend from the first film and has her do a favor on Proctor after the latter insults Mahoney and Adams.
The hooker tricks Proctor.
He goes out and steals a car and drives.
The car is out  however.
Proctor enters a building.
Turns out to be the Blue Oyster Bar.
Meanwhile  Mauser insults Lassard by telling him.
He is winning.
Mahoney gets him back.
It electrocutes him.
When Mauser grabs it.
One person from each school attends the governor s ball.
Copeland and Blankes play.
Cars are sent  but are caught by Hooks  who punches them out cold.
A gang of thieves dressed.
Busboys kidnap Hedges and take the governor hostage.
The final choice is proven.
When two assigned to attend the party promptly faint upon being threatened by the thieves.
Mauser and Proctor prove to be too overconfident and ineffective to react.
Lassard s squad arrives to save the day and rescue the governor.
Lassard s school stays open.
The epilogue shows Lassard making a speech.
The academy is grateful.
The graduating class salutes.
The film ends.
<EOS>
A boastful and proud yet abusive fisherman leaves his wife Sympathy to go on a fishing expedition with other villagers from their village of Urkey and is lost at sea.
Two men survive  one villager and a mysterious Chinese stranger named Yen Sin.
Being Chinese and refusing to take part  he is made an outcast and forced to live on a small boat in the harbor.
Those lost.
He makes his living doing laundry  and is soon greeted by the new minister  John Malden.
Who tries unsuccessfully to convert him.
Love blossoms.
They are soon married.
Sympathy soon befriends Yen Sin.
She observes several kids taunting him.
Snow concocts a blackmail scheme.
Malden receives the letter  and leaves the now pregnant Sympathy with this serious development on his mind.
Yen Sin tells Malden to be sure and get his laundry done.
Who turns out to be a very good informant.
Their baby is born.
He is away.
He now decides to pay the blackmail money.
Order to preserve his new family.
Malden   is so distraught.
He resigns  and asks Snow if he can borrow money from him to pay off Gibbs.
Snow does not get to enjoy the benefits.
Yen Sin exposes the blackmail plot in order to save the young couple  revealing everything while.
<EOS>
Undercover cop Nick Dunbar s brother Matt is accused.
Nick loses his temper  and gets suspended.
Nick s partner Ed pretends to be Nick s dad to enroll him.
Matt gives Nick pointers to get people to talk.
Nick deals on him  teachers & staff.
Who range.
Whom he is attracted who thinks he s a teen.
The turning point happens in the classroom metaphor scene.
Which e.
E. 
Cummings  poem She Being Brand New  is used.
The character Renard   makes his only appearance.
Who had a large part but was mostly edited out of the film.
Nick and Ed narrow the probable motives down to jealousy.
Bradwood was trading grades with Dawn-Marie Zeffer  the girlfriend of Kyle Kerns or.
Nick s identity is discovered.
It all comes.
Bradwood also found the love letters.
Which Butler claims to have killed Melway s husband.
Butler appears and implicates himself.
A chase ensues  ending.
Cements Butler s guilt.
Nick is saved twice at the perfect time.
Nick makes a date.
Who now knows he is an adult.
The real-estate scammers are arrested.
Hector looks very foolish.
Matt is released and ca nt wait to get back to school.
An interesting character is called Deaf Jeff.
He is a high student played.
Parker  Jr.
And is a specialist.
<EOS>
A young Frenchman arrives in Britain and becomes mixed up in intrigue and ends up as a highwaymen.
<EOS>
The movie revolves.
Played. 
Ramu born works in a guesthouse.
Where foreigner who came stayed.
He is fond.
Ramu wants to study to support his family.
The situation is not in favor.
Ramu has one ambition.
Is to purchase Sri Ramayana Darshanam written.
He starts saving money.
But the situations bring him to make a decision.
Whether to buy a book or buy a blanket to protect his family members.
Is a tale.
What follows.
<EOS>
Father Henry entrusts a newly-born infant  leaving her to explain the presence of the child.
She is literally thrown out and runs away to Bombay.
There she is taken care.
Years later  the child grows up to be called Ram.
The question haunting everyone s mind is.
Who is Ram s biological father.
<EOS>
A lone cop is the only hope.
<EOS>
Priyappetta Nattukare is a political thriller film.
Kalabhavan Mani is a communist party activist.
Bala is the activist.
The political fights forms the story.
<EOS>
Harry Mitchell is a successful industrialist living.
Whose wife Barbara is running while he is having an affair.
Harry is confronted.
He ca nt go to the police.
Harry s lawyer advises him  so he refuses to pay.
Paying the blackmailers wo nt likely make them go away.
The criminals have on him under wraps.
Harry opens his financial records with a background in accounting  Alan Raimy.
Seeing  Raimy agrees to accept Harry s counter offer  at least as a first payment.
Their mark owes money and can not afford the $.
Harry then turns the blackmailers  putting his wife s life in grave danger in the process.
<EOS>
Taking place  the Taros and Kohana go out of the DenLiner for a day to visit Ryotaro and Airi after their parting in the aftermath of their battle with Kai.
However  they see.
The mysterious Ghost Train that has been mentioned as Momotaros and gang are then attacked by two evil Imagin and Kamen Rider Yuuki Skull Form.
It is revealed to the Taros.
Yuuki is none other than Ryotaro possessed.
Even  things seem bleak.
A blue DenLiner appears.
The gang is brought onto the New DenLiner.
There  Owner formally introduces the new Rider  Ryotaro s grandson from the future  and his Imagin Teddy.
Reveals Shiro.
He summoned Kotaro to a threat posed by the Ghost Train and its owner.
Who seeks to use the Ghost Train to reverse the worlds.
He goes.
Kotaro explains that he intends to pick up the slack for his grandfather  whom he has no respect for.
New Den-O to fight Yuuki.
Yuuki is about to kill Kotaro.
When Ryotaro attempts to regain control as the Taros arrive.
The New DenLiner crew get a Rider Ticket and a partial message to Momotaros about protecting an elephant.
Shiro and Yuuki escape.
Leads them.
There  the New DenLiner gang learn.
They have reinforcements  who join up with the gang in Yuto s stead as he is still injured from the fight with Yuuki.
Who resemble Airi  Ozaki  and Miura  and unable to find any elephant in the middle of the town taken from a future point in time.
Whether or not Momotaros heard things right.
Kotaro takes his leave.
Momotaros follows him.
Kotaro has yet to see his grandfather.
Later that night  Teddy discovers Shiro s plan to kill everyone  but is found out and attacked.
He struggles back.
His friends will know and says how the elephant is not really an elephant.
Yuto is still injured  Momotaros decides to get Ryotaro back.
If it is the last thing he does.
The next day  the other Taros and Deneb battle the mercenaries.
Momotaros fights his way  attempting to call out of Ryotaro to fight his possessor before getting a mortal wound from Yuuki to his friends  horror.
But  Ryotaro regains control.
Momotaros enters his body and drives the Ghost Imagin out.
Assuming Climax Form  Den-O easily takes out the Ghost Imagin and assumes Yuuki Hijack Form.
Shiro takes the Yuuki Belt.
He uses his necromancy to summon every Imagin the Riders have ever faced back.
A fully healed Yuto and Kohana arrive  with Kohana giving the Taros and Sieg Den-O Belts with Rider Passes.
Climax Form is defeated.
The Imagin each assume their Den-O form.
Ryotaro becomes Liner Form and Yuto becomes Zero Form.
Liner Form  Sword Form  and later New Den-O pursue Yuuki.
The others battle the Imagin.
Together  the three Den-O s mortally wound Yuuki.
Who reverts back.
Sora arrives  revealing and did not wish to be alive again  only to be with Shiro for eternity.
She had been dead.
Accepting his fate  Shiro and Sora board the Ghost Train to be together forever.
Naomi questions being out.
When the New DenLiner arrives to pick up the gang.
The Owner reveals that the locals will only recognize it.
Ryotaro also reveals.
He was aware as it was the point in time where his ancestor Oyuki finds her true love.
It is this point.
Shiro planned to negate  preventing Ryotaro.
Kotaro gains a new respect.
His mission complete.
He and Teddy are brought back  where they meet up with the elderly Ryotaro of their future.
<EOS>
Lee Holloway  the socially awkward and emotionally sensitive youngest daughter  adjusts to normal life after having been hospitalized following an incident of dangerous.
She learns  starts to date an acquaintance from high school named Peter  and begins to work as a secretary for an eccentric attorney  E.
Edward Grey  stilted social skills and unprofessional appearance.
Who hires her.
It soon becomes apparent.
Appears highly irritated by Lee s typos and other innocuous mistakes.
He is sexually aroused.
The two embark.
He confronts her that she never hurt herself again.
Lee experiences a sexual and personal awakening.
She falls deeply.
Edward  however  displays insecurity concerning his feelings.
He shows shame and disgust.
He fires Lee.
Lee has also been attempting to have a normal boyfriend in Peter  even engaging in lukewarm sex with him.
Peter proposes.
Lee is fired.
Who reluctantly agrees to marry him.
However  she leaves and runs.
Trying. 
Where she declares her love.
Edward  still uncertain  tests Lee by commanding her to sit in his chair without moving her hands or feet.
He returns.
Lee eagerly complies.
Days pass  individually visit Lee to alternately attempt to dissuade or encourage her.
Edward returns to the office and takes Lee to his apartment.
Where he bathes and nurtures her.
The pair marry and happily continue their dominant-submissive relationship.
<EOS>
The zeppelin Hindenburg III arrives in New York City  mooring at the Empire State Building.
A frightened scientist named.
Dr Jorge Vargas makes arrangements  then vanishes.
Polly Perkins  a newspaper reporter  looks into the disappearances of Vargas and five other renowned scientists.
She receives a cryptic message telling her to go.
Ignoring the warning not to go  she meets Dr Jennings during a showing of The Wizard of Oz.
He tells her.
Dr Totenkopf is coming.
Suddenly  air raid sirens go off.
Giant indestructible robots attack the city.
The police call for Sky Captain Joe Sullivan.
Who commands a private air force.
Polly photographs the action.
Sullivan knocks out one robot and the rest leave.
News reports show similar attacks.
The robot s wreckage is taken back.
That its expert  Dex Dearborn  can examine it.
Polly follows  hoping to get information.
She and Joe are.
Who broke up where Joe was serving with the Flying Tigers.
Joe agrees to let her.
It appears Polly has useful information.
Her lead takes them  with the scientist himself near death.
The killer  a mysterious woman  escapes.
Jennings gives Polly two vials.
He says are crucial.
Polly withholds this information.
They return.
Comes from squadrons of ornithopter drones.
Dex manages to track the origin.
He s captured.
However  he leaves.
Joe and Polly find it and head.
Venturing  they discover an abandoned mining outpost.
Two guides turn out to be working  forcing Polly to turn over the vials and then locking her and Joe in a room full of explosives.
They light.
Joe and Polly are knocked unconscious.
They wake up together.
The monks there tell  forcing them to work in the uranium mines.
Most were killed.
The final survivor provides a clue.
Where Totenkopf is hiding.
This leads them.
Who commands a Royal Navy flying aircraft carrier.
Franky leads the attack.
Joe and Polly enter.
Polly notices.
The identification number reads Polly when viewed.
Joe and Polly find themselves.
They head and find a secret underground facility.
Where robots are loading animals  as well as the mysterious vials.
Joe and Polly are detected and nearly killed.
Dex  piloting a barge  arrives with three of the missing scientists.
Dex explains  the World.
Totenkopf has given up and seeks to start the world over again.
The vials are genetic material.
One scientist is incinerated by the defense system.
A holograph appears and speaks.
Dex disables.
The defenses and the group discovers Totenkopf s mummified corpse.
He had died 20 years before.
His machines have carried.
Forgive me.
His hand is a scrap.
The only way to sabotage the rocket is.
Polly tries to tag along.
Joe kisses her and knocks her out.
He prepares to sacrifice himself.
The others escape.
Polly recovers and follows Joe  arriving to save him from the mysterious woman.
Who turns out to be a robot.
The two board the rocket.
Polly pushes an emergency button.
It reaches 100 km  when its second stage fires and incinerates the earth.
Ejects all the animals.
Joe tries to disable the rocket only to be interrupted.
He jolts her and then uses it on the controls  disabling the rocket.
They use the last pod to save themselves.
The rocket safely explodes.
Joe and Polly watch the animal pods splash down.
Polly then uses the last shot.
He tells her.
The lens cap was still.
Polly s look turns to shock.
She realizes she has no proof any happened.
<EOS>
A boy is being chased by four samurai on horseback.
A mysterious woman emerges and watches closely.
They go.
However  the samurai eventually capture and take the boy  revealed to be prince Kenshin.
April ONeil has been shopping at the flea market in preparation for her upcoming vacation.
She brings her friends gifts to cheer them up.
Michelangelo is given a lampshade  Donatello is given an old radio  Leonardo is given a book.
Raphael is to receive a fedora  but having stormed off earlier  he is never formally given it.
She brings an ancient Japanese scepter.
Back  Kenshin is being scolded at by his father  Lord Norinaga.
He leaves his father s presence and throws priests out.
There  he finds the same scepter and reads the inscription  Open Wide the Gates.
April is looking at the scepter.
It begins to light up.
A small bit inside begins to spin.
She is then sent back forward in time.
Walker  an English trader  is introduced.
He storms off.
April is kidnapped and put in prison.
Lord Norinaga wants her to suffer.
Back  the turtles are freaking out of this and are dubbed kappa.
Is a water demon.
They make friends and decide to go back in time to get April.
But  otherwise the scepter s power will disappear due to the space-time continuum being out of sync.
They bring Casey back to watch over the lair.
That is well enough.
Four Honor Guards are replaced.
Back  the turtles arrive on horses.
Michelangelo ca nt ride properly and gets kidnapped.
The scepter was also taken.
The others go to search.
They are quickly mistaken.
When they get.
They find themselves.
Involving another captured person  they are all left alone without a clue.
Where to go.
Meanwhile   Kenshin is getting impatient.
Casey introduces him  and the Honor Guards.
An attack  again mistaken for the Honor Guards  leads them to Mitsu  leader of the rebellion against Lord Norinaga.
They find.
They go to save it.
Two men let Michelangelo  thinking him an Honor Guard.
He shows them his face.
They run away.
Michelangelo insists.
He is a beautiful princess.
He is distracted.
Michaelangelo saves a boy named Yoshi  then Leo helps by performing CPR.
Anguished  the turtles decide to make a new one.
Walker continues bargaining.
Michelangelo wastes no time teaching some.
He bites the pan and decides.
When he bites down.
It is a frizbee.
Raph gets with his sensitive side as well  through the child Yoshi.
Back  the Honor Guards from the past are challenged to a hockey game by Casey.
He finds.
They think hockey is beating up each other.
The new scepter is completed.
To be dropped.
Mitsu informs them.
Lord Norinaga has guns and will attack the next day.
Raphael receives the original scpeter from him as a gift.
They are overjoyed to see it  but angry.
They felt she hid it to force them to fight.
Mitsu is then kidnapped.
They saved when they saved April.
They go to save her.
Leonardo defeats Lord Norinaga  comedically finishing him by cutting his hair.
Walker now has the scepter  and uses it.
He tries to escape.
The turtles catch the scepter.
The very man finished Walker.
Who betrayed them.
The turtles then debate whether or.
To go home.
The scepter activates  making their decision harder.
They all decide to go.
Michelangelo misses the ride home.
The Honor Guard runs off with the scepter.
Who replaced Michelangelo.
A flash occurs.
Michelangelo comes back.
He is depressed.
Splinter puts the lampshade as a joke.
Then the turtles end it off.
<EOS>
Henry Shand goes to search for gold and find his fortune.
His spoiled son Reggie gets mad.
There. 
He has to work.
What further angers.
Him is the fact that he has to share the dogsled.
Reggie decides to take matters and pushes Bobo off the sled  leaving him to die in the wintery Klondike wilderness.
Some twenty years later  Henry has died  giving Reggie a large inheritance.
Reggie foolishly spends it  causing his new wife  Rhonda  to become an angry alcoholic.
They have gone broke and had to move back.
Margaret has gone insane  and has now spent much of the family s fortune on buying homes for stray cats.
Meanwhile  a biologist named.
Penny arrives  claiming to have found Bobo.
They discover.
Bobo has been raised  causing him to sniff everyone s butts  run on all fours  growl and bark  and run through wet cement while chasing firetrucks or dogs.
Reggie decides to manipulate Bobo to pay off gambling debts.
Reggie tells Penny.
She can use Bobo.
First must teach him to walk  talk  read  and   write.
Penny shaves Bobo and gives him a haircut  but getting him to act proves to be a difficult task.
Bobo continues to unknowingly cause problems.
Things get even worse.
When Bobo goes out  wreaking havoc in a shopping mall.
Penny begins to fall.
Bobo behaves more.
Reggie wants her to speed up the teaching.
He owes money want their cash quickly.
Penny stands up for Bobo  having discovered Reggie s scheme.
Bobo refuses to sign.
Reggie frantically attempts to demonstrate.
Bobo was acting  making him look ridiculous.
Bobo and Penny go outside and kiss.
Bobo stops to chase a firetruck.
<EOS>
A mysterious English nobleman known only as The Scarlet Pimpernel snatches French aristocrats from the jaws of the guillotine while posing as the wealthy but foppish and seemingly empty-headed Sir Percival Blakeney.
Percy becomes introduced to the beautiful French actress Marguerite St.
Armand  rescued from an attack.
Whom he.
Marguerite however is.
Chauvelin is assigned to discover his identity and capture him.
Percy and his associates smuggle another aristocrat out.
Meanwhile  Chauvelin deduces  and tries to coerce the Count de Tournay to spy.
The Scarlet Pimpernel must be an English nobleman.
Later  Marguerite and Chauvelin have an argument.
He angrily departs.
Percy reveals his identity and convinces him to use his connections to Chauvelin to investigate the French prison holding the Dauphin  son of the former King of France.
The Scarlet Pimpernel and his associates rescue de Tournay s family.
Percy marries Marguerite  but soon discovers.
She seemingly signed the death warrant.
Cyr and his family  the man responsible.
Believing  Percy becomes distrustful.
She was seeking revenge and is still with Chauvelin.
Unaware  Marguerite unhappily notices his rising disdain.
He thinks she signed the death warrant.
Armand advises Percy to tell Marguerite  Percy refuses  but still notes.
That she may defend herself.
He will love her.
Chauvelin discovers  and summons him back.
Armand is.
Blackmailing Marguerite  Chauvelin coerces her into discovering the vigilante s identity.
The Scarlet Pimpernel is to rendezvous.
However  she immediately warns the Scarlet Pimpernel and adds.
Chauvelin betrayed her trust and faked her signature.
Having been thwarted  Chauvelin angrily leaves for Paris.
Percy and his associates also depart to save Armand and the Dauphin.
Marguerite notices.
Percy s family crest bears a scarlet pimpernel  and quickly deduces his identity.
Percy and his associates use the removal.
Armand arranges the firing.
The boy is taken.
Percy is captured.
Marguerite visits her husband.
Where he tells her to arrange to smuggle the boy out of France the following night.
Percy agrees to personally bring Chauvelin to the Dauphin.
Chauvelin and Percy arrive.
The Dauphin has already been removed.
An upset Chauvelin orders Percy s execution.
The league allows for his rescue.
Percy returns with Chauvelin  and is victorious.
Percy decides to leave Chauvelin s fate.
Impersonating Chauvelin to ensure their escape  Armand departs.
Chauvelin had stationed there.
Percy and Marguerite sail away  happily.
<EOS>
There is a scene with a dog pound.
A dog is presumably killed by other dogs through the camera s point of view.
There is a statue dedicated to Rudolph Valentino.
Rossano Brazzi has his shirt torn off by his fans.
There is manhunting.
Back  bikini-clad girls woo sailors.
Back  pigs are slaughtered for a long-waited feast.
Pet owners mourn their beloved at a pet cemetery.
Meanwhile   dogs are butchered and skinned alive for their meat.
Chicks are painted for Easter.
Geese are force-fed for foie gras.
Australia there are the Life Savers Girls.
Nuclear contamination takes its toll.
Fishermen get even with sharks by shoving sea urchins down their throats.
Men in red robes guard the bones of their ancestors.
Germans drink excessively and act incredibly stupid.
Tokyo has a massage parlor.
Who were drunk.
The dead are covered in make-up for the funeral.
There is a hotel for the dying.
Cars are smashed and reduced to cubes.
Yves Klein makes his paintings with the help of some female models and some musicians to express his favorite color  blue.
Tourists are showered with leis and witness the Hula Dance.
Gurkha soldiers are humiliated by dressing up in women s clothing.
Bulls are beheaded.
There is the running of the bulls and bull fights.
Where matadors challenge the bulls.
There are indigenous tribes.
Who go.
The film concludes at Port Moresby  New Guinea.
<EOS>
Vincent crosses a taxi coming from his house.
Returning. 
It is too late  his wife was brutally murdered.
When he arrives.
Three years later  Vincent moves.
His neighbor  Alice  is frantically  but having been always distressed and obsessed to discover the assassin of his woman  he himself does not recognize any feeling at least.
To make Vincent be free to open his heart  Alice is willing to find the man responsible for his wife s death.
Her elaborated plan is slowly set in spite of the ignorance of both men.
When Alice hails a cab driven.
<EOS>
Major Parashuram is an ex-army man  running a private security agency.
He is a happy-go-lucky kind person  married happily  and leads a happy life with his son.
He deals.
Where a heroine is abducted.
The film producer seeks Parashuram s help.
He befriends Appu.
Who is a.
Parashuram comes.
Who is supported.
MD is powerful enough to placate governments.
MD runs short to fund the election campaign and gets his mafia network to double the monthly.
It is then  Parashuram gives a good beating.
MD is impressed.
Someone is able to give him a fight.
He invites Parashuram and expresses his wish.
Parashuram work.
Parashuram outright rejects it and walks away.
MD threatens to punish him and hatches a plan to destroy Parashuram.
MD has Parashuram s son kidnapped.
Parashuram guesses.
All efforts to trace the child are done.
It must be MD who has abducted his son.
He calls up MD and shouts to get him his son back.
Just then a box arrives.
Contains his son s right hand.
MD asks Usha to collect her son s body.
When Parashuram speaks back.
MD succeeds.
When the child is rushed.
Parashuram is suffering.
When the attending nurse says he has a.
MD cajoles him and says.
Parashuram would lose his mental balance and says he has lost his wife too.
Parashuram finds.
His wife is being dragged away.
MD s henchmen throw her.
Usha dies immediately  leaving Parashuram alone.
Parashuram   rips MD s team apart and succeeds in killing MD.
<EOS>
A domestically raised chipmunk  Glikko  befriends a carrier pigeon named Pippo.
Who tells Glikko.
Enthralled  Glikko leaves his home in the city and sister in search of the Vast North Forest.
He meets up with another chipmunk named Nono.
Whom Glikko reluctantly allows to accompany him.
They are faced with dangers such as predators and the Winter climate.
<EOS>
Theresa OBrian is a 12-year-old orphan.
Who desperately wants to attend a school and become a star.
She is not receiving encouragement and is getting into trouble with the orphanage officials due to her infractions of the rules and regulations.
She meets and befriends Sammy Cohen.
Who was a Vaudeville performer who became an alcoholic and lost his career.
He is interested and has faith in Theresa s ability.
Together they develop.
An act called Buddy and Babe in order to raise money.
<EOS>
A civil war breaks out in the United States.
The president declares martial law.
A massive prison camp known as the Red Zone is built in a desolate city.
Soon holds.
The United States is declared safe.
A dangerous criminal known has been extracting sarin.
He plans to spill.
One  FX secretly films the Reaper with a Wi-Fi digital camera  Reagan Black finds out about them.
He discusses these plans  and the state s governor.
Black develops a plan to hold a death race  assembling four teams of racers  The Severed Head Gang  consisting of Danny Satanico and Fred The Hammer  two members of the largest gang in the United States  known for decapitating their enemies.
The team is given a customized 1995 town car.
Homeland Security  consisting  formerly honored  but now disgraced members of the United States Army.
The team is given a vintage 1943 Willys MB.
Vaginamyte  consisting.
Who seduced and murdered.
The team is given a yellow Lotus.
Insane Clown Posse   acts.
Whose violent form was attributed as indirectly influencing multiple murders.
Resulted being convicted for these murders and being dubbed as the Charles Manson of their time.
It continues to retain a strong fanbase.
The group s music has been banned.
Violent J and Shaggy 2 Dope are given an ice cream truck customized these two Detroit locals could find.
The race is televised  hosted Harvey Winkler and Jennifer Ramirez.
Live. 
Black offers the teams gathering points  promising freedom to the team.
Brings back the Reaper -- dead or alive.
Black reveals.
When Danny Satanico suggests that the four teams escape.
Each team member has a chip implanted which would kill any member that breaks the rules  using Satanico to demonstrate.
A fight ensues.
When Insane Clown Posse s truck gets a flat tire.
Violent J witnesses an explosion.
The teams investigate  finding the burning Homeland Security jeep.
Violent J and Shaggy 2 Dope find FX filming the race.
He tells them.
There will be an ambush.
They let.
Him ride.
Each work together to surprise and kill the ambushers.
Metal Machine Man   kills FX and attacks the racers before being hit by missiles fired by a pair of mysterious men.
The teams fix their cars.
Violent J and Shaggy 2 Dope arrive  and successfully infiltrate the fortress  preventing the Reaper and his henchmen from releasing the sarin into the water.
The mysterious men arrive  firing a rocket  and reveal themselves to be Colonel Bob and Captain Rudy   and faked their deaths to convince the other teams.
Who were hired.
They had a chance.
Believing  Bob and Rudy retrieve his severed hand and leave.
The Reaper died.
Violent J and Shaggy 2 Dope emerge.
Shaggy 2 Dope goes alone.
Violent J is injured.
The Reaper appears and attempts to release the sarin.
Violent J attempts to stop him.
The Homeland Security team members arrive  presenting the Reapers hand to Governor Black.
Shaggy 2 Dope rises  shooting at Bob  Rudy and the governor.
Black presses the button to activate the explosives.
The sarin explodes  causing a chain reaction.
Destroys the country.
<EOS>
Sameer & Anand are childhood friends.
Right  they studied together.
Both were ahead.
They were also the champions.
When it came.
They used to bet amongst themselves as to.
Who will bed the best girl.
It never lead.
The meaning of love was sex.
Sam & Andy both tried to flirt.
The girls were smart.
They told the guys.
Both are virgins & will offer their virginity as a gift.
Sam & Andy had to marry the girls.
Post.
The girls revealed that they knew.
& now Sam & Andy should lead their lives.
The wives have become a problem.
The wives plan their whole Bangkok trip.
The credit/debit cards are kept.
Husbands are given only the pocket money.
They finally reach Bangkok and feel some freedom.
They come to know.
The management is handled.
No matter  hotel will not allow anything illegal or immoral.
What else happens.
Sam & Andy felt and feel helpless.
This is no better around.
There they meet a beautiful sexy girl named Kavita.
Who calls herself Poem.
Both get attracted to her & bet again as to.
Who will get her first.
Both somehow succeed in befriending Poem but tell lies about Poem to each other.
But somehow their wives also land up.
What transpires next makes the film a sequence.
What will Sam & Andy do now.
<EOS>
A convicted car thief and diehard Chicago Cubs fan  Jimmy Dworski wins tickets.
Unfortunately  he still has a couple.
The warden wo nt let him leave and come back.
Jimmy stages a riot.
He can sneak out to see the game.
He finds the filofax of uptight and spineless yuppie advertising executive Spencer Barnes.
Promises a reward if it is found.
Jimmy takes on Barnes  identity -- staying in the Malibu beach house of Spencer s boss  flirting with the boss s daughter  even taking a meeting with a powerful Japanese food company magnate named Sakamoto.
The fake Spencer s unorthodox methods   gets the attention of the taken aback Sakamoto.
However his unconventional negotiations insults some of the executives  seemingly ruining Spencer s reputation.
Meanwhile  lacking his precious filofax  the real Spencer Barnes is spiraling.
Losing all his clothes  his car and money  He has to rely.
Who keeps trying to rekindle a relationship.
Finally Jimmy and Spencer come together.
Where Spencer is sacked.
Jimmy takes Spencer to the World Series.
Spencer patches up his marriage.
Who had become exasperated.
Jimmy sneaks back  serves his last couple of hours and is released.
To find Spencer waiting to pick him up.
Jimmy s future looks bright.
Does that.
<EOS>
Michael Williams is a drifter living out after being discharged from the Marine Corps.
A job falls through due to his unwillingness to conceal a war injury on his job application  so Michael wanders into rural Red Rock  Wyoming  looking for other work.
A local bar owner named Wayne mistakes him  Lyle from Dallas.
Whom Wayne has hired to kill his wife.
Wayne offers him a stack.
Michael does nt correct him  taking the money.
Michael then visits Wayne s wife  Suzanne  and attempts to warn her.
Her life is.
She makes a tempting counteroffer.
Michael  knowing  tries to leave.
The longer he stays it is.
The twists and turns.
When Lyle finally does.
Michael knocks out Lyle  but complicates matters.
When he becomes romantically involved.
The next morning   he kidnaps both Suzanne and Michael  gets Wayne out  and finally ends up at the wrong end of a fight in a graveyard.
When Lyle comes to get money.
<EOS>
The narrator opens the cartoon.
There is a race of Martians.
Who are advanced and have happiness all  except for one Martian whose fed up with his homeworld s perfect society.
Levitating  passing through solid objects  and projecting images from his blue antenna do nothing but bore him.
He just turns her away  causing her to melt.
When an attractive female Martian offers to pitch some love.
The Martian then goes to see a psychiatrist.
Who recommends that he travel.
The Martian then leaves.
Is launched and sent deep into space.
He enters the Earth s solar system and stops at Earth.
The Martian discovers.
Observing the typical Earth activities.
He likes this planet and decides to land there.
A crowd of people gather round the Martian and run away screaming Monster.
The Martian leaves.
He gets questioned and put in a jail cell.
He sounds the escape whistle.
The next morning  a tall man and a short man are reading the newspapers.
The tall man makes a comment based on the newspaper s description.
Which the short man scolds If you ca nt say anything nice  you should nt say anything at all.
The tall man gave.
The tall man walks away  the Martian hugs the short man  causing the short man to turn white and call the Martian exactly the same description.
Still confused  the Martian vows to seek out and destroy him.
He spots a steam shovel.
The Martian passes a construction site.
Assuming  he whips out an ACME Atom Rearranger and shoots the steam shovel  turning it.
This is the monster everybody s talking about.
Licks the construction worker and waddles off.
Satisfied  the Martian walks off confidently  eager to do more good deeds.
The monster has been destroyed.
The boy says Hello  Monster directly.
The Martian passes a red haired boy reading a comic book.
Confused.
What the boy said.
He called him monster  to which the boy points out something he d found.
Informs the reader that a space monster has no nose  which the Martian does nt have.
The Martian gets the idea to remove his antenna and put it.
The boy just says Goodbye  Monster.
Now realizing  the Martian runs.
He is the monster.
Voices all call him monster and berate him to go home.
The narrator recommends.
As the Martian ducks.
The Martian could just commit suicide since nobody loves him.
The Martian takes out his ray gun and is about to blow his brains.
When the narrator reminds him that somebody does love him.
Taking this advice  the Martian puts his antenna back in place on his head and remembers the single sexy female Martians.
Now wanting to seek happiness back off back home.
Is seen.
<EOS>
Slavoj zizek lucidly and compellingly reflects on belief.
Takes him that belief takes  drawing on Lacanian categories of thought.
He mobilizes the paradox of universal truth urging us to dare to enact the impossible.
It is a characteristic virtuoso performance  moving promiscuously but keeping the larger argument in view.
Slavoj Zizek  The Reality - A film by Ben Wright.
<EOS>
Kwagga Robertse owns a farm shop and usually cons foreign tourists by pretending to kill a lion  thus earning him the nickname ` Urumbo  from the country s natives.
Kwagga is upset.
When the UN sends a platoon  to monitor the peace process  and ensure free and fair elections after the Nambabwean War for Independence.
The U.
N.
T.
A.
G s American leader  Major Bradick D.
Mackay and his second-in-command  Captain Zapman are offered a diamond worth a lot in the U.
S.
And they must pay 200000 USD.
Mackay decides to steal the natives  cattle and sell it to rogue guerrilla fighters.
Kwagga s new friend  Inga Olefse  a.
N.
T.
A.
G.
Is kidnapped rescues her and threatens his brother to not buy their father s farm.
Who is unaware.
He will turn him.
Kwagga   then decides by ruining his platoon on the day.
Who has fallen with Inga.
It is to be inspected.
N.
Commander of operations in Nambabwe.
He does this.
Animals chase him.
He also disguises himself  ordering an automobile-challenged Bangladeshi Sergeant  Rashid to park and hide a tank.
He claims it is threatening.
N.
S peace efforts.
He then again disguises himself  and sells fake rhino horn.
Mackay s chances comes.
When he ignores an agreement made.
The U.
N.
T.
A.
G.
Platoon is disbanded.
Meanwhile  Mackay and Zapman wonder the Nambabwe desert  only to find.
It is a forgery.
Kwagga accidentally lets off a cannon.
They argue.
He keeps to chase away baboons  which in turn blast Mackay and Zapman.
<EOS>
A father is overprotective.
She leaves home to go and study abroad in Paris.
James Stewart repeatedly mistake him for that  uh  actor James Stewart.
He laments.
This has been happening ever since Mr Smith Goes came out.
Sandra Dee as Mr Pope-Jones John McGiver as Hector G.
Ivor Bob Denver Philippe Forquet as Henri Bonnet Monica Moran as Linda Lehman Cynthia Pepper as Adele Jenny Maxwell as Sarah Charla Doherty as Liz Michaelson Maurice Marsac as M.
Bonnet Marcel Hillaire as Stanley.
<EOS>
Life is poignantly depicted.
Betraying a friend or an acquaintance can ruin ones.
The movie is based about gunning down a naxalite in a fake encounter as per the order of his superiors nearly thirty years ago.
The screenplay uses the stream of consciousness flow to show the mental state of the constable.
Who feels deranged.
Lal plays Constable Raveendran Pillai.
Whose family life is ruined.
Raveendran is a misfit.
He is not courageous or cruel.
He is a family man and dotes on his children.
He befriends Joseph.
Joseph introduces him.
Raveendran takes instant liking and roams in the forests with Joseph during his free time.
<EOS>
Harry England  a British car salesman  meets a Baroness.
When her Rolls-Royce breaks down.
They spend a few days together and become lovers.
She disappears one night.
Harry does not know her surname.
The Baron then hires Harry to teach his teenage son.
Harry encounters the Baroness again.
Their affair continues.
Harry falls and asks the Baroness to leave the Baron.
Who has taken up.
<EOS>
Once again  Alfalfa and Butch are bitter rivals.
The nerdish Waldo comes up  Alfalfa and Butch will compete for the title of Junior Mayor of Greenpoint during Boys  Week.
Will earn the honor.
Whichever one wins.
But  a dark horse wins not only the election  but also the girl.
<EOS>
Blue-collar mechanic Carter Chambers and billionaire hospital magnate Edward Cole meet.
Both have been diagnosed.
They become friends.
Edward is reluctant to share a room  complaining that he looks half-dead already.
They undergo their respective treatments.
Carter is a gifted amateur historian and family man.
Who had wanted to become a history professor  had been black  broke  -LSB- and with a -RSB- baby on the way and  thus  never rose above his status as a mechanic at the McCreath body shop.
Carter loves showing off his knowledge.
His favorite show is.
Edward is a four-time divorced health-care tycoon and cultured loner.
Who enjoys nothing more.
Edward prefers to call him Thomas.
He finds the name Matthew too biblical.
Edward enjoys drinking Kopi Luwak  one.
Carter begins writing a bucket list  or things to do  he kicks the bucket.
He died.
He has less than a year.
Edward finds it the next morning and urges Carter to do everything  and offers to finance the trip for the both of them.
Carter agrees   Virginia.
Edward and Carter begins an around-the-world vacation.
They go skydiving together  drive a Shelby Mustang  fly  eat dinner at Chevre dOr in France  visit and praise the beauty and history of Taj Mahal  India  ride motorcycles on the Great Wall of China  and attend a lion safari in Africa.
They confide about faith and family  revealing.
Carter has long been feeling and that Edward is deeply hurt by his estrangement from his only daughter  who disowned him after he drove away her abusive husband.
Edward hires a prostitute named Angelica for Carter.
Who has never been.
Carter declines and  realizing  asks to return home.
He loves his wife.
Carter reciprocates by trying to reunite Edward with his daughter.
Edward angrily storms off.
Carter returns home.
Where they have a nice family dinner telling stories and sharing jokes while a frustrated Edward stays home eating frozen dinners alone.
The family reunion is.
Carter suffers a seizure and is rushed.
Preparing. 
The cancer has spread.
Edward   visits.
Who is now.
Him and they share a few moments  wherein Carter reveals how the Kopi Luwak Edward enjoys is grown in a Sumatran village  is eaten and defecated by a jungle cat  and is harvested because of the special aroma of the gastric juices.
Carter crosses off laugh and insists Edward finish the list.
I cry.
Carter goes  but the procedure is unsuccessful.
He dies.
The news is given  Edward finally attempts to reconcile with his daughter.
She accepts him back as well as introduces him to the granddaughter.
He never knew he had.
Edward crosses kiss the most beautiful girl in the world off the list.
Edward delivers a eulogy  explaining.
He and Carter had been complete strangers.
The last three months were the best three months of his.
He crosses off help a complete stranger.
The epilogue reveals.
Edward lived.
His ashes were then taken by his assistant Matthew.
He crosses off the last item and places it between the cans.
Matthew places a Chock full oNuts coffee can alongside another can.
Carter s narration reveals.
The two cans contain their ashes and that Edward would have loved this  because he was buried  and that was against the law.
<EOS>
An opening tracking view   dissolve into an unearthly crescent moon and an establishing exterior view of a nighttime household.
Accompanied. 
Could be medieval Europe.
A woman sews by the fireplace.
A small pale boy  perhaps her son  beats noisily.
A cuckoo clock strikes.
Eight oclock and the woman sets down her sewing  takes the boy s drum away  gives him a small oil lamp and   dispatches him off to climb a dark and ludicrously lengthy series of staircases to bed.
The child s tremulous ascent is attended.
Once  he dashes for his bedroom  jumps into his bed and pulls the bed sheets up over his head.
Being a boy  however  he can not help peering out.
Momentarily takes the form.
He rubs his eyes.
It is gone.
A rustling turns out to be a scolding rat.
Meanwhile   a strange apparition appears through a closed door  A menacing  raptor-like human figure with huge  hooked nose and chin  feathered arms  and knee breeches with stockings -- the Sandman.
He seems to specialize and proceeds up the stairs with a curious mincing gait.
The boy   alternately hides his head about to see the impending danger.
Who can hear him approach.
The noise alerts the Sandman.
An intruder pulls back.
The quaking covers.
It turns out to be his solicitous mother.
Who retrieves the broken lamp  closes his eyes reassuringly and quietly withdraws.
No sooner does the door close  however.
The Sandman emerges.
He commences an exaggerated  almost ritualistic  step  then a leaping dance.
He is preparing a handful to toss into the boy s eyes.
Finally  the boy relents  opens his eyes.
The Sandman peppers his face.
But  we can see and  his objective apparently attained  he abruptly flies out the open window and into the night sky.
The Sandman has also taken something.
The Sandman lands on is his nest.
What we now realize.
Contains three.
He opens a small  black pouch  and produces -- two eyeballs.
The chicks feast greedily.
<EOS>
Pamela  a veterinarian  comes to Kenya to work on big-game hunter Steve Stratton s farm.
He was expecting a man and does nt want her there.
The exotic animals are precious.
Steve hunts and collects.
Who is employed.
He attacks Odongo.
When another worker  Walla  is fired.
Whose pet chimp comes.
Steve threatens to send the chimp.
Odongo misses.
When Steve orders him.
Steve also saves Pam and hopes.
She will leave.
But his attitude softens.
Pam delivers a native s baby and is given a rare animal.
The angry Walla frees all from their pens and starts a fire.
Odongo is accused  then is taken hostage by Walla and pushed from a cliff into crocodile-filled waters.
Steve jumps in to save him.
Walla fatally encounters one while trying to escape.
Pamela agrees to stay.
<EOS>
The real story.
Who loses her leg and fights her way back as a dancer.
<EOS>
15-year-old Marie-Antoinette was informed by her mother.
She is to marry the future king.
The young princess has to learn to navigate the treacherous environment at Versailles.
She is transformed into a charitable but somewhat out-of-touch humanitarian.
The final part follows Zweig s theory.
Marie Antoinette achieved greatness  with an emotional scene showing the final supper of the royal family before King Louis s execution  the separation of the queen from her young son and the savage murder of her closest friend.
The final scene shows Marie Antoinette going.
Where the audience hears the voice who was so excited to be going to France.
Shearer refused any complimentary make-up  and chose to look as haggard and exhausted as the real queen in her final moments.
<EOS>
The action begins.
What seems to be an abandoned house.
Ulises and his partner enter the house and find gruesome remnants.
The two are ambushed.
Ulises is forced to watch them torture and mutilate his partner.
He is decapitated.
Ulises is shot and is allowed to live to warn other law enforcement officials to stay out of their way.
One year later  Ed  Henry and Phil  three recent Texas college grads  are enjoying a college beach bonfire.
They decide to head down for the week to hit up the strip clubs and take advantage of a lack of law enforcement.
Ed meets a bartender named Valeria and falls in love with her.
Henry sets Phil up.
Phil immediately falls.
Love has a baby.
The boys  Valeria and her cousin Lupe indulge before going to a carnival.
Phil leaves early to give the prostitute s baby a teddy bear.
Phil reluctantly gets.
He walks alone.
Who proceed to abduct him when he tries to leave.
The next morning  Henry and Ed notice.
The two begin to investigate  eventually teaming up.
Henry gets shot.
They find the local authorities and the townspeople utterly terrified.
Phil is revealed to be kept under the watch of a man named Randall.
Who wounds Phil after he tries to escape.
The captors explain.
They follow some African voodoo called Palo Myombe and are preparing a human sacrifice to get the power for their drugs to be invisible to the border guards while smuggling them into the US.
Henry is later hacked by several men with machetes on the roof of their hotel.
Ed and Valeria decide to go to go kill the men.
Who abducted Phil.
It is too late to save Phil  however.
Does nt stop Ulises.
Ed  Valeria  and Ulises travel down the road.
Where Ulises bleeds.
The cult members followed Ed and Valeria.
The two risk their lives to kill the remaining members  eventually deciding to swim.
The movie ends.
Several kilos were found in containers along with human hair  over fifty bodies were exhumed from a mass grave at the ranch  Ed and Valeria were questioned after being caught swimming across the river  and that several suspects remain at large.
<EOS>
Robin  an English nobleman  is imprisoned in Jerusalem along with his comrade Peter.
Who joined King Richard The Lionheart.
Robin escapes  saving the life.
Peter dies.
Escaping and has Robin swear to protect his sister Marian.
Robin returns with Azeem.
Who has vowed to accompany him until the debt is repaid.
With King Richard still away  the cruel Sheriff of Nottingham rules over the land  aided by his cousin Guy of Gisbourne  along with the witch Mortianna and the corrupt Bishop of Hereford.
Robin s father is killed by the Sheriff s men after refusing to join them.
Robin returns to find his father dead  his home in ruins  and the Sheriff and his men oppressing the people.
Robin and Azeem encounter a band.
Fleeing the Sheriff s forces.
Is Will Scarlet.
Who holds a belligerent grudge and does not hesitate to show Robin his true feelings.
Robin ultimately assumes command  encourages his men to fight against Nottingham  and trains them to defend themselves.
They rob English soldiers and convoys.
Pass  then distribute the stolen wealth among the poor.
One is Friar Tuck.
Who subsequently joins these Merry Men.
Marian also begins to sympathize any aid.
She can muster.
Robin s successes infuriate the Sheriff.
Who increases the maltreatment  resulting in more support for Robin Hood.
Hiring Celtic warriors to bolster his forces  the Sheriff manages to locate the outlaws  hideout and launches an attack  destroying the forest refuge.
He confines Marian.
When she tries to summon help.
The Sheriff proposes  claiming.
If she accepts  he will spare the lives.
Nevertheless  several are due to be executed by hanging as part of the wedding celebration.
Is Will Scarlett.
Whom seemingly makes a deal to find and kill Robin in order to be set free.
Will meets back.
Who survived the assault.
Will informs him of the Sheriff s plans to marry Marian and execute Robin s men.
Will still continues to take out his anger.
Which Robin then questions Will.
Will then reveals himself to be Robin s younger illegitimate half-brother  Will s mother was a peasant woman.
Whom Robin s father took comfort after his mother died.
However  Robin s anger caused him to separate from her and leave Will fatherless.
He is overjoyed to learn.
He has a brother and embraces Will.
Robin and his men storm Nottingham Castle  freeing the prisoners.
Azeem reveals himself and his willingness to fight the Sheriff  turning the peasants.
Robin s band originally planned to free their friends and retreat.
Robin kills the Sheriff but is attacked by Mortianna.
Who charges.
Azeem slays Mortianna  fulfilling his vow to repay his life debt.
Tuck also kills the Bishop.
Robin and Marian profess their love and marry in the forest.
Their wedding is briefly interrupted.
Who blesses the marriage and thanks Robin.
<EOS>
The film is set about a group of slaves.
Who are illegally treated.
<EOS>
<EOS>
The story takes place  home of the forest ranger Dan  his children Tommy and Julie  and their pet sheepdog  Schaeffer.
It s the day.
Ranger Dan receives a call.
All the trees are disappearing.
Tommy and Julie are concerned.
Dan tells them.
He ll get.
That night  Tommy  Julie  and Schaeffer go to sleep and start to dream.
Meanwhile   a trio of raccoons prepare their home  The Raccoondominium  for Christmas.
Suddenly  Ralph reads.
All the trees are disappearing.
He and Melissa worry.
Their home is next.
Not too far away  local aardvark millionaire Cyril Sneer is revealed to be the tree thief.
His plan is to cut down every tree and make a profit out of the lumber.
His college-educated son plans to destroy the whole forest  reasoning.
Cedric tries to talk him out.
They already have enough trees.
Cyril ignores Cedric and chops.
However  Cyril loses the Raccoons  tree.
Tommy  Julie  and Schaeffer find it and take it home.
Left  the Raccoons try to find.
Who s.
Ralph sees the kids and Schaeffer dragging it.
They are the ones responsible.
They follow the kids to get their home back.
Tommy and Julie go to collect presents for their dad  leaving Schaeffer alone in the cabin.
The Raccoons make their way.
Where they find the Raccoondominium decorated.
Schaeffer wakes up and chases the Raccoons through the forest.
Melissa tries to get their Christmas stockings back.
The chase leads the four animals.
Where Schaeffer finds out the truth  as do the Raccoons about his innocence.
The animals then team up to plan to catch the real tree thief.
The Raccoons and Schaeffer catch the two Sneers.
Cyril and Cedric head out to cut down the rest.
There s a profit.
Schaeffer hears the kids calling in the distance and he.
The Raccoons leave.
The animals are pleased.
They have saved the forest.
The Raccoons are upset.
They are left.
The four walk back  wish each other a Merry Christmas  and Schaeffer returns to the cabin.
Where Julie and Tommy wait.
Just then  Julie and Tommy see the homeless Raccoons and realize.
Their Christmas tree must be the Raccoons  home.
Julie phones their father to ask him to find a new home.
Dan agrees.
The group celebrate.
The next day  the kids rush to open their presents  but are surprised.
They must have dreamt the events.
However  Dan tells the kids.
The trees have miraculously stopped being cut down.
He reads a newspaper article.
Says that thousands were planted overnight.
The identity is unknown.
Suddenly  Schaeffer alerts the kids again.
They can see the Raccoons and a new re-planted tree not far.
The Raccoons wave goodbye and climb into the tree to settle into a new home.
<EOS>
Part II  the narrative of Mafia.
Tony is the son.
Tony introduces the main thread.
The film opens.
When he exits a Vegas casino and walks.
It explodes.
When he starts the car.
The story then regresses more than half a century to describe the boyhood.
Who was born.
One day   Vincenzo trips and the parcel bursts open  revealing a strange white powder.
Making a delivery.
The parcel s recipient  concluding  tracks Vincenzo   the boy  however  escapes to America.
The delivery boy has seen too much.
Where he kills his father.
Where he grows  marries  and struggles with poverty before finally finding his destiny as a mafia boss.
The film then visits the recent past  Tony has just returned and is bringing his idealistic Protestant girlfriend  Diane  to meet his family and friends at his big brother Joey s wedding reception.
However  Vincenzo is shot 47 times in an attempted hit and nearly dies.
Tony announces his intention to kill Gorgoni  a drug lord.
Whom Vincenzo had refused to do business.
Diane leaves him  saying  and adding but that Protestant chick.
He s abandoned the peaceful ideals.
She ll never be anything.
Who never killed anyone.
Vincenzo recovers and visits Las Vegas   Joey  furious at being passed over  is told You get Wisconsin.
Where he officially names Tony his successor.
The Don then returns home.
Where he falls victim.
The film returns in a hotel room together and walks out in disgust - only to have his car explode.
Tony is horribly but temporarily disfigured  and attends his father s funeral.
Where he spots the killers when he sees little Chucky taking a payoff.
However  he decides to postpone vengeance.
He can win back Diane s love and put his life.
Diane has become President of the United States  and is on the brink of declaring total world disarmament.
When Tony goes looking.
He persuades her to put world peace until after their wedding.
He settles the family s accounts in an orgy of slaughter  even arranging the harpooning of Barney the purple dinosaur as a bonus.
<EOS>
Im Dae-ho has been a huge fan since his childhood.
A wrestler called.
Kim Il was a big star.
Dae-ho preferred.
A cheating fighter called Ultra Tiger Mask.
Years later   Dae-ho decides to try professional wrestling himself.
When his job is nt going well.
<EOS>
Thirteen-year-old Tracy Freeland writes poetry and is an honor student.
Her divorced mother Melanie is a recovering alcoholic and high school dropout.
Who struggles.
Tracy is teased by some girls about her cabbage patch clothes.
Tracy then endeavours to shed her ` little girl  image and pleads.
Melanie buys Tracy new clothes.
Tracy is then invited at school  to go shopping on Melrose Avenue in Hollywood.
Tracy takes a city bus anyway.
Evie gives her a disconnected telephone number.
Where she finds Evie and a friend.
Tracy sees Evie and her friend continuously shoplift.
Tracy begins to feel uncomfortable  and walks and sits on a bench outside.
Once there  Tracy begins to truly feel the need to be popular.
She then steals a distracted woman s pocketbook to be more.
This impresses Evie and her friend.
They all go.
Tracy and Evie become.
Best friends and Evie temporarily moves.
Tracy   is angry about her parents  divorce and  unbeknownst to her mother  cuts herself as a way to cope with the stress.
Tracy rapidly transforms.
She neglects her old friends  becomes more impulsive  and cares less.
She taunts Melanie s boyfriend  Brady.
Who is also a recovering addict.
She is unable to stop them.
Melanie is somewhat aware.
Melanie is also reluctant to ask Evie to leave her household.
Tracy and Evie become very close  even talking.
Tracy steadily shuts Melanie.
However   Tracy s new-found popularity does not make her happy.
This does not bring her pleasure.
Tracy endeavors to emulate Evie s seductive behavior.
Tracy gets caught up.
Then later doubts.
He feels the same.
Tracy does not feel comfortable.
When Evie and Tracy try to seduce Luke  an adult lifeguard.
Drawn into their kisses and allowing them to partially strip him  Luke throws them out of his house and soon moves away from the neighborhood.
One night make comments about the thong on a cute girl and is then shocked.
He realizes.
It is his sister.
Tracy and Evie were  but bolted to do other things.
Later on  the girls take turns inhaling and become so intoxicated.
They laughingly hit each other  drawing blood.
Meanwhile Melanie is unaware.
Deeply the girls have fallen with teenage boys.
Seeing the harmful impact Evie is having  Melanie takes Evie back to live with her cousin Brooke.
Tracy seems to agree.
Which Evie becomes upset.
Melanie also hopes.
Tracy will go live.
She is unhappy.
But  much  Travis decides.
He wants to take custody instead  to give him a more stable environment away from Tracy.
She may fail seventh grade.
Tracy angrily blames Evie.
When the women confront Tracy.
She sees how Evie tries to blame it.
Brooke  convinced  says.
Owing  they are moving to Ojai to get away from her.
Melanie stands up  saying.
Tracy was playing before she met Evie.
Brooke grabs Tracy and pulls her sleeve up the many cuts and long scars on her daughter s left arm caused by her.
Horrified  Melanie tells Brooke and Evie to leave.
Both mother and daughter weep.
Her daughter s heavily cut arm.
Melanie holds.
Tracy tearfully pleads to let go of her.
The two eventually fall asleep holding each other.
The next morning Tracy wakes up.
The film ends.
She screams.
<EOS>
Captain Steve Bannerman has been asked to fly one last passenger flight to Australia for Trans-Pacific Airline.
He crashes the jet airliner on an uninhabited South Pacific island.
Bannerman takes charge with Merle Barnaby  a black marine returning from combat duty in Vietnam  to try to find a way to survive on the island.
They have the support of Gina Talbot and Beejay Caldwell.
Oil magnate Glenn Walkup  nightclub entertainer Eddie Randolph and Jonesy begin to cause trouble.
The captain has to contend with not only helping his crew and passengers survive but also dealing with a number of desperate and irrational passengers.
Complicating matters is a 10-year-old boy suffering.
He is brutally beaten.
When Bannerman rejects Walkup s idea.
The raft sets out manned.
A radio bulletin announces.
The cancellation attempts as Beejay falls from a cliff  attempting to escape Jonesy.
Her panic-stricken assailant shoots Barnaby  accusing him.
Jonesy is exposed  but is accidentally impaled.
When Beejay revives and tries.
The survivors unite to create a new society.
When a child is born.
<EOS>
The beginning starts.
The mother puts away a bloody knife  leaves a baby to drown  writes a note  and then shoots herself in the mouth with a pistol.
Twenty years later  ghost hunter Carter Simms is offered $ 5000 to stay a weekend to investigate paranormal activity.
The owner also hires help for Carter.
Include Colin Green and Yvette Sandoval as a journalist.
Together they set up equipment to help find and investigate any evidence.
The group is then joined.
She claims.
She was also sent to assist in the investigation.
She also states.
She is there to protect the reputations because they were great members of their church.
The group stays.
Several mysterious things happen  the room temperature lowers dramatically in a short period  a chair moves on its own  a gunshot and mysterious voices are recorded.
Some ghostly figures are recorded.
Colin gets a call from the owner of the house.
It turns out  so Carter forces Mary to leave.
Mary Young Mortensen was never supposed to be.
Later that night  nothing much is happening.
The group reviews a video tape and sees a figure.
We flash.
They are going to investigate the guest house.
Where Mary is out to discredit the good name of the Mastersons.
She convinces herself she needs to stop them and returns.
Mary then begins killing all members  writes a note  and commits suicide much.
The mother did.
It turns out.
Mary was the small child left.
She was rescued and apparently adopted to arrive on the scene.
She drowned.
She tells the sordid story  involving the imprisonment  rape and torture of her mother.
Mary is preparing.
Who eventually became pregnant.
The birth caused Mrs Masterson to kill her family and Mary s mother.
It switches.
The movie ends.
Where Carter is seen looking.
It turns out.
She is now a ghost  unable to leave along with the other ghosts.
<EOS>
Ben and Me opens.
The human tour group discusses Franklin s life and achievements.
The leader reveals the contributions of a mouse  Amos  to Franklin s career.
Narrated  through his memoirs  the mouse recalls.
He first met and befriended Benjamin Franklin  eventually aiding.
Amongst Amos  contributions were making bifocals  inspiring him to build the Franklin stove  and encouraging him to print an event-oriented newspaper  the Pennsylvania Gazette.
Amos leaves Ben and moves back.
Ben s experiments endanger Amos  life.
Franklin is sent as part of a colonial attempt to reason with the king.
The mission is a failure.
Franklin says  The King was unreasonable.
He would nt listen.
Amos  seeing this -- and the confusion and anger -- realises  but initially refuses.
He could help.
Amos and Franklin finally resolve their disagreements.
Amos plays a key role aiding Thomas Jefferson.
<EOS>
William is the leader.
Who   stage a daring robbery at a bank holding a cache of rebel gold.
The heist does not go smoothly.
William s associates soon fall.
They head with their stolen fortune.
Needing a place to rest  the criminals set up camp in a mansion overlooking an abandoned plantation.
Something rushes at them.
Todd shoots.
The group discovers.
He has killed a hairless  twisted creature that barely passes.
It soon becomes obvious.
The old house is not as empty as they thought.
A handful make their presence known while William and his cohorts fight over the gold.
The former owner was a gentleman farmer with a wife and two children.
He attempted to bring her back  hoping.
When his wife died.
Black magic would return her.
Instead  his murders raised the ire.
Who hung him up as a scarecrow  leaving him to die.
His victims  spirits remain  attacking all.
Who dare enter.
Everyone has died.
The film closes.
William has accidentally shot Annabelle.
He is shot.
He runs out  fleeing from his actions.
The soldiers  however  do not seem to have shot a young man  instead  they appear to have killed a hairless  twisted creature.
Barely passes.
Check out the plantation.
Before the credits  one sees two gold coins next to the body  and without telling anyone  suggests that he go.
His commander agrees  so long.
The soldier returns.
<EOS>
Clifford Southey is a clerk.
Who is promoted during the war.
His subordinate officer  Captain Brett Aimsley  was a partner.
Popular and charismatic  Capt.
Aimsley is everything Col.
Southey is not  but aspires to be.
Unfortunately money is Aimsley s weakness.
Achilles Heel and his profligacy sees him removed.
Some time is rudely interrupted by the arrival of his old adversary  now director of a hotel chain looking to expand into the burgeoning South Seas market.
<EOS>
Atalia  a 40-year old war widow   lives.
Who lost her husband.
She is lonely and feels outcast  and eventually enters - Matti  an idealistic 19-year old boy.
Who had been rejected.
The two find some happiness.
Their love in foredoomed.
<EOS>
The plot involves numerous characters  the different problems or situations  and the ways.
They face to midnight.
These different storylines interact and are resolved.
The various storylines include  Shindo   and.
Who used to work.
Who tries to hide the fact that he is now a hotel employee when his ex-wife unexpectedly arrives.
Shindo s ex-wife s husband   but is afraid.
Who is.
His affair will be found out.
Yoko  the call girl involved in the course of the night.
Who is having an affair  and gets.
Takemoto  a chambermaid.
Who is mistaken.
The elderly man s son offers her money to leave his father  she tries to ensure.
The couple can remain together.
Mutoda  a Senator.
Who is hiding from the media  following his involvement in a corruption scandal.
He is also the father.
Kenji  a bellboy.
Who wants to be a musician  but has decided to give up.
Zenbu Tokugawa  the veteran enka star.
Who is suicidal when not performing.
<EOS>
Sherrie Christian travels to Los Angeles with dreams of becoming a famous singer.
Barback Drew Boley prepares at The Bourbon Room  a popular nightclub on the Sunset Strip.
Her suitcase is stolen.
Sherrie approaches The Bourbon.
Seeing the incident  Drew tries to catch the robber  but fails.
He comforts Sherrie and   he gets her a job at the Bourbon Room as a waitress.
The club s owner  Dennis Dupree  and his right-hand man  Lonny Barnett  are trying to find a way to deal.
Threaten the club.
Their love could keep it alive.
Drew and Sherrie go to confess their dreams of becoming famous.
Dennis and Lonny finally decide.
Organizes her church to protest in front of the Bourbon Room  planning to shut them down in an attempt to rid L.
A.
Drugs  and rock n roll image.
Meanwhile  Drew s and Sherrie s relationship progresses.
They slowly begin to fall  with Drew admitting.
He has started writing a song.
Dennis learns.
Arsenal s opening act has cancelled its appearance.
Sherrie convinces him to use Drew and his band  Wolfgang Von Colt.
Drew then confesses his feelings.
Stacee s manager  Paul Gill  schedules an interview before the concert.
She mentions the rumors.
Stacee is difficult to work and that he was actually kicked out of Arsenal.
Jaxx claims.
His life is much more complicated than it appears to be.
He seduces her.
They are close.
When one convinces her that it would be a mistake.
He mistakes Sherrie s apologies to Stacee.
Drew is waiting to go.
They had sex causing him to perform that the audience loves.
He breaks up and leaves with Gill.
Gill offers to make Drew famous.
Sherri quits and struggles to find a job.
Justice Charlier  the owner  takes Sherrie under her wing  allowing her to work in the club as a waitress.
Eventually  Sherrie is forced to become a stripper.
Justice teaches her the essentials.
Drew learns that he must change his rock star image.
Stacee learns  and terminates his employment with him.
Gill had stolen the proceeds.
A depressed Drew visits the Hollywood sign.
Where he finds Sherrie  who reveals both that she did nt have sex and that she is going back to Oklahoma.
Sherrie and Drew lament the situation.
Stacee realizes he has feelings.
That night   led.
Stacee s first solo show square off against Stacee s enthusiasts.
He seems to remember Patricia and greets her.
When Stacee arrives.
Lonny also recognizes her  and exposes her as a former groupie of Arsenal  and a hypocrite  in front of everyone.
Stacee enters the club and finds Constance  and professes his love.
He also has his security return the stolen money.
Who uses it to pay the taxes and save the club.
Drew s boy band  the Z Guyeezz  begins to open the show but the rocker crowd boos their.
Drew  spotting Sherrie  leaves the stage.
The two reconcile and Drew also dismisses Gill  proclaiming.
Rock n roll will never die.
Sherrie then reunites Wolfgang Von Colt.
Where Drew performs the song he wrote.
Stacee hears the song and seems to be moved.
Eight months later  Stacee   performs the song   in an arena  in front of a crowd.
Who has rejoined Arsenal.
Who is now part.
Includes Dennis  Lonny  Justice  a pregnant Constance  and Patricia.
Whose humiliation has sent her back to her rock n roll persona.
<EOS>
Pooja   becomes insecure.
Who grew up and always dreamt of owning a house.
When she finds out that she and her husband  Inder  have to leave the apartment they rent.
The twist proves to be.
Occurred when Inder gives her the keys.
When it is revealed that he is with another woman  Kavita  with whom he earned the money for the new apartment.
Pooja becomes herself involved.
Previously giving advice cheated by her husband  now.
She chooses to leave the apartment with only 2000 rupees.
When Inder deserts Pooja.
She had when she got married.
She is helped to surpass the difficulties of life as a single person  to find a job and to rely morally on herself.
Raj and Pooja become good friends.
Gradually  Kavita s mental instability deepens her fears.
After Inder requests Pooja to sign the divorce papers.
Raj falls with Pooja and proposes to her.
She refuses saying and can not give him anything.
She is empty.
Raj tries to persuade her saying.
She can not spend the rest and that she should try to find a new life for herself.
Pooja promises to think.
Pooja s maid   has saved INR.
Whose only aim is to secure a good education for her daughter.
She finds out.
Her drunk husband has stolen the money.
Furious  she searches.
Him to find him after spending all the money.
She kills him and goes and confesses her crime.
Worried  she calls Pooja.
Who promises to take care.
Pooja personally assures Kavita.
She is not interested anymore.
However  Pooja s attitude only convinces Kavita.
Breaking Pooja s marriage was a mistake.
To escape  she breaks-up with Inder.
The latter tries to revive his relation  but is rejected.
Pooja continues to live and refuses to marry Raj saying and being a mother to the child and marrying.
She has found a new meaning in being independent.
Raj will only weaken her.
<EOS>
She claims to be looking.
Who is involved.
Wonderly is to meet Thursby.
Archer volunteers to follow her that night and help get her sister back.
That night  Spade is informed.
Archer has been killed.
He meets his friend  Police Detective Tom Polhaus.
He then calls Wonderly s hotel.
She has checked out.
He is grilled.
Who inform him that Thursby was also murdered that same evening.
Dundy suggests.
Spade had the opportunity and motive to kill Thursby  who likely killed Archer.
Archer s widow believes.
Spade shot his partner so he could have her.
Later that morning  Spade meets Wonderly  now calling herself Brigid OShaughnessy.
She explains and probably killed Archer  but claims to have no idea.
Thursby was her partner.
Who killed Thursby.
Spade agrees to investigate the murders.
Spade meets.
Joel Cairo  who first offers him a $ 5000 fee to find a black figure  then pulls a gun on him in order to search for it.
Spade manages to knock Cairo out and go.
He hires Spade.
When Cairo revives.
Later that evening  Spade tells OShaughnessy.
It becomes clear.
When Cairo shows up.
Spade s acquaintances know each other.
Cairo becomes agitated.
When OShaughnessy reveals that the Fat Man is.
Spade goes to Cairo s hotel.
Where he spots Wilmer  a young man who had been following him earlier.
He gives Wilmer a message.
Spade meets Gutman.
Gutman begins to talk about the Falcon  but becomes evasive  causing Spade to storm out.
Later  Wilmer takes Spade to see Gutman.
Spade overpowers Wilmer  but meets.
Gutman relates the history.
He offers Spade $ 25000 and a quarter of the proceeds from its sale.
Then Spade passes out  his drink was spiked.
Wilmer  Gutman and Cairo depart.
He searches the suite and finds a newspaper.
When Spade awakens.
He goes  only to find the ship on fire  so he returns to his office.
A man clutching a bundle wrapped in and staggers toward Spade before dying.
The contents identify the dead man as Captain Jacobi of the La Paloma.
The bundle contains the Maltese Falcon.
The phone rings.
OShaughnessy gives an address and then screams.
The line goes dead.
Spade stashes the package  then goes to the address.
It turns out to be an empty lot.
Spade returns home and finds OShaughnessy hiding.
He takes her inside  and finds Gutman  Cairo  and Wilmer waiting.
Gutman gives Spade $.
Spade tells them.
Part is someone he can turn over to the police for the murders of Archer  Thursby  and Captain Jacobi.
Spade suggests Wilmer.
He certainly killed Thursby and Jacobi.
Gutman and Cairo agree  Wilmer is knocked out in a scuffle.
Spade gets the details.
What happened.
Who killed whom  so that he can present a convincing story.
Spade calls his secretary  Effie Perrine  to bring him the bundle.
However   he discovers.
When Gutman inspects the black statuette.
It is a fake.
He suggests.
He and Cairo return to continue their quest.
Spade calls the police and tells them.
They leave.
Where to pick up the pair.
Spade then angrily confronts OShaughnessy  telling her.
He knows she killed Archer to implicate Thursby  her unwanted accomplice.
OShaughnessy can not believe.
Spade would turn her over.
He does  for her.
<EOS>
Song Soo-jung is a producer going at a small company.
Her speciality is filming human interest stories.
She is driven to produce these shallow stories.
However  she is reaching the end.
What s left.
One day she leaves her office as usual to produce a story on a lion apparently refusing to eat its meal.
Months paid.
However  she comes across a robber.
She is saved somehow.
Superman claims.
He s unable to tap because bad guys have placed kryptonite inside his head.
However  he does nt let.
Rescuing a lost puppy.
Soo-jung can see.
This will make a good story and   she produces the Superman Saves the World documentary which goes on to be a ratings hit.
It becomes clear.
There really is something stuck - a bullet.
However  the true story  is revealed  two major tragedies.
Befell Hyun-Suk traumatized him and left him believing he was   Superman.
He saw Superman.
When Lee was a boy.
Who told him that if he counted  he would become Superman.
Caught is killed.
The young Lee is shot.
Miraculously  he lived.
Years later Lee  his wife  and daughter were hit.
His wife died instantly.
His daughter survived.
Lee told his daughter  he d turn into Superman to save her.
She counted.
Unfortunately   the bullet caused a seizure  causing him to collapse on the road.
As he was running.
The car exploded still inside.
He writhed in pain.
None attempted to help Lee or his daughter.
It was.
When mental trauma caused Lee to believe he was Superman.
Lee lives his life.
He is indeed Superman.
Soo-jung follows Lee.
He attempts to help the community.
Lee inspires hope within the community.
People begin to follow his example.
But this change Lee inspired only manifests.
When he has lost all hope.
It s.
People help Lee.
But  he ends up going.
When Lee attempts to save a child.
Lee could nt find any way to escape  so he ends up jumping out of a window with the child  landing on his head.
He flies and goes back in time to save himself from the bullet.
Hits Lee.
He returns.
Where he landed saving the child.
There appeared to be an S.
When they were about to take his organ.
Soo-jung is inspired and follows his example by helping an old woman.
A phrase used by Lee Hyun-Suk - Strength does nt open big iron doors but a small key.
When they first met.
This helps the frosty  calculating Soo-jung to awaken.
What s truly important.
<EOS>
The film focuses.
Who wins the lottery.
Their lives are changed forever  sometimes.
<EOS>
55-year-old Barbara Sawyer submits to full-body plastic surgery in a Swiss clinic  then checks into an exclusive ski resort to await the arrival of her attorney husband Mark.
Reveling  she allows playboy Erich to seduce her.
He announces.
When Mark finally arrives.
He is divorcing Barbara to marry a younger woman  leaving her to start a new life.
<EOS>
Best is presented as a documentary of five dogs and their owners destined to show in the Mayflower Kennel Club Dog Show  held in Philadelphia.
The documentary jumps.
They prepare to leave  arrive at the hotel  and prepare backstage before their dog takes the show  as well as.
The owners and their dogs include  Gerry and Cookie Fleck   A middle-class couple from Florida.
Who run and are forced to sleep in the hotel s storage room when they finally arrive.
They encounter men.
Whom Cookie slept.
Meg and Hamilton Swan  -  An upper-class  stereotypical yuppie couple from Chicago  they think  going as far as taking her to a therapist.
They are taking great care.
She sees Meg and Hamilton have sex.
The Swans believe.
Beatrice will become unnerved before the show.
Harlan Pepper and his Bloodhound Hubert -  Pepper s family has raised a variety.
Harlan continues the tradition.
Sherri Ann and Leslie Ward Cabot in White -  A two-time past winner of the show.
Sherri Ann is a luscious big-breasted blonde  the elderly Leslie is her sugar daddy.
Their relationship is reminiscent.
Howard Marshall II.
Sherri Ann is primarily worried  however  trainer Christy Cummings makes sure.
The dog is truly ready.
Leslie remains utterly oblivious and apathetic.
Sherri Ann and Leslie s fake couplehood crumples.
Sherri Ann and Christy s romantic involvement becomes apparent.
Scott Donlan and Stefan Vanderhoof and their Shih Tzu Miss Agnes -  A campy gay couple  they take great pride  and are confident.
She will win the competition.
The owners and their dogs all arrive and oblivious color commentator Buck Laughlin.
Is hosted.
Beatrice is disqualified.
When Hamilton can not control her.
The other four dogs advance.
Cookie dislocates her knee and insists.
Gerry take over.
Ultimately Winky takes Best.
The audience is initially awed.
Afterwards  the film explores.
What each character is doing.
Gerry and Cookie returned home and were overcome with attention after the victory.
They go on to record   songs about terriers but discover to Gerry s frustration.
The recording engineer is yet another.
Sherri Ann and Christy have entered and publish a magazine for lesbian owners of purebred dogs  called American Bitch.
Harlan fulfills his dreams and becomes a ventriloquist  entertaining sparse crowds.
<EOS>
Aegans story is based to foil the terrorist John Chinnappa.
Major Shiva is simultaneously attempting to mend relations.
Complications ensue.
Major John Chinnappa is a scientist.
Who had created tablets.
His ploys have always been controversial but inconclusive due.
However  an ex-gang member  General Ram Prasad  became a police approver and is.
However  he is.
The case falls.
Who had ordered his decommission  who assigns his son to go and help solve the mission.
Karthik tells Shiva to attend college -- St.
John s College  Ooty -- to protect Ram Prasad s daughter  Pooja  with her father.
Shiva pleads.
He has never seen a civilian college before and does nt know much.
The General points out.
Pooja attends school in the same town where Ram Prasad is hiding.
Shiva can protect Pooja and look.
Shiva goes undercover.
He is much older.
Who at first make fun because of his lack of new-generation styles.
He also has to deal as well the idiotic forgetful principal of the college  Albert.
He finds Narain.
Who is later revealed to be Shiva s brother.
Pooja is Narain s best friend.
He is secretly jealous but she ca nt.
Other girls can get his attention.
Shiva saves Pooja.
Who kidnap her while Narain and others think it s a prank.
He later becomes a sensation.
He befriends Narain and Pooja and falls after being attracted by her beauty and in a bid to convince other students.
He is one.
Shiva spots Ram Prasad and chases him.
He escapes.
Pooja comes to know and feels cheated.
Narain has been helping her father.
Narain tries to apologize many times.
She refuses to talk.
Irked  Narain drinks and explains his actions.
When John s men come again to kidnap Pooja.
They beat up Narain.
Shiva comes.
Narain and Pooja patch up.
The fight sequences.
Shiva takes Narain.
Where he learns that Narain is his brother.
The flashback sequences describe Shiva s childhood and explain.
His mother and father live separately.
The next day  Shiva arrests him -- much.
When Pooja introduces Ram Prasad.
Then everyone learns.
Shiva is a policeman.
Shiva then drives Ram Prasad straight  avoiding the traps.
He had set.
A fight ensues.
Which John is finally killed.
Mallika is shown with Shiva s parents and brother.
He has gone as part of another mission.
<EOS>
The film s main character is Byeong-gu  a man.
Who believes that aliens are about to attack Earth and that he is the only one who can prevent them.
He kidnaps a powerful executive.
Whom he believes to be a top ranking extraterrestrial who can contact the prince during the upcoming eclipse.
He proceeds to torture the executive.
Slowly Byeong-gu s true intentions are revealed.
It seems.
The executives company poisoned his mother.
He s deluding himself.
Byeong-gu does seem to believe that the executive is an alien.
The executive tries to escape but is thwarted.
When a detective comes calling to investigate the disappearance.
The detective out sees Byeong-gu s dog gnawing on the bones of his master s past victims.
He is killed by the psycho s bees  is hacked up and fed to the dog.
Byeong-gu then crucifies the executive and breaks his leg  to punish him for his attempted escape.
The executive convinces.
The bottle is the antidote for his comatose mother.
The executive frees himself by pulling his hands through the nails.
He then travels deeper  finding evidence of his grim research.
Photos are littered with blood scrawled notebooks.
Hands and brains reside in jars.
Reading the executive discovers Byeong-gu s traumatic past  his father was a coal miner.
Who lost one due to his dangerous work and was killed by his wife when he attempted to attack her and his son.
He was beaten and was a victim to the sadistic whims of his cruel teachers.
He showed early signs  such as stabbing a fellow school mate with a kitchen knife.
His mother was then poisoned  his former girlfriend was beaten to death.
He slowly went mad.
Surrounded him.
The dead detective s partner arrives and finds the frantic executive.
Byeong-gu   feeds the so-called antidote to his comatose mother  inadvertently killing her.
Infuriated  he returns home but finds the detective there.
He captures both of them and plans on killing them both.
The frantic executive then admits and proceeds to spin an exotic tale.
Stretches back  about how his race was trying to save humanity by experimenting on the genetic code of his mother.
He also agrees to contact the alien prince.
Byeong-gu leaves the detective all his notes  saying.
If he does not make it  he will have the responsibility.
The executive triggers a computer controlled robotic arm to kill Byeong-gu s girlfriend.
He beats his captor near to death.
They shoot.
When the police arrive.
He wonders aloud  Now.
He bleeds.
Who will save the earth.
He deems Earth a failed experiment and blasts it from creation.
A video recaps the entire journey of Byeong-gu s life.
<EOS>
Kool is a good kid.
The movie starts only to be given chase by the Los Angeles Police Department.
The car hightails then Kool narrates his story.
The movie flashes back 6 months earlier.
Kool  C-Dawg  Pee Wee  and Remo are all seen playing a card game.
Kool impresses his friends.
Then the movie introduces.
And Mrs Ferrel as LaShawna asks has Kool gotten as Mrs Ferrel just shuns him off not liking the company he keeps around him.
LaShawna gets dressed.
She goes out  Kool and LaShawna tries to persuade Mrs Ferrel to let LaShawna go to Las Vegas.
Which Mrs Ferrel declines and tells Kool to take her daughter since she said Kool was an artist.
The movie then skips ahead.
The in which Master Keaton is his mentor.
Kool has made his transition to a black belt.
The movie then skips and introduces Tyrel.
He s arguing about Mike Tyson biting Holyfields ear off in the boxing match.
Kool changes the subject and turns.
He wrote in which his friends do nt give him credit.
Then LaShawna comes they go over.
LaShawna remembers his birthday and had a cake baked.
The movie cuts.
Officer Mack is interrupted by Maurice.
Mack tries to tell him.
The deal is off due.
Maurice tells Mack.
The deal is still and that he d better be there.
The movie jumps back with Kool telling LaShawna.
He had wrote her a song that was going to get them out.
Which is interrupted.
Something big is about to go down.
C-Dawg and Remo are.
Kool arrives.
Eddy Anthony Boswell explains.
She has just been charged.
She would never kill anyone.
Eddy is reluctant to help but ca nt due.
It is nt his murder case.
Kool wants to prove her innocence.
Tully  the cynical detective  ignores LaShawna s case but uses Kool to break up an incipient crime operation.
Which has Saint jailed and LaShawna s certain release.
She s.
The guilty parties fear that the officer talked before he died.
Awaiting a hearing and legal help  she s beaten by Mack.
Officer Mack pulls out an Uzi and fires.
Kool gets and gives chase to Mack  Kool eventually catches up to Mack and destroys the van  killing him.
He is driving.
He begins to find difficulty in ignoring the lure of urban gang-life  Kool vows revenge  the Hot Boyz are born.
Kool is eventually pushed by a pair of racist cops and decides to start his own gang called Hot Boyz.
Who turn out to be the toughest new gang.
Moe is an informant  Moe tells Roberts.
Who is helping out Officer Roberts.
What he wants to know and Moe skips town after it happens.
Pee Wee makes a deal.
Who lets him when he told about the hit the Hot Boyz were planning on him.
C-Dawg finds out  then he and Kool confront him.
What Pee Wee did.
Kool is about to brandish a plane ticket to send Pee Wee.
Pee Wee  thinking  runs and is shot and killed by.
Kool is about to kill him.
Kool reveals.
He was going to send him home.
Saint finds the warehouse  but not only Saint s crew  the corrupt police work.
Where the Hot Boyz do their business and has his crew guns drawn and ready to kill anybody.
A 10 minute gunfight ensues.
Which most are killed or injured.
He tells the audience.
He found  he got a second chance to live a good life a life.
Himself locked until Eddy got him out on a legal loophole after only serving 5 years in prison.
He says LaShawna and his baby would have approved.
Says. 
The movie ends it shows flashbacks to the viewer and Kool.
A good life is worth living as he lives the memory of LaShawna lives on forever  and that love is something to believe in.
He has now is memories.
<EOS>
Anuradha Roy  a noted radio singer  dancer and daughter  falls in love with an idealistic doctor  Dr Nirmal Chowdhary.
She decides to marry him.
Nirmal   has decided to serve the poor.
Whose mother died.
He asks Anuradha to not follow the hardships his life has but to live the life.
Her father plans.
But she still insists to follow her love.
She rejects the wedding proposal set with the London-returned Deepak.
Deepak wishes her well and promises her to help.
She ever needs any.
Anuradha realizes the gravity of the choice of living in a village.
Taking care  doing all household chores she quits singing  the singing.
Once was her life.
Her father comes home to visit them and reconcile.
Seeing her poor condition her father asks them to come and stay.
But due Nirmal rejects the offer and promises to move after sometime.
Deepak.
Travelling meets a car accident and is hence rushed to Dr Nirmal.
Nirmal does successful plastic surgery.
Deepak gets to stay and realizes her hardships.
He requests her to leave Nirmal and move and pursue her passion for music.
It is then.
She has to decide.
The clinching moment is.
When Dr Nirmal concedes.
She asks him  Ca nt you ask me to stay back.
<EOS>
Kenneth Hale  a pampered  snobbish young boy is sent.
Who has served time for a crime he did not commit  down to the country farm of an old friend  Calvin Whittaker.
The barefooted  honest and plucky Billy Whittaker  his girlfriend  Pige Bennett  and punky Kenneth get involved.
Billy helps make a better man out.
<EOS>
Johnny Bhai is an amusing older married man.
Vijay is a young man.
Who is.
Vijay and Sneha get.
Immediately begin to realize.
The person they thought was perfect had flaws.
Vijay goes but does nt like his advice.
Is sympathy and comfort.
What Vijay wants.
He gets sage advice.
Sneha seeks counsel.
Who advises her that problems are to be expected.
Vijay does not beat her or go out with other women - he simply ignores her and argues.
Sneha takes her advice and starts a one-week experiment.
She asks Vijay to call his parents.
She will cook.
Vijay is surprised and happy.
The dinner with Vijay s parents is a disaster.
The experience brings the young couple closer together.
This love story takes an interesting turn.
When Vijay s wealthy and beautiful boss  Jyothi tries to seduce him.
What happens next is something that will take Vijay.
<EOS>
Bun-nyeo  a girl loses her virginity to Myong-jun  the village vagabond.
She moves.
Both die before they can wed.
Myong-jun persuades her to return.
He is arrested.
Bun-nyeo is waiting.
The film ends.
<EOS>
Emotionally withdrawn Joel Barish and unhinged free spirit Clementine Kruczynski strike up a relationship from Montauk  New York.
They are almost immediately drawn on account of their radically different personalities.
Joel and Clementine are  now separated after having spent two years together.
They apparently do not realize it.
Clementine hired the New York City firm Lacuna  Inc.
To erase all her memories.
Joel is devastated and decides to undergo the procedure himself  a process.
Takes place while he sleeps.
Much takes place in Joel s mind.
Joel finds himself revisiting them.
His memories are erased.
He struggles to preserve at least some memory of her and his love for her.
The memories are slowly erased  with the last memory of Clementine telling him  Meet me in Montauk.
The employees of Lacuna are revealed to be more than peripheral characters.
Patrick  one performing the erasure  is dating Clementine.
Copying aspects.
Order to seduce her.
Mary  the Lacuna receptionist  turns out to have had an affair.
Who heads the company -- a relationship which she agreed to have erased when it was discovered by his wife.
She quits her job and steals the company s records  then sends them out.
Mary learns this.
Joel and Clementine come shortly after re-encountering each other on the train.
They react  given  let alone having had a relationship.
They have no clear memory.
Having had their memories erased.
Joel beckons Clementine to start over  Clementine initially resists  pointing out it could go the same way.
Joel accepts this.
They decide to attempt a relationship anyway  starting their life together anew.
<EOS>
The Doraemons  a group  gather to play a game of soccer.
<EOS>
Elizabeth von Arnim s novel tells the story.
Who leave their damp and rainy environs to go to a secluded coastal castle in Italy.
Mrs Arbuthnot and Mrs Wilkins   become acquainted.
Who belong but have never spoken.
They find some common ground.
That both are struggling to make the best.
Having decided to seek other ladies to help share expenses  they reluctantly take.
The four women come together and find rejuvenation in the tranquil beauty of their surroundings  rediscovering hope and love.
<EOS>
The film was based.
Who was sent for criticizing the Nazi Party.
A small German village is taken over by a platoon of stormtroopers loyal to Hitler.
The SS go.
The pastor  a kind and gentle man  will not be intimidated.
The pastor takes his convictions.
Some villagers join the Nazi Party avidly so and just go along  hoping for a quiet life.
The pastor is sent to Dachau concentration camp.
<EOS>
The script is based.
The action consisted.
<EOS>
ACP Karan Malhotra has declared.
He will eliminate all gangsters within two months.
Gangster Kabir bhai decides to eliminate ACP Karan instead.
So in comes Vijju  a hitman.
Who returns after a long exile in Paris  France in order to perform one last job.
ACP Karan is trying to woo his old college friend Tanya.
The gangsters and Vijju try to take down ACP Karan.
Tanya s friend Amrita is trying to figure out the relationship.
Vijju later reveals and is rather trying to protect his son  ACP Karan.
He is not the contract killer.
The story rolls.
One goes against his decision of roping in Vijju and attempts to shoot Karan.
He misses narrowly and returns  facing mockery from Vijju.
Meanwhile Vijju meets his estranged wife Sita and tries to patch the relationship.
Kabir s aide attempts once again and is successful to pump some bullets  failing Vijju s attempts to stop him from going to the place of.
A hurt and angry Vijju then admits Karan and visits Kabir bhai s den.
Vijju informs.
The den is surrounded.
A fierce shoot-out ensues.
Which Vijju kills all the gangsters.
A surprised Kabir bhai is shot by Vijju.
He leaves his aide.
The movie ends.
Where Vijju asks his wife to decide if she would reveal his identity.
He also says either his wife or son are ever.
He would come back.
It would mean.
He does not come back.
He has passed away  given his old age.
Sita responds Bbuddah  Hoga Terra Baap.
<EOS>
Newt goes AWOL to convince her to marry him.
When he hears that the girl next door is getting married.
<EOS>
Happy End is.
Who becomes involved.
Bora s home life is a snore  she s mother  Seo Min-ki has lost his job  leaving Bora as the family s sole breadwinner.
It s unclear.
Bora is just for the sex or for the passion  both of which Seo seems incapable of giving.
But it seems  he knows.
The jobless Seo has nt been just wandering and reading romance novels as first thought.
Something is going on.
He s collecting evidence.
Seo has been emasculated.
Jung hammers this point home showing Seo grocery shopping  cooking  and doing the laundry.
These are all very feminine jobs.
Most interesting is.
Seo seems content to live  very much aware of his own shortcomings  which leaves him willing to be wronged.
Bora is unable to stop going back and emotionally damaged by their continued affair.
Though she seems physically.
Kim has realized  and is very aware toward her and her family.
He is hooked.
They have no passion in their lives  and so they must keep going back to each other.
The film is not altogether downbeat.
Happy End ends rather unhappily.
Director Jung Ji-woo has taken the role  using mostly handheld cameras to capture the events in the lives of his 3 main subjects.
The film is sexually explicit.
There is one scene.
Part was shot at a branch of ECC.
Bora was a director of an English Hak won or cram school.
The Seong Nam branch was used.
It was an actual English tutoring school.
Bora is showing a mother.
Her child one taught by an American instructor.
The mother was the real school s manager of foreign teachers.
The English instructor was an actual American teacher hired.
His name is James Reynolds.
He works now.
He said.
He was paid $ 150 dollars.
<EOS>
Danny ONeill  Fred Astaire  and Hank Taylor  Burgess Meredith  are friends and rival trumpeters.
Both have managed to prolong their college career  by failing seven years in a row.
Ellen Miller  Paulette Goddard  catches Danny and Hank s eye.
She serves them   but  the fast talkers soon have her working for them  as their manager.
Tired  Artie Shaw  playing himself  comes to woo Ellen away  as his booking manager.
She tries to get Danny and Hank an audition  but  their jealous hi-jinks get.
Them both fired.
Sick.
Of interfering producers  Ellen nevertheless talks Shaw.
Lester Chisholm  Charles Butterworth  back a concert.
It looks.
The gig is up  when Hank pretends to be Ellen s jealous husband  and then brother.
But  talking fast  they get Chisholm back  and Danny s song  in the show.
All is keep Chisholm and his mandolin.
They have to do.
He s insisting.
The only question is.
Whether Hank or Chisholm got the champagne glass.
Danny finally acts professionally  arranging his number  for the show   instead of like a perpetual sophomore  and  they re going to get married.
Shaw says has really grown up.
Danny is head.
The music starts.
<EOS>
The film centers.
Who developed prosopagnosia.
The killer closes in.
She lives.
<EOS>
He learns.
When tennis player Shad Hart goes to enter the Mayflower tournament to face his nemesis Colt Skyler.
Skyler s father raised the cost.
He raises the money.
The money is stolen.
<EOS>
Logan Cates sets out to rescue a white woman captured and prevent a war.
He is joined by a few civilians and a small band of soldiers at a water hole.
They are ambushed and laid siege by Apache.
A storm arrives.
Enables Cates to put an escape plan.
<EOS>
Auto Shankar  played  is an auto driver belonging to the middle class section of the society.
He is friendly and jovial.
Maya   is brought up.
Who is a.
She is portrayed.
She is unscrupulous and has designed crude methods to recover the money.
She is also the daughter.
Shankar defends the poor and fights the moneylenders.
Several interesting battles follow.
The Maya loses all her property and prestige.
It is also revealed.
She is not really the daughter.
She then learns a lesson.
Reforms her attitude.
She makes amends.
Shankar embraces her.
Shankar finally fights.
All the gangsters led and brings an end to all the injustice being imposed on the poor.
<EOS>
The film opens  and tells the story of the Egyptian Queen Cleopatra and her relationship with the Roman general Mark Anthony from that time until their mutual suicide in 31 BC.
It also stars William Lundigan.
<EOS>
A scientist named.
Dr Sanjay Susra Mehra creates a computer program.
The scientific community mocks him.
When he believes he has finally gotten a response.
An alien spacecraft appears overhead.
Driving home.
Dr Mehra looks out the window  exclaims  UFO.
His pregnant wife grabs the steering wheel  causing the car to hit a stone  flip over and explode.
Dr Mehra dies.
His wife  thrown out  survives the wreck and returns home to India.
He is developmentally disabled.
When their son Rohit is born.
His mother raises him.
Where he grows up to be a man.
Rohit has a number.
Who play.
He befriends a young woman named Nisha.
Nisha is sympathetic and humors him  knowing about his mental disability from his mother.
Who chastises Nisha s suitor Raj.
Rohit and Nisha find Sanjay s old ` Om  computer and summon the aliens.
The visiting aliens leave  leaving one behind by accident.
Rohit  Nisha and Rohit s friends find and befriend the alien  naming him Jadoo.
When they discover his psychokinesis abilities.
Jadoo discovers  so he uses his powers to enhance the boy s mind.
Rohit is mentally subnormal.
Rohit finds.
Himself accepted.
Raj and his buddies attempt to embarrass Rohit multiple times  only to be beaten.
Rohit s physical strength and agility was increased along.
Rohit and his young friends also receive a little help during the basketball game  with humorous results.
Nisha and Rohit spend more and more time together.
Ultimately Rohit proposes.
She accepts.
Jadoo s presence is kept secret but Rohit s friends and mother.
The government however  never gave up for aliens.
Police capture Jadoo  rescued.
Who is then.
He summons the aliens to return.
Jadoo flees  apparently taking Rohit s new mental and physical powers with him.
Rohit again is mentally disabled.
Saves him by the government.
Jadoo returns and restores Rohit s new abilities permanently.
Everything dies back down.
Nisha and Rohit lead a happy life together on.
<EOS>
Brown plays Gink Schiner  a third-rate fighter.
Who is.
Georges keeps getting distracted  Norine Lloyd  a society dame  has a distinct interest.
He needs to be concentrating all on the upcoming bout.
The interest is strictly.
Georges prefers Sue  an old buddy and confidante.
Gink has woman trouble.
His flirtations do not sit at all.
More trouble arrives.
When Larkin  manager  appears at the camp with the goal of fixing the fight.
He is sent packing  -- a plan.
Which he attempts to slip a Mickey Finn.
Goes awry when Gink switches the drinks.
Meanwhile  Gink   actually wins.
Who is fighting.
Things do nt look so bright.
Who initially gets the worst in his encounter with Morgan  but who eventually comes out on top.
<EOS>
The film begins.
The image emerges.
The sun sets.
The floodlights come on  the building s lights flicker on and off for the next 6 1/2 hours  then the floodlights go off again in the next to the last reel.
That the remainder takes place in nearly total darkness.
<EOS>
A man wakes up  lying on an operating table.
He has no idea.
Where he is and can not even remember who he is.
He jumps up and runs out  searching the area and trying to figure out.
What s going on.
He escapes.
Who try to sedate him and stumbles.
The man keeps trying to figure out and most.
Where he is  what s going on.
Who he is.
He notices.
He has a strange tattoo that says ELI  and abruptly has a memory of a mysterious woman on a serene beach.
Suddenly  doctors and security guards close.
He runs deeper  trying to get to the ground floor and a chance at freedom.
But   he sees a chance to find answers.
When he rounds a corner and catches a glimpse from his memory.
Forsaking all else  he sneaks.
Her  desperate to uncover the truth  however sinister the answers may be.
<EOS>
Private detective Philip Marlowe is asked to the stately home of General Sternwood.
Who hires Marlowe to learn who is blackmailing him.
He meets the General s spoiled and inquisitive daughter Charlotte and wild younger daughter Camilla.
Marlowe s investigation leads him to Geiger s employee  Agnes Lozelle  and to a man  Joe Brody.
She has taken up.
He also discovers Camilla.
Where she has posed.
Returning  Marlowe is interrupted by gambler Eddie Mars.
Who owns the house where Geiger s body was found.
Mars s wife Mona has nt been seen and may have run off with Charlotte s missing husband  Rusty Regan.
And  Mars appears to have a hold over Charlotte as well.
Camilla tries to get her pictures back.
Who now is.
Marlowe intervenes but Brody is shot and killed.
A man named.
Harry Jones comes with a proposition.
He is working now.
She is willing to sell information.
But.
Marlowe shows up.
Who is working.
Marlowe pays Agnes.
He tracks down Canino.
Where he is overpowered and taken prisoner.
Mars  supposedly missing wife Mona is there as well.
When Canino is out.
He then kills Canino.
Camilla Sternwood appears to be grateful.
She ends up pointing a gun.
Marlowe was prepared and had put in blanks.
It turns out.
The emotionally disturbed Camilla was and that Charlotte had covered everything up with Eddie Mars  help.
Marlowe tells her to have Camilla hospitalized.
He then drives away the same way.
He came  hoping that the gravely ill General will never know the truth about his two wicked daughters.
<EOS>
During the Soviet invasion of Afganistan and on the eve of nuclear war  a depressed Rorschach  one of several outlawed vigilante superheroes  begins to investigate.
All former masked superheroes are either dead or have declined.
<EOS>
Army Colonel William Edwards is investigating the case.
He and his unit were held captive.
Cargill willingly admits his guilt and brings forth evidence.
Proves that he signed a germ-warfare confession and broadcast anti-American speeches.
It seems to be an open and shut case  were it.
Arousing further suspicion is the fact.
His collaboration immediately followed the deaths of his soldiers.
The surviving members all recite an identical  rehearsed account of those deaths.
Edwards  commander  General Connors  has a strong personal interest - his son  Captain Joe Connors  was one.
Presses Edwards to recommend a court-martial  but Edwards delves.
The shocking truth comes out.
Lieutenant George Miller reveals.
After Lieutenant Harvey was killed trying to escape  the rest discovered that  under torture  Captain Connors had betrayed him.
They decided to execute Connors  Miller picked the short straw and had to strangle him.
Meanwhile  their captor  Colonel Kim  had given Cargill an ultimatum  give in.
All his men would be executed.
General Connors is crushed.
His son collaborated and calls him a traitor.
Cargill argues  stating.
There must be a time limit.
He denounces the unwritten Code espoused.
General Connors reminds him.
While Cargill anguished.
Edwards agrees.
Although Cargill acted out  Cargill s judgment was flawed.
He recommends  but warns Cargill.
All charges be dropped.
There will be a.
Edwards himself will defend Cargill.
Maybe they wo nt come up  Edwards tells him.
They ll know.
We asked the questions.
<EOS>
A small group have seized the British ambassador to the fictitious country of Scandinavia  and are holding him hostage in his residence.
Scandinavia s head.
Nils Tahlvik  wants to take an uncompromising position.
He is overruled.
Who insist that all be met.
A passenger airplane arriving is hijacked by another small group of terrorists  led by Ray Petrie.
The airplane ends up parked.
Petrie demands.
He be put with Martin Shepherd  leader of the group holding the British ambassador hostage.
Petrie   convinces Shepherd.
Who is known.
His group and his hostages should leave.
Tahlvik and his group make several attempts to thwart the terrorists  plans.
Nothing seems to work out.
Tahlvik figures out.
The terrorists are actually British secret operatives intent on capturing Martin Shepherd  and that the British officials have been misleading the Scandinavian authorities and undermining Tahlvik s efforts to capture the two terrorist groups.
He boards the airplane alone  precipitating a shootout.
Before it is to take off.
Leaves Shepherd and his group dead.
<EOS>
The film is a gangster comedy.
Who becomes involved through the daughter of a crime boss.
A businessman and a young woman wake up together with no knowledge of.
They got there.
Next the business man is confronted.
Who are members.
The brothers demand.
The business man make an honorable woman.
<EOS>
John Bourgignon is an amiable chauffeur and would-be drummer.
Who is engaged.
Bourgignon s sleazy film-director friend blackmails the senator.
The wedding date approaches.
Bourgignon runs afoul and later finds himself kicked out onto the nighttime city streets while handcuffed to a dead man.
Worst  a local aerobics studio has become the front for an inept religious cult.
Has targeted the senator  and attempts to drug and brainwash Bourgignon into killing his future father-in-law during the wedding ceremony.
With the questionable help of his even more hapless friend  Bourgignon more or less saves the day  and more or less lives happily ever after.
<EOS>
The film follows a band back home.
They train.
Where they are preparing.
Teaching them  is very demanding commander Ensign Dygalo - a veteran war.
Who lost all in battle.
Recruits became true friends and real soldiers  they befriend a local woman.
Who is more than happy to support the morale.
They greet soldiers returning home.
One gives Lyutyy the talisman.
But.
The veterans gets hit.
All veterans were killed.
Main heroes befriend.
Who were Dygalo s friends.
The story ends against the mujahideen.
Only Lyutyy survives.
The film is loosely based.
Took place in early 1988  during the last large-scale Soviet military operation Magistral.
Numerous Soviet armored vehicles and aircraft appear.
Are rarely seen or depicted.
Only one soldier from the company survives unscathed.
The company is said to have been forgotten.
345th Independent Guards Airborne Regiment was pinned down under heavy fire on Hill 3234 from 7-8 January.
They managed to stop 3 attacks.
The company lost a total.
Another were seriously wounded.
Four were posthumously awarded the golden star of the Hero of the Soviet Union.
The unit was and got everything.
The regimental commander  Colonel Valery Vostrotin  could provide.
Schofield  The Russian Elite  Greenhill  1993  pp.
.
<EOS>
Wai-Tung Gao and Simon are a happy gay couple living.
Wai-Tung is  so his Taiwanese parents are eager to see him get married and have a child.
The early part is madcap comedy.
He and Simon stall by inventing impossible demands.
When Wai-Tung s parents hire a dating service.
Chinese opera singers are always men  so they demand an opera singer and add  must have two PhD s and should speak five languages.
She must be very tall.
The service actually locates a.
75 m Chinese woman.
Who sings Western opera  speaks five languages and has a single PhD.
She is very gracious.
When Wai-Tung explains his dilemma  as she  too  is hiding a relationship.
Wai-Tung decides to get married to one of his tenants  Wei-Wei  a penniless artist from mainland China in need of a green card.
Simon and Wai-Tung hope.
This will placate Wai-Tung s parents.
Mr and Mrs Gao decide to fly  bringing US$ 30000 to hold a magnificent wedding ceremony for their son.
Wai-Tung dares not tell his parents the truth   they go through.
His father has just recovered.
However  the heartbreak prepares the story to drama.
His mother experiences.
The only way to atone is a magnificent wedding banquet.
Wei-Wei seduces the drunken Wai-Tung  and becomes pregnant.
Simon is extremely upset.
When he finds out.
His relationship begins to deteriorate.
After a fight with both Simon and Wei-Wei  Wai-Tung admits the truth to his mother.
She is shocked and insists.
He not tell his father.
The perceptive Mr Gao sees more  he secretly tells  takes Simon.
He is letting on.
Simon that he knows  and  appreciating the considerable sacrifices he made for his biological son.
Simon accepts the Hongbao.
Mr Gao makes   he points out  he d never have gotten a grandchild.
Him promise not to tell anyone.
Wei-Wei decides to keep the baby  and asks Simon to stay together with Wai-Tung and be the baby s other father.
Mrs Gao has clearly forged an emotional bond to daughter-in-law.
Wai-Tung s parents prepare to fly home.
Mr Gao accepts Simon and warmly shakes his hand.
Both derive some happiness from the situation.
They walk off to board the aircraft  leaving the unconventional family to sort itself out.
<EOS>
Fred Madison  a Los Angeles saxophonist  receives a message  Dick Laurent is dead.
Police sirens are heard.
When he looks out his window the streets are empty and faint.
Fred then plays his saxophone.
His wife Renee does not join him.
Fred calls his house.
She does not answer.
Arriving home later  Fred sees Renee asleep and  she tells him.
When he later asks her where she was.
She never left the house all evening.
One night   Fred sees Renee s face.
The two have sex.
The next morning  there is a mysterious package.
Arrives. 
More tapes arrive  showing the interior and even shots of them in bed sleeping.
The days pass.
Fred and Renee call the police.
The two detectives Al and Ed say but agree to keep.
There s nothing they can do.
That evening  Fred and Renee go out.
There  Fred meets a Mystery Man  wearing all black clothing.
Who looks.
He tells Fred.
He is right now.
Fred phones his house and the voice answers.
He s standing right.
Fred walks away and asks Andy.
Who the Mystery Man is and is told that he is a friend.
Back home the next morning  another tape arrives.
Fred watches it alone.
It contains images of him killing Renee.
He is then arrested.
Tried  found guilty and sentenced  Fred is locked away on death row.
Fred is plagued by frequent headaches and is perplexed by strange visions of the Mystery Man  a burning cabin in the desert and a strange man driving down a dark highway.
One morning   the prison guards are shocked to find.
The man is not Fred.
The man is discovered to be Pete Dayton a young auto mechanic.
He is released and taken home to their house in Van Nuys  at the same time  Pete is being followed by two detectives named Hank and Lou to find out.
Pete has committed no crime.
And how Pete ended up.
Pete goes out that evening.
The next day  Pete returns to work.
Where he is welcomed back.
Pete is called on  to fix his Mercedes.
.
Mr Eddy takes Pete.
Where Pete witnesses him wave a tailgater on  then ram and beat up the driver.
Pete goes out that evening.
Who questions him.
The next day  Mr Eddy returns to repair.
Alice returns to the garage and invites him out for dinner.
Soon  Pete and Alice begin a secret liaison  meeting every night.
Alice begins to fear and gets Pete to agree.
Mr Eddy suspects her and Pete.
They can leave town.
Pete enters.
Andy s house unlocked by Alice and  while searching the house  discovers a projector playing a porn film featuring her.
Pete ambushes Andy and accidentally kills him.
He and Alice escape.
Arriving  Alice reveals to Pete.
He forced her to do the films.
Alice then seduces Pete and says  You ll never have me.
Pete suddenly transforms back.
Who searches the desert cabin and meets the Mystery Man again.
Alice is actually Renee  and that if she said her name is Alice  then she is lying.
Fred drives.
Where Mr Eddy and Renee are having sex  and waits to exit the motel.
Fred breaks into Mr Eddy s room  grabs him and takes him away in his Mercedes to the desert.
Where Fred beats him up.
The Mystery Man suddenly appears and shows Mr Eddy.
Renee have been having an affair.
The Mystery Man then shoots Mr Eddy dead and whispers something.
The Mystery Man disappears.
Fred drives off.
Fred drives to his old house  buzzes the intercom and says -- the message.
Dick Laurent is dead.
He received earlier.
The two detectives  Al and Ed  appear.
When they see Fred standing.
Seeing the two detectives moving in to arrest him  Fred runs back and drives off with the detectives in close pursuit.
Fred speeds down the highway pursued.
It gets dark.
<EOS>
Sorceress Lina Inverse and her traveling companion/arch-rival Naga the Serpent arrive and become involved in the rivalry between a father and son with very different ideas on.
Where the art is highly prized.
Golems should be made.
The two sorceresses find themselves the central attractions.
When two rival lords seek the aid to build golem armies to enhance their power and prestige.
Interestingly  the two main antagonists bear remarkable similarity to two characters in Slayers Next.
Who are also fighting each other.
The movie begins the Serpent eating.
Stampedes. 
They can finish their meal a golem  which is shaped.
Someone else gets.
The golem can trample.
The two sorceresses recite a spell and send the golem flying.
The civilian s name is Laia Einberg  she takes the two sorceresses.
Laia introduces Lina and Naga.
Who are golem makers.
Laia s brother Huey becomes infatuated.
Laia s father Garia takes a liking.
Huey and Garia use the sorceresses.
People create golems for the golem competition.
Which golems battle each other.
Lina and Naga are very competitive.
They end up battling it out again -- only.
The movie ends up with Lina and Naga wrecking the town.
<EOS>
A shy  gentle man named.
Clifford Skridlow is a professor.
A chance encounter changes his life forever.
Smooth Walker  their pimp  is due to his enormous debt to the gruff Mom  a Chicago mob boss.
Smooth invents a fictitious business partner  the flamboyant Doctor Detroit.
Cliff is conned into becoming Smooth Walker s patsy.
He transforms himself  embarking on a dangerous mission to protect the girls from Mom.
He also must keep this secret.
Simultaneously attempting to secure a large endowment.
Cliff becomes a hero  but puts his life at grave risk.
<EOS>
Astronomer Shinichi Tachibana  has a secret identity and has many children as friends.
Iron-Sharp drives the aliens away.
When they are attacked.
Tachibana is also resourceful.
He helps develop an electric barrier to block the aliens.
They announce.
They will invade the Earth  throwing the world.
Destroy entire cities.
They invade the aliens.
Iron-Sharp destroys multiple enemy ships.
Japan fires a nuclear missile  destroying it.
<EOS>
The peaceful planet  has been conquered by the steel-skinned warriors the Gavanas and turned the planet into a military fortress.
Kido  leader  sends out eight Leyabe seeds to find those.
Who can liberate Jilutia.
Kido s granddaughter  Princess Emeralida  and the warrior Urrocco follow the seeds.
Emperor Rockseia dismisses the Jilutians  efforts.
Warned that the Leyabe seeds were also sent out into space.
Flees the planet.
Such the Gavanas pursue the Jilutian.
Meanwhile  space hotrodders Shiro and Aaron race each other through an asteroid belt.
They are spotted.
Who is being chauffeured.
Maya s chauffeurs radio the police.
Patrolman Fox pursues the duo  followed by Patrolman Fox  stunt-flying through rocky canyons and tunnels.
All three ships ultimately crash.
Examining their spacecraft  however  they both find Leyabe seeds  mystified.
What the seeds are  and how they got there.
The story shifts.
General Garuda  mourning the mandatory deactivation  has ordered a rocket to launch its remains into deep space.
Garuda s commanding officer angrily censures Garuda.
The General is unperturbed  having already decided.
Garuda leaves the base in disillusionment.
Later   Garuda finds a Leyabe seed.
Drinking heavily.
After a brush with nasty brutish gangster Big Sam  cowardly and high-strung Jack finds a leyabe seed in his tomato.
Jack pressures Shiro and Aaron to repay him the money.
The borrowed to fix their ships - which Jack had borrowed.
Aaron and Shiro recognize the seed.
None have any idea.
What the seeds are or how this seed got.
Their money problems are soon resolved.
When Mayah appears.
She too is a roughrider pilot and knows Shiro and Aaron and agrees to help them.
They take her.
Shiro and Aaron are willing but Jack is horrified  knowing.
The area is forbidden territory.
He warns Aaron and Shiro.
Mayah is going to be nothing but trouble.
The four travel.
Instead  they find the inert wreckage inside.
However  the Gavanas  spacecraft-carrier arrives  driving Jilutians and Humans to flee.
The Gavanas destroys both the Jilutian galleon and Patrolman Fox s ship.
The survivors return on Milazeria.
Police spacecraftalerted by the destruction of Patrolman Fox s spacecraft  fill the sky.
Jack  loudly fearing the trouble  blames Emeralida and Urrocco.
He has gotten.
Emeralida is demure.
Emeralida grabs Jack s arm and throws him.
Jack continues to harass her and Mayah.
A fight ensues against Urrocco  but is qbruptly ended.
When their three Leyabe seeds fall.
Emeralida sees them and immediately recognizes.
Shiro  Jack and Aaron have been chosen.
Garuda   is wakened.
Who had been drunknely sleeping nearby.
Hiding  Garuda sees the Leyabe seeds of the other three men and is reminded about his own seed.
Urrocco is incredulous  nevertheless Emeralida is convinced.
The ignoble trio have been selected.
Garuda and Beba-2 come out from the back.
Garuda apologetically admits.
He wandered  and shows Emeralida his seed as well.
Emeralida explains.
Jilutia was invaded and enslaved.
She points out.
The Leyabe have divinely selected the eight to liberate their planet.
The others are sympathetic but unwilling to get involved.
Garuda points out.
Emeralida needs soldiers.
Handing her his Leyabe seed leaves.
The robot  seeing the light  vainly trying to change Garuda s mind  reminding him wanted.
It s what Beba-1 would have.
Urrocco exhorts Emeralida to find the others.
Who would have received the Leyabe seeds  while Mayah pushes Jack  Aaron and Shiro to help the Jilutians.
Jack then tells Urrocco and Emeralida  they are `.
He knows where the other Leyabe seed recipients are.
Jack will bring Urrocco and Emeralida.
Mayah is ecstatic.
Tracking down the other seeds  Urrocco  Emeralida and Jack find themselves.
The old woman examines the Leyabe seed  and tells the others she had seen with the same seeds.
Emeralida stays indoors.
The others go.
The old woman calls.
He is.
Conceals his face and hands.
The old woman hands Jack and Urrocco cups.
They leave.
She has drugged.
The three are walking in the darkness.
When Urrocco becomes dizzy and disoriented.
Jack   grabs a large rock and hits Urrocco.
Who is.
Urrocco goes down but is still conscious  he realizes.
Jack readily admits it.
Urrocco tries to resist the drug and draws his sword.
Their guide shoots Urrocco  sending his body tumbling down a steep gulley.
The guide hands Jack a satchel with money  his payment.
He realizes.
Jack is putting it.
The Leyabe seed is still.
He examines it  then hurls the seed away.
The Guide soon returns.
The old woman ominously remarks.
Urrocco wo nt be coming back.
She then reveals the truth  she bribed Jack to give Emeralida for her son.
Who is revealed to be the Guide.
Wuth his robe removed  he is revealed.
Emeralida is horrified and is soon disarmed.
The mutant himself is killed.
When a brigade enter the crone s home and capture the princess.
Urrocco wakes and learns.
Emeralida has been captured.
Back  the two of them are having a party with Jack and Mayah.
Mayah  still thinking  is ecstatic.
They re helping the Jilutians.
She dances.
Jack is also chipper and dancing.
Aaron and Shiro are silent and glum.
Sword drawn and ready for blood.
He tries to attack the men  but falls down unconscious  looking badly beaten.
Jack confesses his scheme.
Points were in on the plan.
All three defend themselves  pointing out.
Mayah s father grew rich profiteering.
Aaron hurls his Leyabe seed  ordering Shiro to do the same.
Angrily leaving  Mayah flies away.
She hears a rattling and finds a Leyabe seed glowing orange.
Back  Aaron  Jack and Shiro are plagued by nightmares about the Gavanas killing Emeralida and the Jilutians.
Shiro and Jack s Leyabe seeds come back into their hands  glowing orange.
They awake.
Aaron s seed has not returned.
Mayah comes.
The three rejoice.
Aaron is irate.
His seed has not come back  and is.
Back  Emeralida is brought into the Gavanas  base headquarters.
Rockseia and Emeralida have a confrontation.
Rockseia points out.
He wanted Jilutia to remain fertile and rich  but brought desolation when they refused to surrender.
Rockseia s men wheel now on a gurney.
Using a mind probe  Rockseia sees images.
The Gavanas  enraptured  keep extracting memories of Earth.
The old crone dies.
Earth will now be the Gavanas  next conquest.
Using huge engines built  Jilutia is propelled towards Earth.
Nearing Earth  the Gavanas demand it become a tributary planet.
Earth forces fight back fiercely but can not stop the Gavanas  forces.
Rockseia gives Earth to accept his surrender offer.
The new Chairman seeks the drunk General Garuda in a bar.
Noguchi appeals can buy time for a renewed defense.
Garuda refuses.
He realizes  and agrees to go.
When Garuda once again finds a Leyabe seed.
His destiny is to defend the Earth.
Back  Jack tells the others  prompting the others to go to Jilutia as well.
Garuda - the drunken soldier they met - is now envoy.
Aaron continues to sulk.
The Gavanas space carrier appears and attacks their house.
Jack is captured  galvanizing Aaron to fly to Jack s rescue.
Aaron finally finds his returned Leyabe seed sitting.
Jack  Shiro and Aaron fly to Jilutia  with Mayah s ship now modified to carry Shiro.
Aaron s ships mounted.
Mayah s Leyabe seed explodes  causing the ship to crash on a planet in the Bernard system.
They see.
What they first think is a Gavanas warrior  albeit one  but more importantly one wearing a Leyabe seed around his neck.
The Gavanas warrior introduces himself.
He explains.
Rockseia killed his father the king and his mother  and took the throne.
Back  Garuda arrives as the Earth envoy and greets the Emperor and Empress.
Rockseia brings.
Jack acts tough  but reveals his cowardice  begging Garuda to save him.
When he sees Garuda.
To save face  Garuda picks a fight.
Rockseia agrees.
They may duel.
The Gavanas warrior panics  firing.
He has taken the required 10 steps.
Garuda nevertheless continues his ten paces  and turns.
The warrior quakes aims at the defenseless warrior.
Garuda declines to shoot.
Instead  Rockseia kills the warrior.
He brought.
Garuda tries persuading Rockseia.
Earth needs time to prepare its population.
Rockseia dismisses Garuda s request.
He destroys Earth s moon to Earth.
The Empress notes.
Still fears.
What he might be capable.
Garuda  Jack and Beba-2 leave Jilutia but then turn around.
Nearing the planet.
All three parachute.
Urrocco  Mayah  Shiro and Aaron fly towards Jilutia  with Shiro and Aaron s ships attached to Mayah s.
Mayah uses.
The ` chicken run  approach also used earlier  heading directly downwards at high speed.
To confuse the Gavanas  Shiro and Aaron separate their ships.
The three ships pull up and continue to fly through a rocky canyon.
The Gavanas  studying their radar  decide.
It was a meteor that hit the surface.
The three ships then re-dock their spacecraft.
Urrocco finds the Jilutian survivors hiding in the hull of another space galleon.
Urrocco and the others meet Jack  Garuda and.
When the Jilutians come out.
They realize.
There are now six Leyabe warriors  but wonder who the other two might be.
He lays a wreath formed with eight additional Leyabe seeds on a pool of water.
The wreath then shows a vision.
Kido explains  the only way to destroy the Gavanas  base is.
Then the Gavanas  base will be destroyed too.
The reactor furnaces are destroyed.
Unfortunately  this will also destroy Jelutia.
Shiro and Aaron boast.
The Gavanas  tunnel is 10 metres wide.
They can fly their spacecraft.
They also doubt.
The Gavanas would expect anybody would risk such an attack.
Urrocco is deeply horrified and enraged.
The Jilutians are resigned.
He runs away  in great distress.
Later  Gavanas warriors find the Jilutian camp.
Garuda forcefully insists the Jilutians lay down their weapons.
The others are willing to fight.
They are captured.
The captives are led back.
Where Rockseia addresses them using a giant hologram.
He tells the prisoners.
He knows all  because one of them is a traitor - Urrocco.
Urrocco enters and is handed a rifle to execute them.
He angrily explains.
Their situation was hopeless  that they should have subjugated themselves.
Now they would go as far.
Destroy the very planet where they live.
He lifts his rifle to fire  but can not bring himself to do it.
Urrocco is moved.
When the Leyabe seeds that the seven have begin to glow.
He turns.
The Jilutians rise up.
Prince Hans draws his sword.
Urrocco is mortally wounded but lives long enough to find a glowing Leyabe seed  learning.
He dies that he is the eighth Leyabe warrior.
Prince Hans tells the Jilutians to evacuate.
He fights his way deeper.
Mayah  Shiro and Aaron get back  and escape.
The Gavanas also launch their fighters.
The trio s stunt flying skills and sharp maneuvers enable them to survive.
The Jilutians storm the space galleon  and seize it.
Is occupied and guarded.
Meanwhile Prince Hans fights his way.
Where he engages Rockseia.
Hans ultimately stabs Rockseia  the energy from Hans  sword surges into Rockseia  throwing him through the window of his tower Shiro and Aaron are flying their ships over Jilutia.
They see the entrance.
They enter.
The tunnel pursued  but manage to outfly them with their superior skills.
Reaching the reactor  the humans destroy it  and then try to reach the surface.
The entire planet begins to erupt.
Garuda  Beba-2  Jack  Prince Hans  Emeralida and all the Jilutians make it.
Kido does not join them  telling her.
He will die.
The space galleon then launches and is joined by Mayah  Shiro and Aaron.
They are pursued.
They escape.
The trio launch a suicide attack  flying into it.
The collison causes the space carrier to explode and crash.
This is followed.
Shiro  Aaron and Mayah awake the space galleon  are surprised.
They are still alive.
Emeralida explains.
It is a miracle.
Earth offers the Jilutians asylum.
The survivors graciously promise to find a world.
<EOS>
Goodbye  20th Century.
The first takes place.
Where the world has become an environment and ruin.
A man named.
Kuzman is sentenced by a nomadic tribe.
Their attempts to fatally shoot the condemned man are a failure.
Fated to live forever  Kuzman wanders the wasteland.
He encounters an enigmatic figure who offers him information.
TV Guide Online review.
The second story is a three-minute segment that takes place.
Presented  the scene devolves into violence.
When it is discovered the newlyweds are actually brother and sister.
<EOS>
A singing trio goes out on tour entertaining wounded soldiers.
They get involved.
Who is.
<EOS>
American sailor David Martens   visits his brother Jack s grave.
He meets fashion designer Sally Meadows.
Who works with Jack s ex-fiancee  Diana  a model.
Successful stylist Kingsley Beauchamp and financial backer Madame Dupont own the company.
Where Sally and Diana are employed.
Expensive jewels are to be worn.
When she models a new dress.
Beauchamp hires two men  Costard and Podd  to break after hours and steal the gems.
Diana stumbles kills her.
He knocks David unconscious and decides to frame him  crashing a car with David inside  reporting it stolen and placing a ruby bracelet in David s pocket.
Beauchamp and Costard dispose.
The police make David a prime suspect.
They decide.
He suspects them  using gas.
Sally saves him.
Diana s body is found.
David goes and discovers the missing dress worn by Diana.
He knows  so he hurries.
Beauchamp is about to fly.
Costard is there  being.
Podd smuggles the jewels.
The police arrive to arrest all three.
<EOS>
Betty and Pudgy are  trying to get her pet pigeons back in their cage.
One stubborn bird refuses to return  despite Betty s please.
Pudgy  imagining himself a might hunting dog  attempts to catch the bird.
The little dog eventually wanders.
When the pigeon gives Pudgy the slip.
Where he falls asleep.
The pigeon takes pity  and flies him back to Betty s home.
He tears up the picture in frustration.
When Pudgy wakes up.
<EOS>
Iris is a young woman working.
She loses the tip in an accident at work and leaves her job.
She moves and comes across a job working for a strange laboratory.
Which people have ` specimens  preserved.
<EOS>
Milian plays Rambo  an.
Who seeks revenge.
<EOS>
Leigh Ann is a high school student.
Who wants to achieve top grades to become valedictorian and leave the town.
However  her grade is threatened by her sadistic and thoroughly vindictive teacher  Mrs Tingle.
Mrs Tingle has a special dislike.
Fellow student Luke takes the final exam papers and makes a copy.
He offers Leigh Ann the papers.
She insists.
Ultimately  Luke stashes the papers without her consent.
Mrs Tingle happens by  discovers the papers in Leigh Ann s backpack  and threatens to expel her for cheating.
Leigh Ann and her two friends  Luke and Jo Lynn  head that night and try to convince Mrs Tingle.
Leigh Ann is innocent.
Mrs Tingle  however  does not listen.
Luke picks up a loaded crossbow and aims it  threatening her.
A physical struggle ensues  the crossbow goes off.
Mrs Tingle is accidentally knocked unconscious.
The students panic and tie Mrs Tingle.
Regaining consciousness  Mrs Tingle feigns dizziness and understanding  and asks to be untied   upon.
Jo Lynn proceeds to do.
Mrs Tingle immediately attacks Jo Lynn and tries to throttle her.
Luke   convinces her otherwise.
She is retied.
The next morning Jo Lynn calls the school and impersonates Mrs Tingle calling.
Order to buy the trio some time.
All are unsure.
What they should do next.
Mrs Tingle eventually reveals.
She hates Leigh Ann because Leigh Ann has   the potential to leave their small town and experience life.
Mrs Tingle s romantic self-revelations are incredulous  furthering her captors  disdain.
Mrs Tingle plays mind-games  planting seeds of jealousy about Leigh Ann s supposed relationship with Luke.
Later  she also opines   an angry and infuriated Leigh Ann kisses Luke and has sex downstairs with him on Mrs Tingle s couch.
Leigh Ann does not have the guts to do anything risky that might get her.
Luke and Leigh Ann find.
Mrs Tingle s history grade book  and with little persuasion  decides to cheat changing the Mrs Tucker s grade book.
Leigh Ann marks and upgrades her own C to an A.
The next day ignores Leigh Ann.
She had a crush  which Leigh Ann had been aware  on Luke.
A regretful Leigh Ann tries to make amends.
An admission further infuriates Jo Lynn.
She d had sex.
Leigh Ann  Luke  and Jo Lynn decide to blackmail Mrs Tingle.
However  Mrs Tingle escapes and  using the loaded crossbow  once again threatens Leigh Ann.
They can enact their plot.
She appears to tumble to her death down the staircase  but quickly recovers  scrambles to her feet  and picks up a crossbow.
She fires it wildly  trying to hit Leigh Ann.
Trudie Tucker walks  gets hit in the chest by the bolt  and appears to be dead.
As Principal Potter arrives to check up.
Leigh Ann forces Mrs Tingle to confess everything.
She wanted Leigh Ann to fail  and that she shot Trudie  among other things.
Meanwhile  Trudie has been protected.
She was holding.
Mrs Tingle is fired.
The final scene shows Leigh Ann being named valedictorian.
<EOS>
The film is composed  each following a different couple  Giovinezza  Roberto and Sara  Maturita  Fabio and Eliana  Oltre  Adrian and Viola.
The characters are all related.
The film is set.
<EOS>
Frank Detorre  a widowed slovenly zookeeper is upset of his young daughter  Shane.
He eats compulsively unhealthily and has no regard.
Frank picks it up and disgustingly eats it and uses the ten second rule.
Trying to eat a hard-boiled egg before a chimpanzee drops it in its filth.
Osmosis Ozzy Jones  an agent of the FPD  is a funny  adventure-seeking white blood cell and a rebel cop  frequently disobeying authority to do.
What he thinks is right.
He grew up poor and is often mocked by his fellow cops due to his rebellious nature.
He has been relocated to fight against germs entering the body via ingestion.
He induced Frank to vomit all.
Ozzy and his senior partner   are pulled by a massive yawn while in pursuit.
Several newcomer germs  believed to be gingivitis  hijack a squad car there.
Who is piloting their helicopter.
Ozzy disobeys direct orders and continues the pursuit.
The germs evade capture and pass.
The germs escape and Ozzy accidentally triggers a major cramp.
Meanwhile   a virus named.
Frank s saliva cells work.
Thrax emerges and goes to recruit some sweat germs for his big plan to launch a deadly infection with posing as a common cold while plotting something bigger.
Meanwhile  Mayor Phlegmming is preparing  campaigning with the promise of more junk food and a trip to Buffalo  New York.
His reckless policies are largely responsible.
Phlegmming tells Frank to take a cold-suppressant pill.
Nicknamed Drix  arrives and covers Frank s infected throat with a disinfectant to soothe the irritation.
Ozzy is assigned.
Thrax starts his plan by flooding the nose with snot.
Jones accidentally let a pollen ball get away.
Back  the mayor threatens to send Jones down the next nosebleed.
He ca nt keep quiet.
He decides to stay.
Drix is offered a different partner.
Who has bad times.
Years ago  Frank ate some oysters at his daughter s science fair.
Jones saw.
Some remaining bacteria emerge.
Feeling  he instead hit the puke button.
There was nt time to call.
The results were bad  Frank lost his job  the teacher issued a 200-yard restraining order.
He puked on.
Osmosis got.
Suspended and has been placed ever since.
Drix says.
Jones was justified as oysters are a breeding ground for dangerous bacteria of any type.
They later learn.
Thrax is more dangerous.
His current whereabouts are a zit.
Posing  Ozzy and Drix enter and discover Thrax s plot to overheat Frank s body  killing him from the inside.
He wants to become the nastiest new virus  attempting to kill each new victim faster.
His plan  breaking all of his previous records.
Ozzy and Drix confront him.
Where Ozzy launches a grenade at him and his cronies  popping the skin blemish  killing nearly all of his men  and seemingly ending his siege.
Frank  meanwhile  tries to persuade Mrs Boyd to lift the restraining order.
He can go.
The zit pops  making her refusal official.
Back  Phlegmming argues with Ozzy and Drix.
Who are fired and ordered to leave Frank s body  respectively.
Thrax survives the explosion and.
They recruit help.
Arriving there  he uses his virus infecting finger to destroy the protoplasmic barrier  and retrieve a DNA bead.
Leah Estrogen  the mayor s less-oblivious secretary and Ozzy s love interest  discovers his work and alerts security.
He manages to evade them  taking Leah hostage and escaping to the mouth.
Ozzy  in a movie theater showing dreams from the brain  discovers.
Thrax is alive and.
The dream becomes a nightmare.
He s watching.
He rushes to stop Drix and manages to convince him to help stop Thrax once and for all.
Meanwhile  the temperature continues to rise  causing destruction.
Frank is taken under the influence of Thrax s attack.
Ozzy and Drix rescue Leah and confront him  using pollen bombs.
Who leaves Frank s mouth.
Ozzy is launched out by Drix.
They fight on one of Shane s eyes and end up in her false eyelashes.
She was wearing.
Thrax threatens to break his own record by killing off Shane.
Osmosis causes him to get stuck onto Shane s eye.
Thrax falls.
The situation becomes even more dangerous  causing Frank to go into cardiac arrest.
When the temperature hits 108 degrees.
He is revived.
As doctors give up.
When Ozzy returns with the chain that holds Frank s missing hypothalamus chromosome.
Ozzy is reinstated with full privileges  he and Drix are declared heroes with the Chief of Police rehiring him.
Leah tells Ozzy.
She loves him.
Drix is allowed to stay with him.
Sometime later  Frank and Shane spend some long needed father-daughter time.
Frank has also since begun to improve his diet and personal hygiene.
Meanwhile  Phlegmming has lost his position and now has a new job  cleaning the bowels as a janitor.
He accidentally ejects himself by touching a button.
Is marked DO NOT TOUCH.
Frank makes a joke on his health by saying  Out with the old  in with the new.
<EOS>
Eddie Tayloe is a reporter assigned.
Worth desk  and has nothing to do.
The two neighboring cities are feuding  therefore.
He dreams.
A small inheritance gives him his chance.
Quitting his job  he begins the long drive.
Picking up hitchhiker Perry Denklin  also looking in New York  he shares with her encounters with various eccentric characters.
The big city does not work out.
He pulls her out.
When Eddie finds Perry working.
They find happiness together  buying a ranch back.
<EOS>
Hari  a village boy and a student is the central character.
He is with the character played by Navya Nair.
He wants to go to do his higher studies in Banaras Hindu University.
He leaves and goes for his studies.
There  he meets another fellow student Amritha  played.
Her step father wants to marry her off and so he asks Hari to take her to a distant place on the bike.
They unknowingly drink Bhang and make love.
Intoxicated. 
The next day engaged.
They both are spotted.
Who injures Hari badly and takes Amritha.
Hari recovers and returns back to him hometown.
He sells off his property and confesses.
He can not accept and explains her what happened.
Navya commits suicide.
Hari goes back and lives a sober life.
Amritha   happens to know about him.
Who was that Hari is dead.
She comes back to see him.
She had given birth.
He is a big boy now.
The couple unite.
<EOS>
Jay and Gal are former soldiers.
Who have become hitmen.
Jay is still suffering and  despite the urging of his wife Shel  he has not worked since.
Gal is laid back.
They are running out.
Shel organises a dinner party  a human resources manager called Fiona.
Which she invites Gal and his latest girlfriend.
Gal reveals.
He has a new job  which Shel encourages him to take.
Meanwhile Fiona goes  carves a symbol on the back of the bathroom mirror and takes a tissue.
Jay had used to mop up his blood.
Jay agrees to take the gig.
The two meet.
The shadowy client who has a list killed and  unexpectedly  cuts Jay s hand leading to the contract being effectively signed in blood.
Their first target  a priest  appears to recognise Jay and thanks him.
The second name turns out to be a maker of child pornography.
Who also thanks Jay before he is beaten.
Gal looks and finds a folder on himself and Jay  including details of their problems in Kiev.
Jay chases down some.
Staking out the final mark  a Member  they witness a strange ceremony in the woods  including a human sacrifice.
They intervene but are outnumbered and get chased.
Where Gal is stabbed by one of the masked pursuers.
Emerging flees to a small country house.
They own where Shel and Sam had gone to hide.
Lit. 
There Shel arms herself.
Jay goes outside to find torches.
The tires slashed.
Meanwhile we see.
Someone is trying to break.
Outside Jay is knocked unconscious.
He finds himself.
He wakes up.
He is confronted.
Jay triumphs  only to discover.
The person he was fighting was his wife.
The cultists begin to clap.
It is seen.
They reveal themselves.
The Client  Fiona  and Jay s doctor are all members.
The film ends.
<EOS>
Linda Blair stars as Carol Henderson  an immature and naive teenager.
Who is sentenced after killing a man by accident after driving drunk.
She meets the vicious and perverted Warden Backman.
She arrives.
She also encounters the two kingpin prisoners  Ericka and Duchess.
Who are the leaders.
There are also the drug-dealing lesbian rapists and the prostitutes.
Who answer.
Taylor s lover is clandestinely having an affair with Ericka.
It s a whirlwind.
Racial considerations are put aside together to fight them.
When the facility s corrupt administration goes too far.
<EOS>
Things take a turn.
New York is never.
When the corrupt co-owner kills his partner  a personal friend of John Shaft  only to discover that the money he was planning to steal so to pay his gambling debts is missing.
He makes a deal.
He owes to split the business.
The bullets start flying.
When the hoods find they ve been played.
Shaft is forced to clean up the mess.
<EOS>
The film is set and is about three sisters  Celine  Anne and Sophie.
It starts.
Which a woman and her young daughter walk and see two people  her father  and a young man who is naked.
He confides.
Sebastian has met Celine a few times much later  following a misunderstanding in which she strips for him as she believes him to be an admirer.
He was the young man  and that her father s imprisonment was actually his fault.
He said and  finally being alone and not knowing what else to do.
He had fallen with her father.
Took off his clothes.
It is revealed.
The girls  father tried to see his daughters when they were young.
He broke and locked her in the kitchen to try to see his daughters and attempts to see them.
They  having been told.
What their father has done.
The mother breaks out.
He assaults her  leaving her to speak.
He then jumps  killing himself.
Anne has an affair with the father of her best friend a Sorbonne professor.
Whom she becomes pregnant.
Sophie s marriage falls apart.
Her husband has an affair.
Celine contacts her sisters  revealed.
Whom she has not seen even though all three live in Paris  and explains the truth of her father s innocence as.
They visit their mother  and explain.
Their father s conviction was a mistake.
She was wrong to vilify him.
She replies.
I have no regrets   implying an ulterior motive.
The audience is left wondering  and thus each share a tortured history of men in their lives.
He cheated  long ago.
<EOS>
Cody Griffin is an adopted teenager.
His biological mother is a mermaid.
Who left him when he was a baby.
She was spotted.
She left.
Who had since became obsessed.
Cody established himself in the town he lives in  attracting the attention of a girl named Sam.
He was.
Meet coming up and because he s failing biology.
He s partnered.
Who was a marine biology expert.
He began to feel strange.
He turned off his alarm clock and zapped it.
He woke up.
Thinking nothing  Cody went downstairs and drank some milk.
Was when he noticed that something was wrong as his hand was stuck.
He went for help.
Who agreed to figure out what s going as long as Cody teaches him to swim in return.
Jess ran various tests and learned  climb walls  talk to fish  swim extremely fast.
Cody can generate electricity.
Sometimes   scales appeared.
When he gets wet.
Eventually  he came.
Cody was turning.
When they found out.
He not only won the meet and beaten Sean  but broke the state speed record  sprouting fins to the scales.
Sean saw the scales and surmised  he followed him to confront Cody.
Cody was cheating.
Cody avoided him.
Sean called out  saying.
He saw something and will find him out.
Cody safely made it out and went home with his parents.
They found out that he was not.
The scales were nt going away.
Cody tried to calm his parents.
Nobody saw the changes.
Jess showed up later and told them.
He saw everything and that people are talking.
Sam showed up and fainted at the sight of his scales.
She was freaked out.
When she came.
Cody told her.
To not be afraid.
Sam was disturbed and left.
Sworn. 
Sometime later  Cody found Sam.
He showed her his regular arms  and told her.
He wanted to show her something.
They went  after a moment  Cody was able to contact his mermaid mother.
Cody suddenly gasped and stumbled back to the shore.
He told Sam to go get his parents.
Lying. 
Cody s legs started to turn  someone throw a blanket over Cody.
She left.
Sam had come back.
Jess came down.
Where Cody was  but saw that he was gone.
He then saw his father s boat and panicked meet earlier.
His father had seen Cody s fins.
Jess s father was planning.
Jess came.
Cody asked him.
He and Jess tried to warn the mermaid.
Then  his mermaid mother appeared.
Jess s father drops a fishing net and had her trapped in it.
Cody asked Jess to help his mother.
Who then took a knife and jumped to cut the net.
He freed the mermaid.
The net got caught  pulling him under.
Jess passed out  but Cody jumped in and brought him.
Where Jess s father  Cody s parents.
Sam were.
Mrs Griffin and Sam did CPR.
Jess was pulled out.
Jess does nt respond.
Cody then decided to use his electricity to shock Jess s heart.
Successfully made Jess cameto.
Cody s mermaid mother showed up again.
Cody told his parents.
She wanted him to go and that he has to because she s the only one that can help him with his changes.
Cody s adoptive mother did nt want him to leave.
She came with the mermaid.
Who telepathically promised to let Cody back.
Jess told Cody.
Sam told him not to fall.
Cody went and completed his transformation into a merman with his mermaid mother s help.
He swam back up and leapt  showing his fully tranformed fish tail  and waved good bye to his friends and adoptive parents before swimming off.
<EOS>
<EOS>
Jessica has moved to Paris to start a new life  inspired by her grandmother  Madame Roux.
Who always loved luxury.
She initially has trouble finding work  and spends one evening without shelter.
She eventually gets a job waitressing.
Though the cafe   has never before hired female waiters.
The owner hires Jessica.
Because he is expecting large crowds soon and needs staff.
The cafe is close by several artistic venues  including the Theatre des Champs-elysees and a concert hall  on Avenue Montaigne.
One helps to welcome Jessica to Paris.
Jessica meets a number.
Working. 
Who are all dealing.
Who has been.
She is alternating  rarely getting time for sleep except in taxicabs.
A new opportunity arises.
When the American film director Brian Sobinski arrives to cast a new film based on the life of Simone de Beauvoir.
Jean-Francois is a world-renowned pianist.
Who wants nothing more than to share his playing  and to get away from formal classical music concerts.
This disconcerts his wife Valentine.
Who is also his manager  that she has done for his career.
Jacques is an art collector.
Who has decided to sell off his collection.
He and his son Frederic have a somewhat strained relationship  not helped.
Jacques is.
Frederic is also just separated.
All three face pivotal turning points on the same night  with Jessica as a thread between all three.
<EOS>
Two cops - Sean and his partner Billie are.
They re dealing with on a daily basis  they must face a very dangerous and powerful man called Dalton Rhodes   but also a master of martial arts.
Who s not only a smuggler.
Police are finding one body.
Sean and Billie have only vague clues.
Who s actually.
An aid is to come from Sean s troubled younger brother Michael.
Who s found himself working.
Soon he ll learn.
An easy way to get rich is also extremely dangerous and sometimes lethal.
<EOS>
The Countess of Segur s heroines have grown up.
They are now teenagers.
The good little girls feel something  a lack of men.
Is missing  which their girlish games can not really fulfil.
<EOS>
A Czech agricultural student  Simon Planicka  arrives  and joins the local JZD with the intention of trying out his experiment regarding the Milk yield of cows in regards to a cultured environment.
He runs with the directorship of the JZD.
He finds them eager to help.
They hear he s the son  as his last name is also Planicka.
Blazena Skopkova is given the task.
Things are looking.
However everything is complicated.
<EOS>
Pete Prindle  son wishes to marry Christine Cadwalader.
She agrees.
However  Proteus considers his son lazy.
Therefore undeserving.
His daughters have their pictures.
Cassius refuses to consent.
He believes Pete to be lazy as well.
Pete tries hard to get  He fakes a car accident.
Gets an insignificant mention.
He wins a boxing match.
Turns out to be an illegally run ring which ends up being raided.
He washes on the shore in his pajamas after falling off a cruise ship  and proceeds to beat two police officers  his name is withheld by the newspaper.
Finally  he saves many people intent on murdering Cassius by preventing a collision with another rail car.
He receives a front page article as well.
Everyone is happy.
<EOS>
Genetic engineering was conducted at a research facility on the Moon to produce trees capable of growing in harsh  arid conditions.
The trees gain consciousness  wiping out Earth s civilizations and destroying the Moon.
Three hundred years later  Japan is a dystopia covered and ruled by the tree-like Zruids.
Inhabit the planet and control the water supply.
Agito  a young boy  and his father Agashi  as well as his friends Cain and Minka  live.
Acts. 
The nation aims to destroy the Forest to restore the Earth.
The people co-exist peacefully with the trees of the forest.
One day  Agito and Cain race each other to see.
Who can get first.
The two boys are separated.
Agito accidentally revives Toola  a young girl  and brings her to Neutral City.
Who has been asleep.
The Forest is angered.
She carries a Raban -- a portable personal electronic device  worn.
The Forest fears.
She will fall who was awakened from sleep  and that he will use her Raban to locate E.
S.
T.
O.
C.
A powerful weapon control over the world.
Shunack finds out and arrives into Neutral City with his army to persuade her to join him.
The Forest sends a giant creature to stop the meeting.
Shunack destroys it and reveals -- he allowed himself to be genetically altered.
He has been enhanced.
Convinced that finding E.
S.
T.
O.
C.
Is the only way to restore the Earth back.
She once knew.
Agito consults his father Agashi  the founder.
Who   has turned almost completely into a tree.
Agashi   encourages Agito to save the Forest from Shunack s plan  since destroying.
The trees would mean the destruction as well.
Agito journeys and allows himself to be enhanced  his hair turning silver as a result.
Agito follows Shunack and Toola.
S.
T.
O.
C.
Which turns out to be a huge volcano converted.
E.
S.
T.
O.
C.
As a safeguard.
As it turns out  was created.
Shunack betrays the Ragna army and commandeers E.
S.
T.
O.
C.
Revealing his true intentions to use the weapon to clear his guilt  it so happens  becoming impatient  had tried to speed up the alteration process  leading.
Shunack worked  but.
When Toola learns that Shunack intends.
S.
T.
O.
C.
She has a change of heart and tries to stop Shunack from activating E.
S.
T.
O.
C.
Is quickly overpowered.
Agito finds them and fights.
Agito transforms.
Toola deactivates E.
S.
T.
O.
C.
And the weapon begins to self-destruct  however  Toola refuses to leave  having developed strong feelings for him.
His consciousness is intact  and there the Forest reveals to him the truth about the relationship between itself and the humans.
Agito s body has been absorbed.
Agito learns  it also changes the Forest  causing trees to give birth.
The genetic admixture that gives humans extraordinary strength and eventually turns them is really a two-way exchange.
Having become one  Shunack is now at peace and no longer intends to fight Agito.
The Forest  seeing  returns Agito  allowing him and Toola to escape before E.
Agito can teach humanity that there is no need.
S.
T.
O.
C.
Erupts. 
Agito brings peace.
The humans and the Forest saved.
Toola finally lets go by throwing her Raban off a ledge down into the depths of the Forest  learning to live in harmony with the trees at last.
<EOS>
Black Stone is a quiet sleepy town.
A mysterious stranger arrives.
Secretive he soon arouses suspicion  troublemaking ` Southern Fist  fighter Pai Yu Ching.
When his identity is revealed.
Tan Tao Liang plays ` Northern Leg  Captain Lu  the towns ` sheriff.
Who finds himself when the mayor s son murders his.
Lu is steadfast but has many obstacles put in his way  particularly Ms.
Li  the sister.
Who Lu accidentally killed and wants revenge.
Who hires Pai Yu Ching to protect his house.
The mayor has other reasons.
He is deeply involved.
Pai Yu Ching is actually a secret government official.
Who is often in staring contests with Capt Lu but eventually seeks Lu s help after his partner is killed by the hotels owner.
The mayor calls for help.
When matters get out.
Mr Lung is a kind  white faced gorilla-like creature.
Speaks and walks with a limp.
He is  however  extremely competent kung fu.
Mr Lung eventually helps the mayor capture Capt Lu and Pai Yu Ching.
They find the seal that makes counterfeit money.
Ms.
Li puts aside her hatred and rescues him a Pai and kills the mayor.
Capt Lu and Pai Yu Ching then hunt down Mr Lung.
<EOS>
Hannah Senesh was a real-life Hungarian Jew.
Who became a martyr during World War II.
She will die.
Safely living at the start of the war  Hannah volunteers to venture behind enemy lines in Europe knowing that in all likelihood.
She is captured  undergoing horrendous tortures.
The Germans execute her.
<EOS>
A former Annapolis cadet is thrown out for cheating on an exam.
He was framed.
He must enlist to clear himself.
Meanwhile he and his sweetheart search  is after.
Everyone. 
<EOS>
-LCB- -LCB- Hook -RCB- -RCB- Khela is.
Who he thinks is just perfect.
His wife wants.
A baby and the husband feels that the child will compromise the artiste.
Here the aspiring but passionate film maker creates a bond.
Who does feel that a child may spoil his career  started re-discovering a child.
The film also deals by adding up humor  adventure and edge-of-the-seat mystery.
<EOS>
Her fiance.
Joe Nast elects to stay.
Her father Ben Floss is a realtor.
Whose partner has recently left.
Ben and Joe go.
This was their plan.
Joe goes to retrieve all the invitations.
Had been sent out.
He retrieves seventy four of seventy five.
She finds the last invitation and takes it.
He drops her off  and returns home  despite her inviting him in for a drink.
Joe and Ben attend a local property fair.
Ben pitches the idea.
Mulcahey agrees.
They need to get all the tenants to agree.
Diana s friends come round to look.
They then take Joe out.
A drink went into the previous night.
Joe puts Moonlight Mile and Bertie dances with him  to jealous looks from Diana s friends.
Joe convinces Ben to let him talk.
He asks the bartender.
Who owns the bar.
The bartender does not give him the information.
Feeling trapped  Joe goes to see Bertie and they sleep together.
He leaves early the next morning.
Ben is frustrated and goes to the bar to see the owner.
Where he meets Bertie and tells her.
Bertie finds Joe and confronts him  he confesses.
He had split up three days before she was killed.
Bertie tells Joe.
Who is lost.
Joe goes at the Mulcahey s.
Where Mike s wife rudely presumes aloud that she thought Joe was not still tied up.
Joe states.
This is not the case  completely upsetting the mood.
This causes Mike to call Ben and call off the deal.
The family attends the trial.
However the murderer s wife elicits sympathy.
The prosecutor  Mona Camp  asks Joe to testify and help the jury gain sympathy.
Joe confesses.
He and Diana had split and that they remained friends but were no longer getting married.
Ben and Jojo are happy.
Joe symbolically writes 75 letters expressing his newfound clarity.
His life ought to take.
One will get.
Ben closes the shop  Jojo resumes her writing career  Bertie sells the bar.
She and Joe leave town.
<EOS>
The original story Park Avenue Logger was published November.
<EOS>
Hawayein-Winds Change But The Scars is a film.
Emerges & is based on the aftermath of Indira Gandhi s assassination and the nationwide 1984 Anti-Sikh riots & the subsequent victimization of the people in Punjab in the years that followed.
This film depicts real life events & most.
Are authentic seen.
It is the story  from being a simple  romantic  music loving student  to becoming one of the most wanted terrorists in the country.
The Indian Government called them terrorists but many call them martyrs.
This film is an honest exploration.
Led. 
It is the story  - & labeled terrorists by the existing government.
When innocents were forced to rebel.
When political motivations created terrorists out.
Heartless money-making murdererous machines.
When the nations watchdogs became greedy.
When the sound created unspeakable fear in the minds of people in Punjab.
A time created.
A time.
Saw the beginning in India.
It exposes the real reason.
This film is the first to be made and has been crafted within commercial parameters.
The production values are on par with most major commercial Bollywood films.
It has been shot in Punjab  Himachal Pradesh  Delhi & on massive sets in Kamalistan Studio - Mumbai.
No effort has been spared.
This film also shattered previous stereotypes.
It has been shot.
Arri 435 & was released.
It was slated & has become a much hyped media event and a memorable celluloid explosion on the Hindi screen.
Beautiful locales  memorable performances  authentic costumes are the main assets.
This film is a brave attempt to present history on a colorful tapestry woven with all human emotions of romance  tragedy  humour all presented together on a platter of wonderful music.
<EOS>
Laurette marries an irresponsible drifter  David Graham.
They have a son  David  but later divorce due and infidelities.
David chooses to stay again  this time to John  a rich businessman with a teenaged daughter  Kay.
Years later Paul is killed to live with his mother  John and Kay.
To get revenge for abandoning his father  David seduces Kay into marriage and abandons her  but realises the error of his ways serving in New Guinea during World War II.
He is injured but survives to be reunited with Kay  Laurette and John.
<EOS>
His brother Ryota steals a yacht.
Yata is lost.
The crew runs afoul  and washes up on the shore of an island.
Where a terrorist organization manufactures heavy water  as well as a chemical that keeps Ebirah at bay.
The organization  known  has enslaved natives from Infant Island to help them.
The natives hope to awaken Mothra to rescue them.
Ryota and his friends  aided by a beautiful native girl  stumble across Godzilla sleeping within a cliffside cavern.
The group devises a plan to defeat the Red Bamboo and escape.
They wake Godzilla using a lightning rod.
Godzilla fights Ebirah.
The giant crustacean escapes.
Godzilla is then attacked  but destroys them.
The humans retrieve the missing Yata  free the enslaved natives.
Godzilla begins to destroy the base.
Godzilla smashes a tower.
Has a self destruct button that makes the island unstable.
Godzilla fights Ebirah and defeats it  ripping off both Ebirah s claws and causing it to retreat.
The natives summon Mothra to save everyone  however  Godzilla challenges Mothra.
When she gets.
Mothra manages to push Godzilla away and carry the people off.
Godzilla escapes the island.
Before it explodes.
<EOS>
The plot concerns playboy Virendra Pratap Singh.
A clause forces him to enter a military academy in order to inherit.
Virendra s repeated attempts to get himself discharged are foiled.
Then Virendra falls with Nisha  the sister of a gangster named Shankar.
Shankar wants Nisha to marry the son Parshuram Bihari and hatches a plot to separate the couple.
<EOS>
East Germany  Physician Barbara has been transferred for disciplinary reasons.
She had filed an Ausreiseantrag  officially expressing her wish to leave the German Democratic Republic.
This puts an end.
She is no longer employed.
There she works.
The Stasi orders Reiser to approach her.
Order to gain intelligence.
She refuses his advances.
Reiser is increasingly impressed.
Barbara s lover Jorg prepares her escape.
She openly contradicts Reiser  and finds out.
When a young runaway named Stella is delivered.
Who thought she was just faking.
The girl is suffering.
He stands corrected and appreciates.
She takes care.
She reads the Adventures to her and learns for so-called juvenile offenders.
Stella has escaped.
Where she was forced to do hard labour.
Stella is pregnant.
Dreams  yet she must return to the detention centre.
Barbara manages to meet Jorg secretly.
He offers to move to join him in the west  he also indicates.
She will not need to work if she joins him because he is wealthy.
The Stasi punish Barbara - and cavity-searches upon her.
Which they can not find her.
She accepts Reiser s invitation to dine.
Barbara is working to get to Denmark.
She knows he must report.
She receives a gift from him.
It is Ivan Turgenev s A Sportsman s Sketches.
Reiser stresses.
This book includes the tale.
They kiss.
But Barbara still ca nt let go  so she eventually runs away to her own house.
Stella flees the labour youth detention programme again and  gravely injured.
Barbara does and takes her.
What she can to treat her wounds.
Where a man comes to pick Barbara up and bring her where Jorg is waiting for her.
But Barbara lets the man pick up Stella instead.
She returns to keep.
<EOS>
Chaturanga is about a love caught between conflicting worlds of ideas.
Set  the film weaves a rich tapestry of crisscrossing desires and moralities.
The lead protagonist Sachish fleets to religious mysticism in his quest for life s meaning.
However  his search ultimately yields nothing.
This is.
He can not square his abstract ideals.
One is Damini  a young Hindu widow.
The other is Nanibala  the abandoned mistress.
Sachish tries to convince himself.
Nanibala is simply a helpless woman who needs to be ` rescued.
Similarly   he pretends.
The widow Damini is merely an enticement that must be avoided at all costs for spiritual salvation.
Chaturanga thus becomes   a psychodrama of unbelievable cruelty.
Nanibala becomes a victim.
She can only be ` saved.
Her humanity can not be recognized.
Damini is first given away  along with all her property  to a religious guru.
She then falls.
Who can accept her only.
<EOS>
Dana Marschz is a recovering alcoholic and failed actor.
Who has become a high school drama teacher  where dreams go to die.
He only has two enthusiastic students  Rand and Epiphany  and a history of producing poorly-received school plays.
Are essentially stage adaptations.
A new intake are forced to transfer into his class  they are mostly unenthusiastic and unconvinced by Dana s pretentions.
When the new term begins.
It is the only remaining arts elective available due.
Dana comes with Octavio  one of the new students.
Dana is floored.
When Principal Rocker notifies him that the drama program is to be shut down.
Seeking to inspire his students  Dana undertakes to write and produce an original play  a sequel featuring time travel to avoid the deaths of the characters.
New  more controversial content   complete with a song-and-dance number titled Rock Me Sexy Jesus.
The kids gradually warm.
Rand -- cast and overshadowed by Octavio as Hamlet -- storms out of the drama group and provides a copy of the play s script to Principal Rocker.
Who orders Dana to stop the controversial production.
Dana is further traumatized.
When his wife Brie leaves him.
Fertile  boarder Gary himself is infertile.
They had taken  and reveals that he.
Despondent  Dana falls off the wagon and tries to abandon the project.
His students encourage him to continue  arranging an abandoned warehouse and rave spot  technical assistance  and security being provided and wrestling teams.
Dana also learns.
The cancellation has become a civil liberties issue encouraged by fanatical ACLU activist Cricket Feldstein.
The play opens to a sold-out house  including a critic from The New York Times.
Rand returns  apologizing for his desertion  Dana allows him to return to the role of Laertes.
The play gradually wins the audience over.
Initially reluctant to engage  with several protesters infiltrating the audience to stage a direct protest.
The film ends.
Who he is now dating.
<EOS>
Olivia is a single  cash-strapped woman working to make ends meet.
She is surrounded.
Each woman is facing her own individual struggles.
The disparity creates some friction.
Olivia ca nt seem to find love or money and resorts to satisfy both.
Franny s inheritance sometimes causes tension.
Who likes to spend it.
Christine s marriage is falling apart.
She and her husband ca nt communicate effectively.
Finally  Jane is becoming increasingly unpleasant to be around  possibly.
Together  these women attend charity benefits  have lunch  lean  and wade their way through life.
<EOS>
A graduate student and martial-arts expert rents a room.
Who lives there.
A local street gang is trying to recruit the son.
The new tenant tries to help the boy s mother keep him out.
They target both the mother and her new tenant.
When they learn.
<EOS>
Finis Hominis is a mental patient.
Who is kept  and is known for his occasional escapes from the institution  including the most recent episode during which Finis Hominis became a powerful world figure during the few days of his escape.
Again hospitalized  he sees  and again feels the need to escape the institution to put order in the streets.
He wanders  influencing and interfering in isolated incidents  correcting wrongs and exposing corruption primarily in a strictly accidental or coincidental manner.
There is also a parallel.
<EOS>
Joanna Eberhart is a successful reality television executive producer.
She is fired.
Her latest project  a show where spouses choose  called I Can Do Better  results in one of the jilted men going on a shooting spree.
She has a nervous breakdown.
They move from Manhattan to Stepford  a quiet Connecticut suburb.
Joanna becomes friends  a writer and recovering alcoholic  and Roger Bannister  a flamboyant gay man.
Who has moved with his longtime partner  Jerry.
Joanna  Bobbie and Roger witness an incident.
Which Sarah Sunderson  violently dances and then collapses.
A man named.
Mike arrives and directs all men so that no one can see what s going on.
She puts off sparks.
Claire  the town s leading lady  announces.
Sarah is carried away.
Mike essentially runs Stepford and says that she s his wife.
Joanna argues.
Walter loses his temper and yells.
He tells her.
Her children barely know her  that their marriage is falling apart  and that she s so domineering people want to kill her.
Realizing  Joanna apologizes and agrees to try and fit.
Unhappy she is.
The next day   she talks.
She cleans the house and tries wearing more makeup.
They decide to visit Sarah.
Entering the house  they hear Sarah having loud  passionate sex.
It sounds.
Though she is about to reach orgasm.
Roger starts tiptoeing up the stairs to have a peek.
The two follow.
They hear someone suddenly walking out.
They quickly return down the stairs to hide.
They find.
A remote control labeled SARAH.
They inadvertently cause Sarah s breasts to enlarge.
Playing. 
She falls.
Frightened  they retreat.
Where Joanna suggests that they seriously try to live.
The Stepford women appear extremely vapid and shallow  in the Stepford book club  their story is a catalogue of Christmas and Chanukah collectibles and decoration tips.
Meanwhile  Walter has been bonding.
Ted summons his wife and puts a credit card.
When he wins $ 20 from Ted  one of the Stepford Husbands.
She spits out $ 20  revealing.
She is a robot.
One evening  Walter and Mr Markowitz go with Roger and Jerry.
Joanna and Bobbie hire a babysitter and follow them.
Sneaking  they find a long line of family portraits.
They make.
A noise and Roger is sent out to see what s going on.
He tells Joanna and Bobbie.
He does not reveal their presence.
Nothing illegal is going.
Joanna and Bobbie leave.
Roger is directed.
He finds himself.
Looking down  he sees something puzzling  turns and softly utters Jerry.
Terrified  Joanna tells Walter.
She wants to move.
Walter apologizes  saying.
If she s so miserable  they can leave tomorrow.
She thanks him.
That night  she is awakened.
She is horrified to find but labeled JOANNA.
It s actually a remote control.
She goes to research the women of Stepford and learns.
The women used to be scientists  engineers and judges.
The next morning she runs to see Bobbie  only to find.
Bobbie  too  has become fawning and stupid.
Joanna realizes.
Bobbie is nt human anymore when Bobbie fails to react.
Joanna tries to flee but finds.
Her children have been taken hostage.
She storms.
The men return her children.
The men   capture her.
Who have been lying.
The men explain.
When their wives were scientists and engineers  their wives reduced them.
Enraged  the men implanted microchips and then transplanted their minds into cloned bodies.
Became the men s patient  subservient and impossibly beautiful robot mistresses.
Walter voices his frustration.
Mike reveals Joanna s new body.
The men corner Joanna and Walter and force them.
She makes a final appeal.
Joanna enters.
Whether the new wives really mean it when they tell their husbands that they love them.
Later  Joanna appears.
Stepford hosts a formal ball.
Joanna distracts Mike and entices him into the garden.
Walter slips away.
Walter returns.
Where he destroys the software that makes the women obedient.
This   burns out all the implanted microchips  causing all the Stepford Wives to revert to their original personalities.
Walter returns.
Where the baffled husbands are cornered.
Walter reveals  Her argument had won him over.
Joanna never received the microchip implant.
Out. 
Whom he married.
Mike threatens Walter.
Joanna hits Mike  decapitating him and revealing.
Mike can attack.
He himself is a robot.
It is revealed.
His wife  Claire  is a real woman  not a Stepford Wife.
Distraught over the loss  Claire explains.
She created Stepford because she  too  was a bitter  career-minded woman  a tired brain surgeon.
She murdered Mike and his lover.
When she discovered that Mike was having an affair.
Deciding to make the world ` more beautiful   she created her robot husband.
Because he was someone other men would listen.
She replies.
When Joanna wonders aloud why Claire did nt simply make the men.
She planned to turn the whole community.
Claire then electrocutes herself.
Six months later Larry King is interviewing Joanna  Bobbie  and Roger.
They have all met with success  Joanna made a documentary  Bobbie wrote a book of poetry.
Roger won his state senate seat.
Joanna also notes.
While her and Walter s relationship is nt perfect  it is still real  and that is what is important.
The closing scene reveals.
The irate wives have taken and forced their husbands to atone for their crimes by placing them under house arrest  making them complete many of the same domestic tasks that they had forced the women to do.
<EOS>
` Ozhimuri  is based by veteran bilingual writer Jeyamohan.
Is  the matrilineal system that prevailed in the erstwhile southern Travancore.
The advantage was.
The property was enjoyed.
The women were educated and bold.
They enjoyed freedom.
The mother was stronger than the father.
But  in the 1940s  women lost all their powers and soon became ` slaves  in the hands of a feudal male-dominated society.
The movie exposes the complexities from matrilineal to patrilineal.
Ozhimuri means ` divorce record.
Women were free to divorce their husbands.
They were not having a sound relationship.
The ` ozhimuris  or small palm-leaf pieces recording divorces still stand testimony to the freedom.
Women enjoyed those days.
The movie lays open the ego clashes and complexities through the eyes of its lead character Thanupillai.
Who witnesses the tale.
<EOS>
Fed up cashes her final paycheck  and uses the money to purchase an airline ticket to the least expensive international destination.
She can find - London.
She meets Daniel  a successful music label executive.
Who covertly arranges for her to be upgraded and seated next to him on the flight.
Daniel finds  he moves back and takes the vacant seat next to Martha.
His seatmate is an obnoxiously loud woman.
He offers her the use of a deluxe suite in a luxury hotel at his company s expense in exchange for a lunch date the following day.
We learn.
Laurence  a former bridge champion who now teaches the game  went to the airport to pick up Daniel but missed him because the flight landed early.
Instead  he literally runs.
Who hits him.
She coerces him and invites him to the suite for dinner.
A bouquet is delivered to the suite.
She is.
He departs.
When Laurence sees the attached card.
The following day  Martha meets struggling actor Frank  and has gone to console himself with a pint of whiskey.
Who has fled an audition.
Having heard from Daniel  he realizes.
Who she is and calls Laurence to boast that he is about to make her his conquest.
He takes her.
Martha slips away and heads.
Where she reunites.
He invites her back.
She accepts.
Torn to Daniel and love for Martha  Laurence seeks advice from Pederson  a neighbor is a psychiatrist  in the early morning hours.
He mistakenly believes.
Martha awakens and  seeing a photograph of the three friends  assumes.
She has been the target.
To get even  she separately invites each to meet her for breakfast.
A brawl ensues.
When all three arrive  bearing floral arrangements.
Laurence sees Martha running off but is unable to catch her.
Despondent  he goes to purchase a ticket anywhere he can go for #.
Proves to be Reykjavik.
He is told.
He is being seated.
He finds Martha waiting.
When he boards the plane.
She reveals.
She was responsible.
<EOS>
Obsessed but still a virgin  an overweight loner named.
Rino keeps himself going.
Suddenly  his lonely life is transformed.
<EOS>
Her grandmother said  so thats.
She should always ask.
Neneng always says Bakit.
Fast forward a few years  Neneng.
Boy Pick Up saw.
Her and he saved her.
Coincidentally he was searching Up Girl.
When he heard Neneng say Bakit.
Came to be.
<EOS>
Jake Tiger Sharp is a former policeman.
Who seeks revenge after his wife is murdered.
Sharp is sentenced to seven years in prison.
Jake is given a Spas-12 Shotgun by his old friend Jerry in order to wreak vengeance upon the crooked attorney responsible for sending him away.
However  Jake decides to return to his secluded cabin in the Appalachian wilderness and bury his gun in the floorboards.
Matters become complicated.
When a group run afoul of him and kill his baby deer.
Jake goes and smashes up the place.
The hunters have been selling.
Jake s estranged daughter Connie then joins him.
All are killed off.
When the hunters decide to get revenge.
Jake manages to escape back and dig up his gun for one last battle with those.
Who would break the law.
<EOS>
Delores Quantero is the descendant.
Who was granted land.
This grant   now covers the business district.
Is still legally valid.
Another descendant  Carlos Manning  has discovered the existence to inherit the fortune by murdering his relatives.
<EOS>
The administrator is afraid.
The children may succumb and that he will be deemed responsible.
He believes.
Accidents happen when formal rules are violated.
Hence  he believes  everything must be done strictly.
One boy  Kostya Inochkin  breaks one by swimming out alone to an island instead of swimming in the specially designated swimming area  supervised by staff.
Inochkin is expelled from camp and is sent home.
Inochkin is afraid  so he returns to camp illegally.
If his grandmother  with whom he lives  discovers that he has been expelled  she will die.
He hides but is discovered.
Who start helping him to stay  outsmarting the adults.
Adults are added later and also oppose to Dynin s strict regime.
Finally Dynin is removed and expelled to the town.
The film s final scenes show.
The joy swim and even unrealistically jump over the river.
The film also makes jokes.
<EOS>
Tom walks across a beam and stops.
Order to stare.
A black dotted line is formed.
Tom walks.
Jerry then creates one himself.
Then drops the stairs  causing the cat to fall.
Tom is.
The title cards are then shown.
Tom lights multiple matches.
One eventually ignites a stash of dynamite.
Throws him out that Jerry is standing on.
Jerry hits a second beam and then grabs and uses it as a parachute down to a safe wood outcropping.
Tom turns up  brimming  and takes his fur back and puts it back on.
Tom only runs a few paces.
His tail is still crunched up.
He undoes his tail and causes his fur to pop out again.
Tom and Jerry are now chasing.
Jerry discovers a yellow glove and gets.
Tom is so far behind.
Jerry has a plan.
He whistles akin and holds out his hand  and then points into the distance.
Tom looks.
Jerry punches him.
Jerry/glove counts 1  2  3 and then Tom gets up and throws punches.
Jerry shakes Tom s hand and then throws him.
He is standing on.
Cuts. 
Tom falls with a section of the beam on top of his head and hits the ground with no visible damage.
His body weight starts collapsing.
Jerry slides down.
Tom chases him.
Both cat and mouse start to poke their heads out  but only hurts himself.
Tom sees Jerry s back and tries to poke him.
Tom hits the top and falls to the ground.
Jerry waves and whistles.
The remainder features Tom using a large rock and a.
Consists. 
Each rock has a different form.
ATTEMPT 1  Tom throws the rock  but it is slanted too much to the right.
Tom is launched sideways.
ATTEMPT 2  Tom throws the rock straight up and squashes himself.
Jerry s ears rattle.
ATTEMPT 3  Tom pitches the rock.
It lands over several times  smashing the cat again.
Jerry begins to look worried.
ATTEMPT 4  Tom throws the rock.
It squashes the beam and causes Tom to be shifted right and then fall on top of the rock.
Jerry starts walking dejectedly.
He is.
ATTEMPT 5  Tom throws the rock up.
It falls dead center  squeezing the beam and Tom.
Jerry kicks a pebble.
It falls.
Jerry sees it next and prepares to write.
ATTEMPT 6  Tom throws the rock up and dashes away.
He jumps.
When he sees that the rock has landed perfectly.
It catapults him up  but and back down to the same end of the.
The rock is thrown.
Jerry writes The End of the boards.
Then it zooms.
<EOS>
The film begins.
This appears to have no real bearing.
Cassie and Sean  as well as ex-boyfriend Matt and good friend Annabel  decide to go.
They start.
The four go.
Where  it is branded.
Cassie sees two strange figures  a man with a scarred face.
Deathmask tries to grab her.
She pushes him away and steps.
Matt eavesdrops on their conversation.
Sean confesses his love.
Who claims she feels the same way  but seems unable to say the words  I love you.
Sean returns.
Matt convinces Cassie to give him a last ` goodbye  kiss.
Sean sees this  and reacts badly  giving Cassie the silent treatment.
They drive away.
Cassie   continually looks away.
He ignores her attempts to explain.
Who is.
Eventually  the car crashes.
Cassie s next memory is.
Matt and Annabel are unharmed.
Sean has been killed.
Follows. 
Though he is nt really dead.
Matt is constantly.
Sometimes she mistakes him.
Cassie also has numerous visions  even to the point of seeing Matt and Annabel in their company.
She believes.
She is being chased  although Annabel and Matt assure her that the incidents are all in her mind.
Cassie faints  and is rescued.
Deathmask chases her.
Father Jude is sympathetic  and offers to listen.
She ever needs someone to talk.
Matt signs Cassie up for a swimming competition.
Annabel is constantly trying to get Cassie to leave her dorm room -- specifically  to go dancing.
Annabel introduces Cassie to an androgynous creature named Raven.
Who seems to have some kind.
Raven claims.
Cassie is  and that she belongs ` with Sean.
A few nights later   Cassie knocks at the church door.
Father Jude gives her sanctuary.
He gives her an amulet depicting St Jude  and encourages her to stay strong  then allows her to sleep.
Cassie sees.
The calendar reads.
She enters the office and asks to speak to Father Jude.
The attending priest says.
Father Jude died.
Cassie wins.
Defending herself  she ends up stabbing him in the stomach with it.
They fall.
Cassie flees.
She runs.
Who claims that there is no one.
When the two return.
Cassie requests.
Though she believes that Matt and Annabel are conspiring with Deathmask and Hideous Dancer.
Matt take her home.
Matt instead drives Cassie  saying.
He wishes to pick up Annabel.
Cassie lost  eventually finding Annabel and Raven.
Follows him  but gets.
-- Cassie makes her way back.
When Raven tells her to leave -- or die.
He drunkenly insists on another ` goodbye forever  kiss.
Cassie hits him and pushes him out of the car  then drives away.
Cassie wrecks the car.
She again comes in the hospital.
Her is Raven.
Who speaks a few words before dying.
Cassie also appears to die.
A priest arrives to perform the Last Rites.
Father Jude arrives and takes Cassie s hand  asking.
She would be willing to die in order to save Sean s life.
Cassie says.
She would.
He then asks her.
She would be willing to live.
Cassie says.
She does nt want to die.
Which Deathmask and Hideous Dancer strangle her.
The entire film has been a sort  in the original accident  Cassie and Sean survived.
Matt and Annabel were killed.
The occupants were also fatally injured.
Cassie spent the course in a half-dead  half-living state.
Wherein those who were killed attempted to keep her with them.
Father Jude  and Cassie s visions  were.
What brought her back.
<EOS>
The operation is a failure.
The team is captured.
But suddenly  both sides find themselves confronted  cops and criminals will have to forge an uneasy alliance to survive the undead.
A zombie apocalypse breaks out.
Hugazombie.
<EOS>
Leo Gogarty marries Margaud Morgan just before shipping out to war.
He is surprised to discover.
When he returns.
Only that his bride is not what she led him to believe  but also that she expects a quick divorce.
Both Mr and Mrs Gogarty must find their place in a society still adjusting to peace.
Segments are ` Fido and Me.
Where Mr Kelly dances with a number of children.
<EOS>
Honorable but penniless Scottish knight Quentin Durward agrees to go to France to find out.
The beautiful young heiress  Isabelle  Countess  would be a suitable wife for his aged uncle.
The marriage has been arranged for his ward to cement an alliance with Scotland.
She wants nothing to do  so she runs away and seeks the protection of Charles  great rival  Louis XI  the King of France.
Quentin pursues and manages to foil an attempted robbery.
Isabelle continues.
Nearing the court  Quentin tries  but fails  to save the life of a gypsy.
However  the dead man s brother  Hayraddin  is grateful.
Louis   orders.
Who had ordered the man s hanging  and distrusts such honest men as Quentin.
Him to leave France.
However  the Scotsman is not easily deterred.
He sneaks and awakens the king in his bed with a dagger at his throat.
Louis is impressed and enlists Quentin.
Louis orders Quentin to guard her and to keep her presence secret.
They spend together  she and Quentin begin to fall in love.
Having lied being there  Louis commands her to depart.
She tells him.
She will seek sanctuary.
Louis concocts a plan to have De la Marck kidnap and forcibly marry Isabelle to keep her strategically important lands out.
He has Hayraddin.
Who is a spy  take the information and a large bribe to De la Marck.
Louis provides Isabelle.
He also lends her a few guards.
That when they are killed  it will divert any suspicion away.
Hayraddin is also sent.
However   he switches sides and warns the Scotsman.
When he discovers that Quentin is to be one.
The three manage to escape the trap and reach Liege.
Quentin is wounded.
He finally tells Isabelle to his uncle.
When he has recovered.
Prevents him  and leaves.
De la Marck attacks the castle  captures Isabelle  and kills the bishop.
When he refuses to marry them.
Hearing the sounds  Quentin rescues his love.
He slays De la Marck.
Meanwhile  the Duke Louis.
When he comes to continue peace negotiations  accusing him.
However  Quentin arrives and exonerates the king  providing.
Louis tricks Charles into letting Isabelle decide.
Who she will marry.
Quentin has received news  so he is free to follow his heart.
His uncle has died.
<EOS>
Babs Flynn is the manager.
She is sacked.
When she accuses the regional manager.
She mounts a public campaign to get her job back.
The film was met.
It starred a young Craig Charles.
Cathy Tysons love interest.
They were a couple.
It was based at a chain of boutiques called Lady at Lord John.
<EOS>
Joey Breaker is a successful film agent but misses purpose.
This changes gradually.
He meets waitress and student nurse Cyan Worthington.
Eventually he quits his job and follows his heart.
Where Cyan serves the population as a nurse with an independent practice.
<EOS>
Patrick Mcardle is a.
Who is forced to play baseball.
Patrick does nt know.
What to do.
He visits his friend Houston Jones  a former steeplechase champion.
When he skips ball practice one day.
Houston dazzles Patrick.
When he was Patrick s age.
Who taught him to ride.
Patrick   sees his teammate.
Chuck s older sister Jill  and gets knocked out.
Patrick s father asks him.
Patrick confronts him.
Patrick visits Houston tells him more stories.
This time.
When she told Houston she.
Patrick feels sorry and asks Houston to train him.
Patrick s parents are appalled.
When Houston agrees.
When he asked them.
His mother thinks.
It is too dangerous  while his father is concerned.
Houston buys Patrick.
When they agree.
A horse named Rusty  and tells Patrick to take care till he says stop.
Patrick meets again and asks them to join him at Houston s barbecue  he also invites his parents.
There  his parents begin to trust Houston more.
Patrick starts to learn.
To ride Rusty as Jill tends.
One day  the rich town bully and steeplechase champion  Randy  destroys Houston s vegetable/fruit stand  Houston warns him to stop.
Houston then starts to collapse.
Patrick arrives.
Jill calls.
Houston refuses to go.
The next day  Houston dies  leaving Patrick devastated.
Patrick drops out and stops taking care of Rusty.
Jill finds a package addressed in Houston s closet as well as pictures of Patrick as a boy  while walking around his home.
She gives the package.
He finds Houston s old uniform and a carved horse  along.
Patrick decides to enter the race and gets there just.
Jill kisses Patrick leaves and sets up.
Patrick  along  does well in the race and wins.
Patrick lays his trophy on Houston s grave  along with Houston s hat and harmonica.
<EOS>
The film opens.
A settler is running  but is locked out and killed by a ghostly figure.
The only other settler left  frightened  locks himself in one of the buildings and hangs himself.
English settlers arrive at Roanoke Island with an Indian escort.
They find.
When the settlers arrive.
The colony abandoned  except for one body.
They find a corpse hanging  with the door bolted from the inside.
The English governor sent dismisses this as an intimidation tactic by the Spanish.
The governor is forced to return to gather supplies.
Names settler Ananias Dare interim governor  backed.
That evening  Ananias s pregnant wife Eleanor Dare is sleeping.
When suddenly  she has a gruesome dream that her nightgown is covered  with her baby taken from her womb.
She runs out  and finds a ghost with her baby.
She wakes up deeply shaken  and warns Ananias.
It might be better for them to return.
He dismisses this.
Settlers begin dying by one.
Eleanor mysteriously gives birth prematurely.
The baby girl   is thankfully born safely.
Whom they name Virginia.
Crops wo nt grow.
There are no animals.
More settlers begin dying.
It soon becomes apparent.
There is a supernatural presence.
Eleanor continues to get disturbing dreams.
Eventually the dreams reveal.
The island was the location by Vikings.
Long before  a ship suffered misfortune and blamed it on one of the women and a few of the men traveling on the ship with them.
They took them and tortured them to death  and because of this the souls of the evil Viking men.
The other men and the single woman are still trapped.
Ananias Dare must work.
Where they belong.
One of the colonists leads an attack on the Indian village  only to be repelled.
Most killed  for ruining the English s chances of gaining the Indians  trust  he is put in the stocks.
Later that night  the wraiths suck out his soul and begin an attack  they are fought back.
Many colonists are killed.
It is soon revealed  it is also learned.
These wraiths feed and are trying to kill Virginia because they require an innocent soul to pass on to the afterlife.
Their weaknesses are fire and water.
They are soon forced to devise a plan to defeat the wraiths  they set up a raft on it and wait for the moon to come.
The wraiths arrive  they begin attacking them.
Ananias  Virginia  and Howe are the only survivors.
Unfortunately  Eleanor attacks one to save Ananias but is quickly killed.
Howe and Ananias are mortally wounded  with the latter luring the wraiths onto the raft with baby Virginia.
Howe launches a fire arrow  setting it aflame   they are forced to suffer.
They close in.
The wraiths can not cross water.
Ananias looks last time before setting her adrift and dying.
Later on  Virginia is found and is to be raised as one of their one  Manteo orders the tribe to bury the colonists and set their colony on fire.
<EOS>
The story revolves.
Who spent precisely thirty years and nine months and then suddenly quit  and his first and last act as a cinema artist.
He is immensely passionate  believes  knows all his plays by heart  lives in those stories  condemns modern cinema and considers theatre as a much higher artform for directors and actors to convey their message to an audience.
Nothing even comparable can ever be written.
It is Diwali  a time.
When box offices are flooded.
Shabnam has to attend the premiere  The Mask.
However  she decides to visit her co-star Harish and heads.
Where Harish is bedridden.
He is being taken care.
Vandana treats Shabnam.
She blames her and the entire cast and crew.
But soon they are seen bonding and are involved in a conversation about Harish.
Their story and equation with Harish emerges.
The movie sees parallel narration.
Who recalls his encounters.
He had suggested Harish to his elder brother Siddharth.
Who happens to be an ambitious perfectionist director.
Siddharth realizes  he has to win his trust and establish a relationship with him.
To convince Harish to act.
And  hence  the impatient young auteur attempts to win the trust and collaboration.
Who sits raging from the sanctuary of his study.
Bachchan is irresistible -- vain  forceful and impetuous.
He trumpets.
The superiority can ever create.
Harish finally agrees to act.
Shooting happens.
He befriends Shabnam and teaches her lessons on acting  life and Shakespeare.
Unfolds the reason for his illness.
One gets to know his relationship  the reason behind his quitting theatre and last but not the least.
The Last Lear becomes a captivating reflection.
<EOS>
The movie opens in the process of getting a divorce.
Nandita s lawyer accuses Anand  calling him a sadist.
A flashback takes the audience back.
A happy working girl returns to her home village for a family function  only to find.
Her father  who due  has decided to marry Nandita off elsewhere.
Nandita   can not agree.
Who has spent her life falling with Sekar  her cousin and original fiance.
However  her father forces her to agree.
The marriage takes place in less than a week.
The newlyweds move back.
Nandita does not budge.
The kind and jovial Anand attempts to lead a life and make her fall in love with him.
She is normally cold and impolite.
When she sees constant reminders.
The scene cuts back.
Where Nandita has gotten the divorce.
She calls Anand  telling him to find a girl.
He will truly love.
Now  Nandita is a free woman  living life the way  and dreaming.
She wants.
She moves  gets a new job  and a new friend - her housekeeper  Savitri.
Things are going well.
Anand is a constant unwanted presence - greeting her every morning and calling her frequently.
He tells her.
When asked why he s still around.
He likes no one else.
One Valentine s Day  Nandita sees Sekar  talking about her as his soulmate  his first love.
He announces.
He is getting married soon  because she is already married.
An upset Nandita is pushed even further.
When she finds out that Savitri has been talking to Anand.
She leaves.
She comes back a changed woman  and becomes open to getting to know Anand for the first time.
The end shows her and Anand happily spending time with each other.
<EOS>
Bay is a talented young rock drummer.
One day  he is practicing and is in a trance.
He suddenly notices.
Everything is covered and that his drumsticks are actually knives.
Apparently  he has killed his landlady  Mrs Victoria.
Panicked  he runs out his door  to his friend  Ton  and is in a band called The PC with Meow and Ooh.
Who is also a drummer.
She only lives next door to him.
Ton is a long-time childhood friend.
The two were classmates.
Meanwhile  the police have arrived.
The inspector has a habit.
Open. 
.
Whenever the inspector yells Damn.
The inspector also has a smart dog named Dumbass to sniff.
Bay is able to convince Meow and Ooh.
He is innocent.
Bay would have broken one.
He actually killed Mrs Victoria.
His Drums would no longer be effective.
So they all go and hide out from the cops.
Bay and The PC make their way.
Where The PC has been booked to play.
Meow and Ooh sit around and make.
Bay do all the work to set up the stage.
They plan to call the cops anyway.
When he s finished.
Soon the cops do show up.
A chase ensues  with the inspector pursuing Bay on the various carnival rides.
The inspector is given a rifle and proves.
As it looks like Bay will escape.
He is an expert marksman.
Bay  however  manages to catch one with his drumsticks.
Another finds its mark.
Bay ends up getting away and finds himself.
He meets a man.
Who is going to commit suicide.
Bay talks him out.
Bay is then picked up and makes his escape.
As the inspector and his men have caught up.
The inspector witnesses the drowning and also meets a polite boy in a red shirt.
Bay has been picked up  and so he joins the film company and works as a dubber on the film.
His performance is a hit  causing the audience to laugh their heads off.
Afterward  Bay gives the man  an idea to start a new political party called Thais Love Thais.
Who looks.
Bay is eventually caught and jailed.
However  Ton and The PC are  too.
Meow and Ooh decide to help Bay escape.
Bay sings a sad song that makes everyone cry.
They are able to rig up an explosion.
Bay runs away.
She sees and guesses the Devil s Drums.
Bay is.
It must be.
Bay s and Ton s teacher  Professor Tuengpo  faced the dark side drummer Ringo Starr.
He defeated Ringo but also died.
He could reveal the secret of the crucial 10th level of the Drums of the Gods.
Bay or Ton must somehow achieve the elusive 10th level.
Order to overcome the forces.
Neither feel.
They are ready.
Thinking perhaps  they check and hole up in a room.
Sex will help them achieve the level.
Bay complains and tells him.
The rooms should all have bathtubs so guests can clean up.
This apparently gives Chuwit the idea to start a chain  all with bathtubs in the massage rooms.
The police again catch up.
Who is knocked unconscious.
The medical examiner tells him.
When he comes.
The body is not Mrs Victoria.
The police wo nt consider the evidence.
However  the ME lets Bay leave the room.
Bay finds the drumming duel and sees.
It is Ton who will face the new Devil s Drums master  who is named Mr Davis.
Bay then realizes.
The secret was the double-sexed technique  which means his penis was cut off and attached to Ton  giving her the power.
There is a climactic drumming duel.
Which all styles are explored.
The result is.
The Drums are victorious.
<EOS>
A once famous and now a washed-up Hollywood screenwriter fighting to finish his latest script.
He finds himself.
The surrounding events feed him inspiration.
<EOS>
About Sudan submerges us in some of the most deeply rooted activities in daily life.
We shall become acquainted with the coffee ceremony  see  meet the Nile  Sufism and travel in a peculiar public transport  the rackshaw.
What happens deep well.
Stroke brushes filled about a surprising country.
<EOS>
A group  ranging from ex-associates to ex-wives and children  talk about the man.
Weber s film traces the man s career  playing with jazz greats like Charlie Parker  Gerry Mulligan  and Russ Freeman  to the.
When his heroin addiction and domestic indifference kept him.
Weber presents a sharp contrast between the younger  handsome Baker -- the statuesque idol --  a seamy looking drugstore cowboy-cum-derelict  as J.
Who resembled a mix.
What he became.
Hoberman put it.
Let s Get Lost begins  and ends at the Cannes Film Festival.
Weber uses these moments to the historic footage contained in the bulk of the film.
The documentation ranges to appearances on The Steve Allen Show and kitschy  low budget Italian films.
Baker did.
<EOS>
The film tells the story to her 2009 departure from office as Secretary of State  and her return to Stanford University.
Rice is a key interviewee  she speaks about her roots in racially explosive Birmingham  her short-lived music career  her fascination with Joseph Stalin and Ronald Reagan  her close friendship with George W.
Bush  right up of her record in government.
The film gives voice  including both Presidents Bush  her stepmother Clara Bailey Rice  Oprah Winfrey  mentor and later critic  Brent Scowcroft  her former fiance  Rick Upchurch  John McCain.
Who praises her.
The film charts Rice s discovery  and her pursuit and use of power.
The title s reference to Faust echoes allegations made.
She sacrificed her principles for political power.
Author Laura Flanders relates.
How she rolled back affirmative action policies  and how she was such a loyal board member for Chevron that they named an oil tanker after her.
Her record is attacked by CIA Director George Tenet  Counter-Terrorism chief Richard Clarke and author Philip Shenon.
They allege.
She ignored various warnings that an Al Qaeda attack was about to happen.
Shenon alleges.
It was both incompetence and negligence.
Rice responds  I just do nt buy the argument.
We were nt shaking the trees enough and that something was gon na to fall out that gave us somehow that little piece that would have led to connecting all of those dots.
<EOS>
The story begins listening to records.
Their father  Dan the Forest Ranger  reminds them they both have school.
The kids go and are soon asleep.
Schaeffer  the humans  pet sheepdog and the newest member Broo stay awake and notice a falling star.
Schaeffer tells Broo.
Wishes can come true if they are made.
Broo makes a wish.
Schaeffer interprets as To be  dancing.
Immediately afterwards  a space shuttle lands.
Who takes the two dogs.
However  Cyril Sneer and Snag are nt happy.
They are wanting some sleep.
They set about to try and stop the music.
They briefly succeed by cutting off the power supply  but Bert manages to restore the power back on.
The party is saved  much.
Bert flys Schaeffer and Broo back home.
The party comes.
Thens flies off.
<EOS>
Emmy Coer is a computer scientist obsessed.
She finds a way.
Ada s ideas are portrayed as limited by discrimination against women in technology  science and mathematics in her time.
Much revolves around Coer s attempts to use genetic engineering to bring Countess Lovelace into the present.
<EOS>
The film is told.
Who trusted and supported Scott until they could not believe him anymore.
Laci Peterson was a pregnant.
She disappeared.
Her husband Scott Peterson  and her family go out to search.
There are no signs.
Months go.
The media and the public begin to suspect.
Scott murdered his wife.
The Rocha family support and defend Scott.
Scott s mistress Amber Frey comes forward and admits to an affair with Scott.
The Rochas start to doubt Scott s innocence  especially Laci s mother  Sharon.
Who had always believed Scott to be the perfect husband.
Finally  the Rocha family publicly announce.
They are.
The body of Laci and Scott s unborn son washed up on shore  the remains of a torso later identified.
Laci washed up a few miles away.
The two were officially declared murdered.
Scott was arrested.
<EOS>
The movie starts.
He is communicating.
He is flying.
Who works.
He passes by a polar bear.
Stands up as the plane flies overhead.
The polar bear is then shown.
Who   kills the bear.
The next scene opens.
Jessie s father Jake begins telling her.
Where he is flying.
At what time he left that location  and his air speed.
Jessie calculates.
Her father is passing Devils Thumb.
The scene shifts.
Where the store worker begins to tell Jessie s brother Sean in which an eagle flew out of the smoke and showed him where to go.
Meanwhile  the very same eagle is sitting.
The worker calls the eagle his Tornac.
Means Spirit Guide.
Sean then walks out and kicks over a trashcan  spilling a carton of oil on the ground.
A local police officer  Sergeant Sam Grazer  witnesses this and approaches Sean.
Jake Barnes lands his plane on a lake.
Where Charlie is waiting to tie the plane up.
Jake receives.
A phone call telling him that his son has been caught engaging.
He picks Sean up.
They talk about.
How Sean hates it  and that he wants to go back to Chicago.
We then see Jake  Sean  and Jessie eating dinner.
Jake receives a call  telling him.
He must make a trip up.
Jessie warns her father.
It is almost dark.
Jake says.
There is plenty.
Sean then scolds his father.
Jessie and Sean s mother died  leaving Sean to wish.
His dad was the one that died instead.
Jake then departs  despite violent weather conditions.
She attempts to communicate.
Jessie begins to worry.
She is able to speak for a small amount of time.
He then loses his connection.
The poor flying conditions cause Jake to crash his plane.
We see Jake  alive  in his downed plane.
Jake shoots a flare gun  hoping.
The helicopter will see the cry.
Unfortunately the helicopter was flying  away from the flare.
Frustrated  Sean and Jessie set out in search of their father.
Whom they assume is still alive.
They stop to rest.
They kayak.
They soon realize.
The shore is home.
They then discover a live polar bear.
Has been locked.
They let the polar bear run free  hoping.
It will save itself.
Sean and Jessie leave the beach.
The bear follows close behind.
The bear interrupts Jessie and Sean  chewing a hole.
They are eating their dinner.
Is rightfully his property.
The bear leaves their camp Colin Perry appears  that he believes.
Koontz then arrives and notices teeth marks.
The bear was there.
Colin s beliefs are confirmed.
The children stole the bear.
When he finds his missing lighter next.
Perry orders.
The kids to tell the bear to come home.
The next day  Jessie and Sean continue.
They leave their kayak and begin searching.
They soon discover.
The polar bear has once again followed them.
Perry and Koontz  too  have followed the youngsters.
This time comes looking.
They destroy the oars and hide the kayak in the woods just in case someone.
Just then Charlie arrives.
Perry shows Charlie a piece and tells him.
He found it.
Charlie then departs.
Who he believes to be.
We find Jessie and Sean.
They descend down a steep mountain side.
Jessie safely reaches the bottom.
Sean slips and tumbles down the mountain  hitting his head.
The two then continue their journey and find a log cabin.
They take.
Shelter and Sean lies down.
Sean notices a canoe hanging.
Jessie and Sean take the canoe and continue on.
The two kids encounter vicious rapids.
They are canoeing down a river.
Send them and their canoe.
Jessie is able to escape the raging river but  once again  Sean s lack causes him to struggle.
He is thrust down the river.
Where he is helped out by Jessie s friend Chip and his grandfather.
Chip s father wants to send Jessie and Sean home.
Chip and his grandfather wish to help the two.
The two proceed with their befriended polar bear.
Whom they named Cubby.
Cubby leads them.
He is shot by Colin.
He then takes Cubby away.
Koontz did nt load the darts  allowing Cubby to awaken in the helicopter and trying to fight his way free.
Cubby escapes  causing Perry to shoot Koontz and damage the helicopter as well.
Koontz lowers the helicopter.
Meanwhile  the children continue.
They stumble and begin yelling.
Him to respond.
Not able  their father shoots another flare.
To yell.
This time the children see it and run.
They find the plane hanging.
Jessie lowers Sean down the side to reach their father.
Cubby appears and helps Jessie pull the rope.
As it looks like Jessie is going to lose control.
Jessie and Sean are able to raise their father up the side of the mountain.
Charlie shows up.
As the family is reunited.
<EOS>
Two beautiful women roam the English countryside  luring unsuspecting men.
But  they find.
When an innocent young couple stumble.
Themselves sucked.
<EOS>
Peter OToole is Emil Saber  a retired British soldier and collector.
To complete his collection  Emil travels to Jersalem to seek out the seventh and final one.
Emil beings to lose his mind and eventually believes Herod himself.
He is the reincarnated.
This does not go well.
Who possess the coin  American tourist Ronnie and Arab pickpocket Salim.
The teenagers must avoid him.
Emil continues.
Also protecting the coin.
<EOS>
Magnolia Hawks is an eighteen-year-old boat  the Cotton Palace.
Travels the Mississippi River putting.
She meets.
Gaylord Ravenal  a charming gambler  falls with him  and eventually marries him.
The couple leaves the boat and moves to Chicago.
Where they live off Gaylord s gambling winnings.
He experiences an especially bad losing streak and leaves Magnolia.
That he is ruining her life because of his losses.
Magnolia is forced to bring up her young daughter alone  but is reunited after twenty-three years.
Julie LaVerne is forced to leave the boat because of her background  taking Steve Baker with her.
Julie is eventually also abandoned.
She consequently becomes an alcoholic.
Which she presumably never recovers.
Her husband  Steve  also presumably never returns.
But Julie   secretly enables her to become a success.
Who was Magnolia s best friend.
Ravenal has abandoned Magnolia.
Magnolia and Ravenal are reunited at the theatre.
Which Kim  their daughter  is appearing.
The final sequence  however  does retain reprises.
You Are Love and Ol Man River.
<EOS>
The film begins.
Who offers a little boy named Martin Bristol his nephew s bike and kidnaps him.
Graham cuts.
Martin s cheek then proceeds to butcher a young woman.
Martin attempts to escape and makes a run  but Graham catches him and returns him to the farmhouse.
Future female victims captive.
Graham brutally butchers several young women with Martin forced to witness the horrific acts of violence.
Graham is seen.
The story then shifts perspective.
Who comes to live.
She sees Martin.
Out. 
She is almost hit by a truck and falls along the road.
There she meets local teenager named William  and the two bond and form a relationship.
One night  Jonathan  her uncle  discovers her.
The next day  upset  Allison goes.
She sees Martin.
She is captured.
The following day  Jonathan gets concerned.
She never returned home.
He drives.
Where he is shot dead by Graham.
William drives and sees Jonathan s abandoned car and becomes curious.
He investigates the area and discovers Allison trapped.
He is soon horribly killed.
Allison manages to escape and rescue a mute  blood-covered Martin.
Meanwhile  Graham takes Jonathan s body.
Where he stabs and kills Jonathan s wife.
Their young daughter hides upstairs.
Allison arrives.
As it has been set by Graham.
She stabs Graham twice  he stumbles and runs off.
He was about to kidnap her young cousin.
She runs downstairs and calls the police.
When suddenly she is horribly stabbed repeatedly by Martin  who has now inherited Graham s psychopathic behavior.
Martin goes upstairs.
Where the screen fades black.
Her scream is heard.
The house burns down.
Martin returns and kills Graham with an ax.
The next morning  the authorities arrive.
Where the Miller s Beagle is the only survivor.
Martin uses.
Bones remains to construct a skeletal shrine in the farmhouse  with a Bull Skull as the head.
Martin is then seen staring out the window.
The movie jumps.
A further five years  where a young girl is shown running away  enters the farmhouse and discovers an adult Martin sitting at the table.
She asks  Can you help me.
<EOS>
Dan Hardesty is an escaped murderer  sentenced to hang.
He meets Joan Ames  a terminally-ill woman  in a bar.
They share a drink  then Dan breaks his glass  followed.
Police Sergeant Steve Burke captures Dan.
When he leaves and escorts his prisoner.
Dan jumps into the water in a bid to escape  dragging a handcuffed Steve with him  but spots Joan among the passengers and changes his mind.
He persuades Steve to remove his handcuffs.
The ship is underway.
Dan and Joan fall on the month-long cruise  neither knowing.
The other is.
Two of Dan s friends are also aboard  thief Skippy and con artist Barrel House Betty  masquerading as Countess Barilhaus.
The countess distracts Steve as much.
She can to help Dan.
At Honolulu  Steve has Dan put in the brig.
He escapes and goes ashore.
Joan intercepts him.
They spend an idyllic day together.
Dan starts to tell her.
When they drive back.
He can not return  only to have her faint.
Dan carries her aboard  forfeiting his chance.
Later  Joan s doctor tells Dan and.
The slightest excitement or shock could be fatal.
Meanwhile  the countess has spent.
A romance blooms.
He awkwardly proposes.
When they.
She tells him her true identity.
He still wants to marry her.
A steward overhears the grim truth and   tells her.
Steve and Dan get ready to disembark.
When Joan comes looking.
The two lovers part know each other s secret.
Joan collapses.
Dan is out.
They had agreed to meet again.
A bartender is startled.
When two glasses break with no one around.
<EOS>
Radio show presenter Maly deals.
Her co-host and producer are found dead.
Maly is terrified.
Her own life is  even under police protection.
She feels increasingly  the question for her and the audience is - will she crack.
The murderer is caught.
<EOS>
Sandy and Jonathan are roommates.
Whose lives are explored and seem to offer a contrast.
Spanning a 25-year period  in the mid-1940s to middle aged adulthood in the early 1970s  the film explores their relationships with various women  Susan  Bobbie  Jennifer  Cindy  and Louise.
<EOS>
Peru  1774  A bridge has spanned a gorge  but it collapses.
Five people die.
Brother Juniper travels to pay a visit to Uncle Pio  and tells him the story of.
What led up.
A popular actress  Michaela Villegas  was acquainted.
She is asked to wait.
He is away.
A jealous Esteban hides her letters.
The Viceroy tries.
Manuel returns.
A spiteful Viceroy has him placed.
Michaela warns him  so the Viceroy pardons him.
He is turning Manuel.
But  Marquesa and Esteban end up three of the doomed five on the bridge.
<EOS>
13 years after his mother s death  illusionist Harry Houdini has begun debunking mystics  psychics and others.
Who claim to have paranormal powers.
He offers US$.
Who can quote his mother s dying words.
Impoverished and uneducated Scottish con artist Mary McGarvie and her daughter Benji set their sights.
When he visits Edinburgh.
Mary s psychic act pulls  Benji surreptitiously gathers information on members of the audience  information.
Mary uses to con them.
Their only obstacle is Houdini s protective manager  Sugarman.
Mary manages to charm the unsuspecting magician.
Sugarman intervenes  trying to prevent Houdini.
They spend more and more time together.
Whom he is suspicious.
Sugarman s main desire is to see Mary and Benji gone  they claim.
They will be gone once they secure the reward for finding out what Houdini s mother said to him on her death bed.
Sugarman realizes.
He ca nt get rid as easily as he had hoped.
Mary is caught trying to open Houdini s chest and covers up.
She was just searching to channel the psychic energy of the deceased.
Benji gets the key.
They turn again.
When Mary and Benji fail to turn up any useful information.
He tells them and missed seeing his mother.
Houdini was out doing a show.
She died.
Mary is unable to perform the experiment and attempts to leave.
When the time comes.
Benji starts having a fit on the ground and claims to be channelling Houdini s mother on her death bed  uttering the words of the Kaddish and addressing Houdini as Ehrich  his real name  and speaking partly in German and partly in German-accented English asking.
Where he is  and why he is not.
This could be interpreted by the young artist.
Houdini reveals the eternal shame.
When the note he wrote to confirm the veracity was removed from its safe and shown to be blank.
He feels because he was nt able to reach his mother before she died  and thus was unable to comfort her  or to hear her final words.
The McGarvies are awarded the $.
Mary is disgruntled.
She believes Harry does not love her as she believed.
They become romantically involved.
When he says he does.
Houdini leaves  in Montreal.
He is climbing a set of stairs.
When a Red-Haired Prankster punches him while he was not prepared  rupturing his appendix  eventually killing him.
<EOS>
Lorelei Lee and Dorothy Shaw are showgirls and best friends.
Lorelei has a passion  knowing.
Attracting a rich husband is one.
She is engaged willing to do or buy anything for her.
He  however  is.
Who calls him twice a day.
Dorothy   is looking for love  attracted only by men.
Who are good-looking and fit.
Lorelei has planned to marry in France  but Esmond  Sr.
Stops his son  believing.
Lorelei is bad.
Lorelei s job requires.
She does.
Gus gives her a letter  warning her to behave.
If his father hears rumors  his father will certainly prohibit their marriage.
Unbeknownst.
Has hired a private detective  Ernie Malone  to spy.
Malone  however  immediately falls with Dorothy.
Dorothy has already been drawn to the members of the Olympic athlete team  and is disappointed.
They are required to go at the shank of the evening.
Lorelei meets the rich and foolish Sir Francis Piggy Beekman  the owner  and is attracted by his wealth and naively returns his geriatric flirtations.
Piggy is entranced and his wife  annoyed.
Lady Beekman proudly shows Lorelei her diamond tiara.
Lorelei invites the old gent  whereupon.
He recounts his travels.
Malone spies and takes pictures of Piggy hugging Lorelei under the guise of explaining.
A python squeezes a goat.
Dorothy catches Malone walking away nonchalantly.
She tells Lorelei.
Who fears.
They come up.
They invite Malone  take his pants off to dry them out  and find the film in his pants pocket.
Lorelei promptly prints and hides the negatives.
Piggy is relieved.
His wife wo nt see the pictures.
Lorelei  feeling  persuades Piggy to give her his wife s diamond tiara.
She deserves a reward.
But then Malone reveals.
He has taped Lorelei s and Piggy s conversations.
Malone implies and   admits that he himself is a liar.
Lorelei is a golddigger.
When Dorothy dismisses him out.
Lorelei chastises her.
When Dorothy tells Lorelei she is falling.
When she could as easily have a rich man - and diamonds.
They arrive and spend time shopping  but are then kicked out of the hotel  Lorelei s letter of credit has been cancelled because of.
What Gus s father has learned.
Lorelei rebuffs him.
When Gus shows up.
It is.
Lorelei performs Diamonds are a Girl s Best Friend  the musical number whose lyrics explain why and how women need to pursue men in order to pay their rent and buy food.
Lady Beekman has filed charges.
Lorelei and Dorothy fulfill their Paris nightclub engagement.
Lorelei is charged.
Dorothy persuades Lorelei to return the tiara.
It s missing.
Sir Francis tries to weasel out.
When Malone catches him.
Dorothy stalls by pretending to be Lorelei  disguised in a blonde wig and mimicking her friend s breathy voice and mannerisms  and putting on a musical number show in the middle of the courtroom.
Attracts  confuses and flusters the assembled.
She reveals.
When Malone appears and is about to unmask Lorelei as Dorothy.
She  Dorothy  loves him but would never forgive him if he were to do anything to hurt her best friend  Lorelei.
Malone withdraws his comments.
But he does reveal.
Piggy has the tiara  which is returned by the court.
Back  Lorelei impresses him with her acumen on the subject of patriarchal money  I do nt want to marry him for his money  I want to marry him for your money.
Do nt you know.
A man being rich is.
He willingly consents.
Esmond sees how smart she is.
The two women have a double wedding  still singing.
Together as they did.
<EOS>
Fur trapper Jean La Bete paddles his canoe.
Order to sell a load.
A steamboat is landing and the trader and his foster-child Eve  arrive at the seaport to fetch mail and consumer goods.
The trader explains and paid their fines and their passages with a guarantee of marriage.
The ship brings Jailbirds  and that their husbands-to-be had bailed them out.
Later  the captain is auctioning off one.
Her husband-to-be has died.
Jean La Bete decides to take his chance to buy the wife.
He makes his bid too late.
Next day  the trader s wife   seizes the opportunity to offer her foster-child for thousand dollars to the simple-minded  rough-cut trapper.
She praises the qualities and explains.
Her inability to speak is caused.
La Bete finally agrees to buy the mute girl and takes her into the breathtakingly beautiful wilderness of British Columbia.
Here the strange couple starts a difficult relationship characterized.
Eve vehemently rejects the advances.
La Bete takes her and acquaints her with the beauty and the dangers of the wilderness.
Here  as well  he fails to win her trust.
The lonely trapper still spends the nights alone.
One day   La Bete is threatened by a mountain lion.
He successfully shoots the cat but inadvertently gets his foot.
Badly injured  he tries to drag himself back.
Meanwhile  Eve is waiting and hears the distant howling of the wolves approaching the hut.
Equipped she sets out in search for La Bete.
Together they can get rid.
La Bete s foot is broken  so he asks Eve to bring the medicine man away.
The Canadian winter has already come  so Eve puts  and starts a long  arduous walk over snow covered hill tops.
She finally reaches the village only to find it totally deserted.
Returning empty-handed  Eve finds La Bete already suffering.
Having no time to lose  he urges the terrified girl to immediately chop off his poisoned leg using an axe.
Eve acts as commanded.
La Bete has stunned himself.
Her patient instantly passes out.
Eve succeeds.
She has learned to hunt on her own and is now capable to provide for the couple.
Eventually they seem to come closer  the hobbled trapper no longer appears that gruesome.
But her childhood trauma is still keeping her.
Consequently  she flees.
Here   she remains an outsider.
Being welcome.
Even the impending marriage can not overcome her inner barriers.
She runs away again.
Order to finally return.
<EOS>
Jimmy Starks is a smooth-talking salesman certain.
He s.
A soothsayer named.
When his car stalls.
Vacaro turns his world upside down.
Slick salesman Jimmy Starks has auto problems.
He visits low-rent fortune teller Vacaro to pass the time.
His car is.
The supposed seer tells him  but looking deeper relates the information.
He will have good fortune soon.
His future is blank.
He is safe only.
Which there is no future to foretell.
The act upsets Jimmy and rekindles old transgressions and makes.
Him feel he is especially when an old friend Vincent returns from a jail sentence that he went to in Jimmy s place after a bad business deal.
Jimmy becomes obsessed.
The old man can only tell the salesman all he can see.
He has related.
Jimmy feels.
Vincent has returned to kill him and that he must do something to change the course.
Vacaro convinces him to accept his fate.
<EOS>
The film starts American West featuring a bald eagle gliding over the homeland of the mustangs.
Resembles several western US National Parks.
There is then a scene showing the birth.
Spirit soon grows  and assumes the role of leader of the herd.
Whose duty it is to keep the herd safe.
This is demonstrated.
When he saves two foals.
Spirit is a courageous leader  but has a serious mischievous streak and a high sense.
Spotting a camp one night not far  the stallion is unable to control his curiosity and moves towards it.
He s never seen humans before.
The humans are vicious.
He is captured and taken to a US cavalry post.
The army is fighting the Indian Wars and taking over the soon-to-be western United States.
There he encounters  The Colonel.
The Colonel attempts to tame the mustang.
Spirit manages to outwit all.
Who attempt to ride him.
A Lakota Native American named.
Little Creek is also brought  through the night and day they become friends.
Along with several army horses  escape the post.
Little Creek s own paint mare  Rain  meets them  along.
Who loosely capture Spirit.
Little Creek ties Spirit and Rain together  much to Spirit s dismay.
Rain willingly shows Spirit her world.
Spirit begins to understand their ways and falls with the mare.
His romantic affections  however  do not soften his yearning to be free.
Little Creek decides and frees him.
Spirit should never be tamed.
A Cavalry Regiment led ransacks the Lakota village.
Spirit asks Rain to come to his herd.
Rain is shot  knocking her into the river.
Spirit knocks the colonel  saving Little Creek s life.
Spirit dives to try to rescue Rain  but is unsuccessful.
They both plummet.
Having both survived  Spirit comforts Rain.
She is dying until cavalry scouts tear him away and sell him to be used for the constructing railroad.
As Spirit is being led away.
Spirit and other stolen horses are loaded and taken to a work site on the Transcontinental Railroad.
Where they are put to work pulling a steam locomotive when attempts to tunnel have failed even with explosives.
Spirit realizes.
If the track extends it will infringe on his homeland.
Spirit breaks free and breaks the chains holding the other horses to the sledge.
This causes the locomotive to fall off its sledge and down the steep hill.
Where it collides  causing a boiler explosion which starts the camp and woods on fire.
Little Creek appears  saves Spirit  and takes him to safety.
The next morning  Colonel and his men find Spirit and Little Creek.
A climactic chase scene ensues.
Where the two again outsmart the Army.
Spirit also makes a freedom jump.
Amazes The Colonel.
The Colonel stops one from shooting the two and exchanges nods of respect with Spirit before they part.
Spirit races back with Little Creek.
Spirit finds Rain.
Who is still alive  nursed back by the Lakota people.
Little Creek decides to name the Kiger mustang.
Little Creek  knowing  sets Spirit and Rain free.
It s.
Eventually  the two horses joyfully meet up.
Viewers then see the eagle.
He flies up.
<EOS>
The plot revolves.
Who gather in the country side.
Unfortunately  one happens to be from their devil-worshipping nephew  and upon opening it  the two loveable grannies turn into vicious  flesh-eating monsters.
Who will not stop until they have loved each and every one to death.
<EOS>
Adam Lerner is a 27-year-old public radio journalist.
Whom his best friend and co-worker Kyle disapproves.
Adam learns.
He has schwannoma neurofibrosarcoma and must undergo chemotherapy.
He sees.
His chances are.
His overbearing mother  Diane   wants to move in and care.
Adam reveals his diagnosis.
Who already cares.
Adam rejects this offer.
Rachael has promised to be the one to take care.
Rachael  however  is uncomfortable going during Adam s chemo treatments.
Later  Kyle sees Rachael kissing another man  and tells Adam.
Rachael is cheating.
Adam and Rachael break up.
Kyle attempts to keep Adam s spirits high.
Include helping Adam shave his head prior and suggesting that Adam use his illness as a way to pick up women.
Meanwhile  Adam skeptically begins going at the hospital.
He slowly begins.
Their relationship and sessions have a rocky start.
To open up about his disease and how it is affecting him.
The two develop a rapport.
The lines begins to blur.
Adam also befriends Alan and Mitch  two older cancer patients.
Who are also undergoing chemotherapy.
Adam s fears become more evident.
Mitch suddenly dies.
His treatment is not working and that he needs to undertake a risky surgery.
The night  Adam has an argument with Kyle and demands to drive Kyle s car.
Kyle is drunk -- even though Adam does not have a driver s license.
Adam breaks down and criticises Kyle for seemingly not taking his illness seriously.
Adam calls Katherine and tells her.
He wishes he had a girlfriend  but also says he is tired and just wants it to be over.
That night  Adam stays and finds a book on surviving cancer  filled with notes and annotations  proving.
Kyle does care and is worried for him.
The next day drops Adam off at the hospital  Adam embraces Kyle for being a good friend and apologising for.
What he said the previous night.
He undergoes his surgery.
Adam says what could be his final farewells.
Kyle  Diane  and Katherine are told by the doctor.
Adam should recover.
Some time later  Adam is getting ready  with Kyle encouraging him and cleaning the incision on Adam s back from the surgery.
The doorbell rings and Adam lets Katherine.
Kyle leaves.
Katherine asks Now what.
<EOS>
Perla is a dressmaker.
Who lives and works.
Perla discovers  She can generate heat and electricity with her hands.
She has developed superpowers.
Lightning flashes come out.
She becomes famous as the superhero  Volta.
Volta s main objective is to prevent Celphora  an ambitious engineer.
Celphora   wants to capture Volta to use her as a power source for her Telstra Technology.
Volta is a story and turns in an ordinary life.
What matters.
Does nt fail to give a spark to anyone.
<EOS>
The story follows Jaime Lara  a passenger.
Whose ship makes a stop.
Lara elopes  leaving his wife onboard  and walks around the city  coming to meet a beautiful yet frivolous hooker  Isa.
Jaime and Isa go.
Jaime would rather talk than anything else.
Meanwhile  the captain is looking for Isa to settle a score.
Drunk  he meets Isa s neighbor and fellow prostitute  Tita.
Who falls.
Jaime and Isa walk around the city and make a stop.
They have a chance encounter.
Who are short.
They immediately approach them and ask them to join them.
When they see Isa try a gown.
They re introduced.
Who hosts a rehearsal.
Jaime and Isa perform marvelously.
They read while acting.
Pamela congratulates them and has them driven away.
Isa refuses to have sex.
The following day they take a stroll.
Isa  unaware  questions him.
Jaime has a wife waiting on the ship.
He dismisses her questions.
He promises.
He will never leave her  and that they will both move.
Isa is happy.
They return.
Where Jaime is distracted.
Tita comes up and asks Isa down.
Cristian confronts Isa.
He tells her.
He has changed  and asks her to come back.
Isa  however  refuses  and goes back upstairs to find.
Jaime has abandoned her and gone back.
Tita  having heard Cristian s proposal  shoots herself dead with Cristian s revolver.
A steward walks in and takes Cristian away back.
The final scene shows Isa back  waiting to prostitute herself.
An embittered Isa remembers Jaime s promises.
The screen fades.
<EOS>
The peaceful Morris family moves and buy the town grocery store  only to run into the Cullens  a family.
S been bullying the townspeople.
They begin to torment the Morrises every chance.
They get.
Matt Morris begins seeing a girl named Becky.
Whose last name is unfortunately Cullen.
Matt and Becky have to keep their relationship a secret.
Harassment is elevated.
When the feuding families find out.
<EOS>
Farmer Arthur Hoggett and Babe are famous.
Esme Hoggett  his wife  embraces their fame.
Arthur wants to tend.
Esme tries to take over the farm but two men come from the bank one day  telling them a week behind.
The farm has nt paid the rent and are.
Esme rushes  remembering a letter about.
They will get a generous appearance fee.
They do it.
They will be able to keep the farm.
They leave.
A confused sniffer dog starts barking to get rewarded.
They strip search Esme and X-Ray Babe.
They miss their next flight and are stranded  unable to go forward or back.
A man gives her the address.
Where he says she can stay.
Esme finds the hotel and finds out.
The landlady there has taken to protect them.
Esme goes out to call.
Arthur and Babe is kidnapped.
The orangutan  Thelonius  and the apes  Bob  Zootie and Easy   are loyal.
Who are dressed.
Whom they call ` Himself.
He tells Esme.
When a panicked Esme and Landlady talk.
She leaves to search but is arrested.
She causes an uproar.
Babe chooses to perform.
Floom serves Babe and  after being pulled back by his braces  is told.
It is too rare.
Babe crawls off the plate and runs to try and talk to Thelonius but   the show ends in disaster.
Floom falls and sets off a fire.
Floom is later taken.
He is ill.
The concerned Landlady stays and leaves all the animals alone in the hotel unprotected.
Thelonius broods  the three chimpanzees leave to find food.
Babe follows them and mentions his sheep herding skills.
Bob uses Babe.
Continue their search.
Frightened  Babe runs away  but the spike keeping the dogs chained up breaks free.
The dogs give chase.
Babe loses one but is still pursued by the bull terrier with the spiked collar.
The dog rams  gnashing his teeth at his throat.
Babe tumbles into the river  the bull terrier missed his throat and got Babe s collar.
He leaps off the bridge but the spike gets caught in the rungs of the bridge.
Held him in the alley.
He dangles.
His head is submurged.
Babe swims  after careful consideration  chooses to rescue the bull terrier from drowning.
This earns him the respect and the loyalty of the once-dangerous bull terrier.
Babe allows the strays.
Zootie goes and gives birth to twins.
Ferdinand   is finally able to reach him.
Who has been trying to find Babe after he left the farm.
The animals sing Farmer Hoggett s song.
I d sing you a morning.
Hortense  hearing the song  realizes.
The hotel is filled and calls the officials to dispose of them.
They arrive and grab them  shoving them.
The animals are celebrating.
Bob hides Zootie.
Easy s tape player is stolen and thrown.
Makes him chase and get.
Zootie is found and taken.
Cats and dogs are seized.
Thelonius  sitting  is nabbed in a net.
He drops his bowl.
The goldfish lies  suffocating.
Babe sees it and rushes in beg him to help.
A man hooks a leash and hauls him away.
They reach the bottom.
Ferdinad  seeing flies.
What s happening.
Who is knocked.
The vase upwards and shatters on the landing.
Babe canters  leaving footprints.
He goes.
He scoops the fish up and flings him into the river.
The fish gives a relieved sigh and thanks Babe.
The man comes in.
Babe attempts to jump out but the man grabs the leash.
Babe dangles  swinging from the leash.
Tug  the monkey  jumps.
Who stole Esme s suitcase.
Babe struggles and follows Tug and Ferdinad to the truck.
Where the animals are being put.
Flealick  the wheelchair confined puppy  seizes a woman.
Gets caught.
The van drives off.
Babe tells him to let go.
He does nt hear him.
The van careens round a corner and the trousers rip  sending Flealick flying.
Babe gets him out and   Flealick and Tug set off to find Esme Hoggett and the animals.
They find the animals.
They sneak in and free the animals from their cages.
They are about to leave.
When they find Thelonius dressing.
He claims.
When asked.
He is indecent unless he is dressed.
Ferdinad grows impatient.
He pulls up his braces.
He is about to leave.
When a man locks the door that Babe opened to get out.
They are trapped.
Babe sees a skylight leading out and has an idea.
Everybody frets.
Meanwhile  Esme Hoggett tells her story.
Who told her  and is set free because the judge has grown up on a farm.
The man/judge clears her name.
She returns and finds it empty.
She ventures up the stairs  walking over the shattered vase.
She turns back and bends down to look.
Her dress splits down the back and Esme gasps.
Pig.
She comes  clutching her uncle s clown costume.
Where Babe went and finds the landlady.
She tels Esme.
Her uncle died.
Hortense turned the animals.
The Landlady lends her uncle s clown costume -- barrel.
Esme s only dress is ruined.
Jangle and squeak as she walks.
Esme pounds.
Hortense answers then asks savagely.
Where are our animals.
The animals made a pyrimaid to climb up and reach the skylight and clambered out  leading across a car park to a hospital and ballroom.
Esme and the landlady use a two-seater clown bike and ride.
Told where the animals are.
Esme clings round a fountain  speeding into the car park.
Flealick   rushes over  yapping.
Who got lost.
The women follow him.
A man outside  eating a burger  sees Esme and laughs.
Esme asks.
He s seen the animals.
He mocks her.
A pig  cats  dogs  monkeys  that sort.
There s a shatter.
They rush in to investigate.
The chef leads them.
Esme pushes.
He seizes her through the kitchen  heading for the ballroom.
Where a banquet is being held.
Several other chefs and waiters grab Esme and try to keep her out.
She struggles and gasps.
Babe dashes past.
Esme wrestles herself free and darts.
The chef seizes her.
She rushes.
She stops.
The braces hold her back.
The chefs all grab the braces and haul her.
She flies backwards  tumbling.
Esme frees herself and she and the landlady burst.
All the animals scarper for cover.
The Landlady tells the chef.
When Babe is kidnapped.
That s not your pig.
And she calls Esme warning her Esme.
She sprays him.
The fire-extinguisher then runs.
She realises.
She s trapped.
Seeing this  she climbs and ties the elastic braces from the costume to a streamer from the chandelier.
She exclaims  I am Esme Cordelia Hoggett   And I have come.
She pulls the knot finally.
She looks down then jumps  her braces taughtening and bouncing her back up.
She misses Babe and grabs the chef s hat instead.
She regains her composure and spots the chef again.
Clutching the trousers she runs.
The braces lift her.
She swings down  missing him once again.
She starts circling the room  boncing up and down uncontrolably.
She pushes a desert trolley.
He drops Babe and crashes.
She swings dangerously.
Who is shielding a tottering tower.
He falls.
It collapses.
Bob and Zooty have climbed.
Esme swings off  her shoes have fallen off.
She clings.
Panting and clinging  she hears a strange noise and looks down.
An inflatable  flesh-colored suit is rapidly expanding like a balloon.
The waiter gets up and sees this.
He looks and sees.
As he was falling  he accidentally pulled off a tab.
He realises and looks up  falling off.
Thelonius clambers up the walls.
The braces are attached.
Somehow has attached itself.
Esme tries again and again.
Thelonius clambers and stretches the braces more to help her get lower to Babe.
More chefs remove their jackets and tie their braces.
Esme swings down.
They nearly collide.
Esme knocks the waiter.
Who is holding Babe over and snatches Babe back.
Ferdinad squawks beams at Babe.
Suddenly the chandelier gives a groan.
The weight is too much.
The cable snaps.
The chandelier plummets.
Esme screams.
They drop.
The chefs braces snap.
They crash.
Esme riccochetes  using the balloon as a spacehopper.
She rolls over  dropping Babe.
She gets tangled.
Thelonius tries to help her.
Babe tries to find Zooty s second baby.
He spots it.
It falls.
He alerts Thelonius.
Who catches it.
Zooty thank him but Thelonius thanks the Pig.
All is restored to its true self with the animals moving in the farm as well as Thelonius  Arthur checks one last time to check  he smiles.
They have clean water.
The water pours.
Holding his braces he looks and  once again  says  That ll do  Pig.
That ll do.
<EOS>
The death is the beginning  all the humanity left.
When the night begins  comes the undead.
A simple Mosquito bite infected has spread death  from the humid rain forest.
The virus came  with a mortality rate of one hundred percentAwakening  Zombie Night 2 Movie - MoviesOnline.
The Lethal Mosquito virus is forgotten.
The time is running outReview of Awakening  Zombie Night 2 - quietearth.
Us. 
<EOS>
Twenty-one year old Valentine is a part-time teacher preparing.
She meets Edouard  a jazz musician.
Who aspires to be a composer.
The two have different schedules and career agendas.
Valentine compares her relationship to the dry dissertation of Moliere s The Misanthrope during her oral exams at the Sorbonne.
<EOS>
Harrison Bergeron lives.
The audience is told.
It was mandated that all people be equal in all things.
The social norm of this society has become egalitarianism.
Citizens strive to be to all around them.
Mankind is perfecting the perfectly average human being.
Is made up.
What is not accomplished.
The most prominent of which are only showing mind numbing shows  and a headband device worn by all citizens which modulates intelligence  dialing up or down a person s IQ in order to arrive at a ` perfect .
There are limits  however.
Harrison Bergeron is one such case.
He is a total failure  consistently receiving A s.
His headband is consistently modified to dampen his intelligence  he still continues to excel.
Harrison goes to see a doctor.
It is determined.
The headband is unsuccessful because Harrison s synaptic connections reroute themselves in order to overcome the inhibitions the headband is designed to place on the thought process.
He is told.
He will have to have an operation akin to permanently lower his intelligence.
He goes to a head house.
Where   men make plans to make high-end educational conversation with exceptionally smart women.
Illegal device-free women are paid to play chess and conduct intelligent conversations.
Unfortunately  his first intelligent conversation ever is interrupted.
Phillipa addressees a hidden camera saying  not to take him away  and.
The raid is underway.
She likes him.
He is approached.
Being held captive.
Who offers him an alternative.
Harrison falls there  but he illegally impregnates her.
She is lobotomized.
He feels and decides to take action.
He can no longer continue to betray his values.
He breaks and reveals the truth about the secret society to the viewers.
Eventually  the guards break through.
Later on he is forced to make an appearance and pretend.
The broadcast was not real.
Instead  he uses his chance to commit suicide.
The story is framed.
Who are watching the incident  but who  because of his father s handicapping due to his superior intelligence and his mother s less than average intelligence  can not concentrate enough to appreciate what occurs nor remember it.
A young boy and his friend get together in his bedroom to watch the first four hours of Bergeron s broadcast  without their bands.
Downstairs  one boy s mother looks up the stairs  she is seen to be Phillipa.
<EOS>
A tough cowboy  Robert Sands is banished.
He moves and gets a job as bodyguard and guardian to a wealthy and spoiled young man.
He falls with a restaurant owner Sands is charged with protecting.
Who has compromising letters.
<EOS>
The film deals.
Who have fled to Shanghai  where they are living under the brutal thumb of their adoptive parents.
Xiao Yun has already been forced.
Her sister serves.
Soon the sisters realize.
The adoptive parents have decided to sell Xiao Hong  whereupon they seek the aid of their neighbors  a street musician  Xiao Chen  and his misfit friends.
Street Angel is often praised.
One sequence.
Where Xiao Chen and his friends attempt to act.
<EOS>
Gagan did not like to socialise.
His wife Chitra loved attending parties.
One day Chitra s friend Lola invited her.
The Kolkata Book Fair took off and so Gagan wanted to go to the book fair.
Savitri lived from an early age.
One day her uncle sold her from.
Where Savitri escaped and took shelter.
She went.
When Gagan s wife saw Savitri.
Gagan and Abalakanta helped.
Savitri learn etiquettes and the ways.
One day Gagan thought.
But Savitri did not agree to marry Abalakanta.
Sandip came and was confused on seeing Savitri.
Gagan then realised.
So he arranged in his house.
But Chitra s servant gave the information.
Gagan was getting married.
So Chitra came with her grandfather.
Finally Chitra realised.
The bridegroom was her brother Sandip.
The film thus ends.
<EOS>
An interstellar expedition is sent to study a strange planet far.
Creatures appear to inhabit the world.
Though their civilization should have no knowledge.
<EOS>
Groups arrived seeking their fortune  this documentary focuses on the Jewish presence in California during the Gold Rush.
This feature traces the arrival in the ` rough and tumble  West and follows and establishing communities.
They settled and grew.
Have grown to become more valuable in a sense.
The city was San Francisco  this was due to an earlier find at Sutter s Mill located in Northern California.
Most  49ers arrived.
Almost 100000 miners descended upon the area   been an insignificant remote outpost up until then.
Had. 
The people  traveled.
Came. 
Fleeing unstable governments  seeking religious freedom and fortune  some Jews journeyed all the way to the Pacific Coast.
The untamed West s way.
Which these Jews settled down.
These documents give viewers a glance into the unruly bars and casinos of yesteryear  in a time.
When lawlessness was rampant.
Jews in the community took the opportunity to prosper.
Businessmen such as Levi Strauss were extremely successful through the sale of canvas trousers to prospectors headed to the gold fields.
However   the liberal climate of California s growing cities grew to be very frustrating.
August Helbing founded the Eureka Benevolent Society.
That Jews would have an appropriate manner in which they could occupy themselves.
The only option for these Jews was to spend time in the rear of their places of business.
They would not frequent betting halls or theatrical plays.
Signs of the Jewish religion were showing up all over the city of San Francisco.
The first Jewish congregation established celebrated Rosh Hashanah in.
Shortly afterwards a kosher butcher  local mohel service and a cemetery were established.
Area Jews lived.
The cities and towns developed even further.
Various minority ethnic and racial groups living were barred from bearing witness in Court.
Served under the law.
This and other injustices caused the Golden State to tackle matters.
Northern California s unique Jewish community has continued to flourish.
The legacy is now part of the cultural fabric of the American West.
Starting out from various parts of the world and ending up in the middle of California s Gold Rush  the Golden State s distinctive population of Jews up north has unceasingly thrived.
The heritage is an integral component of the enriching structure of the West Coast of the United States.
<EOS>
This comedy follows with the series of films of the same name.
Chow Tung is a licentious man.
Who was arranged to get married along to partners not of their choice.
Chow  being a filial son  agrees to go along.
The plot thickens.
When Chow meets the beautiful Snow White and decides to marry her.
Unknown schemes a plan and Chow Tung was married instead to Jinx.
The entire film uses mistaken identity  this theme is repeated.
All s Well  Ends Well Too.
<EOS>
The Queen is in a bad marriage with the brutal King Constantine II.
She decides to get away and goes on vacation to Switzerland.
There  she meets Paul Verdayne.
They have an affair.
Lasts. 
<EOS>
Jojo  a young neer - do-well  finds a job at the Quickie Express  at Quickie Express  all gigolos pose as pizza delivery boys.
He and fellow gigolos Marley and Piktor begin at the bottom of the hierarchy  servicing less desirable clients.
The three are soon promoted.
Jojo brings her home to keep an eye.
The trio meet Lila  after she is injured in a bar fight.
They not long afterwards meet -- he had thought and was bathing with it.
She leaves before he wakes up.
When Marley has to have a piranha removed.
The fish was a Flowerhorn cichlid.
Jojo and Lila begin dating   Mona takes Jojo to be her exclusive gigolo.
Jojo learns  he also meets her closeted gangster father  Jan Pieter Gunarto.
She is the daughter.
He attempts to break off his contract.
He can be.
She threatens to tell her daughter.
Gunarto attempts to make advances on him but is turned down.
Unable to cope  Jojo visits her at work and tells her  and breaks off their relationship.
When he loves Lila.
He is a gigolo  she does not accept this.
Gunarto tells his bear Mattheo.
Mattheo becomes enraged to Quickie Express to find Jojo  leaving Gunarto behind.
Mattheo chases Jojo through Jakarta to a fairground.
Where he corners Jojo.
Jojo falls  but is caught by Marley and Piktor   Mattheo falls to his death.
When the Ferris wheel starts moving.
Jojo later becomes a pimp.
Marley and Piktor find work elsewhere.
<EOS>
Set  Lucy and Norman  a young married couple  decide to visit an English friend  Paul.
Whose relationship is going.
Who lives.
Standing  the house seems the ideal spot for a quiet stay and the chance for Lucy and Norman to sort out their emotional problems.
However  their peace is shattered.
When Paul and Norman discover a cabin.
Their attempts to take the girl are hampered by the difficulties of the heavily wooded terrain and the intervention of a group of villagers.
Who are determined to keep the girl locked away.
<EOS>
During the Russian Civil War  a small force of Red Army soldiers is forced to flee into the Karakum Desert.
Survived a crushing defeat.
Is female sniper Maria.
Who has already claimed forty enemy dead.
She tries to shoot their officer and misses.
When the unit ambushes a camel caravan transporting White soldiers.
The man  a lieutenant named Govorukha-Otrok  is carrying a letter.
States he has secret information to be conveyed orally.
Maria is entrusted.
Tensions arise  the officer is a well-educated aristocrat.
Who is both amused and impressed.
Their commander decides to send his captive to their headquarters in Kazalinsk via the Aral Sea.
When their camels are stolen.
The vessel capsizes.
Only Maria and Otrok remain alive  stranded.
The Red soldier treats the White officer and begins to call her ` Man Friday.
When he catches a fever and is slowly charmed  while he is overcome with gratitude.
He tells her the story.
When she demands to know what he means.
The two fall  and seem to forget about the war.
They first think.
When a boat approaches their isle.
These are fishermen and run.
Otrok recognizes them and intends to join them.
Maria shoots him  killing him.
She runs and embraces his corpse.
She realizes he is dead.
<EOS>
Sheriff Logan is thrust.
When unspeakable evil falls.
He is confronted  each more vicious than the last  and soon learns of the community s seedy past and the evil.
Has risen to exact revenge on the town.
<EOS>
Set  the film tells the story of Nina  a poor young girl  disorderly seeking a means of survival in today s cruel society and only comes across adversity.
She lives.
<EOS>
The Pink Panther is a responsible caretaker.
One man and his dog comes.
He ignores a sign.
Says no open fires he chops it down and uses it to start a fire.
Pink sees the fire and puts it out.
He man comes back and sees  he accuses his dog.
The fire has been put out.
The dog denies.
The man then chops down a tree and sets it.
Pink sees this and puts his box near him.
The man thinking puts the box.
His box is fire wood.
He gets a water bucket and puts it out.
When he realizes this.
The ignores a sign.
Says no fishing and goes.
Pinks sees this and attaches his hook then pulls on the string causing the man s boat to sink.
Pink sees.
The man is littering again and holds up a sign that says RED ALERT.
The bear sees all the trash and forces the man to clean it up.
The man is tired.
He goes  Pink then shuts down the park.
<EOS>
Dr Quack is trying to keep Daffy quiet.
Him to do the operation.
Daffy gets too insane.
When he was barking orders.
Daffy is kicked out.
Inflates Daffy s body parts.
Insulted  he decides to get his own patient.
Daffy grabs a mallet  puts it  and starts to look for a patient.
Dr Quack had finished fixing the patient and started to play.
Back. 
Daffy looks out the window.
Where sees Porky strolling.
Daffy jumps out and follows him.
He carries Porky.
Later  Porky is lying.
Daffy is listening with a giant ragged stethoscope.
Porky tries to tell him.
Daffy pulls the thermometer out.
He s not sick.
Daffy ignores him and thrusts it back.
He then states.
He must hold a consultation.
He then knocks himself.
Three images appear.
They talk.
What to do when they all agree that an operation is.
Daffy reaches and pulls out a big saw.
He walks over  pulls the covers down and lifts his gown to operate.
Hey.
When Porky sees what he is going to do he yells.
Porky runs  slams it and holds it to try to keep Daffy out only to find Daffy standing behind the door.
Where he greets Porky.
He runs behind him.
Daffy catches up and grabs the end of his gown.
Porky and Daffy crash.
Was seen earlier.
Their bodies inflate and deflate.
It spits them.
<EOS>
Five prostitutes work  in Tokyo s Yoshiwara district.
The women s daily dramas play out.
The Diet considers a ban.
Each has dreams and motivations.
Hanae is married  her husband unemployed  they have a young child.
Yumeko  a widow  uses her earnings to raise and support her son.
Who s now old enough to work and care.
The aging Yorie has a man.
Who wants to marry her.
Yasumi saves money diligently to pay her debt and get out  she also has a suitor.
Who wants to marry her.
She has other plans.
Mickey seems the most.
Her father comes to bring her news of her family and ask her to come home.
<EOS>
Baghaawat - Ek Jung is an action thriller starring Mithun Chakraborty.
<EOS>
William Wakefield - - is acting headmaster.
Who has been for 20 years.
He spots an advertisement.
Where he was born.
He decides to enlist the help of his staff to ensure.
The school routine runs smoothly.
A senior pupil overhears.
Wakefield is planning to leave.
The pupils are fond.
Stevens immediately rushes this information.
They plan to sabotage every endeavour.
Might earn Wakefield praise  which would set him.
Grigg and Miss Wheeler are escorted by Wakefield on a tour of inspection.
The pupils go out.
They visit.
However Griggs  tour has not been  he has taken a shine to Sarah Allcock  the gym mistress.
It is obvious.
The feeling is mutual.
Miss Wheeler is disgusted  but is softened.
When she visits the science master s class  where she feels an instinctive maternal affection.
Wakefield realises his position and   enlists his help.
Headmaster is in jeopardy.
He asks Adams to make advances to win her over.
Adams is aghast  but eventually agrees to do his best.
Adams finds.
Many unsuccessful attempts to tell Miss Wheeler.
An untruth has become truth and finally finds enough courage to declare his love.
The pupils are caught trying to sabotage the prizegiving.
Meanwhile  have been doing everything.
They are told to report.
He learns the reason for the week s events - the pupils simply did not want to see him leave.
Wakefield - deeply moved - tells the children.
He wo nt leave and will see them all next term.
Miss Wheeler  softened  announces.
She intends to tell the Ministry that staff-pupil relationships are excellent.
<EOS>
Protestant medical missionary Rachel comes to the village of Dibela in the Belgian Congo.
Widowed military administrator Colonel Derode is initially skeptical  but eventually is romantically attracted to Rachel.
One is Paul Wilton  an American doctor with the RAF.
She makes love the night  and becomes pregnant.
He is to leave.
<EOS>
Ted Andrews persuades his ex-wife Sandy to let their kids.
His girlfriend Laura Warner to Australia.
Where he plans to sell the yacht.
However   it turns out.
Laura is member.
Jack takes.
Only Ted can escape.
Mark and Tracey are kept as hostages.
Ted starts an international search to find Wilcox  and rescue Mark and Tracey.
<EOS>
Yi Yi is an epic story  the middle-aged father NJ  the young son Yang-Yang  and the teenage daughter .
The three-hour piece starts  concludes with a funeral  and contemplates areas of human life in between.
The father  NJ  is unsatisfied to enter into a deal with a well-known Japanese videogame company.
NJ finds.
His partners are only concerned.
His honest nature is unappreciated.
He finds a connection with the Japanese software mogul  Ota.
A former old flame  Sherry  tries to walk after a chance reunion.
His youngest son has troubles with his teachers.
His daughter has to handle a love triangle.
All three try to deal.
Also caring.
A-Di  NJ s overweight brother-in-law  has to wrestle with his demanding wife and a former love  complicating matters within this extended family.
Who marries a starlet.
The other Taiwanese cast members include Elaine Jin  Min-Min  Su-Yun Ko as NJ s former love Sherry  Hsi-Sheng Chen as A-Di  and Pang Chang Yu as Fatty.
The film also stars Japanese comedian Issei Ogata.
<EOS>
Placed during the war  Diego Callahan  also known as Macho  travels to Texas looking for the man responsible for his imprisonment.
He quarrels.
Vowing vengeance  she immediately puts a $ 1000 bounty.
Seeking his own kind  Callahan locates the man  and hangs him from a windmill.
He s looking  Duffy.
Harry Wheeler agrees to hire a team and give chase.
Alexandra also sets out  only to have Callahan overpower and rape her.
The woman now loves Callahan.
It is too late.
Wheeler s men are determined to collect that reward.
Callahan finds.
He ca nt kill them all.
<EOS>
Maria is found  exulting in the musical inspiration.
She finds there.
Maria is a postulant.
Where she is constantly getting and is the nuns  despair.
Maria s life suddenly changes.
When a widowed Austrian Navy Captain  Georg von Trapp writes.
Mother Abbess asks Maria to take the position  previous governesses  though  have not lasted long.
She is worried.
What awaits her  but is determined to succeed.
Maria   finds and dresses his children in sailor-suit uniforms.
The Captain keeps it.
They warm.
They are initially hostile.
When she comforts them.
Liesl  the oldest   sneaks after a secret meeting with a messenger boy  Rolfe.
Who is Sixteen Going.
She is adamant  but Maria offers to be her friend.
She does nt need a governess.
She acquiesces.
Maria teaches them  sewing playclothes from discarded drapes in her room.
To sing and to play.
The Captain entertains a visit.
Who is intent.
The Captain becomes aware.
Maria has been taking the children  climbed trees with them  and taken them in a boat on the lake adjoining his estate.
Maria and all fall into the water.
When the boat capsizes.
The Captain turns his wrath.
Maria begs him to pay attention and love them  but he orders her to return to the abbey.
He changes his mind.
When he discovers the children performing a reprise for the Baroness.
Maria has brought music back.
He begs her to stay.
Things get better.
She and the children perform.
A puppet show that Max gave.
He announces  the Captain  however  forbids their participation.
He has entered the children.
Maria and the children insist.
He sing a song  knowing that he used to play and sing.
He agrees.
Eleven-Year-Old Kurt observes guests dancing the Laendler  and asks Maria to teach him the steps.
The Captain cuts in and partners her  culminating in a close clinch.
She breaks off and blushes.
The children perform So Long  Farewell to say goodnight  receiving enthusiastic applause.
The Baroness  jealous  convinces her to return to Nonnberg.
Maria leaves the estate and returns.
Where she keeps herself until Mother Abbess gently confronts her  urging her to Climb Evry Mountain in search of God s will for her.
She returns to the von Trapp family  finding.
The Captain is now engaged.
However  he breaks  realizing.
He is.
He meets Maria.
They declare their love.
The Captain and Maria share a kiss.
The two wed  with many of Austria s elite  as well as the nuns from Nonnberg Abbey  in attendance.
Max grooms the children to perform  against the Captain s wishes.
The new couple is away.
Austria is annexed into the Third Reich in the Anschluss.
He is informed.
When the Captain returns.
He must report as soon as possible  to accept a commission in the German Navy.
He is opposed.
Stalls. 
He must perform that night in the Salzburg Festival.
Zeller agrees.
Orders the Captain to depart immediately.
The choreography allows the family to leave slowly  a few at a time.
They flee.
The winners are announced.
They hide in the abbey  but are discovered by Rolfe.
Who threatens to shoot the Captain.
The Captain unsuccessfully attempts to persuade Rolfe to join them  he calls instead.
The von Trapps flee again.
The Nazis are unable to pursue them.
The nuns have removed the spark plug wires and ignition coils.
The final shot shows the von Trapps climbing over the Alps.
Climb Evry Mountain  reprised  swells to a conclusion.
<EOS>
An old friend returns to town and tells them stories of getting rich out west.
He proceeds to sell them a uranium mine.
They head west.
Local thugs try to chase them off.
When they arrive.
They decide to let them stay to follow them and take the mine from them.
When they find out the boys own a mine.
Eventually the boys defeat the thugs and find the uranium  only to discover and does nt belong.
It is.
<EOS>
Commando is an action film  featuring choreographed stunts and songs.
This film was released.
Commando was released starring Arnold Schwarzenegger.
The ending sequence was lifted.
Where Eagles Dare.
<EOS>
A former 1960s student activist turned private detective searches with.
Whom he shared the barricades.
Moses Wine is contacted from his radical college days.
She wants him to work.
Who is a candidate running.
Moses is told.
A flyer is being distributed with a doctored photo of Hawthorne standing beside a 1960s radical named Howard Eppis -- a fugitive who had been convicted in absentia for inciting violence against the government -- falsely claiming that Eppis is supporting him for governor.
This libel is a clear attempt to destroy Hawthorne s chances.
Moses sets out to find out.
Who is responsible.
<EOS>
To make Daoud Aoulad-Syad s previous film  En attendant Pasolini  sets were built.
A mosque was erected.
The film crew left the village.
When they finished shooting.
The neighbours demolished all  except for the mosque.
Had become a real place for those who live there.
However  this is disastrous.
Who used to grow vegetables to feed his family.
<EOS>
Manuel Granado rediscovers a son and turned him.
He thought had died years before to see him engaged.
<EOS>
Two World War I veterans  Blue and Darkie  save an old race horse.
Bluey restores it.
The horse starts to win races.
Darkie gets too excited  suffers a stroke and dies.
<EOS>
Don Maxwell is a former vaudeville impersonator.
Who is working to Dr Meirschultz  a mad scientist attempting to bring the dead back to life.
He attempts to hide his crime.
When Don kills Meirschultz.
He slowly goes insane.
The doctor treats a mental patient  Buckley  but accidentally injects him.
Causes him to go.
Buckley s wife discovers the body  and blackmails Don into turning her husband into a zombie.
The ersatz doctor turns the tables by manipulating her into fighting with his estranged wife  a former showgirl.
He calls.
When the cat-breeding neighbor Goof sees what s going on.
The police  who stop the fight and   find the body of the real doctor hidden behind a brick wall.
<EOS>
Joe Harris is a popular  established network radio news reporter covering Broadway entertainment.
Herb Fuller is the network s undisputed star.
Philip Carleton  president  assigns Harris to prepare a memorial extravaganza  including an elaborate public viewing and a special memorial show featuring interviews with Fuller s radio cast  the Fuller Family  and others.
When Fuller dies.
Who knew him.
Carleton dangles a chance.
He succeeds.
Assisted  Harris is intrigued by odd comments at the public viewing  including some from various individuals.
Who attend strictly out and are indifferent to Fuller.
Harris meets Sid Moore  Fuller s longtime producer.
Who offers his assistance while realizing Harris is to become Fuller s successor.
Aided  Harris discovers Fuller was an alcoholic and an unethical womanizing egomaniac.
Who became a star.
He is visited.
Who first hired Fuller.
Harris is initially condescending.
He finishes his story  Harris is apologetic.
Harris s investigations reveal Fuller s relationship  the alcoholic vocalist on his show  and various conflicts of interest involving his relationship with various song publishers.
Whose songs were performed.
Fuller bandleader Eddie Brand  hoping to remain dutifully records an artificially sincere sound bite regarding Fuller.
What he  too  suspects will become Harris  show.
Moore signs Harris  then reveals more of Fuller s escapades.
Carleton privately warns Harris  telling the newsman  the network will turn elsewhere.
The network will spin his chances.
Amassing the research  Harris has to choose between praising the beloved  amusing and warm-hearted Fuller or unmasking the phony beneath the image.
The public saw.
Harris makes up his mind.
The broadcast starts  throwing away his prepared script to tell the truth.
Moore realizes.
Carleton and Moore listen in.
What Harris is about to do.
He rips and demands Carleton stop the broadcast.
Seeing  Carleton refuses to stop the broadcast  explaining.
Moore has done precisely what he had hoped.
He can market Harris to the public just as easily as his network marketed Fuller s phony image.
<EOS>
The ESU Timberwolves are entering a season after two disappointing seasons.
The film begins.
Sophomore quarterback Joe Kane spends the Christmas bowl season.
Junior NFL prospect Alvin Mack gives his mother a present to go.
The film then follows the recruiting  a highly rated running back  and his eventual commitment to ESU.
Jefferson is given a tour of the campus by Autumn  a beautiful young student  and the two bond immediately  sharing a kiss before they part ways.
The film then cuts.
Football season is about to get underway.
Fall camp commences.
Winters warns.
If any other player brings the football back  you ll wish you were never born.
Jefferson later reunites  but discovers.
She is dating the starting tailback Ray Griffen and that when they last met the two were temporarily broken up because he had cheated with a white girl.
Later on  Jefferson takes his entrance exams and worries  going to Mack and Lattimer for advice.
Lattimer tells him not to worry.
It took him four times to pass the test.
He reveals.
Mack is given copies before he takes them and that  despite maintaining a high-enough GPA to be academically eligible at the university  Mack is functionally illiterate.
Mack reassures Jefferson is sign an NFL contract.
The school will keep him eligible if he s talented enough to play  and that all he needs to know how to do.
Jefferson is neither surprised nor worried.
When he finds out that he failed the test  and when recommended that he find a tuitor he chooses Autumn  who reluctantly agrees.
Sports Illustrated runs a cover story and declares him a Heisman Trophy candidate.
He has trouble  and drinks to deal with his stress.
He meets a tennis player  Camille.
They go on a thrilling and scary motorcycle ride.
They then develop a relationship.
Mack is now a senior  simply waiting.
His indifference is shown clearly in a tutoring session  but his strong ability to read offenses and football strategy during film study shows his commitment to football.
Where he could nt care less.
Meanwhile  the offensive coordinator is worried.
Lattimer is taking performance-enhancing drugs.
Coach Winters tells him.
The amount is far from impossible with steady work in the gym throughout the entire off-season  and that if he is taking steroids that the NCAA will catch him during a drug test.
The Heisman campaign for Kane picks up speed.
The players  individual motivations is revealed.
Kane enjoys playing.
While he is it allows him to be distracted from the stressors of his life  such as his alcoholic father and the increased publicity surrounding him.
Jefferson is using football.
Mack enjoys the on-field battle and physicality.
Lattimer simply displays a genuine love.
Lattimer is able to substitute clean urine for his own during the NCAA drug tests.
The team then gets off.
Meanwhile  Griffen is struggling to gain yards.
Jefferson is making the most.
Jefferson is also disturbed.
When he begins receiving illegal monetary donations  though Mack tells him to take the money.
Simultaneously  Jefferson and Autumn grow closer and begin.
A relationship  though Autumn is too ashamed to admit that she is dating him  described as just another gang banger with speed  to her well-read father  another former ESU football player.
She eventually resumes her relationship.
Who is planning.
The film progresses to show the problems.
Winters  daughter is expelled.
Who is subsequently kicked off the team and also expelled.
Kane and ESU then lose a close game.
Pitted him in Michigan s quarterback  calling into question his ability to win the trophy.
Lattimer then assaults a girl unwilling to hook up.
Her father is a large football booster and gets her to drop the charges.
Winters finally accepts.
Lattimer is juicing and wants to suspend him.
He is warned.
Suspending him would leave the school wide open for a lawsuit for jeopardizing his draft status.
Lattimer is then suspended.
He admits the drug use  with the team running a cover story of a pulled hamstring to keep the doping under wraps.
Lattimer then ceases taking steroids.
The team will drug test him and that he will not be allowed alone when he urinates for the tests.
Mack criticizes him.
Lattimer defends himself.
Not everyone has your ability Alvin.
What you have to do to play.
Kane gets drunk in a bar and assaults another patron.
Who accused him.
He flees the bar.
He borrowed and is pulled over for drunk driving and charged with a DWI.
Coach Winters negotiates a plea arrangement.
Wherein all charges will be dropped if Kane successfully completes a 28-day program  although this will cause him to miss four games.
The team needs to win three more games in the next five weeks to win the conference championship and secure a major bowl game.
But this does not seem possible.
School officials then pressure Winters.
Winters reluctantly agrees  and goes so far.
To vouch despite the fact that his daughter was also expelled for cheating along with Collins and has no chance to gain re-admittance into the school.
Collins is readmitted.
The team goes 2-1 with him under center  with strong defense and a relentless ground attack leading to their success.
Lattimer passes his drug test.
The game is close most.
Mack suffers.
A career-ending injury is run over at the goal line by Iowa s running back for the game s winning score.
Kane then completes his 28-day program and attempts to reconcile.
Whom he refused to speak.
He also reaches out.
Who has never seen him play before  and gives him a plane ticket.
Meanwhile  Lattimer resumes taking steroids and has an associate remove the tainted urine and replace it with clean urine in a painful and dangerous procedure.
That he can pass his next drug test.
ESU has a final game.
This game will win the Eastern Athletic Conference and secure a major bowl game.
Jefferson is named the team s starting tailback.
Griffen is moved to fullback.
GT leads the game.
Kane was benched but asked to start in the 2nd half.
Kane looks and realizes  but accepts.
He takes the field.
He is not there.
He will never see him play.
Kane struggles to regain his rhythm.
The game remains close  thanks to a goal-line tackle made by Lattimer to save the game.
Winters looks into Lattimer s eyes on the sideline and notices.
They are bloodshot and distorted and realizes that he has somehow managed to continue taking steroids.
Lattimer looks.
Winters seems to understand his decision to take the drugs and pats him.
Kane rallies the team and secures a major bowl game  saving Winters  job  with both coach and quarterback realizing.
Kane will likely make another  more-promising run in his senior season.
Lattimer sits and cries instead of celebrating with the team.
He realizes he will not be able to play without performance-enhancing drugs.
Autumn introduces Jefferson to her father as her boyfriend.
The film ends.
<EOS>
Veeru is a small time crook working.
He is unaware.
His best friend Jai is an undercover cop  seeking evidence.
Veeru accidentally shoots Jai in the head.
He miraculously survives and makes a full recovery.
Veeru then flees the state  and is subsequently arrested.
Jai is assigned the task.
They confront each other  and seem to find.
Their friendship still exists.
They both decide to be friends again.
When Veeru claims he has Tejpal s diary  which includes all his secrets and whereabouts.
Tejpal shoots Veeru.
When they go to catch him.
Jai attacks Tejpal and kills him.
The police get there  Jai has already let Veeru flee.
Jai is arrested.
What he has done.
Lives on the friendship of Jai Veeru.
<EOS>
The Dark Lord Sauron attempts to conquer Middle-Earth using his One Ring.
Prince Isildur cuts the Ring from Sauron s hand  destroying his physical form and vanquishing his army.
However  Sauron s life force is bound  allowing him to survive.
The Ring remains.
Isildur  corrupted  refuses to destroy it.
The Ring is lost.
When Isildur is killed.
The Ring is found.
Who possesses it until it is found by the Hobbit Bilbo Baggins.
Sixty years later  Bilbo leaves the Ring.
The Ring belonged.
Sauron s forces will come.
Gandalf catches Frodo s gardener Samwise Gamgee eavesdropping and sends him with Frodo to leave the Shire.
Gandalf rides  Saruman the White.
To Isengard to meet.
Who reveals that Sauron s servants  the Nazgul  have been sent to capture the Ring.
Saruman reveals himself to be to Sauron  and imprisons Gandalf atop his tower.
Saruman commands Sauron s Orcs to construct weapons and produce a new breed of Orc fighters  the.
Frodo and Sam are joined  and are nearly captured by the Nazgul.
Travelling. 
Frodo meets the mysterious ranger Aragorn.
Who hides them and agrees to lead them to Rivendell.
They are attacked by the Nazgul.
Aragorn fights off the creatures.
Frodo is wounded.
Will turn him.
Frodo is saved.
Chased. 
Who uses her magic to summon a surge that sweeps away the pursuing Nazgul.
Arwen takes Frodo.
Where he is healed.
Gandalf escapes Saruman s tower the eagle and travels to Rivendell.
Elrond calls a council to Middle-earth to decide.
What should be done.
It is revealed.
The Ring can only be destroyed.
Frodo volunteers to take the Ring  accompanied.
They are joined.
Boromir  man  to form the Fellowship of the Ring.
The Fellowship set out but are hindered.
They travel.
They find  they also realise.
Orcs have overrun the mines and slain the Dwarves.
Gollum is following them  determined to reclaim the Ring.
The Fellowship is attacked.
Gandalf confronts the Balrog  allowing the others to escape.
Both Gandalf and the Balrog fall.
Mourning Gandalf s apparent death  the group flees.
Where they are sheltered.
That night  Galadriel informs Frodo.
It is his destiny to destroy the Ring.
The Fellowship continue their journey.
Meanwhile  Saruman assembles a force to hunt the Fellowship.
Boromir gives in to the Ring s corruption and tries to take it from Frodo  believing.
It is the only way to save his realm.
Frodo manages to escape.
Boromir realises.
What he has done  and attempts to find Frodo  who decides to continue his journey alone  heeding Galadriel s warning that the Ring will eventually corrupt the other members.
The Uruk-hai arrive.
Aragorn  Legolas  and Gimli attempt to hold them off.
Frodo escapes.
Merry and Pippin lead the Orcs away and are nearly killed.
Boromir tries to save them  but.
The process is shot fatally.
The Uruk-Hai capture Merry and Pippin.
Aragorn slays Lurtz and tends  and promises him.
The world will not fall.
Boromir dies by his side.
Sam finds Frodo.
Who reluctantly lets Sam join him.
Aragorn  Legolas and Gimli set out to rescue Merry and Pippin.
They grieve.
Frodo and Sam gaze out.
Frodo says.
He is glad that Sam is.
<EOS>
Deep within the mysterious Arboria Institute  a beautiful girl is held captive by a scientist  Dr Barry Nyle.
Her mind is controlled.
Speechlessly  she waits.
She escapes her cell.
She journeys with his most gifted and dangerous creation.
<EOS>
The movie begins.
Long  born  and his brother Kwan work as assassins for the notorious Hong Kong triad leader  Dragon.
Dragon is involved.
Every night he is  Wendy  his girlfriend  must be waiting for him in his bedroom.
Dragon would sexually torture Wendy.
Everytime  Wendy would walk up.
Long told her not to look.
He was afraid that his face will scare her.
However  Wendy told him.
The man that she sleeps is a hundred times scarier.
Wendy also warned Long to leave Dragon.
When they still have a chance.
Long refused but instead  promised Wendy to kill Dragon to Taiwan.
Wendy told them.
She will tell her uncle to bring them back if they succeed.
Two police officers  Kent and Dicky received an order to investigate Dragon and his triad  but were attacked.
Dicky was shot died right in the eye.
Long and his brother follow Dragon.
He meet his client.
Dragon told his assassins to kill his client.
When the time is up.
Long and his brother prepare.
He begins to have to mistress  Mei as well.
When Dinosaur and his clients choose the girls.
The mistress refused saying.
She is too old.
Dragon grabbed her.
Dragon offered her to give him oral sex.
Afterward  Dragon was so pleased.
He gave her $.
Mei goes and runs into Long and his brother mounting their pistols.
Long shows mercy and lets.
Her live.
Meanwhile  Dragon and his client had a girl stripped down.
The two began to brush their hands on the lower part of her torso.
Suddenly Long and his brother walk in and do the shooting.
Dragon orders Long and Kwan to give him their pistols.
The clients died.
The girls begged.
Dragon laughs and shoots them all.
Dinosaur then turns and attempts.
To shoot his assassins as well but as Long has promised Wendy  Dragon himself was Long s target.
Long pulls out a knife and slices Dragon s throat.
He pulled the trigger.
Meanwhile Long and his brother wait.
It was a trap  the driver.
Long  ran but was rammed off the harbor.
Long was rescued.
Who thanked him.
Mei had surgeons alter his facial tissues.
He will look.
Mei begins to teach Long.
Long wakes up.
To have sex.
Mei reveals.
She used to be a whore and slept.
She said.
Women as well.
She seduced a wealth lady to give her all after a three year relationship.
She trained Long and gave him a new identity to return.
Wendy had a new boyfriend and in crime partner  Jimmy.
Both were happy to learn.
Dragon s men were dead.
Michael is now working.
The two leaders now  meet their client Bull in an Italian restaurant.
Bull ambushes them.
Long manages to escape  Jimmy is captured.
Michael then seduces Wendy.
They spent the night together.
Wendy was aroused.
When she saw him swim and drink.
Wendy turns it.
When Bull demands a ransom.
Angered  Bull amputates Jimmy s nose and mails it.
Michael plans to kill Bull and tells Wendy to first seduce him and give him a poison glass to drink.
She would escape.
Bull is poisoned.
Wendy agrees.
She discover  Michael has set her.
When the she gives Bull a poisoned glass.
The chamber is a dead end.
Bull then orders his men her one at a time.
Suddenly police came and arrests everyone.
Michael later breaks.
Purposely  has Kent.
Shot him  saying that he would want to die in the hands of someone worthy.
<EOS>
A troop use.
A treasure map to find a stash and a lost tribe with a secret Radium deposit.
<EOS>
Charles VII  experiences dreams  burned at the stake as a heretic twenty-five years earlier.
Which he is visited.
He tells Joan.
Her case was retried.
Her sentence annulled.
He recalls.
She entered his life  how she heard the voices of Saints Catherine and Margaret telling her that she would lead the French army against the English at the siege of Orleans and be responsible for having the Dauphin crowned king at Rheims cathedral.
She discovers.
When Joan arrives at Chinon.
He is a childish weakling.
Who conclude that she is mad.
He gives her command.
Shortly thereafter  Joan witnesses the coronation.
Self-Confidence and apparent supernatural powers have given her fearful enemies.
Her military triumphs have made her popular beliefs.
Charles   expects her to return.
Who has no further use.
He tells her.
When Joan challenges Charles to retake Paris.
He would rather sign a treaty.
All refuse Joan s plea to march.
The archbishop warns her.
If she defies her spiritual directors  the church will disown her.
Nevertheless  Joan puts her faith and appeals to the common people to march on Paris.
She is captured and handed.
To assure hands her over to be tried for heresy.
Joan will never again become a threat.
Joan spends four months and is visited frequently by the Inquisitor.
The English become impatient for the trial to begin.
Joan holds  as always  refusing to deny.
The church is wiser.
Joan signs a document of recantation.
Which she confesses that she pretended to hear revelations and the saints in the belief that this will result in her freedom to return to her life as a peasant girl.
Joan destroys the document  refusing to face a life away.
When she learns that the sentence is her perpetual  solitary imprisonment.
Opened her spirit to hear God and the saints.
She now believes.
God wants her to come through the ordeal of being burned at the stake.
The English  weary decide.
Joan is excommunicated.
Joan can be executed long before the Vatican learns his soldiers to drag Joan to the square to be burned.
The Inquisitor chooses to look the other way and let the English burn her.
Those are stricken.
Who witness Joan s death.
The King s dream continues.
He and Joan are visited from her life.
Growing weary tells Joan.
He has dreamed to his bed and his troubled sleep.
<EOS>
Food is in short supply.
Grain is used.
Is a butcher s shop  run by the landlord  Clapet.
Who posts job opportunities as means to lure victims to the building  whom he murders and butchers as a cheap source of meat to sell to his tenants.
Unemployed circus clown Louison applies for the vacant position.
He befriends Clapet s daughter  Julie  a relationship.
Slowly blossoms.
Louison proves to be a superb worker.
The butcher is reluctant to too quickly.
Several of the tenants fall under Louison s boyish charms  worrying others.
Who are more anxious.
They require meat.
Aware  Julie descends into the sewers to make contact with the feared Troglodistes  a vegetarian sub-group of French rebels.
Whom she convinces to help rescue Louison.
The Troglodistes attack but are repelled.
Clapet   storm Louison s room in an attempt to murder him.
Louison and Julie resist.
Clapet opens the door releasing the flood.
Clapet returns and inadvertently kills himself.
Louison and Julie play music.
<EOS>
Box Elder follows best friends and roommates  John Scott Alex  Nick  and Chad.
The loose narrative structure is anchored with his girlfriend Laura.
The four dudes party  eat sandwiches  and repeatedly ignore their scholastic responsibilities.
<EOS>
The film is set.
The Zhao state invades the.
Ge Li  a Mohist  comes to help defend the city  without permission from the Mohist leaders.
The king had planned for peace talks with the invaders.
Ge Li looses an arrow  modified so as to double its range  promising the invaders a battle.
Rallying the city  he warns the people and promised the king.
The invaders would give up if they failed to take the city within a month  because their main target is the Kingdom of Yan.
The king is worried about Ge Li inciting war amongst his people  but eventually decides to allow Ge to temporarily aid in defending Liang.
Ge Li creates a bulwark and various traps to halt the Zhao army s advance.
Ge Li s insistence angers the prince initially.
Zituan leads the archers.
The prince sees Zituan s archery skill as inferior.
Ge Li s style continues to irritate the prince and generals.
Zituan proves his ability later.
The tactics employed by Ge Li worked perfectly  causing the death of an enemy general and forcing the Zhao attackers to retreat  despite a skirmish inside the city by Zhao infiltrators.
He becomes a highly-revered hero.
Ge successfully defends Liang  superior in numbers.
Ge Li and Yiyue scout the Zhao army and discover.
They are planning to dig a tunnel in order to bypass the defense.
Ge Li baits a number of Zhao forces to exit before springing the ambush and sealing the tunnel.
He goes back.
General Niu promised to spare their lives if they would drop their arms.
The king feels threatened  so he plots to have Ge stripped off his military power and executed on false charges.
When he sees Ge Li s growing popularity.
Ge has just returned.
When he is accused.
The prince pretends to fight and secretly asks Ge to take him hostage.
Order to buy time to escape.
Ironically  the improved arrows were used.
Ge used to defend Liang.
Ge manages to leave unharmed.
The prince is tragically killed.
The king would execute general Niu.
Heartbroken. 
He badly needed him.
Meanwhile  Ge Li s supporters are falsely accused.
They are tortured and executed.
The king foolishly believes.
He is caught off guard.
Ge Li returns.
The Zhao general engages Ge Li.
The Zhao general urges Ge Li to give up his life.
Ge already has a plan underway.
His men ambushes the Zhao soldiers and have them surrounded.
Sensing  the Zhao general loses confidence.
His third defeat is imminent.
Ge Li urges the Zhao general to lead his men out.
The latter refuses  stating.
Only the victorious can leave the tower alive.
The king sees the Zhao general alone in the tower and orders the execution  much to the joy of him and his people.
The Zhao forces had retreated.
Ge leaves with some orphans from Liang to promote peace among the various warring states.
The king is killed five years later.
Eventually the Qin state will conquer all the other states and unite China.
<EOS>
His life takes an unexpected turn.
When Adam Sorenson  an English Literature major  meets Evelyn Ann Thompson  an attractive graduate art student  at the local museum where he works.
Never having had success  he is flattered and  at Evelyn s suggestion  begins a regular exercise regimen  eats healthier foods  dresses more stylishly  acts more confident and dominant  as well as purchases contact lenses.
When Evelyn shows an interest.
These initial changes are well received by Adam s friend  Phillip  and Phillip s girlfriend  Jenny.
Later however  Evelyn cajoles Adam and succeeds in persuading him to cut himself off from Phillip and Jenny.
It seems.
All Evelyn wants Adam to do is change everything into what is more conventionally acceptable.
Adam learns  a topic often touched on in conversation throughout the film but never fully explained.
He has been part.
Evelyn relates.
She had been instructed to change the world  but that she has chosen to change someone s world  her academic work ultimately consisting of sculpting Adam into a more attractive human being.
She presents Adam as her creation.
Accordingly  none.
She has shown him.
She announces before a live audience at her gallery opening.
She is not going to marry him.
The engagement ring.
He offers her is simply one.
Publicly humiliated and devastated  Adam confronts Evelyn  demanding an explanation.
She responds.
He should in fact be grateful.
Objectively speaking  she has been a positive influence.
Adam stands alone  surrounded by the remnants of his life before and after Evelyn.
<EOS>
New York City Police detective Frank Keller is a burnt-out alcoholic.
His wife ran away and remarried one of his colleagues.
His anger and aggression are mainly to hide the fact.
He is depressed  with 20 years of police work under his belt.
To forget his woes  he investigates the murder  shot dead  listening to an old 45rpm recording of Sea of Love.
Face down  naked.
Keller has three clues - a lipstick-smeared cigarette  a want ad  and good fingerprints.
The dead man placed.
A second man dies.
Detective Sherman Touhey suggests.
He and Frank collaborate.
Both victims had placed rhyming ads  seeking dates.
They track down Raymond Brown  the only other man.
He s a married man and admits placing the ad  but swears.
He threw away all the letters and never saw anyone.
Frank gets an idea to place their own rhyming ad  take any women and take the prints from their drinking glasses.
Who respond.
Frank s boss thinks  and does not approve the idea.
Frank is looking to end his loneliness.
He changes his mind.
When Raymond Brown also turns up dead murder victims.
Frank has dinner.
Sherman -- posing -- puts their glasses into evidence bags.
One woman  Helen Cruger  snubs Keller and leaves.
She takes a drink.
Keller bumps again at a market.
This time she is more friendly.
Frank takes her not to do so.
They start getting passionate.
When Frank panics finding a gun.
It turns out to be just a starting pistol.
Frank and Helen begin a relationship.
Frank has a chance to obtain Helen s fingerprints  but decides to wipe the glass clean.
Their relationship becomes strained.
When she discovers that he is a cop.
He nearly gives away the fact  but plays it.
She was involved.
He later discovers  but she does not admit.
She responded and confronts her.
He throws her out.
Helen s ex-husband Terry breaks and  threatening him with a gun  makes Frank lie on his bed and show.
He made love  just as Terry had done with his ex-wife s other three boyfriends before he killed them.
Frank overpowers Terry and tries to call the police.
The killer lunges and  in the ensuing struggle  Terry is accidentally thrown through the window and plunges to his death.
Frank and Helen reunite.
She forgives him.
They resume their relationship.
<EOS>
The plot is based.
They are actually the disciples.
Chitralekha dances.
He gives her a Rudraksha mala to wear.
Later  she visits the beautiful Earth and enjoys bathing in a pool.
She finds these Shishiyas keenly looking and curses them to become idiots.
She pronounces the vimukti at the time of her marriage.
The Guru  Aruna Keerti  Chitralekha.
She will lose her celestial status if she comes with a human.
He advises the Shishyas to go at Vijayadurgam ruled by Nandivardhana Maharaju.
Paramanandayya accepts them.
Chitralekha forgets the Rudraksha mala.
The mala is accidentally found.
When he come.
Chitralekha remembers her mala  and goes a snake and tries to steals the mala.
However Maharajah dreaming Chitralekha.
Who loses her divine powers and past memory.
Maharajah calls Paramanandayya.
He tell the Rajah to handover the mala  making her regain the sequence of events.
He advises her to pray Lord Shiva to attain divinity.
Meanwhile  turns out to be a good thing.
Whatever the Sishiyas do out.
They save them.
Finally they decided to die.
They eat Vishapu Undalu and go.
Night patrolling Rajabhat takes.
They thought Maharaja as Apsara.
They reach the house and makes.
Maharajah know the criminal plans.
The Sishiyas spoiled the marriage with Tuberculous patient and save Paramanandayya from another family crisis.
Ousted  they reach RajaMahal and spoil an attempt to kill Maharaja by Jaggarayudu and Minister.
They convinced Chitralekha to marry Maharajah.
They are released from the curse and regain their sainthood.
<EOS>
The story begins.
Tony s father was an agricultural labourer.
Who suffered.
Tony   originally felt warm attachment to the other main figure in the film  his father s workmate and drinking friend Gordon Kerr.
Then Gordon - - raped Tony.
Who was to be looking.
Tony and his younger brother continued to be sexually assaulted.
His parents unexpectedly saw this and were forced to acknowledge what was happening.
Tony and his brother were then sent away to live.
Tony seemed to be living a normal  happy life and seemed to put his past behind him.
However  he lost his job and drifted.
Tony aged.
Tony then once again escaped  this time to go to come clean.
Tony realised.
He was too traumatised.
Tony returned to his hometown in 1995 to have Gordon charged.
The police refused to initiate criminal proceedings.
One night soon afterwards Tony became psychotic and pleaded to detain him.
He would not harm himself or anyone else.
The police ignored Tony.
Who then went.
Tony was holding an axe.
He knocked.
Tony then proceeded to strike Gordon.
Gordon opened the door to point a gun.
He pointed the gun away.
Tony was charged to be convicted of manslaughter under a plea bargain in.
Tony was released immediately afterwards.
He already served his sentence before being convicted.
The film concludes with Tony.
Who  while functioning remains frequently traumatised by his experiences.
A disturbing film  it highlights the reluctance and sometimes it has on victims  lives.
Nonetheless challenges taboos.
Families to confront sexual abuse as well as the devastating impact.
<EOS>
Marianne Manina Stuart  a prominent concert pianist  meets David Lawrence  a businessman  to New York from Rome.
Their plane is diverted for engine repairs.
They decide to kill time.
A recording of the Kurt Weill/Maxwell Anderson song September Song  sung by Walter Huston  is playing.
Manina is single.
David is unhappily married.
They talk too long and miss their flight  and decide to stay on.
They quickly fall.
Then they hear.
The plane they were scheduled to catch has crashed.
All are presumed dead.
They were believed to have been among those aboard.
Their photos  along  are even published in a newspaper.
They pick up.
Thinking  they decide to stay dead and begin a new life together.
Their absences wo nt make any difference.
They make no contact  including Lawrence s wife Catherine and son David Jr.
Manina had been originally intending to play Rachmaninoff s Piano Concerto No.
2 keeps up her practice during the secret affair.
She also has contact.
Who agrees not to reveal Manina is very much alive.
Catherine and her son travel to Naples to learn more  discover  and confront him.
He is alive.
Manina goes on to perform the Rachmaninoff concerto as originally planned.
Manina breaks up with David.
Who returns.
<EOS>
Queen Hijau faces overthrow by the rebel Prince Rawai.
Who is allied.
The pirates attempt to capture some giant cannon invented  but the Dutch ship carrying the cannon blows up.
The cannons sink.
Meanwhile  an orphan sea gypsy boy named.
Pari is raised.
The boy  gifted  is taken by his uncle Anjar to learn more of the magical ways of the ocean from White Ray.
The sage refuses to teach the boy.
Nonetheless  Pari is soon communicating.
He grows and becomes a fighter against Black Raven s pirates.
Black Raven  also a practitioner  has been trying to raise the cannons from the depths of the sea.
Queen Hijau wants her own large cannons and seeks the inventor Lim Kium.
Who has been living.
She sends away her sisters  Princess Ungu and Princess Biru.
They will be.
Lord Jarang comes under attack.
Pari aids Jarang.
Jarang makes his escape.
Princess Ungu is believed to have been killed.
She has actually been rescued and taken to White Ray s remote island.
There  a romance develops.
Neither are able to commit.
Ungu is due to marry the Prince.
And Pari is still tortured at the hands of Black Raven s men.
Pari encounters Black Ray  an evil  unstable alter ego of White Ray.
Pari begins to learn more.
Eventually  all the forces - the rebel prince  the pirates  the ocean sorcerers  the queen and the princesses - will battle.
<EOS>
Kenan is a 35-year-old toll booth attendant still living.
Who suffers.
Shy and withdrawn  he prefers to live rather than engaging with the people around him.
He works  and is known to talk to himself occasionally while working.
His relationship with his father is one of reserve and distance.
Nurgul takes care of Kenan s ailing father.
Nurgul has known the family since her childhood  including Kenan s mother.
Who died many years ago.
Stuck  Kenan s humdrum life takes a dramatic turn.
When the newly appointed toll booth manager visits.
<EOS>
Fabrizio Barbetti and Lisa Pinzoni are two remarried doctors.
Who   have been simply unable to get along with each other.
They hate one another.
They argue and fight.
Their lives are going to change.
They establish   to spend their Christmas holidays in Gstaad  Switzerland.
Here   the two end up falling again for each other and begin planning to make their partners do so as well  so.
They can end their current relationships and start a new life together.
However  they ignore and are already.
Angela and Gabriele have been cheating for a year.
The vacation was planned by them.
Order to make Fabrizio and Lisa want to get back together.
<EOS>
Lou Gehrig is a young Columbia University student.
Whose old-fashioned mother wants him to study hard and become an engineer.
But the young man has a gift.
A sportswriter befriends Gehrig and persuades a scout to come see him play.
He has always revered  the Yankees.
He endeavors to keep his career change a secret from his mother.
Gehrig works his way up and finally joins the Yankees.
His hero  Babe Ruth  is  but his strong  consistent play wins over Ruth and the rest of the team.
Before long Gehrig is joining his teammates.
Gehrig trips over a stack of bats and is teased by a spectator  Eleanor.
Who laughingly calls him tanglefoot.
Their relationship grows.
Soon Lou pops the question.
Gehrig s mother   does not take the news well  but Lou finally stands up to her and marries Eleanor.
Who still has nt accepted the fact that her son will not be an engineer.
The Yankees become the most dominant team.
Gehrig becomes a fan favorite.
His father and fully converted mother attend games and cheer.
Gehrig visits a crippled boy named Billy in a hospital.
He promises to hit two home runs -- then fulfills his promise.
Gehrig is now the Iron Horse  a national hero  many loyal friends  and an adoring wife  but then he notices  with growing alarm.
His strength is gradually ebbing away.
His physical condition continues its inexorable decline.
He continues to play  and extends his consecutive-game streak.
One day   he tells Yankees manager Joe McCarthy.
Benches himself.
A doctor gives him the awful news  Gehrig has a rare  incurable disease  and only a short time to live.
A year later   an older Billy finds Gehrig and shows him.
He has made a full recovery  inspired.
Then   Gehrig addresses the fans  People  he says.
Eleanor weeps softly.
Say that I ve had a bad break.
But today  today  I consider myself the luckiest man.
<EOS>
Hannah is a 19-year-old college freshman.
Who suffers.
She suddenly collapses on stage.
Hannah meets with her parents and a doctor from the hospital.
Where her father works.
The doctor quotes passages.
Reveal that she has been feeling lost and unwanted.
Ensues. 
Only that she is adopted  but that her biological mother had tried to abort her.
Hannah experiences a range and seeks out her best friend  Jason  for advice.
She decides to find her birth mother.
She sets out.
Leads her.
She locates the nurse.
Who assisted.
They have an emotional encounter.
The nurse describes the circumstances.
Whom she knew nothing about.
She leaves the nurse s apartment knowing not only the new name but.
Where she works.
She is overwhelmed by her mother s rejection.
When she finally meets her biological mother.
Hannah s birth parents also go  deciding to tell Hannah the details of their choice to adopt both her and her brother - her brother dying just months later.
Hannah wanders aimlessly.
She sees a Catholic church and goes in.
She seeks consolation.
He says   we should forgive each other.
We have been forgiven.
You are forgiven.
You have the power to forgive  to choose to forgive.
You are forgiven.
Let it go.
Hatred is a burden.
You no longer need to carry.
Only.
You be free.
Is well.
You ca nt find in this cathedral.
But   you will be free indeed.
The Son shall set you free.
 Hannah experiences an epiphany and finds.
She is able to forgive her biological mother and forget.
<EOS>
The story is about a young writer  played.
Who goes in order to find inspiration.
There  she is haunted.
Young girls disappear without a trace.
<EOS>
Thierry Guetta is a French immigrant living  making a comfortable living with his vintage clothing shop.
He also has a strange obsession he goes  constantly filming his surroundings.
He discovers.
His cousin is Invader  an internationally known street artist.
Thierry finds this fascinating  and accompanies Invader and his friends   documenting their activities.
A few months later  Invader visits Thierry  and arranges a meeting with Shepard Fairey.
Thierry continues filming Fairey s activities.
After Invader has returned home.
Thierry states.
Fairey is confused.
He wishes to make a complete documentary.
The two cross the nation  shooting other artists  including Seizer  Neck Face  Sweet Toof  Cyclops  Ron English  Dotmasters  Swoon  Azil  Borf and Buffmonster.
Is. 
What Guetta fails to tell Fairey.
He has no plan to compile his footage  and indeed never looks at his footage.
Guetta continues to hear more.
His attempts to contact Banksy meet.
One day Banksy visits LA.
Stuck without a guide  Banksy contacts Fairey.
Who calls Guetta.
Guetta becomes Banksy s guide  later following him back to England  winning the privilege to film Banksy on his home turf - a feat.
Confuses Banksy s crew.
Banksy  however  sees the opportunity to document street art   asks him the preparations for his Barely Legal show.
Which he recognizes  and after Guetta aids him in recording both production  deployment and crowd reactions to his Murdered Phone-box piece.
The two become friends.
Guetta provides Banksy.
Returning  Guetta becomes bored  and eventually ends up producing his own stickers and decals and putting them up in the city.
Banksy s show is being prepared.
Banksy has the idea.
He visits the location and places the doll.
A short while later  however  the rides stop.
The park s security catch Guetta.
Who is taken.
Banksy switches clothes and blends.
Guetta refuses to admit any wrongdoing.
Covertly alerts Banksy.
When allowed a phone call.
He destroys the evidence  but stashes the videotape in his sock and is eventually let go  much to the amazement of Banksy.
When confronted.
Who then says he trusts him.
A few days later  Barely Legal opens  and becomes an overnight mainstream success.
Street art prices begin.
Banksy is both surprised and disillusioned  and urges Guetta to finish his supposed documentary.
Guetta begins to edit together the several thousand hours  and produces a film titled Life Remote Control.
The result is 90 minutes.
Banksy questions Guetta s ability  deeming his product unwatchable  but realizes the street art footage.
Itself is valuable.
Banksy decides to have a shot.
To make sure  Banksy suggests he make his own art show.
Guetta remains occupied.
Guetta happily accepts the assignment  adopting the name.
Mr Brainwash  putting up street art later  re-mortgaging his business to afford renting copious equipment and a complete production team to create pieces of art under his supervision.
He rents a former CBS studio to prepare his first show  Life Is Beautiful  and scales up his production.
Banksy suggested  but.
Banksy realises  and sends a few professionals to help Guetta out.
When Guetta breaks his foot.
The show may well become a trainwreck.
Guetta spends his time.
The producers take care.
A.
Weekly.
Preparation is seriously.
Guetta s production team insists -- yet Guetta spends his time hyping up and marketing his work.
He must make decisions.
Paintings are still missing from the walls.
The eventual layout is decided by the crew itself.
Guetta is busy giving interviews.
However  the show becomes a raging success with the crowd.
Guetta sells almost a million dollars worth of art  with his pieces showing in galleries all around the world  to the utter confusion of both Fairey and Banksy.
Guetta insists.
Time will tell whether he is a real artist or not.
<EOS>
Mary Pickford plays Priscilla an unemployed maid.
Who finds work.
There she meets a no-good peddler.
Who starts flirting and makes her fall in love with him.
He runs up a gambling bill and asks her to help him pay his debts.
He wo nt be able to marry her.
<EOS>
Conrad Brean  a top notch spin-doctor  is brought in to try to take the public attention away.
When an unnamed president is caught in a closed room making advances on an underage Firefly Girl less than two weeks before.
He decides to construct a fake war  hoping.
The media will concentrate instead.
He contacts.
Order to come up.
A Hollywood producer named Stanley Motss  who brings.
The plan s setbacks.
Led. 
Who repeatedly claims this is nothing while comparing the situation he averted.
With the election having taken place and the president re-elected  everything seems fine.
Motss finds out that the media are crediting the president s win to his tired campaign slogan of Do nt change horses in mid stream rather than Motss s elaborate plans.
Motss announces.
He will call the media to set them straight.
Brean has him killed and makes.
When Motss refuses to back down.
It look as if he had a heart attack.
The film ends.
It is unclear.
Whether this is a true event or simply a continuation.
<EOS>
Manoj K.
Jayan plays the character.
Who is the lead character.
He is quite an unattractive person.
Still he has managed to win the heart.
Hajiyar is another character.
Is less and more.
Hajiyar s daughter happens to confront a few terrorists.
Who blows up a mansion.
<EOS>
Sometime before the birth of King Arthur  Merlin  is already active and now serves under King Vortigern.
A large army of giant  fire-breathing dragons land in Britain and begin to terrorize the land  setting fire to buildings and feasting on any.
Who are unable to escape.
The dragons threaten the very existence of Britain itself.
Vortigern instructs Merlin to lead an army  ordering his best generals -- Hengist and Uther -- to aid Merlin in any way possible.
Merlin begins to think of ways to defeat the dragons.
Who are growing stronger every day whilst Britain grows weaker.
Using magic and knowledge  Merlin devises a plan.
Will ultimately decide the fate.
<EOS>
Scott and the couple saved money and dreams.
John and Suzie leave their jobs  and take their car on a ferry to Alaska with some.
They enter.
A bar and the two men start slamming local hooch until they get drunk.
Suzie meets an older man working.
Who says he can get all three a job.
The older man gives Suzie his card.
Scott and John sleep off their drunkenness.
The next morning  they find.
Their car has been broken and robbed.
Desperate  the two men land pipeline jobs with the older man s help  Suzy gets a waitressing job.
They walk out with a shopping cart of unpaid-for meat.
It is being robbed.
Scott goes  but gets turned off.
When Cindy asks Scott to go home with her.
Scott then buys three pistols.
All three spend the day improving their shooting abilities.
Suzie tells John.
They are back.
Scott pulls a gun.
Scott is fired.
John is threatened the next day.
Suzie quits her job.
All three are forced out.
Cindy finds Scott again  buys him a beer  and says.
He does not have to pay.
Two guys pull Scott out of the car and beat him up.
When Scott pulls Cindy.
Cindy runs off.
Scott s former boss Sanders lets.
Him know he is responsible.
The three are down.
Scott and John steal Sander s car  take it  and end up totaling it at a garbage dump.
The two men then go back and win enough money at a peeing contest to buy a 1957 Pontiac.
Is an endorsed payroll check from the pipeline.
They rob the office and then use Cindy.
The payroll office refuses to cash this check.
Who is coincidentally there as a hostage to escape the police.
They switch to their purchased 1957 Pontiac.
Gets a flat tire and has no spare.
They learn.
Getting it fixed.
They offer $.
They shoot a bear for food  then gag and tie Cindy up in the car while riding a ferry.
Scott removes Cindy s gag.
She says.
They should ransom her off.
All four break.
Scott calls the pipeline company.
They instruct the pipeline representative.
Starts to move immediately after the representative puts the money inside.
The representative follows the train.
Results through the window when he spots them picking up the money.
They escape.
They abandon Cindy at a police station.
Knowing the police know the serial numbers  they do not spend any of it and get a job melting scrap metal.
He gets mad  dumps groceries on the bed to let them know.
He knows  and then steals a camera.
John throws some.
Who then tries to choke him as he drives away.
John tries to leave alone.
All three reconcile and they all drive away together.
John is still angry  so he pulls over and has a shoving match  while almost getting hit by a passing car.
Abandoning their 1957 Pontiac  they run a U.
S.
/ Canada border checkpoint.
They think that the officer has recognized them.
They drive into the Canadian mountains.
Where their car runs out.
John and Susie sleep the night.
Scott goes.
Scott succeeds.
John appears to have died.
Luckily  Scott is able to slap John awake.
He  John and Susie drive away  talking of a better future as the credits roll.
<EOS>
This film tells the story before going to college.
Their bond is tested.
When a disturbing secret comes to light.
They are forced to set out.
<EOS>
1920  Evil Returns is a supernatural thriller.
Revolves. 
He stays.
Who is his support system until he meets Smruti  whom he finds.
Jaidev brings her home and takes care against the wishes of his sister.
Who does nt want Smruti to stay as she senses something wrong.
Jaidev finds out.
Smruti has lost her memory and does not remember anything except for his poems.
Jaidev decides to take Smruti to get her treated in a big hospital.
Strange haunting sounds start to emanate.
Resting. 
Smruti gets possessed and goes out of control.
<EOS>
Rani is married.
Ranjit is a rich but wheelchair ridden man.
Ranjit is paranoid.
Rani is a beautiful woman.
& his constant taunts & accusations make Rani s life miserable.
One day  Suresh Saxena  a stranger comes.
Exasperated  Rani suddenly gets attracted to Suresh.
Ranjit senses this tension & makes their life miserable.
Suresh decides to have a talk & give him a piece of his mind.
Ranjit is.
Rani   tries to convince Suresh.
Who fears that Ranjit might harm Suresh.
Just then  a plane passing drowns all the noise.
Suresh bursts.
Circumstantial evidence makes Suresh the murderer.
The murder case is taken.
Where Suresh is tried to murder.
An expected twist occurs.
As their end seems near.
<EOS>
The story starts.
Where the elderly overseer bids his young charges to read the story  unfolding the film s plot in the process.
Sherazade  a dancer  had captured the attention of Kamar  the brother of caliph Haroun.
Whose troupe also includes Sinbad the Sailor and Aladdin.
Who have seemingly fallen.
Names her.
Haroun is forced to flee.
Haroun visits his brother  for whom he feels pity  Kamar s men storm the palace and free their leader  outnumbered.
He manages to get and is spotted by the young acrobat Ali Ben Ali.
Where Sherazade s circus is performing.
Who finds out his identity and decides to hide him  confiding only in Sherazade.
He had received.
Meanwhile  Kamar  thinking  assumes the throne.
Haroun is dead.
Sherazade is not to be found  and he orders the captain of his guard to find her.
But then the scheming Grand Vizier Nadan approaches the captain the captain decides to sell the troupe into slavery.
But.
The captain is exposed  and in order to preserve his plans.
Haroun  Sherazade  and the acrobats manage to escape the slave pens and flee.
Where they are found and taken to a tent city in the desert.
Kamar proposes.
She has fallen in love with Haroun.
Also  Nadar recognizes the caliph and his affection.
He uses this knowledge to blackmail Sherazade  in exchange for Haroun s freedom  she is to poison Kamar during the wedding ceremony  upon.
Nadar would assume rulership.
However  he plans to have Haroun killed.
He has crossed the border.
Ali confides in his fellow performers.
They rush to free Haroun  then Haroun decides to free Sherazade.
Ali is to summon the troops still loyal.
Haroun and the others are quickly captured.
Sherazade and the retainers learn.
Kamar engages his brother   the arrival of Ali and the caliph s army triggers a massive battle with Kamar s men.
Ahmad and the acrobats set the tents.
Finally   Nadar shows his true allegiance.
Kamar prepares to deliver the deathstroke.
But  Ahmad and Ali interfere  forcing him to flee.
He prepares to finish Haroun.
But a spear thrown stops him.
He dies  Haroun  Sherazade  their friends and the loyal subjects celebrate victory.
<EOS>
Wealthy businessman F.
X.
Benedik  head  claims to have been receiving threats from a mysterious stranger named Boswell Marsh.
Benedik is subsequently found murdered.
The hunt is.
Benedik s son Tony takes over the running and tries.
To find some lead  and why he should have borne a murderous grudge against Benedik Senior.
His investigations lead him.
Marsh never existed.
He was terminally ill.
He intended to take his own life.
<EOS>
A sorority house is hosting a Christmas party late.
A seemingly disoriented man climbs.
Sorority sister Jess Bradford receives an obscene phone call from a recurrent caller.
The house has named the moaner.
He replies  I m going to kill you  then hangs up.
Barbara Barb Coard jokingly provokes the caller.
Clare Harrison is offended by Barb and goes upstairs to finish packing for her trip home.
She finds Claude the cat on the bed.
She tells him to move.
She has got some things to do.
She hears the cat s cries and goes to investigate.
She is packing.
Clare is attacked and asphyxiated with plastic sheeting over her head.
He carries her dead body and places it in a rocking chair next to the attic window and puts a doll in her lap.
The next day  Mr Harrison  Clare s father  arrives to take Clare home.
He goes.
When Clare is not.
Meanwhile  Jess meets her boyfriend  Peter Smythe  a neurotic aspiring pianist  and informs him.
She is pregnant and wants to have an abortion.
Peter is upset.
Her to discuss the situation later.
Mr Harrison and sorority sisters Barb and Phyllis Phyl Carlson arrive to report Clare s disappearance.
Sgt.
Nash dismisses the report and says.
Clare is probably hiding.
Jess informs Clare s boyfriend  Chris.
Nash s dismissive attitude  they rush back to discuss the disappearance with Lt.
Kenneth Fuller.
A local mother reports.
Her daughter  Janice  is missing as well.
That evening  Mr Harrison  Chris  and the sorority sisters join a search party aiming to find Janice or Clare.
Back  Mrs MacHenry  the sorority s housemother  hears Claude s meows in the attic and investigates.
She discovers Clare s body.
The killer launches a crane hook and hangs her.
Jess returns home and receives another obscene phone call.
The search party finds Janice s dead body.
Jess phones the police.
Later  Peter arrives and argues.
Peter becomes frustrated and leaves.
Fuller arrives to discuss the phone calls.
A technician places a tap bug tracer to trace the phone calls.
An officer is also stationed.
The killer appears and stabs her to death with a unicorn ornament.
Barb is sent for being too drunk.
Door-to-door Christmas carolers drown out the noise.
Jess receives another obscene phone call.
Quotes a part.
Jess suspects Peter.
She and Phyl decided.
It can not be him  since Peter was present.
Phyl goes upstairs  but decides to check on Barb first.
The door suddenly shuts.
Phyl goes.
The calls continue to come in.
Jess manages to keep the caller  allowing the police to trace the location of the call to inside the house.
Jess is ordered to leave the house immediately.
She puts down the phone and yells up.
Lt.
Fuller is informed and leaves for the house.
Jess arms herself  finding both Barb and Phyl s dead bodies.
The unseen caller attacks Jess and chases her  so Jess locks herself in the basement.
Peter appears  telling Jess.
He heard screaming.
He breaks the glass and enters the room.
Jess  believing him to be the attacker  backs.
He approaches.
Lt.
Fuller and the police arrive and find the officer stationed outside dead in his car.
Hearing Jess scream  they rush inside and find Jess with Peter.
Whom Jess has bludgeoned.
Later  Jess is sedated.
The officers discuss.
Peter must have been the killer all along.
They also discuss the fact.
Clare s body still has nt been found  revealing that they neglected to look.
The officers leave Jess to sleep  stating.
A man will be right.
The phone starts to ring.
The house is quiet.
The audience is shown the attic  and Mrs MacHenry s bodies still undisturbed as the killer whispers  Agnes.
The camera pulls back to show the outside.
The telephone continues to ring.
<EOS>
He is then entrusted with the protection of a Scroll.
Contains knowledge.
The master   is killed shortly after the transfer.
Who has formerly been the guardian.
His pupil  the now nameless Monk  escapes.
60 years later  a young pickpocket named.
Kar robs a police officer.
He is arrested  but frees himself and chains the police officer  only to flee some.
Above  the Nameless Monk is reading a newspaper.
When he notices several men attempting to capture him.
The Nameless Monk attempts to escape  whereupon he and Kar collide  causing a young girl to fall into the path of an oncoming train.
Kar and the Nameless Monk rescue the girl  whereupon the three escape  leaving Kar s bag in the station.
Having escaped  the Nameless Monk and Kar introduce themselves steals the Scroll from the Nameless Monk and runs away.
Thereafter  he is chased.
Wherever Kar goes.
Who suspects that Kar may be a suitable successor.
Kar meets a young woman named Jade.
When fighting underground called Mister Funktastic.
Whom he falls with.
The Nameless Monk then follows Kar home and watches him.
The next day  Jade meets at the opening of the exhibit by the Human Rights Organization - Conscience of Humanity.
Later  they meet again and are conversing.
When Jade walks up and asks Kar to return her necklace  which he had apparently stolen on purpose in order to return to Jade so as to earn her esteem.
She is interrupted.
Whose quarry is the Nameless Monk - their intended target flees in his company.
Wherein are several monks of the lead character s order.
The Nameless Monk then takes refuge.
Where he shows Kar several advanced combat techniques.
They are attacked.
The Scroll is taken - a crime lord named Strucker.
It is revealed.
Strucker is in fact the Nazi commander who fought 60 years ago in Tibet.
Strucker desires to use the power as a means of world domination.
Strucker finds.
It contains a recipe  whereas it is later revealed that the true secret of power is tattooed on the Nameless Monk s torso.
The Nameless Monk and Kar return home to find.
Kar s employer  Mr Kojima  has been murdered.
They flee but are betrayed by an ambitious monk - however  all parties are taken to Strucker s center of operation and tortured.
Who desires the power conferred.
The Nameless Monk and Kar seek.
The help is the daughter of a currently imprisoned Russian crime lord.
Their meeting is interrupted.
Who has Jade and Kar beaten and the Nameless Monk captured.
Later  Jade and Kar infiltrate Strucker s headquarters.
Where they are separated as Strucker prepares to scan the Nameless Monk s brain.
Jade fights Nina and defeats her.
Kar finds the Nameless Monk.
Strucker has regained his youth by reading the text of the Scroll.
He is unable to obtain the content.
Is written nowhere.
Strucker attempts to scan the Nameless Monk s brain  but is prevented himself.
The fight ensues.
Takes. 
Strucker is thrown onto electric cables  however  Strucker is preserved from death by the power conferred to him by his use of the Scroll.
The Nameless Monk transfers  and the task  to Kar.
Jade frees the other monks.
What is revealed to be only part.
It is revealed and all the effects thereof.
When Strucker attempts to kill Kar  but is killed himself.
Jade has also received a part and shares with him the task of protecting it.
The Nameless Monk then tells them.
They both passed the three prophecies and the final test.
The next day  the now aged Nameless Monk meets Kar and Jade.
To whom he reveals the final line and whom he now deems inseparable.
He then departs  lighthearted.
<EOS>
A-Tai narrates.
He is the son  who run a troupe in Taichung.
Uncle Da s troupe does traditional performance.
The religion requires performers to initiate the faces and pose -- to put on a special face painting  or to put on a heavy body puppet costume  both of these represent gods  persona.
The performance demands training  and the society associates performers with gangsters.
Uncle Da has been competing.
Who studied under the same master.
A-Tai grew estranged  and went to Taipei to study Rock music.
A mysterious old man bids him home.
A-Tai s home is a small private temple.
Also accommodates Uncle Da s troupe  now named.
The troupe is composed  Pear is autistic  A-Hsin is abused by his father.
Min-min  A-Kui and Maria came to avoid becoming gangsters.
Uncle Da is aided.
Betel-nut Cheng is married  and may have to quit the troupe to concentrate on his betel-nut stand.
A-Tai quarrels with Uncle Da and his troupe.
They call A-Tai Three Minutes.
He can not commit himself long enough.
Meanwhile  Jyou-tian is pushed out by Wu-cheng s troupe.
A-Tai challenges Wu-cheng and his son A-Hsien  A-Tai takes charge of.
A-Tai promises.
Jyou-tian will defeat Wu-cheng s troupe in six months  or Jyou-tian will leave Taichung altogether.
A-Tai learns the art and the difficulties of each troupe member.
He takes charge.
A-Tai starts training  and tries to use stage elements and create a new performance.
Earns respect.
Uncle Da is.
All crew members are loyal.
A-Tai insists  and takes the troupe on a tour to circle the Taiwan island on foot.
A-Tai is also challenged by.
Who performs the challenging sequence before him.
Jyou-tian performed drumming before a temple.
A-Tai s style is accepted.
A-Tai earns the hearts.
The tour also attracts coverage and becomes famous.
A-Hsien  though antagonistic  admires A-Tai s will to take over his father s place.
Both Bi and Min-min develop romantic interest.
A-Tai only sees.
Min-min and Bi gives up.
They win the promised contest.
Jyou-tian comes back.
A-Hsien joins.
The two young men want to join the two troupes to perform by the Taichung government.
However their fathers reject the plan.
The man shows up and is revealed to be the master of Uncle Da and.
He beats the two disciples and lectures them.
The two fathers reconcile each other.
Their sons and the two troupes join hands.
Night  Jyou-tian performed on a stage in the amphitheater of an urban park.
Jyou-tian s new performance modifies the face painting and costumes  and is combined.
They win the respect.
A-Tai s narration concludes.
His way now earns Uncle Da s support.
Jyou-tian undergoes an even more difficult training.
<EOS>
Paul Kersey returns.
He is invited to a fashion show.
Backstage  mobster Tommy OShea and his goons muscle in.
Tommy then threatens Olivia.
Who is his ex-wife and mother.
Olivia later informs Paul.
He finds bruises.
Paul proceeds to confront him.
Tommy points a gun.
The confrontation ends.
NYPD officers Tony Hoyle and Hector Vasquez visit Stewart s home.
Paul Stewart is revealed to be Paul Kersey.
He informs them.
Hoyle says.
They have been trying to nab Tommy.
He wants Olivia to testify.
That night  Paul proposes to Olivia.
Who accepts.
Olivia excuses herself to go and is attacked by Tommy s associate  Freddie Flakes.
Who bashes her head on a mirror  causing permanent disfigurement to her face.
Freddie escapes.
Paul gets a look.
He talks with Lt.
Where Paul is told Olivia will need reconstructive surgery.
Mickey King.
Who has been working.
Paul is angry but is warned not to pick up his old habits and to let the police handle it.
Tommy escalates the violence  killing several people.
Paul and Olivia are attacked.
Who ends up shooting Olivia as the couple tries to escape.
She becomes the fourth in the series to be murdered by gang members.
Tommy is cleared and seeks custody of their daughter.
This sets the stage  one.
Leaves Paul unconscious.
He decides to return and is later assisted by Hoyle.
Who learns his department has been corrupted.
Tommy hires three thugs  Frankie  Mickey  and Angel  to take care  using Chelsea as bait.
Paul rescues her.
Lt.
King is wounded.
Tommy tries to persuade Paul to spare him.
You want  anything you need.
Paul quickly responds.
I do nt need anything.
You could use a bath.
Paul then finally manages to kill Tommy.
He rejoins.
Chelsea  calling out if you need any help  give me a call while Paul walks toward the ` lightened  hallway.
<EOS>
A clumsy but well-meaning young man named.
Greg is.
Stopping  he is warned by an attendant of his girlfriend s previous boyfriend s catastrophic experience.
When he first met her overprotective father.
He ignores the advice to turn around and go home.
Arriving  he quickly becomes a target of the girl s family s anger.
When he   clogs and overflows the toilet  destroys the dinner roast and the family s beloved Victrola  almost blinds his girlfriend s mother with a fishing rod  gets into bed with his girlfriend s sister  and accidentally drowns the family dog.
His girlfriend s father chases him out.
When he feels that the family has nearly been brought.
<EOS>
Four Boston street urchins adopt a young infant.
They discovered when they made their escape from the police.
They named the baby girl Mary Rose.
The five eventually settle.
They grow up together.
Mary Rose and her four brothers have a free-range cattle farm by the name of Rose Hill near a lake.
There  Mary Rose grows up and longs to find her real family  as well as learn.
<EOS>
Quality control supervisor Larry Pearce spends his days monitoring the nuances.
Listening is his life.
However   he experiences a supernaturally heightened sense of hearing  Larry is forced to take violent action to silence the horrific cacophony in his head.
He comes home to find.
Everything   creates insufferable noise.
<EOS>
Old Mother Riley gets.
They do not realize  and even throw all their clothes out  thinking.
They are.
They are.
The window is the washing machine.
She gets involved with the theft of The Statue of Christ from Notre Dame Cathedral replacing it with a marzipan replica and also joins in a competition of chapel singing   and wins the competition  getting a contract with Columbia Records from a priest.
When she is mistaken.
Who has connections.
Several make amorous advances to Kitty  including three simultaneous Wedding proposals  each without the other s knowledge.
The finale involves a custard pie fight.
<EOS>
The film opens.
Freddy Krueger longs.
Trapped once more and unable to escape  he locates Jason Voorhees and disguises himself as Jason s mother.
The parents figured out how to keep the children from remembering him.
He convinces Jason to rise again and go to Springwood to slaughter the teens   Freddy will be blamed.
Jason will kill the teenagers.
Thus their growing fear will allow him to escape his prison once more.
Jason arrives  sneaking into the house.
Where Nancy Thompson and Jesse Walsh used to live  now owned.
Jason kills Trey using his machete.
Lori and her friends Kia  Gibb  Blake and Trey are.
The group is taken for questioning.
Lori falls asleep and has a dream about him  allowing him to gain some of his powers back.
Freddy then tries to attack Blake  but is unable to harm him.
He does nt have enough power yet to do so.
Freddy decides  he ll let Jason have some fun.
He does.
Blake awakens to find his father beheaded  sitting next  and is  a moment later  killed by Jason.
The police claim.
Order to avert suspicion.
Blake killed Trey and his father  and then took his own life.
Lori has recurring dreams and tells Kia and Gibb about it.
She is reunited Mark.
Who were institutionalized and escaped after hearing of the murders on Elm Street.
Gibb falls asleep and is attacked by Freddy.
He took the form to lure her into his trap while another person at the rave attempts to rape her.
Jason appears and kills them both  angering Freddy.
Freddy can kill Gibb.
Who realizes that Jason is now attacking his -LSB- Freddy s -RSB- victims and wo nt stop.
Jason goes beserk  killing several people.
Afterward  Will  Lori  Kia  and two fellow students - Freeburg and Linderman - escape and meet up.
Who believes the murders are being committed.
The group pieces together Freddy s original plan and.
He is losing control.
Realizing  they break.
They need Hypnocil to prevent them.
Freddy kills Mark as a message to the others.
Freddy has returned.
Freddy possesses Freeburg to stop the group.
Jason electrocutes Stubbs and is then confronted by Freddy in Freeburg s body.
Freddy succeeds.
Jason kills Freeburg.
Jason realizes.
He was tricked.
He soon discovers Jason s fear and exploits this weakness  turning Jason into a child and then bringing him into a nightmare of his childhood.
Freddy is unable to kill Jason.
Lori comes up.
She goes to find Freddy and pull him into the real world and pit the two against each other  hoping Jason will win because he ll be re-energised by being back at home.
He will be and will not come after the group.
Furthermore if Jason kills Freddy.
When he s finished.
Lori sees Freddy attempting to drown Jason and unwillingly wakes Jason up.
Who attacks the group  who have now arrived.
Freddy  enraged  brings Lori.
Reveals that he was the one who killed her mother.
Lori awakens and drags him in the waking world.
Her arm gets burned.
Jason attacks Freddy   and throws him.
Who is somewhat paralyzed.
Lori  Will  Kia and Linderman try to escape.
Linderman is wounded and dies soon afterwards.
Kia tries to save Lori and Will by taunting him about Jason being superior over him.
She is brutally killed.
Who was.
Freddy and Jason continue their battle.
Lori decides to stay.
She is assured.
He s still able to wound Jason  even gaining possession of Jason s machete.
Freddy is no match.
Lori and Will burn the propane gas tanks at the docks to blow both Freddy and Jason up.
Jason rips off Freddy s clawed arm.
When the fire starts to spread.
Freddy drives the machete.
Lori and Will dive  they explode  sending Freddy and Jason into the lake.
The gas tanks start burning and seconds later.
Freddy comes back and attempts to kill Lori.
Jason attacks  stabbing Freddy with his own clawed glove before falling into Crystal Lake.
He can.
It is not made clear as.
Fatally wounded  Freddy drops the machete and kneels helplessly.
Lori picks up the machete  then beheads Freddy and throws the machete.
Jason gives her a respectful looking gaze and sinks.
Lori and Will depart.
The next morning Jason rises.
However  Freddy s head then winks.
His laugh can be heard to black.
<EOS>
Outrage argues.
Several American political figures have led closeted gay lives.
The film examines mass media s reluctance to discuss issues involving gay politicians.
Outrage describes this behavior.
Has resulted when reporting on these issues.
<EOS>
This is the story.
Was headed to see Nostra Signora de Lourdes.
<EOS>
One of the most dangerous cities in the world  Julio and his mother are walking through a gateway near La Planta prison in Caracas.
Suddenly  he thinks.
He s heard a cat.
He notices an abandoned baby crying.
When he runs closer.
The mother hesitates to take the child  but eventually welcomes him to their family.
16 years later  Julio and his little brother Daniel have grown to become the best footballers.
The latter has become part  quickly establishing himself as a leader within his young partners.
Daniel  nicknamed El Gato is an innocent boy who dreams.
This is specially proven.
When he beats up his comrade after he bullies a minor drug dealer.
Anyway  he never intends to push out the chief.
- another slum - they both impress a scout from Caracas FC.
Who encourages them to participate.
Daniel is hugely motivated  Julio instead is gradually more involved.
<EOS>
An enigmatic uncle moves.
Her father dies.
She finds herself drawn.
She has suspicions.
<EOS>
Curley is a lift operator.
Emily is a cleaning-girl in the block.
She and Curley are attracted to be married  but their poor economic prospects stand in the way.
Emily has to spend some days.
Curley wants to treat her.
When she returns.
He decides to prepare her a special dinner  using an apartment belonging.
Who is away and has entrusted Curley with a key to keep an eye on the property in his absence.
Unfortunately   the apartment owner returns unexpectedly and is furious to discover the unauthorised use of his apartment.
The situation degenerates.
The apartment owner subsequently files a charge.
Things look bleak.
The amiable Canley learns what has happened and steps in to set matters right.
<EOS>
Mary Stuartson is a college student.
Who works.
She is involved  regarding possibly a few football players having hacked the computer of a professor to steal an upcoming test.
Her best friend Holly is involved at a party  she is raped by Clay Roberts  one of the athletes.
She admits.
What happened  telling her that she tried to push him away and scream.
She refuses to report it and starts to think.
It was her own fault.
She does go  however.
He seems to respond.
Holly took a test  for further proof.
She made the mistake to first take a shower.
There is no physical evidence of proof.
She was raped.
Holly tries to forget.
What happened.
Mary is determined.
Justice is served.
She goes.
They ca nt help her.
The university system found Clay innocent.
She discovers.
Only two resulted in charges.
The mild university system frustrates Mary.
She thinks.
Clay is especially treated softly because he is an important quarterback.
She confronts him.
He states.
Holly wanted to sleep and that he turned her down.
She soon starts writing an article.
One finds it and shows it to Clay.
Not much later she is first attacked waring balaclavas.
She is convinced.
Clay is responsible.
They all have alibis.
Meanwhile  Holly starts receiving threat letters.
She is almost going.
Mary decides to quit the investigation.
She soon starts to feel.
If she has failed.
Her parents suggest her to apply  offering their retirement money.
Mary refuses  however  explaining.
She ca nt leave everything behind.
It does nt take long to start reporting again and from there on  the threats start coming again.
This time Mary s boyfriend David is the victim  getting hard treatment.
Meanwhile  Mary angers the dean.
Which she reveals that most rape reports last year did nt result.
Her car is dumped at a nearby lake.
Later  Holly announces.
She will drop out.
Clay spots Billy talking and later gets mad at him.
Billy confronts him.
Clay assures him.
He is nt guilty.
Meanwhile  Mary finds the dress.
Holly wore and brings it to the police.
It is soon discovered.
There are sperm samples.
Clay is arrested.
Mary is able to stay.
<EOS>
The film is set.
Where the local tribesmen believe all creatures are created.
Three brothers  Kenai  Denahi and Sitka  return to receive his sacred totem  its meaning being.
What he must achieve to call himself a man.
Who gained the eagle.
Who gained the wolf.
Bears are thieves.
His point is made a fact.
When a bear steals some salmon.
Kenai and his brothers pursue the bear.
A fight follows.
The bear survives.
Vengeful  Kenai heads out to avenge Sitka.
He chases the bear up and kills it.
The Spirits  represented transforms Kenai into a bear.
The dead bear s body disappears.
Denahi arrives  mistaking Kenai.
His bear form is responsible  vows to avenge Kenai.
Kenai falls down some river rapids  survives  and is healed.
She does not speak the bear language  but advises him to return.
When he corrects what he had done.
Kenai quickly discovers.
The wildlife can talk  meeting two brother mooses  Rutt and Tuke.
He gets caught  but is freed by a chatty bear cub named Koda.
The two bears make a deal  Kenai will go to a nearby salmon run.
Then the cub will lead Kenai.
Koda reveals.
The two eventually form a sibling-like bond.
His mother is missing.
The two are hunted.
Who fails multiple times to kill Kenai  still unaware that he is his brother.
Rutt and Tuke run multiple times  the group hitching a ride on a herd of mammoths to quicken the pace to the salmon run.
The moose are left.
When the bears move on.
Kenai and Koda escape Denahi again  and reach the salmon run.
Where a large number live as a family  including the leader Tug  a Grizzly Bear.
Kenai becomes very much.
Koda tells a story about his mother fighting human hunters  making.
Kenai realize that the bear he killed was Koda s mother.
Guilty and horrified  Kenai runs away.
Koda soon finds him.
Kenai reveals the truth.
Who runs away.
An apologetic Kenai leaves to reach the mountain.
Rutt and Tuke  having fallen out  reform their brotherhood  prompting him to go after Kenai.
Denahi confronts Kenai.
Their fight is intervened.
Who steals Denahi s hunting pike.
Kenai goes  prompting Sitka to appear and turn him back into a human  much to Denahi and Koda s surprise.
However  Kenai asks Sitka to transform him back.
He can stay.
Sitka complies.
Koda is reunited briefly.
She and Sitka return.
Kenai lives with the rest of the bears and gains his title as a man  through being a bear.
<EOS>
Hoshiarpur based Gopi s dying father asks him to locate Kishen and hand-over a piece to him  and subsequently passes away.
Gopi heads out.
This is.
Where he will be taken not only by Kishen  but also by Kishen s look-alike hoodlum brother  Hari  and get involved  along with a group of assorted characters  in the location of diamonds that were stolen by three women.
<EOS>
Joe MacGonaughgill and Lucy Ackerman are roommates and best friends living.
Lucy is turning thirty.
Her love life is embarrassingly dull.
Joe is infatuated with his attractive neighbor Jane.
Lucy then decides to form a death pact.
They d had.
Lucy turns thirty  then they will both jump off the Brooklyn Bridge.
They do not both find true love.
Jane comes.
Where Joe finally gathers up the courage to ask her out  while Lucy begins dating Bwick Elias  a weirdo artist who paints.
Joe soon realizes.
Jane is nt who he thought she ought to be.
Bwick also turns out to be no Joe.
It is.
Joe and Lucy realize that they are perfect.
<EOS>
Wheezer s mother and father continue to fight.
Wheezer overhears his father telling his mother.
He is getting her a divorce.
Not knowing  Wheezer tells Stymie  Dorothy  and Sherwood.
What a divorce is.
They speculate.
What a divorce means  deciding it might be something good.
Then Donald tells the gang.
What a divorce is.
People start sobbing.
He even tells Wheezer.
He will have no father anymore.
His mother might either remarry and give him a stepfather and states.
His step father beats him regularly.
He also says.
Maybe his mother will throw him and not want him anymore.
Wheezer is frightened.
He concocts a plot to make himself abominably sick so that his parents will come together out.
Wheezer visits.
A bathroom and his friends pour all the medicine down his throat to make him ill  along with amounts of lard.
He indeed gets sick.
His plan presumably works.
His parents kiss and make up and promise.
To never fight again and that they love Wheezer very much.
<EOS>
Peter Rooker decides to audition for a small role in an upcoming local community theatre s production of Cyrano de Bergerac.
Peter has no experience or skill.
Peter soon becomes caught up  including the charming but mercurial Michael Degan  the beautiful leading lady Grace Hargrove  and a cast of other eccentric players.
Gradually  Peter discovers.
The normal rules do not apply.
There is a role for everyone.
<EOS>
An artist  John Jaspers sells his soul.
Order to avenge the death.
However  the deal has an unexpected price.
He is periodically transformed with a passion for killing.
He discovers.
M plans to release a giant monster called the Homunculus  thereby opening the gates  and sets out to stop him.
<EOS>
Two airline pilots are experiencing a sudden loss in the two engines of their airliner due to a fuel pump failure  and end up crashing shortly afterwards.
It is revealed.
They were.
Such a scenario could ever happen.
He tells them.
It is nt a dream.
It happened.
Flashback at Dorval Airport in Montreal.
The ground crews struggle to convert gallons into liters and pounds into kilograms.
They prepare to refuel a brand-new Boeing 767 bound.
This is the first aircraft.
They are about to make a terrible conversion mistake.
Meanwhile  Beth Pearson drives her husband  Captain Robert Pearson   unusually anxious about hosting her in-laws later that day.
First Officer Maurice Quintal reluctantly accepts to cover for an injured colleague  leaving behind his sick wife.
The two airmen feel uneasy  but are somewhat reassured to see the ground crews measuring the quantity of fuel in the tanks  20345 kg  or  enough to take them to Vancouver.
They believe.
Their Flight Management Computer will constantly indicate the quantity aboard.
The passengers board flight 174  including Rick Dion  the airline s chief mechanic  as well as his wife and three-year-old boy.
Dion visits Pearson in the flight deck.
Their conversation is suddenly interrupted indicating a failure with one of the fuel pumps.
The alarm stops.
Later  another fuel pump fails.
Quintal revises the notepad used and discovers.
They have loaded 20345 pounds  leading to a potential fuel exhaustion.
Pearson decides to divert.
The 767 is still far.
When suddenly  an alarm sounds  indicating a complete fuel exhaustion.
It is followed.
The ram air turbine kicks in and provides limited power.
The aircraft has become a giant glider.
All the passengers start to appreciate.
What they believe are their last living moments.
Luckily  Pearson is a former glider pilot.
Quintal suddenly remembers the presence.
The crew decide to land there.
Unknown  the airfield s abandoned runway is occupied by race cars and young cyclists.
They dodge all the way.
The nose landing gear collapses  yet the aircraft stops.
Everyone survived.
<EOS>
In the heart of Paris  the restaurateur Andre Chatelin  leads an uneventful life until the arrival from Marseille of Catherine  the daughter of his ex-wife Gabrielle.
She tells him.
Her mother is dead and that she is.
Chatelin welcomes her - then marries her.
Gerard  a young student  becomes Catherine s lover.
Chatelin looks upon.
She sets him.
She asks him to kill the restaurateur.
He refuses.
She kills him.
Having discovered.
Drug addicted  Chatelin realises the darkness.
Who has always lied.
<EOS>
James  a wealthy businessman  is married against the wishes of his family.
James  family seems to make amends.
James passes away.
However Susanna eventually realizes.
Their motive is James  wealth.
The family files a lawsuit against Susanna  claiming her marriage to James is invalid  hence Susanna and her child are not entitled to James  wealth.
The family also attempts to isolate Susanna  destroy her marriage records and threaten her.
Receiving no help  a helpless Susan by chance encounters George Korah Vettickal  an advocate.
Susanna hires George to defend her case.
George is beaten and threatened against working on Susanna s case.
A determined George proceeds with the case and uncovers many discrepancies  including the mystery behind James  death  eventually building up the case against James  relatives.
<EOS>
Pat Solatano has lost everything -- his house  his job  and his wife.
He now finds himself living back after spending eight months in a state institution on a plea bargain.
Pat is determined to rebuild his life  remain positive and reunite  despite the challenging circumstances of their separation.
All Pat s parents want.
Is for him to get back and to share their family s obsession with the Philadelphia Eagles football team.
Things get complicated.
When Pat meets Tiffany  a mysterious girl.
Tiffany offers to help Pat reconnect  but.
If he ll do something very important in return.
An unexpected bond begins to form.
Their deal plays out.
Silver linings appear.
<EOS>
The story focuses Andrew E.
Jimmy Santos  and Keempee de Leon.
They live as bakal-dyaryo-bote collectors recycling scrap metal  newspapers and empty beverage bottles.
Later on  They discover.
Jimmy Santos  the ugliest  is the only heir of a rich yet an ugly tycoon in Manila who was lucky enough to marry a wealthy man played by Eddie Gutierrez.
Jimmy also took his adopted brothers & adoptive parents.
When his biological parents took him wish he is longing for.
The Film also Featured a cameo appearance.
<EOS>
Anjaneyulu is a story.
Anjaneyulu works.
Subash is another honest reporter belonging.
Who unravels a murder conspiracy relating.
Anjali is a beauty.
Who works.
Anjaneyulu comes and wants her to be his love.
Anjaneyulu joins Bada s gang to extract all the information behind the conspiracy.
Anjaneyulu kills the bad guys including Bada and turns over the CD containing all the information relating to the conspiracy to the police.
Anjali and Anjaneyulu get married.
Anjali gives birth.
Who is named.
Anjaneyulu info  gallery and videos .
<EOS>
Welles  taking a break  is driving in the Irish countryside one night.
When he offers a ride.
The man relates a strange event.
Happened at the same location.
Two women flagged down his car one evening  asking.
They invited him.
He went back for his cigarette case.
He found the manor deserted and decayed.
A real estate broker told him.
The mother and daughter had died years ago.
Welles  sufficiently spooked  drops the man off and leaves in a hurry.
When the man asks him stronger as the ghostly women had earlier invited him into Glennascaul.
He passes two other stranded women.
Welles drives off.
Who wave.
<EOS>
The film follows the life.
She has to deal  including a drunken father and harassing cliques.
Many times she hallucinates the ghosts.
<EOS>
A cantankerous but loveable high school teacher teaches a night school on the fringes of Japanese society.
<EOS>
The film is the story.
Who New Year s night decide to travel from Mumbai to Pune.
But a trip ends up becoming an all-nighter  and preventing them from reaching their destination.
Should only take a couple.
They realize.
They love each other  but all the way its more of a friends fun trip.
<EOS>
Shyam  a wealthy bachelor  returns to India and meets the girl  Radha  of his dreams.
But Radha is a helpless pawn controlled.
The two eye Shyam s wealth and estate and nothing can stop them.
<EOS>
Elizabeth gathers together a group of specially selected friends for a rather odd party.
It turns out.
She is the descendent.
Now Elizabeth hopes to resurrect her dreadful ancestor and has a specific need she has chosen.
<EOS>
The film opens.
It is August.
Nazi forces are sweeping among others.
Are the Jewish Bielski brothers  Tuvia  Zus  Asael  and Aron.
Their parents are dead  slain under orders from the occupying Germans.
The brothers flee  vowing to avenge their parents.
They encounter other Jewish escapees hiding.
The brothers take them.
They shelter a growing number of refugees  raiding local farms for food and supplies  moving their camp.
Whenever they are discovered.
Tuvia kills the local police chief responsible.
The brothers stage raids  however  Jewish casualties cause Tuvia to reconsider this approach because of the resulting risk to the hiding Jews.
A long-time sibling rivalry fuels a disagreement between them about their future  as winter approaches  Zus elects to leave his brothers and the camp and join a local company of Soviet partisans.
His older brother Tuvia remains.
An arrangement is made.
Which the Soviet partisans agree to protect the Jewish camp.
The camp learns.
The Germans are about to attack them.
The Soviets refuse to help them.
They evacuate the camp.
A delaying force stays behind  led  to slow down the German ground troops.
The defense does not last long.
Who   are confronted with a seemingly impassable marsh.
They cross the marsh  but are immediately attacked.
Tuvia then flanks the tank and turns it on the Nazi soldiers.
Isaac is shot and killed.
Detonates. 
The Germans are assaulted by a partisan force led by Zus.
As all seems lost.
Has apparently deserted the Soviet retreat to rejoin the group.
The film ends.
The survivors escape.
They lived  building a hospital and a school  ultimately growing to a total of 1200 Jews.
The epilogue also states they saved now number.
The Bielski brothers never sought recognition  and that the descendants of the people.
<EOS>
The film recounts life  from the 1920s to the 1980s  through the eyes of lovers Peppino and Mannina.
When people go hungry and  his son.
He encounters the woman of his life.
Her family opposes the relationship.
The two insist and get married  and have children.
Subplots include one.
People try to hit.
S.
Invades Sicily  making clothing.
Peppino s daughter calling her father a fascist.
Running however is the main subplot concerning the history of the Italian left especially the Communist Party of.
Peppino is a life long member.
It charts his fight by his fellow politicians.
<EOS>
The film begins.
The film then cuts with fellow soldier Mark Tate.
Once there  they are briefed.
Who tells them to treat the people with respect.
The men witness the death  Major Godber whilst trying to rescue a Territorial Army private and is incapable of taking cover.
Who is struck.
The troops receive reports.
The insurgents came nearby.
They arrest several men suspected  and take them back to their base.
When the troops arrive.
They begin to beat  torture and sexually abuse them.
There  they are told to leave the prisoners.
He refuses  but is bullied into helping them.
When Corporal Gant orders a reluctant Tate to join the troops.
Gulliver takes some photographs.
We see  they resume their normal lives.
They arrive home.
Which Gulliver shows his girlfriend the pictures.
She reports him.
She discovers that he has been cheating.
Gant  Gulliver and Tate are subsequently arrested.
Gant is fined.
The two privates are.
Tate kills himself.
We see Gulliver s trial  he pleads guilty to all charges  but rather than solely take the blame.
He tells the court what Gant and the other soldiers did.
He is beaten.
When Gulliver is returned.
<EOS>
Zanskar is the last remaining original Tibetan Buddhist society.
In Sikkim  Bhutan  and Nepal  traditional Tibetan Buddhist culture is either dead already or dying.
The horror is being matched by the destruction of global economics elsewhere.
Zanskar  ringed in northwest India  one of the most remote places on the planet  has been safe until now.
But that s changing.
The heart of Zanskar  with Leh  the heart of neighboring Ladakh  will be finished.
The route will take only 4-5 hours.
Previously took up by car.
It will bring an end to this unbroken Buddhist social tradition.
Economic growth descends.
Will the native language  culture  and religious practice be able to survive.
The monks are building a school to educate the children.
Presently  the government school teaches none  and is closed most of the year.
The nearby private school also does nt teach those subjects and is additionally unaffordable.
Along with indigenous traditions  the children will be educated in the best Western curricula.
The monks are racing.
They are also placing local children in the city of Manali and beyond.
They complete the school.
This requires walking.
Led.
Whatever it takes.
<EOS>
Tolga  having struggled all his life  believes.
He is a total loser and the unluckiest man.
He is fired.
Believing  he commits suicide.
He has ruined his last chance to win over the love.
He is met.
He dies.
Who   show Tolga scenes from how his life would have been in the future if he had not committed suicide.
<EOS>
The film tells the story  being chased by unidentifiable men after attaining top secret information of the nation.
Who find himself.
<EOS>
Young George ODowd argues with his parents over his femininity and moves into a squat with Peter  and calls himself Marilyn.
Who dresses.
They make themselves known.
Where George gets a job.
George is unlucky.
He meets musician Kirk Brandon.
Meets the handsome drummer Jon Moss.
Whom he develops a crush.
Sacked and spurned by Kirk  George turns to Sex Pistols manager Malcolm McLaren to further his music career.
George s spell is short.
When the rest reveal to McLaren how much they hate George.
But fan Mikey Craig is impressed and asks George to sing.
He is forming  where George again meets Jon.
They have an affair and the group become the very successful Culture Club.
Four years later  however  hounded amid stories of his drug addiction  an unhappy George turns to Jon for advice on his future.
<EOS>
NASA astronauts Adam Banton and Carl Ackland are trapped in a capsule  hundreds of miles from Earth.
The two pioneers await the call.
Will determine their survival.
They receive a transmission from their President.
It is not.
What they expect.
<EOS>
Ben Cronin is a star swimmer.
His coach informs him.
Stanford University scouts will appear meet.
Ben and his girlfriend Amy discuss their future plans.
Amy has her heart set  but explains.
She will go to stay close to Ben.
The next day  Ben nearly runs his car and gives her a ride home as an apology.
Later  he realizes.
Madison left her notebook.
The notebook is filled.
Ben spots his initials written.
He meets Madison s cousin  Christopher.
When he brings the notebook to return it.
Madison appears  so Ben offers to take her.
Stressed  and explains that she has nt eaten all day.
Ben tells Madison about his girlfriend.
Madison does nt appear too bothered and explains.
She has a boy waiting in New York City.
Ben shares some with Madison  he began doing drugs five years ago.
Led in juvenile hall  which saved him because he ultimately realized his passion and talent for swimming.
Madison convinces him to go.
Ben tries to end the date.
Her aggressive flirtation lures Ben.
The two end up having sex.
However  both agree to remain friends and agree not to discuss their steamy encounter.
The next night  Ben goes.
Amy introduces Ben.
Who turns out to be Madison.
The two pretend have not met one another yet.
Madison begins to obsess over Ben - she stops by his house to meet his mom and bombards Ben with e-mails and instant messages.
Ben realizes her unhealthy behavior and furiously demands.
She leave him alone.
Ben s lying begins to eat.
He decides  but Madison tells Amy first.
He will confess his infidelity.
Madison begins dating Ben s rival teammate  Josh.
Right  Ben is disqualified for having steroids in his urine.
Ben is outraged and suspects.
Madison had convinced Josh to set him up.
Ben confronts Josh  revealing his suspicion.
Days later  Madison accidentally calls Josh.
They are kissing.
Josh realizes.
Madison s obsession is real  and tells her off.
Ben tries to tell Amy everything.
She does not believe him.
The next day  Ben goes.
Where he finds Josh dead.
The police suspect.
Ben is to blame.
To prove his innocence  Ben breaks.
He discovers a bottle  and a creepy shrine of his personal belongings.
She has been secretly stashing.
Christopher warns Ben.
A nurse tells him.
When Ben visits Jake Donnelly.
Jake s girlfriend Madison survived the crash.
Madison disguises herself and steals his car.
She follows Amy home and runs Amy off the road.
Again Ben is framed.
That night Madison confessing her crime and intentions.
The police arrest Madison.
She manages to escape custody and take Amy to the school s swimming pool.
Madison throws a handcuffed and chairbound Amy.
Ben watches.
Madison attacks them.
Ben grabs one end  pulling her.
She drowns.
Madison does nt know how to swim.
Ben frees Amy and carries her out of the pool.
Ben gives Amy mouth.
She becomes conscious.
Some time later   Ben is a spectator.
He goes.
Where he and Amy kiss and happily drive away.
<EOS>
Five couples are.
All are pretty newly wed  except for one couple.
Who are celebrating their wedding anniversary.
Together the couples take many tours and visit sites together and get to know each other on a personal level.
Slowly and steadily a host open up about each of them.
Abhay Sachdeva and Ritika Khanna  Two people brought together.
Abhay is ready to work things out and open himself out.
Is holding back.
Causes a little tension and confusion.
Rishab and Anu  He is.
They seem to be totally head in love with each other and are the envy of most other couples.
Only to surprise everyone.
Kirron Kher and Satish Shah  Are here to celebrate their anniversary and always seem to be fighting each other.
The fact is.
They love each other a lot.
Their expression is just different.
Arjun.
K.
And Sarah  He has been out and is living with his girlfriend of another nationality.
He had proposed in the past.
The offer was rejected.
Shoaib and Ananya  Ananya is Shoaib.
S sister s best friend and had an eternal crush.
She eventually convinced him to marry her.
But Shoaib is unable to think as anything but his sister s friend.
They are working.
<EOS>
Alexander Fu Sheng and Adam Cheng star of the same kung fu master.
The Rat and Cat have spent years arguing over.
Who has the most powerful kung fu.
The Rat becomes profoundly jealous and hatches a plot to discredit his rival.
When the Cat is appointed to the emperor.
<EOS>
Three friends are trying to get.
One  Vivia  plays a prank on the girls in the sorority on the night of the initiation.
She learns and now must play a prank by the sorority for the local fraternity.
Is how she was accepted.
The party is to be held.
Another friend  Jennifer  is bothered.
The third friend  Phoebe and the guy  convince her to go along.
She is interested.
Someone or something else does not want anyone at their abandoned house.
<EOS>
Lisa Reisert takes a red-eye flight to Miami  Florida.
She meets Jackson Rippner.
Lisa discovers.
When boarding.
Jackson is and seated beside her.
Rippner reveals.
Take off.
He is a terrorist operative working.
Lisa is instrumental.
Where the Keefe family is staying.
The assassination plan is to use a portable missile launcher and fire it at the hotel.
Rippner must force Lisa to make a phone call from the in-flight phone and order the hotel staff to change his reservation to a suite facing the harbor.
He will deploy a hitman to kill her father  Joe  in Miami.
She refuses to cooperate.
Lisa attempts to find a way to keep both her father and Keefe safe.
The line goes dead midway.
When she first places a call.
Lisa tries to fool Rippner.
She is still ordering the room change.
She then makes two unsuccessful tries to alert the other passengers.
Lisa makes the phone call.
When the phone line comes back.
The hotel staff move the politician.
She asks Rippner to call off the man outside her father s house  but refuses.
He has confirmation.
Lisa incapacitates Rippner  takes his phone and flees the plane and terminal  narrowly escaping both Rippner and airport security.
Once outside  she steals a nearby SUV.
She once again calls the hotel  alerting Cynthia.
Cynthia pulls the fire alarm to evacuate the building and rushes to warn Keefe and his family.
Who are.
Cynthia  the Keefes and U.
S.
Secret Service agents manage to escape the room seconds.
Lisa  still driving  tries to call her father.
The cell phone s battery dies.
She rushes  arriving to find the hitman outside his door  and runs him down.
Lisa finds her father inside.
He tells her.
He has called the police.
Rippner arrives and knocks out her father.
Lisa phones the hotel to check in.
He chases her and throws her down a flight of stairs.
Lisa retrieves the dead hitman s gun and threatens Rippner with it.
He attempts to escape.
Lisa shoots him.
He can.
He disarms and attacks her.
When  finally  Lisa s father shoots Rippner  incapacitating him as the police finally arrive.
Keefe and the Secret Service thank Lisa and Cynthia for saving him and his family from the assassination.
<EOS>
A young boy witnesses mobsters beating his father.
Twenty years later  he sets out.
He decides to kidnap the man s daughter.
An attempt to kill one goes wrong.
Things get complicated in love.
Meanwhile  the police are attempting to track them down.
<EOS>
So-yeon falls.
When an accident claims the life.
Which she awakes ten years later.
However  a series starts to take place upon her recovery.
She seemingly takes.
However  it is revealed.
The living twin is truly.
The secret is hidden.
Who tells the villager that Hyo-jin is dead.
The dreadful spirit comes back to take someone to live underwater with her.
<EOS>
Created and performed entirely  with music written and performed by Adrian Kingwell  it is made in the style of an expository film.
It ostensibly represents Perth.
An enthusiastic voice over is contradicted.
It also suggests a fantastical element.
Lurks. 
<EOS>
Eccentric millionaire Frederick Loren invites five people.
He is throwing in a rented house  promising to give them each $ 10000 with the stipulation that they must stay the entire night in the house after the doors are locked at midnight.
Arriving late leading the procession  Loren s guests are told the rules of the party.
Each are given a.
45 caliber pistol.
Forced to attend the party  Loren s wife tries to warn the guests  causing them to be very suspicious.
Her husband is psychotic.
Nora Manning becomes convinced.
He s trying to kill her when she keeps seeing frightening apparitions.
Who had apparently hanged herself some time.
Almost as frightened is another party guest  Watson Pritchard  the owner of the house.
He is convinced.
The house is genuinely haunted  and that those ghosts have the power to come for anyone in the house.
Party guest Lance Schroeder is attacked  but is convinced  and tries to calm Nora s fears.
His attacker was real.
It is eventually revealed.
Annabelle   faked her death in an attempt to frighten Nora so badly that she will be compelled to shoot Frederick.
She has experienced.
Dr Trent slips in and tries to get rid by pushing it into a vat of acid there  but the lights go out.
She flees the room.
The sounds are heard.
Hearing the gunshot  Annabelle rushes down.
Her husband is dead.
Suddenly  a skeleton rises.
A screaming Annabelle recoils  accidentally falling into the acid herself.
The animated spectre approaches her.
The real Frederick then emerges  holding the contraption.
He used to manipulate the skeleton.
Triumphant  he watches Annabelle dissolve.
Nora tells the other guests.
She has shot Loren.
They find him alive.
When they all arrive there.
He tells Nora.
The gun she fired had been loaded with blanks  and explains to his guests that his wife and Dr Trent had been trying to kill him and that they have each met their end in the vat of acid  adding solemnly that he is ready for justice to decide his guilt or innocence.
Watson Pritchard  still an avid believer  looks into the acid and declares.
Annabelle and Dr Trent have now joined the ranks.
He announces.
The ghosts are now coming  then  breaking the fourth wall  he turns toward the camera and adds  and then they ll come for you.
<EOS>
The story revolves.
<EOS>
Recently diagnosed  Bruce Campbell unexpectedly finds himself the owner of a small valley in the Canadian Rocky Mountains as the result of a bequest from his grandfather.
Bruce arrives at Campbell s Kingdom to find its existence under threat from the construction of a new hydroelectricity dam.
Convinced  the race is on to prove.
His grandfather was right and that the Kingdom may be prospective.
There is oil.
The mining company building the dam can flood the valley.
Standing is corrupt construction contractor Owen Morgan.
Who resorts in order to prevent Campbell from succeeding in his quest.
However  Bruce is ably and enthusiastically assisted.
Unfortunately the residents of the nearby town of Come Lucky invested heavily in his grandfather s schemes  only to feel cheated.
When his projects came.
Gradually Bruce manages to turn them and lies of Morgan and the mining company.
<EOS>
Lucy is a frustrated magician  specifically an escape artist.
Who is obsessed.
She collects Houdini artifacts and waits while working as a waitress at a trendy Manhattan restaurant.
She arranges a heist of the restaurant.
Monte is also determined to get Lucy to marry him.
He needs his green card.
<EOS>
Botany professor Anant Patil falls with Sulkeha and marries her to the dismay of Sulekha s brother in law  Raghav Joshi.
Raghav refuses to attend the wedding.
But Anant decides to turn the tables and teach him a lesson.
<EOS>
A psychiatrist  Dr Park  interviews Arthur Poppington.
He is confused.
He slowly opens up  recalling an incident.
Which he assaulted Mr Debrofkowitz  the owner.
He starts his story one night.
Where he not is investigating shipment docks  and assaults a police officer who claims to be working undercover.
Dooney is a corrupt detective  leads Defendor to believe Captain Industry.
Whose crack smoking  and having a prostitute.
He is.
He goes to a coffee shop.
His description goes out.
A nearby policeman hears it.
Poppington is arrested.
The captain  Fairbanks  sparks a kinship with Poppington.
Both had served in the war  a subject which came up upon Fairbanks recognizing the trench club that Poppington uses as a primary weapon.
Arthur takes his weapon back and disappears.
It becomes apparent.
Arthur lives alone.
His life is very solitary.
He meets Angel  the prostitute.
Who was smoking crack.
He is brutally beaten.
She helps him recover.
He learns.
He allows her to live because with Dooney mad at her  she has no place else to go.
He enlists her help in apprehending Industry.
It is also revealed.
Possibly prostitution killed her some years later.
His grandfather said.
The captains killed her.
He misinterpreted and got the impression.
One man was responsible.
Angel later reveals.
She had been lying.
Her real name is Katerina Debrofkowitz.
Arthur s boss and close friend Paul  becomes concerned.
Arthur is living.
Paul tries to help Arthur  and offers him the opportunity to come and live.
Arthur rejects the offer.
Paul gives Arthur a cell phone.
He is ever needed.
That night  Arthur ventures out to spy in a meeting  but accidentally makes himself known.
Arthur calls Paul s line  Paul forces Angel to take him to.
He is shot.
Where Arthur was supposed to be that night.
They call the paramedics.
Paul orders Angel to leave Arthur alone.
Undergoing surgery.
They are relieved.
When they find out that he was shot.
Angel visits Arthur.
Who is lying unconscious.
She reveals.
She ran away because her father was physically abusing her.
Arthur opens his eyes  having heard everything.
She leaves.
Angered.
Angel was treated.
She tells Arthur.
Dr Park absorbs the story.
What she admires most about him is his honesty  although she also says that there are better ways.
A hearing prior revealed.
Paul came to defend Arthur  telling him about Arthur s delusions of being Defendor.
The judge mandated a psychological evaluation to determine.
He can be returned or locked up in prison.
A reporter approaches Paul and convinces him to let her run a story.
He agrees.
People become inspired.
The judge orders Paul be Arthur s guide to reintroduce him.
Is nearly ruined when news that he can never become Defendor again causes Arthur to nearly go ballistic.
Depressed  Angel becomes desperate for a hit  and tries to get back together with Dooney.
However  knowing her affiliation  he instead holds her hostage  and sends Arthur a threat to not reveal anything.
He had learned.
Arthur decides to take the risk to save Angel and once again dons his persona.
Kat manages to escape Dooney.
She is devastated.
When he reveals he still plans to go  and tells him that she lied about the identity of Captain Industry due to a personal vendetta she has with him.
She orders Arthur to take a gun.
She stole for safety.
He reveals his plans but escapes  leading a trail of road flares to the docks.
They can take him again.
Defendor manages to subdue Industry s henchmen  but does not defend himself.
Who fatally shoots him.
Angel runs to help him.
Arthur lays dying.
She promises to stop smoking crack and to get a job outside.
Kat revealed.
She had always had a talent  that Arthur had described as being like Lois Lane.
She promises to be.
Arthur dies.
Later  it is revealed.
Dooney and Captain Industry were arrested.
Dooney is sentenced.
Industry is extradited.
Arthur s legacy lives on.
A memorial is held under a spray paint mural that was drawn in his honor.
Dr Park and her daughter attend as well  remembering the man and inspired.
No one could see.
The last shot is of Angel sitting at her typewriter  writing stories.
A wasp flies.
<EOS>
Exchanging clothes  the Our gang ends up on a train headed for Chicago.
Pressed  effeminate Travelers Aid attendant Mr Henderson suffers torment  especially.
When he tries to prevent three-year old Spanky.
Things come.
When the kids manage to get hold  at the same time accidentally releasing a menagerie of circus animals from the baggage car.
Mr Henderson is told.
He has the wrong children and must bring them back.
<EOS>
Jose  the protagonist  is a young boy.
Who wins a partial scholarship to attend high school.
His grandmother accompanies him there  working to pay for costs.
Jose deals  especially from one of his teachers.
He is accused  so he runs away from school  back to his small shack in the city.
When he writes an essay.
The teacher professor goes and tells Jose  offering an apology.
He was wrongly accused.
Later Jose returns.
His grandmother has a heart attack while returning home to a local clothesmaker to make Jose a fresh suit.
Jose is launched.
His grandmother dies.
He can not control.
<EOS>
An American professor travels to find a mysterious century-old chest built by Sultan Abdulhamid II.
He believes is relevant.
His search leads.
Him discover long-forgotten underground cloisters  where he confronts a patriotic museum curator and the Turkish intelligence.
Conspiracies going back and as far as the final years of the Ottoman Empire are revealed in the course of his investigation.
<EOS>
The four couples prepare.
Sheila and her new husband  Troy  are the first  and  lastly  Angela and Marcus.
To arrive  following Patricia and Gavin  Terry and Dianne.
The men and the women separate to talk.
Sheila s ex-husband  Mike  arrives.
Angela immediately starts a fight.
He leaves the women alone to go see the guys.
That night  Mike talks.
Angers Troy.
Dianne accidentally calls Terry Phil.
Angela is insistent.
She distrusts him.
Marcus distracts her using sex.
Dianne and Terry hear arguing later and think.
It s Angela and Marcus.
It turns out to be Patricia and Gavin.
She finds Patricia but can not get Patricia to tell her.
When Dianne goes to investigate.
What s wrong.
The next morning Sheila makes it clear.
Though Mike says he misses her  she is completely.
The women meet an elderly couple.
They accidentally throw a friend s ashes.
Sheila invites them.
They accept.
Did I Get Married ceremony.
She and Gavin are getting a divorce.
Gavin walks away.
He did nt know she was going to announce it.
Back  Gavin and his lawyer meet Patricia with her lawyer  Dianne.
Patricia and Gavin have decided to split everything down the middle.
Gavin reveals.
Patricia has not offered up the account from her books.
Patricia refuses to give Gavin any money.
Gavin stops Dianne and tells her to tell Patricia to prepare.
Patricia leaves.
He intends to get half as well.
Angela comes she s been hearing sexual noises.
Home and Angela s neighbor stops her and tells her.
When Angela is not home.
Angela believes and confronts.
Marcus is cheating.
Him live.
Marcus gives up his phone and password.
Gavin comes home very drunk and confronts Patricia.
He takes their son s baby photos and taunts her.
He then assaults her and douses her  then burns the photos.
Elsewhere  Mike agrees to help find Troy a job.
Angela lectures Dianne and Sheila.
All men cheat.
Patricia catches Gavin  Terry  and Marcus moving Gavin s things out and finds out.
Gavin has taken all their money  even her book money.
Patricia trashes the house.
Angela comes.
The maid having sex.
Terry finally confronts Dianne.
She reveals.
She has been having an emotional affair.
Marcus and Angela fight  then reconcile  then fight again.
Angela finds out Marcus has another phone.
Troy arrives.
Finding out Mike got him his police job.
He finds Sheila there and attacks Mike angrily.
Sheila tearfully confesses.
She has been taking Mike.
Troy apologizes for the incident   beginning a new friendship.
Who forgives him and invites Troy to have a drink.
Mike tells the men to fix their marriages.
Life is too short.
Gavin is struck and gravely injured by a truck.
A tearful and regretful Patricia instructs the wives to fix their marriages.
The others wait to hear the status.
Everyone makes up.
Unfortunately  Gavin s surgeon informs them.
He has died.
A memorial service is later held.
The remaining men  Terry  Mike  Troy and Marcus  fly off balloons to commemorate Gavin s passing.
Patricia  now widowed  is asked out  and agrees and smiles.
Whom her books helped him get.
The film ends.
<EOS>
A small band of Confederate soldiers disguised as civilians intercept a shipment of gold escorted by Union cavalry troops.
Results. 
The war ended.
Matt and his men transport the gold as planned with Captain Petersen.
Who has been scouting the area disguised.
Hot-Headed Rolph Bainter shoots him dead.
When Petersen confirms that the war is indeed over and admits that he knew but made no attempt to tell the men.
The men briefly debate.
What to do.
Matt decides.
They will take the gold back to help finance their country s reconstruction.
The following day  Matt disguises himself and uses Petersen s covered wagon to transport the gold out of the area -- his men hidden inside.
Soon they are stopped  but  Matt persuades the posse s leader Quincey.
They discover the Confederate rebels hidden.
They ve been caught.
The posse rides off.
Matt and his men continue on.
An the rebels are forced to commandeer a stagecoach carrying a former Union war nurse Molly Hull and her companion Lee Kemper.
Quincey s posse returns and chases the stage.
They drag him to discover the location of the gold.
Meanwhile  Matt and his men take the stage passengers  the aging station agent Plunkett  and his daughter Margaret Harris hostage.
Matt explains.
When Kemper accuses Matt and his men.
They were carrying out a military mission  acting  and that men died on both sides.
Margaret is unmoved.
Molly and Kemper remain suspicious.
Molly tends.
Matt then addresses Quincey s posse.
Who have surrounded the station house  trying to convince them that the gold is hidden near the abandoned wagon.
Matt asks each to give him their word.
Night descends.
They will remain silent while he and the men slip out.
Kemper yells out a warning.
They leave.
Matt and his men are forced back.
Matt prevents the violent Rolph.
Later that night  the posse try to lure the Confederates out.
Matt is able to rescue Cass using the remaining sticks.
The following day  Kemper offers Matt a way.
Giving Matt an Indian token  Kemper explains.
His good trading relationship will guarantee fresh horses and safe passage out of the territory.
He also knows.
A brief torrential rainstorm will soon arrive and supply Matt and his men cover.
Matt agrees.
Later   Rolph tries to force himself.
Molly is caring.
An enraged Matt stops him.
A fistfight ensues.
Matt moves to console Molly.
Rolph is beaten.
Young Jamie Groves shoots the gun out.
When an angry Rolph tries to shoot Matt.
Jamie shoots him dead.
When Rolph picks up the gun and tries again.
Quincey and his men have been digging a short tunnel under the station house.
Cass stops them.
When they break through and reach a trap door the station house.
Frustrated  Quincey decides to burn the station house down and orders his men to torch the roof.
He shoots him.
When one tries to leave.
Kemper s predicted thunderstorm arrives.
The fire burns.
Kemper tries to escape with his two gold bars and is shot dead by the posse.
He is also killed.
When Cass sneaks outside to scatter the posse s horses.
Molly begs Matt not to take the gold.
Matt and Jamie prepare to escape.
Quincey and his men begin shooting at each another.
Believing Matt has escaped after him into the night.
The next morning  the surviving members are gone.
Respecting Molly s wishes  Matt and Jamie surrender the gold.
Margaret and Plunkett offer a home.
Who promises he will return.
Matt also promises Molly  and the two embrace.
He will return after he is repatriated in Virginia.
<EOS>
Mama Rampuri comes and is contemplating his latest for.
He plans to enlist the services.
Bhola however has had quite a few bad experiences and has been in and out of prison seven times trying to carry out Mama s mostly disastrous robbery plans.
His mother however does nt listen and tries to inspire him by narrating the glorious deeds of his late father.
Who went and yet never complained.
She has a heart ailment pretty soon.
Lands her.
Poor Bhola needs a large amount.
He reluctantly joins hands.
Who recruits club dancer Rita Abdul Keshto Mukherjee and others to plan the heist of kidnapping the only son of millionaire businessman cum antisocial smuggler Seth Dharamdas.
There is also Mama s old nemesis Ghaffoor.
Who tries to thwart his plans and harm him.
Will Mama Rampuri and his team be able to successfully pull off the planned heist.
<EOS>
Ganesan  is an irresponsible youth.
He promises his mother.
He would be good and start earning.
He joins a job.
Where he bashes few.
This impresses a do-gooder and a don Thondaman.
He urges him to join him.
Thondaman is respected.
Lot for he provides justice.
People approach him and not the police.
Ganesan impressed  develops an affinity with him and even decides to gives his life for him.
Meanwhile Ganesan falls with one Poonkodi.
Turn leaves a local Minister s son going crazy behind her.
Enters a police officer.
Who plays spoilsport.
He threatens Thondaman and hatches a conspiracy to ensure that Thondaman and Ganesan part ways.
But things happen otherwise.
<EOS>
Best friends and nerds Lewis Skolnick and Gilbert Lowe enroll to study computer science.
The Alpha Betas  a fraternity  carelessly burn down their own house and seize the freshmen dorm.
Which many members belong.
The college allows the displaced freshmen  living  to join fraternities or move to other housing.
Lewis  Gilbert  and other outcasts renovate a dilapidated home to serve.
Who can not join a fraternity.
Also  Gilbert meets a cute but geeky accordion player named Judy.
The Alpha Betas and their associated sorority  the Pi Delta Pis  harass the nerds.
The campus police refuse to get involved  so the nerds appeal.
Its president Stan Gable  the leader  rejects their complaints.
The nerds are not a part.
The nerds attempt to join a national fraternity.
All but one reject them.
They meet U.
N.
Jefferson  the head.
They receive probationary membership.
Jefferson notes that the applicants are nerds.
The nerds prepare a party and invite Jefferson.
The party is nearly ruined.
It starts when the Pi Delta Pis   do not appear.
However  thanks of marijuana  the party is successful.
The Alpha Betas and Pis unleash pigs  then taunt and moon them  Jefferson sees firsthand the harassment the nerds face.
The nerds  finally pushed too far  seek revenge.
Then  the next day  the nerds sneak and put industrial-strength liniment in the players  athletic supporters  resulting in a painful and humiliating football practice.
The nerds  ingenuity impresses Jefferson.
Who officially makes them the Adams College chapter.
However  it does nothing to deter the Alpha Betas.
They continue to harass the nerds.
The new Tri-Lambs realize.
They need to win control by winning the annual Greek Games during homecoming.
They use their intelligence to compete well during the athletic portion of the event  ultimately finishing second.
They then use topless photos taken to easily win the charity sales and costume events.
Which Lewis seduces Stan s girlfriend Betty Childs.
The nerds  elaborate  computer-driven musical production wins the final event.
The Lambdas nominate Gilbert to succeed Stan.
The Alpha Betas are enraged  a fact made worse.
When Betty dumps Stan.
Their coach critizizes them  pushing them over the edge.
They vandalize the Tri-Lambs  house.
Gilbert attempts to denounce the act  but Stan and two other Alpha-Betas attack him.
The sadistic Coach Harris turns.
When he intervenes.
The assault is stopped.
When Jefferson and a group arrive on the scene.
Gilbert makes an inspiring speech.
It feels to be mistreated just.
Lewis invites.
Anyone who has ever felt stepped on  left out  picked on  put down to come and join them.
Betty  Judy  U.
N.
And many members   do so.
Whether nerds or not.
The Tri-Lambs get the Alpha Beta house.
Theirs is repaired.
The Alpha Betas must live.
The film ends.
Their victory  accompanied Are the Champions.
<EOS>
Struggling Tyneside barber Will Kobling is.
One evening  opportunistically and  he steals # 100 from a local factory.
Where a window has been accidentally left open.
He hopes.
The money will represent a new start.
His hopes are soon dashed.
When Kit confesses.
Most has to go on settling Kit s debt.
Pilleger banks the money  only.
To receive a visit.
He professes himself an innocent party  claiming not to know.
The ill-gotten cash came from.
The police have to let the matter drop.
Pilleger comes up.
Kobling is horrified to contemplate the extra financial burden being placed indefinitely  but sees no option but to consent.
Some time later.
Facing the loss through lack of ready cash  Kobling decides to call Pilleger s bluff.
An ideal opportunity presents itself.
When a huge fire breaks out  leading to chaos which distracts the police and the local population.
He confronts.
Pilleger and a fight breaks out  ending.
The police suspect and begin to use psychological tactics to break him down.
Kobling is involved.
He remains grimly silent and sends Kit and their baby to stay.
Unknown  his fight with Pilleger was witnessed by Lizzie Crane  a well-known local eccentric.
She begins to tattle.
What she saw.
The populace start to shun Kobling and bay  but the police do not believe.
Still do not think.
They can arrest him alone.
Kobling comes close.
They continue to put pressure.
He is finally pushed.
When he receives the dreadful news that Kit and the baby have been killed.
<EOS>
Checkpoint is shot.
Shamir himself is absent except for one scene.
Which a border guard asks him to try to make him look good.
Shamir asks.
He should do that.
The camera films people trying to cross.
There are hundreds of people crowded  waiting to get through.
There is just a truck blocking the road.
Palestinians trickle.
Interactions vary  ranging to mildly frustrating to maddening in their unfairness.
Sometimes people show their identification cards.
Much. 
What Shamir has chosen to include.
A school bus.
The viewer sees several times and passes.
It can not proceed.
A family is separated.
A border guard does not see the need.
A woman sends her crying children back home.
Their papers are not.
Hundreds ignore soldiers place and walk through to town  many carrying nothing but groceries.
An ambulance is stopped.
Each passenger is forced to explain.
What their need is.
A soldier calls Palestinians animals.
They wait.
Sometimes the soldiers are obviously playing around.
They are monitoring.
They are following arbitrary orders.
The situation is only worsened.
Rarely does either party speak the same language.
<EOS>
Sivaraman  an unemployed man  comes to find a job.
Unfortunately he loses all his certificates but happens to find Govindan Kutty.
Who also is a jobless man wandering.
They try to get visa but find themselves no way to gather such massive amount.
Circumstances lead Sivaraman and Govindan Kutty to participate.
Puts them as the robbery ends in vain when they hit Pothuval.
Alina secretly informs the police and says.
The entire plan was executed.
Thomas   successfully hides the money.
The place is kept secret.
Alina fakes to be to find the place.
Where the money is hidden.
Meanwhile  to find a safe cover Sivaraman and Govindan Kutty plan to impersonate Kunjunni  the grandson  Thampuran and his wife Sethu.
They have nt seen their grandchild.
Confusion leads Sivaraman and Govindankutty end up disguising to make up for Kunjunni in front of the blind couple.
Pothuval   makes several attempts to make the old man learn the truth.
Who knows Govindan Kutty before.
All fail knowingly or unknowingly much to the luck of the Sivaraman and Govindankutty.
They are interrupted.
Successfully carrying on.
Who disguises herself.
She calls by mocking them.
The relatives arrive.
Finding no-way pretends to have fainted unconscious.
He gets admitted.
Sivaraman comes and says.
He is Dr Gopalakrishnan  a friend.
Govindankutty tries to steal the Lord Krishna statue.
Which he plays a cruel trick.
Sivaraman engages.
When he tries to leave.
The old man accuses his relatives and asks all his relatives to leave immediately.
Sivaraman and Govindankutty gets desperate.
The date was nearing.
Radhika gives them the money and asks them to leave the house.
She also reveals and tells them.
She is Kunjunni s actual lover.
She had come to inform this.
Sivaraman and Govindankutty accept the money and leave the house.
They come to know.
The visa agency was a fake.
Having lost all their resources  Govindan Kutty plans to start some new business.
They have.
Sivaraman disagrees to take the money and asks Govindan Kutty not to take the money.
They had got.
Govindankutty leaves Sivaraman.
Sivaraman returns and confesses all his mistakes.
The old man asks them to continue the drama.
Who loves her grandson above all.
Sethu calls.
She gets no replies but finally gets hold.
Who has returned.
It is shown  Nambeeshan has gone back to his native place and has started farming  his ex-wife gets married to an younger man  Pothuval started an anti-alcohol society.
Thomas and Tyootty started a new hambug.
The plans were unknown.
<EOS>
Moosavi  a country schoolteacher  must undertake an arduous journey to fetch medicine.
His village s sick.
Accompanied  he travels through a blizzard and is pursued by a pack of hungry wolves.
<EOS>
The blind masseur Zatoichi is hired.
He thinks that war is inevitable.
Zatoichi has a distinguished reputation.
Sukejoro thinks.
He is money well spent.
Shigezo responds.
Ichi is a meek and humble man.
Who is commonly underestimated  and looked upon suspiciously.
His being a masseur   merely increases the hostility.
Was a position.
Is shown.
They even try to take advantage in a gambling den  but from early on it is clear.
Zatoichi draws strength.
The only person is Hirate.
Who respects him.
Who has a similar code.
They develop a kind.
Hirate and Ichi know they must fight when the war begins.
Hirate is eager to fight Zatoichi.
He is terminally ill.
Sukejoro decides to attack Shigezo.
Hirate becomes increasingly sick.
He also tells Ichi.
He is no longer needed.
However   Sukejoro informs Hirate is ill.
The war begins.
He intends to shoot Ichi.
Hirate drags himself.
The rifle is left behind.
Ichi learns  and also learns the reason.
Where Hirate was staying that Hirate will be fighting.
Zatoichi travels with the dying samurai.
Which Zatoichi prevails.
Who has become disillusioned  to continue as a solitary wanderer.
<EOS>
The preceding film   ends with the apes  future Earth and everything on it being destroyed by a nuclear weapon.
Escape begins by establishing and piloting it through the shock wave of Earth s destruction  sending the ship through a time warp.
Three apes -- Cornelius  Zira  and Dr Milo -- escaped the Earth s destruction.
The salvage  repair and launch all happen.
The apes arrive in 1973  splashing down on the Pacific coast.
They are transported  under the observation of two scientists  Stephanie Branton and Lewis Dixon.
The apes  power is revealed.
When Zira s impatience gets the better during an experiment.
Milo is killed by a gorilla.
Who becomes agitated amongst the three chimpanzees.
Meanwhile  a Presidential Commission has been formed.
To investigate the return and how the apes  which they already are aware are atypically intelligent  came to be aboard it.
The apes are brought.
Where they publicly reveal their ability to speak  and are welcomed.
Cornelius and Zira secretly tell Stephanie and Lewis.
They knew  how humans are treated in the ape dominated future  about the Earth s eventual destruction.
Stephanie and Lewis are shocked.
They handle it and tell Cornelius and Zira to keep this quiet.
They find the right people to talk.
The apes become celebrities  being lavished.
They come.
Who discovers Zira is pregnant.
Determined to force the issue  he gets her drunk.
The resulting interrogation enables him to convince the Commission.
Cornelius and Zira must be subjected.
Both are questioned using various means  during this time  one of Hasslein s assistants refers to the apes as monkeys  stirring Cornelius s anger.
Hasslein defuses it  saying.
They simply want to know how apes rose over men.
Cornelius reveals.
The human race will eventually meet its downfall and be dominated.
However  there are still suspicions.
Humans are treated rather than the Earth s destruction.
Suspicion had already been aroused letting slip  during the original hearing.
She had dissected humans.
Hasslein orders Lewis to administer a truth serum.
Cornelius is taken.
Lewis warns Zira.
The serum will have the same effect convinced her to drink earlier.
Hasslein learns for himself.
Zira examined and operated.
Zira is taken to join Cornelius.
Hasslein takes his findings.
S.
President.
An orderly bringing food refers  Cornelius has heard enough of the epithet and knocks the tray out of the orderly s hands  thinking  he is stunned later to overhear.
He has only knocked the orderly unconscious.
The boy died.
Hasslein uses it.
The president reluctantly orders.
The unborn child s birth be terminated and that both be sterilized.
Running  Cornelius and Zira find shelter in a circus run by Senor Armando.
Where an ape named Heloise has just had a baby.
There Zira gives birth.
Whom she names Milo.
Hasslein  knowing was imminent  orders a search.
Zira s giving birth.
Armando must send the apes away  Lewis gives Cornelius a pistol to use as a last resort.
Hasslein tracks the apes down  and finds Zira resting with her infant.
Hasslein shoots Zira  he is immediately shot by Cornelius  and falls overboard.
She refuses to hand and then proceeds to fire several shots into the infant.
He is shot by an unseen Marine Corps sniper and   falls to the deck of the ship.
Stephanie and Lewis watch.
Zira tosses her dead baby before crawling to lie with her husband.
The survivors are unaware  Cornelius  Zira  and Armando switched babies with the common ape Heloise before their escape.
Armando now watches.
The film ends sitting in a cage  plaintively speaking the words Mama.
<EOS>
Mike Locken and George Hansen are best friends and private contractors  Communications Integrity or ComTeg.
Handles covert assignments.
Locken and Hansen are helping an East European defector  Vorodny escape.
Locken and Hansen throw a wild party to relax.
The next day  they go to relieve other agents.
Who have been guarding Vorodny  the defector they previously helped escape.
Hansen  having been bought out  assassinates Vorodny  and then critically wounds Locken in the knee and elbow  telling Locken.
He s  just been retired.
Told  Locken undergoes a long period.
He ll be a cripple and that his career is apparently at an end.
When he is subsequently approached from his Com-Teg contact man  Cap Collis.
It requires him to protect an Asian client  Yuen Chung.
It also gives him the opportunity to seek revenge.
Who is part.
Locken  having become well versed  recruits a couple of former ComTeg associates  Mac  a wheelman and a former friend of Locken s and Miller  a weapons expert  to help him.
However  the deal turns out to be an elaborate set-up  part  Lawrence Weybourne.
Hansen gets the drop on Locken  but is shot and killed by Miller.
Locken rebukes Miller.
He felt cheated.
He later forgives him.
A final showdown takes place aboard a naval vessel on the Reserve Fleet in Suisun Bay  California with Locken and Mac involved in the fray and confronting Collis one last time.
<EOS>
Former shock jock turned.
Radio announcer Grant Mazzy drives.
An underdressed woman appears  startling him.
When poor visibility forces him to stop his car.
Grant calls out.
She disappears  ominously repeating his words and visibly disturbing him.
Grant eventually arrives.
Where he works.
Grant s on-air persona irritates Sydney.
They get a report about a possible riot at the office of Doctor Mendez.
He describes a scene.
Results. 
The group tries to confirm his report.
Ken is unexpectedly cut off.
Their witnesses are disconnected.
They can put them.
Ken calls back and reports.
He has found the infected son nearby  mumbling to himself.
The call is again cut off  this time.
Ken can hear what the son is saying.
The transmission is an instruction to remain indoors  not to use terms  phrases that conflict  or the English language.
Pontypool is declared to be.
Ken then manages to call back  this time close enough to hear the infected son s mumbling.
Is nothing.
Grant tries to leave the station  but a horde of people attack.
Grant  Sydney  and Laurel-Ann lock themselves.
Meanwhile  Laurel-Ann begins demonstrating erratic behavior.
She fixates  repeating it over and over  then imitates the sound of a boiling kettle.
Dr Mendez enters the studio.
Grant  Sydney  and Mendez lock themselves.
Mendez explains his theory  somehow a virus has found its way  infecting certain words.
Only certain words infect certain people.
The virus takes hold.
These infected words are said and understood.
Laurel-Ann repeatedly slams  chewing off her lower lip and splattering blood with each attack.
He explains.
Ken calls and   he also succumbs to the apparent virus  repeating the word sample.
Soon  Dr Mendez begins to repeat the word breathe but immediately begins speaking.
Stifles  but not eliminates.
Laurel-Ann opens her mouth and vomits a large amount of blood and gore before falling down  dead.
Mendez suspects.
This has happened since Laurel-Ann failed to pass the infection.
The horde then breaks  attacking the sound booth.
Sydney records a loop saying and plays it over the station s outdoor loudspeaker as a diversion to lead the mob away.
Sydney Briar is alive.
Mendez surmises.
It is only the English language that was affected.
Grant and Sydney  speaking  leave him alone in the booth.
They are nearly killed.
The mob returns  but Mendez successfully lures them away.
Feeling guilty  Sydney begins to succumb to the word kill.
Grant then attempts to disinfect Sydney.
The word kill now means kiss.
He urges her to repeat.
Kill is kiss over and over again.
Her symptoms subside.
She tells Grant to kill her -- he then proceeds to kiss her.
Armed on  the pair go on the air  spouting a series of non-contradicting and confusing phrases to help their infected listeners  ignoring warnings from the authorities.
To stop the virus.
Who are trying to get them.
Sydney joins Grant.
An amplified voice counts down from ten.
They kiss once again.
The screen goes dark and the credits roll.
The countdown finishes.
Audio vox pops and broadcasts play  reporting further outbreaks of the virus  suggesting.
The quarantine failed.
A BBC radio news anchor  speaking  begins to repeat his words.
The scene shifts to a radically different view  a stylized black-and-white version of Grant and Sydney in.
What looks.
The picture gradually shifts.
Grant describes his plan to get out.
<EOS>
It is explained - Dorami-chan to graduate from the Robot School.
It is time.
But a mysterious wind sucks Doraemon and the principal away.
Dorami escapes  and finds Doraemon s Good Friend Telepathy Card.
This is a device -- collectively known.
Doraemon uses to communicate.
<EOS>
A woman is thrown out by her jealous husband and sinks into depravity.
Twenty years later  she finds.
Herself accused for saving her son  who does not know who she is.
He finds himself defending her.
<EOS>
Three children are abandoned in a convent.
They are Polito Sol and his siblings  Adriana and Carmelo aguila.
They grow up to become the aguila o Sol trio.
Many years later  Don Hipolito  Polito s father becomes rich and decides to search.
He finds Polito and the Aguila siblings.
<EOS>
The LD upgrade edition includes a bonus disc featuring one hour.
The latter was made available After bonus disc available in the Japanese Mamoru Oshii Cinema Trilogy boxset.
This boxset was released without the extra  namely a 76 pages book and Dog Days After.
<EOS>
Laurel has the boyfriend.
He can and will do anything.
He is totally devoted.
The downside is.
He wo nt leave her alone.
He responds.
When she tries to get some distance.
It finally dawns.
He is not good.
Laurel s mother Jessica has already started to suspect.
Something is wrong.
<EOS>
Captain George Gort is a pilot.
He has been found to be after crashing his Phoenix 1 jetliner on takeoff from Ranjibad airport  killing his.
He is accused too early  increasing drag to such an extent.
The aircraft can not achieve flying speed.
Gort is reprimanded but is allowed to return.
Meanwhile  Gort s daughter Charlotte refuses to believe.
He is.
Gort s flying skills are again called.
When an approach is apparently made dangerously low  causing the aircraft to hit a hedge just before the runway threshold.
It is later discovered - this shows.
There was no hedge  and that the piece of hedge wrapped round the undercarriage leg had actually come from Ranjibad  where the aircraft had been taken off by Captain Clive Judd.
Gort is not the only pilot to have problems taking off.
Gort is later involved.
The crash is remarkably similar - both involve a fully loaded aircraft on a hot night  taking off under Captain Gort from the same runway at Ranjibad airport.
Dallas eventually discovers.
The aircraft s designer had deliberately withheld information.
A third crash is avoided.
When a crew are contacted by Air Traffic Control  and told to add eight knots to all unstick speed and keep the nosewheel on the ground until just before unstick speed is reached.
<EOS>
Adrian LeDuc is the owner.
Adrian is emotionally repressed  prone  devoted to old movies and to his mother.
Who resides  suffering from dementia.
Adrian visits her frequently  holding conversations.
Progresses become increasingly.
Adrian is a tenant  he lives in apartment.
The 1 is missing.
The core of his emotional life is movies -- specifically classic American movies and stars.
Apartment Zero opens.
Adrian advertises.
His theater  Cine York  loses more and more money.
He meets the handsome  charming  and macho American Jack Carney.
Adrian is clearly attracted.
Jack is clearly aware.
Jack agrees to take the room.
They quickly settle  with Adrian taking over laundry and cooking duties for Jack and Jack joining Adrian for films at his cinema.
They also begin emotionally.
Jack establishes relationships with several of the neighbors  a rather odd bunch.
Adrian  upset and jealous  lashes out  telling him.
The neighbors are nt to be trusted.
Jack continues to socialize with several of them  including becoming sexually involved with a female neighbor.
Claudia  the ticket seller  is involved with a political committee.
S investigating a series.
Adrian learns.
Jack has been lying and becomes paranoid that Jack is spying on him but at the same time terrified that Jack will leave him.
He searches Jack s room and finds a number in paramilitary garb.
Either take it off now or leave it.
When Jack returns  a highly agitated Adrian begs him.
That s a mask.
Jack calms him.
His own suspicions are aroused.
When he realizes that Adrian s been.
Adrian allows Claudia s committee to use his theatre to view footage of death squad members.
Adrian watches some and is horrified to see the same sign in the film.
Appeared he d found earlier.
Jack  realizing  falsifies Adrian s passport and prepares to leave Argentina.
Adrian is growing more suspicious.
The passport is expired.
He ca nt leave.
Jack picks up a gay man and goes to a hotel with him.
Where he murders him -- but then makes a hash of trying to paste his own photos into the dead man s passport.
Meanwhile  Adrian is devastated.
Claudia spots Jack.
He s identified and listed as dead  but was identified only by his papers and a ring.
Adrian gets drunk and creates a disturbance  concerning his neighbors.
The following morning a television report ironically leads the neighbors to think.
Adrian has done something.
That evening  the neighbors confront Adrian  forcing their way and physically attacking him.
Jack -- unsuccessful -- returns just then and soothes and tends to the badly injured Adrian.
Claudia comes and recognizes Jack.
Adrian attends his mother s funeral.
Adrian returns to find Claudia dead.
Jack tries to charm him  telling him let me clean up.
I ll put the mask back on  OK.
They run into one of the neighbors.
Jack says.
He s leaving.
Adrian suggests.
They dump the body.
Jack enthusiastically agrees.
Back Adrian changes his mind and goes for Jack s gun in the living room.
Jack comes out.
Adrian runs back.
Jack realizes.
What s happening.
They both go.
Jack gets the upper hand and begins strangling Adrian  but ca nt go through and lets him up.
Adrian again goes again.
Jack says Do it.
The gun pointed on the trigger.
The gun goes off.
Adrian is having dinner.
When a neighbor comes.
Adrian says.
He has nt heard and shuts the door.
He returns and pours two glasses of wine  one for himself and one for Jack s corpse.
He has kept and sat.
The final scene shows Adrian s cinema  -- apparently the lean days are over.
That s.
The cinema is now a porn theater.
And we see Adrian   leaving the building wearing a tee-shirt and Jack s black leather jacket  smoking a cigarette -- all just as Jack used to do.
Who has never gone out in public without a suit and tie.
<EOS>
Jesse James and his friends - brother Frank  brothers Cole and Jim Younger  plus Kit Dalton - arrive and are falsely accused of being members of Quantrill s Raiders.
They are about to be lynched but are saved.
The men are released.
They go on and join Quantrill.
Jesse at first admires Quantrill but comes to question his devotion.
He also falls.
The raiders take part.
Which Jesse and his men rob their first bank.
Most abandon Quantrill except for Jesse.
Quantrill is blinded then killed.
Jesse leaves Kate and heads off to a in bank robbing.
<EOS>
The interactive film first requests.
Viewers temporarily allow the application access  and then incorporates information gleaned from the viewer s Facebook page to fill in details of the film itself.
Showing ` The Facebook Stalker  and typing at a computer keyboard  images provided from the accessed Facebook account begin to appear as the stalker types at his keyboard  and appears to search for the specific Facebook user.
Who had granted access.
The Stalker becomes.
And more agitated as he scrolls  until he locates the home of the user  pulls up Google Maps  and finds directions to the user s home from geographic data contained in his or her profile.
The stalker is then seen driving in his car to the user s location  apparently to perform mayhem.
A screen appears with an image of a red lollipop containing a razor blade.
Below the image is the viewer s Facebook screenname and the name.
Gleaned. 
<EOS>
Karan is a rich  suave businessman.
But he can also be very possessive.
His temper can flare.
She is arrested and is remanded to judicial custody.
Karan involves Sarika.
Karan claims innocence and sends her a defense attorney to fight her case.
The attorney advises her to confess the crime  arguing.
There is no proof exonerating her.
The judge will give her a light sentence and might even set her free.
But  the judge sentences her without parole.
Sarika then realizes.
Karan is an associate and that he had her framed to keep police eyes away from him.
This realization is soon followed.
She beats up an abusive inmate Gomati.
An elder inmate Pramila   decides to help her.
Who has contacts.
She receives a complete change  she hacks off her long hair.
Sarika changes.
ACP Malti Vaidya sets out to find Sarika.
She escapes prison.
She first confronts Mathur  killing him.
She is angered to see Karan enjoying his life.
Karan becomes a suspect.
Karan soon learns.
Sarika has escaped but is not able to put two and two together.
Sarika learns.
Karan is working.
Karan gets trapped.
She kills the businessman s brother.
He was the last man to see the person alive.
Karan is shocked but chalks it to the work of rival gang.
He believes.
Somebody is their mole.
Meanwhile  Sarika pretends to run.
She pretends to have sympathy.
Seeing  Karan decides to play for some time.
She still has not seen.
Karan confronts a man.
Whom he suspects to be a traitor.
He believes.
Somebody else could have sneaked after Karan went out.
Karan kills him  too.
The man can say anything else.
Sarika watches amused.
Karan gets entangled.
She steals money.
Which Karan is again made a patsy.
However  Karan soon realizes the plot.
She shocks him.
He confronts and assaults her.
She has burnt the money.
Karan takes her and makes her confess at gunpoint.
But she feigns ignorance and claims.
Karan made her say so.
He breaks.
Karan is attacked.
Just then  the ACP enters the scene.
The ACP succeeds in killing Karan s boss.
The gang is either killed or apprehended.
Karan succeeds.
The ACP herself gets shot.
His success is short-lived  Sarika holds him and makes him drive to a secluded spot.
She chains him in a cavern infested with rats.
Sarika tells him.
Karan regains consciousness.
She used to be scared.
Karan is baffled.
She leaves him  with light from a flashlight pointing towards him.
Karan screams.
Nobody hears.
He is.
Soon the flashlight goes out.
Karan loses strength.
The rats attack and kill him brutally.
Later Sarika is shown giving the bag.
She had not burnt  to an injured ACP Vaidya.
She states.
She has exacted her revenge  hinting that the ACP knew.
The film ends.
She comes out.
<EOS>
Ralahamy  a member  dies leaving his family in debt after having squandered his fortune through extensive drinking and other vices.
To get back  Ralahamy s wife Tackla pushes her daughter Ranjani to get married to a wealthy older man Victor with a child through an earlier marriage.
Samson  Ranjani s boyfriend   is spurned.
Who had tried extensively to get the family back.
He then goes abroad to win a fortune.
He learns to Victor and tries to reach her through letter.
When Samson returns.
His letters are hidden however.
Rumours spread.
Samson is now a cripple.
Ultimately the truth is revealed.
Rukmani Devi  A high class girl.
Who is pushed and forced to reject her boyfriend.
Jemini Kantha  village woman  love interest of Manappuwa Rupa Devi as Tackla  Ranjani s mother Miriam Jayamanne as Hilda Eddie Jayamanne as Manappuwa  naive village simpleton  comic relief B.
A.
W.
Jayamanne  old wealthy man.
Samson  love interest  seeks to help her family achieve financial success but is spurned by the mother Peter Peries as Victor.
Ranjani is forced with Stanley Mallawarachchi as Hemapala D.
T.
Perera.
B.
Perera Suriya Rani as Aaya Sina Pishpani as Narsi Wida Soyza S.
S.
Ponnisena.
<EOS>
Suzie Austin has cancer.
Her most recent prognosis is unfavorable.
Fearing  husband Andrew Austin takes Suzie and their two children  Chris and Mary to celebrate the holiday.
This may be their last Christmas together.
There they meet Gus.
Andrew comes as the family deals with his wife s failing health.
<EOS>
The film is set during World War II at the time of the Blitz.
The leads are a couple.
Who use great ingenuity.
Hoping to put their proposal  they infiltrate her house in the guise of a servant and cook.
They achieve their aim.
Lady Randall is persuaded to sing an old music hall standard Waiting at an impromptu show located underground at Aldwych tube station  - used during wartime as an underground bomb shelter.
Lily Morris plays herself.
The title is Arthur Askey s famous.
Is elderly comic actor Moore Marriott.
Who plays Lady Randall s somewhat eccentric father and the somewhat ubiquitous ` Albert  who appears.
<EOS>
A plumber s niece and a refugee meet prior to World War II  and Una OConnor  Peter Lawford  Helen Walker  Reginald Gardiner  C.
Aubrey Smith  Reginald Owen  and Richard Haydn are around to take up what slack.
There is.
Cluny Brown is a free spirit.
Who lives.
She has been told  she has to learn her place.
There is much protocol and rules to follow.
She has a difficult time not being able to be herself.
She meets Adam Belinski who finds her spontaneity intoxicatingly refreshing.
A plumber s niece  she has a fascination.
Get her.
It is not lady.
Uncle decides to send her.
Things get even more fun.
<EOS>
Noi Kristmundsson is a 17-year-old living.
His father Kiddi  an alcoholic taxi driver  also lives.
Noi appears to have a distant relationship.
Is strikingly different.
An alopecia totalis his appearance.
Much is spent either wandering the desolate town  at the town bookstore  or in a hidden cellar at his grandmother s house.
Serves. 
The town is a sort.
When the roads are snowed over.
There are signs.
Noi is highly intelligent.
He is totally uninterested and seems to have an adversarial relationship with the faculty  particularly his math teacher.
More often he cuts class to go to the local gas station  and rigs it for an assured jackpot.
Where he frequently breaks.
The bleak town seem to offer few prospects.
Noi does nt seem to fit.
Things begin to change.
When he encounters the new gas station attendant  an attractive young woman who is new.
He asks to oskar the bookstore owner   up from the south to escape the city  and to stay away from her.
Who informs him that she is his daughter ris.
Noi instead begins a tentative romance.
One night they break  and are almost caught by a night watchman.
They hide.
Where they discover a light-up map.
Noi comments.
Iceland looks.
ris suggests.
They run away together.
Noi asks where.
ris suggests he press a button up.
This is.
When Noi begins to dream.
He receives a.
Comes. 
He is particularly transfixed  the total opposite of his immediate surroundings.
He is asked by the principal to meet with a specialist.
The specialist asks him a series.
How many times a day do you masturbate.
The specialist becomes embarrassed  states  and gives him an I.
He is the one asking the questions.
Q.
Test to complete.
Later  Noi uses a tape recorder to take his place.
Enrages the teacher.
The teacher goes  insisting and must be expelled immediately.
Ni is a disruptive influence.
The principal is hesitant.
He is forced to expel Ni.
The teacher gives the ultimatum that either Ni goes or he will resign.
Ni angrily leaves the school  knowing.
His father will be upset.
He tells him.
A small altercation results.
Afterwards his father takes him out.
Where he is kicked out.
He goes.
Where he is discovered.
Oskar tells him he s sent her back.
Which point ris comes down the stairs.
ris insists.
Noi stay the night.
His grandmother goes  to maybe give him some direction.
He give Noi a fortune reading.
Noi is working  and goes to see Gylfi on a lunch break.
Gylfi becomes visibly upset  informing Noi.
His future is filled.
Noi  thinking  calls him a moron and leaves.
Gylfi is teasing him.
Noi leaves his job  getting his grandmother s shotgun.
He attempts to rob a bank  but is thwarted.
When the bank teller does nt take him seriously and has the gun taken out by the bank manager  who angrily pushes him out on the street.
He comes back and withdraws all of the money in his account  using it to buy a nice suit.
He then steals a car  intending to run away.
She is confused and instead looks blankly at him.
He realizes  and leaves.
She is not coming.
His car becomes stuck.
He is quickly apprehended.
His father bails him out and takes him home.
They stop at the gas station.
Where ris is pumping gas.
The father comments.
She seems to have gained weight  a ploy he has taught to Noi to get women to sleep with you.
Noi shrinks down  embarrassed.
Noi arrives home and descends.
Suddenly  the earth shudders violently.
The light goes out.
Noi finds his lighter and tries to escape out  but is unable to open the overhead door  and lies down on the floor  watching his lighter.
The fuel runs out.
He is eventually awoken above him being ripped open.
He discovers.
There was an avalanche  which has destroyed the house and killed his grandmother and father.
He watches the news report and discovers.
Nearly everyone he knows has been killed.
Gylfi  his prophecy fulfilled  has also perished.
He later returns.
The movie ends.
It slowly becomes a vision.
<EOS>
They end up through reality.
When childhood friends Al  Dennis and Eliot get together.
Crazy weekend  they face adulthood.
Each other found maturity and discover.
What Queens Logic is all about.
This comedy takes a look.
<EOS>
Desperate husband John Barrett invades the home of Mark Driscoll and holds both Driscoll and his rich  neglected wife Sally hostage in order to understand the events.
Led ending up in a coma.
<EOS>
Paresh Chandra Dutt  a middle-class bank clerk  attends a charity match on a rainy day rather reluctantly.
He finds a small  round stone.
Where the match is apparently to be held.
Thinking  he gives it.
It is a marble.
The child discovers.
It turns metal.
Dutt buys the stone after witnessing the stone s power himself.
He decides to take a few old cannonballs  turn them into gold  and sell them.
This scheme makes him rich   the car pulls.
A chauffeur drives him.
He now has a young secretary named Priyatosh Henry Biswas.
Who   mentions that Dutt is invited to a cocktail party.
Dutt acts slightly unnatural before engaging in drunken revelry.
He turns an iron figurine.
When another guest orders him to get out.
It is not long  causing a panic.
This incident is posted.
Paresh Dutt flees.
The police arrive.
Soon  Mr and Mrs Dutt are taken.
The police discover.
The desperate Priyatosh has swallowed the stone.
Dr Nandi  a medical specialist  informs the inspector.
Priyatosh is digesting the stone.
They notice the golden objects turning back.
After Paresh and Giribala Dutt hear.
The Dutts happily rejoin their servant and Priyatosh.
<EOS>
A married woman is believed dead  but returns home with the Second World War at its height to find her husband remarried.
<EOS>
Parents do nt think.
A sex drive is a normal experience.
Sex ed is regarded as a communist plot.
<EOS>
Pierre Brossard  a French Nazi collaborator  orders seven Jews executed.
Some 40 years later  he is pursued  a hitman was vengeance for the Jews executed in.
Who is to kill Brossard and leave a printed ` Statement  on his body proclaiming the assassination.
Brossard sees Manenbaum  becomes concerned about possible trouble  and begins to run from him.
Brossard kills Manenbaum  then realizes.
He must now run.
Brossard hides Manenbaum s body and car.
His pursuer was travelling.
Brossard spends the rest.
Who have operated to shield him and provide him with funds for years  but now bring increased scrutiny to themselves for continuing to do so.
The murder attracts the interest of local police  and eventually the persistent Investigating Judge Anne-Marie Levi.
She becomes absorbed  and is not discouraged by the lack of assistance she encounters from official sectors.
She believes should be helping her.
Levy forms an alliance.
The pair initially suspect.
Manenbaum was part.
The pair dig deeply  and discover.
Brossard has been the subject  dating back more than 40 years  which have all failed.
How has Brossard been able to escape justice.
Meanwhile  doubts begin to arise over the theory  but it is clear.
Someone wants Brossard dead.
The elimination does not put an end to their efforts.
Brossard secretly pays a surprise visit to his estranged wife Nicole  a maid.
Who is living and is very apprehensive about seeing him again.
Brossard s allies.
Who has risen within the French government.
Brossard  desperate and unsure  seeks new identity papers and money.
The story approaches its climax.
Whom to trust.
He can escape France forever.
He knows far too much  and has relied upon this fact for years.
But Brossard is now living.
It becomes a question.
Whether he can avoid capture and flee France  but also of which pursuer will find him first.
<EOS>
The film opens  and introduces Henry Letham  a survivor of the crash  sitting  unharmed  next to a burning car on the bridge.
Psychiatrist Sam Foster and his girlfriend  art teacher Lila are then introduced.
Sam discusses his patient  Henry  a college student and aspiring artist.
Whom he describes as depressed and paranoid.
Henry mentions.
He sometimes hears voices  and seems able to predict future events.
Henry is also suspicious.
He had suddenly been called to stand.
Henry has told Sam.
Sam finds very troubling.
Lila   offers to help to dissuade Henry.
Who has survived a past suicide attempt.
Sam investigates Henry s circumstances.
He comes to her apartment to find her disoriented and lethargic  mumbling incoherent phrases  I know.
I did nt touch him.
You re not supposed to move them  occasionally belittling Sam to an implied unresolved tension between the two  and the fact that she s aware that he s dating an.
Henry   has his account contradicted  confused about Sam s identity and refuses to respond to his questions.
Who had earlier claimed to have killed.
When finds Henry s mother and her dog living.
Henry s mother insists.
It is completely empty.
When she opens the fridge.
Her head starts bleeding.
Her dog bites him.
When Sam attempts to help her.
Sam discusses the visit with a present police officer.
Having his dog-bitten arm treated.
Who is curious as.
Sam explains.
What happened.
The police officer tells him.
He had attended the funeral who lived there years ago.
This seems to send Sam.
Which the same scene and dialogue is repeated several times.
Later  Sam contacts a waitress named Athena.
Whom Henry has mentioned that he had fallen with.
She is an aspiring actress.
He meets her.
Where she is reading lines.
She agrees to take him.
He loses her.
She is there reading the same lines.
When he gets back.
When he first met her.
The search continues.
Henry plans to kill himself.
Sam finds a painting.
Henry had painted and bartered.
He learns.
The artist had killed himself  on his twenty-first birthday.
Henry s twenty-first birthday is Sunday.
Sam realizes.
Henry plans to commit suicide.
Sam finds Henry in a physical atmosphere.
Is increasingly unraveling.
Sam turns away.
Henry puts the gun and pulls the trigger.
The car crash is then reprised.
Henry was fatally wounded but  in his last moments  is suffering survivor guilt.
Each was in fact a random spectator at the site of the crash  including Sam  a doctor  and Lila  a nurse.
Who treat Henry.
The brief remarks are the same ones heard previously earlier in the film.
They make.
They fail to rescue Henry.
Henry dies  but not.
Lila accepts out.
The entire film up had existed only in his mind - in his last moments  However  there are clues.
The people surrounding Henry as he lay dying were actually drawn.
Janeane Garofalo s character is heard telling her name to the police  Elizabeth Levy.
Henry dies and is being loaded.
He would have no way.
Henry died.
To dream her true name.
Additionally   Sam appears to get a flash in his mind of the experiences between him and Lila  and asks Lila out for coffee.
Henry had constructed.
<EOS>
The filmmaker Rehad Desai takes us on an intimate journey mapped out by the scars etched into his family s life from having a father.
Who was intensely involved.
Barney Desai was a political hero  yet as a father he was damagingly absent emotionally.
Rehad spent most in exile and became politically active himself.
Rehad realizes.
He is following as he reviews his relationship with his own estranged teenage son.
<EOS>
American secretary Karen Williams travels with her employer  art appraiser Raymond Fountaine  to assess the valuable collection of Count Paolo Barbarelli at his villa overlooking the sea.
The count lives there  a young woman suffering from memory loss.
Whom he claims to have taken.
Karen falls with the count.
Cora wants her gone.
She later confides.
She is not Paolo s daughter.
He is slowly poisoning her so he ultimately can inherit her family s money  Cora says.
Karen is nt sure.
Whether to believe her story.
Cora is found dead.
The police believe it to be a suicide.
Evidence leads Karen to believe.
Paolo was indeed responsible.
It leads.
A vicious watchdog tries to protect his master  but instead knocks Paolo.
Where he drowns.
<EOS>
Alfalfa invites his sissified Cousin Wilbur to join the All 4 One Club.
The enterprising Wilbur immediately increases the membership.
Wilbur surprises everyone.
When the two tough guys try in on the club.
<EOS>
14 Hours is based.
When Tropical Storm Allison stalled  pouring nearly 30 inches of rain on the city within a 14-hour period.
The story begins.
The storm seems to be moving away.
Jeanette Makins  a nurse  arrives ready for.
What she expects to be a normal day.
But Tropical Storm Allison s rains return  quickly turning a normal day.
A brilliant young surgeon  Dr Foster  makes the decision to move the patients.
Floodwaters inundate the lower levels.
Whose premature baby is struggling  as well as.
Chief of Harris County Emergency Management  the hospital staff and volunteers race against the clock to get all patients to safety.
<EOS>
Fu Manchu attempts to conquer the world by acquiring the Sceptre of Genghis Khan.
Will unite the people under his rule.
The action heroics are provided by an original character  Allan Parker  a young American   Dr Flinders Petrie after his father is kidnapped and killed by Fu Manchu s dacoits.
Who has allied himself.
<EOS>
The Kid is an aspiring and talented  but troubled Minneapolis musician.
He meets a singer named Apollonia.
They become involved.
The plot centers.
His main antagonist is fellow musician Morris Day and his group The Time.
<EOS>
Valerie is a young woman.
Who lives  on the edge of a forest plagued by a werewolf  with her parents  Cesaire and Suzette  and older sister Lucie.
She is.
Her parents have arranged to marry Henry Lazar  son of the wealthy blacksmith Adrian Lazar.
Valerie and Peter plan to run away together  only to learn.
The Wolf has broken its truce not to prey and has murdered Lucie  who is revealed to have had a crush on Henry Lazar.
Suzette learns  telling Valerie.
She too did not love her husband  but learned to love him - that she had loved another.
Father August  the local preacher  calls the famous witch hunter Father Solomon to help them.
The townspeople decide to venture.
They divide  with one consisting of Peter  Henry and Adrian.
Peter separates before the Wolf attacks and murders Adrian.
However  it is cornered and killed.
Valerie finds Suzette mourning Adrian and figures.
He was her love.
She also realizes.
Lucie  being the older daughter  should ve been the first and should ve been engaged to Henry  but could not.
She was the illegitimate daughter  making her Henry s half sister.
The following day   Father Solomon arrives and reveals.
The people celebrate.
Had they killed the Wolf  it would have returned as it is a werewolf  but what they slew was a common grey wolf.
He also reveals.
They ve entered the Blood Moon Week  an event that happens every 13 years  in which whoever is bitten is cursed to become one as well.
Father Solomon s men  led  isolate Daggerhorn and begin to investigate its people in search of the wolf.
That night  the Wolf attacks and   Claude.
The townspeople rush in the village to search for Roxanne s autistic brother.
They are cornered.
Telepathically communicates and threatens to kill Roxanne and destroy the village if Valerie does nt leave with it.
The Wolf then escapes  vowing to return to learn Valerie s decision.
The following day  Claude is captured.
Having witnessed Claude performing a card trick earlier  Father Solomon claims and attempts to force the frightened Claude to reveal the Wolf s identity.
He s a student.
Father Solomon locks him up brazen bull.
When Claude is unable to do so.
Roxanne reveals.
Valerie is able to communicate in exchange for Claude s release.
He is already dead.
The Captain opens the elephant.
Believing Valerie to be a witch  Father Solomon has her captured and displayed to lure the Wolf out.
He can kill it.
Henry and Peter join forces and help Valerie to escape.
Peter is captured and thrown into the elephant.
Father Solomon orders Henry to be killed.
Father Auguste saves Henry and is then killed.
Henry takes Valerie.
They are attacked.
Who bites off Father Solomon s hand  which contains silver-coated fingernails.
The townspeople shield Valerie.
Who is once again forced to flee.
Valerie dreams  so she goes to check.
The Wolf is her Grandmother  who lives.
Father Solomon  having been cursed  is killed.
Valerie rushes to her Grandmother s cabin  but is confronted on the way by Peter.
Noticing  Valerie assumes and stabs him.
His hand is burned.
Peter is the Wolf.
Arriving  Valerie is horrified to find her dead  and learns.
The Wolf is her father  Cesaire.
He reveals.
The curse was passed by his own father.
He intended to leave the village but wanted to take his children.
He sent a note.
He could ask her to accept her gift.
However   he could nt communicate  and  realizing  murdered her in a fit of rage.
Confronting her.
She was not his daughter.
He then took revenge  and now wants Valerie to accept the curse.
Valerie refuses.
As Peter appears and confronts Cesaire  who bites Peter and tosses him aside.
Peter is able to throw an axe  distracting him.
Valerie stabs Cesaire.
Together  Valerie and Peter fill Cesaire s body.
He can never be found and dumps the body.
Peter departs.
Order to learn how to control his curse  vowing to return only when he s able to ensure Valerie s safety.
Valerie narrates  her mother finally accepts.
Henry found his courage and honor protecting the village.
Her husband will never come home.
The village continues to live.
Though the wolf never returned.
She then moves  leaving her old life behind.
Valerie is seen holding a baby.
When Peter arrives.
This is possibly his child.
The scene was cut.
The last scene shows Valerie.
She hears a slight growl  turns around and sees the wolf.
<EOS>
Oklahoma outlaw Belle Starr meets the Dalton gang.
When rescued.
So do gang member Mac and wealthy saloon owner Tom Bradfield.
Who s enlisted.
Dissension complicate the plot.
Belle demonstrates her prowess.
<EOS>
Angie Evans  her face bandaged  recounts the events.
Brought her here.
A nightclub singer  Angie becomes involved.
Whose career has yet to take off.
Her agent Mike Dawson helps get Ken and piano accompanist Steve Anderson.
A spot show singing cowboy songs.
Ken sings.
A ballad gives birth to their daughter.
The attention leads.
He gets.
Ken soon is a big success  gaining popularity and wealth.
Angie stays home  her career.
She begins to drink.
Ken counts to present a sophisticated image for his new high-society friends and contacts.
Her alcoholism worsens  so secretary Martha Gray comes.
It is nt long.
Angie is certain an affair has begun.
Steve tries to intervene.
He can see.
Martha has fallen with Ken.
Angie neglects the child  continues to drink  then creates a scene.
Ken asks.
A fire  shortly  results in Angie s suffering serious facial burns while saving the child.
She kidnaps their daughter.
There may be no hope.
Ken tries to stand.
Her life hits rock bottom.
<EOS>
The film tells the story.
Who preys.
He sexually assaults the victims.
Meanwhile Annie Marsh is a housewife living.
Where the killings are taking place.
Stephen is often away.
Annie soon notices.
He is away whenever the killer strikes.
To make matters worse  Annie was once institutionalized due.
Is she crazy.
<EOS>
A boy and a girl  high school teenagers  want to get away and be alone for a while.
They hide.
But there they fall  and get stuck in the cargo elevator.
There is no one around to hear them.
Nobody knows their whereabouts.
Tension arises.
They also have to deal that their entire universe is now reduced to a metal box smaller than a room.
<EOS>
Born  Subhas had dedicated much of his younger years by being actively involved in freedom movements in India  for ridding India of the British Imperialist rule.
He joined hands with stalwarts such as Nehru and Gandhiji  he expressed his frustration  especially with Gandhijis  slow and painstaking way of trying to win over the enemy with love.
He decided to leave the Congress Party.
The British became weary and placed him under arrest.
They let.
When he started a hunger strike unto death.
Him go but kept him.
Subhas eluded the police  with an alias  ` Mohammad Ziauddin.
He crossed the Indian border.
That he could enter Russia and form an Indian independence Army to oust the British.
His efforts failed.
He ended up with an office in Germany.
He managed to convince the Nazis.
He preferred India to remain colonized.
Nevertheless he was permitted.
This is.
The movement began.
He secretly married his Austrian secretary  Emilie Schenkl  and earned the ire.
Who wanted to keep their race pure Aryan or Caucasian.
His efforts to take his army through Russia and Afghanistan were in vain.
Adolf Hitler declared war.
Germany could be  in.
He traveled to southeast of Madagascar.
Where he was transferred to Imperial Japan.
This was the only civilian transfer.
Arriving  Bose took over.
Control was able to reorganize the fledgling army and organize massive support among the expatriate Indian population in south-east Asia  who lent their support by both enlisting in the Indian National Army  as well as financially in response to Bose s calls for sacrifice for the national cause.
INA started along the North-Eastern frontier of India.
INA captured Imphal and Kohima  running over the British forces there.
INA marched unopposed.
This initiated a popular revolt with grass-root support.
It increased its strength and defeated the British.
INA marched.
India became free.
WW2 ended with the defeat of Germany and Japan.
INA won the Indian Revolutionary War.
Netaji became the First Prime Minister.
Netaji became a sanyasi.
Nehru succeeded him.
<EOS>
Boog plans an annual guys trip to spend time.
However  Elliot has distanced himself.
He had started a family.
Boog is disappointed.
Everyone else wants to spend time which makes Boog go on a trip of his own  which leads him to a Russian traveling circus.
Boog meets Doug  a lazy  scruffy grizzly bear.
Who is tired.
He craves recognition.
Doug convinces Boog to switch his life at the circus.
Boog accepts the offer.
The whole thing turns out a scam.
All Doug wants to do was escape.
Meanwhile  Boog falls madly with Ursa  a female grizzly bear  juggle and dance.
Who was born and can effortlessly walk on a tightrope.
They obtain much more.
When the couple begin working together.
It might seem.
They  as well as the pets put aside their differences and hatch a rescue mission to save Boog.
When Boog s pals find out.
Boog s friends arrive.
They want Boog to return home.
He does not want to leave Ursa.
Suddenly  Doug arrives and apologizes for tricking him.
Elliot tells Boog.
Doug performs the circus acts.
He can stay if he wants to.
Boog does not want to leave Ursa or Elliot  so he convinces Ursa to go live.
Ursa enjoys life.
The guys finally go and sing Willie Nelson s On the Road Again.
Alistair and Doug are enjoying their tour around the world.
<EOS>
The story concerns a drifter named Gilles.
Who arrives.
He soon gets a lift.
Who sports a prosthetic hand.
She gives him a job at a large house owned by her and her two sisters  nymphomaniac redhead Nicole and wheelchair-using Yvette.
Nicole takes a strong interest.
After he sets up doing chores.
Claude voices her disgust.
Yvette is tended to.
A black-gloved killer is murdering blue-eyed women and gouging  dropping them into a jar of water.
These domestic events occur.
Due. 
Too long Gilles is painted.
The authorities pursue him.
<EOS>
Clifford Godfrey is a doll house designer.
Who is dumped a few hours before they are to depart for a vacation in Mexico.
Clare Enfield  a travel agent  informs Godfrey.
His tickets are.
Upset  Godfrey goes.
Where he meets Amanda Hughes  a drunk party girl  who agrees to travel along.
She continually flirts and then rejects Godfrey.
When Hughes sobers.
Godfrey meets up with Enfield again.
Who is photographing a travel brochure.
They begin a romance  only to have it disturbed.
<EOS>
Peter Marshall   is sent out to find a missing co-worker  Hector Smedley.
Who works.
He goes to see the last family.
The man was supposed.
The matriarch insists he pretend to be the boyfriend of jailed Bonnie Fleagle.
Order to gain the confidence.
Grandma Fleagle has hidden $ 70000 stolen  but refuses to divulge  she tells Pete.
Where to her unwanted relations.
She has been poisoned.
She teaches Pete a nonsensical song.
She dies.
The Fleagles are sure.
Grandma told Pete where the money is hidden and keep him captive.
Then  a woman claiming to be Bonnie shows up  also looking.
She reveals.
When she gets Pete.
She is actually Claire Matthews.
Her innocent father was maliciously implicated.
Pete wants to escape  now.
They are alone.
Claire insists.
She can exonerate her father.
She can retrieve the money.
The Fleagles try at dinner.
Pete accidentally discovers  only the dish is safe to eat.
All but one have been poisoned.
Johnson slips away  but is soon found glowing and dead.
The uneasy situation is further complicated.
When the real Bonnie Fleagle breaks out and comes for her money.
She makes.
Pete sing the song and understands the seemingly meaningless lyrics.
Pete gets away  and deciphers the clues hidden.
Which Claire finds a key.
Soon  all  including Mr Johnson  are chasing Pete and Claire through the various secret passageways of the house.
Fortunately  the plucky pair are able to drop each into a hay baling machine.
Which they emerge safely secured.
<EOS>
Marie  a woman  is distressed at her treatment by Roland  a criminal.
Who is a part.
She falls with him instantly  much to the chagrin of Roland.
When Marie is introduced.
Roland decides to confront Georges.
When Roland s jealousy builds.
Where a number members watch.
Had been thrown to initiate the fight.
Flees. 
When the police arrive.
Who seeks refuge away.
Georges decides.
It is best to flee town.
He is lured by a note.
She sends.
The two live an idyllic life.
Georges is brought word that a friend  Raymond  had been arrested.
Felix  the leader  has placed blame on Raymond in an attempt to bring Georges out of hiding and win control of Marie.
Not realizing this plan  Georges confesses.
He is the real killer.
He breaks free by Marie.
Being transported.
Georges immediately seeks to seek his revenge.
He kills him anyway  condemning himself.
When he finds him.
Georges is sentenced to die by the guillotine.
A broken Marie is forced to watch as he is executed.
<EOS>
A melodrama.
Who bears her employer s illegitimate daughter.
The daughter visits her father  unable to tell him she is his daughter.
<EOS>
Garfield is a fat cat.
Who lives.
Garfield passes his time.
Garfield maintains an unlikely friendship with a mouse  Louis.
He also interacts and occasionally manipulates his fellow neighborhood cats  including the dimwitted Nermal and Garfield s romantic interest  Arlene.
Meanwhile a local television host  Happy Chapman  known.
He is jealous of his brother Walter J.
Chapman a news reporter.
Wants to outwit him.
Jon has made a habit.
Jon tries to ask her out.
He is given custody of a stray dog  Odie.
Regardless  Jon and Liz begin dating.
Garfield is displeased.
Whom Jon grows fond.
Odie is brought.
Where Liz is a judge.
Garfield gets involved there with other animals.
Moves Odie.
His impromptu performance is a hit.
Happy Chapman  is impressed  and offers Jon a television deal for Odie.
Who also is a judge.
Jon declines leaving Happy to apparently be envious.
Jon puts him outside.
Garfield causes a mess.
Where Odie comes to comfort him.
Garfield reacts.
Odie runs away  and is picked up.
A distraught Jon works to search for him.
The neighborhood animals ridicule Garfield.
Meanwhile  Chapman and his assistant find.
A lost dog found poster Mrs Baker created   claim Odie as Happy s own.
Odie are going by train for a big performance on Good Day New York  Garfield  realizing his selfishness  vows to intervene.
Garfield leaves his house.
Garfield finds Odie captive in a room  Chapman enters and secures a shock collar to Odie.
Which  when activated  releases an electric discharge that forces him to perform tricks.
Chapman heads  with Garfield in pursuit.
However  an animal control officer snags Garfield.
He can reach Odie.
Meanwhile  Jon contacts Mrs Baker  and is told.
Odie s real owner had already retrieved him.
Garfield is sprung by Chapman s abandoned feline star  Persnikitty.
Who turns out to be actually named.
A.
Saying. 
The Texas Eagle is going.
San Antonio  Texas  Chapman boards the train  in the luggage car.
Garfield arrives only to see the train depart.
Seeing a child makes is similar  so he sneaks into the control room and attempts to stop Odie s train.
Garfield remembers that his train set.
The tracks get rearranged  leading.
Garfield hits an emergency control and causes Chapman s train to return.
Garfield frees Odie and they exit the train.
However Chapman notices.
Them walk out and gives chase.
Chapman corners the two  and threatens Odie  but is greeted by the pound animals  led by Sir Roland.
They swarm and attack Chapman  allowing to escape.
Chapman gets up to find.
The shock collar has been placed.
Jon and Liz arrive to reclaim the animals and find Chapman.
Jon punches Chapman  and leaves with Liz and the two animals.
Chapman is arrested.
Garfield regains the trust.
Back  Liz kisses Jon   love.
Garfield seems to have learned.
Not to envy others.
He then shoves Odie off his chair repeatedly.
The film closes Got You.
He does a split and ca nt get it back up.
<EOS>
The film focuses.
And its Macintosh line.
<EOS>
Govinda stars.
He finds a homeless and parentless young boy.
He takes the boy home and learns and attempts to nurture him and names him Raja.
He is deaf.
He tries to get information out but does not understand anything.
Raja s mother has been brutally murdered.
Sagar takes Raja out.
Raja sees the secretary and tries to tell Sagar.
He is the one who murdered his mother.
Slowly Sagar understands the tale.
He meets a girl Neelam and becomes friends.
She takes them.
Raja sees a picture.
Sagar wants to unfold the mystery.
He finds out.
Raja s mother has been murdered.
He gets arrested.
He is looking.
To prove his innocence the boy takes them.
Where there was a happy family.
They take a sniffer dog to find out clues.
The dog sniffs the floor.
The men dug it and found a piece.
His mother was wrapped and buried there.
This film is a remake.
Bappi Lahari plagiarised the original background music in this version.
It is including a song.
This movie presented Govinda.
Which Govinda got so many critical praises.
It was commercially successful movie.
<EOS>
The film is set.
When the British Raj.
It was a time.
When Indians were either working or rallying in underground meetings and protests against them.
Naren Singh falls in love with Rajeshwari Rajjo Pathak.
Their romance is shown developing.
Naren s father  Diwan Hari Singh  is a loyal British employee.
Rajjo s father Raghuvir Pathak is a revolutionary fighting.
Raghuvir gets expectedly livid.
When Naren asks Raghuvir.
Naren declares and thus convinces Raghuvir to her.
He is willing to sacrifice everything.
Raghuvir relents and tells Naren to talk.
Hari Singh is angry.
When Naren does so.
His son has chosen Rajjo  the daughter  but pretends that he will do anything for Naren s happiness.
Hari Singh then tricks Naren.
Soon  some police barge and try to kill him  only to find him waiting for him light a bomb  completely killing them all.
Rajjo   realizes.
Who was out.
What has happened and runs away.
She is taken by Shubhankar  and had learned about his death.
Who was a compatriot.
Rajjo too follows her father s path.
Meanwhile  Naren is completely angry.
Promising to make up and help her cause  he then pledges.
He will even go on to become a protester or revolutionary  even if it means going.
Naren breaks off his relationship from his father and proves his point by standing against British General Douglas in front of the city  leaving him to be sentenced to hang for attempted murder.
Realizing  Rajjo tells Shubhankar.
What Naren was trying to do.
Shubankar hangs General Douglas on the same noose.
Was intended.
The trio  along  are shown at the end to salute the Indian flag.
It is hoisted.
<EOS>
Chan Ka-Kui is assigned to follow leads of a nuclear smuggling case.
He follows a woman named Natasha   Ka-Kui calls for backup.
When he realizes that she had been hiding vital information.
She is later arrested.
However  Natasha s partner is an unknown man.
Who turns out to be Tsui  a Chinese American nuclear scientist  suspected of stealing a nuclear warhead.
Ka-Kui follows Tsui.
The CIA agents together with Ukrainian authorities engage in battle.
Ka-Kui finds a briefcase.
Contained evidence.
Ka-Kui loses the briefcase.
He is chased.
He falls.
He meets Colonel Gregor.
When he recovers.
Who explains the situation.
Ka-Kui goes and is taken to Moscow.
Where he discovers he has been assigned to work to solve a similar case involving nuclear weapons being smuggled out of Ukraine.
His task is to track Tsui.
Who disappeared.
He is taken to Brisbane  Australia.
Where Tsui s younger sister Annie Tsui works.
Uncle 7  the Tsuis  father and the local Triad boss  is seriously ill.
Ka-Kui suspects.
The criminal will show up soon.
Unknown  Tsui is hiding at the hospital and has given a nuclear warhead to Annie.
Who hides it.
Held up.
Ka-Kui gets.
Who claims to have a deal.
.
He has been used.
He is framed.
He attempts to clear his name  but he is unwelcome  having to fight bodyguards.
Tsui has to eventually rescue him.
Tsui explains  a CIA agent ostensibly turned serving Gregor s private criminal schemes.
Gregor caught him  and forced him to turn into a triple agent.
Annie  Ka-Kui and Tsui decide to work together to find Gregor and bring him.
Uncle 7 s elaborate Chinatown funeral becomes the scene.
Annie and Ka-Kui attempt to retrieve the stolen warhead.
Gregor and his men follow them  leading.
Gregor shoots the aquarium and shatters the glass.
Releases the killer shark.
Gregor escapes with the warhead and kidnaps Annie to a getaway boat.
Ka-Kui then saves the tourists.
Ka-Kui finds and drive a display car escape its landing.
Gregor escapes.
The car pins Gregor and allows Ka-Kui to successfully retrieve the warhead and saves Annie.
Gregor and Tsui are apprehended and turns over to Russian authorities.
The case is solved  Ka-Kui is thanked by the FSB and returns to his work in Hong Kong.
<EOS>
Viswa Naga Chaitanya is a dhadar chasing beggers.
Who attempts to buy and after he catches them and handovers to his brother.
Later his family members are introduced.
His older brother  and his.
Viswas meets Rhea.
Who is an only daughter.
He will accidentally get with a gang.
Viswas is trying to get attention.
Who does business.
He fights and frees some girls.
Who were kidnapped.
This gang is owned.
Who tries to find Viswas and end him up.
Then Rhea s dad sets up a proposal.
Rhea is not interested.
The gang s owner soon finds out.
Viswas s brother works.
He tries to chase him down but Viswas beats everybody up.
He soon realizes.
He has to save Rhea.
Rhea s fiance tries to kill her.
But Viswas saves Rhea.
The film ends.
The two are talking.
<EOS>
Mary McGuire is a working-class young girl.
Who lives and supports her mother and her shiftless father and uncle.
Two items catch her attention.
The first is a news item going into hiding over a scandal involving her relationship with the Duke de Sauterne.
The second is a classified ad.
Aims to be the snappiest roadhouse this side.
The Peach Tree s ad seeks a female hostess and dancer  A Good Future With A Past.
Mary applies.
To help cinch the deal  Mary tells.
Tree manager Larry McKean that she s really Gloria du Moine.
Larry asks her.
She s dressed so shabbily.
Mary replies.
Her servant absconded  leaving her to wear the servant s clothes.
Mary -- or rather  Gloria -- gets the job.
The Peach Tree Inn promotes its grand opening night  featuring Gloria du Moine.
Night is Jimmy Calhoun  scion of the millionaire contractor Michael Calhoun.
The young Calhoun meets Gloria and finds her enchanting.
He tells his father.
He d like to propose.
Michael Calhoun arranges a small  private dinner party.
The elder Calhoun hopes.
Gloria will make some sort that will discourage his son from seeking her hand in marriage.
Meanwhile  the Duke de Sauterne has arrived and noted the press announcements touting Gloria du Moine s performances at the Peach Tree Inn.
The duke sets out to see her.
His arrival coincides.
The duke is escorted.
He gives.
Indication that Gloria du Moine is an imposter.
The dinner party guests are still at the Peach Tree Inn  sleeping off the drinks.
They consumed.
Gloria/Mary wakes up and hurries upstairs.
The duke also wakes up and follows her.
Jimmy follows him.
Jimmy and the duke get.
The duke sends Jimmy tumbling down the staircase.
Mary runs outside  gets and heads for her family s tenement apartment in New York City.
The duke and Jimmy follow her.
The duke arrives first  follows Mary to the apartment and forces his way in.
He grabs Mary and tries to kiss her.
Jimmy arrives and engages the duke.
A detective arrives and apprehends the duke.
Jimmy s father arrives  notes Mary s humble surroundings and grants his blessing to marry her.
<EOS>
Mrs Marva Munson  an elderly  God-fearing widow meets Professor Goldthwaite Higginson Dorr.
Who expresses his interest and asks to use her basement for rehearsals of an early music ensemble he directs.
She accepts the terms and agrees.
The fellow musicians are actually a gang of criminals  named Lump  The General  Garth Pancake  and Gawain.
The group of criminals plan to dig a tunnel through the crumbling  dried earth and conclude.
Has piled up.
They will emerge.
Threaten to derail their plan.
Mrs Munson subsequently finds out.
What her tenant has done.
Outraged  she tells Dorr to return the money and go to church on Sunday or else.
She will call the police.
The gang decides to murder her.
All the criminals end up dying while trying to kill Mrs Munson.
Gawain is shot  Garth is strangled by The General  The General falls and breaks his neck  Lump accidentally shoots himself.
Dorr gets hanged after being hit with a statue head.
The police refuse to believe her story  and tell her to keep the money.
She found  which she gives.
<EOS>
An unnamed man  simply called.
The Man is trapped where anyone else can enter and leave  but which he himself apparently can not leave.
A stool is brought throughout the play.
The main character  is subjected  as a variety of people come through various hidden doors.
But   he can only leave  so he must find it to leave.
Many remind him.
He received.
Various contradictory information and his character is often mocked or made to appear foolish.
A priest gives him an orb but only makes a grinding noise  the man smashed it to find inexplicably it is made.
Is supposed to hold the meaning.
Eventually a gun is left.
The man attempts to shoot himself and ink squirts.
All the people enter and laugh.
He had encountered.
Enraged he tells them.
He s had enough and that no matter what happens he know real.
The man then leaves the room and is escorted.
Where he laments.
He accidentally cuts himself and is asked to taste his blood.
He does so and reveals.
His blood is strawberry jam the office fades away to reveal the man still trapped.
<EOS>
The film centers.
Who is running.
His son Brad is a wannabe Eminem  preferring to go.
Members of Mr Gluckman s political campaign become concerned  outlandish behavior will ruin his father s chances at being elected.
Brad s idiotic.
The campaign team members hire two actors   to act  kidnap him  and take him to South Central Los Angeles.
Who do nt know any more about inner-city life.
Where they hope Brad will be scared white.
Unfortunately  the plan backfires.
The actors  Sean and PJ  hired to guide him.
<EOS>
Francois is a bored office worker.
He visits a brothel.
Claiming to have won the lottery and millions  he propositions Daniela  one of the prostitutes to live with him for the sum of 100000 euros a month.
His money runs out.
She accepts.
Francois  first doctor  Andre  is worried.
Daniela s volcanic sexuality will cause Francois  heart to give out.
The next day she takes Francois.
He loves that fresh air.
They both starts running wide out and cheering in joy.
Then they both involve.
That night Andre inquires them and finds their sexual activity that evening.
Then Andre gives a moving speech.
He has.
Who later became his patient.
Later  he suffers a stroke and dies.
When Daniela suffers food poisoning and Andre is summoned to treat her  when she undresses.
Francois learns.
Andre s nurse/patient/girlfriend had died some years before.
The arrangement seems to work for a little while until Daniela s former lover  Charly demands money to allow the relationship to continue.
Francois refuses.
Daniela resumes being.
She realizes  started an affair.
Daniela is having sex.
She has really fallen with Francois who has meanwhile.
The film concludes.
Begins. 
It continues  till the last ten minutes.
The film has started somewhat.
Wherein a comedic party starts.
Daniela entices a friend and moves him away to sex.
Seeing that  everyone comments her.
Francois is unmoved.
Then the film ends.
A new life starts.
<EOS>
The film opens.
The IRA demands the release  threatening to execute Jody in three days.
Their demands are not met.
They develop a bond - much.
The amiable Fergus guards Jody.
Jody tells Fergus the story about the Scorpion and the Frog.
Jody persuades Fergus to make sure.
His girlfriend  Dil  will be all right after Jody has been killed.
The deadline set passes.
Jody is to be executed.
Fergus takes Jody to carry out the sentence.
However  Jody knows.
Fergus is no murderer  and makes a break for it.
Sure enough  Fergus can not bring himself to shoot the fleeing Jody.
Jody is instead accidentally run over and killed the IRA safehouse.
They suddenly move.
Fergus hides in London.
His IRA companions seemingly dead.
Where he takes a job  using the alias Jimmy.
Fergus meets Jody s attractive girlfriend Dil.
Later they talk.
Where the next evening he sees her singing The Crying Game.
Fergus still suffers and sees him in his dreams bowling a cricket ball to him.
He continues to pursue Dil  protecting her and gradually falling in love with her.
Later   he discovers.
When he is about to make love in her apartment.
She is in fact a pre-op transwoman.
His initial reaction is.
Rushing  he accidentally hits Dil in the face  leaving her with a nosebleed.
He then leaves the apartment.
A few days later  Fergus leaves Dil a note.
The two make up.
Dil is still attracted to him.
Jude unexpectedly reappears in Fergus  apartment.
She tells him.
The IRA has tried and convicted him.
She forces him to agree to help to aid in assassinating a well-known official.
She also off-handedly mentions.
She knows  warning him that the IRA will kill him if Fergus does not.
Fergus  however  can not overcome his feelings  and continues wooing her.
Fergus shields her by giving her a haircut and male clothes  as a disguise.
The night  Dil gets heavily drunk.
The IRA mission is to be carried out.
Fergus has to escort her.
Where Dil asks.
Fergus complies  then admits to Dil.
He had an indirect hand.
Dil  drunk  appears not to have understood.
Dil ties him to the bed.
Fergus wakes up.
Dil unwittingly prevents Fergus.
Holding Fergus forces him to tell Dil.
He loves her and will never leave her.
Dil unties him  saying.
Even if he is lying  it is still nice to hear his words.
Dil then breaks down.
A vengeful Jude then enters their room  seeking to kill Fergus for missing the assassination.
Dil takes several shots  hitting her.
Stating that she is aware that Jude was complicit and that Jude used her sexuality to trick him.
Dil finally kills Jude.
Dil then points the gun  but lowers her hand  saying.
She can not kill him  because Jody will not allow her.
Fergus prevents Dil  and tells her to hide out in the club for a while.
He wipes Dil s fingerprints and allows himself to be arrested in place of Dil.
When Dil is gone.
The epilogue takes place a few months later - Fergus   is visited by Dil.
Dil.
He gets out.
He took the fall in the first place.
Fergus responds   it s.
A man once said.
He then tells her the story.
<EOS>
An undercover agent  Tony Leous was hired to find some drug dealers.
The same agent has a personal score to settle as well.
Whoever killed his wife.
<EOS>
The Police Commissioner  Advocate Sinha and Police Inspector Vikram Singh arrive to speak with an inmate  Arun Saxena.
They hope to get Vikram to befriend Arun.
That they could unravel the mystery as.
Arun is arrested  confesses and is sentenced to be hanged.
This news unsettles.
Arun extend that he becomes mentally unstable and is institutionalized.
<EOS>
Ibrahim is a 27-year old Muslim born.
He lives.
He is integrated.
That s.
He prefers to be called Bram  a frequently used Belgian boys name.
The family still sticks.
His father was born in Belgium.
Furkan  Bram s brother  frequently skips class.
Last one blackmails his brother.
When Bram confronts Kevin.
Bram frequently visits the gay nightlife.
Furkan will also hold his tongue.
Bram does not inform their parents.
There are also rumours.
Bram s father refutes the gossips.
His son is going to visit Turkey to meet his niece Elif.
Both parents have planned an arranged marriage.
Bram met Kevin  a 19 year old Belgian boy.
Who helps his mother.
Kevin s mother is almost sure.
Her son is gay.
She is also convinced.
Bram got the hots as he visits the bistro quite often and ca nt keep his eyes of Bram.
That s  but Kevin does not wave the flag.
She sent both boys.
Both only become.
It turns out.
When Bram is about to leave.
He also bought tickets who will join him.
Kevin does nt hide his feelings anymore.
The two start a secret love affair.
This is however noticed.
Last one is also with Elif  but is rejected.
Elif knows she s going to move.
The hotel clerk is jealous and takes photos.
When Bram and Kevin are making love.
Bram meets Elif and all paperwork to get her a Belgian visa are prepared.
The hotel clerk gives the photos.
She decides to go.
She is shocked.
She only hopes.
Bram and Kevin fly back to Belgium.
Bram thinks.
Elif should stay as women are more emancipated there as the Turkish women in Belgium.
Furkan became member of an Islamic fundamental religious group.
They want to introduce Sharia and want shopkeepers only to sell halal.
Furthermore  they make and try to convince the Muslim inhabitants.
The police is.
Furkan s father is upset.
Some members had connections with Taliban and Osama Bin Laden.
The rejected hotel clerk sends the photos.
Bram admits.
He is gay and.
He is not willing to have a marriage.
Which both will be unlucky.
Bram is abandoned by his family.
But the word is spreading.
Soon the whole family is being neglected.
Furkan wants his family to be honoured again.
He dreams.
Which he massacres Kevin.
His action is approved.
Furkan is stabbed by a youth gang.
He once beaten up one.
Furkan s life can be saved.
Bram is reunited and leaves Kevin behind.
Is family.
<EOS>
Early one morning  Martha flees.
Is led.
She is briefly pursued to a nearby diner.
He encourages Martha to return.
She refuses.
Martha phones her sister Lucy  eventually asking for her help.
Lucy picks her up and takes Martha to her lake house in Connecticut.
She shares.
Martha only tells Lucy.
She had been living  leaving out all mention of the cult.
Martha asks Lucy.
Sunbathing. 
Far they currently are.
Martha removes all her clothing to swim in the nude.
Lucy scolds her.
Martha continues to exhibit unusual behavior  with little regard for the norms of society.
Martha is seen meeting Patrick for the first time.
Patrick declares.
She looks.
It is explained.
The group is working.
Patrick begins to take a strong interest.
Patrick rapes her.
Afterward another woman assures her.
She was lucky to have Patrick.
Later  he sings Jackson C.
Frank s song Marcy s Song  and now addresses Martha as Marcy May.
The cult members are shown swimming naked together.
Martha walks into Lucy and Ted s room and gets into bed with them.
They are having sex.
A horrified Lucy explains.
This is nt normal behavior.
Ted is furious.
Martha continues to struggle to her old life  preferring to sleep on the floor rather than in a bed.
Lucy  understanding  blames herself.
Martha has been.
Martha insists.
She has become a teacher and a leader.
Ted asks Martha.
What she plans to do.
Martha tells him.
She does nt need money and possessions.
Martha anonymously calls the farm but hangs up the phone.
Her identity is guessed.
Martha introduces a new girl  Sarah  to life on the farm.
She explains.
They all help out.
Martha replies.
When Sarah comments that all the infants are boys.
He only has boys.
Martha later prepares Sarah.
Martha experienced.
The preparation includes drinking a drugged drink.
Patrick asks her to kill a cat to prove.
Teaching Martha to shoot.
She is a teacher and a leader.
She refuses.
He then asks her to shoot another cult member  she refuses to do this as well.
One night  Martha  Watts  and Zoe break and steal valuables.
Several cult members have sex in one room.
Patrick watches.
Martha becomes increasingly paranoid.
The cult is watching her  suspicious whenever the phone rings.
A black truck identical appears one night by the lake house.
Martha assumes and smashes the window.
It is their truck.
Lucy hosts.
A party and Martha believes she recognizes the bartender.
She becomes hysterical  telling Lucy.
The man is lying and that everybody has to leave.
Ted and Lucy take Martha.
Where they comfort and restrain her as she has an anxiety attack.
Lucy continues to struggle to understand.
What has happened.
Ted suggests they seek help  telling Lucy.
She needs to be moved.
Martha  Watts  and Zoe break into another house but are found by the owner.
They go to leave.
Patrick appears and confronts the owner  questioning.
Whether he will call the police.
The man orders the group out and promises not to call the police.
An elder member stabs him in the back.
They quickly leave  clearly in shock.
Martha is later shown answering the phone  using the name Marlene Lewis -- a name.
All the women use.
Martha struggles.
Patrick demands.
She pull herself together because she is his favorite.
He tries to convince her.
Death is actually a good thing.
Martha attacks Ted in her confusion.
This leads Lucy to confront Martha  making it clear and informing her.
She must leave.
They will pay.
The next morning  Martha goes swimming and sees a man watching her from the opposite shore.
It is not clear.
Whether the man is actually there or is a hallucination.
Ted and Lucy then drive Martha.
When the same man runs in front of Ted s car.
He gets and begins to follow them.
Martha nervously looks back.
They drive on.
The film ends ambiguously.
<EOS>
A series around Washington  D.
C.
Reunites two estranged brothers.
Who are the sons.
One suspects  they discover.
Their father is.
All are dead - victims of freak weather accidents.
Soon their suspicions.
Are confirmed to relay the message that unless a certain Senator who canceled his United States Department of Defense contracts is handed over  the city of Washington D.
C will suffer the consequences.
He lets loose a variety.
The brothers race to form a plan that can defeat their father.
<EOS>
Chantal Stacy is a young woman.
An important element is her background   her father  John Stacy  is a strictly conservative and straight-edged businessman from Boston.
Her mother  Germaine Stacy  is a flamboyant  fun-loving dancer.
- - Chantal is born.
Chantal calls it  a souffle-and-beans romance.
She is a mix.
It is revealed  a loud Boston foghorn is heard.
Many have been cut short on account of her Boston background.
She can interact intimately.
She is still single.
Chantal is constantly engaged on account of her exotic beauty.
All would readily marry her.
John Stacy is eternally worried  the fact arouses many fears in him  and causes him to be suspicious of any of her interactions with young men.
She remains unmarried.
Therefore   her father is outraged.
The family moves and when Chantal is employed as a model by a photographer named Eugene Wright on Fifth Avenue.
Eventually  however  Chantal s mother  a veteran  convinces her husband.
Too much involvement might result in catastrophe.
Thus  Chantal   is able to marry Eugene  after a series of playful interactions  Eugene is practically forced to propose  beginning the hilarious story of their marriage.
Early  Chantal is reunited with one of her college friends.
Whose name is Tina  played.
Having obviously come  Tina immediately gains the attention of Chantal s husband while in her apartment.
Impressed  Eugene requests.
She work as a model in his photography studio.
Their relationship   bears blatant and teasingly romantic overtones  causing a good deal for Chantal.
Newly established.
Fortunately  her mother is able to offer a solution  she suggests.
Chantal adapt the strategies  giving her daughter a detailed training booklet for canines.
Her desperation ultimately leads her to accept the book and follow her mother s advice.
Chantal is shocked and incredulous.
The book works  after having used it for several weeks  Eugene seems to have suddenly transformed into the ideal husband  obeying her every wish and providing her with complete romantic satisfaction.
Chantal undergoes the revelation.
When discussing the change.
The training has actually been intended.
She realizes.
Her change has led to a happy and enjoyable marriage  and is truly impressed by her mother s unique sense of wisdom.
However  Chantal soon encounters trouble  Tina makes an unexpected visit and reveals to Chantal.
She is tragically lonely and madly envious.
Tina pleads.
Chantal reveal her methods.
Tina eventually extracts the dog-training secrets.
Chantal is reluctant.
It may seem strange.
Tina takes advantage  through a series of pestering jokes  she reveals Chantal s secret to Eugene  much to the chagrin of Chantal.
When Eugene returns home.
Eugene is furious.
Humiliated and enraged  he once again begins neglecting his wife  beginning a difficult spot.
Not surprisingly  however  Chantal s mother is able to provide a solution.
She explains.
The best way to regain her husband s attention is.
Having used this tactic through an imaginary man named Robert Swan  Chantal s mother assures her.
The idea  though questionable  is guaranteed to work.
Chantal asks her father.
Who confirms that ` Robert Swan  had driven him mad.
Therefore  Chantal and her mother conspire  Chantal is aided by her mother in simulating the presence of a lover  once again using the name of Robert Swan.
Eugene is entirely suspicious and indignant.
Eventually  he confronts Chantal  playing perfectly into the plan.
However   Eugene refuses to believe her.
When Chantal explains the truth  just as she had intended to do.
Eugene prolongs the situation.
The conflict was meant to be ended as soon as he learned the truth.
Chantal is outraged  Eugene suddenly receives a phone call and invites him to dinner to discuss the issue.
Eugene continues to prolong the issue  and soon finds it raging out.
Dumbfounded  Chantal begins to prepare dinner.
Much  played by Cesar Romero  shows up at the apartment  recognizing Chantal  despite the fact.
She has never seen the man.
Eugene and Robert Swan have very friendly interactions  seeming strangely congenial with one another despite the conflict occurring between them.
Chantal is overwhelmed  she phones her parents and orders them to come over.
They eventually meet Robert Swan  both.
They believe that she is hallucinating.
Mr Swan seems to remember Germaine Stacy very fondly.
Yet she is just as confused.
John Stacy   storms out of the apartment in surprise.
Mrs Stacy  however  joins Chantal.
Where Mr Swan s possessions are lying about.
Chantal discovers.
Examining Robert Swan s items.
Robert Swan is   Adam Wright  Eugene s father.
Amused  Germaine goes to tell her husband the reality of the situation.
To find that John Stacy had orchestrated the entire affair.
Chantal is more focused.
She laughingly accepts defeat.
Fully aware  she angrily insults her husband and leaves the apartment with all her things as if to move away.
Later  however  Eugene sends Chantal a letter  requesting her presence.
Chantal arrives to find.
It has been covered.
Eugene jokingly emerges and summons her to his side.
Their conflict seemingly ended  Chantal and Eugene share a kiss  knowing  they are able to continue their happily married lives together.
They love one another  and that a baby is into the family.
Germaine Stacy says.
Say please me  care  fulfill me  you will be disappointed.
It is.
What YOU bring to love that matters.
<EOS>
Anna Coleman is an average teenage rebel.
Whose constant victims are her stodgy mother Tess and annoying younger brother Harry.
Sources include a rock band   and Tess s upcoming wedding to her boyfriend Ryan.
Anna is.
Tess hates.
Anna is emotionally not ready to her father s death three years ago.
Also contributing is her archrival  Stacey Hinkhouse.
Who never seems to stop torturing her and has convinced Tess that she and Anna are still best friends  and her English teacher  Mr Elton Bates  who gives her an F  no matter how hard she tries.
Anna and Tess quickly start fighting again  Anna wishes to participate  however the show is the same night as Tess s wedding rehearsal.
When the entire family eat out.
Hearing the argument  Pei-Pei s mother meddles in.
There is a short earthquake.
Only they can feel.
The next day   Tess wakes up and somehow discovers.
She and Anna have swapped.
Confused and unable to work out.
To swap back.
What happened.
Tess must go to work  the two are forced.
Tess confronts Anna s teacher  humiliating him and warning him to stop his abusive treatment of her.
He ll be reported.
Anna gives Tess s body a makeover  including new clothes  a new haircut  and an ear piercing.
Then  the two go again and speak to Pei-Pei  the daughter of the woman.
Gave them the fortune cookies.
Furious s meddling.
Unable to directly help them  Pei-Pei advises them to read the fortunes.
When the fortunes come true  they will swap back.
Anna attends Harry s parent-teacher conference.
Where she reads a composition he wrote.
Stacey writes a note and places it  but then makes.
When Tess takes Anna s test.
It look like she was cheating  landing her.
Tess is able to finish.
Anna had a crush.
She also gets revenge by erasing all of the answers and writing.
She had.
I M STUPID.
Meanwhile  Ryan surprises Anna show to discuss her new psychology book.
She is unable to discuss the meaning.
She has not read.
Who sees the interview  in the process while in the school s teacher s lounge.
Afterwards  Anna sees Jake and bonds with him over similar musical interests.
Jake then begins to fall.
When he notices all the characteristics he likes.
That evening  Tess and Anna   read the fortunes  stating.
What you see is what you lack  then selfless love will change you back  but leaves them overly confused.
Anna s bandmates come to try to convince Tess to go  but ultimately decides to use force.
However  the bandmates are caught.
Ryan surprises Tess and Anna.
When he gives her permission to go.
He also tells Anna.
He wanted her to accept him and that he wants Anna to go watch Tess.
Seeing Ryan  Anna leaves to watch her band perform.
Tess is unable to play the guitar solo.
Anna unplugs it and plays another guitar backstage while Tess mimes along.
The band does a great job.
Tess realizes.
Much fun Anna has playing.
Back  Tess asks Anna to have Ryan postpone the wedding.
That Anna will not have to go.
Instead  Anna proposes a toast.
Where she finally accepts Ryan.
There is a second earthquake.
The whole crowd feels  switch back into their own bodies.
Tess and Ryan marry and Anna and Jake meet and.
Dancing they share a kiss.
Anna shares a song named Ultimate.
Harry and Grandpa have an argument and Pei-Pei attacks and wrestles her mother.
She attempts to give the pair the fortune cookies  preventing another terrible.
<EOS>
Mahesh and Veena is a happily engaged couple.
Who was living when Mahesh was working for an Amusement park.
One day his childhood friend Vijay Krishan comes and visits them.
Who was a poet.
Vijay is depressed Neena died by cancer.
Veena was having a strong resemblance.
Also  Neena had made.
Vijay promise that he will marry another girl if she passes away.
Vijay becomes obsessed.
Mahesh comes to know but does nt reveal this to Veena.
Mahesh takes Vijay and ask him to change his mind and go back home.
Vijay tries to kill Mahesh.
He slips and dies falling.
Vijay did not try to save him.
Though he could.
But Mahesh s automatic camera captures pictures.
Later Veena happens to see this and understands.
What happened.
She first acts and asks him to take her.
She is ready to share her life now.
Where Mahesh died as it was Mahesh  long cherished dream to take photos.
She suicides as a revenge.
<EOS>
The FBI intervenes and Saint is killed.
When Bobby Saint and Mickey Duka meet.
Duka is jailed.
Krieg  supposedly killed  is actually undercover FBI agent and former U.
S.
Army Delta Force operator Frank Castle.
Shortly thereafter  he retires and attends a family reunion at his father s oceanside home in Aguadilla Bay  Puerto Rico.
Tampa crime boss Howard Saint is enraged.
Quentin Glass bribes the FBI for confidential information about Krieg.
Saint orders Castle murdered.
He finds out that Krieg is really Castle.
Saint s wife  Livia  demands.
Castle s entire family be killed as well to settle the score.
Gunmen including Glass and John Saint  Bobby s identical twin  kill most of the extended family.
Castle and his father kill several.
Castle s father is killed.
Castle s wife and son try to escape.
Saint runs with a truck  killing them.
Castle  shot and blown off a pier in an explosion set by Glass  survives and is nursed back to health by a local fisherman  Candelaria.
Castle travels and takes refuge in an old tenement.
Recovered. 
Where three young outcasts -- Dave  Bumpo and Joan -- live.
Castle abducts Mickey Duka   given.
Who fearfully gives up information  but soon willingly becomes Castle s mole.
He despises the Saints as much as Castle does.
Castle starts exacting revenge.
Who have been bribed to close the investigation.
He sabotages Saint s money-laundering business and severs Saint s partnership with Cuban mobsters the Toro Brothers  and starts tailing Livia and Glass.
Whom he learns is a closeted homosexual.
Saint  realizing  sends two assassins to kill him.
Castle is alive.
Castle kills the first  guitar player Harry Heck.
The second is the Russian  a behemoth.
Who beats Castle but is defeated when Castle throws boiling oil in his face  blinding him long enough for Castle to throw him down a staircase  breaking his neck.
Moments later  Saint s men arrive  led.
Dave  Joan and Bumpo hide Frank and refuse to tell Glass.
Where he is  pulling out Dave s multiple facial piercings with a pair of pliers.
They leave a man behind to kill Castle.
Castle kills him.
Glass and the others are gone.
Dave is taken.
Castle makes preparations to finish the fight  despite Joan s attempts to persuade Castle.
To. 
Castle manipulates Saint into believing.
Glass and Livia are having an affair.
Saint  unaware Glass is gay  and believing Livia to be capable  kills each of them personally  neither of them knowing why.
Saint provides each of his henchmen with $ 50000  and offers $ 50000 more to.
Whoever manages to find and kill Castle.
Castle  however  attacks Saint s headquarters  the downtown Tampa nightclub Saints and Sinners  killing many.
He also kills John Saint.
Who is trapped.
Castle wounds Howard Saint.
When Saint attempts to shoot him.
Castle then ties Saint.
Glass and Livia were not having an affair.
Several hidden bombs go off  killing Saint.
Later that night  Castle returns and prepares.
To commit suicide  but after a brief vision  decides to continue his vigilante mission against others who in his mind deserve punishment.
He leaves most of Saint s money for Bumpo  Joan and Dave.
He vows  Those will come to know me well.
Who do evil.
Frank Castle is dead.
Call me  the Punisher.
<EOS>
A young woman named.
Yishu believes she has no luck.
She blames her name.
One day she starts receiving phone calls.
She is the popular singer Tianyou.
It turns out.
Someone has leaked 600 phone numbers to the internet.
Yishu s phone number got mixed up.
She soon receives a text message.
Yishu finds it annoying.
Who is the singer.
He wishes to write a song and wants Yishu - is Tianyou s assistant - to deliver the song to Tianyou.
Who he thinks.
Tianyou is a popular singer  but has nt had a hit number lately.
Her cruel agent cares only her into recording an album.
She wants to sing.
She does not want to record because it does nt contain any good songs.
This decision gets her.
She is attacked  furthering her personal depression.
Yishu is distracted.
Yishu hears more through their phone calls and text messages.
She attributes.
However  Xiaowen conceals the fact.
He is dying.
Meanwhile  Tianyou has lost interest  since none of the songs she has been forced to record mean anything to her.
She contemplates suicide  a path will.
Her agent secretly delights in because it will mean her unreleased record.
Tianyou is about to commit suicide.
Tianyou is inspired to continue.
Her career is revitalized   she dedicates the song.
Thanks him.
Tianyou sends Yishu tickets  for one each for Yishu and Xiaowen.
Yishu invites Xiaowen  hoping to finally meet him.
However   she finds Xiaowen s bandmates and learns from them.
Xiaowen has already died.
<EOS>
Two feuding neighboring families are brought together to celebrate the wedding anniversary and his wife  much to the dislike of Rudra Pratap.
Abhay Singh falls in love with Mangala Solanki.
Abhay learns the background and makes attempts to reconcile the two with disastrous results.
<EOS>
Returning home from a trip to Texas  nightclub owner and gambler Ron Lewis happens across a shooting and is nearly shot himself.
A deputy determines.
Lewis is involved and roughs him up  resulting.
Corrupt cops.
Lawyers ignore Lewis  claim him into a prison sentence of up to 10 years.
His girlfriend Susan is sexually assaulted and warned not to aid Lewis  defense.
Lewis is befriended by mob boss Sal Viccarone and hit man Vince Greeson.
He is paroled and immediately sets out to get even with those.
Who wronged him.
Vince   is contracted to kill Lewis  but decides to help him instead.
Does a law-abiding deputy  Sam Perry.
Lewis proceeds to torment and even torture the guilty parties  gaining his revenge.
<EOS>
Bharathan is a post-graduate and unemployed.
Somehow he manages to get the job at a tuition centre.
His wife Geetha works.
The couple stays.
Bharathan is a genius inventor and has a rather inquisitive mind especially as far.
Scientific matters are concerned.
He is always on.
What happens.
He never sticks.
Lands his family.
His wife Geetha is upset.
Little could she do to avoid her husband.
Who do nt understand him.
Some people cleverly usurp the patent rights of some of Bharathan s crude inventions.
The few people are Thankachan  one.
Who come.
Who goes.
Bharathan invents a gadget.
Could be used to clean and sweep the courtyard and also to pluck coconuts and fruits.
One day   Bharathan notices a paper rocket-flown by some children-staying midair for an unusually long period of time.
This and a few other experiences lead him.
But people leads to many problems in his life.
But Bharathan does discover and claims.
The reason is antigravity.
He can make flying objects that can be used to reach any destination without any fuel.
He suddenly gets famous.
But  Bharathan loses his memory about the project.
The government brings a psychiatrist to cure him.
He finds.
He could make anti gravity.
<EOS>
In a distant Georgian village  a worker appears from the English telegraph company Hughes.
He faithfully takes care  likes to box  and stands for the honor of women and his homeland.
Then  he falls with the most beautiful woman in the village  having become an enemy to her brother  a Bolshevik.
Love inspires the Englishman.
He remains.
After all Hughes employees have been recalled home.
Frustrated to his country made by the Bolsheviks  the man is enraged and destroys a Bolshevik banner.
He is then forced to flee his property.
Was purchased.
He will live in expectation of love  and  as in turns out  his own senseless death.
The story must first be a bit tragic.
Order to appreciate happiness later.
<EOS>
A sociology professor Steve McInter starts conducting a survey.
One Sally Blake excels with the survey and may or may not be having an affair with the professor.
A reporter Betty Ducayne receives an anonymous tip.
Steve is corrupting the youth.
She discovers a dark past.
He had obviously fled.
<EOS>
The story takes place.
Mark s  a Catholic boarding school.
One day  a young student  Elizabeth  is studying.
When  she is attacked by unseen evil forces.
One.
Mark s priests  Father Drake  attempts to save Elizabeth  but he quickly proves to be powerless against it.
The girl vanishes.
The school is immediately shut down.
All are removed from campus by worried families.
Five years later  the school reopens.
A harsh headmistress  Miss Pearce  rules the girls  Father Drake remains at the school as a teacher  but because of the disappearance of Elizabeth.
He has become a drunkard  found.
Five troubled and unwanted girls are left at the school  Alex  Mara  Cecilia --  Leah  and Connie.
Who is blind.
The girls are strictly forbidden to go.
Cecilia and Mara enter the third floor  prompting Miss Pearce to punish the responsible party.
Alex takes the blame and is severely beaten.
Alex begins to have visions.
Other strange things begin to happen  revealing.
All five possess supernatural gifts.
Connie is a conduit  or a magnet  Leah can pass through objects  Cecilia has second sight or  Mara can heal recent wounds.
What the viewer could interpret.
Alex has telekinesis.
It is revealed.
Miss Pearce has brought the girls and is seen conjuring them to a pentagram on the third floor  after which Connie appears to be possessed.
A possessed Connie then attempts to drown Leah.
The demon passes.
Connie falls dead.
Leah/Legion goes to confront Father Drake  revealing the name  Legion.
They argue  Father Drake attempts to exorcise her.
Leah uses.
Her new found demon powers to stab him.
Alex  Mara  and Cecilia have been reading Elizabeth s journal and have learned enough to know.
They need to escape.
They split up to search running into the demon.
Leah s head is smashed  Legion moves on to Cecilia and grants her first sight.
Terrified  Mara and Alex try to flee  but Ms.
Pearce locks them and breaks Mara s healing hand.
It is revealed.
She is Elizabeth s sister  trying to save her.
Mara and Alex then hole up and use Connie s spellbook to create a protective circle.
Cecilia/Legion finds them and  uses her own blood to cover over the lines and then possesses Mara.
Can not initially penetrate the circle.
Miss Pearce is.
Elizabeth s body slowly begins to appear again.
Mara is chasing Alex.
Who gets stabbed.
Miss Pearce begs Legion to let Elizabeth go  but they state.
The deal was.
Alex then uses her own powers to force Legion out of Mara and into Miss Pearce before ramming the demon s head through a crucifix.
Mara and Alex collapse and presumably several hours later  Mara awakes and heals herself  but is unable to heal Alex.
She begins to leave and encounters Virgil.
Elizabeth comes running down the stairs  whole and alive  and greets him.
He is happy and excited.
A bloody Miss Pearce grabs him and transfers Legion to him.
Elizabeth screams and cries.
The film ends.
<EOS>
Elvis Presley is Lonnie Beale  an out-of-work rodeo star trying to make ends meet.
The season starts up again.
He comes.
A friend says he can get a job.
His friend is nowhere to be found.
Having no other option  Lonnie begins singing.
He gets fired.
Thankfully  Vera Radford sees his performance and offers him a job.
She runs called the Circle-Z to take care.
The Circle-Z is not  though  It is a guest ranch.
What Lonnie expected.
Where actresses and models go to lose weight and to get.
Lonnie follows Pam Meritt to the nearby ghost town of Silverado.
Where he learns that one has hidden a treasure.
They have a comical vision.
There. 
What the town must have been.
Back  people keep trying to abduct Pam to find out.
What she knows.
They want to get their hands on a letter in Pam s possession.
Lonnie finds himself defending her more than once.
Lonnie and Pam soon begin a relationship  but matters are complicated.
Pam walks in.
There is a brief interlude.
Where Western films are spoofed and parodied.
He is unable to do his job well.
When rodeo season starts  Lonnie goes  but because things were left unresolved with Pam.
Every time he tries to call her  she hangs up.
She sends it back  marked Return.
When he writes.
Eventually  one finds Lonnie on the circuit and talks him into confronting Pam.
Pam is to Silverado  so they follow her.
When the two reach the.
A fierce storm begins  so the trio decide to spend the night.
When they arrive.
But the hotel is not as deserted.
They think.
It seems to be haunted.
Strange things keep happening whenever Lonnie is not around.
Eventually we learn.
The ghosts and goblins are actually masked men trying to get to Pam s treasure.
Finally  the men are defeated and unmasked.
The hiding place is discovered in the hotel.
Lonnie and Pam decide to get married.
They have a big reception.
Stanley gets tangled up.
The film ends.
They drive off  dragging Stanley in a metal tub behind them.
<EOS>
Sofie and Daan are twin sisters.
Who were raised.
The two are landed.
When they get a phone call that their biological mother is in hospital with a complicated leg fracture awaiting transfer to a rehabilitation centre.
Where everything they believed.
This results to New Mexico.
Where the lives will change forever.
<EOS>
Old Joy tells the story.
They reunite.
The film is a story.
The weekend outing offers a respite from the pressure of his imminent fatherhood  for Kurt  it is another chapter in a life lived on the edge -- of maturity  and poverty.
Tagging along is Lucy  Mark s mixed breed dog.
Who simply enjoys the adventure  and is not burdened.
<EOS>
Crime  drugs  HIV/AIDS  poor education  inferiority complex  low expectation  poverty  corruption  poor health  and underdevelopment plagues people.
Africans are still struggling for basic freedom.
Filmed engages the retrospective voice  told from the African.
<EOS>
Charlie Mayeaux is an undercover DEA agent suffering after a bust gone wrong.
His partner was killed.
He found.
Himself served up with a gun shoved in his face just before back-up arrived.
Charlie  once known  is finding it very hard to return to work.
His requests to be taken off the case or retired are denied.
So much time was put.
Charlie works.
Another passenger strikes up a conversation with him.
Where his job will resume.
It turns out  Charlie enlists his services.
This man  Dr Jeff Bleckner  is a psychiatrist and.
Dr Bleckner listens and prescribes him anti-anxiety medication to help him deal with stress.
He also encourages him to join a group therapy session.
Charlie meets and befriends a group of stressed out men from the business world.
To deal  Charlie goes to the doctor.
Where he meets the free-spirited and beautiful Judy Tipp  the self-proclaimed Enema Queen who introduces him.
Charlie is knee-deep in negotiations for high-stakes money laundering and stock manipulation.
He was brought.
Vaillar is a son.
They are dealing with an unpredictable temper named Fulvio Nesstra.
Who represents the Italian mob.
Fulvio is disfavored.
Jason Cane  a young Wall street-type  completes the group.
Each thinks.
He understands the other players.
There is more.
Meets the eye.
<EOS>
The film opens.
A college student JD gestures.
They proceed to savagely assault another student and his friends.
It turns out.
JD is a student leader  a big-man-on-campus  who is the President.
He is also the lowest rung.
Reaches to Bhavani.
Bhavani uses this network to provide political muscle.
Siva is a new student.
He joins a small group.
JD is known to cause petty troubles.
He falls.
Siva hits back.
When he provokes Siva.
Further  Siva chases JD in plain sight and inflicts vicious punishment.
JD is shocked.
Nobody has previously confronted him.
This incident sparks two things.
JD fetches Ganesh to sort out Siva  and  Malli and the other students  now encouraged  implore Siva to run for President at the next election.
Siva proposes.
The more qualified but nerdy Naresh run instead.
Ganesh first attempts to talk Siva out.
But Siva tells him off  claiming.
College matters are to be kept and that lowly gangsters from outside need not interfere.
Siva beats him back too.
When Ganesh attempts to use force.
The matter comes.
Bhavani is mildly annoyed.
He studies Siva.
Naresh is assaulted and rendered unable to run.
Siva accepts the nomination and decides to run.
Meanwhile  Bhavani has other troubles.
He refuses to side.
Krishna Reddy takes his plight  Siva agrees to help in return for muscle.
Krishna Reddy provides this.
Asha expresses a romantic interest in Siva.
The friendship progresses.
They eventually marry.
The stage is now set.
Bhavani launches a set on those close to Siva.
Siva retaliates and takes out many of Bhavani s leaders.
Machiraju notices and decides to stop supporting Bhavani.
Siva is launching a fitting response.
Angered  humiliated and defeated  Bhavani strikes Siva s home.
A final fight ensues.
Which eventually  Siva manages to kill Bhavani  ridding the city of its most terrifying anti-social elements  while personally coming to terms with the fact that Siva kills Bhavani but loses Keerthi  his niece in the bargain.
<EOS>
Bandit Tuco Ramirez narrowly shoots his way past three bounty hunters to freedom  killing two but only badly wounding the third.
Miles away  Angel Eyes interrogates.
A former soldier called Stevens.
He brutally guns down Stevens and his eldest son.
Not  another former soldier named Baker.
Stevens pays Angel Eyes to kill Angel Eyes  employer.
Angel Eyes later collects his fee.
Then shoots and kills him  too.
Meanwhile  he runs into a group of bounty hunters.
Who prepare to capture him when they are approached.
Initially elated  Tuco is enraged.
When Blondie delivers him up.
Hours later   Blondie surprises the authorities and frees Tuco  the two later meet to split the reward money  revealing their lucrative money-making scheme.
Tuco awaits his execution.
The two repeat the process  keeping all of the money.
Tuco s bounty is raised.
Blondie  weary complaints about the dividing of the profits from their scheme  abandons him in the desert.
A livid Tuco manages to make it and rearm himself with a revolver.
Tuco enlists three outlaws to come with him to kill Blondie.
Tuco climbs up and aims his gun at Blondie and captures him while a skirmish between Union and Confederate troops rages on outside.
The three men break.
A cannonball hits the hotel and demolishes the room  allowing Blondie to escape.
Tuco prepares to kill Blondie.
Tuco captures Blondie.
He is using the same scheme and marches him across the harsh desert.
Tuco prepares to kill him but pauses.
When Blondie finally collapses.
When a runaway ambulance carriage appears.
Tuco discovers a dying Bill Carson  but falls unconscious before naming the grave.
Looting the dead soldiers.
Who reveals that $ 200000 is buried in a grave in Sad Hill cemetery.
He discovers Carson dead and Blondie slumped beside Carson s body.
When Tuco returns.
Blondie says.
Neither can get the gold.
Tuco takes Blondie.
Tuco nurses Blondie back disguised.
They inadvertently encounter a force.
They are captured and marched.
Corporal Wallace calls the roll.
Tuco answers  catching the attention of Angel Eyes  now disguised as a Union Sergeant stationed at the camp.
Angel Eyes has Wallace viciously beat and torture Tuco.
Tuco also confesses.
Only Blondie knows the name.
Convinced  Angel Eyes offers to take Tuco s place.
Blondie would not be easily broken.
Blondie agrees and rides out.
Meanwhile  Tuco escapes.
Being transported to his execution  killing Corporal Wallace in the process.
We next see Angel Eyes  gang   arriving in a town.
S rapidly being evacuated due.
Tuco  wandering aimlessly  is oblivious of the bounty hunter.
Survived. 
Tuco shoots and kills the bounty hunter.
Blondie investigates the gunshot  finding Tuco and informing him.
The two resume their old partnership  stalking and killing Angel Eyes  henchmen before discovering.
Angel Eyes has escaped and left an insulting note.
Tuco and Blondie find their way.
It is blocked.
Who are separated only.
Each side is preparing to fight.
Apparently both sides have been ordered not to destroy the bridge.
Reasoning  Blondie and Tuco wire the bridge.
If the bridge were destroyed these idiots would go somewhere else to fight.
Tuco revealing Sad Hill Cemetery as the gold s location.
Blondie saying.
The name is Arch Stanton.
The two then take cover up.
The two armies resume their battle.
The next morning  the Confederate and Union soldiers have gone.
Tuco abandons Blondie to retrieve the gold at the cemetery.
Frantically searching the sea  Tuco finally locates Arch Stanton s grave.
Blondie appears and tosses him a shovel.
He digs.
A second later  the two are surprised.
Who holds them.
Blondie kicks open Stanton s grave to reveal just a skeleton.
Declaring  Blondie writes it and tells Tuco and Angel Eyes.
Only he knows the real name.
Two hundred thousand dollars is a lot.
We re going to have to earn it.
The three stare each other down  calculating alliances and dangers in a Mexican standoff before suddenly drawing.
Blondie shoots Angel Eyes.
Who tries to shoot Blondie while he is down only to be shot again and roll into an open grave  dead.
Tuco also tries to shoot Angel Eyes  but discovers.
Blondie had unloaded his gun the night.
Blondie directs Tuco.
Tuco digs and is overjoyed to find bags  but is shocked.
When he turns and finds himself staring at a noose.
Seeking a measure for  Blondie forces Tuco to stand atop a tottery grave marker and fixes the noose around his neck  binding Tuco s hands before riding off with his share of the gold.
What Tuco has done.
Blondie s silhouette returns  aiming a rifle at him.
Tuco screams.
Blondie fires a single shot and severs the noose rope  dropping Tuco.
<EOS>
The movie revolves.
Who are friends.
Several years later  they decided to meet once again.
They have come to know.
Each other has a feeling.
They did way back high school.
Now  they are.
They reunite once again.
Will they discover the true meaning.
They reunite again.
<EOS>
Left is a revenge thriller set in a city called Hope.
Where a crime lord called Kincaid rules.
Williams  a former hitman  is attacked and left for dead.
When he tries to leave the organisation.
He teams up  a kickboxer.
Who had his hands smashed.
Together they must fight on the criminal empire.
Holds their city.
<EOS>
Dr Luther Brooks  an intern  is the first African-American doctor.
Who has just passed the state board examination to qualify.
Which he trained.
Luther requests to work at the hospital for another year.
He lacks.
Johnny and Ray Biddle  brothers  are brought.
Who were both shot by a policeman as they attempted a robbery.
He is bombarded by Ray.
Luther tends.
Who grew up.
Believing  Luther administers a spinal tap.
Johnny has a brain tumor.
Johnny dies.
Wondering  Luther consults.
Ray s antagonism may have caused him to be careless.
His mentor  chief medical resident Dr Daniel Wharton  and Wharton concedes that a brain tumor was only one possibility.
Feeling  Luther requests an autopsy.
He must prove the accuracy.
Wharton informs him.
They can not proceed without the permission of the deceased s family.
Wharton confers about requisitioning an autopsy.
When Ray refuses  as he does not want his brother s body to be cut up.
Moreland  aware  denies the request.
A scandal could endanger funding.
The incident will be forgotten.
Johnny was married.
Who tells the doctors that she divorced Johnny a year and a half ago  and that she hates his whole family.
His sympathetic attitude persuades her to visit Ray to ask.
She does not reveal it.
Ray tells her  however.
Johnny would be alive if he had had a white doctor  and that Wharton wants to have the autopsy to cover up the truth.
Edie s racist feelings are revived.
Whom she had committed adultery.
He convinces her.
Wharton played her  and that she can make up for her past infidelity to Johnny by contacting Beaver Canal club owner Rocky Miller and telling him about Johnny s death.
Accompanied.
Who is deaf.
Where Rocky and his pals lay plans to attack the black section.
Rocky forces her to stay.
Edie desperately wishes to leave.
Meanwhile  Luther arrives and learns about the upcoming attack from Lefty Jones  a black elevator operator.
Luther tries to dissuade Lefty.
Lefty reminds him.
Occurred while Luther was away.
Luther then contacts Alderman Tompkins to try to avert the riot.
Lefty and a large group  including Luther s brother-in-law John  meet and plan their strategy.
Edie watches.
The whites prepare their weapons  but leaves before the blacks surprise the whites.
Wharton is called.
Victims are brought in to the hospital.
However  a drunken and disheartened Edie arrives.
He departs.
Wharton leaves her.
Gladys tenderly cares.
Edie fears that Gladys will harm her.
When she collapses.
Luther tends to the victims until a white woman orders.
Him to take his black hands.
Stunned  Luther walks out.
The next morning  Cora arrives and announces.
Wharton returns home to find Edie chatting.
Luther has given himself up.
Cora relates.
After he left the hospital  Luther realized that the coroner would be forced to conduct an autopsy if he were charged.
Wharton assures Cora  Cora s stoic demeanor crumbles.
He will stand  and after he leaves with Edie.
She cries.
The coroner confirms.
Johnny died and that Luther was justified in performing the spinal tap.
Wharton  Cora and Edie are pleased.
Luther has been exonerated.
Ray insists.
The doctors are conspiring to bury the truth.
Luther leaves  following by Edie.
Who denounces Ray before she departs.
He is leaving town.
She finds Ray and George waiting.
When Edie returns.
Ray   beats Edie to make her call Luther and tell him to meet Wharton.
Whose leg is bleeding profusely.
Drunk and  Ray raves  then leaves Edie with George.
He is going to kill Luther.
George does not notice.
Meanwhile   Ray holds a gun  beats him and shouts racist slurs.
When Luther enters Wharton s house.
Edie arrives and tries to stop Ray.
Ray s physical pain and obsessive hatred have pushed him.
Edie turns out the lights.
Ray shoots.
He retrieves Ray s gun.
Luther is wounded.
He collapses.
Edie coldly tells Luther to let Ray s leg bleed.
Luther asserts.
He can not kill Ray simply because  then uses the gun and Edie s scarf to fashion a tourniquet.
Luther tells the hysterical Ray   white boy  you re gon na live.
A siren announces the arrival.
Do nt cry.
<EOS>
Martin Freeman plays frustrated TV producer Chris  a self-opinionated wannabe screenwriter.
Who is forced to leave his unreliable flatmate Bob played.
Worried  Chris asks his friend to listen out for the door bell and show anyone.
Who comes calling inside.
Bob promises to do exactly that and  not to let him down.
Played by Richard Harrington - back at the house it is soon clear.
Chris struggles to cope.
Bob is taking his promise rather too literally.
Bob has indeed  allowed anyone inside  - an incompetent young Brit played by Danny Dyer and an incontinent American played by Corey Johnson.
That evening  Chris is surprised to return home and find his flatmate  four estate agents  two Jehovah s Witnesses and a terrified children s entertainer being held hostage.
<EOS>
Bobby Hattaway  an honored soldier  returns home to find his father s formerly prosperous store now dangerously in debt to the town s ruthless leader  and Bobby s childhood friend  Stu Croker.
Bobby will now face off to take control from Stu.
<EOS>
This crime comedy shows the bumbling son.
Who does his best to follow.
It is a remake.
Where There s A Will.
<EOS>
Ben  his girlfriend Nicky  and Ben s young daughter K.
T.
Are driving Southwest to K.
T.
S grandmother s house.
They come.
They meet the local sheriff  his assistant Tobey  Doc Duncan  and a priest.
When they attempt to report it.
These locals explain the unusual events.
Which involve several murders  the inability to leave the town  and that many of the local children have gone missing.
A local coven have been taking the children and leading them to worship Satan in a plot to use their bodies as receptacles for their own souls.
They use their supernatural abilities to kill anyone.
Who interferes.
The priest figures out.
The coven is taking the children  and tells people   because K.
T.
Has gone missing.
However  he sees the murder.
He goes crazy  turning.
The people searching ca nt find Doc Duncan  and search his house.
They find the toy.
Came and killed Joey s father  Mike.
It is a knight.
There is blood.
They show the priest the toy.
He starts to scream.
They take the toy away and try to open a locked door.
A bloody ceremony   is taking place.
Which the coven members kill themselves to take over the bodies.
The camera flashes.
They see the children staring back.
When they finally open the door.
They are  with the children  a table  dolls.
Resemble some.
The children continue to stare.
The camera slowly pans.
The screen goes dark  and bright pink gothic words show up  saying  Come in  children.
<EOS>
Nandini and Navin are about to get married.
When disaster strikes.
Navin and his friends  a hugely overweight Sudeep and Yash  go out to celebrate.
An accident occurs.
Navin is dead.
Navin wakes up and discovers to his horror.
It was a clerical error that had landed him.
The man actually destined to be there was fat Sudeep.
This film is.
Navin returns and has to woo Nandini all over again in another guise.
<EOS>
Dr Raj plays a CID Police Agent.
Who is.
The story revolves.
Can covert any metal.
Uday Kumar plays the honcho.
<EOS>
Katsu  a young man  returns.
Who has spent five years drifting.
He refuses to admit.
The villagers recognize him.
He sets.
A local girl befriends him.
<EOS>
Duane Hopwood is a father sharing custody.
The montage culminates.
When Duane is pulled over.
Duane is drunk.
The policeman  a close friend  offers to take him home.
Duane agrees.
His friend s leniency changes.
Duane tells him his daughter is.
Duane is banned and is forced to travel to the casino by a bicycle borrowed from his ex-wife Linda.
Luckily  Duane s colleague  Anthony  sees him and offers him a ride.
Duane is forced to intervene in an altercation between a blackjack table dealer and a customer.
Duane initially asks him to leave.
Duane gives him a few quarters and asks him to play a few slots then leave.
The man asks.
The man does so and wins the jackpot prize.
Duane meets his ex-wife Linda.
She tells him.
His oldest daughter  Mary  would like to talk and also informs him that her lawyer has suggested she revoke his visitation rights because of his DUI.
He chucks the bicycle into the sea.
Needing to call a cab  Duane returns  but gets asked to take a walk by his boss.
Duane is taken.
Who says that it was her machine.
Duane confirms  falsely.
It was the man s own quarter which was used to win the jackpot.
Duane s boss explains.
The dispute is a potential public relations nightmare.
Duane is awoken by his neighbors posting a Thanksgiving invitation through his mailbox.
Duane opens the door and receives the invitation personally  but is reluctant to confirm his attendance  saying.
He may be working.
Duane takes his daughter to try and asks her.
What it was she wanted to talk about.
She tells him her feelings and says.
She wants to live because her sister called her fat and Bob was encouraging her to go running and lose weight.
Returning  Duane explains.
What Mary said about her worries and goes on to confront Bob about his role in his daughter s unhappiness.
The confrontation escalates and Duane picks up a baseball bat and hits it.
His two daughters appear.
As Duane moves.
Causes Duane to stop and eventually leave.
Duane stops by his usual bar a begins to talk to the barmaid  Gina.
She gives the now drunk Duane a lift home but her car will not.
She is forced to stay the night.
Rejecting his drunken advances she sleeps.
He sleeps.
Duane is called and is shown a tape of him giving the quarters to the jackpot winner.
Duane s boss   is forced to fire Duane.
The now jobless Duane is seen drinking.
It jumps lying in bed after sex.
Where Duane tells her that he still loves Linda  causing Gina to leave.
Duane attends the court hearing and explains to the judge the importance of him being able to see his kids.
Linda s lawyer produces the bat.
Duane threatened Bob.
It then cuts.
Duane goes to go talk.
His lawyer convinces him not.
He cycles home to find Anthony sitting.
He s using.
Duane s lawyer  standing  after a pause simply says.
We need to talk indicating the negative outcome.
This causes Duane to immediately rush upstairs  get his coat  and run.
Duane drives but finds the place empty.
Distraught and drunk  Duane appears to ruin it with his drunken behavior.
Finally being restrained and then taken by the casino security guard  his former colleague.
The next morning.
Duane goes downstairs and apologizes for screwing up his big break.
Linda surprisingly knocks and explains.
She would never leave  and that she had to move the furniture early.
Linda explains.
She  Bob and the two girls are moving.
Duane accepts responsibility.
Linda asks him to come and say goodbye.
They move and promises to arrange for him to visit the children.
The two reconcile and part amicably.
Linda  Bob and the two girls wait before giving up and drive off.
For Duane to appear cycling next.
He s able to give his daughters a good send off and watches them leave content.
He enters his usual bar.
Duane  having finally moved on  is able to start a new relationship with Gina.
Duane and Anthony go.
Gina also arrives.
The film ends  with everyone then drinking wine  except Duane.
Who drinks water.
<EOS>
Alba seduces a stranger Natasha.
Alba invites Natasha.
What seems merely a harmless sexual adventure crowning their last night.
Natasha is at first reluctant - she insists.
She likes men and is not a lesbian.
Alba says.
Many who experience lesbian relationships never go back.
It is clear.
Alba has done this before.
However   the two connect tremendously  descending more and more into the depths of truth  trust  and ultimately love.
The lovers eventually agree  returning to their previous lives in Russia and Spain.
However  the ending is ambiguous.
<EOS>
Young Nigel Slater is keen.
His mother - who suffers - is a poor cook whose speciality is toast.
So does Nigel s relationship with his father Alan.
His father begins to spend his evenings.
Nigel s mother dies.
Whose signature lemon meringue pie is a hit.
Alan and Mrs Potter embark  and soon move to a remote part of the Herefordshire countryside with Nigel.
Who dislikes his father s new partner.
Nigel finds solace in home economics classes at school  and uses his improved culinary skills to gain his father s affections  thus becoming Mrs Potter s rival.
The excessive food causes Mr Slater to gain weight and become more temperamental.
Nigel soon lands a job to avoid Mrs Potter  and falls in love with the landlady s son  the relationship is cut short.
When the latter leaves town.
Nigel s mind is set.
When Mr Slater dies that Mrs Potter has been feeding him.
He packs a bag  leaving Mrs Potter behind.
Nigel thanks Mrs Potter and  walks off  vowing to never see or speak to her again.
Leaving the country home.
He soon arrives.
Where he is offered a job by a chef portrayed by the real Nigel Slater.
<EOS>
The story goes.
The Pink Panther gets a job as a hospital janitor however finds himself dreaming.
He assists patients by extracting a banana out of 1 man s ear and bandaging a man s sore finger.
Again concentrating  he causes trouble by ruining an x-ray photo and making a doctor slip on the newly-waxed floor.
<EOS>
Officer Lacy is an 18-year veteran.
Who finds himself demoted back to patrol duty for his violent tendencies and trigger-happy behavior.
Responding  he finds.
A young musician named Sally has been harassed and brutally attacked.
Rabbit has Sally but is persuaded to release her and surrender by Officer Lacy.
Lacy kills the disarmed Rabbit anyway.
A grateful Sally is convinced to lie to detectives to make Lacy seem like a hero.
She later changes her mind and tells the truth.
This drives Lacy to try with escalating threats and violence.
His career is ruined.
He s tried.
<EOS>
Winners introduces us  a project set in place by the Spanish Red Cross in Liberia  with a program to integrate vulnerable women in Monrovia into the social and labor fields.
More than fourteen years have relegated these women to the lowest rung of the social ladder of the already fragile Liberian society  turning them into the perfect victims of a gender violence.
Could well become an institution.
<EOS>
Laurel and Hardy are almost.
When Ollie gets a phone call.
Cookie tells Ollie that night and reveals irresistible details of the event.
A stag party is taking place.
When Ollie says they wo nt be able to attend.
Ollie pretends to be sick and sends the wives on ahead  promising.
He and Stan will meet them.
The pair dress.
There are scenes.
The wives then return having missed their train.
Stan and Ollie take.
And in response to Stan s plea of What ll I do.
<EOS>
The film is.
Verdoux has been.
Being both loyal and competent.
To make money  he marries wealthy widows and then murders them.
His crime spree eventually works.
When two particular widows break his normal routine.
The film ends.
Verdoux is being led after dismissing his killing of a few as no worse than the highly-praised killing of large numbers in war.
<EOS>
Wendy  Billie  and Ann are seniors  they spend all their time with fellow students Jonah  Price  and Robert.
The six have been friends.
Their friendship has become a six-person monogamous relationship.
They swap sex partners each week  their loyalty is.
Wendy meets Sean  a new senior  he finds out about her inner geek.
Who moved.
She quickly recognizes a kindred spirit.
Soon their friendship becomes romantic.
Wendy is torn.
Wendy starts to test the boundaries to her friends.
Billie realizes.
She is going to have to fight to keep her best friend  which should nt be a problem  since each has collected a box full of mementos from their sexual experience.
Billie can destroy her reputation and relationship.
Wendy tries to leave.
Nathan meets Sean s mother  Helen.
Wendy is trying to decide.
Who is waiting a long three weeks to start a new job.
Nathan develops a huge crush.
He uses his considerable cooking skills to try and woo her.
Then Wendy spends another Saturday night.
She is unable to cheat  her hesitation is all.
Billie needs to accuse her best friend.
Wendy takes out her frustration on a random couple.
Who keep making out.
Ryan  hearing  tries to be friends.
Wendy is out.
Wendy does nt like -- a subservient wet dishrag.
What Ryan has become.
Sean and Wendy try to be a normal couple.
The group quickly tests the relationship  Billie puts the box.
Wendy claims  she knows.
She is nt scared.
Sean loves her.
Maybe so  but  he is fed up and offers an ultimatum  Wendy can burn the box  leave the group  and be a normal girl.
When he sees the photos that document a lifetime.
They can break up.
Wendy has gone to another.
She wants to comfort her friend.
When Wendy sees Billie being tortured.
Billie invites Wendy back  such is the depth of Billie s love for her.
She tests her -- pushing Wendy to publicly ridicule Ryan  a girl.
When Billie realizes that Wendy really might leave.
Who left the group last year.
Sean witnesses the brutal scene.
Where Ryan s past is used.
Wendy is devastated.
She allowed herself to be pushed around.
But Wendy makes a braver and stronger decision -- to be alone.
All had cheated on the girls at some point.
Price went away and slept with someone else  subsequently giving the entire group crabs.
Jonah and Robert are  and have been sleeping together for three years.
The girls must face the next chapter of their lives alone.
Wendy sees the possibilities this offers.
<EOS>
A man meets a young woman  leading.
Wherein a man kills everyone at a birthday party.
<EOS>
An unidentified young woman  alone  is attacked by an invisible assailant.
Who hangs her.
She drops an ornate black envelope.
She dies.
A year later  former college friends Sid  Kira  and Harris go out drinking.
They break to say their final goodbyes to the departed.
Continuing their revelries  they get quite drunk.
Sid finds a black envelope tucked.
It contains a poem urging those present to be joyful and to dance.
The three regard this as a celebration of life.
They dance.
Soon enough  mysterious things begin to happen.
Harris and his wife Allison are frightened.
Then Kira is attacked.
She is severely bitten and sexually assaulted.
Her house is ransacked.
Sid is plagued.
They enlist a pair.
Who determine that the three inadvertently invoked a powerful curse.
They are now being haunted.
Who will kill them.
They return to the cemetery to disinter the remains of their tormenters  hoping to bury them anew and put the curse to rest.
Not all make it back into the ground  however  and on the final night the three experience renewed attacks  more powerful and furious than any to date.
They are trapped together   by the malevolent spirits.
Who move in to take their revenge.
Sid is incinerated  Kira is murdered.
Her body is possessed.
Who is pursuing Harris.
Culpepper admits.
She foiled the burial plan.
Harris takes the skull  hoping to place it in a grave and break the curse at the last moment.
Vincent has conveniently left open.
He helps Allison escape the house.
She crashes back  through the outside fence and walls  in Vincent s Humvee.
Was also parked.
The spiritual force coalesces and takes the form of a demonic head.
Chases  shattering interior walls as it comes.
The final skull is at last put in its resting place.
The energy disappears.
Finally  Allison and Harris walk after the funerals of their friends.
The groundskeeper carefully places a black envelope of the tombstones.
They leave.
<EOS>
The film opens watching a film starring Yukie Fujikaze  in a local cinema.
Kakashi Hatake has summoned them to watch it  to prevent Yukie   from being captured during production of her latest film.
Who plays Princess Gale.
Yukie is later revealed to be Koyuki Kazahana  a princess.
Doto Kazahana   was responsible.
Who is revealed to be Koyuki s uncle.
Doto s henchmen  wearing Chakra armor  attempt to capture the princess.
Team 7 manages to delay the princess.
Doto eventually captures Koyuki and kills her bodyguards.
Who reveal themselves.
Naruto enters the ship to rescue the princess  only to be captured and forced to wear a chakra-draining device.
Doto forces Koyuki to hand over a crystal necklace.
Her father had given her when she was young  thinking that this is a key that can unlock the hidden treasure Sosetsu had left behind.
Sakura  Sasuke and Kakashi infiltrate the fortress.
Naruto and Koyuki escape.
They confront Doto.
He manages to capture the crystal necklace and flees.
Naruto proceeds to follow Doto.
The remaining members confront Doto s henchmen.
Kakashi gets his revenge.
Sakura and Sasuke defeat the other two henchmen Fubuki Kakuyoku and Mizore Fuyukuma.
Meanwhile  Doto discovers the hidden treasure to transform the island.
Naruto confronts him  but gets overpowered.
Sasuke uses his Chidori to weaken Doto s armour.
Naruto releases his energy and uses his new Seven Colored Chakra Rasengan  killing Doto and activating a mirror to transform the land.
Koyuki decides to reclaim her rightful place of royalty and even mentions personally with Team.
Even  her acting career will not end.
<EOS>
Justin Quayle  a shy low-rung British diplomat and horticultural hobbyist posted  is one to avoid making a fuss.
He learns that his wife Tessa was found dead.
Tessa has been murdered.
Her colleague doctor Arnold Bluhm is initially suspected but is later found to have been murdered on the same day as Tessa.
Various rumours abound  however  it is later revealed.
The two were having an affair.
Bluhm was.
We see.
How Justin met his future wife Tessa  an outspoken humanitarian and Amnesty activist  falls in love with her and how she persuades him to take her back with him to Kenya.
Justin is radicalised.
The mystery surrounding his wife s death unfolds.
He soon runs up.
Is using Kenya s population with known harmful side effects and disregards the well-being of its poor African test subjects.
Danny Huston plays Sandy Woodrow  the British High Commissioner.
Bill Nighy is Sir Bernard Pellegrin  head and Sandy s boss.
What happened.
Where she died.
Justin s gentle but diligent attention is a recurring background theme.
Which image the film s title is derived.
<EOS>
A supervirus known has taken over the Super Computer  and is trying to infect the entire net.
She is not malevolent  and only wants to bring order to the net.
She used something called ` The Word  to brainwash people  apart from Bob and Matrix.
She comes with  and has already infected all of the Guardian Collective.
Mouse  Dot  and Phong manage to seal off a few systems.
All but those systems become infected.
When Daemon activates her infection which has been lying dormant.
AndrAIa  Matrix  and Mouse become infected  and therefore loyal to Daemon.
Daemon uses her to break in.
It was Mouse who programmed the firewall to seal off Mainframe.
She needs Bob to help infect the other sealed.
Arriving  Hexadecimal powers up in the core  and uses the energy to fight Daemon.
However  it is  Daemon initiates the final stage of the infection.
Causes everyone infected to begin a net-wide binary countdown  which will cause them all to be deleted.
Being a cron virus  Daemon s time was up  and is instantly deleted.
A cure  taken from Matrix s icon  is delivered to the entire net by way of Hexidecimal through a dispersed portal.
It seemingly fragments Hex.
Everyone is cured.
Dot had previously described.
Bob and Dot get engaged.
However  a few seconds later  a portal opens.
Ray Tracer and another Bob step through  leading.
<EOS>
The plot concerns the potential outbreak of a Fourth Great Ninja World War.
When ninja begin to disappear from Kumogakure  Iwagakure  Kirigakure  and Sunagakure.
Konohagakure remains the only village not affected - people start to suspect its role in these incidents.
Rumors begin to circulate.
The Feudal Lord of the Land of Fire orders Tsunade to capture the real culprit and prove Konoha s innocence  in the event of failure  the Land of Fire will be forced to destroy the village to preserve world peace.
The true culprit and main antagonist is a missing-nin and former friend of the Legendary Sannin   a jutsu and Kekkei Genkai of other ninja.
Who left Konoha long ago.
Allows the user to absorb both the chakra.
Hiruko uses a genjutsu to project himself onto the skies above Konoha  announcing.
He will obtain the Kekkei Genkai and become immortal and invincible  then instigate the Fourth Great Ninja World War and conquer the world.
A race to defeat him begins.
The moment draws near.
Hiruko s target  the Land  is Kakashi s Sharingan.
One night  Hiruko activates.
A Puppet Curse placed over ten years ago.
Kakashi asks Tsunade to allow him to go  so he can defeat Hiruko.
Kakashi asks Tsunade to place a special seal.
He leaves.
Will automatically activate Kamui when Hiruko attempts to absorb him.
Kakashi leaves the village.
Tsunade labels Kakashi as a missing-nin and orders everyone from the village without any further orders from her to stay away from Kakashi.
Naruto and Sakura leave the village to pursue and rescue their teacher.
Team 8  Team 10  and Team Guy are sent to retrieve them.
Naruto  Sakura  and Sai follow Kakashi and defeat Hiruko s subordinates.
Eventually they reach the temple.
Where Hiruko is waiting.
Naruto enters the temple.
The eclipse begins.
Hiruko starts the absorption.
Suddenly  Kakashi s Mangekyo Sharingan activates.
The space begins to distort.
Naruto saves Kakashi.
Hiruko remains alive.
He states.
The eclipse has nt ended yet and releases a large amount  reducing the surrounding area to rubble.
Hiruko then summons a chimera beast.
Team 8  Team 10  and Team Guy work together and defeat the chimera beast.
Naruto and Kakashi battle Hiruko.
Who easily absorbs their attacks  Raikiri and doma Rasengan.
Naruto attacks Hiruko with Futon  Rasenshuriken.
Hiruko tries to absorb it  but can not.
He dies.
The Konoha ninja celebrate their victory.
<EOS>
An architect accidentally gets caught up.
When he ends up.
Kate is a woman out to find her brother s killer.
The two team up  but not before first thinking the other is the killer.
The duo end up.
<EOS>
The Pink Panther sets camp.
He sleepwalks and eats the cake in his sleep.
The next morning he finds the cake missing and thinks  so he gets out a Sherlock Holmes-styled hat and a magnifying glass and tries to track down the thief  scaring a tree.
A thief pinched it.
A thief dressed in a car  leaving tire tracks behind.
He reduces his car into a snake.
The pink panther follows the trail.
The door keeps moving sideways  so he charges and pushes the door down.
The panther can turn the handle.
The door opens.
The panther sees the thief and gives chase up a really long flight.
Then the thief and panther go upside down.
The thief cuts off a segment of the stairs.
The panther tries to get the thief climbing a ladder.
The thief and panther plunge along with the ladder.
The pink panther finds the thief  but.
He lifts the covers its just a pair.
The panther chases the legs.
Every time he turns  the thief splatters a cake in his face.
The pink panther finds himself with the thief in a giant fish bowl.
The duck lays an egg.
When the panther surfaces out.
The panther breaks open the egg  releasing the thief.
A spotlight appears and homes.
The panther walks on.
The spotlight then becomes a balloon trapping the panther.
The panther punctures the balloon  making an explosion of daisies.
The panther wakes up to find himself.
The cake is still there.
The panther hides his cake and goes back to sleep.
The thief however holds the cake  whistles the panther awake and splatters the cake.
<EOS>
The film starts.
They move  showing exploitation as various financial agents try to produce high returns.
There are several interviews as well as homeless people and workers  the film sets them up as good guys and bad guys.
Mark Mobius manages funds.
He invests.
Mirko Kovats is an investor and.
He inspects an Indian firm.
Terry Le Sueur is the finance minister and explains the development of the island from agriculture and tourism to international financial center and tax haven.
Hermann Scheer is member and criticizes the financial system.
John Perkins is a former Economic Hitman and describes US politics based on economic interests.
<EOS>
Ju Dou takes place.
The story begins.
Yang Tianqing is returning to sell silk for his adoptive uncle  Yang Jinshan.
Jinshan   is known and treats Tianqing with much scorn.
Whose trade is dyeing fabrics.
Tianqing learns.
Jinshan has just recently purchased a new wife  having beaten two previous wives after they failed to produce a son  the cruel irony being that Jinshan is in fact impotent.
Tianqing is immediately enamored with her.
They act with some detachment from one another  both living in fear of Jinshan.
Jinshan tortures Ju Dou as Tianqing is forced to listen to her cries.
Eventually  Tianqing discovers Ju Dou s bathing area and spies.
She is at first concerned  but eventually uses the hole to expose her bruises.
When she discovers the peephole.
Soon  the two are unable to control their passions any longer.
They engage next to the dye vats.
She and Tianqing carry.
When Ju Dou discovers she is pregnant.
The child is.
The child  Tianbai is soon born and carries Tianqing s name.
However  Jinshan suffers a stroke.
Leaves him paralyzed.
Confined  he nevertheless discovers Ju Dou and Tianqing s affair and attempts to kill the child.
Stopped  Jinshan s past cruelty is repaid upon him.
He is hoisted  leaving him dangling helplessly during the night.
Tianqing and Ju Dou suffer another setback.
When Ju Dou believes that she is yet again pregnant.
However  later she receives her period.
The couple is relieved.
Knowing  Ju Dou goes.
Society would infer and could never accept her infidelities.
The contraceptives turn out to be hot chili powder.
They leave her barren.
Meanwhile Tianbai has grown.
He has yet to speak.
Both Ju Dou and Tianqing worry.
Jin Shan meanwhile is still left.
He at first attempts to push him  but  his heart immediately melts.
When he sees the child.
When Tianbai calls him Father.
He accepts the boy.
They know.
Ju Dou and Tianqing are horrified.
They can say nothing.
Jinshan s happiness is short-lived  however  himself falls into the dye vat and drowns one day while playing with his son.
Who watches the man flail helplessly but does nothing to save him.
The funeral is treated.
Confucian dogma requires both Ju Dou and Tianqing to beg the casket not to leave.
Ju Dou  moreover  is never allowed to be.
The film then cuts.
Ju Dou and Tianqing still run the dye operation.
Tianbai is now a rage-filled teenager.
Rumors drive him to nearly kill a local gossip.
Tianbai drags them into the open before throwing his father into a vat.
It seems.
Disoriented and short.
If Tianqing will get out.
However  Tianbai clubs him and knocks him unconscious  resulting in Tianqing drowning.
Ju Dou then burns the mill down  and watches the rolls of silk around her as the film ends.
<EOS>
Mrs Sarah Hargrave  a beautiful widow  and two young children are cast off from the ship.
They are travelling on.
A sailor tries to kill the children.
Days afloat.
Who has been sent.
Sarah angrily kills him  using a harpoon  and dumps his body overboard.
The trio arrives and is stranded on a beautiful tropical island in the South Pacific.
Sarah tries to raise them to be civilized  but soon gives up.
Richard was born and raised.
He influences the widow s daughter Lilli.
They grow up.
Sarah educates them  including the facts of life.
She cautiously demands the children never to go.
Sarah dies  leaving them to fend for themselves.
When Richard and Lilli are about eight.
Sarah is buried.
Together  the children survive solely.
Years later  both Richard and Lilli grow.
They live and spend their days together fishing  swimming  and exploring the island.
Both their bodies mature and develop.
They are physically attracted.
Richard loses the child s game Easter egg hunt and dives to find Lilli an adult s pearl.
His penchant sparks a domestic quarrel  Lilli thinks.
He is foolhardy.
The liveliness makes.
Richard feel virile.
Lilli awakens.
As Sarah described the threshold.
Richard awakens  and suffers a nasty mood swing.
He can not explain.
They then get.
One night  Richard goes off  and discovers.
A group use the shrine of an impressive  Kon-Tiki-like idol to sacrifice conquered enemies every full moon.
Richard camouflages himself in the muck  meanwhile  Lilli worries about his disappearance.
Richard escapes unscathed.
He is seen.
Ultimately   Richard and Lilli discover natural love and passion.
Deepens their emotional bond.
They fall.
Exchange formal wedding vows and rings.
They consummate.
Their new found feelings for the next several months.
A ship arrives at the island  carrying unruly sailors  a proud captain  and his beautiful but spoiled daughter  Sylvia Hilliard.
The party is welcomed.
They ask to be taken back  after many years in isolation.
Sylvia tries to steal Richard and seduce him.
He realizes.
Tempted as he is.
Lilli is his heart and soul  upsetting Sylvia.
Richard angrily leaves Sylvia behind  in plain view of the landing party.
Meanwhile  a sailor ogles Lilli and drags her back to the house.
He tries to rape her and steal her pearl.
Richard comes.
The sailor opens fire.
Who flees.
Richard lures the sailor.
He apologizes to Lilli for hurting her.
She reveals.
She is pregnant.
They decide to stay and raise their child.
They feel their blissful life would not compare.
The ship departs and the two young lovers stay  and have their baby girl.
They name her Sarah.
<EOS>
This feminist Hong Kong film comprises three separate stories telling.
When they have more than one choice.
Fann Wong is a reporter.
Who falls while she s seeing her suave.
Meanwhile   Theresa Lee is about to marry  but falls for her fiance s twin brother.
And finally   Michelle Reis is stuck between Alex Fong and David Wu.
The other two women are.
<EOS>
This romantic fantasy is told in the story  the adults playing only supporting roles.
Daniel Latimer befriends the troublesome Ornshaw.
One day  Daniel falls with Melody Perkins.
They announce.
They want to get married.
Not sometime  but now.
However the adults  parents and teachers  alike try to dissuade them.
Ornshaw also does nt like this.
He feels that Melody is taking away his friend.
But later on  Ornshaw and other classmates help the young couple.
They reunite to marry the couple.
The teachers follow them and try to stop it.
The children go wild and make a car explode.
Melody and Daniel run away down the railway line with Ornshaw s help.
<EOS>
Danny Aiello stars.
Who has been living.
He still has a loyal fan base.
He returns to hear a pitch from a studio executive.
The movie turns out to be The Pickle  a science fiction film.
Harry immediately sells and agrees to direct the picture.
When the executive offers him a ton.
Most of the story takes place on the day of the new film s premiere.
Harry is reunited.
The movie explores these relationships  Harry s Parisian girlfriend also plays a major role.
-- he regrets selling out to make The Pickle  and fears -- the director spends time to enjoy the people in his life.
It will ruin his career.
Dialogue establishes several details  His biggest success was a Western called Blue Sands  his most recent film  Paradise Jack  was a hit with his fans  but trashed by the critics and a disappointment at the box office.
Harry had ambitions to make cinematic adaptations.
Funding fell through.
His dream project is to direct an epic starring Dustin Hoffman.
He angrily balks.
When a studio executive suggests updating the story.
A.
Barrio. 
The success leads the executive to greenlight the Cortez / Montezuma film.
Harry instead pitches a drama loosely mirroring the events of his own return to New York.
The movie featured -- also called The Pickle -- involves a group of farmers.
Who grow a pickle and convert it into a spaceship  which they fly into outer space.
They land to Earth.
Where one develops a romance with an advisor to the President of the United States.
The romance is ended.
When Sheedy decides that   she can not live on a planet where all food is made out of meat.
<EOS>
Two teenagers are stranded after a plane crash.
They must call to help them survive.
<EOS>
The leading man is killed during the filming.
They are all suspects.
He was involved.
Her boyfriend  reporter Franklyn Drew  begins a search.
When leading lady Marcia Lane is accused.
<EOS>
The neighborhood bully  Tuffy  played  is determined to lick every boy in the neighborhood.
He beats up one boy  makes  and makes.
Jay and Jackie stand.
Bonedust and Scooter bark.
Along comes Joe and Farina wearing bandages  and pretending to be too disabled to fight  but Tuffy beats them up anyway.
Joe and Farina encourage the boys to band together.
They then chase the bully off.
The gang retires to decide.
Who should finish the bully off.
Joe and Farina draw the unlucky lots and go looking.
Peggy tells them.
Tuffy has moved.
Joe and Farina return.
They beat Tuffy up and threw him.
<EOS>
Lyon Gaultier is a paratrooper.
His brother   is burned alive and suffers third-degree burns  dying shortly afterward.
Who is married.
Lyon deserts his legion and ultimately refuse to let him see his brother.
When they withhold letters.
He steals a jeep and escapes  finding work on a tramp steamer headed for the U.
S.
Meanwhile  the Legion commanding officer arrives.
S.
French Embassy  told.
Where he is.
The LAPD could not care less orders two of his own Legionnaires to do the job.
Lyon arrives and travels to California to be with his brother s family.
He meets Joshua  a man.
Who runs fights  and also learns that he can not avenge his brother s murder.
He failed to identify his killers.
Tagging along  Lyon meets Cynthia.
Who organizes underground fights and decides to sponsor him.
Figuring  Lyon fights.
This would be the best way to earn the money his family needs.
They reach L.
A.
He tracks down his brother s widow.
Who is reluctant to accept financial aid  even though she obviously needs it  because she is angry for deserting his brother years ago.
Lyon continues fighting.
Joshua poses.
Who delivers checks from an account her husband allegedly had left behind.
Joshua introduces Lyon in the fighting circuit as the titular Lionheart.
Meanwhile  the two Legionnaires catch up.
Lyon fights them off  but suffers a broken rib.
Cynthia decides to take advantage by stacking the odds in favor of a massive  brutal fighter named Attilla the Hun.
Who has so far been unbeatable.
She arranges to have Lyon handed over to the Legion soldiers.
He has been defeated thoroughly.
Lyon s fight is hampered by his broken rib.
Attilla s trademark is to let his opponent tire themselves  often killing them in the process.
Joshua begs Lyon to give up  revealing.
When it appears Attilla has won.
They were both used.
Joshua   placed all of his own money on Attilla as a form of insurance.
All the odds are.
Lyon  angered  bounces back and summons up all his remaining strength to defeat Atilla but spares his life.
The Legionnaires escort him back.
Where they give him some time to say his goodbyes  where he will be court martialed for desertion.
The Legionnaries decide to let Lyon go out of respect for his determination  will power  and personal integrity  both during the fight and in helping out his.
Ultimately  Lyon is able to go home and be a family man.
<EOS>
Nasim  a poor Afghan refugee  gives a demonstration in his town s square.
Where he rides his bicycle  with the aim of raising money for life-saving surgery for his dying wife.
Too fatigued to hear his son s and the crowd s pleas to get off his bicycle.
He continues to pedal endlessly.
<EOS>
Jimmy and Fletch are two friends living experiencing life problems.
Jimmy is dumped.
Fletch is fired as a clown.
They decide to escape their woes and hike they find on an old map.
They see a number.
They arrive  with Jimmy upset about Fletch destroying his phone.
Hoping to find more beautiful women inside  they are greeted and approached by a seemingly crazed vicar.
Who believes Jimmy is a long lost descendant.
They learn the students they saw.
The barman offers the two men free ale.
Earlier are going.
Where they are to stay the night.
Jimmy and Fletch pursue the students  bus  catching up.
The engine has broken down  and are introduced.
They are invited to join a party.
The group arrives  only to learn.
A curse rests and that every female child turns into a lesbian vampire on her eighteenth birthday.
There is an old legend stating.
The Vampire Queen  Carmilla  descended  killed its menfolk and seduced its women to her evil.
He discovered.
When the ruler returned from the Crusades.
One was his wife  Eva.
The baron forged a sacred sword  then defeated Carmilla.
Carmilla cursed the village  adding.
When the blood mixed with a virgin girl s blood  Carmilla would be resurrected.
Fletch and Jimmy spend the night.
Heidi  Anke and Trudi are turned.
They witness Trudi being turned.
Lotte insists that the others try to find her missing friends.
Eva  Carmilla s mistress  tries to draw Lotte.
The trio runs back and barricade themselves in.
The vampires destroy the bus.
Jimmy s ex-girlfriend Judi arrives.
Jimmy  not ready to give up  takes her into the bedroom.
Lotte reveals and wants to sleep with Jimmy.
She is a virgin.
The Vicar researches the vampire slayer.
Who killed Carmilla.
Judi reveals herself to be a vampire.
Fletch and Jimmy kill her.
The vampires approach the cottage.
Jimmy inadvertently invites them.
Eva discovers and kidnaps them.
Jimmy is the descendant and that Lotte is a virgin.
The Vicar saves Fletch and tells Fletch the truth about the village and Jimmy s identity.
They go in the Vicar s crucifix-covered car.
Fletch and the Vicar try to recover the sword.
The vampires prepare to sacrifice Lotte and Jimmy.
Killed Carmilla.
The Vicar checks  but does not notice.
Fletch works to open the tomb.
She has been turned.
Rebecca attempts to seduce Fletch.
Who does not know what she is.
She is inadvertently impaled.
When she attacks him.
Fletch decides not to tell the Vicar.
Lotte reveals her love for Jimmy.
The vampires begin draining the two.
Fletch and the Vicar drive to Carmilla s tomb.
They bring various weapons  but forget the sword.
When they enter the woods.
The pair reach Jimmy and Lotte.
The Vicar releases them  but not.
The Vicar sacrifices himself.
The others can get back.
Eva separates Lotte  attacking and seducing her.
Lotte fights back.
Fletch and Jimmy fetch weapons.
Lotte kills Eva  infuriating Carmilla.
Fletch tries to kill Carmilla  but is captured himself.
Lotte is turned.
Jimmy saves them.
The three survivors decide to continue ridding the world of evil.
The film ends.
<EOS>
Beti is a dancer.
She receives an offer to join a Cape Verde music show and start a new career there.
The offer unchains the deep-set Cape Verde conflict  identity built on the Diaspora century after century.
Doubts  nostalgia  uprooting  they all soar over her and accompany her decision.
The same dilemma  the yearning to leave  the yearning to return  Expressed and brought together.
Surrounds all Cape Verdeans.
<EOS>
Set  Roll Bounce tells the story of a boy named Xavier  leaving him with his father  Curtis and his sister  Sonya.
Whose mother has passed.
X and his friends are forced to skate.
The local roller rink closes down.
Tired  the group enters a roller disco contest.
Their biggest rivals are the 5-year champion  Sweetness and his crew  the Sweetwater Rollers.
The film centers.
It not only comes down to gaining the respect of others  but also learning to respect themselves and giving roller disco their all.
Supporting actors include Marcus T.
Paulk  Khleo Thomas  Nick Cannon  Rick Gonzalez  Charlie Murphy  Mike Epps  Brandon T.
Jackson  and Wayne Brady.
The soundtrack features Ray J  R.
Kelly  Chaka Khan  Beyonce  Earth  Wind & Fire  Brooke Valentine  Fabolous  Michelle Williams  and Shorty Mack.
<EOS>
The conceptual base are the poetic monologues read.
The monologues were read.
Whereas their author.
Vieru  has supposedly wrote them.
Adapted music videos appear in all different kinds of scenery from Kazakh desert to Bukovinian rich green villages  passing by beautiful Crimean Black Sea and Lithuanian Baltic Sea shorelines.
Sofia Rotaru performs personally without double stunt performers  namely the role of windsurfer in love  singing the song Amor in Moldavian language.
<EOS>
Kris Fowles goes to meet with her boyfriend  Dean Russell   wearing a red and green sweater  a fedora and a clawed glove on his hand.
Who falls asleep and meets a man covered in burn scars.
The burned man cuts Dean s throat.
It appears.
Dean is cutting his own throat as his friend  waitress Nancy Holbrook  looks on.
Kris sees a photograph of her and Dean as children  but can not recall ever knowing Dean before high school.
Kris begins to dream and refuses to go to sleep for fear.
She will die.
Jesse Braun  Kris s ex-boyfriend  shows up.
She sleeps.
Kris meets the burned man and is murdered.
Covered  Jesse runs to Nancy s house to try to explain.
What happened.
He learns  Freddy Krueger.
Nancy has been having dreams.
Jesse is apprehended under suspicion of murdering Kris  and is killed by Krueger.
When he falls asleep.
Nancy begins to question.
What everyone s connection is  given that none of them can remember each other before their teenage years.
Eventually  Nancy and her friend Quentin Smith discover.
All attended the same preschool together.
Nancy s mother  Gwen  reluctantly tells Nancy and Quentin.
There was a gardener.
Gwen explains.
Nancy was his favorite  and that she came home one day telling her mother.
Gwen claims.
Krueger skipped town before he was arrested.
Nancy does not believe her and attempts to track down the remaining kids.
Nancy eventually discovers.
All have been killed  most of them in their sleep.
Meanwhile  Quentin tries to accept.
His nightmares are nothing more than repressed memories.
He falls asleep.
What really happened.
Quentin sees everyone s parents hunt  and then burn him alive.
Quentin and Nancy confront Quentin s father  Alan Smith.
He had committed any crime.
Thus  Nancy and Quentin believe.
Krueger wants revenge for lying as children.
Nancy and Quentin begin sporadically dreaming.
They are still awake.
To try to stop Krueger  they decide to go and learn.
What they can.
Nancy falls asleep and is attacked by Krueger.
They discover.
When Quentin wakes her up.
She has pulled a piece out of the dreamworld and into reality.
Quentin takes Nancy  there  he steals some adrenaline and a syringe to help them stay awake.
Nancy and Quentin eventually make it.
Quentin uncovers Krueger s hidden room and the evidence  they realize.
Proves Krueger was.
Krueger actually wants revenge for telling the truth.
Nancy decides the only way to end.
This is to pull Krueger out and kill him in reality.
Quentin tries to stay awake long enough to pull Nancy out.
When she has Krueger.
He falls asleep and is attacked.
Krueger then goes  and explains.
He intentionally left her so she would stay awake long enough that  when she finally fell asleep  she would no longer be able to wake up.
Quentin uses the adrenaline to wake up Nancy.
Nancy struggles.
Who pulls Krueger.
Nancy uses a broken paper cutter blade to cut Krueger s gloved hand off  and then slice his throat.
Afterward  Nancy torches the secret room.
She and Quentin leave.
Nancy and her mother return home  Krueger suddenly appears in a mirror s reflection and kills Nancy s mother before pulling her body through the mirror.
Nancy screams.
<EOS>
A family buys a house.
The only problem is.
It was built.
The developers deny.
The graveyard exists.
The family starts out to prove the graveyard theory.
The body count grows.
<EOS>
An infectious virus has spread worldwide  killing almost everyone.
Two brothers  Brian and Danny  along  Kate  are heading to Turtle Beach in the southwestern United States  a secluded beach motel.
Where they believe they can wait to die out and so they can start a new life.
There  they meet a man  Frank  and his infected young daughter Jodie.
Their car breaks down.
The four end up returning  and are forced to take Frank and Jodie to a nearby high school.
Order to acquire his jeep.
Where a serum is rumored to have been developed.
They discover.
The serum does nt work.
The only doctor still alive is about to commit suicide.
Meanwhile  Bobby is accidentally infected while trying to help her.
When she coughs blood.
She hides her infection.
Brian leaves Frank and Jodie behind and takes their car.
They stop at a golf course hotel.
Brian kisses her and inadvertently infects himself.
The golf course is being used by a small group of armed survivalists.
Who ambush and capture the group.
They declare their intent to keep the girls.
They discover Bobby s rashes and bruises and force them away.
They force the girls to disrobe to check them.
Kate stresses.
They will end up dead if Bobby continues to travel.
Brian ends up leaving a weeping Bobby behind.
They almost run out but encounter two women heading in the opposite direction to them.
Danny asks.
They refuse.
A desperate Brian shoots them but not before one of the women shoots Brian in the leg.
Brian later breaks down.
Order to keep everyone alive.
Danny discovers.
His brother is also infected.
Danny shoots Brian and burns his mask and infected body.
Afterward  Danny and Kate reach Turtle Beach.
Danny realizes.
The place that had seemed so special to them as kids is now empty.
<EOS>
Stage and screen star Tony Hunter  a veteran  is concerned.
His career might be.
His good friends is perfect.
Lester and Lily Marton have written a stage show that they believe.
Tony signs up   changes the light comedy into a dark reinterpretation of the Faust legend  with himself as the Devil and Tony as the Faust character.
Tony also feels intimidated  noted ballerina Gabrielle Gaby Gerard.
Unbeknownst  she is just as insecure in his presence  awed by his long stardom.
Eventually  it all proves too much.
He walks out  but Gaby speaks.
They work out their differences.
They also begin to fall.
She already has a commitment.
Tony persuades Jeffrey to let him convert the production back.
When the first out-of-town tryout proves to be a disaster.
What the Martons had originally envisioned.
Tony takes charge  taking the show on tour to perfect the new lighthearted musical numbers.
Tony finances it.
The original backers have walked out.
Byrd walks out.
Gaby remains.
The revised show proves to be a hit.
Afterwards  Gaby lets.
Tony know how she feels.
<EOS>
Already the most powerful man  Maximilien Robespierre wants to become the nation s dictator.
He summons Francois Barras  the only man.
Who can nominate him.
Barras refuses to do so and goes.
Meanwhile  patriot Charles DAubigny secretly kills and impersonates Duval  the bloodstained prosecutor.
Who had been summoned by Robespierre for some unknown purpose.
Neither Robespierre nor Fouche  the chief  have met Duval before.
The substitution goes undetected.
Robespierre informs DAubigny.
His black book  containing the names  has been stolen.
Robespierre s numerous foes are kept by the uncertainty of.
Whether their names are.
They would band together.
They were to learn that they are.
He gives DAubigny authority over everyone  save himself  and 24 hours to retrieve the book.
DAubigny meets Barras.
Whom DAubigny once loved.
However  he was followed.
Barras is arrested.
DAubigny finds himself  but manages to allay the suspicions of both sides.
He has betrayed them.
He goes to visit Barras  and informs him.
Three have been murdered.
Strangely  their rooms had not been ransacked to search  leading DAubigny to surmise.
It was never stolen  and that Robespierre is using the alleged theft to distract his foes.
Saint-Just  still suspicious  sends.
Madelon sends a friend to pretend to be Madame Duval and extricates her former lover.
DAubigny returns to look for the book.
News gets out.
There he encounters the opportunistic Fouche.
Who is seemingly willing to sell out his master.
However  Fouche tries to stab him.
When DAubigny finds the book.
DAubigny strangles him.
He and Madelon hide out.
Their location is extracted.
A nighttime chase ensues.
DAubigny gets away.
Madelon is caught  taken back  and tortured.
She refuses to talk.
Fouche shows up and offers to trade Madelon.
The Convention is about to convene the next day.
DAubigny turns him down.
The book is passed to hand among the delegates.
Thus   the crowd turns instead.
When Robespierre arrives to denounce Barras.
He nearly brings the mob.
Fouche has his henchman shoot Robespierre  silencing him.
Robespierre is taken to meet Madame Guillotine.
DAubigny searches Robespierre s office  finds a secret room  and rescues Madelon.
Fouche meets an army officer.
The man replies  Bonaparte.
When asked his name.
Napoleon Bonaparte.
Fouche promises to remember the name.
<EOS>
Los Angeles cop Stan Zedkov injures and kills a criminal narcotics dealer  Peter Wei.
Looking hires trained assassin John Lee to murder Zedkov s adolescent son Stevie.
Lee s conscience makes it difficult.
Him to pull the trigger.
He later decides to abandon the plot.
Infuriated  Wei instructs a new pair to finish the job.
Wei also directs his other henchmen to kill Lee s mother and sister for his act of disobedience.
Aware  Lee seeks the help of a skilled professional  Meg Coburn  to create a forged passport.
Lee intends to leave the country.
Order to protect his family who have been moved.
<EOS>
It is clear.
Football has become part.
It is a religion  it is a phenomenon.
Promotes an inexplicable passion.
<EOS>
This time a lie detector  his two brothers Fiddler and Fifer Pig go swimming.
Practical Pig is hard building a new anti-Wolf contraption.
Oblivious  they are soon captured by the Big Bad Wolf.
Who disguises himself to entice the two hapless porkers and then catching them in a net.
They then lie.
They ll wait with Practical.
But as soon  they prepare to make Fiddler & Fifer.
He leaves.
Practical sees right and sees an excellent chance to try out his new invention.
The welcome mat drops in.
He falls  screaming  below.
He is next seen strapped  helpless against the technology of the resourceful.
The Wolf lies.
When interrogated about the whereabouts of his brothers.
The machine goes.
The Wolf s words are played back.
Bulbs light up.
An alarm bell sounds.
Steam is pumped out  chemicals bubble and churn  electricity sizzles  and finally an indicator points to LIE and two whistles blow.
The Wolf gets his mouth washed out by a scrubbing brush.
The second time he lies  the chair spins around  his pants are pulled down.
He is sitting in.
He is given a spanking.
The third time  the Wolf tries to fool the machine.
Practical are pals  but the lie detector sees.
The Wolf ends up getting the works.
Meanwhile   the Three Little Wolves are about to bake Fifer & Fiddler in the finished pork pie.
The two pigs remind them.
Which the young wolves dismiss.
But one says.
They forgot the pepper and add it.
The lid unexpectedly comes off however.
The pepper gets everywhere  causing the inevitable result from the pigs  such.
It blows the crust right off  splatting them against the far wall.
The pigs then escape and rush back.
The Lie Detector machine punishes the Wolf harder and harder.
The indicator points to TRUTH.
A mechanical bird plays a harp.
Which point he tells the truth.
He is then shot right out with a rocket stuck up his shirt.
Practical prepares to go save his brothers.
Fiddler and Fifer have since managed to escape  and return home safe and sound  slamming the door right into Practical and embedding him in the wall.
The two pigs play innocent and tell him they did nt go swimming.
When scolded against defying his orders.
But the lie detector springs  Fiddler and Fifer are flipped over with their trunks pulled down.
The two storytellers are soundly spanked.
Practical tells them Remember  this hurts me worse.
Fiddler and Fifer are being spanked.
It does you.
The machine takes him literally.
<EOS>
The film begins.
It is narrated.
The family is very poor  and living.
Frances Lacey  a widow  works.
She is fired.
When one gropes her.
She hits him.
The same day  her son is brought home  for stealing change from payphones.
They do nt press charges.
Frances decides.
LA is not the place to raise a family.
She packs the kids up  sells everything  and starts driving.
They ca nt carry.
She figures.
She ll know where she s going when she sees it.
Frances trades her wedding ring to pay.
When the car breaks down.
She claims.
It does not have sentimental value  and calls her husband.
However  she is clearly upset.
It s.
When they finally stop.
She has seen the house she wants.
It s a shack  really  and a half-built one.
She sees potential there.
The owner is reluctant to sell  especially.
The Lacey family clearly has no money.
Frances is stubborn and persuades him.
She offers to clean his dishes and wash his laundry and have her children do any other chores.
He reluctantly agrees  but soon finds joy.
He eventually tells Frances.
The house was supposed to be.
He never finished it though.
His son died.
Shayne gets a Love Interest.
She does have a Boyfriend.
One has gotten a job helping a man.
Who owns a salvage shop.
He gets used items  like couches  or French doors   and brings home any items.
Can help.
All are helping to improve the home.
Shayne has to carry his brother halfway  before meeting them on the road.
When their youngest brother falls onto on a nail one day while Mr Munimura is fetching Frances from town.
Eventually Frances gets a job.
Where she is very happy.
Here the townspeople get to know the Lacey Family.
The family goes to buy clothes.
When school starts.
The priest tries to get them to come.
They are not very religious.
He also offers Frances weekly food donations and other assistance.
She refuses.
She is too proud to accept charity  especially.
Who is condescending.
She gets most upset.
When he specifically calls her family needy.
Though they are.
The children have trouble.
Their clothes are obviously second hand.
Some are handmade.
Shane is not allowed to participate.
He needs a white shirt.
His only one got dyed pink.
Frances tells the children.
When Christmas rolls around.
They should all ask Santa.
They write the letter.
Shane is certain.
Frances has plans to get them some real presents anyway.
Lynn knits socks.
The other children buy her a shirt.
She liked.
The priest comes and offers Frances presents for the needy family.
Again  she refuses his help.
Morning  all they have are tools and nails instead of toys.
The children really thought.
They would get something more and begin to cry.
Shane gets very upset and tells his mother.
All she cares about is the stupid house  and not.
Mr Munimura comes over.
As she is about to hit Shane.
He takes her to see.
The church has any presents left.
There are none.
The same night  Frances goes out  one of the men.
Shane goes.
Who works.
He takes her.
Frances is offended and refuses him.
He tries to force her inside  grabbing her arm  and says.
He can make her do what he wants.
She says.
You can try.
The scene cuts.
When Shayne is returning home.
Shayne sees and has a cut lip and bloody nose.
She is crying.
Inside he helps to clean her up.
They talk.
She tells Shane.
His father was a great man.
He was never mean  but  she has only been able to find bastards.
Since he died.
Who want to take advantage.
The next day  Shayne goes and sees Norm flirting with another woman.
Shayne tackles him  accusing him.
The two fight call for the Sheriff.
Norm pushes Shane.
Where Shane asks him how he got the scratches.
Norm responds.
She fights out.
Later  Frances arrives.
She has to quit.
What he did.
The boss tells her.
Norm has been fired  and that if he was the only problem  then he hopes she has no reason to quit.
One day Murray brings home an indoor toilet.
The family is excited.
They have been using an out house.
The next day  the boys decide to burn down the outhouse.
A spark catches the canvas roof.
The entire thing burns.
The fire department arrived too late to do anything.
The family is picking.
Whatever else they can.
When Mr Munimura comes driving up.
Are lots of people from town.
They are there to build the Lacey family a house.
Whether Frances likes it or not.
She says.
They can help.
She will pay all back.
They also bring toys  clothes  and blankets.
Frances only lets them build the house as far.
It was.
Shane  narrating  says.
It took them six months to finish the rest to pay everyone back  but that it brought them all closer together as a family.
He still lives there  and has never been back.
Though he hated Idaho.
<EOS>
Radio  a 23 year old mentally disabled young man  pushes a shopping cart.
He is attracted.
The team members abuse Radio.
The team s coach - taking pity  both for his disability and his enthusiasm - asks him to help.
The team s coach reprimands them  and delivers Radio.
Where Radio s mother is introduced.
It is also revealed.
Radio s father passed away a few years before.
Coach Jones begins to spend more and more time.
Worries the fathers.
Concerned  one  suggests.
The coach stop associating  as he views the boy as merely a distraction to his own son s success.
Coach Jones is resistant.
It is later discovered.
This resistance was partially induced during his childhood in which the Coach did not do anything to help a mentally retarded boy who was locked under a house.
Radio eventually begins schooling.
It is apparent.
He never completed formal schooling.
Radio eventually learns to read.
Radio is also bullied  the son of Frank  and tricked into entering the girls locker room  among other things.
However   Johnny gains respect  and begins to doubt his father s impressions about Radio.
Radio refuses to tell the administration who told him to do it.
Radio is mistakenly arrested.
A police officer believes that Radio stole the presents  when they were presents given to Radio by the townspeople.
However  the officer does nt know this.
The mistake is eventually righted  but amidst the confusion  Radio s mother also suddenly dies.
Radio is still able to graduate from eleventh grade  and support from so many.
Because. 
Who had been kind after he was kind to them.
The film ends.
Who is now.
<EOS>
Sugar Bear  a streetwise detective  is brought to New York City by its chief of police to take down Big Baby Sweets  a notorious crime lord  and his personal security ninja Hack Benjamin.
Who controls the entirety Big Stank and Lil  Poot.
Sugar Bear prevents a robbery of a local doughnut shop by one of Big Baby Sweets  thugs  Ape Boy  and begins a romance with a 300-pound stripper  Missy.
He soon arrests Big Baby Sweets  Big Stank and Lil  Poot himself.
The police are forced to let them go.
The gangsters retaliate.
Sugar Bear s idol  Dolemite  appears.
Him to reassure him and begin training him to bring down Sweets  evil empire.
Sugar Bear kills the Magic Ninjas and Hack Benjamin  and has Big Stank.
Lil  Poot carted off before defeating another one of Big Baby Sweets  henchmen  Cactus Sac  in a wrestling match.
Sweets is shot by his mother.
Sugar Bear removes Sweets  face paint  revealing him to be Harry Cox.
<EOS>
Tom Witzky is a phone lineman living with his pregnant wife Maggie and his son Jake.
Who possesses the ability to commune.
One evening  Tom challenges Maggie s sister Lisa  a believer in paranormal activity and psychic telepathy  to hypnotize him.
Lisa plants a post-hypnotic suggestion in Tom urging him to be more.
Tom then begins experiencing visions.
Who he later learns.
Disappeared six months prior.
Jake is overheard.
Tom and Maggie attend a high school football game.
He speaks.
Debbie gets upset and snatches Jake  running off in the night.
Meanwhile  Tom senses Jake is but finds him gone.
Tom then sees strange flashes.
Eventually leads him where Debbie is speaking with her mother about Jake.
Debbie angrily questions them  explaining.
When Tom and Maggie confront her.
Thus  a child s tendency to trust strangers.
Tom denies knowing her  but admits to Maggie.
She s the girl.
Tom becomes obsessed and begins probing members of the community about her disappearance.
This attracts the attention.
Who all dismiss Samantha.
Jake and Maggie encounter a policeman named Neil.
Who immediately recognizes Jake s unique talent and invites Tom to learn more about it.
Maggie withholds her conversation and goes to the meeting herself.
Where Neil tells her the spirit that contacted Tom has asked and will continue to get upset if it does nt get done.
Samantha begins plaguing Tom  eventually leading.
Predicted. 
He goes back demanding she undo.
What she did.
He s told to dig.
When she hypnotizes him.
Tom complies and begins digging holes.
Eventually tears up the house to appease Samantha.
Tom inadvertently knocks down a shoddy brick wall and discovers.
Maggie and Jake attend her grandmother s wake.
Samantha s decomposed remains wrapped.
He receives a vision showing him.
Before his family moved in  Adam and Kurt lured Samantha to rape her.
They unintentionally suffocated her and hid her body.
When she resisted.
Tom brings Frank and admits.
Adam and Kurt had already confided their secret.
Frank pulls out a gun and demands to be alone.
He hears a single shot and assumes Frank committed suicide.
Tom leaves the basement.
Harry and Kurt suddenly show up.
Harry   voices displeasure with the torn up house.
They corner Tom  but Maggie arrives back home.
Harry takes her hostage.
Frank suddenly emerges and shoots both Kurt and Harry in order to save Tom and Maggie.
Tom then notices Samantha s spirit putting  and smiling.
She walks down the road and disappears.
Afterwards  the family packs up a U-Haul and moves out.
Meanwhile  Samantha s mother and sister are finally able to give her a proper funeral and burial.
Tom and Maggie smile happily.
They drive away.
Jake  however  tries to cover his ears to drown out the sound.
<EOS>
Lon Rambeau sends his daughter Elizabeth Rambeau away from London to Napa Valley  California to visit Lon s father Philippe Rambeau and Phillipe s sister Martha Fairon  owners of vast vineyards and a grand estate.
Philippe and Martha welcome Elizabeth lavishly  then reveal the real reason  her betrothal  unknown to Elizabeth  between her and her cousin  Andre Swann.
Continuing his explanation  John points out his house nearby.
Where his invalid mother Charlotte now lives  and says that he now knows that Martha s husband is his real father  even though everyone claims that Charlotte s late husband had been the biological father.
John then takes the speechless Elizabeth and kisses her.
She pulls away and runs.
The next day  John gets by insisting.
They ignore Prohibition laws and sell their grapes.
Philippe   insists.
Who loves John.
He will continue until the time comes to sell them legally.
John volunteers to show Elizabeth  bitterly pointing out the vast stores of wine going to waste.
She once again pulls away.
When he asks her and tries to kiss her again.
One flirts with John.
They wander the estate.
Back  Martha spirits Elizabeth away to a lunch with Andre.
Who is quite comfortable.
Meeting  John tells them.
He will make them rich.
Some insist on gaining Philippe s approval first.
Ignoring them  John leaves to meet with the syndicate -- soon and force the growers to sign contracts.
Thugs arrive.
The growers  now grown rich with the Chicago syndicate  welcome him warmly.
When John returns to Napa months later.
John meets the growers.
Where he finds Buz sitting.
They all watch Elizabeth and Andre dance.
John once again romances.
Elizabeth  who  hoping to dissuade his interest  reveals that her father had sent her away from England because she had been involved in a torrid love affair with a cruel man.
She now desires a safe marriage.
A jealous John accuses her.
She slaps him.
John then turns to Buz  convincing her to leave Luigi and drive off with him.
Later  Andre drives Elizabeth home.
Where he confesses that he is growing to love her.
Martha  aware of Elizabeth s ambivalent feelings over John  confronts her about her past  urging her to marry Andre.
He realizes he is getting damaged goods.
John returns home and tells his mother.
He will leave the next day.
The next day loves him.
Elizabeth  having had a change  races off to see John before his train leaves -- she finds him at the station and tells him she.
Thrilled  John insists.
She wait.
A few months later  a pregnant Buz shows up.
The baby is John s -- Buz and her father blackmail Philippe.
Elizabeth  nearby  hears all  and collapses.
Martha directs Buz to tell Luigi.
The baby is his.
Buz and Luigi soon marry  but she fights.
When they want to name the baby Cesare.
She wants to name the baby  John.
Months pass.
Martha tries to convince an impatient Andre to wait to set a wedding date.
Elizabeth is up with Philippe  listening to him explain.
When John finally returns.
This is sacred ground  as it was his first plot of land.
His beloved wife is buried here.
Martha greets John coldly and warns him.
He must now conduct business  because Philippe is ill.
They can make millions.
There  Philippe  horrified  commands him to leave  she knows the truth about Buz s baby.
Does Elizabeth  who tells him.
Protesting  John races away  accidentally throwing a lit cigarette  starting a blaze.
He can prove that Buz has lied.
The fire is noticed  it is too late.
The out-of-control wildfire destroys most.
Unaware rushes to Buz s house.
Where mother-in-law Griffanti   figures out that John is her grandson s actual father.
S urging  attacks John.
Buz agrees that she will tell Elizabeth that the baby is not John s  Luigi.
John manages to get away.
Luigi pulls out a gun and shoots him.
John is diagnosed with temporary partial paralysis --  he turns away from her bitterly.
When Elizabeth visits to beg his forgiveness.
Soon  he is able to walk.
Where he tells his uncle Francis and mother Charlotte that he knows.
John takes the blame -- in return  he forgives the two of them for their deceit  and asks for their forgiveness in exchange.
Months later  Philippe dies  and matriarch Martha gathers.
Philippe has divided the estate equally between his children and grandchildren -- he also leaves the mountain orchard to John  the valley vineyards to the still-unmarried Elizabeth  and nothing to Martha.
Both she and her husband Francis realize.
Martha is greatly pained.
Now she will finally be more interested.
John has restored his mountain orchard to health.
One day  Elizabeth joins him.
They graft the valley  declaring their love.
Cutting with mountain strength  and  finally  fall into each other s arms.
<EOS>
Harry Van  an American World War I veteran  tries to reenter show biz and ends up.
He is courted.
Giving performances.
Who claims to come and hopes both to replace Harry s drunken partner in the show and be his lover.
They have a romantic night.
He is suspicious.
Harry  keeping Zuleika  and Irene s troupe board trains going the next day.
Twenty years later   Harry is the impresario and co-performer with Les Blondes  a dance group of six women on a trip through Europe.
They get.
Taking a train to Switzerland.
Stranded in an unnamed  belligerent country when borders get suddenly closed as war becomes imminent.
The passengers watch.
Dozens take off from an air field at the bottom of the picturesque valley and fly away in formation.
Harry meets Irene  a glamorous platinum blonde with an exaggerated Russian accent.
Who is traveling.
Harry s casual innuendos show.
She claims never to have been.
He is convinced that she is the acrobat he knew there and believes that she recognizes him too.
An agitated pacifist rants.
He says.
Just started  and describes how the planes they saw disappear over the spectacular snowy mountains will be killing thousands of people in other countries.
The pacifist is hauled away and shot.
Who associates while they wait at the hotel.
An upset Irene explodes and tells Weber.
The truth -LSB- she has -RSB- always wanted to tell.
She blames him.
Whose victims - - might include the newlywed English couple.
Weber sells.
The Swiss border opens again the next day.
The people are able to continue on their journeys.
They learn.
They had better be off as soon as possible  because foreign countries are likely to retaliate today and bomb the air field near the hotel  which could get hit by mistake.
Irene finds out.
Everyone rushes to leave.
Weber has decided to dump her when he refuses to vouch to Capt.
Kirvline  she must stay.
Who tells Irene.
Having escorted his Les Blondes  Harry returns to stay with Irene.
She admits.
She is the woman he met twenty years ago and still loves him.
Harry talks.
They hear approaching planes and are told to run.
Irene declares.
She does not want to die.
A bomb partly destroys the hotel and blocks their escape.
Harry tries to take her there anyway.
The ending shown replaced the hymn from the play with Harry and Irene talking about their plans for the future in hopes to divert their minds from the bombs exploding outside the lobby windows.
Harry rehearses the secret code.
Irene watched him use.
The Alpine valley turns serene once more  Irene excitedly describes their future act together.
Harry begins to play the damaged piano.
The film s ending  does not go as far .
It takes a -RSB- lighter and more romantic course.
<EOS>
Inspector Amar is an honest and dedicated police officer.
Who discovers that underworld don Brijbhan is behind all the terrorist activities.
He also discovers and are secretly working.
Some have been corrupted.
To help him he sets out to bring together two warring gang leaders.
Karim and Hari and.
Karim and Hari are longtime enemies.
Who constantly fight.
Once Amar persuades them to put aside their differences.
They join him.
Amar and Karim wage a war  aided by Hari and others.
<EOS>
The story revolves.
Who are murdered by three young perpetrators.
The event results  symbolized by the fast  counter-clockwise movement of hands on the house s many clocks.
Eventually  this leads.
Who subsequently seek to terrorize the three burglars.
<EOS>
The film takes the plot and places it in the Republic of Texas during the 19th century.
Stewart stars to King Lear.
Lear divides his property among his daughters only to be rejected by them.
They have it.
<EOS>
Ward stars  monsters and mythical beasts stalk the back alleys  zombies are used.
1940s hardboiled private detective Phillip Lovecraft.
Everyone -- -- uses magic every day.
Yet  cars  telephones and other modern technology also exist.
<EOS>
The film opens and closes.
A German industrialist  Hans Wieck  returns with his family on the occasion of his 80th birthday having been stationed there during World War II.
Szabo s.
Hans regales his family and friends to the restaurant before and during the war.
Beef Rolls he suddenly collapses Gloomy Sunday being played  at his request  by two musicians.
He relishes his favorite dish.
He sees a portrait.
He dies.
This portrait is the device.
Which the film travels back to Budapest just before the war.
Back  Ilona hire a young pianist  Andras  to play in their restaurant.
Andras falls.
She still maintains a lover s relationship.
Andras is inspired to write the song Gloomy Sunday.
A young Hans takes the picture and asks her to marry him.
She refuses him.
Later that night Hans tries to commit suicide  but Laszlo saves him.
Hans returns.
The resulting song soon becomes feared.
Gloomy Sunday is recorded and though very popular.
Seems to trigger a series.
Andras comes to regret writing the song and nearly attempts suicide himself but is stopped.
He can take a small vial.
Andras  Laszlo and Ilona form a tenuous though.
Touching personal and professional relationship in which both men share the love.
It has its problems  as articulated to Ilona during an argument  you ve got all.
He is having in front of her  Easy for you.
You need.
You have two men.
Each only half a woman.
Nazi Germany captures Budapest and Hans returns.
He is now an SS officer and responsible camps  however  he uses his position to save the wealthiest Jews in exchange for large gifts of goods and money.
One night brings a fellow SS officer to Szabos and insists.
Andras play his fateful composition.
Andras refuses but is compelled to do.
When Ilona begins to sing the words  something she has told him she would never do unless she were alone.
Kills himself.
When the song is.
Puts the restaurant.
They bury Andras  Laszlo and Ilona pledge their love.
Hans promises to protect Laszlo from being rounded up for special treatment.
However   Laszlo is arrested and sent to be transferred to a concentration camp.
The Russians are closing in.
Ilona hurries.
He promises to do  making it clear that she must sleep to seal the bargain.
A tearful Ilona submits to save her lover.
Hans betrays them  passing Laszlo and saving another Jew a large ransom.
Whose family had already paid him.
The historical section ends with the revelation of Ilona s pregnancy.
She speaks at his grave  leaving the audience unsure who might be the father of her child.
Back  media reporters are paying tribute to the deceased Hans.
He is being put and driven away in a hearse.
Ironically  Hans Wieck is being remembered not only as a wealthy industrialist but also as someone.
Who saved a thousand Hungarian Jews.
The middle-age waiter at Szabos pours two glasses of champagne and returns to the kitchen.
Where an older Ilona is washing out the bottle.
Her son congratulates her with the song Gloomy Sunday playing in the background.
<EOS>
Vaikundam Soorya Narayana Iyer  a normal business executive leads a normal family life along.
One day.
Order to capture an escaped pet parrot.
His mind undergoes severe strain.
A couple later  he foresees a train accident with exact train number  and time of incident and warns the railway authorities.
But failing to take his warning  a huge accident takes place killing more than a hundred passengers.
A couple later  Iyer foresees a terrible airplane accident and informs the authorities about a future bombing at a flight in Delhi.
A huge accident was blocked  making Iyer to hit headlines.
Iyer gets an insight.
Iyer contacts Amala  a new reporter  ending up the business empire.
Who brings out this incident.
Gabria vows to avenge Iyer  and plants a bomb killing his entire family.
Iyer kills Gabrias  but is shot and admitted in hospital.
He makes.
Predicts the setting on Thursday.
But Amala realizes.
It was Iyer who is going to die.
The police offers severe protection.
But a terrorist group successfully enters.
<EOS>
Meeper and the ChubbChubbs want a home.
They fall.
When they land.
The sake was in Meeper s hands.
Meanwhile  a mean little boy changes him  confusing Meeper.
One is taken by Brad.
When Meeper gets.
Puzzled  Brad tries to find the opening.
When puts it.
Meeper finds out and picks up the biggest ChubbChubb.
The creatures finally get.
There wish  a trailer.
The ChubbChubbs eat the house  causing them to go back home.
<EOS>
The film follows young Paul Baumer.
Who I enlists in the Imperial German Army with many of his high school friends.
The enthusiastic young men board a troop train bound for the front lines.
Ominously   they notice another train arriving in town loaded with wounded returning soldiers.
Who are carried off.
Once  they are placed under the supervision of a pragmatic  yet good-natured older soldier  Stanislaus Katzinsky  called Kat.
Kat teaches them.
To best take cover.
To find extra food  and other survival skills.
The film focuses  particularly the horrors endured by the young men serving in it.
The French and German armies are shown attacking each other repeatedly over a few hundred yards of torn  corpse-strewn land.
Paul s weak friend attended.
Franz Kemmerich is wounded  and soon dies.
Is shown.
Paul returns to the trenches with his troop.
Paul stabs.
When a French soldier falls.
The man  then after spending the night with him  tries to bandage the dying soldier s wounds  after which he dies.
Paul escapes the crater feeling terrible.
What he has done.
It reflects.
Another comrade   is carried off by the medics to a slow  suffering death  the medics had appeared.
Kat could give him mercy.
The troop s panicked horses  terrified  shriek hysterically.
They are surrounded.
They see.
When Paul and his battalion return.
The new recruits have grown younger and younger.
The leader of these new recruits is their recently demoted training officer  Himmelstoss.
They stand up  leaving him frustrated.
When Himmelstoss tries to make them obey him.
Later   he sees a squad cowering in a crater.
The Germans are launching an offensive attack.
Includes Himmelstoss.
Paul pushes Himmelstoss to force him to keep.
The vast majority are horrific.
Paul and two of his friends do have their first experience of sex.
One  practically all of Paul s other schoolmate friends die  one way or another.
A haughty  stiff Kaiser Wilhelm II visits their camp to ceremoniously pin medals.
Includes Himmelstoss.
Paul s squad is attacked to the front.
Another is severely wounded.
Paul   is granted leave.
Who is also wounded.
Paul is told.
When home.
Their bedridden mother  is dying.
Paul realizes.
His town s older men   have no sense of the horrors they have sent their youth to.
He also visits Kemmerich s mother and lies.
He did not suffer.
Kat is wounded by an artillery burst and Paul carries his larger  heavier  older friend many miles to a field hospital.
There he finds out  having been killed to the head.
Kat is dead.
Paul was carrying him.
Few miles before he reached the church.
The film ends.
Who is now an amputee.
He reveals the fate  some are dead  some are missing  one was caught after deserting  one is mad.
He and Paul are the only ones left.
He goes to check  guarding the trench  taking the position of the most experienced man on the battlefield.
When he finishes.
Kat was.
He spots a bird and begins to sketch it.
Paul stands up more  to see.
When the bird starts to fly away.
Where it went  exposing himself.
A lone sniper s shot rings out  killing him.
A telegram is shown to the viewer  revealing an infamous segment from a report issued by the German High Command.
It also shows.
Close Baumer had come.
<EOS>
Parvathi is an elder daughter.
Who is the primary bread earner.
Her aim is bring up her family position and marry off all her sisters.
Include a dumb girl.
So she spents her whole life and struggles hard to educate her brother Suresh and make him doctor.
That he can lend her helping hand.
She smiles.
She works hard.
When she meets a man whom she has a liking.
Her circumstances prevent her moving further.
Manoharilal an aged rich man and father wants to marry again and searches for bride and keeps an eye on Parvati.
A proposal is raised on his behalf.
Which Suresh and Parvati s mother does not accept even though he has money.
But Parvati accepts the proposal.
Her family position will improve if she marries him.
Suresh tries his level best to make her.
She does not accept it.
Parvati marries Manoharilal and steps.
Manoharilal s family does not welcome Parvati due to step-mother fear.
Who are.
Suresh worries.
Parvati manages win the love.
Parvati spends most.
This irritates her husband.
So she behaves.
Is liked but not liked by herself.
He doubts on the fidelity of his wife and assumes.
She has affair and tortures her.
Suresh and Manoharilal s sister gets attracted.
It is strongly opposed.
Hence he stops aiding Suresh s education but somehow Manoharilal s sister manages money by getting money from a man.
She frequently visits a hotel.
Suresh passes.
Manoharilal arranges.
The groom looks and is shocked.
He has seen her frequently coming and assumes that she is a dirty woman earning money in dirty way.
This shocks Parvati and Manoharilal.
But the actual fact is the money.
Is provided.
She also finds.
He married is dumb sister.
Manoharilal realises his mistake and unites his sister.
All live happily.
<EOS>
The movie begins don Billa  featured on Interpol s criminal list  hiding and operating out of Malaysia.
ACP Krishnamoorthy has spent the last few years looking  leaving behind a life in India.
Billa is severely wounded after an accident and dies in front of the ACP.
The ACP then secretly holds a burial.
Interpol Officer Dharmendra is assigned to work to capture the elusive Billa as no-one knows of Billa s death.
The ACP keeps the death as a secret even from his fellow officers  and tracks down a look-alike called Swami Ranga  a petty thief based in Visakhapatnam.
He asks Ranga to infiltrate Billa s gang.
He will make sure.
The children Ranga adopted  Lakshmi and Sreenu  get a proper education.
The ACP trains Ranga and sends him back as a person.
Who has lost his memory.
Slowly Ranga starts to learn and even speaks to Devil  Billa s boss  on the phone.
Ranga provides a pen drive to the ACP.
He is about to be killed.
Priya were killed.
The ACP arrives and tells her.
He is Ranga and not Billa.
She begins to assist Ranga and the ACP in their mission and soon falls in love with Ranga.
Ranga secretly provides information to the ACP about a meeting of Billa s network.
Lisa  Billa s girlfriend  overhears his conversation.
She challenges Ranga.
He accidentally kills her.
A shootout occurs.
The ACP is secretly killed  leaving his gun behind.
Ranga finds the ACP s body and the gun  but is taken.
He argues.
He is Ranga and not Billa.
Ranga mentions a piece - the pen drive.
May prove his innocence.
The pen drive is nowhere to be found.
Unable to prove his innocence  he escapes.
He phones Dharmendra and ask him to meet.
Here it is revealed.
Dharmendra is none other.
He is the one.
Who killed ACP Krishnamoorthy.
He meets Officer Adithya.
Escaping. 
Who apparently had the pen drive all along and strikes a deal to get hold of Devil.
Meanwhile  Maya has been kidnapped.
She tried to defend Ranga.
Ranga decides to pose to Devil  and provides Russian explosives to an arms dealer Rashid.
Who insisted.
Enraged  following the completion of the deal  Devil and his henchman Ranjith fight with Ranga.
Soon the police arrive.
Devil  posing  asks the police to arrest Ranga.
Billa but gets shot and dies as the police have wired the entire conversation between Devil and Ranga  thus proving Ranga s innocence.
The movie ends he stole from Malaysia.
<EOS>
The cartoon opens.
Where a car is pulling a small trailer which is carrying Kid Banty  the World s Champion Fighting Rooster and Pinfeatherweight Champ.
The vehicle hits a bump.
Kid Banty is ejected from the trailer and lands on the highway.
Banty   thinks.
Who is wearing boxing gloves.
He is down in a boxing ring and tries to regain his composure.
He then walks and passes a cow with a cowbell around its neck.
The bell rings and Banty becomes transfixed.
When the cow lifts its head.
He is to punch the cow as if it was an opposing fighter.
Foghorn is lounging.
His nemesis the dog is securing a large pipe.
Foghorn is curious as.
What the dog is up  while the dog affixes a sign below the pipe that reads SEE A GENUINE FLYING SAUCER.
Foghorn thinks and complains.
It is a fake but looks anyway.
He can not see anything with a hole around it.
Meanwhile the dog has climbed up a tree to keep looking and releases the rubber band  firing a saucer through the pipe.
Breaks. 
Next a small tea cup flies and also hits Foghorn.
The cup handle getting stuck.
The dog appears and asks Foghorn.
A dazed Foghorn says two.
The dogs produces a large mallet and whacks Foghorn.
Later Foghorn is repairing and alarm clock.
When Banty walks.
The clock bell rings and Banty punches Leghorn.
Who is knocked silly.
He asks Banty.
When Foghorn regains his senses.
He threw the punch.
Banty says  he starts punching.
Every time he hears a bell.
Foghorn ponders this and then concocts a plot.
Foghorn decides to send Banty.
Banty seems temporarily confused but obeys Foghorn and asks the dog.
Foghorn then rings a triangular chime.
Causes Banty to punch the dog.
Banty says.
When the dog confronts him.
Foghorn sent him over.
The dog then figures to get even by giving Banty a gift-wrapped box and telling him.
The punching bag is inside.
Foghorn warns Banty but opens the box anyway  revealing a coo-coo clock.
The box may be a trap.
The clock chimes and Banty punches Leghorn again.
Foghorn changes tactics and tries to bribe the dog to be Banty s sparring partner.
It is really a ruse to torment the dog again.
The dog then tells Banty.
He can not spar but promises to find him another partner.
The dog sets up one last scheme.
Supposedly has a show.
Foghorn falls and sticks his head in the trunk.
Nothing is there.
Foghorn muses.
The hole is some kind and sticks his head inside.
The dog has set up a miniature boxing ring  and thanks to the dog s scheme Banty has the perfect-sized partner -- Foghorn s head.
Where Banty is ready to spar.
<EOS>
People Will Talk describes an episode.
Who teaches and founded a clinic dedicated to treating patients humanely and holistically.
The plot contains two parallel story lines  a professional-misconduct challenge brought by his more conventional colleague Dr Rodney Elwell.
Who dislikes Praetorius s unorthodox but effective methods.
The struggle named Deborah Higgins.
Who falls while dealing with an out-of-wedlock pregnancy.
The film also highlights Praetorius s close friend and confidant  physics professor Lyonel Barker.
Who plays bass viol.
Elwell has hired a detective to investigate Praetorius.
A housemaid reacts visibly.
Who once worked.
When Elwell asks her.
Elwell s detective discovers.
Shunderson was once tried.
Elwell calls.
Praetorius explains.
He started his career by opening a butcher shop as a front for his undeclared medical practice  because the people of the town did nt trust doctors.
Elwell tries to discredit Praetorius s methods.
Praetorius defends his use  describing.
He was forced to leave town after his maid discovered his medical degree.
Praetorius refuses to answer questions.
Shunderson explains  then somehow survived being hanged the man.
He served 15 years for the alleged death of a man who had tried to murder him.
Who had gone.
He was lying.
When he woke up.
Who was at that time a medical student examining what he believed was a corpse.
Praetorius kept Shunderson s survival a secret.
Shunderson became Praetorius s devoted friend.
The chairman concludes the hearing.
This story is told.
Elwell walks away alone and discredited.
Meanwhile  Deborah enters Praetorius s life  displaying signs.
Praetorius examines her and informs her.
She faints.
She s pregnant.
Upset  Mrs Higgins admits.
She s not really married.
The unborn child s father is dead.
Knowing would be too much for her own father to bear.
She shoots herself.
Praetorius tries to calm her by telling.
Her there was a mistake.
She has fallen with him  and becomes upset at her own embarrassing behavior.
She runs away  forcing him to find her.
He can tell her she really is pregnant.
Praetorius and Shunderson drive out.
Where Deborah and her father Arthur live.
Deborah and Praetorius hide Deborah s shooting incident.
Who is a failure.
Deborah is his only pride.
Might become intolerable with a baby to take care of and his daughter s reputation ruined.
Deborah admits her love.
Showing Praetorius the farm.
She also wonders.
He is visiting and begins to suspect that he is attracted.
They share a passionate kiss.
She seductively interrogates him.
They soon get married.
Arthur comes to live.
A few weeks later  Deborah suggests.
She may be pregnant.
He admits.
She was pregnant all along.
She ruefully concludes.
He married her out.
He convinces her.
He really did fall with her.
Praetorius s misconduct hearing was scheduled for the same time as the student/faculty orchestra s concert.
The film ends with Deborah  Shunderson  and Barker in the audience watching Praetorius conduct the orchestra in the finale of Brahms s Academic Festival Overture  Gaudeamus Igitur.
The movie has a number of political overtones.
The review says.
The film is a reaction during the communist witch hunts of the late 1940s  early 1950s which were initiated by Senator Joseph McCarthy.
President was openly attacked by Cecil B.
DeMille  a once great filmmaker and hard-line conservative.
Mankiewicz was a liberal.
Who refused to denounce others working.
The film s investigative trial has parallels by anti-communist crusaders.
And  the lead character  played  declines to clear his own name by revealing the private business of another person  in this case a convicted murderer.
As some refused to name names.
The review said.
Although the movie is meant hunts it deals with many other issues  including the pregnancy of a single woman  the corrosive effect of unfettered capitalism  the human cost of the Korean war  among others.
<EOS>
Egaro celebrates the centenary.
Where Mohun Bagan snatched the shield July 1911 during a time when India was under British rule.
Egaro is also the first celluloid tribute.
Who won the shield  ten.
But Egaro is not just about football.
It is.
Where the killer took prominence not because it was a fight to finish  but because the final match was a battlefield where the winning could speed the movement.
It did.
The British felt pressurized enough to shift its capital from Calcutta to Delhi on December 12 the same year.
The film explores a parallel theme.
Nagendra leads a group to eliminate high-ranking British officers with indigenous bombs and fire-arms without harming the old  the women and the children.
He castigates one for paying more attention to football than to the revolution.
But  he is convinced.
This final match is no less he is leading.
He comes the same member.
He threw out to rise and play when he faints.
Mohun Bagan had entered the finals.
Xaviers and Middlesex thought.
Consolidated the team s confidence that the British teams were not as unconquerable.
East Yorkshire Regiment scored one goal sending the entire audience into a tizzy and depressing the home team.
But  the team scored two goals one by Captain Sibdas Bhaduri and the other by Abhilash Ghosh  a striker.
The preparation spans a major slice of the film including family and personal hurdles the team members face.
Abhilash is a student.
Abhilash s father does not care in a game.
Might anger the British rulers.
Abhilash himself begins to rethink his stance  he feels  has reduced his duties towards those.
He loves.
Sudhir Chatterjee  professor is insulted in the staff room by his British colleagues for daring to participate in a match against a British team.
The Principal suspends him indefinitely.
But Shibdas is determined to win.
If one or two drop out at the last minute.
They do nt.
Two British citizens prove.
They too  are human.
One is the match referee Puller.
Who refuses to bend by the powers-that-be to treat the match as a ` must-win-or-else  ego trip against native Indians.
The other is Piggot  a player.
Who was badly injured by an inadvertent kick delivered by Abhilash.
He gives Abhilash a clean chit.
The officers who visit him urge him to pronounce the Indian team player s kick as intentional.
Egaro is a sports film.
Where reality has been cocktailed.
This makes the film more entertaining and exciting  filled  hilarity  drama and a bit of romance thrown in delicately between Abhilash and Bina and the one-sided attraction his British colleague  the beautiful Elina feels towards her colleague Sudhir.
Her reactions.
She begins to fan herself rapidly to express her joy.
When Mohun Bagan scores each goal.
The reactions provide a wonderful sense of relief and bonhomie and solidarity and patriotism bonded as one.
Their acting is.
Three are professional football players.
One can not make the difference.
The cameos are wonderfully portrayed.
The revolutionary segment is a bit overdrawn and dramatic.
The tremendous violence.
Who kill revolutionary Satyen s grandfather.
The flames is a powerful touch.
Gopi Bhagat s cinematography is brilliant.
Indraneel Ghosh s art direction reproduces the period with brick walls with the plaster peeling off  the roadside shop selling hot fritters  the college staff room  the prison cell with amazing accuracy.
Mayukh-Moinak s music is very good.
The background score is a bit too loud drowning the ambient sounds and the dialogue at some places.
The cheering audience clapped each time  or   or.
A line was quoted.
When the home team strikes a goal.
When Mohun Bagan s name is mentioned with India and identified with the struggle for freedom.
Sadly  this history does not find mention up the voice-over aptly.
The sub-titling widens the horizons of the audience for the film.
One prays.
This goes out and gets an organized premiere all over India in recognition of a brave band of eleven players who contributed to our freedom.
<EOS>
The British version Killed.
The Count was based by Alec Coppel.
Cockney comedian Syd Walker plays it more or less.
Who murdered the much-hated Count Mattoni.
The dilemma is nt.
The Detective is suffering.
Four different people come forth to confess to the killing - each of them with plenty of motive and opportunity.
<EOS>
A pregnant 70-year-old woman falls.
Her two sons decide to hunt down the man.
Who impregnated her.
The younger of the two brothers makes some observations and has some wild experiences.
He discovers that he himself is the son.
He also discovers the gift  webbed toes.
This father gives.
The younger brother  meanwhile  meets an angelic girl and is molested.
Things get even stranger for the two of them.
<EOS>
Leafie lives.
Where she is.
However  she ca nt incubate the eggs.
Though they are her own.
Dreaming  she plans to escape the farm.
A weasel threatens Leafie.
Escaping. 
Nagnae helps her to escape.
She arrives  and soon sees Nagnae lose a fight against the weasel.
<EOS>
